which were located by the allied gun-

and badly hammered. The coun-
try ie well adapted for military move-
ments. It is undulating ground with

y amall patches of wood and with
wearcely anything in the nature of a
hill to shut off observation. The high-
eat ground is only about three hundred
feet above the level.

“Ag usual the Germans began the
present phase of the battle with the
Pann approaching fulness and facilt-

Ing the movement of troops at night.

the German guns of large calibre
atarted at dawn to pour heavy high ex-
plesive projectiles, interspersed with
eaivos of poison gas shells, on the allied
positions the French and British were
not ‘slow in replying. The bombardment
was maintained incessantly throughout
the morning. Local infantry operations
occurred at many points between the
@vmme and Avre until a couple of hours
tefore noon. There has been, however,
Rardly any perceptible fluctuation of po-
altions, despite the weight of artillery
thtown against them.”

a

OFFICIAL ACCOUNTS
OF RENEWED BATTLE

‘Enemy's Greatest Blow Strack
‘Between Somme and Luce.

ONDON, April °24.—Following area

oficial reports on the fighting in

rdy and Flanders:

BRITISH (NIGHT)-—-About 6:30
‘clock this morning after a violent

bardment the enemy attacked our
hole front south of the Bomme and
@ French on our right and was re-
lsed

 

 

 

fu le
Later in the morning an attack on
pur positions in this sector was re-
1ewed In strength, and although re-
mulsed with loss on the southern and
orthern positions of the front. made
Birogrees at Villers-Bretonneux, where
fighting has been severe through-
put the day. By evening the enemy
had gained possession of the village
nd the fighting was continuing.
Other attacks by the enemy
orning on the north bank of the
me and north of Albert were re-
; we secured a few prisoners.
y a successful local operation car-
ied out this morning northweat of

     
 
   
   
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
   
  
 
   
     
  
  
 
 
 
   
 
  
   
 
  
   
   
 
   
   
  

ained. The hostile garrison of-
d strong resistance and lost heav-
iy. We captured a few prisoners and
our machine guns,
arly in the morning the enemy de-
ivered a strong local attack, without
” against our new positions east
gef Robecq. Our line was maintained
intact and eighty-four prisoners were
Neft In our hands. Additional prison-
‘® were secured in suocceseful minor
interprises in the forest of Nieppe and
in the neighborhood of Meteren.
BRITISH (DAY)—The ‘hostile ar-
ery activity increased yesterday af-
noon and evening on the greater
part of the British front, particularly
in the Somme and Ancre sectors, In
he valley of the Scarpe and in the
stors north of Bethune and north-
northeast of Bailleul.
ye At dusk hostile infantry left their
gtrenches to attack northwest of Al-
bert but met with heavy rifle and
gmachine gun fire and were driven back.
Strong hostile attacks developed
0 late in the evening in the neigh-
borhood of Dranoutre and were re-
ulsed by French troops after sharp
ighting. French and British artillery
inflicted severe losn on the enemy.
During the night the activity of the
emy’s artillery continued and at an
ly hour this morning a heavy bom-
bardment was opened along practi-
éally the whole British front from
of Albert te our junction with
ahe French south of the Somme.
@trong infantry attacks are reported
in progress in the Albert sector and
between the Somme and the Avre
River.

‘Heavy hostile shelling is reported to
have taken place also early this morn-
ing between Givenchy and Robecq.
Concentrations of hostile infantry in
the neighborhood of Merville were dis-
persed by our artillery.

GERMAN (NIGHT)—There is
nothing new to report from any
theatre of the war.

GERMAN (DAY)--On the battle-
fields of the Lys and the Somme the
fighting activity was limited to local
actions. To the northeast of Bailleul
we captured Vieugelhoek Hill by storm
and took a number of French prison-
ers. West of Bailleul we repulsed
British attacks.

Strong enemy advances northwest
of Bethune were frustrated in our ad-
vanced poet line. Forefield engage-
ments at many points on the remainder
of the front resulted in the bringing
in of prisoners.

FRENCH (NIGHT)—An_ intense
bombardment of the Franco-American
positions south of the Romme and on
the Avre was followed by a German
attack carried out all along thia front
by considerable forces at 5 o'clock in
the morning. The efforts of the en-
emy were directed against Hangard-
en-Santerre, the region of Hailles and
Senecat Wood.

South of the Avre the battle, which
lasted all day, continues at the pres-
ent ‘hour. Jt was particularly stub-
born in the region of Hangard. After
a series of furious assaults the en-
emy succeeded in gaining a footing tn
eee wood north of Hangard as well as

{ the extreme outskirts of the vil-
‘§ege, which our troops are desperately
?Befending.

t, The fighting wan lean w#lent in the
theighborhood of Hailes. Several en-
;emy assaults directed against the
ridge east of the village were broken
;#fown by our fire and our counter at-
*@acks.

‘, Further to the south the Germans
i were similarly checked in their at-
; tempte againat Senecat Wood and Hil!
382. which remained entirely in our

i sseasion.
!
;

    
  
   
  
   
 
   
  
  
   
   

FRENCH (DAY)—Between tho
imme and the Avre the enemy's
ombardment during the night took on
character of extreme violence along
he Franco-British front, especially in
he regicn of Hangard-en-Santerre
nd Villers-Bretonneux. French artil-
ery carried on an energetic counter
ombardment of the German batteries.
Tn the region of the Ailette and
vyocourt Wood French patrols took
risoners. Elsewhere on the front
here war intermittent cannonading.

RAFT MEN MOVE TO-MORROW,

obilization of Contingent wi
Continue Until Monday.
Special Despatch to Tum Bun,
Wasuinaron, April 24.—Mobilization
the first contingent of the new Na-
ional Army, which 1s to be raised dur-
@ the next eight months, will start
riday and continue until Monday eve-
Ing. The men will be gathered in the
me camps that were used by the first
ational Army, which was mobilised

 

 

 

SFL
z
>
wa
>
ta
oe
a
mj

 

  
   
 

 

i

ie ars

RSDAY,

4

1918.

  

L 25,

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
 
  
 
 
 

eer aaa N
rvs ey sre =
Ne Rebuiae

   
  
  
 
 
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
 

 
 
 

  
    
  

gt ve
OE ae eating

a SS re
hs
» ae

 

 
  

Somme salient, and

 

Castel.

about Villers-Bretonneux, have caused a Britis

village. This marks a German gain
to the south,

{ ing in the village.

Se

BRITISH BOMBS ADD
TO ZEEBRUGGE RUIN
|

Continued from Firat Page.
a
out of the semi-darkness and lunged at}
our nearest man. Before he could get!
in a blow our Captain knocked him on}
the head with his truncheon and he sank |
down dead. |
“Next we saw another German de-
stroyer, tied up on the other side of
| the mole. This we destroyed. We
knocked on the head al! who at-
tempted to oppose our progress. Then
came an order to charge along the
mole. We rushed ahead, bayoneting |
or shooting all we came across.
‘By this time we were fairly mad and |
jin high glee. The noise of the firing, !
mingling of the shouts and cries of}
the men, was terrifying. It was a!
| slaughter.” '
1 Some of the newspapers say that the
officer referred to by Admiral Sir Eric
, Geddes, the First Lord of the <Ad.-|
{| miralty, as having developed the fox |
| and smoke screen for the British raid-|
ers on the Belgian coast submarine}
; bases and as having been killed in the!
Jattack was Actin gWing Commander |
Frank A. Brock. He was the son of al
widely known fireworks manufacturer. |
Young Brock entered the naval afr)
service In January, 1916, as a Flight |
Lieutenant, became a Flight Comman-
der in 1916 and received the Order of,

the British Empire this year. ,

RAID WAS FAILURE |

Insist Harbor Gates and Zee-

brugge Locks Unhurt. |

 

| Bersin, April 24.—-In an official report |
issued to-day the German Admiralty as- |
serts that the Hritish naval raid yeater-|
day against Ostend and Zeebrugge was |
ln complete failure; that only forty men |
‘landed and all of them were killed or;
cajtured; that the British lost thre. |
| destroyers and a number of motor boats, |
in addition to the five cruisers sunk, and |
that aside from slight damage to the!
mole by a torpedo no harm waa done to
the harbor works and coast batteries at
Zeebrugge. The offical report follows:
On Tuesday morning an enterprise
of Britian naval forces against our
Flanders bases, conceived on a large
| scale and planned regardless of sacri- |

Nee eRe

') Ez

dog FRENCH HOLD UWE a ra
ware | MEAYY Ld Peat AA Pere

9 SCALE OF MILES

LROADS ==> CANALS —-
: Danaea

FTER three weeks of preparation in the Somme, the Germans have
resumed their hammering at the front door of Amiens.
there has been pi bf Be Neue firing along the northern sectors of the

ally the German infantry began their, attempts to
advance on the line passing Villers-Bretonneux, Hangard, Hailles and! had been expected.

at Hangard, in the French sector, the Germans won a foot-

Villers-Bretonneux is about eleven miles directly east

’
|
|

;eruiser was under

{ alde

    
 

  

 

 

 

 

 
 

   
 
 

  

 
 

   
 
 
 

? 10

 
 

For days |
west.

of about a mile.

between tne Somme and Luce rivers, and while it is Hanked on the south
| by low lying ground, it is backed by rolling hills to the west and north-

An attack on this particular part of the

It is probable that preparations to meet it had been

'made. The British lines held firm in this region during the last days of

The first attacks were repulsed, but subsequent assaults, centred | the initial drive, while the Germans were able to forge ahead further
h withdrawal from this; south until they reached the village of Castel, about three miles from! ‘iermans than the Fourth.

About four miles/| the railroad running to Paris from Amiens. z

Recently, a French counter offensive at Castel won back considerable

  

  
 
  
   
   
  
 
  
 
 

line in the Somme region

ground, and it was evident that unless the line further north could be

 

some alive and some dead. On the
narrow high wall of the mole both
parties fought wilh the utmost flerce-
ners.

Of the naval forces which partict-
pated in the attack the small crulsers

to steam from
given.

A member of a destroyer's crew added
to the story of the Vindictive’s exploit
an interesting fact. His destroyer re- |
celved an order from the cruiser to show |

away Zeebrugge was.

Virginia, Enterprise and Sirius and | the way out
two others of similar construction “AS we were rattling away.” added
seaman, “the old Vindictive came

close off the coast. Moreover three [past us with a rueh, sending out flames
destroyers and a considerable number | froin her funnels twelve feet high, mak-/
or torpedo boats and motor boats were Ting her a fine imitation of a battle |
eunk by our artillery fire. Only a few |eruiser. They must have been stoking ;
men of the crews could be suved by [her like blazes," was his cheery com- |

whose names are unknown were sunk Fe

us. ment. '
Beyond the damage caused to the

mole by a torpedo hit our harbor Came in Blanket of Smoke.

works ere quite undamaged. Of our

The most connected account of the
Zeebrugge undertaking was given by the
two remaining surviving officers, who
said: }
j “We were aboard the Vindictive. In
accordance with our plan we approached
under cover of our smoke clouds. All
the vessels, large and small, took part |
in this ingenifous device, the. smaller
evaft letting out as much smoke us their
larger consorts In fact there waa a,

veritable blaiket of smoke stretching!
earn Zeebrugge to Ostend, a black, ims}

naval forces only one torpedo boat- |
suffered damage of the lightest char-
acter, Our casualties were small.

BRILLIANT FEAT OF
CRUISER VINDICTIVE

Stuck to Work at Mole Under
Heavy Fire.

Cable Despates to Tur Sve fre

 

 

 

Oceoa 1 the pletely deceived the Hun for a time, but!
London Times }when he discovered what we were about
Copyright, 1918; all rights reserved, he put up estar shelly and we had no
Dover, Apr’! 24.—The experiences of | alternative then but to go ahead,
these who were on board of the old ; “We steamed - through = the
cruiser Vindictive in the Britian raid {screen and then we caugh. heil. There
yesterday against the submarine bases/is no other word for it. All our men
at Zeebrugge and Ostend were of a |were on deck and the Germans shelled
character which recalls atories of naval;the Vindictive for twenty minutes wei- |
cutting oul of guns and fortresses injout cessation. Despite the terrific fire |
past daya The Vindictive is no small} we carried on, but when we got along- |
target, but the inen who were on board {side the mole we found that of the,
say she was put alongside Zeebrugge | fourteen gangways which we had aboard |
Mole as though she was going tu a] only two were of any use. All the others |
pier in her own harbor. had been shot away. There was no help ;
Men speak with admiration of the} for it. Our storming party had to land
goolness and pluck of the Captain and!/by those two gangwass, damaced as |
officers of the Vindictive, who when the| they were. \
a é6torm of gunfire! “Over you go, Royale” was the order
from the German defences went on giv-|and our men effected a landing on the |
ing orders tn the calmest possible man | —_—__—- —
ner. Time and* again the old ship was! —
struck, her masts and bridge were car- pa a tt

ried away and much damage was done D A ‘
ASHWOOD

Fmouwe

 

      

 

to her upper works, but still the crew
stuck to it. For nearly two hours, the}
exact time is stated to be one hour and |
fifty minutes, the Vindictive was along- |
Zeebrugge Mole under those condi-
tions and the sa{lors marvel that ste
came through,

The Vindictive'a casualties were
rather severe, mainly from one unfor-
tunate shell from a big German gun
which strucic the Mole alongside of the
crulser while a part of the landing party
were on deck. Large fragments of the}
blown up masonry added to the cagual-
es resulting from shell splinters. i

“Are you sure all the men. are}

 
 
    

 

  

Quick in be-
coming fash-

{stroyers lay alongside on the other side |

hing

| henetrable wall of smoke which com-, g

first ledge of the mole, but we lost heavt-
ly in the process for the ahel! fire direct-
ed against us was terrible. After reach-
ing the first ledge we had another drop
Oo f twenty feet before we could get to
gsripa with the enemy. To make matters |
worse it wae raining heavily all the time, |

“Undaunted, we lowered ourselves by |
the men's rope ladders. Three Han de- |

 

 

of the mole and all three kept firing on |

the Vindictive at close range, so it be-
came necessary to silence them. From
these boats German sailors came swarm- |
to attack us, but with a cheer our
men charged.

“This was more than
stand. Clearing the space,

Fritz conld
we dashed

for the first destroyer, into which we
threw fifty hand bombs. A loud ex-
plosion followed, and the last we saw

of her she was on fire and sinking.”

Ohfo Ratlroad Shops Barn.
Ohio, April 24.—-The Lake!
Western shops are on fire
thelr complete destruction

Lanta,
Erie and
here and

seems probable,
A large

 

section of South Lima is}
by the flames hs, AL
tor and the §7,000,000 Lima

Works are said to be lif
imminent danger |

Ou) tay

    

notive

 

 

ee soe '

3"FOUNDED 1856 ===
i
T this veriable
season of the
year, the
haven of }
clothes - com-
fortisa proper
weight outer-
é garment. We
are showing

  

| ; :
| anextensive variety of
| Spring overcoats for men

| and youngmen-—-various |}
weights of soft texture, ||
American and Foreign |;
woolens, which give the {|
desired warmth without |
unnecessary weight.

 

Bry Liberty Bonds
Better to help pay the

GEN. HAIG EXPECTED

   
 

BIG GERMAN DRIVE

 

Continued from First Page.

 

off all along theline. The most interest.
ing feature of the cperation is a report
that three German tanks appeared in
the action, although I ¢an get no detaile
beyond the fact that they were reported
to have been seen on the road some-
where between Cachy and Hangard. I
gather this afternoon that the situation
ia well in hand,

Although made with a sufficient
weight of troops in proportion to the
front and prefaced by bombardment
worthy of an attack on a grand acale
this is so far not really a large opera-
tion. One assumes that it is more or
leas experimental, to be exploited if it
meets with success. The enemy has
plenty of troope in hand to throw in
if the prospects seem to warrant their
use. Meanwhile I have little doubt that
bigger things are preparing.

Elsewhere on the front the modified
quiet continues. There was heavy shell-
{ng at Merville and in the St. Venant
region this morning, but it seems to
have been followed by no infantry ac-
tion. An attempt to rush our positions
north’ of Albert was crushed by rifle
fire. In Pagaut Wood we advanced our
line a trifle. |

Fourteen Divisions Cited. |

The commander In chief in a special
despatch has mentioned fourteen divi-
sions for gallantry in the recent fighting.
There already had been fifteen such
mentions, but two of those now named—
the Third and the Thirty-firat divisione—
already had appeared among the first Af- |
teen, making the total divisions that have |
been so honored twenty-seven. Of this|
total twenty-three divisions were made
up of British troops, three were Aus: |
trallans and one a New Zealand divi-|
sion. |

For the Guards, the present announce-
ment fs the first public intimation that |
they were engaged in this battle, but the |
part they bore on the immediate right |
of the Third Division contributed largely |
to the German failure to break down |
the defence on the left front attack. In|
my despatch on March 29 I spoke of the
severe character of the fighting at Boiry
and <Ablainzeville, and called attention
to the fact that for the three days pre-
ceding the Germans had failed to gain
ground there. On the 28th the enemy
attacked the Guardg in great strength.
They were beaten off, and then tried to
creep around and isolate them. Again
they were beaten off with heavy losses.
Two days later it was much the same
story. The Germans then succeeded in
making a small penetration, but they |
again were beaten back with severe}
casualties, Not only here, but in other
episodes of the battle, the Guards fought
thelr way to a worthy reputation.

 

Fourth Division Brave.

The Fourth Division, now mentioned
for gallantry in the enemy's abortive
attack ot Arras and Vimy Ridge, did
fine work in this eame area a year Ago. |

It was the troope of this division that
took the Hyderabad redoubt and which
were the first to fight thelr way into the
defences of Roeux on May 3. Later |
they nearly completed the capture of |
that village on the 12th in a fight which |
was finished by the Fifty-frst Divisian |
on the following day. Doubtless the}
memories of these days were with them
on March 28 of this year, when the Ger-
mans came jin masses against their po-
sitions on the Scarpe River, northward.

In my despatch of March 30 and fre-
quently since then, I have told of the
bloody character of the German repulse |
and the elaughter of the enemy along
the front at BRatlleul and Fampoux. Not
content with this, it was the Fourth Di- |
vision, tired though they must have}
been, who again infilcted another of the!
heaviest defeats the enemy has suf: |
fered this year in the area of Robecq,
Riez du Vinag and along the canal, of |
which I told !n my Gespatch on April |
19 and more fully the following day. I |
doubt {f any division has killed more}

 

he Twenty-first Division's magnifi- |
cent fighting ot bpehy, Veizieres and
Chapel Hill I deseribed tn my despatch
of March 25, when I explained that the

of Amiens| advanced materially, the Germans had little chance to make important! Letcesters, the Lincoins and the Norih- |
and is on the northern end of the latest fighting front. It is situated | gains in their operations to the south of Amiens.

umberland Fualliers all did so gatlantly
well. I spoke of it again in my mes-
sace of April 24. The Twenty-first has

   
 

in the battle of Arras iaat year and in
the capture of Reutel ridge on October
4, 1917. Nothing could have been
stouter than the fighting of this division
since the first days'of this new German
drive,

The Twenty-fifth Division was one of
those that did such fine battling tn the
Somme and Thiepval area, when. the
Wiltahirea, Worcesters, Gloucesters were
mentioned by the commander in chief
as having especially dietinguished thein-
welves, In the battles of Messines, on
June 7, they went across .the Steebok,
through fer Wobdd, cleared

covered themselves with ‘glory. In the
present battle they went in from the
immediate reserve to supplement divi-
sions of the line across the Bapaume

2 Styx!
Farm and other formidable places and |

   
 
    
    

 

Tells King Both Islam and
Bulgaria May Drop
Out Soon.

 

FEARS FOR AMERICANS

 

and Cambrai road, and bore a gallant) Missionaries. Stubbornly Re«

part In all of the fighting at Luverval,
Bourgesies, Vaulz and Vraucourt, of
which I told in my despatch of April
8 and other Gates.

After thie severe ordeal, it was on
them fell the heaviest blow of the at-
tack on April 10 in the Ploegsteert Wood

brilliantly at Neuve

The troope of the Thirty-firet Division
had already: been mentioned by the Com-
mander in Chief for their splendid fight-
ing in the Ablainseville and Moyennevilie
area and at Mery Ervillers. The Thirty-
first is another of these divisions which
took a share in the victory at Arras and
north of the Boarpe last year, and it waa
upon them that fell the glory for the
capture of Point du Jour and all of that
area. In the German attack on Mareh
21 they were heavily hit at Croteiiles,
having the First and Third Divisions
upon their left.

You know how hard the enemy pressed
hia attack in this northern sector of
the hattie and how the Thirty-fourth
Dittion had prolonged the continuous
fighting, utterly refusing to give up
ground. Removed to Armentieres they
were thero when the storm again broke
on April 9, We now know officially
what I already had asserted in a denial
of the German statement that a thou-

area. They also vo hee tenaciously andj

sand prisoners had been taken at Ar- | ¢!

mentieres, and that the retirement was
made deliberately and !n good order.
Since then thie division has continued ita
stubborn fighting in the Bailleul areca.

Forty-second Used Bayonet.

Of the fighting by the Forty-second
Kast Lancashire Division I gave a
fairly full account in my despatch on
April 4.
division, who delivered three brilliant
counter attacks at Behagnier, Comme-
court @nd Bisucourt. respectively, when

It was the troops of this! eafety of Americans

fuse to Leave Lands Al-
lied to Germany.

 

Wasuinaton, April 24.-—-Definite on.
position to @ declaration of war on Bu).
garia and Turkey at thie time was tnd.
cated by President Wileon to-day at a
conference with Senator King (Utah),
who recently introduced a resolution
calling for war with both countries,

Senator King sought the President's
views ag a result of the debate in the
Genate yesterday on a resolution by fe.
ator Brandegee (Conn.) asking the Bene
ate Foreign: Relations Committee for ime
mediate action on the King resolution,

Senator King announced after the cor.
ference that he would not press his reso.
lution at this time.

Ready to Give Reasons.
The Brandegee resolution was laid
aside yesterday after the debate, ai-
though several Senators announced the:
were willing to vote for a war declara-.

on.
Senator King declined to discuss the
President's views, but from other Ser.
ators it wae learned the President was
ready to present his information to the

|@enate with his reasons for opposing
| present

action. Arrangements were
made for membere of the Senate For.
elan Retations Committee to call upon

{the President.

diplomacy and
in’ Bulgaria and

| Considerations of

| Turkey, particularly the latter, are un-
| derstood to havé prompted the Pres’.

'

dent's decision. There is reason to hope,

the Lancashire Fusiliers, Manchesters, | is was said, that both Turkey and Bul-

East Lancashires, all had bayonet fight- | 1
ing and would not keep away from the/ Orie Wey Zor etre Cut OS belligerents

enemy. ‘i

Asaociated with them by the Com-
mander-in-Chief, In the same area and
about Bucquoy and Ablaingeville is the
Sixty-second West Riding Division,
whose tremendous fighting in the Cam-
bral battle ie récent enough to be re-
meml@red. The Weet Riding troops
have not failed to do magnificently.

You will have noticed in the com-
munique of the Commander-in-Chief

|how many divisions which had to hold

the enemy in the attack of April 9 and

{in later days had already shared the

trying experiences of the earlier battle.
So it was with the
which a year ago did one of the most
brilliant episodes of the Arras battle in
the capture of Wancourt Tower with
500 prisoners.

From March 21 this year they were
in the immediate reserve and ther! went

| ‘n and bore some of the heaviest and

hardest fighting in the retreat, helping
to cover the retirement of other divi-
sions, fighting all the way, ‘and then
with herdly an interval were in it once
more along the Lys, fighting with the
utmoat stubbornness.

This is only a partial record of these

various divisions of the British Islea,
but even such an outline will suffice

to show how well justified the British | Pp.
are in being proud of the’endurance and | ARIS

gallantry of their men,

GEN. DONNELLY ARRESTED.

Officer Held at Camp
Mille Under Unnamed Charge.
Wasntncton, April 24.—Brig.-Gen.

Arthur B. Donnelly, a former Missour!

National Guard officer, {s under arrest

at Camp Mills, N. Y., facing trial by

court-martial

War Department officials to-night re-
fused to discuss the nature of the

 

 

Missoart

 

| Powers,
in. the two countries and difficulty has

 

Fiftleth Division, |

The Administration was reported to
have information that !f it were possibie
Turkey, aa weil as Bulgaria, would be
giad to take advantage of an opportn-
nity to break away from the Centra!
Many Americans also rema'n

been encountered in inducing Americans
in Turkey cqnnected with religious mis-
sions to leave.

| Resolations te Langsich.

Senators were advised the President
believes the technical advantage of for-
;mal declarations of war with Turkey
and Bulgaria would not ountwelah the
| advantages which may later possibly ac-
crue to the Allies.

So earnest was the President reported
lin his opposition to declardtiona of war
that he was said to be ready to give hia
reasons by personal appearance elther
bfore the Senate in executive seasion or
the Foreign Reiations Commitee. The
President was said to be opposed, how-
ever, to making public the information
and the arrangements therefore wers
made for the committee to call on him

After the Senators were informed o?
the situation {t was said none of the
| resolutions would be pressed.

“MOBS” GOOD SPENDERS.

 

 

| Figures Show How Absurd Were

| German Presse Reports.

' Paria, April 24.—The German new:
| papers say that Jast Sunday Far's was
{in panic, the theatres were closed avd
j the etreets were !n the hands of mol
On that day the Opera Comique took
the equivalent of $1,500 for a perfor
jance of “Manon” in the afternoon 4
about the same amount for “Contes
d'Hoffmann” in the evening.

On the same day the receipts of the
Comedie Francaise were $1,000 for ¢
| matinee and $600 in the evening. Att
Odeon a revival of “Robe Rout

done very well in other battles in this | charges against the officer or to say | brought in $1,200. Others of the fead

war, iu the Wancourt and Heninel area, (when he would be brought to trial.

   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
   
  
 
   
  

is evil in the world.

from the world.

If you cannot fight,

{theatres played to normal house

 

By the lives of innocent children murdered in cold blood, by the sunken
ships of neutrals, by the ruined altars of Christianity, by the ravaged lands
of helpless nations, by the graves of our soldiers on foreign shores and our
sailors in distant seas, let us resolve to do our utmost to drive this menace

 

IX times like these men’s feel-

ings prompt to action. We
call upon you to respond to the
noblest feelings you cherish —
love of home, love of good, love
of humanity, love of truth; love
of country, everything that lifts
life above the animal——to sub-
scribe your share to the Third
Liberty Loan.

It is your right and duty to com-
bat those who caused this war, to
do your part to defeat their efforts,

for in opposing them you are fighting cruelty, greed, dishonesty, all that

They must not triumph or civilization will fall and

barbarism be enthroned.

0

you can strengthen the arms of those who do,

Weinvite you to make free use of ourfacilities in subscribing
for Liberty Bonds.

tial or deferred payments will be made, if desired.
have ready for immediate delivery, upon payment in full,

Provision for safekeeping and for pas-
Wenow

Liberty Bonds in denominati |
price for freedom . BARONS of $50, #100 and $3000,

th. ugh humane Uncle |
Sam than to have both |
price and freedom |
taken from us forcibly )

ionable be-
cause it’s both
a becoming
and fashiona-
ble collar. 20
cents each).

flces, was frustrated,

After a violent hombardment by the
enemy at sea sniall crulsers, escorted
include not less than 1,000,000 men| py, bumerous Soasrovers Bet meters
; ; oats, under cover of a thick vell of
hen completed, the quota called out at! artificial fog, pushed forward’ near
rig time will consist of 150,000, of whom! Ostend and Zeebrugge with the inten-

1916,847 are white men and 33,365 are tion of destroying the locks and har-

jezroen, | bor works, at
4} Additiohal calls ior the gecon see it According to prisoners, four com- | E “AN
ne of which has already been ee Brmey | panies of marines were to occupy the | LL:

robilization on May 10, are being oa role At Zeebrugwe by & coup de main j|Absolutely Removes

st September. '

; aboard?” was the Captain's last inguiry
Although the second army is expected |

| prior to getting away from the Mole |
| It was not until there were assurances |

that everybody who could be expected |
| to return was then aboard that the order

eT |

 
 
  

 
  
   
 

   
   
 

Guaranty Trust Company of New York
% 140 Broadway

FIFTH AVE. OFFICE MADISON AVE. OFFICE LONDON OFFICE
F tth Ave. & 43rd St, Madicon Ave. & 60th St. 33 Lombard 91 bce Baas o7rice

Capital and Surplus $50,000,000 Resources more than $600,000,000

   

 

 
 

by merciless Kaiser Bill

 
 

BROKAW BROTHERS

1457-1463 BROADWAY
AT FORTY: SECOND STREET

  

red by Gen. Crowder. in order to destroy all structures, guns
’ rowder and war material thereon and the ves-

 
 

BDENING almpeie, ’ n ar i i Ic § |
Fi SARE ATT? oer | oe Een rete eas Indigestion.. Druggists cn 1

the mole, ‘hese fell into our hands, |

 

ipiieieiascaemcnneens
af =
{
if
|
|
|
|
}

-

vefund money if it fails. 250
Ww

"y