| in refining the organisation of the bureau |‘? © States steamship Florence H.,

     
   
   
   
   
    
     
     
     
          
      
     
    
      
   
  
  
  
 
 
 
   
 

  
 
 

    
   

  
 
  
  
   
   
     
  
  
  
    
    
 
  
  
  
   

conda Copper Company, of which he
is president. His reputation as a leader
in the . financial world was founded

  

"your wirs  1\JOHND. RYAN PICKED):

BOMB SQUAD HEAD

   
     

   
  
   
  
 
 

JOINS U. 8. BERVICB)] oes AS AIRORAPT CHIE mee

 

    
 

, a aE Mt geet. bet Are ai ee

  

Police Inspector Tunney Will
Assist Army Intelligence .

  
   
  
   

 

Bureau, lever as an sdvieet of the Waa Indus-

; this | t : Board. tau — * Vanes

1 the States and at the time Dayle! Willard

CAUGHT MANY SPIES resigned the irmanship of the Wer

 

 

     
   
 
    
 

Ryan was men-
ight | ttOned as his Feseenent,

of the recent report of the Military Com-| Hie Red Croes bag = voluntary,
fittee\ in which concentration under a | and =he had comp pervision of
single head was warmly adv: The | maintaining the Gane | hospitals at home
Senate committee's report antedated | cQntonments and in military camps
the report of the Snowden Marshall abroad.
committee designated by the President
to aurvey the aircraft production situa- |
tion In the United States, but doth re-

  
   
 
 
      
  
   
  
  
   
  
  

    
 
    
  
 

ts Efforts Largely Résponsi-
‘ble for Frustrating Ger- -
nian Plots. :

  

The story of the rise of the latest in-

 

  

The Federal Government, in pursuance
of its policy to etrengthen the army In-
téligence bureau with competent: and
qperienced catchers of criminals, has
porrowed Police Inspector ‘Tunney’ of
the bomb squad from the city. The fact
{s thus tersely etated in the police bulle-
tin of special orders:

“The following leaves of absence are
authorised without. pay: Inspector
Thomas J. Tunney, headquarters divi-
tion, detective bureau, for six months,
from 12:01 A. Mf. May 1, 1018.”

Inspector Tunney was almost as terse,
pleading the peculiar nature of his new =
work as @ reason for eecrecy, But he ,
bud sdmit yeoterday ‘eitermeen thet’ the OVERINGTON WELL KNOWN.
call had come from the War Depart-| viettm om Lost Ship Was United
ment and that he responded with alac- Cigar Stere Employee. ”

rit. From another @ource it was
earned that his work witkconsist largely |, Pusge!l Overington, second officer of

  
    
   
 
  
 
  
   
  

   

Wadswerth Amendatent.

By a coincidence Senator Wadsworth | the old Ama
(New York) introduced in the Senate
to-day an amendment to the Overma
bill authorising the President “to crea’

nm executive agency to have such juris;
a al . oe — a air-
craft engine and aircraft equipment pro- n
duction as may in his judgment seem to Ta ibete on and one of Mr. Ryan's
necessary. The machinery would
thus be furnished for the President to
broadén the scope of Mr. Ryan's au-
thority to such an extent as he dee:
advisable.
Without tile Wadsworth amendment

Copper Company
fch he had been manag-

 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

in the stormy career of this gigantic

   
 
  

now known as the Anaconda, which at
that time was a subsidia
Amalgamated,

His experience in the mining regions
of Montana, where he had ning. regtine
local affaira of the

 
 
   
  
   
   

Shane
Company defore coming East, fitted him
for the tame of vovadaatng the greatest
oor mining company-in the United

 

separate agenc
without dowbt

craft producing member of the Pc pa
Although Secretary Baker to-
night that no additional usistation
covering reorganisétion of the aircraft
amme was in immediate contem-
plation it would eeem that eoms further | has develo)
action would be required, as the money | SUpplying

Mr. Ryan's ability for efficient or-
ganisation expanded beyond the realm
of the copper industry and a few yearn
ago he undertook the management of
the Montana Power Company, which

inta a power corporation
rrent for more than 600

and working generally for the detection | W@° lost his life when that ship was
of enemy allen plétters and the preven-| blown up in a French port, enlisted in
tion of such plots. He will be attached | the Naval Reserves from a position in
to the General Staff In a civilian capacity. | the generat offices of the United Cigar

The arrest of German plotters by| Stores Company in this city. Overing-| appropriated) now has to be gpent| Miles of railroad in the Weat.
men working with hin or under his @i-; ton was one of the 608 men ‘in the through the Signal Co This would| Through investments in mining en»
rection revealed to the public for the| United's employ who have gone into the| apparently mean that Squier as|terprises in South America, notably in

Chile, Mr. Ryan became heavily inter-
ested in a number of properties there,
which have since helped swell the Ana-
conda’s profits in recent years,

In addition to his activities in copper
corporations his banking and railroad
connections include directorships in ba
following: Guaranty Trust Compan
Mechanics and Metals National Bank,

igrant Industrial Savings Bank,
American Surety Company. Chicago,
Milwaukee and 8t. Paul Railway, Mon.
tana Power Comigny. and the United
Metals Selling Company,

first time and put'an end to the con-| national service. Havirig had in head of the Signal Cope. “would still
spicy to destroy munition laden ships | experience in navigation he earned quick | technically have charge of the ees
cunningly contrived time bombs | promotion. tures and would be alno the superior

“planted” in the carg® or fastened to At the offices of the company yeater- Gen. Kenly, the head of the new pk
the rudders. One of he @ — is be-| day Overington was spoken of in the! vision of Military Aeronatitics.
lieved to have preverited a or highest terms. Only three weeks a4
Tom upheaval, and he ,had his share| had visited the offices to say that h
too~-and a large one—in the appre-| working hard to come in under the
hension and conviction of the ors pany’s plan, which gives ite former
plotters, the trial of whom had such} ployees monthly an allowance of 10
a deamatic finale in the shooting dead | cent. based on their Government pay in
of two of the plotters in a crowded | the gvent of their having been promoted
San Francisco court reom. subsequent to January 15. Already fifty.

Inapector Tunney’s next big case after| men are benefiting by this pian, the
the arrest in St. Patrick's Cathedral of | conditions of which were recently an- Mr. Ryan was born at” Hancock.
the anarchists was the clearing up of| nounced by Edward Wise, the president! Gen. Kenly, who is to havé complete | Mich.. October 10, 1864, and when 32
the explosion iu the Capitol at Washingy of the company, "tanks as high as : of the operation of the army's | married Miss Nettie Gardner of his na-

The apparent elimination of Gen.
8} Squier was the subject of much comment
in: view. of the fact that he has been.the
foremost figure in the army in aviation
matters ye many years. Althqugh the
Marshall report has never been made
public by ‘the President the understand-
ihe here ie that it placed a great deal of
the blame for the delay in the aifcraft
programme on the Signal Corps.

 

  

ton by a confession wrung from ms tain have been earned. Frank Goodale, | gertal fleet when constructed, is an ar. | tive town.
Muenter on July 8, 1915, eae navigator of the big dirigible balloon | ¢inery officer who has just returned from
following Muenter's attempted assasaina- | which is flying over the city nearly every} France.
tion of J. Pierpont Morgan and Before | day, was formerly a United Cigar Stote
his suicide in the Mineola jail. salesman.
The arrests of Fay, Deasche, Scholts, ene
Dr. meine 9Ph eae Breitung were due; Stare te Ald Seamen's Miasien.
to Inspector nney. ey :
Inspector Tunney ake appointed to the The annual entertainment ° for, the
police foree in December, 1898. ‘He has ear cae a crest, will be maid t i '
been awarded honorable mention and ® wes mn the
Sent Aaa eae Arpaierdanb House, West Fors, | RYAN RANKS HIGH |
Seclpieieit cane abcanhah aa fourth atreet, to-morrow evening. Harry IN, COPPER WORLD
Foreign Trade in March. Lauder, 7m he gore oe aoe sisters,
t
Waanrnoton, April 24.— America’s Mens a chord. the

fe ree Doo Francis Re it, Emer- H. Organized st Ah asleeel ‘om=
foreign trade in March effected a partial | eon m ana Yawin and the aston Bracks ” A lac
pany, World's ¢ Greatest.

recovery from the decline of recent! will aid. The mission is {n charge of} ~ command of the Western Department of
nee as shown in statistics issued to- | Father Philip J. Magrath, the fighting | the army, according to a senate re-
ay yin Bureau of Foreign and Do-| priest. The annual entertainment ig ite; John D. Ryan, one an, dna? ot the country’s | ceived to-day from the War Department.
pers eeeaices eagere totalled $531,-/ chief means of support. Checks and |foremost business organizers and indus- | Major-Gen. Charles G. Treat, now com-
he 2 eterna sae 000,000 over money orders are to be sent to Father | trial_mobiltsers, ie best Known for his/ manding at Camp Shriden, Alabama,
ea uary, Poi * re valued at $242,-| Magrath by those ‘who wish to eid the} work ‘In connection with the world's; has been appoin to the post, to take
5 in_gf. & =f immmitution. < - a> (greatest copper corperation, = the ‘Ana- | effect upon his I here. 3

 

 

The reason for his appointment teseen | #- “+ W: Trial Delayed Until Te-
in the fact that the army aircraft are day.
operated in close conjunction with the
artillery, and Gen. Kenly has been mak-
ing a special study of this abroad.

Curcaco, April 24$—Federal aie
Landis to-day postponed the I. W.
conspiracy trial until to-morrow BG
ing because of the illness of Ben Schrae-
ger, one of the defendants.

Majer-Gen. Murray Relieved.
®an Francisco, April 24.—Major-Gen.
Arthur Murray has been relieved from

 

   
      

   

1. The Government ‘is asking for $3,000,000,000 and may accept all the
oversubscription above that amount.

2. The Bonds (both coupon and registered) are issued in denominations
of $50, $100, $500, $1,000, $5,000 and $10,000, and (fegistered only)
$50,000 and $100,000.

3. The Bonds bear interest at 44% per annum, payable semisannually,
on March 15th and September 15th.

4, Any previous Liberty Loan issues may be converted into 44% Bonds,
retaining the date of maturity and the interest dates they now bear.
Bonds of the Third Liberty Loan have no conversion privilege. ,

5. The Bonds will be paid off by the ‘Government on September 15th,

Most banks will let you buy Liberty Bonds by paying'$1.00 a week on each $50 bond,
and many employers are extending the same service totheir employees.

has ever seen.

HERTER LOOMS

 

  
  
   

   
 
   
   
   
    
      
  
  
  
   
   
  
   
 
     
  
 

Two Victories res in bay
» Flier in Coveted ieee.

‘Waominaron, April 3¢-—Major ‘Will-| ¥
fam Thaw, commander of the Lafayette
equadron, brought down two German
aircraft April 20, a despatch received
from Paris announces, as follows:

"Major William Thaw, commander of
the Lafayette squadron, on the 20th of
April scored & aplend@id double victory,
bringing down in tugn a Dachen (bal-
loon) and'a monoplase. These two vic-
tories permit him to be enrolled among
the prise aviators.

to have particularly distinguished him-
self. Since the 27th of March he has
already triumphed over his third ad-/,
versary.

Major Thaw evidently wishes to eet

| patriots will take their stanle Wribin 6 a

ing director, marked the turning point/ Lieut. Baer (
which were official in the epace ‘of|.
. | forty-three days), and Sergeant Baylies.
Meanwhile two Americans

taken: precedence of them,
berry, aixteen victoriea, and Thaw, five.””

 

THIRD LIBERTY LOAN

Liberty Bonds are engraved certificates of the United States Government ptomising
to. pay back with interest the money loaned to the Government by the pur-
chaser of the Bond. They are backed by all the wealth of the United States.

Our boys in khaki are standing shoulder to shoulder beside the soldiers of England and France in the fiercest fighting the world
They are looking to us at home to back them np. YOU CAN HELP—-EVEN IF YOU CANNOT FIGHT. Make
your money fight for you—let it save American lives. Buy Liberty Bonds—Absolutely all the Bonde:you possibly can buy.

Buy Your Liberty Bonds Now

Thie appeal is endorsed by the following DECORATORS OF NEW YORK’ ciTy;~
who have contributed this space to help win the: war.

   

MAJOR OR THAW | NOW. LONGSHOREMEN STAY ON JOB. LIMITS BANK BUILDING. | money sufficient to meet outstanding A

Favorable report upon an Administra. —
Howse Bill Fixes Amount to Be Ime) tion pili Introduced by Senator Shafroth)
‘ vested. of Colorado, providing for the muaranted?
. ~ of deposits not exceeding $5,000 in na-s
Wasnitnaton, April 24.—The House to-| tional banks which may become insol-
day passed a bill by Representative! vent was ordered to-day by the Senate
Glass of Virginia, limiting the amount} Banking and Currency Committee.
national banking aésociations may inves carne: - és)
in n bank or office building and site to ‘
not more than its paid in and unim- worn ayers Pane Cuerh
paired capital stock. The State Food Commission created ¢
visions would require di-| yesterday by resolution the office of Ice *
rectors a national bank to qualify Controller to the commission and ap-
within sixty days after their selection, | pointed ex-Gov. Benjamin B. Odell, State
would ‘authorise the signature of bank| Ice Controller, to the position. Mr.
officers to notes of issue to be engraved | Odell'n jurisdiction up to that moment
as well as written, and would require| had been confined to New York city and
banking associations going -into liquida-| those counties in the Hudson River Val-
tioh to deposit with the ‘Treasury within| ley where ice is manufactured, har- .
ninety days, instead of. six months, ! vested and stored.

AN AMERICAN ACE Strike ef 9,000 yoo Averted After All

Night Meeting.
Put By the narrowest: of margins officials
of the International Longshoremen’s
Union prevented a strike of 9,000 harbor
orkers who Voted to knock off work
yesterday morning.
The meh finally agreed to postpone

 
   
 
  
 
  

 

     
  
  
  
   
 
 

 

the walkout until next Tuesday, when {t
fa expected a decision will be rendered
by the War {Labor Conference Board,
headed by ex-President Taft and Frank
P, Walsh. The demands of the long-

a een and oer ae harbo? workers for
‘ve been before the
Federal authoritiés for several months.

   
 
  
   
   
 
 
   
 
   

Since he assumed

  
    
 

nd of the glomious unit he seems

   
  
 
   
 
 

-%

already have
Majors Luf-

  
 
 
 

        
 
  
     
 
      
      
 
   
 
    
 
  

 

  
  
  
  
 
  
  

W.L. DOUGLAS

“THE SHOE THAT HOLDS ITS SHAPE”

$3.50 $4.00 $4.50 $5.00 $600 $7.00 §- $8.00
a5

by

shoes. The best known shoes
in the world. The actual value is deter-
mined and W. L. Douglas name and the
retail price stamped on the bottom be-
fore the shoes leave the factory, w’
guarantees their value and absolut tely
protects you against high prices and
unreasonable profits. teed a

Rayne me qualityof W.L.Douglas on
more than fine -
ion centres of America. They are made in a well-

No Over-Seasoning in
The Spring Menu
Of Metric Shirts

OT a Shirt.qn my
Spring Menu
boasts the vulgar

: Brockton, Mass., ighest
ingredient of ‘‘flash.”’- oad trilled sheemakers, Sa aot
Each one, however, is supervision of experienced all working with

seasoned with rare good
form and spiced with
rich good taste.

Plain Colors, Delicate
Stripes and Dainty Figures
executed in fast colors upon
cool, sag grounds—$1.

they do in New York. They are always
worth the price paid for them.
sola . ong 8000 shoe dealers and 105

oe a

‘ las stores. If not con t
cal Douglas seers, ask your local
to Seater Soe them. Take other make.

Histekes (White Oxford
Basketweave) collarless
with attached soft collar, 92.

Buy a Liberty Bond, and
hear a still, mall voice say,

Write for booklet, showing, how to order
mail, postage free.

shoes by
Vb Geraglad Siog‘Con B10 Spark te high seh
W. L. Dougias Stores In Greater NewYork:

 

 

“Well done!” , , Rossen Street. $2779 Third Av., bet. rg6th & rg7th Sts. nSse Manhattan Avenue, e -ay
1779 Pitkin Aven

158 Broadway, cor, ust | a8 Wat anen Stee ° JERSEY CITY ris Newark Avenue.

#185! way, cor e KLYN #HOROKEN—120 Washington St.
sony Rroadway (Times $q.) 421 Fulton Street, cor. Pearl. | wUS 1ON HILL—276 Bergenline Ave.
* 9 i Aveute, 706 Broadwas. | eNEW ARK -- 831 Broad Street. :
Sioa Risa Ts $iaurcetrar, cor. Geta tans: | PERESTON zo Hat Sate sarees |
a e venue, cor. — :

mcrae “eee pe. 1 20th Bt we Tran complete lines of @. L. Dougias Shoes fer Women.

1928. At that date you will get back dollar for dollar the dangy mou
lend the Government now.

6. The stinainal and income from ine Bonds are exempt from all taxes
.except (a) estate or inheritance taxes, and (b) additional income taxes
(or surtaxes) and excess-profits and war-profits taxes. The income
from Liberty Bonds not exceeding $5,000 in aggregate principal amount
is exempt from the taxes mentioned in (b). The Bonds are absolutely
free from the normal tax imposed by the Federal Income Tax Law.

7. The Government terms of payment are: 5% with applieation; 20° on
May 28th; 35° 7o on July 18th; 40° on August 15th.

Many ‘banks will make loans to subscribers on Liberty Bonds for at least 90 days at
the same rate of interest (414%) paid by the Government. Such loans will not inter-
fere with any borrowet’s regular line of credit.

‘WOMEN OF NEW YORK

y

tt

March in the great gervice flag parade FRIDAY, | }
APRIL 6, designated as Liberty Day by President Wilson. | ft
Sign and mail this ceupon immediately to Women’s | ie
Liberty Loan Committee, 120 Broadway, New York. }

PP LE ES EE EE ES ES LE LS SE SE SE? eS ce see ene

I desire to march in the Service Flag Parade on Liberty Day, |.
April 26. I prefer to mareh with the following ceonniaxtinn Neon

one):
6

CHARLES OF LONDON P. W. FRENCH & CO. _H. F. HUBER & CO. . C. H, KOSTER & CO. 1, Chute (mame of sherch)..cccvssscsscsessccddreccesssece t
ELSIE DE WOLFE HAMPTON SHOPS J; H. HUTAFF Miss ALICE SWIFT dha eet. |
.CHAMBERLAIN DODDS THEO. HOFSTATTER & CO. INTERIOR ARTS STUDIOS, INC. TIFFANY STUDIOS poe en ne me Ca TART AAS OAR RETS Coast s0 ses
DUVEEN BROS. . H. KOOPMAN & SON ELSIE t | 3: \Wemen’s Liberty Loan Committes.

BB WILSON

NNO Ta Naive AEA Le alia .
‘

Address. Free ete tite ee ee ee if