ss

‘

  
  

SUN’ SMOKES RBACH
— FUND AID IN WARIE:

» §

  
 
 

 

vate Cowan, Who Sang in
‘Benefit Show, Gets Ciga-
rettes at Front.

 

 

‘Blind Tuners’ Guild Giving

! Concert To-night for To-
i baceo Money.

 

s

) One of the singers who took part
‘the moneter benefit entertainment given
‘for Tus Bun Tobacco Fund in the Hip-
Pedrome the night of October 28 last
was R W. Cowaa, then a member of
‘the chorus in “Cheer Up!” Cowan was
ne of @ group of men who volunteered

“to appear in the finale of the fund

.»

{

oe

‘

show's pregramme, in which a group ef
patriotic songe was sung, and fairly
shouted the lines:

Oh, I don’t mean te brag, '

But Fi & Gag
ik to yeu;

Ané Bring it
We'll be over,
We're comi: ever,
ant ice won't come back

‘a over over there!

Cowan, 4id' ge over. He went as a
member of an engineer ragiment, U
States Reserves, and for several months
has been in service somewhere in
France. A part-of one of the fund's
tobacco shipments distributed to
his regiment, and, enough, «
postcard bearing on its adérese side the
name of Charles Dillingham, the man-
ager of the Hippedrome, fell into the
young singer's hands.

Cowan hastened to express his thanks

on the other elde of the card and Mr.
Dillingham has just recelved this mes-
hia former employee :

and

Gead Smokes Searee.
“Dear Friend—Received a box of

mon,

“And it seemed odd for ;
them, as I was in your employ last eea-
son at the Hip. I only hope that
Up’ plays till 1 get back.”

Young Cowan well deserves the en-

ite agreement, which we
tion as tobacco, American tobacco, is
impossible to obtain, even if one hae

of the country,
reaching your efforts are.”

Private C. W. Johnson, of Base Hos-
pital 39, Yale Mobile No. 1, writes to
@nother contributor ;

“Your smokes arrived just in time
There is no tobacco in France ané we'd
about run out. As we're hitting out

_for the front some time this week they

doubly welcome and very much ap-
lated. 7
“Bo far we've seen no excitement and
have rested for seven months in a very
pretty apot in France, but we're off!
Many thanks!"
Edward I. Booth of the same hospital
eorpe writes:

$1,000,000 Small Price.

“Thang you for the cigarettes. They
Gre going to give me a great deal of
pleasure. I had none when the distri-
bution was made the other day and they
eannot be bought for a million dollars

_ @ package right now. \

“I am a private in a field hospital
which is goon to take up a position in |
the advance sone. We are from Yale
University, nearly all of us.”

H. D. Warner, the actor who was con- |
@picuous in “Alias Jimmy Valentine” |
and “The Girl of the Golden West,” yes-
terday boosted the fund at MeCreery’s |
Liberty bond booth, where he appeared
primarily to talk for the loa Mr.
Warner had with him an eight- ol?
boy, fresh from Canada, and resplendent
fc his soldier's uniform.

“I talked to enough men back home,”
said the boy in the course of his hours |
talk, which kept the crowd laughing,
“to make a regiment. I told every one
ef them who wasn't going to fight he
was a slacker and a rotter.”

Emma Dunn will talk for the loan to-
Gay at the same store. Another speaker
will be Corp. Harold J. Bunbach, a Sun
fund booster.

This is the night of the concert of-
fered to Tie Sun Tobacco Pund by the
Blind Tuners’ Guild, to take place at;
the Lighthouse, 111 Bast Fifty-ninth
street, beginning at 8:80 o'clock. An
attractive progranmme has been prepared |
in which all the participating artists
are sightless. The programme is as
follows: ‘

1. Organ—"Marche Religeuse”’...Guilment
Lo! J. Furman
8. Soprano sotc---"Videte Du” (*Could’at

ou Know")......++:- Car! Warmuth
“Bornea” (“Slumber”)..Halfdan Kjerulf

The Norwegian Echo Song (Jenny
Land's favorite)....... ++++eW, Thrane

Mise Alics H. Jonneon
8. Plano—''Rondo Cé@pricciono,"

Mendeleaohn
Dance”........ +++. Macdowell

“Witches’
Prof, William A. Endertia
4. Barytone solo—''Danny Deever,”
Walter Damrosch
“Oaly in Dreams”’...Reginald do Koven
William Furmeister
6. Orgen—Andante ir ¢
John N. Burnham

@., Soprano eclo—''The RA Rowe,"
ne jena
Lovelight in Your Eyes’. nC ; Mewier

Welcome, Pretty Primrose”’......Pineu
gine Alice A, Johnaon '
¥. Piano—Polonaise in C sharp minor,
i Ch
Valoe in A fiat major............ Chopin
Prof. William A. Enderlin

8. Barytone solo—'The Raft Song,”

Ethelbert Nevin

“Good-by"” ...6...000e, ee
A William Furmeister ou
; “Elevation” ........
Louls J. Furman Saint-Goens

Only Few Seate Left.

Tickets are at $1 each and not many
renvain unsold. There are a few, how-
ever, held for Inte comera who neglecteg
to provide themselves in the advance
male. It is the earnest desire of the
guild and the volunteering artists that
the smoke fund shall benefit liberally
by their effort to help the cause.

Cranford, N. J., and environs are
paring for a grand rally to-night in the
Sranford Theatre, the beneficiafy of it to
he the tobacco fund. The rally is under
the auspices of Cranford Company, New
dlersey State Militia Reserve. Among
the entertainers wil) be Mies Hessle
Davis In Scotch dances and Sergeant
Harold Pimbiett, C, E. F., who will de-
veribe moving pictures of the battle of
Arras in which he wag one of the com-
batanix, The Sergeant is one of the
moat energetic of the recruiters of the
British an@ Canadian mission, 330 Weet
Phirtyyninth mtreet,

& resolution
that the net procesds of the subscript
which will be taken should be devoted
to Tae Sun Fund.
lation carried ’

A big crowd te expected to turn out
and | the show
Haroid J. Burbach, 1
(Rainvow Diviston), whe wan
fret Americans to ge to the battle

inva lided

OLDIERS SEND THANKS|

will

the Nineteenth

Patten, postmaster, and his
t.

Bitty rs core CHlus |,

       
 

reseatly,

' Pestmen’s Dance Piaas.

Company.

the entertainments

ly.

the inviolable rule of the
Heights Club through @ long period of
existence to permit mo collections to be
taken at ite meetings, the members pre-
ferring to make their contributions to
patriotic and charity enterprises as in-
G@ividuals. By popular consent, however,
smash at a meeting
Tuesday night when, following an ad-
of iGress by Justice Aaron J. Levy, & col-
lection was taken for Tum Suf® Tobacco
In a very few minutes the mem-
bers, who were assembied at 720 River-
side Drive, raised $167.
a@ complete surprise to the fund.
“Eve

meeting | Tas Sux Tebasco Fund carrying com-

fons
This reso-

Artillery
the

qa.
staff will be

recently
errai for the fund where all
who avail themselves of the opportunity
are sure to have a good time ts the re-
ception and dance of F.
employees at Donovan’

Fifty-ninth street, next

ging. So many of these employees have
brothers, huebands or sweethearts in
the army abroad that the idea of: help-
ing the fund to get tobacco over to them
appealed atro

i

D. Thomson's

The action was

war and with such an institution as

  
     
 
  

fort to the soldiers, a temporary sus-
| pension of the rule would be more than
— We have just mailed you our

Merabera of the noted Roédling fam-
ily, whose name {es inseparably connected
with the designing and building of tite
Brooklyn Bridge, are represented in the
Wat of contributors this morning, From
the of the “R. M. Co.” has
come a collective contribution of $12.25.
Mr. Every Week sends his forty-fourth
offering, thus reminding the fund that
he le just that many w old.

Don't forget the fund boxes ue
United and ulte cigar stores. y
are for the n of certificates and
coupons and all such deposits make
moré emokee for the soldiers.

iNew the Fené Stands To-day.

PIBR LEASE HRARING

Appeal From Greenbaum De-
cision Ends Inquiry Into
Tangle.

      
 

 
  

 

BIDS NOW UP TO 941,000

 

Hulbert Believes 960,000

 
 

 

 

 

 

xrewt ine of the em-
cloves ot Pest Gmee Station 7, whe ee BYANING 6UN. wem.ce Rental Could Be Obtained

holding a cabaret and dance Gatur- ‘

hight, te almest mushroomlike. At : ee cae mn hes at Public Anction.

been an ere moe “

terest ‘tes been 00 widespread that it| greta! andi’ paid’ tor. 6ai0 naga" $993,005.98) Notwithstanding the fact that Charles
ss the iesue of aot of ee ice gg te . J. Nehrbas, Assistant Corporation Coun-

e MeKinley Square, street, Ghrowgh 1, dect
op more Soe the cane ry revels, ia seeeeees 0000 socceccee ee Court Juation ‘rcahel tuas bh tae be
profits of the affair are to be donated contriti wiione | Ge A objection to. the court submitting the
to she smoke fund and this hae been a | Buployess of BM. CO... cc seee boas #58 dispute of the city, the Oceiéent Dock
factor in the popularity of the affair. 1 1.00 | Company and the Hudson Dock and Ter-

fin additien to what tras been pub- ;
already tgere will bf a military 26.0 | minal, Company to a referee, he filed
Grill and os me x Nineteenth C 140 | notice of appeal yesterday from the
ny infantry from 4 7.60 | court's decision. Public heart eched-

Camp Upton and the blessing of stand | M49 Sd, S16 West State «| wed to Canta. the attereenn’ valet
of colors donated by J. Schapiro by the| “at,, ‘Tremton, N. J... ea”! 600 st. ‘Doaeee ; wit xo
Rev. Thomas F. Gregg, sector @& mM. Seneph Mi. Revdiing, S16 West State saat eee ae ry Nader oe ay ante
Augustine’, the Rev. ‘Thomas C. Taylor |ty git ROTI! a8 itomaticatty ae ar otay, oe Pees
tie ka lerasl. Henry | As a result the circumstances sur-

.| THREATS. CANT SAVE MOONEY. | rounding the. incorporation of: the Hud-

son Dock i ah Gene “Valea a and
rner Dea ropaganta the personne! hose | the con-
ve +e 2 — cern for which the Sinking Fund Com-
. Bemb Pietter. mission Mg 8 lease ee z. om
SacRaMenro, Apri —,n.; Rivet, for $25,000 a year, not -
Geanaemanh that oath Siete ate come known, for the present at least, In
tention whatever to the organised senda that way. . It could not be learned on
ing of telegrams and letters, nor to; Whose. autherity Mr. Nehrbas acted.
strikes or other demonstrations designed | _ Information that the hearings before
to influence” him in the case of/ Thomas | Referee Delafield had bean automatically
J. Mooney, sentenced to hang, was made declared off was obtal: shortly after
to-day by Gov. William D. Stephens. it became known . ye jay that the
An appeal for a pardon for Mooney, Occident Dock Company had a number
who was convicted of murder in connec- ,of the officials of the Hudson Dock and
tien with the preparedness parade borgb ‘erminal Company, Dock Commiasioner
explosion, July 22, 2916, in San Fran-| Hulbert, his=secretary, Joseph Boylan,
cleco, is pending before the Governor. | and Secretary John Korb of the Sinking
Recent reports of plans of labor or-| Fund Commission and the commission's
ganizations in ttle and other places stenographer under subpena to appear
to strike May { as a demonstration in| before Mr’ Delafield to-day.
behalf of Mooney, <oupieg with the re- i "
ceipt of many letters and telegrams, MeGeey caunee Be Found.
caused the Governor to issue the state- It was also learned thet efforts mafe
ment, it waa announced. during the past two days to subpena
The statement follows : T. Frank McGoey, the Rockaway con-
‘The M case will have full and | tractor who admitted that he was one
fair consideration, but in orderly fashion. | of the principals in the Hudson Dock
Time is necessary to review the, evi-| and Terminal Company, organized last
dence and read the briefs, In the mean-| February, were without result. The
time I shall pay no attention whatever | whereabouts of Mr. MaGoey, who further-
to the organised eending of telegrams| more admitted a few days ago a lifelong

 

 

y.” eald Everett M. Hyans, | and letters nor to strikes or other dem-; friendship for Grover A. Whalen, secre-
the clubd’s president, yesterday, “was of
the opinion that, with the country at

  

tary to Mayor Hylan,

| gnatvations designed to influence me in could not be

| the matter.”

CITY HALTS PUBLIC

[learned, according to counsel for the| the Supreme Court.

Oceldent company, which has deen the
les@ee of Pier 69 for thie last eighteen
years.

Dock Commissioner - Hulbert ‘received
&! bid of $41,000 yesterday from the
present lessee. The Commissioner gave
the frank aginion that if the matter went
to public auction the city would have
little difficuity in reallaing $60,000 a
year from the property.

It waa the general opinion in City Halt
and shipping circles yeaterday that to-
day's ing of the Binking Fund Com-
mission Id see action taken that will

reapit in disposing of, the lease in that |
manner. The opinion was also ex-|

    

 

   
  

 

 

  
  
  

  

preased more or leas guaredly that the |

City oMcials were getting |‘cold feet” in
the matter and were anxious now at al-
most any cost to dispose of the vexing
Question without an open court inveati-
Gation Into the affairs of the Hudson
Dock and Terminal Company. It was
also vaguely hinted in certain quarters
that further interesting developments in
pier Jeases might be forthcoming in the
case of a general investigation. .

When he. said he believed in the open
market the city could get a rental of
$60,000 for what it was willing th give
to an unknown concern for $25,000, de-
apite the fact that even at that time a
bid of $30,000 had been filed, Commis-
sioner Hulbert added:

“But that would upset all known
Precedent and tend to create a monopoly
of waterfront privileges. It was not the
idea of the city. to make money or create
@ revenue when the right to dispose of
underwater privileges was given in the

harter. It was rather the idea to give

e city & means of developing the port
to dest advantage of the city itself and
of shipping generally.”

Ocdident Bid 1s $41,000.

Besides the original offer of $25,000
from the Hudson Dock and Terminal
Company, which was reported to have
been supplemented by an offer to pay
$80,000 after the action of the Sinking
Fund Commission received publicity, the
other bids before the commission for
consideration to-day are one from James
Auditore, Inc., stevedores of 14 Hamilton
avenue, Brooklyn, for $40,000 and the
latest bid announced yenterday of
$41,000 from the Oacident'Dock Com-
pany.

There was some douwht in the minds of
some of the city officials last night, how-
ever, as to whether the Sinking Fund
Commission could after all rescind its
own action in voting the lease to‘the
Hudson Company.

The prevailing opinion last night
among those interested in the tangle
was that if a way could be found the
pler would be let to the highest bidder at
& public auction, that this bidder would
eventually prove to be the Occident
Dock Company, the present lessee, and
that the company would then be in a
position to procure @rom Justice Green-
baun? an order vacating hie original
restraining order, which in its present

shape aince the appeal taken yesterday |
by the city wonld otherwise have to be!

argued before the Appellate Division of

TWO PART HOUSE

OF LORDS URGED)

 

Bryce Committee Suggests
Radical Parliamentary y
Change.

 

12 YEAR TERM PLANNED|

 

Second Chamber ‘Not to Have
Equal Powers With the
Commons.

 

Lonpon, April 24.—The report of Lord
Bryce’s committee on the reform of the
House of Lords recommends that the
House consist of two sections, one of
246 persons selected by panels or mem-
bers of the Mouse of Commons distrib-
uted. in geographical groups, and the
other of persons chosen by a joint
standing committee of both houses. of
Parliament. The number of these per-
sons is recommended to be about one-
fourth of the whole second chamber, ez-
chiding members ex-officio.

The present House of Lords consists
of 641 members, and its membership
practically is determined ¥ heredity.

The committee's report carried with it
a@ magority of one, Earl Loreburn, Baron
Sydenham and Thomas Scanion, member
of the House of Commons, dissenting.

Term ot twelve Years.

The report also recommends that the
term of office for members of the second
chamber shall be twelve years, one-
third of the members retiring every
fourth year and their places being filled
by election. The salaries of the mem-
bers shall be the same as for those
holding seats in the House of Commons
{f it ds decided they shall be paid. The
second Chamber will not have the power
to amend or reject a financial bil) passed
by the House of Commona When @
disagreement arises over a bill between
the two chambers the measure may be
referred to a conference of thirty mem-
bers from both houses, and this confer-
ence shall report unanimously to both
houses,

The membership of the second section
of the House of Lords is fixed at eighty-
one, all being chosen In the first instance
from the peerage, but eubsequently the
number of peers in this section would
be gradually reduced to thirty and the
rematuing fifty-one seats thrown open
to non-peers,

Clergymen of the Church of England, |

the Roman Catholic Church, the Church
of Scotiand and the Protestant Episco-

{pal Church of Ireland would be eligible |

   
     
  
     
    

   
  

 

for election to-the second chamber, the
number of oe to be Gos ae
reserved, pending Uenien
questions affecting 08 repredentatione
in the House of Commons. +

Powers Net Eeual.

The committee agreed that the sec-
ond chamber should not have equal
powers with the House of Commons nor
should it alm at becoming a rival to
that assembly. It wae agreed, In par-
ticular, that it should .not have the
power of making or unmaking Ministries
nor enjoy equal rights in dealing with
finance.

All possible .
taken to asmure that in
second chamber no one set of political | March, acting
opinions would likety to have marked Senator Weeks (Mase.).

chamber. show!

under the infi
should alm at
the nation:
nise ite ful

aining the
@ whole and shou

 

expeditionry forces that the ba

or permanent eee and that the
80,

i
to incur the charge of habitually tun
of party motives, 1;

 

ing

view of
ld recog.

Nnaibility to the neople
by not setthg Itnelf up to oppoxe
people's will, but only to give effuct to
that will when adequately expreasou,

the

Soldiers Have Plenty of Socks,

WABSHINGTONAAPTIT 24.—Socks are ay
plentiful in the ranks of the Amerieny

non the

should be parcel post shipments of hoster: fron,
the reformed | America will be continued, Major.cen,
lef of Staff, has adviseg

   

B. ‘Altman & Cn.

 

 

DRASTIC REDUCTIONS

have been made in the prices of

Paris Gowns

These gowns are the latestcreations
of many of the feremost French
couturieres, and were imported
direct by B. Aitman & Co. |;

(Third Floor).

|

 

|  BIG—STURDY—OVERSIZED

\

The name

ORD. TIRES
“Kelly-Springfield” has

Kelly-Springfield

(

always.meant mileage. We didn't dare

* put out a new Kelly-Springfield Tire

‘until we were sure it would live up to

ename.

5200 pounds.

 

Kelly:Springfield Tire Co., 57th Street and Seventh Avenue, N a York

Are we sure? We are. The mileage in Kelly-Springfield Cords

fs more than a hoped-for possibility. It is an accomplished fact.
We know what these tires will do because we tried them—_ _..

not in a testing room but on the road; not with one or two tires,

but with 500; not on smooth summer roads, but on rough, frozen,

winter roads; not a few hours a day, but twenty-four hours a

day; not on light cars, but on heavy cars loaded to weigh

Under these severe conditions ‘the average of the 500 tires
was 11,725 on rear wheels; 14,000 on front wheels.

‘When we knew what these tires could do, we said: “You're
real Keliye all right,” and started to sell them,
\ Two treads=-grooved and non-skid,

4

‘ Sold by all Kelly-Springfield agencies and dealers

 

 

 
  
 
      
   
     

Dep’t for Imported and Special Costumes

a

were

—