~—
se 8. +

4 ¥ '
The iia Sun
Qn. AND NEW YORK PRESS.

THURSDAY, APRIL 25,4018.
cr cen ne

ee
SHEMBER OF THE ASSOCIATED PRESS.
-ofPhe Associated Press is Sicatton. o¢
‘ews it

tled to the use for
atbareise redited in thi rand alse
Seay ‘ pan, je

i”

manufacturing and.-nen-manufactur-
ing lines. Canada is an Sgricultural
country..and gurely Canada is very
much in the war. Brazil is an enor-
mous agricultural country and Brazil
Is in thé war.. Australia and New
7ealand may be counted in non-manu-
facturing Oceania, and neither New
Zealand nor Australia would pass an
examination for admission to the non-
combatant class. . So far as the rest

  
  
 
   
    
   
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
   
  
  
  

blication
deepatches credited. to ft or
opal news published

shte of republication of epecial

tches herein are also reserved. *
pe fa
t red at the Post Office at New York ap

 

of Oceania ts co ed, about: all of
Second Clase Mal) Matter. it, gave. the Duitéh, possessions, is un-
war a.

caciemnnatpesnas aaneeietee
0 Mabectipries by Mall, Postpaid.
‘ Y Menthe Month

* = ga: \ ‘ear. Monthe.

i Y & SUNDAY... 69.50 94,75 “8
a Y ONly.sseeeeeee , ae
f AY only. .cesses ioe,
; } Canaoian, Ratea. .

ack

LY & SUNDAY...$10.69 ,
: YUMMY. ceveveee ‘2 eR
yaDAaY only
ntlK

~ AS - fom, non-manafacturing Africa,
that. nt has been hotly in the
war fom the Cape to Cairo ever
since it started. And nearly all of
the Wholly agricultural islands of the
West ‘Indies are combatants either
under an Independent flag, as in the

‘

Foarton Rates.

© Biiuy & spnpar. 93s Ee 13 case of Cuba, or undtr the flags of
‘BUNDAY only.....-+- 00 §=64.50 «78! other-belligerents, Agricultural Asia,

including vast Chiua itself, is elther
technically or actually in the grent
struggle from the polar sea to India's

EVENING SUN, Per Month. .\ 90.56
EVENING SUN, Per Year...... 6.08
EVENING SUY(Fore!gn), Per Mo..1.80

—ji checks, money . orders, &e., to be
page payable to Tus Sux.

Published daily, including Sunday, by the
(fame Printing and Publiehing Association at
“ihe Nassau street, in the Borough of Man-
he tan, New York. President, Frank A
mu y, 150 Nassau street; Vice-President,
tein. Wardman, 150 Nawseu street, Sec-
‘eetary, RK. H.

Titherington, Nassau
street; Treasurer, Wm. T. Dewart,
prateau street. :

i Pendon Smce, 40-43 Fleet street.

Ay fi 19 office, 6 Rue dg le Michodiere, off
du Quatre Septembre. -
‘gehington office, Munsey Building.

Brooklyn office, Room a7. Eagle Bulld-
ing, 303 Washington atreef.

 

out Asiatic Russia, where things
apparently have setfled down to a
chronic condition of organized or spo-
cadic nob warfare.

“ae

ficultgmre brond generalizations con-
cerning #0 hopelessly confused and
tangled a thing as is this unprece-
ented world chaos. What Mr. Avs-
tix had in mind and set forth fn his
paper js that when/the war ts over
commerte will flow back again into
{ts normal channels of exchange be-
tween ntanufacturing and non-manu-
acturing countries; that eight of the
-eighty® billions of dollars worth of
manpfactures’ auneatly produced in
normal times will again go to agri-
cultural countries in exchange for an
equal value in material and foodstuffs
as they did in the past. But to even
this prediction Mr: Austin’ attaches
a string. It depends, Me says, on

our paren who factor ua with maonu-

te and illustrations for publication wieh

$ Bere rejected articles returned they mug?

\ -' cases send stampe for thet purpose. re
3 TELEPHONE, BREKMAN 2200.

 

i
.

. Behind the Litctty Lean.
<fhe third Liberty Loan will have
several million subsertbers; there can
‘be no doubt about that. The third
Liberty Loan will top*$3,000,000,000 ;
‘Were can be no doubt about that.
“But if the‘third Liberty Loan does
Set go as high as $4,000,000,000, ‘or
“S¥eh $5,000,000,000, and ifthe: sub-
_seribers do not nvfinber 10,000,000,
31,000,000, even 20,000,000, the Amer-
T&iri people here in-the United States
wilt not begin to do their duty as
our soldiers are doing theiga over in
France. t

On the battlefield across the sea
our only answer to the German war
machine is shot and shell. Here ut
dhome it must be bond subscribers—
not merely enough money to back up
those soldiers, but the American peo-
ple as a whole putting up that money.

All the American people must get
behind this Liberty Loan!

\

ment changes to “nullify causes
which heave bullt up the trade cur-
rent between thesq two great world
sections.” f

Sime seein

The British Fleet.

To what extent the attempt made
by British naval fo supported by
French destroyers to seal the subma-
rine bases at Zeebrugge and Ostend
‘suceéeded js us’ yet unknown. The
task set for the nttackers was one of
great difficulty; the attainment of its
ends was dependent in a measure on
circumstances beyond the control of
its directors, This was-diselosed in
the failure of the smoke or fog screen
to fulfil its “whole purpose owing to
a change of wind. But the assaults
were planned with a thoroughness
and delivered with a dash that sus-

——
; Another American Ace.
The distinction of being, the second
American to be counted ‘as an ace
t among the aviators in France has
sf fallen to Major Wintiam TuHaw, the
commander of the Lafayette Flying} tains the best traditions of the British
Corps. He is one of the few dozen—/; navy and demonstrates the fact that
nét more than fitty—living allied avi- {the long period of waltIng undergone
Pigas on the western front-who have; by the fleet has not impaired the skill,
brewght down tive German planes in| fortitude or valor of its men.
“lett of the official observers. The} Because of conditions forced upon
@lier American ace'is Raovut Ley-} it. by. its.essential duty, England's
gwar, who achieved his fifth official | magnificent deect has since the early
victory in October, 1916. “ | period of the war been deprived of
o}HAw, like LuFBEay, was a filer opportunities fog engagements such
re the war. In the fall-of 1913 he} as most landsmen and some sailors
dfeie a plane around the Statue of} regard as the primary object of its
Jaberty, and the pext spring, four; being. Its principal work has been
menths before the war began, he ob-| to keep the German fleet bottled up,
tained a French pilot's license. Like} and this it has dohe for nearly four
Lugnery, he enlisted in the French; years in masterly fashion. When the
army in the first month of the war.| Jutland battle was fought the Ger-
Their records for bravery and ability | mans proclaimed it a victory, but the
ha@ been much the same, and both! test of its outcome was the condition
hate won, among other decorations, | obtaining in the: high seas after ‘it
the Cross of the Legion of. Honor, | was over, and as that condition was
THaw fought a dozen air fights be-j not altered in favor of the Germans,
fore America entered the war, and; the German contentions are disproved,
ws one &? the heroes of Verdun. ‘Per: | not by the assertions. of the British
haps it bas only been Lurrery’s evi-! Admiralty, but by the evidence af-
dent inherent genius for flying, that | forded in the unchanged condition of
| unexplainable faculty contained Apes traffic navigation.
aviators like GuyneMerR and. Nens-! “The cppital ships of the enemy hav-
GESSER and the German Ricutp10FEN, | lng’ proved. unequal to the British
(hat has kept him ahead of his’ fleet,*recourse wastad to the subma-
Yahkee colleague, for Tuaw's war|rine. The campaign against the un-
record has been one of which America | dersea boat has been perilous, hard
may be proud. Indeed, she may be; and filled with heroic incidents, be-
proud of all the young men who went } sides calling tnto play technical skill
to France, laying temporarily aside | of tle highest order. Yet it has been
{ Metr citizenship that they fhight fight | of necessity conducted in such a man-
{ something far wbove citizenship: nér that, only an occasional glimpse
/ men like CHAPMAN, McConxext, | of its processes could be given to the
Payxce, Bivpre, Genet and those| public. Meanwhile there have been
others who laid down their lives In a}<lemands in England that the fleet
cause which their own Government /“do something,” and sharp criticism
Was slow to espouse with arms, has been. uttered by persons who
onWe are men without a country,” | mistook its ceuseless vigilance and
1d LurBery and THAw only a little} unrelaxed readiness for a species ef
jore than a year ago. “The French censurable inactivity.
hink we are Americans and the Particularly has there been insist-
mericans {hink we are French.” | ence that the fleet attack the U-boat
ell, they are’ Americans again,| bases, and control the U-boats by
Ny ‘repatriated, but France will! making it impossible for them to use
er think of them as of her own|their home yorts. As great deal of
ms. Ina sense, they did not go back| this has been founded on an utter
} their own countéy; their cougtry | misunderstanding of what is involved
ent forward to them—to THaw of} in such an attack and an equally
ttsburg and Lursery of Walling-! complete failure to comprehend what
» Conn. the fleet was doing and why. The
information already disclosed con-
cerning the Zeebrugge and Ostend ad-
ventures should enlighten everybody
on the hazardous nature of such ex-
ploits and the long -period of prep-

.

.

 

 

 

 
  
    
    
   
  
   
    
 
 
 
 
  
  
  

-

he Manufacturing and the None

: Manufacturing World.
‘

The manufacturinge world jis at
r; the non-manufacturing world at
ge. This was the central thought! aration that must precede them.
iegested in the interesting paper; Meanwhile the temper and skill of
yond before the Cincinnatt session of | the personnel of the fleet has been

© Natlonal Foreign Trades Council! abundantly proved once more by the

lantry is not less than Was that of
their predecessors.
be performed with pati

x

 

= ae

United States, Great Britain,
tance, Italy, Belgium, Switzerland,

 

 

bn. And nll these |
r, save Switzerland.

Mr. O. P. Austin, statistician of} manner in which the plans for the
National City Bank, attacks, were carried out. Waiting
ntrigs are at
In the non-
The public forgets that agtual com-
intries of Europe not Included in} tat is but a part, although it Is the
ihe above manufacturing list; all of
North American save the United
tates, all of South America, all of
Asia, save Japan; all of Africa and
tyl of Oceania,
4 But this division would hardly bear
Out, Mr. -AvATIN's dispesition ef. the
contending furces of the world along

tr. Austin broadly divides the fog the battleships of Germany has
pulations of the world inte two} not sapped the enthusiasm of officers
»ups—agricultural and manufactur-|or men. The strict discipline of na-

val life has not caused the mén to

go stale. The finest exploits of the

supreme test, of the navy's service,
Battles on the seas, attucks on for-
tifications, are comparatively infre-
quent, The arduous and monotonous
duties of patrol and blockade engross

historic past are not beyond their
ambition, and their capacity for gal-
most of.the energy of every naval es-
tablishment. And th

‘duties must
ce and pro-

   

   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
  
 
   
  
  

coral strand, unless you now count

All of this goes to show how dif-}-

thefe being no radical trade agree”

   
 
 
  
  

ficiency under the most exacting andj will no longer

discouraging citcumstances, They re-
quire the highest professional aftain-
ments “on the part. of officers, and
unquestioning obedience among men;
and if they are neglected or executed
in o slovenfy. or careless manner, the

by thé most unflinching bravery in
battle. It is {n these duties that
the British navy, trough nearly four
years of tollsome warfare, has set a
standard of excellence that has never
been surpassed; the tremendous ef-

vigilant, adequately prepared,

THE
tolerate such ‘appolat-
ments. : .
“We -have been undertaking to run
immense enterprises with men lack-
ing the experience to handle them,”

added Senator Smitt. Quite true.
We _ have been attempting to run tre-

consequences cannot be atoned for capertenced metictak wi only with in-

experienced mefi, Dut with men whose
antecedent acti afforded strong
presumptivé evidende that they would
prove incapable. of doing the large
things the emergency-ealled upon them
to do. It was a trying out. process

fect of its operations has.been of a, Which any great business orgainiza-
kind actually /to obscure the magni-|tion with mere money at stake would
tnde of the part it.has played and is| have been deemed mad to under-
playing in the war. Had it been Jess | take.
the] tlonal trying out experiments ofthis
foe ntight have issued from his home | kind not only millions of money, but,
harbors and offered battle. However | What !# far more important, Ameri-

And, unhappily, in our na-

splendid the victories that might have| C8" ‘soldiers’ lives, were in the

been won over him, they would not | balance.

have testified as.eloquently to Great

But all that, Jet us hope, is of the

Britain's sea power as does the iso-| Past. It is housecleaning time now—
lation of the German war vessels be- | Such a housecleaning time as General
hind his land fortifications, although ; J°FF#e Inaugurated in the ‘French
they would unquestionably have|/@rmy when he swept. the incapables
called forth far livelier expressions | ¥ the «core to the rear and rushed

of public approval.

 

New Fees of the Booileggers.
As long,as 4 single divekeeper or

the capables to the front, where they
belonged. It is-such a housecleaning
as- Cnaastes M. Scnwas may be
counted | upon .to originate in the
gigantic department of which he js

bootlegger defies the law and seeks to! tne nead.

corrupt the men in the army and the!

navy there cannot be too many agents
for the detection of the criminals and
the suppression of their trade.
police have done and will continue
to do what they can; wherever their
efforts are ‘not completely successful
they deserve. the assistance of other
authorities. A squgd of soldiers to
collect evidence should prove a useful
odjunct te the civil establishment, and
so a welcome adjunct.

No policeman can be as familiar
with the methods adopted to evade
the law prohibiting the sale of intoxi-
cants to soldiers ahd sailors as are
the men.in unlform. No detective can
obtain direct evidence of its violation
as quickly as a sailor or a soldier
can. Consequently the men who will
assist the police should be able to do
more quickly and more thoroughly
than the municipal police the work
hat must be done.

New York has already won a good

problem, With the help of the new
force which, is now beginnthg: its
labors the city will earn a reputation
even higher than that it now bears.

A Platform and a Definition.

The subjoined falséhoods constitute
a ‘plank of t& platform on which

 

The

name by its handling of this difichit |

|

The scrap heap and the deadwood
lumber piles will grow, and in propor-
tion with their growth will be, the
growth of our war efficiency. Afftr
distribution of a few deserved di-
plomas of demonstrated incapacity, it
is highly desirable that our national
schools for te inexperienced shall be
closed for the duration of the war.
Then there should be a clear track
for full speed ahead with such firm
hands as those #f Castes M.
Scnwapn at the throttle of every
swiftly’ rushing engine.

Ever} time the Democrats of this
State hold a “Get together conference”
the Republicans grin hopefully.

 

Holland trying to avoid war.—News-
paper headline.

But Germany is bent on proving
that it only takes one to make a
quarrel.

 

The Swiss Minister has dropped his
protest against the internment of Dr.
Kart Muck, recently lender of the
Boston Symphony eOrchestra, which
was based on the contention that Dr.
Muck was a citizen of Switzerland.
Mr. Svuuzer, the representative of
Switzerland iff this country, has
learned that Dr. Muck repeatedly
claimed German citizenship, a fact
that was known to the United States
authorities when action was begun
against the musician. It is safe to

Danirt Hoans Socialist, successfully {assume that the United States knew
appealed to the electorate of Milwau-| What it was doing when, despite his

kee for the office of Mayor:

“The American people did not want
and do not want this war. They were
plunged into the abyss by the treachery
of the ruling classes of the. country —
its demagogic agitatdre, its bought press,
its sensational photoplays and other
p@rchagable instruments.” ¢

It was from this text that Hoax
made his campaign speeches. It dis-
closes the Socialist attitude toward
the war in which American soldiers
in France are laying down their lives
for their countryr

It is the doctrine Mr. Hoan and his
followers would have instilled into
our fighting forces on the firing line
aod into the khaki clad young men
in our home cantonments. It shows
the spirit in which the Hoans and the
Berkmans and- the Goldmans would
meet the appeal for volunteers and
the appeal for financial and moral
support of the Government in its Aight
for that free afr which Is the very
breath of democracy’s life.: It is the
response Milwaukee's Soqalists would
make, !f they dared, to the selective
draft, It is Potsdam’s own doctrine,
and had it been enunciated by
Potsdam itself Milwaukee's Socialists
could not have indorsed it more heart-
ily than they did in the campaign in
which they elected Mr. Hoan,

“We are for peace,” said Mr. Hoan
recently. “We want all couhtries to
negotiate for a peace right @way.”

So does Potsdam. So did the Rus-
sian Bolsheviki. The Bolsheviki got
their “peace right away” and have
been butchering: each other ever since.
Ttussin got the peace and the Kaiser
got Russia. <A good German pence,
right after Potsdam’s own heart and
after the heart of Milwaukee social-
ism. Substitute the United States of
America for Russia and all ideals
of our domestic kulturbund centres
would be met. Under such cireum-
stances possibly Mr. Hoan’s home
party might be willing that Milwau-
kee should become a part of the
United States once more,

“There is no such thing as an Amer-
fean Socialist party,” said Samvet
Gompras,
City Club the other day, - “The Amer-
ican Socialist organization is merely
a branch of the one in Germany—t is
part of the German propaganda.”

Thus we have a party platform and
a party definition, both upon high au-
thority and both well worth keeping
quite’ fresh and unobscured in the
American memory.

 

Desirable Closing of Experimental
Schools.

“The public should not be satisfied
until men of capacity to accomplish

and accomplish quickly are put in|

rcherge of the business end of the
war.” sald Senator Hoke Situ of

addressiag’ the Cleveland’

powerful friends, it put Dr. Mvrcx
where he could be watched.

 

 

The man who has just ended fifty-
three years of commuting on the New
Haven must have acquired a liberal
education in gardening, chicken rais-
ing. golf and auction bridge.

There is a remarkable disproportion

in the figures of war stamp distriju-
tion according to a statement of the
national committee {n charge. Ne-
braska, it is reported, has bought $14,-
343,783 of the little bonds, leading
every other State, New York by more
than $2,000,000: Nebraska has less
than one-fiftieth of the nation’s popu-
lation, but has tucked away in her
stockings one-tenth of the war stamps
and thrift starops sold; her per capita
absorption, up to the first of April, if
{equalled in all the other States would
have fattened Uncle Sam’s wallet by
the pretty sum of nearly one and a
half dillion dollara. Well done, Ne-
braska!—if, indeed, the committee has
{made no mistake in ciphering. Het
people have first shown'a full under-
standing of what a good thing it is
to be paid a bonus for not wasting
small silver.

 

Suburban folks with lawns will
admire but not imitate the British
method of destroying moles.

Save it or scrape it, earn it or bor-
row, but buy a bond surely to-day or
to-morrow.

 

IN THE SCHOOLS.

Is a Housecleaning In the Teaching
Foree Needed?

To THE Epiror oF THE SuN—Sir; The
report of the Schoolmasters Assocfation
Published in Tuw Sun of April 21 Is
disquieting if not astonishing. The
names of the members of the committee
that made the report should be a suffi-
I cient guarantee of its truthfulness,

It is unthinkable that there should be

Permitted to exist “organized groups
joe teachers’ who flout the attitude of
the United States Government ifn this
war and of the loyal men and wajgnen
of the whole country,

There may be room for such people
in the county jalla but gertainiy not in
the Teachers Union of New York city;
very well, let this “group” be speedily
thrown out of the schools, which will
give the Teachers Union a chance to
elect better men and women.

Let us hope that Mayor Hylan is not
too deeMy engr: in the hunt for
graft in the ealth Department to
notice this shameful condition In the
schools, ‘ F. F.
| New York, April 24.

 

!

|

 

ALIEN ENEMY WOMEN.

Ao American Woman Married to an
Allen May Regain Her Citizenship.

To THe Epiton or THE Sun—Sir; Re-
ferring to your article on American
women married to enemy aliens in
Tuesday's issue of THe Sun:

You state by euch a marriage a
weman automatically becomes a citizen

!of her husband's country, which Is true,

Please complete your article by add-
j ing’: At the end of marital relations
| (by death or divorce) the woman auto-

 

Georgia, after expressing his great j matically becomes an American citizen.

satisfaction at the appointment of Mr. | .14, your statement

I have found the public is familiar

but not with mine,

Scuwas as Director-General of the! and. am constantly embarrassed by my

Emergency Fleet Corporation,
It is even safe to go a little fur-

German name, taken before the war,
The above information was obtained

ther than did Senator Saiti and say | {fom the Naturalization Bureau and I

that the public not only should not,
but that it will not be satisfied
hereafter with appointménts of men
whose capacity does not measure up
to the requirements of the tasks im-
posed upon them. In fact, the time
has just about come when the publi

e
.

 

‘ould appreciate ita publication.
New York, April 24.

x.

 

Patting the Pubiie Right,
From the Atchison Globe.

Mre. Jude Johnson wishes to deny the
report that her husband has'the smal!-
pox. “Whiskey rash ts what the old devil
hes,” she said over the telephone to-day.

/

SUN, ‘THURSDAY, APRIL’ 25, 1918.

 

“ON DUTY.

A Misunderstanding Concerning the
Ninth Coaét Artillery,

To tHe Evrroa or Tus Sun—Sir: In
Tue Bun of April 21 there.ie an article
entitled “Thousands Cheer Guard ‘Pa-
rade for Liberty Loan.” An entire
false statement ie contained tn tt whic’
brings disccedg upon a great ‘organisa-
tion and the hundreds of men who en-
listed in it for foreign service. Age it
happens, I arg an r in the Ninth
Coast Defence command of New York
State and was taken into Federal ser-
vice last August, on the 6th to be pra-
Vise, our regiment being the first one
mustered into the service in the State and
thé first to leave the State. At present
another ment hae taken our piace in
the Fourteenth street armory of the
State Guard afd has no connection with
the Ninth, geome of whose men are now
in France, pertaps in. battle at this
instant... ./,
. This, article, states: “None of, the
marchers had cartridge belts save for
the Ninth Coast Artillery Corps, which
is the old Ninth Coast Defence Com-
mand, its war duty not having called
i: outside the State.”

In the firet place the Ninth Coast
Artillery Corps is not the old Ninth
Coast Defence Command, but tonsists
of a lot of men who have joined the
State forces since we enteced Federal
service. The real “Ninth not only has
men and officers on the battle line in
France, but {s to contribute many more.
It is part ‘of the American army and
hag. absolutely no connection with State
forces of any kind whatsoever, and it
seems to-me that you are doing an in-
justice to my regiment to say that it
has not left the State when it wa@ the
fivet to go.

“The real Ninth has a hiatory without
Parallel. It has been in every war since
the war of 1818. Its history in the
Great battles of 1861 to 1865 is. glorious,
and it came out of that struggle with
only about 150 men left out of nearly
1,500. All of the others were killed,
wounded or captured. It served through
the Spanish-American war; it is serv-
ing in thie one. It 1s not staying in
New York city, nor has it any connec-
tion except in the past with that city.
It is to be hoped that we shall return
after the war to our own home, but for
the present we have too much to think
about to worry over that. In the mean-
while we hope that justice will be done
the name of our organization. Please
do not confuse us with any other units.
Thia has been done in a number of in-
stances and only causes hard feeling.

If for tf other reason-than to cor-
rect a wrong impression, I hope you
will give this letter a littie prominence
in your columns. Being the historian
of the regiment I know that a day will
come when the Ninth will come inte
its own along with the other regiments
now under Uncle Sam. We are glad to be
in the game, but we hate to have others
looked upon as ous own unit. During
the civil war the same thing happened
and the Ninth (then the Eighty-third
New York Volunteers) had to fight to
win back its old home.

Harotp Hersey.

Fort Jlancock, N. J., April 24.

 

¢

If Needed to Protect the Nation, Why
Not Adopt It!

ToTtuHeE Eoiror or THe Sun—Sir: Cone

ceded the premise thaf our civil law

is proved inadequate in this time of

hh

{war to cope with the insidious enemies

of our Constitution, why is, it any more
uncon@itutional to invoke martial law
for its protection than Any other of our
defence measures?

Why, if war's exigency justifies sus-
pension of habeas corpus, the Overman
bill and like preventives against tke
Constitution’® destruction, should sus-
pending trial by jury be subject to the
objection of unconstitutionality?

It seems time at last that ‘milk-
vichy” policies dnd arguments should
cease. Eowin R, Leavitt.

New York, April 24.

“CONDUCTORETTE.”

Are We to Have Also “Mechanicette”’
and “Bollermakeress”?

To rug Eprror or THE SUN—Sir: Ow-
ing to the exigencies of the war, which
require women to take the place of men
in various departments of life, I have
noticed a tendency in the newspapers
and in conversation to adapt the names
of masculine occupations to the change.
“Conductorette’ is one example of this.
There are others which .I do not :recall
at the present moment.

In a little book, “The Queen's Eng-
lish,” by a one time Dean of Canter-
bury, the adding of feminine termina-
tions ia considered inadmissible and
pedantic. “I expect,” wrote he, ironi-
cally, “we shall soon see groceress and
teadealeress and licensed venderess of
stamps,” TE. W.,

New York, April 24.

 

 

RED TAPE.

It Kept a Station Doctor From Ald-
ing a Sallor in Distress.

To Tug Evitror or THe SuN-—Sir:
the corner \of Seventh avenue and
Thirty-third street, directly opposite the
Pennsy!vania Station, is a war camp
community club for the men of the army
and navy. Friday night about 9 o'clock
a sailor in the clubhouse was seised
with, violent pain, due to ulcers of the
stomach. ‘Some three weeks ago a aimi-
lar attack of pain had been s0 severe
that he had been found unconscious on

At
the street and carried to Bellevue Hos-,
pital. So he was able to tell us the
cause of his illness. ]

I ran across to the Pennsylvania Sta-
tion to get the station doctor. The man
in charge of the station master's office,
who told me that he was the proper
Person to appeal to, refused absolutely
to call the doctor, altflough I told him
the sick man was a sailor and was
practically on their doorstep. His excuse
was that the doctor could not leave the |
bailding. When I asked where the doc |
tor was he said he was in bed, a moat
effective stop to any further importuni-
ties." I did not even have a chance to
ask how we might felleve the man
ourselves,

By way of contrast, I met on my way
out an army doctor going to his train,
who, readily turned back, saw the man
and gave him the necessary attention.

I know of no better way to protect
the next unfortunate who may be
stricken. in front of the doors of this
great organisation, with all the ma-
chineryeto render quick aid, than to pub-
lish the facts, showing the callousness
diaplayed by it. Moszs Ey.

New York, April 24,

~ |

A Pretty tave Ageir.

From the Illinota: Slate Register.
It je a western story with a very pretty
love affair running through it.; In it a
father kille his own son, put not before
he is mortally wounded by owa boy.

  

   
 
   
   
 
   
  

BOND BUYERS.

There Are Some Slackers, bat They
Are Few in Number.

To rum Eprror or The SuN—Sir: There
ie an old reference to all kinds and con-
ditions cf men.

There is. the man who will attempt to
make « bargain with a patriotic girl to
gubecribe for a bond if she would go to
dinner with him. 3

There is’ the drunk who will sign @

subacription. in @uch a that it is
useless.

What slackers! Thank heaven there
are very few of either. :

Then there? ie the entirely Mifferent
type of man, a man who honestly helps
these girls in the patriotic work they
ate doing. The man who, like the preal-
jent of one of the rallroads_ recently
signed a subscription of $1,000 for each
of. two girls who were working as a
team, though they did not-know who he
was and though they asked him for the

large bujiding. ‘

If men like the latter knew what
aplendid thing he did by encouraging
these girls who work day and night in
the splendid cause we should find many
f these substantial subscriptions for the
girls. .

Jf mén who can afford it knew what
& great boon a subscription of $500 or
$1,000 is to one of these hard working
young ladies they would not hesitate a
moment to subscribe for such unts,
One WHo Ig In CHarog or Suc Work.

New Yoax, April 24.

 

THE ODOROUS WEST SIDE.

After All the Litigation Evil Gaves
_Cross the Hudson River.

To tus Environ or THe Sun—Sir: The
attention of the State Board of Health
has been called to a recrudescence of
the bad odor nuisance which is mak-
ing life miserable for the residents of
Riverside Drive and adjoining streets
all the way from Fifty-ninth street to
Rpuyten Duyvil. The chemical facto-
ties and the oil r@ineries on the Jersey
side of the Hudson are, blamed, the odors
emitted“by them being wafted across
the river by the wind. To make mat-
ters worse, the odors are stronger on
the/ New York side in the good weather
on’account of the west wind blowing
them in the direction of Riverside Drive,
while in stormy weather the east wind
blows them in the opposite direction.

Residents of Riverside Drive and the
adjoining streets have testified that the
odors and poisonous vapors permeate
their rooms and make conditiona there
unbearable. Not only do they make

cases almost choke those unfortunate
enough to inhale them. Their presence
I Riverside Park, one of the most pop-
ular recreation centres on the upper
West Side, seriously interferes with its
vee and prevents hundreds of persons
from making proper use of {t. This con-
dition prevails both night and day. The
odors and vapors cause women and chil-
dren to shun it in the daytime, while in
the evening thousands who would other-
wise avail themselves of its attractions
keep away.

far back as October, 1915, the
West End Association, galled attention
to the presence of odors and gases on
the upper West Side, when it placed the
matter before Governor Whitman. The
latter ditected State Health Commis-
sioner Herman M. Biggs to investigate.
On November 5 Attorney-General Wood-
bury annoynced that.he would begin a
suit on behalf of New York State in the
United States courts to restrain fac-
tories on the New Jeracy side of the Hud-
son River from contaminating the atmos-
phere of the upper West Side. This ac-
tion was taken after a report Ned been
received from Commissioner Biggs. in
-which he stated that conditions arising
from the emission of gaseous elements
constituted a nuisance.

On February 7, 1916, a brief was de-
posited with the clerk of the United
States Supreme Court to enjoin the Bull's
Ferry Chemical Company and a dozen
other manufacturing concerns. It was
charged that these plants emitted
smoke, fumes and noxious and poisonous
g@ases, vapors and odors offending the
olfactories and endangering the health
of residents on Riverside Drive. Then
on February 28 New York won the ini-
tial skirmish when the Supreme Court
issued a rule against a number of planta
to show cause why an injunction should
not be issued to enjoin them from main-
taining conditions which permitted the
escape of “gases, fumes, smoke and
odors” that floated across the Hudson
River,

In the meantime the New Jersey De-
partment of Health inquired into con-
ditions, The result was that on February
15,1916, the Bull’e Ferry-company, one
of the operating plante on the Jersey
side, was given until April 1 to abate
the nuisance from smoke and odors
emitted from its stacks. Suspension of
operations was‘to be the penalty for
failure to comply. The company pleaded
that traffic congestion was responsible
for its failure to obtain the necesgary
apparatus to obviate the nuisance.

Obviously the Bull's Ferry company
had not. heeded the order of the State
Department of Health to abate the nul-
sance by April 1, for on April 4 the
department issued an order prohibiting
the Bull's Ferry company from engaging
in the manufacture of sulphur Srown
pending suck time as the company may
install a satisfactory apparatus for the
consumption of smoke and odore.

But In epite of all orders and court
action the nuisance still exists. The
factories on the Jersey side obviously
have done nothing to abate the nuisance
and the odors still come over like the
polgonous gases from the German shells.
The matter is avre to find ite way into
court again, and this time it should be
pressed to a satisfactory conclusion.
Perhaps the matter could be dealt with
satisfactorily at the next meeting of the
Legisiature through a bill giving the
Governor power to revoke the authority
of n corporation owning a factory re-
sponsiblo for such a nuisance to do busi-
nese in thia State. NEW YORKER.

New’ Fork, April 3.

As

The Wise and Patriotic Randazzo.

To tne Epiroror THe SuN—Sir: Ran-
dasso Stefano of 1812 Eighth avenue,
Brooklyn, is an Italian, 54 years old, an
unskilled laborer, who came to America
about five years ago from Carini,
Province di Palermo. Since then he
accumulated $600. He said that» Uncle
Sam needed the money and subscribed
the $600 for the third Liberty Loan.
It wae an act of his own free will, The
rest of ,us gave out of our abundance,
but he gave his all.

j 7 JoHN A, O'NEILL,

Brookirn, April 24.

Arkaneag™ Preparedness.
Gepse Ankle correspondence Nevede County
pune.

‘Well, the sain came and the wind blew,
and Walter and family to the stormhouse
few.

hi days and ealt beef and flour three days
subscription in the public corridor of : the week. The @our was put in

breathing difficult but they affect the
mucous membrane, incite coughing and Fi
sneesing, produce weeping, and in some

An Opportanity for
To THe Epitor of THE SuN—Sir; While

LIFE IN UNCLE SAM’S NAVY

. CIVIL

-

WAR.

 

Conditions That Today Would: Be Considered Hard Were Accepted They
| Without Complaint.

 

When the writer reported for duty
on his first ship, the U. 8. Monticello,
on June 5, 1861, the food served to the
enlisted men comprised the following

articles:
Hard bread.
Salt beef.
Sait, pork,
Beane,
Flour.

Butter.
Cheese.
Molasses.
Vinegar.
Pickies,
Coffee and tea. , Dried apples.
Sugar. Raleins.

Pork and’ beans were ‘issued four

bags with dried apples and boiled. This
product was what the men call
“duff.” When raisins were used instead

of dried apples it "became “plum duff,’

and with molasses for sauce was great-
ly enjoyed by the bluejackets.

When in port fresh beef, potatoes
and onions were issued three days in
the week—the men would have growled
had fresh food been issued oftener—
two issues of pork and beans and one
of salt beef and flour were omitted.

The men thrived under this food,
and a braver, more gallant, hardier
set never existed. '

Canned food was little known, dut
in about a twelvemonth the manufac-
turers had so improved their output
that tinned beef, tomatoes and desic-
took the place of three days of salt
food. The men at first did not
the change, but soon became accus-
tomed to it and were contented.

The desiccated potatoes proved a

like
failure and the department soon struck
them from the ration list.
All of the food was of excellent
The crew was divided in
messes of twelve to fifteen men and
the ration was so liberal in amount
that twelve rations would feed fifteen
men, the other three rations were
commuted and their value was paid
over to the mess by the Paymaster,
every month.. The ration was valued
at 25 cents, thus making for three
commuted $22.80 every month and
the men used the money thus ob-
tained to suit themselves.

quality.

.\ Tables for the crew were unknown.
ve foot squares of canvas painted
black were spread on the berth deck
and the men gat on the deck around it
and ate their meals.

The table ware was of tin.
Whiskey was served twice a day,
8 o'clock A. M. and 12 o'clock noon,
to all enlisteed men who were fortu-
nate enough to be on the “grog list.”

ernment allowed four cents a day and
this amount was credited to the ace
count of each abstainer.

Officers bought all their own food,
china, tablecloths, napkins; in fact, all
equipment of the table, and as the
regulations allowed one ration a day
to each person in the service on sea
duty officers commuted the ration and
each one was credited with $7.50 4
month on the bapks of the ship and in

ration, although under the regulations
they were not permitted to draw any
whiskey from the ship’s stores.

The officers bought all their own

drinkables, and these were controlled |

by the so-called “wine mess,” members
signing far what they used just es is
done in a club. Officers who were ab-

 

 

DEPARTED FALLACIES.

America's Isolation and Safety
Unpreparedness Are Among Them.
To THE Eortor or THe Sun-—Sir: When

a fallacy which has long been rooted in

the public mind is exploded by some

salutary experience it is important that

 

the fact should be brought to the general.

attention at once. If it is allowed to slip
by unnoticed and become a thing of the
past, the fallacy, like an imperfectly up-
rooted weed, will soon shoot up and
spread again.

We have an instance before us to-
day. It was believed in this country that
the days of great ware were over be-
cause of the moral progress of mankind.
The present war is showing that the
basic instincts of humanity have not
changed in 2,000 years. The passions
and ambitions that are guiding it are
exactly similar to those of Greek and
Roman antiquity, and the methods em-
ployed would have shocked both Alex-
ander and Cesar.

It was thought that Asnerica, through
her isolation, was immdane from waf,
and here we are in it up to our necks
because the interests of all great peoplés

are too closely interwoven for any one ve |

them to live apart. It was vociferously
proclaimed that we needed no “'pre-
paredneas,” because with our wealth and

resourcefulnesg “a million men would |

epring up overnight.” We have been in
the war a year and our military effort
has not yet equalled what Holland or
Switzerland could have put forth at the
owbreak of hostilities If this, great
struggle for democracy is lost it will be
because we could not get into the fish
in time.

It was said that preparedness would |
bring on war and helplessness would pre- |

serve the peace, and! now it is practically
certain that if the German Government
had not looked with contempt upon a
nation that seemed too weak even to in-
spire respect among Mexican bandits
they would not ha ventured to drive
us into the arms of their enemies.

If under the protection of the British
fleet we escape from this great struggle
without suffering any damage upon our
own soil, and if our injuries are confined
to heavy taxes and the loss of many of
the brave boys we are obliged to send
with hurried and imperfect training to
Europe, the crop of pacifists and vision-
aries will spring up again when peace is
declared and chloroform us into the ab-
ject and humiliating condition in whic
the great world crisis fgund us.

The time to dwell upon these instruc-
tive facta is now. H. G. 8. Nosie.

New York, April 24.

e

 

a Great Letter.

i. New York a few: days ago I at-}

tended several theatres and in only one
was "The Star Spangled Banner” piayed.
Would it not be a good idea for the
Mayor to iseue an order requiring the
orchestra to play our national hywa we-
fore the beginning of pe perrormaiwe?
As the audience fs supposeo to stand
during the playing, it might be ‘he
means of disclosing scme one to whom
“The Star Bpangied Banner” does nuf
appeal. T. B. Grirpin,
Earsmont, Mass, April 23.

  

   

To those who did not drink the Gov- |

addition $1.20 each for the whiskey |

 

|

h
|

stainers from intoxicants did not be
long to the “wine mess.”

The expense for food, as in a private
tamily, was governed by the way the
mess wanted to live. The expense of
the mess was greater on foreign sta.
tions, as there was much entertaining
to be done and*the Government made
no provision for this except in the
case of the commanding officers o¢
squadrons,

One officer was chosen as cateror
and the assessment was paid over ty
him every month. It was a thankless
duty, akin to the chairmanship o¢
the house committee of a club.

In eome cases where there was un.
fortunately a constitutional growler in
the mess the position of caterer was
most disagreeable, and sometimes each
officer in ‘turn took the duty for a

onth. It can be seen that these
Messes were not happy.

In 1862 Congress passed an act abo}.
fahing the whiskey ration, with a pro.
hibition, under severe penalties, that
no distilled spirits of any kind should
be introduced aboard any ship of the
navy.

The act went into effect Septem.
ber 1, 1862, and from that date thera
have been no distilled spirituous j.
quors on any of our ships. The act
did not apply to wines, ale or beer,
and officers continued to buy these
articles for their winc mess,

In Heu of the whiskey five centy
a day was allowed to every one on
board ship, making the value of the
| commuted ration $9 a month instead
| of $7.60.
| Soon after this Ad:ninistration came
‘into power Secretary Daniels issued
an order abolishing a!! kinds of liquors
| abpard ship and the cra of grape juice
| now prevails. é
| The Secretary's order was unnecee.
| gary as officers of tho service are not
|inebriates. If there were any excep.
tions court-martiais soon disposed of
|such cases.

The order was a direct reflection
on every officer and it is exceedingly
embarrassing when officials of foreign
countries and officers of foreign navies
are being entertained on our ships,

far it suggests to the foreigners that
| the officers they are visiting are vic-
| tims of d@ipsomania and cannot be
irusted with a bottle of wine.

In the early days of my
| there were no baths, no refrigerutors,
land in sailing ships no heat. The
only fire on. board was in the galle:
where all the food was cooked. It
was not possivle to have a stove in
the ward room, for when at table our
| feet rested on the cover of the hatch
leading to the after magazine.

These details must seem to the pres-
ent generation great hardships. We
\did not so consider them, but looked
‘upon them as a matter of course, and
{did our duty with « minimum of
| growling. It should be remembered
|that those who follow the sea are

given to growling.

Many people on shore Jaber un
the great mistake of believing that
the Government furnished officers wil):
| their swords and all their uniforms

In my" 4a¢/"6fficers’ furnished their
bedding and all the totlet appurte-
nances, the Government furnisiing
nothing but the ship and its necessary
equipment.

The ships of to-day and the
| served to the men to-day are tru!
luxurious, compared with fifty
| ago. Grorce DeForest Barton

|

cated potatoes were introduced and |

seryice

eT

food
years

 

THE “OLD SOAK

” IS I”,
Kansas Must Retract Her Slander on
Massachusetts Now.

To THR EpiTor oF THE SUN Wet
Massachusetts ratifed® the nations
pronipition amendment. Wet New Y!
and New Jersey turned it down, \\%

1 think if comes down te this, Maess
‘chusetts has a stronger, a far strong’
}mental attitude against alcohol thar
|New York and New Jersey. There was

Sey

IN THE

| something to build a campaign against’

drink on in Massachusetts Talk
New York people of the same class an!
the question is as unknown to them A*
to a Hottentot—all the costs of ulcono
all the lost efficiency, the lost health th"
peven moderate drinking means seem Ii:
a dead letter there.

Almost every State Federatic:
Women's Clubs in the nation has bold)
lamaned @rohibition, but the State Fe!
| eration of New York onls
backing and filling came out
for war prohibition.

In Massachusetts the Charity |
zation Society of Boston has fer
flve years got out
;Nature and cost of aivohol to the
tuunity, and women's clubs ali t
the State went out and posted
posters on trees, fences, Av, ant!
ehurches carried tham on butietin bo
Usually the women were be
' poster campaigne, but they iif
[sta sentiment. Then, agali, Sass
setts had local option votr ,
which gave education a chan
When T was in Kansas tw seus
they said, “We don't expert ¢
soak Massachusetts to rot?
| just going to tow her in’
| But “the old soak’ ratifed
this country is going dry an)
}the States that do not : )
| get the benefits of prohibition !
| that march in of their own a
| The women of New York in!
option election showed theinse!
formed about this great questi!
lates of them did was |

|

 

after days of

 

ist

posters telling t)*

srougt

 

  

 

 

 

 

polls and vote for more broke

more neglected and underfed cos

| more poverty, more insan
They simply had reser +

  

| disean®,
the subject real thought
me, however, that the more
must be like the average woud
country, that ts, against quer
jis the moment for these won
{up and educate their
| voman’s club should feel tiat ¢ 4
en's vote of New York la-t

| flected on that club of hers. (
;@hould be fomned, posters
posted broadcast (address Porter
mittee, Boston Associated
and, so quick is the mind of
once started, a revolution sou
| complished so that the wore)
|} York next year ring ont lari
against broken homes, neglects!

| hood, disease and inieery

| IT believe* the State Feder

| Women's Clubs can rise up aod
the women of New Yors i

year to vote out the saloon he

\

Sisters

New 4

h ld t

they should do it, for there ,
tangible thing that will free mo
theéthings we shall so need via
power, health, eMclemy, thal ‘

1 |

the saloons. :
April 23

CAMBRIDGE, Mass.,
.

|