| TAPASS UPTON
TRAINING COURSE

Ms

‘ tion to-day, includes 7%4

AR YY.

a Richard H. McMah Jemes M.
Ve rr, Samuel Maerker, 8.
Ahie Cari J.T. Main, Howard
Anderson, A. : M Raymond.
Anderson, vosephus Mason, Martin W.
Argetainger, L. W.. aoa D.
Axvirod, Hein Miner, Theodore.
Mabor, Williant F. Monahen, Herbert BE.
sagnall, Harry W. Morse, Elewerth B.
Hanser, Edw. R., Jr. Mulhses, Edward D.
barion, Francis K. Myers, ‘ks E.
Biake, Frawk E., Jr. Newbold, D, T.

\ «Bro, John H, Newman, Charies le
Brown, Rew s ayhtoes BR 2
Byrnes, Thomas J. Bonnell, e
Cabot. Powell M. Palher, anhor D.

Sa Ames, Edward M,
Ardiff, William i

—_—-

10. Sees

 

Names of Suecessfal Candi-
dates for Second Licutep-
ancies Announced. *
Ries wes we oe
911° MUST ‘TRY ‘AGAIN

 

Graduates to Be Given Com-
missions Only as Vacan-
cies Ocoar. é

 

Approximately 80 Ser cent. of the men
who enrolled in the officers’ training
school which. opened at Camp Upton
January 5 have. qualiled for commissions
as Second Ijeutenants, They will be
commissioned’ as rapidly as vacancies
occur in the arnity:”

The list of successful candidates
for commissions, released for publica-
_ pames. A
total of 935 men were enrolled in the
Upton school. Here “?. the graduates:

Santield, Harold T. Peck, I.
Come, Wm. Van RB. Fomber. 2.
Collins, Frank J. ins, @, "W,, Jr.
Crit Don ¥. Phillipe, Meurice.
Carts, . or. Fierce, Bares 8
‘Norma Power Chariee 8.
Perth. Frank W. Pratt, Edwin D.
foes, Bevery L albert B.
Hert. ™ vain =
io ‘ .
lie, Donald E. Qferd. Leon ‘
vare, Joho W., Jr. Rittenhouse, J. B.
ecter, J W. Reiter, 4
echer, Geo. E.. Jr. Rem Martin P
‘orrester, Richard Frees 5
1edman, enardson, J.
ess, George A. Ritter, C A.
Hike, Victor B berts, Tearon ¢.
4 or .
jardi, Amhony ¥. Roberteon, pene, c
Menpie, George E. hal, 4,
Glover, Samuel Ryan, John J.
Gluck, Arthur C. Sausville, or 4,
Gross, Edward M. Schultze, Walter
all. Ralph Seli; Bustace.
Edwin A. Senecal, James au.
Hamilton, Edw. P, Sheridan, Thomas W.
‘Heyl, Robert C., Jr. Sinclair, George .
Hil). ing H. Baugnt . Malcolat. ,
Hobeod, Norman §, Smith, ik P.
Heuing rn eR Sicnonnhen Eran ;
sworth, T. E., . 3
ad 5 ‘ een L real.
H “has. E., dr. Steson, Jo! ;
Boke ban fi. r Strawbridse, Wm. H.
unt, Btudwell, i diok
ohmry. Howard A. ae
dung, , Patrick J.
a Charles.

tla, Bagar be Tur

ula, one *

ennedy, Pheodore T. ‘Valentine.
iggen. John A. ar. Van Hook.
Ison D.

‘ eon, ‘
ove, William D. Webb, Alonso C.
ving, Frank B., Jr, Welees, taymond G.
kens. Morris R. Wei

Lyon, Harold 8. Wensel, Andrew J.
acKay, John J. a A.
aeKensia, Gilbert. White, Charles A.
acMillian, Bruce. head. ae

jarry C.

lellan. Adame N. Wildner, Hi
MeDonough A, Wynne eat

nough, A. J. arey H.
McEntegart, Thomas. Zara, Francesco
McGee, Arthur J.

INFANTRY. ¢

Ackerman, Walter T. Day. Harold R.
Adams, Floyd M. a ing, Herwi I.
Aden, Hievey B., Jr. D'Bison, Milton F.
Adiar@. Clarence C. n,
Aen, Danie) V. B.

Dikeman,
lion, Joseph RB.

Armstrong. William G.Dineen, Franeie X.
Arneésen, Sigurd J. Dirkes, Frederick A.
Arnold, Herbert E. ue, John BE Parso
Arpold, Righard J, . Thomas We Parsons, J
ur, n I,~ iz. *
Asbury, Herbert . William’ W, "| Pembert
Aapinwall, Augustus y. Carl A.
twood, William R. Duffy.. Charles A.
Ault, John N, ¥ ~ Dufloeg, John M.
gue. Francis Dwight. Haibert B.
jader, Albert’ X. » El 8.
Bajar, Charles, N. Eckenroad. #,
aker, \ k W. . Davi N,
Bajlentine, Francis D. Edwards. Frank E.
frede, Wm. A. _Eitsen, Henry &.
Baron, Earle C. Eiudtt, Paul B.
tt, Herbert W. Ellsworth, Sam. M.

Bartley, Wm. 8.
Beach, Hart J.

Beardsley, Harold ‘W.Ernet,

EmPilet

Beauvais. Walton U. Evans, Howard E.

k, John J. Ewens, Jamean E.
Beckerman, Philip Fearing, Ralph W.
Relcher, Ralph G. Finnie, George, Jr.
Belknap, Ward B. Fisher, Kenneth D.
Bell, deric G. Fiske, Charies H., 8d
Rongert. Charles J. Fiske, Hareld lL.
ferlin, Charles E. FitsGeraid, ward F.
Rerlowitz, Josef O. WPilevut. Atpha J.
Rernard, David M. Flinn. Harry J. - +
Yernhardt, Philip Flood, George F.
veat.; Harry L. Florian, Jerome.
Wetta. Daniel A. Forbes, Charlies M.

Risler, Harry F.. Jr. Forsyth, Thomas B.

Birsh, Abraham 8. Foster, Geor, B.

Bishop, Chester A, ‘oudy, Eaweee R,
n Foust, Russell A

Blackf Jghi ;
HRicak, Sam : Fox, Cedric R. M.
Bienkin,’ William M. Freedman, Samuel.
Boddy, Elias M Freiberg, Hyman.
Roeddinghaus, W. E. Freund, Tobias 8.
Bohler, Harry E. R. Frost, Luther H.
Borges, Milo A w

‘ Rise. Edward
Bosselman, Rudolph L.Fulcoly, Joseph E.

Cornwell. Boroe #, under bu | dD.
usquet, Felix S., Jr.Gabryal, ;
Rowman, William Gallagher, Henry L.

Noyes. ‘Leighton W.- Gallagher, T. J.
Roynton. Raymond W.Galligan, Bugene.
Brady, Thomas V. Gardiner, G. _H.
Brennan, Joseph R. Garlock. G. F.
Iirewer, John W . dames J.
Genen. Wiliam M.

Brogan, Thomas M.

Hromberger, Edgar Gerhart, Ralph A.
Brown, Archibald Geronimo, William J,
Tiown, Benjamin A. Gillette, George W.
Drown, James F. Gleason, Raymond F.
Iirown, Lester M. Goldstein, Joseph ‘ F.

Brown, Uscar Gonzales, » Vi,
Lrownheim, Louis M. Goodwin, Wits iL
Buchanan, Wm, J. ns, Burton,
Bucher, Lioyd D. G m, Charles T.
Bucken, Haro'd L. Gorman, Arthur T.
Bucklin. Glarence E. Grady, William ¥.
bs r, R. W. Gray, Harold T.
Burke, George A. Griebe, Robert.

urns, John BR. Grometetein.

iu hs, Geo. H. Gundlach, He w.
Rushnell. Robert _T. Hackberth, CG
tushy, Edword E. Hall, Stanley
Byerley, Cecil. Halley, James M.
hiyrne, Josep! * Halligan, Charles W.
Cadere. Leon Halloran, w: T
Cadwelt. Murray K. Hamblen. Arthur J.
Campbell, Hepry S. Hamer, Clarence J
Campbell, John A. Hanratty, Jerome 8
Canaday. Harper D. Hanstein, Lam L
Cande, Robert. P Harbin, Willi H
Carrier, Wm, H., Jr. Hardy, John P.
Carroll, Gerard M. Hardy, Glenn BR.
Carrol. Peter A. Harris, Arthur H.
Carttens. Frank ©. -Harrie, Herbert H.
Garter, Herbert 8. Haggia, Morgan K.
Carter, Russell G. Hef, Harry.
Carter, Thomas E. Harvey, William B.
Caee. James R. Hatch, Francis W.
Cermes, Albert_ A. Hathaway, Warren S.
‘exario, John D. | Heyes, Roger R.

atterton. Joseph V. Heeg, William F.

lupea, Siegfried Heess, Fred A.
hristgau, Wm KR. leider, The P.
Caark. Milton §. Heinicke, George.
Cloushly, David 8. Heller. Abraham J.
“ohen, Herbert E. Honderson, Lioyd.
olborn, Wm, T.. Jt. Henry, Robert M
Colby, Ralph E. lerlihy, Ernest H.

Collins, James
Collins, William J.
Conklin, Deane L. H i

Connolly, Daniel M.’ Hill, mond L.
Conway, Bertram H. Hilliker, Biward &. R.

Coaper, James Hinde, Joseph

Corey, James A. Hobba, Robert E.
Corregan, Frank G. Hochheim, William A.
Gourer. Charles J. tlodges, Rithard M.
oulton, Thomes E. Hoffman, Harry B.

urtney, Curtis

aig. Arlington, Jr.
Crane. Benes D y
Sremin, omas V. Horne, Jam 4
Croaedale. Walter BR. Horton, Harding PF.
rocker, Angustus QO. Mosman, Elva D.

Hoit, Howard 8.
Hoops,
Hope, Pe

Crowe,
Cruse, Bernard A. Huber’ Noh %
Cummings, Thos, H. Hueleer, Charles A
Pay, cheries zE. Full, Dennison
aly, ohn . ungert:
Paring’ Homer C. Hunter, Taree
avis, Clarence M., Jr.Hunter, Rich. Mo”
vie, James 0. Hunter, William B,
/ Igman W. Hutchings, Chas., Jr.

ee

   
   
 
  

    
   

Samuel S|

    

  
   

  

Leonard,
dames, Hi 8.
ieee
Carl A.B.
» Carl A.
GC 2
on ta
jones,

i. er) O.
dohneo:

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 
 
   
 
  

;

 

 

   
  

I sone

a
Ske
ar?

Ait

Sl

 
 
  

ie

‘

i?

)

|

it
4

3
z

 

 

 

 

  
 
 
 
  
   
    
  
 

 

 

 

 
 
  
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
  
 
 

    
   
  
   
    
 
  
   

Weeiman, Cc.
Woes: Fae
. . Fra
Whitney, Ho!
, Widner, Lesiie
n A. Wilber, Grerlee
Parkhurst, Henry W. Wilbar, Trance .
nm. Kenneth B. G.Willard. Victof. H.
.» James A. = T.
ack.

t

Wiliam:

Williame,

Williams, Vivian L.
Williamean. 8. T.

L.

Palmer.
Parker, Joh

Henry M.
Alan...
Hamilton L. —~
Henry J. x
orke, Charies B.

c Michbel
i |. Zebrancky. William
ez. Alexander. Zach. Leon H.
1, Otis 8. .

REALTY MEN NEED

 

? $100,000 A (DAY in action or have died on

' oe ea
‘|\Hard Work Necessary to

Gain Liberty Loan Goal.

‘ *y
Tr®tire Real Estate Board's, Liberty

 

Loan Committee ia te gain the
$2,000,000 in subacript eae at in

the beginning some mighty tall hustlidg

‘will have to be done to the tune 6f/will give a penny to imperial arma-
$100,000 a day for the reat of the drive. | ments; and she-herself, relying on ,int-

There is not one member of the com-
mittee who is going to stand by -and
see the board miss its goal this
afternoon there is going to be a,

of all the team captains at the rd
Tooms at,5 o'clock, when new ways and

means will be devised to put over the/| Way.

New York real estate men's part in
financing the big job Unele Sam has
undertaken. ~ >

Last night the total subscriptions stood
at $1,279,450 an a result of $105,650
having been faken in during the’ day.

But yesterday was.an exception. sSub-
scriptions not ig nearly so good
for several Gaye. 8. W. Straus & Co.,

jortgage bankers, made yesterday's bi
total possible by purchasing through

$50,000 worth of

perl Estate Board
nds, New. York's portion of a large
subscription placed-in various citi,
Cushman & Wake@eld bought $5,000 of
bonds and an unnamed subscriber :
$20,000 worthy — co } 2
So far 972 perapns and concern ve
subscribed through the board; but neither
total of subscribers nor amount syb-
scribed come up to the ex tions of
Alfred EF Marling, chairman of
board's Liberty Loan’ Committee, of
what the real estate men, of New Yor!
can and will do. Mr. Marling thinks
@ total™to date is-very good, but lest
his fellow workérs and other members
of the real estate fraternity ‘think it is
all thet is expected Mr. Marling . is
urging them ta remember that “good ig
the enemy of best.” :

WOMAN MADE BANE DIRECTOR.

Mrs. Carrie B, Bain’ Takes Pough-
keepsie Post Hesband ‘Hind.

PovohkusPsts, April 34.—Mrs. Carrie
Belding Bain, widow of Horatio N. Bain,
for many years proprfetor of the Nelgon
House here, secretary of the. Hudson
River Driving Park
prominent as a horseman, to-da? was
elected a member of the board of di-
rectors of the Merchanta National Bank
here to take the place of her husband.

Mrs. Bain accepted the post and says
she will actively serve as a irector.,
Mr. Bain was a breeder of fine horges
and his stock for many years carried
off blue ribbons at the horse show in
New York. i

The Nelson House was sold by Mra.
Rain a few days ago to
of Millbrook for $228,000.

 

 

  
 
    
 
 
 
     
     
    
  

     
 
  
  
  
   
  
  

  
    
  
 
  
 
 
  

By the Righ® Hes. Sir Frederick | bers” and it
; my formance

ada and ail transiation righte reserved.)

what Toronto. has

obvious that the dependents of Canadian | then went t.

soldiers were in man A arco on me the
financial help, the ci
have
able

Bart, in — to eit a a Union), at a time when I was 4 ‘mod-
@ aggregate pesult of these four great | erate sized boy i afin,
offorts Way a eum of $9,793,000. , ane Sm, ‘snd

Grants in.at
above funds to the amount of $6,000,000. | school in my
To this must Be

In Order to
nificance of
pointed dut that the population of To-| ford aud Cambridge.

    
     

    
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
   
  

    
   
  

    
  
   

     

  
  
    

 

 

   
   
  
  
   
   
    
  

    
 
  

 

  
   
  

‘Tittle islands, And mu.

Association and.

Walter ‘veri! | only hope is a drawing Yoom car. Fall-

  
 
 

Tages:

    
    
 

    
 
  

    

  

>.

"|SAYS DEFERRED TAX
WOULD MEAN BONDS

HAS 700 GRADUATES) xitchin rxpiaine Refusal to
Extend. Time.

en ee en

BRITISH, ATTORNEY-GENERAL DISCOVERS. < \QGLETHORPE CAMP
ATES: IN. FIGHTING MOOD

.. NBW UNITED STA Moe

  

 

Right Honorable,Sir Frederick Smith,
ter, Describes in “My hoe

   
    

 

Many \ New ‘Yorkers Ameng Speciat Despatch to Tae Suv.

 

; ee ‘Th is Wasninaton, @April ’34.—Disclosing
arm ed Country, ; 4 Men Who Qualify for that Administratign leaders oppose a

ay RPE 3s 2S as ' ® plan Chai Kitelin of the Ways

ae = 1. Commissions. : and Means Committee made public to-

7 day a form letter he has addressed to

those who have advocated fegisiation
providing for the payment in instalments
of income and excess profits taxes.

The Democratic floor leader says he
personally approved a concession of this
sort, but after conference with the Gec-
retary of the Treasury the sugsestion ‘se
not deemed practicable.

“To extend Yhe time fd | er denne 5
these taxes only means
will have to.Jesue that many more bonds
in order to meet its obligations coming
due June 15,” said Mr. Kitchin. “It
also Wass the amount of money avail-
able for use by the Secretary of the
Treasury uncerthin and might place the
Federa) Government in a very hasard-

ALL TO BE LIEUTENANTS

 

e. but| List of Greater City Men Who
Passed Training School

Test.
—

Fort Ooternonrs, Ga., April 24.— More
than 700 have qualified at ‘the
third seriés of officers training schools
here for appointment as Second Lieuten-
ants. ’ \

A list of the graquates who will be

and
6 city
at

  
    

id have by

‘ matting we left for our car,
mong Bem Hughes joined
us, also Kile way to Ottawa. The
Governor-General travelled by the same

  
   
     
    
  
  
  
 

4 ales cane a ny on commmisajoned as gulpable Yaererer rca: oun personally ing that the time of
talked to all hetrs. | ba 5 confains the names of the following, men payment a oF extended I have had

 

several conferences with the Secretary
of the Treasury witir referencé to this
matter and after ca all phases
of the matter we have co that it

we Oe Oe er nae tt Oae o 00m
2ts | Goveénment to extend the time of such
Jersey | paymen : NN

 

trom 5 @ vicinity and th
: branch yf fa ‘saryite tor Wnien they
have bien 3

* Abbie Anhalt, ‘New (York ‘city, infantry;
mocha AD
Alegande

   
  

LIQUOR CHEAPER IN

Gy —_—— u
At, Gam me Times Gevernmen
Get Mere Revenue.

at A:
Spectal Cade Despatch to Tus fon.
¢ Lownow, April, 24.—The public is de-

  
  

maondous

saane atte orittotem t
¢ weld be etlent.

Britatm’s ‘ if ae

  
  
  
 
   

 
 

r, New York city, infantry;
. Baltser, Brocka. field

tillery; Frank 5B. Banks, Brooklyn,
artillery; eps W. Barnetorff,

  

 

 

   
  

.

te, f

eae TE ante H. Ba “If a business concern bes a “a
Ee eRe ut ety,” | :, | ment contract and if really

ang corte i’ wom York city, |@ service yseful to the conduct of the

war and if Buch concern cannot get re-

¥.)Rebted, with & master stroke by. the
; Exgthequ ” Delenanty, Broskiyn,
ler, fos antes 7 New | tief through its bank I think that in

nee¥or fangy: Joseph F.
id tillery; Arthur O. Dobson,
ye pilen, increasing the te 4 Nn} York city. etanter; Wilson L. Eyre.,, New

 

 
  
   
 
 
 
   
 
 

 

such a cane the war finance corporation

 
  
 
 

Rothelle, infantry; ‘Otto Feiga ew York

 

 
 

 

 

} 3.66° and at the
modern | szing prices § ~¢ the public m buy } ity. igfentry; Meorge E. h, Jersey | when organized.will give rellef if neces-
épirite thea §0‘per cent.!. The un- ey Wests dnteatry Wilite afa- | sary,”
ir prices for spirits during the ank A. Gebo, New York c@y, field ar- ee
shag beer ng lesg‘than | tiilery; Simon Goldberg, New York city, BILL KILIS SUBSCRIPTIONS.
|. ow grade wh erpitiy: Edward H. Grundler, New
iow ork weit lahat Vredecich ‘ts: Mest Ald Red C as Ine
Headley, Jersey ‘Ch » fel _erelllery ; Fred (Bankers Maj Lt aes
Sw Rochelle, field ar ~ dividuals?

Wasninoton, April 24.—A bill au-

irs re . M 2, Elmhurst,
i 1 ¥in ; Harry” Kellerman,
. ih Klein, | horising national ks to subscribe to

rk “city, artillery; Josep
field artill

 
 
 

New York city,

 

 

 

  
 

; : ; ~ ' ‘Vv hr, Haddonfield, N. J the American National Cross was
Smith, Attorney-General of a : lord "Andrew 3. Lord. Pat practically killed in the House to-day
when a filibuster against it became im-

Bagilanéd.
(Copyright United States and.Can-

   

ft erson,
arthiefy:, William J. McCarthy.
scale. | city ‘Fara artillery; Frank
York, city,” infantry; David. "
bba perry, » Y. infantry; Jose
netere, Brookiy' in fa) tra: Haro!
Univer sii, avige Ww ork che
‘ . Murray, "Ne oF’
CHAPTER XI. (Comtineed.) pay ds, clage . | Fhomas A. Neville, New | Yor

All the cities of; Cans@a have Fred, D. Platt,
n A. Reftly,

y. | miffent. Representative Phelan for the
'M. | Banking and Currency Commi with-
W. | drew a request for the consideration of
the bill, and this committee will probably
have no more time on the” Wednesday
calendar for the remainder of the ses-

sion,
(m.) © and

  
  

 

 

 

 

  
  
 

  
 
  
 
 
    
  
 
 
   
  
  
   
   
  
 
 
  
  
   
 
 
 
 
 

Brooki7e
Brooklyn, field
uis Rosenweig, New ~ York
James eedy, Brooklyn,
mith, New York city,
ward f.> Spearman,
uis, Steinberg, Nie

N. Steyne, New

   

‘ 3p Representatives Madde;
Walsh (Mass.), Republicahs, fillbustered
on the bill preceding ‘the Red Crogs
measure, but it was generally under-
stood their opposition a ee

| prevent-the calling up to-day o t-
Lisson Fa es G. Tea, | ter bill. After this bill wae withdtewn

tailers already are trying to get ‘the
tariff amended.» ~

45 CHILDERN §AVED AT FIRE.

Rechester x Asviem Attendants
mad Daring Reecees.

Rocnssrern, April 24.—Herolem of
attendants saved forty-fivé children

 
        
     

itv, infantry;
| felaoney Henry \M.

 
   

material which,

ghowed us unle
Ggne I seléct it to

| Varsity buildings, which -were ‘

tablet in the entranve hall re-
he long list.of the fallen. We

   

    

   

eld artillery; Moa

  
 

Rrooklivn, Infaatry;
York city, infagtry: Ala
York city, Geld artillery: William H. Swan-

 
 

 

ober, .1914, when it Became corded ¢

 
 

    
   

    
     
       
      
 

  

  

cases in need of | gean; H. T. 8. Duckworth. Years

ns of Toronto fs d been the head boy. at Birken-
sied themselves in making a suit | head School (under the Rev. A. Sloman,
rovision. They have carried on/ the editor of Terence, onve master of

her, PoughBeevsie, infantry; m B. | the other measure was allowed to pass.
wa Opposition on both sides was in pros-
pect had the Banking Commitee
sisted on corsideration of the Red Cross

en
w York city. fleld artillery: May-
w York city. field
Witors.

  
  
   
     

  

 

na ly Wh
; art!)
stone,

Ite,
Thomas

 

    

      
    
  

. ‘. ¥., infant ls i.
four ‘campaign 5 in the last of which I| the Queen's scholars at. Westminater,* {from death or serious injury to-day | work cits, fled. artillery: fisrold''B, | bill. ‘This opposition was predicated on
Wi na’ ou, ra sma ° re . Fon, u range, je’ ar ery, an 6
fortu gh to and an ex-president of the Oxford Sachsetae Soctae ? te the Proventie of ry CO. Founp, Sre New Tork cits, neia | the theory that national banks as jn

  
  

7 stitutions should not use their funds for
subscriptions to the Cgoes but such

5 ae \ subscriptions should be made by indi
1g» i?
FOE'S’*POWDER PLANTS RUINED. | Viduai stockholders:

ariillery>), .

   

Cruelty to Children. When a count
showed six little ones to be missing the

  

In ad-| H. a very small one.. I. remember that

   
 

ition to thig. the citizens of Toronto | Duckworth gained @‘ postmastership at| attendants -saved forty-five children

have con to the British and | Merton College (where I was. day to | made their way back &nd returned with The bill recently introduced in-tite
allied Red Cross and relief funds $3,-/| be a don), and that agurwsht he was the children. Some were ill at the «hoe. Two Destroyed at Glasenbach, | Senate by Sénator Owen authorised na-
077,000. The: City Council has made | placed in the first class,. bx mods The shelter was damaged to the ek- tional banks “toWcontribute;"to the

  

With Heavy Casualttes.

tent of $20,000.
F ’ Qoxvon. April 84.—German newspa-
Tar and Feathers for Wife Reater. |per# received at-Zurich say that two

fd, of ong or other of the|and gteats. He was the show American Red Cross out ‘any net
profits otherwise available upaer tne iaw

for the aration of dividends such

re at
young days. We had'a
i ax long talk ebout olf times. I reminded
to ¥. M. C. A. in| him that ehortly after

  

 

the Jocal gxpen-

diture upon the Pe the upper Br aMTON, April 24.—A mob early | lar . sum or si as the directors of said as-
Non. * 5 e wder factories at Gl bach, > ”

France, amo to $500,000, The |rixth, reduced in numibets, consisted of | this “morning ‘abducted Chris Dorsis, | near Salzburg, 156 miles noathwest of | 2ciation shall deant éxpedient.” .

amasing. totat,@f all these contributions | five boys ‘only, . 1m four—his:+@ Greek proprietor of a candy store | Vienna, have been destroyed, accerd- ee eee

amounts t less . than - $19,370,000, | brother, I. Duck h, W. Patter-| at Endicott, a suburb, carried hima ,& Louistana Senator Takes Oath.

y }ing to a despatch to the Exchange Tele-
automobile into. the country, st @raph Company from Switzerland.

tarred and feathered him and turned; Tho explosions, which are believed to
him loose. Dorsis was on hail pending | have been case by incendiaries, are
ezgmination on a charge of wife beating, {said to have resulted in heavy caualties.

reciate,.the full sig-|%0n, C. T. Wood and If—all, sub-
_figures_it must be|@equently obtatned fellowships. at \Ox-
-We agreed this
, go| must rather be a secord, even for the
Ge ame! enone The fi doy was
AF. n, who went ¢o ity Col- : (Un Ae eee ee >

WASHINGTON, April 24.—Walter Gyion,
Democrat, named to fill the unexpired
term of the late @enator Broussard of

ronto consista .of 473,000 Louisiana, took his oath of office to-day.

that, the city has contributed néarly $40,
or £8, per head of the population, includ-

        

   
 

ing every man, woman and child in To- lege, Cambridge, as a, r This ie a * o f =, sual,
fined, aig‘ att att "at | ome agerrel th wt (Wha have, fort | gy Brake Bee
a f ' ee 5
$20,000 each; making in all $1,200,099, | gotten (Meir own: dye and IBES : ake L re-
nas “aiteaty disbursed. to fry of reviving these fugitive, esate LT] LOS Br e ng p
* e' . e a \

We rere siliea ‘
makitig a ‘of $3,998,060. the gwo
Great totals, a8 given above, be .
it #yill be found that the total contribu

tion to the war of this astonishing city
amounts to $33,268,000, or nearly $50,
or £10, per head of the population.

And the effort is as surprising if it i
tested By the Agures of volsiiese 2
ments. The nurAber of volunteers from
Torento was 60,000, from the county of
York, 20,000; or 80,000 in al¥. And the
Toronto contribution ome out at one
in nine of the population of the city.

aii hceinse|* 1" “avents apealents. ft protects you,
ermight come in thereat your farajly, and your valuable motor car.

public might come in afterward. mas |

      
     
   
   

 

galleries were qgite full and the bedy
of tite hat! packed... The chairman’ told
me: that it’ wap’ the largest gatbefing
in the history of th club. mons |
thove- present were the Premier’ of the!
prayinct, Sir Willigin Hearat : the Liew: |
tern veriior, Sir William Mulock;
Chief tice Paloonbridge the Attornes-
meral and Gen. Sir Sam Hughes. “Hé
as always a faithful oe

 

"This. superior ‘brake lining grips the
wheels’ with a’ certain sureness when-
J ever the' brakes are applied. It re-

 
  
  
   

  
   
   

 

   
  
   

A further illustration is afforded by

the record of the University of Teron Wee tac a very otten, a “ ¢ wt ° 7 tel t aa =

From first to last there have serv + nof him 'for two yea: ds immedia

with the forces, of the graduates and’| and had a iong talk with: him about spon ‘ y 0 your convenience
undergraduates of the university, 3,000 | Canadian Politics and Canadian mili-! 3s ‘ :

‘ary aghice me is, I are hal ‘a tona-

jemy. can ‘on! of his
afmplicity and @delity in fri ip. Ne
one has aan dented that he ®
rugged and moat striking personalfty.
And all his @fe he has devoted himeelt

officers and_1,500 men. The profeesor of | ¢
architegtur a major of infantry, who
has been wounded after, . Ore servi

-or Recessity.

 

 

in the trenches, There have nm will
service 830;
550 have been wounded, missing or have

Make sure that your car is equipped

: 3|t? arms 4nd the empins.. ¥ ze : ; Sons
wained “tte” Victor crows “Ma. $30) Seen wrong uven many'shall oom, but! With,’ Multibestos — the brake, hning

honors of diffgrent kinds hate been won
by members. of the university. .

I cannot resist in thjs .conngction 5

quoting from & letter written to Briton! . T also mer John Carrick, whom I had
Blylere by the Mte Rrofessor Goldwin last seen as a Colonel, on the Canadian
oa i teen's staff in France. At. our -lag meeting

“Canada never has given, and never |e. I, Lord Beaverbrook &nd—bdy.-a co-

- incidence—the Colonel of this tour,

argued gbout ghe length Af the war

(how wrong we all were!) at the Hotel
de Commerce St.. Omer early in: 1915.

I spoke for t forty minutes, leav-
ing toe Juncheon table with the chairs
to & moral certainty terminate the polit- | T for that purpose and mounting the
leak connediiah. aad in’ « Yor? -aabappr platform. I spoke almost entirely abdut

a what Canada had done in the war. The
Mr. Haultain, the editor of the pro- subject, inexhaustible to an English-
man, Was a weleome change to myself’
ree ace: ‘tHe’ tiaw  farc—very after so many eeches addresned to
res id have found it easier audiences in the United States upon a
. | tonic which wo fa¢ as my resources went

T had completely exhausted.

After lunch Carrick took me to Sir
Donald Mann. vice-president of the
Canadian rthern Taithway Com
1 had hoped"to see Sir William McKen-
*armie# of Canada | #!¢, but We wan out. ‘gir Donald,
oe of which nearly | hospitable, gave me some cigars. We
inclyding those of gen- hada good talk with him about the

war and the future Gevelopment of Can
ada, a subject upon which-he is, as one
would expect, extraordinarily ‘well in-
formed. Al}l te domestic servants are |,
Chinese, * od F

point where pbilofophers and statesmen
have been wrong as

which . never fails in tight places. |
When you-see the Multibestos poster in
your dealer's window you will know that
‘ * he is doing all he can
to insure your safety.

perial pretection, is totally without the
means of defence. In case of war she
woyld be a dead. weight im England's
arms. In fact a maritime war would

Qa

  

a ane ene — - ---

feseor's “Correspondence,” says of him STANDARD WOVEN FABRIC CO.
far.” ; J

to support this claim if he had sup WALPOLE, MASS.
pressed all. the professor's {11 natured ‘
and extremely inaccurate ictions as
to Canada,

It must never be forgotten that the
splendid military distinction which has
been gained

as fallen

1 thé offi
eral rank, are Ccivillana I do not knéw
how many - brigadiers there are in th
British army who. were not regular sol-
dieps when the war broke out; and I
am told that in thé whole British army :
no rank superior to that of brigadier ia} In the afternoon the/bar of Toronto |-
held by any: amateur soldier or civilian. | had arranged & ption at Osgood |
I have never heard it suggest airs This was the first occasion? on

pany.
moet

the armies of Canada arq not com- {Which as attorney f met Canadian law-
petently } With the exception of thé] yers. Thére ware many present whom |
highes: command of all, the generals of T had Jed, in the Privy Council, and |
Canada are lawyers, editors, mén of |some who In the old days had led me.
Luainess or real estate deaiersa-g AndiThe treasurer of the Saari pre-
these have confronted on equal terms | sided. He is a fine old man, \80 years
the instructed profticts of Yhe mogt|°f age. There was a very e at-
acientific military school imthe ‘world. | tendance. The president introduced me
And they have not suffered by compagi-|to the members collectiyely.” In, the
gon with thelr British colleagues. middle of his speech eome | ent
In the face of effosts ‘such T haye| Person would catch his epe, Ra’
the attractive simplicity of an old and

attempted to i » and which cou
be paralleled in other parts of. the Do- | courteous gentleman he broke off to call |
minion, langusse of acknersedewent ig him up to be preseMed. I made a
useless, nglishmen afe proud, speech all about law. Very dull. But
rightly @roud, of the: supreme exertions |I made it, I think, toward the close
made at the crisis of Ea fate by these | arresting by telling them of the num-
ing upon ‘ the | bers of English lawyers who had fought

incomparable efforts made by thatjand diced in the war, and of the long
daughter, who is yet “mistress in. her | list of, honors which they had won.
own house,” we may exclaim: But here’ they had their own record.
“Mater pulchra filia pulchrior.” Afterwards I wag introduced individ-

™ \
Our new car among other comforts | ually to many of the judges and leading
contains a bath. I cannot imagine why | members of the bar. Judge McLaren of |
every private car does not ponsess a | the Appeal Court, aleo a veteran, told
shower bath.* Apparently all Ministere| me that when he firet appeared befure :
of importance in Canada are allowed a | the Privy Counef] he was junior to Ben-

private travelling car, which must be | Jamin and when he last appeared leader | ,

a considerable comfort. It costs one|'0, Haldane. A remarkable record. i

in the Stated thirty ordinary] fares to | ™éant.to ask him but forgot how the ; °

take a private car. Not more than .board wae constituted on his firat ap- '

four or five can be comfortably stowed | pearance, © ,

away, so that'the exceas cost is very We dined at Government House, be:

considerable. fore the large meeting at Masees~ Hall, : -
If one cannot tfke a private car the |————

*I shall be forgiven for recalling he:
how much I owed as ’
and inspiration. 6 bev (9 Be Wweening

a a

 

STANWAL °
PRODUCTS

4 improved efficiency is a pa ‘
Bvery track and passenger car pu

 
 
   

ing. that one reposes, in the indiacrim-

 

Section of tradgaseé tragic.
‘ ¢ [ ,

4 “ee

~

   

in- |

  

 
 
 

 

WHITMAN BARS
_ GERMAN PAPERS

Advises Election Boards Not
to Advertise Lists in En-
‘emy Language Press,

—_—

, Special LeepatcA to Tas Sc
ALBanr, April 34.—Gov. Whitman hae
advised local Boards of Elections not t»
advertise fists of polling places in news.
papers printed in the German language,
The Governor's adniOnition was made
when he signed Senator Walters's bill
Generally amending the election law to.
day. The bill. provided for the repet;.

 

{ion of an old section of the law relating

to the publication of such lists, which
says: “One of which newspapers may
be a daily newspaper published |; the
German language.”

“Many of the amendments made by

this bilt are necessary on account of the
recent suffrage amendment to the Con.
atitution,” says Gov. Whitman. “It is to
be regretted. the provision referred to
was aot stricken out. Publication in
such @ r is not mandatory, and tt js
to be thet the Board of Elections
will not avail itgelf of the privilege of
publishing the lists in such paper. The
objectionable provision would atill be the
law if this bill were vetoed and its ap.
proval does not give added force or efferr
to the provision. Unfortunately It is not
in my power to remove the objectionable
provigion.”

Thé Walters bill perfects the election
law to provide for w®men voters. To
entitle it to @ place pn the ballot a party

reafter must poll 15,000 instead of

0,000 votes for Governor.

The ‘bill frees women from the neces.
sity of telling their exact age but pro-
vides that electors when they register
may declare that they are more than
age. If they are under 30

must be given.

In registering election officers are re.
quired to give a married woman's lega!
name without the prefix of “Mrk." or her
Qusband's initials.

Proof of citisenship by marriage {s
also required. The redistricting of elec.
tion districta to take care of the in-
creased number of voters caused by gen-
eral suffrage ia provided for, to be oper.
ative after registration period.

In New York city four additional in-
wpectora are to serve in each election
district after the closing of the polls to
canvass the vote. This !s an efperiment
devised by New: York city Republican
leaders. Fresh officials do the counting
and secure an earlier result than is pos-
sible at present.

 

Elisabeth Against Alien Press,

The Wontan’s Club of Elizabeth, N. J,
through its chairman of the Civic Board,
Mrs, Helen Haines Woodruff, a writer,
has forwarded resolutions to Mayor Vic.
tor Mraviag requesting the city council
to stop the sale of German language
papers in Elisabeth. The Home ‘juard
{s expected to Join in the appeal. Eliza-
beth has a large German population
Mayor Mraviag is of Austrian birth.

N. Y. Syatem for Blind French.

Parts, April 24.-—French electrical
works have arranged to employ men
who Hnve been blinded in the war to
wind armatures, after the system of
Schtiyler Wheeler of New York. it is
also understood that the syatem will be
introduced in fEngland, for which pur-
pose Mr. Wheeler will go to that coun-
try.

  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 
      
   
   
     

thie year improves eMfcioney —reileving con-
Drive your car.