“vol. LXVIL—NO. 360,

—————™ - =
BOXER ARMY NEAR PEKIN,
CHINESE courRT SAID re BE ONLY
eronTy MILES TO THE soUuTH,

 

 

oer Pro-Forelgn Members of the Teang-ll-
Temes Heheaded Before the Empress and
fer Followers Hled Toward Pao-ting-fe
forty American Clyilians to Start From
pekin Under Escort for Tientsia~Troops
Guarding Part of the Chinese City—Cavatry
Patrolling the Hines of Commanication.

Spectal Cable Dpatehes to THE SUN
From @ Staff Correspondent

Pesin, Aug. 18, via Taku, Aug. 24, and Shang-
hai, Aug. 25.—At @ conference of the foreign
Ministers and the commanders of the various
troopa to-day ft was decided to assign certain
parta of the city to each nation for police pur-

_ The Americans were assigned to guard
the southwestern part of the Chinese city. They
will issue a proclamation calling upon the resi-
genta to return to their work and upon the bust-
ness men to open up their stores.

There has been bo shooting going on, but
the Japanese and Russians have captured
great quantities of stores and coin.

It is rumored that an army of Boxers ia just
outeide the city. The telegraph line between
Pekin and Tung Chow is reported to have
The American and other cavalry

r

been cut.
will patrol the lines of communication here-
after

PrKIN, Aug. 19, morning, via Taku, Aug. 24,

and Shanghai, Aug. 26.—It is now known that
four of the Yamen Ministers and one court
official were beheaded during the siege be-
cause of their foreign sympathies.

The Chinese court ts now stationed at Pree-
tiayeru (probably Pao-ting-fu, eighty miles
south of Pekin).

Forty American civilians with an army escort
wil start for Tientsin.

ANXIBTY OF THE POWERS.

 

What Attitade Will Germany and Russia Take
in Chtoa?
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,

Lonpon, Aug. 25.—The feature of the Chinese
situation which chiefly puzzles Europe is the
absence of all authentic accounts of the attempts
to seize the legations during the two months
that they were practically cut off from com-
municatioa with the world, There can be no
doubt that silence on the part of the correspond-
ents who are now sending news of the day-to-
day events in Pekin ls compulsory. It is not
easy, however, to understand the reasons why
the allied commanders have forbidden the
transmission of news which, more than any»
thing else in recent history,appeals to the world’s
interest

Anxiety as to the policy of the respective
Powers, or rather two of them, increases as
the prospect of exp®nsive military operations
diminishes, Russia and Germany arf, of
course, the nations whose attitude or posalble
attitude arouses apprehensions, The (Conti-
nent perhaps would say that Great Britain
is the only legitimate object of suspicion, but
it can be said without hesitation that no Power
which hasn't great and rapacious ambitions
of its own in the Far Rast has any reason to
fear the English policy, In other words, Great
Britain has no selfish designs whatever in China
unless the time comes when she will be unable
to prevent the dismemberment of the empire.
In the latter case England will try to get all she
ean, and it is useless to deny that she is mak-
ing certain preparations for that oontingency.

Another elemer( of the situation has developed
which is causing uneasiness in Great Britain.
it proves unfortunately that the death of King
Humbert is likely to have an important effect
on international polley. It threatens indeed
to place the Italian foreign policy in the virtual
control of the German Emperor, and this may
have far reaching consequences. King Em-
manuel IIL regards his great ally as the personi-
fication of wisdom, and will, there is reason to
believe, follow him blindly. William is aware
of the young King’s hero worship and will
utilize it for the good of Germany and inciden-
tally, no doubt, for the benefit of Italy where
the two interests do not clash.

It is known that Field Marshal Count von
Waldersee, when in Rome, delivered to the King
6 letter from the Emperor in which the Kaiser
was good enough to set forth what he thought
should be the course of the Powers in China.
The King accepted the letter as a delicate oom-
pliment and is subsequently reported to have
made these remarks:

“Germany is the only Power which has a
definite determined policy toward China. For
the moment the German programme contem-
Dlates no new enterprise necessitating the
despateh of further armed forces. If Germany
should at any time decide it to be necessary
© augment the troops or naval force in China
we will follow her example. That is Italy's
tafe and proper policy.”

The world will have to wait for events to de-
Yelop the Emperor’s policy, but it may be re-
Garded as ceriain that it includes the determi-
nation not to allow Japan, as @ yellow Power, to
obtain substantial advantages from the Chinese
chaos, Russia has already got Manchuria and
the Kaiser is not likely to interfere with an ac-
eomplished fact, but there he thinks territorial
“égrandizements should stop. He hopes that
Within a year order will be reéstablished in
China, and pending this, he thinks that certain
well defined areas should be occupied by the
\nternational foreea, but he does not see any
Necessity for Japanese troops remaining in
China, and he disputes almost fercely England's
—* paramount influence in the Yangtse

*

Former Premier Crispi is greatly perturbed
over the present international eutlook coupled
with the young King’s complaisance toward
the Kaiser, fe declared yesterday that the
Italian Foreign Office for four years had been
playing the wrong cards, All efforts seemed
to be devoted not only to maintaining the
Triple Alllance but also to currying favor
Vit. France. The result was that the alliance
vith England practically ceased to exist while
nO corresponding advantage was gained from
France. All the Powerg had made great blun-
ders in China but the greatest was made by
Italy when she renounced her claim to San-
mun Bay after demanding it in the face of
the whole world,

CHINESE COURT'S FLIGHT.

Started Toward Pao-ting-ta Three Days Before
the Allies Arrived.
“pecial Cable Despatch to THE SUN.
. Loxpon, Aug. 25.--A despatch to the Central
‘ews from Pekin which came by way of Taku
8 Aug. 28 says it has been definitely ascere
tained that the Empress Dowager and the
fntire suite of the Imperial Government have
fled in the direction of Pao-ting-fu. Three
days before the arrival of the allies it was dee
tided to abandon Pekin and establish a Manchu
Capital in the interior. The Forbidden city way
therefore evacuated and the Imperial palace
Was at last abandoned. The Chinese troops
destroyed the Property of the native Christians
o to the entry of the allies and murdered
Inmates of the missions. They did not
won the relatives of the leaders of the
ene W ho were fighting the foreigners

Another rumor that the Emperor and the
a Dowager and the Imperial Court
b been captured by the Japanese comes
¥ way of Shanghai, but Joes not deserve

—

a 109 P. M., 5:30 and 9:20 P. M.
s°5> of these hours a splendid fast train leaves
Seeoual ge by the New York Central,
end Big Pour for 8t. Louis. here is no

Service or more comfortable route. A dn

 

 

cent et ttt

  

 

YORK,

confirmation from other

~NEW

crejence without
sources. .

The London Missionary Society has re-
ceived a message from Pekin confirming the
statoments as to the safety of the entire staff

A Berlin despatch to the Central News says
the German Government considers the idea
of an (nternational oonference in regard to
the settlement of the Chinese troubles prema-
ture. The Prussian authorities believe that
a military council should control affairs until
the arrival of Count von Waldersee, supreme
commander of the allied troops in the Far
East.

A despatch from Shanghai says Viceroy
Chang Chin Tung declares that he will resist
any attempt by the Powers to extort territory
from China or interfere with the armies of the
various Viceroys. |

A despatch to Dalziel's News Agency from
Shanghai says the Viceroy of Szechuan has
sent troops to Mongtse to oppose the French

PLAN TO LESSEN GERMAN INFLUENCE,

French Report of an Interaational Commission
to Have Power in China,
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Pants, Aug. 25.—M. Lanessan, the Minister
of Marino, states that, acting on the suggestion
of Gen. Frey, the commander of the French
troops in China, the commanders of the allies
have decided to organize an international com-
miasion sirnilar to that which was established
in Crete, and which will be entirely independent
of Field Marshal Count von Waldersey

Its duties will be to select points in China which
thay serve each Power as a base for provisioning
and equipping ita forces there. For France,
as well as for each of the other Powers, eight
officers will be assigned to this work under the
direction of Cols. Marchand and Desperey
Under this scheme there appears to be no fur-
ther necessity for the organization of a Head-
quarters’ Stall consisting of foreign officers.

The tmpression exists in journalistic circles
here that Gen. I'rey's action is intended to cut
the ground from under ( ount von Waldersee’s
feet.

The news that Belgium is not going to send
a contingent to China causes astonishment
in France. This Government had already
signified its approval of an expedition from
that country and why it was abandened is
not known. It is known, however, that Ger-
many indicated to the Belgian authorities
that it reserved decision regarding the ex-
pedition, but no one believes that Germany
went to the extent of prohibiting it

The absence of Foreian Minister Delcasse
at Foix accounts in a way for the lack of definite
news from the Foreign Office. It is evident,
however, that there is much uncertainty in
official quarters in regard to the intentions
of certain Powers, notably Germany. In fact,
a diplomatist intimated to the correspondent
of THR BUN to-night that certain Powers ap-
peared to have lost their knowledge of the
points of the compass and did not know which
way the wind was blowing.

The correspondent of THR SUN has reason to
believe that France, like the United States, will
adopt a strictly expectant attitude and await
developments. There is some unrest respect-
ing Russia's attitude and Emperor William's
manifest intention of flirting with the Czar.
England's apparent willingness to accept a
seoondary role has a tendency to increase
French uncertainty and is taken as an indi-
cation that the Kaiser's forwardness is
prompted from London.

The continued silence of M.
French Minister at Pekin, is inexplicable.

A leading diplomatist said to-night about the
Belgium affair: “Belgium ought to send troops
to China to protect its own interests. It is
more than likely that the Powers will send
contingents to protect and safeguard the
properties of various nations in different parta
of China. belonging to the citizens of these na-
tions. The Franco-Belgian railway from Pekin
to Hankow, of which 100 miles north of Hankow
and 100 miles south of Pekin had already been
constructed, though the latter part has prob-
ably been destroyed by the Boxers, will have
to be protected. Are we to undertake this
whole duty without any aid from Belgium?
Moreover, the guaranteed neutrality of the
Furopean States codéperating in China can only
produce good and peaceful results.”

The Foreign Office hag received the follow-
ing despateh from Gen. Frey, commander of

the French forces in China, under date of Pekin,

Aug. 2: “The allies have occupied several)
|
|

Pichon, the

positions around the palace in which there
are several regular Chinese commands. It
has been decided that the allies shall continue
to surround the palace, the gates of which are
closed.”

BLACK FLAGS

 

MARCHING NORTH,

 

.
Devastating Villages on Their Way~Disorder
in Sonth China Continues
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Hono Kono, Aug. 25.—Outrages in the southern
provinces continue. The Christian station
et Yungiak was destroyed on Aug. 21 and the
native Christians were made prisoners and
toruired, The mob demanded a ransom of
244 taels for each prisoner. Several English-
speaking natives who were prisoners were be-
headed
coming :

The Black Fiags are marching on Pekin
and are devastating the districts on their way.

because the ransom was not forth-

CONTROL OF CHINESE FINANCES

The ‘‘Cologne Gazette'’ Supports the Plan ef
International Administration.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.
CoLoonk, Aug, 26.—The Cologne Gazette to-
day comes out as an advocate of international
contro] of the administration of China, and
the collection of a war indemnity of many
hundred millions of taels. It says the adinin-

id have unlimited power to super-

istrators sh
financial system.

vise the ent

SAYS ALLIES SHOULD LEAVE PEKIN,

Russian Paper Belleved to Speak for High
Diplomatic Aathority.

Special Cable Deapaich to THE SUN.

St. Pererspora, Aug. 26.—The Vedomoati,
a reliable newspaper, which as a rule voices
the general feeling in high diplomatic circles,
says the retirement of the troops of the aliies

from Pekin after having liberated the lewation
people and other civilians would facilitate the

progress of the peace negotiations,

Hospital Ship Maine at Hong Kong.
Special Cable Despatch to TUR SUN.
Hone Kono, Aug. 26.—The hospital shi

Maine arrived here to-day. Allon board were
weil.

 

HIT BY SHOT AIMED AT A JAILBIRD.

 

Kecape of Three Prisoners From Elmira Re-
formatory Follewed by an Accident.

Fimrra, Aug. 25—Three prisoners escaped
from the reformatory to-day and were captured.
Harry Fuller, a citizen, ware shot by a guard
who was after the fugitives He will recover.

Three other prisoners a& week
and are still at large.

ago

 

Killed by Lightning.

Pont Jervis, N. ¥., Aug. 25.--A heavy thun-
derstorm passed over Sussex county, N. J,
to-day. The lightning struck and burned the
barn of Gideon Kinney, adjoining Beemer

h at Beemerville, twelve miles from here.
Spare Shoemaker of Biate All, N. Y., bad just
driven his team into the barn and was standing
in the open deorway with aboy when the bolt
struck the building. shoemaker wa. instanuy |
killed, but the boy escaped injuries. Two
horses were niso killed.

The Pearty L strs or she |

of X. Bazi \'s Shaving Cream shows its fine quality.
Cheap creams always lack this lusire.--Ade

 

   

SUNDAY, At
i FOLLY OF BRITISH RULE.

 

  
 

GUST 26, 1900.-

SCANDALS ARK PILING UP NOW
SOUTH AFRICA,

IN

Shooting of tieat, Cordua Condemnmed asa
Stupid Blander-Lured On to Break His
Parole by a British Secret Service OMicer
Methods of the Department Exposed by
The San's Representative at Pretoria.

Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN,

Tonpon, Aug. 25.—It is impossible longer to
ignore the grave mistakes, not to say the scan-
dalous folly, of the British management in
South Africa since the capture of the Boer
capitals, The inaptitude of a large majority
of the British officers is not only freely con-
fessed, but is almost a matter of pride among
Englishmen, who complacently take oredit to
the country for “muddling through somehow.”

But England claims superiority, if tn naught
else, in her skill in placating and administering
conquered countries, and it is directly cone
nected with this feature of her self: assumed
task in South Africa that scandals of the gross-
est description are arising. No details of these
things have as yet been allowed to reach the
British public. The reason for this is two-
fold. First, not a word bearing on the subject
has been allowed to pass the inexorable cen-
sorship and the mail is the only channel of
communication, and second, such a peculiar
condition of public sentiment has been worked
up by politicians and others that any news
paper which dared to undertake an exposure
would be instantly accused of sedition or a
lack of patriotian:.

The only hint, indeed, in the public prints
has been a brief despatch from Natal, stating
that a large number of UVitlanders had united
in a protest against the character of the civilians
who had been delegated to perform local of-
ficial functions in that colony, Some idea of
what this means to Natal may be gained from
one of the many instances in the Orange River
colony. A civilian was selected in Bloemfon-
tein by the British authorities to decide what
residents could be properly intrusted with
military passes. This functionary was a con-
victed murderer just released from jal. Come
plaints of the character of civilians employed
in various capacities and involving more or
less authority in Johannesburg, Pretoria and
other places have been scarcely leas serious,

One charge which will outrage the public
conscience of England deeper than all others
When the truth is made known, is connected
with the methods pursued by the military
secret service, which culminated yesterday
in the execution of Lieut. Cordua. British
officers have descended for the first time to the
use of the French system of agents provocateure,

It is well known that all non-combatant
residents of Pretoria were obliged to take
the oath of neutrality as a price of their liberty
when Gen. Lord Roberts occupied the city
A few days later the British organized a local
spy system to guard against treachery, This
course was proper and legitimate, but instead
of merely investigating and watching, these
agents, many of them the vilest characters
of the Transvaal, began systematically to
propose to citizens, Boers and others, viola
tions of thé oath.

Tare Sun's London office has direct evidence

 

a en

COPYRIGHT, 1900, BY THE SUN PRINTING AND PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION. -THIRTY
| THE EXECUTION ‘ov Lise. CORDUA, | WGUIRE SCENTS TRIC

on this point in the experience of its correspond- |

ent with the Boers, who remained in Pretoria
when that city was taken by the British. He
received a visit from an individual -unhappily

 

Plotter Against the British Met His Death
Bravely.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.
From TH#® SUN'S Correspondent at Pretoria.

Preronia, Aug. 24.-Ideut. Cordua, the
Transvaal artillery officer, who was tried on
charges of being implicated in the plot to kill
British officers and abduct Lord Roberta, and
who was convicted by a court presided over by
Judge Godfrey, was shat, in accordance with
the sentence, thie morning. The ex-Transvaal
officer waa warned last night that the sentence
would be carried out to-day. A obaplain
visited him and remained In the cell all night.

At 7 o'clook this morning, Cordua was
marched to the place of execution, which was
in the garden of the jail, Capt. Barchard
had charge of the firing party of ten men

The prisoner walked to the place assigned him
unaided. He was not bound and he sat in a
chair with his arms folded. facing the garden
wall

He was cool and brave. The warders left
him. The officer ordered the firing party
to take up their arms for a volley. Then came
the other necessary orders, and finally the one

to fire
Iieut. Cordua, who had arisen, fell dead.
Ile was buried in a grave close by. The only

persons present at the execution were Gen,
Maxwell, Col. Maxse, the chapluin, a surgeon
and the firing party

 

BRITISH TAKEN IN AMBUSH,

Boers Kill Fiftees, Wound Fifty-four and Cap-
ture Thirty-three of the Liverpools.
Speciai Cable Despatch to THE SUN

Lonpon, Aug. 25.—The War Office has re-
ceived the following despatch from Lord Rob-
erta, dated Wonderfontein, Aug. 24

“Pole-Carew has occupied Belfast without
opposition. The enemy is holding the ridges
of Belfast and Delmanutha

“Buller is at Leeuwkloof French with four
brigages of cavalry is to the east of Machado-
dorp. Methuen is at Zeerust and in communi-
eation with Carrington -

“Buller bas met with considerable opposition
and his cavalry were nearly ambushed. The
enemy opened at short range with a 15-pounder
and pompoms, but these guns were silenced
by the Twenty-first battery The ambush
failed, and the engagement closed

“While on picket duty, two companies of the
Liverpool regiment advanced 1,500 yards into
a hollow, where it was impossible to see any-
thing. They were surrounded by Boers, and
suffered severely. Their casualties were
thirty-three missing, one officer and fourteen
men killed and three officers and fifty-four men
wounded,”

 

GEN. DE WET CHECKED.

 

Baden-Powell* Tarns Him Mack and Cap
tored All of His Wagons,
Special Cable Despatches to THE SUN.
From THE SUN'S Correspondent at Pretoria.

Preronta, Aug. 24.—Gen. de Wet has been
prevented from joining his forcea with those
of Gen. Botha. Gen. Baden-Powell has headed
off and captured all his wagons.

The Boers are reported to be in considerable
numbers and forming commandos at Lichten-
burg and the Western districts, but they are
said to be short of arms and ammunition

PRETOR'‘A, Aug. 23—CGens Paget and Baden-
Powell attacked the forces of Gen. De Wet
to-day and released 100 Rritish prisoners
They captured fifty Boers and took three gun

a renegade American—who had the hardihood | trains

to suggest the feasibility of a plot to murder
Lord Roberts. Tug Swn's correspondent

The Roers are retrenting to the north
LONDON, Aug. 25--A despatoh from Kroégers-

promptly turned the manoutof the house and | dorp says the British garrison at Banks station
forthwith informed the officer of the Intelli- | Was confronted by a Boer force who commanded

gence Department of the man’s dangerous
character. Nothing was done and the corre-
spondent learned subsequently that the man
was an agent of the departinent.

This policy was continued under the plea that
it was necessary to test the fidelity of the reet-
dents. Lieut. Cordua’s defence was that he
was induced to violate his oath by one of these
agents, and enough evidence was permitted to
reach London to indicate that this was prob-
ably true. Lieut, Cordua was undoubtedly
technically guilty, though the so-called plot
was clumsy and not serious, according to Lord
Roberta's own statement. But what is to be
said of those who, under the excuse of military
expediency, inveigied him to his doom?

There is only too much reason to believe that
these things are typical of another great series
of the blunders, scandals and crimes which
have made South Africa the cockpit of all human
passions since gold and diamonds were dis-
covered there, and for which England will
never be able to escape the chief burden of
responalbility. The latest development seems to
be a 6pecies of exasperation over the continued
resistance of an enemy who refuses to accept
defeat and whose hopeless valor is deemed to
justify a departure from the strict rules of justice
and sound administration. No one will accuse
Lord Roberts personally of any dereliction in
this reeard. The facts furnish merely another
proof of the scandalous incompetency and
stupidity, to use a word which even the Times
does not hesitate to employ, of the average
officer of the British Army.

It ls unnecessary to point out the inevitable
effect of all this upon the Boers and Afrikan-
ders, whom Great Britain expects soon to meta-
morphose into loyal subjects of the Queen.
It is not too much to say that Lieut. Cordua's
fall before the rifles of yesterday's firing party,
instead of proving a salutary warning, will
postpone for many a day the true pacification
of South Africa. In fact, the military situa-
tion itself does not at present hold out much
prospect of a speedy termination of hostilities
in the field, It is true that Gen, De Wet has
been chased out of the Orange River colony,
but is now returning , and though It is reported
that only 300 Boers accompany him, there is
considerable probability that he will again be
joined by the desperate burghers who have
been maddened by the actions of the British.

Meanwhile the military centre of interest
has been transferred to the east and Natal.
Lord Roberts, evidently recognizing the need
of @ real general at the front, has for the first
time since the occupation of Pretoria, left that
immediate neighborhood, arriving at \ onder-
fontein, 112 miles east of Pretoria, on Friday
evening. Belfast, where Gen. Pole-Carew is
stationed, is about thirteen miles further east
and Delmanutha is a few miles northeast of
Belfast. Gen. Buller is at Leeuwkloof, six
miles southwest of Delmanutha, while Gen.
French is east of Machadodorp. This position
of the British troops seems to indicate an at-
tempt to surround the Boers, preventing their
retreat toward Lydenburg.

Two points in Lord Roberts’s despatches are
noteworthy. He says: “There's a welcome
green over the veldt which I hope means that
our riding and transport animals will get graz-
ing shortly; they have fared badly lately.” He
alse says that the advance in which the Liv-
erpools were out up was “by some mistake.”
The censorship does not allow the sending of
full accounts of the operations in Natal, but the
Boers are evidently active in interfering with
the railway, which will greatly inconvenience
the supply system, The reports that the Boers

it is strongly garrisoned.

< zar to Kecetve the Boer Agent,
Speetal Cable Despateh to THE SuN.

Sr. Prererspunc, Ave. 24,— Dr. Leyds, the ,
European Agent of the Transvaal, visited the
Minister o! Foreign Affairs yesterday. He will
have an audienc® with the Czar.

Poland Water Leads Ail,

Prescribed by 6,000 physiclana—ada

| ther to surrender.

 

The garrison declined and
the Boers failed to attack. The deimand is
believed to have been 4 ruse to cover Corm-
mandant De Wet's return to the Orange River
colony.

DEATH SENTENCE FOR A KAPFIR.

 

Shot for Assauiting a Roer Woman -Rigid
Military Rule at Johannesburg.
Special Cadie Despatch to THR SUN.
From THE SUN's Correspondent at Johannesburg.
JOMANNESBURG, Aug. 22.-The High Court,
of which Major O'Brien is President, has tried
272 cases since last June. Fourteen of these
were for murder, eight for criminal assault
and forty-nine for conoealment of arins. In
the case of a Kaffir, convicted of assaulting
a Boer woman, the death sentence was pro-
nounced on Monday. Lord Roberts con-
firmed the sentence yesterday and the man
was shot this morning.
A former zarp (policeman), who was found
guilty of breaking his oath of neutrality in
collecting parties of burghers and leading them

outside the military lines where they could |

join Boer commandos, was sentenced yester-
day to seven years’ imprisonment, Another
charge against him was that he furnished
the Boer commandos with provisions.

The military court is rigidly enforcing the
law and the sentences imposed are very severe.
One good effect of this {s that the illicit liquor
trade has been almoat entirely extinguished

CAPTURED WITH BOER DESPATCHES

 

 

Johaanesbura Chemist Dressed in a British
Uniform When Discovered.

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.
From THE SUN'S Correspondent at Pretoria.

Prerornta, Aug. 24.--RKlee, a Johannesburg
chemist, was Arrested at a point about elght
miles toward Moselekatze Nek to-day. He

was travelling in one of the British ambulances,
He told the driver that he belonged to Roberts's
Horse, that he had been sick and had just been
discharged from the hospital and that he was
anxious to rejoin his regiment.

He was dressed in khaki uniform and thir-
teen despatches for the Boers were found on
his person. He was on his way to see Com-
mandant Grobler when arrested,

The affair is regarded as very serious and
the police are concealing the detalles. The
prisoner admitted that he bought the British
uniform for 40 shillings and said he would
make a clean breast of the whole affair.
BLOW

BOERS OP THE RAILWAY,

Belief That Gen. De Wet Led the Raiding
Force Near Krugersdorp.
Special Cable Des) aich to THR SUN.
From THs SUN'S Correspondent at Pretoria.
Pretoria, Aug. 25.—~A commando of 250
of Theron’s scouts, led, it is thought by Gen.
Christian de Wet, crossed and blew up the rail-
way southwest of Krugersdorp to-day.
Ridley'’s mounted infantry caught two men
from this party as they were crossing the Ma-
aaliesberge Range. They said that the har-
asaing chase by the British during the last two
weeke had greatly exhausted Gen. De Wet's
troops.

CALL IT A BRITISH BLUNDER,

French Condemastion of the Execution of
Lieut, Cordaa,
Special Cable Despatch to THE SuN.
Panis, Aug. 25.-The news of the exeoution

have reocoupied Newcastle are discredited, as | of Lieut. Coriua at Pretoria has had a bad ef-

fect here. It is generally received with exe-
eration of the English, while thoughtful per-
sons say it was one of the stupidest blunders
committed by Great Britain in Bouth Africa.

Arthur Lynch, the former Colonel of the
Irish Transvaal Brigade, has started for the
United States where he will deliver a series of
ectures

 

| @89-—Half Fare to Obtcage and Retarn—e17

via lenis Valley R R.

Pare a sale Aug 26
end 27. ctureaque route.

‘ast train.—Ade.

  

  

 

K

ak

KY,

STATIONERY OF DUMOCRATIC STATE
COMMITTER IMPROPERIY USED.

Hill Men Lured Here by Messages
lt and Then Subjected to Iaducements
Offered by the Croker-Murphy Faction
~MoeGaire Coming Here to Investigate.

 

James K. McGuire, Mayor of Syracuse and
chairman of the Democratic Executive Com-
mittee, will come to this city next Tuesday
evening or on Wednesday morning from Syra-
cuse where he he is now looking after his in-
terests in the primary campaign. When he
gets down here he will begin an investigation
to datermine whether the stationery of the
Democratic State Committee has been im-
properly used by the Croker-Murphy-Sheviin

to induce up-State Democrats to

combine

espouse their cause in the fight which is going
on between them and ex-United States Senator
David B. Hill. Prominent Democrats in all
parte of the State have recently received com-

munications through the mail and by telegraph
requesting them to come to New York to confer
on matters of party importance

It was asserted yesterday in the Hoffman
House that these communications had been
sent out by Sergeant-at-Arme L, H. Wager of
tye Democ atic State Committee, and that the
Jeal object w@s to bring Mr. Hill's friends down
here in order that Mr Murphy, Mr. Croker, Mr
Shevlin and Senator P. H. McCarren could get
an opportunity to ta’k to them in Senato Mur-
phy’s luxurious headquarters at the Hoffman
House, and win them over to their side of the
It was
transpor-
to

factional)
furthermore
tation had been offered Bev-
eral county chairmen and to several
members of the State Committee if they would
make the trip to this city, and Senator Hill's
friends believe that these stories are true be-
cause they have been informed on what they
Mr. Crokor
unlimited

quarrel
that

Democratic
declared

consider reliable authority that
and his allies have a practically
amount of money to draw on.

The only thing that ls known at the State
Headquarters of the Democratic party in the
St. James building in regard to this matter
is the information which was contained in a
telegram received yesterday by Chairman
Campbell from Mr, MoGuire. The telegram
was sent from Syracuse. Here is what Mr
MoGuire says

“I have received a number of inquiries at
Syracuse from Democrats throughout the State
regarding requests to come to New York pur-
porting to come from the Democratic State
Committee I know nothing of these requesta
or their purpose and desire that none of a@
similar character be credited unless signed
either by the State chairman or myself.”

The inference drawn trom Mr. MeGuire's
telegram was that some unauthorized person
had been trading upon the name of the State
Committee an had

purpose of bringing
Democrats here with an
of which the State Conunittee and its
officers are unaware Cheirman Campbell was
at the Democratic State heq quarters yegter-
day. He said that he didn't know anything
about the matter which Mr. McGuire referred to
and naturally he couldn't talk about {t and that
be left for MeGuire to
sald when asked if it
qd Mr. Murphy
to up-State Democrats
head of the Democratic
State Committee, that he didn’t know about
that; but he d that as both the gentlemen
were inembers of the Executiv
was Shoal have and entirely

been using it for
prominent

the

object view

the whole matter woul
manage. Mr. Campbe!
was true that Mr. Croker an
had written fofters

on the official let

Comet it
proper that
t shot

have Cc itt letterhead
oat note use {ton ee, Stee “Dusihess, "lo
this mattér Will be left for Mr. MoGuire to attend

to.

In the meantine & member of the Demo-
cratic State Committee from one of the west-
era counties was in town yesterday. He said
thaton Thursday he recelved a telegram signed
by Wager, the sergeant-at-arms of the com-
mittee and telling him that his presence was
desired in this city at once. The telegram
was sent from the Fifth Avenue Hotel and Mr.
the State oommitteernan upon
Mr. Wager

the anti-

Wager met
his arrival in this city yesterday.
took the State committeeman
headquarters in Hoffman
House an when ho =. entered the
room Mr. Croker, Mr, Murphy and Senator
MoCarren = there, They passed the time of
day; then
over into one corner
gonversation, ignoring the presence of Senator
McCarren &and the State Committeeman Mr.
MoCarren began to chat with the Siate Com-
mitteeman, and for a few minutes they talked
on indifferent subjects. Then, according to
the story which was current in the Hoffman
Rouse last evening, Mr.
abruptly and said

“Will you support me for temporary chair-
man of the State onvention in September?’

“No, sir, [ will not; and if that is what you
had me come all the way to New York for,
you have got very little satisfaction, ana
ave pul me to a great deal of trouble.

to

Hill the

r. Croker and Mr. Murphy went
nd began an parnest

McCarren turned

you
Good

once, saying nothing to Mr. Croker or Mr
Murphy, who had affected to have no interet
| in his conversation with Mr. McCarren

It
was declared by the Democratic

!

ay, Sf. :

he Committeerman left the headquarters at
|

}

} politicians

who were the Hoffman House
last night that Senator McCarren
was makin a ve active ean-
vases not only here, but throughout the State

for the temporary chairmanship of the con-
vention, The object of his ambition to occupy
this important post, it was said yesterday, was
that the Croker-Murphy-Shevlin combination
might control the Committee on Credentials,
through it the entire convention. lt was
said that Mr. Croker had devised the pian
of starting contests all over the State, and of
having the contesting se ations go to Sara-
toga and lay their gPpe before the convention,
Mr. Croker and his friends should control
t iimtoary organization of the conven-
tion they woul ve with them the Committee
op Credentials and t recog-
It was
N carried out in one
ane in Oneida county and in two districts in

C tau 7.

‘

T

8 CO ttee could
ip contests,

nize whom it ple
ad bee:

id that this plan

county,aod that arrangements had
or contesting delegations from other

sen made
icta he Committee on
Credentials

1 ; yous enable ie, Croker , for, in
e , to refuse to reoognize the delegates from
the Wiath djstrigt in this county if Mr. heehan
successful at t Mr. Shee-
is succesafu delegates will be
east Croker. and he would prevent ee New
county delega ‘om casting its ent
or Kf Croker candidate Mr

control of t

rimaries there, |
his

120 votes
Croker of cot
be no break in the New York county
As to the plan of unit rule in county

ig anxious that there shoud
plegation.
Megauions
to the State Convention, the friends of Mr. Hill
said yesterday that such a proposition was
absurd on the face of it, because the Assembly
district was the unit of representation and
could not be combined with another unit of rep-
resentation

“In National conventions @elegations from
each State are permitted to vote as @ unit,”
said Mr. Campbell, yesterday. “That is done
beoaute the State [s the unit of representation.
In State conventions the Assembly district

niged as the ual of resentation, an

OUug
except to the creative unit.”
Mur repeated yesterday

at . MoGuire was Mr. H

}
ft decs not seer As 6 unit rule could
be app
Senator his
statement t {ll's
real candidate for Governor and that Mr. Coler
was only being put ipwets past king horpe.
Mr. Murphy himeelf spoke highly of Tries
E. Patterson of Troy, who was Speaker of the
‘Ansembly in 1882, and has not since rd
f much in politics. The Croker- erphy-
Shevlin combine names a new candidate t
Governor every fay Jpet to show that there
are plenty of inthe State from among whom
ae or a candidate. t
friends repeated terday the
oh they made on day to the
late man woul
Mr.

t the

fs the ant ATT forces

anc ‘ainat ' shee. The d
: tive, and that it a

y
that t was piled
altne propainen mocrets from up ft tate
who had D menti so far. The name

it may draw
Mr. Hill’
nw

effect that no u

nomination at t

   
  

of Smith M, Weed of tabure was

Mitel iat Weed winch spon
ur & ‘ a i y

Mr rok said that he didn't know him. My.

ther Mr. Murphy nor Mr. Croker would dis-

cuss a report which was in ciroulation that

Mr Croker had sent an agent to ex-Senator
ill as

f ing for a conference and deel 7
t he was willing to make con ong. r.
l, according to the report, sent back word
that it was Coler or nothing. Tha report

could not be confirmed

Where to tind Good Liquors

in places where Carl H. Schulta's waters are sold,
~Ace

Waumbek, Jefferson, White Mountains, N. M
e@pen till October. Special events tn golf.—Adea °

 

Written oa.

a a a

eS
~~

eT A

&

 

PAGES.

OPERA SINGER SHOT ON THE STAGE

Death Scene That Came Near Being Real for

Signor Borgatti,
Special Cable Despateh to THE BUN.
f Rome, Aug.3 25.—Signor Borgatti, the famous
Ttalian tenor, had @ narrow escape the other
night from being killed on the stage in the
presence of a big audience at Brescla. Puc-
cini's opera, ‘Tosca,’ was being played
In the last scene Borgatti has to be
murdered by a party of soldiers, crying as he
falls: ‘Assassins, you have killed me.’ The
soldiers duly firedand Borgatu duly fell,
but instead of the usual cry he howled piti-
fully and writhed in a mannér not provided by
the author, The audience yelled in terror and
the curtain wasrung down, The doctors who
were sent for found ‘hata piece of iron had
somehow gotinto one of the muskets, This
struck Borgettiin the chest, bul the wound is
slight. There are dark rumors of a plot against
the singer's life by jealous rivals, who may
have bribed the “‘supers,"’ but there is no rea-
son to suppose that the affair was other than an
accident

 

NEWARK MORE THAN 246,000.

Census Bureau Also Gives Figures for Pitts-
bare, Kansas City and New Orleans.

WasuINGTON, Aug. 25.--The Census Bureau
announced to-day that, according to the count
of 1900, Newark, N.Jd., has a population of 246,-
O70, In 1800 It was 181,880, the increase being
64,240, or 86.33 per cent. In 1880 it was 186,598,
80 it increased between 1880 and 1890, 45,822, or
$3.2 per cent.

The Census Bureau also announced these fiz-
ures:

Pittaburg for 1900—321,616; 1890 --238,617, an in-
crease of 82,000, or 34.78 ver cent. In 188) the
population was 156,380, and it increased 82.228,
Or 62.58 por cent. by 1800.

Allegheny, Pa.; 1900 120,806; 1800--105 207, an
incrense of 24,600, or 23.87 per cent In ies the
population was 76,682, and it increased 26,605 or
33.5) per cent to 1890

Kansas City, Mo.; 1000 163,754; IS00
an Increase of 31,036 or 23.39 per cent
the population Was 65,785, increasing 76.951 or
187.91 per cent. by 1890

Kansas City, Kan.; 1900- 61,415, 1800-—-38,516, an
increase of 13,102 or 34.19 | er cen. In isso it
was 3,200, and it increased $5,116 or 1097 Ss per
cent. [rom 1880 to 1800.

_ New Orleans; 1900 287,104; 1800—242,039, an
increase of 45,065 or 15.62 per cent. Lhe popu-
lation in 1880 was 216,090.

13!,716

MYSTERIOUS EARTiI SHAKING,

Rumbling Noise and a Quaking That Upset the
People of Horton, W. Va.

CUMBEBLAND, Md., Aug. 26.- A report reached
here that the people at Horton, W. Va., a town
on the West Virginia Railroad, were nearly
frightened to death last night. There was a
loud rumbling noise, followed by an explosion
back on the nountain that made the earth heave.
Many of the villagers thought the world was
coming to an end and fell on their knees and
went to praying. Some of those who were
not too badly frightened went out to investi-

wate. When they reached the place where the
report seemed to have come from the ground
was found tw be so hot that it almost burned

their feet, while the air seemed filled with sti-
fling sinoke. There were no surface indications
to indicate that a volcanic ocyption had taken
place, but the opinion prevails that the mys-
terious occurrence was the result ol a subter-
rapgen disturbance,

vere is supposed to be coal oil in that region
eng many thought at first that the explosico

been caused by the oil becoming ignited oy
burping brush.

6 Village of Horton is two miles away ‘rom
where the disturbance occurred, yet the Yh ouses
rocked until the sleepers were nearly thrown
from their beds. The ple refused to go to
work this morning, an o and women stood
in groups an ra the m .. The

untain is 60 ely covered with agra cok
that it is almost impossible to penetrate tan
yale has in @ measure prevented a full inves-
gation.

 

EXPRESS TRAIN WRECKED

Fireman Killed and Haifa Dozen Passengers
Hurt on the Reading.

READING, Pa, Aug. 2%.—Expreas train No.
2 of the Philadelphia and Reac ing Railway,
which left Pottsville at 7:05, was wrecked shortly
before 8 o'clock this morning a mile above
Reading, resulting in the killing of one of the
train crew and the injury of a number of pas-
sengers. Following is a list of killed and in-

ured:
Killed—Samuel Williams, the fireman, 27
old, of Pottsville. Injured—Mrs, Willian
Schollenberger, 20 years old, and child o
Auburn,cut about head and body; Soloman G,
Seligman, 40 ion old, of Tamaqua. contused
right arm; P. H, Hadesty, & years old, of Tam-
aqua, contused wound of right ee and kneecap;
kdward M. Sepp, 28 years old, of Tamaqua,
injury to the back: Miss MoFall, #) years old,
of Wilkes-Barre, sliaht iniury about .
It is thought iast night's rain cat the rails
to spread. The locomotive jumped the track
and ran 2% feet before it stopped. The tender
was turned over, and Williams, the fireman,
who was on it, was grouse to pieces. The
rest of the train kept on the track, but one of
the passenger cars lost its truck and lay flat
on the track, and the combination car was
nearly overturned. The wack was torn up
for 200 feet

CONNECTICUT'S CENSUS,
An Estimate Based on UnoMcial Data That Its
People Namber #80,000.

BrRipGeport, Aug. 25. -Although Samuel
A. Eddy of Canaan, Supervisor of the Census
in Connecticut, has declined to make a state-
ment relative to the total enumeration, it has
been estimated by those familiar with the
existing conditions that the official count will
disclose a total population of about 880,000 In
Connecticut. This figure may be accepted
as « close approximation of the final result.
The population of the State at the time of the

last census in 1800 was 746,258, and @ growth
of 184,000 would demonstrate the fact that
Connecticut 0 4 popular abiding

dace with how ers.

' eo dds Teports that

from gi en py went pe ciotrio wi 23
exception of tw: -elg ave been forwar

to the C “Bos at W ton and the
enumeration in of toons bat a=
pleted except one. in which the return of the
count has been delayed, bnt will soon be ready.
The State was divided into 647 enumeration
districts,-and in most of them the count was
completed with great promptness. On the

returns

whole, the percentage of Geiinge nt districts is
small. and the delays which are al ways iivident
to such an ing have n compara-

tively few.

EATS THROUGH HIS8

 

NOSE.

 

 

John Fockenstock's Mouth Injured and He Is
Unable to Swallow.

Seven-year-old John Fockenstock of @
Seigel street, Williamsburg, while playing in
a stable near his home last Monday, was kicked
in the face by a horse. Alia mouth was badly
mangled and when he was received at the
Eastern District Hospital it was found that on
account of fhe injury it was not possible for
him to swallow anything.

After & consultation &mong the doctors it
was decided to use the method Imown as post-
nasal feeding. The food is forced inte the
stomach by passing a cath through the
nose into the esophagus. operation
proved successful and Inst evening it was said
at the hospital that the boy would recover
from his injuries,

TO GO TO OYSTER BAY?

Report Theat Thomas B. Reed Will Baild a
Sammer Home There.

Oyster Bay, L. I., Aug. 25.—Negotiations
are pending here for the purchase of a fine plot
of land adjoining Sagamore Hill, the home of
Gov. Roosevelt. It is said that former Speaker
Thomas B. Reed wants the place and that he
will build a summer home upon the property.

tis impossible to verify the report that Mr.

ia the probable purchaser. The aite is con-
sidered one of the best around Oyster Bay.

 

Lock Fromt. Lock Front
Collars - Ade.

 

Golf, Manchester, Verm

t—2 open tournaments
Bept Ato 8; Scuns Write Pt

ulnoz Houwm —Ade

4

  

in iss0 |

 
 

 

1th
te

Generally falr to-day and to-morrow.

 

—————

PRICE FIVE CENTS,
SLOAN LANDS THE WINNER,

WILLIAM ©, WHITNEY'S BALLYROO
BEY TAKES THE FUTURITY.

 

ASplendidiy Handied by the Noted Jookey, the
Son of Kingston Runs a Great Race at
Sheepshead Bay-Cap and Bells Sets the
Pace for the Keene Stable. Which Is Fay-
Orite in the Betting, bat the Filly Caense
Stand the Pressure-Keene's Oly m plan
Takes Second Place, a Length anda Salt
Back, and Isa Similar Distance tn Front
of Tommy Atkins, His Stable Companion

Twenty-five Thousand Spectators See the
Richest Turf Event of the Wear Decided
~The Winner Receives the Sum of $38,880,

Willlam ©. Whitney's sterling colt, Ballyhoo

Bes, by King>ton and Ballyhvo, and Jame

Tod Sloan, the noted jockey who is known

to racegoers in two continents, proved to

be a winning combination at the Sheepshead

Bay track yesterday in the race for the

great Futurity, the richest turf event of

the year, It was a megnificent race, which was
won by the best horse in the fleld, and the jock-
ys ip of Sloan well illustrated the reason why
he has grown famous But while Bioan was
the hero of the hour as he rode baek to the
Judye's stund after the racy and asked oermia-

6) to dismount, bis refusal to ait in the time-
hover d oral horsesiioe to be hid up to pub-
lic gaze Was the cause of much harsh erithewm,

“Since Sloan has been travelling with Prinees
and Lords,”’ said many, “he has become stuck
up and this is how he shows it: He'd have mady
abie lit with everybody if he'd followed the
good old American custom of sitting tn the
horse shoo!"

Bul as it was, Sloan was ina position te re-

fuse to do anything that was not ex-
| actly accordiue to bis way of thinking,
; because he had just been instrumental in riding
a horse to victory and winning a total of

  

$33,530 for Mr. Wh tney, while $2,00) extra went
to Ballyhoo Bey's breeder Sloan received
$5,000 for taking the mount, his expenses from
England to this country and back and aleo the
amount of his bills while bere. It was a men-
orabl’ triumph for the little fellow, who ten
years ago Was just§an ordinary stable boy
knocking around looking for an odd job here
and there, It was also a most gratifying win
for Mr. Whitney, who, to spite ef many disap-
pointments, has at last been richly rewarded
for his sportemanship and liberality,

There was a further triumph for Mr. Whitney
beyond the mere winning of the event. It was
the beating administered to his friendly rivals,
J. R. and F. P. Keene, who had a formidable

array of horseflesh among the starters,
With Olyinplan, by Domino and Belle
of Maywood; Cap and Bells, by Domine

and Ben-iny-Chree, and Tommy Atkins,
by Masetto and Quesal, the Keene stable
was regarded as « winner by the talent,
89 much so that it was made a favorite in the
betting at short odds on. With Ballyhoo Bey
and Elkhorn, the latter by Belvidere and Blk-
horn Lass, representing the Whitney stable, the
public could not see where the outsiders came
in at all, consequentiy the Whitney pair were
made the carriers of the second choice money.
The race was so truly run that there was
much rejoicing. Second to Ballyhoo Bey,
who was ridden out winner by a length
and a half, came Olympian a lengh
and a half in front of Tommy Atkins, siz Jeng the
ahead of bis nearest competitor in the remai -
ing runners Soft was that Messrs. Whitney
and Keene had the Futurity ali to themselves,
Olympian's share of the money was $3.000 while
Tommy Atkins got $1,600. The fortier's breeder
received $1,250 and to the latter's $500 was
assigned. Altogether the Futurity was worih
$42,080, which is quite a little nest egg.

Cap and Bells was literally carried off her feet
in the rush during the last furlong. She had
made a game race of it by cutting out the pace,
but when her stable companions, Olympian and
Tommy Atkins, were led to a wild dash by
Ballyhoo Bey, the daughter of Domino eoulda't
stand the strain and fell away back into the

ruck. As a matter of fact the rage for
the leading places was confined al) of
the way from flag to finish te the

Keene and Whitney horses. The only one of
the others to show near the end was Charles
Littlefield’s filly Sweet Lavender, by Goldfin h
and Lydia, who landed in fourth place by @

neck. But the others were so easily out-
classed that there was little interest in
what they did. All were long shote in the

betting, ranging from 15 to 60 to 1, and not ene
of them could begin to show the speed o° the
high-class flyers which ultimately landed the
money. Ballyhoo Ley carried 112 pounds and
ran the distance, whic was 170 feet less thaa
six furiongs, ini:t0, which equalled the best
time on record for the Futurity, made by Mar-
cus Daly's Ogden in 1806. Olympian bad 110
pounds, too, while Tommy Atkins carried 129
pounds

The race, while not discernible to the im-
mense crowd until the horses rounded jato the
stretch, wasasuperb battle for the mastery.
For more than half toe distance there wasn't a
length's difference between the five leaders,
Cap and Hells, Ballvhoo Bey, Olympian, Tommy
Atk.nsand Elkhorn. It was a fight for su-
premacy that brought out every horse's gaod
qualities and also tested the nerves of the foek-
eye to the breaking point. Sloan had the
nerve of them all, as it turned out, but it was
true that while in the paddock before the aandi-
dates began (he usual parade before the erowd
on their way to the post, Sloan was very
ill at ease and appeared to be worrying. His
failure to bring up Mr. Whitney's famous colt,
Jean Beraud. in the third race, wae a sore dis-
appointment, especially in view of the generous
ovation Sloan received when he came out upon
the track for that event. Sloan handled
Ballyhoo Bey with consummate skill. He rode
far forward and kept his mount so steady on
his feet that he did not lose a yardfrom swerve
ing. Instead Sloan took advantage of every
openin’. and when he finally sawa chanee to
take ti. son of Kingston to the front he gave
an exhibition of real riding that clearly
proved his worth He worked both
hands and feet with such effect that
Mr. Whitney's valuable colt simply walked
away from the others inthe last few jumps,
though he was ridden out hardto the tape.
While there was muob praise for Sloan's riding,
not all the credit for the victory should be
awarded to him, Ballyhoo Bey showed the true
Kingston blood in that he had the speed clear to
the end and was equal tothe emergency when
called upon to kill off his rivals. The colt was
also in splendid condition, thanks to the pains-
taking care of his trainer, John E. Madden, and
for that matter was the best-looking horse in
the lot.

The attractiveness of the entries and the faet
that cool ooran breezes might be enjoyed dowa
at Sheepshead drew a tremendous crowd,
which had a fine day's outing. even if the
bookmakers did excel at guessing. Pully
26,000 enthusiasts were present when the
Futurity was run, for there were hundreds of
jate arrivals during the afternoon, so that whea
the classic event was ready there was an @asem-
blage so vast and so enthusiastio that it was
worth the trip to see it. The women were more
numerous, it seemed, than at other big eyents
this year. They swarmed through the aisles back
of the grand stand and occupied all of the
good seats. Their costumes were of brilliant
colors and light fabrics -s0 ligbtin some cases
that preunonia might bave been risked had the
temperature suddenly dropped. The lawa
was of course the promenade for the no-
tables, Sloan was ean carly afrival

7 wie

\

   

 

  

   
 
 

  

 
    

ore rae -

    
         
    

ne meee ee