. gS > ee aad
: =, — > is -
a 4
—_————

= ths cane

@oace

-- TANABE + 2 et ne Se
ee

|
|

 

   
  
  
   
   
 
 
    
   
   
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
    
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
   
  
   
   
   
   
    
  
  
  
  
   
  
  

   
 

and soon attracted attention by walking
upand down with a cigar as big as @ police.
man's night stick in his mouth, He puffed
away nervously and shook hands with friends,
The little fellow had a suit of clothes on, cut
English, and a atraw bat with a flaring red and
white ribbon around it. His shoes were of
patent leather and his stockings, which ahowed
themselves because of the turned-up trousers,

were green and yellow

“That's Sloan!” the wise-ones sald when they
wore asked by their neighbors to point out the

. “That's be with the blag cigar!”

Ute the ‘teller that hobnobs with the
Prince of Walesa, dukes, jords and other
« t men, . and aiso has a valet,
cn be

Well i blowed! Ho's got
a fortune, too, they tell me, and L remember the
tune Tod ‘was a jitie stable boy over at Gutten-
berg! I wouldn't have known him! He's so
erent!”
oe spoke an old-time turfman who hadn't
been mized {n the game for several years, but
who had just come Lack to look {t over for old
times’ sake, While Sloan strutted about like @
peacock to be admired and talked about, he
met the world-renowned seaman and pusilist,
“Mr. Thomas Sharkey of Dundalk, Ireland!
“How do you feel, Thomas?” asked the little
an
 E Good!" erunted Sharkey, feeling of his left
ear which was red andswollen, ‘How are vou,
Tod?”
“Neves better!’ waathe reply. “Fitz got the
mone see!"
oWeal he earned it,/'said the Batlor, who
ooped overand whnspered something tn the
eee ‘gear. Sloan nodded and when Sharkey
in acoruer by himself he was seen to
take a huge role of bills ut of his pocket
“T'l] bet on Sloan," sald the Sailor, “or bust
the bank acoount m the old country!” And that
aa the way many persons wanted to bet, on
the jockey and not s much on the horse, Some-
body soon started w rumor that Bob Fitzsimmons
and his wife were in the _ upper
tier of the stand among the fashion-
ables, but a search ‘or them was
vain, ‘Then it became noised about that the
vine fraternity bad decided that Sloan was
ae et play and thia information, when hur-
di

goto

th y carried to a coterie of politicians caused
iw re to getin 7 the ‘right money" that
Id not be veilee
Te aoe awarned into the paddock when the
atarters were getting ready for the third race,the
firet of the Autuinn handioups. Sloan had the
ount on Jean Bernud and the tip was out that
e would win, When the Prince of Walas’s

friend got ints the saddle the crowd had
n excellent chance to look him over,
{e face was tanned, {t seemed, so that he

looked ikea Cubon He was so little as he sat
still, patting Jean Heraud's nek that it seemed
to be animpossibility for him to exercise enough
strength to cur) the antics of astrong, lively
thoroughbred. Hut he had the nerve and also

the confidence After the band — had
played ‘Yankee Doodle” and there had been
cries of “Sloa Sloan!” and “good boy!" tt

was especially distressing to the high-priced
oakey to find that dean Berand couldn'trun @
ittle bit and that it was compulsory for bis dis-
tinguished rider to swallow dust by the pound,
Faflure toland on fopin this race chagrined
Sloan and he purposely avoided friends during
the next half hour He was nervous
and fidvetted aboul as ff he wished the
whole thing was at an end. He wouldn't dis-
couse the Futurity then with anybody, not even
his closest friends, who were looking jor infor-
mation of value from him That Sloan wanted
to win thisewent ‘here could be no doubt, for
his pride would have been greatly shattered
bad liyhoo Bey lost and thetrip from Eng-
land taken for nerhing.

The due! between Whitney and Keone was on
just as soon as the layers in the bo ling betting
ri began to chalk the prices on their little |
slates. The Keene stable, represented by
Tommy Atkins, (ap and Hella and Olyimpian,
wag nade a 4 to 5 favorite in the first betting

The Whitney stable, with Ballyhoo Bey and
Elkhorn, opened ‘ust @§ promptly at 5 to 2
‘These were the

 

» pleces of bait hung out by
the crafty layers who couldn't see any other
horees in the race that_oould be considered
dangerous. Bloes, oy Sir Dixon and Bonnt>
Blue [L.,owned by the Flefschmanns, was a lifto 1

  

 

bowing in reaponse to the plaudits, why that
would have Clon a moat \ pea proceeding,

ante off yer hat, Sloan!” some of the rail
birds howled, but the lad never lost his a
nity and went by the gaping throng as if he

| didn’t aw a soul, Hight) behind Sloan |
| was a jockey who jo Tod's absence has
| made himself quite famous, yet the crowd,

absorbed with Sloan's appearance, Completely
overlooked Danny Maher, who came along on
Blues. Littletieldl had Sweet Lavender well in
cheek by thix time and Shaw guided Belvino,
Golden Age with Bullman up, Al Green, handled
by Tommy Burns, Lady of the Valley, under the
control of McCue and Tower of Candles
broght up the rear with Wedderstrand hold-
ing the bridle, The procession went alon,

slowly while the great crowd eyed horses anc
ridera critically, Ballyhoo Bey and Sloan
looked so much like # winning combination
| that there was concerted
rush into the betting ring to get
down a@ few last commissions on the Whitney
stable, for that was growing in public favor
every moment, The hustle and hubbub as the
crowd rushed to and fro was ominous, for tt de-
noted suppressed excitement that was soon to
burst out in @ volcanic eruption, The women
were climbing up on the chairs. They were
watching thes money carriers out on the track
like ao many nawks, In the anxiety that pre-

another

vailed there were no social barriers, Every.
body was talking to everybody else.
Mon were pushing other men in order to

wet close to the rail contiguous to the judge's
stand, so that the usual ceremonies after the
race, including the floral horseshoe wrinkle,
could be easily seen, The members of the
band, who had provided a delightful contest
earlier races, laid instruments
ground and stood up in a
body, with necks craning and eyes
straining in the direction of the atart. All
faces were turned that way now, for the horses
were galloping along leisurely up to the head
of the chute, which was so far away that the
starter’s flag could not be seen exvept through
powerful fleld glasses

“They're at the post now!" was the informa-
tion doled out by the men who had glasses
A oloud of dust could be seen caused by thé
kicking of hoofs, and now and then some flas}i-
ing colors caused by the blazing sunlight on the
coatumes of the Jockeys. But as far as picking
out one horse from another, it Wasa a task that
had to be left solely to the men who had tele-
scopes and knew what the different
colora meant, A couple of falae breaks which
caused the wailing thousands to leap up in

the

during
the

upon

frenzy and then relapse once more tito quiet
expectancy, were followed by a@ rather long
wait. Then when it was least expected, the

bia fleld got under way, the barrier flew up and
Fitzgerald's red flag dropped with a motion
that meant business.

“They're off!” Of course this ery was heard
from thousands of throats, Then everybody
looked far up the course only to see an ever-
growing cloud of dust, which seemed to ob-
acure everything It was eemi-officially chron-
icled, however, that the start. had been excel
lent, every horse getting off in good style.
They had gotten over a rod of ground when
Cap and Bells, cutting out a fearful pace, shot
ahead. It was acase of making pace for the other
Keene starters, Olympian and Tommy Atkins
and what a pace it was! Bloan wus up to snuft
immediately and kept close up with Ballyhoo
Bey. That was the best policy to. purste,
because by holding back too much the crack
Whitney colt might have been shut out of all
chance to come through later on,

At the first quarter-mile mark the closeness
of the race was apparent. Cap and Bells was
leading there by a head, with Ballyhoo Bey
second, a neck in front of Olympian, while the
latter, too, was a neck ahead of Tommy Atkins
Tommy Atkins had a head over Elkhorn, and all
five were running like the wind.

The others in the race could have no chance
in such a wild dash as this, but they were all
sent out to keep somewhere tn place in case of
accidents, a0 that the leaders had a background
pugziing enough to make it a most diMeult
task to cee where anybody was,

“Who's ahead?"*

“Oh, whatare they doing?"

“Where's Sloan? flas he fallen to the rear?
Why don't somebody tell us?’

Thus the women, who could see less then the
men, were walling as the cloud of dustincreased
in size and rol ed down rapidly over the flying
fleld agit neared the three-furlong pole. Thereit

 

shot in the fir-t quotations, while Swee! Laven-
der, Belyino, lady ot the Falley and Tower of |
Candles’ the last named being added late, were
atso Golden Age and All Green were at 20 to
h The closing prices on these outsiders were

Flues, 15 tod: lady of the Valley, 39 to 1, Sweet

vavender, Golden Age and All Green, each 40
to 1; Belvino and Tower of Candles, tol, As
they were ignored by the pubiic, and wrre |
never in the hunt after the race #tarted, they
may be leftalone here,

The Whitney-Keene battle raged in the ring
until there was much excitement As the |
representatives o! the rival stables were
ooupled in the betting {t meant that aman who
wagered bis money on the Keene stable had
three chanoes to win, while a bet on the Whitney
atable meant two chances. It was a tempting
affair and the money was pouringin like a tidal
wave. Heedless or wilting oollarsand drenched
underelothing, the mob fought and wrestled

until the bookmakers were lucky to be
ive. The suy porters of the Keene sta-
le continued their betting so consistently
that the  Javers, many. of them, cut |
the price from 4 to 6 to 7 to 10, and that
was the closing quotation when the horses were
at the post. As bar as the Whitney stable went,

there was @ similar plunge because of Sloan,
but Was Not so spontaneous as that on
the oo horses, probably because of
the star jockey’s downfall in the third
race. But as the public thought it over
n Tealized that Sloan was to ride
oo Rey to win if possible, the backing
its appearance and the layers were soon
to rub out 5 to 2 and substitute 11

00.

to A et in the place books on the Whitney
a le

0

 

at 4 to 6 looked to be the bigwest cine

day, and (here was a case of Swampin

on propositie:. The bookmaker seeme
to fident that they had it flgured out
y and when they marked down the
olosing prices they seamed satisfied to stand
ES Bo matter how strongly the hordes came

rf with the coin
losity to see the crack two-year-olds
who were to race for a king's ransom and also
to Sloan, attracted a crowd to the pau-
dook where the candidates for the Futurity |
were being lei around slowly for the purpose
of show and warming them up. Ballyhoo Bey, |
contrary to custom, was not taken ont upon
e track for a warming-up gallop. Trainer
den saddled the son of Ringston ana aid |
it so tenderly that his act could not be
overlooked. Ballyhoo Bey seemed to be a
Plaything, so delicately pul togetuer, that the
blightest bit of rough handling would injure
it. Yet the colt was a picture upon which to
feast the eyes. His coat was of a glossy silki-
ness that denoted careful handling, but the
experts said that he looked frail in the limbs
Lookg sometimes are deceiving, and in this
or yhoo's frail legs proved to be gay
eceivers, for when he got under way he ran
SE his legs were made of steel and rubber
with pneumatic ball bearing joints

Around the Keene horses there was a deep
cordon of critics, who watched the well-bred
trio in theirsiow march aroundthe paddock.
All of the Keene horses looked fit to run a wreat
ce and they wo over many more supporters
y their fine anpearance. While this inspection
continued there w a sudden ontbrenk
on the part of Sweet Lavender that was lively
while it lasted Littlefield was in the saddie |
atthetime. The:itiy kicked up and tried to |
throw Littlefel: over her head, The jockey
hauled out his whip and proce ded toadminister

 

| get them to the front to stay
| bunch came another composed of those who

| moment
| hands and feet,

| witht

was that Cap and Hells, =till setting a heart-
breaking pace, was in front by a head. ‘The
Keene filly had been running so swiftly that
Sloan had been forced to urge Ball) boo Bey a
nit, with the result that the latter had increased
his held upon the place to half a leneth,
Olympian waa third, leading Tominy Atkins by
a neck and the latter still had a head over Elk-
horn. it was anybody's race at that_stage, for
Sloan had not shown that Baliyhboo Bey had it
easv. Infact, It doubtful whether he was
confident of vietory himselt, for they were
going at railroad speed and thers was no time
to look things over with deliberation.

As they ueared the upper turn the dust waa
left behind and for the firat time the anxious
men and women were able to see that there was
a race on that had not been equalled in years
Five horses heads apart were leaping along
in the van, their jockeys vting every means to
Behind this

had no chance, and who were choking with
dusty throats,

“Cap and Bells!" It waa a cry thet echoed
back and forth and d»noted both anticivation
and apprehension Can and Bells was still
leading at the half-mile pole by a head, with
Kaliyhoo aey holding the place by three-
quarters oO A length Olympian was
third, a quarter of a length ahead
of lommy Atkins, who was still leading
Elkton. by a neck. The /atter was hard
pressed, too, by Sweet Lavender, while the
others were inthe ruck. It certainly looked as
if Sloan had got things his own way at this
volnt, for he had not begun to ride Ballyhoo
tey with any degree of exertion and
was preparing foraspurt that was bound to
land the Whitney colt inthe van. Sloan, there-
fore, clung to Cap and Bells for as much pace
making as the Keene filly could muster, with
the result that the latter gradually be-
gan to waver It was the pace that
kills sure enough and Sloan knew just how
much pressure to puton. The horses flasr ed
by toe five-fariong pole and Cap and Belis was
ashort neck in frontof Ballyhoo Bey. Sioan
had not really made his effort, but it wae a
later when he began to rid» with
In a few great, irresistible
leaps, Baliyhoo Bey dashed past Capand Bells
as if she was standing still

“Sloan! Sloan! Sloan! Ballyhoo! Come on
you, Ballyhoo! Come on, you Kingston horse!"
‘The crowd worked up to white heat becuuse of

the pictureaqueness of the race and
the sentiment attached to it broke
into cheers. Sloan was now coming down

the stretch in front of the free field and betting
ring, where the crowd snouted words of encour-
agementtohim. Sioan did not look back to see
where any of the other horses were. They
might have all dropped dead as far as he was
concerned, for he kept on riding the Whitney
colt toward the finish with allof his skili and
power. The moment Baliyhoo Boy headed Cap
and Bells, the latter stopped almost «hort.
The Keene filly was played out because of

the killing gait_and could not keep it up
Olympian and Tommy Atkine quickly as-ed
her and hustled after Sloan's mount. 8 the

Keene horses had a world of speed in them it

looked as if one or the other of them might |
make some trouble, but Ballyhoo Bey had
speed, too, and when Sloan sent him

t G 1 I |
out to win by as much as possible it was a sure | thirds of the starting money

victory Down to the wire came Ballyhoo Bey,
e little man on his bacs working like

a g that soon subdued the fractious filly | 4 beaver to show the crowd that he is
an owed the crowd what discipline etill the premier jockey. Amid a wild out-
means in horaeiom. Sloan, still eyed by | burst ot cheers, hand claps and abrill
thousands as he Walked nervously | criesfrom the women, Sloan rode the Whit-
up and down on _the ground, was! ney colt as hard as he could to the finish, where
getting ready to mount Ballyhoo Bey, Hewas | he was 4 lengtn and ahalf ahead of Olympian.
now white in the face and continually rubbed | Th: latter came fast in the last few roda
e petine of bis hands tomether. I pen, S00, and, ‘ook Teey? ntand, bn and
. f t t “ rhit > 0 :

and Mooked “yacantiy” into he dintanae | lengths ahead of Sweet Lavender, who beat Elke
@ Was thinking, perhaps, that he might | horn by a neck. Blues was aixth, All Green
beaten, in which event it wouldn't covonts. Cap and Bells eighth, with Golden

be very nice to chronicle such a mishap | A®¢, Belvino, Tower of Candies and Lady of

when he got back to the princes and dukes, But
ifhe won? Asmile fit'ed over the diminutive
rider’s face and then it brosdened into a laugh,
which, however, was quickly suppressed, for
the bugle was sounding and the other Jockeys
were climbing into their saddies

Siz Shooter, Longshoreman, Smile and Kenil-
worth had heen acratched, +o that with Tower
of Candies added there were twelve horses to

faceStarter ©. J Fitzgerald's flag As the | cheers. Sloan's face lighted up then and be

horses carae out upon the track jor the usual | smiled broadly as he climbed down,

arade, there was 4 growing impression that Good boy, Tod!" evervbody was saying. “It |
yhoo Bey would win the day was a great victory, Tod, and you rode

The inevitable sea of straw hate and shirt
waists worn by men was soon rolling about
over the lawn, up on top of the grand stand
were hundreds who fiad climbed there early
in the afternoon just to see this race. The

the Valley strung out in the order named

When the winner had flashed past the judges,
stand, there was a great rush to get tear
enough to see Sloan dismount and weigh
in When he came jogging back on
Ballyhoo Bey to raite his hand to
the officials, the crowd which stood in a
dense mass on both sides of the track began to
applaud, first with the hands and then with

magnificently."

Sioan was lionized for the moment and then
somebody asked him to sitdown in the big
floral horseshoe—a time-honored custom--and
be lifted up so that the crowd could see him.

grand stand down below was thronged, mostly | But much to the surprise of the onlookers
with women. There were many quiet téte- | Sloan turned his back to. the horseshoe an
&-tétes going on over cold bottles and possibly | walked away

a few flirtations, but when the Fururity can- “Yer aintstuck up, Tod, is yer?” asked sev-

didates appeared there was a rush for vantage
points so that nothing would be missed

The starting point of the Puturity was so for
away from the grand stand and the fields

eral individuals who were perhaps envious of
the little man’s success, But Sloan never no-
ticeedthem. Instead, he waiked quickly to hie
dressing room anu put on a vachting suit that

that were covered with humanity that} was a dream. Then he lighted another huce
nobody expected to see much cf the! cigar, after which he strutted out upon the
race until the horses, coming down the | lawn in front of the grand stand to ve seen and
chute, rounded into the strech Many | to see

comments were heard to the effect that When the time, 1:10, was hung out, it was seen

the racing public wou'd much rather see a race
of auch value ron on acire rtracs, so that
the performances of the horses could be closely
serutinized from start to finish
“Nobody cin tell whit happens in the early
part of the Futurity ‘remarked a gravhaired
sport, “and mony a toc ey has worked his pull-
up there where he coudn’t my’?
horses were coming out of the paddock
ata:250'clock. The Keeneentries!od. Tommy
Atkins, with O'Connor up, in white with blue
ta, Was at the head of the line. Then came
and Bells, ridden by Spencer, who, in
dition to the colors of white with blue snets,

 

 

    

    

 

wore a red cap, so that he might be Gistin-
guished from, the other jockeys in this
stab Olymptan, with Henry | he saddle,
was . the jookey wearing s blue cap, inad- |
dition to the regwar Keene colors ‘Turner

orn was the firsttosport the Whitney
a@ht blue. To cistinguis!
0 had a brown sash and cap
6 Tod!” the crowd ori out when

Bey cosy miacing his way out of the

pte loan, emacious that 50,000

Tt were wine at him, rode alon slowly
with an expreasionless countenance the look ed
nelther to the right nor to the left, and as for

b

iar

  

hin from |

that the best record forthe Futurity, made by
Marcus Daly 8 Ogden in 1896, had been equalled
Ballyhoo Bey wae immediately taken to Mr
Whitney's private stable, where he was looked

over by August Belmont, Harry Payne
Whitney and Trainer Madden. The colt
was perfectly sound and could have run

another race then and there, perhaps, but he
had done his work well and was entitledtoa
rest and the best oats on earth. So the Futurity
of 1900 was run and won and so Tod Sloan onve
again made himself famous

OTHER INTERESTING RACES
' The Lig clussic was presented in a setting
| which would have done justice to any of the
| great racing events of past years It was pre
coded by au important handicap and followed
by a @teeplechase which showed all the pietur-
esque elemeiuts of the sport between the flags
Witheut any of the gruesome incidents that

lead to the ambulance or the hospital
What may be described as the curtain raiser
for the Futurity was the fall handicap, third
oo the card t was worth $2,000 and pos-
sensed the additional attraction of being the
first of the special autumn series for three-
year-olds and upward, with conditions which

f

 

 

admit of the # of all the horses
yesterday in ¢ fomnt "fandt
caps later on in the Kight crac

| sprinters were originally named to go and
| visitors scanned the bulletin with the liveltest
interest, aa they wanted to see the reoord-
breaking Voter in action, He waa scratched,
however, and the pencil was also drawn through
| the names of Lieber Karl, Belle of Lexington,
t Indian Fairy and Aoighe of Rhodes he
«aps were nearly all filled by the added ar
| which included M. Taylor's three-year-ob
bay colt Waring, E. L. Liger's three-
year-old chestnut colt Gold Or
| and J. &. Ferguson's speedy chestnut
filly Musette. This made up a representative
fleld, in whieh Ro W. Walden & Sons’ three-
year-old bay colt Contestor ruled a slight favor-
te at 1) to 5 over W. C. Whitney's noted four-
year-old Jean Beraud, the second choice, at
§ to 2. Superstitious err who never
bother with “form,” as well as many more con-
fervative bettors with Inside
picked out Waring among the added starters
} anid played hin heavily at 4 to 1
The Unexpected feature of the race was
furnished by the first appearance before the
Ainerican public in two seasons of Jockey
Tod Sloan. He had the mount on Jean HKe-
raud and as the pair came ont of the
paddock gate the combination was
rreeted with hearty applause supplemented
2y A special serenade from Lander’s Band.
Jean Beraud played the part of a soclety horse
to perfection, Aud actually bowed in acknowl-
edement of the applause, but he was clearly
not {n a racing humor and his progress to the
vost was like that of the schoolboy described
in Shakespeare's "Seven Ages.” His departure
from the post was even more leisurely an
before Sloan got, him going the others
were making for the goal under
full sail with Waring a couple of lengths clear
of Contestor. Bullman kept Taylor's colt
going and finally brought him home an easy
winner by four lengths, Contestor tired in the
xtretch and Burns put up a whirlwind finish
on Potente which landed P. MH. McCarrens
long shot in second place by a head. Jean
Reraud whipped in the bunch for half a
mile and was trepped among the stragglers
on the turn for home. Then he seemed to
realize for the first time that there was @ rare
on, and he developed a grand burst of sneed,
but too late to get closer than a length from
the third horse
Ten cross-country performers of more or lesa
celebrity were colored on the card for the steeple-
chase, but the entry was cut in two by the
inevitable blue pencil, Even then there was
ample material for a good sporting and het-

information,

ting race, and practically every starter
was backed, Mr. Chamblet’s St.  Flor-
ian welding, Plato, carried all the heavy

money and after making most of the running
won handily by two lengths from Old Tank,
who had been his closest attendant through-
out. Charagrace apparently found 162 pounds
too much to shoulder comfortably. He fenced
very sluggishly and showed little of his customn-
ary speet on the flat until the run home, when
he succeeied in beating eld Trillion out
of third money by a head. Every horse in the
race went the course without a hitch, and the
event was heartily appreciated, especially by
casual visitors, who rarely find an opportunity
to witness a steeplechase. The result was a big
disappointment for Frank D. Beard, who won
the stake last year with Article and expected
to repeal wath Charagrace.

The agernoon's sport opened with a dash
down the last five anda half furiongs of the new

Futurity course, with fourteen maiden two-
year-olds as contenders. Through some of
the mysterious mathematics adopted by

the talent, Roehampton WAS installed
favorite at 7 to 2. Col. Padden, Servilia, Rowdy,
La Valliere and Monad were next in demand
Rowdy disappointedthe Whitney party, but
justified his name. He tiptoed his fleld to the
last furlong, but then started a “rough house”
game, which acted like a boomerang when he
returned to weigh in, La Valliere dropped out
of the  eclonds in the drive home
and won by three parts of a length after run-
r umong the trailers in the early stages of
race. Rowdy finished second, a neck in
front of Col, Padden, who beat htoehampton
four lengths. A prompt investigation followed
and Rowdy was disqualified,

bois Was a depressing send-off for those who
played the Whitney colors with a view to doub-
ling up on Ballyhoo Bey later on, but they had
nerve and capital enough left to take a flyer
Rush, from the same atable
the @rond race They. secured

  

in

| 9 to 6 for their money against what looked like

 

| the breeders of the winner, of the second horse and of
| the third horse, namely, the owner of the mare at time
| of entry, to receive $2,000, $1,250 and $500 of the added

| $

| Green Li. Morris's b. e, Golden Age, 122 (Bullman)..

alto 4 shot,ani Kush pulled them out of the
nuagmirein grand style after tow-roping her

‘

tleld all the way. She won easily by 4
length from Kamara in_ the remarkable
faust time, under the conditions, of t:40. The

others were beaten off. Greenock, a Bramble
three-vear-old from J. F. Schorr’s stable, put
one over the plate for tha Western contingent
in the last race, but the players did not profit
much, as the colt ranlooseati2to1!. Summary:

FIRST RACK

For maiden two ro olds, by subscription of §10

each, with $700 added, of which $125 to second and

$75 to third, last five and a half furlongs of the new

Futurity course

kK. T. Wilson, Jr.'s, bf, La Valliere, by Knight
of Ellersiie - Sister Loulse, 112 (MeCue)...... 1

Frank Brown's blk. a, Col, Padden, 115 (Spen

oer... eee ee ereeer eg ’
J. G. Follansbee’s, ch. q, Roehampton, 115 (Bull- ‘
man) . ‘ ‘ ‘

Monad, Hinsdale, Strategist, Gink!, Gautama,
*Rowdy, J. A. Warner, Mar gare Hoffman, Ida Car
bry, Maria Bolton and Servilla also ran.

Time, 1:00 3-5,

*Finished second but was disqualified,

Betting Seven to 1 against La Valilere, 6 to 1
Col. Padden, 7 to 2 Roehampton. § to 1 Monad, 20 to
1 Hinsdale, 12 to 1 Strategist, 100 to 1 Ginki, 12 to
1 Gautama, 150 to | J. A’ Warner, 6 to 1 Rowdy,
100 to 1 Margaret Hoffman, 20 to | Ida Carby, 50 to
1 Maria Bolton, 5 to 1 Servilla,

SFCOND RACK

For three year-olds and upward; by subscription
of $10 each, with $000 added, of which §200 to second
and $100 to third, penalties and allowances; one mile.
W. C. Whitney's b. m Rush, 4, by Wadswort)

Reine d'Or, 116 (Odom) : -}
J. P. Martin's br f Kamara, 3, 100 (Bullman)... 2
A. Featherstone’s br. h, Andronicus, 6, 111 (O'Con
nor). . * . eeeeeres
‘Trumpet, Herbert and Pineher also rah.
Time, 1:40.

Beting Nine to 5 against Rush, 2 to 1 Kamara,
f to 1 Andronicus, 10 to 1 Trumpet, 5 to 1 Herbert
200 to 1 Pincber.

THIRD RACE

The Fall Handicap of $2,000 for three year-olds
and upward, firat of the autumn handicaps; by sub
scription of $50 each, which shall entitle the entry to
start in all three the winner t@ receive $1,500, the
second $350, and the third $150; six furlongs on main
track
F. M. Taylor's b. ¢ Waring, 8 by Masetto - The

Sweeper, 111 (Bullman)

P. H. MeCarren’s b. g, Potente, 5, 196 (Burns)... 2
h. W. Walden & Sons's b. ¢. Contestor, 3, 115 (Me
Joynt
Jean Beraud, Gold Or and Musette also ran.
Time, 1:14,

Hetting - Four to 1 against Waring, 20 to 1 Po
tente, 11 to 5 Contestor, 5 to 2 Jean beraud, 12 to 1
Gold Or, § to 1 Musette.

FOURTH RACE

The Futurity; by subscription of $20 each, or only
$10 if the money be sent with entry, for mares cov-
ered in 1807, and a further subseription of $50 each for
the produce of such mares unless struck out by July
18, 1899; or $190 uDless struck out by July 15, 1000;
all starters to pay $250 additional, ail of which shall
go to the second and third horses as further provided,
the Coney Island Jockey Club to add $8,750: the sec-
ond to receive $1,000 of the added money and two-
the third, $500 of the
added money and one-thitd of the starting money;

money, respectively, whether they be the owners of
the horse when the race takes place or not; colts, 123
jounds: filles and geldings, 11) pounds; winners of
e 800, '3 pounds; of two races of $2,590, or one of
‘300, 7 pounds; of four of $2,500, or two of $4,500,
orone of 89,000, 12 pounds extra; the produce of
mares or Stallions which have not produced a winner
prior to Jan, 1, 1505, allowed 8 pounds: of both
mare and stallion, 5 pounds, said allowance to be
claimed at time of entry, maidens allowed 10 pounds,
which allowance shall not be cumulative; mares may
be entered by persons not thelrowners, the owner
having the prior right; Futurity course, 170 feet less
than six furlongs

W.C. Whitney's br. ¢. Ballyhoo Bey, by Kingston —

Ballyhoo, 112 (1. Sloan).... 1
JR. & F. P. Keene's ch. c. Olymplan, by Domino ~.

Helle of Maywood, 112 (Henry)...... 2
J.R. & F. P. Keene's ch. c. Tommy Atkins, by Ma-

setto - Quesal, 120 (O'Connor), ox a
Cc. Liefeld, Jr.'s b. f. Sweet Lavender, 119 (Little-

field). . ‘
Ww. C. Whitney's br. c. Elkhorn, 125 (Turner)... ..
C, Fleischmann's Sons's b. c. Biues, 126 (Maher).
«©. T. Patterson's b. c. All Green, 122 (Burns),....
J. Ww. & F. P. Keene's b. or br. f. Cap and Bells, 110
Spencer

 

|
|

|
|

 

Seo nove

James Galway’'s br. c. beivino, 112 (Shaw)......
M, Murphy's br. f. Tower of Candles, 119 (Wedder-
strand.... fh i

R. ‘I. Wilson, Jr.'s, b. f. Lady of the Valley, 116
(MeCue)....- ; 12
Time, 1:10
Retting —Eleven to 5 against Ballyhoo Bey and
Pikhorn, coupled as W. C. Whitney's sentry; 7 to 10
Olymplan, Tommy Atkins and Cap and Bells, coupled
as the Keene's entity: 15 tw 1 Blues, 40 to1 Sweet
Lavender, 60 to 1 Belvino, 40 to 1 Golden Age, 40 to 1
All Green, 30 to 1 Lady of the Valley, 60 to 1 Tower of
Candles

PIPTH RACE

The Inaugural Steeplechase; a handicap for four-
yearolds and upward; by subseription $20 each
for starters, or $5 if declared; with $400 added, of
which $200 to second and $100 to third, short course:
Mr. Chamblet’s bo g. Plato, 4, by St Florian
Opalescent, 146 (Helder). . ‘ sae tae 2
IN, MeGargee's ch. g. Old Tank, 5, 185 (Barry) 2
br D_heard’s b. @, Charagrace, 6, (Chandler)... 3
Trillion and Gov. Iudd also ran,
Time, 4.19 2-5
Betting - Fight to 5 against Plato, 4to 1 Old Tank
7 to 2 Charagrace, 7 to 2 Trillion, 10 to 1 Gov. Budd
SIXTH RACF.
Selling, for three-year olds and upward; with $700
added, of which $125 to second and 875 to third; weights
7 pounds above the scale; allowances; one mile
and 4 sixteenth on turf
J. FP Schorr’s br. ¢, Greenock, 3, by Bramble - Lil-
lian Lindsay, 102 (Burns).... .s
J. LE. McDonald's ch h, Central Trust, 108 (Henry) 2
Cc. Fleisehmann's Son's b g. Dolando, aged, 107
(Maher) ie rrerre . 5
Survivor, Rinaldo, Midwood, Sir Fitzhu
Magic Light also ran Puen Aue
a Time, 1:54,
_ Ketting — Twelve to against Greenock, 3 to 5
Centre’ 2rueh 7 0 & Polando, 12 w 1 Survivor, 40 to
inaldo, 40 to ldwood, 30 to 1 Sir Fitz
100 to 1 Marte Light oe

Following is the programme for to-morrow:
First Race— All ages; weights seven pounds above

   
 
 

 
  

    
 
   

with allowances; $700 added; six furlongs

 

 

  

    
  

 

 

 

the scale
on the malin track: . 1.
Sanders... «sissy Montanle.. osc cceee
Lieber Kaftl.......... itt Killashandra...... 1)
Kinnlkinnic,.......1 Maximusy.cs cree oe
Second Race—For s-year-olds and over; selling:
9700 added; one mile on the main track:
Potente, ...........109| Philippine... + v1 +08
Greenook . ... ... 108 | Moroton . . + 108
Tyrshena..........100| Kinus,..... +408
Blarneystone.......106| Dolly Welthoff 10
Sharpleas,...........106| Fonsolee. ..- 100
Dissenter.... 106 | Sliver Garter » 100
Third Race—Autumn Maiden Stakes for 2-year-

olds; special weights with penalties; $1,250 added;
last five furlongs of the Futurity Course

 
  

King Lief ‘ . 110) Tom Kenny,..-.- 118
Haron Pepper 110 | Henry Clay Rye... He
Autolight “10 | Col. Padden......... 198
Janice. . .. 116) Sharpshoover.. «+. 18
Strategiat 118] Monad. .. -..eeee DE
Polltician . 116 Rorhampton........115
Six Shooter. 118) Noonday...+. eee 3
Cressop..... 1 NBL Add... Mu

Beau Ormonde......115)

Fourth Race--Fiying Handicap for S-year-olds;
$1,250 added; six furlongs on the main track:

Contestor .. ........126| Mupsette 118
Vuleatn oe. vse ss 324) Kotght of Rhodes. . 112
Waring... + ..+5+...182] Smoke... - oo ANB
Indian Fairy....... 118) Maribert. ccc cc cece ADD

114| Gold d'Or, . 108

Killashandta....
Heaper . ‘ 115)

Fifth Race—Por 2-year-olds; selling; $700 added;
last five furlongs of the new Futurity Course:

TOMCUM oe ciee veces 112] Prima lL...

  
    

Schoolmaster +112) Col. Padden.. 07
Hinsdale ....... -104| Trisagian 07
Minion....... -102 | Farsight oa

Farmer Bennett ......102 | Dame... .. +++

Elaburg ...s.seeeeees 108
Sixth HRace--Handicap for S-year-olds and over;
$900 added; one mile and 4 sixteenth on the turf
coe 08

 

   
  
 
 
 
 

   

Jack Point 126 | Hardly ..cceceee

Decanter 117 | Montante 06
Helle of Troy. 108 | Alsike .....+ . 05
Gold Fox 107 | Bombshell. ........0665 05
Andronicus . The Chamberlain..... 05
Kamara .... Handeutl ‘ 90
Motley..

 

 

List of Previous Fatarity Winners.

The now historio race was inatituted In 1888
and the results since then are as follows:

1644—-S. Bryan's Proctor Knott, 112 pounds; *Sal-
vator, 10& pounds; Galen, 115 pounds, Time,
1:16 1-5. Value $45,000.

1489--W, L. Scott's Chaos, 109 pupae St Carlo,
122 pounds; Sinaloa, 105 pounds. Time, 1:16 4-5.

F 63,675.
Value $ 115 pounds;

1400—*August Belmont's Potomac,

Masher, 105 pounds; Strathmeath, 124 pounds
Time, 1:141-8. Value, $77,000,

1891—D. Gideon's His Highness, 130 pounds;

Yorkville Belle, 115 pounds; Dagonet, 108 pounds
Time, 1:15 1-5, Value, $72,000.

1502—A. F. Van Ness's Morello, 118 pounds; Lady
Violet, 118 pounds; St, Leonard, 108 pounds. Time,
1:12 1-5. Value, $41,375. ‘

1503- James R. Keene's Domino, 130 pounds; Gajl-
lee, 115 pounds; Dobbins, 1380 pounds Time,
1:124-5. Value, $45,000,

1804—D. Gideon's Butterfiles, 112 pounds TDrandy-
wine, 108 pounds, Agitator, 110 pounds. Time, 1:11.
Value, $63,850. .

1805-*D. Gideon's Requital, 115 pounds, ¢ tesendo,
114 ponds, Silver II, 108 pounds, ‘Time, 1:11 2-5.
Value, $69,770.

1596-—Marcus Daly's Ogden, 115 pounds, Orna
ment, 116 pounds; Rodermond, 115 pounds. Time,

1,10. Value, $56,070.

1897—L. S. & W.P Thompson's L'Alouetta 115
yunds; Lydian. 116 pounds; Uriel, 115 pounds.
ime, 1:11. Value, $34,200.

1A94—W. Hendrie’s Martimas, 118 pounds; High
Degree, 113 pounds; Mr. Clay, 118 pounds. Time,
1:122-5. Value, $47,080

1490—James KR. Keene's Chacornas, 114 pounds:
Brigadier, 109 pounds; Windmere, 112 pounds

Time, 1:10 2-6. Value, $41,000,
* Winners of the Realization at 3 years old.

RACING ENDS AT SARATOGA

 

Martimas Beats Charentus in a Drive in the
Spencer Handicap.

Sanatoaa, Aug. 25.—The racing season here
came to an end to-day. The opening of the
races at Sheepshead Bay played havoc with the
attendance, which was a very lightone. The
racing was fairly good, but it was a poor day
for speculation as only two favorites won. The
event of the day was the Spenoer Handicap, for
three-year-olds and upward, (Narentua's eary
race a few days ago caused the layers to make
him an odds on favorite. When the flag fell

Charentus and Martimas went right to the
front and they raced together to the stretel.
Ip the Inst furlong Charentus appeared to
have the race won, but he lost ground
gradually and in a drive to the wire
Martimas won by a head. The opening race
was for two-year-olds and was won easily by
the favorite, Colchester. Punctual piloted the
field to the stretch, where Colchester took the
lead and won easily by five lengths from Guess
Work. In the second race Bold Knight was the
choice with Fieuron nextin demand. Godfrey
went to the front in the stretch and beat
Fleuron out by half a length. Two-year-olds
also ran in the fourth race and this went to the
favorite, Tammany Chief. He remained in
second place while Waterplant made the run-
ning to the stretch. Tammany Chief then went
to ‘he front and won easily by three lengths
from Cherished. Precursor, the choice in the
closing race, was beaten by Althea and Specific,
Summary:
PIRST RACE
For maiden two-year-olds that have run: purse
$490, 0° which $6" to second and $40 to third; weights
fifteen pounds below the seale; five anda half fur-

longs
J. f Seagram's b. c Colchester, by Hanover—Col
Jeen Rhue, 107 (Blatr) ;
Hayes & LeRoy Jones's bik. f
(James)... Corer este ures ; ‘
Byrnes Sale Stable’s ch. g. Great American, 104
(J. Martin) ; aan
Punctual, Georgia Gardner, Handvice, Cora Moore
and Dosste also rao.
Time, 1:08
Betting—Six to 5 againat Colchester, 19 to 1 Dossie
and Guesework coupled, 4 to 5 Great American, 10 to
1 Punctual, 60 to 1 Georgla Gardner, 5 to 1 Hand-
vice, 60 to 1 Cora Moore.
SECOND RACE

For three year-olds and upward, non-winners since
Aug 1; purse $400, of which $69 to second and $40
to third: entrance free, weignts twenty pounds above
the scale; selling allowances; seven furlongs:

J. Steiner's b. h. Godfrey, 4, by Kingston—Ella

Hiackburn, 09 (James). 4
A C. MeCafferty's ch. f. Fleuron, 3, 111 (Britton). 2
& Levy's ch. g. Bold Knight 3, 108 (Williams).... 8

Tourney, J A. Sloane, Tim Gainey Teuver and
Lavender also ran,

Time, 1:20%

Hetting--Six to | against Godfrey, &to5 Fleuron,
6to5 Bold Knight, 4 to 1 Tourney, 60 to! J. A.
Sloane, 5to 1 Tim Galney, 20 to 1 Teueer, 30 to)
Lavender

Gueaswork. 104

 

THIRD RACF.

The Spencer Handicap, for three-year-olds and up
ward, by subscription of $199 eaen, or $25 if declared
by June 1; starters to pay $50 additional; suMcient
added to make the ralue of the stake $5,900, of which
$1,009 to second and $500 to third; one mile and an
elghth
W. Hendrie’scb. bh. Martimas, 4, by Candiemas—

Bigeonet, 108 (Boland) ......csecee ‘agiceeiaxas A
O. I. Richarda's b. g. Onarentus, 6, 104 (Howell).. 2
Carruthers & Shields's ch. « Advance Guard, 3,

10% (J. Martia) veves000006 66000000 000080

Bannockburn also ran.

Time. 1:53%,.

Retting—Four to! agains Martimas, 3 to 5 Char-

entus, 2 to] Advance Guard, 4 to 1 Bannockburn.
FOURTH RACE

Selling; for two-year olds; purse $400, of which $40
to wcond and $40 to third, entrance free; allowances;
six furlongs
Byrnes Sale Stable's ch. c Tammany Chief, by

roquois—Great Annie, 107 (J. Martin)... : 1
OL WRichards's b. f. Cherished, 108 (Howell)...... 2
hw J. Hyner’s b f. Queen Carnival, 104 (Michaels). 3

Waterplant, Cogswell, Salary and Warranted also

ran.
Time, 1:15%

Betting—Six to 5 against Tammany Chief, 5 to 1
Cherished, 5 to 1 Queen Carnival, 3 to 1 Waterplant,
6 to 1 Cogswell, 15 to 1 Salary, 10 to 1 Warranted

FIFTH RACE.

Petting: for three year olds and upward; purse $600,
of which $60 t second and $40 to third; entrance
free; allowances; one mile and 58 yards:

E. Reynolds's b m Althea, 4, by Duteh Roller or
Auantic--Blossom, #4 (Brien) ‘ancl eo
G, fey ney & Co.'s br. c& Specific, 3, 104 (Bo-
and) ‘ Whedon das bbh¢ 000 2440s aKuss
C. Fleischmann’s Sons' bh o Precursor, 3, 06 (J.
Martin) sepvorss asa08 a cals oes
Hood's firigade, Extt and Crosamolina also ran.

Time, 1:45.
Retting—-Five to 1 sgelnrt Althea, 2 to 1 Specific, 4
to 5 Precursor. 4 to 1 Hood's Brigade, 7 to 1 Exit, 15
to 1 Crossmolina.

At Hawthorne.

CHICAGO, Aug. 25.—There was a splendid crowd
at the Hawthorne track to-day, because it was a
half holiday and also because the programme con-
tained the names of some of the best borses In the
West Summary:

First Race—Five furlongs—Fancy Wood, 112
(Buchanan); @ to 5, won; Lady Idris, 104 (Talley);
& w 1, second; Rega, 107 (Bradford), 7 to 2, third.
Time, 1:05',.

Second Race-Six furlongs—Highland Lad, 05
(Ransom), 4 to |, won; Algeron, 101 (Talley); @ to 5,
second: 1.. T. Caton, 101 (Tulley); 4to 1, third, Time,

1:17.

Third Race—Steeplechase, short course —Frond,
125 ‘A. Jackson); 2 to 1, won; Passe Partout, 163
(Gallagher); 7 te 5, second; Coronatus, 128 (G. Wi}.
son); 15 to}, third. Time, 3.16,

Fourth Race Endurance Stakes, two miles —Our
Nellie, 104 (Winkfield), 3to 2, won; Admatus, 104
(Flick), 5 to 2, second; Stuttgart, 104 (Kutz), 9 to 3,
third. Time, 3:36',.

Fifth Race — Six furlongs —Jobn Morris, 112 (Wink-
field), 2 t0 1, won; The Lady, 100 (W. Waldo), 7 to 1,
second; Headwaters, 101 (Buchanan), 8 to 1, third.
Time, 1:15",

Sixth Race — One mile —Free Hand, ®4 (Huchanan),
5 to 2, won; Nanokee, 88 (Talley). ¥ to 2. second:
Dandy H, 09 (Seaton). 10tol third Time, 1:45",

Seventh Hace-—One mile—Prince Blazes, i03
(Bradford), 12 to 1, won; Great Bend, 112 (Dupee),
4 to 5, second; Patroon, 108 (Winkfeld), 16 to 5, third.
Time, 1:43%.

 

 

 

WINDSOR, Aug. 25,—Form players had an ex-
ceptionally hard day to-day and saw their money
burned up tn race after race as Troubaline, Hand-
capper and Sallust wentdown inorder without a
chance toland the bigendofthe purse. Charley
Shane was an outsider in the first race, but nobody
wanted the short end of It at 10to 1. Miss Souk
proved & good race horse by outstepping her held
and landing a good firatat7to 1. Summary

_ First Race—One mile—Charley Shane, 110 (W.
Valentine), 10% 1, won; Alva II., 107 (Hicks), 9 to
2, second; Troubaline, 105 (Hart); 6'to 5, third. Time,

1:44',.
Second Race—Six furiongs—Kid Ham .
(Miller); 7 to 10, won; Horsa. 108 (Flint). rf on

ade aang eta ee a en See OE =
ee feels

ST 26, 1900.

on4, Prentice Young, 94 (Post), 4 to 1, third, Time,
TiLBy.

Third Race- One mile--Miss Soak, 104 (Miller),
7 to 1, won; Handicapper, OS (Harshber or 0 to 10,
second, Come Quick, 104 (Hick), 7 to 1, third. Time,
r {a halt furlongs Bummer,
prea Neustilag 1M) (Miler, 6.40 dy
4 wo 2, third.’ Time,

hg.

ourth Hace
112 (Aker), § to 2, won
second, Iirate Bell, 98 (iileks),

1:07

Firkin Race Handicap, steeplechase, full course.
Zutalling, 184 (Hay), 11 to 6, won Sallust, 114 (FI)
ison), % to 5, second, Last Fellow, 140 (Johnson),
i : r, 3408
» teint: Hae in Innovator, 103 (Miller),

Ss! Hae Six furlones
re i 104 (irwin), 7 to 1, second;

0 to 5, won, George Labor :
Marg Hageman, 102 (Murphy), 15 to 1, third ‘Time,
121%
At Highland Park.
Drrnorr, Aug. 25.—"The star race on the pro

gramme of the seven events listed at Highland Park
to-day was the mile event in whitch Clara Wooley,
Ennomia. Bree Lance and The lenedict were all con-
There was nothing in it but Ennomia,
with Clara Wooley
Sum

sidered good
who won easily by three lengths,
and The Benedict entirely outside the money
tmoary ‘

First Race—Sia furlongs—Gold Lack, 107 (GC Wil
won, Give and ‘Take, 107 (Coburn), 5 to

aon), 4tol,
1, second; Looram, 106 (L. Thompson), 3 to 5, third.
Time, 1:15

Second Race-Five furlongs Amoroso, 104 (J.

, 06 0D. Smith), Sto},

Daly), 540 1, won; Virginia T
. ‘ ‘a . Sto 1, third. Time,

second; Matanzas, 100 (Coburn),
1:08%%

Third Race-One Mile 108 (Landry), 7
to 5, won; Alfred Vargrave, 100°C. Wilson), 20),
second; Free Lance, 1) 2 (Powers), 5 to 1, third. Time,
1:41

Fourth Hace-Pive and a half furlongs—Salve, 107
(J, Daly), Li tod, won; Militant, 115, (Coburn), 6 wo
§, second, Terminus, 118 (Powers), 7 Ww &, third.
Time, 107%

Fifth Hace-One mile Hermencta, 96 (J. Daly), 2
to 1, won: Wilkerson, 86 (Wonderly), 6 to 1, second;
Momentum, 1/2 (Landry), 3 tol, third, Time, 14344

Siath Race —Six furlongs — Zanone, 106 iL
Thompson), 2 to}, won; Sakatuck, 102 (Coburn),
Ato 1) second; Alex, #3 (Wonderly), 4 to }, third,
Time, 1:14% *

Seventh Race—Six furlongs By George, 103 (Cas
tro), 5 to 2, won; Queen Anne, ¥5 (Coburn), 10 to A
second; Deist, 101 (Wonderly), 7 to 1, third, Time,
114%

Ennomla

 

At St. Loals,

ST. Louts, Aug. 24. Favorites and second cholces
captured the card to-day The Coronation Handicap
was robbed of all luterest by Sard, Merriman and
Monos declining to start, Dorothy Lee cantered the
course for the classifted event, The track Was Very
fast and the weather delightful and cool. Summary:

First Race One mile and three-siateenths — Har-
tiea. 04 (Dale), 11 to 6. won: Orlanadine, #1 (Watson),

  

 

 

 

 

20 to 1, second; Pinar Del Rilo, 104 WJ. T. Woods), 5 to
2. third. Time, 2:04

Second Race One mile~ Go Out. 117 (Van Dusen),
f{ to 2, won; Ida Ledford, 107 (Dominick), 2 to 1, see-
ond: Zarvel, 102 (Watson), 7 to 2, third. ‘Time, 1:42',.

Third Liace. Six and a half furlongs. Meddle
some, 100 «J, Matthews): 10 to 1, won, Perey R., 107
(Gilmore), 16 to 1, second: Whisper Low, 105 (Dom
iniek): 10 to 1, third Time, 1:22 %

Fourth Race Coronation Stakes—One mile—Dor
othy Lee, 06 (Dale), 1 to & won: George W. Jenkins,
107 (Falleby), Sto 1, second. Time, 1:47

Fifth Race - Oue mile and a stateenth -. Joe Doughty
06 (Dale), 6 to 1, won, Go to Bed, 114 (J. Matthews),
& to 5, second; Tom Gilmore, & (Cochran), 12 to 1,
third, ‘Time, 145%

Sixth Race. Six furlongs St. Cuthbert, 111 (J,
Matthews), 4 to 1, won; Tom Co , 102 (Dominick),
5 to 2, se d; W. J. Baker, 101 (May), 7 to 2, third.

 

 

Time, 1:14%

Seventh Race Five and a half furlongs - Odnor,
118 (Dominick), 2 tol, won; Isobel, 110 (J. Matthews),
even, second, Orleans, 110 (Van Dusen), 6 to 1, third
Time, 1:09 4,

CAIN KNOCKS OUT HALL,

A Slashing Featherweight Fight at the Samp-
son A.C,

The main event at the Sampson A, C, last
night was atwenty-round bout between Eddie
Cain of Brooklyn and Denny Hall of New York.
In spite of the heat the olubhouse was packed,
The battle waged flercely from the beginning
and Cain won in the fifth by knocking his man

out. Jack Gabay was the referee

The opening bout was bewween ‘Young’
Sheppwd of Greenpoint and Kid Morrisson
of New Jersey. The weight was
115 pounds, The pair roughed it from the
start. They were two game lads and stood

the gaff remarkably well. In the second and
third rounds Sheppard walloped Morrison
viciously, but the latter always returned and
made things The fourth was
even, both being winded. In the fifth Shep-
pare rushed and witha swing on the jaw
nocked Morrisson out

The next pair were Kid Coffee, of New
York, and Kid Albert, coored, of Brooklyn.
They met at catchweights for ten rounds,
Albert was very weak in his execution
in the first and seemed to be afraid.
He was knocked down at the bell and the gong
saved him. In the second Albert went to the
floor without being hit, and the reteree warne
him. He started in to figh., but was put out
with an uppercut on the euin

Cain and Hall met at 128) pounds under
Queensberry rules. Hallled with a heavy swing
which landed on Fddie's head ond sheok him
up. They confined thelr efforts to straight
work after thisand found each other's body
The fighting was vicious in the second,
They played for each other's ribs and swung
both hands. Both were staggered with rights
and were glad to get to their corners Haltdid
a lotof rushing in the third. He nailed Cain on

interesting,

 

the stomach and jaw. Calin was eritty and
returned blow for blow. In a mix-up Hall
hit Cain below the belt and the = latter

appealed to the referee, Cain recovered quckly
and made matters hum for Hall! till the round
was up. Hall went for Cain's stomach in the
fourth. Repeated punches in the wind had
Cain worried, Cain began the fifth with a clean
knockdown He eaneht Hall with a
right on. the jaw Hall took the count
aud when he got up almost capsized Cain with
a wild swing, Cain returned and fought Mall
to a standstill in the latter's own corner, He
dropped Hall onee more and Denny regained
his feet with difficulty. Another crack on the
jaw finally put Hall out

 

Drug Clerk Charged With Forgery.

Frank Confaineri, a drug clerk, 23 years old,
of 528 East 149th street, was locked up inthe
Alexander avenue police station last nightona
charge of forgery. Nicholas Biondi, a saloon
keeper of 520 Kast 145th street, accuses him of
defrauding him with three forged checks for
sums acgresnting $71 Biondi declared thathe
had receniiv learned that Conialneri was a
fugitive from justice from Milan

Coal Cars Fall From a Trestle.

While a Pennsylvani® Railroad coal train was
backing down the freight trestle from the
Bergen Cut, Jersey City, to the Harsimus Cove
yarns yesterday the tworear cars, each carrye
n@ fifty tons of soft coal, became derailed and
toppled over into the road
jured.

No one was ine

 

Tampa Police to Wear Shirt Watets,

TAMPA, Fla., Aug. 25,- The City Council of
Tampa has passed a re-olution instructing the

Mayor to havethe entire police uniformed in
shirt waists and straw hats The men are
@rently pleased at the proposed change,

“ouch!”

That is about the mildest form of out-
ery aman makes when rheumatism sud-
denly tweaks him. In its werst forms
rheumatism is a living death, The vic-
tim, incapable of moving hand or foot,
has no part in the great procession of
life, on which he

azes with hope-
esseyes, A great

many sufferers

from rheumatism,
who had given up
hope, have been
cured by the use of
Dr, Pierce's Gold-
en Medical Dis
covery. A medi-
cine which will
cleanse the blood
from uric acid and
other poisons, will
cure rheumatism,
"Golden Medical
Discovery” has
no equal in its
pore to cleanse
he blood and to
enrich " Dis-
covery” contains
neither alcohol
nor narcotics.

"I had been trou
led with rheumatism
for twelve years,”
writes Mr. R. d, Mc
Knight, of ‘ades,
Williamsburg County,
8. C., "so bad at times
I could not leave my
hed. 1 was badly
crippied. Tried many doctors and two of them
gave me uptodie. None of them did me much

‘ood, The pains in my back we and |

and at times in my head), would nearly k
me. My appetite was very bad. Everybody
who saw me saill must die I took five bottles
of ‘Golden Medica! Discovery,’ and four vials
of ' Pellets,’ and to-day my health is good aftes
Suffering twelve years with rheumatism.”

Dr. Pierce's Medical Adviser, in paper
binding, free on receipt of 21 one-cent
stamps to pay «xpense of mailing on/y,
Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. ¥

 

it.

 

 
 

EST&CO

jure 2AaR

 

    
 
 

     

In Clothing

Your Children,

Bear in mind that you can obtain at our establish.
ment every requisite for their complete outfitting, not only
in the most complete assortment in the various lines,
but also many novellies—goods not found elsewhere, and at
the lowest prices consistent with the quality of the goods
offered, affording mothers an®opportunity to dress their
children in correct styles and good taste inexpensively—
every department being managed by trained experts in

their various lines.

The advantage of being able to purchase all your

children’s clothing under one roof and the above
tions, should be apparent to every mother.

condi-

Our Fall and

Winter stock will be on sale September 4th, and will repay

an inspection.

  

ROME PREPARES FOR RIOTS.

Demonstration to Resent the Vatican's Treat-
ment of the Queen Dowager.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Lonpon, Aug. 25,.--Serious fears are enter-
tained for the peace of Rome next Wednesday
whenf§whac {is described as a great popular
demonstration against the Vatican for its
shameful treatment of Queen Dowager
Margherita, and generally against the
Papal attitude toward the royal family takes
place. The demonstration is being organized
by the Liberals entirely, but the Socialists and
the revolutionary parties are preparing to take
full advantage of the movement. There is still
a large number of pilgrims in Rome and many
of these have,been particularly offensive in
championing the Vatican's action. It is appre-
hended that they will fare badly in public
places on Wednesday. The Government is
really concerned and is taking elaborate pre-
cautions to prevent trouble, Simultaneous
demonstrations will be held in Milan and other
provincial centres of revolutionary activity.
Collisions there are practically certain.

 

 

TO STUDY PORTO RICO'S NEEDS.

Gov. Allen and a Small Party Will Investigate
the Reports of Destitution.
Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN.

San JUAN, Porto Rico, Aug. 26.—Gov. Allen
will on Tuesday next start on a tour of the in-
terior. He will be accompanied by Gen. Davis,
Capt. Wheeler and an interpreter,

The object of the trip is to learn the true con-
ditions among the natives of the districts
in which extreme povertyys said to exist. The
party will be absent for at least a week and will
live among and mingle with the natives in
order to get at first hand complete knowledge
of the situation and the needs and grievances,
if they have any, of the natives.

The complete itinerary of the trip has not
been published, but it is known that Gov. Allen
and those accompanying him, will start in
army ambulances on the military road toAiboni-
to, thence on the traila by horseback through
the mountains to the Barranquillas, Utado
and Mayaguez districta, from which recently
came delegations of pilgrims complaining of
poverty and destitution.

 

 

OUR PARIS *REPRESENTATIVES.

 

Uncomplimentary Comment on Them in the
European Press.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Panis, Aug. 25,—It is not worth while totake
up the details of the many petty scandals and
annoyanoes in connection with the American
official representation at the Exposition, but
in the aggregate they constitute a subject upon
which all Americans in Paris feel keenly,

The matter reached the stage this week of
comment in the European press which it is
impossible to ignore, if for no other reason than
that all other nations have escaped the criti-
cism which has been bestowed upon the
American Commissioners and Judges, Some
of the latter have been the subject of highly
uncomplimentary comment by their associates
of other nationalities.

Even the Chief Commissioner has been se-
verely criticised,

 

Vespers Win Trial Heat,
Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN.
Panis, Aug. 25 —The Vesper boat crew of
Philadelphia, representing America in the in-

ternational regatta, won the second heat in the
eight-oared shell race here to-day. The final
heat in this race will be rowed to-morrow.

 

ELEVATOR BOY CRUSHED 70 DEATH.

Hada't Been Running the Machine Long and
Wasa't Used to It.

James Miller of 2805 Fighth avenue, the ele-
vator boy at the Majestic apartment house
on the southeast corner of 145th street and St,
Nicholas avenue, was almost instantly killed
yesterday by being crushed between the top of
the basement doorway and the bottom of the
elevator. The elevator is a combination pas-
senger and freight machine, and Miller, who
went to work there four days ago, wag not ac-
customed to running one of these elevators
The second day his foot was nearly crushed,
but he said he would soon learn to run the ele-
vator and was allowed to stay.

One of the tenante remov some furniture
down from the fourth floor yesterday {n the
freight box. Several loads had been taken
down without mishap and Miller had Just re-
marten to his partner, David Young, that he
could handle the elevator as weil as an y
when the elevator began to ascend ap-
parently of {ts own accord, Miller noticed {t
creeping upward, and putting one foot In the
irplght compartment, tried to stop the machine.

The next moment oung and another man
named Edwin Hunt heard Miller scream for help.
When they went down stairs they found h
body caught between the elevator and top o
the doorway. He was removed unconsolous
to the J. Hood Wright Hospital, where he died
fifteen minutes after ng adinitted. His
back was broken and his chest crushed.

 

SOUTHERN CHINA MISSIONS,

 

Missionaries Now in Coast Towns, but Native
Christians Are in Danger.

In the southern provinces of China where,
it is reported, mob outrages continue are
located many American and English miasion
stations. The Protestant Episcopal, th -
tist and the Reformed ( urch tletenete
societies have extensive miseions thera No
fear is eoxpreaed for the safety of the foreign
missionaries and their families, for they have
nearly all been reported safe In coast towna,
is felt Yor’ the ative Girletians “ier eneiety
s felt for the native Chr -
posed to the fury er vs Sonerte valin

mobs. Pr ty v
at many thousands of dollars is thrsetened wick
destruction.

 

Policeman Who Can Lift Big Weights.

Boston, Aug. 25—Patrolman David Neagle
of the Newton police department, has estab-
lished a record for heavy lifting which may give
the professionals something to think about.

He was formerly a blacksmith and harde

his muscles by constant work at the anvil. .
went into a blacksmith shop the other day and
lifted up a sugar barrel packed solidly with
horseshoes and ejehing 920 pounds. He used
no hooks. Then he lifted three anvils which
welghed together 700 peunds. Patrolman
oeee. is 6 feet 1% inches tall and weighs 215

 

JOTTINGS ABOUT TOWN.

Judgment for $616 was entered yeste =
fault against J. Overton Paine, stock tober at P wall
street, In favor of Benton & Upson of Jacksonville
rie, O88 fuement Walch they obtained against

c. 7, as
Fertiiizer Company. + on we

 

*aine

—_ Ie Placing Your Advertising

@ Season, be certain Tar 8

The number of leading eunamer resore shoes
who use Tam Sum are in thameelves an indorsement
= value of the paper sss profitable medium.—

 

60-62 West 23d Street.

ig = oe ieteanenaninnammasin

 

MURDER STAYS A MYSTERY,

NO NEW CLUES AND THE OLD HAVE
LED THE POLICE NOWHERE.

Detectives Still Hoping to Stamble on Some
Fact Hitherto Escaped Which Will Give
Them a Lead~Tale of a Man Soen in the
Fiat-A Walk Which Yoang Scharn Took,

The police came to a standstill yesterday
in their investigations into the murder of Kat).
erine Scharn, the factory girl who was found
dead in her flat at 674 Becond avenue @ week
agolast night by her eighteen-year-old brother
Frederick. When the day closed they were as
far as ever from a solution of the murder and
nothing had really developed in the previous
twenty-four hours which gave them increased
hope. Practically all of the work done waa
on old clues, revamping the information a\|
ready in their hands. The detectives Inter-
viewed a lot of the women who were supposed
to know more or leas about the case in an effort
to stumble upon some new poiat which might
give them additional lines for sleuthing. They
were unsuccessful,

Dr. John K. Train, the mbulance surgeon
who .xamined the dead girl's body on the
night of the murder, made a statement yes.
terday which added one new point to the case
He said under close questioning and rather
reluctantly that when he first saw the body
there was a sheet folded or crumpled up under
the girl's breast. She was lying on her face
and the sheet was so arranged that one end
of it was twisted up over her left shoulder
The sheet, the doctor said, might have been
folded, but he was not sure. He would not
say that it had been used in any way to strang\e
the girl. When Inspector Harley was informed
of this in the afternoon he said it was news
to him. He edded that he would have his
men look into it.

The detectives from the Central Office who
have been working on the case think that the
virl's murderer did pot attempt to strangle
ver, It is true that Dr. Donlin's official state-
ment of the autoper wives as the cause of death
asphyxiation and fracture of the skull, but the
position of the body was such that the strangula-
tion might have been caused by blood in the
throat or the cramped position of the neck
follow! the stunning blow from the ham-
mer. ‘Lhere were no marks of fingers on tlie
throat, and this gives color to the theory that
the murderer did not attempt to take the girl s
life by choking her. It is possible that the
sheet mentioned by Dr, Train may have ftig-
ured in it, but if so the police certainly canunt
definitely say,

As evidence that the Scharn girl was killed
some tine between 7 and 8 o'clock in the even-
ing, THE Sun has already mentioned the visit
of the two little laundry girls returning with
Kate's clothing on Saturday evening. These
giris were Celestine and Annie Greta, 11 and 9
years old respectively, of 247 East Twenty -
eighth street. Little Celestine said yesterday
that on three occasions she seen in the
room with Kate Scharn a man about 85 years
old, sitting by the window. One evening he
was reading the paper, Celestine could not
describe him accurately, and said she did not
think she would know him tf she should see hin

ain. This man, however, was possibiy
Elsenprice, who occasionally went to the Schara
girl's flat.

It was learned yesterday that a eister of
FEiwar.i Wolf, one of Scharn's most intemate
boy friends, had seen Scharn on Saturday night
about 9 o'clock walking with a girl at 149th
street and Third avenue, and @ story was cir-
culated that the boy's alibi had been broken.
Miss Wolf's ceacription of the girl, however
anawerei to that of Nettie Harris, at whose
stepfather’s house Fred says he spent the whole
of that evening. When Mr. Kubin was aske1 if
Fre ileft the house at all that evening he said that
he had learned that between & and 9 o'clock Net-
tie and Fred had gone out for a walk forabout
half an hour. They told some of the members
of the family on their return that they had been
buying some frult down Third avenue and
showed a bag of pears, The rest of the Kubin
family, including Nettie Harris, corroborate
this story, Another witness, Miss Wolf, is
thus added to the fact that young Scharn was
in The Bronx on the evening in question.

Inspector Harley said last night that he was
still working on Teddy Blehayn’'s tip, but had
not been able vet to find the woman who Teddy
eaid, had seen the brother and sister quarrel-
ling in their flat on the afternoon of the mur-
der. The Inspector, however did not speak
enthusiastically

JUMPED FROM FERRY BOAT,

Young Man Commits Suicide on the Way From
Staten Island.

A young man jumped overboard from the
Staten Island ferryboat Castleton yesterday
afternoon while on the way to Manhattan. The
boat left St. Georgeat 4:50 0'clock and wasonly
a few hundred yards out of the slip when tne
young man came out of the women’s cabin upon
the rear deck. A man and woman were the

only persons on the rear deck at the time. They
paid very little attention to the young manand
only noticed that he wore dark clothing and
had a handkerchief tied about one hand. They
saw him go toward the rail and a moment later
when they turned in his direction he had dis-

 

appeared. They gave alarm and the ferry-
boat was stop but the young man did not
reappear.

Sout id was Just entering

The forty

the slip at Bt. George at the time and a number
of persons saw the man jump overboard. — All
declare that the Body did not come to the surface

 

Admiral Carpenter's Widow Dead.

Mrs. Anna B. Carpenter, widow of Rear
Admiral Charles Carroll Carpenter, died at
her home tn Portamouth, N. H., on Friday at
the age of 60, after a long illness. She was
Miss Annie M. Brown, and was married in
New York on Sept. 15, 1862, Pour sons and
three daughters survive. The Admiral died
on March 31, 1899, and since then his widew
had gradually failed.

Woman Stabbed in a Quarrel.

Michael Dobbins, a tallor, of 42 Bridge atreet,
Brooklyn, had a quarrel in the back yard last
ni¢ht with Mrs. Rose Boss, who lives fn the
same house, and stabbed her in the abdomen
with apairof shears. She was removed to the
Brooklyn Hospita! and |s tn @ serious cond! don.
Dobbins was arrested,

 

 

Admiral Dewey Back at Narragansett.

NARRAGANSETT Pier, R. 1, Aug. 26.--Ad-
miral Dewey returned to Narragansett Pier

this evening from Washington, and joined Mrs
Dewey at the McLean cottage on Ooear roid

 

  

Delicious Dishes
made from

Grape-Nuts
Food

Entrees, Puddings,
Salads, Pancakes, &c.
Please and feed your
household.