ARMY OFFICERS IN) CHINA,

NATIONAT SER-

RANA,

THE
INDICATE

IN

DEVICES
10

vieks
Americans Wear Bars, Leaves and Stars, Brit.
one Wear Stars and Crowns, Germans
show Kank by Difference in the Material

 
  

 

 

of the Shoalder Straps-Kussia's Device,

In | 1 st now there are soldiers from
pof even armiaa, those of the United
Atal Britain, Russia, France, Ger-
ma ind Japan As much as possible
ther each party are kept to themselves,
Jest gs should get mixed up. It is not
to be «f that there would be any great
cor i the Japanese and the Rua-
glans nstance, or between the Frenoh
andt u So the armies live separate
and apa a the legal expression used to run;
and “¢ niy in thelr off hours

It? be assumed that the armies are clad
m lotely in khaki. Khaki is
ac in that It makes it hard to tell
a Fi M al from a Lieutenant -except
that the sing one looks at the person ap-
proaching els very, very old or very young
he is f bly an American Lieutanant; if he
ier te <o old he may be a German Field
Marshal or a G al in some other army.
Rut le t per al looks, how is a soldier
in the At n ar in China to learn the
rank a foreign officer approaching him?
If the oMeer is a General, he wants to turn out
the guard for him; if he is of lower grade, he
wants t te him properly; and if be is no
officer at a e wanta to avoid the mistake
of saluting }

The badges that indicate rank in our army
are few enoyeh and applied more simply than
guct ices are applied in foreign armies.
On | Lieutenants wear shoulder straps
destitute of any rank badge whatever; the

shoulder straps shows
khaki uniform the straps
run up and down the shoulder and have the
United States coat of arms on them. This
coat of arms {s the mark of an officer.

The other offleers are marked for identifica-
tion thus: A Lieutenant has asilver bar at each
end of his shoulder straps, or one single bar
on his khaki strap. A Captain has two bars;
a Major has a gold oak leaf at each end of his
strap; a Lieutenant-Colonel has a ailver leaf;
a Colonel has a silver eagle on his straps, a
Brigadier-General a silver star, and a Major-
General two silver stars,

In Fngland the Second [jeutenant has no
rank device; @ First Lieutenant displays one
gtar, a Captain two é6tars; a Major bas a crown
on his straps, a Lieutenant-Colonel a crown
andastar; a Colonel shows a crown and two
stars, a Brigadler<ieneral a sword and baton
crossed; a@ Major-General hea a star above
the sword and baton, a Lieutenant-General
a crown above the crossed sword and baton:
a General has a cross and a star above the crossed
evord and baton. [he highest officer the
British have in China now is anacting Lieutenant
General; they have no offlcer of higher rank
aévailable whom they can trust.

In the French Army rank {s danoted chiefly
by the braid on the coat sleeve and on the cap.
A Second Lieutenant has a device consisting
of one braid only; a First Lieutenant, one of
two braids; a Captain, oue of three; a Major,
one of four braids. Five braids of gold and
silver thread indicate a J.ieutenant-Colonel;
if they are gold only, they indicate a Colonel.
A General has oak leaves iu gold around his cap,
instead of braid, the gold braid on his arm is in

there are three silver stars in a

fact that they wear

they area officers In

    
  

 

arin.
The rat devices othe ItallanArmy are about
the same~-rows of braid on the sleeve and cap
band. No other country has shoulder etrars

fuchasourartny Wears: in armies where shoulder
Slraps are Worn they run not across the shoul-
deras Withus butfrom the point of the shoulder
to the collar, along the seam. The German
and the Russian armies denote rank by the de-
Vices on shoulder straps of this kind.

In tie German Army the Second Lieutenant,
or [4utnant, as he is called now,wears shoulder
Straps of flat gut or silver braid, showing the
Bunber of his regiment, without device; his
rank is shown by the [act that he wears the
straps at all. The Ober-Leutnant has a dia-
Mond-shaped device below his regimental
Qur a Captain hastwodilamonds, A Major's

Qumber
rank is shown by the fact that hls shoulder

 

    

 
   
 

Biraps are of round gilt braid-what we call
ere “Russian knots"~ with the number of the
regiment m them. An Oberst-Leutnant
or Lieu -Colonel has a single diamond
below the number, and a Colonel two diamonds,
T » vraided kaots are called in the German
Avy raupen, or caterpillars.

[he Russian method of indicating rank is

  
  
 

the s' complicated of all the plans in use
AS id Lieutenant wears shoulder straps,
the color that cf his regiment's facings, On
them are two rows of flat gold braid and
@ bulton at the upper end; between these
row tw diarnond-shaped ornaments, at
ey iistances from the top and bottom. The
la ait has only one diamond, near the
t id; the staf? Captain has two diamonds,

end, leaving a space between them
i to put a third button tn, while

 

 

» enoug
the Captain
This is a direct opt site to the ordinary rule,
Which gives the Junior Lieutenant no device
to indicate his rank The Lieutenant-Colonel
has t iree rows of flat gold braid on his straps,

 

aid displays three diamonds arranged in a
Pyramidal form, the base nearest to the point
of his shoulder A Colone] has no device at
Bion lis straps, which have three flat braids

 

 

      

ob them, & Major-General has straps covered
bolidiy with braid, on which are two diamonds
one ve the other. A Lieutenant-General
has three dj nds, a General four diamonds,
va al is owed the French Army chiefly |
hr eAung the rank of its officers. A Sec- |

 

  

itenant has one row of braid on his
nd cap, a Lieutenant, two rows: a Cap-
t ee rows, a Major, four; a Lieutenant-
¢ , ptive, A Ce wil has six rows, a Major-
veneral, kix in double knotea: a Lieutenant-

 
  

 

General, seven in double knots. General offi-
rong a “¢ Id oak leaves on their caps, just
4s Ua ren ao
The shoulder strap is the mark of an officer,
Q@aru ln khaki, however, all ranks wear it:
it) 1 Strap, and is used to prevent croas
4 slipping from the shoulders. Offi- |
ors shoulder straps have conventionalized
prio ol arms, as in our army, or crowns or
Stare 43 in other armies. It is likely that slight
1 s have been made tn material of the

 

firabs for the Russian braid straps can hardly
&o with khaki: probably in the armies where the
Material of the straps indicates the difference
a rank between a Second Lieutenant
Ma or ; the German and Russian armies, for
etamile,) some special device will be used.
Naval oflcers wear about the same rank

eviona as the army that {s,an Ensign would |
ear t shonlder strap without ran device,
i” Nove

: nd Lieutenant does: aod a Cap-
. # rank device as a Colonel. As a
» Silor is told from a soldier by the
ty 3 Jib, which cannot be described here,
doray aie omcare we ar the same device as
f TL Ce re: ar ,

@ "foul ansene id in front of it always appears
For non-commissioned officers the rank de-

Vices are “too numerous to mention;” we have
“tthe. n or mor grades in our own army, and
imably each other army hasasmany more.

ae el Marshal
Field Mar
Orite

Von Waldersee will wear
ippear in the books of uniforms; if
shail Lord Roberts in Africa is any
Inthe cis, we Will be aby it the plainest-clad man
“the Seven armies,

 

{ CHURCH CONTROVERSY

Agitating Tompkins Avenne Congregational
‘burch and Park Avenue Branch.

It ie not expected that the Rev. Richard

Mered |:
= editt will be restored to the pastorate of
; v6 Park avenue branch of the Tompkins avenue

oDgregational Church in Brooklyn, which he
. shed afew months ago at the suggestion,
R. , “en bald, of his brother, the Rey, Dr. R
*: Meredith, pastor of the parentchurch. The
enforced retirement of the Rey. Mr. Meredith

Calne
au ed much dissatisfaction among the
members of the Par}

   
  

 

0 aven flock, anc efore
jis departure on 4 trip 4 d the =~ they
Ph a, an aimmoat UNaAninous petition to the
b : 4 ve DPalis Avene ¢ hure hh, urg@in
- Pappointn ent AS assistant pastor The
gg “ald, is to be ignores , anda new
| ne na Sear > how being made,
Should
e a ‘ ! nid he « ried out a new congre-
Seen Ke rhe organized under the pna-
Dr aa tne Kev Mr Meredith So far the Rev
tends 5 ie deciined to diseuss the mis-
Whi: fan or - Jal Ween him ar 1 his brother,
he will’ ued ie the latter's resignation, but
wek frome tis Is announced, when he gets
Vacation. tlis friends say that

las .
46 been misrepresented in the controversy.

 

and a |
| onthe water, and

 

 

| liean.

| Downin

| to-day and brought the Udings that Downing

of the line has no diamond’ at all. | W488, back in the ranks. Mr.

| dealer of Flatbush, who is a member of the

| for a novelty which is to be given to the mem-
| bers of the church to-day.

 

NEW YORK,

     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
    
  
 
 
  
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
   
   
  
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
    
  

AN OLD POLITICAL RULE IN JERSEY,
Governorship and Senatortal Contests Dis-

tinct-Men Who Mave Held the Offices,

Both of the present United States Senators
from New Jersey, Gen Sewell and Mr. Kean,
are Republicans and both of thelr predecessors
Senator McPherson, whom Mr. Sewell suceeeded,
and Senator Smith, whom Mr. Kean succeeded,
were Democrats. The term of Senator Sewell
expires on the 4th of March next. New Jersey,
long regarded as the most strongly Democratio
State in the North and now justly as strongly
Republican, adheres to a number of established
political rules which other States either ignored
as unimportant or discarded as obsolete. It
elects a Governor for a term of three years

it is the only State that does. It chooses nem
bers of ita State Senate, the higher branch at
Trenton not as other States do generally, on
one day, but in groups, whereby part of the dis
tricts have Senators to elect in one year, another
part of the districts in a second year, and the
remainder in the third

There are twenty-one counties in New Jersey
and the State Senate is made up of twenty-one
members, one for each county, irrespective of
its voting population, though Essex, which in«
cludes Newark, has 65,000 electors, and Cape
May county has only 8,000.

In still another particular New Jersey is stead-
fast to its former political ideala: Its electors
believe in keeping separate contesta for the
office of Governor and those for Senator. In
nearly every other State of the country the man
who has held the office of Governor aspires,
usually, at the close of his term or some time
after the close of his term, to hold a seat tn the
United States Senate if the political party to
which he belongs is dorninant and has control
of the Jegislature. The list of United States
Senators who were foriner Governors is a ong
one and includes among others Foraker o
Ohio, Cullom of Iinols, Hawley of Connecticut,
Dayis of Minnesota, Tillman of South Carolina,
and Wetmore of Rhode Island, to quote only a
few. In New Jersey, however, a contrary rule
prevails and a man who has held the office of
Governor is considered to have attained suffi-
clently high honors and ia expected to leave the
tield for the Senatorship open to other aspir-
anta of whom there is seldom any dearth in New
Jersey. It is several years since that State has
had two Republican representatives in Was)i-
ington, but Republican Senators from New Jer-
sey have not been rare, being elected at inter-
vals, but not from the number of those who had
previously been in executive office in Trenton.

Gen. Sewall was first elected to the Senate
twenty years ago when a member of the Tren-
ton_Legislature, and at a time when Ceorge
€, Ludlow, Democrat, was Governor of the
State. The preceding Republican Senator,
Frelinghuysen, was at no tine Governor of
New Jersey, and he closed his political career
as Secretary of State in the Cabinet of Chester
A. Arthur. Among recent Democratic Gov-
ernors of New Jersey have been George T.
Werts, Leon Abbett, Robert S. Green, George
B. McClellan, Joseph D. Bedle and Joel Parker,
but though one of them had previously been
the Democratic candidate for President of the
United States and another had been a promi-
nent candidate for the sare office in two Derm-
ocratic national conventions, the Democrats
of New Jersey, when in control of the Legtala-
ture of that State, did not turn to their former
Governors for a candidate, but made_ their
selection from the list which included James
Smith, Jr, Rufus Blodgett and John RK.
McPherson, A like rule has prevailed among
the Republicans, but it is to be observed that
the Republican party has been much more
appreciative of its New Jersey members than
has the Democratic party, for soon, following
the change of polities in that State, the Re-
peor in their national convention in St.

ouls accorded to New Jersey the nomina-
tion of the Vice-President elected on the ticket
with Mr. MoKinley, the late Garret Hobart,
and New Jersey is represented in the present
Cabinet in Attorney-General John W. Griggs
The first candidate nominated for Vice-Preai-
dent in _a Republican convention was a resi-
dent of New Jersey.

TELLER THE ONLY ONE OUT.

 

All of the Colorado Bolters in 1806 Except
the Senator Back tn the Ranks.

Denver, Col., Aug. 24.—All of the members
of the Colorado delegation to the Republican
National Convention in 1896 are now, with one
exception, again in the Republican party.
Senator Henry M. Teller, Frank C. Goudy,
Dr. John W. Rockafellow, James M. Downing,
R. W. Bonynge, David J. Kelly, John
A. Williams, Charies A. Caswell, A. M.
Stevenson, John F. Vivian, C. B. Timberlake,
James Cowta, C. J. Hart, C. H. Brickenstein and
Charles Newman composed the list of the dele-
gates who attended the Republican National
Convention at St. Louis June 16, 1896, and left
it headed by Senator Teller. With the excep-
tion of John A. Williams (colored) of Aranahoe
county, Senator Teller is the only one of the
members who now calls himself a Silver Repub-
The others are working for the re-
élection of Mr. McKinley and Senator Wol-
cott.

jast night the Republicans of Aspen, the
great eilver camp of Colorado, elected a,
a delegate to the Republican State
Convention, aad this election leit Benator
Teller alone as an advocate of Pop-
ulism, Silver Republicanisin and Democracy.
B. Clark Wheeler of Aspen came to Denver

Wheeler was a
candidate for Congress four years ago, and
will make the race again this year with
better chances. He said to-day:

“It looks as if a whole lot of good men were
wrong and Senator Teller was right, or that
Senator Teller is wrong anda whole lotof repre-
sentatives citizens of the State are right. arm
{nclined to belleve that the verdict of
the people this fall will to the
effect that Senator Teller is wrong. The change
in sentiment is something wonderful in my
county. Men who have been members of any
arty except the Republican party swear that
hey will never inflict another dose of fusion
upon the State by sending fusion officials to the
State House to devastate the State's credit and
loot its Treasury.”

A FLOATING CHURCH.

 

 

Services on a Steamer, to Which an Admission
Will Be Charged—Choir on Board.

Capt. Henry rioffman, the millionaire coal
German Lutheran Zion Church, is responsible

The church is
being renovated, and painters and carpenters
are in possession, Capt. Hoffman thought it
would be a good idea to have the services to-day
he offered his steamer
Admiral Dewey to the :nembers and the invita-
tion was acoepted.

The Rev. Paul F. Jubelt, pastor of the church,
entered into the arrangements with a good deal
of pleasure, and during the last week has been
calling upon his parishioners in order to make
the Sunday excursion a big success. Every
person who goes on the excursion to Nowbureb
to-day will have to pay for his ticket. Lunoh
will be served on the boat at the expense of
Capt. Hoffman, and all the money taken in will
be devoted toward pay the expenses of
renovating the church. Pastor Jubelt will
preach a sermon on board, rie satd yesterda

“We are going to have an exc on, “hi
dren will not be allowed on board and there
will be no dancing. We are just goipe for a
pleasant sail, and will observe the Lord's Day,”

The church choir will be in attendance and
will lead the nee, Capt. Hoffman said that
he did not see anything wrong about having ap
excursion on Sunday with preaching on board
It would benefit the church, and if the excursion
did not take peace there would be po religious
exercises, as the church was cloned. Boeke of
the other residents of Flatbush do not approve
of this new idea of worshipping.

FIGHT PROMOTER ARRESTED.

John Rose Accused of Defrauding William
Isaacs Out of 8400.

John Rose, a sporting man, was arrested yes-
terday on an order granted by Judge Haskell
in the City Court, in asuit brought by Wilham
I.aacs to recover $400,out of which Isacce claims
Kove defrauded him. Rose was released in

$500 bail, According to the claim of Isaacs,
Rose induced him to put up $500fo promote
a sparring match in the New Haven Athietio
Club between Johnny Conroy aud Joe Allen, for
Whom Rose and a man nar ed Sullivan were the
managers, che latter also putting up $500

The match was to have been held on June 17
but Rose at thattime notified Isaacs that it had
been postponed until July 25, On July 25
Isance learned that no arrangements whatever
had been made fora contest at the New Haven
Athletic Club, Sinos that Ff bas paid back
$100, but Isaacs has been unable to get the bal-
ance of $400,

SUNDAY, AUGUST 26,

 

 

Brooklyn Advertisements,

AA

The week that is to come marks the turning:
for an immense outpouring of values that shall ma

eee ew | ee nn

 

1900.—COPYRIGHT, 1900,

Brooklyn Advertisements,

BY THE SUN PRINTING AND PUBLIS

Brooklyn Advertisements,

ane

HING ASSOCIATION.

| Brooklyn Advertisements,

 

  

 

 

A\BRAHAM *” @ TRAUS

BROoOoOBIUIYN.

The Money Saving Power of These Last August Days.

 

Brooklyn Advertisements,

    

  

il

point between summer and fall. It marks, too, the gathering of all the enterprises of this vast establishment
e the record of a great month greater.

Some years ago we determined to demonstrate that there need never be a “dull” month in the year. When other stores were listless and empty we gath-
ered great stocks of wanted merchandise, priced them much lower than they could be sold at any other season and crowded the store in consequence. | We kept
many thousands of work people busy, tided dozens of manufacturers over dull seasons and au you to expect some of the greatest bargains of the year in August.

Each year these August enterprises have grown and the month that is
have been exceptional all along the line, and especially for the refurnishing an

passing has

een the greatest August we have ever known.
beautifying of Brooklyn homes has there been most wonderful opportunity.

Money saving sales

The pinnacle is reached this week in a great sale of Housefurnishings--in gatherings of low priced merchandise of other sorts still greater than those that have

gone before.

Unexampled Economies in this

August Sale of Housefurnishings.

The August sales of Housefurnishings in this store are sales of immense

importance to every home in Brooklyn.

From the time when we started

a great sale at this season, years ago, they have become an annual event,
each year surpassing in interest, in value giving, all those preceding it. Now

we announce

A Sale by Far the Greatest We or
You Have Known.

Months were spent in preparation for it—months were needed to make
it not only complete in variety, but perfect in worthiness,
Each article in this sale ts of first-class quality.

Each article in this sale is priced the lowest for it anywhere.
Every field of household enterprise is covered—from kitchen to attic

it offers to Brooklyn housekeepers a money saving opportunity they will

not neglect.

Ample preparations have been made to care for you promptly, satis-
factorily—we will even do our very best to fill mail orders, but this in every

case we cannot promise,

There will be open house in the Basement to-

morrow, though—open house for every housekeeper in Brooklyn. These

price hints:

Enameled Ware Kitchen Utensils.
Lipped Saucepans, 2 qt., 10c.; 3 qt., I5c.;
4qt, 17c.; 5 qt., 19¢.

Straight Covered Saucepans, 244 qt. 18¢.4
3 qt., 20c.; 4 qt., 23¢.; 5 qt., 26c.; 6 qt., dle.
Rice Boilers, No. 2, 3l¢.; No. 3, 37¢.3 No.
4, 40c.

Tea Kettles, 3 qt., dfc.; 4 qt., 34c.3 § qt., 37c.
Covered Buckets, 1 qt., 83 2 qt., 10c.5 3
qt., I3e.

Dish Pans, 10 gt., 23¢.; 14 qt., 29c.3 17 qt.
4c.

Soup Kettles, 6 qt., 3lc.; 8 gt., 37c.3 10 qt,
$2c.; 12 qt., 64.

Colanders .....02¢ Fry Pans...... 10c
Bread Raisers..44c Cups..........5¢
Wash Basins....9¢ Pie Plates....... %
Cuspidors...... 9c Spoons.........6¢
Square Roasting Bread Pans......7¢
Fer ate Sponge Cake
Oblong Roasting PONG vesisaass Oe
Pans ..........19¢ Jelly Cake Pans S¢
Ladles....cece..46 Tea and Coffee
Salt Boxes..... Be POW uci cccrrcce
Foot Tubs..... 3c Chambers .,,. .17¢
Bed Pans......69¢ Slop Pails..... .4%¢
Water Pitchers 33c Measures....... ic
Brooms.

Excellent three sewed full size Carpet
BIGOUE  csiccevese coon te, C6N

“Helpmate” three sewed Brooms, short,
but very stocky. icoanea ste OGG
“Home” special light parlor Broom, un-
Eyed StOCK, . ccccccccecce cuss sbeee CCR

Wringers.
Hardwood frame, family size, Clothes
WON cs ciecesceeasdactexveugiexed 66c
The “Universal” Wringer, good rubber
FOOE i xiicvies seaciees eee

Our “High Pressure” Wringer, two year
guarantee on the rolls, 11 inch,... $2.87

10 WOW, cecceicuas vrecaieets Pe
Sundries,
MERON os vceccavecaces eeerneee
AMINONG ciccccccccccceccs obese cus 5c
PORNHGs 645059409005 6860 wesveeeers 7c
Dixon’s Stove Polish. ........e.cecee 2c
EBnameline......cccsccres bea wheeeies 2
BUCS SINCON, oc scccdencacevecacca ste
Wax Tapers.....- rT eesvasieres ze
Gas TORRES. scsccess CoCo ceeeroeerer 7c
Meyers’ Putz Cream......... esvobus 0c
FENG OUND CORN 550 0000000060000 5c
Babbitt’s Potash or Lye............. 10c
Wax Paper, 24 sheets in pkg........., 4c
Hercules Cement. .ccccccere Seca neuen
Paraffine, for fruit sealing...........15¢
Borax, powdered, 1 Ib. pkg..........5¢
Laundry Soap.

Lautz Bros. Acorn Soap, 13 for,...... 15c
Toilet Paper.

250 cases of our regular high grade
“Thousand Sheet” package Toilet Paper,
5 for 25c.; and “Regent” roll Tuilet Paper,

Wash Boilers.
Heavy charcoal plate, oval Stove Boilers,
NG. 7) Bd NO. G. cccviseccnsssiaecdet
New England shape Stove Boilers, well
soldered seams, carefully covered wire
edge, superior copper bottom, No. 7, 75¢,
Wee Oiseneicciveeys4t0m cies,

 

FIGHT PROCEEDS TIED UP.
James A. Brady Obtains an Injunction
Against Kennedy and Powers,

Justice Fitzgerald, in the Supreme Court
Chatnbers, has granted an injunction prohibit
ing the division of the profits resulting from the
recent fights in Madison Square Garden until
the courts have decided the basis upon which
this division should be made. The application
for an injuncticn was made by James A. Brady
in connection with a suit which Le has brought
against James ©. Kennedy and Patriok T.
Powers for an acoounting and his share of the
profits.

In bis complaint Mr. Brady estates that for the
last four years he has been in partnership with
Kennedy and Powers in different kinds of ath-

SS ssn

 

|

 

| the renting of the Garden, and an a

Tomato Catsup Boilers.
Retinned deep Kettles, bail handle, 24 qts.,
2

I3c.5 33 qts., 19e.5 36 Qts.........065 9c

Extra heavy bottom, deep ball handle, 24

qts., 28¢.; 33 qts., 39c.; 36 qts........ 45c
Woodenware.

Bosom Ironing Boards ............06. 9c

Skirt Ironing Boards, 3 ft., 28c.; 3% ft.,
Bree OF cacyacixeadessisscea ee
Folding Ironing Tables, with skirt board
SSRIs fi reds ii ae42
Pastry Molding Boards....
Round Bread Slicing Plates...........
Square Meat Cutting Boards........ 25¢
Round Covered Flour Buckets.,... Pr’
Wood Rim Flour Sieves, 8¢., 9c, .
Alabama Cotton Clothes Line, will not

Bi TS Civ cakcesscusss Te
Superior Manila Clothes Line, clean and
CHORE, 73) Bis ccisincave hi ce eienes 29¢
Virginia Cedar Wash Tubs, electric weld-
ed hoop, best quality, 48c., 9¢,.... 98c
Clothes Washing Machines........ $2.98
Clear Selected Clothes Poles......... 5c
Best Grade Clothes Pins, per 100 in car-
SOs (arceccieavcend sh44 ’ . 6c
CUGaY WHAT PU ccac ccenccacesces 19¢
Fibre Water Pails...... soveerneccee WOO
Oak Grained Water Pails... .........5¢
Folding three-wing Clothes Bars, 3 ft.,
Old Oc cescuscsxiavicedssisaiceceee
Spice Boxes, nest of five........ senna
Kitchen Tables, 36 in. long..........68¢
Full Size Laundry Wash Boards...... 29¢
Ironware.
Polished steel Frying Pans........... I2c
Deep steel SkiNets.. cc cccssvevcesess ctOe

Porcelain lined Ham Boilers, 2" gal. .79¢
Russia iron Roasting Pans, 10x14... . .39¢
Mrs. Potts’ cold handle Sad Irons, com-
OG OE cies rccacs ies 55c
Old fashioned Sad Irons, best gr

HOG 5 1D, 1d OID... c cacecee
Coal Hods, best grade, japanned
Coal Hods, best grade, galvanized... . .25¢
Garbage Pails and Covers............25¢

Heavy Garbage Cans, sanitary cover, .39¢
Ash Cans, 15x26, 99¢,3 14x19, wood slats,
$1.19

Galvanized Water Pails, 10 qt., I2c; 14
qt lle

| grade, 4 Ib,
rae Ie

Bsskets.

Imported oval Clothes Baskets........1%¢
Closely woven Clothes Baskets, ......29¢
Heavy strong willow Clothes Baskets, . 59
Round covered Clothes Hampers... .. .65¢
Extra quality round Clothes Hampers,

$1.05 and $1.26
Extra fine square Clothes Hampers,

$1.98 and $2.45

Preserving Kettles.

Gray mottled enameled Preserving Kettles,
8 qt., 42c.3 10 qt., 55¢.;

Extra deep gray flaring Preserving Kettles,
8 qt., 29c,; 12 gt., 38¢.; 16 qt., 48e.; 24 gt.,
52e.

White porcelain lined Preserving Kettles,
14 qt., 48c.; 16 qt., 87c.; 20 qt., 70c.
Agate nickel-steel lipped Preserving Ket-
tles, 14 qt., 42c.; 10 qt., 85¢.; 12 qt., 62c.

Agate nickel-steel cop Preserving Kettles,
16 qt., 88c.; 24 gt., $1.10; 30 gt., $1.39 40
qt., $1.79.

Basement

 

letic exhibitions, including the six-day bicycle
races in Madison Square Garden, bicycle exhi-
bitions at Manhattan Beaoh and also at
Charles’ Park, Boston; Willow Grove, Philadel-
yhian; Mechanics Pavilion, Ban Francisco, and
fh the Colosseurn, Chicago. Acoording t) the
assertions of Mr. Brady tue proposition to give
eparring exhibitions at the Madicon Square
varden waa first suggested by himto Mr. hen-
nedy last Muy_ ‘his led to an interview be
tween Brady, Kennedy and Powers and the
representatives of the Madison Square Garden
Company at which terms were agreed upon for
‘eement
was rade that Brady, Kennedy and Powers
Were " aeide ihe oronts,,

Mr. Brady aal or Europe on May &1, and
while abroad the McGovern-Erne fight too

ace, from which he claims $31,000 was realized.
yn the night of the fight he saye that Kennedy
refnsed to allow his representative in the bo
office. When this fact was cabled to Brady a
Paris, he started at once for New York an

Strong—as Shoes which are meant to
stand rough usage should be. Comfort-

Low Priced Waists
Of Flanneland Silk.

Two kinds of handsome Waists we
want to tell about—both fresh and at-
tractive and extremely little priced for
their worth.

The Flannel One is que as pretty as
any Flannel Waist that the season has pro-
duced. The material is of good quality
and the colors are the delicate, new shades
that are to be popular this Fall. There
are tucks down front and back, brass but-
tons and a detachable collar of the mate-
rial, It is a very low priced Waist,

$2.75

The Silk One is made of excellent black
taffeta, with rows of cording in wide and
narrow groupe on the front, back and a

art of the sleeves, The detachable collar
s also of silk and there are soft cuffs.
LAUDS PIICES ONecs cccnas ceeccgscess $3.65

Second floor

A Low Priced Hurrying of

White Cotton Waists.

Room for more of them among your
supply? These are prices to make a
freshening of your stock of Waists worth
thinking about. They are as crisp and
dainty as the best of American Shirt
Waists may be, yet priced very much
below their worth.

Especially notable are some Waists of white
lawn with two insertions of embroidery
and clusters of space tucking in front.
They have tucked backs, dress sleeves,
soft cuffs and laundered collars and are
ORCODTIORAL VANE 8.0 s ccc ceccccvens 39c

Still better are some white lawn Waists with
five insertions of fine embroidery in front
tucked backs, dress sleeves, soft cuffs an

laundered collar. They are priced at...97¢

Waists made of a sheer filmy white lawn
with front of very fine allover embroidery
and clusters of fine tucks, tucked backs,
dress sleeves and soft cuffs edged with lace
are well worth $2.69, They are Paites
I

Second floor.

Golf Boots and Oxfords

For Women.

able—as Shoes which are to walk up hill
and down dale over the miles of a golf
links ought to be. Shapely—as Shoes for
dainty, tasteful women must be. All
these things these boots and Oxfords
are and low priced as well.

They are made of heavy tan Russia calf
with welted extension soles and rubber
disks in soles and heels. They have broad
round toes and are stylish and easy fitting.
Boots, $4.90; Oxfords, $3.98.

Tennis Oxfords with rubber outer soles and
Russia calf;

leather welt. Uppers of tan
FOUND (08 MEE, ccc oes ie
Seoond floor, New Building.

Fine Dress Fabrics
For the Lowest Price Yet.

Venetians and Broadcloths—black.

These are the fabrics of which your
finest street costume must be made this
Fall—so says Dame Fashion, They are
rich and smooth, like satin to the touch,
firm and strong, the black perfect and
lustrous.

1,000 yards of them, full 50 inches wide,
will be here for your choosing to-morrow
at the lowest price for which such fabrics

have ever been sold.......... 97c. a yard
Main floor, rear.

Boys’ “Wearwell” Suits
New Styled—Low Priced.

Old favorites, these “Wearwell’’ Suits
of ours; but smarter and handsomer than
ever in the new Fall colorings and patterns,
and the first lot of them will be here for
your choosing to-morrow.

With school opening only three weeks
away it is time to think of the boy’s out-
fitand these are unquestionably the best
and, quality considered, the cheapest
school suits obtainable. While only the
Strongest materials are used and they are
built with an eye to service, there is snap
and style in every Suit of them.

They are double breasted, made of all
woo! rough faced cheviots in the newest
olive brown checks and plaids and they
are perfect in fit and finish. :

An extra pair of trousers to match goes

with each suit, remember, Sizes 7 to 15
years and the price
$4.95.

Second floor, rear

 
   
  

| arrived here on July 25. He tried to see Ken-

nedy and Powers, but says that they avoided
| him. When the MeFadden-O'Brien fight took
ae on July 30 he went to the Madison Square
jarden and usked Mr. Kennedy what he meant
| by refusing to recognize his representative, and
| he was then told by Kennedy that he and
Powers had rearranged matters and that Brady
| Was ‘'not init.”
| It was as @ result of this information that
| David Gerber, Mr. Brady's counsel, made an
| application to Justice Fitzgerald for an injune-
tion to restrain the distribution of profit. thus
far made, whch are on deposit to be distributed
} on Sept. 1, when the repeal of the Horton law
goes into effect. Mr. Brady claims that more
than $80,000 were taken in from the three fights
already held in the Garden, and, further, that
the receipts of the Corbett-MoCoy fight on Aug.
80 are expected to be more than ho 000,
Chgrice H. Hoffman, who represents Kennedy
an a

eo oe saya raat Be. Brady was ong cons
u in reference to the appearance of James
3: Jeffries in the Garden an

The power for money saving of an entire month is concentrated in these last few days.

| fight on before Sept 1

How, is told below:

Our Annual Sale of

School Supplies Next.

School time before you know it.

So many of our friends have been asking about the sale that it seems

only fair to make this announcement of it.
Next Thursday will be Children’s Day here.

Wednesday afternoon's

papers will tell all about it in detail, how we have spent months in gather-
ing all the good things that were to be found—blank books, pens and pen-
cils, school bags, straps and many more, to sell to the young folks and to

their old folks at cost or below it.

There have been no school supply sales like those of this Store; but the
one next Thursday is to surpass them all in size, in cheapness. No matter
how many thousands of you come, we will be ready.

Wait patiently, please.

A Low Priced Freshening of

This Sale of New Furniture.

It has been the busiest August the Furniture Store has ever known—
we have proved once more that there need be no “dull” months if prices

are low, if it pays you to buy out of season,
keep until now some of the rarest bargains of the entire sale,

But we never hoped to
We couldn’t

have done it either if they had not been delayed.
As it is, 190 Chairs—all the samples of one of the best makers in the
country—the new patterns which he is to make for the coming season—

will be here to-morrow

For Less Than Wholesale Cost To-day.

They are in oak, Flemish oak, mahogany finish and mahogany, some

with wooden seats, others upholstered in tapestry, leather or velvet.

They

will go in a jiffy; but we tell of some prices to-day:

Morris Chair with reversible cushions of
velvet, value $11.00, $12.00, $1 3,00, $14.00,
$15.00, $16.00, $18.00 and $21.00, at
$5.00, $8.50, $9.00, $10.00, $11.00, $12.00,
$13.00 and $15.00 respectively.

Patent Platform Rockers, value $5.00,
$6.00, $7.00 and $7.75, at $3.50, $4.00,
$5.00 and $5.50 respectively.

Library Arm Chairs, value $5.50, $6.50,
£5.50, $10.00, $13.00 and $19.00, at $4.00.
$4.50, $6.00, $7.00, $9.00 and $13.06
respectively.

Rockers, value $3.75, $4.50, $5.00, $6.00,
$7.00, $9.00, $10.00, $11.00, $1 2.00, $14.00
and $138.00, at $2.50, $3.00, $3.50, $4.
$5.00, $6.00, $6.75, $7.50. $8.00, $10.00
$12.00 respectively.

There has been a freshening of the sale all along the line and from top
to bottom of the house there is not a Furniture need that cannot be supplied
at a big saving with the newest Furniture in existence to-day:

Parlor Suites. 3 and § pieces in ma-
hogany and mahogany finish, carved and
inlaid, the frames covered wtth satin
damask and tapestry:

3 piece Parlor Suite, regularly for $19.00
ii vatcassncs eitesar uc

3 piece Parlor Suite, regularly for $32.00
3 piece Parlor Suite, regularly for $40.00
Res sceceEhvace age abeaciesnis eee
3 piece Parlor Suite, regularly for $58.
OE cy cheisek act einiieeteuaiee $38.
3 piece Parlor regularly for $65.00
OE. ovvexccites tenets kereesiags $42.50
5 piece Parlor regularly for $35.00
We iisas ce tereiasake ty itesasacten $26.00
§ piece Parlor Suite, regularly for $55.00
Tree Pere |
§ piece Parlor regularly for $65.00
Ohi isexisans ; Weer. |.
5 piece Parlor
§ piece Parlor Suite, regularly for $85.00
Shiva ensvevsssccyeras tienes » +» $57.00
Diningroom Furniture. Quartered oak
Sideboard, top with bevel mirror 18x40,
base 24x50 inches, 3 swell top drawers,
1 swell large linen drawer, 2 closets with
carved door, claw feet, regularly $34.00,
at
China Closet of oak, 40 inches wide, 70
inches high, with bent glass ends, regu-
larly $18.00, at... cccccccsesecee QlGdO
China Closet of oak, 4 feet wide, 72
inches high, with twisted post on front, 4
movable shelves, groeved, regularly
PANE Bb 130042 $459 00004 RD $21.00
Oak Dining Table, extending 6 ft., value
BP WU i sess hd8C RR oad a Vian eS. $5.00
Quartered oak top Dining Table, extend-
ing 8 ft., carved legs and claw feet, regu-
larly $20.00, at... ccc ceeeee eee. 1450

Suite,
Suite, regularly for $75.00
suetvnen $50.00

Desks. Women's Writing Desks in oak,
maple and mahogany finish, regular
Dee Str ackveiareuics eee ecceees
Roll top Desk of polished oak, 50 inches
wide, 30 inches deep, 50 inches high
base has 2 pedestals, with slides and
drawers, also center drawer, regularl
$27.00, tse sccsscas scares ees $19.80

Brass and Iron Bedsteads. White
enamel Iron Bedstead, brass trimmed.
worth $4.00, at........ ete 2.08
White enamel Iron Bedstead, brass rail
and vases, worth $6.00, at......... $4.00
White enamel Iron Bedstead, bow foot
brass rail and vases, worth $7.00, at $4.78
Extra heavy white enamel Iron Bedsteads,
brass rail and full mounts, worth $10.00,
Extra heavy white enamel Iron teads,
bow foot, brass rail and full moun
worth $12.00, at..... eovececeeccee
Brass Bed, bow foot, 154 inch posts, with
T ball mounts throughout, % inch top
and bottom rod, 9 upright rods in head
and foot; well lacquered, worth $39

throughout, worth $50.00, at..... .$34.00
Bedding. Mattresses, pure black horse
hair, made up in A. C. A. ticking, 40 Ibs
full size, regularly $20.00, at...... $15.06
Black mixed Hair Mattress, full size, 40
Ibs., regularly $9.00, at $6.50
Rabbet edge Spring Bed, upholstered for
A DGG: vce vec in cceeee ensues
Iron woven Wire Springs, all sizes, regu-
ity $2,590, OS ccascrcccsetr vaca
Pillows of selected fine geese feathers, 3
Ibs., 22x30 inches, regularly $3.00, at
$2.25

Pillows of Geese Feathers, 3 lbs., 22x28
inches, regularly $2.00, at.......... $1.50
Goods purchased at this sale will be

held for later delivery if so desired.
Fourth foo

Men’s Dollar Scarfs, 29c.

Fact —a dollar would be a very moderate price for them.
wear bargains are cheap neckwear cheaper.
They will go by dozens and half dozens to-morrow, so

neckwear cheap.
be prompt if you would be sure.

Most neck-
This is quite different—good

They are flowing end border Scarfs, generously made of the fines#

twill silk.

Plain color grounds with borders in contrasting colors.

29¢.

Malin floor, front

A Remarkable Sale of Umbrellas.

For men and women and equally interesting to each,
These Umbrellas are made of excellent union taffeta silk and have

cases to match.

There is a large assortment of handles to choose from,

They are strong, good looking, long wearing and remarkably low priced

at 89 cents each,

This Mr. Brady agreed
to, but there was no understanding that Brady
was to bave auy interestin the profits

James L, Dunlap Again Charged With Usory.

James L. Dunlap, 37 vears old of 73 West
Fleventh street, was orraigned before Judge
McMahon of General Sessions yesterdiy, on a
charge of usury. Timothy Kee, who works in
a Fourteenth street dry goods house
complainant and says that on July 8 he went to
Dunlap to borrow $20, and received $15.16 in
cash, sianing five promissory notes aggregating
$20. Thus the interest he was required to pay
wae $4 4. The warrant was issued on an
indictment by the Gra d Jury acd Du lap was
held tn $1,900 bail for trial. Dr. James A. Camp-
bell of 820 West Twenty-‘h rd «treet,

the bail. Other charges of usury are pending

if he could get @ | against Dunlap in Special Sessions.

is the |

furnished |

|

Matin floor, front, left

GAVE UP THEIR MONEY.

Two Women Meet Highwaymen on the No: t)-
port Road.

CENTREPORT, L. 1., Aug Several deputy
sheriffs are bunting for two highwaymen who
held up two summer residents vesterday on the
Northport road. Mrs. Charles M. Whitney of
1056 Fifth avenue, New York who has a sum-
mer cottage here, and Mrs. George Townley of
107 Henry Rrooklyn, were the vietini«
Mrs, Townley is vi: iting Mrs. Whitney anit! ee
wereout fora drive towa d Raton s Neck. ‘i hee

handed over the contents of their purses aud
were allowed to go their way

street,

Remember Thie-
When an advertiser bas something of real
value to dispose of, he fire tgoesto Tas Oam's
e@dvertising columns with iL—Ads

——-

 

ssaieeeneenen meena teers nema eennenenee eeeeenearnee nen

Se ee

a nESRenenteienmeemneeenn eee aa