Te:
Oo SERA. arene

-

aaa

pn Seer nee

ik ead A
a ee eed

ee re
se

>

 

e
,
am
i
4
7
a
“=
1B}
=:
7
|
?
F
;
af
AF
ial
a

 

 

 

 
  

SOME NEW BOOKS.

The Latest Book About China.

Ma. Josepa Watton, M. P., has recently
@pent several months io the Celestial Empire,
and now sets forththe information thus acquired
in a volume entitled China and the Present
Orisia (Sampson Low, Marston & Co.). He
Visited most of the centres of political interest
and commercial activity and travelled over
6,000 miles in the interior of the country, giving
partioular heed to the commercial capablli-
thes of the valley of the Yang-tae-Keang.
He had interviews with many representa-
tive Manchus and Chinese and collected a
great deal of useful statistical data We
shall direct attention to some of these in-
terviews, after first noting what Mr. Walton
has to vay about Newehwang, Wel-hai-Wei,
Tientsin, Pekin and Kiao-Chou and about
the Americans and Japanese considered as
competitors of the English for the Chinese
trade, We shall look, finally, at the conclu-
gions to which he has been led concerning the
course that ought to be pursued by the treaty
Powers after the present disturbances have
been allayed. We may say at once that it is
gratifying to find hirn concurring In the belief
of our own State Department that, at the end
of hostilities, the great Powers ought fo set up,
@ither at Pekin or elsewhere, a stable and en-
Hghtened government, so that China may be
reserved for the Chinese, and the whole Empire
remain equally open tothe trade of all nations,

 

1

Mr. Walton reached Newehwang early in
August, 1890. This city, it will be remembered,
{s the only treaty port in the Province of Man-
ohuria, which extends over 390,000 square miles
and possesses an excellent climate, fertile soil,
great foresta and mineral wealth, Our author
found that Russia was rapidly acquiring a
military occupation of this great country.
He was informed that she had about 40,000
goldiera at Port Arthur and Talienwan, and
be can vouch for the fact that Russian soldiers
wereto be met with at every railway station
He traversed the branch line which runs from
NewcehWang to Ta-ahil-chao, a point on the
Ruasian main Manchurian railway, whieh,
at the date of his visit, had been built eighty
miles each way from the point named, Hun-
dreds of men were at work putting together
Baldwin locomotives and building wagons
and carriages. The wheels, axles and other
eteel and iron parts of the latter are sent from
America or Ruasia, and also the main timber
frames; these are put together, and the other
woodwork {is done at the railway terminus
The gauge of the Manchurian Kallway is that
ef the Russian lines, namely 5 feet, while the
gauge of the Newchwang extension of the
Tientain railway, built by British capital, is
4 feet 4% inches. Mr. Walton seems to have
po doubt, however, that the Russians will soon
acquire the latter road, They are already,
{t seems, buying up its bonds inthe London
market and there is a provision that the English
bondholders may be paid off at any time at three
months’ notice on receipt of 20 per cent. pre-
mium. It was expected that construction trains
would run over the Tientain extension line from
Newcohwang to Shan-liai-kwan by March, 1900
The constructors of this road, also, have or-
dered Baldwin engines from the United States,
partly because they are cheaper than English
engines, but mainly owing to English makers
being unable to undertake to execute the or-
ders in less than (wo years

Mr. Walton confirms what was known to us
from other sources,that the trade of Newch wang
is growing, The total value of imports and
exports in 1808 was £4,634,474 as compared
with £3,926,344 in 1807, The total tonnage of
the shipping cleared inward and outward in
1898 was 827,777 tons, to which England con
tributed 309,612 tons, Russia 4,452 tons, the
French nothing, und the United States 4,804
tons, The most remarkable feature of these
atatiatics is the enormous stride made by the
shipping trade of Japan, In 1897 the total
tonnage of the Japanese vessels in and out of
Newch wang was 86,000, while in 1898 it amounted
to 202,000, The main exports from Newehwang
@re beans and peas, bean oil and beancake.
The last-named cqmmodity is used as a manure
and is principally exported to Swatow,
Kwang-Tung and Japan. Mr. Walton points
out that the duties levied by the Chinese mari- |
time customs apply only to foreign shipping.
The revenue from this source throughout the
whole of China for 1898 was 22,503,597 taels,
which showed a diminution; there was a de-
Crease of nearly 4,000,000 taels on foreign opium
and 700,000 taels on tea. The falling-off in reve-
nue on opium is not due to the fact that a smaller
quantity is consumed, but to the fact that a
larger quantity is grown in Manchuria Apart
from the opium and tea revenue there was a
substantial increase in the returns from dutiable
articles, All duties, we may note, are paid in
the Hui-Kwan tael, which, in making up the
figures for 1808 was taken at about seventy cents.
The tael was originally a limp of pure silver,
weighing one ounce, but, by custom, it varies
in weight all over China. Roughly speaking,
it is equal to about one and a third Mexican
dollars. Besides the traffic carried on by for-
eign shipping, which alone is subject to
the duties levied by the maritime customs, an
enormous trade is done in native junks between
Newchwang, Corea and the minor coast ports
ef China, which are not included in the statis-
tices. Attention is directed to the hindrance to
trade involved in the Chinese regulations pro-
hibiting the export of foodstuffs. This pro-
hibition a@lves rise to no end of bribing on the
part of agriculturists and merchants, in order
that the native officials may look the other way
when a cargo of grain is being loaded for ex-
port. We are told that no less than £85,000
worth of millet and other grain was smuggled
in 1898 out of the ports of Newehwang and
Chefoo for Corea. Mr. Walton had reason to
expect that the trade of Newchwang would
show a considerable increase for 1899 over the
preceding twelvemonth, and he is convinced
that, when the railway system of Manchuria
and the Newchwang extension line shall have
been completed, the trade of this port will ad-
vance by leaps and bounds, provided it has
fair play. He observes, however, that Lord
Salisbury's demand for the insertion of a stip-
ulation in China's concession to Russia that
the goods of British traders should be carried
over the railways constructed tn Manchuria
by the Russians on the same terms as Russian
goods was not conceded, It remains to be
seen, therefore, whether the Russians will,
by the imposition of differential rates, strangle
the great trade which other foreign merchants
are doing with Manchuria through the treaty
port of Newehwang. It will be recalled that
our State Department lately requested an as-
surance upon this point, but that the reply of
the Pekin Government was ambiguous.

 

On his way from Chemulpo to Chefoo our
traveller had sighted Wei-hai-Wei and got
au excellent view of the eastern entrance,
which is three miles across, but too shallow
to admit men-of-war, The western inlet, on
the other hand, is a narrow, deep-water ohban-
nel On a mountainous island between

station, a site has been selected which will
be invisible from the sea, and have a natural
and complete protection against bombard-
ment from outside, Mr. Walton examined the
chart, and found that in the greater part of
Wei-hai-Wei Bay the water is only three and
a half fathoms. The deep-water anchorage
appears to be limited in extent, and, unfor-
tunately, is not protected from the fire of an
enemy by the island, but lies directly oppo-
site the deep-waterentrance. The Chinese have
fortifications on the shore, but these, it seems,
the British are disregarding. There is a range
of high, bare hills at the back of Wei-hai-
Wei, but practically no timber, and the popu-
lation along the coast was very thin, Our
traveller was told by a man likely to be well
informed that the Japanese really effecte 4
the capture of Port Arthur by bribery, and
that they had subsequently offered a sum of
money to Admiral Ting, the Chinese com-
mander at Wei-hai-Wei, if he would hand over
the latter place to them. Ting indignantly re-

the offer, and fought to the death at the

these two entrances is to be placed the naval | part of August, 1890

soldiers fied. Mr, Walton was informed that,
from time to time, the range of the tide varies
very much at Wel-hai-Wei. Not long ago
it was #0 low, even in the deep-water portion
of the harbor, that all the vessels were aground,
including the men-of-war

Subsequently, on his return from Pekin,

Mr. Walton paid a visit to Wei-hai-Wei, and
made up his mind that it would be of very
little value to Great Britain, Me found that
the broad eastern entrance, perfectly accessi-
ble to torpedo boats at any point, made the
harbor comparatively useless as a naval base,
unless an enormous defensive break water should
be constructed at a cost possibly of two or three
million pounds sterling. Certainly if the
harbor is to be left in its present condition,
it is at the mercy of Russia's great naval sta-
tion at Port Arthur, only eighty-five miles
away. The place might have been made a
much frequented commerctal port, but Mr. Bal-
four, unasked by (Germany, telegraphed the
Rerlin Government, when the British took posses-
sion of Wei-hai-Wel, that they had no intention
of connecting that harbor by railway with
the Province of Shantung. Mr. Walton
characterized this statement at the time as
a fatuous one, whereupon Mr. Balfour retorted
that the construction of a railway from Wel-
hai-Wei into the interior of Shantung was
a physical impossibility. Mr. Walton, when
at Wej-hai-Wel, ascended Centurion Hill,
which is the highest point of the island, and
500 feet high, from which he obtained a far-
reaching view of the adjacent region. “I
wished,” he saya, “that 1 had had Mr. Balfour
with me, and been able to show him thata
railway could be made to connect Wei-hai-
Wei with Chefoo, a distance of sixty miles,
without having to surmount any ground of
an elevation of more than 100 feet.” Un-
happily, the pledge given to Germany by
Mr. Balfour prevents the execution of such
a project. Under the circumstances, Mr.
Walton {# of the opinion that the sooner Eng-
land hands Wei-hai-Wel over to the Germans,
and allows them to constrict a railway con-
necting it with Chefoo the better.

Our traveller's visit to Kiao-Chou was made
on Sept. 4, 18999, This place,is on the east coast of
the great Province of Shantung, containing A
population of 37,000,000, and was seized by the
Germans in 1897 as reparation for the murder
of German missionaries. ‘The entrance to the
magnificent bay, which covers 140 aquare miles
at high water, is only a mile and three-quarters
across. On the left ts Cape Evelyn, 516 feet
high, while on the right fs a low-lying promon-
tory. Chin-tau, the present port, Is outside
the entrance tothebay and exposed to easterly
gales. The Germans intend to place the port
inside of the hay, and are already engaged
in conatructing two breakwaters at a cost of
£250,000. Substantial stone buildings are being
rapidly erected on the site of the prospective
town of Kiao-Chou and there is already a large,
first-rate hotel. Mr. Walton was much itn-
pressed with the courage, eneray and enter-
prise which the Germans were displaying in
this part of the Celestial empire. “They ap-
preciate,” he says, “the enormous possibilities
which China offers for the development of trade,
and put to shame our ‘iovernment, who are
still pursuing a policy of drift and are failing
to take adequate measures to maintain or
advance British interests." The author of
this book examined the new harbor works
and the construction works in connection with
the railway which the Germans are building
to Tsinan, a place about 900 miles inland from
Kiao-Chou. This railway, they anticipate,
will be completed ia two and a half years. It
will he connected at Tsinan with the railway
which is to be built from Tlentsia to Chingkian
jointly by the Germans and British

 

Our traveller notes that, on quitting the
railway station at Tientain, hia jinriksha passed
through the French settlement, wherein he
observed that all the streeta bore French names. |
On entering the English settlement, he found
himself dashing along a so-called Victoria Road.
The buildings in this settlement, he aays, are ex-
cellent structures of atone and brick, and, gen-
erally, while in the European quarter of Tien-
tain, it was diMflcult to imagine that you were,
in China. The English settlement had a munici-
pal council which looked after sanitary affairs,
lighting and so forth. The freehold of the |
settlement {a the property of the British Crown, |
which has merely granted leases to the present
occupiers. In sixty years’ time, unless the
leases are renewed, the whole of the property
in the settlement will belong to the British |
Government without any payment on its part.
The residenta are very enterprising. They
have taxed themselves not only with the cost
of providing a public garden and a commodious
town hall, but, in 1899, they were subscribing
a large sum of money for the purpose of deep-
ening the Pel River by closing numerous canals,
The great hindrance to traffic at Tientsin is the
bar at the mouth of the river
could be easily removed, but the Chinese Gov-

 

ernment objects on the growd that the bar

is a protection against the entrance of foreign i!
jin

warships. The total value of the export and
import trade at Tlentsin in 1898 was £10,045,008
The importa included very large quantities |
of British goods. The tonnage of vessels
entered and cleared in 1896 was 1,877,116 tons,
to which British shipping contributed no less
than 571,484 tons. Notwithstanding the mag-
nitude of England's commercial stake in Tien-
tsin, Mr. Walton was assured by every man
he met there, including all the principal mer-
chanta, that the British Government were
not supporting British rights and interests
in North China, “They asserted that our
prestige and influence at Pekin, where it was
all-powerful only five years ago, has vanished.
To-day the only chance of a British subject
securing the redress of a grievance or the set-
tlement of a dispute is to pay some foreigner to
take over the transaction and to deal with
the Chinese Government through the repre-
sentative of his own nation.” Mr. Walton
says that the British merchants tn Tientsin
were desirous of constructing a railway from
Pekin to Kalgan through the Nan-Kou pass,
which is the principal outlet by which the wool,
akins and general produce of Mongolia and
Kan-Suh oan he brought to Tientsin. In re-
turn, Manchester piece goods and other British
manufactures would be taken When the
merchants informed the British anthorities
of their wish to undertake this work, they
were informed that Russia objected on the
ground that Kalgan was on the Creat Wall.
The Anglo-Russian agreement was supposed
to deal with Manchuria only, but, in reality,
Mr. Walton found that it exchides the British
and hands over to the Russians not only Man-
churia, but Mongolia, alao a huge tract in the
Province of Chih-li, and the Province of
Sin-Kiang, or Fastern Turkestan. Our author
concludes that the knowledge of geography
on the part of the British Foreign Office was
so defective that it was unaware of what Russia
was obtaining by the expression “North of the
Great Wall of China,” when it allowed these
worda to be substituted for the one word “Man-
churia.”

Mr. Walton's visit to Pekin was made in the
He tells us that he
ascended the Great Wall surrounding the Tatar
city--a wall forty feet high, and, at the base
fifty feet thick—and passed along the top for a
mile or so to the great central pagoda over the
main entrance, The view commanded by this

pagoda is extensive, as Pekin is situated on a)

The city contains every-
Rehind

perfectly flat plain
where an abundance of fine timber

the plain as a background riins on the west a |

range of bills, making I’vkin attractive from a
scenic point of view. There is, however, prac-
tically no drainage whatever, and naturally the
smells encountered everywhere, coupled with
the filth and dirt, somewhat lessen one's pleas-
ure, Our traveller would not, however, on any
account have missed seeing Pekin. The narrow
streets through which one had to pick one's
way were crowded with people pursuing their
various vocations, and moving to and fro with-
out a thought, for the most part, of the great
world outside their city: and indeed, with few
exceptions,in complete ignorance of tbe political
events vitally affecting their great Empire,

which bave been occurring in rapid succession | astrous effect upon British interests in Ching

,

{
This, it seems,
|

 

 

 

head of his bluejackets, whereas the Chinese | duringthe previoustwo years. Mr. Walton had
heard much of anti-foreign feeling, but though
he passed freely along the streets, beyond a cer-
tain exhibition of curiosity, he did not see the

Slimlitest display of incivility

Mr. Walton learned, while in Pekin, from one
of (e private secretaries of LA Hung Chang,
that the Board of Foreign Affairs, known as the
Tsung-li-Yamen, haa really no executive power.

The members of the board hear statements,

and then report through their President to the
This council considers
the matters submitted and attaches to the doou-
ments presented a piece of red paper on which
If they do not arrive

Grand Council of State

their decision is written,
at A Unanimous conclusion the opinions of those
dissenting are also recorded. The members of
the Grand Council go to the Imperial palace
every morning at daybreak and are received in
audience by the Empreas Dowager. All the
documents relating to affairs of state are then
submitted one by one for the Empresa’s ap-
proval or rejection. She signifies her approval
by making a stnall spot on the margin of the red
paper with one of the brushes with which the
Chinese write, Inthe absence of this indieation
of sanction on her part the matter falls to the
ground, Her decision is absolute and final,
Members of the Grand Council, usually ten in
number, and those of the Tsung-li-Yamen, are
appointed solely by the Empress, and one and
all are liable to instant dismissal by her The
Grand Council may be regarded as the Cabinet,
and is mainly composed of those who preside
over the boards controlling the various de-
partments of state, The deposed young Em-
peror occasionally site beside the Empress
Dowager when she receives her Ministers

From all the information Mr, Walton could
glean at Pekin he is convinced that a serious
blunder, far reaching In its consequences, was
made by the British Government when it tamely
allowed the deposition of the Emperor Kwang-
su in 1898 and the usurpation of the throne
by the Empress Dowager. The young Emperor
was undoubtedly in favor of reform and of
the opening of China to trade, whereas the
Empress Dowager waa known to be reactionary
and anti-foreign Under her rwe the most
unenlightened, corrupt and anti-foreign place-
hunters obtained office. Mr. Walton regards
as scandalous the way in which the British
Minister not only acquiesced in the coup d'état
but subsequently arranged with the Empress
Dowager to give a reception to ladies of the
British and other legations. This proceeding
was tantamount to an emphatic offictal eanc-
tion of the Emperor's deposition and of the
Empress’s assumption of his place, It en-
couraged anti-foreign feeling and discouraged
and depressed the party of reform, Mr. Walton
holds the policy then pursued responsible for
the lives of scores of patriotic Chinese reformers
So far as our traveller could learn, a substantial
maJority of the inhabitants of China are opposed
to the dynasty now ruling the Empire. The
Manchus, however, are a more warlike race,
and dominate the natives by garrisons stationed
at various centres of population throughout
the Empire. Now, however, that the drift of
events is in the direction of the absorption
by Russia of the Manchus dwelling in Man-
churia and the North of China, itis pronounced
not improbable that the Chinese may ulti-
mately succeed in throwing off the yoke of the
Manchus and in setting up a purely native
government Meanwhile, Mr. Walton deems
{t certain that the Chinese reformers who are
numerousin the south would favor the restora
tion of the rightful Emperor rather than the
continuance @? the Empress Dowager in power

Iv.

While at Pekin Mr. Walton forwarded through
a member of the British legation a letter of
introduction from Lord Charles Beresford to
Prince Ching. amember of the Imperial family,
and, at that time, President of the Tsung-li-
Yamen. Areply came that his Highness would
be pleased to give the visitor an audience at
the Yamen at 3 o'clock in the afternoon. Ina
very few minutes after Mr. Walton's arrival
there Prince Ching came in to the audience
hall and the presentation took place. Three
other members of the Tsung-li-Yamen sa,
at the same table with Prince Ching and the
visitor, their secretaries occupied seats on a
sort of couch which ran ali around the room
fixed to the wall, while other attendants stood
and listened to what wassaid, ‘This proceeding
is usual, it seems, at such audiences, and the
fact that so many individuals hear everything,
even atthe most important inter views, accounts
for the impossibility of keeping seoret any-
thing that happens at the Tsung-li-Yamen
in regard to political or other affairs, We are
told that the Prince appeared to be an honest
and straightforward man, and put some very
pertinent questions. His references to England
were most friendly. He said he had always
regarded her as the friend of China, and had
been greatly di-appointed at her refusal to
give the Pekin Government such support as waa

needed to enable it to resist the demands of

other Powers which had involved violations
of the Treaty of Tieutsin. Mr Walton says
that he assured his Highness that the only
hope of averting the partition of China lav

First, the promptasettioment of all outstand-
ing differences with England and other Powers:
secondly, a resolute refusal of concessions vio-
lating treaty rights to other nations; and,
thirdly, the acceptance of assistance from
| English, Japanese and American offloers in the
immediate revrganization of the Einpire’s mili-
tary and naval forces. His Highness, it seems,

expressed « hearty approval of the line of policy |

advocated by our author, and state | that it
would receive his serious consideratio

Mr. Walton next proceeded to Li Aung
Chang's private residence, where he found one of
the latter's private secretaries, Mr. Pethick, an

American, who had arranged the interview,
awaiting him, and who was to act as interpreter
“His Excellency asked me," he says, “a great
| many questions, some of them of an almost
impertinently inquisitive character; but, on
|

theother hand, he made many inquiries about
politieal and commercial affairs which revealed
how complete a grasp he had of the presant
| sitation.” Mr. Walton urged upon him the
| necessity of adopting, as the sole means of

'
| preventing the partition of China, the policy |

which had been previously submitted for the
consideration of bis Highness Prince Ching
Ti Aung Chane also expressed a cordial
approval of his suggestions and stated that if
they could be carried out he was prepared to
devote the remainder of his life to the service
of his country Failing this, he considered
the situation hopeless and would remain in

retirement Mr. Walton did not accept the
} Assurances given to him by his eminent inter-
}locutor with entire credulity ‘It is usual,”

he observes, “for Chinamen to be polite enough
to profess to agree with whatever tho-e who
| interview themsay. It was, therefore, impos-
| sible to know whether these distinguished men
| really agreed with what Lurged upon them,”

| Our traveller received some data which he
regarded as important from Mr. Hillier, the
manager of the Pekin branch of the Hone Kong
and Shanghai Bank, who has been in China
for many vears, and la said to speak the language
like a native. He we are told, the
| confidence of many of the most enlightened
j and able Chinamen to an unusual extent, and
has aceess to channels of information which
} make him one of the men most conversant
with what is happening from day to day in Pekin
| He told Mr. Walton that. beyond a doubt,
a mutually defensive alliance between Japan
and China had nearly been effected at a certain
juncture, The Empress Dowager, who had
been at one time favorable to the Russians,
became alarmed at their excessive demands.
She and Prince Ching were in favor of seeking
| the coSperation of Japan in the upholding
of the common interesta of the two countries
against Russia. The eunuchs, however, of
whom there are about two hundred in the palace,

|
|

 

enjoys,

 

 

and who share with certain Manchus the
“squeezes” which are obtainable as things
how stand, vehemently opposed the project.

Their opposition and the distinct intimation
given to the Pekin Government by Russia
| that such an alliance would be looked upon
as an unfriendly act, and would surely be at-
tended with setious consequences, caused the
Negotiations to fal through. Mr. Hillier,
we learn, held very strong views! as to the dis«

ent te ee Lh ~ 2h

 

 

which has been produced by the lack of a firm

and definite policy on the part of the British Gov~-

ernment. He regarded the loss of England's

prestige and inftuence at Pekin as the outcome
| of a succession of humiliating surrenders.
He was of the opinion that the adoption of a
vigorous and unswerving policy, in concert,
if possible, with those Powers which do not
desire the partition of China, was imperatively
necessary if England's position was to be re-
trieved.

   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  

 

v.

Of singular interest, also, was the interview
which our traveller had at Newchwang with
Mr. Chen-Yu-Ting, a Chinese merchant. This
gentleman gave at considerable length his
views on the political situation in China as it
existed in August of last year. He expressed
the belief that his country might find iteelf
any moment on the eve of a great crisis. He
described the Empress Dowager as having
“tucked the young Emperor under her arm,
and won't allow him to move.” He should not
be surprised, he said, to hear of her death at
any time, as she was then 65 years of age, and
broken in health through incessant worrlment
with the cares and intrigues necessary to main-
tain her position, When her death should
occur, there would probably be, Mr. Chen-
Yu-Ting thought, three factions striving for
mastery in the Middle Kingdom. One would
be under Jung-Iu, the Generalissimo of all
the forces in North China and nephew of the
Empress Dowager; he was against reform
and anti-foreign, Another faction might be
headed by Kang-Y¥!, a member of the Grand
Counetl he and Jung-Lu had together broken
down the reform party, but he would play for
his own hand should an opportunity arise.
The third faction would probably be under
the leadership of Prince Ching, who last year
was President of the Taung-li-Yamen; he is
a collateral relation of the present Emperor
and was regarded by Mr. Walton's Chinese
interlocutor as, to a certain extent, patriotio
and in favor of reform. These are all Manchus;
there would stil] have to be taken into consid-
eration the Cantonese, among whom are to
be found the majority of Chinese reformers,
and who might obtain the support of the Chi-
nese generally in an effort to deprive the
Manchus of the governing power.

At the same time, the fact was not disguised
by Mr. Chen-Yu-Ting that the local charac-
teristics and prejudices encountered in each
province would place difficulties in the way
of a union of fprees. Each province pays and
controls its own army; the weakness exhib-
{ted by China in the war with Japan was to a
considerable extent due to the circumstance
that the different armies and the different sec-
tions of the navy did not work together. Mr.
Walton asked whether there hed been any
improvement in the organization and equip-
ment of any provincial armies since the war
of 1804-95, and was told that, though the an-
tiquated gun known as a “jingall” Is still used
in some parts, yet armies like those of Chang-
Chih-Tung (Viceroy of Gunan and Hupeh) and of
f.tu-Kun-Y¥t (commonly described as Viceroy of
Nankin) had been furnished with modern rites.
Mr. Chen-Yu-Ting expressed the belief that. when
the inevitable struggle should take place between
the Manchus and Chinese, or among diferent
sections of the natives, Russia would take ad-
vantage of the crisis, and, advancing south of |
the Great Wall, would seize as much of China
as possible, She would first oceupy Chih-li, |
Shenal, Kansuh and then Shans! and flonan |
At the same time, he thought that the Pench |
would advance from the south and endes ‘or |
to annex a large portion of Southern China, |

'

 

and, if possible, penetrate far enoug® nort!-
ward to enable them to join hands with Russia
in Svechuen. He said that young China corm-
prised many men who were true patriots holding
enllghtened views, but, as regards the people
at large, he considered it no wonder, in view
of the fact that they have heen studiously re-
preased for 2,000 years, that they lack
the qualities of self-reliance, courage and pa-
triotism, the want of which leaves them at
the mercy of any strong power to-day.

In his opinion, the only hope for China was
to have its army reorganized under British
officers, and he did not think that the educated
Chinese on the coast of China would object
to the aasistancs of Japanese officers also.
Mr, Chen-Yu-Ting proceeded to tell his Eng-
lish visitor that the men then in office at Pekin
were for the most part in Russian pay. He
added that Russia was well aware how superior
China {s to Siberia, both in climate and In agrl-
cultural resources, and he deemed it not sur-
prising that she should endeavor to acquire
as much of it as possible. He thought that the
English ought to give greater facilities for the |
naturalization of Chinese at Singapore and |
Hone Kong, and that they ought to follow
the example of the French Consuls at Bankok
and instruct British Consuls to
naturalize all Chinese applicants at every
treaty port throughout China. He said that,
| if any inhabitan’ f India comes to China,
he enioys protection as a British subject, but
if a Chinese resident of Hopg Kong or Singa-
pore comes to China, he fails to receive such
protection, unless ho bas fulfilled the condi-
| tions of naturalization which, at present, are
dificult to comply with. He directed atten-
tion to one of these oonditionsa, namely, the
cutting off of the pigtail and the adoption of |
| Buropean dress, and contended that these things
ought not to be insisted upon. At the close of the |
the |

|
|
|

and Saigon,

Chinese merchant expressed
the opinion that Russia had placed herself |
ko rapidly in military occupation of North
China that Enaland, in all probability, would |
not have time to finish the construction of
a railway from British Burmah to the Upper
Yangtse before the crisis broke out and that
| therefore, her true policy, if she did not wish
to be squeezed out of China altogether, would
lie In giving every assistance to the creation |
|

interview,

 

and organization of a powerful Chinese Army,
thus helping the Chinese to help themselves.

vi.

It was Mr. Walton's good fortune to have
interviews with both of the two great Vice-
roya who rule the middle and lower sections
of the Yanegtae Valley, and seem likely to
play important parts tn the reorganivation of
the Empire. [t was at Nankin that he met
Lin-Kun-¥i, the Governor of the provinces of
Kiangsi, Anhui and Kiangsuh, containing
collectively over 64,000,000 of human beings
The visitor found him old and feeble, but de-
scribes him as “one of the most powerful men
in China: he holds enlightened views, and is
patriotic and honest.
| health prevent his actively promoting the

adoption of a strong and drastic policy of re-

form. He seemed to be in a state of despair,
and anxious only to be allowed to retire from
office, He thinks any reform movement, to
be effectual, must begin at Pekin. A strong,
able and enlichtened ruler could alone lay the
foundation of the regeneration of China. He
considers the corrupt officialdom ought to be
dealt with, but he fears it is almost an impos-
sible task. He is very friendly to England,
but cannot understand why the British Gov-
ernment shoud have allowed Russia to ride
roughshod over China, and deeply regrets that
our influence and prestige have been destroyed,

He would welcome concerted assistance from

those nations which do not desire the parti-

tion of China in the reorganization of her mili-

tary forces, but fears the dificulties in the way

of thie are insurmountable, He pathetically
explained that Russia would be sure to object
and that China must obey her, unless the
friendly Powers should be prepared to assert
themselves very differenuy from what they
had done hitherto. Another hindrance would
be the lack of money.” It seems that Liu-Kun-

Yi has been a Viceroy over twenty years, and

is of the highest rank. We scarcely need re-

call the fact that Viceroys have enormous power
in China, a separate army and navy being
created and controlled by them in each of their
separate provinces

It was on Sept. 28 of last vear, at the city of

Wochang, that Mr. Walton obtained an audi-

ence from Chang-Chih-Tung, Viceroy of the

Provinces of Hunan and Hupeh, which, he

tween them, comprise over fifty-two millions

of inhabitants. The Viceroy is depicted as an
intelligent-looking man, with bright, alert eyes

‘

 

Flis age and state of

THE SUN, SUNDAY, AUGUST 26, 1900.

 
 

 

a gray beard and finger nails more than an inch
long. Many Chinese of high rank grow them
| even longer. He wore a conical hat made of
reeds lined with scarlet; it had also a long scarlet
| fringe suspended from a scarlet button on the |
top. His flowing garment was of violet silk

lined with blue and from his neck were suspended /
numerous strings of round buttons of various
colors, denoting the wearer's rank and official
station. It seems that in China you keep your
hat on during an audience. Mr, Walton's in-,
terview lasted nearly two hours. Determined
to make the Viceroy talk about the existing
situation in the Middle Kingdom, he led off by
announcing himself as an Englishman whose
policy was China for the Chinese as opposed
to partition and added that he had come all
the way to the Celestial Empire for the pur-
pose of ascertaining from statesmen like him-
self how, in their opinion, the object could be
best attained. The Viceroy seemed doubtful
and suspicious for the first half hour, after
which he conversed freely, and there was &
friendly interchange of views. Itisto be borne
in mind that Chang-Chih-Tung is regarded as
one of the most influential men in China, and
that, unlike the majority of Chinese officials,
he is honest, patriotic and progressive. We
are told that, though he has never been out-
side his native country, he evinced a wonder-
ful grasp of the laws, institutions and modes
of government of European nations. He
agreed that, if England, America and Japan
should give China their joint assistance or
should exercise their influence on her behalf,
her independence could be preserved, He
thought that small outstanding disputes could
easily be settled. At the same time, he sald
more than once that he had to do only with
provincial, and not with Imperial affairs, and
that, while he gave his opinions in a friendly
way, he had no authority to interfere in the
matter of railway concessions or other Im-
perial affairs. Learning that his visitor had
an audience with Prince Ching at Pekin, he
pertinently asked whether Jung-lu had been
present, adding that the latter was Prime Min-
ister and Generalissimo of the Chinese Arny,
and then all-powerful in China, Prince Ching
being really the leader of the Opposition.

In the statement made in the House of Com-
mons by Mr Walton on March 30 of this year
after his return from China, he contended that,
in view of the alarming news then already cir-
culated as to the disturbed condition and antl-
foreign feeling of various parts of China, joint
action should be taken by the treaty Powers
to replace the Emperor Kwang-su on the throne,
there being no doubt that his sympathies were
in favor of reform and of the further opening
of his country to trade. He also drew the at-
tention of her Majesty's Government to the
fact that the Pekin Government would be
powerless to resist mutilation on the part of
other Powers unless she should be enabled to
reorganize her naval and military forces. He
pointed out that this could not be done unless
her revenues were considerably increased.
He, therefore, maintained that the time had
come for a revision of the customs tariff in
China, and that the maximum import duty
of 5 per cent. should be substantially increased,
on the condition that not only riverside towns,
but also the whole interior of the country should
be thrown open to foreign trade, and that some
satisfactory arrangement for the equitable
levying of the Li-kin or inland transit dues
should be arrived at. He thought that the
increased revenues thus obtained should be
ass gned to specific purposes, and should be
payable only on condition that an amount
agreed upon be expended on the reorganiza-
tien of China's military and naval forces under
officers Jointly provided by those Powers which
do not desire the partition of the country. He
was confident if joint action to those ends were
taken by the United States, England, Japan
and Germany, it would be difficult for Russia
and France to hold aloof.

In a chapter written at a still later date for
the present volume, the author submits his
views rewarding the situation which has been
created by the siege of the legations at Pekin.
The first duty of the Powers, he says, is to
restore law and order where anarchy and blood-
shed now reign, and then to set up & more
enlightened and stable Government in China,
fle thinks the great Viceroys of the Yangtse
region, Liu-Kun-Y¥i, Chang-Chih-Tunge and
others, who are believed to be doing their ut-
most to protect foreigners and to maintain
order throughout the vast territories they
govern, should be included in the Govern-
ment which will have to be formed under the
protection of the Powers, To encourage them
and to strengthen their hands, he suggests
that it should be distinetly intimated to those
Viceroys that, not only can they rely on re-
ceiving any assistance that may be needful
now, but that the Powers will guamantee to
them the fullest protection hereafter should
any attempt be made to Inflict punishment
upon them in consequence of their friendly
course, The Chinese people could then, with-
out fear of contradiction, disclose their real
inclinations, and Mr. Walton, for his part,
ia confident that it would be found that the
reformers are not an inconsiderable body,
M.W.A.

Richeliea,

The latest contribution to the “Heroes of
the Nations” series is a volume entitled Riche-
lieu by JAMES BRECK PERKINS (Putnamse).
The author has earned a place of honor among
Aimmerican historical students by his previous
works, “France Under Mazarin,” “France
Under the Regency,” and “France Under Louis
XV," all of which books were distinguished
for first-hand investigation and original views,
Tt might be presumed at the first glance that the
book before us does not deserve equal commen-
dation on the score of independent research,
because footnotes are entirely lacking. We
learn, however, from the preface that the plan
of the series to which this life of Richelieu
belongs does not allow any reference to authori-
ties, Asamatterof fact, the present biography
{s based upon an examination of original sources
ef information, including Rtchelleu's own
memoirs and letters, together with many un-
printed documents to be found tn the Affaires
Rtronctres and in other public offices at Paris,
Our author also acknowledges some tndebr-
edness to that part of the elaborate life of
Richelieu by M. Hanotaux which has appeared
and, so far as the details of the French Gov-
ernment in the timeof the great Cardinal are
concerned, to an essay on Richelieu et la Mon-
archie Ahaolue by the Viscomte George d' Avenel,

The principal events in the life of Richelieu
are familiar, and we shall only glance at soma
less known incidenta before indicating the
author's view of his character and adminis-
tration. Comparatively few biographers have
paid due attention to the fact that Richelieu's
insatiable ambition pointed at times to pre-
eminence in the Church as well as in theState
So far aa the temporalities of the Chureh were
concerned, he helped himself with a free hand;
inanageof pluralistsa he was a leviathan among |
such offenders. Mr. Perkins does not under-
take to give a list of the various livings which
the Cardinal held, with the most of which
bis relations were confined to drawing the
emoluments; it ia noted, however, that hie income
from them all amounted to the enormous sum
of a million and a half livres a year. He also
succeeded in having himself elected General
Superior of the monasteries of Cluny, Citeaux
and Premontré. The Pope, however, was
apprehensive of conferring so much power
upon a man whose actions he could not con-
trol, and refused the necessary qualifying
bulls, except for Cluny. In the course of the
Thirty Years’ War, the Cardinal sought an
ecclesiastical office which would have been
more important than the generalship of any
number of monasteries. The Archbishopric
of Treves, which, as it is well known, was an
independent ecclesiastical principality, was
ailied with France, and the Prince-Arohbishop
was a friend af the French. The Archbishop of
Treves was one of the seven Eleetors of the
German Empire, and the office was filled by
the promotion of the eeclesiastic who should
happen to be coadjutor at the death of the
reigning Elector

At one time, French agents began to exert
themselves to secure Richalieu's election as
coadiutor, and thus secure his succassion to
the Electorate. If their plan could be carried

,

 

 

a German prince, he would control the fortunes
of an important German Electorate, and he
would be entitled to cast a vote in the choice
of an emperor of the Holy Roman Empire.
The relening Elector was favorable, or, if not,
dared make no opposition; the members of the
chapter were reluctant, but Mr. Perkins is
evidently of the opinion that French Influence
aided by French money, could have secured
their votes, Here, again, Richelle encoun-
tered stubborn resistance from the Pope. His
opponents declared that it would be monstrous
if a French Minister became the ruler of a Ger-
man Electorate; the partisans of established
usages were shocked by the idea, and it is im-
probable that even friendly German prince:
viewed with satisfaction the prospect of the
Cardinal, packed by the power of France, be-
coming one of their number, At all events,
these arguments convinced the Pope, who
declared that, by the rules of the Church, the
electorate could only be held by a German,
that the election of Richelieu would be irreg-
ular, and that it could not receive the Papal
sanction. Richelieu was not ready to defy the
orders of the Pope, or to assume a position
which could result only in his own excommuni-
cation; he acquiesced in the decree, and aband-
oned his hopes of becoming a German orince.

Rumor frequently declared that the Cardi-
nal, weary of these bickerings with Rome,
considered the poasibility of an open rupture
and cherished the dream of becoming the
Patriarch of an independent Gallican (hureh.
It is certain that he wished to be made per-
petual Legate of the Papacy in France, and was
bitterly disappointed when his desire was not
gratified. After the surrender of La Rochel!o
the victorious Cardinal might naturally have
expected this honor. Cardinal Wolseley had
been Papal Legatein England, Cardinal George
of Amboise had been Papal Legate in France;
Richelieu exercised a power equal to that of
either of thase statesmen, his services to the
Church had been no smaller, and he was en-
titled to no less reward. I[n 1629 he made 4
solemn entry into Montauban after his victo-
ries in Italy and southern France, and among
the devices which ornamented triumphal arches,
the cross of a Legate was seen, combined with
the crown of a Duke The designs had been
prepared by a follower, and it is not likely
that he suggested future honors without the
approval of him for whom they were intended.
But the Holy Father never saw fit to entrust
Richelieu with the authority of Papal Legate,
which in his hands might be exercised with
little regard for the Papal will; the Cardinal
Duke was never to bear the Legate's oross.

Richelieu could have become Papal Legate
and remained an obedient Catholic, but the
position of Patriarch he must have assumed
in deflance of the Papacy. “FE.very one,” writes
Grotius from Paris in 1688, “gives the fair dig-
nity of Patriarch to the Prime Minister.” At
times, Richelieu might have listened with com-
placency to rumors which declared that he
might rule a chureh, acknowledging no alle-
giance to the Bishops of Rome. He never for-
got, however, that he must limit his ambition,
and his boldness was tempered by a clear judg-
ment of what was feasible. Mr. Perkins deems
it unlikely that he ever seriously contemplated
a step that was sure to end in failure. It was
impossible that a Pope would willingly con- |
sent to the creation of a patriarchate in France,
and it was most improbable that a Pope could
be forced to consent. The assumption of such
a dignity at the request of the Gallican Church
would have been revolt from Rome, and what-
ever might be the Cardinal's own grievances,
there was no popular discontent with the Pa-
pacy; no body of active proselytes, aroused to
action by religious abuses, would have assisted
an effort to repudiate the Papal authority. If
Richelieu had seriously advocated such a
meagure, not even his power could have se-
cured its success.

What were the precise relations between
Richelieu and the Capuchin monk, Father
Joseph, in whom some persons have imagined
they could discern the inspirer of Richelicu's
polley, the power hehind the throne? Mr.
Perkins, for his part, believes that the
Cardinal found inspiration in his own genius,
that he was 1 man of greater intellect than
Father Joseph, and that it was he who de-
termined the policy which the monk was al-
ways ready to carry into execution. The
man who was to become famous as Father Jo-
soph belonged to the old parliamentary family
of Le Clerc, who added the name du Tremblay
from a domain that had long belonged to them.
Francois Le Clerc du Tremblay was born in
1577, and was consequently eight years older
than the Ttatesman of whom he became a de-
voted follower. After finishing his education
at the University of Paris, where he acquireda
knowledge notonly of Greek and Latin, but also
of 8 anish and Italian, he made a tour in Italy,
joined the Court of Henry IV., and, at the age
of 2, served with credit at the siege of
Amiens. From his youth, however, he had
evinced a strong tendency toward a religious
life, and, willingly relinquishing a life of pleas-
ure, he enrolled himself in his twenty-second
year in the order of St. Francis, choosing the
rigorous discipline and ascetic poverty of the
Capuchins. The man who later was to be the rep-
resentative of Richelien's policy, even when {t
angered the Pope and alienated good Catholics,
began his career by enterprises which endeared
him to believers, but seamed foolishness to the
worldly-minded. Father Joseph combined in
curtous mixture intellectual qualities that
seemed far removed from one another: he
could have been an assistant of Veter the Her-
mit or he could have discussed political schemes
with the most worldly of elghteenth-century
prelates, and they would have found in him
an adroit coadiutor, He waa, in truth, an
astute and not altogether scrupulous diplo-
mat, doubled by a hedge priest.

Mr. Perkins is convineed, that, had Father
Joseph survived Richelieu, the foriner woud have
suoceeded the latter in his position at the headof
affairs in France. Grotius wrote in 1635 that
there was no doubt about the matter. The
author of this book expresses the opinion that
it was fortunate for France that Father Joseph
died first, because, although possessed of un-
tiring energy and unusual diplomatic skill, |
he might easily have wandered into political |
vagaries when no longer guided by Richelieu's |
good judgment. Notwithstanding the weak- |
nesses of Mazarin'’s character, he is pronounced
better fitted to carry out with success the policy
which Richelieu had devised. As a matter
of fact, Father Joseph was not destined even
to become a Cardinal. Mr. Perkins can find
no foundation for the story that Richelieu
was faint-hearted in seeking this honor for
his follower. The great Minister was loyal |
to those who were loyal to him and was above
all petty Jealousies, but the Pope was willing |
to indulae his grudge against both Richelieu
and Father Joseph by refusing the promotion.
There was a plausible excuse. A Capuchin
was bound to renounce earthly honors, and
the pomp and state of a Cardinal were unsuited |
to one who had taken the vows of poverty
and humility. However commendable might |
be this position, it had often been disregarded, |
and another Capuchin then sat in the Collage |
of Cardinals. Mr. Perkins has no doubt that,
in spite of the unwillingness exhibited by the
Pope, the honor would, at last, have been |
bestowed, France as a Catholic Power had the |

'
|
|

 

 

right to demand the nomination of a certain
number of Cardinals, Although Father Joseph
was passed by in various promotions, the Franch
representatives continued their solicitations,
and, in 1638, it was said that Urban VIII. had,
at last, agreed to grant their request. If
the promise was sincere, it came too late. In
that year Father Joseph was stricken with
apoplexy and it was clear that he had not long
to live. He was himself unwilling that a Car-

dinalate should be bestowed on a dying man, |
and, accordingly, the French Ambassador

at Rome informed the Pope that the nom- |
ination was withdrawn and transferred to

Mazarin, who thus, in 1641, at the age of 39,

obtained the honor of a Cardinal's hat,

No great man has more zealously advaiwed
the fortunes of his kinsfolk than did Richelieu
He married one of his nieces, Mile De Rréra
to the Duke of Enghlen, that prinoe of the |
blood who was to be the hero of Rocroy, and
as Prince of Condé, was to play so con-
spioucus a part in the wars of the Fronde.

out, the French Prime Minister might become |

| minds us, a man's character nay be Vinal

   
 
 

 
 

   

Another niece, Mme. d'Aiguillon, he made q
Duchess, and left to her great wealth, The
Cardinal's second brother was taken from a
monastery and made first Archbishop of Aix,
afterward Archbishop of Lyons, and, finuily,
promoted to the eardinalate. The Marquis
of Brezé, who had married one of Richelion's
sisters, was made Captain of the Guard, a Mar.
shal of France, the Governor of Anjou, and,
afterward, of Brittany His son was selectad
by the Cardinal as one of his lewatees, and on
him was bestowed the duchy of Fronsae and
numerous other posgeasions When a very
young mao he was made Admiral of Franca,
and a great career seemed before him, but,
at the age of 27, he was killed at Orbitello Pémg
Courlay, one of Richelleu's nephews, recetved
from his uncle the position of General of the
Galleys, a well-pgid office, but his expenses
exceeded his revenues and the extravagance
was never forgiven. In the Cardinal's will
this nephew was passed by, but hisson, Armand,
was not only chosen toinherit thetitleof Duke
of Richelieu and the largest share of the testa.
tor's estate, but he also replaced his father tn
the position of General of the Galleys. He was
the ancestor of the Marshal Duke de Richa
lieu, so well known not only tn France, but all
over Kurope during the latter half of the eigh-
teenth century,

The fortunes of another branoh of the
Richelieu family possess a certain Interest,
Marshal La Mailleraie was Richelieu's cousin
on the mother's side, and by the Cardinal's
favor attained to eminence and wealth. Many
years later, when Mazarin came to select a hun
band for the niece to whom he purposed to leave
the bulk of his enormous wealth, he was embar-
rassed in the choice, There were many sultore
for the greatest heiress in Europe, the favorite
niece of the minister who ruled Franoe. Charlee
Il. was refused because he was an exile. The
heir of the Courtenays, who had once sat on the
throne of Constantinople, was refused because
he was too poor, Of less illustrious aspirants
there was noend, Mazarin at last selected the
youne Mailleraie, and Mr. Perkins deema tt not
impossible that he was in part influenced by a
wish to ally his family with that of the Cardina),
who had been his patron and exemplar. The
choice was not a happy one. The husband
proved little better than a lunatic, while the
wife had the wild blood of the Mancini tn her
veins, He would have exhansted the patience
of the most enduring of wives; she would have
destroyed the peace of the most judicious of

husbands, Naturally, their household came to
grief. The Duchess of Mazarin fled from

France. She had refused to marry Charles
I]. when he was a fugitive, and she hecame his
mistress when he was a King.

No figures are given for the value of Richa
lieu's estate, and our author finds {ft difficult
to compute it. It is certain that his wealth
was very great. Few of the multi-millonatres
of our own day have left estates which in pur-
chasing power would exceed that of the Car-
dinal's. His property was accumulated during
the eighteen years in which he was Prime
Minister; it was not gained in commerce or
speculation, but from the emoluments of office
and the liberality of the King; in other worda,
it was acquired at the expense of the public,
Thirty years before, when Bishop of Ligon,
he had to sigh and sweat to gather a few hundred
crowns with which to buy a@ service of plate.
When he became Minister his financial con-
dition had improved through his family in-
heritance and the Queen's favor, but he was
not a rich man. In 1634 an Inventory was
made of his estate and his income was then
500,000 livres, without considering the value
of his chateaux and works of art. This was
equivalent to an income of half a million dollars
in our day. He had been Minister ten yeurs,
and in the eight years that remained to him
his wealth must have largely Increased. The
revenue from his estate was but asmall part
of the income which he enjoyed. In addition
to this were the emoluments of numerous ec-
clesiastical offices, and the stil) larger emolu-
ments of still more numerous political
offices, productng in all an income which
allowed him to spend = 4,000,000 livres a
year, and still leave a great fortune to his family.
In those days there was money in politics,
It is pointed out, however, {mn Richelleu's de-
fence that his money was not gained in ways
that were then regarded as corrupt. He had
not jobbed in Government contracts as Mazarin
was sometimes to do; he had not plundered
the treasury as Fouquet was to do continuously;
he made no profit by the sale of offices and
received no gifts from foreign Powers, though
neither of these practices was unknown to
statesmen who were regarded as reasonably
honest. At times he had been disinterested,
and he declined to receive some of the enorniots
perquisites of his office as Superintendent of
Marine. Doubtless he could say that, great
as was his wealth, he could with ease have
doubled it.

In an estimate of Richelfeu considered asa man,
Mr. Perkins expresses the opinion that his
intellect, though acute, was not original, and
that his character, though vigorous, was not
exalted. Nevertheless, he gained a position
in the world, an influence in the politica of his
own country and tn Europe such as is rarely
held by any one not born to a throne. and not
often by a hereditary sovereign. Among the
great statesmen whom France has produced,
among the astute and ambitious Cardinale
and Bishops who have held high political oMfes.
Richelieu occupies a place by himself: he was
sagacious in his policy, tireless in his activily
and remorseless in hisanimosities. He possessed
various qualities which excite admiration. A
man of great courage, he was never turned
from his path by the machinations of enemies,
and never discouraged by difficulties or failures;
he bore calamities with firmness, and would
not make peace without honor so long r- he
could borrow money to buy guns or had men
left to fire them. Such dauntlese resolution
is the more exemplary when found in a feeble
and sickly body. This infirm valetudinarian
was as steadfast in his purpose as if he possessed
the vigor of a centaur, and as undisturbed in
adversity as if he had nerves of stee!

With these masterful traita were mingled
many weaknesses, The Cardinal loved » mp
and splendor; he had none of the elevation of
mind which disdains the insignia of State and
the trappings of wealth. He wus a vain man
fond of applause; he found pleasure not orlr
in well earned tributes to his achievement a¢ @
stateaman, but in the praises lavished by hiun-
ary poets and obsequious retainers on the poor
rhymes he wrote and the second-rate plays
which he indited. The subtlety of his charac-
ter was perhaps indispensable in the atmo
phere of deceit and plots amid which he lived,
but, while cunning may be a serviceable quai-
ity, It is not an heroic one. Imperious when he
held power, he had been obsequious when he
sought it; no one had flattered the great moa
adroitly when he was himself a person of sma'!l

account, If his treatment of Louis X11] was
required in order to preserve hia influence over
that vacillating monarch, it showed the skill
of an adroit courtier rather than the simji@
frankness of a strong nature. His imyplaci-
bility, or what his enemies called his hloodr-
min ness, has been regarded as a serious
defect. It is admitted by the present biograr hot
that the Cardinal was a cold man, unwavering
his animosities and merciless in the infliction
unishment, His charities were few and far
tween, he was not tender hearted, and it |*
doubtful if he was greatly disturbed, either by
individual suffering or by general conditions
of distress, The people of France thought
that the great Minister gave little heed to ther
miseries, and they were probably right in their
opinion. The Cardinal sat in his pala. ©0
they declared, surrounded by splendor
which they had paid, planning campaigns ard
otting the ruin of his enemies, with litts
hought of those upon whom fell the burden
of war and taxation, and who gained from 't
neither benefit nor glory. Richelien, in tr!
was hated by his contemporaries of hig! d
low estate, but, as the present hingray!
aha
and his policy costly, and still the results ot | 4
career may advance the interests of his ce
try. Such would have heen his reply if any
one had had the temerity to say to his (9
that, in their hatred of him, peer and peasant
were on terms of perfect equality tie fat
certainly found many an adnurer omorg *
ceeding generations Those who world !
his merit recognized point to the great act
ments of his career, It is a fact that diserd
Was repressed. the law was enforced, fro 4
and pillage were checked. France had !
known #6 vigorous an administration at |
or ever exercised so mucy influence abr
her armies were victorious, her teprtore*
Were incmased, she controlled the destinies
of Europe. The stateaman by whom #iic)
things were done was ® great mas.

i