0)

 
 

CAUSE OF WOMAN,

THE

(mip

srrepy IN ITS RELATION TO

HE WOMAN QUESTION,

Interesting Results of Prof, Earl

vate Work in Californta and tn England
ot cal Discontent and Rebellion
the Geographic Aspect
Question tn America,
soeenllied “child
lismissed as a fad,
pros-
various
the
investigators
vr Karl Barne Worle

. ! t tor education
hear

Uifer

omer
Bar
the t nive
Among Wi
of the suffrage

study”
y Pa he

“ue t that if intetllae

re e light on the

ue One

of

®
‘ nl

cane very
among ¢
“wopr that most ehil-
‘il that kept the walls

 

tnet was that each m
iren to be the exeeption
e Iwo years ago Prof
England, to do

ittracted so much at
; ‘ eorjes that he was pressed
jag the iversity and a perma-
i offered to him, Among
hes there he had the
nosed to the boys and
hoola who were about 12

bridge

man or @ woman

why?

rather bea
. v ind

who returned answers only
one be-

4 y to be women

euse than men,”

nuch more
ie female sex is good

doahha { About 85 per cent. of the
The reasons given

wed a pathetic ob-
cay in wh men are 4a
: wid wronged in the labor
seat I rrood that a man's lot Is far
F arni’s Most of the boya
because she has
f babies and
want to he men
| mother do
isa that the father
“They pay men
are always cheated
tion dies.” “A
me and enjoy
d have a holi-
afternoon and Sunday.”
rid, but women
me.” “Men can talk politics
nae elong to trades
heeause nobody will
men will take hers,
women in the

e omen

! ' ,
girls ah

cnr

ich w

in
{ <e { take «

» girls

are «

the

e rel
wn way at?

rk is done a

*Arm7n 2 ere wre ce a2 ean = ®
>

tas , } ver the w

_ =
-

e plenty of W
] vet ere are too many
the answers given by
A few
ris wrote: “I would wish to bea
God's will.” “I would
becalise nature made
ontent.” “I would

she has feeling
ust feeling
to be a woman so
Men just hit
tem and swear at them and make them
have to suffer and be strong

<a are some of
y little creatures,

wuse it ia

have

noble jot
an epitome of
of the present
it is
the 1 tunate result eondi-
industrial changes, of
s) but here we
embryo, and
tment it is
From the cradle these
vast difference
and of women, almost
They have
in the home, but ex-
i labor, politica,
re useful than
i inuot be anything
ile A min bus many chances of be-
it, &@ Worman hasn't any.” These are
f scores of similar childish opin-
>not the result of any agita-
but simply the honest ex-
un, clear-eyed opinions of a
are preternaturally acute.
represent insmall almost precisely what
if the same question should
i similar number of grown
: tless would be impossible to
fod even two out of 302 men anywhere who
vob wn. Whethor 65 per
omen would voluntarily remain
{e ’ \fter re experience ol the
‘nh added to the observation of the
+ extremely doubtful. Those who
well-cared for, relieved of respon-
t overburdened with child-bearing
“ta large measure of freedom, pos-
t woeven a greater proportion
to have been born women
taken of the masses, of the
f the overworked mothers
f the badly-treated wives, of
inners, of those am-
une, for the power to
‘tiom may be safely
1 be found to have

In this symposium We have
Women
discontent

of new

  

ming nter

 

baerved the

have

men

the fe

between the lot of
w) youn
it mn

rer

favor of

st conspicuous

 

A imism

 

 

tea

ulna,

P the k

 

1 oft

 

  

 

 

 

 
  

 

awainst the fate which
¢
of

i une men. The
f one *r cent. would the Divine
faa sustaiced by the pious belief that women
~ than men of getting to

natead

  

eet tea ere ecm we eer

1a be r chan
aver

this story? Does any
for this discontent
Admitting that hy
lly handicapped in
this be are
increasing this
cle which custom
ibie to devise? The
oman has been to this
{ by nature for, many
therefore it is the duty

Is there a moral to
temedy suggest itself

 
 
 

shall
for
|

  

 

 

   

 

 

     

 

Women are demanding only what is reason-
able and just and right- almply fair play, If
our advanced civilivation stands for anything
fair play among nations
it our own Goverh-
means equality of
|

it stands for this
and among individuals,

ment means anything it
rights-not merely between man and man,
but also between man and woman. The man
who is unwilling to grant to every other mnan,
and to all women, the full liberty whieh he
himself enjoys is not entitled to that liberty.
Women do not desire to take away from any
man one single right whicu hey they
only want individual freedom for themselves
Let the man who denies this sit down in sell-
and search his

}OSSOSKOS,

look himself in the face

tuct

     

 

| il for Justifieation
| fu @ recent article on coeducation Prof,
Ellen Hayes of Wellesley Collexe cute the
crest of the Boaton Transcript for declaring that
} “the question is by no means settled in the
) Rast, however it may be in the Weet.” She says:
j Phe Transcript does well to recognize the geo
espect of the question, t it quite overestt
tInportanve of baste pints na custora
‘ worth noting West of the eventy
j sista meri there is no ior®e college for
wore neither is there any larcve college or
| niversity that does not admit women. The
West, from the Alleghantes to the Pacifie is not

had we better doin this

| 4s:ing New England, What
part of the development

natter? Cofducation is a

of the West. Colleges and universities, estabilstied
| by private muniflcenes, open wide their doors to
Women, Butitisthe State university, with (ts rast

it it is hard for the male |

| leges, were Iidicative of a general socia
| toward the allenation of men's atfairs and w
| affairs

 

Tease these disadvantages to

e extout You are not as

. yeically, therefore you must

rfun for bodily developrnent
tress, by the geymuasinm, or by |

* Your brain is net equal to

ity therefore vou shall net have

rvelop it by ns of an educa-

re not competent to follow the

tions of men, therefore you

4 ved to prove by actual ex-
C \ \ his may be a mistaken
rg Io tT you to held property
; r wages would bring about
° eretore you never shall have
“ to demonstrate the truth
: ef You know nothing
eer ’ » of governinent, theres
rl kept in ignorance and denied

‘

ne « logie should be apniled
’ a Ir TOW posses *--by nature
{ ‘ ; rant and you have the
tha therefore God intended
the nin that condition and
Soule i rule over you. What chance
fase? stor the development of these
& ! y, our first move is to
he * to plaice these men in smb-
ew te t f trust and responsibility
$ 'e tor Kisher ones, and to arouse
ped, ' the promise of full. power
' prepared for it. Exactly
’ ’ “ohas been employed in

e imong all of the so-called
Fs t has been made
oe flown to the iferior position
Ratna ‘won declared that God and
® instead of offering every
' enable them to rise above
and the few brave
mat wi » have recognized their
: tive) fhumanity have had to
mind which has been
ade has proved the
: ‘ omections urged against
‘ oz bt does not lessen the oppo-
tey The right of woman to
the right to the highest
in Coeupation, to control
atilength have heen
ire ended Men
ity the eontinnal demand
they are pleased with
Women have
on oof this
nfringed
The battle
* government ps
“wight to a finish
the vietory
et for this universal
There
e the cause (ine
let he «ick unto
ha. ever-increasing
SNe te

 

 

 

  

 

her
td 1Opy Posen
wt 1 they
. ' o doing

i e in th

have

 

 

he women’

Recure
wed of the
would
women
of lite
gence whe dow
1@ dissatisfaction
® tease that the ranks
cing constantly
. are led hy the
‘ oroen, and that surrender

  

#iits

row

the pay rhe
war of ‘seu @ merely @ question of Ume, | to talk oF sing to ber as she worked.

| meu of two separate State university
|
!
|
|

| alone is resy

back ground of high sehools, to which the young peo
ple of the West are looking more and more for thetr
education ° * * A bill proposing the estabilsh
plants, one for
young men and another for young women, would
meet quick derision lu any Western legis ature.
Because the Kastern colleges for women are
full to overflowing, the Transcript draws the
conclusion that public opinion believes “sepa.
rate education to be the safest and most satis-
that there are
colleges in the
ral to that of
and that

factory It ignores the fact
only three or four wornen's
country whose curriculum is e

the better class of men's col

  
 

es,

parents who object to coeducation and yet
want thoir daughters well educated, must
erowd them into these few sehools, Prof,

llaves makes this strong point:

It is 4 mistake to suppose that the Eastern colleges
for women afe furnishing the mejor contingent to the
ra sof the educated women of the couatry. In one
of these colleges 45 per cent of its students came last
Year from New Lngland only, and nearly a thirdof
the wile number enrolled were from Massac! u-etts
alone ‘Phe number of Western women tn Eastern
colleges for Women will bear no comparison with (he
Great aggregate of Western women who enter the co
ecucational institutions of the West And this ag
Cregate is increased by women fron the East

The article closes with this paragraph

If Eastern opinion and example ruled Western
Opinion and action, if the views of a few wundred stu
deiits In New Englangd made any serious difference to
the whole country, if preference fora division of ia
terests of boys and girls as manifested tn a few col-
movement
men's
the matter might indeed be consicered as hav
ing @ Krave sociological aspect. Butan examination
of the dominant facts makes {(tolerably clear thane
disturbance over coeducation Is local and untinpor-
tank [tis bestnotto take New Engiand provincial-
isin Woo seriously,

To enter into an extended argument tn favor
of coeducation is like threshing over old straw.
That question is settled, and Tray, Blanche
and Sweetheart can do no more than bark at
its heels.

 

 

In Mr. Bryan's Indianapolis speech accept-
ing One-third of his nomination, he called upon
the world at large to “Behold a republic in
which every citizen is a soverign.” In an
interview, a few days later, he said: “Give
us the right to lewislate and we will setde every
question Which concerns the American people,
but when you take away from us the right to
govern ourselves, then that is the question
which must ‘be settled.” A short time ago,
when asked his views on the enfranchisement
of wornen, he said he “had never studied the
subject and could not give an opinion.” Would
Mr. Bryan consider any citizen “a soverign”
who was deprived of the right of representation?
Whom does he mean by “us” when he says,
“Give us the right to legislate,” and talks about
“Taking away from us the right to govern?"
Does he mean simply “us men?" And if this is
not “imperialism,” what is it?

 

 

One of the most prominent newspaper women
in California is Miss Mabe] Clare Craft. After
taking a degree at the State University she
comnpleted the full course of the Hastings Law
College and then took up newspaper work for
the love of it, and has been for a number
of vears one of the principal reporters on the
San Francisco Chronicle, When the soldiers
came home irom the Philippines she was put in
full charge of the “story,” with ten reporters,
a tug and a ldaunch under her supervision, For
her remarkable services here she was rewarded

 

by being made editor of the “Sunday Supple-
ment,” which she now has conducted for nearly
a year, which {s distinguished for its lit-

erary features, “And 80, you see, the univer-
sity education tells in the end,” she writes ina
private letter, “I do take such pride in show-
ing that A woman can get out the whole sup-
plement, as well as that sloppy mush called
the Woman's Page. You wilt rejoice with me
in the fact that its circulation has very largely
increased, for this shows that the public does
want something up to date.”

The husband who has appealed to THe Srw
to know what influence he can bring to bear in
order to reclaim his wife, who is becoming a
hopeless drunkard, should be referred to a
coramitteee of those wives who are continually
engaged in this same struggle with intemperate
husbands. Generations of drunken men have
produced the inevitable consequence. The
old theory that the whole family could depend
on the righteousness of the wife for salvation
isnolongertenable. Science has demonstrated
that the dauchters are likely to inherit the ten-
dencies of the father, and thus there is even
more danger that a taste for intoxicants should
be transmitted to them than to the sons. In
omen times the rigidity of public opinion held
this inclination in check in the case of women,
although it frequently found vent in the use of
drugs; but modern relaxation along these
lines, the ease with which they can procure
liquors of all kinds, the social customs which
permit their use, undoubtedly are resulting
in considerable intemperance among women
Men have reason to feel alarmed. It is pos-
sible that they may have to experience in some
degree what women have endured for centu-
ries, They may learn the utter uselessness
of argument or appeal. In agony of spirit
they may see the home wrecked, the children
abandoned, the family disgraced, while they
look on in the helplessness of despair. They
never can realize what women have suffered
fromm this cause until they themselves have
passed through the Gethsemane. And what
then? Will men and women go down together
into the depths? Or will men join with women
in the redemption of the race?

lhe Catholic Total Abstinence Society of
4meriea, at its recent annual convention,
adopted a resohition to establish these societies
among women, and declared in the preamble:
“The virtue of a nation is never higher than
the virtue of its women. The mothers. form
the habits of the voune.” The old, old way
of putting the whole burden of responsibility
on woman! Fathers have just as much in-
tlhence as mothers in torming the habits of
children, and all the mother's precepts are
often nullified by. the father’s example. He
ponsible for the conditions beyond

  

 

 
 

the small compnss of the home, and it is these
which determine most largely the habits of
a lifetime, No more obligation rests upon
women than upon men to uphold the virtue
of a nation, The latter always have claimed
the privileze of leading intemperate, Iminoral
lives, and have delegated to women the task
of keeping the nation temperate and moral,
Now they are sending their cries up to heaven
because women too are drifting toward in-
temperance, The time may not be far dis-
tant when men will realize with an awful shock
that the moral standards which they set for
women abo are leaning in the direction of
those they set for themselves. And perhans
this discovery will hasten the time when there
shall be but one standard and it shall represent
all that is purest and best and strongest in
both men and women, Tbs HrsTep Harrrrn

AT THE BIRD STORE WINDOW.

 

Many People Whe Stop to Look tn at the Pets
on Exhibition.

There are few of the city's many show win-
dows that attract more attention than the
bird store window. There are always people
looking in here, at the birds or at the small
animals shown, squirrels and that sort of thing:
and it might be that at some familiar place
often passed one would see always a bunch of
men and boys thus engaged, commonly, enough
of them in number to cover the window front,
and often so many that they would stand look-
ing over one another's shoulders to get a look in.

It is a window that attracts men of all ages,
men of years as well as young men, perhaps
because they love the birds or the animals,
or because the sight of these things takes them
to nature, to the flelds and the woods. Children
of both sexes and all ages love the bird store
window and flatten their noses against its
panes, Not so many women stop, though
perh aps more would if there were not already
there <o many men and boys, for, when op-

portunity presents, women do stop As, for
Instance,one seen the other day at the window

 

 

of this shop, where almost always there are
people looking in She had a bbe bundle of
trousers wrapped around with a oth, held
in her arms in front of her, which she was carr

She stopped and
nat the birds

sine

ine work oon
looked in at the bird store window,
in the cages, birds of various kinds and
the men had

home to

 

and colors, interested in them a.
Ya but apparently in a different sort of
way It seemed as though they interested
her more in a personal way: it was as thoual
each bird had to her an tndividualits They
were not associated in her mind with vistons
hunting and of creer, “elds and of the woods
selves

 

and so on, but regarded for their persona
slone and she would have jiked to have one
| of those pretty birds to keep her company and

SSNS

ORMS WORTH READIN

   

 

The Meantain Climbers,
From the Westminster Gasette.

Toward the high places of the earth they strain
Painfully, with strong effort, and at last
Teach the far peaks esernally made fast
With tee and snow, lest man, there dwelling, stain
The great white silence; none can there remain
And live yetall who through that alr have passed
Dream of returning, and long glances cast

| Back from the languld safety of the plain

Friend of my heart. Ab! I remember when
We gained the soul's high places hand in hand,
And knew of things undreamed on common days,
Alas! we migtit not stay there; but since then
We €o with faces set unto that land,
Revurning thither through divided ways

Love.
From the Denver Evening Timea,

And what istowe? Its a thrill
That percolates thr ughout your breast
And sweetly lickles you untl

You're in a state of wild unrest!
It is an effervescing sense

Of sparkilng rapture; sort of fizs
Of heavenly bectar so intense

It makes you urunk with bilsal
A s¥ect phantasmagorian dream

That comes upon you whie awake
And monkeys alth you tl! vou seem

With pent up bliss to fairly ache!
And that is love; at least that be
The way it always works on me!

Porsig McSwat,

It is

 

Pilot, Lan’ De Boat!
From the Denver Evening Post.

De win’ Now soft from de heavenly sho’,
Vilot, lan’ de boat

Ow’ backs soon carry de loads no mo’,
Pliot, lan’ de boat

De han's on deck an’ dey all done ewine

To hit de bank wif de long tow line,

Den de ransom’ cliiliun ali rise an’ shine,
Pilot, lan’ de boat

De roostehs stan'in’ ‘roun’ de long stage plank,
Pilot, lan’ de boat.

Soon gwine to lanch ‘er to de Zion bank,
Pilot, lan’ de boat

De bright sho’ crowded wif de angel ban’

Come down to de levee fo’ to see us lan’,

Dey'll tell us howdy" wif a welcome han’,
Pilot, lan’ de boat

She's loaded down wif de poo’ los’ sheep,
Pilot, lan’ de boat

De current's swif' an’ de wateh's deep,
Pilot, lan’ de boat.

De wheels poun’ nard on de riveh's breast,

De sun gwine down inde flery west,

We's nea’ de po't of eternal rest,
Pilot, lan* de boat

We's all dead weary, fo’ de trip was long,
Pilot, lan’ de boat.

De deck han's singin’ de landin’ song,
Pilot, lan’ de boat

De toll an’ sorrow ob de trip am past,

De flag done lowered from de Jackstaff mast,

We citmb de levee an’ we make her fast,
Pilot, lan’ de boat

De steam’s shut off an’ she's roun'in’ te,
Pilot, lan’ de boat,
De captain singin’ wif de coal-black crew,
Pliot, lan’ de boat
We hea’ de tinkle of de engine bell
De waves wash de landin'’ from de ol’ boat's swell,
Fa'weil, ol’ riveh, bid yo’ long fa'well,
Pilot, lan’ de boat

 

 

The Empress Dowager.
From the San Francisco News-Letter,

In the turbulent Land of the Jasamine,
Of the queue and the almond eye,
A lady rules sand vor bet she rules!)
\nd name {tts Just Tsu Tst
Though she isn't the hub of a woman's dub,
New woman and all that game,
She's an unadorned Feminine Autocrat,
And she gets there (you bet!) Just the same.

When she wants a thing done tn her happy realm,
He it murder of waror Joss,
She never lacks friends to accomplish her ends,
And it's easy to see who's boss;
Though she's much iike the queen who @ thousand |
years back
Ruled the roost as {mpertal dame,
She ein @ive ecards and spades to your up-to-date
matds,
And slie gets there (you bet!) Just the same,

 

 

She Isn't so much on the platform spiel,
On ballot box talks and all that
Nor does she appear in a masculine @ear,
In trousers and brother's suff hat;
She's too much engrossed with «flairsof her own,
‘Some neat little tricks | could name),
To worry or vex with the woes of her sex—
But she gets there ‘you bet!) Just the same,

She isn"t emancipated at all
Like dames of our clvilized climes;

What she doesn't know about Herr Max Nordau,
Would fll Nordau’s books many Umea

Bhe's ‘downtroddet, shackled, the servant of maa,
Oppressed with her hertiage, shame"—

But {n spite of her fate I'm constrained t relate,
She gets there ‘you bet!) Just the same,

Bhe doesn't talk much on her natural right,
Rut she'll stand for a row in Pewin,

And ber wink on the quiet ts good for a rot
Among the riff raff of Tlentsin.

And many 4 noble who wears the blue plume
Turns pale at the sound of her name,

And sad!ly refiects that, inspite of her sex,
She gets there (alas!) Just the same

For she tsa relic of years gone bi
Before women were ever “new,”*
When Indies like Kate in Slavonia sate
Dictating what Peter should do,
Or that naughtier Kate of the Mediet line
Brought nations to glory or shame,
And ruled by the wile of a pout or a smile,
And got there (you bet!) Just the same,
W. A. Inwr.

Song of the Little Villages.

From the Boston Piiot.

The pleasant little villages that grace the

givnns

Down among the wheat flelds

The little white-walled villages

towether.

Clinging to the Old Sod tn spite of wind and weather:
Ballytarsney, Ballymore, Ballyboden. Boyle,
Rallingarry, Ballymagorry by the Banks of Foyle,
Tialliylaneen Ballyporeen, Bansba, Kally@adare,
Bally brack, Ballinalack, Barna, Ballyclare.

Irteh

up amid the whina,
ectrowding close

The cosy little villages that skelter from the mist,
Where the great West Walls by ocean spray are
kissed:
The happy little villages that cuddle in the sun
Whee, blackberries ripen and the harvest work ts
one
Corrymecia, Croagrhakerla, Clorher, Cahireiween,
Capnaharoe, Carrigaloe, Cashel and Coosheen,
Castiefinn and Carrie tobill, Crumlin, Clara Clane,
Carrigaholt, Carrigalins, Cloghjordan and Coolrain.

The dreamy little villages, where by the fire at night,

Old Sbgnachies with ghostly tale the boldest hearts
effrig¢ht

The crooning of the wind blastis the walling Ban-
shee's cry,

And when the sifwer hagels stir they say the fairies

sigh
Ki'fenora, Kilfinnane, Kinntty, Killylea,
Kilmoganny,. Kiltamagh, Kilronan and Kilrea,
Killasiandra, Kilmaecow, Killiney, Killashee,
Killenaule, Killmyshall, Killorgiin and Killeagh

  

Leave the little villages, o'er the black seas go,
Learn ihe strange’'s weleome, learn the extle's woe,
Leave the iittle villages but think not to forget,
Afar they'll rise before your eyes to rack your bosoms |
yet.
Moneymore, Monevgall
Mullinahone, Mullinavatt,
coin
Shanagolden,
Silane,
Toberaheena, Toomyvara, Tempo and Stabane.

Montivea and Moyne,
Mullagh and Moon-

Shanballymore, Stranortar and |

On the Southern Lianos ~ north where strange light

gleams

Many a yearning exile sees them In bis dreams;

Dying votces murmur (passed all pain and care)

“Lo! the little etllag:s, God has heard our prayer.”
Lisdoonvarna. Lissadil, Lisdargan, Lisnaskea,
Porigienone, Portariington, Portumna, Portmagee
Clonegam and  Clonegowan, Cloondara an

Clonae,
God bless the little villages and guard them nighs

and day!
JAMES B. DOLLARD.

 

When It's Hot.

From the Chicago Times- Herald.
When it's hot, mighty hot,
Don't believe it 'f your ue ghbor says {t's net
Very hot
Always keep your old thermometer located at @ spot
Where you'll not
Fall to notice that it's hot,
And be sure your every thought
Shal! be centred on some subject that ts hot,
That is bolling, seething hot—
Hot, hot, hot, hot, hot!
Take yourcoat of and your collar off and swat
Any man who trics to tell you that it's not
Nalfas hot
Here as where the happy, happy Hottentot
Anda tot
Of your other fellow creatures have to squat
In wae Bh aeew sof the palms, where ice is never, never
rougbt
W here a cold is never caught—
Fan yourself and keep a- going on the trot—
Keen complaining that it's hot,
Keep declaring that it's rot
To Lmagine that It's not
Heastiy hot,
Hot, hot, hot. het, hot, hot, hot, hot—
Always fume and fret and bother when {t's hott

The Kiss at the Door,

From the Newark Daily Advertteer,
In the days of the lance and the spur,

 

 

     

 

Wien the hero went forth to the Nght,
Of he corried a token from her,
Wiom he worshipped as lover and knight
And when lerce surged the battle around,
And when close essed the merciless (oe,
"Twast to'ven that drove off despair
And gave vichuy's strength to his blow,
Nota hero of knighthood am I,
Het a warrior in industry's steife,
Where the lance that | wieldis my pea,
And the ladye L serve is my wile
Ve token arry each day
Pulle e isas any of yore,
Avditsto tensmy heart for the fray—
"Tis my love morning kiss at the door,

For his faith will the martyr endure,

 

 

Hy th s noet the artist's insnird,
Al the blast of the bugle and fife a 4
Is the solder te gallantry fred.
! whatever may otbers exalt
! nysell [shall ask nothing more
Asa prompier to worthiest deeds
iban the Kiss taat | gel at the door.
& W. Gnar.

 

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS,

Who were the policemen who refused 9 carry, u
Hung Chang during his visit here’ J.D. M.
THE SUN did not print the names of these distin-

guished policemen.

 

A friend told me that the Government isatthe pres-
ent time coining silver dollars and putting them into
circulation at the ratio of 16 WwW J. Will you please
inform me whether that is a fact? dv. W, F.

Yes; just as it has been for the past twenty-two
years. When the present stock of bullion is ex-

hausted, we'll stop coining them.

1, Has the Government enough gold on hand to
redeem its outstanding notes other than silver certih
cates? 2, Was not the issue of bonds made in the
early part of Cleveland's last Administration to main
tain the gold standard rather than to ratse inoney
for the expenses of the Government? KAS,

1, No 2. No; that was @ pretext

Please tell me whatlt costs the Government for
each cadet graduated from Weat Point Military Acad-
ewy. I mean when you take the sunning expense
and everything Into consideration Os Te be

The appropriations for the Military Academy this
year are $621,774, There are about 480 cadets .the
number varles— making each cadet cost about $1,205
the year, the course oecupying four years, the cost
of each cadet graduating would be $5,540. This
can be only approximate, however; we do not know of

any close statement.

 

1, The Big Dipper appears to move from almost
due west of the North star, at So'clock P. M., toa point
near the earth at midnight, making In distance one-
sixth of a circle around the Nerth star. Does It cir-
ele the North starevery twenty-four hours or does
the motion of thisearth makelt appearso® 2. 1
also have noticed that six months agothe Dipper
was on the east side of North star, pleaseexplain this.
3. Name stars in Dipper aud distance from earth

J. F. P

1. The changetn the earth's position makes
Dipper appear to move. 2. ‘The same reason exists
here. 3. Beginning with the “pointer” nearest to
the pole star, the seven stars In the constellation Ursa
Major are called Alpha, Heta (the pointers), Gamma,
Delta, Epsilon, Zeta, Eta, these last three forming
the handle. Each of these names is qualified by
the name of the constellation, as Zeta Ursa Majoris,
which the Arablans called Mizar

Kindly state the amount of service of the Southern
States in the Spanish war, I mean the number of

men from each State who went to Cuba, not who were
in calops. READER

These regiments from Southern States served tn
Cuba during the Spanish war: Third Georgia, ‘Twen

} ty third Kansas, Second Louisiana, Sixth Missourt,

First North Carolina, Second South Carolina, First
Texas and Fourth Virginia. A Battery, Missourt
Light Artillery, served in Porto Rico,

A few days ago I came across 4 little book entitled
“The Constitution of the United States Toge ther With
the Amendments,” published by B. G. Jansen, 180
Hudsou street, New York, in 1833, “The amendments
@iten are fourteen in number. / le TIL is the same
as that now called Article L, and the rest follow in
the same order up to Article AIV., changing the man
nerof electing the President—which is now called Ar
tele XIL Article 1. as here given reads. “After the
first enumeration required by the frst article of the
Constitution, there shall be one representative for
every 80,000 until the number shall atnount to 100,
after which the proportion shall be so regulated by
Congress, that there shall not be less than 100 rep
resentatives, nor less than one representative for every
40,000 persons, until the number of representatives
shall amount to 200, after which the proportion shall
be 80 regulated by Congress, that there shall not be
less than 2) Kepresentatives, nor more than one rep
resentative for every $0,000 persona” “Article IL No
law varying the compensation for the services of the
Senators and Representatives shall take effect until
an election of Representatives shall have intervened,
Were such amendments ever adopted? and ff so,
how and when were they got rid of? The first ts of
course oulgrown and now useless, but the second
would have blocked the scandalous “Salary Grab"
of a quarter of A century Ago. JOHN N, Conn

Two amendments tn the words you quote were
Proposed to the first Congress {n 1789, and submitted
to the States; they were not ratified, however, Dela
ware rejected the first, Pennsylvanta the second,
and Massachusetts, Connecticut, New Hampshire,
Rhode Island, New York and Georgia etther rejected
or ignored them: so they failed of ratifeation by the
necessary three fourths vote of the States. Tbe com
pller of your book seems to have published the Const

tution as {t ought to be rather than as {t was

   

  

 

Where may I have access to the poetical works of
Dalton Williams, to read or to buy: also, “Songs for
Freedom,” by the Rev. Michael J. aachials, Ireland?

J.C. L. B.

We do not know where you can be certain of seeing
these; but try the Astor Library. Father MacHale's
book was published In London in 1489, and may have
been republished here; Allibone and Kirk do not men-
tion Williams.

 

A claims that the United States gold coin ts about
14 karat. B claims it ts about 22 karat Which Is
right? d. A, F.

B is right; our gold cotn is .900 fine; that Is, nine-
tenths pure gold. In karats It Is 21.19karat gold.

 

Has Congress passed any law forbidding adver-
taements being placed on the American fag? What
States, if any, have passed such laws? Can this law
passed by a State be enforced against a national
emblem? be

Wethtnk that a bill to this effect falled to becomea
law. New York has such a law; test itif you want to.

How many colored and how many white people
fnhahit the island of Jamalca, especially the clties of
Kingston and Port Koyal? Also, mention, if any,
other cities of importance K. B

By the census of 1891 Jamatea had 14,602 whites
and 610,579 blacks and half-breeds. Kingston had
46,542 inhabitants; Port Royal isa fort now, not a
city. Next to Kingston, the largest town Is Spanish
Town. Savanna-la-Mar is an important town. We
do not know the numbers of whites and blacks In the

towns.

 

 

Please give an explanation of how New Jersey
came to be spoken of as “out of the Unton.”
JERSEYMAN.

Because of a tax lald on each person crossing the
State by rafl. In 1830 the Delaware and Raritan
Canal Company was organized: it was required to pay
& cents for each passenger carried across the State.
About the same time the Camden and Amboy Rall-
road was chartered; it had to pay 10 cents for each
passenger. The two companies were consolidated
fn 14831, and paid 10 cents for each passenger. The
New Jersey Rallroad, chartered In 1832, had to pay
8 cents. The tax was taken off some years ago.

What is the significance of the word “radius.” when
speaking of the “steaming radius pr 2 battleship?”
« 2. SHIELDS

The word Is misused here: tt means really the dis-
tance which a vessel can steam ata certain rate of
speed when she starts with her bunkers nominally
full of coal. There is no suggestion of a circle in
this use of the word.

A man makesa machine.
makes a machine, exactly similar
thatthe second man oad absolutely no knowledge
of the machine made by the first man, Has the
second man also a moral right to call himself the tn-
ventor or originator of the machine DH. Ws

We think that he has a moral right to call himself
an Inventor, even ff not the inventor; even though
he may bot get a patent

Later another man
It ls understood

J. W. MeC.—We donot know the quotation “Wo
man ts to man what the string Is to the bow.”

Edwin F. —You can get directions for using dyna-
mite in blasting from the makers of the explosive,

Fred —You can't copyright the name of a medicine;
you can register {t. Address the Commissioner of
Patents, Washington, ID. C.

HW. A. D.=—The poem, “Oh, why should the spirit
of mortal be proud?” was written by Wililam Knox, a
Scotsman, born In 1750; dled in 1825,

M. For— Adlai, the first name of Mr. Bryan's part
ner, is a Biblical name; it appears In 1. Chronicles,
xxvii, 20, and means “my witness, my ornament.”

H.W. W. ~The time from Jersey Clty to Oakland,
Cal., made by Jarrett & Palmer's spectal train tn
1476 was S53 hours 39 minutes 6 seconds, {it was made
from June 1 to 4 of that year.

A. T. Mitchel! So fat as we know, petroleum ts
not used In making roads, in @ crude form It ts used
by some railroads to lay the dustand keep the bal-
lasting well packed. Write to the Agricultural De-
partment, Roads Division, Washington, D. C., for
information.

H. Dueker —There ts a different name for the col-
lection in a body of almost every different kind of
animals or fishes. Whales form a “school,” as do
porpo'ses and dolphins; herrings cometn “shoals.”
The original word was shoal, according to the dic-
tlonanes, school betng a corruption.

Cc. H. T.—James Fisk, Jr., was shoton Jan. 6,
1872, and dled the nextday. Stokes had one trial tn
which the Jury disagreed; another where he was con-
victed of murderin the first degree and sentenced
to be hanged; a third, where he was convicted of
manslaughter and sentenced to four years’ impris-

onment. After he had served his term, he was re-
stored to citizenship by Gov. Cleveland.
Riley Champlin. —These Democrats, Populists,

Silverites and Independents voted for the treaty of
Peace with Spain: Allen, P.; Butler, P.; Clay, p.
Faulkner, D., Gray, D; Harris, P.; Jones of Nevada
S.; Kenney, D.; Kyle, Ind.; Lindsay, D.; MeEnery:
D.; MeLaurin, D.; Morgan, D.; Pettus, D.; Stewart,
S.; Sullivan, D.; Teller, S. The Senate was com,
posed of 8O members; 47 Republicans, 34 Democrats,
6 Populists, 3 Siiverites and | ludependens,

| correct

        

POLITICAL NOTES.

 

Tuesday, Aug. 25, is primary day in New York,
‘The voting hours are from 2 P. M. to9 P, M. Forty-
one thousand Democrats and 17,000 Repubdiicans
voted tp the primary contests of a year ago.

 

The statement has been widely published that the
Prohibitionists of Kentucky supported Taylor, ihe
Republican candidate for Governor of that State, tn
the election of @ year ago, and that thelr nomination
of former Congressman White for Governor at the
recent Louisville eoovention ts an element of pertl to
Mr. Yerkes. the Republican candidate, ‘This t# tn-
The Proh bitionists of Keutueky did not
support the Repubiiean candidate for Governor of
Kentucky last year. They had thelr own candidate,
Wallacs, wh» polled 2,346 votes, Just 37 less than
the majoritywhich Taylor received

In five West Side districts there are factional con-
tests for leadership in ‘Vammany Hall this year
They arethe Seventh, Ninth, Thirteenth, Twenty-

| frst and Twenty third the same districts, except the

the |

SUE

‘Twenty-first. in whieh there were similar contests a
year ago, and the theory of many persons that @ pri
mary contest isan aidto future harmony, does not
get much support from this elrcumotance ihe Re
publicans have only two factional contests this year
in the districts south of Fourteenth street There are
few factional contests on the East Side this year.

 

Both North Dakota and South Dalrota elect Gov-
ernors this year. North Dakota was carried by
MeKInley and South Dakota by Bryan in 1896

On June 6, 1895, the Westchester villages of the
Bronx valiey, of which stirring Wakefield ts the
ehtef, were annexed tothe elty of New York. They
had by the census made in July, 1405, a tetal popu-
lathn of 17,000. Their present population, as re-
turned by the Federal census, is 25,085, a gain of
nearly 5) percent. in five years

The Gundiach family, in number twenty-five, of
Helleville, Tl, bave changed from Uryan to McKinley
Supporters during the last week. They are des-
eribed as “simon-pure Democrats—the kind that
voted for Andrew Jackson.”

The Franchise Tax Leagi organized to promote
the cause of muntctpal ownersbip by the support, at
the munteipal election of 1901, of a Mayoralty candi
date committed to this principle has as one of its
most active members a skilled organizer in New York
polities, Henry Nichols.

 

The oMce hours of the Board of Armory Commis*
Stoners, It{s announced, are from 9 A. M. to 4P.M.,
and on” Saturdays until !2 M. Persons having buat-
ness withthe Armory Cotnmissioners, however, are
notified oMeially that they should address ‘Thomas
L. Feitner, Secretary, Stewart Building.”

Fx Mayor George E. Green of Binghamton, has
been norm(nated for the State Senate by the Republi
eans of the Thirty-eighth distriet, which {neludes
jroome ‘Tioga and Cortland counties. It is Republi-
can by 6,000,

Until a few years ago Republicans were numerous
in the Ninth and Sixteenth wards, but radical
changes in population there have left the Republicans
in a minority so small that they poll less than 30 per
of the vote castinthe S-venth and Ninth As-
sembly districts. Inthe former, the expectations of
ex Alderman Keahon, aformer Republican, of Re-
publican support In his contest for the Tammany
leadership, have been disappointed.

cent

 

Chicago ts to elect a Mayorin April. Graeme Stew-
art. Dlinols member of the Repubiiean National Com-
mittee; John M Harlan, William Boldenweck, Judge
Elbridge Hanecy and William J. Moxley are among
the prospective claimants for the Republican nomina-
tion, President Boldenweck of the Sanitary District
Board claims the largest German support Friends
of Judge Hanecy say that Congressman Lorimer at

     

 

the Peorla Convention pledged his support to the |

Judge for the etty pomination Judge Carter's
friends on the North Side are favorable to ex-Alder
man Harlan

No headway has been made this year tn persuading
the New York Police Commission to accept the voting
machines which have been tested in several cities.
The machines cost $500 each, and as there are about
1,500 election districts in the clty, the Initial expense
of Installing them would be large. Last fall 225
machines were used {pn the State, in the citlesof Buf
falo, Rochester, Utica, Ithaca, Albion, Cantsteo and
Winfeld.

The rival factions tn the United Colored Democracy
have come together, Abraham Lincoln Meyers of
Syracuse and Edward Everett Lee were the leaders
of the rival factions. They are opposed to guvern-
ment without the consent of the governed—abroad,
but not at home. It would appear that they have
pot heard from North Carolina.

According to Tammany authority, there ts talk of
nominating Abrabam Levy forJudge of the City
Court, the position cteated by the Legislature last
winter.

In accordance with the traditional custom, the cam-
palgnof the Republicans ta Maine was opened in
Old Orchard. Italways ts.

Buffalo, the only elty of the first elass in New York,
ou®ide of New York city, has untformty had a full
supply of candidates for Governor, but rarely gets a
nomination from either party. Troy, a minor elty,
usually Democratic, bas furnished the Republicans
with thelr nominee for Governor twice in recent years.
Elmira. asmall town when compared with Buffalo,

  

has furnished oneor other of the political parties
with their candidates for Governor six times Water-
town has suppiled the candidate twice, Brooklyn

twice, Utica twice, Jamestown twice, Rochester once,
and New York elty on several oceasions: but Buffalo
hos only furnished a candidate once tn the State's re
cent history and that candidate, did not serve out the
term to which he was elected.

The Governor of New York to be elected in Novem-
ber will have considerable power of appotutment
Among the heads of departments whose terms expire
is the State Commisstoner of Excise appointed in
April, 1496. The term of the Commissioner ts five
years and confirroation by the Senate ts required

The attempted substitution of State for national
issues in the linportant Ilinols election this year has
not thus far proved very successful The opponents of
Bryan and Bryanism are against all Democratic
nominees, and the Republican candidate for Governor,
Kichard Yates, will get, from present indications, the
whole anti Bryan vote.

CHINA AS MWR,

 

WANG SERFS IT,

After the Storm and Stress the Country Will
Be Occidentalized.

Mr. Wang Chung Huei, the Chinese Consul-
General at Callao, Peru, arrived here Friday
aboard the Panama Railroad steamship Hud-
son, from Colon. He was met by the Chinese
Consul at this port and spent the nicht at
the local consulate He will go to Wash-
ington to-day and report to the Chinese
Minister, Mr. Wu Ting-fang Mr. Wang
Chung Huet speaks English fluently and did
not object to Leing interviewed He said that
he regretted exceedingly that his country had
become invelved in trouble with the Powers

What appeare | to be a grayveand perilous thing
for: hina was in reality a blessing in disguise,

however, ‘The effeccotit would be to put the
Con-ervatives, who hac long retarced the prog-
ress «f the Chinese, in th: backgrourd. . The

teforimers Would obtain control of the country
and the best ideas of We-tern civilization would
be adonted

All the voung men who had heen outside of
backward the Chinese had

 

China realized how

been, and that their only hope was to abandon
the tools and the methods of their ancestors
and make an effort to keep up with the Western
procession, as the Japanese had done since
7k Japan had been transformed by the

adoption of Western ideas, and there was no
reason why China should not follow the ex-
ample of the Japs. Mr, Wang suid that he had
truvelled extensively and realized how much
in the rear of the West the Chinese were, and
how earnestly they should strive to bring them
selves into closer contact With Western methods,
Mr. Wane said that he beheved thata new
and more glorious China woud emerges from
th: ordeal of riot and rebellion caused by the
Roxers Hesnid that tie ( hinese lookedtothe
TU nited States to help them out of ther trouble
andtoset them inthe rabt path, and that he
believed they would not ve disappointed,

   

 

 

Sat Upright in His Shroad.
From the Cincianali Enquirer,
RictMonp, Va., Aug. o0.--Henry Ganzert, a
native of Germany, 36 years old, Was struck
upon the head by a forty-pound hamainer at the
Kichmond Locomotive Works early Jast week
Hie was uneonsetous until Friday, when the
doctors pronounced him dead, Ilis brother,
who lives inthe North, was telegraphed to come
to Richmond, and friends went to work to pre-
are the body for burial The coffln was ordered,
fiat while the undertaker was engaged in the
work of shrouding the supposed corpse signs
of life were discov d, and very soon Gatvert
was able tosit up in a sermi-consel Us Cond Lion,

   

 

  

but could give no aceount of the experience
whieh he had suffered. He lived until this
but did not regain consciousness,

morning,
Those who tried to get from him a statement
as to whether or not he was aware that he bad
been given up for dead were unable to do so,
The body will be buried to-morrow afternoon
Ganzert was a contactor and well-to-do citizen,

WEDDINGS IN WAR TIMES.

 

Marriages in Besieged Towns, on Battlefields
and in Hospitals,
From London Tit-Bita,

One of the most notable features in conneotion
with the siewe of Kimberley is the callous way
in which the inhabitants treated the Boer bom-
bardment, even finding time to celebrate three
weddings during the progress of hostilities.

However unique this may seem, reference to
past campaigns will reveal other cases of a
similar nature. Even after the slaughter of
Waterloo two weddings came off in the fleld,
one being especially pathetic in detail, A
young officer in a well-known cavalry regiment
sent direct from England was ordered to leave
home a few days before he was to have been
Miarried, and his faneée, disappointed and
anxiousat the turn things had taken, decided
to follow him, despite his protests. This she
did unknown to her lover and was in the neigh-
borhood when the great battle was fought,

After the victory she failed to gain any news
of him, so, thinking he must have fallen,
employed a peasant, and together they searched
the fleld before the work of rescueing the woun-
ded was bezun. After some houra she came upon
him, lying half buried beneath a bloody heap
of his own comrades and dend horses in that

 

part of the fleld where the conflict had raged,

fiercest, He was not dead, and at his request
she sent the peasant for a priest and not long
afterward they were mated, where he lay, only
to be separated a little later by death.

A burly «uardsman furnished the next case

in point, which was a happler one, for beyond
a wound in the right arm the bridegroom wa4
in excellent health and spirits, The marriage
Was celebrated at daybreak on the morning
after the battle and was conducted by the priest
who had 4 moment before been reading mass
over the slain

ven the misery which existed in thetrenches
before Sebastopol curing the creary winter
of 1854 was broken by a wedding celebrated
in actual battle, the desultory firing from the
city forts and the corresponding booming
of our guns taking the place of the “We ‘cing
March.” The bri @ was connected with the
nursing departinent, and had for some time
reviously been uncer Miss Florénce Night-
ngale, until sent nearer the scene of hostili-
ties, where she met and fell indove with a cor-
poral in one of the regiments of foot. Further-
more, one of the first functions held in Sa
bastopol after its fall by our troops was a wec-
ding ceremony between a young Lietuenant
ang a Russian girl of noble birth, who had
some time prior to the event turned against
her country and come over to the British camp.
She returned to England with her husband,
who eventually became a soldier of repute.

During the siege of Strasburg by the Ger-
mans in the war of 1870 no fewer than forty-
two weddings were solennized in the city,
even while the enemy's shells were falling in
the streets, All of these were safely carried
out despite the perilous surroun ings with
the exception of one, and in this case a sheil
fell near the happy couple on their way home
from the church, killing the bric egroom among
a number of others, In another instance a
shell struck the church while the ceremony
was in progress, bringing down a portion of
the tower, but fortunately no one was injured.

Nursing sisters have frequentiy been wedded
to their sol: ier lovers scarcely before the echoes
of battle have ciead away. After the taking of
Cabul in 1870 and the entry of our troops into
the city a mosque was utilized for this pur-
pose, the service of course being performed
according to the rites of the English Church.
The bridegroom was a young lieutenant, who
had butJust recovered trom a wound received
in one of the earlier engagements, During
the time he was in the hospital he had failen
in love with the lacy who nursed him and,
fincing his affections were reciprocated, took
the first opportunity of leacing her to the hy-
meneal altar. Many of the officers were present
the remainder of the builcing being packed

with the humbler members of the victorious
army, and after the ceremony a regimental
band accompanied the counle through the

city to thelively strains of the “Wadcing March.”
Although such marriages have naturally been
rather hasty affairs and without the parental
permission of the parties concerne4, it is as-
tonishing how few have proved unhappy.

 

THE VILLAGE SICK WATCH.

Ant Eptsode in a New England Town Interests
a City Man on Vacation,

“I spent mine In a New England village,” sald
the quiet man, when asked about his vacation.
“I knew no one in the town. I had never been
there before. In fact, it was the first time I
was ever in New England. I wanted to rest,
I did not want to camp out, or rough it. I
stopped at the iin, the only one, I believe, in
the town, City people have an idea that a vil-
lage is a place where everybody knows every-
body else's business, and where nobody talks of
anything else. Perhaps I had no business, but
1 wish to certify that no one in this village
evinced the slightast curiosity to find out who I
was orfrom whence leame. If anything, I was
the curious one, I found myself making in-
quiries, This brings me to my story:

“I was sitting on the big porch one night,
rather later than was my custom. The stillness
was broken occasionally by one person passing,
and later another, and so on, until I had seen
several men and women go intoand come out of
a house within my view. I noticed that these
people were alone in coming and going. I
thought they walked rather more lightly on
the sidewalks than people usually do. This
however, may have been a fancy,

“While I was wondering what it meant the
landlord of the inn stepped upon the porch. I

had seen him come out of the house in which I
had become interested, but did not recognize
him until he came upon me, Tencouraged him
tostop and he sat down. Assoon as I could do
80 with propriety, I told him that my curiosit>
had broken the bounds of conventionality, and
had almost prompted me to go to the house
from which he had come,

“‘Ttis nothing new with us,’ he said, almost
in awhisper, ‘but I guess you city people don't
have anything of this sort to do. It's just a
case of sickness. It's a young man of our vil-
lage who was taken down soveral weeks ago,
and it finally turned to @ cause of typhoid, the
doctorssay, Heis the only son of the Sfamily
binally his own people got worn out attending
him, and then the Villagers took it up. We
divide ourselves into watches of four or five: in
this case four, Lou see, most of Us are old peo-
ple in this village. There are not a dozen
young people in the place. Old folks can't set
up all night, so we go down there, one at a time
and set up with the patient until the next wateh
relieves us. We carry out the doctor's orders,
and give the patient any attention necessary
‘Luere is hardly a wan or woman in our village
who has not been a@ watcher by some sick-bed at
some time. We consider it our duwy. We
dou't Know whose turn will come next. Our
doctors are like most of us,a little old-fashioned
and they don't furnish nurses, as your city dov-
tors do, And we have never had a hospital
here, because it wouidn't pay, and most of us
kind o' believe that within a few more ye
there won't be anybody left to be sick
sirangers ever move into this community, and
none of our people has left here alive in twenty-

irs,’
« [ realized it the landlord passed in,
4nd | was again alone, Pretiy soon | saw an-
other watcher come out of the house down the
street and walk away rather briskly, A balf-
hour later he returned with another, I surmised
that the other was the doctor, 1 learned later
that my surmise was correct, Another hour
passed and another watcher came. He was
met at the door by the doctor, who talked with
bin a few momeuts, and then they went away,

“The village watch at another sick-bed side
was over, The second day the few stores inthe
lace were closed, mud J heard the tolling of the
sellin the cupola of a little vine-covered chureh,
I feli it my duty to s pean to my landlord of the
fncident and was struck by his reply

“Yes, he said, ‘it's too bad. If it had been
one of us old people we wouldn't have thougnt
anything about it, but fora young person to dia
in our village is quite a blow. dust seems as if
we can't spare ‘er.’ ”

 

 

 

 

 

    

 

  

 

 

Halted by an Aecrolite,

From the Philade/phia Public Ledger.

DaNvILL, Aug. 10.—Mr. and Mrs. D. EB
Monroe of Monticello, Sullivan caunty, N. Y.,
who are making a tour in @ carriage, were
sufficiently close to an aerolite that last night
dropped into the ground to feel its heat,

They left Muncey about noon, and were on
their way to this city, where they intended
to spend the night. They lost their way, and
about midnight found themselves eo a lonely
stretch of road remote from any dwelling,
The spot about ten miles from this place is

low and swampy and surrounded by wooded
hills, Suddenly the sky was illuminated with

& strange light, which the next instant lit up
the entire landscape, giving it a brillianey
that was biindirg. At the same instant

feud hiss or swishing sound struck the ears
of the man and wor.an, and simultaneously,
it seemed, a blazing mass, not more than ten
yards ahead, struck the earth. The roadway

trenbled under the mighty impact. The
occupants of the buggy were nearivy over-
come by the a while the

palling spectacle,
horse stood trem Ning in its tracks,

Mr. Monroe alighted from the buggy and
led the horse to the spot where the ser: lite
had struck. The only trace of the celestial
visitor was a volume of steam, which rose
from the spot, indicating the presence of wa-
ter, Mrs. Monree was made quite ill by the
shock, and the couple were obliged to stop
@t @ farmhouse for olght =<

 

 

 

Spleen nittiacinentiticmenanieniiiminneie

 

IMPORTANCE OF THE FLOWER TRADE.

Of Roses Alone 100,000,000, Worth $9,000-
000, Are Sold Annually.

The exhibition of the Soc lety of Amertean
Florists at the Grand Central Palace, which
ended on Friday night, did much to impress
Visitors with the fact that great advances have
been made by American florists in recent years,

 

| The importance of floriculture was also indl-

 

cated by some of the odd facts made public,
The Society of American Florists and Ornae
mental Horticuliurists was organized in 1884,
and ever since its officers and members have
been collecting facts and figures for the use of
florists. The most recent feures are those com-
piled by Prof, B. 1 (ailloway of the Bureau
of Vegetable Pathology and Thyriology at

Washington. ‘They show that there are not
fewer than 9,000 commercial florists’ estab=
lishinents In the United States, and that these
florists use 22,500,000 square feet of glasa,

New York State alone has 1.200 florists’ estabe
lishments, whieh use 4.500.000 square feet of
Hlinois has 800) establishments with
4 250,000 square fect of glass. ‘The estimated
Value of all the establishments in the United
States is $11,250,000, and of their total annual
output $27,500,000,

It isn't hard tor anybody to see that the ques.
tion of glass is a serious one with the florista,
The greatest enemy they have to meet, not
excepting even the destructive bug, is the halk
stone, Thousands of feet of glass are de»
stroyed every year by hail storms, and one ree
sult of the founding of the Society of American
Florists has been the establishment of the
Florists’ Hail Association of America. This
association has an aggregate insurance upon
13,025,762 square feet of glass, more than half
of all the florists’ glass in the country. Last

ELGAS,

} Year the association had to pay for more than

 

70,000 square feet of glass which had bee
broken by hail, Conoerning the growth o
the industry as measured by the class, Presie
dent E. M. Wood of the seciety said in his ade

dress opening the convention

As an illustration of the remarkable growth
of floriculture and horticulture, we may instance
the great West, where in some localities it has
inervused in population in twenty years 400
per cent. The increase of glass in the same
time for fluriculture and horticulture, is over
1,100 per cent No one could have foreseem
this enormons and phenomenal growth,”

Some interesting estimates of the value o@
different cut flowers annually sold were made
by C. W. Ward of Queens, one of the prominent
members of the society,

“The estimated value of the cut flowers ane
nually sold is divided up about as followas
Hoses, $9,000,000; carnations, $4,000,000; violete,
$750,000, chrysanthemurins, €500,000; and mite
cellaneous, $1,759,000, The estimated number
of roses annually sold is 100,000,000) carnationn,
100 000,000. yj ts, 75,000,000; total, 275,000,000,
I estimate the capital invested in’ carnatlons
alone at the present day ut $2,000,000, The
total annual sales of cut fowers in New York
city 1s $3,000,000, and of plants, $1,600,000,"

Of the cut flower part of the florists’ bust
ness, President Wood said:

“An erroneous idea has gone abroad that
eut flowers at some seasons of the year are
exorbitantly high, but an analysis of the prices
tor the year will find that the average is lower
to-day than the grower ought to receive, Ade
verse criticism is oecasionally made, whie
is heralded abroad by the newspapers an

 

 

 
  

periodicals, that extravagant prices for flowe
ers are arged by the growers for the holie
days. These criticisms are made by those

who Know little or nothing regarding the cost
of cut flowers. It is the one season of the year
in which the grower hopes to receive a remune
eration for his efforts. He is obliged, oftene
times, to lose a crop of flowers for which he
received nothing, {on order that he may obtain
the desired crop for the holidays, when there
is a great demand for them. Did he not de
this, not over half of the flowers could be of-
fered for sale in the holidays. The high prices
Which we hear of are only for the few flowe
which sare ealled exhibition flowers.

the grower depended for his income upon thia
class of his product, there would not be a co
mercial foot of glass in existence for the grow
of cut flowers. Itis to the vast volume of seoe
ond, third and fourth-class flowers, and tha
demand which comes from the middle as we
as the poorer class of ple, who never 4
high prices for them, that the grower, in
large measure the florist, depends for his suo
cess, Those who want, and will have the
very finest of flowers, selecting only the pers
fect in form, foliage, size an coloring, and
who are thoroyghly conversant with these
qualities are willing, as they ought to be, te
pay the price which is dermanded for them.”

 

FOUND HER WEEPING ON THE STREET,

 

The Sympathetic Crowd, Under Skilfal Urging,
Then Contributed 87 to Her Happiness,

A woman, in deep mourning and apparently
in distress, attracted a crowd of belated citl-
zens on Eighth avenue and Sixteenth street at
2 o'clock in the morning one day last week.
She was young and good-looking. She stood
close to the rails of the down town track and
looked up and down the pavement as ff in search
of something. She was nervous and sald re
peatedly:

“What shall I do? What shall I do?”

A dozen young men lit matches and foined
in the search. They were unable to find any~
thing. One asked what she had lost.

“Oh, I've lost my pocketbook,” sald the
woman. “It contained all the money I had
and I don’t know what I shall do.” Then she
began to weep.

“I's too bad,” said some one sympathetically.
“How you came to be so unfortunate?”

“I alighted from one of these Eighth avenue
cars and just as it was about to start I dis
covered that my purse was missing. The
thought recurred to me that I might have left
it on the seat and I shouted to the conductor
to stop the car. He refused, but flung some
thing at me which I believe was the pocket-
book, and the car was soon out of sight. I
thought that I would be able to find it, but ft
does not seem to be around anywhere. I would
not mind it so much only it contained a Little
ring belonging to my dead child. Now I have

nothing to remember her by.”

One man at once said he would pay her fare
home, Another offered to hire a cab, while
another proposed to complain of the conductor

 

for his rudeness, if she could only remembee
the humber, The woman began to lament
and weep aga A tall, well-dressed mi
wearing eve glas . broke through the crow

 

and spoke to the woman

“What has happened?”

“Ol, nothing, “she said; “only I've been very
unfortunate. 1 have lost my pocketbook and
am penton. It is not that I care about se
much, It is my dead baby's ring which I loss

withit that worries me the most, ”

rhe man without listening further delved
down into his inside pocket and produced @
ecard. He handed it to the woman and said:

This is my business addresa, Call on me
to-morrow. I have influence with the Metroe

politan Traction people, and I wil! see that this
conductor is juni-hed. Here, accept this fivee
dolar bill, It is the smallest 1 have. It will

tide you over till to-morrow

Here he paused and turning to the crowd
continued

‘Gentlemen, lam going tostarta eybeerintion
for this poor woman, She is unfortunate an
deserves your assistance, The same thing
may happen anv night to your wives, mothers,
gWweethearts or even vour own children. Now
who will help ber out of her predicament? You
see 1 have contributed $5, although I am not
a millionaire.”

Quickly dimes, quarters and halves were subs
scribed and in allittle while more than §7 more
was collecte The money was turned over to
the woman by the man with the eveglasses, The
woman was profuse in her thanks and bidding
her benefactors “e@ood night,” boarded an upe
town car and rode away. A SUN reporter whe
had observed the whole proceedings thought
he would watch the man with the eyeglassea,
The latter got on the next car and the reporter
followed The man the eyeglasses got
off at Forty-sixth street and joined the woman
who wes waiting at the corner for him. The
pair greeted each other efusively and then
walked arm in arm toward Broadway. As th
wentalong the reporter overheard this: “Say,
those guys were dead easy. Why it was the softe
est graft lever struck. We got about $7. Say,
this is easier than stealing, and I guess we can
make enough to keep us in luxury for a couple
of mouths.”

“Yes, Uiey were easy. Let us strike Broads
way We may catch another lay before we ¢@
home.”

  

 

 

with

 

 

Could Easily Spare the Man.
From the Youth'a Compeonion.

Tn connection with the last visit to Londos
of the late Shah Persia, many stories are
told which sound like satire upon the polities
of the Fast. One of these tales, re amtisit
perhaps than true, is t} he stronely advis
the Prince of Wales to r).ke away with a cere
tain influential nobleman who had grown “too
powerlul to be quite sale

Another story ia vouched for on better evie
dence The Shah was to visit Newe
gate prison, and after a somewhar extended
examination, he suddenly requested to see
an execution. With the utmost politeness
the warden of the prison explained that une
happily no one Hinder sentence just as
that Ume, but the Shah swept away the obe
Jections with a wave oo his hand.

“Take one of my suite,” he said “Any one
will do : .

Greatly to his disappointment the officials
declined to comply with his request

of

  

taken

was

 

ee

eed

ae