—s

 

 

a

 

    

tracts
out with all the varieties of names that sug-

gost ideas of shade and breezes and aristo-
cratic

  

BROOKLYN'S GREAT BOOM.

THB ALMOST BEWILDERING GROWTH
OF THE BOROUGH IN FIVE YEARS.

 

 

It Is Already the Groat ‘City of Homes" in
the United States—It Is to Be the Real New
York—Consolidation and Trolley Develop-
ment Responsible for the Change~Pare
Air and Detached Houses tn Less Than
Three-Quarters of an Hour From the New
York En4 of the Bridge-No Limit to the
Growth-The Elaborate Trolley Service.

The census figures Just issued show an in-
erease of 824,085 individuals, or 39.12 per cent.
in the population of Brooklyn in the decade be-
tween 1890 and 1900. But these are mere fig-
ures. They give no adequate idea of the nor-
mous expansion of the great borough across
the East River. Still less do they convey an
idea of the astonishing era of development
which really has only just begun there.

As a matter of fact the mere numerical
growth of the borough has been, to a great ex-
tent, accomplished not in ten years but In the
last five. It dates, for the most part, from the
movement of consolidation, or at all events
from the expansion of the trolley systems, and
this last has been mainly accomplished within
four years

The growth of Brooklyn aa shown by the cen-
mis figures has been chiefly the work of five, or
even four, years. You still are far from having
any just basis from which to estimate the sur-
prising things the near future hasin store for
the borough. It {sonly by going and seeing
with your own eyes that you will begin to grasp
the tremendous possibilities that are ahead of
the big borough. And they are more than
possibilities; more than probabilities. They
are as near certainties as any human events
ean be.

The handwriting {s on the wall that Brooklyn
fe to be the big end of New York. It is the
future big city the greatest city of homes on
the continent. The great palatial hotels of the
metropolis will not be there. The “sights” of
the big city will not be in Brooklyn, but Brook-
lyn will be one of the sights the b ggest sight
which visitors from afar will have to see If
they want to know where and how the over-
whelming majority of the thrifty, prosperous
New York workers live they have to cross the
East River. Brooklyn already ts called the |
Borough of Homes. And the presentis only the
beginning

The work of home making that has taken
place within the past five years is but the
foundation work, the clearing of the ground for
that which is tocome. Acres and square acres
of homes are in process of construction in the
territory already within the borough boun-
daries. Acrasand square acres nore are facts
of the not distant future inthe untimited terri-
tery beyond those boundaries the unlimited
territery which spreads away eastward for
Brooklyn to grow over and absorb. Even now
Philade!phia no longer has precedence as the
City of Homes. New York with its Brooklyn |
{a the City of Homes |

When, following consolidation, came the ex-
pansion of the trolley line systems and the run-
ning of cars and trains from Park row to re- |
mote, outlying Brooklyn districts, it was like
the opening of asafety valve ona boiler under
high tension. Manhattan, long crowded and
overcrowded and getting relief only by squeez-
{ng its way to the region of comparatige elbow
room far to the north, swept Brooklynward
with a rush. Wise men in their generation
had foreseen in A measure what Was |
coming. Farms which had beer farms
for generations back suddenly became
divided into city lotsa, and fitted

 

 

 

 

“Hursta’’ and ‘Manors’ and
“Meres’ and ‘Parks’ broke
out like a rash all over the suburban cab-
bage and potato patches. Of courte the
great crush was, and still is, toward the splen-
did ridge that trends along down parallel with

reserve
“Crests” and

the beach front, and which forms such an ideal
site for homes -homes

that are at once city
homes and seaside hornes with all that the
last means of pure alr and cool breezes.

FARMERS MADE MUCH OF THE MONBY
It was not always the real estate speculators

either who made the money out of this mar-
vellous transition from farm lands to city lots
Many of the farmers themselves were shrewd
enough to see what was coming, and to know

that history had afforded instances more than

once of atwenty-foot city lot selling for what.
not long before, would hive been considered a

good pric® for an acre of ground. They held on
to their holdings, and when the tide swept down
and eddied a!l around them they stood upon
their little principalities and watched them be-
come isiandsin the sea of population. Then
they fixed the rown figures when they talked
with the real estate speculator, Either that, or
they went into the “hurst” and the “manor”
and the “by-the-sea"’ business on their own
account.

And all this «tirin real estate was anticipatory,
It was actually on before the trolleys got across
the Bridge, and when it was only talk, as of a
possibility, that one day you might take an ele-
vated train at Park Row and go without change
to Manhattan Keach, or an electric car and go
to Coney Island. Andeven when the fact came
that you could get to any part of Brooklyn
from Manhattan City Hall in from thirty
minutes to an hour—even then it took
New Yorkers a little time to grasp what it
meant to them. They were used to the high
rents and the sardine packing. They did not
like It, but {t had come to be ahabit with them
toregardit os an inevitable “‘what-are-you-
@oing-to-do-about-it" part of existence. The
news>apers and the dead walls were «blaze
with “‘own-your-home" advertisements before
the people woke up to appreciate that the
houses you could own were not in Lonelyville

or Mosquitohurst, but in New York—homes
that were near to the City Hall and more
comfortably accessible therefrom than
were the flats and houses for which
they were paiing big rents in Harlem

andin The Bronx. And then among the true
Manhattanese there were curious, pig-headed
prejudices about Brooklyn— that it wasa bleak
brick-and-mortar waste where some people
existed who thought they were alive, and where
nobody who really was alive expected to go
until he was deadand needed a cemetery lot.
It took these peaple a good while to get it into
their heads that electricity had struck Brooklyn
and was playing through her old streets and
leaping out bevond them into the open country
all about, and furthermore that each streak of
lightning had a trolley car humming atits heels.

MANHATTAN DISCOVERS BROOKLYN,

But there is such a thing as rousing evena
Manhattanese New Yorker to the bare possibil-
ity of there being inhabitable places even be-
yond the limits of Manhattan Island. It was
this hopeful posibility in h's character which
enabled him to discover and populate The
Bronx region. In the same way he suddenly
discovered Brooklyn. He wasin purgatory, in
a way,in his cramped city quarters. He knew

itfand now and then bemoaned his lot,
but he renewed his lease of the old
cramped flat and went on paying his
enormous rent and feeling, {9 a general

academic way, a broadly philanthropie pity for
people who had the misfortune not to he New
Yorkers. That he could still continue to bea
New Yorker and not have to pay aswingeing
eum for living in a swarming hive of neighbors,
was something that it took a deal of shouting
and brass band advertising to make him
erasp. But he did graspit atlength. Then he
had the experience of Artemus Ward's prisoner
who had him confined in a dreary dungeon for
twenty long years. A happy thought struck
him. He opened the window and cot out

The Manhattanese New Yorker went to the
Bridge and took a trolley ear for Brooklyn. That
fs, he did this after it had been advertised into
him and when he did it he did it with a rush
The land speculators had looked largely to the
future the rather distant future as real estate
investments go--when he bought the distant
outlaying tracts of lands. He knew that the
return would come in time, but he eounted on
{ta being a fairly long time A good many
ef them put up rather expensive horses
@s standards which purchasers of lots

 

one poor, cheap house In a neighborhood would
down that neighborhood for people who had
the means to put up good houses. So they In-
sisted that each house must not cost less than a
sum of money, and they put up one or more
houses as samples of what could be done for
that sumora little over. These investors ex-
pected and took into their business calculations
more or less delay in disposing of their lota on
these terms

Yetfor atime, when the first rush Brooklyn-
ward began, it looked as though the delay in
realization was going to be shorter than the
moat sanguine investor had anticipated, The
farms, transformed into city lots, filled up with
amazing rapidity. In 1808, for Instance, when
the rush had fairly developed, there were
put up in the suburb of Flatbush alone no leas
than 800 houses. Nearly all of them were resi-
dences. To call Flatbush asuburb, by the way,
is only to give way to forceof habit. It is true
that only ashort time ago, within the memory
of those who almost might be called children
still, Flatbush not only was a suburb but
was a village by itself a village surrounded by
farms, as a country village should be. ‘The man
who went from New York to Flatbush went
into the country. To-day Flatbueh is about as
near the centre of New York as you could get,
It takes exactly twenty minutes from Flatbush
tothe New York end of the Bridge. This is
about as long as it takes togo from the City
Hall to Fifty-ninth street on the elevated road,
or from the City Hall to the Fifth Avenue Hotel
by the Broadway oable road

SETTLEMENTS GROWING TOORTHER,

So, with such instances before them as this,
the investors came to believe that, so far as
time on realization was concerned, they had in-
vested| better than they knew. And, as A
matter of fact, they had. Tracta and farms
were transformedinto villages, and the vil-
lages had grown together along the lines of the
trolleys in leas time, in some instances, than
the speculators had counted on as being neces-
sary to dispose of half their lota, So they went
on and on eastward and # uthward buying up
new farms and new trac’s which at first they
had regarded as being too far away to be con-
sidered as within thespeculative belt. Thisregion
was one of the greatest truck farming districts
in the country. A large part of the vegetabies
that came to the New York market carne from
this region -a region that is now a thickly pop-
ulated part of the borough of Brooklyn. The
farins, in many instane s, that were thus sold
and transformed into villages and then again
absorbed as finely built up parts of the city
had been handed down from generation for
from 100 to 200 years. In severa) cases the farm
had never passed out of asinglefamily. But the
onward mish of the tneoming tide of population
aweptall these traditions before it. Here and
there some particularly fine type of colonial
homestead has heen left to stand asa forlorn
landmark of the past inthe midst of asea of
modern houses, but the greater part of them
have been sweptaway. It was buying and buy-
Ing and bullding and building in every way
that you might go out along the eastern and
southern borders af Brooklyn And it is buying
and buying and building and building stili in
the same loealittes and beyond ‘There seems
to ba noendand no anticipation of there ever
being an end to the demand for houses in this
part of New York.

It Is all this that you may see with your own
eyes if vou would appreciate how meagerly in-
adequate are mere census figures to give you
anidea of the prodigous lines on which Brook-
lyn'sgrowthis spreading. Nothing less than
this will make you see how useless are those
same fleures of the census in wiving you a basis
on which even approximately to estima‘e the
ratio of Brooklyn's future growth

Tosay that some of the investors in real
estate in the outlying regions around Brooklyn
have been happily disappointed in their
estimatesof the time thatit would take to
realize on their holdings, is not, by a good deal,
the same as Saying that all were so fortunate,
Naturally there were some lines of growth
where the expansion was much more rapid
thininothers. In many places the investors
are still waiting for full rewurns. The tracts
they bought are filling up—they” are
bound to ml up sooner or later
—but the process is comparatively
slow, It depends upon the situation, of course,
and upon the terms the investors are able to
offer purchasers. And some of these terms
seem, at first glance at least, to be liberal in the
extreme. Everywhere throughout the entire
area of what may |e called the ‘new Brooklyn”
it may be accepted as a general principle that
land is cheap--in some cases extremely cheap—
provided you wish to bullda hou-e on it. Still
cheaper is it {f you are a reasonably serious and
solid per-on who wishes not only to bulld a
house, but to build a house for the purpose of
living in it yourself and of identlfving yourself
with the neighborhood and its interests.
Such a person practically can make bia own
terms in many of the localities, and very
“restricted’’ localities at that. The reason
of thisis obvious) The more houses that are
put up and filled by people of this kind the
more the value of the adjacent unoccupied lots
becomes. When a community onee ts firmly
established, and there is alarge group of hornes
whose occupants own them and are Interested
in keeping the standard of the neighborhood up
toa high mark, then the question of the first
cost of the land to the purchaser who wishes to
build becomes another matter, It is at that
point that the big profits of the original investor
begins. Every person whom he las induced to
come and build has contributed by just so much
to the value of the original purchase.

LAND I8 STILL CHEAP.

So, the fact still remains, notwithstanding
the rush Brooklynward has been going on for
three or four years now with great volume,
that the man who wishes to build a house can
buy landin the borough of Brooklyn cheaper
than anywhere else in any other of the New
York boroughs—cheaper, indeed, than he often
can get itin many of the suburbs about the city
limita, He can get a lot at from $150 to $350,
and for the last named price it will be a particu-
larly fine lot that he will have. Further-
more, in making the purchase he peed
not put down more than $5 or $10 cash and
the same amount a month until the total is
paid. For $500 cash he can buy a $4,000 house
and can pay the balance in the form of rent. If
he makes a good impression upon the rea!
estate man and if the real estate man's investi-
gations Mto his status and probable future
responsibility are satis‘actory, he may
even get his house without making the
preliminary $500 payment. He may simply
walk into itashisown and pay off the entire
cos! price in the way of rent, These are liberal
terms. Perhaps they are not so common as they
were a year or so ago, but they still exist and
area part of the system of real estate business
overin the rapidly expanding borough That
the time will come when such opportunities are
no longer offered seems inevitable, but it is a
fact that, nextto the trolley roads, they have
been the most important factor in Brooklyn's
marvellous growth within the past four years

It is very largely from the people in the
borough of] Manhattan, people who are in the
habit of paving from $300 to $1,000 a year for
rent of flats that Brooklyn's new population
has been chiefly drawn, But itis not alone Man-
hattanese who have become the new Brook!yn-
ites. People who have been going to homes
away up in the borough of The Bronx have
found out that they would have better homes
and for less money than they could up in the
far northern partsof the city. Every part of

the borough of Brookiyn is within one
hour of the Manhattan end of the
Bridge, and it only costs five cents to
getthere. The great majority of the Brooklyn

territory is within thirty minutes of the New
York end of the Bridge. The very outskirts of
old) Brooklyn proper, where  vpirticularly
during the past year thousands of houses havea
been going up, are within thirty-five minutes of
the Manhattan City Hall. This is shorter time
than it takes to get even to Harlem by the
elevated railroad, to say nothing of the extreme
northern parts of the Brong region where many
people, before they discovered Brooklyn,
thought they mustlive to get a@ little pure air
and a semblance of elbow room in their homes.

From these people Brooklyn has drawn quite

:

————- oy

 

must not fall below. |They appreciated that | as heavily in proportion as she has from old
New York proper.

But the new recruits to
Brooklyn's population--aside, of course, from
her own natural growth-—are not confined in
origin even to New York. Many of them have
come from the Jersey suburbs—from Paterson,
Newark, Paasaio, Jersey City and other nearby
places, where people who are in reality New
Yorkers, whose business and whose interests
areal! in New York, have felt constrained to
live because of the cramped «quarters
and high rents of the elty. The
opening of Brooklyn solved for them the prob-
lem of living in New York, With trolley cars
going from the Bridge to points as far away as
Coney Island, Canarsie and Bergen Beach, and
all for five cents, the attraction of Brooklyn,
with its elimination of the ferry question, was
irresistible to them. To be sure, the fare to
Coney Island has been doubled within a few
monthsand is now 10 centa, but most people
looking for homes would atill be within the five-
cent radius. Hundreds of the Brooklyn home-
builders come from the other side of the North
River and hundredaf{more are still coming.
And what is true of the Jersey suburbs
is true off New Rochelle, Rye, Mount
Vernon, Port Cheater, Yonkers, and places fur-
ther up the Sound and river. These New
Yorkers have found that they can have houses
in New York with suburban conditions, and at
even better than many suburban prices, while
at the same time getting rid of the railroad
time table, the suburban railroad train and
other annorances that conaume the time and
patience of him who lives out of town. In other
words, the growth and expansion of Brooklyn
has meant, is stil] meaning and in the future
will mean atill more in gathering into New
York of her own.
TROLLEYS CAUSED THE DSVELOPMENT

The prime factor in the new growth of Brook-
lyn may be designated In one word- trolleys,
The history of Brooklyn's latterday development
is the history of the Brooklyn trolley system,
Wherever the trolleys have gone, along those
lines the growth has been. And the expansion
of the Brooklyn trolley system is one of the
marvels of municip®l developmen’ in the last
decade. That the trolley development should
outstrip the growth of population was inevita-
ble It has very greatly outstripped it aa
a matter of fact, although it is but
a question of a ehort time when the
trolley Hines that are running in some
pirts of the city at an actual loss will be
brought into the paylug categories, There are
two wards in particulurin Prooklyn where the
trolley service is excessive in proportion to the
population that touehes upon the borders of
absurdity. These are the Thirtieth and Thirty-
first wards, comprising the communities of
Bay Ridge, Fort Hamilton, Bensonhurst, Bath
Reach, Borough Park and Coney Island, None
of these places is less than seven miles from the
Park row end of the Bridge and most of them

are ten or twelve miles, while the
farthest is thirteen, They have now a
population of about thirty thousand, an

increase, by the way, of over 60 per cent, within
the post four years. In these wards there are
now about ninety-seven miles of surface road,
with a caraervice of 8,000 miles per day and
over 2,000,000 miles per year, exclusive of the
largely increased mileage during the summer
months caused by the travel to and from
Coney Island and other excursion places, It is
by comparing these figures with those of other
places of similar or much larger population that
the extent of this service in localities of Brook-
lyn that are not yet filled up can be ap-
preciated. The Thirtieth and Thirty-first
wards of Brooklyn, with the same popu'a-
tion as Elmira, have six times the mileage
of track and six times the car service that
Elmira has. With a population lesa than that
of Yonkers, they have six times as much street
railroad track and five times as much car ser-
vice. With a population 5,000 less than that of
Binghamton, they have nearly three tlines as
many miles of track and nearly four times as
much car service. With a population one-half
the size of Troy, they have nearly three
times as many nifles of track and 2 per
cent. more car service With a popu-
lation 14,000 less thin that of Utioa, they
have four times as much track and three times
assmuch car service. With a population
about one-third that of Syracuse they have
over twice as much track and fully as much car
service, Witha population of less than one-
third of that of Albany, they have more than
twice as muchtrack and about the samecar
service. With a population of almost one»
tenth that of Buffalo, they havealmost half as
many miles of track and about one-third as
much car service, The borough of The Bronx,
with more than four and a half times the popu-
lation of the Thirtieth and Thirty-first Brooklyn
wards, actually has forty-three less miles of
track and only the same car service

These figures as to trolley service were
brought out by the Brooklyn Rapid Transit
Company for quite another purpose, but they
are interesting in themselves and give a good
idea of the trolley extension service where it is
operated not so much to meet present exigences
as to creata a population that eventually will be
remiuinerative tothe troijley companies. This is
a reversal of the theory thata railroad is bult
to meet a demand, the railroud, in fact, being
built to create the demand and, incidentally, of
course to increase values along its line.

At this point, it may be sald that the In-
crease in surface car travel in Brooklyn since
the development of the trolley system has been
very much greater than the increase in popula-
tion. For instance, the Brooklyn Rapid Transit
Company's receipts in the year ending June 30
last were $11,206,719. This at the rate of 5 cents
for each person would make the total num-
ber of persons carried during the year 224,-
134,320. Taking $1,500,000 as the yearly
receipts of the other lines, wea would
have the total number of persons carried
254,134,820. In 1890 the receipts for all the
Brooklyn lines were $7,144,129, showing that
during that year 142,882,680 were carried. Thus,
as compared with ten years ago, the increase in
the number of persons carried was 111,251,749,
or nearly 78 per cent.—that is to say, double the
percentage of increase of population, which was
89.12 per cent. These figures give a key to the
trolley companies’ interest in extending their

lines and thereby increasing population,
for their receipts are double that of the
population increase. Under these circum

stances the trolley companies can very well
affordfor a time to runa service m thinly popu-
lated districts at an actual loss, for the loss is
only an investment reasonably sure to come
back to them, in the case of Brooklyn at least,
in the shape of very handsome ultimate profits.
Asa niatter of fact the figures actually taken
on the Brooklyn Bapid ‘Transit system
on an average day showed that the
cars in the Thirtieth and Thirty-firat wards
carried 20,000 people as against the 684,000
carried on the entire system. This is less than
5 per cent. of the entire traffle of the
system, while on the other hand the expense of
carrying these 20.000 people was 6 per cent. of
the entire expenses of the united lines operated
by the Brooklyn Rapid Transit Company. Yet
as an offset to this we have the fact that the
population of the Thirtieth and Thirty-first
wards has increased 50 per cent. in four years,
and at this rate it will be only a short time
before the trowey car travel, increasing at the
rate of double that of the population, will
become an important item in the grand total
of the company's receipts

OLD PART OF THE BOROUGH COMPLAINS

Theexpansion of Brooklyn by the develop-
ment of its outlying districts is already begin-
ning tohaveilseffect upon the central or old
parts of the citv. The migration along the
lines of the trolleys and the development of
large settlements which the trolleys have
brought into comparatively close touch
with the Manhattan end of the Bridge bas
not been confined to outsiders alone.
Brooklynites themselves have moved out-
ward with the tides with the result that the
demand for homes in the old and cen-
tral parts of the city is noticeably
less than in the days before consolidation and
trolley expansion. Already some grumbling is
heard on the part of householders who have
houses and flats to let and this grumbling is
more likely to increase than diminish, for if
they are to hold their tenants thef will have to

Re RAR te toate

 

THE SUN, SUNDAY

 

A AR a aahe

    

, AU

offer them such inducements in the way of de-
creased rents as will keep them from joining
the procession to the newly opening regions,
And even then it will be hard to hold them, for
even at the same rental the homes in the newly
developed parts are in many cases so superior in
beauty and healthfulness of surroundings, as
well as in the character of the houses them-

———

 

GUST 26,

 

 

| open, t
| picture what the growth of Brooklyn then will

selves, that the little difference in time required |

to get to business does not particularly weigh
in the balance against them, But the main
cause of the migration does not #0 much lie in
the rent question asin the ambition which has
been awakened in men to own houses of their
own, an ambition which under the old con-
ditlons was too wild in most instances to be
considered for a moment.

5OME OF THE NEW SETTLEMENTS.

Fven what already has been accomplished
in the development of Bréoklyn as a city
of homes {* bewildering enough without
considering the amazing future of growth
which is now imminent, All the way down
the water line, along the beautiful ridge
which runs parallel with the shore, over the
country intervening between the ridge and the
beach itself--all the way to New Utrecht, Fort
Flamilton and beyond to the flat lands back of

Coney Island—all this bes been or is being
rapidly covered In all directions. Every-
where you may look new houses are

going up or the ground is being broken for |

houses that soon will be in process of erection.

The clatter of the carpenter's hammer ts heard |

everywhere. And nearly all of them are homes
~-beautiful homes, many of them paradises
compared with the cramped and stubby flats
and the din and jostling of the old built-up
portions of the city. The farms out toward
Fort Hamilion and New Utrecht way are prac-
tleally all taken uplong ago, divided into city
lots and covered with) homes, Dyker Meadow

Park is out in that direction, too,
and is a centre around about which the
country in all directions is thickly strewn

with new homes, Borough Park is still another

| prices

 

 

spot which has grown up within two years |

from almost open farmland to a handsome
village of homes, all of a superior type, and
the growth there is still going on and on
until soon all of the original tract will be
covered with residences and tha few

bufid- |

| more and more a metropolitan aspect.

ings devoted to local retail trade of one sort |

and another, The farms that originally went

to make up Borough Park were cut up into |
aome 6,000 city lota and in one year
alone 400 house: were planned and built

there. Dyker Heights ia etill another place that

has leaped into existence and has apread outin |

all directions, soon to be svailowed up in the
great general sweep of the cityeastward. Then
there are Ifomewood, Mapleton and Bath
teach, which last has rapidly changed within
the past three years from the mere summer re-
sort which it had been for a hundred years or
more into a populous town that has altogether
lost {ts transient typeof inhabitants, Likeal!l the
other places within reach of the great spreading
tide of expansion, Bath Beach is fast losing its
identity as a separate place, and only has its
name as a sort of landmark of the past, just as
have Greenwich Village and Yorktown and Har-
lem in the old New York. Homewood has been
built up very largely by prosperous mechanics
who put up their houses on the installment
plan, that is,on the plan by which what they
would be paying for rent elsewhere went
toward payment for the house and the lot
it stood upon Into these comfortable
homes, with their little yards for the
children to play in and to turn into flower
beds, and with the sunlight and the abundance
of fresh, pure air from off the water not far
away, the men who settled there moved their
families from out the dark, grimy, cramped and
unwholesome tenements of New York, where
the rent made such a big hole in the slender

| farming regions that now seem widely beyond

| the consequences might have been a scandal
' which it would have been hard to overcome

income, and where there was little hope of doing |

else than tramp the treadmill grind of daily
labor for the delight of living in such quarters,

The upbuilding of Van Pelt Manor, of Benson-
hurst-by-the-Sea and of the comparatively new
all-the-year-round resort called Sea Gate, on
what used to be called Norton's Point~ all these
are mere episodes in the marvel of Brooklyn's
prodigious latter-day growth, yet each of them
is amarvel in itself. Large and beautiful vil-
lages they would be anywhere else, with a char-
acterand an individuality all their own, and
such, as amatter of fact, they are, only we came
to regard them as mere drops in the great gen-
eral sea of home-making expansion. (ver
near Sheepshead Bay there is stll another
place of the Sea Gate order, the development
of which began only a litth* overa year ago and
now it has taken on the appearance of per-
manence and populousness which all the
similar places so quickly assume. Home Crest
is the name of this place and within three
months after it was laid outand thrown open
fully fifty houses were in course of erection and
the plans of as many more were under consid-
eration. Then there are the Lindens and Oak
Crest. Wherever you turn it is the same story.
‘Take a trolley car at the Bridge and go at ran-
dom to any of the outlying Broaklyn districts

| front door

  

1900.

sent service will be but barely adequate in the |
rush hours to meet the demand upon it. }

Itsimply is bewildering to contemplate in
imagination what the ebbing and the flowing of
the Brooklyn tide to and from Manhattan will
be when all these avenues of approuch are
It is even more bewildering to try to

 

now is not

that
Farms and

some

even
effort.

be, a growth
grasped without

the possibility of absorption will be swallowed
up as inevitably as have the Benson, the
Van Pelt and the Vandeveer tracts, tracts
that but a few years ago seemed as absurdly
beyond Brooklyn's grasp as do the truck farms
that now are back in the country far froim the
ever-growing radius of the city’s growth

‘
CHANCES A-PLENTY TO GET HOMES. |

Those who have not bought homes in the
places already developed or who do not yet s*@ |
their way to buying them with the increased
incident to the increased population
need have no fear of ultimately being frozen
outif they haveset their minds on having @

Brooklyn home, There will still be “‘hursts’’

and “manors” and “parks” ad infinitum
opened up. It is a procress to which
there apparently is no limit and of which

there seems no end in sight. New York's
capacity for attracting people who want bores
seemingly is unlimited and so also is Brook-
lyn's capacity for providing the homes. And
with the growth of the hoine feature of the city
across the East River there will beof course, @
proportionate inorease in her commercial fea-
tures. New York, the Manhattan New York,
always will be the great hotel centre, the great
wholesale centre. It will be the centre to which
the outside world will oome. It will be the
strangers’ New York, whereas’ Brooklyn
will be the New Yorker's New York—his home
and abiding place when he has left the count-
ing room and the warehouse, And to supply
ply him with the thousand and one things that
he will need the great merchandising establish-
ments of Brooklyn will grow In size and in
number. Fine buildings will go up in the busi-
nees centres; and the borough will take on
But one
characteristic it will have that will dominate
all others always and above all other things it
will be the City of Homes.

 

ONE KEY FOR AN ENTIRE BLOCK,

A Man Tells of the Embarrassing Situation
Into Which Mis Wife Stambled,

“The reconstruction of brownstone fronts
which is so noticeable in the streets between
Madison and Sixth avenues," said a lawyer,
“will prevent such an awkward accident as hap-
pened to my wife a few years ago. I don't
ever roention it to her now because she got very
tired of being guyed about it. Moreover,

SSS Ss SSS hor Ss Essie

We lived in those days in one of arow of brown-
stone fronts between Fifth and Sixth avenues
which were built on exactly the same plana.
You could not distinguish one house from the
other except by the number, and even the
window draperies looked very much alike
Another point of similarity which was unsus-
pected until my wife's accident was that our
key would unlock every front door on our side
of the block. This was a fact that eaused
a lot of comment in the newspapers when it
became known. You may remember it. It
never had occurred to any man to try his latch
key on his neighbor's door, and hence it re-
mained for my wife to discover it

“It happened that on the night of a wedding
which my wife was very anxious to attend
T was ill and could not accompany her. Her
brother acted as her escort

turn,’ said my wife, ‘and I am going to come

in so quietly that 1 will not wake you up’

“ T'll hear you, sure enough,’ | answered,
and away she went. It was nearly midnight
when her brother drove up in front of our house
He took my wife's latehkey and unlocked the

Owing to my ilfneas, he declined to
My wife closed the door carefully
and silently crept upstaire. She was deter-
mined not to awake me. The light in our bed-
room was very low, and my wile slipped over
to her dreasing table to prepare to retire. She
took off her jewelry and placed it on the table
Then she slipped off her waist and loosened her
hair. This was all done very quietly and with-
out turning up the gas 4 snore from the bed
startled my wife, because she has always said
that [did not snore, Concluding that IT was not
resting easily, she stepped over to the bed and
then stopped short. Why she did not scream
or faint, or both, I have never understood
Her eyes first fell on a waman with very blonde

come in

 

| hair who was asleep where she soon expected to

be. She has said since that even with this
evidence of my perfidy she did not lose confi-
dence in me. I would like to know, however,
just what did pass through her mind at that
moment. Turning her eyes over to my side of
the bed, she was horrified to see sleeping there a
man with very black whiskers. 1 was smoothly
shaven in those days, and the contrast could
not have been stronger

“She stoodthere fora length of time that she

was never able to estimate, A suspicion of the

) truth dawned on her and as she looked closely
| around the room the suspicion became a cer-

and you will find the samesurprising conditions, |

Itia by the square acre--one might almostsay by
the square mile-at a time that Brooklyn Is
building houses, houses that, nearly allof them,
are hornes.

And all of these places that have just been
mentioned are within thirty-five minutes of the
New York City Hall. To go to those of them
that are farthest away is but to makesucha
Journey as from the City Hall to 155th street In
Manhattan, There are many more within quite
as easy reach. Take, for instance, Midwood,
Windsor Terrace, Fiske Terrace, Bay Ridge
Park, New Utrecht Park, Fort Hamilton, Rich-
mond Hill, Woodside and Elmhurst. These all
ean be reached from the New York City Hall
in but a little more than half an
hour. Andoverin Queens county, where tha
contagion of building and development is

rapidly spreading, there are nearly as many |

more places, all of them within 40 or 45 mirutes
of the Manhattan end of the Bridge. Vander-
veer Park, Brooklyn Manor, Brooklyn Hills and
Slocum Park—these are all large centres of de-
velopment which have not been mentioned,
and there are dozens more that could be named
if it were the id°a to form merely «4 catalogue,
for the history of one is pretty much like the
history of all the rest.

WHAT MORE BRIDGES WILY DO.

that all this has been done with only one bridge,

up pressure that so long has been seething in
Manhattan, boiling over into Jersey and squeez-
ing and forcing ita way up the long narrow
stretch of the city to seek breathing space and
room for expansion at the north, But there

was no proper room for expansion § at
the north. It took too long to get there.
Besides the lines of travel there were

twamped and congested at the rush hours
almost past endurance. So it was at the one
bridge until the trolleys came and for a time
brought some relief, but now, they too, as well
as the Bridge trains and the Brooklyn elevated
trains that cross the Bridge —all these are now
swamped at the rush hours as badly as were the
Bridge trains alone before the trolley cars and
the Brooklyn Elevated Rallroad cars succeeded
in getting across, That fact, too, is another
measure of Brooklyn's marvellous growth, with
only one bridge. How will it be when there are
two and = perhaps three more bridges,
making three or four in all? How will it be
then with the growth of the great new City of
Homes? But even that is not all There are
tunnels to be built -tunnels that will dive down
under the river and come up, one at the north
maybe near Long Island City and another at
the south down South Brooklyn way. All of
these things are facta of the future and of the
near future at that. New bridges and tunnels
will bring some of these beautiful home centres
in Brooklyn that have been mentioned
within fifteen minutes of the City
Hall in New York. To reach places in Brook-
lyn that even now are only thirty, thirty-five or
forty minutes away will be only like taking a
cable car now and going to Fourteenth or per-
haps to ‘l wenty-third street. Sections like the
Thirtieth and Thirty-first wards in Brooklyn is
where now the (ro!ley lines are run with a ser-
vice that apparently is out of all proportion to
the populatiqn, will besections where the pres

ew OR me a

 

 

tainty. She was in the wrong house. The
bedroom
nished much the same
and found her standing there she knew
they would raise a row before asking explana-
tions. Her nerve in the circumstances was
good. She grabbed her waist and wraps and
vacked slowly out of the room, keeping her
—< on the bed so that in case elther sleeper
showed signs of awakening she might min.
“The man with the beard tossed uneasily.
The wife held her breath. Then he settled
back to his snoring. When she reached the
stairs she hurried down, opened the front door

and closed it after her. ‘Then she looked at the

It was fur-
If the sleepers awoke
that

was exactly like ours

number. She had entered the house
ours. She was in the street with her
and her wraps in her hands and her hair hang-
ing down her back. She r@n up our steps and
found that in her haste to leave the strange
bedroom she had left behind her lateh-
key and her jewels. was awakened by
our bell ringing loudly, and slipping into a
bath robe, | went down and opened the door.
My wife simply fell inside and fainted. You
can imagine my feelings at seeing her come
home in such a condition. When she recovered
consciousness she told me the whole story.

“It did not surprise me that she had gone
to the door of the next house, but I could not
understand our latch key opening it. | as-
sumed that probably the door had not been
properly locked. It was evidently impos-
sible for us to keep the story to ourselves.
My wife's jewelry, some of it marked, was
in the bedroom of the house next door. We
decided not to arouse our neighbors at that
hour, I arose at daylight next morning and
asked for Mr. Jones, our neighbor. I never
had met him, but he knew who I was. | sent
up word that T must see him at once. Down

next to
Waist

) he came in a bath robe and when | told him
| the story of my wife’s adventure he was scepti-

And now the mind should well grasp the fact

eal
“*Yeur wife was probably tired and a little

| t ” “My rns ‘ke
only one safety valve opened to let off thepent- | Leth unk Tats coe The de ones

last night and I am sure if she had come into
our bedroom, as you say, she would have
aroused us.”

“Tt ean be easily proved,’ said 1. ‘Just
go up and see if my wife's Jewelry ia not on
your wife's dressing table.’

“When he came down with my wife's jewelry
in his hands his face was a study. It was
a relief to me when he laughed, and I joined
him. We agreed to keep this story to our-
selves. We found that one latch key would
unlock both front doors and then we discovered

on our side of the block. Whether this was
due to a mistake or was a joke of the builders
I never discovered. 1 wonder that more such
accidents didn't occur,”

HAWAII! IS GRATEFUL,
Therefore About Everybody on the Island Is
for the Republican Party,

E. F. Bishop of Honolulu, one of the largest
sugar planters in the Hawaiian Islands arrived

in this city yesterday. He left Honolulu
on duly 20 and spent some time in
San Francisco Mr. Bishop said last

| night that the people of the Hawaiian Islands

were convinced that they lived in the most
Ppro-perous territory in the world, and that they
all believed that the Republican party was re-
sponsible for their prosperity.

“The Reciprocity Treaty, a Republican meas-
ure, was the beginning of our prosperity,”
raid Mr. Bishop, “and our annexation to the
United States two years ago was the climax,
We are proud of the American flag which floats
over the public buildings at Honolulu We
know what it means. and we know what liberty
under that flag means. :

“The Honolulu Democrats sent Prince David
to represent them ut the Kansas City Conven-

on. It is said in Kansas City, and I believe

’rince David says so himself, that he cast the
deciding vote which placed the free silver plank
in the Democratic platform. Idoubt that David
ever before heard of 16 to 1, except on a race-
track. The royalist faction in Hawaii is com-

: cata? a namotots, I Teppeee they

n at Mr. Bryan will restore the monarch
if he is elected." ,

\
|
“*You will probably be asleep when I |
!
|

that our key would unlock every front

 

A DREAM OF LIGHTS IN PARIS

WON DERFULILLUMINATION IN HONOR
OF THE SHAH'S VISIT.

Effects tn the Exposition Grounds The Eiffel
Tower by Night—A Striking Display on the
Seine Notable Parade of the Students

The Remarkable Headgear They Wore.
Panis, Aug. 19.—Paris by night and Paris by
daylight are even more at variance than the
time-honored chalk and cheese. Paris in any

 

! guise and with all her faults and fakes is arev- |

elation to the stranger, a perennial magnet to
the resident. But Paris illuminated isa dream,
a glory, an inspiration, lasting for a lifetime.

Last night, by one of those wondrous and |

startling contrasts furnished by the ever-

ehanging complexion of nations, the Elysian |

féte in the Exposition grounds in honor of the
Shah of Persia, and postponed for a week be-

| eauve of the assassination of King Humbert,

was celebrated with even greater pomp than
originally planned. And as another of the
myriad verifications of dear old Rip's
prophetic words, “How soon we are for-
gotten,” the flags of Trance, half-masted
on Thureday, the funeral day of Italy's
dead monarch, are sent to the peak on the
morrow’s sun as a last grand tribute to the
living Shah, who quits the gayest city on earth
the following day. Andeven this royal fatalist,
whose coolness upder such an ordeal
phenomenal came, within an ace in this same
happy Paris of joining Humbert on the other
shore where there is but one throne of the King
of Kings. For it was only the blind zeal of the
assassin who filed the hammer of his revolver
too finely that saved a sovereign’s life, and this
same sovereign, instead of thanking a merci-
ful Providence, smiles and says: ‘My time had
not come.”

And with something of a similar selfishness
we were also glad, else otherwise last night's fete
would not have been, Hero worship pure and
simple is often disgusting even to nausea, yet
to the citizen of a country where a towboy can
become a President Just the sight of the French
Executive and the potentate of Persia was an
incident worthy of recollection. And to look on
royalty insuch a frame was even grander, for
the faces of half ainillion people, Hghted by as
many lamps, with over ali the one splendor of
the night under whose mystic spell, though
thousands of miles removed, all else paled to
almost insignificance, this altogether was mug-
nificent, overwhelming, awe-inspiring. We lilt
our hats to France with a respect approaching
reverence, for nowhere in the wide world, save
possibly the one exception of Chicago Nicht, at
our own World's Fair seven yeara aco, was this
superb spectacle ever duplicated

Picture if you can the most exquisite garden
party at night you have ever seen, then multi-
ply this a hundred fo'd, and you get a fair idea
of this truiy Elysian féte. And there yet must
be added to this creation of your imagination
the Eiffel Tower with its thousand feet of
massive iron resplendent with electricity, and
from its very top sending out for miles the
blinding rays of three enormous searchiights,
the falling waters of the Chfteau d'Fau trans-
parent with viricolored fires, while at the other
extreme of the Champ de Mars, half a mile
away, the superb Trocadero stands forth like a

gorgeous temple of flame To digreas for
a moment, from the top of this same
Eiffel Tower no flaw save that of France

has ever flown except on one orcasion, On the
Fourth of July just past the Stars and Stripes
floated side by side with the red, white and
blue of a sister nation, seeming perhaps a trifle
yet speaking volumes. Every bush has its red,
yellow and blue lanterps, every building its
girdle of gaslight or electricity at once ac-
cented and varied by dozens of huge sunbursts
in dfferent designs. Now the cannons signal
the approach of the fleet of pleasure craft, and
the lighted-hearted multitude, never stamped-
ing into an ugly crush, always good natured
and swayed absolutely by their insatiate greed
for a good time, hasten away to the banks of
the Seine

And well they may hurry, for here is a speo-
tacie which is a_worthy sequence to the one
just described. The river is filled with craft of
every description, each covered to the last
nook and corner with many colored lanterna
and loaded with pleasure-seekers. Here comes
a stately swan of enormous proyortions end un-
natural brillianey, for she has bean fed on elec

tricity until she fairly blazes. Next follows
an impossible dragon belching volumes of
red fire until the Seine seems a stream
of blocd. Now a Government tug alter-
nates its shrieking whistle with tremen-
dous explosions of bombs and exquisitely
beautiful showers of gold and silver etars,

whieh call forth polyglot expressions of delight
varying from the unintelligible guttural of a
Chinaman tothe familiar and weleome “Good
work” of a Down Fast Yankee. All the myriad
of regular river boats are most generously il-
luminated, and as they are of necessity run at
a slack speed, their brilliant effect is gracefully
heightened. Every bridge is packed with hu-
manity save the temporary and lighter ones
built expressly for the Exposition Aas it is
feared these would not stand the strain of such
a throng, aline of gendarines at eitherend bars
the way. Justhere one striking detail of all
the many French crowds we have seen is worthy
of comment, Absolutelr no drunkenness is to
be seen, and, further than this, we have vet to
seeafghtora disturbance of any kind, save
the everla ting interchange of epithets between
angry cabbies which always ends as it began,
in words,

But back to the river, for here comes the
piéce de resistance of the evening. First a tug
carrying the band of one of the regiments of
the line, then ahuge barge transformed into a
beautiful garden, In the centre of this garden
isa throne on which is seated the Gioddess of
Beauty, Pleasur®, Liberty, or, in brief, of any-
thing which suits your imagination. Round
about the throne in robes of flowing whitea
host of dainty maidens circle and dance most
gracefully. all the while singing a gentle melody
of love and youth and hope. It is a wonderfully
effective and beautiful picture, the gem of the
evening, and arousing cheer upon cheer from
the enthusiastic crowd. No American present
canever possibly forget this gorgeous revel, and
if, as rumor has it, the Persian ruler bassrent
nearly a million dollars during his stay in Paris,
this midsummer night's dreain prolonged even
to daylight was alone worth every cent of it,
and the Shah's subjects can probably afford it

Paris is ever a kaleidoscope, and to-day, after
Wishing the Shah good luck on his trip to
Ostend, one strolls over to the Latin Quarter to
Witness another feature of this never-monoto-
nous metropolis. Before starting, just a rassing
tribute to the déjeuner, which 's really the tirst
hearty meal of theday. Genuine French cook-
ing isarevelation, Eegs cooked in a dozen
different ways so novel and so delicious as to
tempt the most inveterate hater of this conven-
ient food, chickens which are always what they
are called, salads actually beyond description
amelon that melts in your mouth anda pint of
haut sauterne with a bouquet as delicate as the
cost is cheap-—all these are and always will be
tender memories deartoany one who loves
good things to eat

Tt is just 8 when we reach the Rue Rona-
parte, which forins one side of the Place Saint
Sulpice, in which stands the famous church of
the same’name. Drawn upin front of the city
building, which is the headquarters of the
Mavor of the Luxembourg arondissement, are a
dozen or more of the Garde Republique,
mounted on their always splendid horses, with
as mnanys more gendarmes on foot, and never
forgetting the bicycle police, who to-day ac-
company every public function, All this dis-
play of authority means a procession of stu-
dents drawn from a score of countries to the
superior schools and universitios of this elty of
culture. Now the signal is elven, and with the
pice of a funeral there emerges from the hue
stone building as motley a crowd of youths as
can be found on the face of theearth. There
are two hundred or more tn files of four ard di-
vided into a dozen odd detachments, each of
which cortien 8 silk banner whose inserip-

we

tion gives elty oor country from
which they — come Their headgear is
a miracle of variety in beth color and

style. The conventional straw and derby hat
appear side by side with a tall silk hat of a lone-
forgotten ave. Velvet caps range in color
froma prevailing black to orange, green, red,
blue, yellow and purple, while the climax is
reached in a hue as hideous as it is indescriba-
ble. Some have feathers stuck jauntily in their
hatbines, @thers wear broad sashes of vari-
colored silk ribbon drawn over their shoulders
or about their waists. Several are in full even-
ing dreas even to the white kid gloves, an odd
spectacle inthe broad daylight of an August
afternoon, Atthe very end of the procession
a bandful of students from a local school make
un for what they lack in numbers bv the most
effeciive uniforin of the day, entire suits of
clear white dvck with black velvet caps as a
finishing touch

We march inthe street the entire distance
fo the University of Paris, trying under
the spell of the moment to fancy ourselves
acain a student at Harvard and ourselves
marching in the famous Grant and Wilson
torchlicht parede now nearly thirty years gone
by. Everybody even tothe gendarmas {s good-
natured, and as they wind their devious way
throuch a cozen streets and boulevards to
their destination, patrons of the cafés, pronrie-
tor, waiters shopkeepers and their clerks
everybody who is on foot, crowd to the curb to
smile — approval Now some reminiscent
man of middie age spying hie college colors
thouts a sudden, spontaneous cheer of recogni-
tion, and the whole company to which he onoe

was |

    

 

 

belonged sends back his cheer in terrifte yn).

son. There is no band of music to head
the procession, nor is one needed, fop
an enthusiastic youngster passes cijjoK),
,along the line distributing copia

a popular song, and soon there swells upon 9,
airame adv that is ever unique. the bends {
voices of those who are young, full of hope ang
gloriously sanguine in ther dightheart dno
A lover of the ludicrous would have lavehod
very glee over an episode at a street
where a new building Was in process of ereetiiy,
The workmen from their lofty stagines w th
the sharpened tongues which uneducated boorg
' always wag at their more fortunate fellow mye,

threw clever fe-ts and echoed back the colloye
songs With remarkable powers of toimiory ar
once amusing and ironical, TRe on;

kodak flend from every nation, ineludi e
own, shaped spots all along the line, and «
ge-teda jolly and novel moving picture for yy 4
| viudev.lerhows .

| But now the strains of a military band arg
heard in tQe distance and soon the tortie
crowd are marching past this sane band tire

"

n
ther

resent

  

the University of Paris, where a speech of wel.
; come and other appropriate ceremonies wi]
' end the function, if vou ask what it al! means
| tie answer is eo diMeult one simply replies. oye
! is Parisian.”’ and it is also one feature of the

conaress of students at present conven:
| Butif you come to Paris to see this w
| capital as she is and at her best, be sure

| such sights asare here but poorly painted

a hare

 
  

VERY CLOSE TO A LYNCH; NG,

 

How the Neck of a Reckless Sleuth Was Saveg
by an Accident.

From the New Orleans Timea-Democrat
“On officer often has to risk his life to pr loot
a prisoner,” remarked an old railroad detan.
' tive last evening, “but generally a little strategy
will outwit a mob, The queerest case of thas
kind [ ever heard of happened years ago, out in
Colorado, at a place called Carbonville [y
was a pretty tough mining camp, and one nigh t,
in a brawl, the town marshal was shot dead hy
a@ gambler named Connors, The murderer was
a atranger in the place and managed to make
his escape; but the marshal had been very popu.
lar,and the miners swore all kinds of vengeatioa,
“About a week latera couple of deputy sherif«
captured Connors at a place some thirty mijog
| away and decided to take him to the next eourty
| seat for safe keeping. The road ran throveh
| Carbondale, and, as the news of Wd
already reached that camp and stirred it t. 4
| fever piteh, they calculated, very correctly, that
there was likely i they showed
up. Atlast one of the deputias, a reckless «o t
of chap named Jake Higuins, sugested asche ia
| ‘Ll look a good deal like Connors,’ he said, ‘a 1
| those folks over there hardly know him
|
|
|

pose I play prisoner, while we send an «
with our man through town by a hack 1 j
they ain't going to hang me right away
and while they are pow-wowing about it ¢
nors will be through and gone. Phe
tell ‘em who T am, show ‘em our be
papers, have the laugh on the gang ;
ou behind.” This brilliant idea, which +
have occurred to nobody but a scatrer-hray
lunatic like Higgins, was promptly adopr
He was handcuffed, put in a wagon between
two deputies, and the real prisoner hrouwhe
up the rear with another offleerin a bugg
“Lt was about dusk when the wagon reached
Carbonville,” continued the dete: tive, and
just as they had expected, a crowd of gh
citizens were in waiting. They prormptiy
held up the team and the spokesman told the
oMecers that the good citizens of the eam had
decided it wasn't worth while to waste any
money giving Connors a regular tris The
only thing that was needed, he said, wasa short
piece of hemp and they brought a section of
a
t

the arrest }

to be trouble whe

 

 
    

shaft rope, all ready for the ceremons r
deputy began to expostulate to gain time, t

they cut him short and started todrag Hice

outof the wagon, while some ofthe ovhersthrew
the loose end of the rope over a near by binh,
That looked critical and the depute wot rattled
‘Hold on, boys!’ he yelled, ‘this ist
And with that he blurted out the wh
as fast as his tongue could wag As the
have anticipated, if they had had any sence, the
explanation was received with jeers, Yor sre

tthe ma

 

 

Connors had been in camp only a few hours bee
fore he got into the shooting serape, and Higvins
was himself a stranger in that loeality. so it
was easy to confuse them, especialiv as they
really did look alike A dozen men in the erowd
declared positively that the deputy was tha

,s

real murderer and they simply laughed at |
papers and star. ‘It's too thin" said the leader:
‘we'll give you a couple of minutes to say vour
prayers and then up vou go"

“@t that stage, when Higgins's life wasr't
worth an old button, a miner came rushing up
with the news that two men had been badiv
hurt in a runaway on the edge of the camp and
that one of them was handenffed. That started
the crowd and they suspended proceedings to
investigate. It seemed that the other officer
with the bona-fide prisoner had attempted to
cut afound town at top speed and ran the bugey
into a little guleh. He had his collarbone
broken and Connors fractured his leg. When
they carried them into a bar it was seen at
once that there had been a mistake, and, sone-
how or other, the idea that they had e:
within an ace of stringing up the wrong
took all the Ivnehing spirit out of the m
Connors was allowed to go through, spent
months in Jat], got a change of venue and +
actually acquitted on trial. I don't know wi
hecame of him. Hilgwins died a year or so ac
That's a true story, boys, and the very closest
call in my memory.”

THIS PANHANDLER AN

 

oe ae

 

ARTIST.

Methods of a Beggar With a Pathetic Tale te
Tell in Central Park,

Probably the most prosperous as well os the
most skilful panhandler in New York confines
his operations exclusively to Central Park. Ha
seems to be alone in the business there and ha
income is larger than that of a steady workman
with a good trade. He does not have to work
in winter because he takes in enough {fn tha
warm weather to keep him in comfort for the
rest of the year. He doesn't look like the or-
dinary panhandler, and his method of extracting
coin from his victims is so far superior to that
of Pink Whiskers Blake or any of the other mud
horses of Park Row that he would probably he
insulted by a comparison. Many a citizen
who has made it an invariable practice to revect
all appeals for money from street beggars and
who thinks he is too wise to be taken in by anr
sham tale of woe, has given up his coin to this
panhandler and has gone away feeling sure
that at last a deserving person has been found

This Central Park panhandler is a short,
stoutly built man of perhaps 65 years, His
eyes are small and shifty and his moustache |*
rather scraggy. He wears a brownish summer
suit and a youthful straw hat. One of his v
tims, a young man who could not possibly be
fooled by the Park row brand of panhandlers,
has this to say about him:

‘The first time I saw the man was five rears
ago thissummer. It was one of a series of very
hot days when the town seemed to be one vast
oven and) went into the park in search of a cool

@pot. Tsat down on a bench on the West drive
opposite Seventy-fifth street. Pretty soon

sew a little man coming along and he seemed
to be suffering greatly from the heat He sat
down on the bench beside me, but for a g
time he did not say a word He looked <9

thoroughly done up that — felt sorry tor
Finally he spoke of the intense heat and toa
number of people who were killed ofever: «
mer in New York. He spoke with a German
aceent, but his grammar was good and he {
like an intelligent man. There wa
pathetic strain in his conversation
say LE was interested in what he said, alt anf
am not given to striking up aequaintane n
the park. Most men who sit down beside © ou
there want to retail to vou at second har rie
low journal editorials on trusts and the 1 v
power, but this man was different

“After a while he got around t
ters and said he was on his war,
Brooklyn Bridge. He also said {
walked from isth street, and that the t
caused red spots to dance before his « 1
expressed surprise that a man of his appent+
anee should be compelled to walk so far on 4
hot day, whereupon he launched forth upon

teeort 4
and Ir

 

on foot, t
that he

one of the saddest stories Lever heard And!a
told it with consummate skill, T assure vor It
was all about his long strugsle to keep bis fame
ily together, the death of his wife which broke

his heart and the ingratitude of his c} ’
whe turned him out of doors after he had worn
himself out bringing them up and wast neer
able to work. My, but | was 1 { a
course T flew to his aid. He took the hall d r
1 offered him it was all | had in my »
butshook his head imeurnfully and said that be
had only one wish to join his wife a
grave. There wasn't anything theatr r
-t
’
‘

sloppy about the story and it was told
natural way. When he got up te go T told
fo cheer up as things were bound to « el
way before long I never gave alms with?
satisfaction in my life and for several day= 4
old man's pathetic story was often mens t ’
“About a week Jater | was in Che par
Ninetieth street As Twas going up some stens
cut in the natural rock T saw a nicely dressed
old woman with glasses sitting on the ty
ahove 1 told

re

By her side sat the man who had
me the pathetic story. The woman fished «
silver from her purse and handed it

Just as Teot within earshot she said “Now,
musn't give way to desmiir
you lose evervthing.’ The man sh
mournfully, poeketed the money and went

“Since then T have seen him more thar

times in the park and his mission was Always
the same. How he keeps the run of the peor *
he has touched once is beyond me, but apce’
ently he never makes the mistake of tack’!
the same person twice. Several times | A"
sat on a lonely bench and tried to trap him. bY!
he always passes by without looking wal.

'

  

Alig

c
a
‘