BIG DEMOCRATS

   
  
  
  

 

pLBTON 4 co, OF BALTIMORE
gam Now ASSAIL BRYANISM,
re Whose Influence Is Great to the Fi
ee Affairs of the South Issge a Cirow
os Indorsing the Kepubitcan Administra-
. They Declare for Sound Money as
en as for # Dignifed Forelga Polloy,
bleton & Co, the Baltimore bankers,
wn influenos fn financial affairs throuah-
or South is very @reat, bave issued
oat oular indorsing the Republican Adminis-
ee and denounciag Bryan and his free
ae a gramine. The statement comes from
Pu whoe members have been hitherto
% edein-the wool Democrats,’ and whose in-
y coin State a dnational Democratic politics
Tes very ereat. Hambleton & Co.'s cha: ge
ypelition ‘4 sdue not only to the stand
en t the Demoeratio party on the silver
* tion iso to tts ridiculous efforts in
ques Hon to the foreign policy of President
oxinley « \dministration. With regard to the
Republican par'y's polloy in the present Chinese
groables, the circular 6ays:
‘The part which the United Btates have taken
China has been most creditable, especially to
the biate Department. Every American must
feel proud of the leading position wh.ch the
United states have assumed, The whole course
of the Adn tration has been most commend-
able, ond we have taken the lead in diplomacy,
wdid our army in the attack upon and capture
of Pekio, Some of the so-called anti-impert-
also newspapers are simply making
themeeives ridiculous by their childish ef-
forte to | wake it appear that President
McK nley ts acting the part of a dictaior in
nding troops to China without the consent of
ne r If the Government had followed the
aT of such erities we would have
wed before the World a® cowards and pol-
f ane eoole who would permit even a
Pai. slap their face without resenting
the f! ,and who would permit their repre-
gotatives and thetr families tn foreign coun-
trie to De! irderously attacked without rais-
(nga hand to save therm Shame upon such
A sms and those responsible for them!
Ha efon & Co, contrast the present finan-
dal situation with those in 1896 as follows:
About this ime of the year in 1806, just be-
; election of that year, affairs were In a
fore we
vay bad condition, Money was scarce and
rates high, the New York banks were discussing

the advisability of issuing clearing house cer-
tifcates, and gold Was going out in large and
aarmitg quantities The Government was on
the eve of a bond issue to protect the re
serve when, just about this time, the banks
and bankers came to the rescue, and by

the sterling exchange market

jpuiaur
oped gold exports and imported large
amounts trom Europe. This steadied the

market. but unoartainty and doubt continued
up to the election, when confidence was re-
vored by the defeat of Mr. Bryan.

“at present we are enjoying a period of quiet
qafidence Money is easy, and although gold
fs going out it is not because of distrust, but
because we bave a surplus of gold and a sur-
plus of loanable funds which we are loaning
abroad to those who need it more than we do.
It is needless to say that this feeling of oonfi-
dence {s based upon the Gere belief that by no
possible chance oan Mr. Bryan be elected, The
greatest danger to the Republican party, and
hence to the country, is over-confidence in the
reflection of President McKinley.”

The recent wreat advancement of the United
Bates among the nations of the world Hamble-
ton & Co. attribute to the adoption and main-
tenance of’ the goldstandard The manner in
which the interests of the United States were
sdvanoed {a deseribed as follows in the circu-
lar

“The most careless observer of contempora-

peous events must realize the wonderful
advancement made by our country in re
cent years, not only in wealth and = all
that goes to make up a4 great and
prosperous nation, but particularly in pres-
tee and position among natons Looking
back to the period of 1800 to 1893 we will re-

member that not only did the United States
not holda commanding position among na-
thos, but we were at that time suffering
from distrust and depression, attributable to
Gowise currency laws and the adoption of a
financial svstem at variance with the accepted
principies of solvent and prosperous nations.
At the close of the Harrison Administration the
operations of the currency laws of 1878 and 1890
had produced a state of affairs so alarming as to
destroy confidence. Eurore was sending home
our securities to the value of hundreds of
millions of dollars and waa withdrawing ite
capital from this country, fearing the ina ility
of the Government, under the great and
ascoumulating load of silver, to maintain our
currency upon aparity with gold; business was
gteatly depressed and the revenues of the Gov-
@rnment were so reduced that a deficiency was
inevitable. Such were the conditions when Mr
Cleveland was inaugurated for his second

m

“The turning point was reached when,
through the efforts of Mr. Clevel nd, the silver
purchasing clause ofthe Sherman act of 1890
Was repealed) We may say, in passing, that
seman Sherman himself contributed largely to

action of the Senate in repealing this act,
and that in the final vote, although a Demo-
cratic measure, there were more R:publican
than Democratic votes in favor of the repeal of
the bill. Ali through Mr. Cleveland's Admin|s-
tation his party associates, many of them the
same who voted for the repeal of the Sherman
et, used their best endeavors to enact
@straight-our free silver coinage law and op-
fee at efforts of Mr. Cleveland to maintain

egold reserve. Thanks to Republican sup-
port of Mr. Cleveland 4 jollcy the gold reserve
Was maintained and the efforts of the Demo-
@eteand Populists to force freesilver on the
country were sucosestuily resisted. These re-

ta tended to a restoration of confidence, but
§was not until the defeat of Bryan and success
of the party of sound money in 1896 that confl-

noe Was fully restored ‘

All throughout President McKinley’s Ad-
min stration there has been a steady growth in
trade, manufactures, commerce and general
business. We do not pretend to claim credit for
President McKinley 's Administration for al!
theseresults or for the great advancement
made by the United States in the past four
years. But at the bottom of it all was confi-
dence, produced by the assurance that we
Would be spared the degradation of a debased
cereaey and thatthe gold standard would be

ntalr

0 pres'ige and national importance we have
Made extraordinary advancement. The quick

overwhelming victory of our arms over
Brain, the gallantry displayed as well as con-
Sderation and tenderness shown by our sailors
tnd soldiers t) defeated enemies, and the ex-
‘aord.nary and satisfactory results accom-
Dished by our army and navy opened
tbe eves of the world, notonly to the prowess of
our Country but to the character of our people.

Ma position of inferiority, we may say al-
Most obscurity, the United States took its place
Mmong the leading nations of the world. The
freeuige then gained has not only been retained,
ut we have made further advancement in the
the Administration
e-e question and the rare and
tory handling of the question by
t of State
», the position of the United

, s eis amost enviable one, We
the ‘ooked up to as the most influential and

Sctive nation among the great nations of the

magnificent treatment by
Of the Chir

    

 

   

 

   
  

werd. and our diplomaev and treatment of the
lead! Question are paramount. Weocecupy a
ing position as a nation whose products are
detnand the world over; indeed, in many in-
cane are indispensable. We have risen from
son dependent upon European capital for
evelopment of our industries and enter-
oa 'o § position where we are lending large
on of the accumulated wealth of the country
@ hitherto jeading nations of the world,”’

Mir one thng

the circular says, could
change a!] this

that is the election of Bryan.

 

COLER GETS ROCKLAND'S VOTE.

 

St Anti-Croker Resolutions Adopted By the
Convention at New City.

aegi® Aue 25.-Unanimous sentiment for
8. Coler for Governor marked the Rook-

Ghé County Democratic Convention at New
teehee: ternoon. It adopted the following
Reaoived, That the De

; + that emocratic party of
dekland Guntyin convention assembled to-
lee Jonnie oy ndorse the uominations of Wil-
Hoven: nes Bryan for President and Adlai E.
Son for Vice-President, and pledve to
"Reolt unwavering and unqualified support
tontent 1 That we recognize inthe coming
that the feeb uttical supremacy in this State
or Gove mocratic party needs a candidate
© lead ‘or upon Whom weoan safely rely

hav eic. Victory and, therefore, do

othe orth , indorse the candidacy
Govern a eit 8. Coler for the nomination of
able.’ who hwehown himself to bea pure
New Yor oMcial as Comptroller of the clty of
tk and faibhfuland fearless {in the ad-

Barty acy 12 principles of the Democratic
fed ts an? one who in every way is fully quali-
Vithour catee the duties of that high office
Those now” “id or assistance of a boss, and
omnation will bring certain victory to

Neveribare’ the ballot box on the @thday of

wwe*wbiyman Frank P.Demareat of Clarks-

» William W. Wh ard of O
rangetown and
Rares Lynch of Haverstraw were eoted

tes to the St ;
nan id ate Convention and were
long an po’ Instructed to vote for Coler as

* isin the race.
Manchteld Sure He's Not @ Candidate.

Ra, Aug. 25.—John B. Stanchfield re-
wed to Flmira to-day after a four weeks’
snare io, New’ Hampshire. He said he was
Be: . idate for Governor and did not in-
(eer Y

©. He also asserted that he had no
With either Hill ‘ ,
k on Thursd called on MrB

a
nator Murphy.

Sn

 

~RECANT.
Stops to ae haus = Omaha -Sat

BRYAN HOME FOR A FEW HOURS,

 

Linooum, Nob., Aug. 25.~Mr. Bryan spent
& few hours at hore to-day. At 9 o'clock he
camo in from Beatrice, but there was no cheer-
ing crowd to greet him. After dinner he drove
down to the station again and accompanied
a delegation of local Democrata to Omaha,
where he was one of the speakers at a Demo-
eratio club picnic. Mr. Bryan expressed great
gratification over the character of his audi-
ences and the enthusiasm shown. He thought
that 4 great many Republicans had been among
the crowds and that he had started many of
them to thinking. While he will not talk for
publication, he is not at all backward in private
in expressing the belief that the Republicans
will be forced to meet the issue of imperialism
and that they will find when they begin the dis-
cussion of campaign issues that the people will
not permit their speakers to dismiss this issue
48 @ Inere bugaboo.

One of Mr. Bryan's objects in making this
ppecchmeking tour was to test his theory and
idea of “paramountcy,” and he returns con-
vinced that it is the new issues, and not the old
ones, the voters want informauon and enlight-
enment upon

Mr. Bryan is somewhat annoyed by the per-
sistency with which the story follows him that
he has his weather eye upon one of the two
seats in the United States Senate to be filled
by the next Legislature aod that he is shaping
his plana with that object in view if the Presi-
dency is not to be his, He tells his friends
that he hopes they will discourage this talk,
that he is tn the habit of running for but one
office at a time and has not thought of the Senate
atall, This is borne out by the fact that G.
M. Hitchcock, editor of the World-Herald,
has formally announced himself as a candidate
for the Democratic nomination, and this he
would not have done, it is believed, had he not
received some assurance from Bryan that he
would not enter the fleld.

When asked to-day if the fact that President
MoKinley had announced hia tnability to
present at the Grand Army reunion would
make any changes in his plans, Mr. Bryan
said that he had recelyed no advices as to the
President's intentions in the matter, and until
he knew them he could not discuss the matter.
It is improbable that he will withdraw his ao-
ceptance of the invitation.

Mr. Bryan will return ho some time to-
night or in the morning and resume work on
his etter of acceptance of the Democratio
nomination He expects to finish this in a
day or two. When he returned this morning
his voice was husky and ragged, an has
recelyed several intimations from his larynx
that {t will not stand the surain of four of five
long speeches a day. as it did four years ago

ADLAI AND THE POPULIST4.
Indications That Stevenson Will Be the Party’s
Nominee for Vice-President,

LINCOLN, Neb., Aug. 25.—-At the Populist
National Headquarters here the utmost confi-
denoe is expressed that the National Commit-
tee, at its meeting in Chicago on next Tuesday,
will substitute Adlai E, Stevenson for Charles
A. Towne as the party's Vice-Presidential nom-
ines. Chairman Butler's activity in opposi-
tion to this plan has spurred the Stevenson
men to action, and letters and telegrams have
been piling into headquarters for several days.
A careful count of noses has been made, and
unless some trickery {a atternpied, the Steven-
son men expect to win hands down. Accord-
ing to their figures, they will have from seventy
to seventy-five of the 120 members of the com-
mittee, Not over sixty are expected to attend,
but all of the absentees will be represented
by_proxies,

Butler has been writing letters protesting
against Populist indorsement of the entire
Democratic national ticket, and in his fight he
has been backed up by George F. Washburn
of Massachusetts, the National Treasurer.
Washburn is said, however, to have shown
a desire more recently to trim, and may yet be
found accepting Adlai without a murmur.
Butler is implacable, and he will not even con-
si er the compromise suggested by some of
the men who are on the fence, which is to leave
the place vacant. The Democrats, {tn most
of the States where the Populist vote is large
and their codéperation essential, have given
the Popullsts part of the electoral ticket, and
thus made the way easyffor a thorough union.

INDIANAPOLIS, Aug. 25.--Further evidence
of a scheme to prevent the nomination of Adiai
E. Stevenson for Vice-President on the Populist
national ticket as Charles A, Towne’s suc-
cessor has been discovered. The Populist
National Committee wil] meet at Ch ‘oO next
week to name the candidate. To-day Charles
M. Walter, a leading member of the Executive
Committee of the Mid-Road Populist National
Committee went to Chicago to remain until
Tuesday. He admitted before leaving that
all of the prominent “mid-road” manipulators
are to be in Chicago on Monday. He was alao
willing to wager that Stevenson will not be
nominated, or that if he is, there will be « tre-
mendous split in the Fusion Populist party.

The leading Democrats say that they see the
hand of Mark Hanna tn the effort to stir dis-
sension in the Fusion Populist ranks, and if

ossible cause a break that will land a large
Bulk of the Fusion voters in the “mid-road”
camp.

PLANNING DADY'S DOWNFALL.

He Will Have a Hard Fight to Retain Control
of His Assembly District.

Republicans in the First Assembly district tn
Brooklyn, which inchides the First and Third
wards and one district in the Sixth ware are
all stirred up over the bitter factional fight be-
tween Michael J. Dady and R. Ross Appleton,
which is to be decided at the primaries on Tues-
day. If Dady is defeated, he will not only lose
control of the district, but be forced out of the
chairmanship of the Executive Committee of
the organization and become a political back
number. Each side is straining every effort to
carry the district, and so intense is the interest
that many Republicans are hastening back
from the country to take part in the contest.

Yesterday the anti-Dady faction issued a oir-
cular of which this is a part

“When Mr. Charles A. Schieren was nomi-
nated for Mayor of our city, this same leader
[Dady] left the Republican party and voted for
the Democratic candidate for Mayor. But
mark the result: Mr. Schieren was elected by
rnore than 30,000 majority

“This same leader returned to the Republican
fold and when our esteemed Gov. Roosevelt
was nominated this same leader was most prom-
inent in the councils of our party, with the re-
sult that Gov. Roosevelt, who had then Just re-
turned to his home with the laurel wreath of a
hero on his brow, lost Kings county by nearly
19,000 votes, a change of nearly 50,000,

“In addition to this many Republicans refuse
to be eulded by this leader on account of the
questionable methods employed by him to re-
tain himself in power, in consequence of which
we lose their votes as we did in the Roosevelt
campaign.”

Mr. Appleton said: “The present contast is
against the bulldozing methods of the leader of
this district. We expect to administer a rebuke
to Dady that he will not forget.”

 

SEEKING THE GERMAN VOTE.
Carl Schurz to Speak in His Native Tongue tn
the Indiana Canvass.

IyDUANAPOLIS, Aug. 25.—Roth of the political
parties in this State are becoming apprehensive
over the German vote and are arranging to
make special efforts to secure it. The German-
American Club of this city, which recently
appointed an “Agitation Committee” to work
among the Germans throughout the State, an-
nounces to-day that Carl Schurz has accepted
an invitation to visit Indiana early in Septem-
ber, and that his first speech will be made in
this city. He will speak in German and will
make other speeches in several parts of the
State, principally in the larger cities.

The reports received at Democratic head-
quarters say that nearly all the leading Ger-
mans in Terre Haute, Fort Wayne, Richmond,
New Albany and other large cities are break-
ing away from the Republicans on account of
imperialism, while the reports to the Repub-
lican headquarters {rom © same cities indi-
cate that ous ow of the om ans are for Bryan.

h nflicting repor' ave CA uneasi-
coo in both headquarters, and the Repub:
cans, like the Democrats, have dete ned
bring prominent German speakers to
tate to address their countrymen on the im-
perialistic issues.

 

 

PRIMARY FRAUDS IN BROOKLYN,

Coffey's Lieutenant Says They Were the Oca-
coction of the Enemy.

Assistant Corporation Counsel Luke D. Staple-
ton, who is fighting for Senator Michael J.
Coffey against the regular Democratic mane-
gers in Brooklyn, came out yesterday in 4 state-
ment repudiating. on behalf of his side, all re

ibility for the alle pri fra in

Pe deventh Assembly a her (A by
Councilman W._A. Doyle, the regular leader.
The bogus transfers of voters from mpohatna
were concocted by the enemy, he for
the purpose of di-crediting Senator Coffey's
supporters. 1 e, he said, would be
hy ex ‘ore the pr he

res cont would result Sai elideal pore”

 

trict.

Spey =

   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 

 
  
   
    
  
 
   
    
   
  

“

' Pa smegeare + AO tee mt OER RIT ana

ORR RATED ELE SO ES. ye 2am 7m m 7 ST

fHE SUN, SUNDAY, AUGUST 26, 1900.

BRYAN COULD BANISH GOLD

GAGE

 

TELLS WHAT A FREE SILVER
PRESIDENT MIGHT DO.

Within His Power te Order Obligations ef the
Geoverament Paid in Silver and Destroy
Gold Reserve-fryan Has Said That He
Weuld De It if He Should He Elected.

WaASHINOTON, Aug. 25.—Secretary Gage gave
an interview to-day to a Ster reporter. He
was asked whether Mr. Bryan, if aleocted Preai-
dent, could break down the gold standard.
In case of the election of Mr, Bryan oould he
order his Secretary of the Treasury to pay
interest on coin bonds and the matured bonds
themselves in silver? If so, would our credit
be injuriously affected thereby? In answer
to this and other questions, Secretary Gago
said:

“There fs no doubt Mr. Bryan could order
his Secretary of the Treasury to make pay-
ment tn ailver of all of the public debt payable
in coin and for all ourrent disbursements of
the Government as well, which amount to
$1,500,000 to $1,750,000 per day. That he would
give such an order, too, is very certain, if he
{a in the same mind that he was when fn 1896,
for he was then quoted as saying: ‘If there
is any one who believes that the gold standard
is a good thing, or that it must be maintained,
I want him not to cast his vote for me, because
I promise him it will not be maintained in the
country longer than I am able to get rid of it.”

“Do you think it would be practioable to
control a sufficient volume of silver to make
the payments you referred to?”

“He would have great difficulty in doing that
at onoe. The Treasury of the Government
at the present time is very firmly established
upon 4 gold standard. Including the reserve
of $150,000,000 held against the legal tender
notes, the Government owns and oontrols
only about $16,000,000 In silver, the rest of the
silver being out in circulation among the peo-
ple, either in the form of silver certificates or
silver coin.

“But the announcement by the Treasury
Department of ite purpose to pay silver in
settlement of all interest on the public debt not
specially payable in gold and to make its daily
disbursements to its creditors in silver would
stop the inflow of gold, or at least very largely
diminish payments in gold, and correspond-
ingly increase payments into the Treasury
of silver and silver certificates. Therefore,
it might be anticipated that with a good deal
of perverse ingenuity the time would come at
no distant day when all the revenues of the
Government would be paid to it in silver dollars
or silver certificates and all disbursements made
by it would be made tn ailver dollars or silver
certificates. There would thus be estab-
lished aciroult of silver out of the Treas-
ury into the hands of the people, from the peo-
ple to the banks, from the banks to the Custom
House and from the hands of collectors of
revenue,

“The Government, then, would be practi-
cally on a ailver basis, would it not?”

“That would, no doubt, be accomplished,
and the Government, properly speaking, would
be on a allver basis.”

“How would this affect the credit of the Gov-
ernment?”

“Most disastrously, I have no doubt. The
movement inaugurated as proposed would
give a sense of insecurity, the outstanding
greenbacks that are by the law redeemable
in gold would be presented at the Treasury
for redemption, and the Treasury notes of
1890 likewise. Of these there are $430,000,N00
outetanding. Against these the Government
holda, under the law, $150,000,000 in gold. It
does not require much sagacity to see that if
the gold reserve were not entirely exhausted
it would be soon reduced below the $100,000,000
mark, which the law has established as a minol-
mum, it being the duty of the Secretary of the
Treasury, when that point is reached, to re-
store the reserve to $150,000,000. Under the
adverse infinence upon general business af-
fairs, business would be depressed, industry
checked and the Government's revenues would
be very much diminished. Instead of a sur-
plus we would probably witness a deficiency.

“In restoring the gold reserve, to which I have
just referred, the law directa the Secretary of the
Treasury, if necessary, to sell bonds, payable
in gold, redeemable !n one year, payable tn
twenty years, atarate of interest not to ex-
ceed 8 per cent. perannum. With the impair-
ment to the public credit and with the loss tn
the revenues, as just indicated, it is very doubt-
ful whether bonds within the limitation of
interest permitted in the law could be sold. If
they could not the power to redeem the demand
obligations of the Government, either tn golds
or in silver, would fai).”

“How would this state of things in the Gov-
ernment finances affect general business condi-
tions throughout the country?”

“The effect would be deplorable. Nobody
would be able to measure accurately the influ-
ence upon his own affairs of such Government
action. Every one would be in a state of fear
and when people are afraid they will, as some
one has said, either run or hide. Commercial
dulness would succeed the present commercial
activity, and we would again witness that tn-
dustrial paralysis which characterized the years
1893 and 1896, when the question of what was
to be the standard agitated the publio mind.”

 

HANNA IN PHILADELPRIA.,
Goes to Stir Up Interest in the Campaign and
Raise Money for Expenses.

PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 25.--United States Sena-
tor Marcus A. Hanna, chairman of the Re-
publican National Committee, was in Phila-
de!phia to-day in conference with W. W. Gibbs,
the representative of the National Committee
in Eastern Pennsylvania; Thomas Dolan, John
M. Mack, Charles F. Porter, Jacob C, Seeds
and other Republican leaders in Philadelphia.
Senator Hanna's visit was to raise funds for
campaign purposes. His conference with the
twenty men he met in Mr. Gibbs's office in the
Drexel Building resulted in his assertion after-
ward that he expected the patriotic Republican
manufacturers of this end of the State to con-
tribute a satisfactory sum to the national
campaign fund

Senator Hanna did not indulge to-day in
any extensive political talk. He said:

“There is no use in asking me to talk about
politics. I am up to my eyes In politics, but
my business does not include talk cannot
tell you_the result of the Presidential cam-
aign. I hope for the best. 1 haven't a word
e say about the fight Im New York State, I
haven't anything to say about any political
subject. ;

“My visit here is to stir up a little enthu-
siasm and get the interest up to a good pitch.
I do not care to speak of the condition of the
camp fund. It is my business as chair-
man of the Nationa] Committee to look after the
general progress of the campaign, but the de-
tails are in the ds of the Advisory Commit-
tee. Of course I am aware of the contribu-
tions, but Ido not consider it discreet to
of them.

“If I were like Bryan, who took occasion o
the opportunity I afforded him when I presid
at that meeting in Asbury Park, | week to
hold me up to the public as standing on the
platform in a State he styles the home of trus
with one hand gesticulating and the other han
behind my back ready to receive the bribes
to the trusts, I would not ask for contributions

the campaign. Bryan gets an hour for

speeches. If I could get that there would
be no need to worry about the campaign fund.
I would talk till I got enough money.”

 

BRITTON VERSUS BRISTOW.

 

Hot Contest for a Republican Congress Nomt-
nation in Kings.

The contest between Magistrate Henry
Bristow and Col. Edward E. Britton for the
Republican Congress nomination in the Third
district in Brooklyn has become so bitter that
&@ compromise candidate, it is thought, may
be selected. Col. Britton scored a victory
over Magistrate Bristow on Friday night at a
canvass ip one of the election districts in the
Twenty-second ward for the selection of dele-
@ates to the convention. The Hon. Silas B.

Dutcher, the veteran political warhorse, cham-
pioned the cause of Bristow and Police Com-

missioner Abell was Britton's chief advocata.
The Britton faction won by a vote of 28 to 22,
chagrin.

tly to Mr. tcher's surprise and
uke eat in the political tussle

reat was
yal epee’ gusrenceres & 825 ticket
or tests 0 key fight so

vote for 7

|

inept iii LN
%

ee

GIRLS DROWNED; MEN BSCAPE.

Three Young Women Lose Their Lives itn
Findiay's Lake Near Corry, Pa.

Conny, Pa., Aug. 2%. -1n an accident at Find-
lay’s Lake, fiteen miles from this city, to-day
three young women were drowned. Pearl
Palmer and Mamie Carr of North East, Pa.
and Mary Conokle, daughter of a physician of
Coraopolls, Pa., in oo! with three young

 

men, went In bathing. . Carr, fa
Mamie, was with the party. All join

ane, ovarwed, te wort in the water, wanes |

enly they drop n & Spo yenty feet deep.
The men Scones in free vemselves from
the women, thinking that th» wirls were pre-
tending to be afraid, but whee they did not try
to get out, attempts were to rescue them
without avail. All sank together.

Miss Palmer was to have been married to
one of the men of the party next Monday.
Miss Carr was one of the attractions at the
assembl sunds and was a gifted elocution.
All the {es were recovered within an hour
after the accident by Murray Fisher, who
donned a bathing sult and dived brought
each body to the land.

The accident was witnessed by about fifty
persons on shore, They were powerless to
aid because no boata were available. The
assembly grounds were to be closed ina ik
and the accident has cast a gloom over
entire community. The lake ts oonsi

one of the most treacherous in this region as
{t ts filled with cold springs. ony two Gare
‘o two women were rescued after being
the deep water nearly ten minutes,

 

GEORGE B. MOORE BREAKS DOWN.

Well-Known Pension Attorney of Boston Gees
to Maine for a Rest and Dies,

Boston, Aug. 25.—-Word was received here
to-day of the death at Webster, Me., of George
B. Moore, a lawyer and pensions attorney
with an office at 87 Tremont street. He had
not been in good health for three or four years
and before leaving for Webster, about ee
middle of July, where a sister resides, he tack
up a placard which read;

“TAKE NoTIce-—I am sick and tired and have
gone to Maine for arest. but I shall give promp
Attention to all pension. matters,”

The notice then added that Mr. Moore could
be addressed at Webster. He was born In
Webster and a8 & young man moved to Nebraska
where he practised gene law and at one
time edited and published a newspaper. On
his return Fast he took up the practice of pen-
sion law particularly combining with this
the office of Justice of the Peace and probate
court business, In his profession he was much
respected. He was 8 widower and leaves
no children. He lived on Chandler street with
his brother, a business man of this city. An-
other brother lives in Malden, still another is
a lawyer in Tho ‘on 4, and there is a
brother living in ebraska.

OORONER'S WIFE INJURED.

Jacob Bausch Falls on an Excursion
Boat, Breaking Her Leg.

Mrs, Jacob E. Bausch, the wife of Coroner
Bausoh, was taken to the Hudson street hospi-
tal from the exoursion boat John Sylvester last
night suffering from a broken leg. Mrs. Bausch
had been to Midland Beach, Staten Island.
When she was feturging on Gyivester or
foot slipped on the and she fell ,

 

Mrs.

doubling beneath her. She suff groatly
from pain during me remainder of the trip.
When the boat arrived at the Bat an ambu
lance was call m the hospital.

FIRST STRIKE SETTLEMENT.

Cigarmakers of the Hilson Company te Re-
turn to Work To-morrow.

The first actual settlement in the cigar-
makers’ strike which has been in progress for
nearly twenty-five weeks was made yesterday,
when an agreement was reached betwean the
Hilson Company and their employees. By this
agreement the union will be recognized and the
strikers will receive 25 per cent. increase in
wages. Th» strikers, 250 \n number, will return
to work to-morrow. A remarkable feature of
these cigarmakers’ strikes, in which altogether
about 5,000 persons have been involved, many
of them: on-union workers, was the amount of
money paid in strike benefits. The figure is put
86 £180,000 Most of it was given by the local
and international unious of cigarmakers, The
rest was given by outside unions and by the
American Federation of Labor

Unwelcome Questions to Labor Unions.

The Industrial Commission, to a member of
which information en labor matters was re-
fused by the Central Federated Union last Sun-
day, has sent circulars to the various labor
unions in New York containing the questions
whioh the Central Federated Union refused to
answer. The questions have reference to local
unions and national unions. Most of the unions
object to answering them

Labor Politicians to Convene,

The Workingmen's State Federation has ts-

sveda call for ita annual convention, to take
place in Utica on Tuesday, Sept. 11

Convention in Odell'’s District.

Newsurog, Aug. 25.—The Republicans of the
First Asxembly district of Orange county this
afternoon nominated John Orr of Cornwall for
member of Assembly. Benjamin B. Odell, Jr.,
J.D. Wilson, W. G. Taggart, J. M. Dickey, Col.
Thomas W. Bradley, Senator Louls F. Goodsell,
Charies T. Knight and Emmet Helms were
chosen delegates to the State Convention. No
resolutions touching the candidacy of Mr. Odell
for Governor were offered, but resolutions
heartily approving President McKinley's and
Gov. Roosevelt's administrations were adopted.

Movements of Naval Vessels.

WasuHrInoton, Aug. 25.—The practice ship
Newport has arrived at Annapolis, and the

training ehip Lancaster at Gravesend. The
batleship A abama left New York to-day for
cape Ann, where her official will take
piace.

Dead on His Wire's Greve.

John Cook, an aged gardener, of Irvington,
N. J., was found dead upon his wife's grave at
noon yesterday in Clinton Cemetery at that
place. At his side was a bottie which had oon-
tained carbolic acid. Cook had been extremely
despondent since the death of his wife last
year.

 

Hanged Himself in the Bathroom.

Charles N. Weigand, an electrotyper, 47 years
old, committed svicide yesterday hanging
himself in the bathroom of his home, I y
street, Brooklyn.

OBITUARY.

The sev. Dr. Daniel McLaren Quackenbush,
for fifty-elght years a minister of the Gospel,
and for thirty-nine years pastor of the Prospect
Hill Reformed Church in East Eighty-fifth
street, died at his home at 3 Fast Ninety-fourth
street on Friday afternoon after an illness of
one week. Dr. Quackenbush was born on
Chatham street, this city, on March 9, 1619,
He entered Columbia College in 18384 and was
gredvated in 1838. A year later he entered the

heological Seminary at New Brunswick, N. J.
and was ordained in 1842. He accepted a cal
to he Hebron Reformed Church {n Hebron,

N. Y¥., and subsecuently officiated pastor
ip Nabanoch, Fishkill Landing and in Hhagts
N.Y. He gave up his peatorate in F nil
Landing to go to the Chapel of the

He
Brooklyn, where he was associa with he
Rev r. George W. Eobune. n 1861 Dr.
Quackenbush started a chapel called the
pect Hill Reformed Church on avenue

tween Eighty-seventh and ty-eighth
streets. In 1888 ag, cpnereges uu
the Church of the Redeemet_on ielehty-1 t
reet, but later it removed to Park avenue an
ighty-ninth street. K Quackenbush co:
tinued to preach until five xpare ago. he
to iss §=Adrianna

was in 1842
Suydam, who died during his

Napanoch in 1850. Two sons, |
Abraham C. Quackenbush, and th
children survive him.

Mathew Fohey, foreman of Engine 118 in
Pomere street, \illiamabure, died Suddent on
riday night after his return froma fire.
disease was the cause of his death. © was 55
ears old, and lived 4 197 Forty-second stree
uth Brooklyn. y had a member o
the fire department for more than twenty years.

The New Things

From Paris.

A few more steamers will toss across
the Atlantic before the new things are
all here—and then you may pick as wisely
as if you had tossed across it.

Yet the new things are not all new.
There are rare old Antiques them,
pleces that you'd gladly go to the con-
tinent for—and there pay more dearly
than you shall be asked to pay here.

Schmitt Brothers,

oe {Were oe

 
  
 
 
    
 

 
  
 
 
 
  

SHEEHAN’S FIGHT IN ERIE,

MACK-CROKER FORCES FEAR DEFEAT
IN THE CAUCUSES.

Bilis Old Lieuten Replies te Buffaie Or-
ganieation—Denounces Men Who Seek to
Destroy the Ex-Senator and Charges That
They Are Not Sincerely for Mackey.

Burrawo, Aug. 25.—Former Lieut.-Gov,
William F. Sheehan of New York, who has
been here for a week in the interest of David
B. Hill'and the anti-Tammany forces, made
& statement to-night in reply tothe charges
of National Committeeman Norman E, Mack,
leader of the present Democratio organization
of Erie county, and Senator William F. Mackey,
@ candidate for Governor, Mack had de
clared that Sheehan's work in Buffalo was
for Ooler, and Mackey aftermuch urging
on the part of the organization came out with
a declaration that Sheehan was working against
him. Sheehan, who declined to talk until
to-night, has worked like a beaver, and the
organization is in dread that he will win all
along the Une in Tuesday's caucuses, He
and his lieutenants have called attention to
the fact that Mack has allied himself with
Croker, and as Erie county is naturally a Hill
county sentiment has swung toward Sheehan.
The statement of Mr. Sheehan follows:

“My sole object in coming to Buffalo ts to
benefit the Democratio party. 1 am here, not
because 1 wanted to come, but because many
life-long Democrats interested in party suc
cess were of the opinion that 1 should come
and assist in bringing about much needed
improvement in local party management, It
ialvery evident that the Democrats of Erie county
have no faith or confidence in the few men
who are at present controlling the organization
of the party. If my presence has contributed
in any way to direct the attention of the great
body of Democrats to the weakness and in-
competency of these so-called leaders, my
mission will be entirely successful, because,
once aroused, the party will see to it that honest,
reputable and capable men are placed in charge
of party management.

“The charge has been made against me that
I am not supporting Mr. Bryan's candidacy,
and my position of four years ago is cited in
proof of this charge. Everybody knows that
I did not approve of certain acts of the Chicago
Convention of 1896. I did not conceal my
views, nor did I hesitate to resign from
the National Committee in order that a man
loyal to Mr. Bryan and his cause might take
my place. My course tn politics has always been
open and direct, and my friends here to-day
proudly point to a time when local Democratio
leadership stood for something more than in-
competency and dishonor. It is well known
that | am going to support the nominees of the
Kansas City Convention,

“While [ have no desire to again become
active in political affairs I feel that what-
ever little influence I possess should be wielded
at this time in favor of a higher standard of
Democratic leadership, a leadership that should
be broad enough to encourage honest and
outspoken expression of individual thought.
When the leadership of our party ts raised
to a higher standard of intelligence and char-
acter thousands of discouraged Democrats
will once again become active in party affairs.

“The present agitation may well be traced
back to the Kansas City Convention. At that
convention the brainiest Democrat in the Btate,
the man who never lost a battle when he was
responsible for a campaign, was humiliated
and degraded through a combination of Tam-
many Halil and Mr. Mack. But this was not
all. After the adjournment of the conven-
tion a determined effort was decided upon to
drive, if possible, out of Democratic politics
this diatinguished leader, and to-day through-
out the State we are witnessing a spectacle
between organized foree upon the one hand
and broad intelligent leadership upon the
other. I submit it is no erime for Democrats
to join in protestation against driving out
of the party a man capable of framing issues
and stout-hearted enough to denounce the ten-
dencies of men to use the party for other than
legitimate party purposes.

“It is a notorious fact that the combination
now arrayed with Tammany Hall forced the
nomination two years ago of Judge Van Wyck
for Governor against the advice and judgment
of Senator Hil) and the conservative Democrats
of the State, Our party was entitled to carry
the State in 1808, with the iseues then involved,

by at least 50,00 majority, and we should have
done so had the counsel of Senator Hill been

. Mad we been successful in 1898, the
whole current of national politics would have
been changed and New York would now be a
Democratic instead of a Republican State,
The best way to help the cause of Democracy
is to prevent a repetition of the blunder of 1898
in the coming convention,

“Lhave no quarrel withany Democratio leader
or so-called boss, but I venture to suggest that
the further offensive bossism {s buried in the
next State Convention the better {t will be for
Democratic prospects. If the Democrats of
this State are wise enough to retain within their
own hands the power of nominating a State
ticket we will attract that large body of inde-
pendent voters always neceseary to Demo-
cratic success,

There is no doubt in my mind that the gen-
eral sentiment of this county is in favor of
the nomination of Senator Mackey for Gov-
ernor. Every friend of mine with whom I
have talked has been outapoken and eanthu-
slastio in his support. Shey have repeatedly
stated that the delegates from this county
should not only be instructed to vote for
Mr. Mackey'’s nomination, but should tn good
faith use every legitimate effort to bring
about his nomination. With this end in view
the so-called leaders of oe piyetnt local organ-
ization have been informed that, in the inter-
eat of Senator Mackey and the cause of De-
mocracy, an old-time, representative dele-

ation should be sent by the party to Saratoga,

e more thoroughly representative the better.
The refusal of Mr. Mackey and his organiza-
tion associates to accept this proposition is
the best proof that they are not sincerely de-
sirous of Senator Mackey's success, but are
more anxious to deliver the delegation into
the hands of Tammany Hall, thus paying in

sart the price of Mr. Mack's selection oa Nae
onal Committeeman.

“Additional proof of the truth of the state-
ment is the notorious fact that at the Sara-
toga meeting of the State Committee Mr. Mack
not hesitate to declare that the best he
hoped to secure was Senator Mackey's nomina-
tion for Lieutenant-Governor. he friends
with whom I have talked here are for Senator
Mackey in good faith for Governor, and they
will not weaken his candidacy for the first place
by admitting at any time that he is willing to
take the seoond place

“Outaide of the question as to who shall he
jhe part ‘a candidate for Governor, there will
ni tably be a contest in the next State Con-

 

  

vention between the friends of Benator Alll and
the supporters of Tammany Hall. Should this
contest come, the delegates from this county
if they give enptession to popular oninio will
be arraved with the rural counties of the tote
under the leadership of Senator Alll, for in ¢
way, and in this way only, can Democratic euc-
cess in this State be made possible.
“Many foolish and ridiculous statemen
uf-

have n made touching my presence in
falo at this time. No matter what the result of
controversy may be, it is not within the

range of hurpan possibilities that | can person-
ally be benefited. My retirement from politics
is permanent, but I would be false to t y
that has done meso much honor if I re! at
any time to take my stand on the right aide of

question involv the fopeneration of the
Pemocratic party. y chief desire is that the

mocratic sentiment of this county be not be-
trayed: that representatives, self-asserting and
ra thinking, be chosen as delegates, for in tl
way a ticket can be named that will comman
the loyal support of all Democrats,

“In thus frankly stating my posttion,
the reason for my. active Presence at my o
bome, I merely wish to add that, personally,
I har be resentments because of cone
test, and will cheerfully abide by any decision
the party in ite w om may mane”

ROCHESTER DIDN'T HEAR GRADY.

Became Too Ill to Make a Speech Soom After
He Got There.

RocurstEen, Aug. 25.—Strenuous efforts are
being made by Croker men in Monroe county
to get hold of the local Democratic machine,
It was announced a couple of days ago that
Senator Thomas F. Grady of New York would
be one of the speakers at a big Democratic
mass meeting in Fitrhugh Hall last night.
When the meeting began it was at once notice-
able that the Hill men were congficuous by

their absence. Senator Urady arrived on the
Emptre State Express, He was taken ill after
pe et here, and his physician refused to allow
to address the meeting, He took a late
train for New York. While in the city he met
ex-State Committeeman as

John D, Lynn and
County Commi nen.

 

The

Goer

Orn. Oe A OE, Te
ae ve ee A - Sah by

PIANOLA

An instrument by means of which any one can
play the piano.

Expression regulated by player allowing indi
viduality in the rendition. Significant endorsements

Planola

tn ase with Grand Piano,

HE control which the player exercises over expression removes the Pianola
from the ranks of purely mechanical instruments.

It is the keystone of its success.

The artistic effects thus obtainable make the Pianola enjoyable to those of

critical musical tastes,

Overtures, symphonies, operas, rag-time; sacred and dance music are available
atany time, It also plays accompaniments for the voice, violin, and ’cello.
In the summer home away from musical entertainment the Pianola ts especially

popular.

There is no risk or experiment attached to the purchase of a Pianola.

It ts the

only piano player endorsed by Paderewski, Sauer, Rosenthal, De Pachmann, and

PRICE $250.

Can be bought by instalments if desired
TY unable to call send for literature giving more detatled description,

The Aeolian Company,

Moazkowski.

18 W. 23d St., N. Y.

NO LOOSE ESTATES IN HOLLAND,

 

Warns Persons Having Great
FPxpectations.

WASHINGTON, Aug. 25.--In view of the many
inquiries made of the Department of State and
of the legation of the United States at The
Hague by persons living in the United States
in regard to unclaimed estates in Holland, the
Department of State has issued the following
statement as caution against the frauds at-
tempted to be practised uponthe credulity of
alleged heirs to mythical estates;

“It ia stated by the Netherlands Government
moet positively that there is no Metzger, Graff,
Aneke Jans, Dubois, Webber, Kern, Potter,
Kronk, Van Dusen, Brandt, Bogardus, Brosius,
Brower, Fisher, Gobiet, Snyder, Westfall, Leit-
ner, Stineman nor Daniel estate (nor any estate
of anv name) in the keeping of the Government,
and that there are no funds in its care
awaiting distributfton. Moreover, there being
no ¢ in the Nethbe 3s for the
recor of wills at which investigations
mnight be instituted, it devolves upon any
person having any ciaim to an estate in that
country to state where the testator died. the
year of his decease, and, if po sible, the notary
b whose charge his will was left, and even then
it should be borne in mind, the legislation o
the Netherlands oprectually and without appeal
disposes ofalicialms, even if inherentiy just
and founded on an actual and known heritage,
which wer e not presented and proven prior to
1852."

Government

ONLY LOW MASS FOR THEIR KING,

Louisville Italians Complain of Vicar-General
Bouchet.

Wasutwoton, Aug. 26.—A protest has been
forwarded to Archbishop Martinelli, the Papal
Delegate, by Italians of Louirville, Ky , against

Vicar-General Bouchet of that diocese, who
recently declined to conduct a solemn mortuary
service in memory of King Humbert. He con-
sented to offer a low mass, it is said, but declined
to conduct any higher eervice.

 

New Director of the “Nautical Almanac."

Wasuinaton, Aug. 25.—Prof. H. T. Todd,
United States Navy, director of the “Nautical
Almanac,” having reached the age limit, re-
tired to-day from active scientific work at the
Naval Observatory. His place wil) be taken by
Prof. W. 8, Brown, the assistant astrovomical
director of the observatory. Prof. Todd was

raduated aj the Naval Academy in 1857
ie took part in the attack on the [aku forts
in the following year, participated tn the cap-
ture of the slaveship Erie and served through
the Civil War. In 1877 he was appointed pro-
fessor of mathematics and since 1886 has been
on duty tn the Nautical Almanac offloe, be-

coming director on the retirement of Prof.
Simon Newcomb,
Army and Navy Orders.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 25 —These naval orders
were tesued to-day:
Commander W. P. Heehler, upon reporting mi)!-

tary attaché will discontinue duty as acting mill-
tary attaché and tinue other duty,

Vieut J Moc. Luby, to Naval Academy.

Lieut. J, Hood, detached Massachusetts, Sept 22,
to Naval Academy Sept. 24

Naval Cadets S. W. Bryant and W. S Caw, from
the New York to the Yan ie,
' Maval Cadet C. ©. Bloch, from the Wheeling to

the Philadelphia immstioisly. 2 vs ann &
. Brown, uty as

Professor Mathematics S.
rector ‘‘Nawtica| Almanac,”

Chief Carpenter A. |. O, Burroughs from Naval
Academy to Norfolk Yard.

Reina Mercedes on the Way to Portsmouth.

WASHINOTON, Aug. 25.--The former Spantsh
crulser Heina Meroedes left Norfolk to-day for
Portamouth, N. H., in tow of the tugs Potomac
and Nesinsocot. She will be retained at Ports-
m uth permanently, prodably as a reoeivin
ship. he Reina Mercedes fas sunk by the
Spealarce in Santiage harbor for the purpose
of preventing Sampson's vessels from entertng.
The wreck did not obstruct the ohannel, how-
ever.

White Squadron's September Programme.

WaASHINOTON, Aug. 25.—The North Atlantic
equadron will leave Jamestown, R. 1, on Sept.
1 for Bar Harbor, where it will be from Bept. 10

to 18. From Sept. 14 to 19 it will be at Porte
mouth, ¥. H.,, to honor the presentation of a
memor tablet to the Kearsarge, and it will
be at Newport from Bept. 20 to Oct. 1

Tt effectwal

conmstipn
"TA Sedon ole oe

relieves

end eliminates w

TARRANT @ CO.,

ix

 

 

 

Se
pees ese srstsnssncstesntentnseensienomese

500 Fulton St., Brooklyn,

 

FROST FOR BRYAN IN OMAHA

NO CROWDS THRONGED TO HEAR HIM
AND ADLAI WAS ABSENT.

 

 

Bryan Had to Speak Twice, Once for Himself
and Once for Mr. Stevenson, Who Dida't
Come but Who Was Expected=—The Rail.
roads Carried Only a Few Excursionists

Omana, Neb., Aug. 25.—Nebraska Fusion
leaders received a setback to-day that was
rather startling for Bryan's home Stata For
weeks the Fusion newspapers have been herald:
ing the opening of the national campaign in
Nebraska by Bryan and Stevenson at Omaha
on Aug. 25. Special rates had been arranged
on all lines and it was estimated that 60,000 peo
ple would appear at the park and hear the
speeches. The weather was fine, but there
were striking evidences of a general frost
First, dhe disapproval of the exercises
by union labor organizations because the
Bryan committee had employed non-union
workmen on the park grounds kept many
away. Then the expected crowd from around
the State failed to arrive at 2 o'clock. Both
Stevenson and Bryan were to begin speaking
then, but neither arrived. The small crowd
Present waited until 4:30, when Bryan arrived
and made a short talk on imperialism, Steven-
son, it was announced, would come to-night.
His managers said he would surely turn up, but
at 9 o'clock Bryan began speaking to fill Steven-
son's engagement, and the Democratic leaders
running matters were not in evidence.

It was sald that the clubs in several adjacent
téowns which had anticipated coming had been
disappointed in securing expected rallway
facilities. Possibly one hundred prominent
Democrats from as far away as Platte, Cuming
and Hall counties were here, but they came
singly and not @ delegation of any appreciable
dimensions had arrived except one of about
fifty from Lincoln

OMAHA, Neb., Aug. 25.—Webster Davis ar-
arived from Kausas Ciy on an early morning
train and was met at the station by a committee
and escorted to the Paxton, where most of the
visiting Democrats, many local leaders of the
party, and a few Republicans called to make
8 acquaintance. It had been reported that
he was not coming, but he was the first to show
up. Gov. Poynter came over with the Lincoln
delegation, as did Theodore Greiss of Clay
county and Capt. Beck, candidajes reapect-
ively for State Auditor and Superintendent
of Public LIustruction A. kdgerton, Sece
retary of the Populist National Committee,
came along and with him came J. R. Sovereign,
former Grand Master Workman of the Knighta
of Labor, who is connected with the Populist
national headquarters at Lincoln. Lee Herd-
man, James (, Dahiman, Erie Johnson of Waho,
Charley flubner of the Nebcaska City News,
im Ashford of Homer, T, M. Frans of Weat-
point, B.Herreman of the Lincoln Freie Preaec,
Secretary W. M. Cain of the Dernocratic State
Committee, Wo H. Thompson of Grand Isiand
and a few others of possibly equal prominence
were on hand early

J.R. Sovereign seems to have got lost tn the
shuffle, for when he reached South Omaha
he ts reported to have left the train thinkin
that he had reached his destination, and {
wae some time before he was recovered and
assigned to hia place in the bunch, At the
supper hour no one seemed to know Just when
Adiai Stevenson was to arrive or whether
he was to arrive at all. It appeared that he
had notified the committee several weeks
ago that he would be here, but that nothing
had been heard from him since. A telegram
sent him on Friday had brought no response.

At@ o'clock littie hope was entertained that

e would come at all, and the cominittee deemed
t strange that it could get no tidings from

im. The delegation that came down from
Linooln brought. word that Brvan had just
arrtved at home from Beatrioe as they left’ the
ott) and that he would not leave home for O
until after 1 P. M. Benator Allen had been
reckoned upon as one of the speakers, but
at 3 o'clock he had not arrived and no one
knew whether or not he was coming

A party of about a dozen enjoyed luncheon
wi Webster Davis at hotel, inoluding
James C. Callahan, W. H. Thompson, Edgar
Howard, G. M. Hitohcock, W. 0. Gilbert, Secre-
tary Cain of the State Committee, J, R, Bover-
eign, Gov. Poynter, Tom Ashford and Judge
A. J. Cornish of Lincoln, Senator Allen was
booked as a member of the dinner party, but
did not arrive,

The evening's programme was rather unoer-
tain, owing to the oelay of the arrival of some
of =e @ ted distinguished gucsts and aprak
ere, but it was underst that Wabster Davis
would speak along wi . R. Sovereign and

tor alien. should latter arrive. Pier
to 8 » which was booked for 2 P. M.
there was a band ooncert, ani after ita
a contests, but failet to be

off. o affair was a distinct failure

WONT TAKE BRYAN PARAPHERNALIA,

Kansas Farmers Too Presperous to Purchase
Demeocratio Campaign Outats.
Toren, Kan., Aug. 25.--Merchants through-
out Kansas, who stocked up heavily with Bryan
hats, cape and campaign buttons, are oam-
Plaining because the people do not buy these
‘oods In 1806 all classes of dealers offered
t wares, and the farmers, their wives, sons
gad daughters wore them badges of honor,
he farmer explain that t
now and do not want to tak

erat biat th ethane ea
Of stock of Brean hate on thetr' pervect