'  @ERAMICS IN PARES.

 

DIS
POTTERIES AND PORCELAINS J
PLAYED AT THE EXPOSITION.

 

Che Collections Never Equalled~Work of the
National Porcetain Factory at Sevres—The
New Product in Hard Porcelain the Per-
fection of Skill and Sctence-A carious
@erman Pottery—The Exhibits From /4-
Mogee—Private Potteries and Artist Pot.
tere—The Union des Arts Decoratifa— For
eign Potteries — The Japanese Exbibit—
What Holland Shows-—Our Own Display.
Panis, Aux. 10.—The present Exposition at

Paris 1s a eort of cosmos whose immensity ts

only tardily grasped after many visite It con-

tains at least twice as mach material of beauty
and interest as any of the great fairs that
have preceded it, and no one can say defi-
nitely that he has seen ull that there is to
be seen in any one branch. The {mmen-
sity of the colleotions {llustrating every side
of art aud industry has had @ disintegrat-
ing effect, and objects which it is a duty to
gee crop up inthe most unexpected and re-
mote conjunctions. The victures are the
easiest. They are in a single building and
(though the arrangement of the rooms is @
labyrinth) one gets to the end and that is all—
except the Aritish) and the German pavilions
anda few similar things which are imperative
but suMctently obvious, The sculpture is
frankly soattered to the four winds of heaven,
and yet the bulk of it, exoept the decorative
soulpture on the buildings, is in the Palace

of the Fine Arta. It is when we «o

beyond this into the revim of so-called

{industrial art that the confusion becomes

serious. There is no building or section where

ageneral oversicht of the advance of the past
eleven years may be had, and this is a serious
lack, for the artistio lesson of the exhibition Is,
more than anything else, the steady diminish-
{ng of the line between the industrial and the
fine arts, the placing of the art-artisan on the
game intellectual and soctal level as the man
who painta pictures for the Salon, The most
eatisfactory display of the whole show for one
interested in the advance of art feeling is prob-
ably that of porcelain and cerimics generally.
Pure painting in the offictal sense does no more
than hold ita own, and furniture, decoration,
silverware and jewelry seem to halt between
ekilful reproduction of eighteenth century
work and the eccentricities of a new style
which is not yet formed and which fs as yeta

} promise rather than a performance French

4 ceramica on the contrary are, from the artistio

f standpoint, in a very healthy cor lition and the

; work produced can bear comparison with the

best of any time in the past. It has not all been

done since the last exhibition, There has been

' @ continuous effort for years, and some of the

‘ men whose exhibita are most admirable to-day

2 showed samples of work fn no way inferior at

least as longa ago as 1878, but those were then

feolated instances and this year's display has
never been equalled for magnitude and variety,

Asin all the other sections, so in that of por-
celain there is @ little retrospective exhibit of
what has been done in the nineteenth century

It has ouly been put in place within afew

weeks, and though in no way complete con-

tains a number of Interesting and rare pieces.
an Any one who supplements it bya visit to the

B Bevres Museum can get a pretty clear view

; of the development of the industry; for here, as

for everything else in Franve, the State tnstitu-

tion has to be taken as the point of departure
for criticism. It is pot that the ‘Manufacture

Nationale de Porcelaine de Sévres"' is faultless,

On the contrary {t receives in the magazines

devoted to the higher critici<m at proper inter-

vals solemn admonition and merited abuse, the
more flippant press contenting itself with an
occasional paragraph of praise or blame, ace
cosding as the paper expressing the sentiment
happens to be for or against the Government.
The manufactory is said to be expensive,
bureaucratic, hidebound in its prejudices, un-
responeive to outside criticl«m, responsible for
many inartistio works, while mony important
achievements had taken plac» outside its sacred
pale and without its aid. Some of this
ia true. The institution costa a good deal of
money and few would try to justify now the re-
production on siabs of porcelain of oil palnt-
ings to which an enormots amount of skill
and care wa: devoted fifty yearsago, It is also
true that it has not monorolized all the talent
of Franoe, but when all res rvations are made

{it remains a monument unique tnitskind, Be-

hind it vaguely is the whole force of French

soieno®, taste and tradition. Is aim is to pro-
duce the most perfect work unmoved by con-
siderations of time, cost or the pleasing of pur-
chasers. It niakestie most difoult and thor-

| ough experiments, and the results, which in an
| ordinary manufacory would be jealously
2| @uarded as the most valuable assets, it practi-

cally gives to the world.
' The accusation that tis too firmly held
fn the bonds of tradition seems so inexact
| as to be amusing to any one who
recalls the display at the two preceding

Expositions in 1878 and 1889. No private insti-

tution couldever show such rapid changes in

spiritand technique In 1878 the director was

Carrier-Belleuse, a sculptor of more than ord-

nary ability, continuing the traditions of the

Clodions and Adams of the eighteenth century,

a draughteman of a peculiar charm in thesime

atyle, a fine judge of decorative form, a man of

the world besides. and, in fact, abouteverything
except apotter, It was hie feeling for grace-
ful form which gave the keynote of the
display. There were slender statuettes in bis-
cult and {n glage, single, in groune or sustain-

{ng vases, or else the same slim maidens in

Classical costurnes, orlack of it, encircled am-

phore in bas-relief or were painted around in

friezes. By 1889 there had been a change, and
while aomething naturally remained over from
the previous régime, the striking part of the
show war dus to the new director, Deck, who

‘was, in nearly every respect, the exact contrary

of his predecessor He was a potter before all

else. He had been bronght up to the craft as a

boy and all of the problems of the craft—glazes,

pistes, colors and their eombtnations—pre-

@ccupied him. He was continually trying to

discover the secrets of the old potters, and

while he was not without science he had besides
that unscientific em: tric knowledge which comes
from long familiirty with one’s materials

He made hia experimentstn coramics somewhat

as Fdison made his in electricity, by a sort of

instinct rather than reason, and he had “the

' hand fortunate "' He reproduced the blue of

Persian tiles, he imitated the Rhodian p'ates,
he found how to introduce gold leaf under
the glaze, he copied the thick celido” glazes
of China and Japan It was these achieve-
Ments that wo. him his positio: os director
and he displaved them liberally in 1889

G There were “sang de beenf’ glaz-s and

id Celadons unctnously enwravping vases as big as

4 hogsheids. There was Persian blue and trans-
| Parent rose, thers was even « pair of plates,

i | One of them genuine old Chinese eggshell porce-

A

¥

i

——

Decwinen

rr
— es a

ne
=

Se ee ee

~s:

 

lain with “fasnill’ rose” decoration, and the
; othera copy so perfect that the exerts were
| baffled. And yet, In. pite of these marve's. the
¥ cr.tics were less satisfied thinever The things
| which tnev wonld bave praised in Deck's little
shop along:id» the Opera seemedéo lack the dig-
Nity, the pol-e, the tmpersonailty which should
belong to theoutput of « pub'te institution:
@tleast tha seems to be the natural conclusion
from the manner in which S@vres has developed
for the last half doven » ears under Sandier
The problem was diMcult. Private manu-
factories and eventhe royal and imperial ea-
tablishments of Rerlin, Dresden and St. Peters-
burg can and do copy old Stvres and feel pride
fn approac’ Ing the perfection of their models
Bevres itself could reproduce them perfectly If
{t would, but its p sition permits no step back-
ward. Unless it can advance there isno rea-
éon for its existence. The special progress
: : this year has ben neither in the line of
fovel f rma nor curious glazes The
{ . old white porcelain, so lone a stand-
ard oof) perfection, has been taken in
Z
;
i

ie ie ee,
SR rine
—————

; hand to see if further improvement were pos-
sible and the resul’ fills the casesin the building

t on the Esplanade den Invalides, The new prod-
t : wot ts a hard porcelain decorated on the glaz

m) «(CF nd fused at the greatest heat of the kin. It is

‘ exhibited for the most part in the simplest

Sorms of ¥a: es or bowls, with seldom a mould-

 
 

ing or handle to break the smooth surface,
moetly of small or moderate size, The decora-
tion is equally simple, consisting of geometrical
forma, orabesques and flowers treated in a
style which reculls both Japan and South Ken-
sington-—the petals and leaves reduced to their
simplest forma, defined by a firm outline and
colored in flat tones. It ts this coloring which
isthe most striking advance. Previously, for
decoration, “grand feu" porcelain was con-
fined pretty strictly to different shades of blue
and reddish brown, all other colors volatilizing
in the great heat; but Sévrea shows pinks,
mauves, yellows and oranges of the greatest
purity and so tnexs, The decoration is applied
with moderation and a delicate proportion ob-
served between the decorated and plain por-
tions of each piecs. It is curious to note that
with theonly school of porcelain painters in the
world who are thoroughly masters of the human
figure at their comnmand, the administration
has not once introduesd it into the adornment
of avase, Theresult of the display as a whole
is very beautiful, very delicate and a little mo-
notonous: but that is of amall importance, the
object being to show the new glaze, the merit of
which is undoubted

At the aime time, with this glaze a new

foundation, or “pate,” had to be produced
to which {it ceuld be applied, which would
support with it the “grand feu." In the
d corated pieces this ground is of course
covered, but it appears triumphantly in the
unglazed “biacuit;"’ and whatever may be said
of its other producta, in the specimens of biscuit
exhibited this year Sévres triumphs as cor-
pletely as the most fervent admirers could wish
It is not that her products are better than
others; it is that compared with them there are
no other “bisouits’’ worthy of the attention of
anamateur, The material is, humanly speak-
ing, perfect, harder than the old, brilliantly
white, with a fine softness of grain which gives
a wonderful crispness of mudeliing. Not only
have the best of the statues produced by the
unrivalled French school of sculpture been re-
dueed for re: roduction, but apecial figures have
been made by men of the hichest rank. There
are among others t!ree charming reated
figures by Deloye, a Madame de Pompadour,
recalling the foundation of the manufactory, a
Catherine IL. probably intended to atrengthen
the Russian alliance, and a statue of the repub-
lic, but such a sweet, girlish republic that one
would think that sh* would make the National-
ists and the other maleontents ashamed of
themselves. There are, besides, three “surtoute
d*table,"’ one by Chere , quite in the old tradi-
tiens, with dimpled cupids and nymphs pulling
around baskets of fruits, the other two entirely
novel, Th» first by Fremiet is an enormous
affair of many pieces representing the classical
ge ds and goddesses, but representing them
with the reality and savagery that run through
his whole work. There is a Hercules In the
centre who seems nearly related to the cave
dwellers, and anarcha'c Pallas advancesina
three-horse chariot to mect a farouche Arte=
mis, also drawn inacar by three reindeer, and
aroundand beyond lesser divinitias fill up an
extent of table not likely to be seen except tn
some state palace. The other ‘‘surtout’’ is
composed of a sertes of figures of young
girls in a simple modern costume with full
sleeves and flowing skirta, who play musical
instruments, dance or wave scarfs. At each
end of the table and in the middle one of the
figures is set upon a plain square plinth making
a centre around which the others are grouped,
these latter having Do base, but being set di-
rectly on the table, the spreading ekirts giving
asolideupport. The whole effect is novel and
charming.

These are the successes, There is a good
deal besides, but it i# not on the same level.
There are sang de bauf and celadon glazes,
but they are no advance on th® past, nor sre
they equal to what some of the independent
potters prodioce. There are also pale yellows
and grays and one particular novelty where the
glaze breaks out in specks or masses of feathery
spots like the frost work on a window pane, an
invention which is also shown by German and
Danish potters, which on reflection appears
decidedly more curious than beautiful. Sévres
has also begun within the past half dozen years
to manufacture “grés,"’ or stoneware, and shows
some excellent small pieces, vases and figures
of animals, turtles and wolves; but the develop
ment of grés as an artistic medium has taken
place entirely outside of the State manufactory,
and the large, built-up monumental pieces
displayed, a fountsin, a huge mantelpiece
and the like, are not pleasing in color
and are heavy and inelegant in design —
much inferior to other work to be described
later. There is also shown with the Sévres ex-
hibit the “pate de verre” of Henry Gros, and
he must consequently be mentioned here, but
there is no organic connection. He happens to
have been offered hospitality, but his work is
untouched by official influence, and his place is
clearly with the list of artist potters, though
even they are more indebted to Sévres than he.
He works in asubstance of his own invention
which no one else has attempted to handle
which he calle gloss paste, which looks like
the refu-e from a glass furnace, or more yet
like a coarse-grained, quariziike marble. He
works his colors into the paste itself, pale blues
and reds and grays, and for a long time pro-
duced only fragmenta, such as a classical head
or part of a torso in low relief on an irregularly
shaped slab, the sort of spoll that might come
from the excavation of a Roman villa, muti-
lated, faded, but in its indefiniteness suggestive
ofa mysterious beauty. The fragments, with-
out losing their indefiniteness, nor their grace,
have become more important and more com-
plete with the years. There ts a fountain in the
Luxembourg Muceum, and at the exhibition
there are displayed, besides a vase and some
fragmentary slabs, a composition six or eight
feet long, a History of Fire, complete and con-
taining many figures. Itis a little dificult to
know where it could be put, but if it were put
in a suitable place it would be very beautiful.

After the extensive exhibitof the national
manufactory displayed in all its official ease
through a series of rooms, the counters and
showcases of the great industrial firma even

like those of Limoges seem small and cramped,
They hold well the position they have already
gained. The old patterns are varied enough to
be new and not enough to b>» novel. There are
even some fairly suce ssful incursions into |
the “Art Nouveau:’’ but the artistic interest |
centres ona group of artist potters who hive ,
their own kilns, work with their own hands
and have for anywhere from ten to thirty
years been developing their art according to
their personal temperament and skill exactly as
a painter or sculptor might do. Their displays
vary in size from a cabinet to a small room and
a number of the most interesting ones follow
each other ina row along one side of the ground
floor of the building on the west side of the Es-
planade des Invalides, and while the accidents
of space allotment have removed other- who
should bein the group to remote sections, yet
the general display is fairly complete, and one
of the most interesting spots in the Exposition
for the unhurried visitor with receptive mind,
It is to the credit of Sévres and <hows the
utility and purpose of such a State institution
that many of the men have got their training
there or worked within its walls us deo rators
or modellers ‘This is so, f-r example, of Taxtle
Doat, with a couple of cases of whose work the
row begins who has signed some o! the
most beautiful porcelains of modern times,
For twenty years there have appeared at salons
and expositions little displaya of ‘‘pAte-sur-
pite’ by him, plaques or vases with a dark
ground, usually blue, and painted on it in white |
Paste masques, garlands, satyre, nymphs and
the whole fanciful bric-a-brao of classical
gallantry, delicate in drawing, charming fn in-
vention. He seems the last one left thoroughly
master of the art. There is nothing to be essen
this vear by Fromont, who at one time rivalled
tim, nor by Solon, who worked in England
for the Worcester manufactory and was
skilful to the last degree, but of a somewhat |
bourgeois taste. Doat shows “pit»sur-pfte’’
in no wayioferior to his former work, but he
has also been sized by the current passion for |
experimentivg with new glazes and haa “‘porce- |
laine flammie’ of different types and qualities,
splendid in color and texture, but suffering
from proximity to the next case, where
Chaplet, the veteran experimenter in such
matters, shows a wonderful collection of whe 4

, Re

happy accidents which make the beauty of such
glavex. ils base of porcelain is very thick,
often half an inch or more, and over bowls and
jJare of it flow glazes of all delicate shades,
sang de boul specked with green, mottled
turquotse, thick creamy whites turning to gray
or rose, or otherand indescribable tints. But
his masterpl>ce is not here, but in the rooms of
the Union des Arta Deooratifa, on the other side
of the Faplanade, where there is a statuette,
perhaps afootanda half high, cevered witha
pure white glaz*> whose surface isdelicate'y cur-
died like theakinofanorange. The piece is flaw-
less and in absolute perfection of tone and text-
ure would be diMoult tosurpace, even in the cab-
{nets where the amateura keep ther beat old
Chinese whites

Next to  Chaplet's collection comes
Lachenal with his porcelains of original
shape ‘with decorations of birds and flowers,
and aftr him the firm of Deck, still faithful to
the novelties originated by the master, which
novelties seem less novel and perhaps a little
morerawin color than they did a score of
years ago. Then comes Dalpeyrat with his
grés flarmméas, huge jara and jugs covered with
dark crimson, purple or olive flowing glaze, and
alongside Delaherche with his work in the same
material but more novel and graceful forms,
This use of eres, or stoneware, has had an
enormo is development in the last dozen yoars,
It is ths hardest kind of earthe iware, the stuff
that the old bread jars and beer bottles were
made of, clos» grained, cheap and asa rule de-
voted only to the commonest uses, The Doul-
tons, in England, who made drain pipes and
similar utilitarian objecta, were about the first
in modern times to recognize ita artistic re-
sources, but the French development differs
entirely from the well-known Doulton ware
and what Inspfration there was that did not
come from the material iteelf was given by
Japan rather than England. In the salons,
especially those of the Champs de Mars. for
years there have appeared busts and statuettes
executed by Carries, Muller and others, but at
firet there wa‘ no attempt at covering them
except with the thinnest possible glaze, the ordi+
nary salt @laze of the beer bottle. Muller
gained a great mastery of the material, making
statues almost of life size and tinting them in
quiet shades of olive or purple. Representing a
great industrial firm like the Doultons, he was

able to work on ai larger seale than
the = artist potters and = his exhibit
along the wall facing theirs gives samples

of everything from paving and roofing tiles to
bits of bri@A-brac for the cabinet, including
many large pieces for architectural use

Grés has also come into use by nearly all the
potiers as a base for the varicolored glazes sug-
gested by Oriental models. Its inexpensive
ness, solidity and perfect resistance to the
highest temperatures render it preferable in
pics where the surface isto be covered and
where there is no wish for translucence. Chap-
let alone seems to work exclusively with por-
celain; even Lachenal, who gained his reputa-
tion by his bright colored porcelains, seems to
have mainly deserted them for a grés covered
with a matt, lustreless glaze, and Dammouse,
who used to make such beautiful plates in blue
and gray and green pate applied on a creamy
white ground in patterns copied indifferently
from Kate Greenaway and Hokusai, has turned
to the new material and has also added experi-
mentsina new glass, half opaque with the
tinting penetrati.g the whole thickness of the
plece. There does not seem to be much effort
to keep the processes of manufacture secret;
even if such an attempt were mude {t {s prob-
able that a careful examination by an expert
would reveal litde about the method employed;

but while the methods are alike, each
one uses them in his own way. Each
has his preferenc> in glazes, his

own sense of color; some model their own
pieces, others have sculptors whose statuettes
they reproduce. The result is that in an ae
which ts said to tend to uniformity, and when
there is no product of any time that fs not re-
produced with a perfection almost absolute,
there {a as much variety in ceramics as in oil
painting, and when an artist dies or ceases to
produce some personal type of work it can no
more be successfully copied thana Millet or a
Meissonier A curious example of this is the
vases by Paul Aubé, decorated in dark, rich col-
ored ‘‘barbotine,”’ with alittle unglazed terra-
cotta figure, medelied by hand, stuck on the
side or edge. Most persons interested in pot-
tery will remember them. They were common
fifteen vears or 80 ago, and a case in one of the
picture gallertes of the Grand Palais contains
half a dozen; but it would be easter even for a
millionaire to get Tanagra atatuettes or Gubbio
pates than to duplicate that little collection,
They are no longer made and they have not
yet attained the honor of being considered
“antiques,”’

When the end of the little special shows Is
reached much time need not be @.ven tothe
rest of the galleries unless Jeicure ie ample
The arrangement is curiously jumbled together.
Art and drain pipes, gaudy china and honest
roofing tiles are placed in confusing jJuxtaposi-
tion. There are interesting and beautiful
things mixed in the mass. Thegreat china
firms often have some fine pieces, and Theodore
Haviland especially shows a whole counter of
porcelain? flammée of a high quality, Then
there are the little local manufactories that re-
produce, with more or leas quaintness, the old
faience of Normandy or Tourraine. There is
also a little display of “porcelaine tendre,” bv
Camille Nadant, not only good in itself, but re
markable for a number of emall pieces, pierced
clear through (like the Chinese grains de riz
ware) witha pattern of flowers or garlands and
the holes filled with a transparent enamel in
brilliant colors. Then there is Michel Cazin,
whose stoneware should have had a place in
the artists’ row, and the great pots and vases
of the Poterié du Golfe Juan, covered with an
iridescent ruby glavein patternsof wave and
seaweed, and, continually, in unexpected
places, something of beauty or {nterest appears,
But before the visitor becomes dazed and
weary he should leave the huilding, cross
the Esplanide des Invalides and the bulld-
ing on the other side and go to the pavil-
ion erecied by the Union des Arts Decora-
tifs. There an attempt is made to show
a modern Interior which shall not copy
any of the old styles and yet shall be
benntiful and comfortable and worthy of
French art and French skill. There are three
rooms, the first framed in metal with panels of
bluesilk, the second framedin an unvarn'shed
close-erained wood (probably a walnut), with
a cornice, and all of the furniture, chairs, tables
and cabinets beautifully carved in the same
wood, the walls with narrow panels of figured
orange silk and one large decorative painting
by Besnard. Here are arranged, as they might
be in a private house, the smaller products of
the arts, bronzes, carved ivories, porcelain,
faleno*, glass, enamels—not many things, but
each a picked piece. The statuette by Chaplet
has already been mentioned, but nearly all the
men spoken of are represented by one or two
specimens. There is also a plat of striking
character by Cazin unlike any of his other
work, a pattern on Moorish style in almost black
metallic ¢'az ona cream-colored ground; and
objects which,though not ceramics,are vet allied
to them like the cups in transparent enamel by
Thesnard, the class by Gallé of Nancy and the
tranapareit enamel on glass by Lalique, whose
exhibition of Jewelry isone of the wonders of
the year. The third room is all in grés and is
siid to be intended fer a “‘salle de bains.”’
The walls are built up flat excent for the joint-
ing of the tiles and are surmounted by a deep
frieze of fruit and foliage in high relief. The
surface is dull, almost without glaze, and of a
warm stone color The whole ¢ffect is peculiarly
sucoessful and without the chilly suggestive-
ness of most ceramic decoration, being as
pleasant to the eve and hand aa stonework, and
nothing more suitable could be imagined for a
hallway or an open loggia where ooolness and
durability were desired. The whole room is by
George Hoentachel, who seems insome wav to
have inherited the processes of Carries (who
died {n 1904) and shows on pedestals and in
cabinets around the room vases and pote of
grés of allsiz -«, from monumental specimens
fit for the decoration of @ garden terrace to
little pots a couple of Inches hich, reproducing
those which the Japanese bring out of their
silken bags for the tea ceremony.

In comparison with the great display of

ee ee ee

ret om. ee oo.

 

 

SS

nee

  

 

eS

 

French work the united display of al) the other
nations seems small and this of necessity. Space
has been given them with a nigaard hand, the
large manufacturers have seen small chance of
extending their markets by a disolay: the
smaller ones have hesitated at the risks of trans-
port and the diMculties and cost of installation,
The most honorable place among foreign nn-
tions must be given to little Denmark, the worl
of whose royal manufactory at Copenhagen
has been for years the admiration of con
nolsseurs, Even in Sévres itself an echo of ite
influence may be noted. This year shows no
striking novelties, the new decorations vary
from the oldin design, but are in the same spirit,
and the technical perfec'ion of the work is the
same. Across the aisle from th* State in titu-
tion a privatefirm, Bnz & Groendah!, shows
work hardly, if at ail, inferior in quality, but
with a somewhat different epirit. Instead
of confining itself to tie pale blue, eray or

 

ealtron tones of its wrototype, {it shows
Pieces decorated {in deep, atrong reds,
gveens and blues in strong contrast
to the white ground and also admits of
more freedom and. originality in ita
forms, showing vases formed of interlacing

branches and flowersin high relief, the inter-
stices being cut oul so as to form an openwork
pattern, There is also another Danish firm,
Heriman A. Kahler, which produces work of an
entirely different type, but of equally high
quality, a grés covered with dark iridescent
glazes. The forms of the bowls and vases are
often of a striking-originality, and some of the
figures of lions, eagles or warriors whith deo-
orate them show through all the conventional
changes which are necessary to fit them toa
flower jar, the old Northern joy in hunting and
battle. Three such institutions as theve last
mentioned would be an honor to any country,
and it cannot be said that they are equalled out-
side of France, unless by Japan.

The cisplay of the latter country produces no
more the same excited interes as {n some former
years, when the aciievements of the Japanese
potters were still novelties Now their merits
and limitations are pretty well known, and their

works are moreover disadvantageously
displayed The whole idea of a mul-
titude of objects of art spread out

at the same ume is foreign to Japanese feeling.
Such things should be shown one or two at a
time to amateurs whose minds and bodies are
atrest. Forced tosubmit to Furopean custom
they have their exhibits in interminable rows of
neat glass cases, It would not be so bad for
European porcelains where the work from one
factory or in one style would fill a case,
arranged with the more (mportant vieces in the
centre; butin Japan there is no such quantity
turned out by any one potter. The vases are
ranged alongside of each other on the shelves
and the visitor walks by with no special point
of interest to arrest him. If he will only stop
anywhere and carefully examine what happens
to be opposite him the chances are that he wiil
be rewarded by finding work of the greatest
beauty of technique and execution. To describe
the exhibit it would be necessary to criticl-e
separately a long listof single pleces, a process
as tedious as useless, for the Japanese export
their good porcelain and the shops on Fifth
avenue show in miniature the same display
as Paris The other countries take a
distinctly lower rank, Even Germany, which
has made anenormous effort and whose dis-
play is one of the fine features of the Exposi-
tion, is leas successful in the department of
ceramics than elsewhere, The royal manufact-
urers of Berlin and Dresden have showy dis-
plays of much the same kind as at ( hicago; but
though there are some nicely painted plates
and vases in the old S@vres style, a certain jack
of active artistic feeling is discernible through
italland there are no private exhibits of im-
portance. Holland keeps more of her old skill.
Delft turns out the well-known blue and white
ware {inthe old patterns and some new ones,
occasionally introducing the yellows and greens
of some of the old work. A firmat The Hague
have refined on these patterns-producing a
faience which, while it retains something of the
form of Delft, is more delicate in shipe with
a peculiar style of decoration of birds
flowers and scrolls in delicate lilac, green
and yellow tints, apparently drawn with
a pen instead of a brush, and re-
calling the decorative fantasies published
by Habert-Dys some dozen years ago. There

is also a) me work in dark purples and greens |

which is interesting and good. Italy has the
{inevitable reproductions of her old Majolicas,
but also some modern versions of them in
cleaner, purer tones, and decorated with lilies
and Botticellian heads well drawn in outline
and plea-ing in color.
to callfor remark. Here and there some good
peasant pottery, like the rude Spanish ware, or
futeresting national decoration, like the Hun-
garian faience. England is particularly disap-
pointing, having made no effort whatever to
display her art industries. Doulton & Co. make
the only deplay of pottery, and while they
show afew piec*s of their stoneware most of
their exhibit is made up of work poorin shape,
vulgar in decoration and gaudy in color

Of the United States much could not be ex-

pected in artistic ceramics, The conditions are |

still unfavorable for success in aline requiring
so long a technical apprenticeship and such
special artistic knowledge and feeling.
come off muci better than would have been
supposed. The Rookwood pottery has an ex-
cellent display, and its warm brown and
orange giazes, and espec.ally its later at-
tempts in lighter colors, grays and mauves have
been greatly admired and liberally purchased
even by the French, and the same may be said
of the Grueby ware, whose vases show a won-
derful variety of beautiful and simple types
suggested by vegetable forms. These, with the
show of Favrile glass, which has long been
favorably known in Paris, give us en honorable
place am ong the nations to-day and a promise
of still greater advance in the near future
8. 1.

 

INFANTRY EQUIPMENTS OF ALUMINUM

Successfal Experiments With the Metal in the
Russian Army.

Asearly as March 4, 1897, it was decided to
furnish the Russian infantry with aluminum
cooking utensils, canteens, &c., and quite re-
cently new specifications for certain of these
articles have been issued.

Toe aluminum used must be pure, that fs, it
must contain not less than 98 per cent. of
aluminum and not over 2 per cent. of impuri-
ties, the silica of which cannot exceed 6-8 of 1
per cent. of the whole. Each article must be
pressed out of a single plate of aluminum,
without any seams or so!der.

The articles thus far issued tothe army are
water kettles, canteens and drinking cups.

The kettle (for cooking) has the form ofa
truncated cone, with the larger diameter at the
bottom. It standsabout 5 inches high, witha
top diameter of 5% inches and a bottom diam-
eter of 6 inch ’s and holds about half a gation.
Its thickness is about 04 {nch. The bottom is
flat, rounded at the edges, and the top
is turned over around an aluminum wire, and
has an iron wire handle catching in aluminum
ears riveted on by means of aluminum riveta,
The entire weight of the kettle cannot exoeed
821 grams fabout & of a pound)

The canteen or water bottle is elliptical in
shape, with aconical neck opening outward.
In the horizontal cross-seclon the longest
diameter measures 4.9 inches; the shortest 2.3

AUGUST 26, 1900.

 

Eisewhere there is little |

| could be offered he was oui of the office,

We and inquire into the sources of his livelfhood.

| forele
| was but an excuse for slugaishness of thought.

 

|

 

inches; in the vertical section the longest diam-
eter (iength to neck) measures 6.7 inches. The

neck is } inen in diameter and 1.4 inches high, |
and is closed with acork stopper. The contents |
of the flisk is 0.7 jiter, and it must weigh less ,
than 154 grams (less than 6 ounces)

The drinking cup is of an eiongated oval
form in horizontal cross-section, Ww dening to-
ward the top, with nearly. vertical sides, It
stands 2.2 inches high, and the largest diameter
(horivontaliy) isat the bottom 2.2 inches, at
top 2.6 inches, the shortest at bottom 1.6 inch s
ai top 1 9inches. It holds 0.12 liter, and weighs
25 grams (less than one ounos).

The canteen is carriedin a gray cloth case,
lined under the flap and around the opening
with leather and hangs over the shoulder by a
woven henip belt. The cloth case wel@hs 65 |
grams, the beit and buckies 50 grams ‘or the
two together ahout4\ ounces), The great re-
duction thus effected in the weight of these es-
sential equipments is apparent, and the prac-
ticability of weing siuminum for this purpose
has been established.

Recently, however, a rival of aluminum has
entered the field, namely magnalium, which
promises even better results

SO ee et EN I ORE ee PRR eS ee
ss

   
 

AN ESCAPE FROM PRISON.

UP THE FATE OF
CALDERWOOD.

 

DONALD CLEARS
LAWYER

 

A Counterfeiting Enterprise in England and
the Disappearance of a Rich Man's Wife ta
New York—Cronkite Makes a Connection
Between Things Seemingly Unrelated.
Abe Cronkite often thought of Donald, the

prison shoemaker,as he had last seen him,
mounted on a box in the Bowery and extolling
the merits of packages of soap, price a dime,
into each one of which he apparently slipped
a bright half-dollar, He had no fears that
the old rascal was engaged in an unprofitable
business; that would be more preposterous
than the eye of a cambric needle to a full sized
camel. But the many half-dollars were un-
doubtedly in his possession, however mislead-
ing their destination might be. Hence the
question arose, was this money genuine, or
had the discharged convict once more entered
upon the manufacture of the queer, which had
caused him to pass behind the bars fully half
of the forty years of his wandering in the crim-
inal desert, after leaving the slums of Mane
chester, England, for the good of that munic-
ipality? The former detective’s interest was,
in the main, a kindly one; he recognized Don-
ald's faults, as indeed any one must, since with-
out them the man would be as devoid of sub-
stance as an echo; but the humor which was
their inherent quality somehow appealed to
him. For this reason he had determined to
seek out the shoemaker and inquire into his
calling, when an event occurred which at first
drove the resolution from his mind, only to
bring it back again to be put into execution.

This event was nothing less than the sudden
disappearance from home of the young and
charming wife of Zenas Coomba, the great
iron founder. In the early days of the septu-
agenarian’s second marriage his friends had
predicted that trouble would come from 80
unequal a union. But the dignity with which
Mrs. Coomba maintained her position and the
tranquil happiness of their domestic life had
long since silenced such comments. Now.
however, she was missing, though not without
a@ note of explanation, and this her husband,
{n his uncertainty and distress, bore straight-
way to his lawyer, Judge Josiah Marcellus,
for advice and direction,

The note was singularly brief and peremp
tory, announcing that the writer had left her
| hushand forever, and solemnly forbidding
him to attempt to find her. There was, how-
ever, oa chord of self-abnegation running
through it, which the lawy.r wis swift to
detect and interpret. “She seems to be con-
vinced that ehe is acting ior your good,” he
said, “and doubtlesa ehe is. No woman would
| leave such a home without adequate cause
which in your case must be extraneous to you.
I shall not dwell on painful conclusions; my
advice is, let well anougb alone.”

“Never,” erled Mr, Coombs passionately.
“My Eleanor is a pure noble woman: she may
have been deceived by circumstances, she
| may have lost her reason. I will spend every
dollar T have to regain and protect her!"

The lawyer bowed eubinissively. “In that
event,” he went on, “it is necessary for you
to tell me all about your acquaintance with
your wife and her manner of life when it hegan,.
Don't mind him,” he added reassurinuly, as
the merchant glanced dubiously toward the
desk in the corner where Abe Cronkite eat,
with back turned, indeed, but clearly within
earshot; “don't mind him, he is close mouthed.
And we must have some such ageut, you know.”

“Then let him listen with care and aet with
} ekill, and I will make his future secure,” re-
| turned the old man with trembling eagerness,
| “I mat my wife, then Mrs. Eleanor Calder-
| wood, in Manchester, England, under some

 

what romantic circumstances, She waa a
widow, acting as governess in a family J
visited. One nicht the house tuok fire, and

we should have all perished had it not heen
| for her coolness and intrepidity. As aoun as
| she perceived my interest in her, of her own
| volition she told me her stery. Calderwood,
| a smallattorney of the place, it seems, suddenly
| hecame well supplied with money, This aroused

his wite'’s wuspicions and she soon learned that

he had connected himself with a gang of

cotuers; whereupon she at once left him and
| undertook her own support. Six months later
he was arrested and convicted and the follow-
ing vear was drowned while attempting to
escape from prison, though his body was never
recovered, These facts were vouched for
| by the good people with whom she lived, who
| both honored and loved her tor her cheerful
patience under suffering.”

“If you please, sir,” asked Abe Cronkite,
swinging around. “Did Mrs Coombs have
any particular plans for the day she disap-
| peared?” ,
| “Yes, she was under promise to go with other
ona Giatetiniting

y

ladies of the Dorcas Society

tour amonu the poor. I have, of course, key

her mysterious absence a secret, but it came

naturally to my knowledge that she did go with
| them into the Bowery, where they separated
| each one to make the calls on the list assigned

to her. That is the last trace | have. But
| why do you ask?"

“For a definite starting place, to be sure,”
replied Abe Cronkite, easily “In order to
thread a maze you must first get into it, Our
maze evidently begins in the Bowery, and with
your permission | will enter it there at once,
reporting thisevening what I :nay have learned”
and before other suggestion or amendment
deter-
mined to put into operation that resolution,
often recurring, to see Donald, the shoemaker,

 

 
  
 
 

For to the former detective's proctical mind
accident should be lanored as a reason for the
linking together of circumstances seemingly

n to one another. A coincidence to him

So, while there might not be any connection be=
tween Mrs Coombs's disappearance and the
likelihood that Donald, the shoemaker, saw
her while passing through the Bowery, the fact
that he was a Manchester man who returned
frequently to hia native city, and while thera,
an elsewhere, was a chronic counterlelter,
seemed to predicate a relation which shoul

be examined with cara Suppose Donald had
been an associate of Calderwood; suppose he
had recognized hia former pal's widow in the
richly apparelled lady, engaged on a mission
of merey. What would be the first impulse
to arise in his mind; what, but some working
of his insatiable greed? Given such conditions,
and the answer to the problem might well be a
woman fleeing from a blackmailer.

Abe Cronkite was too wise to seek the shoe.
maker’s confidence. He knew that he was far
more wary on the defence than when urged
to an attack by hope of gain; and so though
he passed by Donald's stand he did so hurriedly
and as if anxious to avoid recognition. That

was sufficient; in another moment there were
rapid wee and oily salutations; and Donald,
darting ahead, turned and confronted him.

“Tl not stand for it, Abe,” began the old
shoemaker, all aglow with honest cordiality,
“to have an auld acquaintance pass me by as
if but wan remove from a pist house, Ad-
mittin’ y'are a iminent lagal charakter, with
more cases to keep than a busted faro sharp
does that do away with the necissity of soc'al
relaxatun? Whin travellin’ in Sahary, don't
you need to have your skin full, and what is
the law but a disert with plinty of sand on all
sides and a frish green thing unly to be found
be fits and starts? Come, thin, I have the price
for a wet, and our frind beyant has the wet
for the price. As the Ziphyr said to the love-
sick shepherd, I'll blow yer.” _And_ jingling
a handful of bright half dollars, Donald led the
Way across the street, into the rear room of a
Bowery saloon.

When a libation had heen poured out to friend-
ship, Donald, wiping his chops with the back
of his hand and seenning his companion slyly
through the corners of his little red eves, be-
gan the fishing excursion, out of which he
hoped he might hook some possible profit
for himself

“It's lucky y'are, so v'are, Abe,” he said,
“to hew’ business trim in’ over your heels like
hoboes hurryin’ up at the ind of a line. What
ja it y'are pinin’ the day, man? A missnn’ wit-
nese to a will or some divoorce complieatun?
If there’s annythin’ in the natur’ of a affildavy
T end ebleewe you with, I stand ready and
anx'us to sian at the bottom of a page to onet,
and vou kin fill in what vou dum plaze at your
conven'ence.’

Abe Cronkite declined this handsome offer
with thanks, There was really no way, he
anid, in which the shoemaker could assist him,
The matter he had in hand was nor a compli
eated one, though there was big money in it
for the man who furnished the desired informa.
tlon He hod been instructed to get the record
of a Manchester lawver named Calderwood:
e lawacy denvended unon whether he was alive
or dead and hearing that there was an Fnglish-
man from those perts in a hotel on the next
block. he was on his way to see fim.

“A Manchester Fnaiishman,” rereated Don-
ald, with a hi#h note of ecorn, “and Isn't it’
mesilf that's Manchester born and brid, with
the cinesiis of the entire popelatun in me nut?
Calderwood, Ivar Calderwood, on wim-eaten
little mon, who was pinched for kinin’ in ‘92, T
don't know him _needer, I spose? Well, we
anorted the anme braclets for some consid’rable
time, and T don't aee how two blokes cud be
more hand in hand than that. You needn't
@o no furder, Abe. Here's all the straight-
goods of tafermaten pone 3 ree kin require,
with caeh arter delivery. An’ seein’ it's rou
will have the fixin’ of the rane: I don't mind
advan@in’ a few scade, as ividence of my gin-

 
  
  

 

    
   
 
 
 
 
 
    
   
   
   
   
  
 
   
  
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
  
  
 

  

 

erous intintuns whin the long is paid
over,” d the shoemaker fairly Feroea, 6
dozen o the bright half dollars into
ve's hand,

eo are at alike, Abe,” Donald went on ¢x-

» "from 1 at Headquarters
ultantly, “from the Supe fon't
to the cop on the beat. Sure, if it oeale
git what you want, pay for it, is the thrue bein’
of livin’? Will, thin, the perliminaries a
settled, and you plidged to the most sooeehe
tive drag-off the succumstances will permit,
I'll g’wan with me story, as the mason sal
when he finished the fust flute 1

“It was in the fall of ‘92, Ave, fo, It War.
was jest arter finishin' a fivesspecker, whin
Tstrick a Ot of hum-sickness that clung to me
like the locl-stip to an old lag. i here was
nothin’ for it but IT must revisit: the purrs
of Manchester, even if I did run the risk of the

vurlice revisitin’ me at about the same time,
ero TL put in a cattle steamer, well contint
to eat the husks that the steers trun away,
sence I was retarning to me fayther's house,
In coorse, Abe, this last sintamint was largely
hypobegraphical, seein’ as from all accounts
1 was born under a hidge; but all the samee
there was lashins of booze whin | showed me
phiz in a certing shebang down near the statan,
and if the fatted calf wasn't trotted out, It
was unly because he had deviliped into na
foine a cut of roast beef as you'd find in the
foor kingdoma, There was a old pal of mine
named Cassidy who set it up; and whin the
udders had been awept out, overcome by their
own and the landlord's flow of sperruts, him
and me, arter a turn under the pinatock, set
down to the consideratun of ways and means: -
the ways of makin’ the queer, and the means
of cittin’ it in succulatun,

‘Tt waa finally agreed that sence me hand
had loat none of its ane'ent cunnin’, for which
I offers t'anks were due, I should cook up the
mitals, while Cassidy pollshed off the moulds
and that the most awailable distributin’ agent
for the output would be wan Calderwood,
a lyar with even less practice than repperta-
tun, which is about aa clusa definitun of starvin
asl kin give Wery good: we started off with
flatterin’ prospicts, which the results fairly
put intocrape, NiverdidI do better work: why
we used to rub a bit of muck over the shiners
whin they kem out of the moulds for fear list
their spiindor should give humaridge tothe
Kyal Mint. And Calderwood stuck to his graft
with eredit to bot’ his head and his heart,
stockin' up the retail dealers with the queer
to such an ixtine that a einroine gusina was
as searce in his neighborhood aa it is in a col-
lectun box. Yet trade waa niver brisker,
which goes to show the teut' of thatould maxim
of political aconomy that anny kind of money
is as good as the bist so long as {t passes free
and buys as much ——

“But luck will turn; if it didn't, you know,
it wud be succias, Calderwood got keerless
and wan day give a client for whom he had
done a bit of business foor pund, nineteen
ehillun and aixpence for a twinty-pund note
That was too much of a good ting, or too little,
by the mark; for of that whole lit of kine the
eixpence was the unly genooine piece Now
this man wasof a savin’ dispositun and soaked
away whativer he cud in his sock to hum, but
allus afore he did so he tried ivery ecad with
his teet’. Arter he had like go choke to deat’
from a mont'ful of composity he complained
to the authorities. The bobbies kem down
upon us, and at jest the wrong moment: for
1 was stirrin’ in the antimony, and Caasidy he
was a sandpaperin’ florins, and Calderwood,
he was a cnstin’ accounta and diwidin’ up the
profits. What eud we do when ketched in the
wery act but put up a beef to the court for
mussy, which the Big Wig seemed to understand
jest the udder way At anny rate, he give
the full extint, doin’ his little all for us, and ina
mont’s time we t'ree was a makin’ furmpin'-
jacks of ourselves in the tridmill at Maidstone
Prison, divarsified, ivery udder day, by tin
hours in water waist-high, a layin’ docks and
be dammed to thin

“Ah, that's aterr'ble place, Abe: well may we
boast of our free institootuns in comparison
Afore I'd been there a vap I felt older than
Metusally wud if he'd done a life sintinee in
sackcloth knickerbockers, a slapin’ on a boord,
with no tobacey, and with salt horse and a dab
of molasses for the bist of the prog, and a wad
of half-baked sawdust for the wust. I swear,
I'd hey croked and t’ankful, if it hadn't been for
wan thing, and that was Cassidy. He were a

Nausible cusa, he were, and it wasn't long afore
he «ot on the soft side of an old keeper, good-
natured and rather stupid, who they put in
charge of the hall at odd times whin unly a
few was lock At sech times he used to
give Cassidy a chanet to stritch his legs and
chin a bit, and he so managed to slip the wud
to me of what he had desolved to do. _Christ-
mas F.ve kem, the wan fistal event of the year,
me and Calderwood played sick and sulky
whin all the udder men was unlocked and
marched off to chapel, and Cassidy he set
on a table at the ind of the corridor @ivin’ a
werbal song and dance to his frind the keeper
The hall was dark and lonely, with now and
thin the sonnd of the singin’ of glees, and stomp-
in’ and slappin’ comin’ from the udder wing

“Cassidy, he did the job handily. Jest whin
the bust of applause wae the loudest, he give
it to the keeper plum in. the peepers with a
handful of dried weed he had found out on the
embankment which had an awful smart. The
keeper give wan yell, and struck out right
and left: but onicker’n I kin tell you, Cassidy
had a gag in his mout’ and a slip-neose over
his arms and legs; in a couple of momenta
that keeper was as helpless as a trussed tur-
key, and damn sight less comfortable. Up
on the tiers slipped Cassidy, with the master-
key: a turn here, a turn there, and me and
Calderwood had jined him. We locked the
poor turnkey upin a vacant cell, with a pile of

ylankets over him, and thin out into the vard
ina fiffy! On the sout’ side there was a mont,
about twinty feet acrost, half-filled with slimy
water, and we kiowed ff we cud git over this
there was a fightin’ chanet of escape t'roo
some of the workmin on the canal who had huts
nearby. So we mounted the wall by the guards’
ladder and run along, lookin’ for the safest
apot Blow me, but it was a fearsome sight,
full tirty feet sheer down, with that greenish
gruel at the bottom; but what waited us inside
was wuss, if we didn't eit away. Cavsidy
leaned way over and spied a ledge about tin
feet from the bottom, and t'roo the moat fust
there a streak of marsh grass that looked as
if it might hold. We had a rope Just about long
enough, and no time to waste, so there we made
the attimpt.

“Calderwood wint fust, down the rope to
the ledge and thin plump. out to the litde elum
of grass, well-nigh to the middle of the mont
But there heseemed to stick, and we cud hear
him eussin’ at fust, and thin moanin’ like a
sick babby. ‘He's in a blue funk,’ growled
Cassidy, ‘but he can't phaze me.’ And down
the rope he slid, with so manny a jerk and pull
that it gave way, coiling about him aa he lande
on the ledge, and there was I left high and dry,
with a sound from within as if the performance
was over

“T leaned over and looked down. It was a
cur'ns sight, Abe, and wan hard to size. Caa-
sidy had sprung out onto Calderwood's shoulders
and was balancin’ there for dear life. Calder.
wood had grown shorter for some reason, and
had reached both hands up and grabbed Cas-
sidy, eeder holdin’ him on or tryin’ to shake
him off, I euldn’t tell which. T looked hack
at the buildin,’ there were luchts here and there,
and the sound of officers calling. Something
must be done to onct if at all. stood on the
very edge. Twinty feet below were the two
men, one on top of the udder, like acribate fn
@ siiceus. Tin feet bevond thim was a clump
of Jow trees and bushes on the furder shore
If I cud leap so as to land in that clump I wud
be saved, and E felt that Leud make tt if uniy,
if univ, T cud have the advantage of a apring
whin halfway over. Why not jump for Cas-
sidy's shoulders, techin’ thim lHirhtlyv. vet git-
tun jest the impetus needed to sind me over?
There was no time to hesitate; the lights were
outinthevard. Isprang out and down, spurnp-
in’ his shoulders with my feet and landin’ tn
the clump like a bird!

“It must have been the kick back that done it,
Abe,upsettin’ whativer stability there might hey
been to the quicksand. and sendin’ thim down
and down likea shot; for whinlT looked for my
frinds they was gone: unlyv a bubble of muddy
water markin'the spot where this fataleatastrofe
oceurred! They found Cassidy's body the
next day, 1 believe, his outstritched hands
bein’ about two feet below the surface; but Cal-
derwood was niver heard of. perhaps he's at{l]
Alippin' t'roo that slimy stuff in his wav to
bedrock or Chiny. And that's the story, Abe:
and the man whose laacy depends on his deat’,
ought to come down good for it, especially
whin he considers the provident’al part I've
plaved in his fortunes. There's Calderwood's
widow. too. who might have a claim agin him,
What if I kin lav ime hand on her Hold
up there, Abe. whativer_are vou doin’? Have
you gone daft. man?” The shoemaker’s voice
died away in a wail of terror, for Abe Cronkite.
reaching over, had eras him by the throat
and swung down on the floor by his stde.

“Where is she, you scoundrel?” demanded
the detective

Old Donald shook himself free. and sat up
scowling and impudent, “Thin that was your
game. arter all "he muttered; “thin damme me
for a loose jawed idjit, and damn you for bloody
beak that betrays his friends! TI won't tell you,
that's flat.”

‘Not half so flat as this queer of voura,” re.
torted Cronkite, as he ground one of the half-
dollora under his heel

“For the love of mussy, Abe."
old cadger, “don't give me graft away and T'll
tell vou iver thing, Sure { unly said to her
that T knew where her hushand was: and waen't
that Gospel trut’? And it's to-night it is, she’s
to meet me and free y'are to take me place
There's nothin’ in the plant at bist. excint the
parvnin’ of her rings that she's to give me for
tellin’ her how to avide Calderwood. I'll take
vouto her aod wileame, Abe. jest forthe retarn
of thim half-collara'’

And so it came anout that Abe Cronkite was
able to pring: trananillity to the mind of a
half-distroneht woman: and to restore the han.
piness of the Coombs household. Old Donald
was suffered to resume his_ slight-of-nand
traMcipng unmolested: Judge Marcellus sagely
remarking that it wae icle to prosecute one who
seemek so bent on cor ¥cting himself,

groaned the

 

Vacation Enjorment,

From the Philadelphia Press
Aseum—Why aren't you enjoying a vacation nthe
country these hot days?
Hennepeck~ 1 am.
Ascum—You seem to be here all the time.
Hennepeck—Yes. I'm enjoying bere the vacation
my wife is taking In the country.

 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   

—S—————

HUNTING FOR A CONTINENT,

THREE NEW ATTEMPTS TO SOLVE THE
ANTARCTIC MYSTERY.

 

 

Reasons for Believing That a Continent Exists
About the South Pole—The Tetrahedron
Theory of the Earth Attacks on
the Problem From Four Different Sides,

The report of the Belgian Antaretl: ey.
pedition which was published recently iy

Brussels, is of special interest for the reas n

that within a few months three more exje.

ditiona—one English, one Scotch and one Ger.
man—will start for the south polar region
on similar exploring missions, It is perbape
too much to say that the attack of these four
expeditions is a combined one, As a matter
of fact each of the four was organized and
planned quite irrespective of the other. There
was no concerted arrangement a6 to the dif.
ferent points of exploration, The circum
stance that each planned to approach the
pole from a different direction is purely © mate
ter of chance. But it waa a fortunate chanca,

The Belgian expedition started from Ante
werp on the specially equipped steamer Rel-
gica on Aug. 18, 1807, just three years ago,

During fifteen months when for the greater

part of the time the Belgica was fast locked

in the south polar ice pack, no tidings what-
ever came from the explorers. It was not
until nearly April of last year that news of
their safety came. They had eseaned from
the ice pack with the Belgica intact and with
the loss of only one man, who had succumbed
to the climate and to the depression trcicent
to the long imprisonment and constant peril.

The expedition was commanded by M. de

Gerlache with Iieut. George Lecointe. a Rel.
gian who had served in the French Navy bas
second officer, Its original programme ine
chided two summer campatans, Ore w in
the direction of Vietoria Land to the enet and
the other in the direction of Graham land

e

"

 

to the west. It bewgaa and ended with t
Graham Land exploration owing to fhe ¢
ture of the Belgica by the fee and her detent

as A prisoner for upward of a year

 

  

The German expedition, which ts to start
early next year, will be under the dire f
Prof. Z. Von Drvaalski It proposes | >
yroach the Antaretic zone to the south of the
ndian Ocean near Terminus Island d oon
the prolongation of a meridian that {
yas through Siam and the Island of s :

his fs exactly opposite the Palmer and Gro.
ham Land region, where the Belgica +t or
explorations The Bnelish expedition Kite
ived by the Roval Geographical clety will
start towardthe pole from the neti! ood
of Vieteria Land to the south of the Pols ne ion
Sea The Seotch expedition, under Wi ‘
Bruce, will advance from Graham Land ‘ee
opposite side of the pole from Victorian Tang,

  
 
 

 

the Enulish point of departure, It is |
ject of all three expeditions to study th:
graphical configuration of what is "
to be the great Antarctic continent and al
to examine its geological formation, and +
pecially to make magnetic, meteorologial
oceanographical observations, It is t “
that the untied work of the three expeditions,
j all working with similar instruments ond a -
cording to practically the same system, will
bring very Valuable results. The questioncf
reaching the pole is another matter and fs not
proclaimed as the great ohiective of either part
of explorers, Writing of these three oxpedi-
tions and of the results of the Beleica’s voyage,
M. A. Dastre in a recent contribution to one
of the leading French periodical. seys
“Geographers generally admit the extstence
of an Antarctic continent having its centre at
the South Pole. The South Pole differs fn this
respect from the North Pole. If the North
Pole, in fact, is in the waters of a more or less
frozen ocean, the South Pole is, on the other
hand, on solid land, land that is frozen as are
the waters of the North Polar Sea. Jt ts trog
that this conception of the two poles is based
on theoretic reasoning, but It ia reasoning
that is very strong, which, up to the preser
time, no ascertained fact has overthrown
"The first result of Antarctic explorations
was to confirm this theory of the terrestrial
conformation of the South Polar region as
opposed to the marine character of the cap
that covers the polar region of the North. The
problem that Piture expeditions will| have
to solve should be to determine the configuras
tion of this frozen continent, access to which
is nearly everywhere barred by feebergs and
vast flelds of {ce-pack. Thoy should deters
mine its extent and outline ite shores. Up to
the present time it never has been reached
except at isolated points. It is not known
whether these shores, only seen in a frage
mentary way, belong to islands or to the vast
continental mass whose existence Is admitted.
Are these solid thresholds against which. the
more fortunate navigators have stumbled
at wide distances. apart--Adelie Land, dise
covered in 1840 by Dumont d'Urville; Sabrina
Land, Enderby Land and Graham Land, a
discovered by Biscoe in 1832, and Vieforla
Land, discovered in 1841 by Capt. James Clarke
Ross are these the shores of a continent or
of a polar archipelago? Do they form around
the South Pole a more or leas solid girdle, or
do they resolve themselves intoigolated islands?
“What is certain is that lands multiply and
become concentrated just. in proportion. fs
we approach the jole. If we examine the
southern hemisphere, we observe that the non-
submerged land ends very near the equator,
The remainder up to the neighborhood of the
solar circle offers to the view nothing but an
mmense stretch of water, he African cone
tinent ends at the Cape of Good Hope in latitude
84° 51; that is to say, it does not extend any
further below the equator than Morocco 1s
above it. Tasmania, which may be regarded
asa prolongation of Australia and of the
Adiatic continent, does not extend beyond
latitude 43° 30°; that is to say, it does not reach
half way to the pole. South America alone
throws off its southern extremity, Cape Horn,
as far scuth as the fifty-sixth parallel and is
still as far away from the South Pole as scote
land is from the North. Beyond these three cone
tinental projections and up to the polar circie-s

 

that is to say, up tothe seventieth parallel of
latitude—-we meet with nothing but the im.
mense mass of the antarotic waters dotted
here and there with rare islands like mere
specks upon their surfaces, Kut once we
have crossed the circle the scene changes.

It emerges

Land reappears in all directions, ,
the

all about us. We have there Pere
southern continent; its mass is jeined under
the waters with the rest of the 60!
earth of which Asia, Australia, Africa and
America are the cropping, out ridges visible
above the surface of the ocean,

“Following, that idea we may regard the
solid part of the globe as 4 triangular py runic,
of which the summit touches the Scuth Pele
and whose base forms the @lacial seu of the
North Pole ‘The sides of the pyranid wre
more or less depressed to form the busines of
the oceans On the other hand, the mass of
the waters, of which the surfnee is that of «
spheroid, so drowns this solid eurth thut noth+
ing appenars above the surface save the three
continental riagges aud the untaretio point

"This concey tion of the general configuration
of the earth und of the waters thereof is to be
credited to an Englishman, Mr Lowthian Green,

 

who advanced it in 1875 and has labored ever
since to justify it, and with a certain sere

Tt is known under the nume of the tetrahedr )
hypothesis, beeunse the triangular pyramid
is culled in geometry A tetrahedron Dut

what is hypothetical in this conception ts not
80 much the compurikon of the solid earth to
@ tetrahedron as the explanution of the meuns
by which the originally spherical crust of our
globe took on this singular form It is the
progressive cooling of the globe whieh broue)t
ubout this metamorphosis By r n of the
construction of the shell, 98 @ result of ft
cooling, the crust, which is relatively thin, being
no longer supported, gave way and bent. It
acted then, according to the familiar and very
epplicadte comparison of Mr) Ladlemand, like
the rubber membrane of a balloon, whore
ewellings and depressions, when it is carefully
disinflated, do as a matter of fuet sensibly re pr
duce the figure of a tetrahedron
deformation of the terresirial crust ts a:
comp anied by fractures of the surface, cuvines
in and divers accidents following always t
line of leust resistance. Such is the theory cf!
eurth’s formation which up to the present day
still reigns in science

“The supposition that a south polar continent
exists is, then, a consequence of the tetrahedr "
theory of the earth's formation. It is a cv
quence also of a very general Jaw which seen s
to dominate the history of the fermation «f
our globe, and that is that wherever there ‘»
a prominence on the surface there is a corre
sponding depression on the side diamnreu
opposite his law of the reciprocal cy pot
tion of elevations and depressions at the
tremity of the same diameter has ver
exceptions, and where there are such ex:
tions they are explicable by intervening

   

sae

te

 

turbances, It is right in line with this
that we should find a south polar cont t
above the sea as a complement to t

depresston which uyires the basin of the glacwd
sea at the north polar end of the earth ‘
“The observations made by the Belmion s+

 

 

edition are favorable to Mr. Gr s tetris
nedron theory, but these are obviously t
suMicient to put the aceuracy of that the

beyond discussion. It will require numer
and fortunate observations to decide
nitely. Under this reserve, it is  perr

to say with M. Arctoweki, one of the two &
gists and meteorologists who necom
the expedition, that in the region throug
the Relgica passed ‘everything tended to er =
firin belief in the existance of a continent!
mass to the south.'”

Of one thing the Belgica explorers are *)
and that is that if there is a great Antar
continent it is covered with a thick coverins
snow andice. The best weather they got ¢
ing their long imprisonment was when the *
blew from the south, because it was a dry
and it brought clear skies, fut it was hiner
cold, as if it had ewept hundreds of leagy
bleak toefields, whereas the north wind, blow
off thousands of miles of water, raised the '
perature several dewrees, although It brow
with it such penetrating icy fogs that the r
of the Belgica welcomed the return of the esi
but clearing winds,

 

 

 

<—s