rth
ess
her
are
brie

ed
ing

ons
t

cap
The
ave
orne
piel
end
ere
to
ed
wh
age
ast
ec.
the
bled
dine
ina

tha
rke
or
nd
. oF
nde?
and
as
the
one
tor.
the
an
te
ide
any

led
the
ond
ach
one
brn,
His
te
he

of
im-
le
ere
we

es
ine
der
lid
and
ible

the
iid,
‘ole
the
ure

of «
othe

) ree

tion
o be
el,
ever
Eh Ae
ron

But

 

 

FO RESCUE LIVES AT SEA.

: Vv OWN AT
TY OF DEVICES SH Fr
ae PARIS EXPOSITION.

Decides That No Inventor Is Yet En-
mae the Prize of 820,000 Omered in
Memory of Two of La Bourgogne's Vic-
tims Progress Made to Saving Life at Sea.
Copyright, 1900, ov Gridayedof.
paris, Aug. 18 ‘It's an (ll wind that blows
shody good,” or as some other proverb maker
” aces it, “From arent calamities oft issue
Oe ber efits When on the Fourth of July,
"008, tt » French steamship La Bourgogne went
ee with all on board off the Newfoundland
anath there was a renewal of the discussion of
aasures to prevent such loss of life. Among
= idl gers on the way from the United
: to France who were lost on the Bour-
Mr. and Mrs. Anthony Pollok of
Washington, D. ¢ Their heirs decided to found
a memorial prize to be awarded for the best
od or device for saving buman life im ship-
rpecks » this end the estate set
— suki be styled the Anthony Pollok
pe und asked the concurrence of the United

we
States
gogne were

met!

} ind French governments in whatever
‘ sone eas ahold be deemed most practical
fer the furtherance of the project Both govern-

mptly acceded to the request, an dit

- tes ded to make the competiive dist lay
of javentions for caving life at seu a part cf the
Paris Exp ition of 1900

The general character of the Pollok prize
and the cor ditions attaching to its award were
widely advertised in all the countries of the ,
world, ao that through the utmost put licity

t of men who had an idea of
interest or value in the premises would be in-
duced to complete for the prize and to disclose
the theories in the interest of humanity
Appreciating the vast philanthropic scope of
the undertaking, the Exhibition authorities set
apart for the purpose a lone, capactous gallery
in the building known 4s the Palace of Naviga-
where all designs sub-

every man or se

tion and Commerce,
mitted should be exhibited: and, with the ap-
proval of the Pollok heirs, placed the whole sub-
ject in the hands of @ jury of well-known ex-

sin all naval and maritime matters
mmission has virtually termi-
The duty was a

pert
This expert e

pated its labors this week

most exacting one, for the collection of life-
saving inventions is enormous They were
sent from all parts of the world, and many of
them avidently represent years of care and
a ee bie exhibit of ideas there are nat-

lly many things of an eccentric character,
plainly the handiwork of cranks: but, on the
other hand, many thoroughly practical devices
are submitted whose app ication hereafter will
surely tend to minimize loss of life by accidents

4
* the jury, however, regard the great problem
of life saving in shipwrecks as still unsolved,
While admitting the value of some of the in-
yentions, they consider that none of them quite
{ulfils the specific object of the founders o the
Pollok prize. Some of the devices, say the
jury, would vastly lessen the chance of accident
on vessels but such accidents may
ocour, for which no sure means of saving life by
the wholesale, as it were, haa been provided.
For this reason the jury is of the opinion that
the sum of $20,000 should not be awarded in its
qntirety to any exhibitor, but that a certain
part of it should be awarded to the inventor of
the best method or methods proposed, while
the balance of the prize should be set apart as
an incentive for further competitions of the
same kind, to be held during the next two or
three years. If the group Jury approve this
decision of the class jury, perhaps only two or
three of all the exhibitors represented at Paris
will core in for a share of the prize.

The utmost secrecy is preserv by. the
commission as to the inventions that have
been deemed of the highest merit, for it is
hot expected that the names of the winner
or winners will be announced within a month.
lt was practically decided to rule out all in-
ventions whose life-saving qualities depended
either upon any inflated belts, garments or
equipments, or which employed any material
shoes efficacy could be destroyed bY perfora-
tion. This decision very materially lessens
the range of likely winners, for the greater
part of the devices exhibited rely entirely
upon the buoyancy they impart to human
beings, providing against death by drowning

Inventions of this sort extend over an in-
finite range of ingenuity. The old-fashioned
life-beit idea is worked out in a bewildering
variety of methods, from the sanprens to the
most complicated system. One exhibitor con-
templates the presentation of a little pad of
rubber about as big as a card case to every
passenger who mounts the gangplank. “All
&@ passenger has to do,” says the inventor,
*is to hang the pad around his neck. If by
any chance he finds himself in the sea, the
pee will gel until it is buoyant enough to
oat an elephant.”

Another competitor for the prize exhibits
a set of life-saving pajamas which are “just
exe any other garment until the wearer falls

to the water, then they inflate of themselves
and it would take fifteen horse power to pull
them under.”

A French rubber manufacturer exhibits a
system of air pads that couldbe worn cone
stantly at sea, and require only about thirty

onds blowing to distend them from a per-
ectly flat state to the shape of toy balloons
capable of sustaining the weight of two men
fn the water

Stu] another inventor submits a species of
@utomatically inflating life belt, the principle
of which is based on the expanding influence
of Water on acetylene gaa, with which the belts
ere charged.

Many of these ingenious devices are perfect
in theory, but they apply a remedy only to the
cases of persons who have escaped from the
damaged ship to the raging sea outside. Most
of them would be useless, and some of them
suicidal, if worn by pasc*ngers on a ship afire,
for the elementa fe number of the devices are
explosive

Another inventor submits a mode] mattress
on which & passenger may sleep blissfully in

rs of repose, or float disdainfully in hours
of danger, but the time required to transform
the couch into a life saver is just about eight
times as much as is often needed for a hurried
p into eternity.

Some inventions are submitted to which the
Jury's objection to inflatable substances do
ot apply. One of these, invented by an old
nglish sea captain, has the merit of servi
a double purpose. If everything is going
right aboard ship, the th: looks just what it
fs, a comfortable arm chair. The seat of the
chair is formed by two transverse straps of
wide leather. If any sudden exigency neces-
Bitates the passenger going overboard. he un-
Straps the leather band, pulls the framework
of the chair up under his arms, and attaches it
there by fastening the straps over his shoul-
ders. The thing is light enough fora child to
handle, for beside the woodwork, the only other
things about the chair are two large tubes of
aluminum, charged with air. A projectin
bail, or sharp corner, or collision with a point
@>Ject in the water, inflicts little damage on this
life-saving apparatus

The cEhiDnt of lige rafts is lar : and varied.

ney are tnade of every possible substance
pe of every possible shape andaize. One

built on the architectural lines of a string
. linked sausages; most of them are doubled-
arrelled. and two or three have three or more
Air chambers. The catamaran idea is worked
out in extreme. For all of these rafts the
fame preéminent virtue is asserted-—unsink-
ableness, In most cases this merit was demon-
Strated by the expert testa, but other
Gualities were required too, the chief of
Which was their portability and get-at-able-
= Some of the inventors seemed to have
reotten all about this quality, or to have
Ssumed, perhaps, that steamship lines would
ep a supply of rafts floating about the ocean
o ordering the captains never to get ship-
necked unless a life raft was near.
“ ne of the most amusing examples of this
Penta, Absent-mindedness on the part of in-
mitted: 1s the model of a so-called life raft sub-
paved by a Hungarian ship carpenter. It
S shaped like a gigantic pear, and the interior
fore need in four stories. The lowest, a
Ing tear wbreellar, is laden with ballast weigh-
Dee mAny tons, so disposed as to keep the thing
right. Above that are the storerooms for
Provisions and general supplies. On the

id floor are the sleeping quarters and hos-
Poet above that the dining and living

wit',8 design for a floating model, the plan

xollent, but .
tisal bao life ‘ee it was somewhat imprac-

ot tne re would you put it aboard ship?” one
1} Ury, Asked the inventor,

eten” thought of that,” replied the Hun-
‘Why on the deck °
: ® deck, of course,” suggested

er juror. winking to his companion,

° “a8, dat’sa ¥

Put id on de deck? assented the inventor,

“But vou would h
"t+ 1ave to build a ship around
hive tc" chairman of the jury, “and it would
ber built four times wider than any ship

hosorsndtunearian's design did not get even

 

mention. Yet there was i

hie as an
wore yneed and that idea was admirably
anne out in other exhibits. Thus, a Frene
Warcation firm submitted a model of a big
ae ‘iner, which carried an enor-
with

 

at eauipped throughout and stored

rr rie r
featur’ of ae , for instant use. The

his invention consists e fac’
?

oath? lifeboat is not visible at wy By.
forward cattions. It is imbedded in the
Might « ne f the ship, and « passenger
Buspecting sore re a hundred times without
MhiD shold pe erence. But in case the big
Catalin be in danger of shipwreck, the

has the deck board cove:
ring the ~
eter a ae Hl — and vorders the a
wl down into their te
SE Parsencers wait. If the h pinoee. ere

to sink the occupants o! yi Seah

the lifebout

uside the |

  
 

| are safe. When the ship keels o end din
| appears beneath the waves, the lifeboat Is
released automatically, and ues out of the
foundering ve-sel, Air chambers make the life-
bout unsinkable, and a clever device is provided
| which enables the lifebout to resist the suction
from the sinking ani. ‘
A nearby exhibit from another French firm
of shi Duliders shows un uutomatically de-
tuchuble deck which separates itself from a
foundering steamship, and assures au safe
tylum to a hundred persons.
One of the most practical and effective of
the English inventions ix a steel life raft, built
in cellular compartments for air chambers.
One device efploys this raft a the captain's
bridge on an ocean steamer, Another shows
it stowed on top of the deckhouse. For both
of these methods a thorou my practical ap-
paratus with which the sh s equipped en-
ables two persons to launch the raft, ret
side up, wlth the utmost speed. When this
apparatus, hastily sprung into position by
turning a crank, is in place, the raft glides
smoothly to the seu surface, even if loaded
to its muxfmum capacity, Care or sails may
be employed as a motor for the raft
Other practical inventions are a series of pat-
ent davits, infinitely simplifying the usual
methods of shipping lifeboata By the use of
these davita, worked by powerful winches one
erated by two men, a boat with her full compli-
ment of passengera and stores already
aboard can be lowered in less than one minute,
, however rough the sea. An improved releas-

ing wear, operated by one person, erponangee
both ends of the boat simultaneously doing
away with thedangerous “hanging up’ of life-
boata, so often responsible for great loss of life.

A patent process4or closing bulkhead doors
is another practical British exhibit. The in-
ven tion is made applicable equally by electrictiy,
by hydraulic or steam pressure, or automatics
ally. By the simply turning of a lever, requir-
ing no expenditure of force whatever, all the
bulkhead doors of a ship may be closed simul-
' taneously from the captain's bridge or the chart
| house. Experts consider this a most valuable
contribution to the means of preventing whole
sale loas of life at sea.

An inventor of New York city sends a model
oi] rocket designed to spread oll on the sea, which
which has been often proved to be an effective
means of preventing dleaater ataea. The more
tar or cannon shoots a metal projectile a dis-
tance of a couple of hundred yards. The pro-
Jectile is loaded with of], which Is automatically
released by the impact of the falling object
against the water. The class jury were much
impressed by this invention. Another Ameri-
ean invention of a startling character is the
model of aship sent by a New Yorker, who has
patented a projecting rubber belt, fitted on rub-

r springs, covering the entire circumference

of the vessel. The purpose of this armor is to
serve as a buffer in case of collision, the inventor
considering that the elasticity of the rubber
would send two colliding ships bounding back
again like billiard balls

In fact, it would take a book to describe all
the clever, quaint, interesting, eccentric things
sent to the show. Even if the general result
did not warrant the award of the entire prize,
it is the unanimous opinion of the expert jury
that the exhibition has been a great step toward
the development of improved methods ef
life saving at sea

THE UNDERTAKING BUSINESS,

 

Changes in Practice That Have Developed
With the Modern Bartal Casket.

“Nowadays,” said an undertaker of long ex-
perience, “not more than 25 per cent. of those
who die in cities are buried in the old-fashioned
coffin: the reat are buried in the modern burial
casket. The percentage of caskets used is
still steadily increasing, and the only thing
that prevents its supplanting the coffin entirely
is ita greater cost. Up to within a very few
years the cheapest casket made was one cloth-
covered, selling at about $50 to $%. There is
now produced a casket of wood stained in imi-
tation of rosewood that is sold for #35. But
coffins, of coursg, are made much cheaper
than that. There are still made some fine
coffins of oak, costing considerably more,
but the great bulk of the coffins now used cost
considerably less and are used by poorer peo-
ple. Still I look to see the day when caskets
can be sold at a price so low that the coffin

;
|
|
will practically disappear,

“Even now in the warerooms of the big cas-
ket and coffin manufacturers the coffin is no
longer shown by sample. Coffins are, of course,
made still in great numbers in the aggregate,
but they are sold from the catalogue’ the place
they once held in the show rooms is now taken
up by the modern burial casket, which is made

|
'

in simply hundreds of styles, to which new
styles, caskets new in design or in finish, or in
some detail or other, are constantly being added

“In the old times when a coffin was just a
coftin, and that was all there was to it, and
the undertaker, who was perhaps a cahinet
maker as well, made the coffins that he sold,
he kept on hand, or he made to order, coffins
of any size or quality that might be needed
to meet any requirernent. He made coffins
of various niaterials and erades, but he could
eupply them all. Of course, he couldn't begin
to do that with the modern burial casket,
though he can supply a large majority of the
demands made upon him, because, whilethe
modern casket is made in such Very great va-
riety, yet the greater number of those sold
are comprised within fifty or fewer varieties
that are virtually standard styles, and com-
monly sold. The undertaker can easily keep
on hand a dozen or twenty or more styles of
caskets, and among these there is likely to be
found one suitable.

“But if there should not be, then, in these
days, the undertaker might sell a casket from
the casket manufacturer's catalogue, nowadays
a large and costly book, with a great number of
elaborate illustrations; or, in any large city, as
for instance here in New York, he might send or
take his customer to the warerooms of the
casket manufacturer, to make a selection there
The sale of the casket would be, of course, not
to the ultimate purchaser, but to the undertaker
This taking a customer to the showrooms of
the manufacturer is something peculiarly and
essentially modern. There was no occasion to
do so, to be sure, in the day of coffins, but, with
every one of them a vivid reninder of death. it
isn’t possible to think of anybody's looking
eat stock of coffins to make a selec-
tion, even if there had been such a stock to select
from. But here, as] was saying amoment ago,
there isn't a coffin in sight. There are seen
here—something as different from the coffin in
form and appearance as it is possible to make it
—burial caskets only. Caskets of carved oak
and mahogany, anki caskets of aluminum, and
caskets covered with cloth and with plush and
with various other fine fabrics, caskets in many
styles, and in black, and in white and in various
lors, it is truly a marvellous display; and
among these caskets, many of them elaborate
and beautiful, people look without a thought of
the dread that the old-time coffin inspired

“In old times a coffin was to be +een in an
undertekr's shop only upon occasions: now it
is not al: uncommon thing to see a burial casket
displayed there in a suitable showcase. Fora
long time now, though it is since the introduc-
tion of burial caskets, it has been a custom,
followed by many undertakers in the more
densely peopled parte of the city, to put in their
show window a child's burial casket: they
would never think of putting a little coffin there,
but the little casket is something very different
Sometimes, if there is room in a window, there
ia shown there a full-sized casket; but more
often such a display as that is made in a show-
case inside; and such displays might be seen
nowadays in undertakers’ establishments in
any part of the city, the casket thus shown
being one costing perhaps $500, but more likely
$1,000 or more. Commonly such displays would
be of a single casket: but in some establishments
nowadays there might be seen more than one,
and you might see a considerable number thus
displayed

“Some of this modern display is due, no doubt,
to modern, progressive ways of doing things,
which have entered into the undertaking busi-
ness just as they have into rere other. But
the possibility of it at all is due, like the other
changes I have mentioned to the casket itselt,
so far removed from that veritable symbol otf
death, the old-time coffin.”

THE AERIAL FIRE TRUCK.

through a

 

 

A Pretty Jolly Sort of Toy for the Amusement
of Bigger Boys.

Somewhat different from the toy engine
or truck that the small child drags about on
the sidewalk by a string is the aerial fire truck,
as it is called, made for the amusement of big-
ger boys This apparatus, exclusive of the
tongue, is about six feet in length, the wheels
being a foot or more in height. The tongus
handle can be grasped by two boys, consti-
tuting the team, or a drag rope can be made
fast to it, so that more boys can tally on to

whoop the truck along. There are two ladders
to this truck, lying one upon the other, and
carried like tne ladders on a fire truck. There
is a seat for the driver, this seat being so made
that it fits down upon the top of and over the
Jadders as they lie upon the truck when not
in use. When the ladders are to be used the
seat is thrown off.

The two ladders really constitute an exten-
sion ladder, which can he raised to a height
of about twelve feet, the raising being done
without removing the ladders from the truck,
by the operation of two cranks. Turning one
crank raises the two ladders, lying as they are
one upon the other, to the desired position up-
right; turning the other crank raises the ladder
that had been uppermost as they lay on the
truck, upward now in extension,

The aerial truck is sold as a plaything for
city use, but it is more often Used around a
country place, where there is more room and
oppostunity for its use. In such 4 place, where
a lot of youngsters can yank the truck off on
the dead run to some barn or high wall, there
to raise the ladders in a at hurry, while a
boy mounts to the top with a pail of water

they manage to get a t deal of fun an
Bt it, The coat of thie sizable

rere gee en

excitement out
and substantial toy is §

 

 

Se Sg SSS

Ko es

SF as =

 

RETURN OF THE OYSTER.

SEPTEMBER A MONTH OF DELIGHT
FOR THE EPICURE.

Popularity of the Medium-Sized Biuepoint
—Some Expert Opinion on the Prepara-
tion and Service of This Popular Shell-
fish—Hlow to Make the Oyster Cocktail,

The coming of September means far more
than the end of summer to the epicure, It
means the return of the oyster. Whether it is
because the four months’ fast puta the appetite
on edge or not, the native Sluepoint, most es-
teemed in this part of the country, never tastes
better than during the month of September.

There are many who eat oysters all summer
long, but acknowledged authorities maintain
that the shell fish is not at its best from the end
of April to the beginning of the coming month.
This is not because of the rhymed adage that
gives warning against the oyster during the
months that are spelled without an “R,"’ but for
the reason that during May, June, July and
August the oyster planters remove the beds
from warm shallow places to cold deep water
to prevent spawning. The planters do this so
they may meet the Summer resort demand, and
say that the bivalves are not injured by the
procesa, but epicures, as well as scientists, say
that the cheek injures the health and whole-
someness of the oyster.

The oyster enjoys universal favor, but tastes
vary as to the regionfrom which the bivalve
mustcome. The Southern Lynnhaven and the
Cape Cod are in great demand in some places,
The immense Rockaway oysters and the tawny,
mud-fed Shrewsbury enjoy a vogue, but above
and beyond all this the small, delicately fla-
vored Bluepoint in its deep corrugated shell
enjoys anational popularity. Asan introduc.
tory dinner course it is unsurpassed, boasting
a daintiness of taste that the other oysters, the
“fatf oysters," as the dealers call them, do not
possess, The English prefer the large raw
oyster on the flat shell, but the universal Amert-
ean call isfor the medium-sized Bluepoint on
the deep shell,

Within the past month orders have been
placed with all the dealers for a bountiful sup-
ply and on the menus of Saturday next the
oyster will occupy its proud position of first
place. The clubs and restaurants on that day
make a feature of oysters, and the demand for
them is always excessive

Statistics, often unpleasantly opposed to
general opinion, declare that it takes three
hours to digest the oyster. W. Mattien
Williams, who has written a “Chemistry of
Cookery,’ says ‘‘More than half a century bas
elapsed since Dr. Beaumont published the
results of his experiments on Alexis Saint
Martin. These showed that fresh, raw oysters
required two hours and fifty-five minutes to
digest, and stewed fresh oysters required three
and a half hours, against one bour for boiled
tripe, and three hours for roast or boiled beef
or mutton.”

Despite this there are few, even among pro-
nounced dyspeptics, who fear the effects of
oysters. They are often ordered by physicians
{n cases of illness where the stomach rebels
against more solid food

The late Thomas J Murrey, who attributed
various forces to particular foods and asserted
that the speeches of prominent statesmen to
whom he catered and with whom he was closely
associated, were tinged with the spirit of the
different viands they consumed, was a believer
in, almosta disciple of, the oyster. In oneof
his chapters on oysters he says:

‘Whether the nervous system of the oyster is
affected by the wiring system used by the oys-
ter shippers to prevent the opening of the shell
during transport is a question. Scientists tell
us that oysters possess organs of sensation, and
all who have handied oysters learn in time
that a sudden jar or shoek will kill them
The jar of the machinery of a steam-
boat will sometimes kill an oyster,
When shipped to Europe they are ordered to be
stored os far away from the machinery as poa-
sible. Some authorities claim that the oyster
can hear. One cannot noisily approach an

oyster bed at feeding time without their hear-
ing and instantly every shell isc osed. A cloud
or 4 boat pas-ing over an oyster bank will cause
every shell to close with proverbial tichtness,
andthe sound of thunder will also kill them
often, when they are in transit —conclusive
evidence that the nervous system in_an oyster,
while not highly developed, is of sufficient im-
portance to merit attention from those who
rougiily handle oysters.”

Many of the old recipe booka contain much
incorrect information as to the preparation and
serving of this food. while other vld autboritdes
dismiss the subject with afew vague and unin-
spired pawes, Notso with the newer writers,
who treat the subject of the oyster in a differ-
ent vein. These modern dictators of the cuisine
give the oyster an importance hardiy accorded
any other food in the list. certainly no other sea
food receives the same respecttul considera-
tion. ‘The ovster has been moving forward,
though the prejudice with whichit was ac-
cepted in the beginning has clung to it despe-
rately like another shell through generations.

The service of the oyster is a matter of special
importance. First, in the raw state, it ushers
in the dinner and its success means much to the
other courses Thespectacular ice block and
iceboat hewn out and filled with oysters, while
stil in demand with some old-fashioned diners,
savors somewhat of clambake methods, The
acknowledged form for the up-to-date service
is the deep plate packed with chopped, but not
melted, ice, the oysters planted rmly on top
and the plate set in a still larger one, The
quartered lemon should be served on a small
side plate. The china shops have some ex-
tremely new and pretty designs in these oyster
plates for the coming winter.

The oyster course shou!d not be placed upon
the table until the moment the dinner is to be-
gin. This is to avoid the melted ice overrun-
ning the shells, a feature common in restau-
rants and at too many private dinners; for this
ice water detracts sadly from the oysters’ flavor
Condiments and sauces are generally tabooed
by epicures, lemon being the only allowable ac-
companiment

Mr. Murrey gave Philadelphia the palm for
fried ovaters, a dish not associated with any
culinary excellence in New York, His recipe
for the preparation of the oyster in this style is
as follows:

“The average New Yorker may call the City
of Brotherly Love a sleepy sort of a place but
it is wide enough awake gastronomically. Jt
has within its city limits cooks who prepare
fried oysters that fairly melt in one's mouth
They are so delicate that there is nota pang of

 

.dyspepsia in a whole winter's sunply of the

toothsome dainties. The reputation of Finelli’s
Philadelphia fried oysters extends from Maine
to California: and immense sums have been
offered for the recipe, but the owner would not
sell his secret at any price.

“Beat up three eggs thoroughly: add halfa pint
of oyster juice, a pepperspoonful of cayenne,
asaltspoonful of black pepper, a tablespoon-
ful of salt and a teaspoonful o! English mus-
tard. Work the mixture toa batter and grad-
ually add a gill of oll. Now comes the most
particular part of the formula. Cover a board
or part of a table wit! a layer of cracker crumbs
half aninch deep. Drain fifty ovaters free from
liquid, place them on the cracker crumbs and
dredge over them more cracker crumbs, See
to it that one oyster ja not on top of another
Pick up each oyster by its beard and
dip it in. the butt'r Have rpedy a

uantity of bread crumbs grated from
the white part of state bread; spread
this out upon the table and after the oysters
have been dipped in the batter lay them care-
fully on the bread crumbs two inches apart
After they are all spread out. turn them over
neatly, which will bread-crumb the other side,
Dip them in the batter again by_ taking hold of
the beard and again spread them outon the
bread crumbs Under no circumstances place
one oyster on top of another nor in any way

ress them together; this would make them
veavy. When the fat isso hot that the smoke
from it would light a match, then fry them by
again taking hold of the beard, one at a time;
and dropping them into the fat. When they
are dark brown take them up and strew over
them a quantity of salt.

“The secret is in carefully handling the oys-
ter after i: has been breaded. How differentiv
New York restaurants serve fried oysters! In
almost every eating place in the city one sees
piles of oysters covered with batter that plainly
shows the cook purposely pressed them be-
tween his hands. When served they look more
like tiver pads than human food Nothing snort
of a human ostrich could poesitnz digest them.
The Philadelphia orster, however, is a culinary

oem,

PThe oyster is particularly adapted for the
blazer party. Many say that it can be cooked
to perfection only in a chafing dish. A good
method of preparing oysters quickly in this
way, desirable for its simplicity, is this: Put
into the chafing dish a teaspoonful of butter
add a dozen large oysters, a tablespoonful o
chopped table celery, salt and pepper to taste,
cover and simmer three minutes; add a wine-
lasaful o? good sherry, let simmer two minutes
onger, and serve on toast

A pan roist may be prepared in a chafin
dish by putting in the dis: a tablespoonful o'
butter; as itcreams add a dozen ‘arge ovate
a little salt and white peoper and half a pint o
oyster liquor; cover and cook two minutes,
Put a thin siice of neatly trimmed toast on a
hot breakfast plate: on {t put six of the oyster
and sufficient liquid to moisten the toast, an
serve. For a party of four double the quantity.

The main point to be observed in the cooking
of the oyster is the delicacy in handling. For

a sss SS

Nor ng

  
 

this reason the very simipleat methods will be
found the best, although there are of course
many more elaborate recipes which require the
taient of a practised cuef. The chafing dish
lends itself aptly to the cooking of the oyster
on accountof the simplicity of this style of
cooking.

Av one of the best known clubs in town the
chef is famous for his preparation of oxeiere
cooked in combination with tripe, which dish is
pronounced of unusual excellence when made
carefully after these directions, each rtion
being cooke’ s®parately in a chafing dish:

Thoroughly wash halt a pound of double tripe
in cold, well-salted water, drain and scald it,
When cold cutit into narrow two-inch strips.
then simmer. an hour in @ pint of clear soup
stock. Astalk of celery cooked with it is con-
sidered an Harrovement. Roll two ounces of
butter into little balls, roll them in flour and
add one ata time to the trine, stir continually
and asaoon as one is melted add another,
When all are used, simmer halt an hour longer,
put the tripe into an earthenware dish and when
cold place in the ice box until morning, When
wanted, warm up the tripe in the chafing diab
at table, add eighteen mediun) oysters, simmer
three minutes season with salt and wuite pep-
per and serve on thin toast.

The oyster cocktailand the oyster sandwich
are two modern inventions not looked upon
kindly by oyster lovers who prefer their favor-
ite shellfish in its natural state, untouched by
spices or condiments. The callous palate of the
end-of-the-century man or woman, however,
weloomes the oyster cocktail, which can be
prepared at home much better than asit is
usually served.

Have smail, freshly-opened bluepoints. Ina
cold bowl! place some finely chipned ice, the
oyster liquor, lemon juice, horseradish, tomato
catsup, Worcestershire sauce, tabasco, pepper,
paprika, salt. Beat up this mixture thoroughly;
add the ¢ yaters just before serving and send to
the tabie in cold, thin ale glasses, three quarters
filled, each glass ona breakfast plate with an
orner fork. The proportion for each person is
about ten emall oysters, juice o! half a lemon,
half an ale glass of tomato cateup and the other
condiments added to taste. The liquid mix-
ture should not be too thick,

The oyster sandwich is a variation of the club
sandwich. The oysters are boiled in this way:

Rub the bars of a wire broiler with a little
aweet butter; dry twelve large, plump oysters
in a napkin and place them on the broiler;
brush a lite butter over them and broil over a
fire free trom flame and smoke. Pour a little
melted, well-seasoned butter over them and ar-
range on crisp lettuce between two slices of
toast. This will be found admirable.

For those who insist on a “‘relish’’ to accom-

any raw oysters the following is very good:

wo tablespoonfuls of finely chopped white
onion, a teaspoonful of English-made mustard,
a dozen drops of tabasco sauce, half a tea-
spoonful of salt, atablespoonful of horse rad-
ish, asaltspoonful of white pepper and a gill of
strong white vinegar. Mix and let stand a few
minutes and puta very little on each oyster,

 

MR. PUCKETT OF SARATOGA,

Superintendent of the Racetrack an Inter-
esting Figare.

SARATOGA SprINos, Aug. 25.—-The visitor to
the springs cannot fail to notice several times
a day a stout, grav-headed, ruddy-cheeked
old gentleman in a light four-wheeled vehicle
of rather ancient manufacture drawn by a
little raw-boned and decidedly venerable black
horse. This old gentleman wears always a
tall-crowned black slouch hat with a very wide
brim, and a white linen shirt which {ts very
much in evidence on account of the wearer
being always in his shirt sleeves.

Everybody who is anybody from all over
the United States knows this jovial old gen-
tleman of the shirt slaeves and salutes him re-
spectfully and heartily as he drives to and from
the village and the racetrack. From Mr
Foxhall Keene, behind his new pair of faultiess
high-action chestnuts, from Richard Croker,
seated beside Fire Commissioner Scannell, and
drawn by the latter’s prancing bays, from the
Van Wycks, both Mayor and Judge, it is always
the same cordial wave of the hand and the
hearty salutation, “Good day, Mr. Puckett!”

“Old Puckett,” as he is called by every man,

woman and child in the village of Saratoga,
probably. to distinguish him from his two sons
who are following in his footateps, is the super-
intendent of the Saratoga racetrack. At least
such is his official title; but it does not begin
to express all that Mr. Puckett is. In Horse
Haven
stables and where Mr. Puckett lives in his cot-
tage all the year round, he ts the President and
Board of Trustees of his own Saratoga Village,
not less important and busy in its way than
the corporation proper just outside of which
it is located. As the racing season approaches,
the South, the West and the East send their
delegations of horses to the springs, for among
horsemen it is acknowledged that now here
does the thoroughbred receive such @ fitting
preparation for a successful fall campaign as
at Horse Haven. Accompanying these hun-
dreds of horses is a perfect army of stable boys,
rubbers, exercise boys, trainers and owners.
Most of them must be quartered with the horses
at Horse Haven. The larger and more im-
vortant stables bring with them their own
household paraphernalia and a Chinaman to
do their cooking. All of these people have
their own ideas as to which are the best “sites*
in the Horse Haven colony, not only for horses
but for men, and there is a rush and seramble
for choice locations, “This stable is too dark
and that one too light,” “this has too much
shade in front and that one has no shade what-
ever,” ¢as for this corner stable, it is all right
and the very place for such and such a horse.’
As their opinions are apt to conflict, and as the
stable element is not particularly good na-
tured after several nights on the cara, to please
everybody from owner to cook and soothe
discordant feelings requires the skill of a
diplomat. This diplomat is Mr, Puokett, and
what Puckett says in Horse Haven goes
Just when Mr. Puckett became identified with
the Saratoga race track is a thing that nobody
geems to know, and it is equally hard to find

out the exact time at which he came to be known |

as “Old” Puckett. It is certain that in some
capacity he was employed about the track
baek in the days of John Morrissey, and it is
equally certain that for years.there has not
a nail been driven inthe grandstand of betting
ring or clubhouse, or @ stroke of paint admin-
istered to the mile and a half of fence outside
the track that Mr. Puckett did not suggest
the job and «ive it his personal supervision,

LURE poe mom ae ee

 

 

|

 

where the thoroughbreds have their |

He knows every flower that blooms in the great |

flower beds which beautify the exterior lawns,
and directa their care, and the satherty interest
which he takes in the entire establishment
must have caused his two sons many a pang of
ealousy. Infact the track is the Joseph among
is children. and he has brought the brethren
up to bow down and worship it, and the entire
family are in bondage to it--of course, on a
liberal salary. Winter or summer, Puc<ett
never leaves his work, and people hate to stop
and talk about just what might happen to the
Saratoga racetrack if in the natura course
of evente he ever should. As soon as the snow
is gone he is busy getting the track ready for
the races. and the very day after the races are
over he is equally busy getting the track ready
for the snow. Then during the winter he is
busy watching it hibernate. Incidentally, in
the hibernating season Mr. Puckett hides
his shirt sleeves in an ample frock coat, puts
on a linen tie of snowy whiteneas, and takes
in every dance from Saratoga to Ballston,
invariably selecting as his partners the youngest
among the prettiest girls in the room. He
ean dance wlth a dignity and grace that make
most of the young stock look like counterfeits,
and his gallant and good-natured compliments
to his partners as they meet in the “all hands
around” bring a color to their_pretty faces
no less ruddy than his own. e is always
the last to go home, and the next mornin
says that he feels as fresh as a two-year-old

Mr. Puckett never was known to lose his
temper under the most trying circumstances,
but he has a way of making himself felt in case
of emergency. On one occasion a colored
bov who was taking care of a very valuable
thoroughbred came to Mr. Puckett and com-

lained of the stable where he was quartered

uckett accompanied him to the box stall
and, ignoring the boy, began to address his
volley of remarks to the horse. which rubbed
its nose against him in affectionate recognition,
“Pretty comfortable ain't you,” began the old
man, returning the animal's demonstrations;
“Lookin’ well, too, ain't you? An’ not com-
plainin’ a bit. Well, vou only cost $40,000,
an’ so can't be expected to be stuck up. You're
only worth your weight in gold; that's what
you are. As for your pa and ma, and grand-
sire ard eranddam on both sides of vourfamily,t
they were only racehorses. They couldn’
boast of drawing any street cars, could they?
No! All they could do was to win stake races
and lower records and have the grandstand
ell itself hoarse over them and carry ‘away
Lvesahaee made out of roses. Thats the
sort o' atock you come from, an’ it's no wonder
vou're content with where I put you. Now
if vou was a real jet black, crap shootin’ high-
collar-on-Sunday stable boy whose folks used
to work in the cotton flelds and whose grand-
sire and geranddam were gorillas in Africa,
I'd build a new stall for you an’ put diamonds
in for windows an’ get you a carpet instead
of straw an’ change your diet from oats to
ice cream. But seein’ that you're only just
a plain 840,000 horse, you can stay right where
you are

Before the old man had finished the stable
bor had fled.

Puckett ia in no sense of the phrase aaporting
man, but he has the horseman’s true love for
the thoroughbred. As the different stables
arrive in the early. summer he welcomes his
old friends among the horses and talks to them
asa host would toaformer guest. His memory
for horses is wonderful and he is well up in
the pedigrees of the thoroughbred. He will
talk to a new acquaintance among the two-
year-olds like this:

“Glad to see you, youngster.” petting the
animal and almost invariably making friends
with it. “Favor your sire, don't vou? Verv
same limbs. only where did you get that other
white foot? Only one white mark to him I re-
member—What! Don't lav those eare back
to me. Why, your father'd turn in his grave
if vou oe take pe fe. olde goon show
gome speed ust out o o his memory.
f you don't, youand I will have trouble.”

 

Se
. PPR: ~~
- \

\

26, 1900.

 
   

 

THE TWO GHOST CHILDREN,

UNCLE JOSHUA'S STORY OF AN OLD
SOUTHERN PLANTATION,

 

 

The Haunted House and Its Lonely Occa-
pants—Described, as Well as Double Life
of the Bereaved Mother—The Awakening
and the Departure of the Ghost Children,

“Yessir,” said the old darky, setting himself
on the hard seat and allowing his horse to take
on a comfortable jog trot; “I done live all my
life in dese pahta, an' I don' hanker after no city
ways nur no city niggers. I neber knowed but
one city nigger, an’ she wu'ked for ole Miss
Hanna. Miss Hanna lib in dat ole place you
kin see now troo de trees, Looks like it wuz
hanted? Well, suh, I tells you right now it had
ought to be; not to ‘sinuate, but what it is ter
my suttin knowlidge.”

A beautiful Southern home, equarely built,
white and gleaming, was barely visible among
the oaks and magnolias. Far away the cane
fields stretched to the horizon. Nearer the
little village clustered about asnowy spire that
seemed to be its nucleus, But gloomy masses
of trees and vines separated the mansion from
the outer world, and there was about it in the
waning summer light an unearthliness, a spir-
ituality that suggested the unseen fairy world

the true ghost land of the past.

“Five year ago,” continued Uncle Joshua,
“I went to wu'k at dat house. Ole Une’ Jim,
who'd been dere twenty year, died. He wus
@ queer ole nigger; neber open his mouf to no
one; an’ Miss Hanna say she want some trus'-
worthy pusson, Ev'ybody heah knows what I
is, 80 I ain't had no trouble gettin’ de place
wid good wages an’ little to do. But, auh, I
tells you, ebery silver linin’ has its cloud.

“Miss Hanna wuz pretty till the day she died;
quiet an’ easy, wid big sof’ eyes an’ gray hair
an’ skin like de dog roses in April. An’ she
look at you like she los’ sunfin’, an’ you might
tell her where it wus. FEberyting was com-
fortable, de meals good, but dere wuy a cur’ous
feelin’ inside dat house., No one wuy in it but
Miss Hanna an’ Sara, the city wumman I done
mention, She wuz a yaller pusson wid straight,
black hair an’ eyes like coals. I am ‘bliged to
‘mit she wuz specifically good lookin’, but she
done treat me bad. She wuz de only lady what
ever refused my matermonial advances. But
ahe wu'k hahd fur Miss Hanna, an’ she open
her mouf ‘bout as little as her mistis, which
wus not at all,

“My wu'k wuz principerly outdoors, but I
sho’ did git lonely an’ suppressed in dat house,
Dere wuz a great hall wid cullud winders an’
emen standin’ aroun’ made out uf iron what
‘aca’'ed you in de dusk; an’ dere wuz big deer
horns an’ stuffed animals an’ black picters what
looked like dey ought ter be scrubbed. Miss
Hanna call 'em ole masters, but what dey wuz
I neber made out, Her husban' was a great

hunter, an’ dey say dem beas‘es all around he
done killed. An’ dere wuz two big stuffed
houn’s what wuz his; but no live cat nur dog,
an’ all dem glass eyes wud glare at you in @
dark. It wus all big an’ lonesome an’ creepy.
But I didn’ know eberyting till one night Sara
wuz dreadful sick. She come out an’ call me.
“Une Joshua,” she say, ‘can't you come git
supper ter night an’ wait on Madam? I can't

hole my head up no longer, An’ Bi pay
A aalaaae to anything cur’ous., Hit's all
right.’

1 liked Miss Hanna, an’ 1 wuz sorry fur
her, So I came in an’ Sara went ter bed. I
built upa good fire in de hall, ‘cos it wuz late
fall an’ a drizzlin' rain outside; an’ de wind
ex’ howlin’. Den Miss Hanna call me ter
yring some wood upstairs, whar I'd neber
been.

“Well, suh, ef hit wuz cold an’ dark down-
stairs, de room Miss Hanna was in beat ebery-
ting. Dere wuz two big lamps burnin’, a
red carpet on de flo’, a bright log fire. De
cuhtains wuz white lace ober scarlet; de walls
wuz full of Jubly picters--not ole masters,
but reel picters; an’ all ober little rock in'-chairs,
doll Sables, hobbyhorses, fairy books, an’
Gourd knows what. In two corners wuz little
white cribs wid skeeter bars drawn. An’ in
de middle wz a little roun' table wid a clean
clowf, an’ two little blue plates, wid little knives
an’ fohks an’ spoons.

‘Miss Hanna wuz smilin' an’ wore a long
blue gown wid white lace down de front. She
looked like a young wumman. ‘I'll take my
tea up here, Une Joshua,’ she say, ‘an’ don’
fergit de chillun’s supper.’

“What dat, ma‘arn? | ask

“Oh, oatmeal for two, an’ bread an’ butter
an’ jam an’ two cups o' milk You know I
jes’ take tea an’ crackers.’ An’ she put two
little high chairs up to de table an’ git two
little white bibs outen de armur

“Well, 1 wen’ downstairs an’ git de supper,
an’ car'y itup. Ole Miss wuz still smilin’, an’
she had a doll in her han’ an’ wuz puttin’ a
fine dress on it. She got me ter put mo’ wood
on de fire, an’ fixed all de supper in dem little
ates, Den 1 went down; but erbout an hour
ater 1 came up agin wid mo’ wood, De do’
wuz shut, but I herred a voice an’ I listened
suh: yes, I did. Fur ‘twuz ole Miss Hanna's
voice, but so sweet an’ happy it might a ben
an angel's. An’ she wuz sayin’

‘so Cinderella put on de little glass slipper,
an’ all de trumpets blew. Den de Prince tuk
her by de han’ an’ kiss her. An’ dey had a
big weddin', an’ de fairy godmother came;
an’ Cinderella wo' a won'erful silver dress
dat de fairies made, an’ de glass slippers, Now,
darlin, no mo’ to-night. Hit'a bedtime. Kneel
down, bofe of you, by mudder.’

Den hit wuz quiet a little, an’ I heah Miss’s
voice, 'ow, low, an’ like de win’ at night in de
pine trees

‘Now ILlay me down ter sleep,
I prays de Lohd my soul to keep;
Ff 1 should die befo' I wake
I prays de Lord my soul to take.”

“ ‘God bless little Harry and little Edith, an
make dem good chilluns; an’ God bless mamma
an’ ev'ybody; foh Jesus sake, amen.’

“Den I heah Miss Hanna cross de flo twice,
slow like she ca‘yin' sumfin heaby. An’ I
heahs er kisa, jes’ as sof’ an’ a little murmur
like ‘good-night’; an’ I come downstairs.

“Nex’ mornin’ I had to ca'y breakfa's up-
stairs, grits an’ bacon, an’. Johnnycake an’
merlasses an’ milk agin. De little table waz
fixed. an’ eberyt'ing clean, De cuhtains wuz

ulled erside an de sunlight came in. De

ds wuz made, de rooms straight an’ Miss
Hanna sat by de fire sewin’ er little pink an’
white dress all lace an’ ruffles. She had on
anudder pretty gown an’ smiled at me agin’,
but when she come down later ter see how ! ara
wuz she wah her black dress, same as eber an
looked as sad an’ gloomy. |. f

“But I notice dat day two li'l’ picters hangin
in de hall, dey wuz two bootiful chilluns, bofe
smilin’ an’ lookin’ like angels. An’ when Sara
wuz up I ast her who dev wuz. She say ‘Miss
Hanna's |i!’ chilluns; Harry an’ Edif, Dey
died twenty rear ago de same day of yaller
fever, Harry was tree years and Edif two,
and tev Edif wuz born after her pa died. Den
I tell Sara what I seen an’ heern’ an’ she git
madan’ say ‘I knows how ter’ hold my tongue
an’ vou better learn, too, or you gwine lose yoh
job.” Den I gita mad. SoT done kep my mouf
shet.

“Onoet or twicet I went upstairs atter dat
an’ Miss Hanna wuz always in dat room wif
toys an’ flowers aroun’, an’ she wuz always

gay an’ smilin’ an’ sewin'’ lil cloes
Sometimes at night I could hear her troo de
winder singin’ sof: ‘Li'l Bo Peep’ or ‘By Baby
By’ or ‘Tree Li'l Kittens.” =

“But Miss Hanna wuz eitten thinner an
whiter. Sara would cook nice li'l tings, but
she wouldn’ tech im. Downstairs she neber
smile, Folks cem ter see her sometimes; rich
folks in fine kerridges, enI hedto git out bottles
of ole wine fer em, an’ Sara always hed fine
cake on han’. Dat nigger wumman wuz er
good cook en pow'ful smart, but I neber had
no use for city folks, neither yaller ones. Sara
done marry er fool preacher.

“Miss Hanna hab a niece, athin, pale wumman
wif big blue eyes an’ white ez her aunt. Sara
fay she wuz pretty oncet. She may ed some
so white trash an’ Miss Hanna didn’ like hit,
Vir husban’ wuz crippled up an’ de niece had
five ohilluns, so she wuz @ seemster an’ wu'k
day an’ night, dey tell me, Miss Hanna gib
her a little ebery munt’ an’ promise her a lot
when she die; but she wuz mad an didn’ care
if Miss Brookes (de niece) did hab to wu'k hahd,
She would neber see none ob de chilluns an
she treated Miss Brookes like & oo Miss
Brookes woah rusty clothes an’ walked an
always hed a bundle of tings wid her what she
boun’ to deliber somewhere.

“One day Miss Hanna look bery bad. Dere
wuz big black marks unner her eyes. But she
would come down an’ look at eberyting to see
if hit's clean, Hit.ewuz a spring day an’ warm,
De flowers wuz in bloom, an’ honeysuckles an
sweet olives an’ magnoly, an’ pussy eats. Sut
ole Miss didn't open de winders, Long erbout
noon Mias Brookes come in, an’ Gawd! she wuz
white an’ mizerble, an’ could hardly walk wif a
big bundle she wuz earryin’. She come in an
set by Miss Hanna in de big hall, an’ tell her
sumfin, sumfin her hushan' done, I bellebe,
what make her aunt madder'n eber I see any
one. I wuz comin’ in wid some w« when
heard voices, and I done wait outaide de do’ til
de ladies finish ejaculatin® Ole Misa wus
sayin’

“T wud ha’ done for you always; but you
always gone against my will ou wouldn’
study what I wanted, you Jined achu'ch I hated;
you ma’y'ed a man I wouldn’ step on; you hada

ack of wretched-of-of-of-chilluns, you sewed
ur a livin’ against my will. Now is wust
uball,an' you lowed it; you advised it. 1 am
done wid you an’ Herbert Brookes;’ an’ all de
time her Voice wuz even an’ steady and quiet,

neber felt so. I always wu'ked hard fur you
hen I wuz ia youh house, and when little
arry an’ Edith died I wuz only a chile, an’ I

neber hed ped ap fever. but! wif ‘em night

oe en ee a te ny eee

an’ dat las’ night don't you ‘membe® how little
Edith hel’ my han’ an’ kissed me, an’ sald: ‘Dear
dear, Mageaie, when her li'l’ bref had ‘mos let
her? You neber me, Aunt Margaret,
but yoh babies did. Den I cu'd hear Miss
Hanna git to her feet; an’ she called ‘Joshua!
in sech a voice [ neber heerd before, an’ 1 cum
in a trimblin’ an she wuz standin’ straight, her
head trown back and her eyes like coals ub fire.
An Miss Brookes wuz sobbin’ by de mantel-
plece,

“‘Joshua,’ sez Miss Hanna, an’ her voice wuz
low, but like a bell. ‘Show dis wumman out.
Den saddle de brack mare an’ ride fas’ as you
kin fer my lawyer, Mister Bradley, Tell him to
come dis night, 1 wish tomake a new will an
leave ebery cent to our university, Den she
walk upataire like a queen, an’ po’ Miss Brookes
crope out de house, an’ I went ter saddle Rosina.

“Mist' Bradley live ten mile off: so when
come back ‘twuz late evenin’. De yard smelled
sweet, an’ de little birds wuz tellin’ each uver
good night. Rosina wuz liinpin’ an’ cubbered

wid foam, But I rub her down an gib her a
big meal. Den I went myself fer sumfin ter
eat. Sara wuz cryin’, but she got me a good

stipper, an I set on de back steps eatin’ it, an’
Sara come an set near me. Hit look like she
wan’ some symperthy, ‘kase she hedn't been
80 sosherble sence I done perpose two weeks
belo’. Tas’ her how ole Miss, en she say; Jock
in de room sence Misa Brookes lef’, ‘an’ T wy,
‘Mist’ Bradley comin’ erbovt & o'clock.’ Hit
wuz den near 7, An’ Sara shake her head,
but when_I finish she say: ‘Come in de house
wit me. I'm ekeered,’ So I come in :

“De lil’ moon wuz jes’ up like silber, an’ de
sky wuz pale yeller, but indo’ twaz light encugh
ter see tron de cullud winders ob de big hall.
Sara say: ‘Come upstaths an’ tell Miss Hanna
Mist’ Bradley's comin’. But when we got, to
de staihs some one wuz comin’ down wif lil’,
lil’ steps. So we waited, and when dey came
ora de dark we see ‘twuz two lil’ chilluns in
white

“We couldn’ see dey faces, but dey wuz todlin
‘down han’ in han’, an’ dey haide shone like gol’,
an when dey came close dey smiled at us, an we
could see dey lil’ faces like lil’ white magnolias.
An’ dey pasa out de front door an’ wuz gone
befo’ we got our bref. But Sara she kinder
gasp an say: ‘Master Harry! Miss Fdif!’ Deno
she trow her apern ober her haid. But in er
minit we walk upstairs.

“De do’ wuz open, de do’ Mies Hanna done
keep lock all day, an’ on de flo’ wuz all de toys
an’ udder fings. But at firs we didn’ see ole
Miss. When we foun her she wuz kneelin’
by one ub de little cots, de littles’ one, an’ her
face wuz turn up an’ smilin’, But she never
spoke nor moved when we teched her, De
winder wuz open, an' de yaller roses hed clumb
aroun’ it, an’ one branch wuz in de room, an’
in de eky de stars wuz comin’ out, But de
Vil’ chilluns wuz gone, an’ ole Miss’s soul mus’
hev pass wif ‘em outen de fron’ dore into de
moonlight, an’ de amell of de roses.”

 

COUNTERFEIT COINS,

Skilifal Work in This Line Done by Some of
the More Expert Counterfetters.

From the Washington Erening Star

“It ia not always easy to detect counterfeits
of gold and silver coins,” said Director of the
Mint Roberts, “especially where they are of
good weight and extra fine finish, and the pe-
eculiar slippery surface by which many coun-
terfeita may be detected is absent.

“The public in their haste in the exchange
of money should find time to serutinize with
care each coin asitis handled. There is always
much counterfeit coin in circulation; no more
now, perhaps, than in previous years, The
Secret Service agents have been especially
active recently, and their efforts have been
productive of the most gratifying success
in detecting counterfeits and securing con-
victions

“Our presses at the mints are extremely
heavy, weighing 13,000 pounds, Naturally
a piece of gold or silver struck from their dies
is as nearly perfect aa it is possible to make
a coin. Yet counterfeiters, with their light
presses and dies, manage to dosome very clever
work. The product of moulds, a favorite
method with the smaller fry of counterfeiters,
is inferior to that of the dies. The absence
of the clear-cut appearance of the genuine
coin, the defective weiglit, the imperfect let-
tering and milling and the indistinct reading
on the outer edge of the coin are the distin-
guishing characteristics which guide the public
in detecting coins thus made. Italians are
the greatest offendera against the law with
mould-made counterfeits. The most expert
turners out of metal counterfeits have been
regular makers of dies who wanted to get rich
quickly.

“The standard of gold made by our mints
is .900 fine, or 21.19 karate. The English stan-
dard is .016 fine. A new $20 counterfeit is prob-
ably a counterfeit of gold, copper and silver,
the gold being of low grade, I have, however,
known of counterfeits which were 00 fine,
and they range down to 400 The facsimiles
are often quite perfect, with a clear ring and
sharp, well-appearing lettering and milling
being well calculated to deceive those who are
not used to the handling of coins,

“Counterfeit gold coins may be executed with
such exquisite precision that they will pass mus-
ter under the eyes of bank tellers ana others
used to the hanaling of coins, though the average
teller generally cetects aspurious coin on sight.
But none get by our Treasury experts. Their
faculty, the result of years of stuay and handling
of coins, in detecting a counterfeit is mar-
velious. They seem to know a spurious coin
by instinet, though it is really the result of
training. Yet even these men, as skilful as they
are, occasionally have doubts raised in their
minds as to whether a coin is cut in half or
not. If suspicious, the coin is cut in half, or
it {is assayes herein the building, and its
exact weight and fineness are aetermined.

‘Coins are now and then turned inte
Treasury upon the supposition that they are
counterfeits, because they fail to give that
peculiar clear ring of a genuine gold piece
though they present otherwise the appearance
of being genuine. This singular incongruity Is
accounted for by the fact that the coin has a
small blowhole in the interior of the metal, or
the flaw consists of a crack or split ne&r the
eige. Experts know where to look for these
imperfections imperceptible to others, and
with a powerful magnifying glass they are
quickly made manifest.

“If the public will remember the three cardinal
points ip determining the spurious from the
genuine, which are ised by the Treasury
experts, it will be a difficult matter to pass off a
counterfeit upon one who is accustomed to
handling money. We call them the test of
weignt. diameter and thickness.

“It has been demonstrated that counterfeiters
do not combine these three requisites with
spurious metals. One or the other, or all, are
sufficient. Bear this test in mind, note care-
fully the weight, ring, size, impress, milling
and reecing, all of which requisites may be
taken in with aglance, and one will always carry
about with him apretty good detector.

“The men who make it their business to cheat
the Government out of gold adopt several

roceases. [ saw a coin recently which had

een ‘filled’ so cleverly that the fraud was ap-
arent only upon the closest examination. The
en-dollar and twenty-dollar pieces are mostly
used for this operation. The coin was sawed
through from the eige by a saw of minute pro-
portions and exquisite fineness, the interior re-
moved and the cavity filled with platinum,
which brought the piece up to atandard weight,
though it lost three-quarters of its value. It
wave forth a good ring. If it had been filled
with a base metal other than platinum it would
have lacked the ring and been of light weight.

“In some of these filled coins the exterior
walls of gold are as thin as ordinary writing
paper noe the cavity is filled the sides are
clamped into the original position and brazed
together. The edges are skilfully recovered
with gold, the reeding or the minute corruga-
tions or ridges on the edge restored, and the
coin will pass readily in the hands of the unsus-
pecting. Sometimes only half of the interior
will be removed The rereeding may be done
with a fine file or a machine

“The most dangerous tampered coins are
those which have been ‘plugged,’ don't
mean plugged as the word is ordinarily accepted
and as we see every day in the silver coins, but
where the skilful counterfeiter gets out as high
as one-sixth of the weight of a ten-dollar or
twenty-dollar piece. The coin is pierced by
boring a hole in the edge and the gold extracted
from this diminutive aperture. It is’ then
plugged with platinum, the surface of the
aperture covered with genuine metal and the
reeding restored with a file. Inasmuch as the
coins are genuine and the minute hole in the
edge so adroitly covered, these tampered with
pieces pass from hand to hand until the gold
on the edae wears off and the deception becomes
aprarent

“Of the twenty-dollar gold piece there are
four well-known counterfeits of the respective
issues, fourteen of the $10, thirty-five of the $5,
and seventeen of the $2.50. he one-dollar
gold piece is out of general circulation, but
nine issues were counterfeited.

“For example, there are two counterfeits of
the five-dollar issue of 1844, made of platinum:
diameter, thickness and weight up to the stand-
ard and heavily gold plated. Counterfeits of
$5, dated 1862 and 1860, are struck from a die,
weight and thickness correct, and made of gold-
plated platinum. Those dated 1881 and 1883
are the most dangerous we have. The weight
of a five-dollar gold piece is 129 grains. These
counterfeits weigh but three-tenths of a grain
ae and were worth, assayed value, 48.

e assay value of manyof the counterfeit pleces
is from $3 to $3.50.

“Some of the counterfeit coins are vier
than standard weight, though this will strike
the average person as improbable. A ten-
dollar piece weighs 258 grains. The counterfeit
of the date of 1855 weighs seven grains in excess
and has a fine aprearance, se heavy coins
are made of platinum. Of $2.50 plece loo)
out for t dated 1862. It is within one-half
a grain of standard weight, composed of plati-
So ee ‘old Vataain ohare’ be tected
ol yo ng ¥ may
be worn off.” i :

the

7 reheat ae +e

 

 

|CLOSE SEASON ON CAMELS,

| AN ARIZONA GAME WARDEN'S DIS«

COVERY OF AN OLD STATE LAW.

Didn't Get a Chance to Use It Until a Cire
cus Came From Mexico and Then He
Collected Some Fees--One Occasion When
a Clreas Didn't Take All the Town's Money,

“In some respecta it is fortunate for the
management of this monster aggregation of
wild animals for the education of the masses,"
said the man from Arizona at the Zoo, “that
they are not attempting to conduct this show in
my Territory, They would surely find them-
selves up against the law with a lotof fines to
pey and confiscations to suffer.

“L'il tell vou how come to know about the
fines and forfeitures that would nit the manage-
ment of any Zoo that should exhibit camels in
Arizona. That information I obtained as @
public official of the territory. Two or three
years ago I was by no means on the easy atreet
on whose shady side I have been sincemp
mining propositions have developed so well. Ip
fact it was hustle all the time, andanything thas
had any money attached toit, no matter how
small, Was sureto get my earnest considera-
tion. So one day when | wasup at Phenixand
was walking past the Capitol the Governor called
to me out of the window and told me to come
up right away and he'd give me an office, That's
athing might happen to most anybody out
there, at least if his polities were the right kind,
and as my errand wasn't a very pressing one
anyway, I just naturally went up to the Gov-
ernor's room to get my office, and I was hoping
it would be worth while. Well, I gave the Gov-
ernor a fist full of Mexican cigars, smuggled, of
course, when I was last in Nogales, and the
Governor he fetched out the bottleand gave me
adrink. [remember w that was the errand
I was on when he sung out to meabout becoming

an officeholder, so I didn't lose by it, anyway.

He said it was pretty late in the season foro -

fices,and the crop*was pretty nearly all gathered,

but he'd had me in mind all along for some
place where he wanted a man he could count
on. Now he'd got just the place for me, and he
| wanted ne to be game warden. There was no
| salary, but the fees were whatever I might earn
by prosecuting those who broke the law.

“Now, when I came to study up the law Ilsaw
there wasa whole lot of things I couldn't do,
Do vou suppose if a prospector stumbled on an
antelope or a bunch of quaii that L was going
to prosecute him? Why, you couldn't get @
jury in the whole territory to convict in such a
case, I soon saw that my fees weren't going to
be any too big. Almost the first thing that
happened tome made me feel like a fool.
went into the Mammoth restaurant down at
Tucson toget a biteto eat and ordered some
brook trout. The waiter looked at my badge
sort of sharp like ana then he told me thathe
was sorry but they were not allowed to serve
trout inthe cloxe season, but he'd bring me
some sea bass. If it hadn't been that I had the
utmest confidence in the boys that were run-
ning the Mammoth I could have sworn that sea
bass wastrout. That was the way it wasal:

| Along the line, the law was broken by poor
devils that Ishculd have felt ashamed to prose-

cute or else it was by my best friends, and the
castom in Arizona at that time was that a pubs

| official did not prosecute his friends. fi
hadn't been for a few Eastern tourists
shouldi't have amassed a on fee.

“But I became thoroughly familiar with that
law and I saw a possibility of fees if only a cere
tain contingency were to happen. It was bull
luck. but that very thing did come to pass, A
circus came into Arizona, and I grees it was
the very first on record. You might not think
it much of a show and really itdid not amount
toawreat deal, Itlad been touring down in
Mexico and it had made slathers of money. But
the one thing about this circus that interested
me. wasthecamels. Ithad a dozen of them
and they were used about as much for beasts of
burden as for exhibition purposes. If that office
ot Game Warden was to be worth anything to
me atall, that bunch of camels must make it
valuable

“L waited patiently until the circus had gotten
several show towns into the Territory and then
I felt sure of them. When the circus was giving
its opening parade one morning I went before a
Justice of the Peace and swore out warrants
against the railway for violation of the Game
law in transporting the camels of the circus,
When they came into court they listened to my
side of the case, and they just gaveright up,
for they saw I had them dea to righta—that is,
the railroad people did, for 1 had said nothing
as yetto the circus crowd. They put in no de«
fence and I consented to @ suspension of sen-
tence, for they were all friends of mine, and
down our way it never is good policy to be at
outs with the railway.

“Pretty soon the cirous was ready to move on
tothe next town. But there was a diMicuity;
the railway would not permit them to load their
camels and said that I was the one tosee. The
circus manager came to me instanter or per-
haps twice as quick. Circus business must bea
trying one on the nerves, for this circus man
was mad clear through and his conversation
betrayed it until finally it got so sultry that I
had to remind him that in Arizona we hada
way of punctuation that made men careful
how they spoke
‘But you're holding up my show,’ he ex-
claimed; ‘the railway people say you have fore
bidden them to carry me out of town.’

“**Not at all,’ L replied; ‘my action refers only
to your camels. Ihave already convicted the
railway agents of a violation of the Game law in

transporting your camels into town, and while
the sentence for that offence is suspended they
know that it will go hard with them if they
break the law a second time, and that applies
to every man on the train.’

“*Let me see this game law of yours that you
claim has the powerto hold up my circus,’ he
Bale

“Then I showed him first section 60f the law
which prohibits the killing at any time of a
camel, among other animals

“*But Great. Ceesar’s ghost, man!’ he ex-
claimed. ‘nobody wants to kill my camels, they

| are worth entirely too much money, and I need
them in my business. This law applies only to
killing camels; that leta me out, for all I want
to do is to carry them to our next show town,
and you're making me lose time.’

“Por the present that does let you out; you
; are quite right on that point,’ I continued. ‘But
' now read section i6of the same law and yo

will see that it by no means lets the railroa

out. The law expressly forbids every officer,
agent, servant or employee of any railroad
company from transporting any of the game
animals mentioned in this act at or during the
time when the killing or taking the same is
prohibited. Now you are aware that the killing
of camels is prohibited at ali times; therefore
the transportation of camels is equally proe
hibited at all times. You ean do what you
please with your camels, but if the railway
transporta them they will be fined the limit and
that applies to all who are concerned in this
violation of the law. 1 cannot specify jus
how many may be found guilty, but I shoul
say it would include the station agent and
telegraph operator, then on the train the engi-
neer and fireman, the head, middie and rear
brakeman and the condifctor. Let us
eight violators of the law and each violating It
twelve times, once for each came}, that amounts
to ninety-six fines, or let us call it an even cen-
tury. fore vour camels can get transported
on any railway in Arizonal imagine that these
several servants of the railroad company will
Want to see the money for their fines put up,
well as something to take away the ignominy 0
being branded as public offenders. How much
that will amount to you can figure out for youre
self. They will all be second offenders; the first
sentence is hanging over them now, so they are
bound to get the limit. Now multiply that by
100 and you have the amount that it will cos¢
you to play’

“Well, the circus man showed an appreciation
of the way in which public business should pe
conducted, particularly with officials on a basis
of remuneration dependent on fees Indeed, I
may say that this was one of the few occasions
when there was no reason for the common
complaint against circuses that they take
all the money away from u town without leave
ing any of it behind: in this case | was quite
well sitisfied with what was left behind The
circus man came up to my figures as gracefully
as a man can when he's as mad as a wet hen,
He recognized that he had a business man t
deal with, and he dealt according. In return
refrained from werking the same game elate
where in the Territory and let him cross the
Colorado at Yuma without interference, even
though I had another section of the law which
forbids taking camels out of the Territory as
well as transporting them within it.

“Arizona has the proud distinction of being the
only part of the United States that has estabe
lished a close season on camels. The reason for
that lies inthe herd of camels that were ime
norted for use at the outbreak of the Civil Wer
on the southern overland trail which passed
down the valley of the Gila. This was asome-
what costly experiment of the Quariermastere
General anda failure. The camels were turned
loose to ahift for themselves, Nobody knows for
certain that thev have bred in their new home,
but every once in a while some  prosrector
reports having seen a bunch of wild animals
which answer to the general description of
camels. That is why the came law puts them ig
the list of animals that are not to be killed,”

 

Shook Dice for Wives,

From the Chicago Inter Ocean.

Crrprie ( REEK, Col, Aug. 15.— Three minagg
between 21 and 24 vears of age, last night in @
spirit of banter, dared three girls who were doing
rong-and-daoce turns at the Dawson Club to
marry the and, the dare being accepted,
threw dice fdr first choice, sent out for marriage
licenses, and for Justice McCullah and were duly
married about midnight

Louis Walter, whose father isa mining man {
the Clear Creek section, threw three deuces an
a pair of fours and, being given first choice, se.
ine Minnie Wolfe: E FE gerstand selected

rtha A. Robinson and Jesse Atkinson took
Kay ereeeal . ae tn

At the conclusion of t marriage
the three couples jrece the rounds of the Myers
avenue resora e young men are