Sra

woe
ayer?

ae

reednies Sta ome - aS

i
it
i

 

  
  

  

IN EMPIRE ERPECTS.

Features of the New Paris
Gowns for Autumn.

 

ARE WOMEN EXTRAVAGANT ?

One French Authority Says Not
Enough Is Spent on Dress.

He Also Complains That the Tatlor-Made

Gown Uas Usarped a Place Belonging to

Better Fashions— Nevertheless Tatlor Gowns

Are More Popular Than Ever Now-New

Developments of the Emptre Fashions

| =Frenach Yachting Gowns—Velvet Assum-

ing More aad More Promtnence—The

Pointed Bodice—Styles tn Autamn Jackets,
One of the more serious Paris journals re-

cently published a long interview with a famous
costumer of that city The great man had

much to do with the arrangement of the dis-
play in the Palals de Costumes, which ts said
to be one of the most interesting features of
the Exposition; and his talk was of a historical,
philosophical tone, which would be as Greek
to the average maker of gowns, and, for that

matter, to the avernge wearer of good gowns
But certain points in the interview impress a
reader mightily. For the last few seasons
women have dreseed more and more extrava-
gantly, and murmurs of reprobatton have been
going up from conscientious critics, Now
the Parisian costumer wails wloud and waxes
desperately indignant over the lack of extrava-
gance shown by the women of to-day in the
matter of clothes, Evidently, it all depends
upon the point of view, and the standards of a
husband and of a French dresemaker differ.

“The woman who spends as much as 100,000
franes a year on dress is a rarity,” says the
Frenchman, Doubtless he is right. Very few
women spend $20,000 a year on clothes, and
there is an excellent reason why most women
do not do it; but the disconsolate artist com-
plains that even the women who can afford
such extravagance do not indulge in it, that
the day of the great costume is gone and that
it was only the woman of the old régime to
whom dress was 4 religion, who considered
a eueccessful gown worth any price.

The tailor-made gown especially rouses the

  

wrath of this sartorial genius It is an in-
sidious monster. It has crept in, like a thief
by night, and usurped the place belonging
to better things A tailor gown is an excellent
thing in ite place, but it doesn't know
its place, and it has ruined the dress
making business, “It is cosmopolitan, uni-

versal,” says the customer sadly, “It is prac-
tical, cheap’ another instance of the varying
point of view. “It is not devoid of grace,
because it makes the most of a figure, Pretty
women put up with it and usly women adopt
it because they think they are pretty. The
only persons who suffer by it are the great
dressmaker whose artistic instinets It thwarts.”

It is a lamentable thing that genius ts being
etified in the folds of the ubiquitous tallor gown,
but the greatest good of the greatest number
reconciles one to the tragedy, and the tailor
gown is, unquestionably, a friend to woman,
It has changed its character gradually and
adapted itacif to more claborate wear; but it
pays for itself over and over again in the satis-
faction it wives, afd the wise woman will, this
auturnn, have a well-made tailor gown if it ts
within the limits of possibility, A cheap tailor
fs an abomination, and particularly now, when
the small touches on a tailor costume are the
things that transform it from mere utility to
real chic, an artist maker is needed. An or-
dinary dressmaker may achieve effective house
frocks and ball gowns, but an ordinary tailor
plays havoc with a woman's wardrobe,

The tailor gown shown In the first cut is a
model turned out by Paquin, and exhibits many
of the distinctive features of the coming sea-

 

@ons fatlored costunpes
With the stole front, of the mort popular
of the new 3 and is exceedingly becoming
{f well cut, but a sight to bring tears If bungled.
In this instance the gown is nade of periwinkle
Blue cloth, and the jacket is worn over a blouse
@ crea liberty satin, made with a yoko and

rhe Eton jacket,
sone
mM

ee gre oo é on

 

 

= :
deep cuffs, hand embroidered in gold and vary-
ing shades of Mue, The girdle of panné velvet
is in the dewpest blue of the embroidery, a shade
considerably darker than that of the cloth.
The double coat collar, which is seon on many
of the new gowns, has tho under collar of Leave
ily stitched cloth and the upper of vold and blue
embroidery on white satin, Small gold buttons
outline the dart and fasten the The
skirt is plain save for stitched bands at the
bottom

 

sleeve,

Just at present yachting gowne are absorbing
much of the attention of Paris tailors, Septem-
ber and Ortober belng great Mediterranean
yachting montha. Whiteserge is, by long odda,
the favorite material for these costumes, and
the gold trimming, conspicuous everywhere, Is
particularly pronounced upon the yachting
gowns, The first of these frocks shown illus-
trates the effort being mnade by many of the
French designers to get away from the severity
of the Eton, while keeping its ines. Many of
the new Freuch Erous and boleros are made
without darts, and ehirred over the bust, Into
a band of cloth or trunming which outlines the
jacket front. In this yachting costume, the
white sergo Eton ta cut without darts, and the
fullness is caught into pleats, at each side of the
bust, with a flat dull gold buckle, The jacket
is trimmed with broad, fat gold braid and worn
over A White surah blouse and a broad girdle of

 

cerise pann:

The se {yachting gown is a severely pdain
one of royal blue serge, with an effective collar
of heavy white sUk edged with gold. Large
gold buttons fasten the jacket, and @ soft belt
of gold tissue fulda round the waist of the white
silk blouse

Velvet is assuming more and more promi-
nence in autumn modes, and little valvet coats
of al! sorts are being made by the score. The
heavily embroidered velvet bolero is a prime
favorite, but innumerable fancy Etons are shown
and there are knowing little coats, shapely
pointed in front, where they reach five or six
{aches below the waist line, but running up al-
most to the belt in the back, Often the coat
ends at the waist line around back and hips,
under a soft scarf of which
around the waist and through a buekle in front,
under the long points of the coat front. It bs
promised that plainly cut tleht-fitting bedices
of velvet running down toa sharp, exawaerated
point in front, shall be worn with skirts of other
materials, but they have not yet made their ap
pearnce, Both Doucet and Paquin have, how-
ever, declared in favor of this model, and are
already turning out gowns made with the long
sharp pointin front. It is becoming to a slender
figure: and, skilfully handied, may give length
to the waist of a woman far from slim: but in
the hands of an inferfor artist tt will have aj-
palling possibilities. Paniers may follow in
the wake of this pointed bodice as they did In

 

chiffon passes

——

 
 

 

 

   

over a décolleté bodice softly folded. A girdle
of silvery green satin souple knots on the left
side, and falls in long scarf ends, and a soft
eTush fold of the same velvet droops over the
arm under the lace shoulder epaulet

A black Empire gown worn at @ recent Paris
function excited much comment, and, inct-
dentally, made a comparatively obscure de-
signer known The gown was of clinging
black satin eouple, rnoulding Itself to the blonde

weaper's slender figure, in a fashion almast

 

too suggestive of Fmpire days. Around the
bem was an embroidery of jet flowers with
brilliant centres, A tiny Jet bolero matched
this band and a black girdle and scarf fastened
with a splendid diamond clasp, The gown
was sleeveless and décolleté, and, around her
throat itsowner wore asoft dog collar of black
gauze drawn through diamond slides

The FEinpire effects are particularly adapt-
able to tea gowns andnever before have these
gowns been so gorgeous and artistic as now.
The Marie Antoingtte, or, to speak more cor-

rectly, the Louis XVI designs, rival the Em-
pire fashions in the tea gown world, and the
flaming trained robes, with their dainty under
petticoats, thelr fichus, their elbow sleeves
their fluttering knots of velvet, their subtle
suggestion of powder and patches and coe

quetry, are bewitehingly feminine, if leas classic

than their Empire rivals.
Several of the great leaders in the world of
French fashion have recently ordered robes

il from portraits of the

 

copied in every de

| DAINTINESS FROWNED ON,

 

UN, SUAvAY, AUGUST 26, 1900.

ENGLISH WOWEN'S ATTITUDE TOWARD
LACE AND PINE LINEN,

Contrast Between American Lingerte and the

Fashions in England—Critielams of the
Open-Work Net Yoke-Attempt in Ger-
many to Have Women in Orchestras.
English underwear was spurned by American
women before there was any Consular declara-
tion on the subjeet and pone of them ever

thought of buying it under circumstances that
left therm any alternative, Au American woman
who has lived in England for years was
telling her experiences the other day and they

suggested that there might not teally be a de-

 

 

 

mand in Bogland for the American lingerie,
superior a8 itistothe home-made grticle Paris,
where the most beautiful linenin the world la
made and worn, isnot far from the English
shops: but there is little or no importation of
the French work, The home-made article seems
entirely satisfactory to the average English

woman who has never seen or heard of any-
thing else and has no appreciation of the deli-
eate and dainty effectsin which French and
American women revel,

“English lngerie is made entirely for utility,”
the American woman said, “and there is evi-
dently no other idea jn the minds of the manu-
facturers, Ocersionally a tuck ora bit of em-
broidervy may be added, but even thatia con-
sidered untecessary and is seldom allowed to
interfere with the extreme plainness of these
garments which horrify an American woman.
They are made of coarse linen or cotton, they
are roughly sewn, and the whole style of their
making is objectionable to American women,
who, next to the Frenoh, are able to buy the

daintiest things of that kind in the world

“The English woman, reared to be satisfied
with the kind of lingerie that she has always
seen, iinagines that exquisite linen, laces and
ribbons are insome mysterious way limproper.
I shall never forget the day I showed an Eng-
lish friend a lot of lingerie that tl had Just got
from Paris, She gasped when | opened the
box, ‘Oh! she said, as il she had just got into

@ tul of cold water Do ladies in America weir

things Hike those?’ I told her that they did
most assuredly, and that the prettier they were
the better satistied we always felt if she
hadn't known my family for years, I'm sure she
would have thought that my morals were in

danver, because LT took to those combinations
of delicate Lioe and diaphanous linen in place of
n and tucks

iknow | asked the question,’ she went
on, ‘because in England ladies do not wear such
thin Infact, f never saw anything of the
kind before except on the stage andl did not be-

  

 

   

llevwe that avybody but actresses ever wore
them anywhere l took care to assure her that
it Was a national customin tue United Stites
or Wornen to wear the most attractive lingerie
they could find, asl was afraid that her sus
pieclons of me might grow more decided if she
thougeht that it was merely a personal feature
“The English actresses in burlesque always
wear such beautiful lingerie that T have won-
dered how they could tludit in London, It is

 

 

the American girl who has studied abroad finds
her power to support herself no greater when
the comes back from Europe than it was three
three years before, when she went there with all
the money that could be squeez sd out of the
jamily and its connections, She may geta
place in a church choir, if she is lucky, or she
may teach. In either case the living that re-
sults from this kind of occupation is poor,

Now the German women, who have devoted
their time to studying instrumental music, want
the opportunity to play in orchestras and reap
in that way the benefit of their time and money
spent in acquiring the art, ‘Their effort to find
employment is directed not toward the socalled
“damenkapellen'' that play in cafés and beer
halls, but to regular orchestras emp'oyed in
dignified places of amusement or even in sym-
phony orchestras There has already been
objection to their taking up this line of work,
and toaceept a place in an orchestra after a
girl hos prepared herself for a career as a virtue
ox means the acknowledgment of ber failure,
she has been compelled to fall into the rank
and fle, after d- voting Urine and mone to the
attemp! to become a virtuosa. But that same
fate overtakes men whose ambitions are greater
than their talents, Most of the violinists in
ordinary orchestras expected to be soloists at
the outset of their coreers, Few of them ex-
peoted to pass their lives 1s humble members of
orchestras, and they would probably never
have stud ed if there had seemed prornise for

 

 

no more than that for them, So the woman's
} lot iain this particular no worse than the man’s,
A German rewspaper gives this account of the
difficulties that beset every woman who under-
takes acareer as an artist When she does not
possess exceptional talent

“After several years of stiidy she passes the
examination and receives a diploma, which, for
the suke of attracting other pupils, is.as lauda-
tory as possible, Armed with this she attacks
a@ conoert manager in a small town; she is un-

 

 

 

 

 

earlier days’ but the only indication of their | Louls XVI. epoch. The Directoire styles,

coming now is found in the lace scarf arrange
ment which is seen on some of the new gowns.
A broad lace scarf draped around the shoulders
is caught on tho bust in aknot passed through
a jewelled buckle, and falls to the sharp point
of the bodice, where it is confined by another
buckle, Below the waist the two ends are taken
separately, and carried in graceful curves to
either tide of a broad front skirt panel, where
they aro fastened once more and allowed to fall
straight to the hem of the gown. ‘Lhe effect is
that of modified panters

Returning, for & moment, to the velvet coats,
a stunning velvet Eton that would be effective
over almost any blouse was of black velvet
laid, in overlapping vertical folds, and stitched
with heavy white silk. Its broad turn-over
collar of cream white corded silk was heavily
embroidered in Orienta] silks and gold, and
edged with the tiniest of gold fringes, A soft
scarf of cream chiffon, with embroidered ends,
is run through an odd Oriental buckle, and
holds the jacket front in place.

Another jacket, made to be worn with a
beige veiling skirt and lace blouse, is of beige
silk poplin, with applied designs In heavy
guipure touched with embroidery fn pastel
shades.

The notion of elaborating lace with embroid-
ery, medallions and jewelry, prevails more
extravagantly than ever, and gives the lie di-
rect to the man who bewalls the lack of ex-
travagance in woman's dress. The Empire
steadily gaining favor, have called

gowns,
for extravagant little boleros, upon which de-
signers Javieb their art. Lace, in flower or

scroll design, is tinted, in soft touches of color,
with dye or embroidery, sprinkled with Jew-
els, and lined with silver or gold tissue, soft
tinted chiffon, or delicate panné velvet. Won-
der flowers of gauze, hand painted and with
jewelled hearts, are applied to chiffon or net
and made into boleroe over some light foun-
dation, silver tissue being most often used for
this lining, because it throws out, with good
effect, the coloring of the flowers and jewels
These boleros are the most extreme notes
of the season's extravarance, and the girdles
that go with them are no whit bebind. Women
are finding a new use for Jewels, in connection
with the Empire gowns, and many exquisite
girdles in real stones have been ordered from
Parisian jewellers, Another point in) which
the Empire gown, 680 simple in its outliness
adinits of extravagance, is the band of trim-
| ming about the hem. Many of this season’
Empire models show little founces about the
bottom, but this is not strictly correct, and a
| band of beautiful lace or stunning embroidery
over @ plain hem is the appropriate finish
Fortunately, the Empire models lend them-
selves charmingly to simplicity as well as to
extravagance; and a gown ke the one shown
in the cut is as beautiful in ita way
pretentious confection,
primrose crépe, and is made on the simplest
of Empire lines, with a broad band of lace
around the hun, and a sleeveless lace bulero,

as A most

It is of palest yellow |

) ina more dainty

|

are having another day. A charming
one, shown in the cut, ts
a petticoat of lvory cloth, the beautifully wrought
silver butg@ons and the lace scarf at the thront
forming the sole trim An ivory feit

tricorne hat, trimmed blue velvet, is in

nings

with

 

keeping with the gown and is a model to be
much worn with all gowns during the winter.

Neither American nor English women
have ever taken so kindly to the elaborate nég-
lig’ as the Freneh women.
enerey, for athletics, a
to be up and doing at all hourg of the day, may
aceount for this fact; but, assuredly, a fact
it is, America, which evolved the Mother
Hubbard, can understanda Turkish bath robe
or a comfortable kimona, but only slowly is
the American coming aroundto the luxurious
peignoirs and lounging robesof France.  ¢

Perhaps excessive

fondness propensity

en-

 

turies of crystallizing luxury and coquetry
are necessary to bring woman to the point
where she sees a necessity of spending un-
limited thought and money on varb to be
wor + « her own special delectation, in her
own room, and the American woman, with
her splendid vitality, has never, as a rule, re-
duced loafing to a science. Still she is adopt-

neéglice robes, and this season

has brought out particularly eharming models

of dull blue cloth over }

 

in soft siiks and muslins which are, after all |

Quite as delightful in their way as the gorgeous
silk and lace and chiffon confections beloved
“fT Parisian coquettes

The large cut shows five of these négligvs
all comfortable and simple, yet all calculated
to make a pretty wornan fall in love with here
seli unless her room is devoid of mirrore

LL RN NE REN TS RRR TY AP Rn Pe ee

~ wes

 

     

   
  
 

 

 

  

   
     

 

made by the theatrical costumers and not by {|
the aons who supply the ordinary English
wor who could never be persuaded to wear
it by eans itinghtreach her. The |
Engl womenthatis well done may
nine. erclusively to the tailor made
Bey rt ir feld, there is next to
noth seutistresses do well, Sewing
is poor! d unfinished, buttonholes are
likely t ‘ ly embroidered and the
w he effeet of articles of Women’s attire made
in Fnwtan s that they are made without
suMlvient care or delicacy With cloth tailor-
roude jack and gowns, the s no objection
to thismethod. Butin any ent requiring
fineness or delicney suchat od of work is
fatal. It is in theirtineerie, however, that the
E.naiis) ek of daintiness is most tievable
That is hiehls aracteristic of women’s dress
in kngland. Tis strong and durable and nest
But, beyond that, it has no beauty, smarthess

or daintiness

In the flerce light that is now beating on the

  

shirt waist it was not to be expected that the
wornan who wears the open-work net yoke
should escape erties She has come in for
her share of quiet comment all suromer, but
she has been publicly reprimanded only re-
cently. Now a priest has declared that the

vation are not appropri-
they core to church wear-

 

women in his cone
ately dressed wher
ing these garments

She is objected to, w is al-
lowed to pass unnoticed, because be at the ut-
most reveals no more than the outside of some-
thing which is usually covered up The pink
flesh shown through the interstices or meshes
of her net yoke is the ground of the objection
to the young won an who adopts this form of
shirt waist. That the fashion is an agreeable
rsummeris plan to anybody who has
ever had a view of the comfortable wearer of
the breeze on

ep the sh rt waist

one fr

 

one of these garments enjoy ing

the front weat of a cable car. Its propriety
hos not seemed a question worth di puting,
in view of the w der latitude allowed in suminer
dre-s It was always black net that showed the
peculiarities of thi. sty eto the ereatest advan-
tice or di advantage, in aecordanee with the
o} onmof it held by the observer

The eo w yoke is as touch a part of the ex

persive gown as itis of the economical shirt
waist. Ithas be -n put into the most costly or-
ga: die, and variations of 1t appear in stripes of

Ince that form an expensive tart of a foulard
gown. All of these garments are quite as repre-
hensible as the shirt waist, if the open-work
dress is to be cond med for its share in keep-
ing femininity cool in the summer It has al-
ready been remarked thatthe fashions this year
have kept women focking cooler and more at-
tractive than they ever dd before and the end
of \ngust is a cardy date to begina propaganda
avainst one effective cause of this resuit,

 

 

The overcrowded profession of musle see...

ikely to flud a new outlet, at least in the cares

jor women, As a means of livelihood to-day
there is scareely one that caaid not be more
highly recormnmended, Many teachers of the
piano here give lessons for 25 cents and are
happy to get encugh of these to eke out
aliving Women who devote any length of
time to the culti-ation of the volce rarely find

themselves repaid for the time and money they
spend. Thistsin alaree measure the result of
bad advice in the first place, and as talents that
were really not worth cultivating ar» pot to
be wade remarkable by any amount of study

4

SL RR EET - 2 RINI POMOC EERE Fe,

 

'
successful, and inher discouragement turns to
her old triend, the director of the conservatory,
‘My dear geri,’ this gentleman replies, ‘do not

  
  

be discouraged, You must litst have a reputa-
tion ond that vou can oniy gain by a public
} appearince in the ca yital of the empire, Herlin
Don't be alarmed tis not dificult. You go
to an avent, who will supply for 100, 200, 800, 400
or 500 marks, whate you can afford to pay,

 

a concert hall, au dence claine, bouquets and
notices” The poor gr! polis along face, thanks

 

him tor his adv ce and go-s weeping home, Her
father pledges his tuture salary, and with 300
toarks in her pocket off she and mamma go to
Rerlin The agent save: ' hundred marks
is not much, but Llidos Your name is
Schmidt) You must change it to Schmytte
Here is a list of persons tu-ee.” Next morning
he sends her shabby cab to pay her visits,

She gives the driver tho name of the persons
‘L know the critic,” he says

she wishes to see

 

‘You ll not see him, Leave a card: that. is
} enough.’ She appears in a third-rate concert
hall. he few listeners all hired by the agent,
apploud like mad, the ushers give her a wreath
with taded ribbons, and then she and her
mother, over a gluss of beer and a frankfurter,
build casties in the air
“Bright aud early next morning comes the
agent ond collects 250 marks. He gives her
the paper in which the concert is reviewed
it is a review in three columns Dozens of
names dance before her eyes, till at the
' very end she finds her own with half a dozen
lines attached to it Respecting the ap-
!pearanes of the young violinist, Signorina
| Schmytte at Piano Hall, our representative
| sivs that she did not p'ay badly her two
DLO OES It was not necessary to come to
ferlin for this, os in every conservatory
| there are dozens who can perform just as

well,” Maroma consoles her; ‘If concerts are

 

|

| no good you must give lessons, They are

| well paid. Til speak to our buteher and ask
him t: send his son as a pupil.’ But the
butcher prefers the eonservatory, where there

are a bundred profes-ors
thirty marks a vear Join a tadies*

| nd all the pay-
ment is
orchestra,’ said an uncle who played the mouth

 

organ, but the dignity of Che Schmytte would
Notlisten to such a thing,”

Many an American gir has bad this same ex-
wrience abroad and returned home only to
nd #9 little demand for her services that she
wouldgiadly take regular employment in any
orchestra, if it were available to her, Women

edema alee

  

    
      

here play the harp in orchestras and in Engla: d
the are’ occasionally seen playing the Sioln
Women trumpeters and cornetists
are found in the music halls. Women in or-
chestras here, playing instruments sui to
them, would furnish an excellent means of re-
meng the overcrowded profession of music,
n which all women try to be virtuosas or
teachers,

and ‘cello,

 

FRILLS, OF FASHION,

 

A new waistcoat has made its bow to the
Parisian public, and seems to Bave hit feml-
nine faney. It is of white taffeta embroidered
or painted in water colors with small roses,
and is made, like a man’s waistcoat, with a
strapand buckle in the back, Being worn
with a bolero or Eton, there is no pretence
of hiding this buckle, which is of the most elabo-
rate character aud matches the handsome but-
tona which, in front, fasten the waistcoat over
a Jabot of costly lace.

Empire gowns are bringing in their train
a host of empire accessories, The tiniest
and most extravagant of fana belong to the
mode; and every day handsomer ones blossom
out in the Paria shops. The jJewelled girdles
and baudeaux are other costly straws show-
ing the direction of the tide. Already the
orthodox Empire coiffure is affected with even-
ing toilet by some women and the traditional
single ostrich plume waves over the knot,
There is even talk of resuscitating the gilt
hair net that properly belongs with this coif-
fure and ia remarkably effective over very
dark hair.

 

Soft crush folds of gauze or chiffon, held
in broad dog collar shape by being passed

through jewolled slides and finishing with
achou at the back, are being worn with the
wrevalent demi-décolletage as well as with

ull evening dress,

The benignant and popular white elephant
and pie bangles have in Paris given place to
new favorites; and every other woman one
meets wears two tiny trinkets in honor of
Rostand, One is a bust of Cyrano de Bergerac.
The other, an eagle holding Napoleon's
hat is a tribute to “L Alglon.”

Jewelled trinkets in Paris have often more
significance {n connection with public events
than the casual observer realizes. It is not
lone ago that the feminine Royalists were
sporting tiny gold hata crushed into hopeless
shape and vividly recalling the insults to which

the President of the French Republic. had
been subjected in a racecourse row, — Other
women, not Rovalists, took the trinket up

because it was chic, and wherever one foune
women there one found also a cheerful and
impersonal insult to the Administration

Possibly Cyrano and the eagle testify to
woman's love of novelty rather than their
admiration for Rostand's genius,

The plain black velvet slippers may be, as
authorities announce, the decreed mode for
winter wear, but shoemakers are certainly
turning out shoes that are far from plain and
are veritable works of art. Jewelled buckles
are decidedly in evidence, and jewelled em-
broidery also appears. A low white shoe
with a deep instep flap has both flap and toe
embroidered in gold and a gold and paste
buckle joins the vamp sides. Some extrava-

ant women have introduced the fashion of

aving low shoes and stockings embroidered
to match, the pattern on the slipper bel
continued up the stocking front and almos
invariably showing gold, silver, steel, or irt-
descent beads. The plain empire skirt bema
will have much to do with forwarding elabo-
rate foot wear, for they display the feet in-
finitely more than the frou-frou skirts do.

 

fluge artificial flowers of chiffon, wonder-
fully tinted, are among the new millinery novel-
ties, and in many cases have jewelled centres.
They will be remarkably effective on the lace,
tulle and chiffon evening toques that are to

be worn, These chiffon flowers, as well as the
beautiful ones in velvet, are utilized by dresse-

 

makers who take them to pieces and appliqué
them flatly to cloth or other material, making
new centres, stems and leaves for them. Pop-
pies are espactally suited to such treatment,
and one of the Broadway shops shows a strik-
ing gown of palest gray were appliqué with
sprawling scarlet velvet poppies.

The earliest importations of autumn dreas
goods showed finished surfaces, but
now there is an incoming wave of zifeline goods

with very rough hairy surfaces, Many
materials show pronounced white
dark backgrounds,

smooth

 

 

A new trimming just introduced in Paris
consists of small gold or silver rings, sewed
to the goods of the gown in two rows a few
inches apart, The rings of the two rows alter-
nate, so that velvet ribbon or cord run through
them forms points, and the effect, particularly
with black velvet ribbon or goid cord, is dis-
tinetly attracthe and original. These smal
rings are also sewn on the edges of woods an

ribbon or cord laced across to form an open
work insertion over color,

Velvet capes are displayed in Paris and are
pretty enough to win popularity, if favor goes
by desserts. They are made in a succession
of capes, sometimes as many aa six, and each
lined with white satin and bordered with a

narrow band of gold and jewelled embroidery
The high collar turns down deeply with an
edge of the embroidery and fastens at the
throat, with a large soft searf of chiffon em-
broidered all over in a cobwebby design of
gold and colored silks

The Passing of the Feminine Tan Shoe.

From the Boston Evening Tranacript

The popularity of the tan shoe for women’s
wear is a thing of the past, according to the
statements of Lynn manufacturers who have
made a epecialty of their production in late years,
Without exception, the makers report a marked
falling off in the demand fer them, and some
concerns have not sent out any samples of them
for this season. Tan shoes for women were
always regarded by shrewd men in the shoe
budiness as more or less of a fad, and were not
expected to become an established feature
of the business

One of the chief causes for the loss in popu-
larity which the tan shoe has sustained isthe fact
that a tan shoe, size for size, looks larger than
the black shoe. This alone was enough to bring
it Into disfavor, and when, tn addition, it is con.
sidered that the tan shoe, no matter how taate-
fully made, could never compare with the black
shoes of standard makes in style or neatness
of appearance, its speedy decline in public favor
as soon as the novelty of the innovation had
worn off followed as a matter of course,

 

 

Victim of em Awfel Calamity.

From the Washington Post

“It came out as I journeyed on horseback
through Dakota that almost every settier's
land was under mortgage,” said a Weaterner,
“and one day when | came upon a pioneer
seated on the grass by the roadside, with a
troubled look on his face, l asked him if it was
the mortgage he was worrying about

“"Wuss than that, stranger,’ he replied, as
he looked up wernrily

“Sickness or death in the family?

“"Wuse than that’

“Then it must be a calamity, indeed You
didn't loge family and home by @ prairie fire?’

Nope: but you are right about its being a
calamity I've been tryin’ to think of that
word for two hours past Yes, sir: you
put it down as an awful calamity,’

“Rut wont you explain?’ | persisted
will, sir. Thar was a mortgage on the
and | was feelin’ as big as any of my
neighbors, and tnkin’ things easy, when my
wife was left $000. Stranger, dare I tell you
what she did with that money?

“She didn't lose it?

° jest paid that morteage,
pen bt two horses and a plough, and this morn.
n
I

can

I
claim

 

was bounced out of my own cabin bekase
wouldn't peel off my coat and go to work!
Yes, sir, you are right. It's a calamitya
calamity that’s landed me on the outside, god
blarhed

setween my, Gupped pride and her
spunk somebody be eatin’ ass afore
Saturday night’ ” ” =~

 

 

  

 

A MUCH-NEEDED LAUNDRY.

EVER,

 

TABLECLOTHS FINER THAN
BUT HARD TO WASH,

 

One Woman's Plan to Moet the Difficulty -Mra-
tertous Vanishing of the Sammer Girl After
She Leaves the Summer Hotel—The Ua-
Pardonable Defect of the Shawl.

Our grandmothers fnade far more fuss ower
their linen closeta than their Jewel cases Ip
those days !t was the pride of the young ma-
tron's heart to posseas a goodly store of line=
sheets, towels and tablecloths, hemmed and
home-stitched, by hand always, and laundered
with the same care as her laces

The old4ime table Knens offered no auch
beauty of design as those presented by moderna
looms; in fact, in those days a pattern was al-
most considered garish, as ia evidenced by the
popularity of the old-fashioned »
still invested with a quaint daintiness, alnjost
a sentiment, of ita own, andatill in demand at
the fashionable linen shops. The table linens
of to-day are gorgeous in the richness of their
patterns, the floral designs running riot in @

snowdrop

maze of vines and blossoms, wondertully per-
feot in their weave There fa a tendency to
the large, sprawling blossoms, so popular

ou the flora) wallpaper of the day and every
bloom in the category represented. The
modest clover, the rosebud, the tiny ivy and the
one-leaf tablecloths have had their day. Now
we have oversized chrysanthermums, mare
guerites, huge carnations, beauty roses and
orchids for the autumn and wicter. Convene
tional designs, such as the fleur-de-lis, the bow«
knot and over familiar designs, seem to be
superseded by the flower patterns. The old
set border lined off from tbe rest of the cioth
has disappeared entirely, the new borderings
showing artistic arrangements of the chosen
flower blending with sprays and foliage to the
centre,

Unfortunately for the beautifw new linens
the proper laundering of table linen is almost
4 lost artin this country, Inthe private laun-
dries of the well-to-do, the services of French
laundresses am sought for and in the work the
women of that nation excel, But the American
who depends on public laundries and the work
of Aervanta and washerwomen knows nothing
of the msthetic delight to be derived from break-
fasting at a table spread with a perfectly ironed
cloth that has been exactly folded, and provided
with @ napkin equally nice. The lack of good
laundries is lamentable, and in these days, when
women are invading all sorte of queer trades
Gnd vocations, it is odd that they do not see the
fleld for success there is in the well-conducted
laundry At almost every summer resort
this year, as every year, hotel guests and cot-
{lagers are forced to pay extortionate prices
for their washing, and their clothes are wretcl-
edly washed, poorly ironed and hopelessly
torn and mangled by the various machines
and devices now in use gs tlie savers. The
only alternative is the establishment of the
Chinamen, who seem to be the only persons
with sufficient business acumen to perceive
the money making possibilides of the summer-
resort laundry.

Some months ago a woman forced to earn a
livelihood planned a laundry which, had the
idea beeo carried out, would have proved a
mint to its managers, It was not to be adver-
tised except by the exoellence of the work and
good prices were to be charged, One day of
the week was to be devoted exclusively to the
washing and ironing of table linen, another to
bed linen, anotherto flne gowns, laces and
lingerie) and in this way the horrors of the
mixed wash were done away with, Each day
&@ Wagon wasto call at the house of the customer,
taking away @ pamper of unwashed and returne
ing one of laundried clothes. The things were
kept strictly apart by an admirable system
of marked tubs and basketa, and none of the
startling marks with which laundries disfigure
linen were to be used, Subscribers to this ideal

»lan were to have all the benefits of a private
aundry at a fraction of the expense. But the
idea was too beautiful a dream in these days
of giving the least for the most money, and
while considerable capital had been invested
in the project it-was abandoned,

is

The next week or two will mark the myster
ous passing of the summer girl. She is with
us to-day along the coast resorts and on the
mountain tops, her arms browned to the elbow,
her hair out of curl, her conversation a bewilder-
ing mixture of golf slang and country dialect,
which she acquires through mimicking the
natives, with freckles on her nose and a sun-
burned neck to the bad for the winter dances
and dinners, But she doesn't care. That is
the keynote of the summer girl's tumultuous
happiness. She has burrowed in the sand and
been folded in the embrace of the waves. She
has swung her hammock between the grass
and the trees,and the stars have ahone upon her
at meht and the Sosquitoee have sung her
to sleep, and she has made nature's heart her
own.

Her going ts always one of the saddest notes
of autumn. I[t happens somewhere betweea
the hotel and the town. She leaves the place
that she has made glad with her presence in
a carryall or perhaps a stage ler trunka
and various boxes are disposed about her,
together with all the weird paraphernalia
that the summer woman must earry home
with her, She ooks like a travelling cirens.
Her bicycle, her coat case, her golf clubs, her
tennis bat, with umbrellas anda parasols are
all in evidence, for these are the things that
will not_ pack and must be strapped on some
how. . Thus eaipped, the summer girl throws
back kisses to the other girls. [f she is one
of the popular girls one or two of the yvoutl@
accompany her to the train. While the foxy
summer woman always knows enough to pre-
serve one trig and trim travelling gown ia
which to return respeectably to town, the sum-
mer girl never does this. She has too much on
her roind during the season to give head to dm
tails of this sort and the result is that she eoe#
home with a somewhat battered hat and glove.

  

 

 

 

less. That is how she vanishes in the train
that bears her away. When she next appears
you meet her in town a demurely gowned
young woman with a dotted veil qrawn over
ner nose and carefully arranged hair She
carries the newest thing in umbrellas and a
taflor skirt awitehas sedately about the limbs,
which, silk stochinged to the knee, eavorted
over the sandy slope or kicked out in the face
of Father Neptune. T'o talk to her about the
English overhand stroke or the beet way to

make a double somersanit dive wowd seem
like profanation, vet these were her chosen
topics but a few brief weeks before. It would
seem indecorous to ask her if she were still

engage to the same man that she used to sit

upon the plazza with evenings | il she wa
talked about, for she has the dreamy far-off
look that comes from face mnassoen, Turk
haths, manicure parlors and other met)

with which the girl of autumn kills the la
summer girl germ that remains in her systeia.

 

s
at

 

It fe a creat cleaning-out time inthe bie shops,
where they are anxious to get rid of t)

ferent summer stocks in order to make t
for the new fall things, It must be that
are some people who purchase these lefte
overs, for they gradually disappear, possibly
to see a few brief weeks’ wear at the various

 

aces where loiterers spend = the autumn
Color coming back to town, Aft many of the
stores there ere certain things not to be had at
all, for the reason that the summer stock is
gone and the autumn supply not vet ir Such
was the experience of a won who. set out
last week to buy a black straw hat. She coul
much more easily have found a black pearl
or even a pink diamond, There were a few
white straw hats of shapes that no one would
yoRsibly want except lor a costume party;

here were sailor hats in plenty, also felt hats
of various sorts, white duck hats, chiffon hats
and sun bonnets, but throughout the length
and breadth of the great city there was not a
black etraw hat, although the hunter, becoming
interested in the chase after trying about eight
of the better shops, finally descended to the
Kast Side and the purlieus of Grand street.
There are no black straw hats in market

 

All sorta of old fashions are revived, but the

shawl seers doomed to perpetual burial. It
{s aaid that Queen Victoria has a stock of Ine
dia shawls which @he bestows as gifts upon
her ladies in waiting, but despite this rumor
the shawl never experiences even partial ree
urrection. fong after the shawl went out of

 

vosrue the garment was still worn by a few
old women, but now it is rarely seen on ferme
nine shoulders. Yet the lace shawls thet

women have nowadays as heirlooms must have
been remarkably graceful and rich looking
draperies, for of Course they were merely ort

 

    

 

mental. The India shawls were marvellous)
heautitul and rich in Oriental color. Gre
lasted a woman fora lifetime and passed ‘>
another generation. Nowadays # wet
must have coats long and short for walhire
and driving, golf enpes, travelling wraps ted
party cloaks. There is reason, however ocr
the passing of the shaw! With the excey
tion of the lace and fine silk shawls, the for
or the wearer was absolutely indistingul
able, which state of things would never |
come ponular even as afad in these dave jhe
automobile cout was killed and voted in prey et
hecause it had no waist line, while the striking
habit hack «#kirts last winter enjeyed ir
mense popularity apd are evan still wor
many women wh ey the security of be g
that the gaping placuet is possible

 

ZELLER.
LADIES’ TAILOR,

12-14 West 27th %&.. N B'wah
® Tatlor:! oe Suite to Orden.

 

~~.