INDIAN SKILL IN SCOUTING.
YY DISPLAYED BY THE APACH ES
iVO THE SIOUX,

Amit

och of Milltary Sctence In Which Ameri-
cans and Europeans Are Excelled by Red
Meo Methods by Which They Conceal
rf Own Movements While Watching the
Some Remarkable Feats Related,

A pita

The!

Euemy-

woetto its falting power the most important
4 in the feld operating against
ervice of security and informa-
its ability to keep its own

ts joealed angl at the same time to

hing
anenen
thon, the
movene!
observe the rms
able!

Upon t

w 4 infer

t

wo time and place of battle
y of this service will depend
the success or failure of a

his service is performed by a
| protects the head of the
irpmse and observes everything
of the whereabouts and move-
enemy. This sereen, which
createst development from the
he Pranco-German War, marches
dictunce in front ofthe main body
etimes as much as two or
ghre« ireh, and covers the country to @
breadth of from ter to twenty miles,

For the bearer protection at the head of an
ae and in t {ted sense for obtaining in-

a. i .

forint! f the enemy as well, is the advance

guard is a body of troops of all arms of

the service, varying in strength from one-eighth

to one-quarter of the stremath of the army,
which marches only a few mailes in front of the
gain bods Roth the cavalry screen and the
advance guard throw out ecouts and patrols to
thefront and flanks, whoseduty ts to observe all
they can: f the enemy , at the same time keep-
fag themselves concealed from his observation,

While an army ts enaamped, this service is

ormed by means of outposts, whose duties
gro similar to those of the advance guard while
@ the march.

Much study has been given to the proper per-
forman: e service of security and tnforma-
tion by military officers both at home and
@broad, and many books have been written on
the principles tnvolved, but, strange as it may
geen, the uneducated American Indian far ex-
eels his more learned American and European
brothers tn arms In this important duty; and ft
may trily be said that the nearer we approach
fn civilized warfare to the methods of scouting
gsed by the Indians the more nearly we reach
the ideal.

As an instance of this remarkable ability
of the Indian we may take the Apaches of
Arizona and New Mexico. [During the various
uprisings of these wily savages which finally
culminated in the capture of Geronimo in 1886
friendly Apaches were employed exclusively
as the scouts and guides of our troops, It is
{interesting to note their methods of procedure,
as they are the same that are used by them
in their own campaigna against their neigh-
boring tribes

The Apaches, unlike many of the more
northern tribes, vever fight mounted, though
they are excellent horsemen. They use their
horses merely as a means of transportation
from place to place, but their fighting and
scouting are entirely done on foot. This may
be accounted for to a considerable degree
by the character of the country where they
reside, which on account of its roughness and
barrenness is notsuited to warlike movements
on horseback. The Apache may therefore
be said to represent the Indian type of tnfantry
scouting. On the march the seouts were
always up and on the alert before dawn, for
dawn is the time when the hostile Indians were
most likely to attack. The Apache has a singu-
lar dread of fighting at night. Some students
of the Indian attribute this to superstition,
for there is a tradition among them that if
a warrior is killed at night he is forever in
darkness instead of going to the land of light
and beauty, the happy hunting ground; others
attribute it entirely fo the character of the
country, which, on account of its roughness

‘and extensive growth of cactus, is unsuited
for night movernentsa, Whether either or
both of these theories are correct or not, the
fact that an Apache never fights at night.

Another peculiar characteristio of the Apache
is that he never wants to be alone, and in con-
sequence, if a scouting party is ever reduced
below thres members, the remainder join
themselves at once to geome neighboring party,
for if not, one of the remaining scouts might
be obliged to go to the rear to report some-
thing he had observed and the other would
thus be left alone.

On the awakening of the scouts their in-
tructions would be given to them as to the
direction of the march, and where the next
camping place was to be. The scouts would
then start out in parties of three or four, form-
ing a fan-shaped acreen about the head of the
column, and nothing more would be heard
from them until the aite for the next camp
was reached, except when anything of {m-
portance was noted by them, in which case
one of the scouts would be sent back to report

The scouting would be carrie on to a dis-
tance of four or five miles on ether side of
the road, and so thorough was it that nothing
would escape their vigilant eyes, and yet,
Withal, they maintained so much secrecy them-
telves that rarely, if ever, were they detected
by the enemy. They would pay particular
@ttention to tracks, broken branches, sites
of former camps, and anything that would
Give them a clue to the whereabouts of the
@hemy, or the length of time since he had left,

On arriving at the previously selected place
for the next camping ground, which was usually
Peached a little after noon, the scouts at once
@tablished an outpost which completely sure
founded the camp, and remained there, always
Vigilant, until nightfall, when they would come
fa and go to sleep in perfect security. The
borses would then be sent out to graze under
® guard of soldiers, and all would remain safe
Qnd quiet about the camp until the first signa
Of the approaching dawn, when the scouts
Would be up again and on the alert.

If ever in the course of a reconnoissance
the enemy was discovered, the scouts would
iimediately look about for a position, and the
skull with which they selected strong position
@0d took measures for their defence called
forth the following remarks from an officer
of the army, of great experience in Indian
fighting, particularly in the Southwest: “In
Ue fleld against Victorio for two years | never
MW one of his campe that did not astonish
an the splendid means of defence against
ae coming in any direction, and the

it6 tupossibility of sudden surprise guar-
al y his arrangement of outposts. In
heen eee oe Apache is the ideal scout
ee wan i ny patrol, as he obtains all informa-
2out being seen, can conceal himself

oa bare plain and is good for thirty miles a
ay all the time.”

The Apache

cava ’’
@luunt
that
ments
pevived
Pruss
@oor
of the

)
< Je ”

eof

"8 neds gives us the best example of
Z or ; Ung, While in the use of cavalry
jon, maportan duty we must look to his
tm nh brother, the Sloux
Pe be mix, unlike the Apache, uses his horse
db s as me as for transportation, and
sr a . e best type of mounted Indlan
auld oun w do awake and in fact may be
Gua’, ull eyes and ears, and yet he is 80
is OWN Concealine it that he is never
f the most remarkable cases on
«feat Vigilance accompanied by utter
fact, of ideal
y and information, is given
Crook left E te 2 algn of 1876. When Gen
io: etterman It is positively known
cae w fe from 8,000 to 10,000 hostiles
aa. , - + yet, during a march of more
Indien : undre dr ven, he did not see a single
a of his movements were known
r
me a wd Incident of the same campaign ts ree
@® the 7 ¢ Ks command was encamped
Wthev; eo ' 1@ Indians crept up
pipe ‘ tealthily that although
Bade | their presence was not
fred rig) t
bec... Fortunately, the
Chron abies a athe Indians were quickly

aon mrif it had : the camp
° ‘have become untenable
HOUX scouts resemble more nearly &

mselves, In

UX OA

{re
r, andt
wh )
wht

e troops until a volley waa

ot heen

ota ofthe enemy, thus being | make his observations, and pickets or

cavalry screen than an advance guard, for they
generally operate a long distance, sometimes
as much as twenty-five miles, and even more,
in front of the main body, with which commu
nication is maintained by means of signals, in
which the Sioux are very expert

On account of their facility for concealing
themselves the Sioux scouts usually hover
about the flanks of the enemy, rather than th his
front, for they are thus enabled to observe more
clearly and certainly his strength, position, im-
pedimenta, and other important details, In
scouting the Sioux ia never at a loss for a mode
of concealment of himself, He always selects
the highest ground available from which to
lariats
his horse in his rear, below the crest of the em-
inence on which he stations himself. In reach-
ing his post of observation he throws himself
to the ground and wriggles like a snake to the
surnmit, where he conceals himself in the shadow
of a tree or rock; or if nothing of the kind ts
available he will cover his head and shoulders
with his blanket or a cloth according to the
color of th: rock or ground upon which he ts
lying, keeping only his eyes uncovered,

Another expedient for concealment often re-
sorted to is for the scout to bind bushes about
the upper part of his body, so that they project
above his head, and then to seat himeelf in a
wallow, where he can plainly see, but where he
is himself complh tely cone aled,

A Sioux scout in leaving a; oint of observa-
tion always exercises the same precautions
that he takes in arriving, for although he may
have observed nothing, yet it is quite possible
that the enemy's scouts are watching this very
potnt, and if he should rise and walk to the rear
his position would at once be betrayed. ‘|| his
is a point that his civilized brother too often
neglects, to his peril.

The Sioux are always very cautious about
entering a ravine or valley that they are not
familiar with, and if such a one Is encountered
{t is thoroughly reconnoltred, and if it contains
no practicable avenues of escape, it is avoided,
and some other route is taken.

The Sioux differs from the Apache fn his
selection of a camping place, for while the latter
chooses high and tnaccessiblo places, from
which he can easily repel an attack, the former
always pitches his camp in a ravine, though
he posts sentinels on the surrounding heights,
and assures himeelf of the presence and exact
location of all the avenues of eacape to the
higher ground, Incaseof an attack, he at once
retreats to the higher ground.

This difference is easily explained by the fact
that the Apache inhabits a very rough and
mountainous country, where there are many
natural fastnesses, while the Sioux has little
or no protection, other than that offered by the
ravines of the plains, and so he makes a virtue
of necessity and encamps in them, always
looking out for every possible contingency,
and therefore only selecting ravines from which
thare are several avenues of retreat.

At night the Sioux scouts always descend
slightly on their own side of the slope, so that
{f an enemy appears, he will be clearly outlined
on the aky line.

The Sioux seldom fights at night, and rarely
post sentinels afterdark. There are afew cases
op record, however, where marauding bands
of Sioux have crept upon the camps of troops
at night, and either stolen or stampeded the
horses, and there is a case where a band of
Sioux fired upon a squadron of United States
cavalry in its camp at night, but such attempts
have been rare, and have only been attempted
by especially daring bands, for the same super-
stition seems to pervade the Sioux as does the
Apache.

The Sioux are very expert at long distance
scouting, often observing things with the naked
eye that are nearly invisible to a white man,
even with the ald of glasses. He accomplishes
this by shading his eyes with his hands, thus
restricting his vision directly to the front, and
peering steadliy in a fixed direction. It was
in this way that one of Gen. Custer’s Indian
scouts discovered the village of Sitting Bull
on the Little Big Horn twelve miles away.

Another point in which the Indian is very
efficient is the art of long distance signalling.
The Sioux and the Apache are about equal
in this art, and among the many different me-
thods used, may be mentioned the column of
amoke and the flash of sunlight. This latter
systern has been adopted by the white soldiers,
and improved upon until now with a helio-
graph, it is possible to signal for a distance as
great as seventy-five miles. Nevertheless,
we must thank the red man for the idea.

On the battlefield the Sioux almost invariably
fights mounted, and his tactics are to surround
or at least overlap the line of the enemy, where-
by he derives the double advantage of bringing
a convergent fire to bear himself, while he causes
the enemy to maintain a divergent fire. In
order to take such a formation the Sioux some-
times have to make their line very thin, but this
does not seem to affect or annoy them, for if
their line is pierced at any point, they all rapidly
ride to the rear and, rallying quickly, take up 4
new formation, In fact, rapid rallying is one
of the greatest features of the Sfouxs’ tactics,
and frequent recourse is had to it when they are
charged. Another feature fs that he usually
fights so that one part of his line is advancing to
the attack while another part is retiring, which
permits of a continuous fire, as well as discon-
certing the enemy.

The Indians are thoroughly proficient in local
geography, & very great essential to the proper
performance of the service of security and in-
formation. There are cases known where
Indians have passed through and even acted
as guides in a country In which they had never
before been, due to the fact that certain well-
defined landmarks had been so impressed upon
them by their instructors that they had a mental
map before them more accurate than many
maps made on scientific principles.

lo addition to the system of signalling among
the Indians, spoken of above, the speed with
which they communicate news by word of
mouth is marvellous. As an instance, the fol-
lowing is a matter of record: “In 1876 the first
news of Custer’s defeat was received at the
headquarters of the Department of Dakota,
St. Panl, Sfinn., ten days after the battle, this
news having come overland to the mouth of
the Big Horn River, thence by steamer down
the Yellowstone and Missouri rivers to Bls-
mark, from which point It waa sent by telegraph
The day before the recetpt of this news at De-
partment Headquarters Lieut. (now Major)
John D. Rodman, the Adfutant of the Twen-
tieth Infantry stationed at Fort Snelling near
St. Paul, was informed of the battle by Wauma-
daka-Wanich, an old Mendota Indian, who
stated that all the soldiers had been killed.
Within nine days the news of the battle had
been conveyed by the Indians,by word of mouth,
from the Little Big Horn River to the Mississippi,
a distance of more than seven hundred miles
measured in an air-line.”

In personal courage and dexterity in the use
of firearms the Indian !s inferior to our troops,
but In the service of security and information
the best armies of the world may well take
him as a model, for on account of his great
efficiency in it he can choose his own place for
battle and does not fight until he is perfectly
ready to do ao,

His great skill in this respect is not instinct
or insptration of the moment, as one might sup-
pose, but Is the result of hard rudy, for the In-
dian as well as the white man makes a study of
the art of war. Every male Indian Is trained from
his earliest youth to the profession of arms
and is thoroughly schooled in all its essential
principles, and to this and this alone ta due
his great «kill {In the service of security and tn-
formation

A Konsas Man's Feelivgs Hurt at Sea.

From the Kanaas City Journal.

A Kansas mag, en route to the Paris Ex posi-
tion, declares that the only time he ever really
Jost his nerve wos when the sailors on his ship
commenced to load up the lifeboats with water
and blseuita. He says he didn't know that this
was done once a week in order to have the
boats always in readiness, and feit sure a great
storm was coming that would swamp them all

“Twas scared and asked the captain about
it,’ he says, “and the captain laughed at me,
That made tae mad. These captains put on too
muah dog, auywav. There isn't one of them
that could wel the 4 ference between a self-
binder and a straw stacker.

THE SUN, SUNDAY, AUGUST 26, 1900.

THE MEMORY.

THERE

ODD ABOUT

Why SOME

1s NO

SCIENTISTS SAY
SUCH FACULTY,
Things Certain Men Can Remember and Other
Things They Can't—The Memory of Pills
bury, Macaulay and Paderewski- Memory
of Children at School—Mental Processes,
While half a dozen members of the Ignorance
Club were waiting for the regular session to
begin, the conversation turned upon Harry
N. Pillsbury’s recent exploit of playing twenty
games of cheas simultaneously without seeing
the boards or the men
characterized by the majority of those present
as “a marvellous exercise of the fuéeulty of
memory.”
“It was nothing of the kind,” spoke up the
argumentative member
“Oh, of course, you wouldn't agree with the
reat of us,” exclaimed the impuisive member;
“but for all that I don’t belleve there is another
man in the world who can do what he did.”

“Quite likely not,” calmly replied the argu- |

mentative member. “It was an extraordinary
feat. Nevertheless, the part which memory
played in it has been very much exaggerated.”

“flow do you make that out?"

“Well, to begin with, some mental sclentists
say there is no such thing as the faculty of
memory. The phrenologista do not recog-
nize it
map of the human head. They hold that what
is commonly called memory is only a spectal-
ized train of thought, or an association of thing
and ideas, or a mental habit, or a mantfeatation
of interest In a particular subject. Any quan-
tity of examples are cited {n support of this
view. A housekeeper sends her young son to
the grocery to order a dozen different articles.
The boy orders eight or nine of them, forgetting
the other three or four. The mother accuses
him of having a poor memory. Yet that same
boy can give you the record and whereabouts
of every prominent baseball player in the
country. His memory in that reapect is good,
while that of his mother ts almost non-exist-
ent. It is easy to account for the difference

The mother has her scheme of housekeeping |

and each of the dozen articles which she told
the boy to order has some definite relation to
that scheme. It is not pure memory
tella her what she wants; neither is it pure

memory that enables the boy to keep track of |

the ball playem. Fach one of them, in his
mind, has an individuality and is part of a
historical chain connected with the game of
which he is an enthustastic devotee. An old
turfman can tell you the names and records
of a hundred different horses and all the great
and «mall ineldents of the contests in which
they have been engaged. Why can’t he name
{n alphabetical or geographical order all the
counties of bis State, and why can® he gtve
the electoral votea received by all candidates
for the Presidency for the past thirty years, as
many an old campaigner can? The explana-

tion is simple. Fach follows his habit of thought |

and retains the impress of things that have
interested and entered into his activities.”

“What you say has a certain amount of
plausibility,” remarked the reasopable mem-
ber, “but your illustrations are rudimentary
and touch only one «mall corner of @ very
large subject.”

“That is true,” replied the argumentative
member, “but we will try
broader ground. Let us consider what have
been termed culossal feats of memory in three
different directions chess, history and music,
taking Pillsbury, Macaulay and Paderewski as
actors in these intellectual arenas.

“When Pillsbury makes a move on the chess
board he takes one of the steps in a certain

plan of campaign which is epnaiinty mapped
out in bis mind. The move has a logical re-
lation to moves that have been made and are

et to be made. Pillsbury knows the reply- |

ng thoves which are at the disposal of hia op-

ppent, and aa soon as the reply is announced
Soeoury percetves its effect on his scheme and
shapes hia own plans accordingly, The game
is a growing structure, having logic, harmony
and sequence, and Pillabury has the mental
ift of comprehending it in scope and detail.
fret us suppose that instead of thirty-two chess-
men, thirty-two numbered blocks are placed
on each of the twenty boards, each board hav-
ing sixty-four squares. Suppose the blocks
are moved at random, each move being called
off to Pillsbury, thus: ‘Block 8 on square 25,’
‘block 21 0n square o ‘block 13 on square 6,’
&c., this gotng on, without system or design,
on the twenty hoards simultaneously. Sup-
pose no game prayed. the moves being purely
arbitrary, and forty of them made on each
board. — ts it probable that Pillsbury could res
member them all, or even a small part of thea?
If he could, it would be au exercise of memory
yure and simple. But it is inconceivable that
16 could. His memory would be unequal to
the task, because no move would be asso-
ciated with any other mowe, and there would
be no chain of events or ideas as a guide.

“Proceeding to the next example, you cannot
read au essay or a chapter of lustory by Ma-
caulay without being impressed with what you
may think is Macaulay's wonderful memory.
His pages bristle with names, dates and events
His allusions come so thick and fast that, un-
Jeas you also are an exceptionally well-informed
historian, you will need a library of cyclo-
ecins and statistical works to keep pace with
iis references ani to understand their bearing
on the subject in hand. One of this remark-
able man's contemporaries sald

“*IT wish [knew as mnuch about anything as
Tom Macaulay coes about, everything'-—mean-
ing, of course, everything historical. Yet it is not
to be supposed that Macaulay had committed
to memory a great mass of dissociated and
unrelated facts.
the world was an assemblage of causes and
effects, of influences and developments, having
mutual relaticus which appealed to his habits
of thought and his mental appetite.
and perceptions naturally ran that way, and
they were highly trained in that direction.
He recalled events, not as fsolated happenings,
but aa oecurrences which bore upon other oo-
currences and as elements of a scheme having
numberless trains of suggestion.
that he was intimately acquainted with thou-
sands of characters in history, their names,
their activities, and all the leading facts con-
nected with them. Yet it is to be supposed
that he would be able to memorize the con
tenta of a city directory —names, streeta, num-
bers and oceupations? Most certainly not, be-
chase they would mean nothingtohim. Such an
achievernent would bea feat of memory, where
as his mastery of history was the result of quite
a different mental process.

“Now take the musical fllustration. Pader-
ewski has a large repertoir: of plano composi-
tions at his fingers’ ends, and we hear marvel-
lous stories of the millions of notes he has com-
mitted to memory.’ This is an inaccurate state-
ment of what he has really done. A musical
composition has rhythm, melody,
and form
intelligible. It tell a story. It impresses the
musical sense. It is a series of suggestions
and responses, I[t¢ arresta the attention, pro-
nounces its text, prouses expectation, realizes
the same, and culminates in a point of repose.
It is not aupposable that Paderewski mechan-
feally memorizes the notes that are written
and the keya that are to be struck. He has
absorbed the composition; it Is a part of his
consciousness; it is a sort of scheme in
every detail bears a relation to all the other
detalls. Let us admit that Pacerewski's rep-
erto re is represented In musical notation by
a million characters or printed tmpressiona.
Is {t pure memory that enables him to pla
these pieces without looking at the notes? [ff
it is, he ought to be able to remember a thou-
aend notes written at random and having no
rhythmic order, no melodie form, pe musical
sense or coherency,
not memorige one hundred notes thrown to-

ether in a chaotic and unintelligible jumble.
Vherefore it is plain that some faculty other
than memory is brought into play in his per-
formance

“Why, if memory was the thing, there would
be no diversity of attainment and ne phenom-
enal achievements in special directions, It is

all a mattter of brain structure—of_taste and |

receptivity and natural selection. Take little
Suiidrars before the process of education begins,
One can sing a tune before he can count five:
in apother these accomplishments are reversed
Fach child is pronounced bright in his own way
but it would be abaurd to say that either exer-
cises,really or apparently, the so-called faculty
of memory.”

“But how about children at school?” asked
the interested member. “Do they not mem-
orize their lessons?”

“They seem to, but many of them only re-
tain for a time visual impressions of the printed
pages, Take g mental arithmetic lesson con-
taining a doven simple problems. Suppose
No. S reads: ‘If you have «ix oranges and give
away three of them, how many will you have
left? [| have known children in a class who
could answer it correctly if put by the teacher
in the exact language of the book and in the
consecutive order of its appearance on the
page. Hut if the teacher substituted apples
for oranges, or transposed the examples, the
children would be bewildered and could not
give the correct answer. So with history and
spelling Jeseons lhe children retain visual
impressions of the print long enough to get
theough their recitations fairly well, but not
much longer. Such cases are by ho means
uncommon. They show that the real process
of education begins after a child emerges from
the so-called memory period and enters the
reasoning stage of it« mental existence. And
it is a perfectly well-known fact that if a

The performance was |

| for all its phenomena,

| body to disprove them.”
There fs no bump of memory on thelr |

that |

to cover a little |

| a man in his company or permease

To Maenuiay the history of |
| miles east of

His tastes |

Let us say |

| trouble for that

harmony |
Possessing these qualities, it is |

whieh |

But he probably could |

 

has forty pupils, all of them equally studious,
capable and painstaking, there will be differ-
enves of aptitude and success, Why is the
good mathematican a poor historian, a good
gecerapher a poor student of Latin, and so on?
Not because hia memory is good or bad, as the
case may be, but because different hurnan
brains are receptive to different things, Just
like the brains of the persons before tak

Pillsbury, Macaulay and Paderewski, Take
& young yan at college, whose father visits the
institution to inquire about his progress. ‘Has
he a good memory?’ asks the father. ‘Excellent,’
replies the professor of mathematics, ‘Fair,’
replies the profesor of Greek, ‘Poor,’ replies
the professor of anctent history, Now, has
that boy a good memory or not? Or, rather,
is it not plain that something besides memory
or the lack of it, enters into his successes ane
failures?

“Of course the human mind is a mystery

and it would be idle to attempt to account
1 knew a voung woman
who was afiicted in mind and body. iter
yhysique waa frail, her mental powers tar
yelow the normal, and her stupidity something
almost repulsive, She could repeat half a
dozen pages of Browning, or of any other
writer, no matter how abtruse, immediately
after a single reading, But she had no idea
of the meaning of the compositions, and in
an hour they were gone
course we are not discussing freak perform-
ances like this, or like those of people to whom
the solutions of intricate mathematical problems
‘come’ in a mysterious way.

“Returning to memory, 80 called, Lam firmly
of the opinion that it is largely a myth, that
it plays but a small part in human achievement
that it does not exist as an independent and
eelf-acting faculty. These propositions are
sustained by fact and lowio, and 1 defy any-

from her. But of

But aa nobody attempted to do so, and the
chairman at this juncture rapped for the regu-
lar aeasion to begin, the argumentative mem-
ber smiled serenely as {f congratulating him-
self on having proved his case and discomfited
all who might wish themselves capable of
successfully combating his contention,

GEN, CHAPFEE’S BEGINNING,

The First Stepsof His Rise From the Ranks
of the Sixth Cavairy.

From tha Chicago Record

About July 20, 1861, a young man 19 years
of age, with a pleasant face, though freckled
and bronzed by laboring In the harvest fleld,
walked into the recrulting office of Capt C. R
Lowell in Warren, Ohlo, and indicated his
desire to enlist. This young man's name
was Adna R. Chaffee.

Capt. Lowell waa recruiting far Company
K, Sixth United States Cavalry, one of the
new cavalry regiments that Congress had au-
thorized to be raised for the regular army,
and Chaffee, along with several other young
men «af that community, myself tneluded,
wns attracted by the enticing handbills which

| the enterprising Captain had caused to be

scattered broadcast over the surrounding
country. Accordingly, he climbed a rickety
palr of real staira in a twoestory building to
the recruiting office, being conducted thither

| by a little drygoods clerk with a bald spot
| the aize of a teapot lid a little back of the crown

of his head. This little clerk was always con-
veniently at hand to offer himself as an escort
to the would-be recruit, as there was a fon
of $2 a head for as many as he could thus con-
duct to the recruiting officer occupying rooms
over the store in which the little clerk was
employed. The Sixth Regular Cavalry, which
was recruited in the summer and fall of 1861,
consisted of a great variety of men with a
great variety of callings, sailors and miners
perhaps predominaging, with young men from
the farms coming in as a cloee third There
were recrulta from as many as half a dozen
States, although the greater number were
from Pennsylvania and eastern Ohio. A
few were picked up here and a few there, 80
it often happened that a young fellow would
find after he had enlisted that there was not
his regiment
whom he had ever seen or heard of before.

As I remember, young Chaffee's home was
fn Orwell, a township In Ashtabula county,
next to the Trumbull county line. Bia parents
were poor, but owned a small farm, I think,
upon which the young man labored, or he
may have been employed by some farmer
other than his father just prior to his enlist-
ment In Capt. Lowell's company.

The squad of twenty-five or thirty young nen
that the Captain had gathered up at the Warren
recruiting office etarted for Pittsburg, Pa., Aug
§, 1861, being hauled in heavy farm wagons
from the former place to Salem, Ohio, a distance
of about twelve miles, whence we wore to a0
by rail to Pittshure While en route for Bakery
a heavy rain drenched us to the skin, Hac
ome prophet foretold that in one of the three

eavy wagons that were rumbling along the road
to Salem on that sultry day there was a future
Major-General and ro none would have
guessed that the quiet and unassuming Chaffee
would win such honors

The Sixth Regular Cavalry was organized in
Aturust, 1861, at Camp Scott, about three miles
outaide the city limits of Pittsburg, the organi-
gation being effected under Lieut.-Col. W.
Emery, afterward a Major-General of Volun-
teers, commandipa. Our regularly assigned
Colonel was David Hunter, but during my term
of enlistment I never saw him once, and I doubt
{f he ever eaw the regiment during the Ctvil
War. Chaffee remained a private for several
weeks, when the company commander. @
pointed him a lance corporal, In some of the
other companies of the regiment the company
commanders appointed to that office the most
inefficient and worthless chaps in their com-
vmnies as a sort of grotesque slander upon its
i significance. But this was not true in Cor-
poral Chaffee’s case, for by this time his military

in feathers had begun to grow Shortly after
io had been made a lance corporal the reai-
mental commander confirmed the appointment,
whereby “lance” waa lopped off, which
prefix means temporary Then {t was found
that Chaffee was no longer a corporal but a
full-fledged sergeant

About the middle of September the regiment
left Camp Scott and went by rail to Bladens-
burg, Md., and established a camp near that
little hamlet, which is situated seven or eight
the national capital. At this
plage we received our horses, arms and ac-
coftrements. When we began to have mounted
drills the young farmers had the advantage of
the sailors and miners, a good many of whom
had never been astride a horse before, For a
time these verdant cavalrymen cut a sorry
figure, Every man in the ranks waa suppores
to wear spurs on mounted drill and when an
amnophieticated rider would touch the tlanks
of his horse with his spurs there would be
oor fellow at once, Serat
Chaffee, having Ifved all his life on a farm until
he enlisted, was an expert horseman, and to
teach these gteen cavalrymen how to ride
as troopers should. was one of the first duties
assigned him after he was appointed a sergeant
Lremember him on frequent occasions arules
the awkward mounted squad of Company
In justice to these inexperlenced horsemen of
the awkward squad I will say that when they
did finally learn the art of horseback riding
they became the very best riders in the regi-
ment, having been taught only the best methods
and having no defects to unlearn

The regiment left its Bladensburg camp about
Nov. 1 and went into winter quarters east of
the capital. Preparations were being made by
the commanding General for an early onward
march of the Army of the Potomae, to which our
regiment had been assianed. It was, ] think,
{n the early days of April, 1862, that the army
commanded by Gen. George B. McClellan be-
gan another move, with the Confederate capite
as its objective point Not pany weeks ela}
before our regiment had Its first brueh with
the enemy. This was at Williamsabura, Va
May 4, 1882, when the regiment lost three killed
and several wounded. Another engagement
followed quickly at Slatersville, Va, May 9, and
another at Mechanicsville, Va, May 23.’ We

the

| had another battle at Hanover Court House,

Va., May 27, andthen one at Black Church,
Va. June 20. We were at Malvern Hill Aug. 6
and at Falls Church, Va., Sept 5. Teould name
as many more engagements, all of greater or
leas magnitude, that stand to the credit of the
regiment during the firet year of campaigning.

Jur Seret. Chaffee was an active participant
in all these engagements and in one of them,
I am unable to indicate which, he received a
slight wound, not, however, of. sufficient tm-
portance to require him to be absent from his
company longer thanafewdays. tle was now
firat sergeant of the company and he had al-
ready made a reputation as a brave and fearless
soldier, prompt and energetic in everything
pertaining to his duties, clear headed in battle
and one whose example could well be emulated
by those who were above him in position, as
well as the common soldiers in the ranks

His first commission, that of Second Lieuten-
ant, was dated May 12, 1868, but he had won
the prize on account of his services tn fleld and
camp long before he was rewarded. Had he
been serving in a Volunteer regiment instead of
the Regular Army it is quite certain that his
first commission would have come sooner, But
it is no Ynaignificant honor to obtain a Second
Lientenancy in the Reaular Army, especially
when one haa been promoted from the ranks

The beginning of the Spanish-American
War in the spring of 1808 found our soldier a
Licutenant-Colonel, who had to his credit, both
asa line and a field officer, a most enviable
record, and, basing | is action upon uch record,
the President appointe him in Mas, 1808, a
Brigadier-General of Volanteers, Since this
deserved promotio: Ge , Chaffee has been
constantly before the reading public. If Gen,
Chaffee shal) survive ld) China campaign It
is likely that before he reaches the age of re-
tirement he will be laced at the head of the
United Stat s Army &s its commanderein-chief
That he may live to return to his country and
pe enjoy any additional honors that m y be

store for him every surviving member of
the old ixth Cavairy who served wit: him
thirty-eight and thirty-nine

ears © most
sincerely he A

1A. Fenny,
Fc mmeriy Sergeant Company Sixth
United States Cavalry,

ON BOARD ASQUARE-RIGGER

TERMS RELATING TO THE HANDLING
OF A DEEPSEA SHIP.

Going About the Most Commen Sea Ma-
nmuavre-Other Ways of Tacking— Operations
Resorted To in a Storm—Ways of Escaping
From a Lee Shore--Feats of Seamanship,

Copyrighted, 1900, by Morgan Robertaon,

Though the manner of handling a square
rigged ship depends, primarily, on the form In
which the exigency presents itself, and upon
the polse skill and judgment of the officer
in charge, yet there are various distinct evolu-
tlons which arise from the «imilarity of ria and
conditions, and these have names
with theae evolutions is part of @ seaman's
education

Tacking, going about, or going ifn
(aynonymous terma) is the most frequent of
eA ANG VTes -f simple operation ina echoon-
er, but one requiring all hands and the cook
in a square-riggod vessel, Aa it generally uses
up a full hour, it is delayed, if possible, until
the change of watches, 80 as not to break in too
heavily on the sleep of the watch below.

Fifteen minutes before eight bells prepara-
tlons are made by the watch on deck. Braces

are flaked (arranged in overlapping coils) on |

the deck, and the mainsail and cro’-jack are
clewed up out of the way. The captain elimbes
to the top of the after house, the first mate goes
forward, the second mate remains on the waist
and when the watch appears the men go to
stations—part of the port watch forward with
the mate at the head sheeta, the rest at the
main braces to assist part of the starboard
watoh, the others of whom man the cro’-jack
braces

The boys of the ship, with the carpenter
sallmaker and boatewain (or second mate)
attend to the lee main, and weather cro’-jack
braces, to let go at the right moment. The
cook, night or day, must come out of his gane-
tum and let go the foresheet at the order,
“Hard-a-lea.” When all is ready the captain
calls this order, the mate answera, and jib
sheeta are alacked, the cook answers, leta go
his rope and retires to his work or his bunk,
the jib sheet men shift over to trim down the
other side, and the ship slowly «wings up into
the wind. When the weather half of the main
topeatl fs aback the moment has come to swing
the after yards. At the order, “Main topsail
haul,” braces are cast off, and the men opposite
round in the slack hurriedly, for the yards
swing themselves by the pressure of the wind
All the sails are now aback,and materially aasist
in throwing the ship around; but when it comes
to swinging the fore yards, which ts not done
until the after sails fill, there ts a long, hard
pull for the men; for, with the wind ata dif-

ferert angle, these yards wlll pot swing theme |

selves. All hands man the fore braces, and
at the orders, “Fore bowline--let go and haul,”
slowly bowse the heavy yards around to the
accompaniment of the untuneful, but rhyth-
roical shoutings pecullar to sailors when pullings
ropes. When the sails have been filled the
ship is about. Tacks and sheeta are boarded,

braces tautened anew, ropes coiled up, and |
A failure of the oper- |
happens |
| exploded,

deafening roar, and through the cloud of shat-

the watch goes below.
ation is called missing stays,
often in light winds

ly a heavy sea a ship will not go about, and
in this case, with sea room astern, an opposite
maneuvre is performed—wearing ship. It
is merely turning around the other way, and
in light winds is often done to avoid calling
the watch below, as the men on deck are com-
wtent: but in heavy weather it fs a job for all
Pande. as in sacking The wheel is put up
instead of down, and after yards are squar
When the st ts before the wind the head
yards are braced around, ws and the jibs
shifted over. Then as the craft comes up to
the wind, the after yards are braced around,
and the fob is done

Dropping down with the tide is a simple oper-
ation, but one requiring close attention from
the captain or officer in charge. The ship is up
u tortious
seurcity of tugs,
anchor is wipped, and as the ship swir
side to the wind as ull craft will wit
furled the mizzen topeail, the second sail on
the miizzen mast, is set, and men stand by the
braces, She drifts down with the ebb, pointing
her nose approximately across stream, and
shoyld she need to forge ahead to clear a polut,
or shoal spot On the quarter, the topsall ia
filled until she has passed the obstruction, then
shivered. Shallow water on the bow Is uvoided
by back lng the topsail
the wind bears on the forward side
ship has gathered sufficient sternway
fiJ manipulation with this sail a ship joar be
taken down asnaky cbannel through which ahe
could not safely sail bow op with afair wind.

Lying to and heaving to are synonymous
terms, and also apply to two distinct operations,
n weneral, either means stopping headway.
uying to or heaving to
nunicate with another craft, consists, no mat-
er how the wind may be, in luffing’ up until
weuther leeches tremble and bucking the sails
on one must to counteract the forward push of
the others, Usually the main yards ure bucked
but ships have thelr babita, and some will be
steadier with the fore yards aback and the
others left braced. The resultant foree of wind
is sideways, and the ship drifts to leeware

Heaving to in a gule is merely putting the
ship under short canvas and steering by the
wind, us in beating to windward. If she has
been running before it, this x a seamunily mae
) epuvre, and it must not be delayed too long, or
disaster may follow. Suil is shortened, usually
to topsuils, epanker and fore topiiast stays@il

to less, if the wale ia fierce. Yards are braced
sharp, and two men at the wheel take the come
mand as the laat of three heavy teus breuks on
the quarter, and grind it dow)
ship that lores steeruge way before the bow is
brought to the seas. she may roll her spars over
the «ide, But, brought to successfully, head-
ing Vx points off the wind (as near as she can
lay und with of] dribb ing from drain pipes or
floating bags, she may wallow up_and down In
the same hole, und drift to leewurd with u fairly
7 deck. If the wind inereuses, sail is taken
off, little by little, until, is vs

and

while the wind is uhead. The
rs broud-
cunves

until the

ften the cnse, u
tarpaulin seized to the weather mizzen rigging
is enough to keep the bow to the sen

Though heaving to is a last resort with sea
room, running before the wale is the position
easiest on aship’s framework: the danger is that
the following seas wil) broach her to in the

trough, or, in boarding her, damage her deck |

fittings and disable the crew Yet, while under
vwerfect control, a ship hove to and pounding
nto a head sea, may start a butt (a plank end)
from the violent stress and strain on her joints,
and then-—-to the pumps. If the leak ix a bad
one, a sail may be thruramed, passed under the
bottom, and tentatively secured, while the
pusaee are sounded at intervals, until it fs
nown by the lowering of the water that the

leak is covered. But a leak close to the keel, or

in the concave of the bow or quarter, cannot be |

stopped in this manner, and the water gains
untilit is measured in feet,
union down, boats are made ready and pro-
visioned, and the horizon watchea eagerly for
a rescuing ship. Then, should all hope of
rescue disappear, the ship's people take to the
boata, possibly to drown in the attempt at
launching, or to float, and perhaps die of starva-
tion or thirst before they are seen

A troublesome factor In a captain's calenla-
tions ia a lee shore. No good comes of success-
fully riding out a gale, if, in doing so, the ship
risks the embrace of jagged rocks and breakers.
Retter the deep sea than the devil. Every
Weat India hurricane whirling up the Atlantic
coast carries a front of easterly wind that ts a
serious menace to craft caught on soundings
The atorm centre is coming and a lee shore
threatens. It is an emergency which offers no
alternative. The ship must be laid to the wind
and driven, to hold every inch possible. I
close In, the tack that will drift slowest toward
the shore is preferable, regardless of the storm
centre. If the wind hauls to the southward,
and the veasel haa escaped the beach by the

time it reaches southwest, and she has spars |

and canvas left, she may take the tack nearest

her course and sail as wind and sea will permit; |

for devil and deep sea have changed their char-
acter. The same if the wind has hauled to the
pnorthward--the storm centre is passing to sen-
ward: and, confident that he cannot overtake
it, the captain may safely wear ship and head
away from the coast

And If the wind does not change, but main-
tains a steady and increasing violence from
seaward, while the barometer lowers rapidly,
there ia still a deaperate chance or two left,
even though a black coast or nest of breakers
may be seen from the top of a sea, The storm
centre, which is surely bearing down, may

pass over and on before the ship strikes bottom, |

and tn the few hours of respite in the light airs
of the ere of the storm she may be prepared,
if still a ship, to meet the wind tn the following
aemicircle of the storm: for this wind will blow
away from the fom
Caught on a
been saved by cmubhauting, a feat of seaman-
ahip which, In nautical histery, has ottener
n performed ahoard
than ahoard short-handed working cra‘t.— It is
avallable only when the gale Is net blowing di-
rectly toward the shore, but at ench an angle
that the ship, if placed upon the other tack,
could clear it here is not room to wear,
however, gnd too much wind and sea to risk
attempt at going about with the ship's mome
tum tone So, the lee anchar is made ready
a range of chain overhauled and the end clearec
or a shackle ciseonnected, ready for slipping
A strong and long rope is coiled down on the
lee quarter, the end taken forward outside the
rail and all rigaing and fastened to the ring of
the anchor; or, If the rope is doubtfully short
and the ship carries an old-fashioned low wind-
the rope may be taken in through the
awse pipe and fastened to the chain just fore
ward of the windlass
Prepa mea are made for goin
the manner; but, as the

about in
le

Familiarity |

stays |

| dynamiter, not
| counmercial sense

| gaged by the

 

| fleld had been densely

| to

river or channel, and there is a |

1¢, bracing itso that |
By skile |

for a pilot, or to come |

| Iknew IT woke up in the hospital

Unlucky isthe |

 

Anenstan is hoisted |

} some

ee shore, many a mood ship has |

men-of-war |

wavers, stops swinging and begins to drift
sternward, the anchor is dropped and chain
and rope payed out until the anchor bites, It
may drag, but will probably straighten the
ship head to wind before she has gone two
lengths toward the shore, The after yards are
swang at the usual tire, and there will come a
moment when the ship heads slightly toward
the other tack, Now is the time to alip the
chaln and bring the strain on the rope jeading
to the quarter. [f all goes smoothly, she wil
pay off, and if the foreyards can be swung be-
fore the ship ig driving for the beach bow on,
the line is cut and she sails on toward sea room

| and safety

The anchor, chain and rope are not necessarily
saerifeed: for a buoy may easily be attached
to the rope on the quarter, and if the ship has
time, they ean be recovered.

“NO DANGER IN DYNAMITE."

So Said Mr. Snyder, Looking Sarprised on the
Left Side of His Face,
From the New Orleana Timea-Democrat.

Hlown forty feet through the air by & dyna-
mite explosion, picked up for dead, and now
fighting his way slowly back to health, after
lying unconscious for six solid days at the
Hotel Dieu—such, briefly told, was the extraor-
dinary experience of H.M. Snyder of Kent-
wood, who is now at the Grunewald under
medical treatment.

Mr. Snyder is a man about 80 years of
age and has followed a queer trade during
the wholeof his active life. Teisa professional
in the anarchistic but in the
In other words, he makes
a business of handling dynamite In all sorte
of work where that explosive ts used—in levee
construction, road building, shaft sinking,
quarry opening, and excavating in general.
His specialty is blowing up stumps.

Nowadays dynamite plays a very important
réle in all the Hnes mentioned. It has im-
mensely simplified the labor of removing large
masses of earth and rock, and has reduced
ita average cost nearly a third. But, as every-
body knows, it {s perilous stuff to handle, and
for that reason contractors are glad to gipploy
an expert to attend to that branch of the job.
Hence Mr. Snyder's sphere of usefulness.

In the latter part of last June he was en-
Urbana Lumber Company of
Kentwood to clear away the stumps from a
five-ucre fleld, in which it was proposed to
construct an artificial lake, in which to unload
lows for the mill, he plan, which waa decid-

| edly ingenious, was to dump the timber di-

rect from the cars into the water, and thus
save the labor and expense of piling. The
wooded and was but
recently cleared ot its trees,

The method employed in blowing up stumps
is to drill a hole in the base, extending into the
routs, and to charge it with from two to. aeix
pounds of dynamite, which is ignited by a fuse
aid A@etonating cap. As @ rule, several are
fired at the same ume,

On the morning of the 28th of June Mr. Snyder
“loaded” six large stumps near the middie of
the eid, and after lighting the tuses hurried
ol! a short distance to await the explosions,
In a few inoments there was a quick succes-
sioh of terrific crashes, and the air was filled
with dirt and debris. When the smoke

| cleared, however, it was noticed that one stuinp

still remained intact, and it was surmised
that the fuse had gone out, After wailing
a little while as a watter of precaution, Mr.
Suyder started towurd the spot to make a new
detonating connection

He had reached the etump and was bend-
ing over to insert the fuse, when the charge
His helpers were horritied by a

tered fragments they saw the unfortunate
dynamiter flying bodily through the air, He
struck the ground forty feet away, a8 was
determined afterward by actual measurement,
and was to all appearances stone dead, His
clothes were torn to rags and the rags were
on fire: his body was blackened from head
to foot, and blood was oozing from his nostrils
When he was picked up he was seen to be breath-

| ing, but he was totally unconscious, and every-

body su yposee be would die in a few momenta,
Incredible as it may seem, no bones
broken, and after several hours had elapsed
and the man still Uved a telegram was sent
stop the afternoon train bound for New
Orleans, He was taken on board and upon

arrival was conveyed direct to the Hotel Dieu; |

there he lay unconscious until the evening
of the 3d of July. Except that he breathed
he was to all intents and purposes a dead man
and the puzzled physicians were about to re
sort Jo heroic measures when be suddenly
open his ey es and returned to his renses,
ne
right side but in a few dave he gradually re-
gained control of everything except the muscles
of his face and neck. He then returned to
Kentwood, but as he made no further improve-
ment, he came back to New Orleans a few days
ago for medical ald, Ilia present
is very curious, The left side of his face is
normal, but the right side ts simply a mask
of fleah, All the lines of expreasion
at a point exactly midway which might be
represented by a line drawn from the centre
of his forehead to the tip of his chin. The
right eve was totally blind for some time, but
its aight is slowly coming back, The physi-
ciana are treating Mr. Snyder with electricity
and hold out hopes of an entire recovery
The victira

| told his story yesterday to a reporter

“T have been handling dynamite all my life,”

he said, “but this is the first accident I have |

ever had I remember the events of the morn-
inw perfectly up to the time 1 reached the
stump. Then came a blank and the next thing
1 was never
so confused and surprised in my life, and as
it happened none of the attendants were in
the room at the time to tell me what had hap
pened. [ had never been inside the Hotel
Dieu before, go all the surroundings were
strange, and I hadn't the least. idea where
Iwas. TI glanced out of the window and saw
an unfamiliar street, and [| was even uncer
tain about the hour of the day
was terribly alartoed, of course, but I

tried to control myself and did iny best to
pick up the threads of my memory, but T could
go no further than that unlucky etump. Just
then the nurse came in and soon set me to
rights, but it was some time hefore I could
realize that Thad actually met with such a mnis-
hap, [was pretty weak at first, but Braz ich
rew stronger, and in a few dave I was able
o go back to Kentwood, 1 have returne
because my face is still paralyzed, as you see
and 1 wanted treatment for it. Tam getting
better and IT hone to beallright soon’

Will you still go on handling dynamite?”
asked the reporter

“Why, certainiy,” replied Mr. Snyder,
ing surprised on the left side; “there is no
ger in dynamite.”

THE VAIUTE OF HIS PACE.
Loan Effected by the Former Custemer From
the Retired Pawnbroker.
dimes and
id Hardup

“sThia borrowing of nickels,
quartars does tend to mark aman,” s1
who, by the way, was universally known fo be
the offender of crowd, “After
a time one’s friends age apt te ex the street
when they see the foncher coming
an amusing inctdent that happened to me
time ago, when I utterly broke
Thank goodness I've got over that state now,”
he added majestically Hardup had ust
drawn his salary.

“One afternoon when I was at my wits’
how to raise the necessary aime, for 1
wretchedly hungry, [happened to bein Harlem,
and going up 125th street at the corner of
Madison avenue I suddenly came plump inte
@ man whose face was familiar, but whom
1 could not for the life of me place. We shook
hands warmly and passed the time of day
agreeably for a few. momenta Then there
was a pause, when! blurted out:

“It's very strange, but Lhave been talking
to vou for some time, but TI really cannot re-
member your name, or where I met you be-
fore.’ :

“My friend smiled,
‘l used several years ago,’
pawnbroker’

‘Then L remembered him, I gave a dubious
sort of laugh, and saying that I had given up
that sort of thing now, to which he alyly as
sented by a nod of his head, asked him if he
still continued in the business He replied

greatest the
cre

Tremeniber

was

end
wrs

and enlightened me
said he, ‘to be your

| that he had long since retired, and was living
on his profita in a ble house opposite Mount |

Morris Park
‘T faner he knew what was in my mind,and
was wondering how | was goln@ to broach
the aubject Presently, plucking up COUT ARE,
Lavid, ‘T used to bea good customer of yours?

“Vas, he replied, ‘very mood!

*This encouraged me and | plunged in medias
res Well, the fact of the matter ia,’ 1
tinued, ‘Tarmauite broke atthe meoment. Would
you lend me 10 eents on my face?

“He again emiled, and leoking me up and
down, as if admiring my cheek, said, to my
relief, ‘Why, certainly °°

The crowd laughed

“Yea, L expected that laugh,” said Hardup,
“but let me ‘nieh The mano, aa] mentioned,
aseentad readily, but my chawrin, after
feeling in his pockets, said, "ll wive it to you
in a minute .f vou will it w and change

suarter fn the cigar st

he didn't go and change a quarter,
meadime, It rather hurt my

ne | ae
re!

feelings, for it

| was the first time I had ever had the priee of |
my

face sized up. However, T suppose he
knew his busines and the risk he was taking.’

Evidently,” said a small volce in the corner
and Hardup subsided

If You Haven't Tried It Before
Begin now, and learn what other leading summer
say “ omen re neve discovered through advertie-
min Tee few, The result, a desivaule, well-
iny clieulage.—4de, - =r

were |

mtlent proved to be paralyzed on the |

condition |

atop |

t this astonishing adventure |

look- |

cone |

And i'm blessed, |
ind give |

LEGATION LIFE AT PEKIN,

DUCAL PALACES OCCUPIED BY FOR

EIGN MINISTERS,

Queer Customs of Succession to the Dragos
Throne - Residences of the Emperor's Near
Relations~Things That Helped in the De
fence of the Legations—Lifo in the Capital,

The succession to the Dragon Throne of
China is hereditary, but it does not descepd
to any particular son of the reigning Emperor,
The choice usually falls on the oldest son, but
the Emperor is supposed carefully to watch
and judge the abilities of his different sons
and choose for the suocession the one who
would make the best Emperor and give hie
people the wisest and most peaceful rule.
Should the Emperor die yithout making any
selection, the princes of the family, being the
brothers or uncles of the Emperor just de
ceased, meet and from the generation suo
ceeding that of the late Emperor, select some
one of the family to occupy the throne. For
thos) members of the fumily who are not eo
fortunate as to be selected for the succession
great ducal palaces are selected for royal
residences, The Forbidden City in the heart
of the city of Pekin is the residence of the Eme
peror himself, and to this city is brought the
member of the family who is selected as the
heir gpparent. But outside of the Forbiddea
City, Pekin is dotted with the great parks oP
compounds that surround these royal ducal
palaces. The grounds usually range from
two to five acses in area, and are surrounded
by high brick walls of great strength, cutting
them off completely from the sound am@
amells of the city outside.

The Chinese have always been opposed t
any hereditary nobility, and while these ducal
palaces are assigned as Imperial residences
to sons of the reigning monarch, {t is always
with the provision that when the family of thee
cupant haa by the operation of Chinese law, whick
provides that Impertal descendanta lose one de
gree in rank with each generation until the third,
been reduced to the level of the common peopla,
the palaces shall revert to the Crown for re
assignment to sons of the then reigning mone
arch. Tt is on account of this peculiar law
that the palaces of Pekin are occupied by aa
ever changing population, first princes of
the blood, then thetr children and their grande
children in suceeseasion after ther; then the
palaces are vacated and reassigned to princes
of the reigning family.

The fourth generation from the royal famfly
have no official title or rank, Still all persons
of royal descent, to the remotest operative.
are allowed to wear. the yellow girdle indloe
of thelr royal descent. hese yellow
or Huang Daizas, are one of t
Many of them have ine

their poyal ancestors,
and are prominent men in their community.
But othere have fared differently with form
tune. Some hang around the Imperial offices
seeking the humblest employment, others
are the acribes and teachers, and even servants
may be found wearing the yellow girdle,
The treaty which closed the French and En

lish war in 1860 first granted to the howese t

right to maintain their embaseies in the Chinere
| enpital, In the early days, before the bufiding

of the railroad from Tientain to Pekin, the li

of travel was up the river to Tungchow, ani

thence into the capital through the eastern one
of the southern gates of the city. Entering

Pekin through this gate, the Forbidden Cit

with ite imperial palaces lay to the west, an

it was but natural that the first Envoys shoul
turn up the first street leading toward the pak

aces Tt «Oo happened that this etreet had n
for centuries the quarter in which lodged th
Envoys from the tribute-paying nelgbbors o
the Chinese Empire, Coreans. Mongols, Tibetans
and Indo-Chinese. and the street which is known
among the foreigners gs Legation street is
called by the Chinese the Street of Tributary
Nations. The fact that the forel@ners estab-
lished themselves in this qnarter has ina large
measure influenced the Chinese in thetr treat»
ment of them, and while a mistake was made In
this reapect, still the early Ambasendore chore
wisely in selecting for their residences the
panceomen of the then unoceupied palaces
wlonging to the Crown

The English selected a targe palace which
lay along the west side of a canal that draing
the lakes within the Forbidden City and lies
just north of Legation street. The quaintnese
and Ortental magnificence of these ducal
palaces have been largely preserved by
legations that have occupied them The mar-
sive entrances stand unchanged; the open
pavilions with their lacquered pillars and rich
carvinwa are nsed as hall rooms. The courte
and arbors gnd walks. with their rockeries an
terraces still stand: but the details of the dwel
ina houses have been changed to suit the
epuirements of modern comfort, and there is
ittle compartson between the severely simple
furnishings of the former Chinese ocenpants
andthe luxuriously furnished salons of the
modern Ambassadors. Glass wir dows and
tight doors have replaced the old Chinese fret-
work and paper windows, while chimneys have
been built in everv. available corner, The
winterain Pekin are cold. and where the Chinese
| find comfort in wearing additional enitsof clothes
the white man insists on his fres to keep werm
and the manv chimners built in theee old pak
aces have eo disturbed the spirits of their forme?
ocenpants that ther have caused more discus
sion than affairs of State

The heavy walle which surround these legate
tinne have proved effective means ¢ f defence,
while the Chinese method of building hovers
un against one another and their nemerans
allevs and courts and nar nassages and thelr
man” back aates offer facilities for sec ret come
mur ition that ean be found in no other olty

» work ve Perit feb vation. In which
, « has heen able to defy
hering tena of thousands fe
rh and south by the

ative
irdle men
eatures of Pekin
herited wealth from

vay
j ine yhoe net
ad oined on both the ne
compounds of He Chines At the northe
weet corner wer Vyev neral eerriage vardsy
on the weat w llother inclosures of friendly
Chinese, while t at the esouthe
wert corn if the onered into a lare@
Chinese market around the legn-
tion. almo thease have heen cut
through toa the ef the friendly
co} ‘ the Chinese
© emagle stn
‘nm 8 on the
Theee legations
themecives,

is premises no
tlk and covers
ire separare
and for the
[euwation, exe
. for consular
corts. mrivate stables
sneral stables for others
ore hotse and a hospital,
i a echoul and homes
quarters for

rent w

“are
eviensive

except the Amertcan,
n the sar wenernl plen,
them on so elaborate a_seale
ed bw the Kvatial The Amere
the mest humble quare
On the south side
treet. just berend the old
at sere the canal, it lies
the great wall of the Tartar
cannot understend and
worcder and speculate om
siniag ly . the Amertean
Minister can expect such consideration and
respect from the representatives of the other
Powers who maintain court with Oriental splen=
dor in the magnificent old palaces of the Mare
chu Princes
Some have coraplained that life in Pekim
was almost esile, For many years it was come
| paratively quiet. The Ministers had little to
do looking after the interests of their Gove
ernments and there were few complaints from
their citivens engaged in trade throughbut
the Empire. The delightful summers were
snent in the old temples on the famous westerm
| hills overlooking the plain surrounding Pekin.
Excursions and side trips to the great wall,
the Ming tombs, the curnmer palace, the beaue
tiful deer park, or to the royal potteries, where
the beautiful yellow, green and blue porcelains
which adorn the Imperial palaces are poademea
the direction of a deecendant of the orig!
inventor, furnished abcut ajl the excitement
that was to be found, In the winter fime the
succeasion of State dinners and legation balls
was varied with ice carnivals held fn the sae
ing rinks, which were made by floodin the
| teunis courte in the legation grounds and hous-
ing them over with sheds of bamboo matting.
‘ver since the outbreak of the Japanese
war the moving armies of Chinese soldiers
| from provinces where foreigners were Un-
known began to make it dangerous to wander
about the city as the legation people had fore
merly done. There have been secret treaties,
waves of reform and great reactions, riots,

behendings. burried flighte, 4 NG
dice ‘ong
aug

theugh n

as that maintai
jean lewatior
ters of any ft
side of Lewat
marble bridwe
in the shadow of
city I Chir
have never cen
how one who |

tniselen

=e

dt

mime
rising, a ations, the coming an
lagation guards, and now, at last, the

Potson Tarned His Phir Grean,

From the Cheago later Ocean

Louts Kosok of 4050 Strand street is at the
County Hospital suffering from lead poisoning
His hair and eyebrows have turned green and
he fears that his skin will turn the same color,
His life Is in danger and the doctors do not
believe he can recover, Lis system having beea
thoroughly poisoned

hosok fas been employed in the smelting
| departunent of the American Sinelting and Ke-

fining Works, Ninety-fourth street and the lake
for several years In the | rman of his
special line of work the ma as compelled to
inhale the fumes of lead and brass. He han
| been doing this for several year A few ks

ago he became ill and bis friends were started

to notice that his hair was changing colu,

Yesterday morning he became Ipless

sick in the shops and a physician wae

who diagnosed the case us ogc of load
{brought on by uhaling ‘he fume,