te

Soa
so

—

a

IG Ce

ee eee

=
=

Sai ps

SE anes

BR

a —

Sn

STE IN

~

2S

ot ALG OT OTe st

OE mn

NET

a

ge pe eee

ee

GE

HOOKEDY-GROOKEDY,

 

Copytigm, 1900, by Seumas MacManus

Once on a time there was a King and Queen
{nm Ireland and they had one son named Jack,
and when Jack grew up to be a man big, he rose
up one day and satd to his father and mother
he would go off and push his fortune,

All his father and mother could say to Jack,
they could not keep him from going. He was
ound in going, so with a staff in his hand and
his father’s and mother’s Liessing on his head,
off Jack started, and he travelled away far,
further than I could tell you, and twice as far
as you can tell me

At length, one da¥ coming up to a big wood
he met a gray-baired old man. The old man
asked him, “Jack, where are you going?”

Je says, “I am gotng to push my fortune,”

Well,” says the old man, says he, “if ‘tis
looking for service you are, there is a giant who
lives at the other side of that wood that they
call the Giant of the Hundred Hills, and they
believe he wants a fine, strong, able, clever
young fellow like you.”

“Very well,” says Jack, “I will push on to
him "

Push on Jack did away to the wood, until he
@ot to the other side, and then he saw a big
castle, and gotng up he knocked at the door
and a big Giant came out.

“Welcome, Jack,” says he, “the King of Ire-
land’s son! Where 4re you going and what do
you want?”

*1I come,” says Jack, “to push my fortune,
and am looking for honest service. I have
been told,” he sald to the<Hant of the Hundred
Hills, “that you wanted a clean, clever boy
like me.”

“Welt,” says the Giant, “I am the Giant of
the Hundred Hills and do want such & fellow
Mke you. I have to go away every day,” he
enid, “to battle with another Giant to the other
end of the world, and when I am awmy I want
gomebody to look after my honse and place,
If you would be of good faithful service to me,
and do everything I tellryou, I will give you @
bag of gold at the end of the time.”

Jack promised that he would do all that.
The Giant then gave him a hearty supper and
@ good bed, and well he slept that night. In
the morning the dant had him called up be-
fore the first lark ‘waa in the sky.

“Jack, my brave boy,” says he, “I have got
to be off to the other end of the world to-day
to fight the Gtamt of the Four Winds, and it is
time you are npand looking after your bust-
ness. You havergot to put this house in order
and look after-everything in it until 1 come
back to-night. To every room in the house
and to ewery place in the house you can go,
except the stable My stable door ia closed,
and on the peril of your life, don’t open {t or go
{nto {t; keep that in mind.”

Jack said he certainly would, then the Glant
visited the stable and started off, and as soon
as he was gone Jack went fixing and arranging
ft, and setting ‘everything in order. Anda
wonderful house it-was to Jack, so big and so
great: and after that he went to the caatle vard
and into every honse and building there, ex-
cept the stable, and'when he had visited all the
reat of them, he stood before the stable door
and looked at it along'time. “And I wonder,”
gays Jack, says he, “I wonder what can be
in there, and what ia the reason he wants me
on the peril of my lifenot to go into It. I would
Ike to go and peep fn, and there certainly
would be no harm.

Every door tn and about the Giant's place
was opened by a Iittiering turned In the pivot
fn the middle of the door. Forwarding the
stable door Jack then steps, turns the little rin,
and the door then flew open, and inside wha
gose Jack see but a mare and a bear standing

vy the manger and neither of them eating.
There was hay beforesthe bear and meat before
the mare.

*Well,” says Jack, “it {s no wonder, poor
creatures, you are not eating. That was a nice
blunder of the Giant,” and he stepped and
changed their food, putting hay before the

are and meat before the bear, and at once
Both of them fell to it, and Jack went out and
closed the stable door, but as he did his finger
etuck in the ring and he pulled and struggled
to get it away, but he could not get it

“That was a fix for poor Jack and by this and
by that,” says he, “the Giant will be back and
find me stuck here:” so he hoops out his knife
and outa off hie finger and left it there,

And when the Giant came home that night,
says he to Jack, “Well, Jack, what sort of a
day had you this day, and how did you get

along?”

had a fine day,” says Jack, “and got along
very fine indeed.”

“Jack.” says he, “show me your two hands,”
and when Jack held out his two hands there
the Giant saw one of hia fingers gone. He got
black in the face a rage when he saw this,
and he said, “Jack, did | not warn you onthe
peril of vour life not to go in that stable?’

‘oor Jack pleaded all he could, and said he
did not mean to, but the curlosity got the best
of him, and he thought he would open the door
and peep in it

Says the Giant, “No man before ever opened
that stable door and lived to tell it, and you
too would be a dead man this minute only for
one thing. Your father's father did my father
a great service once, Lam the man who never
forgets a good thing, and for that serviee,”
saves he «f Give you your life and pardon you
this time, but if vou ever do the like again you
won't live.”

Jack, he promised that surely and surely he
would never do the like again, His supper he
brought that night and to bed, and on early
morning again the ‘ijant had him up, and,
“Jack,” says he, “I must be off to the other end
of the world again and fight the ‘tant of the
Four Winds © you now your duty to look
after this house and place and set everything in
order about it, and go everywhere you like,
only don't open the stable door, or go into it on
the peril of your life

“IT will mind all that,” says he

Then that morning again the Giant visited
the stable before he went away, and after the
Giant had gone, and to his work went Jack
wandering through the house, cleaning ane

tting everything In order about it, and out
into the yard he went and fixed and arranged
everything out there except the stable. fle
atood before the stable door a good while this
day, and says he to himself: “I wonder how the
mare und the bear are doing, and what the Giant
done when he went in to see them, I would doa
great deal to know,” says he “IT will take a

»in

Tite the ring of the door he put his finger, and
turned it and looked in, and there he saw the
mare and the bear standing like phe day before,
and neither of them eating. In Jack ates
‘and no wonder, poor creatures,” says

 

 

  

,
1,

Sit don't eat, and that ts the wey the Giant
eo

undered,” he says, atter he saw the meat be-
ore the mare and the hay before the bear this
time also.

Jack then changed the food, putting the hay
before the mare and the meat before the bear,
as it should ba, and very soon both the mare

nd the bear were opting heartily, and then
ack went out. He closed the door, and when

did hia finger stuck in the door, and pull and
stroggleas Jack did, he could not get out

"Och. och, och,” says Jack, says be, “Lam a
dead man to-day surely.”

He hoops out his knife and cuts off his finger
and left it there, and ‘twas there when the Giant
caine home that night

“Well, Jack, my fine boy,” saya he, “how have
you got on to-day?”

“Oh, finely, finely,” says Jack, says he, hold-
ing his hands behind his back all the same

Show me your hands, Jack," says the Giant,
“till Lees if you wash them and keep them clean
always,” and when Jack showed up his hands
the Jiant got black tn the face with rage, and
pays he, “Didn't I forgive your life yesterday
for going into that stable, and you promised
never to do it again, and here I find you there

ain?”
oat he Giant ranted and raged for a long time
and then, says he, “Because your father's father
did my father such a good turn, Lsuppose I will
have to spare your iife this second ime but,
Jack,” says he, “if you should live to be a hune
dred veara and spend them all in my service,
andif youshould ever again open that door, and
put your foot into my stable, that day,” says he
‘Yo will be a dead man as stire as there is a
head on you. Mind that.”

Jack, he thanked the Glant very much for
sparing his life, and promised that he never,
never would again do that or disobey him

The next morning the Giant had Jack up early
and told him he was going off this day and fight
ese Giants of the other end of the world, and

ve Jack his directions and warned him Just
ike the other days; then he went into the stable

fore he went away, and when he was gone,

ack went through ail the house, through the
whole yard, setting everything in order, and
when evetything was done, he stood before the
stable door

“IL wonder,” says Jack, “how the poor mare
and the bear are getting along, or what the

jiant of the Hundred Hills is doing to-day

should just very much like,” says he, “to take
one wee, wee peep in,” and opened the door

Jack peeped in, and there the mare and the
bear stood looking at each other again, and
Meither of them taking a morsel tnd there
was the meat before the mare and the hay be-
fore the bear, just like on the other days

“Poor creatures,” says Jack,” it is no wonder
you are not eating,‘and hunery and hungry you

ust be And forward he steps and changes
t 9 food, puting 7 as it should be, the hay be-

ol e mare and meat before the bes r

it both of them fell weber

And when he aid this up speaks the mare,
wi Poor Jack,” says he, “I am sorry for you

his night you will be killed surely, and sorry

 

for us, too, | am, for we will be killed as well as

u,

"Ob, Oh, Oh," says Jack, says he, “that is tere
rible. | Is there nothing we can do?”

“Only one thing,” says the mare

“What is that?” says Jack

“It's this,” says the mare
and bridle on me and let's start off and be away,
far, far from this country, until the Glant comes
back,” and the saddle and bridle Jack hadon
the mare, and on her back he got to start off

‘Oh,” says the bear, speaking up, “both of you
ffe ging wway to leave me in for all the trou-

re

“No,” says the mare, “we will not do that r

“Jack,” says be, “take the ohains and tle me
to the bear ,

Jack tied the mare to the bear with chains that
were hanwing up, and then the mare started,
And then after the three of them, the mare and
the bear and Jack, started, and on and on before
them as fast as they could gallop.

After a long time says the mare: “Jack, look
behind you and see what you will see

Jack looked behind him, and “Oh,” says he,
“I wee the Giant of the Hundred Hills coming
like @ raging storm. Very seon he will be on
us and we will all three be murdered.”

Says the mare, says she, “We will
chance yet. Look in my left ear and see what
you wil see,” and in her left ear Jack looked

id saw a litte chestont “Throw lt over your

ft shoulder,” saya the mare.

Jack threw it over his left shoulder, aud that

vinute there waa a chestnut wood ten miles
fon . On and on they went that day and that
night, and the middle of the next day. “Jack,”
Rays she
can see."

Jack looked behind him, and “Oh,” says he,
“I see the Giant of the Hundred Hills coming
tearing after us like a harvest hurricane.”

“Do you see anything strange about him,
Jack?" says the mare

“Yes,” says Jack, says he, “there is as much
bushes on the top of his head and as much fowl
stuck about his feet and legs as will keep him
in flesh for yeara to come We are done for
thia time entirely,” says poor Jack

‘Not yet,” save the mare; “there is another
chance.” Look Into my right ear and see what

you will see.”
Jack looked

In the mare's right ear
found a drop of water.

“Throw it over your left ahoulder, Jack,”
says the mare, “and see what will happen.’

Over his left shoulder Jack threw it, and all
at once a lough sprung up between therm and
the Giant that was 100 miles every way and 100
miles deep the other place

“Now,” says the mare, “he cannot reach
us until he drinks his way through the louah,
and very likely he will drink until he bursts,
and then we will be rid of him altogether.”

Jack thanked God and on he went. It waa
not long now until he reached the borders of
Scotland, and coming in there he saw a «reat
wood

“Now,” says the mare and the bear, “this
wood must be our hiding place.’

“And what about me?” says Jack.

“For you, Jack,” says she, “you must push
on and look for employment. The castle of
the King of Scotland is near by, and I think
you will be likely to get employment there,
but first | must change you into an ugly litte
hookedyecrookedy fellow, because the King of
Scotiand has three beautiful and

and

dauchters,

he won't take into his service such a handsome |

fellow like vou, for fear his daughters would
fall In love with you

Then the mare put her nostrils to Jack's
breast and blew bis breath out of him, and at
last Jack was turned into an ugly little hookedys
crookedy fellow

“Jack,” says the mare, “before you go, look
inte my left var and take what you see there.”

Ont of the mare’s ear Jack took a little cap.

“Jack,” says she, “that {* a wishing cap,
and every time you put it on and wish to have
anything done it will be done, Whenever
you are in any trouble,” the mare said, “come
hack to me and 1 will ‘do. what 1 can for yous
and now good-by.” So Jack said good-by
to the mare and to the bear and set oft.

When he got out of the wood he soon saw |
f walked up to tt and went in by |

A castle an
the kitehen
ing Knives.
nent
employ bo mao ip his house, so he may as well
push on, But Jack insisted that. he would
employ him, aod at length the irl consented
to_@o and let the King know,

When the girl went away Jack put on his

A servant was employed scour-

Wishing cap and wished the knives and forks |
a, the stack of Knives |

scoured, and all at once
and forks that were piled ten feet high were
scoured a8 brightly as new pins, and thyugh
the King of Scotland did not want to employ
him, when he found how quickly Jack had
scoured all the big stack of knives aud forks,
he agreed to keep him. But first he brought
down his three daughters to see Jack, wiotil
be would find what) impre nh dack
upon them. When they came into the kitchen
and saw the ugly little fellow every one of the
three fainted and had to be carried out,

Itis all right,” says the King, “we will surely
keep you,” and Jack was employed and sent
out into th® garden to work there.

Now at this time the King of the East de-
clared war on the Kiow of Seotland, The King
of the East had a mich army entirely, and
he threatened to fight the King of Scotland
off the face of the earth.

The King of Scotland was very much troubled

  
 

and he consulted with his Grand Adviser what |

Was best to be done, and his Grand Adviser
counselled that he should at Once give his three
daughters in marriage to three kings’ sols,
and in that way get big help for the war, The
King said this was a grand idea,

So he sent out messengers tu all parts of the
world to fay that his three beautiful daughters
were Open for marriage, In a very short time
the son of the King of Spain came and miar-
ried the eldest daughter and the son of the
King of France came and married the second,
and a whole lot of princes eame looking for
the voutugest, who was the most beautiful
ot the three, and whose name was Yellow Rose,
but she would not take one of them, and for
this the King ordered her uever to come joto

his sight bor into company again,
Yellow Kose got very downhearted and
used almost all her time pow in wandering

in the warden where Hookedy-Crookedy was
looking after the dowers, and she Used to come
around again and again, chatting to Mookedy-
Crookedy. And so it was not long until Hook.
edy-Crookedy saw that the Yellow Rose was
in love with him, and he got just as deeply in
love with her, for she was a beautiful and « have
ing wirl, The next thing the Grand Adviser
counselled the King was that he should send
his two new sons-in-law, the Prince of Spain
and the Prince of France, to the Well of
World's Bud for bottles of loca* to take in
the battle with them that they might cure
wounded and dead men, So the King ordered
his sons-in-law to go to the Well of the World's
Kad and bring hin back two bottles of loca,
The Yellow Rose told Hookedy-Crookedy
all about this, and when he had turned it over
in his mind, he said to himself: “I will go and
have a chat with the tnare and bear about this,”
So off to the woods he went and right lad
the mare and the bear were to see him. He
told them all that happened, and then
them how the King's two sons-in-law were to
atart to the Well of the World's End the next
day, and asked the iare’s advice about this,
“Well, Jack,” says the mare, “I want you
to go with them, Take an old hunt horse in
the King's stable, an old bony, skinny animal
that is past all work, and put an old, strong
saddle on it, and dress yourself in the most
ragged dress you can «et, and join the two
men on the roads, and say that you are going
with them. ‘They will be heartily ashamed
of you, Jack, and the figure of yours and the
old horse you get, and they will do everything
to wetrid of you
roads one of ther will propose to go in and have
a drink, and then when you are chatting over
your drink they will propose that the three of
you separate and every one of you take a road
»y yourself to go to the Well of the World's
End, and all three will meet at that cross-
roads agaln, and whoever is back first with
the bottle of water is to be the greatest hero of
them all. You agree to this
off their roads they will not go many miles till
they fll their bottles from Sparwells by the
roadside and hurry back to the meeting place
and then to continue on home to the King of

Scotland and give him these bottles as bottles |

of loca from the Wells of the World's End

“But you will be before them, and after you
have set on your road put on your wishing cap
when you have gone around the first bend and
wish for two bottles of loca from the Wells
of the World's End, and at once you will have
them,” and then the mare directed Jack fully
all that he was to do after. Jack thanked the
mare and bade good-by to the bear and went
away

The next day when the King's two sons-in-
law set out on their grand steeds to go to the
Wells of the World's End, they had not gone far
when Jack in a ragged old suit and sitting on a
strong saddle on an old, white, skinny horse,
Joined them and told them he too was going
with them for a bottle of loca tight heartily
ashamed of Jack, they would do anything to get
rid of him

By and by when they carne to where the road
parted in three they proposed to have a drink,
and ae they set off to drink they proposed that
each take a road for himeelf, and whoever
was to be back first with the bottle of Ioca
would be the greatest hero. They agreed, and
each chose his own road and set out

When Jack went around the first bend he
put on bis wishing cap and wished for two bot-
thes of loca from the Wells of the World's End
and no sooner he wished than he had them and
back again he caine and was not very jong
and when the other two men came riding up
surprised they were to find Jack there before
them. They said that Jack had not been to the
Wells of the World's End and it was no loca
he had with him, but some water from the
roadside

“All right,” said Jack, “Just test them: when
the servant comes in with the drinks you cut off
his head and then cure him with vour bottle,”

But both of them refused to do this, for they
knew their bottles could
but they defie! Jack to aoit

“Very soon [ will do that,” said Jack

So when the servant came in with his drinks
Jack crew his sword and dropped his head off
him and ina minute's time with two drops from

one of his bottles of loca he had the head on
again
Says they to Hookety-Crookedy, “What

will von take for vour two borties?”

Says Jack, “I will take the golden tokens of
your marriage plecge and also to allow me to
Wait someting on your backs ”

nd they agreed to this. Ther handed over
to Jack the two golden tokens that were their

“put that saddle

have a}

“loak behind you and see what you |

He told her he wanted employs |
She said the King of Scotland would |

miade |

the |

teld |

When you come to the cross. |

When they start |

not cure mnything, |

THE SUN, SUN

marriage tokens, and, lying down on the floor

they let Jack write on their bare backs, ag

what Jack wrote on each of them was: is
is an unlawful married man.” Then he gave

| them the bottles of foca and they brought them
to the King, and Jack returned to his garden
again,

He did not tell the Yellow Rose where he had
been and what he was doing, only said he was
away on a message for her father. As soon

| as the King got the bottles of loca he gave or-
| dem that his army should move to battle the
| next day
| The next morning early Jack was over to the
wood to consult the mare. He told her what
| was going to happen that day. Says the mare;
| “Look in my lett ear, Jack, and see what you
will see
Jack looked into the mare’s left ear and took
out of it m grand soldier's dress. The mare
told him to put it on and get upon her back

On he put the dress and at once Hooked y-

Crookedy was transformed into a very hand-

some dashing young fellow, and off went Jack
} and the mare and the bear, three of them away
| tothe war. kvery one met them and they ad-
mired Jack very much, he was such a bandsome,
clever-looking fellow, and word was passed on
to the King about the great Prince who was
} riding to the war, himself, the mare and the bear,
The Ring came to see him, too, and they asked
him on whieh side he was going to fleht

“[ will strike no stroke this day,” says Jack,
“except on the side of the King of Scotland,
The King thanked him very heartily and said
he was surethey would win. So they went into
the battle with Jack at their head, and Jack
stroke east and west, and ip all directions, and at
| every blow of hia sword. the wind of bis stroke
tossed houses on the other side of the world,
and in a very short time the King of the East
ran off with all his army that werestill left alive.
Then the King of Scotland awaited Jack to come
home with him, as he was going to give a great
stag in his honor, but Jack said no, he could
ot efo.

lhey don't know at home,” sald Jack , “where

1am at all,” and neither they did, So he must
be off to them as quickly at possible

“Then, said the King, ‘the least [ oan do
is towiveyoua present, Here is a table cloth,
Saye he, “and every time you spread it out you
will have it covered with all eating and drink-
ing of all sorts,”

Jack took it and thanked him and rode away,
He left the mare and the bear in their own woo
and became Hookedy-Crookedy again and ran
back to his garden The Yellow Rose told
Jack of the brave soldier that had won her
father’s battle that day

"Well, well,” says Jack, says he, “he must
have been a rand fellow entirely, It is a pity
| 1 was not there, but 1 had to go on @ inessage
for the King.”

Poor blookedy-Crookedy,” says she

would you do if vou were there vourself?”

Jack went to the wood again that morning
and consulted with the mare “Jack,” said the
mare, “look in the inside of my left ear and
see what you will see,” and Jack took out of
her left ear a soldier's suit, done off with silver,
the grandest ever seen, and at the mare's advice
he put the suit on and mounted on her back
} and the three of them went off to the battle,
very one was admiring the beautiful, dashing
fellow that was riding to the battle this day,
} aud word came to the King, and the King came
to speak to him and welcomed bim heartily
‘Your brother came with us the last
Your brother isa
What side

“what

} He said
day we went in the battle
very baudsome, fine-looking fellow.
are you going to fight on?”

| Saves Jack, “I will strike no stroke on any
| side but yours this dar

The King thanked bim very heartily, and
into the battle they went with Jack at their
head. and Jack stroke east and west, and in
all directions, and the wind of the strokes blew
off forests in the other end of the world, and
very soon the King of the Fast with all his army
that were still alive rau off from the battle.

Phen the King thanked Jack and invited him
| to his castle and he would give @ feast in his
honor, but Jack said he could not do that, for
they did not know at home where he was and
they would be uneasy about him until he reached
home again

Chen,” says the King, “the least I can do
for vou is to give you a present. Here is a
purse, and no matter how often and how much
you pay out of it, it will never be empty,”

Jack took it and thanked him and rode away,
In the wood he left the mare and the bear and
Was again changed into Hookedy-Crookedy
and went home to his garden. The Yellow
fose came out and told hirn about the great
| vietory a brave and beautiful soldier, brother
| to the fine fellow of the day before, had won
for her father

‘Well, well,” sava Jack, says he, “that was
very wonderful entirely Iam sorry I was not
there, but I had to be away on @ message for
your father.”

But my poor Hookedy-Crookedy,” says sho,
“it was better so, for what could you do?

Three days after that the King of the East
took courage to come to battle again, The
morning of the battle Jack went to the wood to
consult the mare

“Look into my left ear, Jack, and see what
you will see,” and from the mare's left ear Jack
drew out & most gorgeous soldier's suit, done
| off with gold braidings and ornaments of every
sort, By the mare's advice he put it on, and
himself, the mare and the bear went off to the
war

The King soon heard of the wonderful @rand
| fellow that was riding fo the war to-day with

the mare andthe bear, and he came to Jack and

welcomed him andtold him how his two brothera
l had won the last two victorfes for him. He
asked Jack on what side he was going to flaht.

I will strike no stroke this aay,” says Jack,
“only on the King of Scotland's side,”

“The King thanked him heartily and sald:
“We will surely win the victory,” and then into
the battlethey rode with Jack at their head and
| Jack stroke eastand west and in all directions,
and the wind of the strokes tumbled mountains
at the other end of the world, and very soon the
King of the East with all his army that were left
| alive took to their heels and never stooped run-
ing until they went as far as the world would
let them

Then the King eame to Jack and thanked him
over and over again, and said he would never
be able to repay him He then invited him to
come to bis castle, and he would give a little
feast in his honer, but Jack said they didn't
know at home where he was, and they would be
uneasy about him and so could not go with the
King

*But,” says he, “I and my brothers will come
to feast with you at any other time

“What day will the three of you come?” said
the King

“Only oneof us can leave home by the day,”
| said Jack I will cometo fenst with you to-
morrow and my second brother theday after
and the third brother the day after that

The King agreed to thisand thanked him.
“And now, said the King, “let me give you a
present,” and he gave himn a comb, and every
time he combed his hair with it he would com
out of it bushels of gold and silver, and it wonid
transform the ugliest man that ever was to even
the nicest and handsomest. Jack took it and
thanked the King and rode away

On this day as on the other two daya after
the battle, they cured the dead and the wounded
with the bottles of loca and all were well again.
When Jack went to the wood he lett the mareand
the bear in it and became Hookedy-Crookedy
avain, and went home and to his garden. The
Yellow Rose came to him and had wonderful
news for him this day over the terrible grand
fellow entirely, He had won the battle for her
father that dav; brother to the two brave fellows
who had won the battles on the other two days.

“Well,” sars Jack, says he, “those mueat
| be wonderful chaps. I wish I had been there,
but IT had to be away on a message for your
father all day : "

‘Oh. my poor fookedy-Crookedy,” sa
she, “it was better so, for what could you do
vourse!f?’

The next day when {t was near dinner time
| he went off to the woods to the mare and the
| bear and got on him the suit he wore the day
before in the battle and mounted the mare
} and rode for the castle, and when he came
there all the gates happened to be closed, but
he put the mare at the walls which are nine
miles hich

The King scolded the gate keepers, but Jack
said a trifle like that didn't harm him nor his
; mare. After dinner the King asked him what

did he think of his two daughters and hus-
| bands

Jack said they were verv good, and asked
him if he had any more In his family.

The Kine said they used to have another
dangliter, the youngest, but she would not
consent to marry_as he wished, and he had
banished her out of his sight
i Jack sald he would like to see her.

The King said he would never let her into
company again, but he could not refuse Jack:
80 the Yellow Rose was sent for

Jack fell a chatting with her and used all
his arts to win her, and of course, in this hand-
some Jack she did not reeoenize uglv little
Hookedy-Crookedy He told her that he had
heard that she had a very bad taste to fall
in love with an ugly crooked wee fellow in her
father’s warden

“Tam a handsome fellow, rich prince.” says
Jack, “ and I will give you myself and all I
possess if you will only accept me.”

She was highly insulted and she showed
him that very quickly. She said, “I won't
sit here and hear a man I love abused,” and
she got up to leave

“Well.” said Jack, “I admire your spirit;
but before vou go,” says he, “let me make
you. a little present,” and he handed her a table-
cloth. “There,” sald he, “if you marry
Hookedy-Crookedy, as long as you have thig
tablecloth you will never want eating and
drinking of the best.”

The other two sisters grabbed to get the
tablecloth from her, but Jack put out his handa
| and pushed them back

At dinner time the next day Jack came in
a dress in which he had gone into the second
battle, and with the mare he cleared the walls
as the day before

The King was enraged at the gate keepers
and began to scold them, but Jack laughed
at them and said a trifle like that was never
to him and his mare harmful
| After dinner was over the King asked what
| he thought of his daughters and their husbands,

Jack said they were verv g@ood, and asked
him if he had any more in his family

The King said: “I have no more except one
daughter, who wont do as I wish and who has
fallen in love with an ugly, crooked, wee fellow
in my garden, and I ordered her never to come
in my sight again.”

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

sToca 1s a Itquid that could eure all w and
store dead to life ve >

 

 

But Jack said he would much like to see her.

The King said that on Jack's account he
would break his vow and let her come in. Bo
the Yellow Kose was brought in and Jack fell to
chat with her. He did all he could to make
her fall in love with him, and then told ber o:
all his good wealth and good possessions and
offered himself to her, and said if she only
would marry him she would live with ease ane
luxury and happiness all the days of her life,

things she would never know with Hookedy-
Crookedy. t

|, But Yellow Rose got very angry, and said:
“] won't sit here and listen to such things,” and
she got up to leave the room.

“Well,” said Jack, “I admire your spirit, and
before e yu go let me make you a little present.
So he handed her a purse. “Here,” says he,
“is a purse, and all the days yourself and Hook-
edy-Crookedy live you will never want for
money, for that purse will never be empty

Her sisters made a grab to snatch it from
her, but Jack shoved them back and went out,
and Jack rode away with the mare after dinner
and left her in the wood.

When he came back to his garden he always
came in the Hookedy-Crookedy shape and al-
ways pretended he had been away on 4 message
for the Kin

The third day he went to the wood again.
He dressed in the suit in which he had gone to
the first battle, and when he came back he went
to the castle and cleared the walls, and when
the King scolded the gatekeepers Jack told
him never to mind, as that was a small trifle to
him and his mare.

A very grand dinner indeed Jack had this
day, and when they chatted after dinner the
King asked him how he liked his daughters
and their husbands,

He said he fiked them very well, and asked
him If he had any more In his family

The King said no, except one foollshdaughter
who wouldn't do as he wished, and who fell in
love with an ugly, crooked, wee fellow in his
warden, and she was never to come within his
sight again .

Says Jack: “I would like to see that girl.

The King said he could not refuse Jack any
request he made, so he went for the Yellow
Rose. When she came in Jack fell into chat
with her and did his very, very best to make
her fall in love with bim, but it was of no use,
He told her of all bis wealth and all his good
possessions, and said if she would marry him
she would own all that, and all the days she
would live she would be the happiest woman
ot the wide world, but if Bhe would marry
Hookedy-Crookedy, he said, she would never
be ont of want and hardships, besides having
an ugly husband,

If the Yellow Rose was in a rage the two
days before, she was in a far greater rage now.
She said she wouldn't sit there to listen to that.
She told Jack that Hookedy-Crookedy was
in her eyes a far more handsome and beautiful
man than he and than any of the King’s sons
she had ever seen, She said to Jack if he was
ten times as handsome and 100 times as wealthy
she wouldn't give Hookedy-Crookedy's little
finger for himeelf, or for all his wealth and pos-
sessions, and then she got up to leave the room

“Well,” says Jack, says he, “I admire your
spirit very much, and,” says he, “I would like
to make vou a little present, Here i acomb,
he said, “and it will comb out of one’s hair a

} bushel of gold and a bushel of silver every time
they comb with it, and besides,” says he, “it
will make handsome the ugliest man that ever
was,

When the other sisters heard this they rushed
to snatch the comb from her, but Jack threw
them backward so very roughly that their huse
bands aprang out, With the back switch of his
two hands Jack knocked their husbands down
senseless, The King flew into a rage and said
“How dare you do that to the two finest and
bravest men of this world?”

“Fine and brave, indeed,” sald Jack. “One
and the other two are worthless creatures,
and not even your lawful sons-in-law.”

“How dare you say that?” says the King.

“Strip their backs where they lie and see for
vourseif.” And there the King saw written
“An unlawful married man.”

“What is the meaning of this?” anys the King.
“They were lawfully married to my two daugh-
ters, and they have the golden tokens of the
marriage.”

Jack drew out from his pocket the two golden
tokens and handed them to the King, and said,
“It is | who have the tokens,” and handed them
to the King

The Yellow Rose had gone off to the garden
{n the middle of all this. Jack made the King
sit down and told him all his story, and how
he came by the golden tokens, He told him
how he was Hookedy-Crookedy, and that it
reflected a great deal of honor that she the
King thought so worthless would refuse to
wive up Hookedy-Crookedy for the one she
thought a wealthy Prince, and that she walked
away in ahurry, The King, you may be sure,
was highly delighted to grant his request.
A couple of drops of Toca brought the two Kings’
sons to their senses again, and at Jack's request
they were ordered to go and live elsewhere,
Jack went off, left his mare in the wood and
came in the garden as Hookedy-Crookedy.
He told the Yellow Rose he had been gathering
bilberries.

says she, “I have something grand

“On,” «
et me comb your hair with this

for you.
comb.”

flookedy-Crookedy put his head in Ps, lap
and she combed out a bushel of gold and silver,
and when he stood up again she saw Hooked
Crookedy no more, but instead the beautiful
Prince that had been trying to win her in her
father’s drawing room for the last three days,
and then and there to her Jack told his whole
story, and@ it's Yellow Rose is the delighted
girl

With little delay they were married, The
wedding lasted a year and a day, and there
were at it 500 fiddlers, 0 fluters and 1,000 fifers,
and the last day was better than the first
marriage Jack and his
bride were out walking one day. A beautiful
young woman crossed thepath, Jack addressed
her, but she gave him « very curt reply.
handsome as

Shortly after the

“Your manners are not 80
your looks,” said Jack to her.

“And bad as they are, they are better than
your memory, Hookedy-Crookedy,” says she.

“What do you mean?” says dack,

She led Jack aside and she told him, “Iam
the rnare who was so good to you waar con-
demned to that shape for a number of years,
and now my enchantment is over had a
brother who was enchanted to a bear, and whose
enchantment is over now also. & had hopes,”
‘that some day you would be my
husband, but I eee,” she said, “that you quicky
forgot all about me. No matter now,” she
enid, “I couldn't wish you a better and hand-
somer wife than you have got. Go home to
your castle apd be happy and live and live
prosperous will never see you, and yeu
will never see me again fora while.”

she said,

 

STORY OF AN OPEN WINDOW.

 

Sequel of a Day's Outing by Two Spinsters
Who Live Up tn the Eighties.

Anybody in the victnity of the Eighties where
the incident occurred will tell you about ft.
This is a story where names cannot be used as
you will see.

A bachelor has an apartment to himself for
the summer. His friends went away and asked
him to oceupy their quarters during their ab-
sence. Probably no one but the woman who
looks after the quarters would have known
the bachelor was there if he had not made a
mistake about his voice. But that is not what
caused the trouble. It did, however, serve to
make him known in the block and to cause
him to become despised, so that when the other
incident happened and he waa connected with
it all the occupants howled with glee.

Bachelors are apt to leave everything for the
woman, or whoever attends to the quarters, to
take care of. This one did. One morning
during the hot spell the woman in charge of
these particular quarters had a clean-up fit.
After the rugs had been banged and replaced
and other things had been shifted about the
woman, under the impreasion that sunshine was
a good thing for bed sheets, &c., hung them
out of the front window. This occasioned
some comment in the block, for nobody elae
had ever done that in the row before. Later
in the day the sheet s, &c., were taken fn and
put in their places.

The apartment on the second floor below that
of the bachelor is occupied by two epinsters
who live a good deal to themselves. On the
very day the woman cleaned up the bachelor’s
quarters the spinsters went away early to some
resort te spend the day. They left their win-
dows open, locked the door and took the key.

During the day people in the block looked
up at one of the windows of the spinsters,
chuckled and passed on. The women in the
other apartments looked up or down, acoord-
ing to their several points of view, at the open
window, made signs and dodged back.

The policeman on the post had a conference
with the woman in the basement of the house
in which the spinsters lived and where the
bachelor has the apartment of his friends.
Both looked up at the windows. The woman
shook her head. The policeman on,
A fireman lives across the street and the
woman to whom the policeman had spoken
saw the fireman's wife and made the sugges-
tion that the fireman might lend a ladder,
but that was vetoed. So the day wore on

until the spinstere returned from their outing
late in the afternoon. It was at an hour when
most of the male occupants of the row had
returned from downtown and they had been
put on, as the street vernacular has {t, and they
1ad looked at the open window and giggled.

When the spinsters struck the home stretch
they looked up at the window and increased
their pace. Within a few minutes after their
Goappearance into the house they were at the
window, In leas time than it takes a Jersey
visitor to strike at a mosquito the spinsters
hauled in the garment which had fluttered
from the ledm@e all day.

The woman who put out the bachelor's sheets
to air had put out more than she knew and fhe
gurpent vorued ita way out of the sheets, fel

n ught.
eu peeneler hes wegen nip Stipads te
ome. © Spinsters are or
quarters elsewhere. —

DAY, AUGUST 26,

1900. :
A BATTLE ON THE PLAINS.

WIPING OUT OF AN EMIGRANT TRAIN
BY INDIANS IN 1868.

 

Surprised in Camp and Only Four Girls Oat
of 200 Souls Left Allve—Tactics of the
Old Indian Fighter That Avenged Them

Stopping a Charge of Sioux Warriors.
Kipp, Mon., Aug. 22,- “If it hadnt been for
my stepmother,” said old Henry Burgoyne,

as we sat on his porch the other evening, I

 

suppose I world have been hoeing tobacco and |

corn down in Missouri to this day. She used
to abuse and knock me around at every oppor-
tunity. Finally, the worm turned. One day
she told a whopping lie, blaming me for some-
thing one of her own children had done, and
my father gave me a trouncing. That night
when all were asleep I stole away on my little
black mare, taking only my rifleand ammunition,
andthe next morning at sun up 1 approached
the town of St, Joseph, It was May 1, 1863
and I've never been back there nor seen any
one of my relatives since.

“Well, near the outekirts of the town I found
a great camp of emigrants yoking up their bull
teams and preparing to start for the West. In

less than fifteen minutes T had a fob to help |
drive the loose stock, taking the place of a man |

who had backed out at the last moment,

“The whole train, consisting of thirty-seven |

yoke teams, or, in other words, about two
hundred and fifty bulls, sixty wagpns and
all the freight was owned by Col. Vaughn,
Major Owens and Jo Parventran, three
old plainsmen and traders, who surely
knew their business, Besides the forty odd
bullwhackers, herders and other men in their
employ they had picked up sixty adventurous
charactera who wished to try their fortunes in
the Great West, furnishing them food and
transportation for their bedding,.4¢., and in
return they agreed to stand by thetrain tothe
last against the hordes of Indians then infesting
the overland trail from the Missouri to the
Rockies

“To the Federal Government ours was a most
suspicious outfit. We were all heavily armed,
trailed two cannon and had several wagon loads
of ammunition, It was suspected that we
would try to join the Confederate Anny by
going West a way
to the South, and we had no little diffleulty in
persuading the authorities to allow ts to start,
Fven when far out on the plains we were stopped
at every fort we came to, sometimes for days,
and our record investigated. We were all from
Missouri or further south, which didn't help
matters much,

“It wasnot until we arrived at the edge of
the buffa.o country that we began to see signs
of the Indians and the atrocities they had per-
petrated along the trail, And as we slowly
advanced, we began to see the red devils hover-
ing about on our flanks in twos and threes,
and little bands of a dozen or more, but they
did not molest us. Our time had not yet come.
The evening before we arrived at Fort Cotton,
an emigrant train, consisting of some seventy
families, overtook us. There were about
three hundred of them fn all, mostly women
and children. They corralled right beside us,
and it did our bachelor outfit good to hear
the laughter and light-hearted chatter of the

young women, as they prepared the evening |
After supper there was a general ex- |

mea..
change of visits, and, after sizing up their out-
fit and noting how little prepared they were
to make their way through the hostile country
ahead, Col. Vaughn advised the leaders of the
party not to attempt to goon alone, but to travel
with us, who were fully able to protect them,
But to this they would not listen: they had horse

and nile teams, able to travel twice as far in |

a day as our slow-going bulls, and they wanted
to get toVirginia City before the great stampede
of miners should set In. Yet not one of them

had ever been over the trail before, and they |

were as ignorant of the ways and wiles of the
Indians as their women were.

“Well, the next morning, long before we had
yoked up, theother party started on and wefe
soon lost to sight in the clouds of dust raised
by their train. We made a lone drive that

day, andin the evening camped at Fort Cotton. |
had passed |

The other outfit, we were told,
there about midday, although the commandant
at the post had warned them that it was very
dangerous for them to proceed alone.

“The next day about 4 in the afternoon,
we came to Plum Creek, and there, just beyond
the stage station, overtook the party; but none
was alive to greet us. Their mangled corpses,
their burned and still smoking wagons told only
too plainly what had befallen them. The lone
tender of the stage &tation, secure in his forti-
tied cabin had seen it all, but had been power-
lesa to render ald. Early in the morning,
he said, as the men were watering their stock,

a band of at least five hundred Sioux Indians |

had suddenly swooped down on the little en-
campment and in less than five minutes had
murdered every one, save four young women,
whom he had seen carried away after the In-
dians had finished phindering and burning the
wagons.

“That was the most terrible sight I ever
saw. I'm sure the scenes on a great battle-
field could never be so distressing. There
we found infants and young children who
had been swung around by the heelsand their
heads battered into shapeless pulp against
wagon tires
of their clothing, scalped and brutally muti-
lated, were lying about in all directions. Some

apparently, had been thrown into the burning
wagons, suffering a more fearful death than
by the bullet or arrow. Broken trunks and
boxes and their contents were scattered all
around, Sacks of provisions, flour, coffee,
sugar, had been cut open and were trampled
into the earth. Evidently the attack had been
eo sudden that the emigrants had had no chance
to defend themselves. The station tender's
opinion was that they never fired a shot, for
he saw no [ndian fall, nor one of them carried
away by his comrades, nor could we find one

and then swinging around |

Women, old and young, stripped |

>

 

and strung out again

and we soon yoked up Sas hot

over the trail. The long spring da ¢
the road dusty, and it seemed as i? we never
would reach water again and camp. Not an
Indian could be seen, far or near, and we con-
cluded that they had left us to go our way in
yeace, But after we corrajled that night Col.
| Faugha, who had been ridin ahead all day
and seanning the country W th his powerfu
glass, told us that he had seen a number of
| Indians show their heads above the hills as
they cantionsly watched our slow progress.
‘And to-night,’ he said, unless | am very much
mistaken, ‘they will attack Us. They now
think that their ruse has been successful and
that we believe they have left us for good and
all. That is one of thelr tricks, as 1 have
earn by dear experience.
' PS corralied that evening on the edge of a
cut bank some ten or twelve feet high over-
looking an old watercourse, As ho attack
upon us could be made there, we placed bet}
| cannon on the opposite side, one at each en
of the corral. Many of the men threw up ehal-
low earthworks under the wagons, We didn't
sleep any that night. We all knew that when
Col. Vaughn said he was sure of something,
that thing was going to happen And hap-
pen {t did, for just as a faint light be-
gan to appear in the eastern horizon we heard
the thunder of the Sioux, advancing, charae,
and then the Colonel called out, “They're com-
ing, boys; keep cool, hold your fire until we
discharge the cannon, then pour it into ‘em.
“On they came, but it was still so dark that
we could not see’ them, They rode in silence
until they were so near we could make out
their forms, their trailing plumes and feathers,
Then with one aceord they gave their dreadful
war-ery and let fly their arrows and discharged

 

Almost at the same moment the cannon belohe
out their deadly hail, the men followed suit with
rifle and pistol, and the shrill, deflant warery
changed to shrieks of pain and terror, as the
enemy wheeled and rode back into the dark-
ness out of which they came, Fainter and
fainter grew the hoof beats of their horses un-
til, finally, they died away inthe distance. But
music to our ears--out infront Where grape eho’,
and rifle and pistol balls had met the charge,
wounded and dying were groaning and gasping
for breath. A wounded horse, strug«ling to
regain its feet, gave vent to piercing, almost
human, cries of pain and terror. We started to
mish out to the scene, when the Colonel called
out that we were to remain where we were
until daviight, so we impatiently resumed our
positions, Liltle by little the darkness faded
| away hefore the crimsoning sky, and as the
lht grew we began to see what havoc we had
played in the ranks of the Sioux
dying warriors and horses were scattered here
and there, singly and in groups,
another; and away beyond, crawling on their
hands and knees, or limping painfully along,
were a number of wounded rascals endeavoring
to reach a place of concealment before the
growing light should reveal them to our eyes
| “Now, then, boys!’ the Colonel shouted
| ‘mind what you are about: one of these wounded
fellows will feign death until you are right over
| him and then discharge a rifle or pistol in your
| face, Well, go at ‘em.’
| “Werushed ont, I was a pretty fair sprinter
in those days and managed to get the shield
bow and quiver of a big tall fellow, who himself
| had seyeral long, fine, golden-haired scalpa
| fastened to his war shirt. They were not yet
| thoroughly dry, and I knew they had been
| taken
recently buried. I had great satisfaction in
cutting off his topknot
“LT had vust finished stripping my prize when
| I saw some of the men grouped about some-
thing a little way beyond, and ruoning over
there found they were look’ yr at one of the In-
dians, who had tried to crawl away. His leg
was broken, and a rif'e ball had torn away part
of his ear, from which the blood was aripning
and crimsoning bis war shirt of white buckskin
andermineskins. He was now sitting perfectly
still, a larwe knife firmly grasped in bis hand, as
if he intended to Getend himself to the last,
His eyes fairly blazed with an expression of
mingled hate and fear, exactly such as I have
seen in a wounded wolf when brought to baye
The boys were discussing how best to despatch
him, when one of them exclaimed” [Let's pay
him ont with his own medicine Bhooting is
too good for him, a knife thrust too painless
we'll kill him with a bow and arrow.

“This was agreed upon, and taplog those I
| had in mv hand, the nan who made the propo-
sition stepped out in front of us, fitted the arrow,
and drawing the how with all his strength de-
liberately drove the ahaft into the fellow fs right
lung The Indian gave an awlul shriek of pain,
grasped the haft with both hands and tired to
draw it out: but the agony was too great and he
keeled over, writhing horribly, the blood pour-
ing from his nose and lips in 9 foaming stream
Steeled as our hearts were against these mur-
derers of women and children, we could not
| stand that, and in an instant one or two well-
| directed shots put an end to his suffering

‘The excitement over, the last of the wounded
despatched, we went over the field and counted
the bodies, finding sixty-seven in all, which
wasn't so bad, considering we had no good licht
to shoot by. Needless to say that the Sioux
troubled us no more, from there on to our dea-
tination not an Indian came near us,”

STILL FREE LAND FOR

| More Than Eleven Million Acres Subject to
Entry tn South Dakota.
From the Chicago Record.
Sioux Fas, 8. D., July 26.—According
to the reports Just completed by the registers
and receivers of the’ seven United States land
offices in this State, South Dakota to-day has
an aggregate of, in round numbers, 11,500,000
acres of vacant Government land which 1s
| now subject to entry by qualified applicanta.
The Rapid City district is the largest in the
State, as well as one of the largest in the coun-
try. It contains a total of 18,181,000 acres.
Of this amount, 2,370,422 acres have been ap-
propriated. There are embraced in Indian,
military and timber reservations a total of
2,595,405 acres. An aggregate Qf 345,552 acres
| not yet surveyed will be subject to entry when-
| ever it is surveyed. Of the lands now sub-
ject to entry there are a total of 7,899,231 acres,
divided among the various counties in the
district as follows
Butte, 1,247,013; Choteau,
$04,225; Delano, 628,016; Ewing, 643,403; Fall
River, 606,780; Harding, 804,658; Lawrence,
6,248; Martin, 460,120; Meade, 287,944; Penn-
ington, 124,755; Rinehart, 500,440; Scobey, 670,-
| 168; Wagner, 457,400; Washington, 88,279; Zie-
bach, 578,767.

The character of the land in
counties is described as follows: Butte county,
agricultural and grazing; Choteau, agricul-
| tural and grazing; Custer, broken agricultural
and mineral; Delano, rolling prairie; Ewing,
rolling prairie; Fall River, part hilly, ricul:
tural and grazing; Harding, a ¢ cultural and
«razing; Lawrence, broken timbered, mineral
and prairie, agricultural and grazing; Martin,
agricultural and grazing: Meade, hilly, tim-
bered and prairie, agricultural; Pennington,
hilly, timbered, agricultural and mineral and
prairie agricultural and grazing; Rinehart,
rolling prairie; Scobey, broken and well-watered;
Wagner, rolling prairie; Washington, agricul-

 

 

SETTLERS,

 

601,105; Custer,

 

the various

 

dead or wounded. As we surveyed this awful
scene none of us could help shedding tears.
We could have kept our nerve had we found
only the corpses of the men,but the sight of those
poor women and innocent children, hack
charred, and acalped, was more than we ooul
bear; it was heartrending. And what must
have been the feeling of these men, these hus-
bande and fathers in their last momenta, ere
they were struck down by the bullets or arrows
of the Sioux! What distressing, what awful

ony of mind they must have endured in |
that brief time, as they realived that through
their carelessness, through their haste, through
their fever for gold, they had doomed their |
loved ones to a frightful death, or even worse, |
at the hands of the cruel savages.

“We began at once to bury the oo . but
it was not until the next evening that we laid
the last one in its grave. Then we made a
great pile of the trunks, boxes and household
goods seattered around, and burned them,
that they might not fall into the handa of the
Indians. The live stock, of course, had been
driven away by the raiders, who had also taken
all the firearms of the party: at least we never
found 80 much as @ six-shooter. So far as
I could learn the four young women were never |
heard of again.

“We b ocqresty resumed the trail beyond
Plum Creek when Indians were again seen on |
the distant ridges watching our progress and |
in larger numbers than before. was thought
that y were the scouts of the party who had
massacred the poor souls we had just buried.
As soon as the first one was seen, Col. Vaughn
ordered all the extra men to climb into the wag-
ong and remain there until duak. ‘If they see
only the bullwhackers and herders,’ he said, |
‘they. will think us easy prey and no doubt
attack us in the course of anightortwo. I hope
they will.’

“Not a man of us but hoped so too; every-
one was thirsting to avenge the death of those
women and children, even if he died in the at-
tommpt

“We camped early. As soon as night fell we
loaded the two cannon with heavy charges of
ounce balls and placed them on opposite sides
of the corral, where spaces had been left between
the wagons gulirientty wide to permit their
being instantly run out and fired. Then, after
enclosing the stock we all spread our beds
under the wagons and lav down in our clothes,
rifles and six-shooters beside us, ready to spring
up and do our best at the first alarm from the

uards, The short night wore quickly away,
owever, and the sun rose on as peaceful a
acene as one could wish to see. he green

press. dotted with bands of buffalo and ante-
ope quietly feeding, the cheerful songs of the
larks and thrushes, fave no hint that at any
moment a painted horde of savages might
come surging over the nearest ridge to make
us battle for our lives. How earnestly we
scanned the crests of those low ridges and rolling
hills, through the bine haze of the early morn-
ing, for some s " of ye eee ow we
wis we cou jon) through them and «
what was beyond. a
‘Immediately after breakfast, as on the pre-

ay, Col, Vaughn ordered ev
bull whackers and herders into wagons

PTT rei hal gn Beal

| stated,
| &8 acres included in Indian reservations

tural and grazing; Ziebach, broken prairie.

Of the 8,244,783 acres in the Rapid City dis-
trict ncluding that which is not yet surveyed—
it is estimated that about 2 per oent. is timbered,
about 18 per cent. agricultural, about 25 per
cent. arid and about 60 per cent grazing land

The next largest land district in the State,
80 far as the amount of land at present sub-
ject to entry is concerned, is the Chamberlain
district, which has a total of 1,706,520 acres of
yacant government land subject to entry.
The vacant land is distributed by counties as
follows: Brulé, 0,380 acres; Buffalo, 10,680; Greg-
ory, 31,020: Lyman,, 1,011,450; Stanley (part),
643,000. Lyman county now includes the for-
mer counties of Prat and Presho, which ac-
counts for its large area. Lands have been
entered in the various counties aa follows:
Brule, 524,620; Buffalo, 127,820; Gregory, 112,128;
Lyman, 286,165; Stanley, 51,610.

The Pierre district comes third with a total
of 1,689,029 acres now subject to entry. These
lands are distributed among the various counties
of the_ district as follows: Stanley, 1,562,042
acres: Hughes, 91,524 acres; Sully, 22,115 acres,
and Lyman, 12,448 acres. The total number
of acres in the district is 6,078,550. Of this
amount 1,225,463 acres have,been appropriated,
leaving the amount subject to entry as above
In the Pierre district there are 5,169,-

Tn that portion of the State east of the Mis
souri River vacant government land is becoming
a curiosity. In the Aberdeen district there are
a total of only 219,266 acres of vacant govern-
ment land which is subject to entry, of which
Brown county contains 872 acres, Campbell,
76,534 acres; McPherson, 52,814 acres; Edmunds,
89,978 acres, and Walworth, 50,568 acres. Dur-
ing last year a total of 62,1900 acres wae en-
tered by homesteaders at the Aberdeen office.

A year ago there were 20,041 acres of vacant

overnment land subject to entry in the Mitchell
and district. Concerning hand matters in his
district at the present time Register Foster
of the Mitchell Land office writes: “The vacant
lands in this district have practically all been
taken up since the passage of the Free Homes

I, only a few odd fractional tracts now re-
maining vacant, which are very rough and
practically worthless, lying along the Missouri.”

As this district contains the lands which were
ceded by the Yankton Indians a few years ago,
it will be seen that no more of those lands re-
inain. The price which settlers were required
to pay the Government for the land before the
passage of the “free-homes" bill was about $3.50

eracre, Even at this price a great deal of the
and was entered by homesteaders and since the
Government reinoved this requirement and per-
mitted settlers to enter the land and secure title
by the payment of only the regular land office
fees and commissions, amounting to only a few
dollars upon each quarter section, the remainder
of the land was speedily taken.

The Huron and Watertown diatricta contain
small amounts of vacant land subject to entry
compared with the mammoth districts west of
the Missouri Kiver. In the Huron district there
has been an increase in lands subject to entry
due to a large number of cancellations of expir

culture en , some 170 in number,
eelection

nee wf with det we
fio State ‘ot South Dakoun” *

 

oo eer re

their guns at the apparently sleeping train, |

 

|

 

| that he may

Dead and |

viled one on |

rom some of the poor women we had |

 

THE LIMIT AT DRAW POKER

DIFFERENCE WHEN THE BETTING
IS FREE OR RESTRICTED,

One a Game for Experts, the Other for Re.
ginners—Assistance of the Limit to the
Timid Novice—Development of the Quai.
ities That Make the Game Fascinating,
Much has been said already of the diferancg

between a limit game of draw poker and an iin.

limited or even a table-stakes gaine 4 brief
consideration of the nature of the limit and
of the effect it has on actual play will, sow.
ever, be found valuable to one who seeks to
understand the philosophy of the game and nog
merely to dabble in it as a0 amusement

The term limit applied to poker means siny ly
that no single bet can be made of a greatop
amouot than is agreed upon at the beginning
of the sitting. It may often happen that the
player who desires to retain in will be core

 

 

pelled to put up at one time two, three or four
times the amount of the limit in order to he
entitled to a chance for the pot in the show.
down. And it may happen that he will have
to do this more than once, but the reason iq
that he has either to throw down his cards of
meet two or three or more single bets ator

To illustrate; Suppose that seven players
all have drawn cards. It is A's first bet, and
the limit being 10 cents, he bets that amourr,
B raises 10 cents. © has, the ore, to pa ;
centa tor a show, which he does, but be a
raises it 19, making 80 cents, whieh Domust pug
up if he desires to bet at all If then he raises

and F, does the same, it will cost F 50 cents tor
his show. It is entirely possible, howeve
raise in turn and thet G will

it necessary to put up 60 cents or else droy

It he also has confidence in his cards | y
make his bet 70 cents, although the lint bag
not been removed and is still fixed at cents,
He has made the largest bet possible with that

the

limit and that number of players ir ‘x
and A having next say Will be obliged t

 

 

@ cegts to remain in which is the lar
sum ean he called on to pay in. tt is tot
remembered, however, that he is not req ¢
topay it. No one is ever obliged to beta single
chp in poker if he prefers to drop out. ie
may, however, have to bet with each other
player in the game the full amount of the t
or else throw down his cards. It will be seer
therefore, that (i's bet of 70 cents cx treat
seven distinet bets, one with each of bis antuu.
onists who have already put theirr j

him to cover, and one In which te kos the

initiative and which will win the por tor a
if none of the others shall cover his ‘

Following this up it will be seen that cach
player in turn must put up 70 cent slong aa
each one retains enough confidence in
to bet the limit on it when his turr
There is no record, so far as the writer k v's,
of seven pluyers all raising in turn for: a
than a sinwle round, Inuit there is r
why, seven hands good enough to suge
play should not be held in any deal Phe«l
of its being an actual occurrence, howeve
practically oil. The hands would have to ba
remarkably good to inauce any but the most
reckless players to continue jo raise while six
other vlavers were all raising, and seven re.
markably good hands are not to be looked for
in one deal

The limit therefore fixes the amoupt which
each man may bet on his own initiative when
his turn comes to bet, but before he can make
a bet of his own he must cover that of each
one of the players before him who has made
one, When a limit is fixed, however, it dis.
poses of one objection that is sometimes mada
to an unlimited game. This objection is that
aman may be forced at any time to lay down
a hand that would probably win or else to bet
much more on it than his judgment approves,
Those who make this objection, and heavy
gamblers have been known to make it, seem
to forget that the man who forces them to
such an alternative is playing poker of the
very highest type, and that the g@ame Is con-
tinually offering them opportunities to do the
same thing, providing they have the courage
to play aga@ressively

Tt can hardly be said that the most aggressive
player is the most successful, though th
gressive polley is probably the best in the lon
run unless the limit is small, but it is true that
the limit is a serious hinderance to that species
of play which is based on an estimate of the
personal strength of opposing players rather
than on the actual strength of thecards in one’s
hand. In its true significance, therefore, the
limit is a safeguard to those who lack the
requisite skill or courage to play with real
experts, and while it is invaluable in this re
gard it totally prevents the kind of play in
which the expert delights. For this reasen
those who are learning the game and who are
at all concerned in regard to the amount of
money they mav lose at a sitting should never
play in a game in which the Ifmit is not fixed at
asim small enough to keep their losses within
bounds, No positive statement can be mada
as to what a plaver may win or lose in a given
time even in a limit game, but a fair estimate
can be made, It is reckoned that in a four
hours’ sitting with seven players in the game
no player is at all likely to win or lose mora
than a hundred times the amount of the limit,
It is true that an extraordinary run of good
or bad luck may cause these figures to seem
emall. A plaver, however, who should win
more than $100 {n four hours in a dollar limit
game would be entitled to consider his lick
extremely remarkable, while he who sheild
lose more than $100 would be considered either
an extremely poor player or else a most ns-
erably unlucky one

There are instances on record In which even
one hundred and fifty times the limit has heen
won or lost by a single player within the time
mentioned, but they are referred to with aston-
{shment, and always attributed to a min of
luek which {s not to be looked for excepting
at rare intervals. The highest winning or loss
that is to be expected, according to the law of
averages, by any one player in seven would
probably be from forty to fifty times the limit

possibly lesa than that—while it is extremely
common to find at the end of the game that
nobody has won or lost ten times the limit

The beginner, therefore. or he whose means
are not sufficient to warrant him in playing
what mar be called poker of the more advanced
kind, may easily calculate what sort of came
it ie safe for him to play by setting aside the
sum he is willing to lose at a single sitting for
the chance of making as much, and then p!
ine with a limit of 1 per cent. or not more
than 2 per cent. of that sum

But while this is a pratseworthr and even
A Necessary precatition for the plaver whose
inexperience or lack of means makes him timid,
he must remember that he is by no means likely
to learn to play a good game of poker in a limit
ame. The most he can hope {5 do by play
ne thus is to heeome thoroughly familiar
with the rules of the game and the run of th
cards, and to attain a measurable degree a
confidence in his own play

If, after having done all this, he shall come
to consider himself a fairly good plaver, an
shall desire to learn more of what poker reall?
is, hia best plan is to set aside the eum he is will-
ing to risk and sft in at a table stakes game.
His previous training will be sufficient so fat
as it goes, but he will have to reconstruct his
estimates In betting, or rather to form estimates
on the basis of entirely different relations he-
tween the betting and the cards in hand The
avetem is so radically different that he will find
the bets commonly made in the table atakes
game to be entirely disproportionate to those

 

 

  

  

     

 

 

 

 

which would be discreet in the small limit game.
Tt will be observed again that a dist! n
is implied between the game with a ema it

and the game with a large one. It ia not an ar
bitrary distinction, for the moment the limit
is fixed at a larger amount than would nature
ally be ventured blind on a small hand, no Ope
position having developed, that moment. the
character of the game changes. In all limit
games the tendency with most plarers_{s to
make the usual bet equal tothe limit. Where
the limit is large enough to be considered ime
rtant money, there comes a certain elasticity
n the betting, which @tves some variety to the
ame, though not enough to make it resemble
1@ table stakes play. There are some players
in most games who will bet the limit nearly
alway’, either as an attempt at a bluff, or from
impatience of the very restraint they have
agreed to. The same players would het either
smaller or larger sums in a table stakes gare,
according to the circumstances of the deal
thus demonstrating what has just been «aid,
that the latter variety develops a much more
rofound knowledge of the game. as wel! a9
tter judement and more nerve, than {s likely”
to_come from constantly playing with a lim!
Those who really desire to study the
and have mastered the — rud{mer
therefore advised to set aside the #1
intend to risk and join the table stakes game
with that amount in front of them, rater than
to play with a limit. It fs quite possible that
they will find the sittings shorter, for there $s
a constant temptation @@ risk the entire amoung
on a single hand, burt that fact itself will th
to make one's play more cautious, for the fact
that opportunities for bold play abound will
teach one to study more carefully the distir
tions between those situations in whieh b
play is advisable and those where it is foolish

 

 

 
 
  

 

A Caban Teacher's English.

From the Boston Evening Tranacritt,

Thejntelligent struggles of the Cuban taehe
ere with English have furnished us with a good
many pretty stories. One day not long ago the
teachers were invited to some sort of anevening
function at the Lonwfellow house on Brattle
street. It happened that shortly before the
hour for the assembly some ladies who were In
front of that house were politely approached by
a group of male Cuban teachers, oho, with their
hats in their hands, stood bowing

“If you please, dear madams,” said their
spokesman, “ we are invited at this house toe
night. We wish to attend. We were been on
an excursion to the distance, and have not the
time to go to our hose, So that we wear, 08
you see, our day dress Perhaps you can tell
us if it would be permitted to us to go to the re-
ception in our day dress? If it would not, then
certainly shall we take the time to go to our
house and put on our night dress'”

The ladies assured them that they would do

uch better to go as they were than to put *

‘ and they bowed gravely

pay drew.

 

 

 

Jobn

hittle ¥e

near %
a cloud
clear
mortar
togothe
explod
and onl
“Wha
“afl
Lindboh
Bman
The b
The Gr
phot w
from t
of the b
Curt!
peculiar’
He had
he saw
ror and
his hes
“They.
noticing
silent.
“Yust
why the

in pursul
Mons!

which yo
Bwering.
Hasse

os, Ww
evidently
tion, pie
ood, ne
ota, res!
wed, «
le solict
“You

Breve
ew whe

. Seem
“And

1” (wil
ristian
Tto lo

Curtts‘gi
ing with
Was leani
bugle ;
They
tts
the Tur
thousand
"1 lam d
canno
I will no
¥ friend
desire tq
ey Chen
Iwill p
be able i
to this