simply
reater
nning
t the
come
r four
to be
show-
| have
o is
rds or
nee,
layers
t, and
mount,
pay 20
e Also
st put
raises,
nts for
ever,
ill fined
pour,
‘may
nit has
cents,
h that
game,
to pay
largest
to be
Mired
single
t. fis
other
e limit
Keer)
ists o
antog-
uptor
es the
r him

y.
t each
Ona ag
hand
comes,
nows,
more
reason
t such
hanes
yer, is
to be
most
hile six
en rH
ed for

which
when
make
f each
made
it dis-
made
is that
down
to bet
roves,
heavy
, seem
em to
of the
is con-
do the
urage

easive
he ag-
e long
ye that
pecies
of the
rather

ones
pre, the
ck the
h real
Is ree
play in
reason
ho are
punt of
id never
xed at
within

mada

given
timate
a four
game,

more

limit
if good

seem
d win
r limit
= luck
should
either
it mise

even
s been
he time
aston-
un of
pting
or losa
law of
would
he limit
mely
e that
mit.
means
layin
an
game
e the
ga for
play-
t more

even
Tie
ikels
a Hie
Ay-
hilar

pr GEORGE HORTON,

Copyrights 1900, by George Horton
wopsis OF PRECEDING CHAPTERS,
g American, who chances to
« At the outbreak af the Greco Turkish
pihuetering expedition w Crete, The
’ hed, but Curtis, Lieut Lindbohm,
and «a native Cretan, Michall,
ly, ‘They arrive at a village
the inhabitants Curtte has
sean urchin, He is nursed by
oriest’s daughter. In a few days
wie advance of the Turks under Kos
med the town, ‘The Cretans gather In the
vn Cgbbng and the women and gisle keep
; Thirty Turks are Killed, but
wounded abd Panayota ts captured
e Cretans retreat to the sea, hos
» town, taking the old priest and
s prisoners Curtis, representing
per correspondent, also accom
costakes has the old priest mur
‘the guards, wounds another
Panayota. They meet Lindbohm
stack the Basht Hazouks, who re
irus and Lindbohm each dis
+ other ta in love with the Cretan ca
« now imprisons her tn his harem In
to persuade her to marry him. The
reloin the Cretans and assist
wnt khouse, The allied gunboats

urd the nearby fort

rtis, a youn

CHAPTER XXIX.
Men, stil] running, were disappearing into
the distant nill rhe Swede and the Amert-
an wore entirely alone The toy ships con-
~ a to h their potyphemfan misafles,
= a they ftring at us?" gasped Curtis

rele ng from appearances, I should say
ther were plied his companion,

Four Cretans had turned back and were run-
ping towar { the rufned blockhouse, One
the color bearer of Lindbohm's company,
be as was carrying the Greek flag. Straight
aie house he ran, and, handing the stand-

ed to one of his companions he climbed upon
e Ashestood there a shell dropped so
t he was for a moment obscured tn

et. When the alr became again
ming the flagpole into the soft

ped down and ran away,

Another shell
Cretana,

! comrades
feet from the four
ranon.

2" asked Curtis

#4 fytrug pleer probably,® replied
Lindbohm, “When itis raining 6-Inch shells
pman must just take his chances."

The bombardment did not last much longer,
wo also brought down by a
tch elf inbounded admiration

a shell striking the corner
t was planted,

for the first time the
sensations of a soldier of fortune.
his life for that flag, yet
thout the thrill of hor-
ive surged through

bis heart had it been the American emblem,

“They are shooting at the flag'” he exclaimed,
noticing that the ships in the bay had become
gilent

“Yust 60,” observed Lindbohm, “and that ts
why they commenced {n the first place. They
mistook the Turkish officer’s shirt for the Greek
flag. But here he comes now.”

Hassan Bey was powdered as white as a
great moth. He advanced with a sprightly
gtep, the scabbard of his eword jingling among
the cobblestones. Greeting Lindbohm re
spectfully with a military salute, he turned to
Curtis and bowed low, his hand upon his heart,
He spoke as one who had hastily prepared an
address.

*Monsteur, in my own behalf and that of my
little band, I thank you for saving our lives.
Your heroism and magnanimity do credit to
the nation which you represent. I beg of you
to accept this eword as a pleaxe of my undying
gratitude.” And he grasped with both hands
his curved ecimitar In ita rir hly mounted case
and held it impulstvely toward the American,
‘who looked ainazedly at Lindbohm.

“Better take it.” aald the latter.
offend a brave man if you don't.”

“But what for? Why the deuce should he
give me his sword?*

"Very graceful act, seeing you yumped tn
front of the Cretan guns and saved his life.”

“Sid I do that? I don’t remember anything
adcst it.”

“Better take it,” repeated Lindbohm.
is. ‘ginning to feel embarrassed.”

Curtis accepted the scimitar, but could not
find appropriate words. The occasion seemed
to demand a set speech.

*Merci! Mercit™ he stammered. “My father
will be glad to get this. He is fond of this sort
of thing. He already has a pair of pistols
and an old Turkish gun.”

And he fell to examining the hilt, which was
embossed with silver, and the scabbard, adorned

with fowers and various animals. An awk-
ward sdence ensned, broken at length by Has-
tan Bey, who addressed himself to Lindbohm.
“And now, {f Monsieur does not consider
mea prisoner of war, [ will take my leave.”
Again saluting Lindbohm and salaming
edand walked away,
now?” asked Curtis, “Getthe
to r again?”
To hell with the band!” exploded Lindbohm,
of them. They fight all right, but
heres no way to entoree discipline. J think
igo to America. There snould be some beauti-
ful lighting berween the Americans and Span-
dards,” ¢ qd} e looked dreamily across the sea,
“Wa w it tighting Kostakes after all,”
mused Curtis
Lindbohm came to earth with a start and
glanced Jarply after the slender, erect figure
ofthe departing Turk, whose body was now cut
of below the arn >a ledge of rock.
“Monsieur' ied the Swede, and started
fa pursnit he Turk turned slowly and waited,
Monsieur will pardon me,” said Lindbohm,
e had overtaken Hassan Bey. “LL wish
question on behalf of my friend here,
rou will use your own diseretion in an-

and only three
“What killed Mfr

of rock,

“k flag

now

peculiar
He had been risk!

he saw it fired uy

porand rage which would!

“Needlesaly

“He

Hassan bowed grav
“My friend is interested in a young Cretan
fl Panayota Nicolaides, whom Kostakes Ef-
eodi has abducted We have been following
takes, hut has disappeared. Do you
{him or the g 7
» and the Bashi Bazouks
» irl, who is now locked
irem at Canea, He has gone
it is why he was not here
support the block house
ot be depended on,
ving siege to the af-
ilready in his power,
He is only half a

irl’

Up in Kostak os's |

eis half :
Hassan } rn suddenly voluble, Kos
s t Y hensible doings, waa
Rage,indigna-
ped down upon Curtis like a
ow cold, as he thought of Pana-
din the house of that square-
pereilious ‘Turk, subject to his
eo ps his insults,
k would dare to do her
as the thought that he
avota was and might yet save
most tolift him from the ground.
vot?" demanded Hassan. “But
indeseribable scorn). “It is the
n blood " him, I tell you He wants

8. Lindbohm, pale as dea’
{nat a rock,
ut sweet

was flushed and he was frome
h
A

biting his lip.
and clear, in the dis-

Cretan trumpeter,” remarked
, Ohee more au revoir, and a

rd thanke.”
h the troop,” sald Lindbohm.
1 them, and I am a soldier,
where discipline is impossible.
Wish to oCanea, We-we
he island.”

e” erled Hassan gayly.
rough the lines, and I may
te prove my. gratitude
Taau Who bas saved my lite,
rades'” and stepping between
r 4 hin, he grasped each by the

“Th ween the it ugle sounded,
oc, (Mi Baht,” mused the Swede sadly
ne We and hooking back over his ahoulder,

thotsieuyt* Gs&ipiine, no discipline! Allons,

CHAPTER XXX
Rostakes had something of
y to Panayota something
i ee his perturbed
trnine ar oh. u failed
tnd the hy. th
ORLA Kee
Man
the

Importance to
unpleasant, to
uppenrance, The
to open at the first
v, the lock was old and worn
hot always respond. Rut
‘tlraly try again, ‘ike a sane
is weleht pettishly against

y barrier sid kicked noisily at
Ving thus given vent in a slight
N@ passion, he again tried

he tO himself meanwhile in
heuage I whe mn every way
ry thar ish in a erisis da.
falling into tha
Pup with a jerk and
ppy_airl. To Pana.
ivs arent nim hitherto in a

we ive mood, he seemed like a

Gt net frie tt off a mask. Bomehow he
Bonde with nh her, for his looks now corre-
her idea of his real character;

doe

He thr

that scowling brow, those glaring eyes, that
protruding under jaw trembling with rag
well befitted the murderer of her father and o
her young companions, and the despoiler of
her home. She was not afraid, because, with
& woman's quick perception, she understood
that the passion which had taken possession
of her perseoutor for the moment was not the one
most dangerous to her honor, Death she did not
fear; it was one of the doors of escape which
she counted on to rid her of the terrible risk
which she felt herself to be running every
day —a danger more dreadful than death to a
Sphakiote maiden and the daughter of @ priest,
[f Kostakes should come into her room some
time when he was drunk! But now he was
; only angry, seemingly speechless with rage,
She had been peering through the grating of
her window watching a rat that was running
to and fro in the sunleas court below: he was
#o fat and his legs were so short that be seemed
to be sliding over the pave like a toy mouse
that her father had once brought from Athens.
When she first heard Kostaukes’s key in the
lock she grasped the iron bars to keap herself
from. falling and, leaning against the wall
stood looking at the door, And thua she stood
now, 4 smile of scorn faintly curling her pale
lip. Kostakes strode across the room and,
seizing her wrist, wrenched her hand loose
from the iron bar.

‘You won't marry me, eh?” he said, “Eh?
I'm not good enough for you, eh? I suppose
I'm old or ugly, or you prefer somebody else?
Is that it, eh? Well, now I'm going to tame
you. You wouldn't have_me as_a Christian,
you shall have me aa a Turk, There aren't

oing to be any more Christians, do yon hear?
sh? Do you hear? We're going to kill the
whole cursed brood of them: - English, French,
Italians, Cretans. There wont be one left,
Islam is aroused. We'll cut their throats -"
he shouted, flinging the wrist from him and
making an imaginary slash at his own neck
“The streets will run blood, Every dog of an
uybellever in Crete must die men, women
and children—except you.”

The blood of the Turkish father had pre-
vailed, and Kostakes had been overwhelmed
with that form of religious mania which ertes
for blood. He had jotned a band of young
Turks, who had planned a grand coup, to save
Creta, and his Christian love for Panayota
was fast turning into Turkish love. It needed
but a riot of blood and rapine to make the
change complete,

“You would not have me as a Christian,”
he said, with his hand on the doorknob; “this
night you shall take me as a Turk,” and he
went out,

Panayota, being left alone again, was fright-
ened, and it is proof of the girl's nobility of
soul that she thought not of herself, but of
her fellow Christians, whom she believed to
be in imminent danger. If she could only
escape and give them warning! But she dis-
missed that thought, for she had tried every
possible means again and again. She might
stand at the window and scream, but she had
already done that with no effect, Kostakes's
house was right in the centre of the Turkish
quarter, and the screams of a hysterical or
angry woman attracted little attention,
girl shouting in Greek for “beethia” (help)
was a time-honored legend of Turkish rule;
aa old as Islam and as natural as murder, He-
sides, her window looked ont against a blank
wall, and her voice would be stifled tn a closed
court. No, there was no use in shouting, Se
as @ last resort, she fell upon her knees and
besought the Virgin to help and save the people,
to pity the mothers and the little children and
to turn away from them this Ganges. Now,
while she was praying a conflict had beep tak-
ing place within the breast of Kostakes, of
which he felt the effects, but of which he was
entirely unconscious, The blood of his Greek
mother had been making 4 last stand against
that of his Mohammedan father, and while he was
even yet breathing out curses ainst the
Christfans and muttering: “She shall have me
as a Turk,” he turned about automatically,
as {t were, and retraced his steps to Panayota’s
room. The girl rose from her knees

“l am praying the holy Virgin to save my
people,” she said in a solemn tone, Her eyes
were streaming with tears, Kostakes shud-
dered, and involuntarily raised his arm, re-
straining himself with difficulty from making
the sign of the cross, This Virgin of his mother
could be a very terrible being when angry.

“Panayota,” he aaid, “| was too rough
with you just now. But you are very obstinate.
Listen, tell you the truth. The Young
Turks have planned a grand coup, and I have
oined them. But 1 would do anything for you
f you would only ket me. Say that you will
marry me, and 1 will give the foreign officers
warning, and the Christians will be saved.
will then turn Christian-—O, Panayota, won't
you marry me?”

But the Virgin had comforted Panayota and
given her courage. She pointed superbly to
the door.

“Go,” she cried, “God will save his people
without this sacrifice. He will not connive at
the pollution of a Christian maiden!”

CAAPTER XXXL.

Kostakes went to the bazaar of his friend,
Mehemet Effendi, Mehemet was of about o
an age with the Captain, and had attended
school with him. He was young and hand-
some, with red cheeks, thin, large nose,
thick lips. He affected European costume,
but, being a full-blooded Turk, was a sincere
worshipper of the Prophet, and an enthnsiastio
member of that society of youre who believed
that Islam was about to be rejuvenated and
purified, after which it would rise and over-
whelm the unbeliever in a series of, victories
greater than when it swept Asia and the isles
of the sea with the beeom of fanaticism and
carried its one star to the gates of Vienna,
Mehemet's partner was a black-bearded, pale-
faced Persian, 40 years of age, who wore a blue
vest, blue trousers that were full about the
hips and tight at the ankles, carpet slippers
and a red fez. Hassan Bey Sabbah was a
Mahometan by profession, but his belief was
colored and weakened by the secret influence
of an ancient religion. His soul was haunte
by the unrecognizable ghosts of the dead gods
of Mardonis and Masistius, He was prudent
in business and mildly deprecatory in speech,
The bazaar into which Kostakes now walked
was a tiny room, fronting upon the kaleido-
scopic square, The greater portion of its
stock was piled in the capacious windows,
brass candlesticks, Cretan knives and revol-
vers, Byzantine silver jewelry, antique earth-
enware, Turkish and Persian embroideries,
The only furniture consisted of a round-topped
wooden table, inlatd with mother-of-pearl,
that stood in the middle of the floor; a divan
and a couple of chairs, Side by. side upon the
wall, in cheap frames, hung the sad, cruel,
blasé faces of Abdil Hamid and the latest suc-
cessor of Xerxes.

Mehemet was standing under his awning
watching the shifting throng, and occasionally
casting expectant glances atthe bay. Hia eyes
were bright and bis face was pale from nerv-
ousness,

“Any news, Kosta? Any news?” he demanded
fn a cautious tone, Kostakes made no reply,
but flinging himself into one of the chairs inside
the shop, began to beat a lively tattoo with his
riding whip on the top of his boot. Hassan,
who had been pretending to sleep on the divan,
rose to a sitting position and yawned

“Don'tbetray your feelings so,” said Mehemet;
“the hour when the faithful shall triumph is
almost at hand. Be patient.”

"I'm sick of the whole cursed spawning of
Christians ” cried Kostakes, making the whip
crack on his boottop like a pistol shot. “I want
to see the throats of the last them slit. I."

“Now, Kosta, Kosta, in the name of the Allah,”

rotested Hassan, springing to the door and
ooking to riaht and left.

Mehemet patted the
shoulder soothingly.

excited man on the

“He cannot help it,” he explained. “It is
Islam rising. Patience, Kosta, but a little
jonger, and you shall have your fill of sUtting.
We shall spare no one, eh? No Christian sluts
to breed more litters of Christians; no babes to
grow up into Christians!”

*"Mereiful Allah! If you should be heard!”
whispered Hassan in an ague of fear

“You can't make anything out of a Christian,
try how you will,” continued Kostakes. | “They
don't appreciate kindness. Now, take that girl
of mine, Panayota—"

“You are not trifing with her yet?”

“T have treated her with the greatest kind-
ness, | have humbled myself to her, but she
despises me, she abhors me-—me!”

And rising to his full height he smote his ex-
panded chest. “i

“Never mind, never mind,” said Mehemet,
“you shall have your house full of Christian gtris
to-morrow.”

“I've offered to make her the head of my
harem, to-—to--do everything in fact, but still
she is obstinate. Oh, f am through with kind-
ness now. This isa fine state of society when
it is possible for a Christian slut to despise a
Turkish gentleman and an officer to boot!”

Under ordinary circumstances some of Me-
hemet's Christian neighbors would have heard
Kostakes's ravings from afar, and would have
stolen near, At the present moment, how-
ever, the entire population of the square
were surcing own to the water's
edge watching an English ship that was rap-
idly and nolselessly sliding into the harbor.
Evidently it had been expected and its mission
on this occasion was supposedly favorable
to the Christians, for they were nolaily jubilant
and addressed many facetious but tneulting
remarks to their Mohammedan neighbors. The
latter remained silent and gazed at the ap-
proaching vessel with scowling brows.

“Here it comes!” eried Hassan from the
door, as the masts and funnels of the Hazard
suddenly drifted into the background, above

the heads of the throng. _Mehemet, grabbed
Kostakes by the arm and dragged him to the
aoor
; “Sea there!” he cried, forgetting all restraint.
“There comes the disgrace of Islam, my brother
—they have come to enslave us. Those En-
glish are Christians and they hate us. But
your time has come, dogs, your time has come!
and he shook hia fist teward the ship

“But in the name of Allah!" expostulated
Hassan. “These English are our best cus-
tomers. Only vesterday L_sold apiece of
Rhodes embroidery to an English Lieutenant
for four times its value. And we can't fight
the Englieh: they take the moat terrible revenge
Look at-—"

‘Bah! Look at nothing! Look at our most
glorious Sultan, the light of the world and the
defender of the faith Has he not been keeping
all Eurepe at bay for the ast.ten years? 1 here
is no god but’ God, and Mohammed is his

yronhet.”

’ “We must not interfere with the English, I
tell you,” protested Flassan, in t alarm.

“A Christian is a Chr f

THE SUN,

of the spittle of dogs. Kostak they have
come to install the new Christian officials and to
collect the tax. The money of faithful
fier into Christian hands. four old enemy,

latonides, is to be made deputy collector.
How do you like that?”

“Curse his Virgin!” growled Kostakes, again
resorting to Greek, “But he won't live long to
enjoy it. I'll see to that-—desplae mo!”

“Now you're talking sensibly,” interpose
Hassan, admiringly. “There's a way and a
time to do all things, of course. Rut to oppose
the English by force—it's the veriest mad-
neas,”’

The metallic burr of the chain, paying out
rapidly as the Hazard’s anchor plunged, came
to thelr eara with startling distinctiveness,
Mehemet groaned

“Our slavery dates from this moment, unless
we nip this tyranny in the bud, unless we strike
a terrible blow. They will be coming into our
honses next and taking our Christian wives
away from us,”

“Not into mine while I have 200 Bashi Bazouks
at my back!” cried Kostakea, “Curse the Chris
tiana'”

“Have they not given them the pr’: ilewe of
trading in the town? Have they not denied to
Mahometans the right to go out and visit their
farms and gardens? You will see what their
next move will be.”

The sharp, clear tones of an English officer
could be heard, and the rattle of oars as they
were unshipped and boated by the crew of a
man-of-war'’s boat. The crowd at the wharf
surged back, with groans and cheers. But the
wharf was not destined to be the chief centre of
attraction. The acrannel drone of a bagpipe
sounded faintly in the distance, and grew rap-
idly more distinct -a waving thread of sound
that led the measured tread of many feet,
marching to quickstep, out of the silence, and
nearer, nearer. The three Mahometans fixed
their eves upon the opening of a atreet that de-
hbouched not far away into the square. The
bagpipe turned the corner, and ita defiant wail
came straight to thelr ears. The throng at the
wharf turned and looked, then turned back

alin, Ike the distracted spectator at a modern
elreus, where the prodigality of attractions
prevents the enioyment of any. But they were
not long in doubt as to tha princtpal attraction,
for the street ejected from ita mouth at that
moment the most devil-may-care, picturesque,
obs yerous, robust, business-lfke compound
of walling wind and true courage on earth a
Seotch bagpiper. Tamas Macmillan flung
across the square, looking nefther to right nor
left. His hair was red, and his face flamed in
the tropic sun. Every time that he puffed his
cheeks full his head shook with the effort, and
the streamers of his Scotch eap leaped on the
breeze. He was a tall, gaunt, awkward Scot
whose projecting kneecaps played tn front of
the alnewy knees Iike round shields. On he
fared, with chest thrust out and face thrust up,
equeezing the bag under his brawny arm
and letting out ita protesting squeals fn the
notes of “Bonnie Prince Charlie.” Behind him
at a distance came a amall body of Seaforth

Highlanders nd a few bhiejackets, bound
straight for the Custom House, The throng
aeranibled out of the way to right and left, as
though from a bavonet charge. In fact. the
natives did not wait for the troops, but melted
away before the flaming countenance of Tamas
Macmillan

One of Kostakes's Bashi Razouks, a great,
enemas fellow, with a blue and yellow turban
about his head and a gaudy sash about his
waist, in yellow Cretan boots and blue Cretan
breeches of a baggy sort, appeared beneath
Mehermet’s awning and salamed

e Four men are going up to thecustom house,”
tae on ke

Kostakes was fretting to and fro tn the shop
like a big lion in asmall cage, gnawing his upper
lip, twitching at his moustache Every moment
his passion grew, and the anorts of indigna-
tion becarne more and more frequent

“Doesn't want me, eh? The salut. What
does she want? Wouldn't have me on any
terme? Ha,ha. We'll see about that.”

“Effendi,” said the man in a louder voice,

The Captain whirled about with a jerk and
glared at the speaker.

“Well, what do you want?”

The man retreated a step. Kostakes's face
was purple and his eyes Pooked uncanny in
the half light, like acat’s.

“Your men, I said, are going to the custom

house.”

“Bah, Tell them to go to the devil.”

The Bashi Bazouk salamed and started
away, but Mehemet caught him by the arm.

“The effendi is in a terrible rage about Pla-
tonides. Tell the men to go up in” twos and
threes, and--an -to keep out of mischief,”

“We are not armed, effendi,” replied the
man, smiling grimly, and laying his hand upon
the butt of one of the large, old-fashioned
patos in his belt, Beside these weapons,

1e carried a long Cretan knife in a leathern
sheath, tipped with silver.

“We are not armed,” he repeated, “except for
dress.”

“There will surely be trouble,” whined Has-
san, “and these foreigners are our best cus-
tomers.”

‘What are the Christians dotng now?” sneered
Kostakes, atanding in the door. He had passed
into one of those periods of calm which manifest
themsetves in violent ebullitions of rage, like
the fearful silences between thunderclaps,

Mehemet pointed. The British troops and
the marines were drawn up in front of the
Custom House. Rod jackets and gleaming hel-

net tips on one side; bare knees In a row,
kelita and little caps with frisking tafls on the
other, Numerous Bashi Bazouks were seen
standing among the throng, several of them
upon ita outer edge, Kostakes caught sight
of the hated Pigtonides {n company with a
Rritish officer. The guard saluted. and the
Cretan raised his hat, as t one the milltary
courtesy were intended for him.

“If there ts a row,” chuckled postages. “my
men will attendto vou, They'll Install you!”

And he started briskly across the square,
accompanied by Mehemet.

Hasean retired into the shop, trembling
with fear.

“Our beat customers,” he muttered, “and
they never forgive nor forget!” But he could
not restrain his curtosity, and so, after another
moment, he peeped from the dooragain. Every
thing was proceeding quietly and [n order.

“Bah! There will be no trouble, with all
those English there.”

He tlptoed across the open apace tn front of
the door, ready to scurry back at the least
evmptom of alarm. He reached the edge of
the throng, and, forgetting his fear in the midat
of so many friends and netghbora, pushed
boldly through, arriving at the further edge
just In time to receive a bullet In his breast,
Clutching at the air, he staggered a few steps
into the open and fell dead, with one loud cry
to Allah for help. Like many another peaceful
and inoffensive man he had fallen the first
victim {n a scene of violence.

CHAPTER XXXIL

Kostakes himself had been the indirect cause
of Hassan's death. This is what had happened:
He and the impetuous Mehemet were standing
close to one end of the line of Highlanders,
making insulting remarks in Greek for the benefit
of Platonides and their Christian neighbors,
Stung beyond endurance the excitable Greek
pullea the English officer's sleeve and pointed
o his tormentors with raised arm, | Kostakes
stepped boldly forward and shook his fist in
the direction of his enemy, whereupon one of
the statues in kilts came to life and dropped
the butt of his musket on the Turk’s toes, The
latter sprang back with a ery of pain and the
exolamation in Turkish:

“Death to the Christians!”

A Bashi Bazouk, enraged at the insult suffered
by lus commanding officer and taking the excla-
mation for a command, drew. his knife and

unged it to the handle into the Highlander's
yack, Aa the unfortunate man fell his gun was
discharged, causing the death of Hassan Ben Sab-
bah and awakening the demon of massacre
that ror many years had lurked in the towns
and villages of Crete, feverishly and fitfully
sleeping. And what an incenceivably horrible
demon it is! Here is the sweetly wimpling sea
with the Grecian sky above: here are vineyards
and pastures on the hill sidesand theancient pipe
of the shepherd boy; here are white villages that
should hear no sound save such as harmonize
with the vesper chime of some monastery bell
drifting across the waters or the choiring of the
Cretan nightingales. And yet, nowhere on
earth has hate, irresponsible and pitiless, found
80 congenial a home among these idyllic
scenes. Mehemet whipped an English navy
revolver from beneath his coat, and shouting:
“Allah, il; Allah!",fired point blank at the Lieu-
tenant in charge of the guard, who sank to the
earth, gasping

“Steady, bovs: steady.”

Kostakes’s Bashi Bazouks came plung-
ing through the press from all directions,

athering about their master, Knives twirled
n the sun and flashed above the heads of the
people--horrible knives with concave edges,
made for the cutting of throata, And now,
from the mob, from windows and from the
roofs of houses, commenced a sporadic sput-
tering of guns against that gallant body of
men standing in front of the Custom House,
statues yet, save when now and then one sank
to earth—brought to life by. death. Their
officer lay dead at their feet and his last words
had been: “Steady boys, steady!”

The beardlees boy who stood there now in
command, a trifie pale, but firm as a stripline
oak, was for one moment at his wit’s ends, He
could not give the order to fire into the crowd,
killing Turk and Christian alike. That cer-
tainly would not be obeying the last command
of the man whom he had loved, who had been
his model soldier and gentleman, At any rate,
he could die bravely; he was not in doubt about
that part of it for a single moment, But his
hesitation did not Jast for long. A gin boomed
out in the bay louder than all the pandemonium
that was increasing here on shore every minute,
and a shell Gronped on the roof of a house from
which several Turks had been firing at the
British, He would get his men to the wharf, as
close under shelter of the guns as possible,

They arrived at the wharf just as the steam
launch from the Hazard drew up to take them
off, and two sailors held her fast with grappling
poles. Other boats were creeping acroas the
narrow strip of sea, their oars moving rapidly,
like the legs of frightened centipedes. Tho
little sub-Lieutenant drew up his company
facing the rioters, He then detached a squad
to put the wounded into the launch . The fall
of the first two or three shells had caused a
momentary panic in the town, during which

the British succeeded in getting into the boats,
save one wounded man, who had been over
looked somehow in the excitement,

“shove off!” cried the little sul-Lieutenant,
gone? Ae png fo Th dag

ad len ast of that gallant company.
hove off!” repea the middy Seer
boat drifted a foot or eo from wharf,

as the grappling poles were lifted. But at
that moment the brave boy, with a man’s heart,
saw the wounded Highlander, lyir help-
less upon the cobblestones. Even as he looked,
the man rose to his knees, swayed a moment
and fell over upon his side, a bundle of bright
tartan on the gray cobblestones. It was Ta-
mas the piper. Without a moment's hesita-
tion, the litte sub-lieutenant sprang to the
wharf and ran to the rescue The place was
clear, as the rioters had drawn back from
the threatening guns of the British, and were
pouring a galling fire into the boats from wine
dows and corners of houses, As the youn
hero advanced, all these rifles were turnec
upon him, and he was avare of a continual
“zip! zip!” of bullets about his ears His own
men now, assisted by the marines, were an-
i awering the fire, shooting at the Turke as they
stepped slyly out from the shelter of bulld-
ings, or arose at the edge of roofa to take alm.
Tamas was clutching one of the pipes of his
musical instrument with an unloosable grip.
His rescuer vainly atternpted to open the bony
hand. Seeing that the effort. was useless,
he knelt by ‘Tamas, and seizing his two wrista,
drew the fainting man’s aring about his neck;
rising to his feet, he stagwered toward the
wharf, with the Seotchinan upon his shoul-
ders The bagpipe dangled like the limp body
of some animal held by one leg, Strong arms
lifted Tamas into the boat, and again the lit-
tle sub-Hentenant leaped in and eried “Shove
off!’ The sheath of his sword waa badly. bent
by the impact of a bullet and a shot of blood
appeared near his groin, and grew larger.

My God, sir, you're wounded!” almost sob-
bed a burly Seot. But the sub-lleutenant
was young and familiarity is the death of au-
thority. y

“Be qniet, Ferguson,” he said, sternly, with-
out deigning to look at the flesh wound in his
side, which was beginning to smart like a burn,

“Did you bring off my bagpipe? aasked
Thomas Macmillan, wounded to the death, ‘Tis
the sweetest instrument in a’ Scotland.”

A laugh of derision greeted the question,
and even the little sub-lieutenent amiled as
he fainted away into the arms of Ferguson,
who muttered flercely, “It they don't. give
him the Victoria cross for this I'll desert.”

Mr. Ferguson is still with the army.

The arrival of the apip’s boata showed the
captain of the Hazard how serious was the
uprising on shore. Twelve of the soldiers
had been killed and four sallors, and there
were fifty wounded. He therefore determined
to drop a few more shells into the town.

To be continued.

MAINE'S ‘OLDEST MAN,

Edward Spencer Is Nearly 104--Hia Story of
His Third Marriage,

Lincoun, Me, Aug. 22-—The oldest of the
five men of Maine who have passed the century
mark and are still on earth is Edward Spencer
of this tewn, who is almost 104 years of age,
and who has been married four times, and is
the father of twenty-five children, nineteen
of whom are Ilving. He was born in the town
of Orland, Me, on Jan. 2, 1797, and was baptized
two weeks later, asthe ehurch records show,
though the writing is very pale and hardly
decipherable. In 1813 he enlisted as a private
in the war against England and served fourteen
months,when he had some words with a Lieu-
tenant of his company as to how much liquor
a soldier should take when on leave of absence,
and waa put in the guardhouse to think it over.
When he was let out next day he took his gun
and a few rations and ran away to the woods.

“If it hadn't been for that little trick,” aald
the old man, “I might have drawn more than
$10,000 in pensions from the United States,
but I guess I can stand it now, having been
without any Government help for more than

eighty yeara”™ i
Long after the war was over he came to Lin
ooln and took up about 2,000 acres of wild land
and settled down as a Jumber operator. He
was living with his second wife and was worth
hore than $100,000 before he was 50 years of
age On the death of his second wife he took
to hanging about the taverns and spent most
of his earnings in drink. He married a wornan
who, he says, ruined him and ehortened his
dave. The termination of his third matri-
monial venture was unusual The old man

tells the story as follows

“Been stuffln’ yer erbout "Tilda Jane, hev
they? Jest like ‘em, jest like ‘em. Lota uv
folks know more erbout my business than I do
myself, and most uv ‘em live right here in the
village, Fact is, ‘twas a trade, a good sauare
trade, and that was all there was to if. ‘Tilda
Jane married me ‘cause she liked me and ‘cause
I wanted her to. She was an uncommon good
cook and neat and good enough to work, too,
but she wouldn’t stay at hum, jumped ther
fence to go visitin’ ez soon ez I went out to work,
and when I come home the supper was never
ready. I hed to eat cold vittels or go without,
and it got so it was go without most of the time,
I walloped her ez often ez twict a week, but it
didn’t seem to do any good. Jest ez soon ez
I'd go away she'd be out agen a-cavortin: and
a-cahootin’ erbout as if a lickin’ was no morna

fenie to her. I took the question to the min-
ster, who prayed with her and me, and tole us
to be good and love each other, and that ver
night she was gone agin and get the wust wal-
loping of her life Whenshe came bum, | Kime by
Jerry Cook, the tin pedler with one leg, came
to me and sez;

“'B4,' nez he, "Fd, what'll you take fer your
wifes’ sez he. I seed he'd been drinkin’ and
apoke back quick like:

“T'll take 810 spot cash’ sez I, "Give yer er
bar’l of flour,’ he sez, ‘and flour is wuth $5 er
bar'| now,’ “Ten dollars or the trades all off,’
sez I, and turned to go away. “Hole on,’ Bez
Jerry, ‘er trade's a trade, and ef I naree to give
you er bar'l uv flour and two gallons uv rum
faint er man to go back on my word, and you
ought to know if by this time.’ "Do you per-
tend to say that you do make that offer to me
a-settin’ here afore the store with these wit-
nesses present? Ef you do, I'll be forced to
tell you that Ililtakeit,. So bring on your flour
and stop yourchatterin’.’ ‘Ll must hev er bill
uv sue,’ sez he. ‘Rill uv sale be darned,’ sez

. ‘She's my wife, ein't she? And can't I sell
her or swap her, I'd like to know? Ef I sold
you my dog Rose, would you be askin’ me for
er bill uv sale?’ Jerry allowed that he wouldn't

Vhen, I sez to him, ‘Trot out your rum and
your “our, and let's drink to bind the bargatn.'
We all wet our whistles over the hotel bar, and

hat nicht "Tilda Jane went to live with the ped-
er, Anybody who has told you a different
story from what I've told you is tryin’ to injur’
my character, and you mustn't Hsten to what
he says.’

When he was nearly 75 years of age Mr, Spen-
cer married his fourth wite without Fring to
the trouble of getting a divoree from his third
one, Which act involved him in legal eomplica-
tions that took the last of his property. Twenty-
six years avo he had an attack of rheumatic
fever and was compelled to call on the town for
help, As he wrew better and was able to doa
little work it was noticed that his health was so
feeble that he could not be trusted to look out
for himself, ao the Selectmen hired his wife to
care for him, and he has lived in comfort from
thatdate. Whatever money he earns trom tap-

ving shoes and doing odd jobs woes to purchase
{j juor, bnt as his ability is small he seldom geta
enough to do him any harm. The doctors who
have atttended him say that he will outlast the
century by several yeara

CABBY MEETS A GENTLEMAN.

One at Least Who Knew How to Behave When
Ran Over tn the Street.

“One day while I was hustling along Lex-
ington avenue wid me hansom,” said the New
York cabby, as a smile lighted his face, “a
pedestrian, as they calls ‘em, starts to cross
in front of me and is knocked down and rolled
to the curbstone

“‘Hello! Are you kilt?’ says I, and I holds
up and looks down at him

“‘Not at all, sir,’ says he as he rises and
bows to me as nice as you please,

“Then are you much hurted?’

“‘Only a bruise or two, thank you kindly.’

“Wid that he limps off and I drives on. Half
an hour later, over on Fifth avenue, a galoot

saunters out In front of me and is knocked
down and run over by two wheels

“And pwhat's the matter wid you, me laddy-
buck?’ says I as I comes to a stop,

“'Kindfy excuse me, sir,’ he says as he stands
on his feet and bows to me like a lord,

“*But ain't you the chap as I runs over on
Lexington avenne half_an hour ago?’

“The same, sir, and I'm begging your pardon
for the trouble Uin making.”

“Wid that he walks away wid the marks of
the wheels showing on his body, and I drtvea
on, U goes down to the arch and across to
Madison avenue and up again, and it isn't
over twenty minutes before me horse knocks
somebody down at a crossing and I feels the
kerridge go bump! bump! _T stops and looks
around, and a man gets up from the wet pave-
ment and bows to me and says

“*Really, now, but | beg of you to overlook
me carelessness.” ;

“*Whoop!' says L, ‘but it's you again! Didn't
I run over you on Lexington avenue?’

**Thankin aa kindly, but you did.’

**and on f fth avenue?’

“‘it's true, begging your pardon.’

“and now it's the third time?’

“‘it is, sir,’ says he, as humble as you please,
‘but I'm a man as ts willing to do the right
thing. Here's a couple of dollars for your
trouble, and if I puts you to any more it's five.’

“and off he goes with a limp in both legs
and six muddy wheel marks showing like rings
around his body. And 1 did not see him again.
There was a man for you, sir—there was a
man as was & man anda gentiemnan, and I only
wish that 1 meet the likes of him a-doven,
times a day

SUNDAY, AUGUST 26, 1900.

THE JUMPING KANGAROO AND
THE APPLE BUTTER CAT.

The Aut’s Aunt Gives a Pionto,

Copyrtoht, 1900, by MeClure, Phillips & Co,

The ant’s aunt had to give a plonic because
she had been invited to so many places by ull
her relatives, and she thought it waa time to
pay back some of the invitations,

“But it will be such a bother,” sald the ant’s
uncle when he heurd about it.

“Don't be foolish now,” replied the ant’s
aunt, “Wa cannot go in society without go-
ing to some trouble.”

So the ant’s uncle said that it would be all
right, for he ulways suid something of that
kind when his wife talked about giving a party,

He was sleeping early the next morning,
when his wife woke him and said: “Benjamin,
BerJamin,did you remember to get the lemons
and the sugar?"

“No,” replied the ant’s uncle, as he rolled
over ugain in bed; “the grocery store was
closed.’

“Then you will huve to go into the kitchen
of the mun'a house and get as much as you
can carry before the cook geta up.”

“The last time I was there,” muttered BenJa-
min, “l nearly got blown up with the kero-
sene cun,”

By the time the ant’s uncle got back to bis
house he found more than « hundred anta of
all kinds walking up and down and currying
all kinds of provisions.

“You are very late,” suid the ant’s aunt.
“What did you do about the swing, Benjamin?
Did you stop and see the spider about it?”

Benjamin h»d forgotten all ubout the awing,
#80 he had to go back to where the spider kept
a shop, and he came back ufter a while with a
wheelbarrow loaded down with rope, The
ant’s uunt was lame and she had to walk with
a cane, She was at the head of the pienio
party, and Benjamin, the ant’s uncle, came
last of all with his wheelburrow filled with
rope und buskets and sugar and lemons and
tubs and glasses and everything which might
be used on a picnic, The ants went to Deacon
Jones's woods, und us they got nearer they

heard ull kinds of strange noises. All the
animals and all the birds came out to see the
pienle go by. The ants walked on until they
came to a bare spot in the middle of the woods,
und there they stopped and put down their
bundles and baskets

This will be a nice pluce to set the table,”
suid the ant’s aunt, Now, Benjamin, while
1 am doing wll the work, suppose you go and
put up the swing for the children.”

The ant’s uncle said something underneath his
breath, and then he took the rope und the boards
and things aud put up 153 swings, He hurt
his knee and sprained his buck und cut his
fingers. He also stubbed his toes,

“You needn't feel so badly about hurting
your toes,” said a_centipede who was golng
ast. “Suppose you had toes on 100 feet to stub,
then you could afford to talk.”

‘The ant’s uncle returned to the place where
the table was being set. Ue threw his hat
over on the grass and sat down, saying, “I
am very tired and a little rest would do me
a great deal of mood.”

“Benjamin, Benjamin,” erled the ant’s aunt,
“how could you do such a thing?”

“Why, just you see what Uncle Benjamin
did,” cried all the small ants at once

“You ought not to be so careless,” replied
Benjamin, “how_was I to know that it was
a custard pie? I thought it was a nice cush-
jon you put there for me.”

The ant's uncle started to get his hat and
walk away. Ue had not gone very far be
fore he became red in the face with anger.

“Get_off my hat,” all the ants heard him
eay. “Howdare you sit on a poor ant's hat like
that? tlaven't you any manners?’

“What is the matter, Benjamin?” asked
the ant’s aunt, picking up her cane and hob-
bling toward her husband.

‘This miserable man,” yelled the ant’s
uncle, “has had the {mpudence to sit down
on my hat and he wont get up.”

The man looked in the direction of Benja-
min and then yawned and got up and walked
away.

“Benjamin, Benjamin,” cried the ant’s
aunt, a few minutes Inter, “little Betsy Ann
has come back and she says that nearly a dozen
of the children started to climb a mountain
and the mountain got up and walked away,
Wont you please go and try and find therm?”

The ant’s uncle jammed his crushed silk
hat down over his eyes, picked up a big switch
and went to find the children. Ae walked
and walked until he came to a place whera
a whole lot of men and women were sitting
ina circle while the mosquitoes ate them. The
men and women were eating pickles and dry
sandwiches and trying to look happy. Uncle
Benjamin hurried down the middle of the
tablecloth | calling, “Children, ahildren,” at
the top of his volee. Everywhere he went
he met some of those miserable Iittle ehil-
dren who had run away from thelr own ple.
nic Hie found them sitting on the edge of
a sponge cake, dangling thelr feet and kick-
ing holes in the icing. They were perched
on loaves of bread, and up on top of a plate of
sliced ham they were playing hide and seek,
Some of them had climbed up Into a great big
tin reservoir. There were all their clothes
on the edge and they were having a swim.

“Didn't I tell you not to go near the water?”
asked Uncle Benjamin, shaking hiscane “Now
where do I find yon ?"

“It isn't water,” sald all the children ants:
“it's lemonade *

It took the ante*® uncle more than an hour to
get all the children together.

“Why don't you come away from here?” he
said “Don't you hear all the men and women
talking and saving that {t would be such a de-
ightful place here if it were not for those mis-
erable ante?”

“They didn’t say a word,” replied the chil-
dren, “until you came.” .

This made uncle Benjamin so angry that he
swung his cane and chased all the children be-
fore him back to the place where the table for
the anta’ picnic had been spread. Away over
to one alde was the ants’ aunt all alona She
had her handkerchief to her eves, and was cry-

ing as though her heart would break.

“Why, what's the matter?” asked Unole Ben-
Jamin “What in the world has happened?”

“Why, can't you see?” replied the ants’ aunt.
“A inleerable man came this wav and stepped
right on the table, and when he lifted up his
foot everything was rufned ”

“Come on, children,” said Unele Benjamin.
“Let us all go back to the man's plenic. After
he has treated us this war, he deserves that
we should tease him and all his family,”

That ia the reason that when men and women
give pienies all the ants in the neighborhood

go and plague them

VAN DE HORN AND THE SNAKE.

A Farmer's Fight tn Chicago on a Load of
Hay Behind a Ranaway Team.

From the Chicago Times- Herald,

Crushed in the coils of asix-footblack snake,
Andrew Van de Horn fought for his life on the
top of a load of hay while bis team was running
away yesterday afternoon. He had almost
given up the struggle, when two naval militia
boys saw his struggles, stopped the horses and
killed the snake after he had thrown it off.

Van de Horn, who ts a farmer at Liverpool,
Ind., was driving a load of hay into South Chi-
cago, where he hoped to find a good market,
but when he was through with the snake he was

so exhausted that he turned his horses’ heads
in the other direction and went home for re-
pairs, The farmer's horses had been jogging
along in Indianapolis avenue so comfortably
that the farmer bad almost gone to sleep, when
he suddenly felt something squeezing one of
his legs. He looked down and there was a
big blacksnake. His first movement made the
snake tighten its coils, Then he jumped up,
gave a yell that frightened his horses and be-
gan to try to pull the snake away

He had no sooner dropped the reins than
the horses went careening full tilt down the
road, High up on the swaying load of hay
the farmer cared little about the horses. The
more he pulled the tighter the snake wound
ita folds around him. It was working itself
higher up his body. He did not know what
moment it would strike him with its fangs
and perhaps poison him fatally

Van de Horn had fallen to hia knees and
was hardly able to fleht any more when his
Teacue came. Cockswain K. E. Bussey and
Yeoman G. FE. Rrown of the First Division,
Firat Ship's Crew, in camp near by, were on
the road near 102d street. hey saw the shriek-
ing man and the racing horses, and though
they thought the former must be crazy they
quickly stopped the horses, Each seized the
bridle of a horse, and after being dragged a
couple of hundred feet they brought the team
to_a standstill

Then the farmer got his breath and began
the struggle with the snake once more. Brown
started to climb up to him, but before he got
there \ de Horn had wrenched himself
loose, and had thrown the snake to the ground
where Hluasey quickly killed it. It measured
full six feet, and Van de Horn was only too

Jad to let the saflors carry it away as atrophy
© camp,

Ww ~~ he had been assisted to the ground
he found a seratch on his hand that he feared
was a snake bite, but after the wound was
cauterized he went home

If You Are Condneting
really firet-clase summer resort, efther at seashore
oun

A
or tain, make its locality known through Tus
bo readers voek such

. edvertising columns,

AN ADIRONDACK Homes,

Summer and Autamn Scenes That Charm on
an Island tn « Lake.

In one of the amaller Adirondack lakes ts a
wooded island of three or four acres, nearly
circular in form, but varied by the pleasing
irregularity of tiny capes and bays, rising on
all sides from the shore to a little mount twen-
ty-flve or thirty feet above the level of the lake.
Voyagers on the lake by day see from afar
through the fringe of native shrubbery and
forest trees, poplar, birch, pine and hemlock,
the exquisitely green slope of a tiny tennla
lawn, looking ke a bit of turf from fields
elysian. Those who draw near catch glimpees
of white tents with rustio verandas set amid
the shade of delicious greenery, and on the
very apex of the island, the low shingled gables
and bark-clad walls of a rambling cottoge,
seen in silvery patches through tho trees, At
another point, a low rustio boathouse seems
just stooping to drink of the lake, and close
beside it winds an easy stairway leading up-
ward to the interior of the little island world.
Those who visit the lake by night eee upon the
island twinkling ighta of blue and green and
red and yellow, catch glimpses through t
trees of ruddy firelight reflected from the in-
terior mellow pine walls of the cottage, and
fre saluted by @ hospitable gush of soft lamp-
light from every window.

The fortunate inhabitants of this blessed
isle watch all summer long, in pleasant ease,
the iuajestic progression of the geason, They
see the island clothe itself in all thepomp of
its summer foliage, They see its blueberries
ripen, and ite tiny kitchen garden flourish un-
der sun and shower, All dey long they hear
the pleasant lapping of the waters, which
threaten with each wave to break into artio-
ulate melody. Whoso raises eye from book
or work of any kind straightway has a svoth-
ing vielon of the lake mantling into silvery
ripples beneath the wind, of cloud-flecked
skies and distant purple mountains, The
lake itself is of all moods and always beautiful,
It is splendid with the pomp of sunseta. It
soothes itself to glassy stillness and mirrora
its neighboring mountains. Lashed by. the
wind, {t breaks Into angry whitecaps, and be-
neath tempestuous skies its inky surface ts
slit with a thousand mouths that seem to
auash and grind meretlesa foaming teeth,

When moonlight comes the Island is trana-
lated out of any known geography into fairy-
land, The moonlight falls in great soft snowy
patches through the follage and floods the
tiny tennis lawn with unearthly radiance. The
tents gleam white and soft from their leafy
nests, The iohabitants looking from their
Wide verandas see the lake rippling on every
side into broad silver sheets.

The torrid heats of suminer never visit this
favored isle, and Whether it be warm or cold
or wet or dry, the charm of isolation and of
calm security refuses to be broken. When
cold nights come in July or August or September
«reat logs burn upon the wide cottage hearth,
and the inhabltants gather about the huge
red brick chininey plece with a delicious sense
of comfort and of safety.

Now and then, by night or day, a faint halloo
comes to the Island from a rude landing half
a mile across the lake, and the camp is upon
tiptoe In expectation of visitors, A tittle boat
puts forth in answer to the summons and ten
minutes later some inhabitant of the every-
day world {x admitted to the privacy of the
elysian island. Such visitors are almost the
sole touch with the outside world of civillzation
and convention, for the wilderness lies all about
the island, and the sights and sounds of wild
life come daily to its inhabitants. Ducke with
outstretched necks seud by overhead. _Morn-
ing and evening a delicious chorus of bird
music is borne across the lake from the foresta
that clothe ita shores, The wild deer them-
selves at rare intervals swim the lake and land
upon the island

When the summer is done and the day of
the homeward fileht to urban civilization has
come, the island has a perverse habit of clothing
itself in its most entrancing guise, As the
retreating inhabitants stand amid their trunks
upon the landing they look back with sick
hearts to see thetr loved island clad in the splen-
dors of a cool September twilight. The still
lake lald in dusky purple reflects thesoft outline
of the mountains, and there under a pale sky,
soon to burst into apangles of etars, lies the dim
and dimming island, like no earthly habitation,
and seeming in ita delicious loveliness a thing
for lifelong regret, but too beautiful ever again
to be vistted by mere human kind,

STEELED AGAINST A TYPEWRITER.

Taken by One Business Man Who
ad a Letter to Dictate.

She is known as a public stenographer, from
the fact that she fs not dependent upaqn the
work coming from one or two indtviduala, but
from the public in general, those who come
along, Just as they may happen to be in her
vielnity. Varied indeed are the work and ex-
periences of such a girl, and very much Is ex-
pected of her, She must be keen-witted, alert,
dignified yet not prudish, as the average busi-
ness man does not seem to fancy that sort of
thing; ready to believe about one-tenth of all
the general talk that comes to her from the
men whom she meets; she must know how to
deal with the whims and moods of the business
man; have the-ability to emooth down the
ruffled feathers of the cranky man with a few
timely and wise words; be ready to protect
herself from the unwise and foolish remarks
coming from a certain class of men, who forget
that the business woman has one objéct in view,
and that is self support, and Is not at her office
for their amusement, Patiently and kindly
she must help out the man with little or no ed-
ucation who wants long letters. written and
depends largely upon her for the suoceasful
completion of his task; respectfully must she
recelve the courtesies of the average busfness
man, who is sensible and ktnd, ready to be
reasonable, a quality lacking in many men;
she must be well qualified to be an expert reader
of handwriting, as she has to contend with
copying manuscripts of all sorta, sometimes
beautifully written, but more often nothing
but a hasty ecrawl, almost illegible and she
knows full well that ahe will have all the blame,
unless she can decipher these twisted strokes.

After she has served a certain length of time
in the capacity of a public stenographer she is
ablo to meet almost any emergency for the
rest of her life. Then, too, her life is often
made very pleasant by the kind, encouraging
words of her customers, and they little know
what a kind and courteous word may mean to
her, as over tired and straining her nerves to
their utmost, she must keep at it, smiling and
seemingly happy all the time, else they will
designate her as cranky.

Again there is mueh of the comical side of
Ife that comes to her;_one day there came
into the office of one of these public stenog-
raphers a man, evidently a foreigner, with a
grianted, beard and of almost forbidding appear-
ance, e seated himself at her side, and much
to her annoyance, turned his face from her
so that she could scarce understand what he
was saying, which was a difficult matter at
best, as he spoke in very broken knglish, After
two or three gentle remonstrances from her,
telling him of her inability to catch his words,
much to her amusement he turned toward her
and said:

“Vell, do you want me to tell you vhy I don’t
look at you?” Without waiting for her reply,
hewenton: “Ven left mein haus dis morning,
I promised mein vife dat I don't look at no girls.’

To say she was nonplissed, is expressing
it mildly: she could say simply nothing ~ as
there seemed to be nothing to say. She told
it as a good joke to many of her friends, and
thea she pitied him for his lack of common
sense, for the man was really in earnest, though
she had to look at him pretty hard before she
could make up her mind to this. She thought
it would have been better for him to leave
hia sentiments at home, with that good little
wife, who evidently thought him a great prize,
and unfit to be trusted, “And such a looking
man, too,” she rernarked, as she told her friends
about it.

It is indeed well for her that such experi-
ences come, if for nothing more than to vary
the tiresome weary houra which the public
typewriter spends over the Keyboard, In
return for this, she receives a good income —
that is, on her books; for it is strange how many
dollars eo up into the winds that should other-
wise find their way into her purse.

UNUSED RAILROAD TICKETS.

Precaantlo

It Is an Easy Matter to Ontaln a Refund for
Them Even If the Value Is Small.

Sorne men with unused railroad tickets on
their hands sell them to sealpers, while others
go to the railroad company that issued them
and obtain thelr value in money. Most per-
sons, however, do neither and accept the loss
when the ticket is worth leas than a dollar,
Indeed, many persons do not realize that the
railroad companies stand ready to redeem un-
used tickets even of small value, so that the

companies must be richer by many thousands
of dollars a year Syough this ignorance
Every railroad ticket bears the name of the
passenger agent and of the ganeral
manager of the road. It is a simple matter to
enclose the ticket with a letter ed to th
general Passenger agent asking him to refun
e money pald and explaining the reason why
the ticket is left unused in the hands of the pur-
cha: Tt is courteous to enclose a stamped
envelope in which the money may be returned.
When all these things have been done the
company generally acknowedges the receipt
of the ticket holder's communication and prom-
{ses to investigate the matter. The investi-
ation gonsista in the proper identification of
@ ticket by the agent who sold it, and a little
bookkeeping to set the accounts right. Then
the pure reoetves a check for the amount
due from the railroad company, along with a
letter requesting acknowledgment.

general

-——
; .

RUSSELL’'S GREATEST FEAT,

THE CROSS-EXAMINATION .|IN THB
PARNELL TRIAL,

How Sir Charles Showed Up Houston's Credu-
lity-Bfs Daring Trap Set for Pigott,
Which Made the Forger Convict Himself,

From the London Daily News,

In the memorable trial which began on Oct,
22, 1888, and came to an end on Nov, 22, 1899,
there were many scenes which those who wite
nessed them will never forget, In these scones
the chief personages wero Sir Charles Russell,
as he then was, and Richard Pigott, the farger,
and Houston, Pigott's employer and dupe
and Le Caron--that strange, sinister figure,
the ablest by far of the witnesses for the Timea,
One remembers those acenes, not merely for
their dramatic interest or the moment, i
also for their revelation of the many-sid
oharacter of the great advocate who shattered
the fabric of lies laboriously built up as an obe
atacle against the effort of English Liberalism
in the cause of Ireland, Of all those scenes
the most atfrring was, of course, Russell's
cross-examination of Pigott, which began on
Feb. 21, 1889, During the whole of the precede
ing day and the first few hours of the 2ist
Sir Charles Russell had been making hi# last
preparations for his onslaught, He had turned,
Houston inside out, so to speak, And hé had
been quletly taking stock of Richard Pigott
during the forger's long-winded, plausible story
to Sir Richard Webster, Who cas
forget his treatment of the prim
priggish, composed, bandboxical House
ton? Composed, I mean, until Mn
flouston became demoralized by the merrle
ment caused by his own admissions !n answer
to abrupt little questiona, delivered {n a@ sort
of confidential undertone, curlously at vari
ance with the sudden, searching gaze that ao.
companied them, After eleven years I cam
seo Mr. Houston, {n the flesh as it were, coming
miserably to grief in that cross-examination
about the black bag in which Pigott and his
alleged confederates brought the Parnell let-
tera to their purchaser in the Hotel des Deux
Mondes, Avenuo de l'Opéra, Paris, I can hear
the laughter in the densely packed court=
jaughter promptly suppressed by the usher—
while Mr. Houston told how he waited “upstatrs®
while the bargaining for the letters was going
on “downstairs,” and how he refrained from
going t“downstalrs,” or seeing who was
there, or taking any part whatever in the bare
gaining —“because,"sild Mr, Houston,"I wished
to keep myself aloof; I wanted to keep myself
{n tgnorance of the source of tho letters." 2
ean hear Sir Charles's “aye"—“aye"—“aye,”
uttered at intervals, quietly, encouragingly
as it were, while the smart Mr, flouston was

laying bare his own extreme sirptictty ror
worse. Sir Charles looked at the ceiling. Then
down again, in an absent-minded sort of way.
fle unpockets his snuffbox, fle taps the li
With his right thumb he helps himself to @
pinch. “You didn't go downstairs?” he aske
quite casually, “No.” Thesnuffy brown hande
kerchlef half way upto Sir Charles’s nose stor
The keen eyes look Mr, Houston through an
through. “No?” “No.” Laughter-and furl
ous rebuke in the usher's eyes,
At half past t on the following day &tf
ichard Webster's examination of Richar
igott came to an end. Almost before Sir
Richard sat him down Sir Charles wasup. The
loud murmur of talk that broke out after
Pigott’s “evidence” came to a dead atop, non
could hear a pin fall as Russell and Pigott stoo
there confronting each other. “Take that"--
the words rang out sharply !n the breathless
silence. “That” was a sheet of paper which
Sir Charles Russell held out. Pigott took it—
gazing the while at Sir Charles in blank bes
puzziement. Everybody in court glanced at
every other. “He has him,” @ barrister whis-
red, turning round to me, “Write dows
Rivwithood ‘likelihood,’ your own name,‘pros-
elvticm,’ ‘Patrick Fa@an’ and his initials and
‘healttaney.’ ” Which Pigott did, emiling the
while, foolishly, and with a Rushed face. It
will be remembered that in one of the forged
letters Pigott had spelled the Jast word “hesi-
tency.” Tt has often been said eince, and py
experienced members of the bar, that Sfr
Charles’e initial tactics were a mistake, Was
{t pot probable that Pigott, warned by the
arly dlecussions about the forgeries, woul
nave taken care to spell the word aright
Figott might have done !t. But he didn't,
ir Charles Russell had taken stock of his man
and conside the effect of a surprise. The
subject suggests a military anaroq?.. By “the
rules of war,” Wellington, say the military
critics, “ought” to have been beaten at Waterloo,
But he wasn't—and there an end on’t, An
ordinary advocate would not have etarted
with “Take that.” Sir Charles Russell was
not an ordinary advocate-—-he wag an advocate
of gentus, and that first shot of his was de-
cistve. can see Pigott’s round, broad
back as he bends down (after screwing his
eyeglass into its place) to scrawl the word
“heaitency;” and when stands up again, &
short, stoutish, round-shoulda man, with
a bald, shiny head, bushy white whiskers and
mustache, large,irresolute mouth,big, fleshy nose
and smallish eyes far apart. Many an amusing
scene occurred in the crose-examination which
showed how Pigott pad tried to swindle both
sides—-Parnellites and anti-Parnellitea. But the
most amusing of all were caused. by Pigott’
admissions as to his persistent efforts to veil
“information” to Mr. Forster, to cajole an
even bully Mr. Forster, and by his excuses for
not emigrating to Arperica with the help of the
money which, he sald, kindly Mr. Forster ha
iven him more than onee for the purpose. Sir
ENarles Russell, quietly helping himself to a
inch now and again, Pigott
making himself more ludicrous every Instant
with his story of excuses to Mr, Forster,
and the three Judges trying hard to preserve a
severe composure—made an {neffaceable pice
ture. The three Judges were not equally
successful. Sir James Hannen comptemed
his lips. Sir Alexander Smith thrust hands
into his kets and stared hard at the ceiling,
Mr, Justice Day laughed outrignes dened
and laughed at each fresh recital of Pigott's
failure to emigrate with poor Mr, Forster's
money, The only ehpolutely self-possessed
man there wags Russell himself, now =
ingly lost in a brown study, now tap is
snuff-box as if m search fos an idea, now n,
a pinch and then darting a c look
at his victim, with a brief, h “sont ti
question. The emotional side o ussell's
nature, his inborn tenderness, hia eep ju-
manity, revealed themselves in al un
conscious atrength on the maaninowss, bis-
torio speech in which he summed up his ease,
not merely for the Parnellites, but for the
Ireland of his birth,

THEN

contemplative

ee

HE QUIT,

When a Washington Thought He Saw Spont=
neous Lobsters He Reformed,
From the Washington Post,

The Seventeenth street man who is always -
promising his wife to be good was out agais
on Saturday night last. Along toward i
o'clock he passed by a well-known downtown
fish and oyster store, and the display of lob-
sters in front of the establishment caught
his eye. He bought one that weighed about
eleven pounds, and he packed it aroundwith him
for a few hours until he could find just the right
liner he wanted to take him home. He got
home after 2 in the morning, and he carried his
lobster up to his wife's room, probably with
the idea of appeasing her righteous wrath
with the present, He turned up the gas and
then clomped over to the foot of her bed and
held up the lobster

“M’ dear,” said he, grinning greasily, “wash
mar'r this f'r to-morrow'sh din'’r?”

She opened her eyes aud gazed at him calmly.

“What's the matter with what for to-morrow's
—to-day's, rather dinner?” she asked him,
looking him straight in the eye

“Thish,” said he, holding the huge lobster
still higher and rewarding it with pride

“What, your hands?” she asked, still looke
ing him steadily in the eve

‘Thish lobsht'r—aint it a babe?” he asked,
switching the weight to the other hand

“O, a lobster, you say?” said his wife, come

Jaisantly, and never taking her eves off his
ace. “So you fancy you are showing me @
lobster, do you? = Do you know what condition
such a hallucination on your part betokens?”

He rested the big lobster on the bedroom
matting, seratched his head in a pussled kind
of way and looked at his wife strangely.

“D'ye mean t' shay I haven't got lobahter
here?” he asked her, weakly.

“You may have a million of them in your
mind--I don't doubt that In the least “at ou
are to remember that Ido not get mysel! Lito
euch arum-soaked condition that they are vialble
to me.” sald she, cooly turning. over.

He gazed at her with alarm for a moment
and then he stumbled into the bathroom and
let the cold water run on his head. While he
was thus engaged his wife jumped out bed
and threw the lobster out of the window Seo
the back yard. Then she got into bed .
When be returned to the room, wiping ator
out of his eyes with a towel, he looke atl over
the room for the Iobeter. Pulling to find it,
be bent over bis wife, took her hand and eald:

“You're ri’. Ish all off. Never ‘gain. W'en
I get sho I shee Jobshters ish time ¢’ pash out
an’ quit. I quit.’

She was up early the next morning to
the lobster in the ash barrel, 60 that he
seo it from his window when he got up,

All of which explains why the Se teenth
street man, who is alware promising wife
to be good, has been taking only seltzer

ades and vichy and milks the C7

aturday nights ;

— ee ee

bat