‘|

’
Ai
i
'
ie
;
;
{
;
’
’
,
'

‘i

a
—
Soe

e

ee re ee ee

 

I Re OR ne RE ES ee 2 oO

a “ 7 ere ST eT ek ee
(RAE AN ARS Tee rn AE AE TE RSS EN a a AE I A aml

aaiepareepneliiicensa

«wren as

xe =aror

Pee ee REE SET

 

  
    
  
 
   
   
  
 

A FLORIDA SNAKE FAMILY,

GIRL

 

WUE THACHERS TALE OF A
UNDER A BATTLESNAKE'S CHAKM,

A Murderer Who Sought Refage in the Florida
Scrab and Developed a Latent Affinity for
Snakes—The Capture of a Wife-The Kes-

cue of a Girl From « Strange Fascination,
Jacnsonvirzn, Fla, Aug. 2%-—The

Eastern serpent which played the
evil spirit in maaterly style and thrilling manner.
"Lucky these things can't be”
Browne. .
“Don't be too sure of that,” answered Hors-
ford “Does not the Scripture say
serpents?” I can cap that with an adventure
of my own a few years ago, when I began my
oareer by teaching a school in the Florida serub
country. It is just as {ncredible and ended as
romantically and far more happily. In tis
case the girl with the ophidian fumillar was a
white child, not over 13, and good Instead of
bad and ghe loathed it with all her young soul.
“As Bud Stone was driving me from the sta-
tion we met ber and her mother coming in to
sell their beautifully dressed ratuesnake skins
and bottles of the of] for liniment. She was a
pretty and modest lite maid, though wearing
@ scared, haunted look that was both pitiful
and unnatural Aa for the mother, God forbid
that I should ever see another woman's face
eo blurred and blotted with helpless, hopeless
misery. My glance was again attracted by
the little girl, whose beauty and delicacy ao-
corded ao ill with her bare feet and coarse garb,
when, with a faint shriek she stood stil! as if
rooted to the spot by terror. The same glance
perceived the cause. A long, glistening rattle-
enake glided from the grass, wrapped itself
@found her and laid its horrid head on her
childish bosom. Instantly it seemed as though
a veil of wicked enchantinent enveloped her,
making of her an object too unlovely for any
sentiment short of disgust The Jeky)l-lydoe
transformation was not more complete, aud
but for the anguish ia her eyes 1 would have
believed in it myself. With a deeply muttered
ourse Stone whipped his horse luto a gullop

‘I fancled that poor child looked to you for
assistance,’ I coud not avoid saying

“'"'T wa'n't no fancy,’ he replied, with a
groan. ‘But what kip a body do ag’in u hull
snake fambly? I'd been « dead man and not
have helped her, either, That eln't
*nough snake; it's a devil.’

“Knowing how diMoult it is to combat super-
Stition L merely repeated: ‘The anake family?’

“Well, they don’t know nothing but suakes
—act'ally nothing but snukes, Them two
women folks does all the trading, while the
men folks stays in their shack in the serub with
the rattlers, living with ‘em and living on ‘em,
They're as intimate os ary old maid with her
oats, Except the old grandaddy when he was
young, not one of ‘em ever saw the inside of a
real house or knows what voting is or whata, b,
@means, What elst kin peojle call ‘em?’

“ *Truo; but what caused the old man to choose
euch a life for himself and family? There must
have been a reason, though ever so foolish.’

“*You're right, there, Mr. Horsford; only a
plumb fool would chop off his hand because an
fnimy had cut out a tioger of it. 1 reckon it's
the funniest—in the sense of the oddest—feud
you ever heerd about; one betwixt the biggest
big-bug and the lowest down poor white in the
county. it started in the time of the Seminole
war, when Col. Claymore refused to sell Chris
Crawl one of his new breed of hound pupptes,
and Crawl for revenge stole the hull litter and
throwed ‘em ina rattlesnake den, From that
Out them two was always segravating one
another, as they had a good chance to do them
days when the country was new, and rich and
poor was tutually dependent,’

“‘Waitamoment. You call these folks Crawl;
fs it really their name?’

“*R'ally and truly. I've noticed that there’a
e@ heap {n names, Our neighbor, Mis’ Burns,
was a Miss Skabb and first married a Paine. 1
know a Miss Marsh who {s now Mis’ Branch,
and lota of Rivers boys for her to marry when

she gits to be a widder, Jess so with the Crawls
one of ‘em had to Live up to his name, and Chris
loved snakes from @ baby. Me growed up a
pretty fair man, though, and married a good-
looking sand-hill girl who had takened young
Claymore’s notice, and he knowed she had,
For that reason he kept a Sharp watch around
home and avotded the big-bug for better than
@ year, Then skulking ‘round Crawl's place,
as he often did, hunting for meanness, Clay-
more routed a pair of rattlers and killed ona
the other escaping. The devil that's always
watching his chance, they tell me, put it into
his head to take the dead snake to the back of
Crawl's house and hang it in a high window
where it ‘d give ‘em the biggest kind of scare,
He never knowed that Betty was laying there
asleep with her baby; he never thought that
the mate of the dead snake would come hunting
ft and, being flery mad, would biteto death
the first thing that moved in the room. ie
hid among the fennels to hear the furse whea
they found it, for it was noontime and Chris
coming from the field, I don’t reckon he found
it so funny when he heerd Betty's death-shriek,
He got to ber as quick aa Chris did. The rattler
was still atriking at her. He cut it clean in
two with his dirk; but Betty was dead before
the carcasses was got outen the house. Chris
jerked down his musket. Claymore stood still
end let himself be shot through the heart. Yea,
he hated what he'd done jest that bad.

“Then Crawl picked up his baby and run to
the scrub, where friends fed him on the sly and
helped him to stay hid, When the Sheriff give
wp his capture as a bad job the regulators tak-
@med holt of it and dually located him; but they

pever captured him, No, sir; them regulators,
that fire nor blood had never bluffed nor baitled
retired before a mau guarded by a hundred
Pattlers. He stayed right there and raised lis
child, only God knows how, sending him out to
trade—the littlest feller you kin imagine, Peo-
pe wanted to be kind to him; but le was oneusy

he got back to his daddy and the Snakes,
and never did show himself no more after he got
awife.’

“ ‘In steaven's narne, how did such a person
ever get 4 wife?’

“-*Phat's another story, though fitting into
this. ‘liza Jonas come from respectable
farmers, and there was ho girl in better credit,
She went to school with Miss Zettic Claymore,
and was the intlmatest friend she had, though
both fathers opposed it, one hating common
folk, the other distrusting big-bugs. So, when
Henry Claymore and ‘Liga tell in love there was
@ powerful furse, and Col. Claymore, brother to
the one | told you about, cunj red up @ plot
dev'lish enough even for one of Tis name, be
og rid of Henry by sending him to Charleston
o trade for the votton crop, then went to ‘Liza's
father with forged proofs that the young folks
was jest a common, guilty couple, 100k to
your daughter,” he said, “my son shall never

marry her. I'll kill hun with my own hands

t.” Mrs. Jonas, who could have proved him

no Bure

 

    
 
 
  
   
 
 

  

flier, was dead, and Jonas, as proud a man in

wild the disgrace, He was for turning hi
daughter out imroesitty; but that didn't suit
as s00n as he come home and found her

wed away for his sake,
Ver up her sin,” he said. Poor Jonas lifted up
head, “If you think Ud let her marry nae
witho' , ‘
“you're the worst mistakened you ever
And who'd marry her that way?” ' Why,
. Li Col. Claymore

all Buys hase -d when 1 was a baby: but 1
the ymore breed, and kin wagine how
the track, yit convincing as the Bible iteelf, and
00: Nobe knowed
w the sooner because he
could 0 the marry ing part,
the license and ‘tended to

d the poor girl to the aidge of th
ere Craw! ret ‘em and was Toarried
b vi es as humans kin

; You #60 what he is,’

mmc the story
b © that wicked

8 way a8 4 Claymore ever dared to be, went

Claymore, who kuowed that Henry would marry

for ood. “Marry her to somebody and

=] ut telling hun what she’s done,” he

] woul ie'll Dever git a wile any other

said it—«mooth, so as not to Scare Jonas off
Berta how go 48 Was hot

r w to a at the b'iling p’tnt,

and pocded This dow hich art tor tls! Of

,

t. At sundown that same evening

t’s hawt @ nan got a wife,

ein ¢ home he's raised hig

back

cet cry
aes oy

a n, nor cooks a word

ied chs Beh
ig Bai bab Shed et tot ive

Fart Cea :

elub
reading that night was a magaztue story of an
part of

remarked

‘wise as

  

fle must git rid of |

  
   
   
  

23

 
 

  

— to
rates

 

both comfortable; nothing could induce her to

stay another hour {n that dreadful den. Jonas
heerd the talk, but said nothing at the time,
That night they beerd him call “Liza, and run

to him. It was his last word. The Jonases
are kin to us, but J’in the only friend they've got
in the family, I'll stick to it that Aunt ‘liza te
& good, confoundedly abused woman, and my
cousin Zettie as nice alittle girl as any

“Can't you prevail on your aunt to place the
child in a more suitable home?

‘I baven't the heart to ask her, How can she

art with the only child that’s any comfort to
fer that hasn't got the snake mark ouit? Mis’
Hall—Miss Zettle Claymore that was—would
take her in a minute, though she's hever spoken
to Aunt ‘Liza sence the furse, This ain't a tale
I like to tell I've only told ft, hoping you'll
sorter look after Zettie at the schoolhouse, I
believe she'd go ef the hull sehool chunked her,’

“Thia I promised readily, my one glimpse of
the unfortunate child having interested me no
Jews than berstory. But, early as | was Monday
morning, half the school was there under the
trees, including Zetuie, who was already being
balted by some thoughtleaa boys, As for the

irla, they werein alittle group as far as possible
rom the little outeast,

“It's only the snake-girl, teacher,’ said the
largest boy in answer to my sharp reprimand.
"You'll find it out quick enough. Her own pet
rattler’s around some’r’s, ready to Jump on the
one that takes up for her.’ Jn fact, 1 heard the
springing of his rattles not far behind me, and,
obeying tt e moment's tmpulse, snatched Zettie’s
hand and ran with her into the building. The
fleet, barefoot young ones were there before us

“What'd [tell you, teacher? That's the way

that rattler’s be'u doing all this year. He wont
let anvbody be a friend to Zettle,’ one of them
erie}
*'{t looks that way, J admit,’I said. ‘Yet I
find it hard to believe that in @ community of
backwoodamen there {s not one with nerve
enough to kill the thing and get rid of it.’

“"'O, yes; ef it waa nothing butaésnake! But
it's a pure devil that’s in ita skin. Nobody can
Kill a devil.’

"Well, this Is the first rattlesnake I've seen

outaide a cage: but I've no such fancies. I'l
kill it myself, soine tune.’
*Deatening shrieks were my answer, In an-

other raoment L was left alone with the rattler,
the two upper feet of its length swaylog for-
inidably on the threshold and its bright, furious
eyes darting at me both 4 menace aud @ warp-
ing. ‘They told me as plainly as yours could
have done, that it beard my threat and dared
me, at he penalty of ny Ufe, to touch it. Then
it glided away, and after school I saw it fa the
wrasa by Zettie’'s side in her homeward path.

The next day brought me 4s many messages
fas there were patrons, requesting me not to
seat thelr daughters by the snake-girl. I[
complied, rather than break up the school,
and it proved a fortunate arrangement for ber
as untrammelled by classes, progressec
with amazing rapidity, literally drinking in
knowledca She proved, too, & sweet, siraple
child, grateful for the smallest of the privleges
natural to hapoler children, I saved her what
» I could; more was itupossible, since

 

 

annoyvans
the slightest courtesy subjected her to the folds
of the fearful reptile that had sv shocking a

power to iuvest her with its own evil likeness,
t passed away, it is true, on the vanishing of
the snake; but | was so averse to seelnog her
pire face overspread, even momentarily, with

that hideous veil, that I refrained from all at-
tentions not strictly within my province as
tutor, Tn time, my forbearance ceased to save
her from the detestable persecution, The

uike—yes, I had adopted the populaé

     
   

bellef; I defy any man, however learned or
sceptical, to witness day after day, the high
intelligence and diabolical disposition of the
creature sod not accept it: penetrated my most
read the secret interest that
and

{
dis-

inward thoughts;
erew naturally in so attractive a child,
punished her for it until I Krew si ‘k and
couraged and she became the merest shad«
of herself. Then {it seemed to deterinine to
have ber expelled from the school, for It began
a syatermatio course of frighteuing the other
children. So 1 was n surprised to find a
deputation of fathers awalting me one Friday
slug with a demand tor her removal

It ain't expected that any common human
people ‘s going to put up with any sech,’ they
said. ‘We like you fust-rate; but you I have
to choose betwixt the snake-girl and your post-
tion. There’ what deviltry is {it after now?”
~ointing to the road down which poor Mrs.
‘raw! was running, the dreadful snake gliding
by her side with the most horrible inenace in
ita attitude and in its glittering eyes. Ite
diamond markings shone more brilliantly
repulsively beautiiul) in the morning sun than
ever. It appeared so powerful for wickedness
and 80 immntne itself from harm, that if I had
ever doubted the Garden-of-Fdea story, such
doubts must have vanished forever, So closely
it kept to her that the most expert marksman,
supposing any one with the hardihood to try it,
could not have fired without extreme risk to
the wornan. As she fell within twenty yards
of us, the snake plunged into the grass and made
off with augry hisees, Zettie threw hersalf
sobbing on her mother’s breast as Bud Stwne
raised the prematurely whitened head from
the ground

“No, sir,’ she said, in answer to my question,
‘it didn’t bite me, it was just punishing me,
Zettie had a bad night, with spasms, and
eame with her this morning, having made up
my mind to a desperate step Yes, I was going
to dig my own grave that she might be free
and happy. I said: “Zettle, there's nothing
ailing you but snake. I'll ask the teacher to
take you to Miss Zettio’s—-I meant Mrs. Hall’s—
after school, Maybe she'll keep you for your
name's sake."’ | hadn't more'n spoke the
words when the Uung took after’me.’ Then
she tainted,

“She can’t stay here,’ said I. ‘If some of
you will take ber home I'll go on my wheel for
a doctor’ I had already demonstrated the
adaptability of a good make of bicycle to an
ordinary country road,

“There aint a doctor in Putnam ‘'d go to
her home,’ said Bub, ‘I'll take her to mine if
anybody ‘Ilhelp me. It aint fur.’

“Curiosity combining with pity the hesita-
tion was but momentary Vith a faw ut-
tered questions such as ‘What ‘li your Ma say?
‘Hope Mis’ Stone won't lay this up agin us,’
dc, the men made a hasty stretcher of pine
boughs and bore her away In fifteen minutes
I was at Stone's with the nearest farmer, a
clever old root doctor, whose countenance fell
with the first look at his patient

“'No use your coring, doctor,’ she said,
‘Tf it was I wouldn't take I'm too
giad to die and leave it all.

“Mra. Stone burst into tears.
asserted itself ‘Not now, Liza
angke-people and stay with me.'

 
 

 

  

 

medicine,
;

Nature had
Iemave them

“The other shook her head. ‘Send for Miss
Zettig—Mrs. Hall,’ she begged so piteously
that t took to my wheel again

“Mrs. Hall had a violent struggle with her-
self, but ended in coming It waa now noon,
and even I could see thaf Mrs. Crawl's earthly
hours were numbered

‘What can you possibly want with me,
Liza?’ inquired Mrs Hall, from the bed's foot
Bhe had the callousness of a woman whose
whole life had been a series of tragedies and
therefore had no sympathy left for others,
Her sons had dled young and her baby girl
had fed a nest of eaglets

“The answer was the strangest imaginable:
‘l sent. for you because I want to die. The
world has been very cruel to me, but I can’t
leave it til you let me go’

“IT think I understand,’ the old-time friend
replied after a pause, and in the same frigid
manner. “You want my forgiveness for having
been the occasion of my brother's death.’

“‘T'm innocent of every offence against
your brother except loving him, and my love
Was as pure as yours,’ replied the dying woman
with a faint kindling of spirit. ‘T can't go until
you know that.’

“Poor creature! She had the prejudice and
mistakes of twenty vears to overcome In an
our, Mre. Hall looked down relentlessly
ver breast heaving with silent, smothered
scorn and passion

“'T can’t dio while vou look at me that way.
Have pity, Miss Zettie. I have more to forgive
than you. Your father made up a wicked lie
to part me and Henry and drove my father to
make me marry the snake man.”

‘She then related the same story that Bud
Stone told as we firet drove the Serub ro

and her solemn, dying words carried convic-
tion of the truth with them. No doubt
many things were} now clear to Mra,

Hall, vet she made no sign: was seemingly
imnervious to the oft-repeated ‘Oh, let me go;
do let me go!’ The next guestion stirred her,
‘Will you let me go if r alive you Zettle?
Strangely enough, the little snake girl was the
the only child she had ever coveted in her be-
reavement

“Of course I'll take the child’ Mrs, Hall
said; ‘what would become of her, else? If that
is all, vou may die reaAce

“‘Not quite all Say you belleve
forgive me.’

“Tl believe ve

me and

nd forgive you,’ repeated

 

Mrs. Hall with et pe, and the dying woman
feet up a larpentad ory.
‘That isn’t from he you cruel woman,’

Tha
shegeaid. Oh. I can’t go; Per

lt is the best n i seen nothing
but sorrow since the meade you roy friend

‘Ru supp esg-—suppose IT give you back
YON AI" it ‘waa @astliing 00 ese b jokl
“Well, it wa ow quickly
notherlwood broke up the hasd crust of a stub-

orn. pride
“"My own child? Lmpossible! I followed
my boys to thelr graves, and my little baby

id not an eagle her off tw its nest?” A
dope agle carry o

people saw
was rescued? h, I know
or we probably looked the

he dulity we felt. ‘When
epele behind the pines It
4nd dropped the baby
it by heavy. Me and my
was y bunting rattlesnake
pu we scared the bird

Hi

 
 

  

me and claimed it
end
wo’

 

randfather up-
d he get a wifa?
ta and

6 secret. This
Dick said: “Zet-
ve other boys
at ber.” phen 6
of it

p da
? shy: Bottle, the
’ at haan t, BO lo speak,
YY one I could love
: oF

d, Miss

  
  
 

 

  

  

  
   
 
 

 

left our steeds and proceeded on foot h
the tolerably safe and ee path made by Mrs.
Crawl and Zettie in their countless journey~
ings. We smelt the snakes before we sighted
the shack, They soon became so numerous
that we were forced to halt and shout fora
guide. Two half-erown lads appeared and
conducted us safely, controlling the snakes
as‘we do a pack of hounds

“I had anticipated horrors enough, heaven
knows; but without @ sight of the place | never
could have realized the full abomination of iH
the appalling degradation of the people an
the sheer infamy of such companionship. ye |
each were the serpent brands; the tlattenc
forehead, the bright, sly eyes, the attenuated
form, the sinuous movements and even sibi-
lant speech. ‘The actual introduction of blood
could not have made them more ophidian in
Appearance, The aged grandfather sunned
himself on a pile of moss; his son and oldest

randson were dressing skins, the other boys
oudled and trained their loathsome pets,
There was not a trace of any other occupation
to be seen, There was no door to Pe palmetto
shack, po chair in sight, not @ worthy the
name. The martyrdom of that poor woman
and child waa written everywhere in hideous
, voters,
one one welcomed us. The old man arose
as if still dreadiug arrest, but fell back again
on recognizing bis daughter-in-law's nephew,
The married Crawl brought his guard, more
effective than a hundred soldiers, to attention;
the younger boys seemed eager for a fray.
Dick, the suitor of Zettle, gave ine & mure
derous glance and then whistled to his famil-
iar, My blood curdied to see it answer the
call: to reflect that it had probably accom-
vanied us every foot of the way; to know that
it was reporting to its master, Yes, if 1 ever
witnessed intercourse between two minds,
I did then. Bud related our errand, and the
husband was deeply moved :

“Tt’s all so,’ he said: ‘couldn't you take her
wor for it? And Diok'll have to lose his wife.
Nemmine, Dick, we'll hunt you another.
Lookee here, you people—’Liza come to me
a good girl: { never knowed anybody doubted
{t. Col. Claymore never pertended no differ
to me. He called me out and sald: “Don’t be
akeered: I don’t want to take your father, It
suits me better for you both to blaty eat here
Then he said, didn’t I want a wife e wanted
‘Liga Janes outen the way, a8 she was trying
to marry his son. Her own father'd fetch
the license and he'd marry us himself of
course I Jumped at the offer.’ Then he mut-
tered in a lost manner: ''Liza dying over and
over, but refused to return wit . hat
would I do in a house?’ he asked

“Bud andl hurried back 48 auxtous foescape
the poisonous alr ag to relleve the two suffering
women. We found ther as we left them: the
superstition of one still {imploring that which
the distraction and uncertuinty of the other

yet withheld
“‘It's all true, Aunt 'Idza, as I knowed ft
‘There ain't no more é6tain

was,’ said Bud
on yourname. And Zettle’s yourn, sure enough,

Mis’ Hall.’
“'Now will you let me go?’ asked Mrs.
Craw),

“'Yeas,’ Mrs. Hall said, ‘I forgive everything,
now that I have my child again You poor
thing’ we have all sinned against you. Forgive
me my part in it.’

“The drawn features Immediately relaxed
and a aweet smile showed how attractive the
poor snake woman had once been, She closed
her eyes and died that instant, a curious exe
ample of mental power

“Being called upon again, T mounted my
wheel for the last time as messenger, my old
serpent enemy's eves threatening me from
the woodpile. I gathered all my wits towether,
for there were to be no half measures this
time, I knew; nothing less than my life wes at
stake opened my pocket_ knife, which,
from some prophetic instinct I had whetted
daily during the last fortnight—and barely
in time, for the thing was after me, and I could
not hope to outride it on a rough road, It
avoided the blade and wound ftaelf tn the hind
wheel of my bicycle, thus making a nistake,
as the highest intelligence will do sometimes
It struck at my back, but its pain, as T drove
the wheel over {ts folds, disturbed its alm and
{t only hit my belt. Luckily for me, the blow
was 80 flerce a8 to embed the fangs deeply and
firmly in the leather, and to leave the creature
a prisoner in its own toils, Ishall never forget
that hour. My sensations, as the snake strug-
gledand hissed and beat behind me,and TI slashed
away at it with awkward backward blows,
defy deacription. To inerease the horror of
the situation, I was never before so intensely
conscious of {ts diabolism. Kut my courage
rose as I felt it weaken, and I took the first
opportunity of throwing off ny belt and dis-
mounting. I staggered to a tree and fell be-
neath it, where | watched the fast failing rattler
which I had in several places almost out in two,
Its eyes, despairing but venomous and venge-
ful still, caught mine and held them unti! the
wondering men from Stone's came up and
finished it. As long aa I stayed at the serub T
half expected to moet the same evil spirit
in another form. Iwas very glad to get away.”

“And the little girl, being freed from the
creature, grew up in her own hore to an ac-
complished and lovely woman?” suggested
Brown, the romantic.

“She did,” answered Horsford, emphatically.
“In fact,” he added, smiling and coloring,
“I'm going out there bextmonth toattend my
own wedding *

THE SURGEON'S THREAD.

Many Kinds of Needles and a Variety of
Stitches Used tn Operations.

Imagine a tailor who deliberately plans
to have the stitches he so carefully sews give
way at a certain time. Suppose he should
use one kind of thread in a coat, warranted
to break in one week: another kind in the trou-
sers, guaranteed to fall apurt in a month, and
using permanent material only in making
up a waistcoat. Yet this is exactly what the
surgeon does every day butures, as the
surgeon's thread is called, are made from
various materials aocording to the require-

ments. Cateut, sik thread, silkworm gut,
silver wire, kangaroo tendons ard horsehair
are in common use.

Catgut was at one time obtained from mem-
bers of the feline tribe. As its use increased,
the supply ran short. Experiments showed
that sheep furnished an acceptable substi-
tute. So catgut used by surgeons, jewellers
and makers of musical instruments comes
now from the submucosa, or middle layer
of the intestine of sheep. It is the most com-
monly used of all suturing material. Cat-
gut stitches are absorbed in from five to seven
days, depending on the individual upon whom
they are used. In occasional instances cat-
gut futches bave been known to be absorbed
in thirty-six hours. By treating it with chro-
mic acid, such a suture will remain in position
for inany weeks. Because of its adaptability
and the cheapness of the material catgut heads
the list of surgical threads,

Silkworm gut can be more thoroughly steril-
ized than any other known suture material.
In preparing sutures of all sorts, the usual
method ts to boil the material tn ether, allow
it to soak for twenty-four hours, then place
ft in alcohol for a day or two and follow tis
with a bath of mercury solution. Notwith-
standing this thorough cleansing, the micro-
scope reveals germs still present in varying
numbers in many instances. Silk worm’ su-
tures show fewer microérganisins
materials Geated in Unis way, hence it is bighly
recoinmended for surgical Work. The ma-
terial is extracted froin a silkworm killed
immediately before it begins to weave its co-
coon. Unfortunately for surgeons, silkworm
sutures are not absorbed, but remain per-
ruanently in place. For this reason its use
is restricted to special work.

The short, tough tenduns taken from the
tall of a kangaroo furnish surgeons with a
valuable thread, Kangaroo tendon stitches
will hold fast for many days. The time of
absorption is estimated from four weeks
tw two months.

Horsehair and silver wire sutures are non-
absorbable, The fluids of the body do not
alfect them in any way,and onee in place the
stitches will remain until foreibly removed,
By some it is asserted that silver wire has dis-
tinct antiseptic properties, Nitrate of silver
in solution is known to be a good germicide.
Hence it is argued that a silver salt injurious
to eer development is formed by the contact
of body fluids with silver wire. Thus stitch
abscesses are said to be of
when silver wire is utilized,

Silk thread, such as is used by tailors, but of
the finest Ce and of larger caliber, is fre-

used. The stitches

rare occurrence

quent) are practically
non-absorbabie, though at times no trace of
the thread has been found in the tissue at the

copvenes of @ year,

To accommodate this assortment of threads
special varieties of needjes are naturally re-
quired, A surgeon's “housewife” contains
needles that would scarcely be recognized as
such by the uninitiated. sides the needles
curved th different segments of a circle, surgeous
use needles shaped like spears, javeling and bay-
onet points, Some are as long as ins,
Rerspinating in a point like a minature knife
blade. Others have the sharpened end tri-
angular, with the apices of the angles sharpened
to @ razor 6 Some few are formed like
ordinary sewing needles, but made of greater
tensil strength.

Instead of a thimble, a surgeon uses an instru-
ment called a n holder, [t is shaped
like a pair of scissors, the pointa of which are
blunt clamps. The needle is held fast be-
tween the jaws of the clamps uatil released
by opening tho two blades as scissors are
opened. ren a frash hold is taken and the
action repeated with every stitch.

A. skilful surgeon has perfect command
of the needle at all times. there are moments
during an operation when a well-placed stitch
racans saving the life of a patient. At such
times the skilful surgeon displays a celerity

deftness not surpassed in embroidery.
© surgeon rel upon certain stitches
for different n just as the dressmaker
picks a c among the various forms
of stitching. Thehemstitch, cat stitch, whale-
bone, herring bone, reneene stitch and back
hand #0 deur to the feminine fingers have their
counterparts in the surgeon's mattrass si-
ture, interrupted and cont! US suture, Mb
cut suture, purse sti and figure eight
Tembert and y sufures. As

  

ap rigte stitch,
6 OF AN so the;
re

TPE FON RET LT I ES LR PS aE FE TY RE TT UT NTT TN

    
   
   
 
  

than other |

THE SUN, SUNDAY, AUGUST 26, 1900.

   

PALESTINE FOR THE JEWS.

 

PROMISE OF SUCCESS IN THE NEw

GOTIATIONS WITH THE SULTAN.

Zionist Leaders’ Confident Statements at the
Congress in London—Detailsof the Scheme
Not to Be Made Public Until All Is Ready

Spread of Zionism in the World,

Lonvon, Aug. 15.—The Fourth Zionist Con-
gress is now fn session here, For three years
ita meetings were held at Basle. So great has
been the progress in spreading the doctrine of
Zionisin §0 the past twelve monthssthat the as-
semblage of delegates this year is the largest on
record. The committee having the arrange-
ments in charge were, in a measure, prepared
for this and hired Queen's Hall, one of the

‘largest in London, The hall has been crowded

at every session of the congress.

The explanation of the enthusiasm this year
lies tn the fact that the leaders have said that
the plan of securing permission from the Sultan
of Turkey for the return of the Jews to Pales-
tine could and would be carried out, When
asked for the details they explained that certain
features were not yet perfected and that the
scheme could not be made publio until this had
been done. It matiered not that they must go
as subjects of the Sultan of Turkey, restricted
by Turkish laws and governed by Turkish of-
ficials

The congress includes such men as Dr. Max
Nordau, })r. Theodore Herzl of Vienna, Dr.
Alexander Marmoret of the Pasteur Institute
{n Paris, Prof. Richard Gottheil of Cetumbia
University, New York; Prof. Mandelstamne of
Kief, the eminent ooulist; Prof. Belkowsky of
St. Petersburg, the Rey. Dr. Moses Caster of
London, Dr. Bodenheimer of Cologne and Sir
Franois Montefiore

fn his presidential address, part of which was
delivered in ienglish (the official language of
the congress being German), Dr Herz! pointed
to England as being one of the few countries in
the worldin which God's ancient people were
not detested and persecuted. He declared that
the Zionist movement meant pot only much for
the Jews, but it also meant something for oth-
ers It notonly openedup to every country a
settlement of the Jewish question in a munner
worthy of mankind, but it likewise con-
tained the elements of a great perspective
for the Orient. The Astatio problem grew from
day to day more serious, and would for some
time be deeply tinged with blood. It was of
increasing importance to civilized nations,
therefore, that on the shortest road to Asia
there should be set up a post of civilization,
which would be at the service of civilized inan-
kind. Such a post was Palestine, and the Jews
were ready with their blood and their substance
to provide that post for civilization. ‘Thus
would the Jews be helped; but the greatest
gainer of all would be the Turkish Eimpire,
under whose suzerainty the Jewish State would
be set up.

It is probable that Dr. Hergi's address
furnishes the key to the solution of the political
end of the negotiations that are being made
with the Sultan. The Zlontst leaders feel con
fident that the Sultan will look favorably upon
the proposition that will give him perhaps
milltons of loyal subjects whose industry will
reclaim a vast tract of useless territory and
thus largely increase his revenues, and, at the
saine time, preserve to the Turkish Empire a
spot so hallowed by traditions as to attract the
attention of the entire world. One of the officers,
in conversation, explained the situation

“The Jewish race throughout the world num
bers between 10,000,000 and 15,000,000. It is im-
possible, of course, to give a closer estimate.
The great mass are in Europe, divided between
Russia and Austria. It is very evident that the
Jows are not wantedin any of these countries.
They are subjected to horrible persecutions.
The English-speaking countries, America
and England, are the only ones where the Jews
are tolerated and are permitted to enjoy equal
rights and privileges. In America the social
lines are drawn against us more than in Eng-
land, but there is absolute freedom from the
oppression seen in other countries. Now,
where shall our people go if not to Palestine?
Palestine is to-day a desolate waste. Why
should not our people restore it? Here are
several miliions seeking a home. Here is the
home forthem. Of course, it will entall enor-
mous expense, but the money will be forth-
coming assoonas the arrangements are com-
pleted. Palestine is under Turkish rule. We
do not seek to disturb those conditions. Our
mission is one of peace. Weexpectto pay for

our new possessions. And when we settle
down, just as any other property owners
do, we shall become good and loyal

subjects of the Sultan and shall conform to
whatever laws that country imposes. All we
religious liberty. Our people have for
generations lived in Turkish territory, and we
never had any trouble, Ve mind our own
business and do not seek to interfere with other
peoplein the exercise of their religious faith.
That was the cause of the Armenian troubles,
We don't anticipate any such trouble. You see,
I speak as thougi: it was already settied, I can
not tell you how we expect to bring about this
scheme, but I wilisay that I do not anticipate
any further trouble. Itis not yet entirely set-
tled, but I am confident that we have overcome
all obstacies."’

“Are these considerations
nature?"’

“Tcannot tell you whatthey are. Ido not
see that any harm will be done by stating that
the considerations are partly financial and
partly political. Of course, we expect the
aid of the various Governments in which our
people now reside. They are anxious to get rid
of the Jews and, naturally, will aid in any
movement toward that end. Just what form
that aid will take I am not at liberty to say.”

“You spoke of the Jews in Palestine becom-
ing loyal subjects of the Sultan. Did you mean
that they would take the oath of allegiance to
the Sultan and renounce allegiance to the other
soverciguties whence they came?”

“That is just what I meant. I referonly to
those who go to Palestine."’

“‘Hlow, then, can the other nations interfere
in case of trouble? What pretext would they
have if their own citizens were notin trouble?”

“There will not be any trouDie,’’ was the
coniident reply. ‘The Jews are a peaceable
race, We have been persecuted because of our
religious belief, but our people never started
any disturbance. Wherever the Jews have
settled you wif find a peaceable, law abiding
people. It will be so in this instance, When
once the royal signature is affixed to our charter
there will be no occasion for the Sultan to regret
his action. Why should he? Palestine will be
changed from a desert to a garden. The Jews
have been driven into commerctal pursuits, but
originally they were tillers of the soil. In the
early days of our race the farmers knew more
about scientific farming than do the farmers of
the present day. We have writings on the sub-
ject of farming that would be of great value to
modern farmers. The Jews returning to
Palestine would, in a few years, restore that
country to a flourishing, fruitful condition.
Large revenues would go w the Sultan where
now he receives nothing. Does it seem reason-
able that he will seek to overthrow any such
condition of affairs?”

“Assuming that you secure
permission to return to Palestine, what
plan will be adopted in dividing the land
60 as to make an equitable distribution,
Nearly all of these refugees, if they may
be called such, will presumably be penniless,”’

“Unfortunately that is rue. The Jewish Colo-
nial Bank was established for the purpose of
helping those who have no funds. Those who
try to get ahead will have whit assistance they
require, Understand me. This is not acom-
munistic scheme. If a man wont work—is lazy
and shiftless--he will have to get along as best
he can. We shall not encourage idleness. But
no industrious man will be allowed to fall for
want of funds."

“Where will these funds come from?’

“ From Jews in all parts of the world. No
subscriptions will be asked of any but Jewish
peop'e. Thisisa national movement. Unfor-
tunately there are many of the wealthiest Jews
who do not appreciate the terrible situation
of their people and they have not yet come
forward to help in thismovement. Thereport

asa is

of a” financtal

the Sultan's

of L. J. Greenberg, honorary secretary of the
English Zionist Federation, refers to those
Jews who have crown rich by the rigging of
markets and the abuse of the opportunities of
the Stock Exchange and the Bourse, who have
established newspapers and used them for pur-
poses of blackmail, who have heaped up
wealth out of usury wrung from temptation
and vice, who, by these and similar ill-gotten
gains, and the meanest cringing and licking
the dirtiest of dust, have managed to craw) to the
edge of society only so that they may employ
soctety for the meanest ends—against those Jews
who thus ensconced on the sordid heights of
their mean ambitions affect to despise the peo-
ple that only grieves to have given them birth—
in whose mouth no boast is so resonant of satis-
faction as ‘'pon my word, he took me fora
Christian!’ This ts the class of Jew who outs
himself adrift from his people and all that con-
cerns them—who, if he give a donation to a
Jewish charity, it i# but to oblige a friend by
whom he expects to be obliged, and on con-
dition that his donation is anonymous, but who,
if there happen to be a donation list being drawn
for a Christian object, pours in his subscription
unasked, never thinking of hiding bis name.
‘Jews of that class," continued the Zionist
leader, ‘are not affiliated with this movement.
But the contributions come from all other
classes of our race. When they see that we
surely can carry out our plan there will be no
lack of funds. Then those purse-vroud men will
want to be associated with the movement.”
After the opening exercises on Monday morn-
ing, Dr. Nordau delivered in German a long
and powerful addreas on the general position
of the Jews. He pointed out that anti-Semit-
ism, contrary to what Jewish grandees said,
{s not diminishing, but is certainly growing.
Even in these days ritual murder or blood
accusation was believed {n, as in the Middle

Ages, and the death sentence § given.
The expulsions in Koumania exceeded in
cruelty the expulsion of the Jews
from Spain in 1400, and showed better

than any theoretical argument the necessity for
Zioniam. There were now tens of thousands,
probably hundreds of thousanda, of Jews abso-
lutely innocent of wrong, very poor, but able
and willing to work, who were expelled from
their native country and admitted by no other
country, who were starving and who were
treated like wild animals. What had official
Jewry done for them? What that had not done
Zionism could do, The only solution of the
emigration problem was that which the Zion-
ists advocated, and that was not to send Jews
from one country to another, but to provide for
a settlement in a land of their own. The object
at which they were aiming was not a dream,
and he urged that the realization of their cher-
ished hopes waa the only solution of the prob-
lem which was weighing as a nightinare on the
hearts and consciences of men all over the
world.

At the second session reports as tothe prog-
reas of the Zionist movement were received
from delegates of the different countries into
which it has been introduced. Prof. Gottheil of
New York, in responding for the United States,
said that his people in America bad heard of
the condition of the Jews in those countries
fromm which they were emigrating in large num-
bers. Another side of the problem was pre-
sented to those who had to receive the immi-
grants, whose number had swollen from 250,000
to 800,000 in America. A word of tribute was
due not only to the Jews of the United States,
but also to the great Christian population which
had taken up 80 large a new population, and
with a minimum of friction settled them in the
large cities, There had been a little friction of
a social and ecopomic character, and that fric-
tion might possibly be accentuated by the ar-
rival of new emigrants from the East
of Europe. The social friction was
the one most to be dreaded, for the Jews
of America were confronted with the alterna-
tive of complete assimilation with all its conse-
quences, and of reverting to a moral and social
ghetto, which bore heaviest upon those who
had tasted most freely of modern civilization.
There was in addition the religious question:
how to preserve for theniselves that religious
practice which they believed to be their moat
wlorious heritage. To the Zionist the answer to
all these diMiculties was “the Bab programme."’
It was significant that the American Zionist
societies, numbering over a hundred, to be
found from the Atlantic to the Pacific, and
from the Great Lakes to the Gulf of Mexico,
were founded by new immigrants.

Mr. Clarence I. de Sola, one of the Canadian
delegates, presented a report of the condition
of the movement in Canada. Zionism, he sald,
had been particularly successful in Canada
The movement only began in January, 1898, by
the establishment of the first Zionist Society in
Montreal, and although only two and a half
years had elapsed since then there were now
societies establixhed in almost every oilty in
Canada where there was a Jewish community
He wished particularly to mention the society
in Winnipeg, because that society was founded
for Jews who had only recently arrived, and
who had felt persecution themselves, Their
first acton arriving at their new homes had
been to establish a Zionist Society. The mem-
bership of these societies included the majority
of the Jews. They bad practically no anti-
Zionism in Canada. If there were mem-
bers of their community who had not
yet joined the movement it was not
due to opposition, but to the fact that
they had not yet had time to canvass
the entire community. They had practically
had no refusal from any of their brethren
whom they had approached. They were push-
ing on their organization and committees had
been formed to establish societies in the few
remaining communities, and it would not be
long before Zionist societies had been planted
from the Atlantic to the Pacifico, With regard
to the condition of the Jews in Canada the
speaker said it was needless to say that in any
country forming part of the British Empire
there was Do discrimination between the people
of different races or religions. The Jews in
Canada stood as high as citizens as the mem-
bers of any other sect. He referred to the suc-
ceasful foundation of a Jewish agricultural
colony in western Canada, and said that if they
could be successful tn agricultural pursuits in
Canada they surely could be tn Palestine.

Herr 0. Marmorek, Secretary of the govern-
ing body of the Zionist movement, in the course
of his report, said that it had been decided to
take specially into c@gnsideration the advisa-
bility of making a large extension of the Zionist
press throughout the world, So far as the prac-
tical outlook of the general movoment was con-
cerned he was anxious not to make any state-
ment that might prove premature, but he
might say that they had received the most bee
nevolent enoouragement from some of the
Powers. Much more would have been done in
respect to general agitation had more means
been placed at their disposal. In Russia they
had 1,034 societies, as against 877 last year, and
903 the year before. He reckoned that there
were at least 100,000 members of Zionist societies
affiliated to the Zioniat movement. In England
they had thirty-elght societies this year, as
against sixteen last year, and all sooleties had
increased their membership. Thanks to the
work of the English Zionist Federation, Zion-
ism bad greatly prospered and made much
headway in England. In the United States
there were 185 societies, as against 102 last vear,
among which were forty ladies’ soctleties.
There were Zionist societies in thirty States of
the Union. In South Africa, notwithstanding the
war, shekel money had been collected. He also
recounted very active work in Algeria, France,
Belgium, Holland, Germany, Italy and Switzer-
land. In Austria, despite the opposition of the
wealthy, Zionism had made great headway,
especially iu the country districts. In Galicia
Zionists were in absolute majority among
the Jews. In Roumapiathe exodus that had
been goingon had somewhat weakened the
support Zionists could rely upon, but atfll a
large majority of Jews were Zionists. In bul-
carta the state of the Jews was worse than in
Roumania, because inthe former place Jews
were poorer. None the less, Zionism had 42
societies in Bulgaria. He felt no hesitation
in saying that to-day a vast majority of the
Jewish nation were with them. They had also
fostered the intellectual side of the movement
by starting libraries. an@lectures and othes

  
 

    
  
    
   
   
   
   
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
  
    
  
 
 
   
   
   
  
  
  
 
 
    
 
 
   
 
   
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 

  
 
 

| than I can say for a Filipino

following officers:

the

carri
Russia the hundred and nineteen cavalry regi-
Menta carry sabre and carbine; the fifty-eight

nents
lance, the filteen reg tmenita in the
1

bf the Suarie cavgl

 

means for the study of Hebrew, Hebrew litera-
ture and history.

Dr. O. Kokesch, treasurer of the movement,
introduced the financial repors, which showed
an income of 173,018 francs accruing from the
poll tax imposed upon every member of a Zion-
ist association. The cash in hand amounted to
80,124 francs, while the expenditure by subven-
tions, agitations, confidential agents, &c.,
reached the respectable total of 86,804 francs.
An interesting item under the head of expendi-
ture is the sum of 21,087 francs to the press.

FILIPINO SELF-GOVERNMENT.

A Now York Judge's Son Writes From the tsl-
andes on the Optnions of the People Themselves.

One of the Supreme Court Justices of New
York city, who prefers not to have his name
mentioned, has a son who is serving his country
in the army in the Philippines. Recently one
of the family asked the young man to express
an opinion from actual observation as to the
capacity of the Filipinos for self-government.
Here is the reply, the name of the writer being
omitted by request:

“You have asked me to give you my opinion
as to the capabilities of these people to govern
themselves. It is that they are no more fit to
do so than any other race of semi-civilized
people, Onestrong reason against the Filipinos
undertaking to govern themselves, at present
at least, is that they are thoroughly imbued
with Spanish methods, and so would not know
how to conduct an honest government. Every
man placed in a responsible position would use
his power solely for his own ends.

“I will give you the statement of a native of
one of the better lower class. That is, the man
works in some capacity at the Captain of the
Port's, while his wife, with whom I talked, has
a small stand where she sells fruit, cigars,
cigarettes and native eatables of different kinds.
I happened to know them pretty well, as we did
guard on the river front near their shack, and
the woman struck me a6 belng Very much supe-
rior to most of those of her class whom 1 had
seen. It is hard to explain in what way, as it
is necessary to see and know the natives to
understand whatI mean, but what first attracted
my attention was her great affection for her
children. I was talking to her one day, and
in some way we began to speak of the inde-
pendence of the Filipinos. She sald that if
such a thing should ever happen she and her
husband and children would go to Hong Kone,
where, according toher, there must be quite a
colony of Filipinos. Iasked her why she would
do this and she expressed herself in this way

“*No matter who is in power here a man
must still work to earn his chow-chow [food),
whether Spaniards or Americans, makes no
difference to this fact. But the natives think
that if they could gain independence they could
live by some means, not evident at present,
without doing anything to earn that living.’

“Of course I have not attempted to give her
language, only her idea, but she went on to
say that holding that idea those who had
power or weapons would sinply take what
they chose from those weaker than themselves
‘which would mean ruin for my jitisband and
myself, besides hundreds of others in the same
position.” As an example of this she pointed
out that the native police would come to her
stand and help thetnselves to whatever they
wanted, telling her to charge it to them, but
when pay day came they uever thought of
giving her what they owed her. (I must con-
fess this struck me as rather like our own cops
and the peanut stands’)

“This seems to me, as coming from one of
the very class who think to derive the greatest
benefits from self-government, to be very
nearly an unanswerable argument against
any such nonsense, for who should |now the
natives and the capabilities of the people better
than one of themselves.

“Now I do not know whether this view of the
question, coming from one of the people as it
does (and I can vouch for its truthfulness)
has been put before you Vet, but to me it is
conclusive and diapels any doubts I may have
had upon the subject, although there have
never been many

“You would be very much surprised if you
could see the Chinamen in this country, where
they are on their native heat) practically.
We look upon them in the States as a very
quiet and mysterious people, but here all that
is quite different. They are jolly and in my
opinion the better class—the merchants—are
much superior to the same class of natives,
They are superior business men, and as a rule
more honest mm their dealings than the Fil-
pinos, If they say they will do a@ thing you
may depend upon them to do it, which is more
The third and
lowest class, the coolies, are without exception
the most ignorant lot I have ever seen and
they are the hardest people to deal with im-
aginable, unless you are a Chino, For in-
stance, a man told me the other day that he
had a gang of coolies unloading a casco (lighter)
of rice and loading it on carts. The carts
were some new trucks which he had just re-
ceived and were swung low between the wheels,
about six inches from the ground. The coolies
looked at the carts and refused to work—of
course the man could not imagine what was
the matter, but after a great deal of trouble,
for they are the hardest people you ever saw
to get anything out of, they sald they wouldn't
work because the trucks were so low they
would have to lift the rice too high to put it on
their shoulders! He tried to persuade them,

 

but he had to fire them and get natives to take

their places, for ajthough they do not work so
well they will do what they are told.”

 

MILITARY AND NAVAL NOTES,

On the recommendation of the Minister of
War, Gen. André, there has been a complete
reorganization of the French Superior Council

of War. Under Gen. de Gallifet it was exch-
sively composed of Generals in active command,

but the present head of the War Office is of
opinion that such an arrangement would result
{in much inconvenience in war time. The
Council as now constituted is composed of the
President, the Minister for

War: Vice-President, Gen. Brugére, General-

issimo of the army; “ens. Saussier, Zurlinden,

Pierron, Zede, Duchesne, Kessler, Lucas and
De Négrier. Three of these, Duchesne, Kessler,

and Lucas on being retained as members of
the Council were replaced by others in the

corps they commanded, and Gen. Brugére
ceased to exercise the duties of Military Gover-
nor of Paris. Gen. De Négrier, on resuming
his duties from which he had been retired
about a year ago in consequence of a speech
he made in connection with the Dreyfus agita-
tion, d visits to President Loubet and the
principal Ministers.

There is a good deal of discussion still going
on in Europe as to cavalry armament. In
France the matter has not yet been settled,
the utility of the lance not being entirely be
Heved in. In Germany the ninety-three cay-

alry regiments are all armed with ‘sabre, car-

bine and lance, In Austria the forty-two
cavalry regiments St Spore pnd carding,
en regiments o ana that formerly
the lance have ceased to do 80. s

ragoon regiments have no lance, but have a
ort bayonet of about five inches long for
ir carbines, In thirty-eight Cossack reg!-

e@ men in the front rank carry the

“aucasus

the Cossacks carry 4

mn the six regiments
the front rank carry

the lance. In the Italian Army twenty-four

cavalry regiments carry sabre and carbine,

he latter with a bayonet a foot long; the ten
cer regiments carry lance in addition.

Tho new battleship just laid down at the
Baltic Yard, St. Petersburg, for the Russian

ave no lance, but a

istol and polgnard,

Sovernment, {s to be named the Kniaz Suvoroff,
after the great General of that name,
will be of the Borodino class to which the Orel
and Imperator Alexander IJI., now building
belong, and will displace 13,000 tons. She will

She

be protected by a complete water-belt ling

of 12-inch maximum thickness, and her arma-
ment will consist of four 12-inch breech loaders,

elve 6-inch and twenty 38-inch quic’ firers:

ides 8) er machine s. Her o
ines and boilers of the Naliovilie wee will
evelop 16,800 horse-power. The ba tleship

niaz Potemkine Tavrichesky of 12,440 tons,

will be launched this auwinin: so wil) one
of the three suagol boats
yd = ee oing torpedo bul ‘

 
   

 

LIGHT ON TIENTSIN Flan

CHARLES DENBY, JR., AND IIs Wipp
TELL WHAT THEY SAW Thirrr,

 

Rassians Saved the Imperiiled Forcigners
Taku Affair on Unexplained blunder
Incidents of the Stege— Mrs, Drew Denicg
That She Told Stories of Russian Atrocities,

Letters received by James L. Orr of byang.
ville, Ind., father-in-law of Charles Derby, Jp,
throw a new light on the behavior of the Bury.
pean troops at Tientsin and onthe attack «+ the
Taku forts, Mr. Denby is the son of the forp op
United States Minister to China and wi. 2°
Secretary of Legation to his father. He t=,
been made Secretary of the temporary govory.
ment set up by the allies at Tientsin, Mr, Ory ‘
first letter ia from his daughter, Mrs. lien,
who was at Tientsin during the fleht, and) ‘
been sent since with the other European wonen
to Japan. Bhe says, under date of
dune 30;

“Thave no idea when! wrote last. fins 9
much has happened that I could fill a volume,
lhardly know where to begin, I wrote yoy
that there were constant alarms, and for tay
days large night patrols, but no one reall,
pected much would happen,

"Finally, however, on the night of June 45
enormous fires in the native city Were stariog
andthe Boxers began their atiacks oF the
settlement. So we were all aroused at 40 looy
and every one who lived in the extra concessiog
wenteither to friends on Victoria road or t9
the Town Hall, Asit happened Mrs. von Hane
nekin hadasked ua to come here in case of
alarm so we eacaped to the Town H How
thankful we were afterward no one oa te

ientasin,

el.

“There were, perhaps, a hundred people whe
remained in their own homes. All the rest of
the foreigners were huddled together in Gordog

Hall for ten days. It must have been awf
“On the Monday after Friday, June 14, we
thought that all was lost and oll at Mra w

n
Hannekm's went to the hall expecting & ka
a last resistance. The few hours we were there
were enough. Fortunately the Ru na kept

back the Chinese troops and in the evening wa
returned to our comfortable quarters. Sunday
morning the foreign fleet at Taku captured the
forts and in the afternoon real war bega

“We were shelled for seven days and nights
For the first few days we lived in the cellar,
Five shells burst in our compound, but forty.
nately none struck the house, In some parts of
the town the shelling and showers of bullets
were something too awful to belleve. Howany
one escaped was a marvel, for shells came from
three directions into the French settlement and
bullets from every quarter, The Chinese troops
were absolutely every where

“Two days before the alarm 1,700 Russian
troops arrived. They saved our lives. On that
Monday they fought 5,000 Chinese foreign.
drilled troops for twelve hours (the man who
drilled them was fighting with the Russians)
At one time they thought they could not hold
them at bay, but in the evening the Russiang
somehow still maintained their position. Hod
the Boxers or avy troops come upon us from
any other side it would have been absolutely
for we had only 600 men besides the
These would have been absolutely

hopeless,
Russians
wiped out

“But how the Russians fovgeht and suffered!
For three days and nights they lay in the
exposed toa terrific fire without being able to
fight back, The Chinese were behind trenches,
so the Russians could not afford to wast» ar-
munition, During all these daya it seemed ng
if the whole world was burning. Fires, fires
fires everywhere!-started by Chinese as well
us foreigners. It is impossible to conceive ths
amount of loss by fire and the number of refuse
gees there must be

“All these days we were walting and waiting
for reénforcements. We could not believe that
the Admirals would bombard the forts at Taku,
plunge us into war and then leave us with only
afew hundred troops which bad been sent bn
fore the trouble began, Such, however, was

hecase, No one kiows where the fault In)

ertainly there was much mismanagement, for
when the news reached them that we were (n
Straits they were surprised, We sent measaces
by boat which probably never reached ther.
On Wednesday night, however, a youn@ man
with two Russian Cossacks rode to Taku. Ku--
sia will eive him her (ress of St. George, which
correspo ids tu the Victoria Cross, and every
other nation should decorate him, too.

“Two days before he left Tlentsin 200 Ameri
cans and 400 Russians had started from ‘Tahu.
‘Lhey had three dreadful days of fighting. Kut
when the 2,000 additional troopa were dis-
patched from Taku, after the arrival of Jim
Watts, the brave rider, they were able with
such a reénforcement to work thir wa
through, Thus they all arrived on Sunday
morning, seven days after the bombardment of
the jorts. Some fighting went on for several
days after that. But for three days there!
been no shelling, owing, they say, to the
Chinese merchants, who went in a body and
beseeched the Viceroy to stop, as they were
loosing so much. Three arsenals hive »
taken, two or three forts, where there were
cannon, and the military school, but so far tie
bia wun js still in the Chines« clty, We have
never had enough troops to attack. We |ave
only been on the defensive, but in a few weeas
there wil! be thousands of troops here

“The Chinese were well prepared for thi-, but
only one er had any idea that the troulie
would be serious, and to him we owe ali our
lives, Col. Wogack, the military attache.

All ladies and children must leave as soon 94
poesia and we may gonowin @ day or |

am all packed and ready to start in atu
mient’s notice for Japan.”

Mr Denby himself wrote later to Mr. Orr

; “TIENTSIN, July 10, 100

‘To-day we expect 1,600 American troops, 9
marines and the Fourih Kegiment Inia:
from. Manila, 1,200, under Col. Meade. Every
day have a terrific bormbardment, and nearly
every day a battle of infantry. Yesterday we
had the worst bombardment since the trouble
began. The Chinese were firing very low from
the forts in the Chinese city and nearly every
shell struck a house. My washhouse has been
struck, the stable roof knocked off. We havea
shell equare in the west side of the house about
fifteen foet up, and one in the gardon whio
dug a big trench. I was taking some Chine-4
away vesterday at noon and the shell and
shrapnel Were appalling. They burstin the ar
over our heads, they hit in the water and they
smashed against the sides of the house

“T was very tired and Wought I would go
home ina ricksha, but a huge shell struck 4
go-down wall just over my head and I climbed
outand hugged the sides of the street. ( \\
Campbell, whom you know, was struck on th@
foot. Cousins of Jardines was shot on the lew
while lying onhis bed. Seven British sentres
were shot last night whileon duty between the
British and French concessions

“There was a fine sight from my windos

per
pon,

  
 

 

yesterday A large body of troor ”
strong. American, English, Japanese, | n
and Chinese, from Wei-Hal-We), went across the
lain early in the morning to surround and tak»
tho westarsenal. ITcould see every movemen'
rom the back of my house, and I watcled wih
Col. Mallory, U.S, A. The troop. civairy, ine
fantry, artillery—-etarted acros tie pluin at
daylight. We could see the ads n threo
columns, the firing of the fieid pieces, the
charge of the cavalry, and the fina {ng ir

infantry. Nearly five hundred ( hinese solders
were killed and the arsenal taken and destroyed

To-day there has been perfect quiet so far, and

we are only afraid that the (Chinese hav nee
the

  

   

batteries in preparation, It shows how
Ohinese are fighting when I tell you thot 4
have 12,000 foreign tro: ps here worl rty
fifty guns and are on the strict defensive
“Foreign lovses have been heavy. vere dav
there are burying parties, and the wourded
cause more pity than the dead In the marci
to relieve Pekin, which was forced to return, 27
ver cent. of Americans were kilied or wo nded
‘he Chinese take no prisoners and we very fe.
It tsa bitter race war. The ( hinese “4
been very heavy and will be more. [: raid

Sir Claude Macdonald and all our frends ore
lost. I shall stay here to watch my {nleres's
and try to save something from the wreck

 

 

 

Mrs. Anna Drew, wife of the chie! secretary
of Sir Robert Hart, haa written a letter [9
Count Cassini, the Russian Ambaseodor
which she denies having made the stat ete
imputed to her about atrocities committed by
Russian soldiers upon Chinese women and
children. She says:

We have been living at Tientsin the past
year and T returned from there only last week

Our steamer was besieged
porters upon our arrival at San Francise, ¢04
although I was extremely carefu! of whatl
said to them, a great many strange things have
been put into my mouth hy some disagrra!’4
People. The worst of all was gn article w!
attributed to me the most hort! le stor tg
atroctiies eommitted by the Russian soldier?
Wish to deny these statements in fil. on %*
the account has been copied {n many beter
pers, ithas perhaps come to your norce |
eel that T at least must tell you how fue: it al
is. In fact, 1 can from my own experience ul
ing those horritle days of the sieve at |
speak only in the highest terms of pr

with newspaper re

  

entein

Russian soldiers, who undoubtedly saved our
lives on more than one occasion.’
There Is No Fxeuse for It.
The ifea that many advertisers haveo! ngep
On expense simply to “keep their names be! 0

ers’’ of so-called Real Estate m a wnep
@atiafactory results are not realized in prirely 6D!"
mental, Remember this, and also Tur Suv whee
Placing your ordersagain, The heal Msiate Hoard
of Brokers use Tur SUN for its reliable pews wakeet
@s well as the columns for adve F