Par MEET Se

a EE TES ae es

nome.

ee

—

sue

Mee ae.

nee

   

  

 

MAINED UP IIIS SLAVES.

JACK ANDERSON'R PRIVATE PRISON
THAT MAY STILL BE SEEN,

B's in Kentucky, and ‘Sqatro Barton Thinks

That Anderson May Have Been Legree’s |

) Prototrpe tn “Unele Tom's Cabin’ One
f ef the Cruclest of Soutborn Slaveholders,

Pant, Ky., Aus. 22. -There la a little village
hot many miles back of Maysville, Ky., in which
fully three-quarters of a century ago the loung-
ors congregated daily about the corner store,
eat on the empty store boxes, chewed tobacco,
whittled and disoussed with the wisdom of slua-
gis minds the affaira, ofvic, political, ethical,
philosophio and spiritual, of the known world;
and there were mon in that coterie who, in
thoir own opinion at least, could have adinin-
fatered the functions of Furopean govern-
moenta with greater wisdom than any crowned
head of them all. As for the plain, simple
government of a coalition of States, why, there
were embryo Washingtons, Clays, Jeffersons
and Calhouns plentiful as watermelons occu-
pying the splint-bottom chairs tilted against
the shady side of the corner store or lounging
Upon the store boxes or hitching rails in front.

Procisely the same condition of affairs exists
to Ua day. Sixty or more years ago the town
had 20 inhabitants, Six decades have drifted
by -everything drifts, never floate or runs
with the stream of advancement In that nelgh-
borhood—and the village is the same to-day.
Its people are of the same character; they dream
and whittle, talk politics, are reminiscent as
their predecessors, Store boxes, hitching posts
and feeding troughs have been renewed from
thie to time and from time to time have been
whittled into oblivion by the deecendants of

the early settlers, the only change In sixty years
beine the addition of less than 100 souls to the
popiation and the absence of negro slaves,

The latter fact may have proved a hardship
to the small—exceedingly small—farmers of
that region, but if so it is not appreciable tn
the expansion of energy of the ex-owners,
If a fenee tumbles down, it comes in handy for
firewood; if @ house leaks, the owner sagely
takes wisdom of the gentleman of Arkansas;
but the same old-time dignity and pride of
office and title, civic and military, still exists;
the old magistrate who holds an occasional
@ourt in the rear of a shoeshop is addressed
@s “Squlah,” the constable as “Mr. Constable,”
‘while the road supervisor gets preference by
Utle and not by name

1t was from one of the former, an ex-Magis-
trate of fifty years agone, that the story of old
dock Anderson comes, During an afternoon
Spent in this liltle village of somnolence the
writer met Squire Barton, an old, white-headed
gentleman of the old school, and was attracted
by his simple and courteous manner, We
talked about the great strides of improvement,
@bout the recent wars and the political status
of affairs, European and American; but it was
soon plainly evident that to the Squire the
present and the future were but reminders of
the dead past,and in order to give the old gentle-
man an opportunity to follow the bent of his
mind, the writer said:

“This was aslave-owning section before the
war, was it not, Squire?”

“Yes, euh, it was, Nearly everybody of any
wornsequence owned niggahs befo’ the war.”

“How were the slaves really treated in those
days -as human beings or as animals or brutes?”

“Thank God, suh, our people were gentlemen
and gentlewomen, and with the exception of old
dack Anderson, 1 never saw or heard of any-
body who maltreated their slaves; but Anderson,
who lived about six miles from this place on a
large plantation, was the most inhuman brute I
ever knew and I've always thought that when
Harriet Beecher Stowe wrote her ‘Uncle Tom's
Cabii sbe must have had io mind old Jack
Anderson for her Legree.”

“1 would Like to hear something about him

if you care to tell it.”
Why should I not, euh?

uthern
.suh, as you doubtless perceive, and | know

lama

ma
Kentucky from the Big Sandy to Fulton and
from. (he Ohio to the Cumberland Monntains,

and | neve kaew or heard {4 all that broad scope
of sueha fen » I don't suppose that a_ negro
trader or driver ever had a soul, and old Jack
Anderson was worse than either, Nobody re-
spected him and every body despised him. If

‘re's his equal {9 ell, suh!—your pardon,
euh! -whenever I think of that man L lose my
presence of mind and my religion,” said the
old gentleman p apology.

fin to tell the story. continued he, “so that
you can fully understand what sort of a flend
Anderson was, and {f you have the time anc
fnelination I will take you out to his old planta-
tion, There you oan see the surrounding
the old house an by Jat} in which he confined
his slavea, and the broad flelda in which they
red in chains and under the laah from be-
ore daybreak until dark every day of their
unfortunate lives,”

A few minutes later the old aquire and the
writer were flying over a beautiful road behind
a Kentucky thoroughbred, As we were de-
ecending a hill we overtook an old colored man
who was hobbling along with the aid of a long
hickory pole which he grasped about the mid-
die, and as we drew near I saw that the negro
was very old. His kinky locke were white as
Snow, resembling asnowFwhile mossy wreath
@bout a bald pate, while his face was wrinkled
and crinkled by time, but his eyes were still
bright and clear

Good mawanin’, Elim,” said the squire as wp
rode up.

“W'y, gracious maasy, ef dat ain’ ole Squiah
Rahton, Mawnin’, Squiah, mighty nice hose
yoh got dah, Squiah,”

“Good as thar is in the county, Elvin,” said
the old gentleman, roudly "Who Is running
the old Anderson place now?"

“Ross dim Walton ah Mighty fine man ter
know nufia Jbout hosses. Cum fum N’ Yo'k
dey say. Funny how dey folks way off
dar #0 tur’ble ign'nt ‘bout hosses. Gwine ober
dah, squiah?"

“Yes, going to show this gentleman the old
Anderson place, and tell hitn about the old devil
who used to live there.”

“Member him mighty well, Wust man, [speck,
dat eber draw d ‘e bref ob life, sah. Da's
blood on de ole flo’s yit, an’ dey do say dat ole
Jail ha'nted by dat col'd gal.”

We bede the old negro good-by a minute
or two later, passed through a great gate and
drove down an avenue or Jane to a large log
house in front of which and only ashort distance
away, st another low building

The old jail where Andereon confined his
Slaves at night,” said the old squire, indicating
the big bisiding

The cabin or house was bullt of logs, dreseed
and Jointed as «mooth and close as if the work
had been done witha plane, and the windows
abowe and below were few and far apart, and

  

 

 

 

each opening was crow4-barred with heavy iron
bars, to all appearances as strong and sound
as if they bad been put in but a short thine be

fore, The building looked dark and forbidding
even from a distance, but when we entered
through @ narrow opening, which at one time
had been filled with a Acublesntanled shoots
froned door, the gloom of the place was enough
to make one shiver Across each room, and
fratencd tothe heavy Joorby strongtron belts
Were a nuniber of iron rings, and on one aide o'
the wails were rings and bolts, still banging
rusty with age

“Here's where Anderson kept his slaves at
night" explained the Suire “Fach man or
woman was chained with a short chain to one
of these rings The chain was fastened about
their ankles, and tt was barely long enough to
allow them to lie down. The few comforte ex-
tended then depended entirely upon their favor
with theitioneter. If they had heen submissive
every way. had done more than anordinary share
of the work, an old blanket or a shuck mattress
waa thrown down for them, otherwise the hard
floor was all he bed they had. To those rings
which vou see in the wall four feet or more
above the floor the unfortunate who happened
to fall under the ban of old Jack's displeasure
were chained in an upright manner, so that
he would have to atand on his feet all night.
Of the brutal whippinws and lashings which
oceurred Lean only say that L know they were
of daily eecurrence. These old floora you see
here and there,” jointing to a number of dis-
colorations which even half a century's thme had
failed to obliterate, “still earry the stains of
blood

“Did none of the slaves try to get away? It's
not many miles to the Ohio River, and they
could have reached tt in a night.

“Several of them did wet out
Ways Canueht

  

   

but they were
and brought back, and {it such
Cases it world have been better for them if
they had died T never knew of but one who
did get away actually, and that was a negro
whe somehow got loose from hie chain and
climbed through that hole,” painting to a nar-
Tow space hetween the upper loge and the heavy
rafters “low he got out Ldo not know, buthe
did; whether he really vot safely away is donbt-
ful, fer it has otten been said that Anderson
and his overseer overtook him and beat him
to death: but, let us get out of this infernal
place. Italw ayes smells of murder to me.
“Before you,” said the old man after we left
the prison, “vou see the flelds in which the slaves
we worked. Along down there were wheat
and cornfields when Il was a young man, and as
1 rode by | have -een negro men chained in
strings, four or five feet apart, cut-
tn and reaping wheat. A big atrong
white man, whe waa noted for his brute
strength and his experience, was hired to set a

  

 

  

ace and keep it at ene end and in front of each
line ae * Behind him came the string |
o ee, chained by the ankles one to another,

Tying a sickle

They reaped to the
tnd in front with ting

their sickles, cutting

Flent

  

| ever. stalk of wrain ae they went until th

| reached the end of the field, when the line would
swing around, and the negroes would throw
their «ickles over their shoulders and bind on
the way back all they had reaped going the
other way and woe to them if way fulled 4g
keepup with their taskmaster, If one failed—an
the task was almost impossible he ‘was taken
out of the line and lashed until his) back war
seared with atripes. Jt waa terrible, sul! and
there waan't a decent man in this section but
| would have been glad to have heard of old
Jack's death at the handa of the pouw fellows
All this was bad enough, God knows, but It
waan't the worst. Old Anderson always made
{ta point to buy up any negro who spoke to hin
in any ways he deemed disrespectful, and then
(iod help the poor devil, Lia life w nade a
hell until he dled, or until, if he ved through
the season, he was sold further South, for the
old flend seldom kept the same lot of men two
seasons. He probably had several reasons for
that. (ne of them was that after his negroes
had gone through @ season's work~such work
they were generally broken down and worth
leas, often for life; another was that he knew
that after such treatment as they had got there
were doubtiess some among them who wou
have killed him at the first opportunity, an
have been wlad of the chance at that, no matter
what the after result may have been, Still an-
other was the fact that old Jack Was Always on
the lookout and bought cheap at forced sales,

“Talk about Iiberty, suh! That man neve
allowed a slave @ day's liberty while he own
him, He began his life while old Jack's ser-
vant in chains. and ended it in chains or as @
broken«iown animal under the hammer Many
a time | have heard rmutterings of threats
among the white folks, but they were never
carried out, You heard old Flim aay that the ald
Jall was haunted by the spirit of a @trl slave?

“Yes, but T supposed it was only the mutter+
Ing of a maundering and enfeeblad mind.’

“Oh, no: Flim referred to an occurrence
which I belleve waa really the cause of o
Jack leaving the country. He bought a likely
looking yellow girl one time down near Paris
and brought her to his plantation, The git
wae willing enough, but when the old fellow
demanded too much she sauced him, it is sald,
fie that as it may, he stripped her and cow-
hided her, and then chatned her up, Ong
night eld Jack and hia overseer were arous
by @ @reat fre. Hia stacks of wheat, his bins
of grain and his stables had all been set on
fire, and over 2,000 tiushela of wheat, all of his
corn and his barne and horses were all burned,
They suspected the yellow girl and accused
her of it, and she became desperate and con-
fessed and sald she would do it again if she
got an oppoertuntiy, Old Anderson swore he
would kill her, and it said of hirn that he actu-
ally hung her with his own hands, That was
the beginning of the end, for, although noth-
ing waa done with him for it-tt could not be
proven by white folks, and the evidence of ne
g@roes was then invalid in law-—he never pros.

ered from that moment, Droughts destroyed
us crops: his negroes sickened and died or
killed themselves; a sickness of some sort wot
among his stock and they died by the dozen;
and then rumors that the old Jail had become
haunted by the ghost of the yellow girl were
cireniated, and although [ haven't the least
hotion but that such talk was all nonsense,
old Jack was trightened half out of he senses,
At laat he could stand it no longer and sold out
for a mere song and moved away, much to the
pleasure of the entire community.”

“It ts strange that the present owner doean't
tear down the old prison and get rid forever
of ite unpleasant associations,”

“Oh, no; Walton, although a Northern man,
knows the failing of a great many. negroes,
and as long as the old fall stands he knows
that his fruit and poultry are safe, for you
couldn't induce a negro in the county to go
within a mile of the place on a dark night.”

 

FORESTRY IN CUBA,

John Gifford Thinks That Tree Planting
Would Be a Profitable ladastry There,

John Gifford has an article in the August
number of the Férester which is headed “sil-
vicultural Prospectus of the Island of Cuba.”
The article has also been brought out in pam-
phiet forma and is being widely distributed in
the hope that the author's theory that trees
should be transplanted from this country to
Cuba may find bellevers who will put their
ideas into execution. Mr. Gifford advances
many arguments to show that the transplant-
ing of trees would be a profitable venture for
any American who undertook i{t. He says
that in no way could the United States assist
in the development of Cuba better “than by
alding in the establishment tn an economio
botanical garden similar to the farnous Buitan-
zorg Gardens of Java and the Hope Garden
and plantations of Jamaica.” He continues:
“The forests of a large part of the island have
been exhausted, and the same would have
happened to the remainder had they been ao-
cessible. Even these latter are thin, having
been culled of their richest hardwoods, The
time ts certainly ripe for tree planting in Cuba.
I know of no place where a person could plant
forests with more assurance of profit than on
this island.”

Mr. Gilford maintains that the most impor-
tant factors to determine the financial profits
in forestry are location in reference to markets
and ability to produce quickly materials for
which there fs a demand. He points out that

Cuba has both of these factors. Her northern
coast is but seventy hours to New York. Her
svil is the most productive on earth, He points
out that walting 200 years for a spruce
tree to grow would not be a very paying busi-
ness for a planter and makes - contrast that
in Cuba eucalyptus trees reach the height of
100 feet in ten years, while often in one year,
and surely in two years, the trees are large
enough to furnish wood for charooal burning
and for drying poles in tobaceo sheds, He
deciaras that any wood ratsed there would find
a ready sale in the island. Wood ts needed all

ail of the time and in large quantities.
Mr. Gifford says that the greatest benefit
ever conferred by Great Britain in her colontal

work waa the introduction of seeds of many
trees from the East Indies into her West Indian
possessions, Many northern trees grow in
southern Italy, and consequently would flour-
ish in Cuba, where the soll is richer, Among
them are eee plars, logwood, cedars, conifers,
mahogany, chestnut, locust, walnut and willow,
He believes that a two years’ growth of willows
and poplars would make wood large enough
to be profitably used aa paper pulp lesars

“Owing to the lack of proper means of com-
munication in Cuba, there is a lack of wood
in certain districts, especially in the tobacco
and the sugar regions, It is not my intention
to do more than mention the possibilities io
the line of rubber, gums, dyes, medicines,
epiees and other forest producta, It ia my
{ntention simply to emphasize the demand
for fuel wood, charecal, tobacco poles and
fence materials and to express the opinion
that they may be planted with profit In Cuba,”

Mr. Gifford declares that although the amount
of materials that has been produced by Cuba
in the paet fs fmmense, her sotl has been but
barely seratched with imperfect ploughs and is
waiting rich for a planting.

“The soil of Cuba,” he says, “is fertile, her
climate is good, and her location ts excellent,
As an instance of the soil, 1 might mention
that cane once properly planted is good for
twenty years, In Louisiana it is planted every
two or three years,”

 
  

WHITE VEIL FOR MISS YORK,
Commiasioner's Daughter May Take
Final Vow asa Nun in Two Years,

Miss Grace York, the only daughter of Po-
ice Commissioner York of Brooklyn. who en-
tered St. doseph's Aoademy at Flushing last
March, received the religious habit and the
white veil at the convent yesterday. The
others who were received at the same time
were Misses Grace Smith, Margaret Croak,
Adele Ledley and Rosalina Hamuaill, all of
Brooklyn

Seven members of the order who have served
@ two-years’ probation as novices made their
final vows and received the crucifix and In-
siania of full communion of the St. Joseph Sis-
terhood. They were Sisters Mary Macrina,
Frances Regis, Mary Anacietus, Anna Germain,
Stephen Maria, Maria Visatitio and Mary
Modesta

Miss York is 21 years old. Now that she has
been invested with the veil she will have to
epend two years as @ novitiate before taking
her final vows

In connection with these o-remonies the feast
o! St, Louls was observed in an {mpresaive
manner. In the
the saint by the celebration of solemn
mass in the chapel of the convent.
MeDonnel presided _ Dean Donneliy of Fiush-
ing wascelebrant. Por the firat time an altar
rail, recentiy presented to the convent, was
seen by the public.

Pollce

high
Bishop

Congress of Socialist Stadentse Calied at Paris.

The different groups of Socialists in this city
have rece ved clreulars requesting them to send
delegates to an Titernational Congress of Bo-
cialist Students and Alumni, which is to be held
in Paris Sept. 20-22. Students from the uni-
Versities of Terenany Frarce, Tialy, Austrin-
Huowery, Belgium, Holland, Switzerland, the
United States, Denmark, Serviq and Rusela,
who believe in the propascade of the Interns.
tional Social ats, will attend theconvention, the
cireuMar Bays,

 

Massaciasetts Democrats to Meet on Oct. 2,

Boson, Aug. 25—-The Massachusetts Demo-
eratio State Committee ait to-day behind closed
doors and fixed the dateof the State Conwen-
tenfor Oct 2, to be heid in Faneutt Hall. Clute
are to be formed throughout the State.

The Chances Are Very Much More

Then favorable for Gilling your bet
hout: with desirable patrons. (f vou vlane Foe
Vertising in Tus Sun's columns,—Ado,

morning honor wos done to |

|

|
|

|

 

NEWS OF STAGE PEOPLE,
Two renavans neeran AND DAVID
BELASCO RETURNS.

 

Has Bought Many Plays and Will Write for
Mrs, Carter, Blanche Mates, Ada Behan,
Tree, Wyndham and Alexander — Will
Drimatize a Posthumous Novel by Crane,
David Belasco, accompanied by Charles FE,

Cook and Herbert $8. Millward, business and

stage managers of Mra. Leslie Carter's core

pany, returned yesterday on the New York
from London. When asked to tell his plans

Mr. Belasco said: “Of course, the most gratify-

ina achievement, from my own potnt of view,

was the unquestioned triumph of Mrs. Lealie

Carter, It ts not possible to exaggerate the

importance of the greatness of her sticcess.

The business at the Garrick Theatre, from the

beginning of April right to the end of July, far

exceeded the best of the season's English suo-
ceases, The first night audience presented,
for a time, somewhat of a problem. But Mrs,

Carter's great fourth act literally carried them

off their feet, From that night it was only a

question of how many people the theatre could

hold.
“At the Duke of York's my little one-act
tragedy, ‘Madame Butterfly,’ seemed to make

& profound impression, The papers were

good enough to call it the moet artiatio play
of recent seasons, At any rate, there was not,
#0 far ax I can recall, one word of adverse oriti-
ci4m. After Mra, Carter's season had been
fairly launched my next two months were de-
yoted entirely to the plays that are to demand
herattentioninthenear future, Jean Richepin
carne overfrom Paris and brought me the come
pleted manuscript of ‘La Du Barry,’ Thi
will probably be Mra, Carter's nest play, In
both {ts personal and theatrical characteristic
the pert of the Du Barry ls eminently suite
to Mrs. Carter, I am of the opinion at it will
offer the best opportunity she has ever had.
few weeks after M. fiichepin's return to Paria
visited him tn his osarming ome, and while
there met M. Chaineux, of the Comédie Fran-
oalse. Through M. Richepin's influenve with
the directors of that institution, M.Chaineux Is
to undertake for me the designs of svenes and
costumes for the new play. This is the first
time euth a courtegy has been granted to any
vianager outside of Franoe; and although ft

will make the expense of produ stion yousually
heavy, I belleve the artistl: reeult will justify
the Jost. M, Chalneux and M. Rivchepin are

now in Switzerland, where they, with Mrs
Carter, are giving the subse:t a thorough and
exhaustive study. My part of the work on
‘La Du Barry’ was begun soon after revsiving
the Frenoth manus Tipe and 1 gape ‘t to have
the Fnglish adaptation Anishod thls winter.

“A soond, intended for Mra. Carter, is ‘The
Red Mouse,” which T am writing with Henry
J. W. Dam. The play gets ita title from the
name by which the heroine comes to be known.
The etory ia one dealing with the life of a poor,
ignorant girl, whose woman's love leads to the
terrible sacrifice. Still another original Carter
play, of which I expect great things, Is that
whie am now doing in collaboration with
qobn Luther Long, from whose magazine story

made the adaptation of "Madame muttersy
You have perhaps heard through the cables
of my having secured for Mra. Carter ‘When
We Dead Awaken.’ 1 hope to present [been
fe a novelty during the coming season. It
may seem odd to refer thus to the great Nor-
wegian, yet the iden of newness
is prenjeciy the one | meanto convey. I am
f great admirer of Ibsen, proposing to give
iis work the most careful thought and atudy;
and with Mrs. Carter to interpret that wonder.
ful heroine [ see no reason why his work should
1ot be thoroughly understood and appreciated.
Vhen tn Borlin I contracted for coples of the
original scenio models and coatume plates.
If nothing preventa Mrs. Carter will give
performance of the character in New Yor
some time during the spring. My own play? It
is callei ‘Carmela,’ and ts, [ think, the strongest
drama I have done, J had been intending to
make this Mrs. Carter’s next effort, but have
decided to reserve it for the opening of my new

theatre. I have also writ a comedy for Mra.
Carter, which ahould offer her some relief from
the heavy miles. This [ had peen hoping to

aid to her répertoire the coming season, but
there is really so much work ahead in adapting
her other playa that I am afraid the comedy
must walt,

“Aside from this long list of material for
Mrs, Carter Lhave made several other valuable
contracts, Egerton Castle has entered with
mé on an extensive copartyership haye
seoured the dramatic rights of his latest book,
‘The Bath Comedy.’ Our agreement includes
the English righta to ‘Tha Pride of Jennioco,’
and the dramatic rights of the book intended
to follow the one he is now writing. Stephen
Crane left . josthumous story called ‘The
oO waner. had the good fortune to see the
proof sheets just before sailing and was so
mpresaed by the extraordinary dramatio
value of the work that I at once made a cons
tract with hia widow be Shieh I can control
the dramatio rights of ‘The O'Ruddy’ and ‘The
Red Fadgo of Courage.’ Among other plays
I have secured is & melodrama, ‘Thou Shalt
Not Kill,” by Scudamore ae act fs thrill-
ing in {ta novelty, pnd although there are many
mechanical situations Na great scene |s 80
thoroughly human that {t could not fai] to
carry the play by the veer force of its passion-
ate heart-interest, Another melodrama f{
my list tg entitled ‘Hearts That Beat as Trumps,
which I have arranged to be first done in Paris
at the Ambigu Theatre. For Blanche Batos f
have secured, armong other things, the pay stical
comedy ‘Nicandra,’ which I think will be found
a thorough novelty, Miss Bates will probably
open in ‘Nicandra’ in October, and during
her season in New York will be seen again
io ‘Madame Butterfly.’

“With Klaw & Erlanger Lhave contracted for
anew play or Ada Rehau to be done next season,
Charles yndham has accepted one of my
plays for production at his London theatre,

eorge Alexander lins commissioned a play
to be written under my suggestion. Herbert
Beerbohm Tree has Spoepts a scenario, the
{dea of which Y have had in mind for along
time. 1 endeavored to copyright, under
English law, my recently finished play, ‘The
Queen's Drawing Room.’ A courteous note
from the Censor informed me that owtng to
the personal character of the title, and be
cause of the soene showing the presentation
at Court, he would be obliged to refuse the
copyright. 1 shall therefore alter the name
of the pleoe and rewrite the one act.

“Mrs, Burton N. Harrison has collaborated
with me on a piece antitled ‘The Unweloome
Mrs. Hatch,’ which I hope to produce this
season, Tee Arthur, author of ‘We-euns of
Tennesseee,’ has written a strong drama of
Southern domestic life, which I have accepted.
I have taked the latest play by Paul Kester,
author of ‘Mistress Nell Gwynn.’ ‘The Hear
of Maryland’ has been put into the hands o:
Fugene Morand, author of ‘Ivey).’ He haa
arranged with me to translate the play, adapt-
ing it to the Franco-Prussian war. ‘Poil de
Carrotte’ Ia the title of a really wonderful play
which I saw at the Theatre Antoine, Parts.
T lost no time In securing {t. I shall adapt {t
to some far-away Ne ‘oeland town, under
the title of ‘Little Redhead‘ ”

Mr. Belasco said that he should begin at
once rehearsals of his farce, “Naughy Anthony,”
inwhich Charles FE. Fvans isto figusre a star,
The play it to be done on the road this season
in conjunction with “Madame Butterfly.”

“T have alao a contract with David Warfield,”
continued Mr. Belasco, “by which Tam to put
him out as star as soonas he shall have ended
his present arrangement with other managers,
The drama I have written for him ts entitled
‘The Only Levy.’ The season of Evans and
‘Noughty Anthony’ will begin Sept, 17 Then
will come Mrs. Carter's return, har New York
engagement opening Oct. 1, at the Criterion,
Her five weeks here will be followed by a tour
of the country. after which I ex pect to brin,
her back to New York for the Tbaen play.
expect, during the coming season, to make sev-
eral important productions with Mr. Frohman.”

  

The Grand Opera House was reopened for
the season Inst night under new man-
sg@ement, but to be run on the same
plan as before, John H. Springer will have
weekly changes of plays and players bringing
back pieces that have been successful in other
theatres, Last night's revival was one of these,
‘The Belle of New York.” Little damage was
done to it last night by the company putting i
on, All of the principale except one coded
the originals closely and with good results. The
man who tried to “create” Dan Daly's part
fajled to be funny. Some interest centred in
Edna May's successor, Beulah Dodge, a débu-
tante from Syracuse, Miss May's native ton n,
Miss Dodge was pretty in face, adequate in
acting and pleasing in voloe, The Salvation
Army lassie is a réle in which it would be hard
to fall, theatrically known as a “fat part,” which
poreaee accounts for the fact that of the four or
ive novices that have tried it none haa failed

The Dewey Theatre was reopened last night
amid some applause and much perspiration
Something to freshen the place had been done
during the summer with paint and new car-
pets. The entertainment was of the sort pop-
ular there, two burlesques with some yaude-
ville between, The sketches were called “The
Quoen of the Boulevard” and “Victoria's Te.
ception,” and were new in Jokes and songs

An eanpe tally fine display of flreworks was
made tn Patn's open-alr amphitheatre at Man-
hattan Beach last night. it was Palin's annual
Carnival of Fire.” and the sights were beaut{-
ful and wonderful.

Charles Frohman sald yesterday that “The
La‘ker’s Carnival” waa the name de dded
upon for the play that Henry Arthur Jones has
written for hls New York and London sto :k
companies. It will be produved by the latter
organization firet, on Sept. 2, in the Duke of
York's Theatre. Mr. Frohman has Just re
velved the manus :ript of a play for the Em-
pire which he contrasted for with Mr. Jones
(harles Wyndham will be its London pro-
ar,

Dave Lewis | b
in "A Million Dollars® Intended tor Bene Bart

nard.
Viola Gillette will °
conkettad Met aw Bad Alle Nielsen's first

THE SUN, SUNDAY

   

  

, AUG

——

THE LADY OF THE WHITE VEIL.

A New Jersey Lesson on the Importance ef
Punctuality Without Previousness,
Montclair, Glen Kidge and Bloomfield, to
all outward appearances, constitute one con-
tinuous New Jersey community, Commuters
form #0 large @ proportion of the population
that the Delaware, Lakawanna and Western
Rallroad devotes a city ward train in the morm-
ing and @ return train in the afternoon to their
exclusive accommodation, The morning @x-
press, according to the time table,leaves Mont-
clair at 803, Glen Ridge at 6:05 and Bloom-
field at 606, proceeding thence, without fur-
ther stop, to Hoboken, There are, however,
two drawbridges to cross,and it has become
customary, when one of these ia open, for
approaching trains to wait alittle, The bridge
over the Pawsaic being but a train-length east
of Broad street, it sometimes happens that
@ train not scheduled to stop there is halted
at or near the Broad street station, much to
the delight of the Newark commuters, who
promptly take advantage of the opportunity
to jump the train and so arrive at Hoboken
two or three minutes earlier than usual,
Montolair enjoya a substantial advantage
in being at the end of the line, for Its com-
muters, homeward bound, can slumber peace-
fully, free from the harrowing fear of being
carried beyond their station; and, outward
bound, can possess themselves of the seats
next the windows and on the shady aside of the
train, and those living nearer New York have
oO cottent themselves with what rémaina,
n accordance with this invariable custony
the Precisely Punctual Commuter turned Into
the station square at 8:02.47 and stepped lela~
urely aboard as the conductor waved his hand
tot engineer, After walking through two
cars he found an empty seat on the shaded
side and paving raised the window, pat down
and unfolded his paper. He found this of
such interest that the stop at Glen Ridge and
the influx of passengers there made no im-
Pression on his consciousness; and when a
rainman, with an extra violent bang of the
door, yelled, “Bloomfield! Hoboken the next
stop!" he looked up with a litue start
s he turned his eyes to the «till wet but

Aunny street, there met his gaze, at a little
distance, a trim, dark-gowned figure, sur-
mounted by a cloud of white velling. The
ady was tall and slender and the velocity of
her approach betokened youth. One white-
gloved hand gripped a «mall parcel and the
other held her skirts clear of the moist earth,
She let go the skirts and reduced her pace to
a quck walk while she waved the dixenvaged
hand excitedly at the train, and then, recover-
ing her hold of her cumbersome garments,
rushed on again at top speed, and with all the
wrace possible under the circumstances, As
she neared the train a large covered express
wawon hid her from view and it seemed w the
Precisely Punctual Commuter that the train
started before the lady could have had time
to beard it. Supposing her violent effort to
have been vain, and being, ln common with
all commuters, of a deeply sympathetic tem-
perament, he heaved a gentle sigh and re-
turned to the consideration of his newspaper,
He had scarcely had time to find his place
when, lo! the white-veiled lady sat beside him

She deposited her parcel and purse in her
lap, readjusted her hat and veil and settled
herself back In the seat with the air of one
much gratified at the satisfactory outcome
of a doubtful undertaking, She had not long
to rest, however, for the approaching click,
click, of the ticket punch soon set her again
in motion, and, after hunting through her
vsurse, she extracted @ Ucket, which she ten-
ered to the oondugtor,

a stop at Newark, ma'am,” he said
sadly.

The lady's spinal column straightened like
a freed spring rod. “Don't stop at Newark!”

 

she gasped.
“No, ma’am, Express,”
“Express! | Why, 1 thought this train stopped

every where!”

“No, ma’am, Next train—8:14,
express—-806, No stop between
and Hoboken,”

“My goodness!” she exclaimed.
let_me off?"

This is the
Bloomfield

“But you'll
orry, ma’am, but can’t stop the train this
toboken,

olga of
he lady teetered up and down on the seat,
her white-gloved hand flopping before her
and the white vell fluttering with the agita-
tion of Geapalr, “My land! My land!" she
walled. “What shall I do!”

“Nothing to do, ma‘am,” replied the con-
ductor, soothingly, “but return by the next

train, You'll only lose a little time,”
The lady sank back in the seat, “Well
there!” she moaned, “I'll never hurry again|*

For a4 time she sat as one utterly crushed,

er head forward and her hands crossed in

er lap. Roseville sped into the past, and
the city blocks were following in rapid sericea,
when suddenly there was a hissing, whistling
sound, The brakes! The lady started up
and, leaning forward, gazed intently out of
the window, marking the lessening speed
There was a series of crashes as each car
bumped against its leader, and the train caine
to a halt on the west side of Broad atreet.

Seizing her purse and parcel, the lady sat
erect on the edge of the seat and, aa she tried
to watch both ends of the car at once, the white
veil was spread and flattened by the oentrif-
ugal force engendered by rapid rotation
till she seemed crowned with a wide white
halo, The rotary motion was i{nstantly im-
varted to other heads and became so general
hat, had not relief come promptly, there must
inevitably have been several cases of cervical
dislocation,

Though it seamed longer, it was really but
a few seconds ere the mindful conductor ap-~

eared at the rear door, The lady instantly
Pounded into the aisle and, as he approachec
lifted up her voice as one pleading for life:

“Can't 1 get off?”

“l'll try it,” he replied, with a suggestion
of doubt in his tone.

She followed closely as he stepped out, hov-
ered a moment on the brink of the platform
to gather her skirts, and then, with the con-
ductor’s uplifted hand under her elbow, de-
scended and vanished

Gently stroking the backs of thelr necks,
the sympathetic commuters sank wearily
back in their seats and heaved forth a mighty,
composite sigh, blowing the car door to with
a resounding slam, The whistle tooted, the
engine puffed, the wheels turned and the tratn
rolled over the bridge

The Precisely Pynctual Commuter, aa he
looked out upon the lumber-laden schooner
which had brought luck to the lady of the white
vell, mentally drew another line of emphasis
under his motto; “Punctuality without pre-
viousness,”

ILLUMINATED POST CARDS,

Some Quaint,Old-Fashioned Letterheads They
Have Drawn te Light.

The extended sale of illuminated post cards,
which are now made in 80 great variety, oon-
taining illustrations of notable local buildings
and streets, and parks, and mouuments, and so
on, has led to the offering for sale now of some
quaint old letterheads evidently made in their
day to serve the same purpose that the illu.
minated post cards do now.

The history of the modern illuminated post
card {8 familiar. They were first made and
sold in Germany. They contained local i)lustra-
tions In great variety, and a stamp being at-
tached, could be used in the correspondence of
one friend with another, or by foreigners {in

the country in writing home, Soon the cus.
tom open all over Germany and it has ex-
tended to ltaly and France and elsewhere in
Burope #0 that now it would be possible for the
traveller to send home from those countrie
notes on cards that would afford al-oa pictoria
record of hia Journeyjngs,

In due course the illuminated post cards ap-
feared as a local production here: and now
hough they are hot so widely or 40 commonly
inade and used here as in kurope there are
many made and sold in this country, Of cards
prioted with a fork city views there are
scores, hundreds of varieties, many of them
artistically produced, Foreign travellers
buy such cards to send from here home: local
residents write on them and mail them to
friends elsewhere in the country; collectors
wather them. Illiminated letterheads show-
ibe present day scenes have also been put on
the market, but they have not been reoeived
w th the favor that has met the illuminated post
card,

Che quaint old letterheads of local scenes

that have now been put out to sell show views |

as the things pictured were in 1853, nearly
fifty years age, long before the days of postal
cards at all, when the stationers in one city
and another might have for sale letterheacds
containing an jllustration of some prominent
lowa) feature, istorical or otherwise, These
old New York letterheads are printed some
in colors and some in black ink on letterheada
not of note sige, but of the old fashioned letter
tize, the cut occupying the upper third or half
of the first page of the sheet. They are sup
hosed to be a remnant of the stock of some
0 bookseller, whieh had remained un
in their day, and had come to be out of
date, but had been then stored away because
thelr owner didn't want to sell them as waste
paper. They haye come now to have years
enough t give them an old-time flavor, and
(he interest in the modern post card has made
this seem a fitting time to put out the old letter.
heads for ania

One of these old letterheads contains pic-
tures of the first thirteen Presidents of the
United States, arranged in an oval form, but
the pietures are for the most part views at this
city, There is_a picture, a bird eye view of
the city of New York, a picture of Bowlln Cireen
and one of the Merchants’ Exo

 
 
 

Hous and there is one of the coklyn City
all. These old letterheads are bought as

curiosities, or because of the interest attaching
to them as showing t difference between
the city then and now, or it may pur-

charers of maturer years, who
Fecal] the scenes delineated 1a the ald pictures

UST 26, 1900.

Rare a

 
 

ANGLING FOR BLACK BASS.

A SPORT KNOWN TO COMPARATIVELY
FEW FISHERMEN.

Pleasures of Taking the Small-Mouthed Va-
riety With Artifictal Fites—Their Game
Qualities The Sport Compared With Troat
Fishing—Oatfts Required—Bass Streams.
Comparatively few anglors fish for black bass

with the artificial fly. The practice is one of
recent date, and the facilities for indulging in
the sport, particularly In running water, are
infrequent and often distant from the large
cities; yet the charm of casting the feathers for
the bass, one of the chotoest and @amest of
fiahes, when once experienced,grows upon the
angler almont to the exclusion of any desire to
fish by any other method or for any other fish.
Old rod fishermen eay that as a daily angling
diet fly fishing for black baas never creates 4
surfeit nor leaves a vold to be filled, The
reason of this is apparent to any one who has
waded along and cast the files over a moun-
tain trout stream, as the black bass in rivers
and brooks have many habits identical with
thoes of the brook trout eaat of the Alleahanies,
They live upon the same animal and insect
food, and may be found feeding like trout in
the shallows and at the foot of riffs, retiring to
the deep pools for repose and digestion, At
such times, however, they are, in one respect,
unlike the trout; they will not take a line, elther
patural or artificial, although they have been
seen, under like conditions, to kill young fish of
alien species,seemingly from the love of destroy-
ing life, tearing bite of flesh from the backs of
sunflh and then sculling away with what
seemed like a pleasurable flirt of thetail, Hence
the name of tiger of the waters applied to them
in some of the Western States,

Trout will gorge themselves to the lips, tak-
ing the artificial fly with the tail of a minnow
sticking from the mouth. Black bass will purr
over and play with the minnow bait, and some-
times suck it in tail first and then spit it out
with force, sending it spinning three or four
feet from them. It is practices like these that
perplex the bait fishermen when flashing for
black bass in the large and relatively quiet
pools that occur in such rivera as the upper
Delaware and Susquehanna, where it has been
found that the most effective way of hooking
therm ia by paying out from 50 to 100 feet of line,
when the draw or gentle pluck of the fish has
been seen or felt. This method is used owing
to the erratic manner in which the black bass
takes a live minnow, a long free line and great
patience being necessary to meet his various
moods and place the hook in the flesh of the
mouth or gullet. On the other hand these fish
when in running water, particularly at the tail
of a rapid, usually take the live minnow head
first with arush,

Black basa often disport themselves as the
day closes like the trout by turning somer-
saults in the alr and on favorable nights when
the twilight lingers or the moon comes early,
they may be seen sporting and lashing (he pools
aa late as midnight; in fact, anglers have had
them Jump between thelr legs when wading
and fishing for them at night in midstream,
Because of these habits of the black bass, the
trout fisherman with bait or fly, finds a dupli-
cation of his pleasing oxperiences when angling
for bass tn fluvial waters, and as itis said that
a good trout-rod handler will quickly cateh
the art of successfully luring and handling a
salmon, 80 also it may be stated that he wil
soon become an expert at black bass fishing
with the additional charm of the same pictur-
esque surroundings of hill and rock, of dancing
waters and pellucid pools that awalt him on
the trout stream.

When fly fishing for black bass, the writer
has never found this fish, aa one often does the
trout, in the heart of the riffs or rapids, but
always on the edge of them, or in the circling
eddies formed by the backset of the current
on elther side of the rapid. True, at times,
the bronrepackers, as the black bass are often

called, will rush into the foaming rapids in
uursult of minnows and occasionally a large
Shes will be seen to Jump into the air and across
the boll of the riff and take the fly from the
eddy on the opposite side of the rapids, which
action would Indicate thelr repugnance to
very rapid water even when foraging

 

enterin
or food.

It has been observed that the black bass in
rivers are constantly seeking the upper waters
thetr range being restricted only when the cold
apring water te reached, and by the absence of
deep poola in which they can find rest and com-
parative protection from danger. This diein-
clination of rivwer-bred black basa to enter cold
spring brooks where trout live, has saved the
latter fish from extermination in many waters.
The upper range of black basa ia, no doubt. in-
duced by the dearth of their natural food tn
the lower waters caused by the overpopulation
of the latter by thelr rapacious congeners. In
their upper migrations thay walt, like the
trout and salmon, until a freshet occurs before
they start upstream and they have been known
to loiter for weeks In shallow pools rather than
breast the shoaler waters of the riffa: on the
other hand they have been seen in shoals or
achools of a dozen or more swimming toward
the upper waters with the back fins stlektn
out ofthe surface of the dark, anitron-colored
watera when the stream was swollen to hieh
water mark, At such times all lures were tn-
effective and very often the most unpropitious
time to visit a favorite and fruitful pool is tm.
mediately after afreshet. It has been deserted
by ite old inhabitants and the incoming migra-
tion has not reached it. A rain of even two
hours’ duration will sometimes affeet the feod-
ing habits of the black bass, either from their
being eurfeited by the downpour of surface
food washed out from the banks or by the fish's
leaving the lower for the upner poole. Cer-
tainly a heavy freshet will render barren ay
that has hitherto been fruitful and just here
are found an additional similarity between the
habits of the black ba@sand the trout

Trout, particularly after Aug. 1, are found
only in diminished numbers in the lower pools
and reaches of the brooks; the greater number
have left for the upper waters but net from
the same causes as induce the migrations of
the black bass. The trout iinpelled by in-
#tinet seek for hil my aerated waters in which
to reproduce their kind; the black bass are
hunting for better foraging grounds,

The black bass, Ifke the trout, will live and
thrive in cold spring waters that are landlocked
if born and bred there, but will not, as before
stated, enter a trout stream from choice, and
if the ponds or lakes are comparatively shal-
low, as most trout streams are, the black baxs
will not increase in weight or numbers: at least
such has been the result of the writer's ob-
servations and experience,

Another similarity, between the black bass
and the trout is in their autumn migrations,
The trout, after epawning, fall back to the lower
and deeper waters to recuperate from the
fe bleness caused by reproducing their kind,
The black bass, after the exclusion of the spawn
do not seam to be enfeebled, but rather gift:
with new life and combative vigor to defend
their young, but about the same period in
which the trout seek the lower waters they
alao begin their return migration which they
extend in some rivers, notably the Susque-
hanna, down as far.as the brackish waters

Similar in many respects as the trout and
black bass are in their stream habits, the re-
seinblance ceases when they are fastened to
the hook and their intelligence in the use of
devices to free themselves shows greatly to
the advantage of the bass. The trout are by
far the less intelligent or ingenious in the art
of escape, they seem to rely solely upon their
strength of muscle and obdurate resistance,
showing no trait of the resources of the black
bass to free themselves from captivity. The
black bass are gifted in this respect. They
leap repeatedly into the air and frantically
try to eject the hook from their mouths by
violently shaking their body, not the head
only, #&® many Anglers assert’ they cannot shake
the one without the other, They rush around
deep-lying or outcropping rocks if their efforts
to cut the line and go down to the bottom and
“Jigga, Jige and jige,” much like a dog tugging
at a rope when held by the hand. None of
these devices is resorted to by ue trout, The
trout never leaps into the air or comes to the
top of the water when the hook ia fast, unless
compelled to do so by astrong pull on the line
by an over-eager angler. The black bass
leaps into the alron a slack line,

With these attractive traits it i¢ not strange
that the black bass is considered pound for
pound, ineh for inch, the superior, on the rod
of all fresh-water fishes, and when taken in
running water on laht tackle and artificial
files, his qualities of resistance appear to gather
strength and certainly add to his chances of
eacape Anglers who fish with ligt gear
which their quarry can break, if a direct strain
upon it i obtained by the fish. feel that they
are giving to their sealed prev the same op-
portunities for escape as the tleld. sportaman
gives to a quail or pheasant which he disdains
fo shoot on the eround and only on the wing

The outfit for fy fishing for black base ts
very similar to that used in trout fishing: the
files are alike in name and olor, but the feathers
are dressed on larger hooks and the hackles
tied well down to the bend of the hook in palmer
or buzz fashion, Many anglers use files that
are too large for fishing in running water:
those dressed on Nos. 4 to 6 sproat hooks and
generally called large trout Hien will anewer
well and under all circumstances avoid the
use of big lake flies #0 term which would
indeBa, be apt to kill a base if one of them
chan,ed to hit it on the head either in, on of
out w’ the water. ua

In these latter days, since angling tourna-

'
oo

 

ia

Re et Sere

 

 

———

‘
'
civil
lower East Side in both of his campalgns and he

      

vo been held, rods are built with more

a pare but without inereased weight,
and @ aix-ounce eplit bamboo fly red, nine wat
long, will kill with ease and in ten toinutes or
or Tons any black bass that ls apt to fise to an
artificial fly in fluvial, waters: they amnaory

: ore than 2% of. 3 pounds. A leader ©
be ; wut, a( to nine feo in leneth, that will
ift a dead weight of about three pounda, is

enerally used, and upon it are tied or looped

wo files: one at the end, usually culled the
ond fly or leader fly, and the other the droppe,
or hand fly, is placed about thirty inches abov
the first. Thus equipped, with the addition
of @ creel or fish basket slung over the shoulder
and a landing net, the angler enters the stream,

In moat of the upper waters of the Eastern
rivers, the courses of them alternate in rapids
or riffs and large, comparatively deep pools
(ten to twelve feot) locally call eddies, At
the head of these poola when the ewift water
subsides into the deeper reaches and al) along
he stretches oe the river when the curren
Is somewhat sluggish and the depth fron
three to four feet, the es hp will fine

10 black baas pardcularly when the sun has
dipped behind the western hills and Jong drawn
shadows are cast upon the water. The density
of these shadownh {a peculiar to some parts
of this State where bass waters abound. The
hills or half-fledged mountains are almost
precipitous to the water's edge and their thickly
wooded sides covered with deep areen foliage,
intensify the darkness thrown over the streams,
which {n many places are not more than one
hundred feet in breadth. With an environ-
ment guch aa this the black bass angler who
uses the fly, will find the largest an arent
flah, and iP be extends his outing until night
closes tn, bis oree! will doubtless be filled to
repletion, as the base rise to the feathers at
all hours of the night, be {t moonlit or other-
wise, At such times they seem to prefer a
dark colored fly to a light one; experience
has proved this many times with the writer
and the singularity can. only be explained
upon the theory that the fish mistake the dark
fly, as it is trailed through the water, for
cricket upon which they are in the habit o
feeding greedily when they can get them It
also seams to prove that the sense of sight
in the black bass is more than ordinarily keen,

The method of casting the artificial fly for
black bass is the same as that used In trout

shing, although the distance cast is usually
arger because of the more open waters in
which bass are found and where the form of
the angler can be more distinctly seen by the
fish, which is more skittish and easter alarmed
than the trout at any unusual condition exist-
ing in the stream or on the edges of the bank
Many anglers ‘allow the flies when cast to sink
two or three inches below the surface, saying
that this method ia more likely to attract the
fish, as thay are not, to the same extent as the
trout, surface feeders: others again contend
that on a moderately long cast the end fly sinks
naturally one or two inches and that the only
attraction for the bass, or any other fish, fs
the life-like action given to the artificial fiy by
the manipulation of the rod, by which the
insect fs made to appear to be strugaling to
escape from the water

Near the city of New York there are several
fluvial waters where fly-flehing for black bass
can be followed with a moderate degree of stuc-
coas. Theupper reaches of the Passato, Raritan
and Ramapo rivers will yield their quota of
fair-sized base, and the writer has found the
outlet of Greenwood Lake, within twenty feet
of the sluice gate,to furnish five or six unusually
game fish in av hour's casting when the flies
were thrown above an old weir and below the
wall built across the foot of the lake | There is
also quite a good pool for three or four bass
caly, below the weir, but beyond that the outlet
fa foo shallow to afford shelter for the bass
There is a method of fiv-fiehing the lower end
of Greenwood Lake which is unusual and seldom
followed, but It affords during the latter part of
June fair chances for a good score, ‘The angler
entera the lake at the lower or southern end
of the railroad bridge, which begins at Cooper
Station. He wades out breast high and casta
parallel with the shore line, and continues to
do 80 until the first projecting point of land
is reached, when he turns to the left and follows
the shore About halt a mile toward the end of the
lake. A dosen or more of good bass, all ama'!-
mouthed, have been taken In this manner with
artificial flies.

At the dunetion of the east branch of the
Delaware River and the Beaverkill (150 miles
from New York city),and along the firat-named
water to Hancock, a djatance of ahout twelve
miles, will be found the beat black bass fly-
fishing in the State of New York. In this re-
gion there are scores of pools and long reaches
where the black bass swarm and rise froely
to the fly, particularly {n the early days of the
legal season, which begine in thie Ntate on June
16. The Oswego River, a few miles above the
elty of the same name, piso furnishes fair fiy-
fishing, an! the Schuylkill and Delaware Rivers,
about thirty miles above Philadelphia were
a few years ago, excellent waters. The above
named regions are vouched for by the writer,
as they have heen fished by him, but doubtless
there are many others equally good in the State
of New York that have not come under his
experience

he black bass that rises so freely to the fy
fs the species known as the small-mouthed:
the large-mouthet do not take the surface fly
with equal avidity, and, when hooked, do not
show the same vigor of fight as the small-
mouthed, being more sluggish and surrend-
ering more quickly. The emaller jawed va-
riety of bass of running waters, with red spota
sometimes on the sides of the eves, may he
recognized on sight, by his greater game quali-
ties and by the position of the eyes, which are
always located behind the angle of the mouth:
those of the other species have the eves in ade
vance of the posterior Junction of the Jaws

 

“HORSES IN THEIR SHIRT SLEEVES,"

 

 

The Queer Notice That Was Posted for Stable
Boys by Coney Island Clab Offictals.

For many years it has been a familiar sight at
all racetracks for exercise boys, as they are
called, and sometimes even for jockeys, to gal-
lop horses by permission between the races run
on the rewular programme, the boys and Jock-
eys often riding in their shirt sleeves, No one in
partigular appeared to care whether the boys
vordla their shirt sleeves or wore heavy ul-
aters, In fact, these gallops between races have
never appeared interesting to anybody unless
the horse was entered in one of the races and
was taking a “breezer,” or was some noted
fiver out for afast publictrial. But all this has
been changed since the “‘shirt-waist’” epldemie
came. While the Coney Island Jockey Club
officials have not put theruselves on record as
against the new “shirt-waist’ eraze, so far as
vatrons are concerned, itis quite plain, Judg-
ng from the following notice which has been
posted in a conspicuous place in the paddock,
that they intend to show their clsapproval of it,
80 far asit concerna exercise boys and fockeys
exercising horses in view of the spectators who
attend the races;

A FINE OF FIVE DOLLARS 3
WILL bE IMPOSED ON BOYS ;
WHO KXERCISE HORSES IN THEIR SHIRT:

SLEEVES ;

ON RACING DAYS AFTER 12 O'CLOCK,
The boys affected by the notics did not like
this embargo on thelr freedom of motion and
also their comfort, butas they had no alterna-
tive they were immediately seen doing their
work in light jegeom and some in fanoy colored
sweaters. All this went well enough until Pu-
turity day, when alittle colored chap, who was
one of those affected by the new order of things,
Was seen standing in front of the notice reading
it. His lips were repeating something over and
over and he appeared in deep and serious
theught Suddenly a broad erin spread itacif
over his face, which soon gave way toa fil of
lavehter loud and botsterous enough to attract
the attention of bystanders and several young-
ster. like bhmeself. They all wanted to know
what was up and when the little oolored fellow
had quieted down he said

“Say, dunt you rend Gat Signandif vou don't
see something to laugh at why my name ain’
Winfleld Sco't Hancock Spooner.” a?

‘The others took along look at the notice, the
colored boy grinning all the while. They ad-
mitted that they failed to see the cause of his
mirth whereupon, with a very important air and
a flourteh of ils handin the direction of the no-
tice, hewnid:

“Why you must bea mighty queerish lot of
folks what can't see dat. Read dat third line
and I guessa it's safe betting you'll laugh too.”

All eyes turned to the third line aud a yell
wentup fron, the crowd as they read

“Who exercise horses in the.r shirtsleeves."”’

The wording of the third line was soonknown
to abouteverybody who visited the paddock
None of the clerks in the office where such
things are written could be found who would
take the responsibility for writing it, but (fever
heisiound out it ia quite certain that he will
have to stand a lot of chaffing from the patrons
of the track

 

Repablican Clab’s Bowery Headquarters.

The Republican Club of 450 Fifth avenue
of which Senator Depew is the President,
haa opened headquarters at is2 Bowery,
where it has rented the entire building,
and from which it will carry on a vigorous
campiign from now until eleetion day \
sranspate cy hus been put upon the outside of
the building Che headquartera are in
charge of
candidate for State
TD. Sullivan ine 189s,

justice Mr

bie

Alfred fb Oniniet who

Senator

Wits a
aga iet Timothy
and im 18% ran for
Ommen has canvassed the

knows the district thoroughly There
meetines every noon and every evening

RIPANS

Wanted~a case of bad health that R-I P AN-S will
not benefit. One gives relief. No matter what's the
Matter, one will do you good. A cure may result if
directions are followed. They banish pain, induce
sleep, prolong Ufe. Sold at all drug stores, wen for
five cents ¢ xure to et the genuine. Don't be
roune oy cutemones Tun samples and a thousand
mot ¥ to any address for 5
forwarded to the Ripans Chem. Co. onY

wilt be

 

10 Spruce. N. ¥.

  

> FF

 

 
 

Immediate
Delivery.

   
  

 

High grade Gasoline Stanhope Phae
tons, built under the Duryea patents,
with improvements which make these
carriages thoroughly practicable and reli-
able—not an untried experiment, but
thoroughly tested and

The Most Perfect Gasoline
Carriage in Use.

 
           
   
      

These carriages are elepantin design and fn.
fah, tritomed In best of leather, with heavy
yhacton top, fenders, Bas lamps bell, eta
quipped with 6b p 2-eylinder balance m tor

    
 

three forward speeds and reverse, powerful
brake, and foot lever for starting from seat
Extreme ease and simolietty to operation: also
lute safety, practically notselese, entirely free
frow vibration aud odor, aud perfect Lo mechan-
leal construction

Descriptive Literature om request
on exhibition.

PERCY L. KLOCK,
2640 Broadway (cor. 100th St.), New York City,
and 216 Pacific St., Stamford, Conn.

       
   
   
   
 

Carrlages

 
   
     
   
 

LUD PEYTON, CONFEDERATE SENATOR,

A Missourt Gentos Who Was in Demand Dar-
ing Softscap and Putting-Up-Frult Season,
old held down adiacent
One of them said he had read that
Holt, Democratic candidate for Gov-
ernor in West Virginia, was making a com-
paign among the natives of bis State by help.

Two politiclans
chairs,

Judge

ing the women construct apple dumplings

“In that respect,” replied the other, “Judes
Holt is what I would call @ plagiarist. id
you ever hear of Lud Peyton? He was Con
federate Senator from Missourl during the

not all the thme--for he dled befor,
the conflict ended, He was the colleague of
George Vest, now in the United States Senate
from Missouri. And Vest has fre quently
said that Lud reyton'’s genius was the sane
brand as Lincoln's. He was ugly, for a faot
But he was a whirlwind on the stump. Too
bad reporting was not what it is now when
Peyton lived.

“He Lived In my birth town, Harrisonville

Mo. He boarded. I reckon I should sav he
lived, atmy father's house. I don’t remember

it, butl have family authority for the state
ment that he has trotted me on his knees

“My town then was many miles froin every
place. it used to take the wind several days
to reach it. It took the mails ten davs or two
weeks to get there. Of course, in a town so
remote there were weeks and weeks when even
the sun stood still. Lud Peyton was the great
lawyer of the town. Court was held about
twice a year and people from the country would

begin coming to town several daya before
court began in order to get good places to stay
during court, Just to hear Lud Peyton speak
“But in the summer days when the ¢russ-
hoppers and other insects were more numerous
in the town than people, there wasn’t much

Civil War

oing on, That wag before the days of canned
ruit. Every woman put up fruit for her house
hold, They made everything they could
They would have what women in this age would
eall ‘bees.’ They helped oneanother in presery-
ing fruit and in making aestpoap. Have
ever seen any softaoap made in the back 5

 

ard
ina ble iron kettle with fire under it? Sa:
n

hog-killlng day wasn't in it those days with

|
|

soap-making days. Every woman made
enough soap to last the family a vear. The
secret of making sofisoap was in keeping the
fire just right under the kettle. It was a trick
to know how.

Well, Lud Peyton had It down fine, and when
the softsoap season set in Lud Peyton was In
demand nd it was the boast of the woren
in Harrisonville that ‘Lud Peyton kept up the
fire (hat made that soap.” He was jus{ as happr
and apt fo his back yard talk when he was stoker
of the soap business as he wagin court. He told
stories and sang and played the fiddle, and when
the soap was all ready to cool down there was
usually a dance elther in the back yard or in
. house, and Lud Peyton always pluyed the
fiddle.

“Then there were plum pprites, and tape
parties. The fruit grew wild in the woods, and
usually on high limbs. When these seasons
came around the women would form parties to

gather the fruit. Unless Lud Peyton was out

of town he led the parties and climbed the trees
for the women and pulled the lusclous fruitfrorm
limb or vine, Once, 60 1 have heard my mother
tell, he fell from the top limb of a plumb tree to
one of the lower limbs In the descent bis
waistband caught on a branch and he was kft
dangling about ten feet from the ground. He
couldn't reach to the branch from which he was
suspended, but finally he swung and swung
until his feet came within reach of the wor
who caught them and pulled him down
they were enabled to cut him | That was
| only one incident In his Ife in Harrisony
| “He was not in polities then, but y
understand how he got all the law busine

Sometimes both sides would want hin and
such casea he usually compromised the liilga-
tiens out of court

|

rose

“Just at the beginning of the Civil] War b's
But for that he would

genius was at {ta zenith,
tad

have been anything fn Miasouri that he wa
He enlisted under Price who waa the bes
fighter, after Tee and Jackson, in the Sout
cause, The Legislature which was in sexs
was chased out of the State by Federal tr 8
Tt followed Price’a army. Just before it lef
the State {ft passed an act of recession ond
elected as Confederate Senators te Hich:
George Vest and Lud Peyton. As T sa
died during the conflict And after he
dead somebody told a story about a wo
who broke his heart

“IT don't know where he is buried, but {f Har
risonville, Mo., had any
would have his body removed there, ar
inthe publie square. Talk about apple-dumrm
Shucks!”

  
  

 

   

get-ip-and-get it
dypeat ft

ling ‘polities!

QUICK WORK WITH EFEIS.

Exhibition at Falton Market by a Lightning:
Handed Expert.

Down Fulton Market way there is always

It 1 he

fra

something interesting to be seen
in the season, men in the street frying «
crabs, or it may be men selling live hard
which they pick up with odd
tongs made for the purpose to put ther
paper bag; it'* a conmon thing for j«
buy live crabs and carry them home wil
ina bag

You might see here somebody skinning eel
though that ls something rather nousual
ciently so to attract always a little k
lookers-on, who stand and wateh the opera!
with interest, Armoug the bunch of +
there is very likely one man, atleast. «!

bef« saw eels skinned and who is stir;
to discover that the expert does pot «)

t)

crabs,

 

eel, but rather, as One might say, eels
That is to say, he does not gtrip the ek
the eel but he strips the ee! clear of the sk

Ved up, corded up, on a board on a berre
behind whieh the oat expert stands, thr
hundreds of eels, piled with heads al! '
rear, handy to selze upon, The only
ment used in the work b a stout kni
short fixed blade. Laying an eel, bac
upon the ud the cleaner makes wit
short stout knife one transverse cut
quarters through it, Just below ite bead
a single deft sweep of the knife he slit
down with one movement, and cleans
with another, almost before one is aware t
this has been done at all, and then he pr
to akin the eel,an operation that requires besce>
knowtng how to 49 it, strength and «

Qnuee more the kuife {s brought
and this time the blace is worked und
end of the body from where the first ©
made and downward tn the direetl
tall, to the extent of an inch. Tha
What the expert wets lis hold or Hold:
ee! up now hs the head with the left har
holding it station he «
that freed inch of eel between the thu
the right hand, on one aide of Mt, and the >"
of the knife, pressing it hard, but not ft
into it on the other And then with th
cliteh that he has thus got upon it, and t
the left hand «stationary, he strips the e
ward and downward with the right, fs
stripping it clear of its skin with a sing
tinuous movement, At the egd of this
a curving aweep through the alr, he throws |
dressed ee! upon a pile of its kind, whi)
skin he tosses into a barrel. Then he pic) ,
another eel from the pile in front of hie ao’
repeats the operation, and it is all a
and so deftly done that you have to kee; ro!

ve move

    

  
        

 

ry and firmly, r

  

eye on him not las f
tents in which the whole work te ¢

 

i
ad

as

tpt vat

tires

245

req

an

gor
wa
thi
‘by
tha
@al

par
@tir
and

M
fmmen
the
that
the
in {

i)
i es
Pla
poli
the
the
Indi
hold
Carn
tea

De
mar
Pla
est,
man
vent
acc

ered
lan
t o
n
on
Bry
£0 Aa
lettey
pare

AU
The

Th
whi
even
and
Pres
Presi
Brun
Seor
The
and
Aust
May
the fi
the |
Gern
that 2
eoun
The |
place

win}
Cong
New

Fre
Berib
firm,
fifth
fon,
J. Ba
Vacat\
he car
Kimb