AGENCY HERE?

  

BRYAN
iw

TIIA\ SENATOR JONES 18

on
per COMING as? 10 OPEN IT.
lso That Tt Wit Not Be Identified with
" ‘ae Croker ‘ephy Headqoarters, Nor

with Those of be State Committee—Move
tkely to Mealt in Increased Harmony,
James &. Jones, Chairman of the

Natical Committee, te expected
« city ome day thie week or next
wr ofther prominent Bryan cam

nol
Renator
Denooratto
qo vist |

  

 

with a num
aigners for the urpose of opening national
a idjnarters hes from which the campaign

ty the East 8 !Leonducted, The lion Dantel J.
Campa of Mich’@n, who is a political manager
wdence ab Pesollree, apent most of last

 

wf 1p
woak here very Gledy. Mr, Campan has been
joking tho sitstion over, it was said yeater-
as cad fronthe reports which have been
made to hirn Various members of the Demo-
erate househdl In New York he has made
up! id tat {t was worth while for the
Dun vic Mlonal Committee to make a«
teal fort to arry New York State.

It was salcyesterday that Richard Croker
jad told Mr. ‘@mpau that Bryan was going to
carry thoctt of New York and that his plural-
Ate eon'h af be Harlem River would be 80,000
Yotes. MS ‘ampau was surprised when this
qesento piprheey was submitted to him, apd
qt was ead that he did not swallow it all, But
at the sanp time he was impressed by the man-
ert h the Democratic leaders in New York
city and fom up the Btate epoke and had de-
sided) tae the establishment of headquarters

er gentiemen who have been consulted in
@ecard { the matter said yesterday that if
Mhes» hfdquarters are opened they would
pot bal f flot!man House, where the Croker-

arphysheviln fasdon has {te headquarters,
or {a Up St. James Building, where the regu-
Nar Denporatio State Committee has @ sulte

got roorus Somme othar place would be sele ‘ted
it Le {in order that there might be no *harge
{Demosratiy Nation il Committee fav-

‘Diat

fred or) faction or fhe other
eaid aleo that when Chairman Jones
) heliontenant’ fame to town they would
7 pgna to have interviews with ex-Sena-
or Muir, Mr. Cfoker and ex-Senator Hill,
‘and t wet them fnto a semblance
@{ hagnony so that the voters in’ the
Wester? States should not be dis-
cournpd | the reports of discord in
‘Mew ork As a matter of fact the
Jouwmreati: ‘aniiign managers have told
fhe Veatern votes that thoy expo't to carry
INaw York Stata this fall. This story would
hovegone very wil with the Westerners ex-
wap io the fa*t that olose on ita heela vame

qpnoun-emest that Mr. Croker and hia
rianda were 80 Pusy feb! tng Mr. Hill and his
rien is that nejher party had any time to
at in work fot the Demoorati: national ti ket.
When these reports were first circulated,
airman Jone, it will be remembered, ca me
‘ust, and epes three or four days in this city
ud Long Brarh, doing Lis utmost to get Mr.
roker and M. Hill to agree. rf was not
Ei sccosttl in his efforts, and the best
be could ty when he started back to
tthe Weat ® take charge of the Chicago
‘hoadquacters wig that he belfwved that every
} erat WH support the ticket and that
} ‘eelings Lad nothing to do with
olitical actic Since then the fight between
Mr Croker ay Mr. Hillhas become more viru-
fot than everbfore and hasreached the stage
where jill mit do not recognize Croker men
avhen they mai therm in the street. One last
ppeal is to benade by the National Committee
er Croker ind Mr. Hill,

.eratio National Committee de-
gides to open heedquarters here it was said
Yesterday the Committeeman Norman F.
Mack of Butd would probably not be in
thm, Mr. Mack has a hand-

a

Ses =

Jem
person

If the Der

  

pnarge 1

. ely decormd office with the State Com-
mittee In the St James Building. Tlis
game is onthe door in gold letters,
hut he hasn occupied the office much

because he bb been kept busy mending his
fences in Buflo. It was said yesterday that

me man lJ Mr. Campau would be selected
to manage ® Eastern headquarters, and that
theNationalUmmittee would take active charge
of the opeag tour which bryan intends to
wh througNew ork State in the middle of

 

 

  

  

”

 

    

 

   
 

 

 

October,

Mernvers othe State Committee said yes-
ferday that would be a very remarkable
thing for th National Committee to come
here and refu to recognize it on the ground
that there weany family trouble among the

erocrats inkis State. It was pointed out
that there 8 fquestion whatever of the regu-
‘a of theDemovcratic State  Comunittee,
1 has an been ralsed. For the Na-
thena minie to jgnore it and establish
ft« headquartevelsewhere than near the State
Comnuttee forhe express purpose of avoaing
any senbiancof mixing in the row woule
practically nuyathat the National Com-
putiee recogntd the troubles and intended to
re zm thes If this is done, it was said
yer . it. vl be made clear to the National
ie » th it cannot come into this State
a! auage UD campaign,

e State ommittee foels that it is com-
petent to takeare of any trouble that may

within itewn ranks, und also to go abead
wid perform 4 duties in un eficient manner.
Tt may be sel that neither Mr. Croker, Mr.
Murphy ver Lr. Hill is anxious to have the
wampalen wek in the State taken out of the
hands of h® fienda by the National Committee
or by anyjoe else, and if an attempt ls made

 

to do <o few will be several different kinds
of trouby _
@Ne TYE STY-SBVEN ISSUE A CALL,

 
  
 

of the Plaga Invites Delegates to
Its Convention,

The Wea Twenty-seven has issued a call
Gor thefonvention which will be held in
Varnegi#iall Sept. 5 to nominate a
third rmional ticket The call is signed
by Evatt V. Abbot, who says in it
that marntcitizens are frightened at the polit -
©a! outlod, and thet from “both the dominant
ur tn-

on

Parties thy see aothing but danger to «
@titutlons) An independent party is a moral
@a titra neces ty.’

 
 

then gps onto invite the gentle-
» woon he aldresses the letter to attend
the vention at delegates, and he says
that credentials wilihe asued to any one whom
the recip enis may tamé as ready to coOperate

 

{n th mhaueonof pttrd party. Mr. Abbot
tels what a wrand tnmement the third ticket
1 is, and give nefull history of the

‘ ven, Wo Jumped into the

i irena oon duly 18 to save

be ration were | turned out by
I neriatists at te Liberty Congress at

vand finally decided to
ieir own on Sept. Sin
were will be nobody to

lan: ye on Au
nvention of

imne Ilall, where

Denmocrath poliielansaid yesterday that the
Manieers ot Lammanygtall were watching the
Viaza lwenty-seven wh a great deal of inter-
ést, and that it was m@ than likely that Tam-
r Hhul would be “presented at the con-
ve It was saidthat as Mr. Bryan had
a ‘ toination from about al the
cr politieal pars there were in the
Trited Saves it seaed only right that he
a ndorsed bthe Twenty-seven, Soa

mit trusty Jmmany men are to get
credentials to the eo@ntion, and then, If the
plat rks suecefully, they will turn
it over » Brean The Twenty-seven have
bee warned oF this and they are
on the look-out. Was also said that Mr
Bryan w Ibe glato receive the nomination
§ ty) get an mortunity to write another
sett fa inoind thus produce another

Dar int

ssue

AUST ROsNUNGRIAN REPUBLICANS,

The New Leagi That Is to Work for
Mekioy Elects OMicers,

 

 

 

The A f‘iwarian Republican League,
Wiih was orgized on Aug. 10, met last
evennat the Ce Boulevard, Second avenue
and lis tra and elected these officers:
Vr De KE Ht Makk; Vice-
! dent biouel Kleinmayw and A. W,
} lreaer, rnil Nyltray, and
S Wam Blauand Carl P. Hany!
! cue airdy has a membership of 300
4 , ms have been sent out to
Atist mn Hungarians in this elty
a schann of Cincinoati was one of

bs toenrol!l The managers of
' ethat o hird of the so-called
G te reality is not German at all, but
that \yrians and 25.000 tiungarians ara
‘ wermanes in the usual estimates

I s already rented three meetin

} east night's meeting chaimpen af
eoitiees were appointed for each
Com {hict and each Assembly district in
‘ anty
Den of Frederick W. Scribner,

} W. Seribner, nephew of Charles
Ber, # founder of the Scribner publishing
Ur suidenly yesterday on his forty.

rhidhay at Cornwall-on-the-Hud-

6 ‘ with his nother, Mrs. NS

Hacgind lis brother, he was spending his
va last | day aftera trip to Bostos
i tor home ot his unele, Witham H
h 1 et the Seventh National

\ t “t street. He was
' nh he s ted on the same

- J teon-th sifudson. Mr. Seripner
bd . eu ! ' doin the offlee
of estern railroad in Chicago. but
NS ! iwe ty ears he had been assistant
fon on na Davwre i . ‘ punty Bank at

' et eur vec ”v is nothe

@urrank K. Sepibner of this city, his brother

 
   

en

THOUGHT BRYAN IN PERIL
ies AS

A Fellow Workman of W. L. Williams Told
the Chief of Police of Omaha That Wil-
Hames Said He Would Kill Bryan—The Mas
Arrested, but Afterward He Was Let Oo.

Omama, Aug. 26.--Willjam 1, Williams, living
al 100 Davenport street, was arrested this fore-

PINGREE 18 FOR M’KINLEY.

The Governor Displeased Over the Stery That
He Might Come Oat for Bryan.

Dernoit, Aug. 25..When Gov. Pingree re
turned from his Western trip this morning and
saw the press despatch which sald that Chair-
man Jones of the Detndcratio party had said
that the Governor “might be” for Bryan, he was
very wroth and casually allowed that he didn't
intend to contradict every fool rumor that
might be started. He said that his adherence

 
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   
 
   
   
  

 

 

Williams had made threats that he intended to
assassinate Willlam Jennings Brvan at the Jack-
sonian picnic here this afternoon, and that fail-
ing an opportunity to-day he would wait until
after the coming election, and then carry out
his plans.

The chief at once placed Williams under ar-
rest while he was at work Inthe cupola of the
American Smelting Company's plant and re-
fused to give all persons information concern-
ing the arrest. Williams's wife called at police
headquarters at noon, but was told she could
not see her husband. She was not told why he
was arrested

Toa reporter Mra, Williams said her husband
had worked in the smelter for the last two
years; that previous to that time he had lived

he was at odds with the Philippine policy of the
Administration, but even with this exception
he could find nothing which would cause him

to waver a moment in his allegiance to his
party. Hisstand on the polit! question is,
perbapa, bestshownin hisreply twa telegram
which he received froma New York hewapaper,
The telegram said

“Reported that you will not ald election of
McKinley and that you may aid Bryan. We
consider your Influence second to none in this
country. A statement !rom you as to your pre-
que position would be considered a great
‘avor."

The Governor telegraphed this reply:

“T voted the Republican ticket firat_ when
Abraham Lincoln was a candidate and I have
voted iteversinue. Lam free to confess that
I've never been a Mark Hanna Kepublican

couldn't be if I tried. Hanna, however,

to the principles of the Republican party was | noon by Sergt. Bebout and  Polloeman
#0 well understood and had been followed so | Baldwin and held secretly for several
long that no man had a right to question his | hours Chief = of Police Donahue
Republicanism. The Governor admitted that } says that he received information that

is not the prinoipal of the Republican Party,

and some day the party will shake him o . .
lo my opinion tt isthe patriotic duty of STE, in Sioux City, where he was employed
man who is inthe habit of voting the Repub. | 48 4@ laborer; that he was rather excitable
lican ticket to keep up his allegiance in the | at times and had this morning

hope of finally resoulng Republicanism from oe
clutches of Hannalsm. Such being the case,
shall probably vote for McKinley and hope for
the beat. A. 8. PINoReR, Governor.”
Inasmuch as the Governor has pledged him-
self to ald in every way the election of Col,
Biles, Republican candidate for Governor, even
to the extent of taking the stump, and has orit{-
clsed Hryan and the Democratic Kansas City

ot

made threats against a delinquent boarder at
his house, and she supposed he had gotten into
trouble from that. Lhe police learned that
Wililams had arranged to stop work this after-
noon

Williams is of medium stature, with light red-
dish hair and mustache and blue eyes and
Jooks— according to the police —like the verita-
ble Anarchist. which they say hels. When ar-
rested he was sillenand silent, and asked no
questions as to his arrest, He is about 40
years old and js a Welsh-American.

Williams in @ tone of confidence this morning
ia said to have imparted the information of his
intention to kill Bryan to one of his fellow

platform, no future questa can arise as
where Pingree wil! be found in the campaign

1900,

 

OHIO ANTI-IMPERIALISTS,

Call for a Conference to Be Held in Columbus | Workmen. As soon as possible the cone
on Sept, & Next. fidant got a leave of nee from ht
i work and was soon closeted with the Chie’

of Policeman Donohue, He told what Williams
had told him, and Baldwin was detalied to
accompany him back to the smelting works,
Williama was pointed out, and before he had
time to learn what was wanted, or to offer any
resistance, the handcouffa were on him
and he was on his way tothe city jail

He was released from custody soon after 2
o'clock this afternoon. The police were unable
to oonfiriu the story told by thelrinformant and
came to the conclusion that he was an alarmist
who had jumped to conclusions that Williams's
statements did not warrant.

Bryan when told of the affair, laughed and
would not believe it.

To.tmpo, Ohio, Aug. 26. A call for an anti-
imperialistic conference, to be held in Columbus
on Sept. 6, was sent out from Findlay, Ohio,
to-day. In part it saya:

“Following the adjournment of the National
Congress held in the city of In-
dianapolis on Aug. 16 and 16, several of the
delegates in attendance at the congress
from Ohio met for the purpose of determining
on a plan for conducting non-partisan propa-
ganda work in Ohio during the present cam-

Liberty

The conclusion arrived at was that in

M'PADDEN WINS FROM LEVY.

paign
order to secure full coéperation of all minority
arties. and anti-imperialistio leagues and the
ndependent and non-partisan forces opposed
to imperialism, militarism and of all those who
deny that the President and Congress have the

Bantams Fight Twenty-five Fast Reunds at
the Greenwood A, ©,

right to govern and rule vast territories and

millions of people outside and in disregard of Hagh MocPadden of Brooklyn got a well-
the Constitution, should be called together in | earned decision over Alf Levy of New York, at
& non-partisan conference at some CeN-| the Greenwood A. (. last night. The men

tral point easily reached,
and there determine political action during the
preseot campaign. Acting on this temporary
authority, we hereby announoe that we have
select«d the date of Sept. 6, 3 P. M, at the
Great Southern Hotel, Columbus, Ohio, as an
appropriate time and place for the meeting.

It is signed by Abner L. Davis and L. W.
Brown as Secretary and President.

fame  Biate, agreed to fight twenty-five rounds at 112

pounds, The betting favored McPadden at 8
w2

McPadden had the beat of the first two rounds,
sending in rapid lefts to the face and
body withoutareturn. It wasan even thing in
the next round, both men fighting hard and
fast. In the fourth round Levy surprised
MecPadden with a hard right on the chin.
MoPadden cut the pace up to the eighth and
had Levy worried with quick left-hand jabs
to the mouth, When the bell rang for the
ninth Levy rushed MePadden to the
ropes and sent in a hard sewing which staggered
Hugh The latter evened matters up just be-
fore the bell witha jolton the chin which sur-
prised Levy. Both men fought hard up tothe
eleventh round, McPadder_ having a shade the
better of it on points. In the next round
MePadden sent ina left jab which brought the
blood trom Levy's mouth. The men fought
fast to the bell, with honors about even

MoPadden had a slight advantage in the thir-
teenth and fourteenth rounds, sending in some
hard left-hand jabs to the mouth. Levy's

 

 

FREDERICK NIETZSCHE DEAD.
The Pessimist Philosopher Had Been Insane

for Several Years.

Special Cadle Despatch to THE SUN,
Wetman, Aug. 25.—The pessimist philoso-
pher Frederick Nietzsche died here to-day.

Frederick William Nietzsche, a Pole by de-
scent, was born at Rocken in Saxony io 18.
He was educated at Bonn and Leipzig untversi-
tles and when 26 years old was agpotnted a pro-
feasor of philology at Basle. While at Basle

tely acquainted with Wagner
c¢ Nietzsche founded his scheme

In 1874, however, while enene

ange

he became in
on whose mu
of philosophy.

ing the Bayreuth festival, an entire © mouth was bleeding when he took his corner.
came over his views with regard to]! Javy revived somewhat in the next two rounds
Wagner and it has been thought | and made things interesting for McPadden
that at this stage Nietzache’s mental! with straight left-hand jabs to the
valady ares revealed itself. fo dper face and mouth. Just before the
ils condition OCAMO suc 18 ong ended the seventeenth round Levy planted
his professorship had to be abandoned oor uare on the jaw whioh dazed MePad-

aswibg #

den. ue adden fought hard and fast up to
the twentieth round and ‘ried hard to knock
his man out. McPadden had Levy tired now
and had things all his own way, sending in hard
blows to the face and body. Mc Padden had the
best of it in the remaining Referee
Eddie Dougherty gave him the ver

and he became a wanderer over Easove ina vain
search for health. It wag then that his literary
output became large, and the egoiam for which
he has become noted first revealed itself in his
works. In theae he expounded a revolutionary
philosophy, denouncing all religion and Coating
J s-

round an

moral laws as a remnant of dict,

tian superstition and advocating the There was a large crowd present when the
iving of unbridled freedom to the s cle | first preliminary. bout of ten rounds at 118
or existence. Onlg pleasure, he held, should be ounds between Jack O'Neil of Brooklyn and
sought and pity Wis to be despised. His iast| Young Horn of New York was put on.
work before his mind failed entirely was ‘Thus | In the third round Horn ho O'Neil
Spake Zarathuea,"' on the publication of which | and the referee promptly disqualified him
he issaid to have exclaimed ‘I have given to | and gave the fight to O'Nell,
men the deepest work they possess.” | The next go brought together George Justice
Nietzsche’s mind, which is believed by many | and Kid Poly. both of Coney Island. They
to have been unbalanesd when he wrote! were down for ten rounds at 126pounds Jus-

tice had the bestof the fight up to the sixth
round, In the seventh he sent @ blow to the
jaw which sent Foly down and out.

this, failedjentirely in 1889 and his condition
since then has been that of hopeless insanity.
Nietzsohe had but few followers and was dis-
liked, it is said, by most of the philoscphers of
his time, one of; whom. was Nordau,who in-
dulged in literary skirmishes with him to the
great entertainment of ali Europe.

HIRED NEWSPAPER FOR ONE DAY,

And It's All About Himself as a Candidate,
Except One Page for His Son Willie.

LEOMINSTER, Mass, Aug. 25 ~—-Henry Cook,
candidate for the nomination for Representa-
tive from the Fourteenth district, bought the
Leominater Enterprise for one day, and this af-
ternoon he owned the entire edition of the
paper, which he devoted wholly to his own in-
terests. His method of campaigning is unique
ip Meaasachusetta politics. He says:

“There are three pages of fine tyne of my own
composition and not a word of advertising
matter in the paper, except ane page, the whole
ofthe back page, to advertise the plumbing

business of myself and Willie, my son. I am
not going to lay outany money this year, ex-
cept what I ¢ayin the newspapers, andl am
not going to abuse anybody either, but you
can bet that Iam not goiug to allow any one to
abuse me either without I reply to them,

“The paper contains everything which the
Enterprise has said about me for the past ten
years. It's all there, and I have replied to the
articles. I have been frank and open. Leall
names right oul. Its not Mr. So-and-So, but
it's Mr. with the man's name and whatever it Is

I went to J. D. Miller, the publisher, and
asked him what he wanted for the paper for
one day, to print every word exactly as i write
and not to change a word. He told me, and
the money is all on deposit ready for him now
I have been open, and have devoted the paper
to the articles that have been printed by the

Unterprize alone. In fact, in the venti open-
ing of the paper I have given J. D. Miller the
credit for my defeats for office right straight
along. Oh, J.D Miller is all right, and he and

are good friends, except in politics

“I'll bet you that that paper will be read all
over thisState, and that there will be awhole lot
of editorials printed in the other newspapers
aboutit. Ieomposed every word that appears
in the, piper, and my wife did the copying, so
that it was her handwriting that went w the
paper for print.”

PRESIDENT NOT GOING TO CHICAGO,

Important Public Business Will Keep Him
Away From the G. A, R, Encampment,

WASHINOTON, Aug. 25.—The President has
eancelled all immediate engagements, and
Private Secretary Cortelyou has issued the fol-
lowing announcement in regard to the decision:

“Owing to the continued pressure of public
business of immediate importance, the Presi-
dent has been obliged to withdraw his acceptance
of the invitation to attend the Thirty-fourth
National Encampment of the G. A. R. and the
several other invitations incident to the occa-
sion. Secretary Cortelyou has to-day advised

Executive Director Harper, Commander-in-

Chief Shaw of the G. A. R. and others of this

decision and of the keen disappointment felt

by the President that he will be unable to be
present during the encampment.”

AGED COUPLE MURDERED.

Mr. and Mrs, Joha Bobb Killed on Their Farm
Near Freeport, fl.

Freeport, Iil., Aug. 25.--Mr. and Mrs. John
Bobb, an aged couple living on a farm twelve
miles north of this city, were murdered some
time last night, and all the money there was
in the house, about 8100, which the
aged couple had saved up for their funeral
expenses, was stolen. When John Wagner, a

neighbor, residing eighty rods from the Bobb
home, went over at noon to-day to look after
the aged couple, as was his daily custom, he
found Mrs. Bobb lying in the kitchenin a pool
of blood, her head and face battered, and a
bloody axe lying close by.

he next room lay the body of Mr. Bobb on

|

Int

the floor with his throat cut and several deep , q yy
Bastes in bis bead : ; FRAUDS IN THE NINTH.
zrom the ons te rece ee sia Men Illegally Enrolled as Democrats in

made a
The robbers ransacked every room in
in addition to taking all the

man
hig life
the house, and

Sheehan's District.
Supt. McCallagh of the State Bureau of Flec-

rere ates whiek be but ok ee wee tions has had his men at workin the Ninth
bloody garments in the yard Assembly district, where John C. Sheehan
som pence is fighting for the Tammany leadership

 

with Councilman Frank J. Goodwinand Thomgs

THE PARK, (
M. Smith, clerk of the City Court and private

BICYCLE CRASH IN

 

* ’ 7 * secretary to Richard Croker, and it was an-
Tandem Riders Thrown Under a Victoria's nounced that Mr. MeCullagh’s deputies had dis-
Wheels—One Will Die. covered four houses in which there were men
Max Frost of 244 Rivington street and Abe | iliegally qarolied as Democrats. One of these

i oli > : 108 iouses 1 ) stree eoLwe ig {
Stiglitz of 826 East Houston street, while riding Ninth Sveness There are eleven illeguily
a tandem bicycle in Central Park last night, | enrolled voters there Two of them are
in Twenty-second street between Tenth

tried to steer between a victoria and a cab
on the Central Drive. Alongside the victoria
their machine upset gud they were thrown
beneath the carriage wheels

Frost was taken to the Presbyterian Hospi-
tal suffering from a fractured skull. He was
unconscious and the doctors said that his in-
juries were mortal, Suglitz was also taken
to the hospital, He merely suffered from
contusions to the body Frank Cook, the driver
of the victoria, was arrested,though it was clear
that he had had nothing to do with the accident,

and Eleventh avenues and another is in Twen
ty-first street between the same avenues. In
each of these bouses there are several illegally
enrolled voters) Mr, MeCullagh will have his
deputies in the district on Tuesday when the
primaries are held and make such arrests as
may be necessary.

 

BATCH OF SIX LOST CHILDREN

Missing From the St. Vincent de Paul Sammer
Home in Westchester.

The sisters in charge of the St. Vincent de

Paul summer home at Pelham Bay Park, Bay-

Reina Mercedes Sails for Portsmouth, N, H,

Nonro.k, Va., Aug. 26.- The former Spanish
Ke na \iercedes sailed from the Norfolk

cruiser ,
. . > chester, notified the police f the Wes

Navy Yard this morning for Portamouth, N. B. | Chester gation last cians that six of

in tow of the naval tugs Nezinscot and Potomac. | 1), sixty. children from the city. who

he j > «
She will be used at Portsmouth, it i+ sald, as a were spending the summer.at the home had

wandered away, They asked the police to look
for the children and said they thought the
children had become homesick and had started
for their homes,

The children were James and Loretta Sands,
12 and 10 years old, of 528 West Twenty-eighth
street: Mary and Annie Reynolds, 7 and 0 years
old, of 1460 Second avenue, and Thomas and
doseph Kiernan, it and 12 years old, of 221 Bast
Sevenly-eighth street

|

| receiving ship The Mercedes has been in
ordinary use here since she reached this country

| after being raised in Santiago Harbor

|

|

Collector Moore Complimented,

Collector Frank ,R. Moore of the Internal
tevenue Department in Brooklyn has received

a letter from Robert Williams, Jr., acting Com-

| missioner of the Internal Revenue Department
in Washington, complimenting him on the ex- The police sent out a general alarm, but no
cellent condition of his oficial accounts, The | trace had been found of the children iate at
j office is rated as first class. Might.

 

¢

— cot ee vor ome

DIVED A DISTANCE OF 180 FRET.

 

 

Boston Youth Draws a Crowd to fee Him
Jump~—Comes Up Safely.

Roston, Aug. 25.—Charlos A. Blgney, 17
years old, who aspires to be the high diving
champion of the world, this afternoon sprang
head first from the top of Thomas & Pike's
coal elevator on Albany street into the South
Bay, « distance of 130 feet, and came up with
a smile on his face. That he suffered no ill
effects from the wonerful feat was shown by
his swimroing to @ rowboat as soon aa he rose
to the surface.

Bigney lives on Dover atreet and works in a
bleycle exchange on Shawmut avenue. He
is only about 54, feet tall and weighs about
126 pounds, It ia only within a few weeks
that he has developed any «kill for high diving
and his first leap of fifty-four feet was made
only last month, A few days ago he tried a
dive of about ninety feet from the bie boom
of the same coal litt that he used to-day, and
found it #0 @asy that he at once began to plan
a descent from the peak of the building

The advance notices of the attempt attracted
agreat crowd of spectators, and before 1 o'clock
the bridges were heavily laden with people.
Beveral boata collected on the channel Solow
the tower and some friends of the diver pre-
pared to take him at once from the water when
he flight through the air should have been
ended

At 1:05 P. M. Bigney shook hands with a few
friends and mounted the stairs leading to his
platform, attired in a blue bathing suit with
white stripas. The coaling achoonor Fortuna
at the wharf seemed to project her bowsprit

in the way, but his plan was to
leap beyond it and etrike in the clear
water, about cventy feet in depth,
beyond, On reaching the top of the tower

he eapted a piece of wood floating toward the
spot where he would land, and he called to his
friends in a rowboat to get it out of the way.
Then, lifting his arms above his head and ex-
panding his chest with a full breath, the youth
waited a moment and leaped, He struck the
water head first,

SHOOTS INTO A CROWD.

White Youth Hit in the Abdomen by a Ballet
and Will Die—Violence Feared.

Anumber of negroes left a negro clubhouse
at 203 West Sixty-secayd street at 11 o'clock
lastnight and stood on the corner talking. A
crowd of white youths on the opposite corner
saw John Davis among the negroes. His face
isscarred and disfiguredfrom many fights in
which he has indulged. The whites began to
taunt him and he lost his temper, pulled a re-
volver and fired four shota into the crowd,

One of the bullets struck John Brennan, 20
years old, of 81) West Forty-seventh street in
the abduinen and passed through his body. The
others carried him to the hall of 81 Amsterdain
avenue. He became unconscious before an
ambulance arrived to take him to Roosevelt
Bospite). Atthe hospital it was said that he
would probably die.

Davis escaped immediately after the shoot-
ing. Acting Captain Kear of the West Sixty-
eighth street station, sent fifty policemen
through the precinct looking for him, but he
had not been found at 1 o'clock this morning.
Trouble is feared In the precinct, as several
fights between whites and negroes occurred
roon after the shooting

After midnight the police arrested Andrew
William, 4 negro of 286 West Thirty-sixth street,
and locked him up on suspicion that he knew
something about the shooting.

WOMAN BOOKKEEPERS SUICIDE,

 

NEGRO

 

 

Porter Finds Her Asphyxiated tn the Office of
the Firm That Employed Her.

Clara Hubbs, $2 years old, of 142 Fast Fifty-
fifth street, the bookkeeper in the office of
Finegold & Spero, clothiers at 147 Fast Forty-
second street, was found dead there yesterday
morning, having committed suicide by inhaling
illuminating gas. She worked late on Friday
night, and left the building about 8:30 o'clock

with Mr. Finegold, They went to a neighboring
restaurant for supper.

One of the tenants of 145 East Forty-second
street saw Miss Hubbs return there between
10:30 and 11 o'clock. At 830 A. M., the porter
when he opened store found Miss Hubbs lyin
on a cloth-cutting table dead. The halla anc
the room were filled with gas, and a tube lead-
ing to the gas is was Iving close to her head
mer hat and handkerchief were on a table
nearby

On Mr. Finegold’s desk she had left two
ohecks, filled out, waiting for his signature.
A stamped and seale, letter, addreesed “Mr.
Chittenden House, Columbus,

Robert Spero,

©.,” was also found. Mr. Spero, who is Mr.
Finegold’s partner, is at present travelling
for the firm. He left Columbus yesterday

for Pittsbure.
Miss Hubbs had lived with her sister Kate

for the last four years

 

ALFRED VANDERBILT COACHING,

He and Two Friends Drive From Newport te
Boston,

Newport, R. 1, Aug. 25.—-Alfred Vander-
bilt, accompanied by William Stackpole, Jr.,
and B. Johnson, started from Newport this
morning on a coaching trip to Boston and
return. He used a two-seated brake, drawn
by four horses, Horses had been sent on before
for four relays, the distance between the two
cities being sixty-nine miles. The first run,
eighteen miles, between this city and
Fall fiver was the hardest, It
proved too much for one of the horses, which
slayed out at Tiverton, and the trip to Fall
tiver was continued with three horses, the
party arriving there at 11 o'eloek With fresh
iorses the party continued on to Taunton,
a distance of fifteen miles, where they arrive
at 2 o'clock A stop was made at Taunton
for luncheon The next relay was at Easton,
a distance of (welve miles, and the horses taken
there carried the party to Boston, where they
arrived to-night Mr. Vanderbilt and party
will spend Sunday in Boston and will make
the return trip on Monday

CONSUL MATSU RECALLED.

Well-Known Representative of Japan at San
Francisco Ordered Home.

SAN FRANCISCO, Aug Much regret was
expressed here to-day when it became known
that Count Matsu, for two years Japanese Con-
sul at this port, had been recalled by his Gov-
ernment, This summons was entirely unex-
pected andthe Count is unaware of its
sienificance He willsail on next Wednesday
for home. 3S lokota, who recently came
here from Pekin, where he ha been
ten years attached to the Japanese legation as
scholar, will take temporary charge of the con-
auiate here. Matsuisone of the brightest of
Japan's oung diplomats, He was educated at
Cambridge, England, and obtained his diplo-

 

 

 

25

mauie training under Marquis Ito. He
served with Ito «at Heroshima — during
the Japan-Chinese War and participated

in the peace negotiationsat itsclose Heserved
as attaché of Japan's lewation in Pekin and was
third secretary of the legation in Washington,
where he made many friends. The mail that
brought him news of his recall also brought the
tidings that his mother, ( ountess Matsu, who
was well known in Washington society, was
dead

RORDED AND MURDERED?

Man's Coat and Vest Found With the Pockets
Inside Out,

Policeman Fuller of the Sheepshead Bay sta-
tion found a blue serge coatand vestlast night
on the bank of the creek near the Brighton
Beach railroad crossing at Neptune avenue.
The pockets of the vest were turned inside out

and part of a gold chain with a_ locket
attached was lhanging from one of the
button holes. The chain looked as thougha
part had been wrenched off In one of the
coat pockets was the photograph of a man
about 85 years old and a letter addressed (o
Capt, dobnson of the steamship Sardinian, The
leiter bore the stamp of the British Consulate
and was sig¢ed by Acting Consul General
Gi, Clive Doyle,

Two Arrests After a Parker House Brawl.

Wentworth Mosby, an agent, living at the
Parker House in Brondway, andJohn A, Fala-
hide, the steward of the same hotel, got into a
row last night in the barroom, They fought
out to the sidewalk and continued the fight
there until a crowd was attracted and a police
man atrested both on a charge of disorderly
conduct Falahide's head was cut open, he
said, froma bl w with a bottle,

No Fighting at the Greenwood,

Jack MeGowan of New York and Hugh
MeWinters, colored, were billed to fightin the
star bout at the Greenwood A.C. last night, but
owing to @ smali attendance and the fact that
McGowan failed to make an appearance all
bouts were declared off. Manager Reagan cave
return checks to those present for the club's
next show, and the crowd left the club in good
humor

Jumped to Death tn the Alrshatt
John Jansen of 403 Fast Twenty-fourth street,

after drinking hard all week, jumped from the

third-story window lastnight into the airshaft
He landed on his head, fracturing his skull, and
died five winutes later.

THE SUN, SUNDAY, AUGUST 26, 1900.

POWERS’ ANSWER AWAITED
NO CHANGE IN THE SITUATION AS
TO CHINA YESTERDAY,

Assurance That Russia Has Not Declared
Formal War Expected, Notwithstanding
Mer General's Alleged Action—Wires Evi-
dently Cat Between Pekin and Tientsin,
Wasninoton, Aug. 26.—There has been no

marked change in the Chinese situation since
yesterday and officiala say that there Is no
cause for worry. They maintain that the main
conditions at Pekin and elsewhere in the Em-
pire are very satisfactory. Asfor the diplomatic
phase of Chinese affairs, very little is
obtainable, but it la indicate by the authorities
here that there ie not likely to be any de-
velopment along that line until the Powers
have received the note of the United States In-
viting an arrangement for the recognition of
some central authority tn the Empire with
which the Powers may conduct peace negotia-
tions.

Until the Government is satisfied that none
of the European Powers nor Japan intends to
declare war against China the President will
remain in Washington. He intends to stay
here until some definite responses have been
recelved from the Powers to the note prepared
yesterday and until it is learned from the Rus-
sian Government whether the Russian com-
mander at Pekin was justified in making the
assertion that his country was at war with
China. There is a general disinclination to
believe that Russia has decided to abandon
codperation with the other nations and engage
in war. No official confirmation of the report
that the Russian Genera! at Pekin made such @
declaration as that attributed to him has come
to this Government.

In a despatch received at the Navy Depart-
ment yesterday Kear Admiral Remey said
it was reported at Taku that the Russian com-
mander had objected to communication be-
tween the other foreign commanders and the
Chinese because his Government was at war
with China. Admiral Remey sent this, how-
ever, as a mere report and did not vouch for it.
The opinion here is that the Russian General
did make a declaration of that character, but
itis believed that the Government at St. Peters.
burg will repudiate it. However, the report
causes concern and the officials are anxious
to get authentio advices in the matter from
the United States Ambassador at the Russian
capital.

There will be no withdrawal of United States
troops from China until the conditions lald
down by this Government have been com-
plied with, or some foreign Government has
declared war against the Chinese Empire.
This Government maintains that the relief
of the legations does not constitute all the
work which the Powers are called on to do.
Order must be reéstablished, foreigners must
be protected and the responsible authority
in China must give assurances that there will
be no repetition of the outbreaks which have
brought so much trouble to China and the
civilized nations,

No despatch from Gen. Chaffee was received
to-day. It is evident that the telegraph lines
between Pekin and Tientsin are in trouble
and despatches must be forwarded from Pekin
by courier to Tientain. The War Department
officials say that the line is intact between
Tientsin and Taku, but the United States mili-
tary telegraph wire between Tientsin and Pekin
has beencut. A despatch was sent by Adjutant-
General Corbin to-day to the cable companies

 

 

asking them to make an extra effort to ex- |

pedite the transmission of Gen. Chaffee’s de-
spatches fom Taku to Chefoo and thence tq
Washington

 

FIFTH INFANTRY AT ‘FRISCO.

The First Battalion Arrives and Goes Into
Camp--No More Transports Needed.

San Francisco, Aug. 25.—The headquarters
band and First Battalion of Fifth Infantry from
Fort Sheridan, Il,, arrived to-day and marched
direct to the Presidio, going into camp near the
Seventh Artillery. The Fifth ts commanded
by Col, Richard Comba, who was a (jeneral in
the volunteer service, The battalion was 555 men
strong, and looked well as it marched into the
Presidio. The men all had their khaki uniforms
on, regimental colors were flying and the ex-
cellent band, which consists of twenty-four
pleces, played stirring tunes, The guns of
Slege Battery O, Seventh Artillery, which had
been at the wharf waiting to be shipped on the
Belgian King, have been taken to the Presidio,
They were exposed and liable to deterioration
through rust there, so they have been put under
their canvas covers on the drill ground
destination of Sleae Battery O has not yet been
determined, but on the return of Gen, Shafter
who is at Monterey, it will probably be assigned
somewhere in this department.

No more transports are being chartered now.
Army transport service has enough vessels
on hand for troops, animals and freight to last
until next November, Kapid work is being
done in loading the transport Belgian King
aud she will wet away early next week, ‘Iwo
Haht batteries which arrived recentiy are ex-
pected to go to Manila on the transport Rose-
erans. The transport Ferderica will take 433
horses to Manila and will sail early next week
‘The Exbert is the only transport now in port that
will be sent to China. She will take commis-
sary supplies. The Logan will sail for Manila
by way of Uonolulu and Guam on Sept. 1

 

 

ARMY Y. M. C. A.“S IN CHINA,

Reports That Those in Tientsin and Take Are
Appreciated by Soldiers and Sallors,

R. E. Lewis, a representative of the Interna-
tional Young Men's Christian Association, re-
ports that the British and American authori-
ties have officially approved and encouraged
the formation of Army Young Men's Christian
Associations among the allied troops tn China,
Quarters at Taku and Tientsin have already
been set aside for the army associations, and

it is expected that the work will be extended.
Mr. lewis writes that the reading and cor-
respondence rooms at these places are highly ap-
preciated by the soldiers and sailors, New

ork, London and Berlin newspapers and
iUustrated periodicals are on file in the reading
rooms

The Consuls Who Left Their Posts.

WASHINGTON, Aug. 25.—The following bulletin
was made public at the Department of State
this morning:

The |

 

  

Fine Lace Cartains and Bed Sets, consisting
of Point Arabe, Lacet Arabe and Renaissance
| Lace Curtains, Marie Antoinette and Renais-

| sance Lace Bed Sets,

AT 1/4 LESS THAN REGULAR'PRICES,

  

 

 

|

|

Velours Panne in plain, chameleon
and corded effects.

|

 

 

18 1T ANOTHER CARDIFF GIANT?

 

Stone Image Alleged to Have Been Dug Up in
Arizona Now in a Boston Junk Shop.

Boston, Aug. 25 —In an upper story of a
South Boston junk shop, carefully packed in
straw and excelsior, there has been for several
days the stone figure of a man. With the ex-
ception of an uneven hollow in the abdomen
and a few smaller imperfections in the mould
the image is excellent. It ls that of a man
nearly six feet tall, lying with bent legs and one
arm across the breast, modelled in grayish
stone and covered with a fine yellow, powdery
dust. Those who own it say thatit is a remark-

able specimen of fossil.

Several weeks ago, the story goes. two miners
digging a shaft in Sprung Gulch, three miles
north of Reno. Nev., came upon the image of

stone. They found it at a depth of twenty-
five feet, in a guich which {s submerged for
four months of the year, They took out the
figure rather carelessly. breaking off the feet,
which they recovered later, an sold it to
George D. Burton of Boston. It has been
examined by two or three persons connected
with the Peabody Museum of Harvard Uni-
versity, and one of them, who spent some time
examining it this morning, took a little piece
of the stone to Cambridge for closer examina-
tion. The most Interesting part of the figure is
the hands. Thenails, the veins on the back and
every crease of the flesh in the knuckles are
perfect. As for the face, the brow ia broad
and receding, the nose hooked and the cheek
bones high. Though the face is said by come
to be more typical of a white man than an In-
dian, the profile is distinctly Indian in contour.
The image weighs more than 400 pounds.

 

Boxing May Continue tn This City After
September 1.

* There ts every reason to belleve that boxr-

ing will becontinued tn this city even
after the law which has _ legalized
the sport in this State is abolished,

While the game will not flourish as widely as it
has done for the past four years, bouts will be
held, according to reliable information,
in this city the same as formerly before
recognized athletic clubs. The match-
makers of the local fistio § institutions
believe that the Lewis law is unconstitutional,
and that it can be proven so without much
trouble. A well-known matchmaker of one of
the best situated clubs in this city said yester-
day to THE Sen reporter:

“Patrons of the science do not need to have
any fear about thesport dying out entirely after
Sept.1. There will be plenty of it and the lull
will not be long enough to deprive the public of
sone stirring fistic events. Of course
@ ban will be put on most of those clubs which
have come into existence since the court de-
cided that no licenses were necessary to hold
bouts, The police will have full charge of
the game as you will soon see. Before
the Horton law was introduced the sport
was controlled and sanctioned by the police.
The same order of things will prevail again. It
is no crime to hold sparring matches in this
State nosing is no better nor any worse a

astime than football, oricket, tennis and base-

all, yet these sports are not legalized.

“It is the intention of one club--[ cannot for
reasons divulge its name, but you can readily

| ed which one I mean--to make @ test caae.

everal bouts will be held. The manage-

ment expects to see the pugilists
inched and brought to court for trial for vio-
fating the law and then discharged. This

will be the cue and all the legitimate clubs
in the State will open their doors and resume
business. Then an attempt will be made to
show that the repeal of the boxing law was
unconsti tutio nal.”

Hollywood Military Tournamenat Ends,

Tono Brancn, Aug. 25--Four thousand
people witnessed the closing programme of the

 

| second annual military tournament at Holly-

wood Park this afternoon. All the resorts be-

tween Belmar and Seabright were
| reprerented and the = different events
decided were unusually interesting. At 4
o'clock the crowd reached its height. Sena-

“The attention of the Department of State |

was to-day called to the recently published
statements of the Consuls of the United States
in China that they had left their several posts
by express direction of that Department, These
statements have been formally contradicted.
It was true, it was said, the Consuls were per-
mitted by the Department to leave, but this
permission was accorded upon their own repre-
sentations that
danger. Steps are, however, being taken by
the Department to have all Consuls of this
Government return to their several posts as
s00n as the immediate danger has passed."*

Senate Candidates tn North Carolina.
WILMINGTON, N. C., Aug. 25.--Cien. Julian 8
Carr of Durham has sent to the morning papers
of the State for Sunday's issue a card announe-

their lives were in imminent |

ing himself as a candidate for the United States |

Senate. There are two other candidates, A.M
Waddell of Wilmington and F. M. Simmons of
Raleigh. ‘There is a rumor that Simmons will
give up in the expectation of getting a foreign
mission and that Governor-elecet Aycock will
try for the nomination

“Tallew Dick'' Combs Oat on Rail,

LOUISVILLE, Ky., Aug. 25.—"Tallow Dick"
Combs was admitted to bail and released this
morning. His bond was -igned by R. R, Perry,

postmaster at Winchester. Combs says he will
open a barber shop in this city. Dr Ro oL, Car-
rick, Youtsey’s physielan, says that his
patient's condition is much improved this
morning and that he is doing nicely

MARIAN] WINE--WORLD FAMOUS TONIC

Many thousand physicians and millions of
persons during the past thirty-five years have
thoroughly tested Vin Mariani aod Invariably
experienced benefictal effects Thousands of
famous men and women from almost every walk
of fe have praised Vin Mariani in poetry and
prose, in music, sculpture and painting. ‘Try
Vin Mariani on its merits,

Sold by ali Druggists. Refuse Substitutes.

 

| Firstand Second Signal ( orps, N.GN.Y

| Company L Seventy first Regiment, N. ¥.; P B

ter Hanna failed to put in an appear
ance, but Gov. Foster M, Voorhees, and
Gen. Hird Spencer, Capt Richard Read-
ing and Capt, Alfred Holly, were among
those who occupied seats in the
Governor's box. Governor Voorhees reviewed
the troops at 6 o'clock. There were many
interesting features on this afternoon's
programme. The exhibition mounted drill by
the Second Battery, N.G.N. Y.. Brevet-Major
David \\ilson, commanding, was cheered to the
echo. Asham battle between New York and
New Jersey troops on toe lawn in front of the
West End Hotel took place this morning. Sum-
mary

One Mile Biewcle Race for Boys Under 12 Years Old
~Won by Hugh R. West, Lewis EK. Bamberger
second Time, 2 minutes 56 1.5 seconds

120 Yard HurdiefRace - Open to summer residents
only Won by John Schuyler Casey. Time, 20
seconds,

120-.ard Hurdie Race—Open to members of Na-
tlonal Guard of New York and New Jersey--Won b
S. K. Thomas, Company FB, Seventh Regiment. Time,
14 seconds

Telegraph Pole Climbing Between Membera of the

E ~Won b
M ( Sullivan,  Pirst Signal Corps
W. Smith, Second Signal Corps, second

Half Mile Run
Guard of N. J. and N. ¥

Open to memivwrs of the National
Won by G. Fitemerald,
Ca-
hill, Company [| Seventy first Regiment, second: JJ
a Puke, Fourth Regiment, N. J., third. Time,
2.16 35.5.

One Mile Run- Won by G. Fitecerald. Company I,
Seventy first Regiment: John Schuyler Casey, second:
J. J. Hurke, Fourth Regiment. N. J., third
5S minutes 142.5 seconds

Helay Race, one mile, between mounted organiza-
Hons aon by team No. 1, Second Sgnal Corps. N.
OG. N.

Eighth Event—Foot race open to members of Na
tonal Guards NV. and N.J.—Won by R. T. Stitt,
Second Signal Corps; S. K. Thomas,
Seventh Regiment, second.

Time,

Company F,

Lieat.-Gov. Woodroff Gets First Choice of
Hoxes at Syracuse Horse Show.

SyRacrse, Aug 25—James T. Hyde, director
of the Madison Square Garden Horse Show,
who will have charge of the horse show at the
State Fair, which begins in this city on Monday,
to-night sold at auction the boxes in the
Jarwe arandstand at the fair tracks for
the horse show and races of Fair week
Lieut.-Gov. ‘limothy L. Woodruff was the
Spee eee bender nt had first

lee, Pay in, . ©, Herbert Haloomb also
paid $80 and had second choice. Other boxes
went at prices ranging from $65 to $25,

|

Monday, August 27th.
IMPORTANT SALE of a namber of styles of

Adwance shipments of Aatamn Velvets

now on sale.

_ Lyons All-Silk, Hand-Loom
Dress and Millinery Velvets.

 

  
   
 
 
 
 
    
   

   

THE COUNTRY
IS FLOODED

with Scotch Whiskeys,
mostly blends or vatted.
Blending is done to
cheapen. It is not as
g for the stomach as
onest straight Highland
Whiskeys like our

BONNIE
BRIAR BUSH

Very Old, and

SOUVENIR OF
SCOTLAND

Medium Age,

for sale from store or in
bond,

H. B. KIRK & CO., N.Y.

 

 

   

CANADA GIVES UP YUKON CLAIMS.

Abandons the System of Holding Altermate
Ones on the Goldbearing Creeks.

Ottawa. Ont., Aug. 26.-~The Dominion Gov-
ernment has de sided to withdraw the system it
inaugurated at the opening of the Yukon gold
flelds, by which the Government reserved for
iteelf alternate laims on all the gold-bearing
creeks. This was the plan adopted by the Gov-
ernment when the Yukon first attra*ted the
noti -e of the outside world. In order to guarantee
to the country an adequate return for the large
public outlay involved in the opening up and

management of the new mining district. Other
sources of Yukon revenue now make it @»
necessary to continue the system,

Another step will also be taken in the {nteress
of the individual miner. On all creeks whe
gold is in sufficient quantities to be work

reference will be given to the individual over

ydraulic mining companies. The 10 per
cent, royalty will not be abolished or reduced
at present .

 

wmiI3sYM

ADEF.— At Edgewater, Westchester county, ™ ¥.,
at his residence, on Saturday, Aug. 25, 1900,
after a brief iliness, in the 44th year of bis age,
Frederick W., son of the late George Townsend
Adee and Ellen Loulse Henry.

Notice of funeral hereafter,

ABRNOLD, —At Port Chester, N. Y., at ber resi@ence.
on Aug. 25, 1900, aftera lingering Ulness Mary
L., widow of David I’. Arnold

Notice of funeral hereafter

BOYD.—At Orange, \. J.. suddenly, on Aug. 2@

1900, James R. Hho) d, in the 62d yearof bisege

Funeral services will be held at the Church of the
Holy Communion, South Orange, on Monday,
Aug 27, 1000, at 1945 A.M. Train leaves
New York930A.M,D,L.4&4W.R RAR

GIDDINGS,—On Friday, Aug. 24, 1900, at Disgest
dence, 344 State st.. Brooklyn, N. Y. Silas M.
Giddings.

Funeral services at St. Peter's Church, State st, on
Monday, Aug. 27, 1900, at 3:30 o'clock. Inter-
ment private.

GLULBY,.—At Freeport, & LL,
W. W. Gtlby
Funeral at 2:30 om Sunday, Aug. 26,
Westheld, N. J

MULOARY. On Thursday evening, Aug. 23, 1900,
Mortimer A.. beloved son of M. J. and Hannah
C. Muleaby.

Funeral from residence of his parents, 515 West
142d st, Monday morning at 8.30, thence to
Chureh of St. Catherine of Genoa, West 153d st,
where mass of requiem will be celebrated.  Inter-
ment Kingston, N. Y Funeral car will be
attached to train leaving Grand Central Depot at
10:80 A. M.: 1258h st. station at!0:39. Relatives
and friends are respectfully Invited

QUACKENBUSH,..On Friday, Aug 24, 1000, the
Rev. Daniel Mel. Quackenbush, D. D., in his 624
year.

Funeral services at hia late residence, 3 East 04th
st, abil A. M., on Monday, Aug, 27, 1900,

RITTER. On Aug. 25, 1900, Henry Ludiow, omly
son of the late Marie Lewis Ritter, in the 20th
year of his age

Funeral services at St. Ann's Church, East 140th
Bt. and St Ann's av., Monday, Aug. 27, 1900, at
2 P.M. Intermentin Trinity Cemetery.

SCRIBNER.-—At Cornwall on- Hudson, on Aug. 25,
1000, Frederick W. Scribner, son of Mrs. & J.
Bacon.

Service at 26 East 2ist st, New Y ork, Monday
Aug. 27, 1900 at 5 PM Interment at con
venience of family

on Aug. 25, 190@

1900, et

‘HF KRENSICO CEMFTRRY. —Private ongen, Be,
lem Railroad; 48 minutes’ rite from the
Central Depot. Office, 16 East 42d st,

" ; ‘Special Plotices.

LOST HEALTH IREGAINED by growing pew
bodies; curtous truths; treatise mailed ADI EN
CO,, 60 W. 1u4th.

Beligionus Rotices,
[JOLY TRINITY CHURCH, New York, Lenox
av.and \22d st, Rev. H.P. Nichols, Rector;

services, 730, 11 A M.&P. M The reetor wili
preach morning and evening.

_ New Publications,

NT ae

 

 

~_— ——ree
CO. —Voliaire's Candide, Fielding's Tom
50“ pias Nance Lesoact PHATE wereaeee

‘
+ ee ene,

rae -

 

—

Se.

SS

paige outta etait

orca aan renasomrar esi Sars