af “2

ee

worn TB Re a

>
is

 

ewe tn

4 Fah~2

Fe “.
anor Me

em

 

 

AUNDAY, AUGUST 26, 1900,

SOC = —

Subscriptions by Mall, Postpatd.

DAILY, pet MomiB.ccesccceceeeereeeereerens
DAILY, per Veat.cccccccereee seereesowoeres a
SUNDAY, per Ye@r..
DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Year
DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Month
Postage to foreign countries added.
Tun GUN, New York City.

 

PARI8—Kiosque No. 12, near Grand Hotel, and
Kiosque No. 10, Dowlevard dos Capucines.

 

If our friends who favor wa with manuscripts for
publication wish to have rejected artteles returned, they
must in all cases send stamps for that purpose

The Man Without a Country.

In his speech at Auvurn, Neb., on Wednes-
day last Mr, Bryan, the Democratic candl-
date for President, spoke like a man without
a country. “I want,” said he, “the Ameri-
can flag to come down from the Philippine
Islands;” and, he continued, shallow but
conscious that this platform put him tn need
of self-defence, “if the flag cannot be hauled
down now, how are you going to bring the
American troops back from Pekin?’ Tle
even argued that “ the Republican President
promised to haul down the flag in Cuba.”

That is to say, the Stars and Stripes
when floating over territory of the United
States is no more to Bryan than when it ts
raised incidentally in foreign countries.

The American flag flies peacefully over the
United States Consulates the worldover, It
has lately been carried to Pekin by an
expedition sent to resoue the American
Minister, as {t has been carried in hostility

{n other countries than China, time
and again, It is in Cuba pending the
withdrawal of our troops there, prom-

ised, not as Bryan says, by the Presi-
dent, but by the Congress of the United

States, whose spontaneous resolve to estab-
lish an independent Government {n Cuba
was followed by the Senate's legal incor-

poration of Porto Rico, Guam, the Philip-
pines and other fslands within American
sovereignty. But under none of these cir-
cumstances {s it what it is now by the law
of nations in the Philippines, the emblem of
our national sovereignty

To the anti-impertalist prophet therefore
the Stars and Stripes convey no meaning
and such a man ts aman without a country,
He doesn't know what hia country is. He
doesn't understand the meaning of its flag.
He is without the feeling of the patriot,
He is the last man in the Union to be made
ita President.

Russia and the Chinese Crigis.

Aocording to atelegram from Pekin, the
commander of the Russian soldiers there
refused to Join the commanders of other
foreign troops {nan agreement to retrain
from entering the so-called Forbidden City
on the ground that his country was for-
mally at war with China, and his functions,
therefore, were strictly military, and
in no wise diplomatic, It {1s of obvious
importance that all the Powers interested
should learn with all possible promptitude
whether the Russian General's assertion
was authorized by his Government, for, ifa
state of war exists between Russia and
China, it will be the duty of all third parties
to withdraw their soldiers from the latter
country, unless they are prepared to side
with one or the other of the combatants.

On what ground can Russia now separate
her cause from that of the allies and prose-
cute hostilities to results the scope and
nature of which are to be deter-
mined by her as sole arbiter, when
some or all of the other Powers are willing
to negotiate concerning the questions of
reparation for the past und guarantee for
the future, provided a government qualified
to carry out a compact can be found or cre-
ated in China? Ifsuch a claim should be
put forward by the St. Petersburg Govern-
ment, the pretext for it would doubtless be
that the Chinese, by attacking a Russian
town on the north bank of the Amur River,
which, for a part of its course, constitutes
the Russian boundary, committed an act of
war; and, further, that the commander of
the invading force declared that he waa
acting in pursuance of orders from Pekin.
Let us see what this pretext amounts to.

In the firat place, the invasion of Russian
territory was of itself no more an act of
war than was the murder of Baron von
KETTELER or the subsequent attack upon
the legations in Pekin. The Chinese Gov-
ernment would be as much at liberty to dis-
avow the former proceeding as either of
the latter acts, and to offer redress there-
for. Astothe Chinese General's assertion
that, in invading Russian territory, he was
obeying orders from Pekin, it remains to be
seen, first, whether such orders were actu-
ally sent, and, secondly, if they were sent,
whether the Empress Dowager was not
under duress when she gavethem. In other
words, there is nothing suf generis about the
hostile movement on the part of the Chinese
fin the Amur region. The questions that
must be put concerning it are identical
with those which have been mooted
regarding the outrages committed in
the Chinese capital. Even should it be
proved, or with good reason suspected,
that the Empress Dowager connived at the
violations of international law perpetrated
by Prince Tuan and other leaders of the
anti-Foreign party, it might still be open to
her, as to any other Sovereign, to repent;
provided, of course, she should show here
self willing to bring forth fruits meet for
repentance. She could attest her sincerity

by subjecting her bad advisers to con-
dign punishment, by surrounding herself
with statesmen known to be friendly to

foreigners and favorable to reform, and by
covenanting to make such reparation for
past insults and wrongs as the injured
Powers themselves should dictate and also
to furnish such safeguards against a repeti-
tlon of offence as those Powers should pre-
seripe. That is all that would be required
of a European Sovereign who had given
grave provocation to his neighbor, unless,
indeed, as was the case with Prussiain 1870-
71, there should be a covert design to muti-
late the offender's territory.

If now Russia, without regard to the view
taken of the situation by Powers that have
thus far been her allies, should declare that
she, at all events, is at war with China, and
should avow a purpose to push the contest
to an outcome satisfactory to herself, it
would be tolerably clear that she contem-
plates the conquest, not only of Manchuria,
but of the whole of China's territory lying
north of the Great Wall, which would in-
clude Mongolia, the Province of Sinkiang
or Chinese Turkestan, apd even a part
of the Province of Chibli. If the other
Powers were to permit such a project to be
carried ont, they would, of course, be sanc-

    

tioning the dismemberment of Ohina, and
Great Britain, Germany, France and Japan
would be expected to demand, eaoh in ite
turn, a fair share of the Celestial Empire,
But every one of the Powers which have
taken part in the expedition for the rellof
of the legations—we do not exoept Kussia—
has officially disclaimed any intention
of making the present crisis @ pretext
for the further mutilation of the Middle
Kingdom. If that declaration was sincere,
how can Russia now be suffered to adopt a
course of action inconsistent therewith?
‘The other Powers have better grounds for
inviting Russia to allow all questions grow-
ing out of the Boxer outbreak to be settled
by a Conference than they had to call upon
her in 1879 to submit the Treaty of San
Stefano with Turkey to the Berlin Congress
for revision,

We shall continue to doubt the intention
of Russia to disturb the unity of purpose,
which has lately characterized the action of
the allies in China, until the assertion made
by the commander of her soldiers in Pekin
shall have been distinctly confirmed by the
St, Petersburg Government. The despatch
of very large forces to the Far East, not

only by the Siberian” railroad, but
also by the sea route from Odessa
via the Suez Canal, is not necessarily

inconsistent with the willingness of late
professed by Russia to see China's terri-
torial integrity preserved, Recent incidents
on the Siberian frontier and on the line of the
trans-Manchurian railroad have demon-
strated that far larger bodies of troops
are needed in those quarters for the
protection of Russian interests than has
been hitherto supposed. The time has
gone by when a troop of Cossacks could
rout a Chinese army. Uprisings in Man-
churia may recur at any hour, even if the
present troubles should be temporarily
allayed, and it is manifest that, if communt-
cation by iand with Port Arthur {s to be
made secure, every railroad station south of
the Amur River will have to be strongly
garrisoned. It remains to be seen whether
the forces now under orders for Manchuria
are needlessly large for purely defensive
purposes, and may justly, therefore, excite
suspicion as to Russia's ulterior designs.

Himself the
Issuc.’’

‘vhe Hon. W. E. Enauies of Indiana, ina
Jetter explaining why he will vote for
McK INLBy, desoribes the ‘‘ paramount issue
in this campaign, that overshadows and
overwhelms all others,” to be Bryan him-
self. ‘Of his own volition,” proceeds Mr,
Enouisn, Bryan “‘now, as tn 1896, stands
before the safe, conservative, order-loving,
law-abiding citizens of the Republic as the
appointed and selected representative of all
that they most fear in our beloved political
system and all that {s dangerous, menacing
and threatening to law, order and good gov-
ernment."’

That expresses exactly the sentiment of
all tho more intelligent and reasonable of
the American people, whether Democrats
or Republicans. Mr. Encuisn himself is a
Democrat of long standing, is the only son
of the late W1LL1AM HaYDEN ENGLIsH of
Indiana, who was the Democratic candidate
for Vice-President on the ticket with Gen,
Hancock in 1880, and himself has served as
a Democratic Representative in Congress
and as chairman of the Democratic Com-
mittee of his county during two important
campaigns. The attitude of Mr. ENoLIsH
toward Bryan's candidacy and his reasons
for repudiating it as a Democrat are the
same as those of Gen, PaLMeEn, Mr. Hewitt,
Mr. ELueRy ANDERSON and multitudes of
other Democrats who have made known
their views publicly or privately since the
renomination of Bryan on the revived and
reaffirmed Chicago platform. It is enough
for them that the candidacy and the doo-
trines and theorles whose promulgation
drove away so many thousands from the
Democratic party in 1896 are now repeated
{n 1900,

It does not matter to them that Brran
presents himself in one guise to the “anti-
imperialists "’ at Indianapolis and in another
to the Populists at Topeka. It is enough
that he especially is again the candidate of
the Democratic, Populist and Silver Repub-
lican combination as the most complete rep-
resentative of the dangerous political doo-
trine which the fusion was formed to propa-
gate and put in practice. Under such cir-
cumstances no reasonable man on either
side needs to be told what is the “ para-
mount issue'’ in this campaign, for he
knows, as Mr EnoLisn knows, that ft fe
Bryan himself. He ts as much the para-
mount {issue as AlTaRLD would be that
{issue if he had been nominated, or Dens,
or Most, if one of them had been selected
at Kansas City.

If the Kansas City Convention had de-
sired and meant to make a new paramount
issue, of ‘‘imperialism,"’ for instance, it
would have nominated a new man to repre-
sent it. So far from doing that, {t took
pains to repeat and emphasize particularly
the Chicago demand for free silver at the
ratio of 16 to 1 without the ald or consent of
any other nation, at the acknowledged dic-
tation of Bryan, whom {ft then proceeded to
make its candidate. It was obliged to make
the platform to suit the oandidate. The
one issue which commanded the interest of
the convention was this Bryan issue and the
sole reason for his nomination was that he
represented it and was known to everybody
in this country and the world as represent-
{ng it more fully and more absolutely than
any other man.

Bryan himself was made the paramount
{ssue before the convention and the votes
of the people next November will be given
on him as the issue and on no other. In
1896 Bryan was eimply a political accident,
nominated by an hysterical convention and
unknown to the people. Exactly what was
the meaning and What would be the practi-
cal consequence of his revolutionary theo-
ries was then little understood. They had
been sprung on the country. Compara-
tively few men had thought at all on the
subject. Before the campaign of 1896
was over, however, that ignorance was
dispelled by BRYAN himself and by the argu-
ment and demonstration of his oppo-
nents, among whom was included the
best intelligence of the Democratic party.
He linked himself so thoroughly with the
doctrine to which the nominal Democratio
party had been committed that it became
known and is still known specifically as
Bryanism, Except as its prophet he has no
reputation

By his renomination, therefore, BRYAN in
himself was made the paramount issue of
the campaign of 1900, an issue as to which
popular conviction was settled, whereas
four years before the public mind was in
doubt and seeking information on which to
form a judgment.

BRYAN, as everybody now understands,
means revolution, economical, financial and
judicial, and if the people turned from it in

Bryan Paramount

have disposed them to favor any desperate
experiment, they ought to be the more de-
termined in their repudiation of ft now after
four y of almost unexampled prosperity
because of ite defeat, The paramount lesue
then, it becomes more paramount now when
ite again put forward to a public which
has been brought to understand exactly
what it means.

This, as we havo said before, isthe ex-
planation of the apparent apathy of the
present campaign as compared with that of
1806, It is the threshing over of old straw.
But it wae demonstrated four years ago
that Brraw represents in his political fusion
a multitude so enormous that the hostile
judgment of the great majority of the
American people cannot expect to assert
itaelf successfully next November unless it
is again aroused to united action against the
united enemy.

Mr. ENGLIsa, a Demoocrat, therefore,
does good service to his country in calling
upon the “ safe, conservative, order-loving,
law-abiding citizens of the Republic’’ to
face squarely the one ‘' paramount issue in
this campaign, W1L1.1AM JgNNINGS BRYAN
himself, as the appointed and selected rep-
resentative of all that they most fear in
our beloved political system and all
that is dangerous, menacing and threaten-
ing to law, order and good government.”
The issue to be decided does not con-
cern a difference of opinion as to
some phase or detail of economic and
financial policy, such as we have had in past
political contests, but goes to the very root
of the whole system upon which the sub-
stantial welfare of the American people
rests. BRYAN means a radical revolution,
the substitution of an exploded experiment
for established and demonstrated ectnomio
and financial principles, That is what he is
here for and only that,

 

Dolliver in the Senate.

The political promotion of JONATHAN
Prentiss Dowurver of Iowa has come
promptly and in an unexpected way. We
think that most Republicans and Americans
who know the man will be glad of it.

Do..iven goes to the Senate by Governor
SHAwW's appointment to fill the vacancy
occasioned by the death of Senator GEaR.
The unexpired term runs to March 3, 1901.
The election of Mr. Douirver by the Iowa
Legislature next year for the full term of
six years running to 1907 is about as certain
as anything ahead in politics canbe. He
{s bound to make his mark as a Senator.
A long prospect of conspicuous and useful
publio service in high station therefore
opens before Mr. DoLiivEer.

The selection of Do.iiver by Governor
Lesuie M. SHaw, who fs himself credited
with Senatorial aspirations, and whose
term as Governor ends next January,
deserves a word here. Not only has Gov-
ernor SHaw put a rival candidate in the
way of holding for an indefinite time in the
future one of Iowa's two seats, but he has
also greatly weakened, if not destroyed,
bis own chance of obtaining later the other
feat when Senator ALLISON shall retire,
{nasmuch as Governor Saaw and Senator
Do.itver both live in the sane part of the
State, and even in the same Congress dis-
trict. It seems to have been a remarkable
and perhaps very unusual deed of impartial
and unselfish justice, amounting to political
chivalry of a high degree.

Recently when it became THR SUN's
duty to say that Mr. DoLLIver was not
in its opinion the best man for the Republi-
can Convention at Philadelphia to put on the
ticket with McKrnugy, we expressed the
belief that in the natural progress of his
career he would be transferred from the
House to the Senate Chamber in another
way than by election as Vice-Presi-
dent. That has now occurred, and the
result is better in all reapecta—better for
the country and the party, and better for
Dotirver. He has energy, an engaging
personality, real intellectual enterprise,
and a talent for exposition in effective
phrases which amounts almost to genius.

Mr. DoLLrvEeR will be one of the notable
orators of the Senate; and the faults of
exuberant youth and a too facile larynx
will probably fade as experience comes
and oharacter mellows in the Senatorial
atmosphere,

 

A Jeremiad on Athletio Girls.

When American girls took generally to
outdoor exercise some twenty or twenty-
five years ago it was a common impression
that they were merely falling in with the
long-established habits of English women,
and that it was desirable that they might
approach in some degree the robust figure
and blooming healthfulness of the British
maiden. The latter's physical superiority
and her custom of taking protracted and
vigorous exercise were not even questioned.
It {s somewhat of a shock, therefore, to
find one T. P. W. in the Scottish Review
assailing the athletio woman, the girl who
tries to develop her muscle.

“The outburst of athletics among the
middle and gentlefolk circles,” we learn
from him, “is scarcely over a dozen years
old.” We had imagined it to be somewhat
older. Golf, to besure, asa common game
in which women’s share {s young; so is the
safety bicycle for women to ride. But lawn
tennia was the fashion twenty years ago
and more and before that women had
climbed in the Alps, and ridden to hounds
and tramped long distances in heavy-soled
shapeless, English shoes. Dr Vernon,
surely, was as natural and desirable a young
woman in the fancy of the youths to whom
she was first made known as she was to
the later generations that fell in love with
her. The “outburst” perhaps may be of
more modern forme of athletics for women,
among which T. P. W. tells us are fencing,
polo, hockey, cricket and football, and he
draws from JUVENAL a stirring description
of the athletic Roman woman preparing
for the arena. There is probably no
healthy little girl who has not at some
time played cricket or baseball or hockey
or even perhaps football with her brothers
and other boys; there have been, too, ag-
glomerations of unfortunate women who
have gone through the form of playing
these games for money; but that the games
are common among the young women
belonging to “the middle and gentlefolk
circles” it is rather hard to believe. If
they are it is a secret that has been kept
unusually well.

Athletics, however, have undoubtedly
grown in popularity among fashionable
women of late years, or, as T, P. W. pute it:
“ Boisterous bodily exertion is enshrined in
the modern young lady's creed and ambi-
tions, as at once ‘the correct thing‘ and the
chief thing in life worth living for.” To show
how wrong and injurious this is he relies
on Mias ARABELLA KENEALY, “ doctor of
medicine, with a large grasp of her subject
and a potent pen.” Dr. KENEALY has
written several articles warning women

alarm in 1896 when almost unexampled , against the excesses to which they are
business and, industrial depression might | prone in taking exercise. She does not

a
ow

THE SUN, SUNDAY, AUGUST 26, 1900

like to see in the newspapers the pictures
of women prize winners, or women's rec-
ords, She thinks that the oultivation of
muscle is at the expense of more womanly
faculties, and she objects to it moreover on
physiological grounds, “It is a physiologi-
cal fact that muscle vigor is no test even
of masculine health,” she says, “Athletes
die proverblally young.”

More serious is the physical change in
the modern muscular woman. She has
lost her sensitive complexion, “She in-
clines to be distinctly spare. In her even-
ing gown she shows evidence of joints
which had been adroitly hidden beneath
tissues of soft flesh, and already her modiste
has been put to the necessity of puffing and
pleating, where Nature had planned the
tenderest and most dainty of devices. Her
movements are muscular and less womanly,
Her voice is louder, her tones are assertive.”
She grows up less broad at the hips and
longer in the legs, which Dr, Km@NnRALY
looks upon as “a degeneration of her es-
pecial physical organization” and tending
to incapacitate her from fulfilling her proper
functions as a mother of children, “The
athletic woman passes through the human
epochs of love making, marriage and
motherhood with the most astounding
insensibility, She has lost her capacity
for feeling.”

lt would be interesting to know how
generally Dr. KENEALY'’S physiological
deductions are accepted by medical men.
That they hold good in specific cases is
doubtless true. Women injure them-
selves by excessive bicycle riding, for
instance, just as girls occasionally drop
dead while skipping rope or waltzing.
But that any marked organic change is
taking place in the great body of women
who take much exercise is, we should
imagine, open to question. The great mass
of child bearers of Europe, the peasant
women, are certainly subjected to more and
severer muscular strain every day than the
most enthusiastic devotees of «thletics in
“ middle and gentle-folk circles."

Furthermore, the change in personal ap-
pearance, the loss of womanly sensibilities
and feminine ways, and the decline in good
manners, her critica say, have made the
athtetic girl unattractive to men, who may
acoept her as a companion but cannot
think of her as a wife. Where do these
crusty heretics keep their eyes? Have
they watched sweet-and-twenty swing
the golf club or handle the racquet? In
this glorious summer weather on links and
tennis courts, wherever two can pedal side
by side, on mountain side and seashore
she is gathering in her full share of mascu-
line scalps. What athletic pastime has
been devised in which both men and women
could share that did not become the occa-
sion for singing the one song that has been
sung without a break since Eve bit into the
apple of knowledge?

Perhaps some ‘‘Jegs have grown longer,”
some women may have taken up mannish
ways for a while, but it leaps to the eyes
that the open-air life and the athletic pas-
times which society has taken up have
made its girls stronger, more healthy and
not a whit less pretty or lovely than they
used to be.

A Grave Injustice Remedied.

The case of the Hon. JecnonzaH D. Hex,
editor of the Terre Haute Gazette, who
regards Mr. Bryan's Indianapolis speech
as “supreme, a majestic statement of im-
mortal truths,” is getting much notice
from literary critics. Who is this man,
so ripe in judgment, 60 conservative and
correct in taste, so guarded and powerful
in expression? Will he lecture here? Wil
he become Professor of Criticism in such-
and-such a college? Will he write an
article or a book? The Post Office at Terre
Haute will have to be enlarged if Col.
Hvx continues to live in that privileged
town.

We owe and joyfully pay him an apology
for an error which has caused much trouble
to the Post Office people and others.

By a heterophemy never to be regretted
enough, we spoke of him as the editor of
the Terre Haute Express, an excellent
Republican journal to which, however,
we don't see our way to apologize, To
receive for some days a great man’s mail,
to be allowed to wear his purple robe is
an honor the giver of which deserves from
the receiver not blame but thanks. But
in what spirit of humility equal to the
offence shal] we approach the mighty victim
of the unmeant wrong? .Had we the pens
of the only Hux and the only Bryan, we
could make a majestic etatement of an
immortal apology. But language faints.
The trembling hand will not perform ita
office. We can only say to Col. Hux:
* Forgive us.”

Some rash fellow altered a word or a
letter in one of SHELLEY'S poems, where-
upon Mr. SWINBURNE, whose prose style
seems founded upon that of Col. Hrx,
said words to the effect that “a thousand
years of purgatorial fire were punishment
insufficient to fall upon his deaf and des-
perate head who committed this crowning
outrage.” Our outrage was a _ million-
fold greater; but the will was wanting,
We were careless, but without malice pre-
pense. May we be forgiven!

It gives us pleasure to say that Col,
Hex's first comment upon the Indianapolis
speech now seems to him“ cold and lacking
in enthusiasm.” The speech that “in all
the elementa of greatness stands supreme”
now stands supremer, “We sincerely
trust,” says the paramount admirer of the
Paramount, “every American will read
that speech and compare it with the Decla-
ration of Independence, the Constitution of
the United States and whatever in song
and story has justice and right and free-
dom for its theme.”

Publish an edition of it with the. notes
and remarks of Col. Jecnonian D. Hux
and see which is really supreme and incom-
parable, the text or the commentary.

 

 

The anti-imperialists feel that unless they
can make out ABRAHAM LINCOLN to have been
on their aide, they are lost. The IJndianapolia
Sentinel is particularly zealous after LINCOLN.
So we will print for comparison what it says of
LINCOLN now and what it said of him in the
first Democratic anti-imperialist campaign,
back tn the Civil War:
ANTIIMPERIALISM IN

1900,

**No more infamous slan-
der could be conceived
than the charge that LIn-
COLN was an imperialist.
Every word and every
act of his herole life.
stamps the charge with | empire. We implore pa-
falsehood. He would have | triotic and Intelligentmen
despised imperialism as to pause and reflect and
un-American and im-j| give their verdict on
moral. He would never Tuesday nest. If the
have governed a people people will not save their
@gainst thelr consent.” priceless Constitution and

Mnion, it 1s lost."

ANTLIMPERLALISM IN
1864
| “Should Mr. Lixcoun
be retlected the revolution
| will be secomplished.
‘This will be no longer a
republic of the United
States, but a consolidated

 

If BRYAN ts elected # business panic will ens
Springfeia Union - Laaotuad

This is the argument of " base commeroial-

fem."’ There speaks the acoursed votes of
greed. Let us feed upon
Let us remember how happy Barax’s
would make the Hoa, Em1i10 AQUINALDO.
“The United States for the United States" |e a
selfish principle, “The United States for the
Tagalog bandits " is the proper thing In princi-
ples. ‘To fear a business panio is to put the
dollar above the man,

The farmer does not portécipate in the benefits of
any Truat.—Col. BRYAN.

Well, it’s not for want of good will. He tries
hard enough and organizes Trusts on bis own
hook.

It is a pleasure to notice the rapid growth of
the so-called third party. The cominittee &p-
pointed to make arrangements for a meeting in
Carnegie Hall consists of eleven persons, two
more than‘the Indianapolis convention of the
party. This is remarkable progress. The two
doren mark may be reached at any time.

 

Shall we vote for Empire, bred of the Trusts tt.
Louls Republic.

fo the Trusts must be the paramount iesue,
‘They are the Money Trust. They produee the
Empire. Exit Empire. Reénter the Ootopus.

 

THE CHINESE SITUATION.

News from Pekin comes down to Monday
last, but adds little to what is already known
of the situation there. It, however, confirms
previous statements to the effect that the Im-
perial palace grounds, in which it is said there
are several regular Chinese commands, are
surrounded and the gates are closed, At the
time the despatch was eent, it lad been de-
cided by the allied commanders that as re-
gards the palace matters should be left in statu
Quo, probably until definite tnatructions were
received from the various Governments.
The Russian commander, it is again alleged,
had interdicted communication between the
allied commanders and the Chinese author-
ities, which had caused the impression that
Russia had separated iteelf from the other
Powers and intended assuming an independent
attitude, There may, however, be other mo-
tivesfor this action of the Russian General.
The German Imperial Commissioner, Dr. Mumm
von Schwartgenostein, is about to arrive at
Taku with a strong naval escort, and the
German contingent for Pekin will have been
considerably increased, The outrages against
the foreign envoys having begun by the
killing of the German Minister, there
seems good reason why the first com-
munication with the Chinese authorities, if
there are any stillin Pekin, should be through
the representative of the country which was
the first outraged in the person of ita Minister,
Meantime our own Government, in view of
the obscurity tn which the international eltua-
tian is involved, has very properly and ju-
diciously taken measures to ascertain the views
of the European Governments on the whole
Chinese question. Its action takes the form
of an identical note suggesting the advisability
of a common understanding as to certain
features of the present situation, particularly
as to who shall be recognized as empowered
to treat for the Chinese Government. In
England there is a strong effort being made
to have Li Hung Chang set aside on account
of his alleged leanings toward Russia, and
the German Government has already refused
to recognize him or his powers, while Rus-
sia's attitude is uncertain. Whatever the
replies to the note about to be presented to
the European Foreign Offices by the Amert-
can representatives at the different capitals,
the Interest of Amerioan trade and enterprise
demands that steps should be taken to protect
the acquired treaty rights of this country
in China, whether the outcome of the situation
is a partition or the Egyptianising of that coun-
try under international control.

Shanghal and Hong Kong are sending out
reports about other parts of China of an alarmist
character, to which, however, too much im-
portance should not be attached. They are
not likely in any case to influence the Govern-
menta of the Powers in their decisions, as these
will be arrived at on general principles and
without regard to local circumstances, The
report from Hong Kong, for instance, of Black
Flags marohing on Pekin from a distance of
some fifteen hundred miles has no sense from
either a political or military point of view.
The real interest of the situation lies at Pe-
kin and in the attitude of the European Pow-
ers toward China and wward each other
The whereabouts of the Emperor, Empress
Dowager and Government {s not yet known, or
if known, made public, and there is apparently
on the part of the European Powers no im-
mediate anxiety to enter intorelations with
them. Li Hung Chang ts reported to have
gone north, presumably for Pekin or some
other convenient point, such as Tientsin, where
he will be ready to treat in the name of his Gove
ernment.

 

 

IN SOUTH AFRICA.

The campaign against Gen, Botha has come
mencoed under the personal direction of Lord
Roberts, the British advance being made by
several roads, One movement is by the road
from Ermelo to Barberton by part of Gen,
Buller's force, thegsther is along the railway,
On Friday the Bri occupied Belfast, a short
distance to the westward of
and the Boers were holding the ridges of Bele
fast and Dalmanthua, from the latter of which
@ road leads to Lydenburg. The fighting
about to take place will be of con
siderable interest, on account of the expeoc-
tations that have been formed of the re-
sistance likely to bo made by the Boers in this
region. itis broken and mountainous, abound-
ing in eltuations where well-armed, resolute
men should be able to hold their own against
heavy odds, and has the advantage of being well
watered. With the Boers /t is not now so much
a question of supplies and ammunition, for
these they are known to bave in abundance,
but of numbers and endurance The treat
ment to which the burghers of the Free Btate
and Transvaal who have submitted or sure
rendered have been subjected, offere them no
inducement to those in the field to capitulate
now; and {t hardly needed President Kracer's
warning that every step they retired now was
a step nearer to 8t Aelena or Ceylon.

There is something mysterious about the
movements of Gen. De Wet, who is said to have
returned south of the Vaal. Should he have
done so, he must have some object that will
appear later; but he has been so muoh of
a will-o’-the wisp to the British Generals that
they are never sure of him. The State Artillery
officer, Cordua, who was convicted on the evi-
dence of a British police agent named
of ,having organized a plot to abduct Lord
Roberts, has been shot, and, according to Tan
SUN correspondent at Pretoria, met his death
bravely. A leading London aatl-Boer paper
commenting on this incident cannot believe
that Lord Roberts willingly confirmed the
sentence, but thinks it was ordered from the
Colonial Office.

 

The Waist tn the Street,

To THE EDITOR OF THE SUN—Sir:
As I walked along I passed a crowd—
An eddying, rubbering swiri,
And I stopped a man and asked him why.
He replied: *' "Tis a net gaist wir.”

“*Tis what?" said 1, and he looked abashed—
Like a guilty bird from jatl—

“The fad, yous quite the thing
“This ect nursed wall.”

His face grew blackand his smile died out,
His lip began to curl

“Why, dammit, man, you know what I mean—
It's a wet galst nirL"’

1 glowered back indignantly,
While bis arms worked like a flail

‘The sweat streamed down his erimson face,
As he yelled: ‘A wet nursed gale."

The poor man danced as in mortal pain,
His mind was to a whirl,

‘Till at length he sbrieked with thankful joy:
“*Tisa NET WAIST GIRLI"

FORREST Heats.
JERS a OIry, Aug. 24

 

  
 

SOUND MONBY—SOUND BUSINESS.
—

‘The Measure of Value Must Possess the Groat
eat Valac- Gold the Beet Money Material~
Dangers From Free Silver How Wase
Earners Would Soffer by Bryan's Triamph.

The following discussion of money is one of
the documents now being circulated by the Ke-
publican Campaign Committee. It shows the
disaster that would come with free aliver, to
whioh the Democratic party 1* pledged by two
successive platforms and a candidate repre-
senting that idea solely.

Money is anything which serves by common
consent, and with or without the help of law,
as a measure of the values of commodities and
&@ means for making exchanges of them easy.

We measure the length of cloth by the yard,
and the weight of sugar, flour, butter, &e., by
the pound, saying that a piece of cloth is so
many yards Jong, and that a particular quan-
tity of sugar, butter or flour welghs #o many
pounds. In like manner, since these oom-
modities have different values, we express
the value of each of them by saying that cloth
is worth so many dollars and cents per yard,
and sugar, flour and butter s0 many cents,
or hundredth parts of a dollar, per pound.
Dollars and cents are the common measure of
value, as the yard and {ts fractions are of length,
and pounds and ounces are of weight.

To be a measure of value, money must itself
possess value, just as a measure of length
must itself have length to measure length, and
a measure of weight must have welght to meas-
ure weight, If a yardstick had no length,
We could not use it to measure cloth with, and
if a pound had no weight, we could not weigh
anything with it, In the same way, if a dollar
had no value, a million dollars would be worth
no more than one, and no one would accept
a million of them in payment for his commodi-
ties any more willingly than he would one.

The dollar which, with its fractions called
cents, is the measure of value in this country,
consisted at first both of 871% grains of pure
allver and of 24.75 grains of pure gold. This
made the silver in the silver dollar weigh fifteen
times as much as the gold in the gold dollar;
and hence it is sald that the ratio of the two
metals was 15 to 1. Afterward, in 1834, we
reduced the weight of gold in the gold dollar
to 28.2 grains of pure gold, or 25.8 grains of
gold nine-tenths fine, leuving the silver dollar
at $711{ grains of pure silver or 412)4 grains of
silver nine-tenths fine. This changed the
mint ratio of the two metals to about 16 to 1,
at which it has ever since remained.

The reason for the change was that at 15 tol
gold was undervalued in comparison with its
value in Europe, so that it was all exported
and left us only silver dollars for use as money,
but the ratio of 16 to 1 was too much in favor of
gold, and undervalued silver. Hence, silver
became worth in Europe more than we allowed
for it, and was in turn exported, leaving us
only gold coin,

From 1884 down to 1878, the ellver dollar
was worth $1.06 in gold, and consequently
ceased to ciroulate as money; #0 that in 1878
we repealed the law authorizing ita coinage,
supposing {t would never again be wanted.

In 1878, however, silver had so fallen in value
that the 16 to 1 ratio overvalued it, and then
we recommenced coining it on Government
account and have continued it, until now we
have coined 500,000,000 allver dollars, of which
66,000,000 are in actual use and the rest are in
the Treasury, being represented by certificates
payable in silver dollars on demand. :

It has been shown that whatever is used as 4
measure of value must itself possess value,
because, if it did not possess value, nobody
would give iu exohange for it anything val
uable, More than this, the things used for
money must not only have a value, but they
must be generally noceptable. They must
pass readily from hand to hand; because if a
man could not get rid of them when he wanted
to, he would not tgke them. This was the
trouble with cattle, fron, brass, tobacco, skins
and wampum; and it is now the trouble with
allver,

Tea circulates in Asia and salt in Africa be-
cause everybody can use these commodities,
and therefore everybody accepts them. Their
defect is that they are lable to damage by
keeping. Tea loses its favor in time, and ealt
is injured by dampness. Thgy are, besides,
bulky and take up a great deal of room.

Gold, now, besides possessing value, is accept-
able all over the civilized world. It loses
nothing by keeping, it is of small bulk in pro-
portion to its value, it can be cut up into small
pieces and then melted together again without
lose of weight, and it can be buried {n the ground
for centuries and come out as good as ever.
Bilver has some of these qualities, but it is
bulkier than gold in proportion to ite value,
it tarnishes more quickly, and latterly it has
been produced so abundantly that ita value,
as we know, haa fallen more than one-half from
what it was formerly. flence it has been die-
carded as @ measure of value by ali European
nations and by the United States. As has
been sald, we discarded it really in 1884 and by
Act of Congress in 1873. Since 1873 gold has
beeo fn this country, as it is in Europe, the only
recognized standard by which the values of
other things are reckoned.

The Democratic party does not deny that,
gince 1873, the gold dollar has been the only
measure of vahio in use in this country, and
that elace 1870 all contracts for the payment
of dollars have been virtually made for the
payment of gold dollars. Even during the
suspension of coin payments, from 1862 to 1870,
the country repeatedly promised to redeem
the groenbacks in gold, and everyhody who
took and gave greenbacks did eo with the knowl-
edge that they would, as soon as possible, as
they were in 1879, be made as good aa gold,

Tt fs true also that, as has been already sald,
the Government began fn 1878 to coin silver
dollars at the ratio of 16 to 1, and to make them
a legal tender the same as gold dollars, but it
coined them slowly and under a pledge to keep
their yalue equal to that of the gold dollan
Thus far the pledge haa been redeemed, because
the amount of silver dollara is comparatively
emall, and they are recetved, like gold dollars,
in payment of dues to the Government, which
in one single year more than equal them
in amount. While there are altogether only
600,000,000 of them in existence, the Governe
meant collected from the people last yoar $000,-
000,000.

SILVER WOULD FLOW TO OUR MINTA,

The Democratic party proposes now to throw
the coinage of silver at the old ratio of 16 to1
open to everybody, and let everybody who
chooses bring to our mints what is now 47 cents
worth of silver and get back for it a ailvor dollar,
There is in the world already enough silver
to make 4,000,000,000 of our dollars. The Rank
of France alone has enough for 250,000,000;
Germany enough for 100,000,000, and the silver
mines of various countries are already pro-
ducing 166,000,000 ounces a year which would
add over 200,000,000 dollars to the mass, to say
nothing of the increase of their output whtoh
would follow the offer to coin the metal without
Mimit into dollars as available for the payment
of debts as gold dollars are.

That the effect of the coinage of thie immense
amount of silvor dollars would he to reduce
their value to that of the metal in them, that {is
to say, to 47 per cent. of the value of the
present dollar, is evident.

WAGE-EAKNERS WOULD 8UFTER.

The man who had lent out $1,000 in gold,
or taken notes to that amount for property
sold by him, would get back $1,000 In money
which would enable him to buy no more than
he oould"have bought with $470 when he lent
the $1,000 or sold the property on credit for
$1,000. In the same way the meohanic, the
laborer, the clerk and every man, woman and
child receiving pay for services would find his
or her compensation, though apparently the
same, really cut down by the rise in the prices
of everything that they had to buy —food, fuel,
clothing, especially-to less than one-half
of what they had been. In order to live aa well
as they did before they would have to insist
on higher wages, and though they would get
them in the end, they would have to fight for

   

them and go through all the mery and tarmot)

of atriken.
WOULD REDUCE SAVINGS ANK prrosrra,

The immensity of the valus which the un
Umited colname of the slive’ doar would destroy
can hardly be computed) fhe Government
bonda alone which would je payable in silver
amount to $700,000,000; tf bonds of railroad
companies to $3,000,000,000;)i he bonds secured
by mortgages on real es to 81,000,000,000;
the notes held by banks @ $5,000,000,000—be.
sides book dobta, and thing) that kind to an
unknown extent, Above a) the $2,500,000,000
of doposita in savings bank due to 6,000,000
depoaltors would be reduce more than op~
half, sweeping awuy the @vings of years,
What privations, suffering general misery
would follow, any one can Juge for himself,

The unlimited coinage of he silver dollar
would, therefore, benefit no o§ but those whe
happened to owe money wha it began, and
even these, as soon as their dbts were paid,
would be in the same condtia as the reat of
the community, Creditors an\ wage-earners
would, on the other hand, be rohed of millions

  
 
  

and never get them back. Whip the changa,
too, from gold to silver was goik on business
would be in confusion, there wold be no end
of quarrels between debtors creditors,
and we might even have a fin\ndal pania
worse than any which the country bu herotos
fore experienced,
THomas Hivrerocr,

“Matthew Mrshal?
FOR SUPREME COURY

One Result of Bryan's Election—And toncoe@
Arkansas for Secretary of the Tresary,
From the St. Louis Globe-Demoort,

CHICAGO, Aug. 21.—The first vacano in €he
United States Supreme Court after larch @
next, in case of Bryan's élection, will b gives
to John P. Altgeld.

This statement ls made without qualloation
because in the mind of Mr. Bryan then {s ne
doubt he {s golng to be elected. The cofidence
of the candidate is monumental. 80 a

r. Bryan of the result tha: he te look orm
ward to the important actsof his Aastntoes
tion, And one of the most fnportant of the
as he views it, will be his intment o ohn
P, Altgeld to a place upon (he Supreme denoh,
If the vacancy shall be that of Ghiet Jat
then Mr. Altgeld will take place of
Justice Fuller. If it shall be hat of one of the

associates, thga Mr. Altgeld will be Assplate

ustioe Altaeld.
Four years ago Mr. P an tad not the flose
Alta@el

ry
acquaintance with Alt tuat h .
With thata yaintenes has gowns ane ‘ed:
miration for Altgeld's intellectial strength, for

his ability asalawyer and for bis 6

on the side of the masses, and with Casas
iration has grown the Get ation on Mr.
ryan's part to put Altgeld ¢«n the Supreme

benoh if the oppor inity comeg to him. This

fa one of the things considered as practically

settled at Democratio beadquarprs.

t hag been umed that!
elected Mr. Altge d will be Invi
Cabinet. thie 8 improbable.
in already tains among

‘s ounfidence that Mr, A

re to be a retary, but

would be grat! with a seat ¢ oe

bench, d Mr. Bryan ie eald o be en
agrera’

 

ALTGELD

 

   
  
 
 
 

to this.
Cabinet makin furnisies div n at Demo-
cratic National Headquarters, while the mana
runt iseue’’ fn

gore await the fate of the “par
me sainds.ot the penne... {t bP Ae ~
cTa n Tkansas asp orBaa be
gre te know that the cain ha it, Chatrrvan

ones will round out his oaree: in rey
Bryan's Cabinet. The postien o! Secretary o
the Treasury is the one set apt for the Ar
kansas Senator.

   
   
  
  
   
 
   
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
    
 

Slience the Brooklyn tea.

To THE Eprrorn oF THe
you induce the infernal Brookiyn
to discontinue {ts service in the hou

twice asmuch nolse as they do
when they are full.

Now, Mr, Biltor, my proposition
itself, if you will only pause to con
no spotin Brooklyn reached by
that ts not also accessible by trolle
famons and they deserve their
therefore, should we not have pe:
mornings when we want to snatch
afternoons of sweltering heat wh
our windows open for the noise an:

Suppress the Elevated by all m
those hours when there ts nothing
Brooklyn will rise up and call you

BROOKLYN, Aug. 25.

American Silks at the Pa
" To THE Eprror OF Tue 5uN
error in your esteemed issue of »
ting to ‘Silks at the Paris Fair,"
word ‘‘satisfactory"’ to ‘‘unsatisfa:
me as expressing the belief that the
by Amerioan silk manufacturers at
1900, both im recognition of the me
uct and the awards granted them b
been ‘‘unsatisfactory.
eaten is just the soveree ts et , and I
eapass your Spa r you
will be Saal enough to make the corredion. "
The seg temen composing the Intenatimal Silk
Jury at Paris were for the most part mefy distin-
guished ability and fairness of Judgment, and should
Dot represent their final action in the wtter of

awards did 1 not testify to thie fact. Theuteome
was “satisfactory” two eve: forage of the
jury. ttainly as one of the mémbers. v6 no
disposition other than to compliment m

gues
of thejr conscientiouaness and im ity eit
understood, then, thas, the resulis have
deen quite ‘'satisfactory,” and not at unsatis-
ctory."” R LIN .
AUG 24. Secretary Silk Association of Merica.

 

What's the Matter With the Shoe ces?
To THR Evrron OF THe SUtN—S# lt haveno
tloed of late years that my shoe lices tyrn gray long
before they wear out. I wonder # the dyenow used
sinferior stuff, or whether the Might of Ume has
r bia sedaiencas of toyeh) that tivesaloneer life
to alacethan was permifted ty youth's im ‘

d. Itmay be, too, tut the vast en

boyhood allowed no thought w the niceties of dress
en that gray laces pa. uUrbeeded ro pereee
@ strenuous life. JOSHUA PEART.
New YorK, Ang. 24

The Allied for the Emperoe.
‘The greatest interest iBfelt here as to the
abouts of the Emperor 9 China.~-W
enn to THE Sun. eshinetoe Be
They had found tr way to Pekin
On a charitable ty
They bad reached & Purple ctty,
But they hadn't
Of what they wan
For the Emperor

And he it was they
As security for

Skipping ‘round the

‘There went a Russian
A pig tall down the
And he shouted as he b
Close behind the fyin

“Hae nachodlicha

Yon der went a Briton
After everything tn at
And yelling like o party
Who was going to hold
“W'ere's ‘ls bloom:
‘There a Japanese went
On bis short legs, likea
And at every hop his cag
Anxious question could
“Dokone Mikado~gr

& There a Frenchman came
On a run, and as he ran
Around the captured city
He called to every mant

“Ou est l'Emperem?” ,

There a German round the
Went a little slow, perhaps,
But at every jump he shoutes,
Like a string of thunder claps
“Wo ist dot Kaiser at?”

There a Yankee went like lightn!
Up and down and in and out,
And the sacred walls of China
Reschoed to his shout:
“Where the b--—I's bis Gib!

Thus the Allies bad it lively
All around the captured place
‘TUl the Purple city really
Got purple tn the face;
But they didn't find the party,
Notwithstanding all thelr pleaa,
And it's likely they wont find him
Tul they hunt him in Chinese, .