" OS ew lee mee oe te en bee PAs rerm s } ao

     

  

THE SUN, SUNDAY, AUGUST 26, 1900.

  
  
  
  
 
 
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
  
  
   
 
 
 
    
  
   
  

 

 

Sn = =
THE POPE AND HUMBERT I,

 

vores or sroat vests, | DEPEW BACK FROM EUROPE, | tu antnewswherunewe porters | BROADWAY TREES FELLED. Blew uotications, | __Mlew Rublientons

ernie purposes in the United Btates. Coal ia |

 

        
     

 

 

   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  

 

 

 

         
    
 

   

Contracts which by their terms are made ea the life of industrial nations, It has enabled | panna ie > 51 KNOW H

CLERD-AL YIEW OF THE MURDERED | PAYAbic exclusively tn gold coin havefrequently | We SAYS THE BYES OF THE WORLD| Groat Britain to support 86,000.00) of poople | TUNNEL CONTRACTORS BEGIN THE U DY A Re ip K j Pp LI NG A ’
ING'’S CAREER. come before the courts; but itis seldom indeed ARE ON US NOW. fn far greater comfort than 5.000.000 before the WORK OF DESTRUCTION, By Capt. M. G, White.
iaeaeaaeanines that Judges are callod upon to consider or en- om - alecover) of Its Wee Ba Tie Cioran do The famous Fngliah author has wrttten deligutfally of his sebony ay
His ‘Resistance to the Pope's Efforts to Regain | force instruments providing for the payment | Oar Wondertal Commerctal Advancement and of others nut unieas freah sources of foal auyily Residents, When Ther Seo the Open Strotehes, Kipling we the e-nicat gure, ate deserthed In the Mepteraber Wietro Mi
‘qome-Potls Leo XUI.'s Attempt to Isolate | of allver only, A recent litigation in Baltimore the Place We Have So Suddenly Taken as | can be found in Kurope there are tnealeulable Raise a Protest, and Mr, McDonald Orders tan Maigazive by a chum and classmate of the @reat writer. Thi
Italy Low Fatimate of Doad King's Char- | has revenied the existence in that city of a num- & World Power Cause Uneasiness on the frosmbilities for our product In the markets of Felling Stopped Except as Absolutely article abounds 1h fresh and amusing anecdotes of the boy Kiplin an
Continent—The Senator Is Greatly Pleased | the world Necessary, Vending Plans to Save Trees. Meinin Taide the Lights That Petey aca ae Der'e Work” wi

   

actor A Justification of the Aseussin's Act. | ber of leases made forty-elght years ago which

   

The opening for the sale of American coal

        
    

nour, Ale. S--King Humbert, who has just | stipulate for the payment of ground rent tn That Odell Is to Ran for Governor. | \, very great If the oogap carriage was ar- Under the expert strokes of a number of Series the treet envariainine fe fant, hoerephy of contemporary
ee * Initted States, each Benator Chauncey M. Depew came back | ranged the market could be seized at ono, -C i amen imported from Ver- at ts .
lawful silver money of the Un , Pp French-Canadian axem , phe HUNTING BIC CAME WITH A CAMERA,

fallen by the shot of a wretohed assassin, gave
toAhe Itallan monarchical syatem {ts character
apditaplace. Under bis relgn of twenty-two
years the House of Bavoy has formulated ita
dynastto programme, After 1870 Victor Em-
e manuel reated on hia “epic,” on the glory of
independance vegained. He dreamed of a
recone lation with the Pope on the basis of the
voi qun Tle showed a@ reserve toward the
Powers, which was marked, however, by the in-

   

from Europe yesterday on the American liner ah nae ¢ fabpinhed tet permanent cocupancy mont about twenty of the trees on Broadway

New York. [lis son Chauncey and his niece | increased household expenses for the wage | Which the members of the West End Associa-
were with him. The Senator returned In good cree and Caused pane 1 pistons. nat is lead- | tion have been trying for months to save were
’ ¢ ver ‘ « ‘oO . re
health and in his usual cheerful spirits, He tis again wil inoneane the deat of production: sent crashing to the ground on Fyidoy, in order
was met at Quarantine by the New York Central | But with coal at leas than half the price a ton | thata space mightbe cleared for the work of
tug which is his namesake and on which were a ioe One man yisot Ure# and ‘Fansportation lines | excavating for two cectiona of the Rapid Tranalt
- a tis in Burope, 1 advantages tn con he ,

eae of ome of the railroad, Tho Quaran- | tition in every industry are go chormousty cn | tuonel. When the woodsmen had finished thoir

ne Commisatoners’ boat, the State of New York, | our side as to upeot every calculation based | labora for the day two blocks on the thorough-
carried several other persons who were anxious | on previous conditions, The prospect is as | fare were stripped of the trees which had shaded

dollar welghing 17 pennywetghts and 6 grains
at least.” A purchaser of these ground rents
at public auction bid for them ut the sale ipo
the sasumption that the rents were puyable In
current money, silver or gold, no notice to the
contrary having been given; and when he dis
covered that he was bound to receive his rent ia
silver, he asked to be relieved from his bargain.
After the preparation of arguments on both

An article of absorbing Interest, deseribing the diMeuities eneountered
by an enthudastte navuralist to search of important subjects for
camera ‘Theatihoris an authority on wild animals and wild bir
and some astonishing reproductions from his photographs taken Ih
oubof the way cor.ers of (he earth ace »mpany the teat.

LITERARY LANOMARKS OF NEW YORK,
The metropolle bolds within lis borders a great number of em~elme
homes of famous authors. ‘These literary landmarks have eee Ste
ihe
made

        
   
 
      
  
  

    

collectively pletured and described, and ft is to the consideration
least known residences of the men and women who have
Ainerican (literature wh .t itis today that this article Is dey

Some Amusing Dog Stories by Marsnall P. Wilder.
DOD TAWER UE ANAS: ci

 
       
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
   
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
  
 
 
 
    
  
   

 
 

, to greet Dr. Depew. Among them was Robert | *tarUing in. its possibilities of development | the middl tl f them, and the chan
ipatqna of the Quitinal toward Lutheran | sides, the seller consented to a devree releasing | ‘ and prosperity for the United States he middie portions o ' ge , of Columbla University, contributes rifel
(h oa any and Protestant England, He loved | the buyer, In the brief‘for the purchaser his | C- Morris, the chairman of the committee of the aidty it is dy causing Our friends across made in tho general aspect was auch ne to cause college athiet ares pteedscimdnphuipabbetergtin A:

lea
Republican Club which {s making the prepara- | the Aflantic. the members of the assoclation to appeal to A NEW IDEA IN SALOONS, The problem of drunkennessand how to abolish the pernicious
n

“Politicians tn Great Britain are expecting | Cont Job McDonald t ‘) a halt
a general olection in October. All parties ontractor John B. McDonald to ca}l a halt,
pie ing for it, and all admit that fhe Wohaare This Mr. McDonald did yesterday morning, and

vative majority will be 60 increased as to al- | the axemen who were about to start {non two

most eliminate opposition. It is not 60 many -con=
ears ago when, gh ht of the power of | More blocks received érders from the oo con
r, Gladstono, t rediotion y4 wenerally | tractor to suspend thelr labors unt'l the ques-

accepted that always gov- | tion of saving the trees had been decided.

Now the aberal party esse hopeleo!
em, Now @ LAbera seerns hopeless
divided, both aa to pfinciplos and lea aranin, Yesterday property owners along Broadway, as
The Court, the aristocracy with few exceptions, | they saw the trees that had been felled carted

society, the married mep and institutions | away, expressed considerable indignation at

and the universities are with the Conservatives, .
How can a party win, they say, which has not the action of the contractor and also blamed
a single duke in its memberehis 4 Butshrewder | themselves for not moving earlier, before the

yf
atasesmon, fear stich & ais a ting mayorit y | two blocks had been oleared.
and in it the opposition see their hope. itis an | william Bradley {s the contractor for the two
interesting study for the future whether, with :
the classes practically all on one aide, some | sections of the road where the trees have been
able, aggressive and conntructive leader, may felled. The sections run from Sixtieth street to
hot array the masses on the other, with ub- | pighty-alxth street and from Eighty-sixth street
Greamed-of Radical results. a to 10éth street. Mr. Bradley would have started
BLAZE IN s on his work long ago had It not been for the de-
Fiance Al ‘ & FACTORY lay in getting steel, which has been bothering all
Eleven Firemen Overcome by Smoke From | the contractors. As it was, Mr. Bradley did not

Burning Cotton-8150,000 D 4 et the first shipment of steel tll Wednesday,
woe vere —— the he star Bushey of excavation at Six-

   

counsel pointed out that 17 pennywelglits and 6
arains of silver bullion is now worth leas than
half a dollar in gold, whereas when the
leases were executed, in 1862, just after the
enormous output of gold consequent upon the
@old discoveries in California, the allver dollar
of that weight was at a premfum.

the poopie, The taxes did not crush the peas-
int [his relatives wisdom had given com-
ineree a certain impulse, Pius 1X. himself
maintained a malestioattitude, He was await-
ne from t_me with ite powers of expiation the
return of Papal independence Just as Victor
Fmmanuel flattered himself that ciroumetanoes
would slowly oblige the Holy See to yield, at

jog! In allenee, to accomplished facta
When Leo XTIL and Humbert I, came to the
throne sithin ax weeks of each other all horas
ceomed possib'e, for every door remained open,
Neither had the Quirinal crystallized {ta doc.
ines ar dita practice Into a defined system, nor
hadthe Vatiean specifically announced its non
possuriua Teo XIIT. came to power with a
definite programme—to make peace with all
the Powers in order to foree {t later upon the
Fing. toshow, in the Interior, the advantages
ofan agreement with the Holy Sees, and, in the
etter or, to win over the Powers to the Papacy
norder to Isolate the Quirinal and to force It to
restore Rome to the Pope, When the House of
Savoy found out the fnapiration and the object
fh «crand polley it determined its own final
reeramme to form an alliance on the sea
with England, to unite on land with Germanys:
to seek supporton the dne hand from Analican-
ey) ond on the other from Protestantiem, In
‘a order to crush the internal influence of the Vat-
‘oyn and to escape en always poasible attack

from France

The foreien poliew logically took the stamp of

“ginemil" ig ing fatrway to find its souton io & novel enterprise just started in New York, Ina
beautifully lust ated ariicle in the september Metropoi.tan the projector of the ‘Twentieth Century
Saioon tells how in: uiwides ty working

BRYAN ANU MoKINLEY FAOM A PAHRENOLOGIOAL POINT OF VIEW. The fore
most phrenologist in Arnerion bas written forthe Metropolitan an entertaining article on “Preside
Bumos' and shows the dominant characteristic of each of the candidates for the place of the
Executive, No better analysis of these two great men havever before vecn given tw the publia

CHINA AND THE CHINESE WAR,
By a Man Who tlas Born in the Chinese Craie fir twenty Years,
OTHER CONTENTS are a Gallery of Beautiful Paces and Charming Poms, Curtous Phote
eraphs.tumorous Sketehes, Comic [lustrations, and an editorial department io whica each contribution
isfrom th: pen of a wellknown @ veclailis There are four short stoclés and one long story, all tilustrated
200 ILLUSTRATIONS. The September Metrovolitan, 1@ PAGES IN COLORS,
25 Cents, FOR SALE BY ALL NEWSDEKEALERS., 25 Cents,

        

tions for a reception to Dr. Depew next Thura-
day evening. Dr. Depew was taken from the
American Line pler to the foot of Forty-second
Street on the Central tug, and went to his home
to see, as ho sald, if it waa atill there.

Senator Depew said that he was mighty glad
to hear that Mr. Odell was to be the candidate
of the New York Republicans for Governor,
He seemed to think that Mr. Schieren would
make the strongest kind of a candidate for the
Lieutenant-Governorship with Mr. Odell at the
head of the tloket. “Iam going to got into the
campaign this year of course,” sald the Senator,
{n answer toa question. “I have been in every
campaign since I've been a voter, and I wilblet
you study out for yourself how long that means.”

Somebody asked him what sort of a candidate
he thought Mr. Coler would make.

“Coler will not catch any Republican votes
as a candidate for Governor,” he replied, “He
would not catch any Republican yotes as 4&
Mayoralty candidate on the Tammany ticket.
But he might be a rather formidable candidate
as an anti-Tammany candidate for Mayor.
But, after all, the matter that interests me
in the later developments over here is the duel
to the death between Croker and fill, All
plays a good game, and if he only had the
patronage which Croker has—well, Richard
would never be himself again, never.”

Senator Depew said that he found on the
Continent the most inténse interest in the

     
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  

 
   
   
         
    

 

      
 

“The late ex-Recorder Smyth,” says the
Boston Herald, “waa Lexowed, but he was a
great Judge tn his day on the criminal court
bench of New York, just the same.” This
e«timate of Judge Smyth is none too high. The
reference to the Lexow investigation, however,
should not be misunderstood. The committee
of which Mr, Lexow was chairman discovered
nothing which conetituted the slightest reproach
upon the character or career of the Recorder.
Mr. John W. Goff was one of the counsel for the
committee and the prominence which he gained
in that capacity, together with the discredit
which the investigation brought upon the local
Democracy, enabled Mr. Goff to defeat Fred
erick Smyth when his term as Recorder ex-
pired and he was a candidate ‘for redlection.
This was by no means a misfortune to the out-
going Recorder, who was subsequently chosen
to the higher office of a Justice of the Supreme
Court, which he held at the time of his death.
fle was a model Magistrate, and administered
the criminal law with firmness, accuracy,
ability, and an urbane dignity which made him
an ideal Recorder. To equal him in that office

 
     
       
  

 

   

LIVE TOPICS AROUT TOWN. representatives of a nation supposed to think
Pere of money than any other tn the world,
thought that very creditable.”

The case of young Mr. John Talmage, bara credi
was removed from the polo field at Bernards- Now that t a ty
ville to the house of a friend who thought that | thy gurtace Gas he cehasines bataee Wea Li
he was only slightly injured and then had to finished,!t seems odd that no publie co he
move out himself to make room for the doctors | ya, made during the time the were @ea — on :
and nurses required to care for his guest, WAS | pagg, 4 part of the equipment used in the
not the first of the kind known in New York operation was @ blest furnace on w on
society. Not long ago, one of the guests at ® | every night, oneeps Bandar, tee —_
dinner felt so bad when the time for departing | Cotumbus avenue resembled an tron foundry
arrived that he could scarcely get un tothe room | the state of calreme gelviy, The facast
on the second floor set apart for the men guests. | of the fuPmace wan neue Aa bak ant
When be did arrive there it was obviously | elevated railroad structure, and from {t
quite impossible for him to leave the room OF | belched forth flame, gas and ae Wee
the house that night. His hosts insisted that | ening was run constantly from midnight
he should remain with them and he went to! yoti) long after daylight and no ;

 

Fire and amoke did about £150,000 damage and | tieth street and at Eighty-ixth street. Aoccord-
half suffocated sixteen firemen yesterday after- | ing to Mr. Bradley he received no orders
noon in a six-story building at 46, 48 and 60 Seeet ee on Tet dats deatrantien oa :
Wooster street, occupied by J. Kridel, Sons & “x eplite this part of the work Mr. Bradley de-
Co., silk manufacturers, and Birkenfleld, Strauss } c ‘te to employ expert woodchoppers and four
& Co,, makers of cotton underwear, Four hun- pM og rset from Vermont and went to
dred hands are employed in the building, but | pad to be ysed to prevent the trees from falling
when the fire started it was empty, it being the | over and blocking the car tracks on both sides
Jewish Sabbath. Before the flames were dis- | of the sidewalk, and the French-Canadians

: i sliowed that they could do thelr work in a way
covered, the alarm was sentinby an automatic | that seemed marvellous to some who watched

signal, The engines arrived on the scene just | them. Thetreesrun along close to the fence

hed. Later it was necessary to send fora doctor. ort was ieee © conaer ve in ashe 7
. , egree the comfort of the residents o
Ho immediately diagnosed the tre ublo aA neighborhood, ‘The as
, ' machine w ays
appendicitis and declared the next day that@n | where it was moat convenient a th

  
 

tei yw 4 irati y t} coming Pyesidential election, Fr Ger- th rb, but they were felled so ld be necessary within a very few | tractors and that was generally ea

+e religious, Internal policy, Tt waa necessary to | May well satisfy the aspirations of the mos ming Pye ion, anee, Gere} as the smoke was breaking through the fron | along the curb, r ac- | operation wou » , , '
. away from the Vatican all hope of inde- | ambitious Judge. many aud Italy are most anxious for the election | shutters, When the firemen got to work they ee can fof them fellaiong tho sidewalk hours. There was no talk of moving the patient. Furnace compelled tee tmeies OF the bonne he ;
pendence by taking from the people thelr faith, The Torrens system of land registration | Of Bryan, They feel that his election will | found that the fifth and sixth floors were ablaze There ate about ten trees toa block atthe an it wa outof the questaho itn all. fous yess enhoose between closing the wind meand o '
I) there were no religious Atmosphere there | derived from Australia appears to continue | result tn = withdrawal of our Government | from front to back and the smoke of the burning ire ene ey me wer coe, eee, See oy passes bele Instead a month, was able to be | py ork leaving thera o and belng oho fod
would be no Roman question. Religion and | (o give satisfaction in Massachusetts, Its} from the Philippines and from all Eastern | cotton was pourtn in dense volumes down | The work on the block at Fighty-sixth street | taken back to his own house. The circum-

enterprises, They fear the competition of aiance was embarrassing for him as well as his sight th the eos hea. ‘be aap of the
our trade in the markets of the Far East and faced wat tate ile .

know that the firmer hold we get in the Orient %
the harder they will have to etrive to keep
their markets open against us, Europe ts full
of rumors that we will retire from the East,
They have not yet become accustomed to the
idea of our presence in that quarter. Our
eending troops to China to fight beside their
troops Is an absolute tnnovation tn their scheme

through the lower +» A second alarm was

sent in at once and a third and fourth followed oe ee Pr Semyioe taper nat the Dancgans

Within a short time ag the fire gained headway. | of ‘the tress was stripped of its branches, the
A water tower and twenty enginea poured ly al alt h ‘

a flood of water on the flames but f was coamen Sere Oe a. on weer oe

’ ; and ou , eh y

‘3 noe yore he tire fighters seemed t0 | their fail Astaat ag they foll they were etripped
As the water soaked into the burning cotton and caries Sve, ate eon Bienes "lean. OM ae

the smoke poured down into the lower floors, t of pa int ton .

where the firemen were working, until there eee tke celere ta sanae the week of de

aiter ‘another was -overooine., Within, ten | flroying,‘nam, came, too late to save what hes

. ar e e '»
ininutes eleven men were carried out of the Me atoad near Sixty-first atest, and the Sunk

history hod onee built up the territorial power
ofthe Pope it therefore became necessary to
prevent its reéstablishment, Hence the spolia-
tonofthe Propaganda, the Kulturkampf in all
tre forms, the abolition ofthe rellgfous aseocta-
tions, the Giordano Bruno festival, Rome de-
clorart the capital of international atheism,
ofyosive and brutal trreligiousness !n the
‘o) oola and In Hterature.

Por the same reasons the polley of alllanoes

adoption in Virginia has recently heen recom-
mended by a committee of the Virginia State
Bar Aasociation, and a movement in the same
direction has been started among tho leading
lawyers of Delaware. In Virginia the need
of some reform is evident, for, according to
a prominent member of the Richmond bar,
{t {s absolutely impossible uader tho existing
system in that State for the most careful exam-
iner of titles to have any certainty that the

8, but there was no other course possible,
fC txpbened that he had never before been # faced men and women whe toed ait
guest at this house, as his acquaintance Wi and awore an pray Who coughed, « tered
the family was slight. fron the rn ee 6 molten me tal was Swn
os e furnace in w fon,
One Long Island village unaccustomed to andlea, arried by i ee ¢ ig ble

any interruptions in the rather set way in which of ine ral oe cumpee n with about as con

{ts country visitors pess the sumumer, has had awore and shouted iple to mak _ ;

ample occasion for wonder this year. an there wasn 4 man, woman vanitd b ugh
hN : se 1000 ne to s q

divorced wife of a rich New Yorker surpris aeeeeeet frving to sleep. 8 I ther t |

 

 

i rf > jet town when
eal at i a of our place in the world. building unconscious. everal ambulances | ;yeasured nearly three feet jn diameter, Old | the regular visitors to the quiet the editor from the angry taxpayer an }
and of war against the Pope demanded the | result of his labors will show the true state “By the way.” he asked, “what's the latest | Were sent for, but the men soon revived when a nena whe “le it totter under the quick | she decided to take a cottage there; but she | appeal to the Board of Health to suppress the }
subordination of all national and popular Inter | of the title. “We have a system of registra- ? ‘hina?” ‘ they got out Into the air. The men overcome | dtrokes of the Canadians shook thelr heads tonished them when she arrived. | Nulsance,
ats to the preservation of the dynasty. Inthe | tion upon which we rely,” he saya, “but our = from ae 4 we a bor = rere: b J. SUE ot engine Sore a sadly and eae tha> it nae been at long be- + Std bag Sreceded her, and the tae
nad : » i . ‘ umperor and Empress had escap rom the | Frank Kiein, o on oD * ©) | fore the Boulevard was thoughtof. It was out | Thirty-six KB precec ‘ NEW N
(amare mich ow. of the Quena, Cova | Lene ase tae atte to dea |e of Pen. “Tha foo bad he wid, “t | Qi: aa WaeeerReberatmnalty Mites | ii toe geod remus ra gee Een i | who dalverad ten lid up ie slewinroons; | SE FINN ORDER ZROM DBTERT.
mW , : , e signatures, ¢ he : M » 0 * ‘ es of the w meu, the old tree w ‘ ite to fin
quently, there came taxes out of all proportion | or of the Magistrates, though in populous | hoped they would catch them and send them | Fireman Walter Van Born of § Truck, John one oe resistance, and hung Ay till tha last the dining room and the kitchen, on Pod . Sings the Same Old Song to the Force About
tothe productive powers of the country, eco | district ther many of the same namo, | UP.” pgwell of 58 En, ine, BS 1ael Staott of 18 ngine, root had been severed, So sturdy wag itsre- | that all the baggage could not even Enforcing the Law.
y, ricts there are s . ohn McGough of 83 Engine and Edwa sistance that the whole force of men had to tug | put into the house. The piaz7as were crowded Chief Devery has sent out another of his |

“How does England regard the coming eleo-
tion?” Dr. Depew waa asked.

“Their interest is not as acute as it was. Most
of the American securities held in England
have been sent over here to pay their debts to
us. But they seem to think that It is a foregone
conclusion that McKinley will beelected. They
do not see how the country can really desirea
change in the Administration.”

“Nineteen hundred is a very gratifying
year for an American abroad. One of the

mito Jaws which are op to all financial
policy, the emigration an@&the harshness of tax
eatherers, which has gone beyond the bounds
of belief

Buch le the work accomplished by the Savoy
monarchy In the relen of King Humbert. The
exploitation of awhole people by a dynasty has
created conditions In which disaffection and
despair grow naturally and engender in their
turn political assassination in excited brains.
Kings and States have the kind of people they

They do not show delivery of the deed, though
that Is a necessary element of a valid transfer,
They do not show the legal capacity of the
parties. They do not show the true heirs of
decedents. They give no warning of marriage
and divoree.” ‘These and other defects consti-
tute perils in the transfer of real estate which
are not confined to Virginia, In many juris-
dictions, however, ‘we believo that a delivery
is presumed from the fact that the deed is

wles of Truck 9. on the ropes to bring {t to the ground
The work wou aae7e gone on setordey pee
, wy no. Mr, MecDona nterpose a objection.
COLLECTS TYPEWRITING MACHINES, While the irees were falling on Briday the rege
tiona adopte y the Mun a ssem '
Police After a Physician Who Has Vanished a eoae the Rapid Transit omanieaioner
With a Dozen He'd Hired. to delay the work Of qscevating wat the fall
Capt. McClusky has detailed several Central | %0,hat the trees coud Oe tranapleniee ee
Office men to look for Dr. C, Henry, formerly of spe commmenee f not holding any goeeres new
[ ven! the members being out of town, no action wi!
@ West Ninoty-ninth strect, who le wanted by be taken about it for some weeks. When Con-
a number of firms who rent typewriting ma- | tractor McDonald heard about the tree cutting,
chines, The representatives of several of these | however, he decided to order the contractors

with trunks when the lessee of the —_. pink orders calling on the police to enforce the

arrived, but there was no room for her. = law, The force is familiar with the orders by

had to take refuge jn © hota pe oer this time and isn't worried by them. This one

ae, one eee enough to accommodate the | 18 to be read at three successive platoon roll

family as well as the baggage, and the New | calls, in order that the men may be properly

York woman moved in. | ut sereny se ten impreased.

m mith's rent o Pp nO

Wore MOVE Ceo was paid, Aud the local | ‘The present order directs that “proper action*
must be taken with regard to concert and

records have never before held such an account
for three days’ storage of trunks. theatrical entertainmenta; the provisions of

the liquor Bay: street walking. so-called
is

maseage establishments; street cleaning ordi-

 

 

Pau} M. Potter, who is now on his way back

 

 

found on record
feserve, Just as nations have the power which phenomena of the close of the nineteenth and | ¢rma called on Chief McClusky recently and in- | not to cut down any more unless it was abao- {two years, comes | nances; the laws relative to ara
: ' / d hia orders were obeyed. | to this city after an absence of two y . : ‘
they have stored. The H ‘ On Monday afternoon, Mr. Justice Burt] the opening of the twentieth century is the | ¢, } 5 5 t lutely ecersary, an . ; ion of | bew@ars, &o.;  nickel-in-the -sl and
hey have store ne House of Savoy has Mattice, sitting at a Special Term of the Su-| position our country has taken in two years, | © rmed him that Dr, Henry had rented machines | jf. gaid yesterday, rerarding the trees: with another purpose than the preparation of | Deke" ... a. ping

from them and not only failed to pay the rent ware avon ordare that none of the tres
i on the Bou evard aba removed*uniess they
due for them, but re oe oe oC aN aatht ipin the Way of progress, f sm
From the R, & G. Typewriter Company of | anxious to do everything in my power to pre-
220 Broadway he obtained five machines; from | serye the treas and { shall give emgie assistance
The Eugenes Headquarters of 102, Fulton | and time for the members of the Weet Side As-
street, three; from the f.8, Webster Company | sociation and other citizens interested in the
{ 817 Broadway two, and from the Typewriter | preservation of the trees to take all measures
napection Company of 200 Broadway, two, The | which they consider necessary to care for
machines are said to be worth from $35 to $65 | them.”
each. : " There |g to bea hearing !n the matter of the
Dr. Henry lived at46 West Ninety-ninth | trees at the meeting of the Board of Estima
street from Jan. 1, 1900, until about «ix weeks | on Tueedar when {t will probably be decide
ago, whan he moved {nto No.9 in the ‘ame | whether or not the board has the right to make
stest, He was not known to haye any prac- | an appropriation for the preservation of ihe
tice, though he was tenslbir aphysician. He | treas, An opinion on this point nas been aske
am R
I

his latest play, which is to be acted here next | of all kinds, faro, roulette, |‘ orap games,

winter. He is a delegate from the permanent
committee of the Congress of Theatricals and
Art which held ita meetings a short time ago

»g *xposition and is to assemble

at the Paris Exposition Mr. Potter is to , f4n-tan end nickel-in-the-slot and’ other =
again at Antwerp in a year. Mr. | (ie rechines oF aaalelan te gn:
make a study of theatrical conditions in this | or manner.’' any shape,

untry, and will make a report on theatre | “Should any such violations of law exist,”
scnanraa t Since he | the Chief directs his oaptains, “prompt and
construction and similar matters. i | Viearous action” must G6 tales waaer Reaalte
has lived in Parle, Mr, Potter has made 4 close | of charges, “to suppress them, to keep them
etudy of the theatrical conditions as they exist | guy pressed and to arrest any person or =
in France, and he was selected by the commit- | responsible for them, and will take such other
tee as the person moat capable of giving a val- | proper pollce action as the ciroums'
uable comparative report of these matters as | of the case and your duty as a co
they are to be observed in these countries, It | officer may require.”
will only surprise Mr. Potter's friends here
that he Found it necessary to make any exam-
ination of the ground before giving hie re-
ior. Nobody {s better informed on the sub-
J now than Mr. Potter, and there seems
nothing for him to learn by investivation.
Since his etay {n Europe, he has kept in con-
stant touch with the profession here and he
understands | theatri: conditions on hoth
sides of the footlights well enough to prepare
him admirably for the task he has in hand.

treated Italy lke a farm: the slaves revolt.

Humbert T. standa in history for the policy
nod the philosophy for which he must be held
espoosiile Butt fa not he who created them.
It is the dynasty, tt is the court, it is the syatem,
‘t is the fatal situation produced by the taking
of Rome, Weltoeachichte iat Weltgericht. “'Tni-
versal history is a judament day,” aay the
German historians. Careless and of me
dioere ability, a bold aportaman and hunter,
with little inelfnation for wielding power,
and wth but one passion, namely, military
wlory: lazy, extremely fond of life, the mur-
dered King might Justas well have signed a dif-
ferent political testament, If fate had not guided
hishand) The assassin's bullet did not strike a
man: {t was trying to open the first breach into
Aayatem that is destructive to the hfe and pros-
perity of a people.

Sechisthe part played by Humbert. A do-
nothing King, he allowed his dynasty to ride
after adventures, He is the Louls XV. of Italy,
and it may be her Louis XVI. as well. Humbert
1 cared so little for power and the throne that
he often repeated Louis XV.'s phrase: ‘‘After
me, the deluge’ When the insurreotion in
Sielly broke out in 1893, in talking with Signor

efore 1808 no ruler or Minister in Europe

was interested in American opinion or action,
Now the situation is the reverse. Every Cabi-
net reckons the attitude of the United States
insformulating plans. Every European nation
finds ita production enormously in excess
of its consumption of manufactured articles,
Asia and Africa are the markets. The pos-
session of them or access to them is the sum
of Old World diplomacy, operations and arma-
mente, The excellence, and in many cases
the superiority of our goods, the energy of
our traders and the cheapness of our trana-
portation re exciting _alarm. This Is
evident on the Continent, {t does not appear
in Great Britain. English, Irish, Scotch and
Welsh of all classes are intensely cordial to
fr verica and Americans. The taking of one-
valt of the British war loan in New York at

nearly 1 per cent, less than London offered
amazed Lombard Street. It pus thin ing-cape
on financiers everywhere. If New York js to
be the financial centre of the world, and our
surplus money is for loan cheaper than it can
be had eleewhere, the qven) is of pe rn test
consequence on both sides of the Atlantic. The
policy and tradition of centuries are pees
and Old Worle bankers must go to achool. If
the Governments of the Continent saw any
way to check our advance, they would adopt If,
heard more discussions, and Intelit-

ent ones as) 6to)COour home = ean-

ditions this summer than in twenty
years before. The Powers are 80
nicely balanced that our position oa Fastern

1001 rooms, policy shops, fan-tan, &c# opium

olnts and prow m: 3 wit

preme Court in Brooklyn, discharged Edward
iictures theretp, ia the atten’ oe
{ pool rooms, policy ahope,

B. Coombs from the custody of the warden of
the Kings County Penitentiary, who held the
prisoner under a commitment directing hie
imprisonment for a term of nineteen months
and that he pay a fine of $1,000. The prescribed
period of incarceration had expired. Tho
commitment contained no further command
that the convict should be imprisoned until
the fine be paid, and in the absence of such a
provision Judge Mattice appears to have held
that Coombs was entitled to be released without
paying the fine. Coombs was 4 Coroner of
Kings county who charwed and collected large
sums of money for fictitious inquests, flis
term in the penitentiary was considerably
shortened by the commutation which he earned
for good behavior. We have no criticism to
make upon the action of Mr. Justice Mattice
in practically relieving him from the imposition
of the fine; but it would be Interestiag to Know
why the person who prepared the commitment
did not draft it in suck a form as to make the
provision as to the fine effective and enforce-

able.
The late Lord Chief Justice of England,

he force direc to
aro, roulette, Klondike, pin games, crap games

moved! out of 9 West ety-ninth street | fron) the Corporation. Counsel. Contractor
about three weeks ago, t was fa Bradley said yesterday that in oconse-
hat he then occupied a room at 023 | quence of the orders received, the work of
columbus avenue, though he has not] excavating youl pave to be confined to the
bee thorefor several dare. While living in | two blocks already cleared, He thought that it
Ninty-ninth street he obtained permission 'rom | wonld be a hard matter to wore nother piace
Sdward E Baldwick, a books@ller of 276 Weat | until he knew definitely whether the 'rees coul
120th street, to have his letiers addressed to | ba cut down, and there {a likely, therefore, to
Baldwick'sstore. No letters haye been sent to | bea serious delay in that part of the tunnel
him at that address for tan days. Several | work if it is decided to wait until fall in order
months ego Henry began hiring trpe- | that the trees may, if poss le, be transplanted.
writers paying 8 in advance and (hereafter The two blocks cleared of trees have already
persuading the collectors to hold off for several | been excavated toa depth of several feet, and
months. When he and the typewriters disap- | the work in them will goon, the contractor says,
eared word was sent to Police Headquarters. | without interruption. The cut made extends
ie is described as tall, slender and dark. He } only from surb to curb between the two car
oocasionslly wears glasses. tracks. Whenasufficient depth is reached, it
———— we oxtens seven fees, Und r each ween

» . . , n this way, the progress of surface cars wi

SAYS HE'S NOT AN ANARCHIST, probably not be Impeded.

 

INCREASE IN BANK CLEARINGS,

Figures That Strikingly Disclose the Present
Prosperity of the Nation.

Bank clearings as showing the volume of
business done in the country present one of the
strongest evidences of the general prosperity
of the people, and the enormous increase in the
total of the olearings is a strong argument in

@ general discussion of the country's condi-
tion vo-ney. In 1804 the total of the bank

ings of the country for the first six months
was $22 pas, 011.468. For the t six months
of 1900 the tota

 

The credulous wife no longer objecta to the
number of cigars that her husband smokes on
the ground of their expensiveness, She is now
reconciled to his system, which is so arranged

 

 

, Simonetti one day while out hunting, he sald: . questiona is of vital importance. The one ques- : ey by 2,857 816, 6h
“re ot : . before his elevation to the bench, was counsel | ¢\,,, ia, what will the United States do in ra ina, that he not only saves but makes money by : Was $42,857,201,816, showing an
saya People doesn’t want me any more, let it | ror Mtrg, Florence Maybrick upon her trial for | and afterward tn the Orient? There is no dis- | MAR Salvatore, Bald oe Gu oh Mek Orleans | op counsm THR DOG WAS KILLED. | means of it. “When he used to buy cigars at | increase of 830 Ty igh. er the Western

will show myself on the baloony of poisoning her husband, which resulted in her | position to forcibly prevent our entrance on * retail,” she explained to a friend, “he always | first six tno tha of 1804 was 4,890,706, For

New Onueans, La, Aug. 25.—Although | Harmless Our Chased, Pelted With Stones,
the United States Secret Service agents hold Clubbed and Shot,
Ceseo Salvatore, the Italian captured yes- | 4 homeless dog which a crowd of boys had
terday, as a suspected Anarchist, the evidence | chased through the street yesterday and pelted
is against hia being one. Ceseo left Italy two | with stones until {t was exhausted took refuge
days before the assassination of King Hum- | finally in Louis Wolf's dry goods store at 431
bert and gives a good account of himself. He | palisade avenue, Jersey City. There were
tells the address of his parents in Genoa. He | ¢our clerks and three customers in the place.
says: They all jumped on the counters and shouted

“I am a laborer, 24 years old, and was born | «mad dog!” The dog ran under one of the
in Genoa, Italy. Some few weeks previous | counters, where it remained until Policeman
to the time I stowed away on the Southgate | yan Dusen appeared and dislodged it. Ags
I returned from France, I was doing manual | the dog ran into the street the ctowd that had
labor in company with other Italians and did ry vy ee Cn See nents.
not learn the language, We were in France | way to turn Van Dusen fired a shot into fie side,
about four months altogether. I did not know | The wound was not ah and the dow started

i

an equal footing into China and the Fast, but
tremendous anxiety for ua not to press the
subject, and especially not to push our prod-
ucts in competition with theirs among the
people of Asia

The United States exhibit at the Paris Expo-
sition is very impressive. It is a remarkable
chooeing of what we have done and the possi-
bility of development. We will have the largest
number of medals and honorable mentions,
The fair itself has been grossly misrepresented:
It is one of the beet industrial exhibitjons yet
given. The French are very hospitable and
perfectly fair, There is not a sign of {nj ustice,
even when their own products are in competi-
tion. There can be no well-grounded complaint
of the awarda of the juries he American
athletes carried off three-fourths of the prizes,
and the majority of the judges were French-
mnen. It was an inspiring siaht at the dinner
given them by Commissioner-General Peck to
see these modest, manly fellows from our col-
leges. They represented an exhaustiess supply
of Aiperican grit, pluck and manhood,

“We are too new for our forelen friends to

the Quirinat, I will put ona liberty cap and will
say tothem: “Good-night, my friends.’"" That
ishis whole philosophy. It is not that of his
dynasty INNOMINATO,

WANTS TO KEEP DOWIE OUT.

Chiago Lawyer Would Bar Him Oat if He
Attempts to Return Here.

‘Ricaoo, Aug, 23.—John Alexander Dowie's
erclision from the United States under the
Immigration laws, on the allegation that he

{7 Was once convicted of crime in a foreian coun-
try. New South Wales, fs being sought by Joel
W. Stevens, a Chicago attorney, and others
who were formerly identified with the “Zion”
movement, Mr, Stevens has begun the cir-

ewaton of @ petition directed. to Terence V.
Powderly, Commissioner of Immigration, seek-
ne jhe Dermanent separation of Dowie from

floc ,

The General Overseer of the Christian Cath-
lic Churoh is at present in England, where
* is inspecting lace manufactories in prep-
aration for {nstalling a similar plant at his
ropored city of Zion near Waukegan, Thence

‘isto go to Palestine.

The precedent suggested for Dowle'a ex-
clusion {s found in the recent refusal on the
part of Commissioner Powderly to allow Fitz-
hee and Mullet, convicted of the Phanix

, Park murders, to land at New York. Dowle
Nyt ® naturalized citizen of this country,
*)thongh he has lived here ten years,

conviction. The death penalty was commuted
to life imprisonment. Sinco Lord Russell's
death a Liverpool newspaper has accused him
of neglecting his client's interests, a charge
which she denounces as untrue and which ap-
pears to be wholly without foundation. Mra.
Maybrick is an American, and many persons in
thia country who are convinced of her inno-
cence have endeavored in, vain to influence the
British Government to advise tho (Queen to
pardon her. This controversy in regard to the
Lord Chief Justice has revived Interest in her
case, but it is hardly likely to prove effective.
The strong point in her behalf, as it has always
seemed to us, ia the probability that the Judge
who presided at her trial was mentally de-
ranged at the time. This was Sir James Fitz-
james Stephen, an eminent Jurist and author
of great learning and strong character, who
shortly afterward retired from the bench be-
cause he himself realized that hie mind was
becoming unbalanced, His conduct in the
Maybrick case and especially his adverse bear-
ing toward the accused indicated that there
was something wrong with his mind then.
If 80, the prisoner certainly did not have sucha
trial as the law contemplates.

The Supreme Court of Ohio has recently
been called upon for the first time to determine
what constitutes a total loss under a policy of
fire insurance, Some portions of the burned
building remained in place and undestroyed,
and wore of some pecuniary value although
not capable of being utilized in the process of
reconstruction or for purposes of repair, Tbe
court holds that this does not prevent a loss
from being tetal. “It seems to be agreed,”
says Mr. Justice Minshall, “that it is not neces-
sary, to constitute a total loss, that all the
material composing the building should be
destroyed, It ts sufficient, though some parts
of it remain standing, that the building has

mize, He boughta box at the wholesale price, corresponding territory, were §$ eee
f

1,460,
increase, 681,285. In California
and every time he took out a cigar to smoke he crease in tft clearings reported rom
ut aside the amount he would have paid if he | two oftie:, San Francisoo an Jon Angeles,
Rad bought the cigars at the retail price. The | was $196,572,4¢1. In Nebraska increane
result of this was that he had saved almost | reported from the t cities of aha, Fre-
enough when he finished the first box to buy | mont and Hastings, was $35,088,681.
himself another out of the profits on that firet The ag regate of the bank clearings of the
box. Healso made his profits out of the second, United Rtates for the month of June, 1900,
and they increased as he bought more boxes at | was $6,621,068,707
the wholesale price and always put aside what
he would have had to pay at retail, After a
while he was not only able to get his cigars at a
very cheap price, but he had a surplus that
made the olgars cost him nothing, So there is
no reason why any man should not smoke
cigars, 20 long as be manages it as well and
economically as my husband did

 

 

 

Skeleton of an Indian 7 feet @ Inches Tall,

Cuicaao, Aug. 25.—The skeleton of a giant
who, when he walked the shores of Lake Miohl-
gan, stood 7 feet and 4 inches in his moccasins,
was discovered in Rogers Park yesterday.
Joseph and Charlies Everett, two_hoys, made
the find and reported ft the Rogers Park

olice station. Dr. John Klein, one of a search-
ne party ceclared that the skeléton was that
ofanInd{an chief. Further search disclosed,
among other things, $ ope knife, arrow-

gol da moceasina

 

Transatlantic travellers who have suspected
the existence of card sharpers on board steam-
ers have often wondered why their pres-
ence was tolerated by the officials of the
vessel and there have been cases in which
complaint was made to the captain and certain
passengers were notified that it would be the
part of wisdom for them to keep out of the
games in the smoking room. Such an intima-

on a run toward Griffith street. There it was
the slayer of King Huinbert. I did not leave e leecerited by Policeman Werlgrd. ona
a

Italy for fear of being arrested and knew noth- | ,nocked it over with a club. Then Van Dusen
. ing of the killing of the fing until I reached | came up and ey the dog dead. As far as
catch on to all our national creeds. The band | this place. The ship left Italy two days before | could be learned the dog did not try to bite
in one of the restaurants at the Exhibition | th Hing aras killed. lhave nin ais gountry any one and apparently was only trying to
where I was lunching played the ‘Marseillaise,’ | before, and to Buenos Ayres, and as I could | escape from ita pursuers.
pod the Frgamh cheered: then She wuecht am not get qnough to oo in itaiy I wanted % come sein

vein,’ and the Tmans applau » ANd 80] to America an ye in a country where I coulc .
on through the hymns of ail nations. Finally, | get work. I broke my fastgfiings on_ board KILLED ON THE ELEVATED.
I sent in a fee and request for them to play | the ship and jumped overboard because T knew
the national anthem, of the United States. | if I came into port as a stowaway I would be | Am Unidentified Workman Crushed to Death
After several minutes’ consultation they gave | @ ted and | “kod up. I want to get work.” By a Train Near 1434 Street.

Senso ie till han ‘ed.

heads and quaniities

 

Dock Baltiders Complain to Coler.
James Daly, walking delegate of the Doek
Builders’ Union, madea charge yesterday be-
fore Compiler Coler to the effect that the

tion was usually enough to accomplish its
none drastio measure adopted | contractor for the work at Piers 4 and 6, East
purpose, but a more dras c p River, at the foot of Broad atrest, did not

on the Campania during her last trip to Liver- | toi ow tie specifications. Daly said that he had

peal ehowed how fray the oe a i aoe tote he ater ae at

roe ie the least suspicion that professional Jocks and Ferries who re used to make an

lera or too sharp players are on board, | Investigation. Comrtoller Coler referred the

amb ~ 4 opecatition consisted of 7 | compiaint to ¢ hief Engineer Roach, who will
his Jatest — precautic start an investigation to-morrow,

Aeaitet etn’ ot paren with abhue: pepe | . :
oe
9
Horner’s
Furniture.

was the phrase, “Passengers are reques to
beware o gamblers,” It was posted in the
smoking room after three passengers had lost
at one game with two opponents almost £2,500
SPECIAL INDUCEMENTS,

We have selected from our stock 75 sets of
Beds and Bureaus to match, in white and
dark Mahogany, Birch, Maple and Oak,

 

 

 

|
|
|
|
paid 26 cents for two. Then he decided to econo- the first half of this y ar the lg fo

us ‘A Hot Time in the Old Town To-night.’
A few bands can play ‘Yankee Doodle,’ but T A man about 45 years old was run over and

do not believe there is one which has the musto , killed b trai ly terd
’ ' ' BALING A RIDE. i y a train early yesterday morning on
On wan piace yen the Fourth of the — 7 — the downtown track near the 143d street station
gresen Republic. There was a review in the | Twe New York Boys Arrested in Jersey City | of the Third avenue elevated railroad. The
di. oe powoene * Eee moeeng, Oo Op areny bP ee and Fined 85 Each. engineer, Edward Boyd, saw the man lying
vision of § 1 y . ret, ™
The Fourteenth in Paris the street crowds call Charies Hark, 19 years old, of 2104 Fifth ave- mon S fe treck 08 ne aperenched the stata,
their day, and they ma geal roughl wien ages nue, New York, and August Kister, 17 years old | forward truck of the locomotive saneed over
ee or" ehcteamtia One family knew fy of 85 West Thirty-second street, New York, were | the man’s bed, cutting both lege off and orush-
their coachman knocked off thé box, but the | arrested in Jersey City yesterdar. charged with {re be 2 Galea” © cores indicat
lice rescued them just as their carriage Was | stealing a ride on a Pennaylvania freight train. | track was not clear. A oetlniora bufton nthe
ing overturned, My boy was in acab, with | They amid they Tan away from homeon Friday ‘sez Sek cine. A, pollatotd bution ip she
we courier ee Ce “S the river. we pnd peat pe i way % Lanenever ii ; en, jepel o Picnic Souvenir, 1900.” His body
on "s . e tired of the country, they start Pal ‘
mob gathered, shouting, This is no, place for | thy ir way hack and ad neatly reached home was removed, unidentified, to the Morgue.
capital! pu - ee Nee Gey ap ’ they fell into the hands of the officers. "
sharply down a by path and escaped, The pare, Vettes Hoos fined them $6 each . In dew Consul Sawter Home for a Vacation.
entire possessions of pus enbioad Of capiateia fault of payment they were sent to th» county | s§ramporp, Conn, Aug. 25.—George Sawter,
-—the o e 4 — . A
aot have muschased beer jor tne crowd | On jail for ton aye caen United States Conaul at Glauchau, er
lost ite identity and specific character as a build- Cpe, staat BSRG, eevee ee ere tans Two Negro Desperadoes Arrested. has arrived home on ten weeks’ vacation, Mr.

 

 

MAYOR SIGNS TAX RATE.

 

 

 

, Van Wyek Interrupts His Vacation to Perform
& Perfanetory Daty,

Mayor Van Wyck was at his office in the
(‘sy Hall for two hours yesterday, the purpose
of his visit being to sign the resolutions fixing
the tax rate for 1900. A question of the legality
of the signing of the resolutions by the acting
Mayor had been raised, and for this reason the
Mayor deemed it advisable to interrupt his
Vacation to sign them in person, Acting Mayor
Guagenheimer did not come up from Long

under circumstances that justified them in
refusing to pay their losses and gained for
them the support of the smoking room fn their
contention, The captain's warning was then
posted and the gambling after that time was
carried on with very small stakes. The two
men who came so near winning sich a com-
fortable sum were jenared bs , their fellow

aasenaors during the rest of the journey tn
7 that showed how well the warning in
the smoking room had been understood. Gam-

 

 

branch The rates fixed by the resolution are wter was appointed In 1893 by Cleveland, and | },|; for sums a8 large as those involved tn

‘ ry anhattan and The rons, r+ 4 on each | ine: the ae vee ee = nents ma! y = the aaphele paveenents, ang ony New ORLEANS, La., Aug. 25.—After a deape- ~ nena co aedae stettiolo. ote the pon pine for pone Oe Whieh we dedse 6 dans.

Ml rooklyn, $2.82: . y ing the bu . po ng | exchanged a vafl an ee! oa, 8 S| ' i >” :

$2 a4 nh, $2.22, Richmond, $2.22; Queens, | composing ne rate struggle two negroes, Johnand Josh Moses, | Cjeyeland Consul in Germany. He once ran a “Americana are accused of an undue fond- Suites formerly $75.00 to $87.50; new

as mich.” The toss is regarded as total, even | Re oo celebrated the day by a] were arrested here to-day charged with the | Democratic paper pore pad wee conapioucws in
though something might be realized for the | gaia performance at the Grand Orera flouse, | murder of another negro, Joe Higgins, in St. party council. He, declined io, discune ihe
material by removing it. which, through the courtesy of our Ambassa- Tammany Parish yesterday. The captured i indiscreet for a Consul to do so. He will

i % » T y) -
dor General Horace Forte Wreeldent, Cabl ve negroes are two.of the most desperate mon in | leave for Germany in November, and so will not

ness for money,” said one of Pram whe had £50.00.

ust returned from Furope, “ane that charga \
ie they certainly deserve a great deal Suites formerly $100.00 to $125.00; now
of credit for talk ing about the suet leva $76 00.

than the people of any other nation n my | . . he
travela abroad J came into contact with many Sulte formerly $125 00 to $175.00; now
nationalities and of all these none discussed 8100 00.

a PF rmerly the signing of the rolls was an rn
{ Irtant event, but the Appellate Division has
ately (ecided that the taxes are not due until
an “US have reached the assessors and the
" Arrears have been added to them

unt ¢ Mayor will continue on his vaeation
(iN the first week in September, and hence

 

The Llinois statute relating to the inspection | tunity of attending. The net, VF havine niles 4
Senate, Deputies and high officers of the arm the State, Jos!) Moses having ed seven an vote ‘. sth
mines imposes the fees of the State > » Corp ones two men. Lhe murder of Higgin
of coal and navy and the Diplomatic Corps, ail wit coe © 4 he Moses rotbere freakiy Soctal Events at Newport.

 

 

Mr Guggenheimer wi 7 inspectors upon the mine owners. The feesare | the ladies of their families, made up the au- | was oold blooded. 1 1 ;

wigs Sisur"on'Stopany” °F ne unt 8 | not lew than 00 nor mone than 60 foreach walt | dance ymax a very Drilapt gal, bat vo | Guvemed theamprcer ol Figeloauleinotbing | xewponr, K. 1. Aug. 25.—Mr. James J Van | Mea™eaten, many prlite athe, Ana Suites formerly #190 «0 to $200.00; now
‘pend ment of bie les . ons. ne Mayor will | of investigation, “such fee to be regulated by Fora S Faby tke authorities hat bands the fatal shot. | Alen gave a luncheon this afternoon at the | would ask me the price ot @mriuta ticles | 8125.00.

; — ~ the class of the mine which shall be fixed by | in all the squares and the people Gance, | Any Lieut. Crimmins Expected Home on Tuesday.) Chama Bake Clu, an8 Were. George &. Hav eren i dia 4 re corns at eli agate thas | Suites formerly $200 00 to $250.00; now
Gold Medal for the Cercle Francais de I'Unt- | the inspector and depend upon the length of | young woman qranding near you would feel . “| a musicale and reception at her villain honor men were not in the habit of being asked how 8150.00.

ted u di
timg consumed and the expense necessarily nestected t is all very folly and in the best

incurred in the inspection.” ‘This provision spisit.

not promptly urge joining in Stamronp, Conn., Aug. 26.—Lieut. Mirtin | of Mr. and Mrs. Oliver Harriman. her guests,
To-night dinners were siven by Mrs. Clarence
W. Dolan, Mrs. Nathaniel Thayer, Feerton

much they had paid for then hae nik eonta
Now, don't lieve that any American, how-

ever deenly he might be interested in money, | in Bedroom Sets. We require toom for Fall

versite Harvard, The atove offerings are our latest styles

: } 16 Sixth Regiment, U d Stat
A gold medal and grand prize inthe class of Crimmins of the Sixth Regim nited States

higher education have } L \led as being an enactment in The coal famine threatens serious times for | Infantry, who has been serving in the Phili¢- | |.’ Winthrop, Mrs. Ogden Mills, ‘James V, ae ? :

; been awarded at the | has been assal ; te Government promised t ines, is expected to arrive at the summer home would allow himself such a liberty. At the

Paris Exyosition to the Cercle Francais de | Violation of the Fourteonth Amendment tothe eee Oe cnet Ga, but Parliament ad. bt his father. ohn. 1D. Crimmine, at Collender’s | Parker and Mrs ames “oor gereers eee care TEpennee one ou purchases aad have de-ided to close out these
5 y rh a

a ‘ *
Federal Constitution, because it denies the } journ without enacting the law. Buch & | Point, on next Tuesday. eu Cram ents International Paper Company's Election. mans at the Exposition discussing the price suites at the prices mentioned, Throughout

1 Universita H
arvard for the exhibit made by ow | arrived in San Francisco from Manila on Aug. 6.

the cercie | ‘ « rotection of the laws | proposition from such @ source shows , ° Bhs
Rocial ment ieee vr i > uae oe ear without due procesa of | Reqeecity modifies econo, ri aisle ine ties aiden © At the annual meeting of stockholders of the | Asked. | Y aed “oe lone saint, for ‘on? our Warerooms will be found Reductions in
cercle are pt : e eet of the so long that they ¢ , . Doesn't Know His o's Maiden Name. -aper Co ny, held at Corinth ? : ae Gane :
Who have teen Droughe the areas" eeeerecy | Wwe. She potas Gestns be Ue Mins She ius mente lan ae sith $2 e prise tPisanould nat ae Briporport, Conn., Aug. 25.—Amos Ruaocoe ee Waanier cy 4 owing diseat = oa eenitl't dee caren tant the orice on all nes worthy the attention of intending Fall
im the © roe inlomat and 0 tne United Staten by be made to depend coon ~ of - on with up it would beachar eof a per rent. inthe of Sherman has applied to the Superior Court | were elect 4; Darius Ogden Mila, Alone N. fixed a“ lutely and could nat i hange Buyers.
“het performancen o y , ved therein and not | oarital : : ; , ; 4 oe ( ooli a’ arre Phen they alwars expre te the
graphs "af toe oof tne cerc'e and photo= | OF number of men emplo — hot | ca ital of the New York entral Th E Uab for Fairfield county for a divorce from his wife eae " The “directors elected. the foliowina opinion ot auch extortion. The Nineiiches * | J HO NE
ub ' play. The exhibit | left to the determination of the inspectors. | rallway managers are very ablemen, but their | Cu rather Geek, aaia uals wae Glineat arn 7 ‘ 9

hod favorable ment in th { {tv is taxed to the utmost to meet thie | on the ground o° intolerable cruelty, In the | oNocers: President, Hugh J. Chisholm; First

he award # similar to thone siven Ee inereased coe of coal : d kee un the papers just returned to court he alleges that he | Vice-President, A. N puroang: Broond Vice-

Fie and Princeton Universities and tothe Con. | recently decided that the statute is constitu. dividends, and in most iines at their h “recs}y does not know whac bis wife's maiden name : Tpemuser, A. N.
vde,

The Supreme Court of Ilinols, however, has N.
& president, Willlam B. Dision
sional Library, and the cercle is proud of it, | tional in this and all other respects meetings there was a reduction. Coal for rafl- | was, but thinks It was either Mead or Pardee, Burbank, and Seoretary, W. Hh

uasion or kept out_of t) laces the id ,
hut afford to visit, Dut they were paver heard | Ol, 63,65 West 24d
tal 80 eloquently about money, and for (Adjoining Eden Masee).