er

Ne NR merce +

 
 

= ae

As ee ene

: + ree < peel
Se RR a

|

ae

46

oe

 

‘eins = eee.
LL AO I OOO LO NC Ce TR iit uate tat

Qh aA eR SR 2 et

Sa et

;

xX

 

§

 

  

a
BROOKLYNS SHUT OUT,

   

 

BOSTONS ADMINISTER A COAT OF
WHITEWASH TO THE CHAMPIONS.

 

AT HEMPSTEAD.

villeCentra0 0 0 8 2
jem penead 960864641061. oe
Batterles—Terry and Butler; Melaughiin and Stan
hope.

” AT PEW) M AMBOY,

Tho Tall-Hoaders Again Downed by the Phila- | , ° 8 8 } 6 2 8 ° ° o—3 8 ;
Aeiphias—St, Louls Shat Out the Chicagos Batteries Hopper, Castro and Freiberg; Rochelle
—Pitesberas Heat Olncinnatis in a Ten aod Brogan. an taen
Iasing Game by One Kun-Other Games, aca
The champions were unable to do anything Fleer see ° : } 9 ° § 9 3 8 o1) 3 ?

with Willis’s delivery at Boston yesterday,and an | — jiatieries~ Parley, Driseoll and Taylor; Crahant and

ag result were shutout with outarun, The Quak- | Howlett ae eueen.yn,

exe downed the tail-enders at the Polo Grounds . o6

and break even on the present series. St Mutual A. °, “f 2 6 } 9 9 ’ } = 7 19 ,

2 . 0 ‘

Louls again whitewashed the Chicagos, The Sear cools, Trimble and Reecks Bayes and

defeat gives Boston a lead of ten pointa for | Behock ,

fourth place, Vittaburg and Cincinnau played AT MOUNT VERNON, . oe

. yinning by one ray Hilla. .9 0002 12 2 O-7 111

a tepdnning game, the former Ww ua by Oo Murrey Mil “~9egoeg segs tt |

run, The results Batteries—Hartman and Meeteer; Farley and Pastor.

Boston, 6} Brooklyn, 0. AT ORFEN WICH. sik’

Philadelphia, 5; New Yerk, & _ 0100886 Gon ao
Piiusburg, 6; Cloeinnatt 6 Amogero ae , ride 88 8 tet 6

St Louls, 2; Chicago, 0 Batteries —O' Gorman and Burke; Collin and Ley.

. THE RECORD. AT NEWARK. ane
Per | Per | pitieGranta.....2 01411 2 O-11 10 8
Clgts. we cent Chube. Ww. L. Cent fational A. C Me Se ee ee rs ee
Iya. 2? HH 611 /chieago. 45 3° on Hatieries~ Bolger and Bird; Winters and Stratton,

. t ’ 4 he .

saciphla 60 48 .610/8t, Louts 45 61 1460 AT WAVERLY. on
on... 49 40 500|New York 89 57 .406 Waverly 8864666 Owe OT

BOATON, 8; BROOKLYN, 0.

Boston, Aug. 26--The Champions were sbut
out in a well-played game this afternoon.
‘Willis was in fine fettie and kept the heavy hit-
ters guessing throughout the nine innings,
Long and Lowe stopped everything that came
thetr way and cut off several apparently safe
bits, Willis perforined the marvellous feat of

out Keeler, Jennings and Kelley in the

Brot inning, after Jones had doubied to left
eld.

 

6 The secure:
BOSTON | BROOKLYN.

R H.PO.AB) RAPOA BR
ton.cf.2 3 2 0 O Jones, cf....9 1 2 0 0
0... 01 4 @ OBeele.f...03 2 01
tal, rf 0 0 0 O OJenningsibO O18 1 0
liing, Jb.O 1 2 2 O Kelley, if 0081 0
uffy.if...1 1 8 O © Dabien,ss..0 0 1 6 1
‘enney, 1b. 8 1 9 O (Cross, 3b....0 1 2 1 2
we, b....2 1 8 2 ODaly,2b....0 1 8 1 0
larke,c.....0 1 4 1 O Farrell, o 0 0 4 2 0
its, p 1 0 0 1 OMeGinnttypo 0 0 38 1
Totals... 8 987 10 0| Totals... 0 42414 4
iO... wane £286 8 8 & awe
roo! sbadot ms 0000000 0 0-0

Hoston, 2. Left on basea—
First base on balls—-Of
filia, 4; off Kennedy, 8. Struck out—-By Wills, 4;

Kennedy, | Bale = Kennedy Home rvn--Lowe.
Rivo-base bits: Jones, Keeler, buffy Sacrifice bits

—Long (8), Clarke. Stoien bases Jones, Daly (2),

pe Hamilton, Stahi, Collins Doubie plays
ng weand Tenory: Kelley and Farrell ™m
Bance—4.600.

uret. Time—1 hour and 55 minutes. Attend-
PHILADELPHIA, 5, WEW YORK, 8,

The Philadelphias won the final game of

z nt artes from the tall-enders at the

Ph Stounds yesterday afternoon, Carrick

was in the points for the New Yorks and

tohed good ball, but his support was wretched,

okman contributed three errors and every

one of ther wae costly, Gleason and Doyle

- made an error which cost two runs. Dona-
4 pitched a steady game for the Quakers,
an

was at his best wi

although he gave five bases on balls, he
yed a star game, accepting fifteen chances,

First base on errors
ton, 6, Brooklyn, 5

men on basea, Delehanty

score

PHILADELPHIA. | NEW YORE
RM PO AR ROH. POAR
omas,cf 1 0 8 O OV'nHalt'ncfl 0 5 Uv 1
ce, If....0 0 0 O U Davis, ss....0 1 8 4 0
leb'ty, 1b.3 2158 O O Selbach. If. 1 8 $8 0 0
jole2b....0 1 1 8 O Hickman,sd.0 2 0 38 3
ek,rf....1 2 2 0 OSmith,rf...0 111 °0
Fariando.1 8 6 2 O Doyle ib. 1 211 1°41
olvert'n,3b0 0 9 & I Gleason.2d.0 0 01 1
Cross, se. 1 1 2 8 1 Rowerm'n,poO 1 40 0
Donahue, p.0 0 0 2 U Carrick, p .0 00 2 1
—— - - — Grady «0000 0
Totals 8 6 18 2Mercer,p....0 000 0
Totals 802712 7

*Batted for Carrick in the eighih inning

ih! iphia ....... i1ioo?:008 0 0-6
CEB. cc vsess eect © 01001 0 0-8

First base on errore~ Philadelphia, 7; New York, 1
ft on bases—Philadelphia. 12; New York, 10
ret base on balls Off Donahue, 5, off Carrick, 2; off
leroer, 2. Struck out—By Donahue, 2: by Carrick,
iby Mercer, 1. Sacrifice hits—Wolverton and Sel
b, Swien bases—Seibach. Double plays LaJole,
Cross and Delehanty, Davis and Doyle hree base

hits—Selbach. Twobase hits—MeFarland, Doyle,
bach (2). Hit by plitcher—~By Donahue, 1; by
ereer, 1. Wild piten—Mereer Umplre—O'Day.

o—2 houre and 16 minutes. Attendance, 3,500
PITTSBURG, 6; CINCINNATI, 5

PrrTsBURG, Aug. 25.—In the tenth tnning of a
hard-foug ame Clarke got 4 base on balls. went to
cond on O'Brien's out and stole third. Phillips was
raid to let Wagner hit the bal! and sent him to first
ahoe allowed bim to steal without making 4 throw.
nillipsthen made a wid pitch that scored the win
ning run. In the sixth inning with the umpire look-
{oF nhis direction Phillips cut third base by fully
ity feet, and the Cincinnati team, led by Capt Cor
@oran, protested when lI'mpire Snyder called the
nnerout-a more ridiculous kick was never regis
red. Later the Cincinnat! players delayed the game
yrefusiu@teoley the rules requiring them to stay
e@n their benci ‘Ihe score

PITTSHUN
kK. 1. POAB.
um'ntef.o 0 2 0 0 Barrette. 0 0 2 0 0
ke, if....1 1 6 0 O Crawford. 1f2 1
rien, 1b..0 1 Steinfeldt, Sov $1
2
t

  

 

CINCINNATL

0 Beckley, 1b.0
0 Coreoran, 8s 0
0 McBride, rf 1 2
QO 1 Quinn, 2b ..0 0
PA ee & (© Kahoe, c....1
‘annebill,p.O 9 © 3 O Phillips, p...1
Totala...«.6 680017 2 Totals... 510°2921 8
*Two out when winning run was scored.
fQeburg..........08:50 20102000 1-6
cinnall....... 0008 100 0 0-6
Stolen bases—Clarke, Corcoran, Wagner. Two-base
Rits—Beckley, Wagner. Sacrifice hits—Quinn, Zim
mer, Beckley uble play Beckley and Phillips.
Struck out—By Tannehill. |. First base on balis—

1

  

Off Tannehili, 2; off Phillips, 4. Wild pitches —Phil-
lips, 2. Hit by pitcher—By Tannehill, 1. Umpire—
Onyder. Time hours and 15 minutes Altend-
anoo—4,000.

ST. LOUIS, 2; CHICAGO, 0,
St. Louis, Aug. 25.—Cy Young and Garvin had a
twirling duel at League Park to-day and Young was
ctorious, the Cardinals defeating the Chicagos
ut twenty nine batsmen faced Young during the
nine innings and his support was auners Heidrick
scored both runs for St Louls, his splend!d base
O@tealing being the feature. The score
8T. Lous. | CHICAGO.
. A EB

 

 

R. #. FO. R.H. POA. EB
cGraw,3b.0 1 2 1 «#1 McCarthy.lf.9 0 1 00
jurkett. if .0 2 1 0 O Childs, 2b..0046 0
eldrick, cf..2 0 8 0 1 Mertes,cf...0 1 0 0 0

ovan, rf 0 0 1 0 O Ryan, rf...0 0000

0 4 3 OGanzel, 1b ..0 114 1 0

0 1 8 OChaner, ¢ S @ 2.2 &

0 8 © OBradiey,8d 0 106 |

Griger,c....0 0 7 1 OG MeCorm'k,ss0 0 8 2 0
Young, p....9 1 0 0 OGarvin p .0 001 0

-=— = « *Dexter 00000

Totals....2 427 8 2 -- _
Totals, 0 32416 2
*Batted for Garvin in the ninthinning.
St Louls.... me 8 826 446 ust
Chicago........ 00000000 0-0
Double play—Wallace and McGann. Stolen bases—
Heidrick (4). Struck out— By Young, 4; by Garvin,

. Umplre—Warner. Time-1 hourand 4. minutes

ndance—8,600.

American League,

At Chicago—Chicago, 1; Kansas City, 0.

At Buffalo—Buflalo, 2: Cleveland 1

At Indianapolis—First game—Indianapolis, 2: De
frott, 1. Second game—Indianapolis, &, Cleveland, 3

Al Milwaukee \lwaukee, 0; Minneapolis, 6

Fastern League.
At Worcester— Worcester, 8; Springfeld, 5.
At Syracuse—Syracuse, 6; Montreal, 4
At Providence—Provflence, 11; Hartford, &
At Rochester—Rochester, 4; Toronto, 5.

New York State League,

At Binghamton—Binghamton, 1; Troy, &
At Schenectady—Schenectady, 1. Rome, 0.
At Cortland—Cortiand, 15° Albany, 7

At Elmira—Elmira, 4; Uttoa, 2.

Connecticut State League.

At Norwich—Norwich, 9; New London, 0 (forfelted).
At Waterbury— Waterbury, 2; Bridgeport, 1

At Derby-—Derby, 7; Bristol, 4

At Meriden—New Haven, 11; Meriden, 3.

Brooklyn Amateur Assoctation,
AT PROSPECT PARK

  

 

RH. EB
WUteS ..cceeee 0085 83 0 8 1 2 4-18 16 4
jonals -8 9 2053 21 838 1-15 10 7
Batteries—McClinchey, Howard and Asheroft:
Dison and McNally
RH PR
St Paul 1123902 0 2 1-11 14 6
yRidgeAC.8 2 003 0 2 8 1—12 15 2
atteries—Sweency, Oats and Miller. Jelientck and
Burke,
Other Games.
AT ORANGE OVAL
ROHR
Orange Atbietics..1 0 1 6 0000 1-8 7 4
New York A. C 01000006 0 0-157

Batieries—Lawson and O'Neil Natch and Hayes
AT PLEISCHMANN'S
A. F.
MountainaA.c..0 8 23 200 0 0-

144
Btamford.......9 0 0 000014 = 5 6
Batteries—Riley and Donahue: Edson and Grant

wor

   

AT CROTONA PARK.

R WE

Guburbans......21 3 9 110 00-8 14 8
6 Mary’ 3000 01 6 0 1-11 12 3

 

Batterles—Nesbitt and lHersey; Mulligan and
Kenney.
AT WASHINGTON, N. J
RH. E
nargyl. 001000000 008 8
asbington.... 2249200 0 ..—10 8 2

Batierles—Roof, Fuge and Fuge; McPherson and

Grube.
AT EBLIZABEIH
ROHR
100 6 .=-10 11 6
A 000000 060 O- 0 67
‘an Zantand Glazebrook; Crane, Mehl

 
 

Hammondsport.0 448 38 0 0 0 ..—14 14 2
Hatteriea—Ging, Tueker and Aceorsini; MacDougall
and Dillon,

AT JERSEY CITY.

REE

Pacific A C,....8 1100 8 8 O ..—10 116
Jersey Oty Perry.1 140000 0 1— 7182
Batteries—Cheever and Gormley; Shuehan and

Holland.

 

Baseball Games To-day,

NATIONAL LEAGUE AND AMERICAN ASSOCIATION,
Pitsburg at Clocinnatl; Chicago at St Louta
OTHER GAMES

Weat New York F. O vs. Mountain A O., at Wee
hawken
emeralds va [ronsides, at Van Neat.
ronx Glants va. Central F. C., at New York.
erie Point A, C. va Loyola A. A., at College
‘oink
Central A. ©. v8 Royal Seven 8 O, at Queens
County Park.
s. Castletons, at Brooklyn.
Mint F s. Cliffords, at Brooklyn
Hustler F.C, va Rays, at Van Nest.
Nassaus vs Honeck A. C, at Greenpoint,
Prospects vs Nile A. C., at Brooklyn
Mount Carmel Juntors va Excelstora, at Astoria.
Jerseys vs. Cuban X Glants, at Jersey City.
Johnstown F.C. vs, Pearsall A. C., at Jersey City,
Brooklyn F. ©. vs. Howard AO, at Brooklyn.
Hoboken #4 Genuine Cuban Giants, at Hoboken.
Ontario A. C. vs, Hanions, at West Chester,
Alerts va Ozones, at East New York
Maryer A. C, vs. Wayside, at Bayside.
Nasa#a0 B, B.C. vs, Honecke, at Greenpoint.
Crown A. C. v8 Spaulding Reserve's, at Jasper
Oval
Skellys va Spauldin

Baseball Notes.

Brooklyn and New York will play @ postponed game
at Washington Park to morrow afternoon,

 

Empires

 

 

at Skellys grounds.

 

TROTTING AND PACING.

Good Horses Entered for the Charter Oak
Park Meeting.

Entries to the events scheduled for the Charter
Oak Park meeting at Hartford, Sept. 8 to §,
closed last Monday. In the Charter Oak $1,000
stake for 2:15 trotters, fifteen cracks are listed.
They are Nigger Jack, Phillip E., Lady Ger-
aldine, Maggie Anderson, Joe Watts, Lord
Derby, Temple Wilkes, Georgena, Ivandorf,
York Boy, Alameda, Volo, Rustler, Belle Currey
and Nell Gwynne.

Tommy W., Evolute, Red Shedd, Lady All
Right, Honey Horner, Aloatray or Olive Leaf,
Sallie Hook, Midway or Tiger, Suzette, Silver
Bar, Sonia, Annie Thornton or Dolly Brown,
Ituna, P. H. Flynn, Beauty Spot or Jack R., Orin
B. or Baughman, are in the 2:30 pace for $2,000,

The 2:08 trot will bring together some good
ones in Arion or Peter the Great, from J. Mal-
colm Forbes’ stable; Grattan Boy, entered by
Roy Miller, William Todd's Lord Vincent and
John Nolan. In the 2:08 pace, $1,200, are Mazette,
Bellewood A., Choral or Clinton B., Free Bond,
Bonnie Direct, Sidney Polnter, Harry O. and

Dan Q

Tuesday, the second day, opens with the 2:30
trot for $2,000, in which are Camilla or Red Line,
Axtello, Mr. Middlemay, King Vasco, Henry
S, Annie Burns or Hilda, Leonard Bell, Queen
Fleanor, Fbba or Simmore, James Shevlin or
Jantine, Bert Herr or Levi Herr, Single K.,
Mary D. or Uderim, Iva Dee and Walter Keim
or Director Bell

In the 205 pace are Indiana, Frank Bogash.
Baby Ruth, Ace, Eylet, Roan Wilkes, Chehalis
or Royal R. Sheldon. Twenty good ones are
entered for the 2.12 trot for $2,000, They are
Woodford C., Idolita, Paddy D., Phrase, Edna
Cook, Kate MeCracken, Boralma, letah 8.,
Georgeanna or Alice Barnes, Don L, Filfrida,
Dainty Daffo, Ed Winter or Bay Star, Van
Zandt, Fleetwood, Solon Grattan, Dollade
Wilkes and Ellert. The 2:12 pace will be con-
tested by Winola, Dombey, vr., Prince A. or
Ben Fisher, Red Buck or Lolita, Eariy Bird,
Jr., Neil Aleyoner, Budd Stout or Clinton b,,
sonny Agan or Annie Thornton, Hiplers or
ack R,

On the third day the 2:09 pace for $2,000 has
Island Wilkes, Jr. or Lizzie Wilkes, Connor,
Courier-Journal, Patchen Boy, Flirt, Fanny
Dillard or Ajitato, Sphinx §$., Tobogs#an,
Susie T., or Argo Director, Clinton B., Art
Aleo, Will Leyburn, Hetty G., Kate Medium
gnong the entries, In the 2:10 trot are Gireen-
brino, Precision, Little Dick, Pilatus, Chariey
Herr, Farris, Dare Devil or Tudor Chimes.
‘The 2:15 pace hus Daphne Dallas, Helen D.,
Dick See, Gurgles Boy, Barrister, Roscoe C.,
George, Robert B. or Strathbells, Matin Bells,
Baron D., Special Boy and Bessie Thompson
or Stacker Taylor

Thursday's Sronramme will open with the
2:27 trot in which are entered Kozy. J. R. P.,
Gussuro, or Winaka, Sonata, Atta Ford, Major
Creer, Betay Tell, Electric Wilkes, The Charmer,
Boodler, Parallax, Marique and Coral Berry
or Legal Prince Alert, Coney or Aanconda,
Searchlight or Indiana and Roan Wilkes, are
entered for the free-for-all pace. For the
2:10 pace are named Ed B. Young, Ambulator
or Joe Pilot, Sphinx §., Happy Jim, Dan M.,
Bob Fitzsimmons. Hal Mckwen, or Paul Revere,
The Admiral; Dumont W., Lottie Smart. Lite
tle Frank, Red Seal, Hallie Rocket, Star Hall
Sclavonic, Gyp Walnut and Belle Coney.

Friday's programme is made up of the 2:20
pace, Among those entered are Fred 8. Edge-
wood, Helen D. Rosalet, Dick See, Barrister,
McKinley, George, Argo Director, Gentry’s
‘Treasure, Tommy Me., Jennie Mac,, or Maud
R., Addie Parker, Birdie tal and the Private,
In the 2:14 trot are Alice Barnes, Dot Miller,
Pilot Evans, Much Ado, Lamp Girl or Barn-
wood, Elfrida, Minuette, Lasso or Onwarde
Silver, Ivandorf, Lucrativa, Iris O,, Phillip E.,
Palm Leaf, Gry or Dreamer, Miss Whitney,
Confessor, Blondie, Grace Onward or Lady K.,,
and Miss Duke or Koster

For the $1,200 2:17 trot on Saturday the entries
fre Peffina, Kozy, Tip T., Wilrissa or Cienega,
Kellmont or James Shevlin, Pallister or Annie
Wilkes, Dr. L., All Rightor C. a. odgett,
X. L.. Brother, Wildwind, Brandy wine, Anhauser,
Laveran or Timberlake, Lady Norvetta, Enoch,
Louise, J, E. C., Roster and Baron Belt or Sim-
mon

There was some spirtted racing at Goshen
during the past week. With buttwoexceptions
every event programmed was well and sharply
contested from start to finish and the times
were fast for the classes

One of the most interesting races was the
2:25 trot. There was a strong local rivalry
between Helen Grace and Helen Simmons,
and after the first heat the two Helens and their
drivers, Billy Andrews and John Dickerson,
put up a contest that warmed the blood of the
most blasé racegoer, The last three heats
were eyelash finishes. The fourth was 80 close
that it took the judges some time to name the
winner. Some of the judges and many specta-
tors who sat over the wire thought Helen Grace
was the victor. Billy Andrews stepped into
the stand and requested the judges to give
the heat to the mare they considered entitled
to it, and not to make it a dead heat. Helen
Simmons got the decision. Helen Grace is
four years old and one your younger than her
speedy rival. She will not be ra again
until next year

Lleta, the tilly that won the juvenile stake
so handily from Ed Milagro, the favorite, is
another winner that will not be raced again
this year

The programme for the Labor Day meetin,
at Guttenberg is an attractive one. The match
race between Pearl J,, 2:20'¢, and Baylight,
2:45°4, for $100 a side, will be one of the features,
i will the special race for a purse of $200 be-
twee. Mra. Ht. f) Gill's pacer, Jack, 2:12,
and Dr H. D. Gill's Anheuser, 2:2444. Other
races scheduled are a mixed race for 2:28 trot-
ters and 2:32 pacers, mile heats: three in five,
to harness, and an amateur race, mile heats,
two in three, for 2:25 pacers, to wagon. The
qniries will close next Thursday with George
A. ( nan

Dave MeClary recently sold Maury Pointer,
full brother to the Star Pointer, to Nick Hubin-
ger of New Haven, for $10,600, The colt has
heen turned over to Lafe Sharpe for preliminary
training. Mr. Sharpe @lso gave Star Pointer
and Hal Braden, 2:07'¢, their first lessons,

J, Welch decided yesterday to add a 207
class pace to the programme at Empire City
track for a purse of $1,200. It will he best
three in five heats under the usual conditions,
Eniries to the classes already announced will
close next Monday night

W._K. Mohr, Secretary of the Allentown,
Pa., Fair Association, is making a very suc
cessful “hustle” for entries, He reports that
every class is filling well. Three racea are
programmed for each day for purses rangin:
Tom $300 to $800 and Care ts ae 6 eS ee

 

 

Face. The dates for the races are Sept. 18 to
NS gee ; : monet is Glee

THE SUN, SUNDAY, AUGUST 26, 1900.

LAWN TENNIS FLOURISHES. |

REVIVAL IN INTEREST PARTLY DUE
TO INTERNATIONAL CONTESTS,

Young Blood and Speedier Play Attract Spec-
tators— Veterans Heturn to the Nets
~Manufactarers Taxed to the Utmost to
Supply Accessories Whitman's Fine Show,
lawn tennis has in every way fulfilled the

promises made last season that the sport would

once more be popular, This year the old game
has reached the zenith of its glory and ite suc-
ceas far surpassed the hopes of ita most ardent
followers and admirers, Many reasons are
g@iven by the experta for the — great
revival that has set in and advanced the sport
until {t is now in a more prosperous, healthy
and flourishing condition than has ever be-
fore been known In the history of lawn tennis
in this country, The development of speedier
play, the return of the veteran player to the
courts, and the international flavor given to
the sport by the English-American challenge
matches for the Davis International cup have
contributed to raise the game into @ position
of preéminence,

For several seasons prior to 1808 there had
been a general falling off in interest, and even
the national championships at Newport failed

dismally in bringing any new blood to the ranks
of the players. Enthusiasm had died out, or
nearly #0, and the contests on the Casino courts
proved to be more like exhibition matches than
astruggle for anational championship. Under
these conditions the men who were below the
ranking class of players felt little
encouragement in perfecting their ability
and skill, The enlistment of the holder of
the title and trophy, Bob Wrenn, in the
ranks of the Rough Riders for the Spantsh-
left the champlonship open
William A. Larned and the
éx-champton, Ollle Campbell, also followed
the example of Wrenn. This left the cham-
pion’s mantle ready for a player from among
the lower class The opportunity was eagerly
embraced by a host of the younger men, es+
pecially the collegiate cracks, and th» honor
waa finally captured by Maleolm D. Whitman,
the young Harvard giant. That the
fitted Whitman to a dot has been amply proven
by his unparalleled record, and he is withont
any question the greates’ exponent of lawn
tennis this country has ever known.
Last year at the very start of the season's
play the big Harvard man began his good
work. He entered in every tournament of ime
portance and repeatedly won the honors. In seve
eral instances he defended titles that he had
captured before, but the result was invariably
Whitman captured every title
worth having. He was severely
criticised for his “mug-hunting” propensities,
but his appearance in all of the important
meetings had a most beneficial effect and to
ia due the firat impetus that the sport re-
well
national
desire

American War
for the firet time.

mantle

the same.
and troph

thig
ceived.
filled
champion's
ous of meetir him and trying
their mettle against his. Tho develop-
ment of better and faster play attracted the
ever before, They in
f competitors in the

were
the
players

Everywhere the courts
by spectators to, witness

skill ahd

apectators more than
turn swelled the number «
tournaments until at the close of last season
the manufacturers of lawn tennis sup lies
awoke to the fact that the game had taken a
firm hold as an athletic pastime. In almost
every instance the makers of lawn tennis goods
were unable to supply the demand late tn the
season of 1800 ‘he manufacturers of the
recognized championship ball worked to their
full capacity and vet the competitors at the
later meetings were compelled balls
that were not thoroughly and properly sea-
soned. They realized that the demand this
year would be great and endeavored to prepare
for it. Again their estimate of the progress
of the boom was below the mark and early
this summer the leading sporting goods houses
were unsuccessful in fees ing pace with the
unerampled demand for racquets, balls, nets
and other accessories.

When this season opened the fruits of the
former season became evident at once, The
Pacific Coast champions, Sumner Hardy and
his younger brother, Samuel Hardy, journeyed
Fastward for the first time, This was brought
about by the visit of the famous Harvard quar-
tette, Whitman, Davis, Ward and Wright, to
the California courts lagt fal. Several of the |
Eastern cracks, notably the Princeton par,
Little and Alexander, and the New Yorke
Paret, went West for the championships he
at Chicago. The Western men who had en-
tered at Newport the previous year again de
clared their intention to compete and the inter
sectional play throughout the length and breadth
of the country became an established feature
of the tournaments,

The full strength of the revival of interest in
lawn teunis was not felt until the English-
American contests for the Dwight F. Davis
International Challenge cup became assured
This trophy, offered for the first tirne this year,
proved to be the capstone tn completing the

 

 

to uae

 
  

 

 

   

regeneration of the sport. The Davis cup is
the “blue ribbon” of the tennis Held, and holds
the same relative position to lawn tennis as

does the America’s Cup to the yachting world
It is the first internatio nal trophy to be offered
for the sport, and it was indeed fortunate that
the donor was enabled because of his wealth
to bring the contests between the English and
American experts to an issue. Several times the

negotiations between the U. & N. J. T. A. and
the English Lawn Tennis Association were
at a atandstill. The excitement among the

best American players and enthusiasts had
reached the point where they would not brook
a defeat of their cherished plans, however,
and the Fnellsh team came here later than they
were scheduled. The battles on the courts
were short and decisive, as has been already
chronicled, and the Americans were victorious
Their victory was in keeping with the perform.
ancesof American athletes in forelun come
petitiona and {t increased the respect of many
who had previously been ready to sneer at the
game. To the men who had for years been
Closely identified with the sport the superlority
of the play in this country was demonstrated
as never before, although visiting English
eracks had heen n here and beaten, as was
the case with Faves, Mahony, Nishet and Good.

 

 

 

 

  

body. The circumstances were entirely dif-
ferent from those prevailing this vear, how-
ever, and were not regarded tn the sa light
by the plavers as the men who have had the
interesta of the game close at heart. The
flavor of International competition bronghrt
out the full strength of the t nament plas ers
in every section of this countr The entry

lat of every minor tournament and champion.
ship meeting was swelled in numbers by the
return of the veterans and by the new blood
especially from the younger college mer As
in the old davs all roads led to Rome, so it is with
the tennis world, and the smaller champtonshirs
sectional, State, and local, all lead up to the
National Allcomers’ meeting at Newport
The sectional contests form the stepping stones
by which the newcomers at the spdrt achieve
their reputations and win their laurels until
they strive for the greatest prize of all, the
title of national champion. The younger
element among the players were encournged
to go in and win their spurs because of the
success of the older men. All along the line
this feeling was demonstrated, The ranks
were filled with comparntively new men and
the interest in the struggle for honors was
keenly felt. Whenever a promising man
appeared his work attracted the closest scrutiny
oF the experts. There were so many who
were regarded as “comers” that the play of
the men in this class alone provided excellent
sport. While the skill and ability of the “com-
ers” were of a most uncertain kind their prea-
ence in the field made the outlook exceedingly |
bright and developed a healthy condition
that had not been known fora number of vears,
When at the beginning of the season the vet-
erans, Billy Larned, Bob Wrenn, Ollie Camp-
bell and Edward Hall, signified their intention
of resuming their places on the courte the men
who had captured the honors tn their absence
were among the firat to welcome them. But
the youngsters soon proved thelr prowess and
orceed the former stars into the background
f° the speed and brilliancy of their work. The
etrugale between the old and the new proved
to be the best of sport, and the courts hecame
crowded with partisans ready to cheer their

favorite to victory) By the time
the national champlonship meeting — on
the Casino courts at Newport took place

a number of comparatively new men were ready
to meet and do their part against the players
of wider experience, The entry list was larger
than ever before whilethe quality of the players
was of more than ordinary merit and was pro-
ductive of high-class sport in every round
Two of the Englishmen, Black and Gore, added
zeat to the competition and also infused the
apirit of international match playing into the
tournament As the meeting prowressed the
fact became more appar ent with each suceeed-
ing day's play that the revival of interest was
of the most genuine and lusty character. The
exciting and spectacular exhibition of skill at-
tracted the largest galleries of spectators that
have been in attendance since the days of Dick
Sears, of cherished meinory, and the erstwhile
invincible Slocum. : |
President James Dwight of the United State.
National Lawn Tennis Association was pro-
foundly impressed by the manner in which
the crowds intelligently applauded the good
play of the men, In his estimation tt argued
well for the future of lawn tennis, and the
better standing of the game here. Prasident
Dwight, as well as Champion Whitman and
Dwight Davis, attributes the reaction in favor
of the sport to the fact that the more vigorous
and youthful element are joining the lawn
tennis ranks tn large numbers. The game
offers, according to his belief, a wider r e
than either golf or cycling. As played fn the
more important tournaments it necessitates an

 

————

——————————_—-- ee a

 

“COMMON SENSE and DEWAR’S SCOTCH” -;

 

|
|

|

 

Form Wo, 2.

The Anglo-A

THE

 

 

 

 

ee A LLL LLL

THE ONLY DIR

UNITED STATES O

 

ESTABLISHED 1866

FIVE DIRECT CABLE ROUTES

BETWEEN

 

 

No. of Words

 

 

CT ROUTE TO CERMA

merican Telegraph Company, Limited.

F AMERICA AND EUROPE.
OABLEGRAM RECEIVED AT 445 BROOME ST. (Silk Exchange Building),

No. Message

v

|

 
  

 

ARCH ALBA y
“4 a
vA AS UL i Ss 4
NO INQUIRY RESPECTING THIS MESSACE CAN BE ATTENDED TO WITHOUT THE PRODUCTION OF THIS PAPER, ’

amount of hard physical training and a man
cannot hope to win unless he is in the best phy-

sical condition,

the play being faster and

harder than ts the case with almost any other

athletic pastime,

On the other hand this trio

of experts believe that while golf and cycling

attracted

the

large
@ach ts now once more at its real level,
viewpoint

tennis
From
of the spectator they believe

numbers from lawn

thatit offers all ifnot more than the other sports.
This is mere especially true now that the speed-
jer net play has superseded the old base line

play

and provides a
the sharp rallies and v

spe tacular element in
olleying at the net.

Manufacturers looks forward to a long con-

tinuance of

the revival. One of the most

prominent firms in the business of supplying

the needs of
matter from

lawn tennis prayore regards the
the financial side, “The sport

is such a good one that it will always have a

firm hold on

not necessarily expensive

popular favor,” he said, “It is
The plot of ground

on which to lay out a court is not of large size

and the keeping of it not costly.

It is within

easy reach of the masses and @ strong point
in its favor is that it provides the best sort

of exercise for both men and women

The im-

plements of the game can be purchased at al-

most any price that the player wishes to pay
All in all T am not surprised at the turn of
affairs and predict even a better season

for next year

In the estimation of this man-

ufacturer there are approximately two million

players of lawn tennis in this country

Each

averages an expenditure of between $10 and

$15 a season
ACOPSSOTIOS

other

for racquets, balls, and
the

fe looks forward to seeing

demand inerease both in the number of those

playing the game and
Invested hy each

in the sum of in

On all sides the revival

greeted with enthusiasm and as further interna-
tional play is now being arranged for next year

there is every ind

ition that the popularity of

lawn tennis will be maintained for sometime to

come

English Tennis Experts Leave for Home,
A. W. Gore and F. D. Black, the two Frnglish

lawn tennis experta, sailed for home on
Cunard steamship
They were accompanted by the Harvard

noon

the
Tuicania yesterday after-

expert, Dwight F. Davis, who will make a study
of the lawn tennis conditions on the other side
with a view to taking a team of American play-
ers abroad next year, and will also try to ar-
range for aseries of international matches to |
be plavedin this country

Gore and Black had nothing but kind words

to say of

American players while in America

tribute their

their treatment at the hands of the

They at-

failure to lift the Davis Inter-

nitional Challenge cup to the decided differ-

ence between

compared with the ball and courts here
eaid that thet

the English ball and courts, when
Gore
mall with which they were used to

playing was much harder and somew)iat lighter

than the ball
courts, he says, |

any on whic

Aroerica

here. The grass on the English
also closer and firmer than

h they have plaved while in

In the estimation of both men Whit-

nan would find it impe-sible to make his reverse

twist service with an English ball.

This is the

services that puzzled the Britons and led to their

downfall
piny almost
sald it

schedule tine
on the Engii-h team
form

hes true

immediately of '
was their own faultin not arriving on
every one of the men |

As to the Englishmen being forced to
on their arrival, Gore |

but that

waa at least fifteen below

 

 

NEWS OF THE WHEELMEN.

Weekly Report of the New York State
Diviston, EL. A. W,

Follow!ng {s an abridgement of the weekly
road report issued by the New York State Di-
vislon, 1. A. W

New York and New Jersey
Cornwall are dusty and Ir
and uneven, ‘The macadam roads of Yonkers are all
good, as well as al! the matn earth roads. rain ts needed
to lay the dust; going north take Warburton avenue
for tine scenery and excellent views of the Hudson
Roads tn the vicinity of Fort Montromery are only

The earth roads of

some pla igh

 

es Very r

fair, and the roads In the nelgiborhood of Hastings
are all good The macadam and earth roads
of Goshen ate all very dusty and need a heavy
fain & improve them Hetween Knapp's Hotel |
and West Nyack and West Nyack and Spring
Valley the poor strips are much improved by
new macadam, and constant riding has put the

stretch in excellent condition rhe macadam roads

of New Brunswick, \. J., are first-class in every way
the earth roads are good. lor tine seenery the road
between Delaware Water Gapand ‘lrenton is sug-

baston and Phillips

poe the road from the Gap t
) test of the route ls

urg ls somewhat hilly, Dut the
splenald. The roads of Hoseville and Montelatr are
Very good for iniles around, and the recent rains will
R it them in even better shape The stone roads of

 

    
  

tergen county N sre in excellent Shape; none
of the mat Ads aredirt, Schraslenburg road,
Teaneck-N¢ is now one of th
Speedways in America The attention of v

is called to this road, whieh ts not very we

 

New Yorkers, buts! d be taken advan
it combines deiightui scenery with excelle pushing
Main street and the continuation of H

 

Hackensack, are nearly untidable owing to neglect,
but this matter has been taken up by the Hackensack
Wheelmen, and tt ts anticlpated that thelr strenuous
protest awainst this deplorable condition will result
nm prompt action on the part of the town authorities,

  

       

Attention ls called again to the continual complaints
of wheelmen who take the Hudson eounty Boulesard-
lditie Ferry-Hudson street route to Hackensack;
Wheelmen have been warned against taking this

 

 

  

   

route. The Hdgewater ferry from 125th street and

the trolley «which carrles wheels up the Vallsades)
, to Leonla Hackensack and any other parts of
| sergen county, is Suggested. ‘The lamp ordinance

in Hackensack is very strongly enforced, not only

relation to bieycles, butto Vetileles also; wheel

are requested to aldin enforcing thislaw, not«

; asa

Hie admitted that they were |

surprised at the great furm shown by the Ameri-

can team

Davis will go to Eastbourne and to Brighton,
but does not expect to take part in the contest; |

on any of the

British courts,

tion will be devoted toward promoting inter-

national

play
United States and England.

between the experta of

He has planned to

return early in the fall, but not tn time to take

part in any

of the

the season closes

 

Waverley B. C, Regatta.
The forty-first annual regatta of the Waver-

ley Boat Club
near 156th

street,

was held on the Hudson River,
yesterday. An excursion

barge was chartered to give the guests a fine
view of the races

The final of the junior singles was hotly oon-
tested between Marsh and Flewitt, the former

only winning by a seant four feet
four-oared
‘The crew steered by Fee won by

the
close finish

 

The final of
barge race also resulted in a

ecarcely half a length from that with Laport at

the tiller.

Special Gig
dell, second; W

Junior Single Gig

Summary

Won by W. M,. Paterson; J. GC Rie
M. Paterson, third.
Final beat won by G. C. Marsh;

E. Flewitt, second

Junior Double Gt

Johnson, bow
bow. J.C

Four-Oared Barge

terfield, bow. (

¥. Koch, stroke
Mills, 2; HL.
Laport, coxswain, second

bow, F. ¢
wir

Final heat won by George

FE. W. Siedler, stroke; A. C. Marsh,

Riedell, stroke, second,

Final heat won by W. B, West
A. Atkinson, 2, A. lL. Westcott, 3,
hk. I'gge, coxswatn. HH, MacBride,
Joeckel, 3; G, Youngs, stroke;

Tub Race-Won by W. M. Braden,

Marine and Ficid Clab Regatta.

The Marine and Field Club held a special
regatta yesterday afternoon, butit was spoiled

by lack of

wind

There were three classes

George W, Macl'agegart's Az Iz won the race for
sailing canoes, beatiig the Thoe, Pioneer II

and Chance
Club

Valentine

knockabouts was won by V

In the race

knockabouts, F. D
beat J. RK. Smith's Blue Flag by 5 seconds
other starters were
The race for Marine and Field Club

or New York Canoe

Tompkins'’s Wraith
The
Minx and

Pebble, Spots,

K. Brown's Kelpie

The other starters were Quingue, Vixen, Flying
Fox, Sweetheart, Stinger and Sky Lark

Hester Wins MoAleenan Cup.
East Monrrcues, L. 1.. Aug. 25.—The first race
for the McAleenan handicap cup was sailed this
afternoon under the auspices of the Moriches

Yacht Club

course and Niel Kylie’s Hester won
MecAleenan's Dogo second
and W

first, H
second,
fourth.

sailed
one member.

sailod a ten-mile

The
with John

yachts
Grotage’s Melody

This cup is to be

|

   

Protection to themselves, but to pedestrians
The Passale iilver north of Passaic has been su pol-
luted that riding on the river road at low tide ts dan-
gerous to health. The North road from Englewood,
a continuation of Grand avenue, Is very sandy tn
spots, and ts not {in good riding condition through the
ipper part of the county Going to Nyack it{s best
to go west from Leonla to Schraalenburg road, to Har-
tington Park, onto Closter and the Wrat k turn-
pike ‘east of the railroad) Sparktil on to Shore road
and Nyack Che Ridgewood-Paterson road ts tn
very bad shape and should be avolded; the best route
to Ridgewood Is through Hackensack to Arcola by
way of Anderson street to Paranus, on to Ridgewood

Long Island Roads and Cycle Paths— The roads of
long Island, together with the side and eyele paths
6Bhow very Iittle change since last week Rain ts
needed all over the isiand

 

 

 

Club runs for to-diuy are scheduled as follows:

Club Start Destination.

| Bay Ridge A.C. W... Brooklyn .... Rockaway
Hay View W Newark Highland Heach.
Century RC. A New York Valley Stream
Eagie W New York City Island
GreaterN Y¥. W Hrooklyn Richmond Beach
Jefferson W New York Century
Linwood W New York. . Platnocld
Mutual Wo..se. Hrookiyn New Rochelle,
Nassau W Brooklyu Midland beach
Penn Gien Hrooklyn New Dorp.
Royal Arcanum W Brooklyn Pottenviie,
Vigilant c. € «New York New Rochelle.

His whole atten- |

the |

tournainents with which |

|

 

 

 

|

 

The Dodo finished |
finished |
D, J. Singer's Sapho third and Hester
The Hester won the race on corrected
U me by 2 minutes 18 seconds.
for annually until won three times by

During the paat week there has been a very
noticeabie revival in the activity of road riders
The heated term cut the crowd down to one.
third of its usual proportions, but there is
always an awakening at the end of summer
and itseems to have begun The Coney Island

aths are alive with wheelmen every day

 

hey do not come in throngs, but in a eteady |

procession that lasts far into the night. A
new “freak” on the paths to be seen several
times a woek is a man and his wife ona tandem
with a little fox terrier lying stretched out on a
platform that has been built for him over the
rear wheel. The platform is nicely carpeted
for doggie and he seems to enjoy the distinetion
of being in a family party. There is a great
deal of abuse of the jamp ordinance, and as
the night riding increases, which it will from
now on, it is likely that special orders will soon
be issued for a special erusade by the police
against those who ride without llehts

John Nelson's riding this season hae distin-

uished him as much as Major Taylor's has
done, This pair, each in his fleld, have proven
so speedy that th outelass all their rivals

 
 

 

and can find no foeman worthy of their stee)
Nelson has scored fourteen consecutive vic-
tories and has repeatedly broken the world's

   

records. His defeat of Michael, Wednesday
night, was simply a killing. The average time
for the six miles after. the first mile was i min-
ute 882-5 seconds, Michael, after the race
told the reporters that he was tired wid could
not follow Later, in his dressing room, when
the fast time was called to his attention, he
waa more communicative. He said “J was
all right when | left New York, but went wrong

  

after got here. [ knew yesterday that [
could not ride to-day I was foolish enough
Monday night to skip the rope 8.000 times As
for the time, I do not think itremarkable un-
der the present conditions of pacemaking, and
when [ am fit I can wo faster than any of the
*xisting records. I realiy did five miles in

7 minutes and 18 seconds at Berkeley Oval,
and rode two miles in 1 minute 26 seconds each,
which is faster than any mile behind pace
ever has been ridden without a wind shield.”
Michael's pacemakersare confident that the
Midget will vet show himself to be faster thau
Nelson, but his manager does not seem to
share their feeling of confidence, as it is re-
orted that other engagements made for
fichael have been cancelled

There has been much criticism of automo-
bilea because they are made with dashboards
and 80 much on the line of carriages cesigned
for horses. It took a New Jersey farmer to

ass a very pertinent criticism of the opposite |

ind, according to 4 story related) downtown
yestervay in a little group of “autofans.” One
of them told of his experience in breaking
down on a country road and seeking afarmer
with a team of horses to drag the machine to
the, pearest town. The farmer arrived on the

a ita a MN Sed el a wr Te Bn

™ . Na

a cate

 

cut} Rael, Yr ey
_ d ¥

scene with his horses and after looking over
the situation carefully, said: “Them ol-
darned things ought to be built with whiffle-
trees on em, if they have to be drawn by hosses
half the time.”

 

Park Commissioner Brower of Kings — and
Queens has announced that after trying all the
Summer to get the necessary money by ap-

 

propriation for paving Fort Hamilton avenue
alongside of Prospect Park, from Ocean ave-
nue to the Plaza, he has managed to get it by
saving on other appropriations and will have
the work begun at once. The avenue will be
asphalted, as it is low ground on which mac-
acam would not last. This when completed
will completely relieve the congestion at the
“rest” at the lower end of the Park.

 

Arthur W. Ross, the pace following rider,
been having a_lively time crossing the
OoraL He went to Paris in the early summer,
returned about two weeks ago and after a4
week spent here started back on Ta_Touraine.
Yosterday wor. was received from Paris that
he was homeward bound again on the same
steamer. It is conjectured here that Ross is
returning to meet Nelson, toss has done
some first-class riding abroad, but he has been
handicapped by the best pacing being always
given to Elkes

)
has

Chairman Henry F. Duéker ofthe Road Records
Conunittee of the Century Road Club announces
the following standing of the first fifteen con-
testants in the 1000 mileage competition for
the seven months ending July 81

1, A. I. Matlack, Camden, N. J.; 2, D. I. Stan-
nard, Springfield, Mass.: 3, Thomas M. Richards,
Camden, N. J.; 4, S. FB. Belcher, Jr. New York city;

§, Vietor Morgenroth, Baltimore, Md.; 6, James Me-
Paul, Minn: 7, Charles Brush, Brooklyn,
Thomas W. Davis, Peoria, IL; 0, Isaac Gil

Pes a By
et, N. ¥.;.10. A. H. Moore, St. Paul, Minn.;

lett, Wate

 

 

11, Mrs. George Bunker, Chicago, Ill; 12, Henry E.
Young, St. Paul, Minn.; 14, M. R. S. Swartz, St
Paul, Minn., 14, Mrs. James Mellrath, St. Paul,
Minn; 15, Thomas W. Hird. St. Paul, Minn.

Coaster brake men are likely to be barred
from participation in the Coney Island Cycle
Path if undicap of twenty-five miles on Labor
Day. This is due to an anonymous warning
given to George Shannon, chairman of the
Racing Committee of the A.C.C, L. 1. It was
was Suggested to him that in a crowd of hard
riders any one using a coaster brake would be
a “dangerous proposition,” because at the turns
he would cease pedalling and slow up so sud-
denly that a fall would be inevitable hairman

Shannon has not issued any official notification |

in this matter yet, but he said that he prob-
ably would Another item of news of
interesting character leaked out

 

yesterday in connection with the coming race
on the cycle paths, It is that the winner of
the ten-rile race at Morristown on July 4 will
probably be disqualified by the referee, This
is interesting because the case is now in the
courts and involves an allegation of one of the
most peculiar tricks ever heard of in road races,
The winner of the Morristown race was Louis
Richman of Morristown, A. L. Apgar of Madi-
son was a starter, but did not finish. Richman
was protested, The scorers had his number,
a1, tallied as making every turn. Richman
is said to have declared “on his word of honor
that he did make every turn.” The referee,
Will R. Pittman, on this statement and the testi-

  

 

 

mony of the seorers, decided him to be the
winner, The protestants followed up — their
case, The promoter of the race withheld the |
prive. Richman sued for the trophy. The

ease was reopened by the referee and after in-
vestigation he was led to believe that
man actually rode only a mile and a half
of the ten miles and that Apgar did ride the
course and ¢ ed Richman’s number to the
scorers Therefore Chairman Shannon was
warned not to accept the entry of Richman or
Apgar. Keferee Pitman said last night that
he had not announced his official decision, but
he admitted that the facta were as cited above
and that he had cautioned Chairman Shan-
non and was satisfied that Richman rode only a
mile and a half

This is one of the most striking cases of pro-
test, if not the most striking, in the history of
road racing If such @ trick as is indicated
was performed, it was more elaborate than
any antecedent

The A. ©. ©. 1. I. have taken a precaution
against trickery in their road race that is worthy
of note by promoters all over the country
rhey send out entry blanks: these are returned
by intending riders filled in with statements
eoncerning their records in other races—what
they have done, their time, handicaps, competi-
tors, &e These blanks are suppose to be
filled out in } To prevent mischance
the Racing Committee of the A.C. C. L.1., takes
every filled-in entry nk received and stamps
on its back an affidavit form which deciares
that the statement on the face is true. When
& competitor in the race appears as a prize
winner, he is shown his entry blank and asked
if that is his and ts true. If he answers in the
affirmative he is requested to sign the affidavit
on the back thereof in the presence of witnesses
and a notary public, who are present. As
the same time he is cautioned concerning
the law making per ury a felony. This is the
most practical check yet devised against dis-
honest entries in road races lt might be im-
proved by elaborating the affidavit so as to
make every prize winner swear that not only
was entry statement true, but that he
started from the mark assigned to him and
covered the full course

NOTES

 
  
 
  

 

 

 

 

    

 

J, A. O'Brien The world's record for twenty miles
behind pace is $1 minutes 341-5 seconds for twent
five miles it is 38 minutes 45 seconds Both records

are held by Jotn Nelson and were made on board
tracks, the twenty miles at Woodside Park, Philadel
phia, Aug. 11, Ina race with McEachren, the second

at Pleasure Heach, Hridgeport, on July 4, in a race
with Caldwell. Nelson now has all the records from
three to twenty-five miles, inclusive

A. Ii. ~The time of the winner of the Cycle Path
Handicap last year was 1 hour 7 minutes 81 1-5 sec
onds. ‘The winner captured the time prize also, but
was afterward disqualified for falsifying bis entry.

The Greater New York Wheelmen wif hare an after
noon and evening plenic at Coney Island on Aug. 44.

A handsome cup will be presented to the eyele club
hating the largest representation of untformed mem-
bers at the outing of the Oak Cycle Club at Queens
Park, Queens, L. I..on Labor Day. The Oaks will
leave Bedford Hest at § A. M. on that day for Queens
Park. where the members and their friends will partic-
ipate in dancing, games, &e. At 3 P.M. a game
of baseball will be called between the Oak F.C and
the Americus Republican Club of Brooklyn. The
entry fee, 50 cents, includes entry to run, bowling
baseball game and refreshments at the park. Entry
blanks may be obtained from the Secretary, Robert
J. Porter, 202 Eighth avenue, city.

 

| ght me
| afraid, his actions are certainly pe

NEW YORK. |

 

    

PASTIME A. C. GAMES. |

 

Fast Sprinting by A. H. Kent ta the 60-Yard
Dash,

Tho twenty-third annual games of the Pas-
time A. C. were held on the club grounds at
Sixty-sixth street and East River yesterday
All the eventa filled well and the 1,000 apecta
tors were rewarded for their trip to the “Indian
reservation” by a series of thrilling fintshes
The interest of the day centred in the 60-yard
handicap,in which A. H. Kent, the crack aprinter
who sporta the blue Brazilian cross of the Pas-
tUmes, was placed on scratch. This rates him
{n the opinion of the handicapper, in the same
class as A. F. Duffy, the American champion
who holds the world’s record for the 60 yards
of 6 2-5 seconds.

Kent was out to eclipse the figures of the
Georgetown sprinter, and he only falled by

the merest shade to equal the reoord in the
semi-final heat. Kent won the semi-final by a
foot in 6 36 seconds, official time, but C. J
Dieges, one of the timers, and James E. Sullivan,
the referee, who also held a watch on the event,
caught the Pastime man’s time as 6 2-5 seconds
Kent had also run his first trial heat in 6 3-5
seconds, and the two hard efforts told on hin
in the final, which O, C. Ordwein, another
hot one from the Pastime stable, won by two
feet in 6 3-5 seconds from the seven-foot mar}
Harry Arnold of the Union Settlement A. |
who had six feet handicap, peat Kent a foot for
the place in a desperate finish

Ww Grady, another Pastime A. C. craci
who had only five yards on the virtual scratch
man in the three-quarters of a mile handieaj),
went through his field in rare style, and was
almost on even terms with the leaders at one-
half a mile. He oon back about twenty
yards, but came again in the last two laps, and,
taking the lead when the gong rang, won
eight yards, Large flelds turned out for th-
300-yard handicap and 60-yard novice, and
the competitors had a hard time negotlatinc
the sharp corners of the twelve-lap tr
There were several bad-looking falls, but
serious accidents, During the games the ba:
rail of the mrandstand gave way, and seve
of the spectators had a 12-foot drop onto the
bank of the Fast River,but no casualty resulted
Thesummary:

60-Yard Novice-Won by L Lewin, Morris Heights
School; E. O. Neill, New York city, second; J. \\
Stumpf, St George's A. C, third. Time, 645 ,
seconds,

I hree Quarters of a Mile Handicap—Won by W. FE.
Grady, Pastime A.C., 40 yards: J. J, Farrell. Star
A. C., 75 yards, second; J. J. Krauss, Pastime A. (
70 yards, third Time, 3 minutes 19 seconds.

60. Yard Handicap -Won by 0. C. Ordwein, Pastime

A. C., 7 feet; H. Arnold, Unton Settlement A. «.. 4
feet, second; A. H. Kent, Pastime A. C., acraten,
third. Time, 63-5 seconds,

600-Yatd Novice Run-—Won by P. Sontar, Jr
Pastime A. C.; F. W. Tompkins, ¥. M. C, A, W!
Plains, second: A. Dischoff, Pastime A. C., third

Time, 1 minute 28 2-5 seconds,

Putting 12 Pound Shot, Handicap— Won by !
Sullivan, Institute A. C, Newark, 12 feet, with an
actual put of 45 feet 2% inches, G. Wolf. Pa
A. C., § feet 9 Inches, second, with 44 feet 5: ches
O, Steffens, Grace A. C,, 15 feet, third, with 36 feet
54 Inches,

400- Yard Dash, Handicap— Won by FE. J). F
Pastime A. C., 24 yards; B. H. Dudley, Bro !
©., 24 yards, second; D, M. Daly, New West ia
A. C., 24 yards, third. Time, 48 2.4 seconds

Oneand-a Half Mile Run, Handicap Won by \

Riley, Belleville, N. J., 45 yards, T. G. Meé \
York A. C., 85 yards, second; T. G. Vogetlus, \a
A ~ 85 yards, third. Time, 7 minutes 2246
onds,

    

ytine

  

 

Ben Jordan Sails for England, 6

Ben Jordan, the noted English pugilist, {n
company with his brother Tom, sailed for} "
on the Ijicania yesterday. Jordan arrive
on the same ship a week ago vesterday, «

pecting to meet Terry McGovern at Mac: ‘
square Garden. The featherweight char
owing to the fact that he Is at present ted
with a lot of theatrical engagements, }
not face the Englishman before the law leas
izing boxing in this State goes out of exister
but promised to flght him Jater on. Jordar ‘ .
disappointed and concluded to return to bo
land. Before he left Jordan said to THe 5
reporter
‘I am surprised that McGovern would
While I don't wish to say thar !

tiliar

 

| not care about tackling any oneelse but ‘ »
Govern, What could T gain by meeting @

defeating some of the lesser lights? \\!

absolutely nothing. Here I have come 3

miles and must go back without a rmateh. W!

T get home I shall tell my frends that
ern would not meet me, That will
nice. T will come back to this c
time MeGovern consents to ight me

  

 

Polo,

NEWPORT, Aug. 25.—There was a mo*t
exciting game of polo to-day on ,
field of the West Cheater Polo (Clu
the contesting teams being the West (heete"
ind the Myopias, and the home team won |)
score of 16 to 12, they getting the wa
handicap. ‘Ihe West Chestera made but» \ &
in play, and one of these was taken uw
penalties, There was a large crowd at ‘'e
game, Thesummary:
_Safeties-Two by Watervury Foul
Collter. Goals in play-—Ey West ©!
handicap, #: penalties, 1. Final seore-i4, MP4
Goalstn play—!2

The line-up was as follows

West Chesier—1, E. Reynal, 3:2,R 1. ¢

“Ky

esta ’

 

3. J. M. Waterbury, Jr, 7: b
Total handicap, 18 ne

opie -1,C. G. Riee, 4; 2, R. G. Shaw 2 7
5, KL. Agissis, 9; back, FB Fay. 4 Jota 4
cap, 25.

Harness Races at Holyoke.

HOLYOKE. Aug. 25.—The most successtu ha!
Meret ever held here closed today with the po-
2:35 pace. Dunkhurst was withdrawn afier
@ heat, being out of condition. Jt was his fr
Succeed lost a hopple in the last heat and
distanced. The summary

2:35 class, pacing; purse $300
Battle Axe, b. &. (Story)
Plower Boy, b. g. (Miller)
Succeed. b. &. (Quick)
Bessie Edgemark......... °
Dunkburst, b. € (Rue)...

Dime~—2:27%4 2:22% 2:

  

 

PU

oan
oap
‘bel
1c
ou
In

ow
Ia.

oul.

-
ame
Club
wr

con
two
Hai

wie
Fis
helf,
Ove
Ha
lister
WwW. Da
Fish,
Mich
It
the
matd
ape

Gu
man
coun
rou
rad
the a

Pr
101,

Be
ney.
92,1
G D.
Thay

To
to T,

our
aon
ft me
cepte
have
the t

le
tord
read
fort
satief

or
vu
anc
el
d,
mell,
Took
Nath
Ch
man
cham
exper
Such
Broo
Quind
u
i i.
NE
hand
place
peti
recei
Wilko
pein
score
Dr.

92.6
aw %
A
MI
John
114
Patric

Mo
the p