SCNDAT, JANTARY 28, 1912. P

Cloudy and continued cold to-day; snow, with I
rising temperature to-night and to-morrow. ie
Detailed weather reports will be found on page 15.

    

 

' \ ! ‘ | Vie NO, han, + N EW YORK, SUN DAY, J ANUARY , 1912,.—« opyright, 112, hy the Sun Printing and Publiahing Association FIFTY-SIX PAGES. PRICE FIVE CENTS. i

 

 

Mishap in Town Delays Tits Progress for Dealer Over Phone Told His Thought She Was Mrs. Lawrence an

FAGINNERS AND A BALL oes (2220 eioee MEETS HER MATCH s.r too, VISITED BY BURGLARS cous ttt. wae AE REFUSED RYAN HELP

hie uae tha station at 5.58 o chock 1 the telephone in his Whitelaw Reid's the other night to meet -
’ esterdavatternoon, was fourteen minutes Cigar shop t tiem Second avenue ves the Dukes 1 Duche re tht. did }
ees () ’ <tr me int ; ; ‘ i ; iru pa i i dic 7 i Tike ane chess ¢ onnaught, di — .
ees 0 Ohio Men Nostrums bite. The President was accompanied as Mrs. Dewar of Philadelphia Beats terday afternoon and heard a mate voice They Woke Nobody, Ransaeked not recognize her Royal Highness when Watterson’s Offer Was Mado to i
STONE VOU SIRT UCTS tr RIE dethet Mech Tea eee Hor in Fencing Bout at may. “Your daughter Dora has heen kid Rooms, Took Kasily Port- | !#ter in the evening abe approached him. | Him—Ile Was Not Delighted, |
Rig Reeepti Nene tan ; ; ‘ napped and is being abused ina cellar at : : ‘ Oh, Mr Carnegie,” said the Duchess, but Said No i
ie od } onl, iformed policemen and half ao dozen ( olony ( lub. Fiftv-seventh street and First avenue.’ able Valuables, ‘TL want to meet vou: Dhave heard so much ’ Ne

17S WHIRL INTOWA esters BRAOWESS OE MEYER, SNe, wck so JB MIRGANR'SHOUSE. SSE 8? 7 eS WILSON MAKAGER SAIS

 

street) answe

 

 

secret service men A dozen

 

 

    

 

 

1 ’ . '
Heady ai rs detectives met the train as Unger dropped the receiver and sprinted about you" Ta RE aaa an
ITE ‘ . Hopatied inte the termina The President for the nM ndieated. He hed ‘ jy doubtfully “7 ny . Narre j
vid rik ND OF} ; mt a TY or Nope or corner imneadieate ® searen ; : an . a na The laird looked at the lady doubtfully. | ¢ OLONE TRIED IT TWICE ne
) WN! FLAW and his party got into two automobiles TOUCIE ONLY WAS COUNTED wavern| lwenirente, bub found hothihg of CAME OUT BY FRONT DOOR 'Ldbn'c balleve yoo knew really @t JONEL 4 E iM
i fol ‘ cena
i i 4 lowed by oa third automobile. a pa Dora Then he ran home Dora met hit iitinsctieeneaasiiialiials am,” the latter said after they had talked is ay,
7 *orlios Yepartinent machine carrving the t . } ¥ ae.
inner if ‘ e ‘i , 2 ‘ee at the door for some time n' . p
( C of c st it mans and ty detectives, started for the home of A dndge Says Privately That the English Unger staggered into the house, told Mir. Morgan Misses o Wateh His Father “60h ves | do,” protested Mr. Carnegie Col, "Wear ties ae cae He i }
Ctaty ane Vitrohters int Pa a ’ ’ ” ’ ‘ ’ = é . ? r
‘: My TBICRS OF ‘ her, Henry Wo Taft, at ah West Woman Was the Wetter at his daughter what had happened and Gave Him and Some Prized ‘you are Mrs. Lawrence “ , via ‘ ey a
Tavoh Dance, 1 ‘3 Rhth street Voils. dropped toconserous. Dora telephoned Curios The Duchess did not deny it, but later Court of Honor. i |
- Vt Portieth street and Seventh avenne a to the North Bast Dispensary in Bast Mero Carnegie found out his mistake and
Cie enagine of thre in which th Presi rift tov} treet, but by the time Dr ae \ } ae od |
Patt back in New York for ant @ ‘ Setnnean da Atevar ine - Mi ait ny ’ _— .), When he went to the Duchess to say goot at Co Vileon' e e j
nthe . t it w riding ea few grunts and Baroness de M rinet Mra, William jinninski responded Unger was dead The home of J. Po Morgan, Jr. at 231 night he apologized |. Ihe Hove i!son's iieneaere me ' {
CCMMANING ana a quiet Sune | stopped Thies miaeb ine chind H.Dewaro? Philadelphia yesterday after- Fle fad overtaxed his heart Madison avenue was entered ty burglars Oh, Vil alwavs be Mrs. Lawrence to! delighted with the suggestion” of Col j "
Ni brother ’ Steppe the t ' } t ’ " ¢
al er, Henrw W topped, the ree wal all ‘to- Hook at the Colony Club to: crom: foils Unger's son, De. Henry Unger of 118) some time between midnight Thursday vou." laughed the Duchess Watterson that he hoped to induce i |
lust night at the Wal # aS | Inee Th the discal ' 1 mote a and was defeated. Since she arrived here Harmon avenue, Brooklyn, was noted night and early Friday morning Seor Thomas F. Ryan to contribute to the i i ;
' ; } Svnt wy vind that meth ‘ ogrgred 4 ¢ ne ‘ ther's Wee 7 ; > : . : ‘ : i
ore his fellow Buckeyes | / se ; i : ‘ Batts from England the bareness has been anx- | 8d he went at once to his father’s house. oi able number of articte Rta POPE HEARS BELLS OF VENICE. wiicon campaign fund is asserted by
‘ chine and atit would take some Then he went to the Bast Fiftv-fipst street uw uo wre We ‘ . | r
Hurrving from the wo is 4 ’ r tous to show her skill, Several weeks ago hen a H i ss i ff ; : si ,! Were etolen, The money value of ti Col Watterson and denied by William 7
{ a - per bteres mt cat ‘ anted to knov ha ‘ ' va! . Pe > . . HI
al. ; 2 om LT thintites devoted to tt varnination there wa have beonaboutat the Colony, ld be done to the man who sent the articles, said to be at least 88.000 6r $7 64 SHOT Crary BART BR FI Us pet UP) Cz ERSU RIE Re MeCOM te) Whosays he is the manager ‘ H :

 

His Homesichness.

         

dehine Clib, when the Baroness de Meyer met false telephone message in case he were js much less than their Hipgiorieal and say : of Gov Wilson's campaign. Mr. McCombs ae
t ! and Wes pralle ptothe P { eur ; the Aties Subd! Marston oftCaliforn butitwas caugh The poltee didn’t) know, burt eeatlinental’ Va ; Pate e a ' 7 ee = Ait Ld rhe “ey, m6 ieee fone eaves Col Watterson volunteered the eug- ae |
ere es . ! ‘ { ut ' ' ‘ ‘ wert +? ’ eOrMG tat ef i” y) ave ‘
eit Cl . a Heat, Se tary Hil oe an 1 ‘Maj " 's itt. ned OF Be Tne Jest i ee DOCaIEE hon ‘i ' ; . ae Pe avery effort is In ing made hy the ‘ rahence this week to a humble friend, ee to him and ee 1
OO) Ktepped across to the other maching, the Me baroness said that Miss Marston was Vier had lived in the district for sice | €i¥e bureau under Second Deputy Com.) the parish: priest of his native town of I said to him that we could not take ae
OE HO) Te neopat ae Fyice men | Into the potice 4 4 refessional, this being vigorously de- vou 7 He was a member oft! missioner Douwhertv. former!s i the Nine whom he told of his remedy for Mr {van's money and that such con- I }
ft} Home ' wit the tectives It nied by the California girl ‘ialiat ¥ Tammany dis Pinkertona. to fihd iim loot homesicknes inibutions were not within the spirit i
hters of Jacob inthe Seventy. wa t tle yw at the ee The bout of vesterday was held in the oro: ton and Wadnt an eneniy in the Nhe family was in the house at the time... Sis at a | es Ve 2 ee Teatan of the Woodrow Wilson campaign.” a |
- i th ai t , ‘3 i the ie < ; of wi a i oy eee a Ca ian hac Sn ietilat ' ¥ lat he . Sa at had and no one heurd the intrude hie vatiaged 4 ive eal nteasion marie of au a 7 a sine eaye Col, Watter- f
ra ie pA eee al Wien the President reacted jie) YOmeN Of the fasnional Ie audience had O° ee servants have all been questionedandeach the sounds ot tie bell when it first rang out £00 replied that “money and not patriot- |

got a whoppir

 

reception t cain if

brother's house at 1143 last night he t@ keep on their furs and wraps This MOTOR CARS RACE ON HUDSON, ®ve that he heard nothing Awatchman fon the reconstructed campanile of ism counts in a Presidential campaign.” a
sa ci i ‘ . é Je ™, : = Py

J

]

ieplanted Ohioans and many asked Dr Thomas Lo Rhoads, Cos A, chilly atmosphere, however hod no efect nploved across the street says that he Santa Maria last April) The Pope said) Here is Mr. MeCombs’s statement, mada,

’ ’ t 1 , ‘s - e hie rapt 5 } of
irneved from out Columbus } physician, to examine his throat, be ithe two fencers in their four minute qoentg Wins Fitts Sills lke ‘Onsli aw o light Nain humborot tines anh t the priest as the phonograph wa as will be seen, as voluntarily as any- |

 

 

 

    

  
         

             

  

   

         
       

 
       
     

 

 
         
  

    

       

   

   

     

           

           
     

   

 

   

     

   

 

   

               

 

   

    

       

   

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

    

 

 

 

    

 

 

 

 

' t , I
‘ ist to Ohio’ssixth Presj. Cau he was a littl hoarse after bts pout with fo Soth declined toabic started: hody's
| iNT itt prey ab with thefolle, Both dectined toabide Autos Skid) Dangerousty first and second floors of Mr. Morgan's “Close your eves and hear the seund ’ |
‘ nr ur rea erm i verre t } 8 lhe reott . 1 ne , rreeang } an 7 Oo n | }
Pa speech v the regular rules of fencing. agreeing frei Knerig in wu Mercedes cat won hou.ce The flashes were like Ghose of an oof the ls and you will feel that you : rim eee Se cae e |
Was no suggestion of ; : tee annie a ; : a ue or Gey tlson, whieh ave managed,
‘ j $400,000 FIRE IN PITTSFIELD. that the “touch” only should ¢ Ht and tie dfty mile ra the frogen Hudson electric dark lantern such as is used by are back in dear Venice J have received al! of the contributions |
ndemnati @ita this was unfortunate so far as the River yesterday after n. ‘The startieg present day burglars The watchman ‘ made to it 1} assume responsibility for ]
‘call Old Academy of Muste Burned — Factory | bareness was concerned, as one of the jine was off the estate of John TD Aret told this to the policen who stands on $00,000 JEWS HERE. them and | knew all their sources They { :
‘ nt Miu District in) Danger. dges said errant after the victory bold at ‘tarrvtown, and the course tocol Hen hawt HAE GEMIIKCCERBCEHET noe uniforn lv heen made by people who :
seed that Pirrsrrenp. Mass. dan. 28. The } i heen BWarOed to Mrs ee DACAURE ¢ racers down the river to Irvington, oo era \ACAO ACRGUA KIA NRStAMEL eee Dr. Jacobs of the Hebrew ‘ae "i rr ex rhs g ne SO Mane RUS f
: z . : aroness de Mever was by far the better Sere nik ik There was son lelay <' iat ileal ay ! i . ak 0 ie ideas ' ‘ ‘presents o
Pher tice Academy of Musie building and the Miller gan ese . ; , here ve ' Mr Morgan's house is on the southesst Population of This City, one of them expects any other return |
teousness he said, that do not build adjoining it, in the heart of the Ml Hawa? i i‘ n . Pe ne ‘ we 7 4} cornel i t In Joseph daecobs, editor of the Amerie Any communteation which has been had \
re ewary ve ve itender Wit the ' ! n i ' th
majority of voters for their VUSitess section of Pitt 1 ower ‘ a} ' ase Y ¢ : e like at. pL +t : the midadl did ¢: Hetees estimates that the Jewish between mivself and Col, Watterson ree }
au mi i f ei e hopped ¢ he stave [ke ttle ie Genie Rs . :
itl \ stroyed by a fire which started about 1). aa ‘ ; ; ‘ : ae ts . "not see th ery population of this city on January 1 was garding campaign tunds has taken place i |
t rT) » he “ Her ‘ ‘ atitar Kore r her t t ( ) . r ' ’ ‘ ’
ae Deen peso kt ornir The fire at 2 A.M Ms + : pee , ; ie a PROUT eas a. A Thea nined 06, to Dr. Jacobs bases these figures I versonal interviews between him and | |
would mean the end of law ws thr a row of factory buildings py, eet ati inra oat, ae E e aoe how the thieves entered the | their on the records of the number of Jews Myeel Phere aye . two interviews a
@ fest the Peoaident letitbeknowh init Sel Blech iad : : ‘ Dr. Graeme Mo Hamner eu thorateaf speed. The drivers were soot ae ee es : ean: Pee IMMER a PRIA elo I intensely dishke to make a public
, PI ERBU " UPrnitae Putin Nd) be oheverria of the New York Athletie Cl ‘ fwith asnow cut up by the wheels means of exit was easily seen the front ears statement of a private conversation. and t
nig . r } t} ‘ , : P . te aoe = : = wis ” ; three . . 7 . t w ’ ° hee nd larria ! t s
ews mighty proud to be a son of # entire re fighting force of Pitts! 1 Charles Tatham of the Fencers and Prof tid t fy now coated their goggles door was left wide open when they de Mint ts) ORGS coe : . tt regret very much that Col, Watterson has Bl
great cheers] and that New York, Is attem: to contine » the 1Wo) Piannelli of the Now York Athletic Club: « ie Ginna i orien tay anced Thess records are kept by the United | poreed me 0 #0 |
rybody knew, owed a good ce huitdings already destroyed Justice Jan ne “\.) Gerard acted as master wit re n Ti aleo gz nae eengine Phe first and second floors of the house Hebraw Charities. Dr, Jacobs estimates In October of last vear I had a general Ho
' i t At Dave knocalls f Lhad vet been ; oi , an natant faite me a - were pretty well ransacked for small that the Jewish population on dulv 1, conversation on Presidential polities with el]
nence ar rosperity the 1 thie te irik is were kept buss ‘ ; : .
rea ithes : ae sent to Albany North Adams. 4 unt ily 4 is ner . { articles of value Nothing of much was 825,000, Tt was estimated in Col, Watterson at the Waldorf, where he
ee n the Buckeye State bs “ 1} ' ' te t NEDY Was Precetier Vv three enthusiastic crowd cheered Ui ATTY rried ay tr rool in|! that there were 60,000 Jews in this *%@* stopping 1 visited him at his sug-
2 Pe The NACIEAL | s to call Upar mits between Dro Graeme H. Ham- racers as they sped over the course, and (0% sees BEST eae = gestion In the course of that conversa.
‘ the President arrived at the -f the firemenvares athe CF ne the ond and W. Scott O'Connor, the latter +h @ sigt eewraiutlt big bonfires of old Which the members of the household | ¢ ne cD tion he gave it as his opinion that a lar |
: : tir eading to tt factory | . 5 ; ; were asl were let entirely alone, but ou ! anes mild t ed i
jorf at 7:30 P. M. he was we med by ‘ £ ‘ of the Feneers Club. in an exhibiti railread ties by which they tried to keep I ne, ! * rmount of mone would be needed and
im So Hawk, president Heide helps OxSary ind there was an exhibition of duellin Wart ; © the dressing rooms were looked over FOR JUSTICE. HARLAN'S PLACE. volunteered the suggestion that he would |
. , nt two} riot hitenis 1 ea ; ‘ One of the articles which the detee- . go and see his friend Mr Ryan, and that \
ety, and by ex-Gov. Myror : swords and sabres by Dr. Gignoux of the t the turns the cars skidded danger . . :
aie Soo Ma \ ich $1 ‘ ' Nees AEG ' & our ¢ ah i Ai he turns the cars skidded da re tives hace been asked particularly to| President Taft Looking With Favor on he was sure he could induce him to make
cr, ex-Lieut.-Gov. Warren New York AthleticCliband Prof. Murray. ously, but they kept going without m Caw lane aaie ; 5 |
‘ The ground floor of the Academy of ' f , : : look for is a watch given to Mr Morgan Judge Baker of Indiana. avery large contribution to the campaign |
others who formed the ‘ i at ye The silver cup ofered by Mrs. Payne haps. Sometimes they were dangerously 7°) ; | ' si I said t im that we could not take Mr.
nmittee. A detail of the luste was ocenpied by JH. Cone’s saloon, | Whitney will be taken to Philadelphia’ pear hitting some of the more enthusiastic DY his father. Several other A les) WASHINGTON, Jan. 27.- President Taft: py, Fo Ryans money and that sueh Fe
i the Seventh I iment the the Berkshire Hardware Company. the ty Mrs Dewar of the spectators, particnlarlynear Irving are also on the list the loss of which Mr. | is said to be looking with favor on the Gontributions were not within the apirit i
' “ loot? r t > a] . 4 " - ; ri t Is . : he , Sy, ‘ ; :
rins of their corns tuned up : Qutley Clothing Company, the Albi Among those in the audience were Mrs. ton. where several thousands had gath- Morgan te keenly The are only name of Frank Baker of Indiana, Judge of the Woodrow Wilson campaign. His
Hin the corridor. Then the bugler and ‘48> Grocery Store, the Western Frank Hunter Potter, Mrs. Frederick Y. ered to watch the race a few of the things stolen but the rest! of the United States Cirowit Court of reply was ‘7 \
the fifers and drummers let go with Telegraph offices, Cluett & Sons, Dalziel, Mra. James B. Townsend, Mixa. Koenig in fintehing firet with the Mer- | 4re of less importance in the eyes of their Appeals, for the Seventh Circuit is not | have been in noliticn fifty sears und |
* ’ cleaters F Cooney stationeryw” store ' . r - owners j nN epresented it he Supreme Cour know that meney and net patriotism counts P|
shing quickstep The Sy sx Hor ‘ Townsend e Misses Gitbert, M I des made erage speed of 65 miles now represent in the Supreme Court. H
Ang 4 Katep, hor rn ' ! ced yade an averag ; ' mi a timate ai } + aten
‘and plaved tha Prasidentand bine ind Sweeney & 0 nner, clothiers The Parsons Morgan, Miss Morgan, Miss Mary a ie Afiinall- in the: Hudson. wae Phere is a watchman employed to watch [t embraces the States of Indiana. Ilinois as Ree er at Pe er y i i
‘ ; i ari hour nal t n, Sas . # . epee 1 to o at = é we f
to the table of honor , ve was used for moving pictures Eno, Mr. and M Carl von Mayhoff Miss second and Frank Free, ina National, was the house from the outside, but Mr. Mor- and eCONS Judge Baker has been _,,., d not t the mone) 4 iy in De }
sid vande e. The Miller Building was 1 ) Mt ) - oR ‘ : san has never had a watchman indoors. strongiv i rsed by the bench ¢ bar ; cee \ ; 1's
f . . Pr 7 i dorothy fanic Percy Bramwell, Miss thir tronglv indorsed t the bench and bar .,, hin a j s ee
ROARING WELCOME FOR TAt given upt Pee 4 Sattin Mt ; , Nita 7 den Hi erin ' " . ‘ teat w rranged bet weer Phere is a watchman on the inside of of Indiana and by many lawyers of prom- ee foe \ Of, i i. i. aeririben ee
y e Ohioans jumped to their feet and The Academy of Mu vas t In ASTL vy 4 Morgan, M i Mi x a : papureting cht 1 i Pe Wal LPM house at Thirty-tifth ‘nee throughout the Seventh Cireuit { ne answer 't him tt “Th i t
; 4 y y aire Iss nne rgan it al Ira. Stespote } {1 Loek's ice vacht Belle eter a . thet See : i ere it > Heo "t) made t! Site Alls we oO him vat ac 4
re { Wwe « i Ww } “ t aL ‘ 6 tract ’ eae ary ¢ 7
1a we " t i We 1 Qua i veat Nenuicl ‘1H. Olin, Miss Elnie De Wolfe. Mrs. William to; Sapan Rrawiiarbrank Gouide trots (nes son avenue, and also Judve Baker sits in the court at Chi- made before } }
aie oa BERING re Hee NO BORG EN Say) on Wi = the present owner It Was). Guthrie, Mrs Eugene Sands Willard, rer ( now! i Koenig in his Mercedes OPC OF fthe home of Herbert: cago most of the time. His home is ! Leard nothing further from Col Wat. ¢
his characteristic, frictionless smile, . > ‘ - 5 77 * . © n ang Hoenig i his eS y Senet ¢ Lines ft) Sete terson on the sult t and thoug) | HH
. the only theatre in Pittstield to Pde, W in Fuller, M iry, Bar ’ { r had tr le and t! I. Satterlee at Thirty-tifth reet and at Goshen, Ind. He is a son of John fersen on the subject and thought no more 7
exchanged greetings wit! ndre : : t ! Iss ny ron ade cay The car had engine trouble and ' “ : AP Aa DORVAMEATIONA fiivceana: el a
meee ie 7. : i \ uy W whe ' er Was i Phe Academy! Mever, Mrs. Albert G Jerinings, Mrs. race was won by the sehich made c avenur M s cr: if a who served for many yeare ‘ i i ! ° i : I a e nes 5 him at
”, litelaw Ket Mis Atntwissador Afins nda the & er building oc ast 7 . . ’ 2 : emploved the neid : ‘Stites fra taiit See , Since ‘ " tnistake no re is
ngland With Postimaster-Genera : ” | ', ‘i aoa 7} Newlin Hooper, George Lediie, Mr here | Nae: EF n = in 58 seconds mie } ‘ r 1 St = Distri Judge ! An implication perhaps in Col) Watterson'’s i \
’ ' the ! Pals at, r Vorth stres het ‘ ‘ ‘ . = yak ears go the striot ’ , : ve dk i
ck and others near himat the mais _ ; 4 ') Mrs, Walter Maynard, the Misses Louise ‘The pacer hat an allowance and finished , : . j 1G) sr eets ‘ Indiana Judge John jetrer to senator ‘Villman probably pot iia
qs : lad 1 oO ‘ A Ragie and Senn streets nd Anna Sands, Miss Mahel Choate, Dr. second. This is the first time such a entered and a consic e amo H. Baker retired as District Judge soon jatended—to the effect that he secured uy
eal len settle down is . ‘ ' , ‘ Pte f trian ; 7 i
: ’ . : Phe thermometer registered 9 degrees Wijiiam M. Polk, Miss Diane del Monte. h of property was stole ifter his son was appointed United States funds for this campaign from Mr Rean q }
helow zero at 2? o'cloe} However, there -ohert Grave fom Att i ‘on = ve When the robbery discovered Fri- Cireait Judge Judge *® Frank Baker Neoosueh contribution has been made, and TR
linner of the Ohioans was one of i, no wind ; ? ha Rone they 1 th a pte I a "Wd JV ‘ 5 day mornings Mr Mor Pecommunicated was nit cad f 7 x ir wit Jud ‘a ae this of conrse Col Watterson well knows Ba
keratin itch atte George Rose, Mra, Newbold Le Roy Edgar. CAN'T INVITE KING GEORGE. (7, "oii jl" dorean communlsaied wae nouninated fo Be eh Uilanenue tetera bE iF
s (Uh lew 3 Oelrichs onurv Oder] ‘ ‘ eekali tee ' Y esident WIOSEVE i
dohere for a long time More NEGRO SLICED POLICEMEN int Mr. Sat hina, 0 i Hit. ¥ Commissioner Dougherty was told. of eee ete are rendering a real service. 1 will specify 1
4 _ 4 iN. 13 ‘ 6 ree no . , ‘ ‘ :
were at table and others came in ri h ; ; an t an a sai nm If tie Comes the Suggestion Must First thal naan! iithe-munii inte nnd chacge FIVE DAYS ADRIFT IN A BOAT one respect Since the beginning of these 4
= } ‘ . airs. F homas its. Muvyvesant Ish " + * f . . . f | att =] ave received | 1k il anv
hear the President speak 2 Come From England. ' : tawn:t ' tty t Y ‘ ' ve received Ih my matt man
ew banquets of en t Salat } First Attached Woman in Brooklyn Street) Miss Lota Robinson, Mrs. William | - Eas ; ; and the town is br Prey tHOnou , antares small contributions trom allover the coun |
I : 4 is st a it si ieties waive kate Malte dot Mestuets: Rind Ac Hugene Gallatin, Mr. and: Atre WastINGron, Jan. 27 The or es- scoured in the search for the miusai Philippine Teachers and Their Baby Withe | from 1 who hase not been aaked !
‘dat the table of honor so many 2, tations of po om 0 wal wroperty rticularly those pieces which te t nn ta tthae :
tinguished in statesmanshit 4 negro attacked a white worm at tl Franklin Mott Warner, Mrs. Henry Bel), S00! f popular good feeling toward property, partieulity : ! “a pre When out Feed in Disabled Launch. cia t {whom neither | nor Gov ia
nyu ) a Marstity ; ch : Mrs. Charles A. Childs, Miss Augusta the Foglish during the recent visit of were pointed out by Mr. Mor an as being 7 : A Wilson | the tters all convey $
ns, in business and affairs, COPner ¢ Phird avenue and Ba a ; ( hilda, Mire Guetav a i M H ; d the Duke of Connaught have convinced irreplaceable because of their associations mre ; mie af o THE Stn evpressioie Of resentment at the untair a
s is toastmaster was the Brooklyn.alittleafter midnight lastnight. Mids, Mrs. Grusta asinek, Mrs, Howare ss ; ; eat, t Manita, dan. 27, Two school teachers, and concerted atta that are being {
é i i a Cy » Mr.andM J. F. A. Clark. M Washington officials that a visit to the From the amount of oking about (th cet Whaekws that are being made
Ane AP ahaOhin Bartiat The woman's screams attacted two police ishing, Mr and Mrs. + ark Iss ; ’ ; Arthur Young and bis wife of Maasin !
1 hio » y, W ms } vobut
“Y ‘ T me AU ; atest) Gilder, Mrs. Carl Strakosch, Mrs.William United States by King George and Queen that was done by the intruders itis bee gd oe reste. 4 at ati ; ‘
resident aft was placed at tmnen, Who were slashed by the negro with eee a oe ae ac... 'Mary would t : ia he |i t at | ith " t Slane eyte, report enduring j
care aa i are Old 5 ~~ | Mary woul e most pleasing to the lieved that at least two men were at work ‘ ae . { +
«right, while Warren G. Harding was a heavy clasp knife before he was subdued . ae age eae res . countey: at late. Thus fate however, | lh tha: house and tut. they kant very hardships on a visit of inspection WATTERSON HAS PROOF r
1 r : i - eect ) , a WAVE ing rs. A. Murray Young, Mrs . et peck met ° ; : mee . eS i RC vols of the distriet which thev or /
Hawk's left The others at the The policemen, Felix Bogue and James et 5 ‘ . ; - 4 r hools « 1e distri hich vr eacsk ecnehluneleee
‘ ‘ Stan Ty la ‘ , anion the State Department has received mo busy for at least an hour
ible were Ambassador Reid, Leddy of the Bergen street precinet PRIA RS EPA DHE a William alenins intimation from any source that the 1 nfidential ' t yester- OO" emopatied by their three-year-old Qiters to Submit It to a Court of Honor ,
; ‘ arerrs t atio rom 3 sO a t ithe « dential list sent out ves ‘
« Carnegie, OscarS Straus. Fr ix heard the woman erving for help As Miss Sarah Hewitt, Mrs. BON. Breitung, ‘ i ‘ , : child) The gasolene launch in which they ’ 1
arneygie, Oscar Straus ancts : I Miss Breitung, Mr. and Mrs. Nathaniel 1 English ruler has such a visit under day to pawnbrokers without any indies Sp itace} rat ooh Won't Answer MeCombs, a i
a“ feo} ’ rick 4 8 Peruar thev Tan up thev saw i hegro Witt! 1s : “=r * vers : : +. we stiarte ron asin soon wewmne Une = t
H. "t pea ee . L it ire t “ t I She w ' fighting t t MeCready, Elisha Dyer, Mrs Fo MeNeij) consideration tion to what theft it relates is the curious | nageal It w without oat na Wasttnaron, Jan 27. Another letter / |
©. Leutze, Charles D Om s about her e owas fight o free | : A Owing to a traditional poliey which jrem o SGantae.! tha ict that epee as ae . MR GIS waning . { : i
to President ‘Taft; Adolph S ely The negro heard the policemen | Bacon, Mr. and Mrs. Lewis G. Morris, Mr } = ; ’ if { ly i siltains 5 See ety re ) or drifted out to nea eee Wa Peat ncliion recites
) ( alt, on ° | nT : ‘ as now | me firmly fixed the United 1 o he coll ‘ the rde vey t “sO ’ rover
Rad Unmmianionan Rhinelander onining and. tumed sol them fefore [and Mrs J. Allen Townsend, Mrs.Sandford ha n sy rm xed the 4 ee hangs f mothe cola ‘oF fe. dea it flouted aboutewithout meeting ane Harve atterson political controversy
Peete th | t their heat nto} | Kissell, Miss Doris Bissell, Mrs. Irving tetes cannot iny ite the ruler’ of any of the Garter, It isa jewelled “St. George other vessel for five days and nights, "MtY Seen be given to the public rhe ;
ty Warren W. Foster, Gen bye eould get the nigh licks ou io Brol M H - HOD HA. M nation to visit this country he un and the Dragon.” The knight's Pil : + ane RN letter in question is said to be one ad-
nett, George Gordon Battle, had slashed Bogue across the back and rokaW, M58 arry Uryea, Mrs ‘ Apnea Fs nari es Phere was neither food nor water ino the Eee ‘
ett, Georg «© nm Ba 1 OB apmunt \MorelaNing Alaw, Voealeatre io ritten law that mo President shall visit is of pearls, his rider is studded with)... ; iy reich : re _ dressed by Gov. Wilson to Col. Har vey at
j Burroughs, James § Allah, |) side of the Neth AG BAG. Our ue i Hoje M. Brady Harris and Mrs) Herbert M. @ foreign land during his term of office pubies and the dragon is in emeralds Ree ae oe ae SF ee the time of the Jackson Day banquet i
| Rogers, CH. Graves, Barron the face, Leddy was badly dis | Harriman prevents this Government from extend kei ee ‘es geen Ph pois oa sand held in Washingtor
| ‘ i f t 5 “Wi iniles from where they starte Ree t
Dr. Henry van Dyke, Pos | Many remained for tea in the club Ig We itations such as it could not accept, REBUKES BAD BOY ATTORNEYS. Wher a ' ‘ Ta HBHEAT ARE aI Ne Nae Phis communication, it is said by 2
ral Frank Ho Hitcheoet gro BIO Hh ROOn AL IRB eter the: fant ing bout Since the President: could not accept ver ‘ : ' t ly oe aa i i wane friends of Gov. Wilson, was phrased in ‘|
Murray Butler, president of corner. ‘The policemen followed and the invitation of any monarch that he were both teartully emaciated and suffer. ; . z
‘ ‘ ” { ‘ , ne { . > on i. rier \ te s ane = J llat 1 -
Universitv:i Major Archibald) knocked bim down with their nightsticks LEGALLY DEAD SHE SUES ‘ait : favaton i . d : Et GA ; ernie ay Beef Case Judge Threatens to) Keep yng, but the child was well Al] probably : . 1 erm i ‘ ers ie os ie o-
5 any ye 8 ' asteses . Ltpe os : : , - ” ‘ Visit a Toreig and, s Ms Grove on . \ a r rove (he dssertion o 0 utterso
militarv aid to the President; Ar ambulance surgeon took several ’ . has adopted the polley that it cannot ask Some After School. Will recovel that the New Jessev candidate treated i
\ Monsey, Henry W. Taft, brother stitches in the wounds of both policemen bet . . . he > Cureaco, Jan. 27 The examination of . : } 7 i
i : R kings or other milersto come tothe United AG i « ] H Col. Harvey in churlish manner when he
\ fent, District Attorney Charles and then fixed up the negro The police Nilsen Mabel E. Allen of Brooklyn After Stites Sreiner G Langher, margin clerk for the CONNAUGHTS BACK IN OTTAWA. asked Col. Harvey to remove his name
z : i anti ar i ‘ i ‘ ‘ i
i! John A. Sleicher, the Ke them were taken to their homes in the $1,665 That Others Got, Consequently any suggestion that hing Hammond Packing Company, in the \ + M ’ from the editorial page of Harper'a :
mA. Leonard, Walter Lo Mes ambulance, The negro was locked up. Boston, Jan, 27.-After three courts George and Queen Mary visit the United United States court where the ten in. | Viceregal Bary Makes a Quick anti ii sriande of Col. Hatvey anecrt {
rederick Ko Farnsworth, Roland on a charge of felonious assauit. He had declared her legally dead Miss Mabel states must come from England. The dicted packers are on trial here, was Smooth Trip to Canadian Capital. that the publication of this particular
WoC Brown, president of the said he was Nicholas Wilson, 42 years EB. Aiien, now of Brooklyn, wio has been form, to be followed would be that the mar! by spirited conflicts between Orrawa, Jan 27.—The Duke and. jorter will bear out assertions made by ee
entral railroad, and Dro. Lo old, of 162 Third avenue Brooklyn. The missing for twenty years, has appeared ritish Government, either through the counsel to-day. Judge Carpenter ad- | Duchess of Connaught and the Princess "Marse” Henry Watterson tnat Gov. Wiie | 4
knife had a four inch blade well sharp. in Boston and started proceedings to prove American Embassy at London or the monished the legal mento be less petu- | Patricia got back to Ottawa from New. son was offensive in his demeanor toward
\ty small tables one identified ened that she is alive and entitled to a | British Ambassador in the United States. lant and what might have been anem- | Yerk to-day Their train pulled into the! Col. Harvey at the conference held = in
Gen, Anson GG. MeCook, Phe woman disappeared while the fight of $1,665 under the will of Jonathan Merry. wonld inquire if it would be convenient barrassing situation was saved by At. /¢ entral Station at 1_o’clock They made tye Manhattan Club in New York
1 MeCook, George A. McCook, was on Miss Allen, who is 42 years old, has filed for thie country if the heads of the royal torney Levi Mayer of (he defence array, Bronte at path em pres " hae It may be stated on authority that the p
’ 4 : > ‘ eG i ety : a Montre i rere r
» Prout, Theodore P Shonts ; ILL STRIKE PEACE suit in the Suffolk | robate ( ourt. house should visit the United States who turned the mi er off in a joke was ho demonstration at the station there, Wilson letter now under discussion was 3
hy hkdwin Ho Witherbee, | NO M e a fhe United States Supreme Court, the -- Langher was under cross-examination The Duke and Duchess left their carand written by Candidate Wilson after he had 4
sell, William BE. Webb, George - ~ fall bench of the Massachusettr Supreme ARREST TWO IN SACRIFICES. when the tilt that marked the cliinax strolled about the station platform for heen apprised of the serious consequences
hichard D. Jennings,Willliam Lawrence Fears That the Workers Will) Judicial Court and the Suffolk county ; of the day arose about five minutes Meanwhile their! that mig! iI Pall disel re of t f
\ ‘ : ’ ght follow a full disclosure of his
(5 a Reel é ‘ ‘ oa ps ' 5 ; 4 P by : A ; ‘ars, the Cornwall and = York, were :
int Bo Sehley, Daniel G. Reid Make Trouble To-morrow, Probate ¢ aun at ms that 7 a "One a Woman, Supposed to Have Helped bFormer Judge John Barton Payne, eel tahadt FRA THeURU TATA fenin in fe alleged ingratitude to Col, Harvey !
Ciraham, Mely . galls pe : wi »~gally dea n the suit which she = av y y sel f » defence nn : Th . . maa nate
anh am, Iville hy. Ingalls, LAWRENCE, Mass., Jan. 27 To fight is legally « Mi Ai) ieeeet ti vil shed Blood Among Negro Fanatles, arrayed with counsel ror tie defence, had | anadian Pacitic Railroad Ottawa train The published Corresponde nee between }
I), Archbold, J. J. C. Clarke, . 018 anish” was the resolution of the has just filed Miss Allen alleges that the 1 : ' a the witness in hand \nother attorney ‘Phen the Duke and Duchess again got on Col, Watterson and Senator ‘Tillman of
0 i sh iam th s 0 nh ; ; Z ( ‘ >
Ho Truesdale, Samuel Sloan, ¢ 1 7 today following thelr rulings upon her case have been secured AKI CHARLES, La., Jan he at the defence table injected a question hoard and were off for the capital South Carolina concerning the rupture
- tril eanders O- the he i ; . 7 1 ORO ave . he huckets * 5 . ct "i . .
reme Court Judge Nathan B meeting last evening with President through the fraud and deceit of the people re nee G d sp iar bs 0 an Iekets Pierce Butler, special attorney for the phe NA fet si A RAKE Bay a th >| between Gov. Wilson and Col. Harvey. }
i : “etl libs 1B muses are ’ 1° i whic i“ ‘ ab ’ RAC! ? P P| regar z hi ripe. 18 uke, ,
Guy T, Scott, Li. 8. A., A. | Wood of the American Woolen Company to whom her estate has been distributed, | em eat e vor pa : ae ae Government, instantly offered an objection Pte ats A in ctea Patrinis and the rel in which the issue of veracity between
ter Jennings, kimerson Mee a lather milcatioiia in Bebton rhe Among the defendants named in her suit!" oe 3 letimns : the hi . , neat to this, and the legal lights soon were en- attenditite were met at the station by Col. Watterson and Gov, Wilson was
and othe ficials ir ato 1 eee ' ach in Ss Vicinity was arrested to-day, ; : " : ;
es W. Young, Franeis lL. General strike committee this morning #?é five cousins, "é ‘ , AOE ngs oi ~ rf ie gageatin rapid fire parley Judge Care two automobiles and were whirled out to raised, created considerable interest
witht . ,y . aa , ” eg reacher als f ‘ : \ it
1 MeAdoo, pr lent of the ayreed that further parley is out of the Phe legacy to Miss Allen came originally 4 secon 4 ion f AK Hiso Was HIKED enter intervened and said Government House among politicians to-day
, strates; Nor BB Ream, qtestion from the United States Government Mto custody at Crowley “Gentlemen, this must stop. If not 1 Sesame Senator Tillman declined to be inter-
\ Paggart, William Ho Porter Trouble is feared on Monday Some as a result of the payment of French Both were brought here to save them nai) have to send some little boys home RACE FOR A BRIDE. viewed further in regard to the incident
, } } e . ves who are either out of , ‘gor s from mob violence, although conditions ’ ~ :
H. Prentice, Qgden Mills Reiq, Of the operativas w spoliation claims whieh her great-grand- Bn ‘ and keen othe iter schoo! - - ay “oe Was long , .
enki, | DRG! pete BPN rk voluntarily or involuntarily have her, J th Merry. had i in Lake Charles are little better than in Bnd keep Obners ul ter BOlK BOY INE there WA Ho songer Ay iene
llins, Ralph Peters, P.oB. Gig that they are going to return to the father, doni vag i TY, Mae fees taealace TiN Graanhye Af enone fhe situation was embarrassing when Both Armed With Marriage Licenses) between Col Watterson and himself i
es AL MeCrea, Wo Benton nilis on Menday, and the strikers are the Government e died in 1828. Itis not OW!) We prisoners Are CNarRe  Atiorney Mayer arore and said“) have Guy Carleton Lee Appears to Have Won, ‘The issue is now between Goy. Wilson
im kK. Lewis, W. Butler Dun- planning a big parade to start at daybreak known where Mine Allen has been during With being accessories to the murder of yay a good boy Sun Repariny Gone They Vr for and Col. Watterson, and they must settle
2 rthe purpose o ve ese NeE sve ati ‘rT relatives j ends venty six pers ” ’ sADELY Pe race for a ; , on
hur Brisbane, Horace EK, An- tor the purpose of preventing these peo- the years th at pi her rela rv mand tris Det twenty six persons , “Yos,” renied Judge Carpenter, “you 4. is hotly contested that both + . it for themselves So far as he was
it B. Hamilton, Neodariok 1.) jue: elthor bs force or a show of strength hive suppose er xe Gein She Bliza Richards is the woman under | ra antitiadiin littiblan Gartofimentt. ride Bo hotly ec L rmen' NOARHGA Manitan Mllinno> aonkidarad
‘ ' ‘ from entering their places of emmploy- alleges that she never had any knowledge arrest. Wilham Roberts is the second 4 1 aattecad hue c IDEN ie Boel gp took ont licenses to marry the same | Concerned senator filiman consigoere
Robert Olyphant, Charles qnentat7 \ Mo ‘The military authorities, or notice of any of the proceedings until preacher King Harrison, the first \ Me TEENS TOT BURBION OF oman seems to have been won by Guy the Mattar settled and ended
led States Senator from Ohio; on the other band. do net purpose to after the case had been argued before preacher arrested, still is being held as SON, MRA aA \ ‘ fan" ihe } ae ete Col. Watterson in a formal statement
: : . . +P the United States Supreme Court She ert oe ea fhe “red books” of the packers were Carleton Lee, the author, poet and his
lhomas Emery, Orion H, allow the people who desire to work to th \ | She being the prineipal in the crimes. Hat infeadiiced i avidende today, Muah : suggested that the controversy be settled
’ preme Court Justice Francis be interfered with also says she had no knowledge that she rison is in Jail at Lafayette ig been said about them, and when they OLA ” , by a gentlemen's court of honor The
nT \ Vail. Wade William D. Haywood, nationalorganizer, Was entitled to the estate and that her The women and Roberts are silent as to jp rah inio view ull aut upto tala “Twon the girl,” said Lee before leaving ‘ li rN
’ eadore al ade ofthe Industrial Workers of the World, Whereabouts during ber entire life could! the murders, saying only that they know ves “4 iy volumes were ¢ tha mw ‘i te Philadelphia tosnight with his bride statement Was aa follows ee
Galloway, James oS. Ales> gent the following telegram thisafternoon have been ascertained by any one mak- yorhing about them ie Shand - eet tale a at atv But he said that a return would be made “Ininy letter to Senator ‘Tillman | prom-
i Po Snyder, Raymond (, to Samuel Heberling, president of the ing a reasonable effort to find her, The investigation now is proceeding ht WAR OA DOOt ; ; arnt from the license secured by bis rival, ised proof of any statement made by me
| ( [iN rieat jonathan Merry was one of the famous ; ; : > the Government seems to consider them ae hw g ; A ’ ;
Horace ©. Stillwell, Herman A, SWitehmens' Union of North America sone path "Bost He left hia | upon the theory that two other persons, (4.4 jowela in the case. ‘They will be the | John H. Ayer, formerly of Boston, Lee that might be disputed) Goy, Wilson
: “ rfive thous , sinvolyved men of his time in Boston, He left his large ikely . ' : ! a : . nea sve fr 2 rt. + ; ;
Isaae Ko Bunk, Col, William i , rik oe it uaane penis nwolved estate to be distributed equally bet worn ey | iaoly, Including pncher womai. subject of further investigation A short ba od here tran Balelgn, N.C. arriving denies that | had any authorization trom
: ; ia he he , , al 5 oF ; \ co rlote eo a ‘ Sea walt : ; am : yesterdi wn ; : ; “ ea
vy S. Kip Col Austin Cole ace you to contribute assistance by asking bis four ebildren, one of whom was Eliza>! murders in the negro families in this sec. UM pete! 4 he obra phess Lanier Dr, Hildegarde H. Langsdort. of a bit or any agent of his to raine money for
Wagenhals, Collin Kemper, alfunion men under you to refuse tomake beth Chapman, grandmother of Miss) tion ws turned over t jovert MW TOP | Cumberland county family and a prac- his campaign
; , Allen. The latter was born in New York , redirect examination. He will resume the ae "5 : \ f
Hearn, Collector William up any traios With ears going tear trom eet MI a ' The arrests to-day have done anything atund Monday morning tising physician in Carlisle, Pa, is named i hive the preof hat [not only have
1 oH. Kracke, Samuel G, Lawrence excepting cars bearing sup- the only vi id of 3 i hintna Sherburne | jy quiet the negroes of the rice belt and . eres Bevan! in both marriage licenses. Ayer said he guthorizacion but tha, Lactually rained o
; ilies for strikers Allen and doseph ¢ len excitement to-night is so intense that an —— _— ve Was a resident of Chester, Pa., whe i : , r
srence Ro edwards, Dr. | K ; . ' Considerable sum. ft hold imyself ready f
yy ; ° ‘ foutbreak would) occasion no SULp rine ONE NIGHT OUT £4) PADS BEACH. making application for his marriage . A ° '
actonald, Myron ‘T. Her- DEWEY'S SI PERTOR pon WINE SEABOARD A 18 LINE RY. Numerous additional deputy sheriffs are | DAY VONA, | RMON} sl a a STINE ive 2 license. veo he is not known in Chester €2 furnish this proof to Senator ‘Tillman at
able ' i, ‘ Dlescents : si ° ’ . shest t mt an na; “Flori : . : _— ‘ “a “ 4 4
«ye iqyauabie ar invalids “aad Cunselewrenis, Greateat Winter Mesort Houte, | Beal serstce in duty and nearly every negro man of Rowe. aulekest to Man ant ayia Horie Grin Carlisle. Ayer left Philadelphia tor once if he will do me the honor personally |

Continued on Fith Page, | ~Aee. resorts, 4 fine trains. Ing. 1184 B'way.— Adv, j we several parishes involved is armed, | Adv. | Boston yesterday. . | te call on me, as 1 am confined to my hote¥ ‘