————

XIT.—NO, 360,

£.

VOL. L

MINERS WRONG, SAYS HEWITT,

 

THE COAL OPERATORS, ARE Dr.
PENDING AMERICAN LIBERTY,

 

If the Demand of the United Mine Work.
ere Were Conceded the Right to Work
Would Be Denied to Others Than
Themselves —It Is Not Arbitration
That Is Wanted, but the Stern Represe
ston of Violence-—-The Ex-Mayor Advo-
cates a Law to Prevent Such Strikes,

Han Harrnor, Me, Aug. 25.- The Hen
Abram S. Hewitt, when asked to-day
wletherarbitration was not the ly means

that remained whereby the gre. anthra-
cite coal etrike might be ended and whether
i was an equitable solution of the diffi-

culty, said
You ask whether the time has not arrived
for arbitration in order to end the coal strike
in the anthracite regions. | think the time
} wrrived When the plain truth should be
told vs well to the striking miners as to the
publle from some recognized advocate of
trade organizations as beneficial agencies
for the improvement of the condition of

wi emet
yiarter of a century T have uni-
for »aintained the right and the duty of
gestions, both on the part of employers
and ¢ ovees. Such organizitions, how-
ever t be for lawful purposes and must

omplishment of results founded

look to the act

on ostice, When claims are made contrary
to the ndamental conditions upon which
soriety founded, they must be resisted
at wards
quite clear that the claims of Mr
Mir ind the organization over which
he <des are in contravention ef the prin
@yples free government and of the rights
of te earn their living in any lawful war
wit terference from organized lebor
or ore ed capital, The unhappy contro
er now existing Is not based npon any
pgsonable claim which labor can make
r riers hours or better Wages It is
at Mr Mitchell alleges this to be the

f the strike, but as a matter of fact
torfous that the real object ia to seeure
cognition of his national organiaation
an authority entitled to decide upon the
ates of wages and the conditions of labor
the coal flelda wherever situated

If thie demand be conceded, it will not be
easible for any man not holding a@ union
ard to secure employment in the coal flelds,
hi« will amount te a denial of the right of
every man to sell his labor in a free market.
fhe coneeasion of this demand will make
Mr Mitehell the dictator of the coal business
end put him fn control of votes enough to de-
cide the next Presidential election

The tleht to labor ia inherent in every hu-
man being and cannot be aurrendered with-
Qt the sacrifice of individual liberty and of
private property. It, therefore, cannot he
erbitrated any more than the right of a man
to hia own home if it shall be claimed by an
Q@utsider who prefers arbitration, An offer
of arbitration is always attractive, but there
are many things which cannot be submitted
to arbitration; among them none is so im-
portant to the workingman as the right to sell
bis labor ina free market

The operators cannot yield this potnt with-
out being disloyal to the owners of the prop-
erty and to the workmen who carry on the
operations It would be far better to aban-
don the business of mining anthracite coal
than to concede the demand of any man or
eet of men to deny the rights of emplor ment
and of labor upon which the whole structure
of free government is founded and te which
thie country owea ite phenomenal progress
In my judgmen, therefore, the operators
sre only doing their plain duty in declining
to arbitrate a question which is in the do-
main of conscience and involves the personal
Lberty of the individual

The only solution of the trouble is for Mr
Mitchell to order the atrike off without de-
lav. When this is done, if there be griev-
ances to be abated, they will be promptly ad-
justed between the local operators and the

Bers ease

ee

loculuniona

lheright of association ia not In question
Tis is admitted by both employers and em-
piovees” What is dented, and properly so,

is the power by the isane of union cards to re-
fise employment to non-union men and thus
condemn them to ostracism, starvation and
a Ruch a ruse is abhorrewt to justice
a fatal to personal liberty

ned in some quarters, and alleged
t the general opinion, that the operators
cught to resume work without regard to the
renacing conditions with which the anthra-
‘ oal mines are now surrounded Such a
position does not appear to me to be reason-
a! 4s the owners of property, the op-
‘

I

'

!

 

rators undoubtedly owe a duty to the com-
which is suffering great losa from
ity of fuel. The right of private
roperty, guaranteed by the Constitution, is
6) \ ave subject to the underlying prineiple that
be so used aa not to damage the public

ity,

he scar

tl isto

seriously. Any claim of the operators, there-
fore, that they can do with thelr own as they
fee ft, does not rest upon a sound foundation
If, however, in the recognition of their duty
to the public, they are compelled to respect

ether fundamental eonditions equally, if not
hore important to the public welfare, they
v | be false to their duty if they should yield
1 amor and pressure from those who have
bet carefully considered the consequences of
bie h action

lhere is a principle more important than
fle obligation of private property to sub-
ordinate itself to the general welfare. The
demand of any man or set of men, not occu-
bying public offiee, to decide upon the con-
ditions upon whieh labor shall seek tts living,
bid to make it subject to a license from ir-
responsible leaders, whether representing
capitul or labor, is in effect a claim to
the power of life and death, and can never
be conceded without a base surrender of
to greed, The coal operators, there-
fore, are not fighting so much for the con-

 

 

 

trol of their own property as for the right
of the citizen to labor Where he may find
eroployment without interference from or-
« ‘tions or men who have no right to com-
trol Lis freedom of action

I liv, the e@laim of the United) Mine
Workers’ organization to control the entire

foal industry ofthe country is based upon an
impracticable idea. Very little knowledge

8 hecessary to show that the coal regions
ofthe United States differ so much from
fac) other that the polley which is adapted
to Ohe is ullerly umeuited to another. More-
ver, the various nines differ from each
Other in conditione, requiring careful adjust-
trent in the wages of labor and in some re-

Fhects in the hours neweasary to keep them
in Working order, All that a national organ-
Vation could possibly do would be to support
the claim of workmen who for any reason

are dissatisfied with the conditions which
Prevail in any particular locality or mine
But to call a general instead of a local strike
When @ local grievance ia not adjusted in a
satisfactory way is an outrage of such vast
Proportions that it cannot for one moment
be tolerated by a free people.

Moreover, in this Gay of free discussion
sod the publicity of all the facts through the
DeWspapers, there is no possibility that any
foul operator could or would resist demands

Whi are founded upon justice, The coal
Nines are all under oMicial inspection, gen-
vy by officers who sympathize, and
riy so, with the miners. Any real

 

a.

Special Trains, Sept, } and 2

 

 

   
  
  
  
    

‘ Lackawanna Rattroad, teaving Tobyhanna
t.and 5.5 \. M, Sep stopping
mo, Delaware Water Gap and ali
‘ycone Mountains yO Slop between
New York \de

iim SE A Ai Seg cna amma ceemceaatna

ee

grievance, therefore, will not only be promptly

thade known, but will be as promptly

dressed when the questions at issue are dis- |

cursed With good temper and free Trom the

passions which @re excited by a general
strike throwing thousands of men out of
employment

[he consequences of such strikes are 80

disastrous, not merely to the parties direetly
converned, but to the whole community,
that every effort should be made assoon as the
existing strike has been called off and the
excitement ibated prevent by appro-
Priate legislation the recurrence of such
calamitons conflieta, whereby everybody
ts injured and no one ia benetited

The enactment of auch legislation will not
be attended with more dimMculty than in the

is to

ease of other disputes now regulated by
law and subject to the judieation of the
courts, When the miners shall realize that

they are making war upon their own rights
secured by centuries of coufliets and sacrifices
and that a present vietory will result in de
priving them of all personal freedom, sneh
disastrous confliets will cease to recur and
arbitration may then well be invoked to settle
loeal disputes

The hope of the working classes inthe future,
isin the paat, for better conditions resta upon
personal liberty and the security of property,
The Foglish-speaking miners understand this
proposition perfectly, but for the time being
they are powerless in the of bad
leadership and the state of terror which pre-
Valls in the coal subjecting them
to obloquy, violence and death, by which un-
willing aequirse nce is onfoerced

What is wanted to end
conflict is not arbitration,
pression of violence and
tection of the miners who desire to earn a
livelihood for and their
lo this protection they are entitled and the

presence

region,

this destrnuetive
but the stern re-
the assured pro-

themselves families,

Government which fails to afford it is a re-
proach to republican institutions

The demand for arbitration comes with
an ill grace from a leader who began the
conflict with an order calling on the engi-
neers, firemen and pumpmen to abandon
their task, thus exposing the mines to utter
ruin If this order had been obeved, the

resumption of work would have been tnceti-
nitely postponed and the victims
of this desperate expedient reduced to hope-
Tornie or ruin” is not a policy
which commends itself to the Amertean
people, who believe in the old-fashioned
rule that he who demands equity must first
do equity.

helpless

less poverty

TREASURY CLERK DISMISSED,

 

He Was Treasurer of a Company Formed
to Heat the Races,

Wasninaton, Aug. 25. Secretary of the
Treasury Shaw to-day dismissed from the
Government service Lorenzo G. Warfleld, a
$2,000 clerk in the Division of Bookkeeping
and Warrants. He was the inventor of a
system to beat the races and was treasurer
of a company formed for that purpose
Warfield’s dismissal was the result of a com-
plaint made to the Treasury Department
several daya ago by a money lender of this
city, who alleged that Warfield owed him
$%), and inclosed with bis complaint was
a crenlar advertisement of the company

of which Warfield was treasurer. The
pertion of the advertisement to which
exception Was taken reads as follows

 

The inventor of the ‘H. G, L.’ system
and the treasurer of the association, Mr
Lorenzo G. Warfleld holds an important
position in the Treasury Department
This fact alone is an evidence of the re-
spectability of the association.”

Warfield filed an answer to the charge
preferred against him, contending that ths
connection with the acheme ended when he
found it was neither legitimate nor prac-
tleal; but it was decided that Warfield had
not only violated the rules of the Depart-
ment in going into a gambling scheme,
but had committed a grave fault in using
his connection with the Treasury to secure
business for the association

 

STAMFORD YVACHTSMAN LOST,

His Head Struck the Propeticr of His Boat
as He Fell Overboard.
StamForp, Conn., Aug. 25.—-Charlea Mil-
ler waa drowned here thia afternoon in
sight of a score of persons who were unable
to give him assistance. Miller was an en-
thusiastic yachtearman He owned = the
yacht Lillian and was an officer in the
Corinthian Yacht Club. Though he had
apent years on the water he could not swim,

He waa making repairs to the yacht's

engine to-day. Leaning over the stern
to see how the serew hung, he fell into the
water, As he fell his head grazed the

screw, and it probably rendered him un-
conscious, He rose to the surface only
once and not a single outcry eseaped him,

The vacht waa anchored on the edge of
the channe|, From ber home near by a
Mrs. Nelson saw Miller fall overboard
She called for help, but when the rescuers
reached the yacht Miller had disappeared,
The body was recovered three quarters of
an hour later

Miller was engaged to be married to Miss
May Dorothy Vogt of this city

MISS BIDEN'S SKULL FRACTORED.,
by

 

 

Brooklyn Woman Knocked Down a

Runaway Horse in Saratoga.
Saratoga, Aug. 25. Miss Fannie Biden
of 871 Union street, Brooklyn, was struck
by a runaway horse on South Broadway

this morning, and it is feared has sustained
injuries that may prove fatal. She is
suffering from concussion of the brain,
bruises of the shoulders and laceration of
the back muscles. Her sister, Miss Mary
Biden, who was with her at the time, was
also painfully injured, They, with their
brother, are stopping at Congress Hall.

Dr. George F. Comatock, Who is attend-
ing Miss Biden, found shortly before 11
o'clock to-night that Misa Biden had sus-
tained a fracture of the skull, just above
the left ear, Dr. Mareus T. Hun of Albany
was sent for, He will reach Saratoga
about midnight, and on bis arrival the
skull will be trepanned, the operation,
according to Dr. Comstock, will give Miss
Biden the only chance of recovery.

Miss Biden is a maiden lady, about 55
years old, and she and her brother, R. T.
Biden, and one sister, neither of whom
ever married, inherited a large fortune
from their father, and they have lived in the
old Biden homestead for nearly forty years.

DUCHESS GOES FISHING,

 

And Lands the Biggest Flounder Caught
by Any of the Party,

Newport, Aug. 25.- The Duchess of
Marlborough this morning attended the
tennis tournament, This afternoon a fish-
ing excursion was in order, This evening
she diged with Mrs, Ogden Goelet and later
attended the ball given by Mrs. Cornelius
Vanderbilt, Jr.

At the Casino this morning she was ac-
companied by Mrs, Oliver H, P. Belmont
and was the centre of attraction while she
remained on the pou. She was one of
a fishing party piloted by Capt, ¢ hampion
this afternoon, The party went to Agississ
Cove, where flounders are caught in abun-
dance, They caught a good mess of fish,
The Duchess hooked the largest fish and
brought it to the surface, and it was gaffed
and taken aboard by Capt, Champion,

Latest Marine Intelligence.

Arrived, Ss Madiana, St \ug
leghany, Kingston.

“The 20th Century Limited,”
one of the eight datly trains betweea New York and
Chicago via the New York Central liaes A com-
prehensive service. Ade

Thomas, ). Se Al

———

Makes Time for the Business Man,

The Pennsytvania Railroad twenty hour train to |

Chicago Leaves New York 55 P.M. daily Ade

MIMIC WAR OF ARMY AND NAVY

FLEET 10 SEIZE BASE AT NEW.
PORT OR ON LONG ISLAND,

TWoDay Period of Preparation to Open
With That Event on Aug. 80; Six-Day
Period of Hostility te Follow Pir.
teen Ships in the Attacking Force.

In accordance with the wishes of the
War Department, General MacArthur ves
terday gave out for publication the full
scope and purpose of the joint manauvres of
the army and navy in the seeond act of
the great mimic war drama
now in process of development

which is

The general idea of the operations is
that astrong enemy's fleet, without torpedo
boats, determines to make a sudden dash
upon Newport or the eastern end of Long
Island Sound, for the purpose of seenring
& naval base, taking advantage of the
absence of a declaration of war
the land forces somewhat unprepared

The controlling idea of the operations
ix to test the training of the forces and the
efficiency of the war material, and the time
of the mancuvres is divided into two dis-
tinet phases

to

first, the period of prepara-
tion, and, second, the period of hostility
The attack of the fleet will embrace a day
attack and a night attack, and if possible,
a bombardment and a forcing of a passage
It is the intention that attacks or feints
shall be made all along the line so as to
test the efficiency of each part of the line,
rather than to have one main attack at some
prominent point, thereby allowing enthusi-+
asm and interest at other places to wane
becanse of a feeling of fancied security
During the peried of hostilities the con
are ti approach

nearly as possible

Nit of war
The dash upon New,

the eastern enc

( ons those as
rt
of Long

a coveted naval

or et

xome point
L-land Sound to
base, happening presumably before a
declaration of war, it is assumed that no
channels are mined or obstructed, but after
this dash is made mines and obstructions
may be placed and so become a part of the
gaine

The objects and technical information
to be obtained by the operations both for
the Army and the Navy are thus set forth
in the printed tnetructionss

For the Army— General features of attack
on posts and the defence of same: the moat
efficient way for district commanders to
exercise command of the defenees of artillery
districta in action, Ineluding the practical
coordination of such defences as a whole
the use of movable armaments: the best aya
tem of fire control and direction; the practteal
determination of “areas of greatest advant-
awe” for each fort, a simple and reliable
method of communicating orders and tn-
formation from fire commanders and battery
coumanders to gun emplacements: the best
use of searchiights in detecting the approach
of an enemy the best location of searchlights,
together with all information as to the use
of came in connection with the fire of guna
on ships at night, the location of range finders
and the comparative merits of depression
ind Shorizontal base systems: aystem of
signals b searchiights between forts
best method of conducting the
work of security and information, and the
utihzation of commercial life-saving and
lighthouse stations: the practical application
of wireless telegraphy and use of balloons
the number, type, calibre and mounting of
guns at each fort, and the sufficiency and
adaptability of same to. purpose intended
type and number of emplacements, materia
composed of, construction, durability and

secure

  

 

the

strength, interior arrangements, suitability
of site, plen, elevation and position with
reference to other erm yacements, and to

enemy's guns on front, flank and rear, facili-
es for personnel to pass from one emplice
nt to another, convenience as to location
of ammunition delivery tables, or the pot
at whieh ammunition is received by the
cannoneers from the ammunition detail

effect of fire of guns in and = about
emplacements in the target practice pre.
ceding the naval attack, means of lightin

locations and dimensions of

 

 

 

ts

 

Inside and out

replotting, telephone and telautograph
booths: condition of rooms and galleries
i@ to dryness. drainage and ventilation

convenience of location of armame chests
loading implements, to AM ind provisiona
made for effictency of ammunition
service: the condition and eMiciency of all
electrical plaints and appliances, including
power plants, generators, stor batteries
ower rooms, lamps, switehboards, motors
or hoists and for mancuvring guns and
carriages, electrical firing devices, and method
of using cables, Wires, conduits, telephones
and telautographs

For the Navy—The best method of obtain-
ing the ranwes of the forts and batteries fired
at, the means of communicating these ranges
tothe divisional offlvers, the designation of the
target to the divistonal ofMffcers, the effect of
sinoke in concealing the target (as far as possi
ble, In view of the limitations iniposed by the
sitpulated fire of the heavy guns); the order
of fire in the ship considering the direction and
force of the wind; the effect of mines and con-
structiona on the progress of the ships, Bor
the Admiral—The best method of concealing
bis approach, in the attack, whether it is
possible to designate separate targeta for the
different ships after the action has begun,
or to cease firing at certain battertes that he
deems to be silenced, and to concentrate
the fire of the ships on the remaining batteries
the method of manwuvring under fire; onsider-
ing character of the channel, the best formation
ty oe used, the distance between ships, and
the speed; the efflciency of the signals used,
the method of attacking in a fow, or by night
the use of searchlights for lighting the target
and for blinding the eyes of the opposing
gunners or range observers; whether to
direct the beams at the guns or at the range
finders; whether desirable to use search-
lights from all the ships, or from a few, the
others remaining in darkness, and firing at
the targets Uluminated by the searchlights
of the few: the method of preventing the
crossing of the beams and the forming of
dark sectors beyond, the blinding effect
of the opposing searchlighta, both om navi-
gation and on aiming at the designated target
the possibility of shielding the eves and look
ing under the beam: the methods to be adopted
in forcing mined and obstructed channels

The period of preparation shall be of
two nights and two days, from a >
of Aug. 20 to midnight of Aug. 31. The
period of hostility is to lasteix days and six
nights, from midnight Aug. 31 to noon of
Sept. 6

The defence will consist of all the forts
in the artillery district of Narragansett
(Forts Rodman, Adams, Wetheri and
Greble) and in the artillery district of New
London (Forts Mansfield, Wright, Michie,
Terry and the fort om Gardner's Point)
They will be mobilized on a war basis, allow-
ing two reliefs of artillerymen

There will be no floating defence ofany
kind.

 

 

The attack will consist of about fifteen |

ships, the Kearsarge, Alabama, Massachu-
setts, Indiana, Puritan, Brooklyn, Olympia,
Cincinnati, Panther, Montgomery, May-
flower, Topeka, Gloucester, Scorpion, and
Peoria.

With the Kearsarge, Alabama, Massachu-
setts and Indiana the Puritan fe included,
for the purpose of the operations, as a
battleship. The Brooklyn is the only
vessel that ranks as an armored cruiser,
while the Olympia, Cincinnati and Panther
are in the proteoved cruiser class’ the Mont-
gomery, Mayflower and Topeka are un-
wrotected cruisers and the Gloucester,
Koorpion and Peoria are gunboats

Torpedo boats are excluded from both
sides,

There will be required nine army umpires
and about fifteen navy umpires (depending
on the number of shipa).

 

A recorder for each one of these umpires |

will be detailed by the commanding officer
of the post or ship concerned. There will
be required twelve navy observers, one
for each of the nine forts, and an additional
observer at Forts Adams, Wright and
Terry. About fifteen army observers
(depending on the number of ships) will
be required

The attacking fleet will be assembled at
noon Sept. 6, at either extremity of the
line of defence, and will thea pass in review
before the forts

 

 

Burnett's Cocoatne allays all irritation of the
Sealp and prevents the Halr from falling out,
Ade

find |

 

= Se eee aan SiirinneNGNa RIENCE REE

 

TT 26,

1902. —« ors vw

 

    

 

Aing

PGI ON DRENELS VAC. OCRAN LINERS TO GO SLOWER?

Captain Calls on Haliiax Potiee to Sulnine

Drunken Sallors,

 

|

Hauirax, N.S, Aug. 25.-Ceorge W, | REPORTED PLAN OF SITP COM-
Childs Drexel's yacht Aleedo, which sailed BINE TO REDOCE SPEED.
for Philadelphia to-night, was the scene ‘
this afternoon of a fight between several | pastegt steamships Too Expensive, ‘This
Halifax policemen and the crew, a . dione : i
Several of the crew had been drinking eport Says—German Lines in
heavily and there were three fights on Agreement) The Combine's Fngtish
board. The captain told the chief of Headquarters Are to Be at Liverpool.

police that fittings on the yacht worth $5
had been destroved He aeked for police
assistance to restore order and one police-
man went aboard, He was
against the odds and was knocked out
Word was sent to headquarters asking
and several policemen were

pow erless

for assistance

sent aboard. They found the men wup-
roarious and refusing to help to arrest the
two men whom the @rptain pointed out
as the chief offenders The posse went

to work promptly and, though the ory was
raised “Look out for the knife,” no stabbing
was

After a hard fight one of the men was
handeuffed, but he broke the steel and
the fight was renewed. Finally the police
closed with the sailors, overpowered them
and removed them to pork
One of the Halifax policemen was so weak

the station
after the struggle that he had to be taken
to his in a

The Captain afterward came up and paid
the men off. They will arraigned be-
fore the Police Magistrate to-morrow

home eab

be

Mr. Drexel and a party of friends who
are cruising with him were ashore during
the fight at the residence ¢ f Geoffrey
Morrow

MRS, ROBERTS AGAIN HAS TWINS,

No. 2 Wie of the Rejected Congressman
Presents biiin Two toys.

Sant Lake, Utah, Aug. 2.—Celia Dibble

Roberts, plural wife of Brigham H. Roberts,

who was elected to represent this State in
Congress in the election of 1898 and who
was not permitted to take his seat becarse
he was a polygamist, has just given hirth
of twins, The first pair,
girls, were born just prior to the campaign
when he was a candi und were Christ-
ened Georgiana and Johanna, The Repub
licans made them a campaign issue and the
children's names and pictures were oarried
on Republican banners in all the Gentile
cities of the State

The last pair are boys, healthy and hearty,
weighed nine pounds each at birth and
look just like their father. Roberts is
very happy over this adcilion to his three
families

Mrs. Roberts, the mother, lives at Bays-
ville, about twenty-five miles north of this
city. She is a sister of Mrs. Roberta No. 1
Mrs. Roberts No. 318 Dr. Maggie Shipp,
who lives in Salt Lake City. Roberts spends
most of his time now, He is
receiving the congratulations of his frienda
upon his added resnonsiliiities.

to a second pet

date

 

here busy

 

HORSE SAVES A’ CHILD.

Lifted HW by Ite Mothing From, Under
Another Horse and Placed [tina Manger.

"5

Totepo, Ohio, Aug, 25,—An exceptional
instance of extraordinary devélopment
of instinct in horses came to light here
yesterday afternoon, and the aniinal play
ing the leading part was Prince, a twenty-
year-old) family horse by Wil-
liam MeDonough, a grocer The foure
year-old daughter of McDonough wandered
into the barn unobserved in the afternoon
and was soon at play on the floor of a big
box stall, the freedom of which is allowed
to Prinee and another younger and very
spirited animal

During her play the child fell under the
younger horse and might have been kieked
to death had not old Prince come to the
In the meantime a search for the
Mr. McDonough
as he entered

owned

rescue
child had been started
went to the barn, and just
he saw the old horse softly grasp the child's
clothing, and lifting her from danger,
deposit her on the hay in the manger,
where he carefully guarded her until Mr,
McDonough took her away,

 

 

Leaves Rockport to Prepare for the Army
and Navy Game.

Rockport, Aug The harbor of
refuge inside the breakwater here no longer
holds the warships of the White Squadron,
The termination of the naval mancenvres
yesterday made the presence of the war
vessels no longer necessary, and last even-
ing they began to depart. This morning
not one Was left in these waters, and the
place had resumed the usual summer
quiet. The ships sailed westward bound
some for Wood's Hole, some for Newport
and some for New London, At these
places preparations will be made forthe
army and navy mancuvres, which will
be held the latter part of this week,

Nanruckgr, Mass , Aug. 25.-The North
Atlantic sqifdron, under command of Rear
Admiral hig inson, passed Great Point
early to-day, bound West. The squadron,
which comprised seventeen vessels, made
up of battleships, cruisers and despatch
boats, was proceeding at full speed.
LYNCHING AS A PUBLIC DUTY,
Doctrine Enunciated by a North Carolina

Coroner's Jury.

Rateion, N. (, Aug.’ 26.--With their
faces blackened as a disguise, a party of
men broke into a barn in which Tom Jones,
colored, was temporarily detained, took
him out and shot him to death near Seven
Springs, Wayne county, at 10 o'clock this
morning, j

The Coroner'a jury rendered a verdict
to the effect that the members of the mob
were Unknown to them, adding that the
deed was done “obviously by an outraged
public, acting in defence of their, homes,
wives, daughters and children. In view
of the enormity of the crime we think they
would have been recreant to their duty
as citizens had they acted otherwise,”

Jones committed a brutal assault on Mra,
Willie Smith, the wife of a respectable
farmer, The woman is in @ critical con-
dition from her injuries,

or
20

 

 

 

Sehley the Democratic Slogan In Maryland

WaBHINGTON, Aug The Demo-
cratic slogan in the Maryland campaign
this fall is to be something like this: *The
honor of Admiral Schley was traduced by
the Republicans for a handful of political
jobs, Are you for or against Schley.”

The Democratic Congressional Cam-
paiga Committee is looking up the records
of the Maryland Congress delegation on the
Schley matter when it was brought to the
attention of the last Congress, Particular
attention is being paid to the charge that
patronage was responsible for the failure of
the Congresamen from Maryland to press
the claims of Admiral Schley

850 Boarding Houses
Hated in No. 15, "Four Trac'@series,” sent free on
receipt of fourcents by UG. tl, Weniels, New York Ceu
tral, New York. Ade

 

     

Basy Man's Train to Chicago.
Pennsylvania Special. Leaves New York
M. arrives Chicago 8:55 A. M.—Ads,

1:56
P

|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|

|

Special Cable Despatch to Tne SUN

28

Lonpon, Aue A news agency report

declares that Liverpool has been chosen
asthe chief centre in England of the Atlantic
ship combine. The headquarters will be

in the offices of the White Star Line with
Mr. Wilding of the Leyland Line as general
manager There centration
of t separate and the
Various staffs

It is well known that after a certain speed

will be a oc

the presen offices

in ocean liners every additional knot in-
volves enormous coal consumption and
shakes the steamer so severely that the

necessity of frequent repairs is increased

hor this according to the de-
apatch referred the Morgan syndicate
has decided to reduce the speed of the fast
transatlantic passenger boatstoar
erate and more un@orm rate of speed
expected that this will it in a
of nearly 50 per cent, as compared with the
present figures he lines, it is
reported, have agreed to thi

It that the
which the Cunard line will

reason,
to

ore mod
It i

saving

4

CGerinan
arrangements by

an ine
Government

is believed
receive
crea sed subsidy from tt
on that it remains

British, have been completed

condition altogther

STRONG,

POSITION

OUR

London “Times” on the Reonemlec Situation
in This Country

Special C'able Despatch ‘o TH# SUN
JonpdoN, Aug. 26 The Times, in an
editeurial on the economic situation in the

United States, declares that the position

of that country has changed considerably
for the better in many respects in the last
five years. The whole country is) now

richer in the sense that it owas the greater
part of the railway securities whieh were
formerly held abroad

Later development f

s of Atmerican enter-
prise had begun to create misgivings, and
people of experience were of opinion that
the great financiera were taking chancers
whieh could not be regarded as satisfactory

for their ereditors in America, It now
seems, the. Times says, as if the dice have
fatten Kind for the big houses, There

will be big exports of grain to Furope and
plenty of means of borrowing fresh money

The cotton crop also promises well,

On the whole, the article concludes, it
is probable that thoug! money will con-
tinue to be wanted in New York it will not
become dear there now or in the autumn,

HALL CAINE THE KING'S GUIDE,
Points Out the Historie Places on the Isle
of Man,
ble Despatch to Tur Sux,
Lonvon, Ang. 25.--The voyage of King
Edward around Great Britain brought him
t he Lal
there with Queen Alexandra and
Vietoria, The party took carriages
view the historic sites and the dignitaries

Spectal C

Princess

joined in the procession

Hall Caine, who happened to be stopping
at his residence on the islands, came along
and acted as guide. When they came to
the interesting ruins he explained to the
King the old whieh
there

There were many holiday makers on the
island and they displaved great enthusiasm
When the royal party reembarked on the

ceremonies occurred

 

 

yacht they were cheered till they were
beyond earshot
OUR ARWY THE REST,
Lord Wolseley Reports His Deseription
of it,
Special Cable Despatch to Tar Suw
Lonpon, Aug. 26.--A correspondent re-
cently wrote to Field Marshal Wolseley

questioning his statement that the American
army was the best in the world. Lord
Wolseley replied that the statement was
a good description

BROWER PLACE IN AUTO CRASH,

 

Brakes Vall on a EM! -His Sister Jumps
and Her Leg Is Broken,

Tarrytown, N. Y., Aug. 25.—Charles A.

Place, the banker and of 20

broker
Broad street, New York, wth his. sister,

erossed the ferry from Nvack to this town
in their automobile vesterday and started up
Post Office Hill, which is the steepest hill
in the village,

When the machine got half way up, the
power gave out and Mr, Place tried to put
on the brakes, but they refused to work.
The machine started backward down the
hill at a fast clip.

The machine went faster every second, Mr.
Place realized that be would have to use
two hands to make the brake effective and
ashe released his sister she jumped. In doing
so she broke her leg above the ankle. Mr.
Place brought the machine to a stop and
was uninjured

Miss Place had fainted and she was taken
to a residence n@arby and Dr. Wilson was
summoned, The leg was set and Miss
Place was taken in acarriage tothe railroed
station and returned to the city by train,

4 STREET CAR,

 

 

FATAL PANIC IN

 

Seared Passengers Trample a Memphis
Woman to Death,
Mempuis, ‘Tenn,, Aug. 25.—A_ trolley
wire broke just in front of a street car
here this afternoon, Electricity sizzled
in every direction and the motorman veiled
to all on board to jump for their liver,

A stampede occurred in which Mrs. Newton
BE. Norris was killed outright, Conduetor
W. L, Jones had his arm broken, Mrs, Fo M,
Watson was injured internally and may
not*recover, W. J, Fox was badly burned
and Mise Docia Adair had her ankle frac-
tured. No one would have been hurt
had the passengers sat still

 

 

FIRE SWEEPS ROSSLAND, B. C€.

 

Twenty-five Bulldings tn the Business Dis-
trict Destroyed,

Vancovver, B. C., Aug. 25.-The busi-
ness portion of Rossland, B.C., was burned
this evening, including twenty-five brick
and stone heneing The fire could not be
got under control owing to the inefficient
fire fighting apparatus and the poor water
supply

 

— ———,

California in Four Days
wv York The best ¢ thing en route,
‘rland Limited via eago and North
I'nion Pacifie and Southern Practice Halle
aol aad S40 roadway

every

 

fram Ne
The “Ov
Western
ways OMe

 

gaz

e of Man on Monday and he landed |

Lexnociotion

| arraigned at

 

 

furspay, Avavst 26, 1902.
Fair to-day, local rains to-morrow; light

MILES GOING TO MANILA,

With the President's Permission—He'll
Inspect the Army,
Rostox, Aug. 25. It is announced to-

at the Hotel Touraine thet

Miles is going to the Philippines with

night officially
Gen
the permission of the President to inspect

the condition of the army there

MRS. TUBBS ARRESTED.
John B. Herreshott's Daughter Under Balt
for Assault,

PROVIDENCE, Aug Mra. Katherine
K. Tubbs, daughter of John B. Herreshoff,
the boatbuilder, and wife of an artist, was
tL special seasion of the Lie-
triet Court in Bristol to-day on a warrant
charging her with assault on Eugene Le-
elair, Jr., a bricklayer, Mrs. Tubbs pleaded
not guilty, and the case was continued for
a hearing next Monday. Mes. Tubbs's
mother furnished $100 hail

Teclair says that when
Herreshoff home to pay !
punched) him in the
1 hi

2%

he went to the
Mra. Tubbs

otherwise

  
 
 

erent
# and
maltreate m

A GATES-OSGOOD FLYER,

Fuel and Tron Rivals Coming East on the
Same ‘Train,

CHureaaco, Aug. ~John W. Cates, who
on Saturday returned from Denver where
he sustained a defeat in his attempt to get
control of the Colorado Fuel and Iron Com-
pany, started for New
Twentieth Century Limited, As the train
was crossing the Indiana State line it was
that President Osgood of the
Colorado Fuel and Tron Company was on
it too, It is understood that Mr
will call on J) Pierpont Morgan the first
thing on his arrival in New York

discovered

Gates

Ono

 

THEFT.

Ames, Swan & €o.'s Clerk Loeked Up
(harge, Stealing St, Paul Stock.

Allen T. Hedges, clerk, of Prospect place,
Brooklyn, was arrested at hia home last
night by Detective Sergeants Murray
Logan and Taylor and locked up in Police
Headquarters on a charge of grand larceny
preferred against him by Ames, Swan &
Co, brokers, of 25 Broad street. Hedges
was In the employ of that firm till some
months ago, According to the police, he
disappeared on April 16, taking with him
100 shares of Chicago, Milwaukee and St.
Paul Railroad stock belonging to his em-
ployers and valued at $18,000

LOCOMOTIVE PICKS A MAN UP

ACCUSED OF &

 

And Carries Him Unconscious for Fleven
Miles on the Pilot.

CUMBERLAND, Md, Aug. 25.The Rev
W. B. Osborne of Hackettstown, N. J., rode
unconscious for eleven miles between Tun-
nelton and Rowlesburg, W. Va., thia morn-
ing, on the pilot of the engine drawing
Baltimore and Ohio express train &,
The train stopped at Rowlesburg to coal
and the inanimate form was found lodged
on the fore bumper. Mr, Osborne was
struck by the engine at Tunnelton,

He was bruised about the head, body and
legs and was dazed by his experience but
physicians at Rowleshurg say he will re-
cover. Mr. Osborne is 70 years old. He
had been assisting at the West Virginia
Northern campmeeting near Kingwood

WILLIAM H. BEARDSLEY AURT.

 

His Nose Hroken by a Fallon Steps of the
Hotel Manhattan,

Anelderly man who said he was William
H. Beardsley of 26 Broadway, living at 315
West Seventy-fourth street, fell on the
steps of the Hotel Manhattan late yesier-
day afternoon

The fall broke his nose. He was assisted
to the East Fifty-first street police station,
where an ambulance surgeon attended to
hin: and he was cared for until he had
recovered from the shock

NEW LIBRARY A YEAR BEHIND,

Contractors Blame the Exeavation Man
Only One-thirtleth of the Work Done,

There has been so much delay in the
construction of the New York Publie Li-
new building at Forty-second
street and Fifth avenue that probably a
year beyond the limit of three years wiil be
ed to complete the work.

The general contract was awarded to
Norcross Bros. in August last year for
$2,595,706. ‘Thus far onty $116,300 has been
paid on it, showing that only about one-
thirtieth, instead of one-third, of the work
has been done,

Noreross Bros. lay the blame for the
delay on the contractor for the excava-
tion and foundation. They also have had
difficulty in obtaining sufficient supplies
of marble of the grade specified in’ the
contract,

 

brary's

 

 

STABHLE IS AN ORANGE BOY,

He Always Wanted to Join the Navy—Three
Years on the Kearsarge.

Oranar, N, J, Aug. 25.—Daniel P,
Staehle, the signal boy on the Kearsarge,
who first reported the approach of the
shipa of Commander Pillsbury’s squad-
ron in the naval war game, is @ son of Mr,
and Mrs. Gottlieb Stashle of 49 New street,
Orange

He is 19 years old and has been a mem-
ber of the crew of the Kearsarge for the

past three years. He is a fine-looking
»0¥. He received acommon-school educa-
tion. He always had a desire to join

the navy. He enlisted with another Orange
boy, Patrick Finlay, of 9 Frankford street,
who is also on the Kearsarge

VOTES TO CHANGE ITS FAITH.

 

Oakland Congregational Flock Decides to
Become Presbyterian,

San Francisco, Aug. 25.. The Plymouth
Congregational Chureh of Oakland decided
yesterday by a majority vote to accept
the Presbyterian faith, to move to another
edifice and to engage a new paator, This
change wasn't due to any ann impulse,
but has been discussed for several months.

The members in favor of a change de-
clared that the new Congregational church
dedicated yesterday would be sure to draw
most of their members, as they have heen
without a regular pastor for several months

Hank Wrecker Gets Ten Years,

Wuatcom, Wash. Aug Bank-
wreeker Dix, who was brought back from
England after extradition
was found guilty to-day and sentenced to
ten vears imprisonment, the limit for his
cffence

2

O'Reilly to De Lacy: “It Won't Stlek,”

When Capt. Miles O'Reilly read yesterday
of Peter De Lecy's stamped envelope
scheme for his poolroom he declared it
wouldn't work

Pocono Mountain Special
willleave New York Friday and Saturday at? P. M.,

 

 

via Lackawenna Railroad for Delaware Water
| Gap, Mount Pocono and all resorts in Pocono Mour
talr Sper trains returning Labor Day night

ide | and following moruing

Ade

proceedings, |

|
|

 

York to-day on the |

|

Ss Sli ss SSS a ~

|

variable winds,

PRICE. TWO CENTS.

BOSTON HEARS THE PRESIDENT

A REITERATION OF HIS POLICY
AS TO TRUSTS,

Audience Held Spellbound by His Earnest
Floquence Speeches Earlier in) the
Afternoon at Nahant and Lynn and
a Dinner Last Night tn Boston.

 

 

h

RBostox, Aug If this had been the
middle of a political campaign,
Boston could not have received a favored
candidate more cordially than it received
the President of the United States to-day.
From the Boston and Maine station to 8ym-
phony Hall, where delivered a epeech,

red-hot

 

 

there were denee was filling the aldee
} Walks from the ecurbstone back to the
building line They were not quiet crowda,
They cheered and howled continuously,
The utioost vigilance of the cavalrymen
who acted as ontriders for the carriages

in line was necessary to keep them from

overrunning the short procession

 

It was the biggest crowd the President
has seen since Was in Pittsburg. He
Was kept on his feet bowing to right and
left every step of the way Phe shouts
ol Fection and humoret appreciation
of his fighting qualities which were hurled
at moirom all sides made a roar that

drowned the rattle of the horses’ feet
Every time the guns of Battery A, First

Ariillery, boomed out o shot of the twentye

 

 

one gun salute whieh they gave him from
a sequestered nook of the Cormon,tie whole
great populace joined in a cheer that shook
the sacred subway to its f idationsa, It
Wasa great afternoon for Boston
TRUSTY POLICY REITERATED

The speech that the President delivered
at Symphonv Hall wa not essentially
different from that which he delivered at
Providence on Saturday. ‘The general
thought and the eourse of the argument

toward Covermental control of industrial
and other waa the aame
He did not take back a single word of the
declaration in favor of Government super-
vision Constitutional amendment to
which he gave voieo at Provideftice. Tn-
stead, in tones much more eloquent and
with an audience much more attentive
than that at Providenees, he enunciated his
plan of campaign for the regulation of
trusts even more emphatically than he had
in Rhode Island

Whatever any man may have thought
of the substance of the President's speech,
no one who had ever heard the man speak
in public before could but be astonished
at the tremendous foree which he gave his
address in utterance. He spoke for
forty minutes. It is literally true that
he had the attention of his audience to
every syllable. Time and again, when
there were outbursts of applause, as there
were more and more often toward the end,
he stopped them short by merely raising
his finger. Every eye was on him every
second. His voice rang with a tone of
assurance that is altogether new to it in
public speaking. He talked as though to
a circle of men of his own high attainments
and intelligence about a dinner table, He
seemed never to pause for a wot or for the
shaping of a thought.

When he had finished the andience under
the beautifully modelled roof ef the great
rectangular room rose to ita feet and cheered
and waved handkerchiefs and hats untu
the President had passed off the platform,

THE BOSTON SPERON.
saicl:

corporations

by

its

The President

Gov Crane, Mayo CoLnins, MEN axD
WoMEN oF Boston” Tam glid to have the
chounce of saving afew words to you this even-
ing ‘There are several matters that I should
like to diseuss, and Tean say in all sincerity
that When T come here to New England, when
lcome to Boston. J like to go over as many
subjects as possible, because T can get | ght
them [Langhter| 1 have a good deal

th in your judgment
up this evening the general
and social relations,
reference to that problem with

on

of 1

I] want to take
question of our economir
With specific

 

whieh | think our people are now greatly
concerning themselves, the problem of our
complex social condition as intensified by
the existence of the great Corporations whieh
se rather loosely designate as trusts. I
want to say one or two things as prelimi-
nurit
I have not come hereto
overed @ Ratent cure-all
pplause.] Vien per p e's
agitated on any aubject,
and especially when they fee] deeply, but
rather vaguely, that conditions are net right
when that is the case it is far pleasanter tn
addressing them to be indifferent to what
you promise, but it is muca less pleasant
afterward fapplanse) when you come. to
try to carry out what has been promised
rWO SIDES OF A PROMISE
Now, of course, the worth of a promise
consists purely in the way in which the per
formance squares With it, That has got
two sides in the firat place, if a man is an
honest man he will try yt as hard to keep
stump as one made

@ promise made on the

off the stump. In the second place, If the
people keep their heads they won't wish
promises to be made which are Impossible of

[Applause] You see one side

performance

of that question is my dity and the other
side ia yours [Applause ]
Mankind goes ahead but slowly, and it

goes ahead tainly through each of us trying
to do the best that is in hin aud to do it in

 

the sunest way We bave founded our fe-
public upon the theory that the average
inan will as a rule »y the right thing, thar
in the Jong run the majority are going to
decide for whet is sane and wholegome. If
our fathers were inistaken in tt theory,

if ever things become such, not occ isionally,

but persistently, that the mass of the people

do What is unwholesome, what is wrong,

then the republic cannot stand, T ecare not

how good its laws, Toure pot what marvellous

mechanism ite Constitution may embody
THE MANHOOD THAT COUNTS,

Back of the laws, back of the Adiministra-
tion, back of the svete of government lies
the man, lies the average punhood of our
people, and in the long run we are going to
vo upor go down accordingly ts the average
standard of our citizenship doe. or does pot
Wax in growth and grace (Great applause

 

 

Now, when we come to the question o
good citizenship, the Oret requisite is that
the man shall do homely, everveday,

 

not a good

thoughts
the abstract, if in
do not bear thei
much difference
for mankind at

A niet be

humdrum duties well
lofty

citizen, 1 do not care how
are about eitizenship it
the concrete his actions
out, and it does not make
how high his aspirations
large may be

If he does not behave well in his own family
those aspirations do not bear visible frytt
He has got to be a good brend winner, He
has wol to take care of bia wife and his chil-
dren He has got to be a neighbor who
his neighbors can trust He has got toact
squarely in bis business relations He 4
vot to do those every day ordinary things
first, or he is not a good citizen

TROUGH TEOL CUPIZENSHIP

But he has vot to do more than that. In

this country of ours the average citizen has

vot to devote a good deal of thought and
time to the affairs of the state as a whole
or those affairs are voing to go backward

and he has got to devote that thought and

   

 

 

 

that time steadily and intelligently,

If there is any one quality that is not ad-
mirable it is hysteries, either in religion or
in anything else The man cor woman who
makes up Min ten days’ indifference to duty
by an eleventh-day niorbu entanee about
that duty isof «eant use inthe world (Langh-
ter! Now, in the same way tt is of no pos

It's a Good Thing to Know
that our Golf, Meyele Athletle department is
the largest and best equipped In the elty,
A. Haymond & Co., Nassau, cor. Fulton St. N. ¥

Ade

 

Twenty Hours to Chicaga,

 

ene

 

Toe train on the New York Central and Laks
Shore, making ¢ O80 miles vetweeon New Vork ant
Chicago da In twenty boul’, appropriate,

bared the 2K. Cousury Lined. ~Ade