WEATHER FORECAST.
Fair to-day and to-morrow; continued

cold; moderate northwest to west winds.

; Highest temperature yesterda ; lowest,
Detaile ; weather report om “det pager bs

VOL. LXXXV.—NO. 120. re

_— = aa rere

HYLAN SAID TO

|
|
|
|
|

}} FAVOR LOFT FOR.

1917.—copyrignt, 1917, by the Bun Printing and Publishing Association,

 

 

NEW YORK, SATURD@Y, DECEMBER 29,

U. S. REQUISITIONS POWER "MVE TR
PLANTS AT NIAGARA FALLS

ONE CENT * CGrester Now vork { Elsewhere.
Se — eee

R DISMISSED
AS EITHER MERE FEELER

 

 

 

 

 

 

‘PEACE OFFER

 

 

 

VE TRAFFIC, 8,000 MEN ILL
M'ADOO'S FIRST FROM NEGLECT |

See

 

 

/4

ey

HEAD OF POLICE

Allan Pinkerton and McKay
Possibilities if He
Declines.

 

 

MAY DECIDE

Woods Retires Tuesday, So

Temporary Appointment
May Be Necessary.

TO-DAY

 

 

While Mayor-elect Hylan was in
Washington yesterday politicians here
heard that William J. Flynn would not
be the new Police Commissioner and that
the job had been offered to George W.
Left, candy manufacturer and former
Representative from the Thirteenth New
Yerk district. Both assertions were
made on good authority and received
@eneral credence,

It was said that Mr, Loft. after telling
Judge Hylan he did not think he could
leave his business to join the new ad-
ministration, agreed to consider the pro-

pesal and will give his anewer very soon, |

possibly to-day,

The Mayor-elect has several other men
im mind in case Mr. Loft declines. One
ef them may be Allan Pinkerton and
another former
Douglas I. McKay, now a Major in the
Ordnance Department of the army.
thought that Judge Hylan, in visiting

Washington, may have intended to find |

out if the
McKay,

Government could spare

Temporary Appointment Possible.

By the efforts that are being made to
find a civillan Police Commissioner it is
indicated that the next Mayor does not
intend to accept the suggestion that he

promote a uniformed inspector, except |

as a last resort.
As Arthur Woods will retire Tuesday

Mr. Hylan may have to make a tem-|

porary appointment in case he does not

find the right man for permanent police |

administration.

Mr. Loft is a Tammany sachem and
has long been an adviser of Charles F.
Murphy, especially in matters of cam-
Paign§ financing. He succeeded Biz
Tim Sullivan as a Representative in
Congress by special.election in 1913 and
Was reelected tn 1914, giving way this

year to Christopher 1D. Sullivan, present.

Representative of the Thirteenth dis-

trict, ‘

l¥e has many business Interests in ad-

dition to his candy factory and chat @LOL@i degrees at 3 in the afternoon. |

of stores. In 191% he organized the
People's Five Cent Bus Corporation,
which purposed to’ carry passengers

from the Battery to Harlem for a nickel
if a franchise could he obtained, but in

Frecent applications for a franchise this;

company has not figured.

In 1915 it was said that President
Wilson had offered him the New York
Tostmastership, but he said it vould
take all his time, which he could not
give—he being then in Congress. He is
a trustee of the Catholic Church Exten-
sion Society and of the Roman Catholic
Orphan Asylum,

Asked Wire Tapping Probe.

In the light of his possibly becoming |

Police Commissioner it is interesting to
note that Representative Loft, in Mav
last year, introduced in the House a res-
Olution asking Congress to investigate
“the wire tapping controversy now en-
&aging the attention of officials and cit-
{zens in the city of New York.”

Friends of Secret Service Chief Flynn
admitted yesterday that he was mak-
ing plans for his future which do not
include a session at Police Headquar-

ters, and that he did not seem worried. |

The fact that Mr. Fiynn is a Repub-
lican did not appeal strongly to the

Mayor-elect, it was said, and the man- |
ner in which he managed the second |

Police deputyship for six months a few
years ago, although it caused the Cur-
ran committee to employ him later, was
not to the liking of those who are-ad-
vising Judge Hylan in police ‘matters,

Peblicity Hurt Flynn,

Furthermore, it is a well known fact |

that the Judge does not care for pub-
livity and intends to keep his entire ad-
ministration out of the newspapers as
much as possible. In the past week
the certainty that Mr. Flynn was being
considered for the Police Commissioner-
ship has got a good deal of news
#pace, although the secret servico chief
has had nothing to say himself,

As Jydge Hylan would like to have
nothing sald about his appointments un-
ti! he announces them, the discussion
did not help Mr. Flynn. There is also
the fact that the projected appointment
of Mr, Flynn has never been well re-
ceived by Tammany and its borough
allies,

In Judge Hylan’s absence the volun-
teer slate writers abstained from their
daily seance yesterday. Meanwhile
C\urles F, Murphy, John H. MecCooey,
Arthur Murphy of The Bronx, the Con-
nolly and Keating factions in Queens,
the Democrats of Richmond and the
llearst Interest were trying to settle all
their differences as to appointments so
that the tinal recommendations could be
et before Judge Hylan when he returns
to-day,

Aithough many of thé jobs are still
‘untied, it ig predicted that the Mayor
“ill be able to make public the names

ef virtually all his department heads on
Tuesday,

 

May Take Oath Monday.

Judge Hylan probably will take the
fath of office before a Supreme Court
Justice on Monday. Grover Whalen,
who will be his secretary, was at City
lia'l yesterday arranging for the inaugu-
‘ation, The ceremony will be simple
and short.

Comptroller-elect Craig was guided by
Deputy Comptroller Shepard A. Morgan
through the offices of the Finance De-
partment yesterday. Comptroller Pren-
dergast, after the first of the year, will
\qke a vacation before going into busi-
Bers. Robert B. McIntyre, now chief of
the Bureau of Municipal Statistics, is
likely to be appointed Deputy Comp-
troller by Mr, Craig, It 19 expected that
Mayor Mitchel will maké known his
future plans Monday.

Police Comminsioner Woods yesterday
appointed ‘Third Deputy Commissioner
Lawrence B. Dunham as first deputy,
succeeding Leon G, Godley, now a City

Se eeere

Continued on Kighth’ Page,

Police. Commissioner |

It is,

'Non-Essential Industries to Get Electricity Only After
Munitions Factories There and at Buffalo
Are Supplied.

 

WASHINGTON, Dec, -28.—To assume the , Govdenment's decision 10 requisition all
adequate supply of electric power for! Power.
; cee ’ f 8 18 not expected to
establishments engaged in war work at Operation of inilia 4 pec

> be affecied materially by the new order,
Niagara Falls and Buffalo the Govern- as readjustment of the power supply

ment to-day requisitioned the electric, had been effected previously by repre-,

q sentatives of the War Industries Board
titel ge nates imported and distributed ‘in conference with the Buffalo mahufac-
turers.

Approximately 110 factories not work- |
ing directly on war contracts will curtail
, their electric power requirements some-
; , Canadian demande that approximately | what and will use power at times when,

100,000 horse power of current imported | munitions factories are making their
from the Canadian side should be ap-| smallest demand. They also will sub-

plied exclusively to war work w said | stitute steam for electricity as much as

OUET WIE TLWOADET
‘OF WINTER HERE WORK IN CAPITOL

| the Hydraulic Power Company of Niag-
ara Falls and the Cliff Electrical Dis- |
tributing Company.

 

 

by the Niagara Falis Power Companys, | P

RAILWAY ORDER AT CAMP BOWIE

Quick Action to End Jam of
Freight: Enormous Econ.
omies Planned.

LAWS SHELVED

POOLING

Pledge Aid—One General |
Federal Fund for All.

 

 

Special Despatch to Tur Sux.
WASHINGTON, Dec, 28.—The first or-
der of Director-General of Railroads,
McAdoo went out to-day to the lines
of the Government system of railroads.
This order was;

“Move traffic by the most convenient |

, and expeditious routes.”

Mercury 8 Above at Midnight; Plans Trip to Washington to
—Forecaster Says It May | Hasten Universal Train-
Drop to Zero. ing Legislation.

ees 53

 

 

BLAST FROM NORTHWEST | CONFERENCES PLANNED

Low Temperature Blown In by | Favors
Forty to Fifty Mile May

 

 

Chamberlain Plan—,
Try to Accelerate

Wind. | Senate Investigations.
Side Stee { daa ia }
| A semi-polar wave set more than half, Col. Theodore Roosevelt is going down

ithe continent shivering last night and | tO Washington to take a hand in the

| the nationa! and loca! experts announced | COn8ressional efforts to speed up the war
| that it was going to create iclcular tem- end to lend his infuence to the paesane
‘peratures hereabout, sending the mer. | °F Poue ue cnuLon Suewe uae Ge eeuoue
cury lower than it Nas been this season, | universal military training for the youth
é WIth what is Officially called the! of the country before they reach the age
ter rolling thia way ie ie Meets teenie When they may be called for actual eer-
day in these boroughs will be phenome-  ‘'°&
nally clear and crisp, suggesting Rocky |
Mountain altitudes, and that the temper-
ature will be pretty close to zero. There
will not be enough new snow around to!
, rub ears that may be nipped, the fore-

may

 

This announcement came from Oyster
Bay last night in the form of a state-
ment that the Colonel intended leaving
within a month or six weeks tosbe the
guest of his daughter, Mrs. Nicholas
Longworth, at the national capital.

There will be no public, functions for
Col. Roosevelt during his Washingtonian |
Stay. Neither Is he to make any public

| Casters guessing that flurries only
be expected.

When the observer on the 414 foot |
Whitehall tower went aloft in his bear-

skin coat, overshoes and ear mufflers speeches during that time. Likewise he!
last night to look at the 'ometers he tar-

has banned statements of al) sorts while |
ried only long enough to glimpse them, | he ix engaged in doing missionary work
not caring to be frozen to his post. He! for faster war work and better prepara-
found that the mercury had taken one; tion for it.
of the most remarkable tumbles of many! The visit is the result of a trip made!
winters, dropping 10 degrees ateap. M. ' two weeks ago to Oyster Bay by Sena-
from the comparatively mild high rec-|tor Smoot and Representative Madden, |

who are reported to have told Col.
Tis Inspired him to say at 10 o'clock, Roosevelt that fe can do much work
last night that it surely—-ber-r-rrr! ltowara shaping legislation and spurring

 

would go down to 5, and might—busi-, action if he would only get on the ecene

ness of vapor puffing from mouth—hit lot action, e i

the goose egg. Say, for Frost's’ sake, |

, close that door!
At midnight the street barometers

were snow ng s

   

Will See Leaders, ”

| It is understood that the plans for the
degrees above zero.) trip inciude many conferences with Re-

The blast tha! ushered in the chill waa publicans and Progressive Jeaders in
naturally from the northwest, and ft. the Senate and House, at which the
blew the bitter tune of fifty miles at! Colonel will make Suggestions as to
times, and fluctuated bewWeen forty and what things can be done to hasten and
forty-five for more than three hours. make more etfective the « suntry'’s war
Out in Ontario, where the cold wave had) preparations

its being, talking outdoor was in frozen In the training feature of his talks

| language mostly, particularly at White
River, where the mercury ran away
down toward the South Pole, stopping at

he will seek to have universal training
made a part of the permanent policy
ofthe country. He js said to fav or’ some

| 40 below zero. such idea as that proposed by Senator
| It was not quite so frosty as that in, Chamberlain, chairman of the Senate
| the boundaries of Uncle Sam, going Committee on Military Affairs, It was

| down merely to 22 at Bismarck, N. Dak.

Also, it was pretty cool up at Greenville, ,
| Me., last night, with folk out sleighing |
| and bells tinkling in a reechoing temper- |
| ature of 8 below.

| BLIZZARD H$TS CHICAGO. |

‘this measure that brought from Newton
DD. Baker, Secretary of War, the re-
marks on universal training that brought
#0 much comment when his annual re-
port was made public.

Secretary Baker in his official state-
mrent declined to indorse the idea of uni-

 

 

| } versal training and intimated that the

‘outcome of the war might lead to a
j Intense Cold in West, With 50 Be- j plan for settding international disputes
i low Zero in Minnesota. ; through peaceable means, In going to

Washington on the other side of this
fight Col. Roosevelt is carrying the pre-
paredness issue straight to the seat of
Government in direct opposition to the
announced views of the Secretary of
War, who spoke, presumably, with the
sanction of the President.

CuHicaco, Dec. 28,—Winter played al
return engagement In and around Chi-
| cago toeday, riding®in on a fierce bliz-
| zara that is moderating somewhat. to-
night, but in its place is coming Intense
cold, Predictions are for 5 degrees be-
low zero by morning,- perhaps lower.
This means much suffering in a district
where there is considerable dampness in
the alr.

Minnesota points report 50 degrees
below zero this evening and the mer-
cury still is dropping. Iowa, Wisconsin,
Michigan, the Dakotas and States fur-
ther west and northwest all report very
cold weather and the zero wave is rid-
ing on a tempest southeast and east-
ward at the rate of thirty-four miles an

May Try to Hasten Inquirtes.

Casting altout for some idea of what
things would absorb his attention in
the mailer of speeding up the war, it
was recalled last night that the Colonel
had repeatedly told the people of the
West that the soldiers of the country)
were not properly armed and equipped |
and had criticised the War Department
along the same lines that have marked
|

faltkea vestigation which is being made!
hour. This means that the Ohio Valley | the Investigs 2 ;
district will be served with a One brand; >s the oe parc stee ly sata |
lof frigidity by Saturday night or Sun- Affairs. n view o ese speeches)

it was predicted that he would seek to!
accelerate the work now being done by |
such Senators as are insisting upon
going to the bottom of the action that!
has so far been taken to fit the country |
for war. {

day morning.

WILSON, 61, STOPS FOR GOLF.

| War Rash Cuts Birthday cox |
tion Down to One Game.

 

AMERICAN STEAMSHIP
SINKS A SUBMARINE |

German Foe Sent to Bottom
Off the British Coast.

Special Despatch to Tur Sux.

WASHINGTON, Dec, 28.-—-President
Wilson, was 61 yearg old to-day. There
was no special ceremony at the White
House, owing to the war time rush of
work, but the President celebrated his
birthday by taking Mrs, Wilson out
for a game of golf.

A great mass of congratulatory let-
ters and telegrams was delivered to
the President this morning and the

stream continued all through the day.

Lonpon, Dec, 28,-~-A German sub-
marine was sunk by the fire of guns of
an American passenger steamer = ap-
proaching the British coast Thursday, |
according to reports of the passengers
and gunners aboard,

The ship was piocceding at full speed
about noon in a very smooth sea, The
weather conditions were such as to*make
the best visibility. A periscope was)

sighted by the watch on the bridge and,
the submarine was seen plainly by the
Wassengers as it came to the surface!
at a distance of about 1,500 yards dir-
ectly in the wake of the ship.

The steamship was brought about |
sharply and the two guns took a shot
with only an interval of two seconds
between, The second shell exploded and
debris from the submarine wits seen
flying in the alr, Afterward no trace
of the aubmaripe was visible, The con-
voy sigwpilled to the ilner;

“® direct hit.”

The watch on the bridge and the gun-
ners and passengers confirm this ver-
dict. No trace of a torpedo was seen,
The Incident passed so quickly that there
was no alarm or panic, Passengers who
came running to the deck at the sound of
the guns were told that the excitement
was all over. .

 

200 PAPERS FACE MAIL BAN.

Seditious Pablications in U. 8S. Now
Are Mainly English.
Special Despatch to Tux Sun.
WasHINnaton, Dec, 28.--The Post Of-
fice Department's investigation of dis-
loyal and seditious expresmons in news-
papers and periodicals has led to the
compilation of a list of 200 publications
which may be denied the use of the
malls.

For ‘the most part these papers are
printed in the English tongue. None is
| printed in German. The warnings of the

jovernment have been heeded carefully
iby the German papers in the United
| tates, and the chief menace to-day is
| from the papers printed in English, ac-
| cording to officials.

 

 

 

| Madison Club Expele La Follette.

| Mapiso~, Wis., Dec, 28.-—Robert M, La
| Follette, United States Senator from
‘Wisconsin, was expelled from member-
|ship in the Madison Club to-night be-
lcause of “annatriotic conduct and giv-
ing ald and comfogpto the enemy.”
tN eg

* M ;

‘traffic pooling.

, been

| Southern Railway, chairman,

! vania.

With Government operation of rail-
roads becoming an actuality at noon to-,
day, the new Director-General moved |
promptly and vigorously to relieve the
jam on the railways caused partly by,
the legal restrictions the railways have |
been operating under. These were the
telegraphic instructions sent to the presi-
dents and directors of all railroad com-
panies now embraced the

in Govern-

‘ment system:

“Having assumed the duties imposed
upon me by and in pursuance of the
proclamation of the I'resident dated De-
cember 26, 1917, you will until other-
wise ordered continue the operation of
your road in conformity with said proe-
lamation Vou requested make
every possible effort to increase effi-
clency and to move traffic by the most
convenient and expeditious routes,

“T confidently count on your hearty
cooperation. It fs only througi: united
effort, unselfish service and. effective
work that war can be won and
America’s future be secured.”

 

 

are to

this

Pooling Law in Serap Heap.

The effect of this order of Mr. Me-|
Adoo's was to consign to the scrap heap
one of the most important laws against
This law permitted the.
shipper to route his own freight. To-
night the railroad trafic men through-

| out the country are routing freight as

they see fit in accordance with the Di-

tector’s orders regardless of the instruc- |
tions of shippers,

+ The officials are empowered and are

expected to select the best possible route

for freight to move not only over their

own lines, but over all other lines. This
was the first effect of the new regime

which ts to bring about in time many

startling changes in the operating of the |
railroad systems. !

That it will take some little time com-

pletely to unify the railroad lines of the |
country Was again emphasized to-day by

Mr. McAdoo, Only the first start has

made on the colossal operating

problem. But again the outstanding fea-

ture of the day railway developments

 

 

 

was the fact at the railway lines actu-
al are to be merged into one system
and that bath in its financial and operat-
ing phases the problem ‘s to be dealt
with on this basis. The merger of rail-
Way lines may he effected slowly to

avoid confusion, but it will occur nevere
theless,

War Board's Advice Asked.
While the big problem o7 ‘i

  

tion is
being worked out Director ral Me-
Adoo intends to address hi to the
more immediate problem of relieving

ouickly if possible the congested centres,
He has ssked the Railroad War Board,
Which met with him to-day for the frst
time, to consider this problem at once
nnd report as soon as possible any sug-
festion If may have for the common use
of terminals, particularly at New York
and Chicago, and also for the common
use of tracks and cars.

‘the War Hoard, at Mr. MecAdoo's
{nvitation, is to be continued for the
present at least as an operating body. |
It consists of the following five railroad
executives, each a deader in the business
of transportation:

Vairfax Warrison, president of the

Julius Kruttsehnitt, chairman of the!
board of the Southern Pacific.

Samuel Rea, president of the Pennayl- |

Hule Holden, president of the Burling- |
ton.

Howard Elliott of the New Haven.

Chairman Harrison said the board was

Continued on Third Page,

  
 
  
    
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
   
     
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
       
      
     
   

' Akrons Give Big Smoke
Fund Show To-night

TO-NIGHT’S the night when

the Akron Club gives its big
entertainment and ball for THE
SUN Tobacco Fund. Barinding
at 8:30 o'clock, the grand bal
room of the Plaza Hotel will be
the scene first of the production
of an original three act musical
comedy, “One Minute, Please,”
this being followed by a pro-
gramme of dance novelties and
general dancing. Many talented
amateurs are in the organiza-
tion and a glimpse at one of their
dress rehearsals justifies the
prediction that the entertain-
ment will be a great artistic suc-
cess. A heavy sale of seats and
the interest which has been mani-
fested in the event by many in-
fluential persons give every rea-
son to expect a financial success
also.

Read of this and other fund
features on page 5 this morn-
ing. Postcards from several of
the soldiers who have received
tobacco from “back home’’ will
be found there. And don’t for-
get to deposit your tobacco
certificates in.the contribution
boxes in the United and Schulte
cigar stores,

WARNING! THE SUN TO-
BACCO FUND has no connection
with ‘any other fund, organiza-
tion or publication. It employs
no agents pr solicitors.

 

 

| by the Ordnance Department,”

rifle.”

Major.Gen, Greble Tells

' Senate Committee of an

{pidemie’s Havoe.

 

OVERCOATS CAME DEC. 23.

— t

 

‘Commerce and War Boards; Commander at Camp Doni-|

phan, Okla,, Says Troops
Are Poorly Clad.

 

|
Special Deapatch to Tar Sv. |

WASHINGTON, Dec. 28,—Deficient pre- |
parednegs in clothing and equipment was
the cause of the deaths of United States
soldiers in large numbers from virulent

‘pneumonia at army canrps and canton-

ments, according to the testimony laid
before the Senate Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs by two of the most dis-!
tinguished divisional commanders of the
service, |

Major-Gen. Edwin,St. John Greble of
the Thirty-sixth Division and Major-
Gen. William’ M, Wright of the Thirty- |
fifth Division recited the delinquencies |

;of the army supply department, which

left the troops under their respective
command insufficiently provided with
weari@® appare) and blankets up to the
time actual winter conditions prevailed.
It was from Gen. Greble that informa- |
tion as to the most serious conditién was
obtained Gen. Greble thas just re-
turned from the French front. He is
camp commander at Fort Worth, Tewx..
where a divisional encampment known
as Camp Bowie has been established.
He has 25,000 officers and men under his
eommai Gen. Greble told the commit-
tee that deaths from pneunronia during
the epidemic averaged sixteen a day and

 

that the total deaths numbered more
than 200,
The troops had been quartered twelve

 

to each pyramidal tent, whereas the ac-
commodations supposed to be afforded
by such a shelter are for eight men.

Discase Wae Most Virnlent.

“Medical officers told
pneumonia was in the
form they had ever seen.” said Gen.
Greble. “We had a hospital supposed
to accommodate $00 men at a time. In!
the course of the epidemic there were
8,000 men sent to the hospital, or practi-
cally a third of my command.” At one
time, he said, 1,890 men were crowded
into a hospital built to accommodate 800 ,
and that without a sewerage system. '

After much persuasion Gen. Greble
finally permitted the reading of a pera
sonal letter he had addressed to Major-
Cen. Sharpe, Quartermaster-General.
Senator Hitchcock read the letter, which
had deen written last Septenrher, before
Gen. Greble’s departure for Europe.

The missive told the Quartermaster-
General of conditions whieh confronted
the division Gen, Greble told) Gen
Sharpe that he was having lots of trou-
supplying his division with tents,
and other necessities of the
eamp. We said he had telegraphed with-
out avail and that he feared his actions
had been futile

ie recited the fact that he was com-
pelled to shelter twelve men in a tent,
which was far in excess of the require-
ments to insure the good conduct and
good health of his command. He feared
sickness and the spread of all sorts of
communicable diseases from this tnade-
quate accommodation,

that the
virulent |

me
most

lle

 

elothing

Army Lacked Even a Flag.

Diverting from the quest for
necessary equipment, Gen. Greble then
reported that he wae without even a
flag pole ov a flag of larger proportions
than the little storm flags furnished’!
army posts for use in bad weather,

He told Gen. Sharpe that he was em-
barrassed to see this tiny ensian flying
from a staff which had been donated by
the Fort Worth Electrie Light Company,
end his application to the War Depart-
ment for a suitable flag was’ met with
the sugzestion that it was not part of a
divisional allotment. Gen. Greble com-
plained that he did not like to see,
homes of private citizens and a nearby
country elub flying better bunting than
Uncle Sam's own military forces,

Gen, Greble said that it was highly
desirable to have ample rifles, but said
target practice was proceeding well,

more

| despite the rifle shortage.

“We had some wooden guns sent down |
Paid Gen,

| Greble,

“Were they of any use?" asked Sen-
ator Chainberlain. f
“Some.” the General answered "We
conld teseh them to right shoulder arma

and soge bayonet practice. tut you
want to teach men to Kill the other men
; and you can't do it with a wooden

Men Unready to Go Abroad,

Gen. Greble said he had no assurance
when he would get machine guns, With !
full equipment he said he would want
to train his men four months more be-
‘fore taking them abroad, He said he
; would rather have lewis machine guns
than none at all to train with, adding
that he had never heard any complaints
againet the Lewis gun.

Camp Bowie is not now short of over-
coats, Gen, Greble said, but all men were
not equipped until December 23, after
a cold spell had set in,

Out@of 1,435 transport pieces needed
| Gen. Greble said he had only 363, in-
cluding 862 wagons ana one motor car.
No bicycles, motoreycles, motor trucks
and many similar vehicles have been
| received.

Some of the blankets received, he
said, were rather flimsy, probably
bought in an emergency. |

A telegram in answer to Gen. Greble's
| letter, or at least dealing with the same
subject, and written well along in No-
vember, disclosed that conditions had
not improved, It was after the pneu-
' monia epidemic had wrought {ts destruc-
tion that the change came. According
to the camp commander things are het-
ter now. The death rate has been re-
duced to Jess than one a day and the
men are sleeping five to a tent. The!
lovercoat supply has been’ received,
| thanks to the speeding up of the Quar- |
{termaster Department, but not soon |
l enough to save the lives of the soldiers |

slain by pneumonia,

|

|
Red Cross Saved Situation,
The, Red Cross had saved the gitua-
ttion, Gen. Greble stated, by lending
blankets and 20,000 sweaters and com-

, fortera, which had served to tide over,
“Could the epidemic of disease have.
ee '

Continued on Peurth Page.

| record

OR DISGUISED

BRITAIN ASKS.
LASTING PEACE:

Lloyd George Says World Has |
to Be Freed of Mili-
tarism.

|
|
|
|
\

 

IDEALS STILL THE SAME

Labor Conference Pledges Its)

Support to Reparation
and Restitution.

 

 

Lonpox, Dec.  28.—Premier Lloyd |

George in a letter which he sent to-day |
to the special national labor conference |
declared: |

“Achievement of the Purposes for

which the Allies are fighting is essential

to the future freedom and peace of man-
kind.” ’

The Premier also asserted that a}
Statement on war aims could be made |
only in agreement with Great Britain's
allics. The question of i@suing a fresh
joint declaration, he added, was being
kept constantly in view by the Entente
alhed Governments,

The Premier's statement ie regarded

{
as the British reply to the German peace
offer,

The labor conference was convened
here to-day by the Parliamentary com-
mittee of the Trade Union Congress!
and the executive of the Labor party
in the Central Hal! at Westmineter to
consider a “memorandum on war aims.”
A pronunciamento was adopted, with a
virtually unanimous show of hands, de-
elaring that in continuing the war labor
S actuated by a determination to make
the world safe for democracy hereafter.
No sympathy was expressed in the text
of the statement with attempts to con-
vert the war into one of conquest, but it

, insisted that restitution and reparation

and alsc certain territorial readjustments |
are necessary if the renewal of arma- |
ments and war is to be avoided,

Considered Significant. \

The conference was attended by 750,
delegates and was expected to Place on
an expression of opinion from;
British labor on the war aims of this |
country. Its adoption of the memoran-
dunz is considered especially significant |
in view of the peace negotiaNons be-
tween Germany and Russia.

The statement placed at the forefront
a demand for the restoration and me

habiitation of Belgium at the expense!
of Germany. It alao dealt with Alsace-
Iorraine, Italy, the Balkans, Poland, |

Turkey and German African colonies on
lines similar to those suggested in eare
Her documents on these subjects.

The original memorandum was dis-
eussed and adopted early in Augusy, at
a special conference of the Labor party |
and was a sequel to the abortive Stock. |
holm conference of last summer. Its
termes since have beén amended con- |
siderably by various sub-committees, but |
the maln features had been retained in;
the memorandum discussed to-day |

It had been believed confidently, how- |
ever, that to-duy'’s action of the ean-}
ference would be taken notwithstanding
amendments from the Independent |
Labor paity and several radical pro-
posals from the British Socialist party.

 

Premter Thanks Conference,

 

After the formal opening of the con-
ference a letter from the Premier was |
read, After thanking the conference foi
#& resolution of the Parliamentary Com-
mittee of the Trades Union Congress and
the national committee, which partly
suggested that Great Britain make a
declaration of the war aims of the En-
tente, the letter said:

"A miatement iu vegard to the war
aims of the Allles can, of course, only
be made in agreement with the other na-
ions who are fighting in alliance to-|
gether in the war. The question of is- |
suing a fresh joint declaration on this |
subject is one which is constantly kept
in view by the allied Governments, but |
it Is possible for the British Government
to speak by itself

“We had looked forward to an inter-
change of views on this subject with
delegates appointed by the Russian Gov-
ernment to attend the conference held
in Paris, but to our regret the absence
of any representatives of Russia at that
conference made any such consultation

| impossible,”

As to Great Britain's war aims, the,
Premier veferred the conference to his)
speech on the adjournment of Parlia-1
ment, and expressed the hope that this |
speech would remove any misunder-
standing,

Ideals Have Not Changed.

Mr. Lloyd George's letter said that
to his mind “the ideals for which we
are fighting to-day are precisely those
for which the British Empire entered
the war.”

“We accepted the challenge thrown
down by Prussia,” the letter continued,
“in order to free the world once and
all from the intolerable menace of the

 

militaristic civilization and to make
possible a lasting peace by restoring
the liberty of oppressed nationalities

and by enforcing respect for those laws |
and treaties which are the protection of
all hations, whether great or small,”

The Premier concluded that he never
Was more convinced that the purposes
for which the Allies were continuing the
war were not imperialistic or vindictive,
but that their achievement was essential
to the future freedom and peace of
mankind,

Joseph Havelock Wilson, president of
the International Seamen's Union, said: }

“Until we have made the German
nation feel that it has made a grievous
mistake and it has repented of its
crimes and foul murders our aim should
be to carry on the war,”

James Henry Thomas, assistant gen-

Continued on Second lage,

   
  
  

   

This Is
Porkless Day ||

peer |

 

GERMANY

 

| Trotzky to Put Peace
Terms Up to Allies

ONDON, Dec. 28. — Leon

Trotzky, the Bolshevik For-
eign Minister, according to a
special despatch from Petrograd,
informed the Workmen's and
Soldiers’ Council yesterday that
he would ask the Entente
Powers officially whether they in-
tended to support the Russian or
the German peace proposals, or
whether they would propose
some alternative terms. If the
Entente Allies refused to join in
the negotiations within ten days
Russia would be forced to con-
clude a separate peace, Trotzky
added that Germany having an-
nounced her readiness to free
the occupied territories the Al-
lies should not refuse to negoti-
ate.

Russia would insist that the
principles of self-government
should be applied to the ter-
ritories and colonies seized dur-
ing the war. In particular
Alsace-Lorraine and the popu-
lations of the German colonies
should be asked their opinion and
be given their choice of a form of
government.

TRIES
TO SPLIT ALLIES

British Unanimously Believe
That Is Real Object of
Peace Offer. *

TERMS ARE INEQUITABLE

 

 

Demands Unconditional Re-
turn of Colonies: Silent

on Own Conquests,

 

Special Cable Despatch to Tar Srv.

Copyright, 7, all rights reserved
Tannon, Dec. 28.—A wide divergence
of opinion concerning the German peace
proposals to the Bolshevik delegates at
brest-Litovsk has developed in Great
Britain and {is reflected in the press and
vther discussions.
of the proposals lead to the unanimous
verdict that German diplomacy has most

Vf

skillfully sought to divide opinion among

the allled nations and also to create fac-

; tional differences within each allied na-

tion

Almost without exception it
that peace nade on the basis of the ex-
tremely artful German statement would
leave Germany substantitally victor in
the war for Germany, while demanding

 

the unconditional return of the con-
quered territories Instead she pro-
poses a nominal restoration of sover-

eignty in tite conquered areas With the

{ retention of important advantages in her

own favor, ineluding the indefinite occu.
pation of important points,

Steategic Points Involved.

For instance, the German terms
Plainly indieate the purpose of restoring
the nominal integrity, of Belgium, but
inportant strategic points, undoubtedly
including Antwerp, are to be retained
Similarly Germany would restore the-
oretical autonomy to Poland, but under
the terms as indicated would insist on
the continued occupation of Warsaw and
probably other centres,

These aspects, however, are apparent
only under a close examination of the
implications of the German proposals,
At the first glance the terms suggest a

Taiy cxehange, each side surrendering
;vonquered territory, but this is plainly
Prat the Germans’ purnase Tr is an exe
tremely dangerous if superticial view,
and the direct conelusion is such as
Germany desired,

Nevertheless, the majority of the Brit-
ish newspapers are of the Opinion that
it is undesirable to consider the rejece
tion offhand of the tierman peace offer,
pointing that these are obviously
Germany's maxtinum terms and further
discussion, doubtless, would produce mod-
ifieation and amelioration, perhaps a
real basis for beginning detailed nego-
thations of peace terms.

  

out

Count Czernin'’s Statement,
The Northeliffe
ingly demands the entire rejection of
the proposals, The Daily Mail, after
an analysis of the danger in the pro-
uosals, says:
“It is useless to follow all the twists
of German trickery. Three of the con-
dition make plain the hollowness of the

press uncompromis-

farce: First, the German colonies are to
be restored the British empire will be
blown sky high before that happens;

second, both sets of belligerents are to
renounce indemnification for war dam-
ages-—the answer is we shall weaken the
demand for reparation for Belgium when
we are forced to, not sooner; third, all
the Allies are to aecept the Ruselan
proposals and place themselves in the
diplomatic hands of the Bolsheviki
the answer is that the Allies are not
thinking about peace, but only about
victory and mean to have it,

Count Czernin's statement to the Rus-
sian delegates at the Brest-ljitovsk con-
ference of the peace terms of the Cen-
tral Empires is re'garded here as a de-
termined effort by Germany gto force a
general peace meeting instead of dealing
separately with Russia The German
willingness to make peace on the basis
of no annexations and no jndemnities
by either side, provided a general peace
is made, but her unwillingness to adhere
to such terms If negotiating fepgrately
with Russia, is regarded as a confession
of moral weakness.

The German terms are designed ap-
parently as a threat against France to
induce her to influence Mogland in favor

of a general peace now when the situa.

tion is that Great Britain and Germany
are the only nations whieh ave terri-

Continkd on Second Page.

WAR

Detailed examinations |

is agreed |

MOVE

Czernin’s Terms Rejected by _
| France and Britain in
Clear Words.

 

‘MAY BE TEST

acuniaenss

‘Central Powers Possibly
| Paving Way for Real
Concessions.

\NEUTRALS PROFESS HOPE

BID

 

Dissenting Entente Parties
Unmistakable Factors
in Situation.

Special Deapatch to Tar Svs
WASHINGTON, Deo, 28
‘lomats here, without even waiting to
hear from their Governments, charace
terized the Teutonic peace bid made to
the Bolshevik delegates by Count Czer-
nin, the Austro-Hungarian Foreign Mins
ister, as unworthy of consideration.
There is some difference of opinion as
to whether it is altogether a war move
in disguise or whether it should be
taken to reflect real desire and need of
the Central Powers for peace, and;the
, neutral diplomats, in some instances,
| Strongly indorse the latter view. But
opinion has strongly crystallized quickly
in favor of regarding the move is ire
relevant to the main issue, which is de«
sctibed

—Entente dip-

as carrying the war to

torious fiaish.

Great Britains view came in officia’
form over the’ wires from London, and
Was {neorporated in Premier Lloyd
George's letter to the Labor Congress.
“Achievement oof the purposes for
| Which the Allles are fighting are essen.
tial to the future freedom and peace of
) mankind.” he explained.
| Foreign Minister Pichon of France
Res no time in getting France's dee
'

i
|

a vic-

termination to reject the overtures bes
fore the world.

> : ®

I. de Cartier de Marchienne, the Bel-
Bian Minister here, said that no German
efforts of this kind could retard the
“fight to a finish,” and that the only
peace terms to be taken seriously will
be the terms which the Entente and the
United States will present to Germany
“on the point of the sword.”

Concessions Possible.

Tt js understood fully in Washingtoa

|
|
|
| he
| hat
|
|

there inay be tnternal reasons in
IEntente countries for making some cone
Cessions& to certain powerful political

elements

whieh are pressing for another
Statement

of the Entente’s war aims.
These considerations will be w elghed and
acted upon in the discretion of the Goy-
ernments of those countries

The decision involved is regarded as of
| great importance because of the possi-
| bility that divergent Statements might
afford the Germau plotters opportunity
to weaken the tles that bind the Allies
together,

Diplomats and officials of the State
Department called attention to Presi-
dent Wilson's address fo Congress on
December 4 for an answer as to how
Germany's no atinexations, no indeme-
nliles catch phrase impressed the United
States Government.

“Just because this crude formula (ne
annexations, no contributions, no punte
tive indemnities) expressed the instince
tive judgment 4s to the right of plain
men everywhere,” the President said, "it
has been made diligent use of by the
masters of German intrigue to lead the
people of Russia astray, and the people
of every other eountry thetr agents can
reach, in order that a hbremature peace
might be brought about before autocracy
has been taught its final and convincing
lesson and the people of the world put
in control of their own destinies,”

Terms Not Understood.

The impression which the German bid
apparently has made on men like Secre-
tary Lansing and Counsellor Polk was
interesting When asked to-day what
one seemingly important paragraph of
j the terms meant, Mr Lansing replied
(hat ne did not have the siightest idea,
Mr. Volk likewise said he did not undere
Stand its meaning. There were plain
indications in ntente circles that the
Ambassadors did not know what the soe
called German terms meant and did not
particularly care,

The feeling among some of the neutral
diplomats, however, is decidedly differ.
ent. These neutral countries naturally
long for peace and have not the interest
of the belligerents jin Caring just how it
is brought about They therefore hope
that by some inexplicable means some.
thing may come of Count Czernin's bid.
They admit frankly that is only @
hone,

 

   

 

 

The view of certain neutral diplomats
{is that the Central Powers are sincere
jand genuinely anxious for peace and
thut the peoples of these countries now
fare interested only in seeing the wap
brought to an end.

Austrians Want Peace,
} In support of this contention it was
| pointed out that the Austrian people
| Showed comparatively little excitement
por elation over the victories jn Italy,

i ‘They don't want to hear of more pie
| tories; they want to hear of peace,’ wag
the way one neutral diplomat put it,
| The hope that something yet may dee
j velop in the near future along the peace
lline is based partly on the belief of these
| diplomats that the Central Powers grad-
ually will make their terms more and
| more inviting to the peoples of enemy
;countries, Count Czernin's bid is chare
{acterized as more liberal than efforts
| heretofore made, and it is predicted that
jthe next bid, to be expected within the
next few months, will be more liberal
| sttll.

Berne despatches to-day quote Rerlin
newspapers as saying that the peace
negotiations will be continued at War-
saw because Hrest-Litovsk does not
offer sufficient accommodations for those

| attending the conference

|GERMANS IN PETROGRAD,

| Vanwuara of Pence Delegation
| Reaches Rassian Capital,

| Prrroarap, Dec, 28 —The advance
guard of the German peace, delegation
arrived in Petrograd Thursa’y evening.