}
i

 

   
   
   
    
  

 

8 444

ARMY MOTORS END
THEIR 600 MILE TRIP

War Machines Reach Balti-
more and Receive Enthusi-
o astic Welcome.

 

 

 

THEIR WORTH IS PROVED

Officers and Men Will Return
w Pesenit d° Get An-
other Train.

 

Special Deapatch to Tue Svs.
Bautimonr, Md., Dec, 28.——Twenty-
nine three ton motor trucks which will
one day wint over the roads of France

@a they car:y supplies to the American |

Army there rolled up in front ef Court
House Plaza shortly before noon to-day.
They had completed the 600 mile. trip
from Detroit.

Three officers and eighty
bers of Uncle Sam's
brought them over the roads from the
Wostern city through temperautrés as
low as 8 degrees below zeru,
driving rains and through snowdrifts
whieh in one case forced the soldiers to
shovel a path for the cars through drifts
almost as high as the trucks themaetves,

These are the first of thousands of!
motor trucks which will be brought to
Baltimore from Detroit and from other
towns further west before the war
over. The purpose of the trip was to
prove the practicability of such method

husky mem-

of moving the cars over long distances, |
te relieve the railroads of the burden of:

carrying them, and to test the carrying
qualities of the trucks themselves.

The trucks proved their worth, accord-
ing to Capt. BK.
gineers department. They
December 14, and allowing for three
days and a half when they did not travel
they made an average of about
miles a day.

Capt. Butchers went
to-night to report On the trip. He st)
the journey was an unqualifled success
and demonstrated beyond question that)
this country could move its trucks to the |
seaboard for shipment if the railroads
Were congested, and could also carry
freight on the trucks, Sixty tons of;
epare parts of motor trucks were brought
with tie train.

Os unfortunate accident marred the
trip. ‘That was when one

fighting forces’

through |

is,

B. Butchers of the en-!
left Detroit;

fifty

to Washington |

of the trucks |

|LIBERTY BOND CHEAT

 

Dwiggins’s Accounts Show
Deficit o of $105,000.

elmer Dwigsine, Liberty
ler, boarded a train for
last night, hand uffed to two deputy
| L'nited States Marshals. Ife wae bound
for the Federal penitentialry, where he

bond swind-
Atlanta, Ga.,

 

‘must serve a tee year tern imposed
Mu on him by Judge Hand of the United
Siates District Court,

Asvet notelag Ganglule has been diet
to reiniburse the (G00 persons who!
turned over their savings to Dwiggins

at the New York omfves of the Bankers
life Company, of lich he was head,
‘He squandered the tioney on the siock
market, ‘

These persons who supposed that-they
were purchasing Liberty bonds (through
pad iInstrance agent's instalment olans

re very far from recovering the $226,060 |
which they paid in, The assets no far
b located leave tite
Paccount=s at $105,000,
Ben A.) Matthewa,
| States Attorneys’, has
{dhe Bankers Life Company t# willing
‘to make up a part of the losses, pro-
j vided’ two vankes and a stock brolpraye
house with which the man did business
will furnish the other 450 per cent. Tiat
such » proposition would be accepted ty
the banks, however, is thought unlikely,
for these institutions had no connection
with Dwiagine ot! than to sefl bonds
tu lar,

Mr. Matihews branded Dwiggina’s of-
, fence as tantamount to treason and sald
that in view of the fact that Dwigging
tried franticully to escape from. the
country ‘ls plea of guilty should not
entitle him to lealeney.

LOFT [5 OFFERED

 

 

 

Assistant United
been infofmed that

\'

|

Continued from First Page.
Magistrate, Mr. Dunham will handle

the first and third deputyships until the
first of the year.

| HYLAN SEES WILSON.

Discusses

 

Later Plan for Joint
Control of N. VY. Waterfront.

i Special Deapatch to Tut Ses.

| WasHing7ox, Dec. 28.--Mayor-elect

 

 

4a struck by a train at Braceville, a | Hiytan of New York pald his "aaRte
; 7% and pledged his loval cooperation
oe tasae cid the tahues | Oe dent Wilson in a short intarviow
eath wf Fra . jin the White House to-day
Hs of Private Litchfield, who was driv: | ‘fier n brief talk wit) the President,
ng. \ ' e an the« + he} ante
The truck pilots, accompanied by SG OF toni * sare he contented: a
Capt. Bronson and First Lieut, Ward.) creates jengt with Attorney-cieneral |
and by Second Lieut. C. A. Riley 4%) (neers He left Washington on the!
Medical officer, will return to Detroit) ¢ gnyressional Limited for New. York |
yerrrrow be bring east another COM-) gyi. atternoon .
voy of trucks. The Mayor-eleet said he did not dige
When the trucka lumpered up in front (aes eity appointments or other city
of the court house this morning they: patters with the President, . He would
were greeted by an enthusiastic crowd. yiake no statement following hia. visit

The men tumbled out ‘of the machines |

and eagerly received the mail. Stiffened
by the cold ride, they were taken to the

City Club:for a hot lunch, where they | |

were the guests of the Maryland League
for National Defence. While in the city
they will be quartered at the Y. M.C. A
Building.

The squadron was greeted with rous- ,

ing welcomes as they passed through the
towns on the Western Maryland Boule-
vard en route to Baltimore.

G.0.P.MEN BAILED
FROM FUSION FUND

Eight in 17th Assembly Dis-
trict Aided After Primary
Fraud Indictments,

 

 

 

William H@rman Black, Assistant Dis- |

trict Attorney, yesterday said that putt |

of the Fusion Committee's $2,000,000
Was used to ball Republican election in-
®@pectors indicted“in connection with the
Primary frauds. The man who made
thie admission, he said, was Robert Op- |
pPenheim, Republican treasurer of the
Seventeenth Assembfy district, and the
men bailed out were from that district.
Mr. Black says he thinks eight men thus
were aided.

According to the Fusion Commitiee’s .

records Oppenheim received $2,725. In

his statements accounting for this was”

credited one item
manner that Mr.
details about it. He called up Mr, Op-
penheim, he says, and received the in-

of $280 in such a

formation that the monty was used to!
pay the fees of a bonding Bouse which |

went bail for the indicted election offi- }
cials.
Charles Steckler, former Tammany

leader and secretary of the executive
committee of Tammany Hall,

told Edwin P. Kilroe, Assistant District

Attorney, that Robert. Adamson had rec- |
of |
in the Nineteenth |

ommended John ©. White for leader
the City Democracy
Assembly district and had also recom-
méAded men for other ‘districts. Steck-
Yer had mentioned the Fire Commis-
sioner in this connection when questioned
last week. Mr. Adamson denied Thurs-
day he had had anything to do. with
recommending any of the leaders.

The former Tammany man promised |

to bring to Mr. Kilroe a complete list
showing by whom recommendations for
the various leaders were made, Michael
A. Rofrano, he said, was the leader in
the First district, on recommendation of
Dr. Moskowitz, president of the Food
Commission, Asked if money was given
out to certain men who joined the City
Demecracy, “not to be spent by them
but for their infitence,” Mr. Steckler
answered:

“Not one dollar. Every man that re-
eeived any money from the City Democ-
Facy got it for a specific purpose of
organizing their district headquarters,
to pay for the rent, to pay for the furni-
ture, their meetings——for all the legiti-
mate expenses of the campaign, and they |

were notitied to file their reports by Mr. | :
eo “in

Thempson, and I think they all did.”
The first conviction resuliing from the

indictment of election officials on charges |

of fraud in counting the votes of the

Republican primary élection last Sep-
tember occurred yesterday afternoon!
when Michael Silberatein was found

guilty of certifying a false return of the’

Silberstein, who is 30 years old
and an upholsterer, living at 33 Weat
Vleventh street, was chairman of the
local election board in the Fifth Election
district of the Seventeenth Aasembly
district. The conviction was reached by
a jury in the Criminal Branch of the
Supreme Court before Justice Goff,
When it became known that Silber-
ateiri had been found guilty it was
pointed out in the District Attorney's
office that the official’a district was the
same as that in which live the eight
men sald to have been released on ball
obtained with Fusion campaign money.

ballots.”

 

Uv. S. Seeks Indestrial Engineers.
The army and navy officials sent out a
call yesterday for industrial engineers,
who are urged to enroll in the United
States Public Service Reserve at Wash-
ington Such men are usually given
commissions, The call from Washington

wan sent to all part y
aac, parts of the country

Black wanted furimer |,

yesterday |

 

t) the White House or the Denartneni |

 

 

ef Justice. We said he dia uot diacuse |
ders) support for the Home Defence |
eogue of New York city of appoint-

inent of a Police Commissioner or Com-
i nissioner of Docks.
' He took up police matters in a gen-
feral way with Attorney-General Gren-
ory in regard to cooperation in protes-
tlon of the docks and terminals, sun-
j mession of sabotage and guarding
New York harbor.

He pledged the full cooperation of
; the new city administration in all police

ot

man residents, which will begin early
in 1918. The registration will be con-
; ducted by the city police with the aid
of the Department of Justice and secret
service

It is understood that the Mayor-elect
also took up with the Attorney-General
i plan for control of the entire water-
{front of New York harbor under one
head who would be Federal and munic!-

pal dock commissianer. Neither Judge

 

| Hylan nor Attorney-General Gregory
; would make any statement on thie
matter.

Hylan insisted to interviewers that he
did not want to talk and that there
was nothing more in his visit than was
| stated. He was accompanied in both
j hi is calls by Representative Thomas F.

| Smith, who presented him to the Presi-

{ dent,

PAITH IN FUTURE IS
FEATURE OF TRADE

“Many New Concerns Start—
Some Civilian Buying Below
 & Expected Levels,

— et

 

 

trade
{x

‘The
j the future

fuilh in
many new
coneerns have staried and that inven-
torvying is on in full blast, Stocks of
ttaple goods are reported light.and the
| Government's assumption of control of
the railrod is characterized as an im-
portant event ™ one of the veountrv’s
| most. economically important years,

| punts will to-day: "What has
| been tn many respects tue most event-
ful year of economic history neared its
elozing with the announcement of gove
ernmental contro) of the country's crans-
portation systems, -ausing a striking re-
covery in prices of securities, but with
recognition that not al) of the readjust-
ments arising from war conditions have
yet been witnessed. With the business
outlook still obscure arul likely to re-
main uncertain, theré is no abatement
of the disposition to operate ahead with
eaution, and the customary policy of de-
ferring important engagements until
after the year end now appears {n many
quarters,

“What has stood out prominently
through recent months of unprecedented
changes has been the absence of con-
| spleucus lose of confidence and of any
| general movement toward .cancellation
of existing contracts,
some branches the requirements
of thia Government and the Allies have
failed to offset the contraction in civilian
| buying. due to the extreme living costs
and the tendency to eeonomize and
Christmas trade.”
| Bradstreet’s will say: The big feature
of the week is provided by the Govern-
ment assuming control of the rallways,
while temporary dulness in trade ja the
distinguishing characteristic of the post-
holiday period. Inventorying is the rule
and salesmen are off the road, Christmas
buying in the final days of the season
was markedly rushed at some markets,
; but fell behind at others,
| “Incidentally, the customary clearance
‘sales conducted by retail dealers are on,
and at the same time strong efforts are
being made in parts of the country to
dispose of heavyweight clothing, thus
setting up the plausible inference that;

lial
that

TeV.LEWS Say
evident,

 

 
   

 

civilian buying of such goods has been |

below the expected level. But under-
neath all is the fact that the outlook for |
1918 is deemed encouraging, though mot
by any means ultraoptimistic, there

being enough uncertainty ahead as re- |

gards world politics, not to mention high
prices, to dictate caution,

“Wholesale trade in Canada is
seasonably quiet, and in retail lines holi-
day business was exceptionally heavy.

| industry continues active.”

deficit. In Dwrigains's |
fet to by the American Defence So-

WOODS'S POLICE JOB;

matters and in the registration of Ger- |

TO PURGE SCHOOLS

|American Defence Society
; Warns Against Machinations
: of Bolsheviki.

reel

| DIS SLOYAL TO" BE OUSTED

 

 

to” Lay *
Against Otler Teachers
Before New Board.

a

Whalen

‘The Bolshevikt are attémpting to ex-

|
|

‘

 

seat MAYOR-ELBGT ASKED MAY UKGR REPEAL "0, new vorxen

IS SENT TO PRISON

OF OTTINGER BILL

Governor's Committee Inclines
to New Deal in West Side
Problem. !

 

‘of ships for

HYLA AN

LEAVES IN COLD

Evidence | Mayor Mitchel Urges Board of

Estimate Be Left to
Tackle Matter.

 

Mayor-elect Hytan and other meter

; ereise their influence in New York city! 1of the new Board of Estimate, Including |

schools, according to a charge presented

cléty to Judge Hylan, appealing to him
to safeguard the city’s children from
| these fifluences by the appointment of
a Board of Education which will be
committed to the task of rooting out
every evidence
schools,
Richard M.
board

 

 

president of the!
of trustees of the defence so-
{ ciety, sent a letter io, Judge Hylan!
; which embodies resolutions Rdopted by
the society, The resolutions state:

“The Bolsheviki type of alien social-
ism that now bus reduced Russia to a
; State of anarchy, ruin and chaos has a
Stronghold in New: York city ‘ard is
seeking to intrench Its

Hurd,

 

 

 

 

 

 

, comment yesterday by members of the
of disloyalty from the,

| regeinded,

forces and agin |

 

  

 

 

 

Charles 1, Craig, arch enemy of the 1916 |
bilan for relocation of New York Central |
tracks on ‘the West Side, may be de- |
Prived of the privilege, or handicap.—de-
pending on the point of view-—of solving
the West Side problem. if question ant

Governor's West Side committee are In-
| dicative.

Under the Ottinger law the matter has |
already passed into the hands of the
| Public Service Commission, but the lat-
ter has “passed the buck" back to the
new Board of Estimate with the recom-
mendation that the ordinance of 1847 be
litt@ation to follow on initia.
tion by the board, and the Governor's
committee has more than indleated that

is will recommend repeal of the Ottinger
aw

Several

members of

 

poator 12 AM,

 

 

 

eure *nE SUN, SATURDAY, “DECEMBER “29, a SY MEP RET

 

MAY BUILD SHIPS

Name. o U. S.

“ALBANY, Dec, o7.—The United States
Shipping Board has turned to the New
York State Military Census for ald in
eecuring thousands of men needed in
shipyards to speed up the construction
the Government. Already
the names and addresses of more, than

 

 

a re oe

IN THE BOOK WORLD

Military ore Bureau Gives' bedeuiiaas

heen

 

 

| THE BOOK OF THE WEEK.

|

50,000 men employed ag structural fron- |

workers, riveters, blacksmiths, automo-
bile repairmen and mechanics have been
furnished to the Government, The

United States Departmept of Labor will.

get into immediate touch with them.

The Military Census Bureau is getting |

out names at the rate of than

5.000 a day,

more

|

and this figure will be,

hoosted when the employment classifica- |
tion is enlarged so as to include men of |

other trades
of ships.

‘SUNDAY SERVICES
IN CITY GHURCHES

gr fn the manufacture |

 

New
for Sermons—Plans for
Watch Night.

 

MADISON AVENUE CTTURCH. at Sixtieth
street— The Rev. Ralph W. Soekman. Ph. D.,
Dr, Charles Reynolds Brown.

<7 M.. the Rev. Leland P. Cary. 68 P.M
social hour and Epworth League.
PROF. EVERSON. CASINO THEATRE—

 

|

Year Figures in Topies|

|

The subject for tomorrow's diacuasion is, A}

Question That God Can't Anewer,"

 

  

   

 

  

 

 

 

|
|
new ground in the public schools the committee. | COLLEGIATE CHURCH, W .
. ' : . LEG I C SH, Weeat End avenue
| “The American Defence Society | Ripticulariy Danforth BK. Ainsworth of (et Seventy seventh street--The Rev Henre
| hereby requests the Mayor of the city of ans-enitenie agit invesestee in taking Everteon Cobb D. ue Morning service, 1)
New York to take action to eafezuard Jt power of settiament out /4. M.; Dr. Cobb will preach. Afternoon set |
the school pupils of this city by ap- of the hands of the Hoard of Batimate NUSiois wilt eact ” gvemat oma: Monnet
| pointing to the new Hoatd of Kduca- etitely, leaving the matter of terminals | mas carols.
tlonm only men and women of proved 47d trackage to the State. Both their COLLEGIATE CHURCH OF &T, NICHO- |
| ana unqualified loyalty to the American @Westions and comment indicated a fee!- | LAS. Fifth avenue, at Forty-eighth street--
fige and American jdeais, and charging !98 that the city has forfeited its right | tant bas ere nies aah a nik cs
i them with the duty of expelling from iA take part in the adjustment by turn- ing Gordie nee emia
the ranks of the pubile school teachers a one Pen after plan in the course! FIFTIT AVENE RAPTIST CHURCH, West
all disioyal teachers and all teachers ™ cal jockeying. i Forty sixth street. Willard 8. Richardson, for
who are Sociatiets of the Bolsheviki | finer Jeader of the young men's Bthle class,
| type. i Mayor Defends Home Rale, ls be in the chair to-morrow morning at
Loe 9:40
| Farther Action Neceasary. Tronteally enough, it was Mayor FIFTIT AVENL PRESBYTERIAN
fess , Mitchel, testify ing, before the commit. CHERCH Dr Qosctt will preaen at 1) ALM.
| in all efforts that may be made to) tee in the ilbrary® of the Chamber of 890 (7 P.M The’ Red Croas Auxihary bag
poe are the AIAZor Sit Che. new Moara | Commences: ES LADEN HtEeeL, At WHOE ‘favs tn ihe wine Meee tite acters ies
Of Education will at all times have the! question and comment wore directed, ciition will moet IB the chapel on Sunday
| tor al faa re So are of the Amer-| vue Who stoutly defended the right of evening at soi \
ican efenc oclets | the city to nettle with the railroad. ' oP Paris MMCHODIST CHURCH, West
Dr, William T. Hornaday, a member. The Mayor, whose defeat, in the opine End avenue, at Eighty-sixth street br. Charles
of this organigation, said yesterday that | ion of Public Service ‘Commeseioner 1, Goodell will preach in the morning on
the society does net consider the dis-, Hervey , “The Years Made New.” and in the evening
| miseal of three De Witt Clinton teachers | es, WAS largely due to his part the theme will be The Man Who Would Not
a ire © nton teaches (fn the formulation and militant espou-) Compromise.’ Watch night service com
ony ChArSER ef misconduct sufficient to}sal of the plan of 1416 insisted the | mences at £9) Monday
j Batisfy the demands of the situaticn. Hoard of Estimate is the proper body THE RF Mi MURRAY — Park Avenne
fi “itis only the beer maine, he said to adjust the matter. He held it showid ee Subject, Tie Art oof Forgetting,’
; "We intend to take a ‘bhiood test’ of be Jeft with the board asa A matter ednesday evening mecting at 8:15
joyalty from every one of the 22.000, closely touching the yrineipie of home VRISTIAN SCIENCE CHURGHES-The
j teachers in the New York city system. | pains 3 . . subject of the lesson-sermon tomorrow will
We ure convinced that there is iinpera- | oon eos Bhather for good oF bad. — | be. “Christian eclenee
are ov € t -\ , s aan eae i
itive need to continue this (hvaatleations Stull refreshingly, pure of himself,’ FREB SYNAGOGUE, Carnegie Hell At the
1 431! : Athat | peasy with facts and positive in apin- | Sunday morning services Dro Wise will dis
and we are net willing to stop until that) jon, Mr. Mitchel outlined the Kood points | Cus the question “Why Am Toa Zionists’ and
ee is oe aia ; lof the 1916" plan, insisted jt wae the! pee >i zeus BS Or ‘ + ‘
“We are being assisted in securing | best to be obtained from the Central .{HURCH OF THE SW PATERNITY,
evidence by an advisory board on which | 4 } gic r j Reatsal Park West Sixth street
ehool superintendents, teachers and | cng cee cc metances, Bnewerod past Rev. Frank © to, will
! * be OAL h ray sinied: | and current criticism with reasons that preach at lL AM. ¢ s the Future
 eapaipae “s menabers, when wom.{ more than once received the Indorse- |! Stores’ at s Pt all will epeak
sata wil aoe o MAC atae mata An ment of members of the committee and Chrintiaks atale wik ‘ weyeht d The
Pp ! ven ne unturned! anally came down to the. question of) ccc xii 5 cereus
toward ridding the school system of dis- CALVARY METHODIS® CHURCH, Sec
. .,; transferring .the problem from city to! enth avenue 1h street—D i}
loyal, neutral or un-American teachers. nth avenue at i2wh street—Dr. Wilham ff.
fohn Whalen, chaifinan o¢ the ‘hich State. He had been asked to suggest | M organ, pastor, wil) preach in the morning
' schools ommnlttee whore inventigation what, ins his opinion, the committee | om Eaoetne we hears we Sr dai pet
seh s « m.ttee, should repo on “Looking Backward,"" Wateh night ser
resulted in the dismissal of three teach- gree Weattas LHe: WAM RAGA hal vice will start Monday night at 9 39,
ers, eaid yesterday that there are many | inie oy t J ihe = teetied CENTRAL CHURCH, DISCIPLES OF
other teachers who should be dismissed. | ‘2! question has been made a foothail | CHRIST, West Eizhty-tret atreet-1L A. M.,
Ho said he would place at the disposal of municipal politics? Wouldn't you] “The Things Unshaken’': 6 to & POM, recep
; think it bent to take it out of the hands] tiem in church parlors, SP OM, Porecast for
| of the new board the evidence that has of the city? 1918."" Monday evening, wateh night service,
heen secured relative to these other ‘ A. 8 to 12). M
| eee j “The clty kets the government it de- | eee
| WII Ask Loyalty Pledges. ; Serves,” he retorted. “kam in favor of RELIGIOUS ADVERTISEMENTS.

| have been suspended.”

“Nevertheless, 1 think the effect of
eliminating the three ringleaders will
be to strengthen the loyalty of our teach-
ing staff.’
| The programme of the defence s0-
;eclety as so far announced calls for the
‘circulation of loyalty pledges which all
teachers will be ag¢ked to sign; the for-
[even of loyalty leagues in which
students and teachers will hold mem-
bership and the publication of a text
| book which may be used for patriotic
instruction.

| SHOE CONTRACTS NOT ‘HELD UP.

‘Brown Co, of St, Leste Corrects an
Erroneous Statement.

In an item in Tae Sun of December
25 it was stated erroneously that con-
tracts for $6,000,000 worth of shoes for
the Russian army held by the Brown
Shoe Company of St. Louis were being
held up. It was further stated that the
@mpany would have to stand a loss on
the contract, as the shoes, for which a
large part of the leather had been al-
ready cut, were different in style from
the shoes used by other Ciovernmenta.

The Brown Shoe Company, through
its bankers, Gokimun, Sachs & Co., of
New York, states that it has no Rus-
sian contracts on hand sat the present
time, The only Russian order the com-
pany has had, according to the con-
cern's statement, was one of $40,000, re-
celved through Washington and which
the company believes wii! be pald for
in due time, Should, however, the com-
pany receive no payment, the only: loss
involved will be that of the freight on
the shipments in question, for the shoes
are the same in style as the regular
line the company carries,

20 HURT IN B. R. T. PANIC.

Four Injured When Fase Blows
Out and Staria Blaze,

In a panie that followed the blowing
out of a fuse on a seven car Brooklyn
Rapid Transit train yesterday morning
more than twenty persons were hurt.
‘lhe train wags just pulling out of the
Myrtle avenue station on its way from
Fuchmond Hill to Chambers street when
there came a loud report and a blue
flash.

The blown out’ fuse was in the third car
of the train. Passengers on the platform
and tn the forward part of the car made
a mad dash for the rear. The car was
packed and many women were knocked
down in the rush, Men broke out win-
dows with their bare hands, and some-
body pulled the emergency brake, bring-
ing the entire train to a jolting halt.

As soon as the car stopped men and
womerr left it and began walking along
the elevated structure, Guards advised
the passengers to return to the car after
the incipient blaze started by the fuse
was extiniguenes.

BLAZE HALTS “WY ‘TRAINS.

Firemeu Fight $25,000 Fire From
Train Structoare,

‘Trains on the elevated lines from Han-
over Square to Fulton street werd
stopped by Fire Chief Kenlon yesterday

| morning while the firemen fought a blaze
| in the five story building at 188 Pearl
' street from the elévated structure.

The building was occupied by the New
York Consolidated Drug Company. A
back draught blew off the iron at. trers
| on three floors of the bullding and forced

the firemen to get out of the building.
This unexpected bombardment resulted
in a second alarm and the Chief's order
to stop the elevated lines and use the
structure for fire fighting purposes,

The damage amounted to $26,000, and
forty men employed in the place will be
out of work for two weeks.

 

 

| leaving it in the
| “The six .transferred teachers should} Mstimate,”

|

 

   

 

hands of the Board of
He added: “This thing of

Mr. Whalen said. | course has been seized upon by dema-
}gogues and

political nondescripts, but
the principle of home government re-
mains to be considered.”

Solved When State Blocked It. }

“But isn't it a question of votal inter-
est to the State?” {inquired Chairman
Van Benschoten “Don't you think the
city has had a fair chance to settle this
question and has failed?

“No,” Mr. Mitchel retorted. "I think
the city had solved the questi6n and was
on the point of applying the solution
when the Legislature intervg@ned.”

“But it fa a crime to let it remain as
it is," Mr. Van Benschoten rémonetrated,
and another committeeman muttered,
nodding, “Yes, for four years.”

Asked if he believed the city’s power
to deal with the situation should be in-
creased Mr, Mitchel replied:

“Yes, if in the hands of honest, com-
petent men, whose judgment ts not likely
to be warped by the yapping of dema-
gogucs.”

“We are to understand then that you
are for leaving the matter in the hands
of the Board of Estimate?”

“Lam, Mr. Mitchel replied.
fail the people of the elty
themselves ;

 

“If they
can blame
if they succeed they are to

'
be congratulated,” . --

In outlining the plan of 1916 some
of the interesting claims advanced by
Mr, Mitchel were an increase of forty-
three usable acres in the surface of
Riverside Park; a reduction in street |
usage by the rallroad of two miles; the |
leaving open of the marginal way for
the coming of the Jersey roads later
on; the granting of no new rights to,
the railroad, popular impression to the |
contrary notwithstanding, ana the in- |
eurance of improvements that are erit-
ically needed. In this last connection
Mayor Mitchel said:

“Tf through any

  

'
misfortune or tom- |
foolery this matter of terminal facilities
is not adjusted before the New Jersey
roads win their fight to dump Manhat-
tan consigned freight in Jersey City,
leaving it for the consignees to move,
it will mean millions lost to the city,"

“This menace ia still existent and this

Mr,

committee knows

schoten admitted

it," Van Ben-

Saya City Would Keep Control.

Mr. Mitchel defended the provision
in the 1916 plan which provided that
the New York Contral acquire a private
right of way below Thirtieth street on;
the theory that this left the waterfront |
open for development along tme very
lines suggested by the committee-—joint
terminals an@ joint operation. Asked
if the city di@n't lost control by reason |
of the private right of way arrange- |!
ment—a point frequently emphasized
by opponents of the plan—Mr. Mitche)
replied in the négative, pointing out that
road would acquire no fee in the streets!
it crossed and therefore the city, by
exercising power at these points, might
control it as effectively as though the
entire vight of way traversed public
property.

In discounting the recapture principle
advocat@d by many, Mr, Mitchel pointed
out that it was unlike the situation
which applied to the subways for the
reanon that only parts of the Central's
vight of way are affected and that re-
capture, in such circumstances. would
merely make “junk” of the system for
both the city and the railroad.

The idea of a municipal owned rail-
way on the West Side was not practica-
ble, he held. In the first place the city te
hasn't the money to build it; in the
second it would not support ituelf un-
leas the Jeraey roads could be induced

 

 

 

to use it,
position to do #0, The rentals from the |
Central alone would scarcely support a|
two track road, he said.

Dock Commiasioner R. A, C. Smith!
followed Mr, Mitchel. Many large ware- |
houses and businesses have gone to Jer- |

sey within the past few years, he sald,

because of condition on the West Side.

jn~~

 

and they have shown no dis- | t

   

   

i “ BAPTIST.
PIFDM AVENUE BAPTIST CHURCH,

4 to & Wert 46th Street
Cornelius Woeltkin, bb, ¢
BE. Herbert Dutton

De. Woelfkin will preach a:
Sunday School #:54 Bible ¢
wulerd S Richardson, lender
lass $540 Young inen

Min sters
Ji and &
‘lasses vr4a)

 

_ CHRISTIAN SCIENCE

ire hele

   
  

 

 

in the todewing
2 CHU bynes ARS
2 A. Bt. an
esdays 8 P
niral Dark Weat &
entral Park W. &
th St. & Matlison Ave
listh st. & Fort Witning-

   

First Church
Second Church
Lhird Chures
Fourth Church
ton Ave
Fifth Church,
48a St
Sixth Cha

eth st

  

 

Acolian Concert Hall, 34 W

1, 19825 Anthonys Ave, Bronx

 

EN ANGE L ISTIC.
GOSPEL TABLKINALLE CHURCH,
441H ST. & 8TH AVE.

Nev A. KB SIMPSON, Pastor Morning
and eveniog eaching by the Pastor 1
A.M Subjec AN OLD YEAR'S LES-
SON S' P.. aL, A NEW YEAS Mus-
SAGE

 

a EW Ine,

 

FIFTH
REV DR

reoie ‘
2am El. SCHULMAN

SATURDAY MORNING cSermons 10:39
SUNDAY MORNING AT ELEV
“LOSSES AND GAINS or 1911

r RESBYTE RIAS,

/FIETM AVENUE PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH

Fifth Ave, and Fifty-fifth se,
REV. J. H. JOWETT, D.D., Pastor

 

    
   

 

Rev. JAMES PALMER, Ph f , Associate Pastor
Services at J! A.M. and 6:30 P.M
Dr. Jowett uv preacu at voth services
Mens Bible Class at 10 A.M

The mid-weeds tee in the Chapel on
Weunesday at s.1) M. will be conducted
by Dr Jowett,

Pitth At Thirty ceventh teak

 

 

Miniaters Wh am Pinrxon Merril!
my SU Frank Latimer Janeway,
DR. MERRILL will prear h atoliand 4
The Sacrament «

of the morning service Spectal Christmas

Carols at the afternoon service
NOONDAY SERVICE daily Cexcept Jan, 1)
at 12:30,

Pp RESBY'TERIAN c HU RC i,

CENTRAL Madison Ave. and Sith St,
Rev. Wilton Merle-Smith, D.D., Pastor.

Preac nag 1t A. M. by the Pastor,
4:30 P, Rev. HUGH BLACK, D, Db,
Cusitens Music Repented,

RUTGERS "RPSevreRIAN cHeRcn,

Hroadway and Tid St.
The Pastor, Rev, DANIEL RUSSELL, Ae bD.,
Mill prenet at Tt Al M. ands

PROTESTANT EPISCOPAL,

“St. George’s Church

is on léth Street, East of 30 Avenue.

All Seats Free

KARL REILAND, Rector,
SUNDAY SERVICES
Ss, lL ¢theetor preaches) and §
NEW VRAR'R EVE
Wateh Naht service, 11 P.M ‘Reetors

$t. Thomas’ $ Churcy

FIRTH AVE, AND 8D sT

 

 

 

eet ERNEST M. STIRES, DD, Recto
M. Lely Communion
it x M. Morning Service and Sermon (Reetor)
4P.M. Evensong and Address (Rector)
&P.M. Hour of Organ Music,
NEW YEAR'S EVE,
1 P.M. Holy Communion and aaire 88 (Rector)
NEW YEAR'S D.
ALM. Holy Communion ‘atect tor)

Church of Zion & St. Timothy
334 Weat 53th Street,

HENRY LU BRO kK
§ (Rev

Rector. Rev.
>, M1 (The Rector)

GRAC KE CHURE H, sroa ‘oadway and |

Rev. Charles Lewhs Slattery, 1. 1., geh se.

1 ish Lawrence): The _Meetor)
Es, —

ARCH
Vublie ¥
M,

D. (0.15
: Burgers, dr

  

    
 
 
 
 

we >

 

Free,
Dee, Bs

  

 

Ad i
eat Nigne ‘ni |
wa Carri -
THE WORT, D Witt

KF: S
aA by’ the tiekionse Phenomena Teoce
strat jones by Chrtatensen each meet In-
| teevt lew by Repeat, Phone Schuyler

 

ol d ‘ Chinene se . Theatre,

RESCUE 5-7 Doyers Street,
Wide Awake Gospel Ser-
SOCIETY vice, Ni htly 10 P.M.
T. dN ONAN, Supt,

|

|

!
'

Young!
cordially |

| parent

BSth St}

'
i

ioe

-| coast a sant

 

|
|

|

‘

 

|

of the Lord's Supper at the close |out in

|
|

|

|
y)

 

|

|

| bation
'atmosphere of a sanitarium overhang-

! Heights,

 

 

THE OLD FRONT LINE, by John Masefield. (Macmillan) $1.

Mr. Masefield’s new volume comes inevitably and at once into compari-
son with his Gallipoli; and that comparison is not altogether fair. For if it
be hard to do a thime once greatly, it is doubly hard, having once done 50,
to do that snme thing greatly again. To make The Old Front Line spring
at once into.such prominence as did the earlier work and hold from the be-
ginning as high a place In literature it would be necessary to fake it deserve
far more; and that would be an accomplishment hardly within the reason-
able power of man.

Yet this is not in any wise to apologize for the present book. There is
no need. Rather it is to avoid at the outset a comparison obvious but un-
true. Kor the new volumo is hot the same thing. We have here, in the
small compass of some hundred pages, a description of the old line of the
Somme as it is now not many months after the great battle of that name;
and yet already an historic place, a Jandmark left behind bf the advancing
tide of war. In the main !t is pure description; not of the Battlé of the
Somme but of that which any of us might see for himagif in walking over
that already ancient and deserted battlefield. It is the first of many such
hooks which will be written. And it is not likely that there will be many
better in their kind.

It is all faithful, vivid and observant work: at best magnificently writ-
ten; at worst, by reason of its painstaking precision and comprehensiveness,
dull for a few pages at a time. But as the author points out beforehand, if
this description be dull to read, it should tbe remembered that the old line
was dull to hold. We may leave him with that excuse in the certainty that it
will not be overmuch required. There is too much to see in that place, and
too much of dread and of glory in the meaning of that which is there to be
seen, for any failure of interest in the telling. And we know already how
Mr. Masefield can write. He is one of the few living writers of English who
can command what fairly deserves to be called Style. And that gravely
poignant style of his, with its dignity and chaste vigor and the tang of the
biblical prose in the movement of its rhythms comes near to being a perfect
instrument for the work he has here to do. Quotation here is more to the
point than any eriticism; the work speaks best for itself.

Here is a bit of purely descriptive work: the head of a little glen near to
Thiepval:

Tt is nothing but a collection of irregular pools dug by big shells during
months of battle, The pools are long enough and deep ériough to dive into,
and full to overflowing with filthy water, Sometimes the pressure of the
water bursts the mud banks of one of these pools, and a rush of water comes,
and the pools below it overflow, and a noise of water rises in that solitude
which is tke the mud and water of the beginning of the world, before any
freen thing appeared.

And here ik the historical note upon which the volume ends, with a prom-
ise of more of the like to come:

At half-past six in the morning of the ist of July all the guns on our front
quickened their fire to a pitch of intensity never before attained Intermittent
darkness and flashing so played on the enemy line from Gommecourt to Mari-
court that it looked iike a reef on a loppy day. For one instant it could be
seen as a white rim above the wire, then some comber of a big shell struck it
fair and spouted it black eloft. Then another and another fell, and others of
n new kind came and made a different darkness, through which now and then
some fat white wreathing devil of explosion came out and danced, Then it
would show out, with gaps in it, and with some of it level with the fleld, till
another comber would fall and go up like a breaker and mash it out of sight
again. Over all the villages on the field there floated a kind of bloody dust
from the blasted bricks

in our trenches after seven o'clock on that morning our men waited under
a heavy fire for the signal to attack. Juet before half-past seven the mines
at half acdozen points went up with @ rear that shook the earth and brought
diown the parapets in our lines Before the blackness of their burst had
thinned or fallen the hand of Time rested on the half-hour mark, aud all along
that old front line of the Forglish there came a whietling and a crying. The
men of the first wave climbed up tha parapets, in tumult, darkness, and the
presence of death, and having done with all pleasant things advanced across
the No Man's Land to begin the Battle of the Somme

Mr, Masefield won his fame first undeservedly by flinging in the face of
popular attention a poetry rather raw than new, tawdry in the delineation
of tawdriness, and not without the plain taint of the charlatan, But that
fame which he won undeserving he has since then more than once honorably
deserved. Certainly he has well justified his place in literature as a poet
sensitive and impassioned and as a master of noble English both in prose

° und verse.

 

HEIGHTS, By FT. A. Re
Lane Company.)

SHINING
Woylle.
81.50,
This comes

measuring up to real

is not surprising that it has received

Tt is the:

£0 te

near
bigness that it

novel

some enthusiastic notices,

story of a man who believes tremen- |
dously in himself; who plays with
human lives os stakes in his) bold

game with science, and who suddenly | destroyed in him the spirit of pacificism,

loses his nerve when he awakes to a The Bellman Says

knowledge of his love for a woman
and of what it will mean for her to

annexation.
be dragged with him to his downfall,

It is also the story of a Woman pos-
sessed of «a man's loyalty; a woman
Who can be the stanchest sort of @
partner, ean keep her faith tn
the face of endless calumny and ap-
failure, but who cannot bear
the humiliation of seeing her un-
asked love rejected, Picture this sit-
enacted chiefly in the morbid

this volume.”
Price $1.50 Net.

who

  

eu

Ys of a bleak Ienglish sea-
arium filled with hu-
man freaks, seed iad tortured men-
tally and physically, clinging pitifully
to their frayed shred of life. To cure
these wretches means immortal Tame,
a new panacea for the living and the
vet unborn, To fail makes the unli-
censed practitioner a criminal; it means
prosecutios, convietion and, worst of
all, martyrdom to the woman he loves,
This why Peter Harding gives ug
the battle, ignorant that the victory
is already won, Nor would he ever
have learned better had it not hap-
pened, it does more often in life ;
than people believe when the big

driving wheels go wrong-—that some |

of the insignificant little human cogs:

faithfully kept on functioning And un-

expectedly prevented disaster. The spe-

cial little human cog in The Shining

(issie de Valineourt, the un- |

speakably vulgar cockney chorus girl,
with the tongue of a fishwife and a
heart, of gold, comes so near usunp-
ing the whale centre of the stage—
and leaving the too saintly heroine
the cold=—that it seems
only fair that she should have the;
closing paragraph all to herself, \

the

 

“It ipa
willis
without partisan Prejudice and with an ayident desire to
have the American people better appreciate the problem:

and the opportunities which exist on the other side of the
Rio Grande.”

 

The.

as

 

The Greatest cf All Wer Books

UNDER FIRE

By Henri Berbusse (Le Feu)

The Brooklyn Daily Eaale sans
“It is a terrible and a beautiful book
It is terrible because it is so patently
true--and to tell the truth of this
war from the soldier's point of view
is to recount the terrible It is heau-
tiful also because if is true--true to
humanity and human nature, un-
swerving, unbiased, iimemotional, hon-
a and sympathetic It aims to
et lead no cause, to point no moral.

ut it does both. And it is beautiful
because it is beautifully written.”

£1.50 net. Postage Ertra. Ali Bookstores. |

By
C. W.
BARRON

E, P. DUTTON & CO., 681 Filth Ave., N.Y.

| CASH FOR BOOKS|,

Highest prices. paid for}, js
BOOKS, AUTOGRAPHS, ||
PRINTS or other literary
properties. Cash down; prompt
removal,

Malkan’s |

New York’s Largest Book Store
42 Brocdway. Phone Broad 3900

 

|

 

At all Booksellers

Sasne Books.

Highest prices and cash down Bate for

‘ES Soren i
THOMS & ERON, tne.

60 John &., N.Y. Phone 4895-4826 John

44 Broad Street

   
 

 
 

Postage Extra.

bolical plan to ruin Mexico, and al! the
friends of Mexico, how successtu! would
have been the most wicked machination
if it could have accomplished the pres
ent disunited and hopeless situation!
“If Mexico had been permitted to be
truly free by an assisting hand from the
United States, what a power today would
be her food
health and help for the whole world...’

— With Maps and Illustrations $1.00 net

 

 

a soneenasrsemnare

\TRUEHRART

MARGERY,

| Norma Bright Carson, (George
H. Doran Company.) &1.95,
This story by Mre. Carson, for many

|
|

| years identified with the Boo);

 

News
| Monthly, narrates the tribulations of 4

| fourteen-year-old girl who has grow)
, Up in an orphan asylum and under tho
tyranny of a callous matron and s},4\

| does ‘the dish Washing and cleanty

| dresses and undresses the

Vounge

children and in her spare afternoo

hour typewrites the institution's
tensive business correspondence,

 

Craven,
daughter

her grandfather

forgave his owir Jean

against his wishes he promptly
owned her, willed his money
man who was his own choice for
husband and. thereafter went in
self-imposed banishment Jean
viously made a'‘bad choice,

man she married = squandered

jmoney, killed his best friend in a )
leaving
wife to die of starfition, and final v
erudge
hunting out grandfather Craven's he:.

room quarrel, ran away,

satisfies a long standing:
retreat and

Margery,

mit
ground.

burning it to

from the orphan asylum and by

clusively to a certain type of roman
arrives on the scene jist in time
save the life of Grandfather Craven

and to meet the man who had
hoped to marry her mother bu
tually finds Margers a suf icient

 

| stitute. In fairness it should be add
‘that Margery holds the stage duro.
the latter third of the volrme

The larger portion is devoted te

mother, Jean.

A New Biography.

that witty w
half

Max Beerbohm.

and caricaturist, brether of

 

to

sinee

es

ultimate reason for Marsery’s misfo:
tune is traced back by the author q5
Who never
fo
having at birth cost her mother's }jfe
Consequently when Jean later marriod

dis

1

to
oO!

t

ny

sty

t

however, must have
had a Iifeky star standing guard ov»

her somewhere, for she chooses 1}
psychological moment for running aw:

1 ee.
ries of coincidences such as belong

f

ov

t eve

her

late Sir Herbert eo, is purt
write and edit a forthoomins
raphy of Sir Herbert Mas 1s
seems, rather ao pear opinion
ordinary biography and determ

that the forthegming book
“stodgy.”

 

Contributors to the took wall it
Shaw. Henry Arthur Jones, \
Tris Tree, and others who kur
well. The Look will contain ne
ventional encomiins It ie es
to be ready for publicati next spr
“Max Beerbohm object erial
lication in the marr: +I

¢

)
i Wy

Itents will first appear

| PEACE, PEACE, GERMANY'S PEACE!

GERMANY’S
ANNEXATIONIST AIMS

by S. Grumbach, translated by J. Ellis Barker.

A prominent college professor said to the publishers a few days ago that this book ‘1a

 

A hr

e At All Bookstore

E. P. DUTTON & COMPANY, 681 Fifth Avenue, New Yors

 

clear and concise statement of conditions in Mexico,
with due appreciation of the econom‘c

situation,

—Portland Pres

Mexican -Problem

The Author says:

-.se....We of the United States have
struck down all credit for Mexico.

“Had we deliberately gone about a
diabolical scheme to wreck a billion of
foreign capital in Mexico, to give forty
thousand foreigners over to plunder, and
to decree misery, poverty, and sorrow
for more than fiften million
we could have conceived of no more
effective plan than that which we have
executed toward her without ever plan-
ning anything against her.

. “Because the Guggenheim smelting
interest could make some millions o!
dollars more a year with peace in Mex
ico, nobody must speak a word fot peace
in Mexico, for the Guggenheims repre:
sent capital and the securities of thei
companies are in Wall Street.
the Standard Oil people with peace in
Mexico might build pipe lines therein
and buy Mexican oil and make money
refining it,
in Mexico than that the Standard Oi!
Company should have any more capital,
wealth or earnings.

Mexicans

aesQates,

Because

it is better to have anarch

lf we had meditated a «

ull th

and mineral resources in

Houghton, Mifflin Co.
Publishers

Send Orders to

THE WALL STREET JOURNAL
New York

Hall nor

 

“The Germans quoted in Herr Grumbach’s book are net one
this: some are more moderate: others more extravagant, but basically their aims and a
bitions lead to the unerring conviction that they are agreed on the general theory of abun:
The conclusion is inescapable that responsible Germans cf ali classes. up
the present year of the war, have had in mind with striking unanimity a plan of wor
spoliation revolting to any modern human untouched by the spirit of hultu
resolution for a victorious finish to such whol esale raticnal brigandry will come cf readings

a

 

 

 

y Ba

a

y

v

a