~~ 2

4

      

 

SE

VO!, LXVIL—NO. 180

; gee aE

FRENCH HAS A SKIRMISH,

 

MAK'S A RECONNOISS INCK IN FORCP
TOWARD BLOEMEFONTEIN,

Boers Occupy a Table-Shaped Kopje—Lon-

don Believes Purther Operations Are

Under Way, but Roberts Makes No Men
tion of Them in His Despatch Rebels
apd Dateh Fighting Kaffirs In Griqualand

Special Cab'e Ves ateh to THE SUN,

Lospon, Mareh 5.-It {8 beheved here that
further operations are afoot in South Afriea,
though Gen, Roberts makes no mention of his
plans inthe following despatch, as given out
by the War Office

“OsPONTEIS, March 4.-Gen, Cronje and his
party were comfortably estab| shed aboard H.
M. 8. Dorison March 2. Before his departure
from Modder Kiver he requested Prettyman to
telegraph me his thanks for the considerate
manner in which he had been treated, Four
thousand other prisoners have now all left
Modder River

“Commandant Wolmarens begged that my

eolonial aide-de-camp purposely be sent with
the party, a8 he speaks Dutch, He expressed
gratitude forthe kindness shown the prison-
ers. He said they had been well fed, and, as
far ascircumetaness allowed, everything had
been done for their comfort,
“Clements reports that his alvanced troops
bold Achtertang, and that raliway communi-
cations would be opened to Joubert Siding to-
day, The enemy are still in force at Norval’s
Pont bridge.

“Gatacre telegraphs that the number of
Boers at Stormberg is daily reduced

“Baden-Powel! reports all well at Mafeking
on Feb. 15, The envmy’s activity is met every-
where by equal activity on the part of the de-
fenders,

“The position isunchanged here except that
frequent heavy showers have materially im-
proved the grazing to the benefit of the horses
and transport.”

A despatch from Osfontein, dated March 3,
says thatGen, Franch made a reconnoissance
in foree and encountered the enemy on Satur-
duy The Boers occupied a table-shaped kopje,
Bhots were exchanged,

lhe Times correapondent at Osfontein says
that forage for the horses is almost unattain-
able on the journey into the Free State. Op-
position to the British advance, he adds, Is
expected at Abraham's Kraal. thirty miles
easi of Paardebery.

Belated ascounte of the relief of Ladysmith
add nothing to what has already been cabled
The statement of Tar Sus correspondent
that the men are only able to march @ short
distance gives a moat vivid idea of the cons
dition of the garrison. One correspondent
atates that the Boers’ Long Tom on Bulwana
Hi!) was abandoned, the last rounds of the
British naval guns preventing ita removal.

There ia not the slightest indication of what
Gen. Buller’s next movement wil! be, his pur-
suit of the retreating enemy with cavalry and
mounted infantry being nothing more than
the completion of the reiief of the town.

A despatch to the Datly Graphic, sent from
Ladysmith on Thursday, said that on that day
Gen. Knox, with @ brigade, would start in pure
guit of the retreating enemy. There was no
@onfusion apparent in their retreat. Thoy

ent off three trains and then Blew up the
Prides.

The only news of active operations comes
from northern Cape Colony. Gen. Brabant,
with the colonial mounted troops, expelled the
Doers from Labusohagne’s Mek, but was got
sufficiently strong to push abead any further,
He ocoupied the Boer positions, and later re-
pulsed an attempt of the enemy to retake
them. The British losses were two killed and
eight wounded.

dion. Gatacraon Friday made a reconnois-
sance in force im the directiva of Stermberg.
Hi» retired, with no casualties, after locating
the enemy's pogition, where they had two
@'\°s. Hlsohject probably was to prevent the
liners at Stormberg interfering with Gen. Bra-
bant’s campaign

‘the politica! aituation in Cape Colony fe atill
very much jerturbed, At Graaf Reinert on
Rorurday night a few Royalists who were cele
brating the relief of Ladyemith were attecked
Ly a large nember of Dutch, and several per-
tuus, Including @® woman, were injured. The
lh yalists are asking for military protection.

Reports from Orange River and eleewhere
deseribe the oer prisoners taken at Paarde-
berg as cheerful while en route to Cane Town.
Thy waved their handa tothe British troops.
and were anxious to get into the pictures that
were being taken by the ubiquitous photeg-
raphers. The British soldiers were ready and
Willing to perform services for them, and
greeted them with emiles, which the Boers
reciprocated.

The correspondent of the Deily Newe at
Mod ter River, im a despatch dated Maroh 3,
tuys that he conversed with Boer prisoners,
{nciuding Commandante Wolmarens, Albrecht
and Ross, They declared that the lyddite
shells thrown by the British did !{ttle harm in
the trenches. They often exploded a few
yards away and the concussion was nos felt,
Commandant Albrecht said that the British
horse artillery was too light tor field work;
otherwise, it was excellent, It did all tha
damage that was done,

The Boers say they understand now that
there can oniy be one end to the war The
free State Boers are bitter against President
Steyn, but the Transvaal Boers say that many
ofthe burghers of that republic will fight to
the bitterend, The rains now are very heavy.

The Standard’s Cape Town correspondent
telegraphing under date of Saturday, says

 

that the Griqualand rebels huve been
re‘nforced by 600 Dutch in the Prieska
district They have occupied Kenhardt,
1 miles west of Prieska after a

sharp confiiet with Koffirs, who fought until
the Magistrate ordered them to desist, four
bun lred refugees from Kenhardt have reached
Carcavon, The rebels, with three guna, are
Low mareLing toward Upington, where the
Kaltirs are preparing to resist them.

fhe Queen has abandoned her prolonged
vist to Bordighera, It is reported that she
will visit London on Thuraday. She wil! drive
fiom Paddington atation to Bucking!
ace, when it is expected she will r«
ovation,

Lapysmita, March 2—The official entrance
oO! Gen, Bulier into the city this afternoon was
the oeeasion for the wildest sort of a demons-
tration, many of the inhabitants weeping. Tho
Mavor presented an illuminated address to
Gen, Miller, who, in replying, paid a particu.
lar y high tribute to the civillans

 

2 TRS REPORT THE RETREITs,

Natal Poree Falls Back to the Biggeraberg

Hills North of Ladysmith,
Special Cable Deapotch to Tar Svs,

lonexzo Marques, Maren 3,
Bent from
the federal military authorities

aan dion the territory around Rensburg

of mounted burghers,

It is offelully announced that owing to a
geare' ty of food and ammunition een, Cranje
ap | between 2,000 and 3,000 federal soldiers
h rrendered

| nt Kroger hos issued a stirring ad-
dy tothe burghers from Natal, who are fall-
ing back on the Bigg@ersb: rg

lhe President will return to Pretoria to-
nr Ww j e

astest Morning and Afternoon Trains
to ivi leave New Vur* * -~ day via Pennsyl-

Ailroad.— Ade

et cc cc lOO ttt ft ttt

A despatch
Bioemfontein yesterday says that
resolved to
The
retroot has been effected ander the protection

RHODES GOING to

ENGLAND. i COCKRKAN PLAYS BRITISH,

Has Arrived at Cape Town—lain Tatk by |

Afrikanders,
Speetal Cable Despatch (o Tuk BUN,
Care Town, March 4.—Mr, Cecil Rhodes has
arrived here froin Kimberley. He will start for
England shortly

The membera of the Afrikander Bond are ex-
pressing themselves freely, M. J. Vretorious,
Aamomber of the Legisiative Council, wrote a
letter to the South Afeiemn News, whieh was
published yesterday, in which he said:

“We want the British Parliament and public,
who are determined! not to respect the inde-
pendence of the Republic, to know there is one
thing dear to us; that is that independence,
On that question, if no other, we will be
heard,”

 

ROBERTS'S EULOGY OF CECIL RHODES

The British Commander's Speech to the
People of Kimberley,

Special Cable Despater (o Tar Sun,

Krvpervey, March 2. —Gen. Roberts's speech
on the occasion of his visit here yesterday was
a remarkable eulogy of Cecil Rhodes. He said
among other things:

“While watching from a distance the vicissi-
tudes of the siege, it was a comfort anda con-
solation tome to feel that Mr. Rhodes was in
your midst, and I felt sure, from Mr. Rhodes’s
untiring energy and remarkable personality,
that he would do much to enable you to bear
your trials and troubles.”

 

BOER RETREAT WAS HURRIED,

Signs Around Ladysmith That Joubert's
Action Was Determined On Suddenly,
Spertal Cable Despatches (o Tuk SUN.

From Tax Sun's Correspondent With Gen, Buller's
Forces.
PIETERMARITZBURG, March 2., 10:55 A. M.—
The telegraph wirea to Colenso and Ladysmith
are congested with business, messages for and
from those places being received in very large
numbers from Great Britain and elsewhere.

Nine tons of letters were delivered to-day,

The correspondent of THe Sun rode into
Ladysmith shortly after the long sicge had
been raised by Gen Buller’s forces, There were
many interesting sights in the vicinity of
Bulwana Hill and along the railway, There
was evidence on every hand that the filent of
the Boers had been very hurried and that they
had been ordered away without giving them

| time to prepare for retreat. They left behind

| them’ agreat quantity of flourin sacks, and
tents and saddles. The fact that they aban-

| doned thelr riding sccoutrements leads to the
supposition that their horses had been stam-
peded by the shell fire of the British.

| Approaching Intombi Spruit the correspon-
dent found a huge dam that was only half com-
pleted, Thousands of bags of sand had been
placed in the bed of tha creek. In some places
they projected for a considerable distance
above the surface of the water. It apparently
had been the object of the Boers in building
this dam to flood the valley in which, among
other buildings. are the hospitals used by the
British, The enemy, when they retired, left a
hundred new shovels at this place and a num-
ber of trucks filed with sand,

The ruiiway had been broken in many places
anda large number of culverts had been blown
up. It will be necossary to do considerable
work before the line is fit for use again. Two
engines were seen, the gear of which had been
removed by the Boers, thus rendering them
Oneless.

There arethree hospitals in the valley with
800 patienta. The number of sick men in pro-
portion to those wounded {s eightto one. The
nurses here did grand work. Major Pruce is
in command,

Three milea beyond Intombi lies Ladysmith,

Oonaidering a!l the ciroumstances the town is |

very clean, The health of the inhabitants, in-
eluding the garrison. has improved lately, the
weather having become rather cooler. Never-
theless the peenle look pale and weak, which la
but natural considering the short rations they
had been living on fora long time. Mostof
the cavalry horses had been eaten, they being
killed and served up asateaks, sausages, to.
The condition of the troops in the town 1s auch
that they could not march more than a coupie
of miles.

The ret reat of the Boers was a great surprise
to the people in the town and to the troops as
well, They were engaged in intrenching Bul-
wana Hill on Wednesday, and on the following
day they had almost completely disappeared.

Lieut. Col, Sir Henry Rowlinson, Deputy As-
sistant Adjutant-General, went to meet Gen,
Buller as he entered the town, There were
very few spectators when the officers met, and
those who witnessed the meeting were almost
apathetic from their long suffering. There
was hardly spirit enough among them to raise
a cheer,

PIRTERMARITZBURG, March 4.—A despatch
from Ladysmith says it is unnecessary to send
telegraph instruments to that place as the
Boers left enough to stock the whole colony,

Residents of Ladysmith are already arriving
at Pletermaritzburg. It is believed that the
troops who garrisoned the town will be camped

| aK

|

 

| divoree court

in the Mooi River district, which {8 one of the |

healthiest in the colony,

A despatch from Gen, Roberts has been
received by Gen, White, who commanded the
British troops at Ladysmith during the slege,
saying’ “Thank Godthat the prayers of the
nation have been answered,”

The life of Private Humphrey of the Second
Lancashires was saved at Grobler’s Kloof, a
bullet imbedding itself in a box of chocolate
be was carrying in his haversack. The box
was one of those which had been sent to Bouth
Africa by the Queen as a Christmas gift to the
soldiers.

ANTI-ENGLISH CARTOONS,

 

TO SEIZE

Offensive Post-Cards Have Been in Cirenlas
tion in Vienna,
Special Cable Deapates to THe Bon,

Vienna, March 4~—The Procurator has or-
dered the seizure of offensive anti-Enelish
cartoons, especially the numerous post-cards
of this character, which are made tn Ger-
many.

Over athousand horses purchased in Hun-
gary forthe nse of the British Army, will be
to South Africa during this week.

 

shirt

 

oO CONGRATULATED BY KAISKK,

 

Denial That He Sent n Message to Queen
Victoria,
Special Cable | espatch to Tae Sen,
Braun, Moreh 4.—Tho Lokalanzeiger states
authoritatively that Emperor William has
neither congratulated Queen Victoria nor any
one else on the British suceesses in South

Africa, ol
THEY STEAL WINDOW LETIEKS,

 

Small Boys in the Tenderloin Have Discoy-
ered New Marketable Booty.

Three boys standing with their bucks againat
the show windows of atrunk store at 252 Sixth
avenue carly last evening, with their hands be-
hind them seamed so busily engaged that
Polieeman Helman across the way watehed

them curiously to see What they were dong
| He saw one of the hoya pocket something and
| then pounced on the three, nabbing two of
them. Thethird voy took to his heels, Helman
fonnd that his youthful prisoners had been
stealing the enamel letters fron the store win-

  

\tthe poliee station the two bove wereentered
in the blotter as Robert Cohen, 10 ears oul, of
47 8.xth Avenue and Morris Levinthin, 12 years
ol, ot UG Sixth Avenue, and A charge of lars
ceney was made against them. Cohen had tn
his *kets about a pound of leaf copper, used
as 0 back for enamel letters. He sald he gotit
from hia fourteen-verr-oldt ori Henry and
the police went to look jor Drury afer scudias

| the other youngsters to the Gerry society,

 

, eure

 

 

AsSsAitS THEIR At-
BOER WAR,

BITTERLY
TITUDE IN

 

Blames the Administration Here, Too, for
What He Friendliness Toward
England-—Goft of the Same View—Trish-
men Meet to Celebrate Emmet's Birthday

Deems

In memory of the 122d anniversary of the
birth ot Robert Emmet the United Clau-na-Gael
helita pro- Boer and anti- british meeting at the
Academy of Muaie jast night, It was not orige
inally intended that the meeting should Le of
this nature; or, if it was so intended, there was
nothing ou the programme to indicate it; but
both the speakers, Recorder John W. Goff, who
presided, and W. Bourke Cockran, warmly
espoused the eanse of the Doera and de-
nounced the Hritish, to the vast delight
ofan audience that packed the Academy from
orehestra to roof, Not content with attacking
England Mr. Cockran made a bitter onslaught
upon the Administration, declaring that the
President and his advisers had surrendered
the Interests of this country to Great Britain
and that if thoy had done their duty in the mat-
terofthe Alaskan boundary dispute England
would have had her hands so full on this con-
tinent thatehe would not have been ab'o to
wage any war in South Africa, The only
features of the programme that did not cons
cern themselves chiefly with the affairs of the
Tranevaal were the songs,

People were standing up on the main floor
and in both galleries when Recorder Goff was
introduced to preside over the meeting. He
spoke of the necessity for Irishmen of all face
tions to unite inthe cause of freeing Ireland,
and sald that until factional issues in the old
country were merged Treland could not expect
suceor froin without. He then said:

“With what joy and satisfaction have we
witnessed the strong arm of our country
stretched to save and reseus a neighboring
people from the grinding Spanish tyranny of
two hundred years. Truly in that noble act
our great Republic gave practical proof of its
sympathy for humanity against inhumanity.
How deeply we regret that international law
and obligations prevent ts from extending the
same practical sympathy tothe Boers! Weare
told that it {s no coneern of ours. Our answer
isthat an assault upon liberty and Independ-
ence in any part of the world {asthe coneern of
every man who is ready to Aight for the princi-
pies of 'iberty. Cheers 1 believe that the
great heart of the American people boats in
the truest sympathy with the gallant men of
South Africa, defending their homes with their

lives,”

“Hurrah for Cronje,” shonted aman from the
gallery, and the audience responded with
cheers

“Down with Roberts!” cried another Irish-
man, eliciting a storm of hisses and boots,

“What's the matter with Puul Kriger,”
boomed a big bass voice out of the centre of
the orehestra Three cheers for Oom Paul,”
auswered the gallery, and the whoie house
Joined in the cheers

“We must not, however, be unreasonable,”
continued Recorder Goff, “but bear in mind
that our President and his advisers are charged
with great responsi}ilities, and as loyal Amert-
can citizens we must give our Government
loval and honest support Last night tho
President said that this country had no for-
eigu entangiements or alilances. We must
take thatin good faith. At the same time it
must be admitted that there ia cause for grave
concern in the perststeat rumors and auspl-
lous appearances of something more than a
friendly anderstanding with our enemy. the
secret enemy of this Republic, the open enemy
ot liberty wherever she could crush it. |Hisses,!

“The internal or weal politigs of our country
must not be introduced or discussed at this
meeting, but it is not an Infraction of that rule
tu remind our President that hundreds of
thousaucds of American citizens of Irish, Ger-
man and Duteh birth

  

 

 

or blood, threw away |
party aliliations and cast their vote for him in |

the belief that he would be an American Presi- |

dent that would stand for everything American
in its trueat and best sense, Unless an authort-
tative voive wll procla m with no uncertain
tove thatthe policy of this repablia is not to
outrave ita traditions or alienate the friendship
of Germany or the other great countries of
Europe by openly or secretly linking itself with
the destroyer of republican liberty and inde-
pendence in South Africa, these sanie hundreds
of thousands of citizens, when next they ap-
proach the ballot box, may give omphatic ex.
pression to their remembrance,”

Reeorder Goff introduced W, Bourke Cock-
ran as the orator of the evening, Mr. Cockran
was cheered when he enime forward After a
briefintroduction in which he referred to the
character of Robert Eminet he said:

“Recent events in udistant part of the world
seem to show (hat Providence is moving in a
mysterious way to bring about its just enda,
Tt is the duty of every Lrishman, of every
American, of every uphoider of justice and
civilization to condemn the ao bie course of
England in this war. (‘Loudcheers.! This wer
has damaged Englind’s prestige as a militare
power Very. wreatiy, as a morel power irre.
trievably. It
against civilization in the last 400
Yet they tell us that the Boers must be de-
teutet in the interests of civilization; that
they are an uncivilized race, Why is this said
ol them? Is it because they carry on an. ef
fective government at the lowest rate of tax.
ation known? Js it because in their country
education is universal, drunkenness is une
known, divorce doesn't exist and every man
lives with his own wite? [can understand a
country owning @ smart set thinkin that
nation uneivilizead whieh doesn’t support a
1 woud not deny to that set
the tight to life, liberty and the pursuit. of
smartness, but I would have them see that
though the hoors have not evening dross they
have evening prayers, and though they fear
God the fear of nay is notin them, (Cheers

“Dhis Government of ours—not the people
but this Government=is not without reapona.
bility for the Boer war, It cluinis to be neutral,
Forimy part have never looked for ov asked
from it anything better than absolute neutral.
ity. but this country has pot been neutral,
There hus been dilteulty between this nation
and England over the Alaskan boundary, I do
not s4y that wo ought to have taken
advantage of other complications in which
our opponent was involved to _ push
those claims unreasonably, but I do
say that those ciaims ought pot to
have been postponed to give Great Britain
a better ¢hanes, Yet they bave been 80
postpone. because of the complications in
south Africa. Had che Administration per-
formed its plain duty to tho people, it would
have entorced those claims and the Canadian

years,

is che greatest war uponand |

 

 

troops wouldn't have been fighting jo South |

Africa to-day, helping to put down Hberty, for
they would have bad their bands full right at
home and that African war would ney
been begin. But the moment that war seemed
a provabiuity aimodus vivendi was eotered into
between this country and England; that is,
England was to choose her own time, not for
conceding our demands, but for
them. In return for this coneceasion We re-
ceived no advantage. It was all in England's
lavor

“At the banquet last night President
Kinley sald that there was no alliance between
this country and England. Well, U'm inelined
to believe him, (Laughter) dt ian’t an al-
liance;it’sa surrender, (Wild cheers.) It's a
surrender of our poley to England, I ehal-
lange auy supporter of the Administration to
show one thing In regard to this Boer war
that the United States Goverument could do tn
England's favor that hasn't been done, The
nderon the Alaskan boundary, the recall
of our Consul at Pretoria beeause his mail
wus opened by the British authorities, and the
apnoltment of a boy son of the Secretary of
State, who recuived his Mpal instructions in
the Foreign Office at London; all these things
have made other nations believe that we are in
Ailiunee with England,

“So, in fear, all those nations that might have
interfered for the sake of humanity and fairness
have held back, Some may say that the Presi.
dent might have done even more for England:

 

| that he might have sent our Navy over there to

i ee

uidthe British, But navies are of no avail
Against the Boers. They might say that the
Preositonteould have sentan army there, but

Me- |
“certain Tammany

rhave ,

resisting |
| Jen was vo philanthropist either,

 

thal Would pave involved his calling for voluns |
teers and huve given to the people
‘this uation a chanve to show where they
stand on the matter of this unholy war, a

Chance that must now be postponed until next
November, itthe Lord tiod of Battles and ot
Justios will uphold the Boers so that they may
Withstand their enemies for elght months
lonverthis natian wll show unmistakabiy tts

 

sentioweuts Great cheering.) That our
course, the conrse of the Administration
shou aueh as tolenad Europe te

  

that wo are anpporting anglind ts iteelty a dise
loyalty tothe people, and it will ve avenged
When the opportunity comes for freemen to
speak.

“We have no quarrel with the English peo-
Pie, onrnerrel is th the English Govern.
foent. ‘The great aes of the peopie are uot
behind this war, [vis @ warol tho smart set,

 

 

Qe

supports it in obsequions deference to the
loa tera of fashion in Fogland It is a society
war on both sides of the Atlantic; @ popular
waron neither, The burden of it falls upon
the English masses, the prizes fall to the
classes.”

Running back over other wars of England, Mr.
Coeckran ascribed all its wars of conquest to the
persistence of the Norman influence nnd blood,
‘Tf England succeeds in this war,” he conting
ued, “her suecess establishes the principe that
where English authority exists no other gu-
thority can touch boundariés with it. In that
sense isn't a British colony to the northof usa
perpetual nenace ant peril to this country? In
considering thia qneation of the Boer war we
Irishmen, loyal to the conntry of our adoption
with an undying loyalty [eloers), are movod by
love of that country and the desir at it
ma ntain iis bonoe and eredit asthe er. oo and
fostererof liberty, We stand os Emmet stood
in 1803 for freedom and liberty.”

As soon ag the cheering died away, folowing
Mr Cockran’s return to his seat, Recorder
Goiteame forward and called for three cheers
for the speaker. whieh were civen with a will,
the proposer leading them, Tho remainder of
the programme was taken up with Irish songs,

r.

  

MARTIN MAHON DIES OUT WE

He Was the Complainant About a Year Ago
in the Moore Badger Case.

Word was received by telegram last night at
the New Amsterdam Hotel that Martin Mahon,
one of the owners and proprietors of the hotel,
had died of consumption at the Hotel Casa
Loma, Redlands, Cal. Mr. Mahon has been fil
for more than a year, and recently disease
began to make great inroads on his strength.
Six weeks ago he went to Phannix, Ariz., but
as his condition did not improve, went to Red-
lands, which isin the San Bornardino Mount.
aing, about forty miles east of Los Angeles,

He wrote to friends here that he was no bet-
ter, and that he had taken afresh cold whieh
had aggravated his disease, At 10 o'clock last
night atelegram came to the hotel from the
monager of the Casa Loma saying that Mr,
Mahon was dead, An answering telegram was
sent instructing the manager to have the body
senttothis city for burial, The manager was
instructed to draw on the New Amsterdam

Hotel for what funds were needed, dir, Mahon
leaves a Widow and three daughters living at
127 East Twenty-seventh street

Martin Mahon was born in Ireland about
fifty-five years ago. He spent most of his early
life in Manchester, England, and there learned
the trade of brick laving. There aiso he met
Vdward Coyne, and after they had worked side
by site for a number ol years, they came to
this country together, They worked at their
trade tn this city for a few years
and then began to take building contrasts on

their own account as partners. They made

money from the start and soon were well
known among the contractors of the city
Seven years ago they began to erect an

apartment house at the corner of ‘Twenty-first
street and Fourth avenue, When one atory
was upthe Foster brothers,who had leased the
Putnam House, induced Mahon & Coyne to
make alterations so as to turn the building
intoahotel, This the Poster brothers leased
and ealied the New Amsterdam

The Foster brothers had spent considerable
money in alterations at the Patnam House in
the expectation that the entrance of the new
Madison Square Garden would. be on Fourth
avenue, When it was placed on Madison
avenne, the Poster brothers were overwhelmed
by debts they ineurred and gave up
thelr lease of — the Putnam House,
Mahon A Coyne — assumed proprietor.
ship of the New Amsterdam, retaining A, W.
Posteras mannger, Hotel men say that there
are few hotels ofthe size in the country that
have made +> much money as
Amsterdam has Mr, Voster is still its mane
aver, Mahon aiso owned a number of other
valuable properties in the city in conjunction
with Mr, Coyne,

A little overa vearago Mahon was the com-
plainant_in the celebrated “badger” case
ngnalust W. A. A. Moore, who had been ap-
pointed United pases Consul at Johannesburg
and his wife, faente Moore, Mahon deciared
that Mrs. Moore had invited him to her apart-
menta in the Gtenoble upder pretences of re+
turning some diamonds he tind loaned her,
and that while there he had been surprised
by Maore, who at the point of @ revolver, ceim-
pelle? Mahon to sign a cheek for a jarae
amountand give him what money he had with
him. Moore, after a long and genaational trial),
wae sentenced fo nineteen. years inthe beni-
tentiary, Mrs, Moore got off more easily.

Her tirst hearing resulted in a mistrial ow-
ing to @ disagreement of the jury, When the
time came for the second trial Mahon could
not be found and it was declared by the Dis-
triet Attorney that he had gone to Canada to
avoid prosecuting her. After she hid res
ma nedinthe Tombs for several months, the
indietment agsinst Mrs.. Moore wna finally
quashed by motion of the District Attorney.

AUTUOMOUBILISTs,

A. CC. Bostwick Among the Arrested—Gas-
olene Tricycle Tires Three Policemen,

The fine weather drew out a crowd of
antomobilists and bieyelists yesterday, and
the bicyele police made twenty-one arrests for
fast going. At 3 o'clock Bicyele Policoman
Loettier, who was riding on Broadway, arrested

CHASING

| Albert C. Bostwick of 8 East Sixty-third street,

who was driving an automobile.  Boettler
chased Mr. Boatwick from Broadway ant
Fignty-fifth street to the corner of Fighty-
seventh street, Mr. Bostwick furnished cash
bail at the West Sixty-elghth street station
He ia a well-kuown figure at the Horse Show,
and is a prominent member of the Automobile
Club of America,

At 4:20 oelock Bieyele Policeman Stover
raw aman riiing rapidiy on a gasolene tricy-
cleat Fifty-ninth street and Evghth avenue,
lie set out tochase the man and raced as far
ag Seventy-secon street and Central Park
West, when he was so tired that ho
quit. Policeman Van Keuren took up the
ehuse as far as Fighty-fourth street, when he
quit. Thea Polceman Vanderpool went after
the rider and arrested him at Ninety-sevonth
rtreet. The |
manof 5 West lolst street. He furnished
cash bail at the West LOOth street station.

UNEXPECTED SLAP FOR WHALEN,

His Attitude on the Prevailing Rate of
Wages Question Offends One Union Man,

Comptroller Coler came in for more denuncia-
tion at the meeting of the Centra! Federated
Union yesterday and incidentally Corporation
Counse! Whalen reeeived a share of theadverse
criticism. Timothy C. Healey of the Lecentrie
Viremen’s Union submitted a list of forty-two
firemen employed by the city, of whom thirty.
six were paid from $800 to $400 a year,
whereas the unton rate is $400 a year for an

eight-hour workday. Philip Kelly of the The-
atreal Protective Union declared that
tomptrolier was opposed to the payment of

union wages abd Was the enemy of organized |

aid |

labor

Delegate O'Brien of the Granite Cutters
that he did not like the C, P being madea
catspaw to-pull pelitieal chestnuts out the fire
He had no love tortha Comptroller, but) Wha-
The Corpo-
ration Counsel's offtee, he said, was the rot.
tenest in New York. “If Mr. Whalen takes up
elaims
lawyers will get_a hig
whack out of it, As for the men who are
bringing the claims, they ean’t be unlon men
or they would have demanded union wages
allalong. I don't see why we should assist
people who had nothing to do with bringing
about the prevailing-rate-of- wages law.”

MAY DECLARE FOR EXPANSION,

| Georgia Democrats Likoly to Break Away

From the Views Held by Bryan,

AtLanta, March 4—The Democracy of

tha |

and confesses judgments,” said he, |

|
|

.

the New |

| head. simbsand boty that the chanees of

| ministered the

aan —— -+---—--——

NEW YORK, MONDAY, MARCH 5, 1900,-COPYRIGHT 1900, BY THE SUN PRINTING AND PUBLIS
par oun dros ta, was awont | SEX DEAD FROM THES FIRE,

LODGING HOURB IN’ A

AT % O'CLOCK A. M, 4
(mene om & ae

Firemen and Police Find the Upper Halls
Fall of Fear-(razed and Ruw-Dar&i
Men—They Take Out Five Corppes—O
Lodger Makes His Will and Thon Die

GARFIELD
PANIC

Six lives wero lost in a fire in a cheap lode-
ing house at 44,40 and 48 New Bowery early
yesterday morning. There were nearly a hun-
dred lodgers in the house, and, accurding to an
euiployee, many of them had come in drank
and gonetobed so, Not untilthe flre engines
arrived, which was less than three minutes
afterthe alarm was turned in at 2 o'clock in
the morning, did many of the lodgers wake up
to the fact that something was the matter.

When the flremen attempted to get their
lines of hose through the halls they tod
them so fullof panie-stricken men, that fora
time they could do absolutely nothing, They
shoved the lodgers aside, and the lodgers
fought back at them viciously, and as the
flames were spreading rapidly, the fremen had
to resort to rough methods and throw the
lodgers around Jike 60 many ninepins. One
policeman rescued two men himself, and by
main force shoved several others out on the
fire escapes and forced them to deseend to the
ground,

The building 1s known as the Garfleld House,
It is really three buildings which were
erected fifty years ago and were at onetime
used asa factory. Forty years ago they were
converted into a hotel, which gradually de-
clinedto be a ten-cent and fifteen-cent lodg-
ings. In the Civil War it was known asthe
Grant House and this name clung to it fora
time after it became a cheap lodging house,
Several years ago it was renamed the New
Bowery House and after that it was called the
Garfleld House, The property is said to
belong to a State Senator, The lessee
is Dominic Milano, who lives on the premises,
He has had considerable difficulty with the
Building Department. The building was con-
demne! twice as a flretrap, but Milano squared
things by fixing up the flre escapes, putting in
anew halland complying with the regulations
of the Building Department in other ways,
Despite these repairs, the building has looked
from the outside as though it might tumble
overatany time, and the first thing the police
did yesterday after the flames were extin-
guished whs to fence off the sidewalk In front
of the place,

Policeman James McKeon saw flamescoming
out of the fifth-story windows about 2 o'clock,
The fire was inthe building at 40. Until the
arrival of the engines scarcely a soul inaide of
the building knew thatthe place wason fire.
Now, some of the lodgers, cooler-headed than
the rest, or soberer, came down the fire es-
capes or down stairs, But onthe fifth, sixth
and seventh floors there was trouble. The
flames, instead of spreading to the other bulld-
ings, ate their way uptotho sixth floor of 48,
then tothe top floor and then begun to go from
the fifth floor down, It looke! as though the
entire bui!ding would be gutted before the fire-

men could clear the halls and get their hose tn
play, A fireman stuck his head out of a
window and shouted to a policeman below:

“send some policemen up here to get some
of these crazy people out, ho place is full of
them”

The policeman who got this message was
Stephen Ryan, He didn’t walt to summon any
ove else, but ran up tothe fourth floor, where
he found a man lying struggling on the floor

‘Get out of here, quick,” said Ryan, “Can't
you see that the place ia burning up?”

“LT can't get up.” said the man,
only one leg and Tee ‘ost my stiek,”

liyan picked the cripple up and carried him
down the three flights of stairs to the street,
Then he ran back into the building andupto
the fltth foor, where he found Steehan Kear-
hey, Asoventyellve ar-old inan, lying on the
floor of the hall with hts clothes in flames,
Kearney was screaming und making efforts to
putoutthe frearound him. Ryan picked the
old man upand carried him down to the street
He was carried across the way to the steps of
St. James Parochial School, where he stayed
untilan amoulauce arrived, Thesurgeon found
that Kearney was so badly burned about the
his
recovery Were smail, When the od man heard
that he was in danger of dying he asked that a
priest be summoned, and while a messenger
Went to the parish house of St. Jamea’s Chureh
Kearney kept up a continual crying. The
Kev. Wiliam J. Rafter arrived and ad-
last rites to the old man,
and then talked with him = for several
minutes, Kearney, it is said, was at one time
& priest, but because of his habi's was a lenced
by the Church He told the priest that there
was a bank book in his coat pocket that he
wished the priest to take and hold for his
brothers in case he died, He said that he also

  

I've gor

 

| boda half-interest in two buildings in) Ireland

 

 

ing again. si
| Kdward Walker, 47
had to |

and that he wanted his brothers, who live in
Ireland, to wet this,too. The bank book showed
that the man has $1,000 in bank, At the eng-
Restion of the priest John J. Shields of 37
Catherine street, a young lawyer, went. to
the Gouverneur Hospital, where he wrote
out from Kearnev's dictation Juat what dispo-
sition the nan wanted made of his property
Father Rafter was made exceutor, Kearney
died at 6 o'clock
While some of this was going on Ryan and
Policeman MeKeon ran into the burning build-
On the fifth floor MeKeon found
yesrs old, in his room
badly burnet about the face and hands, Mo-
Keon took him to the street. On the aixth
floor Ryan found Martin Gallagher lying on
the floor unable to move, His faee and bands

| were badly burned and his clothing was al-
The prisener said he was Sidney Bow. |

most burned off him. Ryan earrie! him out
into the street and an ambulance took him to
the Hudson steeet hospital, Back went the

| twopelleomen, andoon the fifth and aixth floors
| found tue halls still tull of panie-atricken men,

The polleemen tried to get the men down the
stairs, and finally, being unable to persuade
them, drew clubs and they drove them, Ryan
forced someof the men to the front fire os.
cupes an! MeKeon (trove a lot down the stairs
before him, The fremen had tittle diMeulty
with the flames once the building was clenred
of the lodgers. Not much damage was done,
When the police becan to figure up, with the
assistance of Milano, the register and the
night clark, they found that eight of the
lodgers were uaaccounted for, A search of the
building was then begun, and on the filth,
sixth and seventh floors five badly burned
bodies were found, ‘Three of the bodies wera
those of well-known habitués of the house,
They were Charles Buttie, 40 years old; John
Clark. 50 years old, and Jacob Rice, 45 yeara
old, all homeless men. The other two bodies
were thought at fipst to be those of Edward
Doyle and Henry Jackson, twoinen who have

lotyed at the bouee off and on for several
months. Shortly afterward, however, Doyle
and Jackson turned up. Their return. ac.
counted for all of the men who were
down on the register save three, James
Maginnis, 40 years old; Dennia Haley, 24
years old, and CC. Jamerson, 35 years old
These three. men. were all strangers tothe

clerk, an) as far as he could recollect, had never
heen at the house before, The flVe bodies are
now at the morgue, but the police say the
chances of the identification of the two that are
not recognized are very amall, All of the

\ bodies were found either in the rooms that the

Georgin will start itscampaign by a meeting |

of the State Executive Committee on Maren
14, the convention to be called fora date in
June. A problem confronting the managers
isthat the convention is sure to be a wildly
expansion body notwithstanding the position
which isto be taken by the Nattona!l Conven-
tion. The Hon, Pieming G. Duviguon, ehair-

man ofthe Executive Committee, ia a enndi- |

dato to suceee | Senator Bacon, who ts in the
fleid for reflection,

CAN'T EXPLAIN TITIS sUTCIn(,

Visitor Finds Carbolie Acid at a
Frietid’s and Drinks Ir,

Annie Richardson, 26° years old, of S71) Fost
11oth street, visited Mrs. Mary Maxon of
Fast Thirty-fourth street yester lay a ternoon,
and rummaging in Mrs, Maxon'a cupboard
found a boctie of diluted earbolie acid which
had been used as a disinfectant, The wirl
drank the stuff and died in the hospital an hour
Inter withont basing regained eje> cise ks.
Tie po.iee could diseover go reasva forthe
suicide,

 

 

 

dead men had oceupied or in the baliways,
exeept the body of Hiee He was found on the
haleony of the rear tira escape on the outaite
ofa window on the sixth floor, Ha was terribly

burned and the police think that his clothing |
minust have been burning when he crawled out |

onthe flre escape, Proprietor Milano lived on
the second floor of the house with hie wife and
two children He got his family out in gafety
at the first alarm. When the flames were ex-
tinguished Mitano and his family returned to
their rooma and so tid most of the lodgers

The police beheve some drunken lodger

| went to bed smoking & pipe and fell asleep with

it still lighted,

CROMVPACKER FOR GUVERNON,
The Congressman's Vote for Puerto Rico
Makes Him Popular in Indiana.

Varparatso, Ind, March 4.—The popularity
of Congressinan Crumpaecker beeause of his
vote on the luerto Rico hill in favor of free
trade has nroused his friends in this distriet to
action, and several Messages haye Seen re-
ceived here to-day asking that he be made a
Repotlican eand:date for Governor aud p ed@s
ingsupport, Tt i* probable that he will wet @
so id vote from this end of the Aistrict. Dee
spite his refusal to become a candida bis
name will be presented to the convention

The Pennsylvania Limited seta the Pace. |
Fivest train berm en ie Kast and Wea ‘

aves
N ‘ very, miorming for », Cinciumad,
Futuna vaud St Louls, ~aqee —

 

 

 

 

Rain turning to snow to-day;
cold wave to-night.

 

SSS _———e- —

PRICE TWO CENTS.

7 | Fig IN NELSON'S TIVOLL

| P(LICEMAN NOT ALLOWED IN TO
MAKE ARRESTS,

 

HING ASS

ic. gine

 

 

A TRANCE SIX WELKS,

New Haven Physicians Puzzled Over a Girl
Who Has Had a Long Sleep.

New Haven, Conn., March 4.—The medical
profession in this city is puzzled over the caso
of Pauline Fitzgerald ,x domestic,awed 1 years, |
who has been in atrance at the General Hos-
pital here for six weeks, When the girl fret
came to the notice of the hospital physicians
she appeared ty be in a sound sleep, Liquid
nourishment was forced into her stomach.
During her protracted sleep in the institution
her condition remained the same.

Tho girl was transferrea to the Springside
Home on Friday. She has opened her eyes

|

{
several times since being taken to the latter
institution and the hospital authorities re-

 

 

 

 

Two Young Men Who Were Catapulted
From the Door Appenled to Him, but
the Manager Wouldn't Leté@he Bluecoat
in—Tumultuous Scrap While It Lasted.

The Tenderloin poltce represented by Patrole
man Thomas Flyny were successfully held at
bay last night at Bob Nelson's Pivoli in West
Thirty-fifth street, Last evening the resort
Was running full blast, although the big elece
tric signs in front of the building were
dark. There was the usual aggregation
of women ready to make acquaintances there,
with some men, about 10 o'e'ock, when two
young men {in evening clothes and wearing
crush hats went in to bave a drink. One of
the men wis tall, one was short

They disputed an lalieged overcharge for
thetr drinks, and said that they did not proe
pose to be gouged. The waiter pitched into
the short man without waste of time, and the
short man’s companion came to his assistance,
which was a signal to all thea walters in the
place to rally to the support of their comrade
and rugh the daring customers out of doors
somewhat the worse for their transit.

The crush-hat men put up an unexpectedly
good fight and the patrons of the place arose
with one accord to see thefun. The waiters
punched and the men parried and struck back.
Tables were overturned, glasses were broken,
the music stopped, and In ite place the women,
who hal quit their drinks, shrieked overthe
notse of the guneral tumult, to the com batante
to keep it up

Little by little the two venturesomea men
were edged toward the door, losing thete

ported to-night that hynotism had been tried
upon her to-day with the result that the sleep-
fng girl wes revived sufficiently to be able to
whisper.

 

 

RODE ON AN AVALANCHE.

Four Men at Dyea Tell of an Experience
on the White Pass Line,

Vicrorta, B, C,, March 4.—A ride on the crest
of an avalanche fs the thrilling experience that
four men at Dyea live to boast of.
Beeman, O'Brien,
were working near

Messrs.
Herman and Kirts
the summit on the
White Pass line when tho snow on which
they were working started. By thetime their
fright had lifted their hats off they were landed
beyond Stone House, They had travelled over
athousand feet and were only a little bruleed
by the sudden stoppage cf the avalanche when
the journey ended,

 

THE CANAL COMMISSION.

Admiral Walker and the Other Members
Expected at Colon This Week.

Special Cable Despatch to Tae Sux.

Coton, Colombia, March 4.—Admiral Walker, bate In the progress, and when the
of the American Canul Commission, is now at | °°O, Was reached they shot through it,
Panama. He and the other members of the gad founs themasives on the sidewalk of
commission are expected to arrive here this Thirty-Afth street, They shouted for the

police. They shouted loud and it was

week. Preparations are being made for their

reception. Sunday night and their calls brought Officer

Flynn and several hundred persons from
Broadway, only afew rods distant, and from
two other resorts {n that block. The crowd
numbered from three hundred to five hundred
people within a very few minutes,

The ousted men made their complaint te
Flynn and demanded that be arrest the waiter
who had committed the first assault, Flynn
started into the place and the bouncer who had
assisted the waiters inthe pummeling of the
men met hin atthe door and told him to wait
there and he, the bounger, would go and get

MILLIONS OF FAMINE SUFFERERS,

Lord Curzon Reports That There Ia No
Change tn the Situation,
‘pecial Cable Despatch to Tar Ben,

Lonpon, March 4.~Lord Curzon, Viceroy of
India, cables regarding the famine in that
country that there {s no change of any impor-
tunce in the aituation,
mencing in Madras
outlook 1s very gloomy

Relief work is com-
It is reported that the
Lord Curzon gives a

total of 4,374,000 pergons on the relief lists, the guilty waiter. Flynn watted for five
oie minutes or more and ‘then, the bouncer
SCOPE OF RAMAPO'S PLANS, not reappearing, he started again te

 

enter the resort. Just inside the door he was
halted by the manager of the place, C. J.
Ackron, who tol! him that he could not goin
and asked hia what he meant by trying to,
Flynn explained that he wanted the watter
who had assaulted the men

“Well you don't get him, see? You got no
business here and you can't come in. You
better go sweepthe atreets, Thereain’t no
cop gotpull enoughto getin here,” was the
retort: Some ofthe crowd heard this and dee
inandedthat Fivnn go in and arrest the waiter.
They pushed him up the steps and Ackron
halted him again and threatened to throw him
out.

Ackron floally demanded that the officer dise

Company Seeks to Control the Water Rights
of Seventeen Counties,

The Merchants’ Association has prepared a
map from the advance reports of the engineers
employed by the Water Supply Committee of
that association which shows {n dark colors
the sections of the State as far north as Albany,
running up tne Mohawk Valley at Schenectady,
in which the Ramapo Water Company has ob-
tained the water rights by option. The Ramapo
company has filed claims and bought options |
and rights which give it control ofthe essential | perse the reople, who were blockading the way
water rights in the counties of Rockland, | in front of the place, and Fiyon cleared a pase

Orange, Ulster, Sullivan, Gre } sage Along the sidewalk.
& : Ivan, Greene, Deiaware, h tho meantime some one tn the crowd

Albany, Schoharie, Schenectady, Montgomery, | had sent word ground to. the atation
Dutchess, Columbia and Rensselner, andithas | house and Serg, Townsend detalled Serg,
invaded four ether counties, making a total of purepe and etrolmen rane ive wr

seventeen counties in which the water rights | the crowd wanted the two aggrieved men

are alrealy aboutto be practically preémpted | = make complsipts abd forge asreree bus

t N k ; the men, whode + had meanwhile been
and ba aa a «ne roe thrown ont fo them, paid that they could not
a contract with that company at the company's oa oetee mized up in 4 general row the

i wv olica aor ne
figure Or unless New York receives the right of | ith police Gouct ba Pt os and they capture

condemnation, as asked forin the Morgan bill weit, poy ead ae reneree,. Pures bac

now before the Cities’ Cominittee of the Assem- | to the atation house. The fon was over, the
crowd dispersed and the resorts in the street
went on doing business

A policeman may not enter an incorporated
membership club with a genuine charter ex-
cept on order of the Excise Commissioner, or
to arrest for felony, or fora misdemeanor he
has witnessed, or with a warrant,

bly

The Merchants’ Association has also prepared |
acircular outlining the bills for the rellef of |
New York now pending in the Assembly and
asking merchants throughout the State to ap-
peal to their Assemblymen to pass tuese bills, |
not only for the good of New York city, but for
the benefit of other efties.

MINISTER SUELDON?s

Thousands of Orders for the Topeka "Dally
Capital’ While He Is Faditing It.

Topeka, Kan., March 4.—Already the Topeka
Post OMee and the Daily Capital office are
swamped with applications for copies of the
paperunlerthe Rev, Mr. Sheldon'’s manage-
ment, beginning March 13. Mr. Sheldon, the
author of "In His Steps,” iato have control of
the paper fora week toshow his idea of the
sort of a newspaper that ought to be published
in a Christian country, the sort of anewspaper
that Christ would publish,

Subscriptions for the Sheldon edition passed
the 100,000 mark yesterday, and there are in-

dications that the rush has just begun, At the
close of business in the counting room at 10

NEW GOLD FIBLD IN ALASKA,

 

NEWSPAPER,

 

 

Rich Discoveries on Jack Wade Creek, Near
Eagle City.

Saw Francrsco, March 4.—Charles D. Lana,
the millionaire mine operator, has just received
word from Alaska thata rich gold discovery has
been made on Jack Wade Creek, near Eagle
City in American territory. Near the r chest
strikes were found old rusty mining implee
ments, showing that many years agothe Ruse
slans who explored the country emptied tha
rich poekets on the creck but ignored the scate
tered flelds.

This creek was located two years ago last

May by Jameson and Day, who staked out a'l
the good ground, Prospectors have since
sawarined in, but work has been prevented by
injunctions taken out by the original locvaters,

o'clock last night there was a atack of un- | On one claim was found the biggmst sugeet

opened mail that would fill a bushel measure. | ever discovered on the Klondike, Judge Mor
o-day a wagon load of letters contain- | ford of Dawson, Who has just returned from
ing remittances for the religious edi- | Wade Creek, says the clean-upnext spring will

tion was hauled to the counting room. Or. | be enormous

ders are increasing with every tneoming On three claims above Lower Discovery dirt

averaged $13 to the pan and pieked pane
yielded $85, About one thousand miners are
| at work, though many are interfered with by
injunctions, There promises to be a great
rush intothe district next spring.

mail and it would be impossible at this time to
give an intelligent estimate of the total circu.
lation. With the eounting room foree more
than qnadirupled, it is barely possible to keep
even With the rush of orders

Tho resources of the Topeka Post Office were
never before so heavily taxed and Postmaster
Guthrie was comp ‘ited to-davto make asccond
requisition upon the Post OMe Department
for he!p in handling the Shel .on edition

SMALLPOX AT

 

NEGROES SERKING RIEVENGFE,

Leader of a Band Which Resonted a Lynching
Shot—Companions Aroused.

Monice, Ala, Mareh 4.—Reporta from Latoe
hatchie, Ala., on the Louisville and Nashville
A Sheffield School Freshman From Grand | Railroad, pear Mobile, say that the nezroos

Rapids, Mich,, Has the Disense, to the number of a hundred are excited

New Haven, Conn, March 4. - George W. | over the assassination of one of their race,
Perkins of Grand Rapids, Mich.. a student in | Jim Crosby. We was called tothe door of his
the Freshman class of the Sheffleld Scientific | house at midnight and riddled with buckshot,
School at Yale University is ill with amalipox | When he fell the assassins rushed into the
at his room, 401) Temple street. Fiver since | house and dragging his wife and jittle dangh-
last Wednesday, when the first symptoms of | ter from hed, cut and shot them, The wife and

\

 

YALE,

illness appeared, the patient hos been coutined | daughtercrawled to the home of a neighbor,
tohis room, Asa result, very few of his fellow ) Where they related their story. The news
students have been exposed to the contagion, | aiickly spread, aud to-day the negroes have
A comp! te list has been made of all who have | crowded into Letohatehle from every town
been in the house and these have not only | Within aratins of twenty miles. They deciare
been vaceinated, but leave of absence has been | they know the assassins, who are white men.

{

| even tothem and they have been instrucied | and they will have reve a.

| to fsolate thempelves ) . The trouble grew out of the shooting several

| The university authorities, aided by the city | days ago of Sam Powell, a merchant, by @

| health officers, have been active and no appre- | negco. The negro was apprehended and
hension ja felt that the disease will spread, lynehed. The negrovw declared they would

aveng: his death, and {n this declaration Jim
Crosby was tho spokesman,

several officers have gone from Montgomery
to assist the officials of Letohatchia in pree
serving the peace

BRITISH VWICT-CONSULI'IS: ATTACK.

Calle Gov. Lind a "Blatant Politician,”
bunt Says He Syoke oa ion American,

Minyvaronrs, Minn, March 4.—F. H. Morphy,
British Vice-Consu!l at St. Paul, is being
severely criticise] for his speech ata meeting
of Englishmen in which he spoke of Gov. Lind
as a‘blatant politician,” who in proclaiming
his sympathies with the Boers, was proattiut-
ing his offlee for votes, Parallels are drawn
with the Lord Sackville-West ineident, and
Gov. Lind has been urge! to_make complaint
to the Federal authorities. He has declined,
however, to take notice of the ineident

Mr. Morphy declares that he isan American
citizen And spoke as on American. citizen, as
was lils rahe ne, looks after the consulate
business incidentally and 1s not sent here as a | f

0 preset 7 been iiland is snpposed to have become dee
1 ret representative of the British Govern. | pressed, He wae ee popular young Demoerat,
n and at one time was President of the City
Couneil. He leaves a wife and one child

In his uote to his wile he failed to give any
reason forthe act. Forthree hours prior to hts
suicide he was in aeiubroom and apparently to
good spirits,

RAILROAD MAN'S SUICIDE,

 

A Baltimore and Obto Cashier in Wilminge
ton, Del., Kills Himeelf,

Winsisatoy, Del, Mareh 4—John © Farra,
aged 44 years, local cushiorof freight recelpte
of the Baltimore and Olifo Railroad Company,
committed anicide in his office here this aftere
noon. He bared his breast andthen flred two
| shota, the first inthe centre of his chest and

the eecond through his head. He left the come
bination of his safe to James F. Ulagins
freight agent, and a note for his wife, He had

 

 

   
 

shi BOIRDS THE NEW york, !

Picha Up Two Liteboats and Smashes En-
gine-Roons S' slight With Them.

| The Americantiner New York met lots of

rough Weather on the vovage from Southamyp-

 

 

Six Children in Two Years and a Half.

La Crosse, Wis, Mareh 4.—Triplets were
an a finished yesterday at her pier, foot born to Mrs. Jonn Burke of this city last
nf iltoer a lwo
of Fulton streot, North Kiver’ The wine and night Mother and children are doing well
sea were at their worst on Friday. A wave and it i4 believed that they will live Bigh-

erest came aboard, tore two liieboats from
their lushings and hurled them on the engine-
room skylight, smashing it in. ‘The water
that rushed through the broken places de-
scended on the hot Grlinder heads of the star-
board engines, and there was an eruption of
vapor that frightened some of the passengers

Mrs. Burke gave birth to
ten months before one child was

teen mouths ago
twins and
born
Pure Spring Water Free.
The drinking water served in the New York Cem
the Celebrated /olarts

 

an! madethe engineers uncomfortable for & oe dete tocariie, ox the  W. & O. Division
ew seconds, Nobody was hurt and there was | the foothills of the Adirondack Mountains, wie

no damage, absolutely pu

ae enna

oe re ge eee ee =