ae

SINGERS KISSED MR. GRAU.

INTERESTING
OPERA

 

YESTERDAY NOON,

Artists of the Company Presented to the
Impresario a Diamond Cross of the
Legion of Honor—Afterward the Prima
Donnas Almost Overwhelmed Him With
the Evidences of Their Personal Kegard,

 

Tho principal members ot the Maurice Grau
Opera Company gatherod yesterday at noon in
the flerce light that beats through the win-
dows of the Opera Houee foyer on the second |
floor. Lt is in this room that sandwiches and
lemonade are served when the programme 1s
devoted to uneut Wagner Yesterday the
buffet was provided with champagne anil
waters, for the oecasion of this unusual assein-
blage was wholly festal. Prima donnas rarely
come out in thp morning so early, and are
more rarely seen chatting together in|
such affectionate fashion, It was plain that |
an important event was to happen. And the
purpose of this meeting was nothing less than
the presentation to Maurice Grau of a diamond
eross of a Chevalier of the Legion of Honor of
France and a set of engraved resolutions 6x-
pressing the high appreciation and great affec-
tion felt tor him bythe members of the com-
pany. All of them had contributed to the pur-
ehase of the cross in proportion to the amount
of their salaries, The plan of honoring Mr
Grau in this way was suggested by M. Simon-
aon, the Treasurer of the company, who has
been associated with the manager for many
years,

The singers were asked to assemble at half-
past 12 o'clock. It was an hour later bhe-
fore they began to arrive. Mme, Sembrich,
who was downstairs at a rehearsal of “Die
Lustigen Weiber von Windsor,” appeared first
arm-in-arm with Mme. Schumann-Heink, who
had prepared herself for the same rehearsal by
putting on a bicycle ekirt. They were soon
joined by Mme. Eames radiant in a white and
yellow hat, and the three grouped themselves
onasofa, Soon Mile, Zéliede Lussan arrived
and later camo all the singers excepting Mile.
Calvé, who arrived only at Lo'clock from the
South. Mile. Ternina, looking as heroic asa
lavender silk walst would permit; Mme.
Nordica draped in purple velvet until she re-
sembled the Duchess of Walhalia; Mrs, Adams-
Btern, the youngest of the prima donnas, shar-
ingaverysmil! chair with her husband, Leo
Rtern; Mme. Banermeister smiling aa freshly
as if this wero her first year on the stage;
Susan Stroug wondering when she would beas

famous as Mmes. Eamos or Nordica, Mile,
Olitzka and Olga Pevny were scattered in &
semicirele around the room

Ernest Van Dyck, with his iron gray hair
and youthful face, headed the contingent of
tenora, which included M. Saléza, who has giveo
upall hope of singing here this winter agein
and returns on Thursday to Paria, and M. Dip-
ve. Allthe conductors, in the persona of Sig.
Mancinelli, Mr, Paur and Sig. Bevignani were
preaent and kept ae far apart 4s possible. An-
ton Van Rooy, Herman Jevries whose wife is
eo fil that ber children have bean summoned

 

from France, Dulriche, Jules Perotti
who seemed to enjoy every minute he
was in tha theatre, and Sig, Seott! who

was endeavoring to discover the meaning of
the word peerless” in Italian because he had
somewhere been describedas a “peeriess barl-
tone’ and knew that it meant something
good although he was not certain just how

ood, sat in one corner of the room, Mime,
Santelli in black saat with Mme. de Vere, who
looked like athird reproduction of Mile, Calvé
Ralph Edmunds, blushing to the back of his
neok with the responsibilities of his place
as press representative of such a distinguished
group, divided his attentions equally between |
the prima donnas. :

Edward Lauterbach appeared in advances of
Mr. Grau, who came tn suddenly and tried to
hide himself in @ crowd. Mr. Lauterbach
took his place before an easel covered with an
American flag. He spoke at_some length on
the distinction bestowed on Mr Grau by the
French Government when it selected him for
the especial honor of a decoration which was
ao rarely bestowed on any but Frenchmen.
Mr, Lauterbach said it was no longer possible
for Mr. Grau to escape from the honor which |
his friends were determined to bestow on him,
and that he would to-day be compelled to ne-
cept from the singers the tribute whioh they
had prepared for him. Mr, Lauterbach’s speech
wae interrupted frequently by applause from
the artists and it was observed that those sit-
ting directly in Mr. Grau’s line of vision ap-
plauded with greater enthusiasm and vehe-

ence than any_ofthe others, Ac the close of
his speech Mr. Lauterbach drew aside the fla
and revealed the resolutions. They atteste:
the appreciation of the singers for Mr, Grau's
efforts on behalf of operatic art and were beau-
tifully engrossed on vellum. Scenes from “Das
Rheingold.” “Carmen” andi@"Atda” were
painted in the text. Mr. Lauterbach, after
reading the text, retired

Mr. Grau thanked the artists and ‘n an ex-
tremely brief and modest speech said that he
owed to them and to those who had been as-
sociated with him in the past all the distine-
tion he had won‘as an impresario, Mr. San-

er then came forward and pinned on Mr
irau’s coat the diamond cross of a chevalier
of the Legion of Honor presented to him by |
the arti-ts and employees of the Maurice Grau
OF ra Company

Mfr. Gran was left standing alone for a mo-
Mmentinthecentra of the room and the most
exciting scene of the morning followed, Al-
though only one of the prima donnas has been
engaged for next season they were all so
moved by the sight of thetr manager with the
diamond cross on the lapel of his coat that they
promptly began totreat him inthe most de-
monstrative Hobsonian fashion. Mme, Fames
flew forward aud kissed Mr. Grau on the
right cheek, Mme. Sembrich who was im-
mediately behind her kissed him on the
right and the left, too. The other women
singers had by that time surrounded the
happy manager so completely that be was en.
tirely hidden from view. | Ceenstonally one of
the singers would escape from the group after
she had bestowed her kiss on the manager and
retire to a cornerof the room. to straighten
her hat. Leforethe confusion. finally became
too great to distinguish faces Mile, Olitzka was
just wbout tor kiss Mr. Grau not.as her sister
bingers had, on the cheek, but directly on the
mouth

In the meantime waiters had begun to hand
about champagne and Mr. Grau was only re-
lieved from the onslaught of the prima donnas
when Mr. Lauterbach proposed to drink the
health of the heroof the day. Mr. Grau was
thus enabled to extricate himself just {n time, |
asthe men of the company were preparing to
follow the example of the women, After a
while the company dispersed,

It was intended that the affair should be a
surprise to Mr, Grau, but he learned of it
from one of the members of the company in
very characteristic fashion. This singer went
tothe manager’s office and told him that he
hadarranged in bis honor the presentation of
the diamond cross and the resolutions, and
that he hoped Mr. Grau would not fall to come
at the proper tima to meet the artists inthe
foyer. As @ matter of fact, he had nothing
more to do with the celebration than any of the
other artists, but he was anxious fora certain
reason to make as favorable an. impression as
joasthie on the manager. Mr. Gran was quite
nterested to hear of the impending funetion
and thanked the singer for hia kindness, while
declaring that he preferred to have no such
affair given in his honor, A few moments
after the departure of this emissary Mr. Grau
received a note from him asking for anad-
vanee of salary foronemonth. Hagot it, and
in that way what had been intended to be such
t secret was known to the manager a day

efore it took place,

 

 

Sunday Evening Concert at the Metropolitan

Rossini's “Stabat Mater,” which has been for
#0 many years a popular operatic coneert offer-
ing, was heard last night at the Metropolitan
Opera House for the second timo this year
Rossini never realized inall probability the fate
that would overtake his cantata to sacred words
But the music marked it unmistakably for the
eoncert hall and not for sacred use. Itis luck.
Uy full enough of beauty to make its present
perversion admissable and ita presence on the

programme an {ntoresting variation from the
suatowary Sunday evening offering Public
appreciation of it has been shown br the at-
tendance at both performanves of the work
stnight Mme, Nordica and Mantelliand MM
loroubert and Pringle made up the quartette
which presented the work
Sig. Mancinelli utilized the unusual chorus
for other numbers, The overture to “Dinorah”
wasan unfamiliar offering. Her Van Rooy in
pons by Schumann and @ pumber from the
eoond act of “Tannhauser” supplied al! the
odern German music heard during the even-
neg, as me Mancinelli made his; rogramme
most entirely Italian. M. Meux, whose agree-
ble barvtone is rarely heard in concert, sang
n aria from “Les Pécheurs de Perles,’ Mile,
fe Lussan sang “Connais tu le Pays?’ from
Mignon,’ while tie orchestra gave Heet-
hoven’s Femont” overture and the overture
w “La Traviata,”

Irving's Profitable Chicago Engagement.
Cutcaao, March 4,—Sir Henry [rving's three
Weeks’ engagement here was brought toa
tlose last night. When the boy office receipts

of the Columbia Theatre were footed up for the |

Bi agement they showed that a total of

75,000 had been paid for tickets of adimission,

eum greatly ip excess of any evertaken in

ya dramatic production inthis city belove in

he tome lengthottime. A record of $25,000 0

eek is much greater than a of Borphardt,
h and Ba

   
 
  

e time when
aajenka all play: ta oni
0 Opera House, ene heless

CKREMONY AT THE)

 

EAR-ACHE SPREADS TO BROOKLYN,

Most of the Trouble Seems to Result From
a Light Form of German Measles,

Brooklyn has been having a bad time with ita
ears lately. All the hospitals have been be-
sieged with applicants for relief who, with
hands pressed to the side of their heads, bave
sat in ante-rooms and moaned dismally while

waiting for the attention of the doctors. Many
have been turned away because there
was not room for them, though thelr
suffering was severe enough to wit
rant haspital treatment The = earliest

cuses and the most violent were cases of mas-
toiditis, which disease has been very preva-
lent on the lower east side of Manhattan for
several weeks and which may have spread to
Brooklyn from there. It is an inflarnmation
about the mastoid bone, Inside the ear, and if
not soon treated fs likely to result in abscesses
and deafness of greater or less duration, Hos-
pital physicians in Brooklyn say that the cases
which have come under their observation are
ofaharsh type and that the pain seems to be

almost unendurable, The testimony as to the
nature of the pain from the patients them-
selves is feelingly borne out by the experience
of aeveral physicians Who have been attacked
by the ailment and who have been utterly in-
capacitated from work by tt

A less paintul but far more prevalent form
of ear trouble, which {s now going through
Brooklyn |{ke an epidemic, isan inflammation
of the lymphatic glands behind the ear, follow-
ing alight form of German measles, So com.
mou is this trouble that there probably is not
a physictan in the borough who has not several
causes of it under treatment. A SUN reporter
who called ona physician in the uptown see-
tion of Brooklyn yesterday afternoon to ask
him about this ear disease found him just dis-
missing a Woman and her three children, all of
them with their ears bandaged 34

“This ear trouble,” said the physician, “is
astonishing mainly because of the great num-
bers of people affected. It is not of a bad type,
nor is It, in most cases, very painful, being @
pronounved tenderness of the glands behind
the ear rather than an actual ear-ache. In
sume of the cases, however, is a very decided
ache. Allthecases i have treated have fol-
lowed German measles. This hybrid form
of measles has been — epidemic for
several weeks ina very mild form, As a rule,
the eruption lasts only from twenty-four hours
to three days. Acurious thing about it is,
however, that it attacks more grown people
than children, and very often the victims are

ersons who have had measles bofore. The
disease itself is of little account, but after the
eruption has gone down and the fever, if there
be any, has subsided, the glands behind the ear
begin to swell up and to become extremely
sensitive, almost like a case of the mumps,
This swelling lasts a week or ten days, and
during that time the patient {8 about as un-
comfortable a person, without being in actual
suffering, a5 it would be possible to tind. The
only treatment that {is effectual is soothing
applications and seeping the affected spot from
eold, The worst of the epidemic is over now,
and mest of my patients are able to go Around
with their eara uncovered, Unlike mastoiditis,
this atfection of the lymphatic glands does not
involve the hearing at al!, nor is there danger
of its leaving after effects,”’

WOODRUFF SEES PLATT AND HANNA,

He's in High Spirite—State Opinion on the
Mortgage Tax Collected,

Gov. Roosevelt returned to Albany yesterday
and Senator Piatt left for Washington in the
morning There was no talk between the
Governor and the Senator yesterday over legis-
jative affairs at Albany. Senator Platt and

|

 

Lieut.-Gov, Woodruff had a long and interest. |
| haircurlsa little more tightly than our own

ing chat

Little or nothing was said as to Mr, Woo-
ruff's View-Presidential aspirations, Senator
Hanna also returned to Washington and he,
too, before going, had a chat with Mr. Wood-
ruff. In this conversation also little or nothing
of importance was said as to the talk of Mr.
Woodruff for the Republican candidate for
Vice-President.
ine,

Something has been said as to the possibility
of President McKinley favoring or disfavoring
this or that candidate for Vice-President.
Those who talked with the President yester-
day said that he most certainly would not
intertere in the matter, but that the Republican
National Convention would do the nominating
of candidates both for President and Vice-
President. It should be said that Mr. Woodruff
was in high spirits yesterday, and his friends
were greatly encouraged by the reception he
received atthe Ohio dinner the night before.
It was considered interesting by some of the
political gossips at the Waldor!-Astoriathat Mr,
Woodruff was invited to speak for “The
Empire State’ when Gov, Roosevelt. was
present, and, moreover, that Mr. Woodruff was
invited tospeak farahead of Gov. Roosevelt,
These are little matters to the outsider, but by
politicians who wateh the turn ofaliporthe
squint of an eye, they were regarded as highly
significant.

The Republican State politicians discussed
yesterday the advisability of pushing to the
front the Stranahan bill, which puts a tax of
one-half ofl percent. on all mortgages, The
bill is now before the Committee on Taxation
and Retrenehment, of which the Hon, Hobart
Krum of Schoharie is chairman. Great care
has been taken to ascertain the sentiment of
the Republicans through the State as to the
wisdom of the bill. More than four hundred
telegrams have been sent to Republican editors,
State Commiftesmen and County Committee-
meninthe State. Keplies began to come in
yesterday, lt may be said that the opinions
were diverse, On the whole the positive
opinions either for or against the bill were
about evenly divided,

It waa he opinion of some of the politicians
that the Firemen’s bill would not become a
law, There seems to be more or less unsavory
business behind the bill and there is a possi-
bilitv of unpleasant developments in unex-
pected quarters.

 

 

KICKED THE SOCIALISTS OUT,

Dan De Leon's Followera Chased from the
Cc, F. U. Meeting.

Dante! De Leon and the Socialist Trade and
Labor Alliance had a hard time of itat yes-
terday’s meeting .of the Central Federated
Union. Six Socialists were expelled from
the union after a discussion that wound
upina fight. Delegate Brown of the cigar-
makers set the ball rolling by denouncing
the course taken by the Socialist Alliance in
the strike at Davis & Co.'s cigar factory, “The
Alliange,”” he said, “has orggnized all the
scabs in the factory and Dea Leon is the chief
seab and faktr ofthat section of the Socialist
party.”

“T understand that there are three members
of his organization tn the hall,” interrupted
Delegate Warner of the International Machine
ists. “If I knew where they were I would
throw them out of the window.”

“T can point them out to you,” said Joseph
Barondess eagerly. Warner, not noticing Bar-
| ondess, went on to denounce the De Leon
Socialists, and Delegate Robinson of the Cloth.
| ing salesmen'’s Union demanded that all the
De Leonites leave the hall. “They pollute the
| air.’ hesaid, “They ean’t leave too soon,”

Six pale-faced Polish Jews got up and started
forthe door, As they filed out one of them
named Cooke made a remark to Warner that
angered him. |
“What's that?”
up, . ,
“T retire with honor,” said Cooke. raising his
hand with bis fist clfached.

Warner, interpreting the gesture asa threat,
| struck Cooke on the ehin, sending him reeling,
and although several delegates held him he
| strug@led hard to get at the cowering Socialist.
Everybody inthe hall began to yell, seats and
| benches were overturned, aud bloodthirsty
se)timents were uttered by the delegates

“Put every Alliance man out,” shouted one
man running about as if the place were awarin-
| ingwiththem. Long before this the last De
'
|

 

shouted Warner, jumping

Leonite waaa block away, When the tumult
subsided, Barondess said: “I move that a
committee of five be appointed to investigate
the record of De Leon, alias Loeb,”

Frantic ap) lause greeted this and the motion
was carried without a dissenting vote,

FLAT HOUSE BESTT BY THIRVES,

In Their Last Visit They Rob Mr. Mayers
and Empty His Larder as Well,

While Morris Mayers,

and his wife were paying a call tn the neigh-

borhood last night thieves broke Into their flat

| atl51 Weat 117th street and took away $350

elgar manufacturer,

worth of silverware, after eating up everything
inthe larder Mrs. Mayers had diamonds she
valued at $1,000 with her and so saved thege
' from the thieves
I e@ flat of Mrs. W. Fowler, on the third floor
| otthe same house, was similarly robbed @
| week 480. Mrs. Fowler Jost $175 worth of
| property, :
|
|

| Burglars Moke Successful Hauls in Albany.

| Avmaxy, Maren 4.--Burglars made two sue.
| cesstul hauls in this city to-night while the
occupants of two houses were attend
. ' 8 ending ¢ »
rervious, The home of John whinner ect ans
adison avenue, Was entered and rag ud
| Bilverware and jewelry value) Anwaoked.

aster street, was entere

Valued at $100 taken, and jewelry

THE SUN, MONDA

THE PRESIDENT AT CHURCH

BISHOP ANDREWS PREACHES ON
LOVE, DUE TO ALL RACES OF MEN,

 

One Sentence That Turned Some Eyes
‘Toward the President's Pew—On Coming
Out of Church He Is Applauded--Took
the Midnight Train to Washington,

President McKinley was up bright and oarly
yesterday at the Hotel Manhattan, He break-
fasted about 9 o'clock with Mrs. McKinley, Miss
Barbour and the family of Abnor McKinley, and
at lL o'clock, he, his brother and Mr. Cortel-
you, his private secretary, drove to the Fifth
Avenue Presbyterian Church, where Bishop
Pdward G. Andrews, resident Bishop of the
Methodist Episcopal Church, had been invited
to preach,

The President was about five minutes late
and the service had begun when he and his
brother and Mr, Cortelyou were ushered to
pew 102, about half way down the middle
aisle on the north side. The pew was formerly
oveupied by John Sloane, but has not been
leased sinco Mr, Sloane withdrew from the
church several months ago. Roundsman
Nugent and five patrolmen from the East
Fifty-first street station were posted at the en-
trances to the church, but there was no crowd
about the edifice when Mr. McKinley arrived
and no demonstration. There was much cran-
ing of necks by the members of the congrega-
tion as he walked down the aisle.

Bishop Andrews, who isa distinguished-look-
ing man, nearly six feet tall, with very white
hair and side whiskers and a very ruddy face,
took his text from I. Timothy, i, 5:

“Now the endof the commandment ie char-
ity out of a pura heart, and of & good con-
science, and of faith unfeigned.”

In part Bishop Andrews said: ‘Whatever
may be the reasons for depravity, whatever
may be the doctrine of depravity, nevertheless
man loves and this love binds him to his fam-
ily, his friends, his neighbors and makes soci-
ety possible. He loves his children, he loves
his home, he loves his country, which is patri-
otism, But what is patriotism often but a nar-
row care for one’s land and city? As it was
with the Romans, when, in the namo of patriot-
iam, they crushed out the lives of other na-
tions, so, nowadays, patriotism {s often noth-
{ng but that selfish feeling which impels aman
to battle with and ruthlessly trample down
people of other races, This feeling makes it
im possible for us to show to other peoples the
sympathy we doto our own. Wecannot look
with favor upon the man withtho almond eye,
and we aro inclined to treat with contempt the
man whose hair curls more tightly than our
own, And why should it not beso, when one
of our great Generals said that ‘the only good
Indian is a dead Indian,’ and when one of our
greatest jurists said that the black man had
no rights which the white man was bound to
respect?”

Bishop Andrews then recalled the story of
the Good Samaritan and said:

“Christ in that parable held up for us the ex-
ample ofan alien and a heretic, as opposed to
the high priest and his subordinate, in explain-
ing His idea of charity and brotherly love, We
often find it hard even to love a man whose

and we find it hard to place him within our
circle of brothers, (riends an! eountrymen,
“Men are very often good so long as their
goodness can be recognized. Mauy aman and
many a woman weep over a hero or heroine
they do not know, while they fail to see the
commonplace sorrows of the commonplace

Things, in a word, are drift- | folk about them, A great deal passes for love

| that is nothing more than a thin veneer over

selfishness, There is not and cannot be, my
friends, in true Christianity any eeliishness,

| The important question, then, to be asked and

| aaswered by every one,
chureh this morning, is: How much Christianity |

in every pew in this
have IY There may be many answers, hut the
only true one is: Lbhave as much Christianity
as [{ have self-denying, self-forgetting, self-
sacrificing love, and no more.”

There were some in the congregation who,
upon the Bishop's remark about patriotism
impe!ling men “to battle with and ruthleasly
trample dowa people of other races,” revolved
their heads and turned their eyes toward the
pew where the President sat

Some time before the service was over a

crowd began to collect in front of the church, |

and when the doors were thrown open five or
aix hundred men and women were gathered
about the Fifth avenue gates. Most of the
congregation waited {pn the vestibule for the
President to come out, and {t was only by dint

of a good deal of elbowing that he made his |
| Way tothe street,

As he was pushing his way

' through the crowd in the vestibule, two young

making frantic efforts to get

women were g
Finally both stopped, and

through the crush,
one remarked;

"“Whatin the world are all tha people atop.
ping here for?, Has some one fainted?

Just then the attention of both girls was
attracted by some one near them remarking:

“Here he comes!"

One of the young women turned, and seeing
the President, exclaimed:

“Why, it's MeKinley!””

Then, without further comment, she began
to clap her gloved hands vigorously. This was
a}! that the crowd needed, With this stylishly
gowned young woman to lead them, everybody
tell to applauding, and the l’resident, amiling

at the young woman, bowed right and left as |

he made his way to his carriage, which was
driven directiy to the hotel, where President
Beth Low of Columbia University. Isidor
Wormeer, the banker, and Carl Fisher Hansen
were waiting to pay thelr respecta, The Pres-
ident received his callers and then took
luncheon,

Shortly afterluncheon the President and Mrs,
McKinley, the Abner McKinleys and the oth-
ersin the President's party went down into
the music room of the hotel to listen to some
singing by Parl Gulick, a boy soprano, who
eame, accompanied by his father, mother and
little sister, at the request of Mra. McKinley.
The lad sang at the White House some time
agoand Mrs, McKinley waa so much pleased
with his voice that she expressed a desire on
Baturday to hear him again. Yesterday after-
noon he sang ‘ Nearer, My God, To Thee,” “I
Think When I Read That Sweet Story of Old,”
and Fauecr's “Santa Maria.”

The rest of the afternoon, until 4 o'clock, the
President devoted himselfto his callers, in-
eluded among whom were Levi P. Morton,
John Murray Mitchell, Gen Anson G,
MeCook, H. W. Dearborn, President. of the
Commercial Travellers’ Sound Money League;
Harry P. Disbeeker and Col. Hoytot Cleve-
land

With Mr. Morton were two of hia daughters,
who called upon Mra, MeKinley, Mrs. Albert
K. Shattuck, a daughter of ex-Mayor Strong,
also called,

At 4 o’clook the President went out for an
hour’sdrive with Mr. Hawk, one of the pro-
prietors of the hotel, At Mr. MeKinley's
special request he was not attended on his
drive by a detective, Returning to the hotel at
o'clock tha President lay down fora couple
of hours, He dined at 7:30 and apent. the
evening with his family, Miss Mabel MeKin-
jey sang three or four times for her uncle dur-
ing the evening.

At lO o'elock the party left the hotel for Jor-
sey City, The President's carriage was at-
tended by two mounted policsmen, while Da-
tective Funston waa onthe box. On the Jer-
sey sido Mrs. MeKinley was wheeled from the
boat tothe elevator and then assisted tothe

srivate car Oceanic by her husband, Abner
McKinley, Miss Barber, the President's niece,
Dr. Riteheand Private Secretary Cortelyou fol-
lowed them into the ear. After a few minutes
conversation Abner MeKinley said good-hy
and started for New York. The President and
Mra. MeKinley retired soon after 11 o’vloek,

| The remainder of the party. had gone forward

|
|
|

mY ! at $2, |
rrett en. The residence of Mrs, sar 040 mee
| ue 4 | Stevens,

to the sleeper Teutonic, The cars were ate
tached to the regular Washington train which
left at 12:30

KED CROSS-MAINE OONCERT,

Proceeds of the Opera House Benefit to Be
Divided.

The date of thea concert to ba given atthe
Metropo itan Opera House the last week of the
present month tor the benefit of sick American
soldiers in the Philippines, the British Red
Croas snd the hospital ship Matne equipped by
Americans for service in the British-Boer war,
will be decided to-day, It will in all probability
take place in the evening, and will not bea
matines as was atone time contemplated. The
principal artists of the opera company will ap-
pear,

If present

 

arrangements are earried out,

one-halfof the proceeds will go to the hospital |

ship Maine, one-quarter for the use of the
American hospitals in the Philippines, and
one-quarter to the British Red Cross. This
division may be subject to change, but it is the
arrangement af present agreed on,

The entertainment iste pea combinaticn of
the one which wae being arranged by Mra.

 

Whitritge and others for the benefit of the
Red Cross  excius| and one. that wus
planned! by Mrs. Cornelia Adair in the interest

of the Maine. Mrs Adair eame over from
Foglan | a fortnight ago or more to further the
projectof haying Americans support the Maine
throughout the War, instead of having the ship
turned over to the British Government

 

 

Good livers can indulge freely pow, since they can
eet Su busvn's Digestive labjets.—ade ’

 

 

 

———— ——

ARCHBISHOP HENNESSY DEAD,

 

 

He Succeeded to the Vacant see of Dubuque
on Apri) 24, 1866,

Dusugug, ta, March 4.—Archbishop Hen-
nessy died here this afternoon. The funeral
will be held on Tuesday, Archbishop Ryan of
Philadelphia offictating. The interment will be
beneath the altar of the cathedral, where lie
the remains of Bishops Loras and Smyth,
There was, perhaps, no more profound scholar
in the American hierarchy than the Arch-
bisnop of Dubuque, the Most Rev. Dr. John
Hennessey. In County Limerick, Ireland, where
ho was born Aug. 20, 1825, he received
his primary education in his own home,
and between the ages of 12 and 22 ho
studied under the specialists of that county,
who were famous schoolars. At the age of 22,
in 1847, he left Ireland and entered Carondelet
Sominary, near St. Louls, where on All
Saints’ Day, November, 1850, he was ordained
apriest by Arehbishop Kenrick, In 1857 he
was assigned tothe missions at New Madrid,
Mo., which embraced 5.000 square miles.
He became afterward pastor of St, Peter's
Church, Gravois, Mo, twelve miles
from St. Loula, where he remained until 1854.
He was then transferred to Carondelet Semi-
nary as Vice-President and Professor of
Dogmatic Theology and Ecclesiastical His-
tory. Simultaneously the present Archbishop
Yeehan of Chicago became President of
the Seminary, and when, in 1857, he attained a
greater dignity, Father Hennessy succeeded
him as President. He held this position
until 1858, when he went to Rome as
the representative of Archbishop Kenrick.
He officiated one year at the St. Louis
Cathedral, sharing the pulpit with the venora-
ble Archbishop Kenrick and with the present
Archbishops Ryan and Ieehan, On Jan, 12,

became pastor at St. Joseph,
six years, and
whore he displayed a degree of abliity

which brought him to the attention to the
hierarchy and determined his selection to the
vacant see of Dubuque. He was elected April
24, 1860, and was consecrated by Archbishop
Kenrick, Sept. 30, LSue,

The silver jubilee of his episcopacy was cel-
ebrated in 141, and was the oecasion of a
the part of the

rand demanstration on i
Ow Sept. Li,

rierarchy, Clergy and laymen,
1803, Dubuque was raised to. the dignity
of A metropolitan see, and the cathedral
witnessed the most elaborate and solemn spec-
tacle in the history of the Church in Amarica
sinee the elevation of Arehbishop Gibbons
to the cardinalate, Tha Cardinal Arch.
bishop invested Bishop Hennessy with the
palllum, which the nuna of St, Agnes had
woven for ae shoulders, and Monsignor Satolli
pontificated, assisted hy the representatives of
the hierarchy of the Church in America, Eng-
land and Australia.

Archbishop Hennessy won distinetion amone
Amertea for his scholarship,
hia administrative capacity,
the cause of Cath-
olle education. A dlographer has called
hima modern St. Barnabas, “a man of most
comely countenance and noble presence, Of
his eloquence Archbishop Ryan says: ‘‘It
sparkles like the gem, and, like the gem, it has
solidity, too,”

The Archbishop sustained a stroke of
cerebral apoplexy a year ago and went. to Ire-
land in June, expecting that the second stroke
would come ig him during his visit to his
birthplace, His health, however, improved
and he was strong until a month ago,

The second attack came threo weeks ago. It
was regurded as the beginning of the end,
Archbishop Kean of the Catholic University,
Bishop Linehan of Cheyenne and the Rev, Dr.
John Carro!! of St. Joseph's College, Dubuque,
are considered possible successors, Vicar-
General Ryan will administer the archdlocese
pending a choice

ehurehmen in
his. eloquence,
and his efforts in

 

OBITUARY,

Joseph Grafton died yesterday at his home,
307 Fifth avenue. He was born tn Boston,
Sept. 7, 1828, and war the second son of the
late Major Joseph Grafton, U.S. A., who was
Surveyor of the Port of Boston a number of

ears ogo. On Sept. 19, 1850, he married

‘izabeth, tho daughter of the late Henry
Remsen. She survives him. Mr. Grafton was
one of the original members of the Unton Club

and was at one time President of the Suasex
| Club of Long. Island. He waa also a memter
of the National Academy of Megyen. the Metro-
pores Musium of Art an the American

yengraphical Rociety.

Wilson G. Hunt Randolph died at his home.
230 Hancock street, Brooklyn, yostertay of
heart disease. He was born in New York ip
1842 and had lived in Brooklyn for twenty-four
} years. In early life be engaged in the clothing

jusinesa,and for a number of years was a
member of the firm of Peck, Randolph & Smith
In 1878 he beeame a member of the firm of
Smith, Gray & Co, in Brookiyn and atthe time
of his death he was President of the coneern,
He wasamember of the Hanover and Union
League clubs. A widow survives him,

Mark Fallon, 36 years old, a member of the
Hudson County Board of Freeholders, dled
, yesterday in the City Hospital, Jersey. City,
| where he was take: several days ago, suffering
| from a complication of diseases Mr. Fallon
; was a Democratic politician of some promi-
i nenee, He was elected a Freeholder a year ago
| last fall, He lived at “5 Maple street, Jersey
| City. He leaves a wife.

1800, he

Mo.. where he remained
|

|

|

'

 

Sidoine Jordan, 28 years old. a son of the Jate
Charles b. Jordan and nephew of Conrad Jor-
dan, Assistant United States Treasurer, and o!
Thomas B. Jordan, Comptroller of the Equita-
ble Life Assurance Soctety, died of heart dis-

| ease yesterday at his home in Howard place,
Jersey City.
| Mrs, Mary Harrison,
Henry Bb, Harrison of Connecticut, died in
New Haven yesterday. Sl@ was born in Fuair-
fleld, Conn, and was the only daughter of the
late Judge Phomas B, Oshorne
Mrs, Ernestine Godart de Blossiéres LaMon-
tagne, wife of Edward LaMontagne, head of
the importing house of Edward LuMontagne
& Sons, died yesterday at her home 24 West
Fifty-fourth street.

wife of former Gov

EMMET’S BIRTHDAY IN BROOKLYN,

Clan-na-Gael Applands Roference
Fighting Power of the Boers,

to the

The United Clan-na-Gael celebrated the one
hundred and twenty-second anniversaryof the
birth of Robert Emmet in the Park Theatre in

3rooklyn last night. There wasalarge audi.
ence which was greatly disappinted as they ex-
pected to hear an oration by the Hon. William
McAdoo, former Assistant Socretary of the
Navy. Mr. MeAdoo was indisposed and un-
able to fulfll the engagement. District Attor-
ner Jobn F Clarke presided, Former Assistant
District Attorney John Maguire read Emmet's

“speech from the dock” and then delivered an
oration. Mr. Maguire's remarks were loudly
applauded when he spoke of the great fighting

ower of the Boers ta their struggle against
inwiand. He said that the Boorse were doing
excellent work and were being supported in
the atrnggle by many an Irishman who had the

 

same spirit of patriotism in his heart as that
which gave encouragement to Emmet.

 

Safo to look into.

The imprudent man—the aver-
age man wearing a heavy weight
overcoat feela much too warm
some part of some day—most
every day.

What does he do? ‘Throws
open his coat, stands on a car
platform — cools off; then the
doctor enters on the scene.
|

The medium weight, means
ease in walking, less danger of
overheating, greater comfort. It
is a coat for now; a coat to be
| worn well into Spring.

| Here they are--many cloths,
| many colors.
|

Rogers, Peer ~ Company.

248 Broadway, cor. Warren.
66 Broadway, cot. Prince,
; 1260 Broadway. cor, 32d,

We fill orders
wy mal,

|

 

 

| that

Yr, MARCH 5, 1900.

RICHMOND DOGS RUN WILD
BIG mrenoruonta SCARE IN SOUTH.
ERN STATEN IBLAND.

 

 

Beagle Hound and Brindle Bulldog Dash
From Village to Village, Biting Men,
Boys and Horses and Killing Dogs and
Chickens—Narrow Escape of Two Babies,

The southern end of Staten Island is passing
through @ hydrophobia seare, The vi lages
afflicted are Prince’s Bay, Rosaville, Kreischer-
ville and Tottenville, The scare hasits orig no
in the fact that six persona, three horses and
about twenty dogs have been bitton by two

dogs, supposed to be suffering with rabios, |
Several of the dogs which were bitten are still |
at large; some have been tied up, others have |

been shot and a few have died of thelr wounds,

Three of the persons bitten are now under- |

Going treatment at the Pasteur Institute,

Ou Feb, 25 Adam EB ier, a farmband living on
Prince’s Bay road, saw Abram Hall's brindle
bulldog running swiftly toward him. The dog
sprang at Miler and bit him on the right hand.
Eller went to Dr. EF. M. Sparks of Pleasant
Plains and had the wound cauterized, A short
while alter the dog ran into the non-sectarian
Sunday school near Prince’s Bay. There were
about forty scholars in the room. The animal
sprang at a group of them and fastened his

teeth in the loft shoulder of Christopher Walle, |

the twelve-year-o!d son of Olo Walle, Some of
the children ran from the room, while othera
helped young Walle to beat the dogoff. Young
Walle was attended |y Dr. Sparks and later
Went tothe Pasteur Institute. c

In the following inorning the dog ran into
Augustin Deipanve's hotel in Beach street.
‘tho proprietor’s beagle hound was in the
barroom. After biting the hound in three
Pinces the dog ran upstairs, In one of the
second-story rooms was Delpanve’s daughter-
fu-law and her baby, The dog made a dash
for them, but missed, On the way downstairs
the dog bit Delpanve in the right ankle, Del-

anve also went to the Pasteur Institute.
fhe dog was chased from the house and ran
to the home o, Mra. Arnold Latour, who lives
nearby, The animal dashed into the parlor
and bit at the baby on tho floor, tearing the
child’s dress,

Next the animal ran tothe factory of the 8.
8 White Dental Company near by, dichard
Townsend, an employee, war driving from the
factory. The dog leaped at the horse and
canght it by the nose, Townsend, assisted by
Frank Litkenhouse and Robert Mercer, beat
the dog off and the animal ran into the factory,
He snapped at a moving belt and was carricd
about ten feet in the air before he loosened
his hold. Ha then attacked Carl De Lact of
Rossville, biting him in. the leit wrist. The

other employees scattered and the dog ran
from the building to the hotel of Isaac
Smith. There he killed several chickens

and bit three of Smith’s dogs. In front of the

lace the bulldog met a farge beagle hound
ownel by John Peto, who moved from the Isl-
and two weeks ago, leaving the dog without 4
home, The hound was bitten in several places,
The bulldog was finally killed by a party of
citizens armed with shotguns. The brains of
the dog have been sent to the Pasteur Instl-
tute for analysis.

On Friday morning the beagle hound last
bitten by the bulidog appeared in Tottenville
and attacked Abram Marshall of Wood avenue,
biting him in the right thigh. Theodore
Videon, § years old, was next attacked in front
of his home, the honnd biting him on both
hands, After biting «dogin Main street, the
hound ran to Rogavil'e, where he bit a dog in
the yard pt Charles Kogardua on Kreischerville
road. e then ran to the hotel of Cyrene
Simonson on the Shore road, Rossville, where
he tit a fox terrier, Philip. Hoffman was nexe
attacked. The animal tore hisclothing, but in-
flicte | no wound, Afterkilling two pups owned
by Hoffman and adog belonging to Miss Hattie
Lyons. the hound entere the yard of Au-
gust Thompson and bit two dogs which were
tied there, Louisa N. Meyers, a truck gardener,
was driving along the Shore road, when the
dog leaped upon the horse, biting tt in the
neck,
drove the dog off with stones.
house dog of Mrs
Bernard owned by M. C. Hardy, an express-
man, were attacked by the hound, which thea
turned into Foster road and ayeppes at a horse
diiven by Jacob S. Fisher, Fisher tried to get
away, but the dog leaped upon the horse
bititinthe side, The houn! followed Fisher
home and bit a setter tied in his yard. The
hound was finally shot to death by a citizen,

 

Later a

MAJOR SYMONS'S WORK PRAISED,

 

Gov. Roosevelt Writes of His Invaluable
Services on the Canal Committee,

AnBany, March 4.—Gov. Roosevelt has given
out the following letter for publication:

Srate or New Yous, }
Exec sive CHAMBER, (
ALBANY, Feb, 26, 1900. }

Hon. Rlihu Roo’, Secretary of War, Washington, D.C.

Sin: Pursuant to authority granted by your
department a year ago, Major Thomas W,
Syinons, United States Engineers, has acted as
one of the Canal Committee of five appointed by
metodrawupareport onthe future canal policy
of the State of New York. It would be impos-
sible to overestimate the importance of the
this work, or the importance of the part played
therain by Major Symons, The report of the
con mittes is a public document of the highest
value, and the members of the committee
have been unanimous in assuring me
thelr work would have been alto-
gether impossible, at least in the shape it
actually took, had it not been for the

invaluable service of Major Symons, Ruskin
somewhere points out that where work is
done forthe fee, it ts rare indeed to find it
really well done, because all really great work

saris @hic akes the whole comr |
all work which makes the whole community @ | whom Daly represents are laborers,

debtor, is done by some man to whom the
work itself isthe reward and the doing of it
the fee, Such has emphatically been the case
with this work of Major Symons, For ten

Mevers jumped from the wagon and |

het
Jacob Winants and a Bt, |

and |

 

| erty.

 

months he gave his spare time tothe service |
of the State of New York without any reward |

whatsoever, performing a task which probably
could not have been performed at all by any
other man, and which, if paid for, would have
coat the State many thousands of dollars, The
only reward he can |o given is the hearty
recognition of his disinterested and publie-
spirited labor therefore writa you to say
with all possible earnestness and sincerity, on
behalf of the people of the State of New York,
that at least we most deepiy appreciate his
services and cordially thank both Mayor Symons
himself and the War Department, through

whose courtesy Major Symons was permitted ,

to serve onthe committee, May T have your
permission to make this letter public? Very
sincerely yours, THEODORE NOOsevELT.

READY 10

WELCOME ROOT,

Secretary of War Expected to Reach Ha-
vana This Morning.
Spectal Cable Despatch to Tae Sun

Havana, March 4.-The preparations for the
coming of Secretary of War Loot, who ts ex-
pected to arrive here at daylight to-morrow,
have been completed, Gen. Wool's staff have
been ordered to report at the wharf to meet
him, and Gen. Lee and his staff will ride in
from Quemados. Secretary Root will be enter.
tained by Gen, Wood at the Palace, OMeial
dinners and receptions have been arranged and
a gay week is expected.

The Herald prints to-day a protest against
the earliness of the fever quarantine establish-
ed by Florida. It argues that to quarantine 80
early is utterly foolish, and saya it will be de-
trimental to Cuba and a nuisance to the horie
of tourists who wish to return by the Southern
An exodus ia expected the latter part
mmenres

route,
of this month, as the quarantine «
on Aprill. The sieamship companies are ar-
ranging spee'al sailings to accommodate those
desirova of avoiding aten days’ quarantine at
Tampa or Miami, Protests from Cuba will
hardly aval! with the Florida authorities, who,
naturally, are not anxious to take any chances
now the weather in that State is becomiug
warmer

 

ROYAL VISITORS TO PARIS,

 

Prince of Wales Not to Attend the Exbibi-
tion, Emperor William May,
Speeval Cable l espa ch to Tite Bow
Lovpoy, March 5.—The Chronicle's Paris
correspondent says {t Is stated that the Prinee
of Wales will not be present at the oMcial
opening of the Exhibition. It is rumored that
Emperor William may visit Paris during the
Exhibition.

Spain to Buy Quick-Firing Guns,
Special Catle Desvate’ to Tur Sun.
Maprip, March 4.—-The Cabinet has decided
to utilize 7,000,000 pegetas remaining from the

extraordinary estimates in the purchase of
quick-firing guns,

 

Nine Prisoners in a Poker Game Raid,

Detectives Bush and Lango! the Fllridge
atreet atation raided a cigar store in the base.

ment of 108 Chrystie street last night. T
found William Klein, the alleged pro retor
1,60

and eight other. men playing poker wit
on the table. The nine prisoners, the money
and two packs of cards, wero takea to the eta-
tiow for the night

‘

| to repair the damage,

Hunter
Health
Hospitality

Hunter is the well-known title of the purest type of the

purest whiskey.

Hunter Rye is universally prescribed by physicians as a
pure tonical stimulant when needed. Its use in modera-

tion for health is recommended,

The fixed and uniform standard of qua'ity of Hunter
Rye, its mellow age and rich flavor, make it the favorite

for the buffet and table use.

Hunter
Baltimore Rye teas

BariMorE RYE

¥
er

Is The American Gentleman's Whiskey.

A. B. HART & FBANK MORA, Repa., 3 5, William St, New York, N. Y.

POLE CHOPPER AT WORK AGAIN,

Col, Miller Makes Another Attack on Elec-
tric Company's Property.

Montcuarr, N. J., March 4.—Col, George A.
Miller, assisted by his son and four visiting
college students, chopped down some more
electric light poles to-day. For several
months the people of this place have
beea in arms against the way in which
the People’s Light and Power Company
of Newark has been erecting poles
along the sidewalks without having first made
attempt tosecure the consent of the proporty
owners,
two of the poles that were in front of his prop-
He was arrested on a charge of mali-
cious mischief, The Grand Jury refused to
entertain the charge. The electric light com-
pany put up four new poles.

_ With their hands protected by rubber gloves,
Col, Miller, his sun and their four guests, each
took an axe to-day and made tor the poles. The
polea soon fell to the ground, blockading the
street, The arc lights were smashed and then
the wires were cut into small bits and packed
away ina vacant lotnearby. Whenone of the
poles fell, Ralph Bowman ran into the street
and grabbed a live wire. He was knocked
down and rendered unconscious by the shock,
The wire wrapped around his body. J. Scort
Bartley, the sculptor, ran into the street and
tore the wires from Bowman’s body. The
youug man was badly burned and was suf-
fering severely from the shock last night,

The electric light company made no attempt
: The gas lamps in the
street were lighted to-night.

CHICAGO'S LABOR TROUBLES,

 

 

Machinists Ont to Obtain Recognition for
the Union—Two Men Assaulted,

Carcaco, March 4.—President James O'Con-
nell of the International Association of
Mochinists addressed the Chicago Federation
of Labor to-day on behalf of his organization
and told of the progress of the machinists’
strike in Chicago,

“The machinists of thia city are striving to
obtain recognition of their union,’ he said,
“and that is the main object of the present
strike. The machinists now have one of the
strongest organizations in Chicago, and we
have every hope that we will win this strike,
I believe that it will be settled up in a week or
alittlelonger, There are probably about 4,000
machinists in Chicago on the streets at pres-
ent, but no more, We have tied up every shop

 

Six weeks ago Col, Millercut down |

that we exrecied to and the trouble we are |

experiencing isto keep the machinists in the
shops that we donot wish to have come out.
Non-uuion men in the shops have given us
assurances that they will come out if we wish
hem to, thereby putting their employers in

_ attitude of forcing them to join the
union,

Two non-union workmen with bodies badly
bruised anit faces Jacerated are being cared for
al She County Hospital as the result of brutal
Assauita made upon them by a mob ot strikers
at Canalport avenue and Seward street, They
are L. 8. Gondly, 2263 Austin avenue, and
Auron Ayers, 134 Madison street, When they
were attacked Gondly and Ayers had no oppor-
tunity to defend themselves, They were way-
laid by a crowd of overpowering numbers and
were roughly handled.

MORE CLAIMS FROM QUEENS,

School Janitors Will Ask for 850,000 Under
the Prevatling Rate Law.

The janitors of the Queens public schools are
going to make 4 demand on the city for at least
$50,000 under the “prevailing rate of wages”
law. The cases of these men are in the hands
of Attorney Eugene V. Daly. He says he will
thie the claims with Comptroller Coler to-day,
Many of the janitors work for salaries ranging
from $100 to $3000 vear. At the rate of $2 0
day of eight hours they have claims agauist the
city averaging over $1,000 each, The janitors
The men
who hold engineer licenses have not yet made
out their claims, Theae_men, it is expected,
wi demand at least $25,000 more from the
city,

 

BELATED MARRIAGE ANNOUNCEMENT,

Tax Assessor Hugh J, Kelly and Coroner
McOwen's Daughter Wedded a Month Ago,

Announcement was made yesterday that Hugh
J. Kelly, an assessor in the Tax Department
and a nephew of the late John Kelly, leader of
fammany Hall, had been married on Feb, 4 to
Miss Mamie MeOwen, the daughter of Cor-
over MeOwen of the Bronx. Mr, Kelly anid last
night that he had not kept the matter.a secret
as had been allege !, but that Coroner MecOw
knew and approved of the match.

The conp.e are now living at 158 West 12:)
street. Mr, Kelly is 38 years old and his bri lo
isanumber of years younger
eated in the Ursuline Convent, The ceremony
was performed by the Rev, Father McKenna.

FIRE PUT OOT QUICALY,

 

 

HOTEL

Firemen Ran a Hose Eight Storica Out-
side the Building—Guests Undistarbed,

Detroit, Mich., March 4.—An alarm of fire
was sent in from the St. Claire Hotel at 4:50
o'clock this afternoon, Fire was foundin the
eighth story between the walls of the attic.
The firemen stretched a hose up the outside
of the building and drowned out the smoulder-
ing blaze beforeit spread, Guests of the hotel

had no worning and dinner was served while
the firemen were clambering up the outside.
lt is supposed thatone of the bellboys, who oc-
cupy the attic, threw a live cigarette stub in
hetween tho open walls. The business of the
hotel wisnot interrupted by the blaze. It was
filled with guests

NEW JERSLY'S TRIRTTE TO EMMET.

Clan-nn-Gael Societies Adopt Resolutions
of Sympathy With the Boers,

The Clan-nu-Gaoel Societies of Hudson eounty

celebrated the anniversary of Enmet's birth
last night atthe Bion Theatre in Jersey Cits

The theatre was crowded Congressman

Willlam D. Daly presided. Among those oceu-

ying seats on the stage were Mavor Hoos,
tobert Davia and several other prom nent
Politicians. Speeches were made by Congress

man Daly, Gen James kK. O'Beirne, the hes
John A.Sulfivan, jean PO DesGarr®nes, and
James FL Meitaer Ss were alopted

  
 

the Boers and pro-

Btrongly synipethizi
f the United Btates

testing awalinst an:
with any ‘oretu

She was edn. |

  
       
     
         
       
     
    
   
    

  

Be Cood to
Your Stomach,

TAKE

VICHY
Mae ASS

with your meals.

It alds digestion,

and its medicinal qua'ities
keep your slomach in good order,

Vichy is Imported only in bottles.

NOTE: So-Called Vichy tn
Syphous Is Not Vichy.

   

At Firat-Clasa Drnggists, Grocers,
Hotels and Cafes

General Agency, 220 Broadway, N. Y.

0909909999 009000000000

LIEGIG

Company's EXTRACT

 

 

cr te Blue |

igpature,
J.v, Liebig,

acrose Lave!)

  

SAVES DOCTORS’ BILLS

DISCOVERED A LOST ART,

 

A New Hampehire Man Says He Can Temper
Copper to the firmness of Steel,

Mancrester, N. H., March 4.—D. L. Andrews
of Nashua, formerly a resident of the Western
part of the country, believes he has discovered
the lost art of tempering copper to the Armness
of steel, Mr, Audrews is a erizzied but
hearty-looking man of 80, although he would
bo taken to be twelve or fifteen years younger,
He was born in Vermont. but most of the
active vears of his life have been spent in the
West, whera he was long employed as a coal

prospector, His home was in the copper ree

ions of Michigan, and it was there that he

ret saw the hardened copperasit bad come
down from the anclents who peopled that
country centuries before. In conversation with
a reporter, Mr. Andrews sald:

“Thave been thinking, studying and experi-
menting with this matter for more than
thirty years, Por twenty years T was onthe
wrong track. | experimented with cheme
icais, Just as hundreds of others are do-
ing now, !n a vain effort to learn the
secret of the past, but I was as constantly
baffled. Finatly, [took another tack,
and the secret was revealed tome. I can tem-
perand harden copper to the firmness of steel
toa degree of nicety that the ancients never
dreamed of, and, unless Lam greatly mistaken
my secret, When once applied in a practical
sense, will revolutionize many things in the
acientifie world,

“Tknow the value of my secret, and have
token plans to fully preserve it in the event of
my demise. My plains for the present are to
dispose of n fractional interest for the pur-

pose of securing the necessary funds to
p ace omy art in. the hands of capital.
sts, have an offer of $50,000 for a one-

third interest, and I have been told by
New. York persion with whom I have been in
touch that the rights forthis country alone are
worth at least $1,000,000. If [make the ar-
rangements which I am expecting to carry out
within a few days i ehall then go to New York
and push the matter.”

RAID ON A COCKIIGHT,

Twenty-five New Haven and Hartford Sports
Arrested-An Attempt to Rescue Them,

NeW Haven, Conn., March 4.—At 1 o'clock
this morning eight policemen made a rald ona
cock fight that was in progross in tho dining
room of a hotel at Savin Rock, a shore suburb
nearthiscity. Thodght was underthe manage.
mentof sports from this city and Hartford and
was for $1,000 a side. Three battles had
been fought, with New Haven in the lead,
when the police appeared. There was a wild

| dash for the doors an! the windows by the

two hundred men who were packed in the
room, The policemen managed to arrest
twenty-five of the purty and locked themina
room in the builling, standing guard at the
e trance, The friends of the prisoners, gete
ting courage after they had made their eseape,
held A couterence and decided to make an ate
tempt to rescue tha prisoners. Tha band of
rescuers tore a picket fence ‘oO pieces, and each
man, armel with a pooket or two, returned
Where their fricnds were locked in and bee
gon an assanit: on the eight policemen,
Joe of the porty avid to-night that at least
twenty-flve of the assailing party had to be
eluvvedinto respect for the authority of the
law before the peket-fence brigade desisted,
Evenafter that the polices had to draw their
revoivers and threaten to shoot the first one
who would make any further attempt at
rescue, Among the twenty-five who wera
fn rested were many well-known sporta ot thi

elty and Hartford The police also capture

th rty birds, Nearly every pane of glass in the
dozen windows of the dining room was broken
hy those who jumped through the windows to
make their escape,

DIED OF SCARLET FEVER,
Small Boy Waa at school Last Week—Nae
ture of His Illness Wasn't Known,

Right-vear-old James Gowlan of 307 West
Sixty-n nth street complained to his parents
on Wednesday, Thursday and Friday of feeling
ill, but he attended the public school in West
Sixty-eiglth street all three lays. Last night

* became so much worse that a messenger
Wassent cor Dr. Charles A. Kinch of 27% West
Seventieth street. Before Dr. Kinch arrived
young Gowlan died, Dr, Kine) said the boy
died of scarlet fever and reported the death te
the Coroner’s office and the Health Board,

 

—_ ——e

“APENTA
The Safest and Most Reliable
Household Aperient.

The RICHNESS of APENTA WATER in natural saline aperients

renders it the most valuable aud safest laxative aod purgutive,