\

 

 

COLER 10 PHILOSOPHERS.

THAT TUNNELS ARE
THAN BRIDGES,

QELLS THEM
BETTER

 

Also That Money Spent for Property That
Pays a Certain Income Ought Not to Be
Charged Against the Debt Limit—Judge
Watson Praises Him-Speech by Slenaby,

Comptroller Coler addressed that unique
body known as the Brooklyn Philosophical

Kovlety at its meeting in the Long Island Busi-

ness College Building in South Eighth street,

Williamsburg, yesterday on “The City of New

York.” He advocated the building of tunnels

and deprecated the building of bridges, saying

that most of the money to be spent for bridges
would go to people who had received informa-
tlon of the probable location of the bridae ap-
proaches in plenty of time to buy up all the

Jand in that vicinity and hold it for an ex-

orbitant price, Mr, Coler said atunnel could

be built from the (ity Hall tothe Narrows for |

$5,000,000, while no bridge could be con-
structed that would carry people to Staten

 

Island, Mr. Coler told the Philosoph-
{eal Soclety how the Ramapo water |
people were going to get the city to pay

them fora supply of water for the boroughs of
Manhattan and The Bronx $5,000,000 a year,
He told them why he thought the charter
ought to be changed so that money spent by
the city in acquiring property that would pay a
certain Income to the city would not be charged
againat the debt limit, Mr. Coler sald that he
thought that some of the people who profess to
be earnestly desirous of reforming tho city
seem to be limited to proving that the city is
too dangerous a plave for any conservative
person to live in, whereas it is the safest city
in the world, The Comptroller filustrated his
ideas on the feasibility of turnel construction
by the present rapid transit contract, and said
there was no reason why five orten such tun-
nels should not be built on terms as advanta-
geous to the people

Everything the Comptrol!er said was listened
to closely. When the philosophers were
through applauding President Joseph Ware
wick threw the sulject at the audienea for
discussion, Ex-Police Justice Watson at once
wenttothe platiorm, He rejoiced in every-
thing the Comptroller had said and Jashed the
bosses eloquently He called the Comptroller
a political accident.

“How long,” he cried, polnting at Mr. Coler,
“will this brave official continue to exist polit-
feally? Only 30 long as be is supported by the
encouragement of your open approval and of

your yotes, Everybody applauded How
long will you people who applaud him support
him? How great a part do you take in the
politics of thisclty’ Why, I tell you now that
the Comptrolier’a political doom has long ago
been sealed, 8 is even now in articulo
mortis.”

 

While the Comptroller covered the side of his |

face with his hand and seemed to be moved by
much emotion, Judge Watson went on to ex-
plainthat the only true democratic govern.
nent in this country wasinthe New England
tates ard on the eastern end of Long Isiand
’p rosea man out of the audience.
“IT want.to ask you” he began.
“sit down sir,” sald Mr. Warwiek.
“TL only wanted to ask’’-—-Insisted the man
“You are out oforder, sir,’ shouted Mr. War-

|

|

'

; hings Bryan, George

|

wick
“Ob, let him talk ; I don’t care,” growled Judge |

Watson.

“T wont,"snapped the presiding officer, “He's
eut of order and he's got to sit down,”

The man sat down, murmuring apologeti-
cally that he only wanted to ask a very simple
question,

Judge Watson tol! of a wicked Justice of the
Peace of the county of Kings who during the
Justiee’s term as a member of the Hoard of
Supervisors tried one man nineteen times in
one afternoon for the same offence anc col-
lected fees of the county for each trial, He
denounced the wicked J. P. roundly aud safd
that such intelligent people as composed the
audience before him ought not to be moved
to laughter by such a story, but to righteous
rage.

‘The suppressed questioner in the audience
rose half out of his chair and shouted without
waiting for permission this time:

“Well, sir, did you put him in jail, and if not
why not?’

The Judge explained rather warmly that he

never knew of these crimes until many years |

afterward, and that, when the seandal wus

made known, the people of Brooklyn prom ptly |

elected the bad man to bigh public offiee. He
told how the courts had condemned the Long
Island Water Supply Ceiapany, but beeause

some men with pulls, well known to himeeif, |

audtothe Comptroiler, had exerted their in-
fluence, the Municipal Assembly
earry out theorders of the courts, He turned
and asked the Comptroller if this statement
Was not true .

‘The Comptroller gave no sign.

“Lask vouthen,” satd the speaker, “if the
Tong Island Water Supply Company was not
condemned by the Supreme Court?”
Comptroiler nodded.

“Task you whether the city authorities have
made apy endeavor to carry out that order of
the court?’

,» dir. Coler made some answer in a low tone,
The speaker turned to the audiences and saia

‘He says the matter isin doubt. The Corpora-
tion Counsel has not yet written an opinion,
He has had tho thing two years, my friends,
and he has had no time to write an opinion for
his clients, the peopl» of the eity of New York.

“Such men as Comptroller Coler,” sald Judge
Watson in conclusion. “offer a great opportun-
ity to the people of this city to have good men
administer their affairs, If he is nominated for
Mayor I will vote for him and work for him,
a'though | am an old-time Republican, And
60 will myold friend aud colleague, the chair-
man of this meeting.”

Ihe speech was joudly applaudel. Judge
Watson was followed by Member Slensby of
the society, Who may be remembered as the
mun who went tosieep in a barber's chair not
long ago, andin his sleep was robbed of his
flowing whiskers by the Larber. The incident
was afterward discussed at a meeting of the
Philosophical Society. Yesterday Mr, Slensby
wis exercised becouse he thought the munici+
pality had no business to build railroads, Hea
was of the opinion that raiiroads were risky
things to gointo, He thought that the Rapid
Transit road would be the financial ruin of the
city of New York. He said nevertheless that
Comptroller Coler meant well and was honest,
and he respected him for his good intentions,
Mr Slensby's remarks were cheer ully received,

Clinton Furbish said that he disagreed with
Judge Watsen's diagnosis of Mr. Coler's con-
dition, He was far from being in artionlo mor-
tis, Mr, Furbish said on the contrary there
Was every reason to believe that the honorable

refused to |

{

The |

    

 

ENGEL BALL WILL BE SWELL,

Live Geese in Fancy Coops to Adorn the
Walls—Dress Suits the Rale.

The Martin Enge! Association met yesterday
afternoon in the club rooms at Grand gnd
Ludlow streets and completed arrangements
for ita annual ball, which is to be held next
Friday night in Tammany Hall, More than @
bnsiness meoting, however, the gathering wos
a reception in honor of the Hon, Martin Engel,
Ike Vou Leer, Capt. Charlie Cramer of Allen
street ind Rosey ‘he lawyer, who recently re-
turned from Hot Springs, Ark, It
their first appearance at uny publie funetion
since thelr return and the club rooms were
crowded in anticipation of it

“Gentlemen,” said Rosey the lawyer when
the meeting was in order, “we are
business to-day, It ts our intention to make

 

our ball one of the grandest events that ever |

took place in New York, Perhaps you don't
realize it, but this association has become a
factor In national politics. While at the Hot
Springs we were all sounded by jieading Popu-
Jists as to our standing on the silver question

and they all got siuck on us when we told them |

that we hung out in @ hotel in Essex street
where the floor was paved with
dollars, Those Populists out there are men
after our own hearts. They wear whiskers like
our constituents in ‘de Ate’, andone of the
fellows who is connected with the Middle-of-
the-Road movement assured me that in the
event of Bryan’s election imight get into his
Cabinet as Attorney-General. This would be
grand recognition of our work in the cause of
Democracy, and I also wish to say now that in
such acaso I would endeavor to do my duty by
these grand and glorious United States as I
have done ina legal sense by the Fssex Mar-
ket Bar Association.”

“Hooray fer Rosey,” shouted Gas Works My-

ers, Jumping on a chalrand waving his hat. The
response was ail that could have been de-

aired
“Now to business,” continued Rosey, his face
aglow withanticipation of the honors cpproach-
ing him. “We will hear the reports of the com-
mittees on the ball. The organization would
be pleased to hear from Henry J. Goldsmith,
chairman of the committee on dress.”
“Gentiomen,” said Goldsmith, “those of us
who own dress suits of course will wear them,

Those who don't will be compelled to hire
them. No gentlemen will be allowed on tha

floor without dress sults, I therefore advise
the gents present to immediately make are
raingements to hire the suits, as the timeis
short and itmay be hard work to gt some of
you fitted.”

“Gentlemen,” said Bottles Bottlestone, chair-
man of the Committee on Birds, “everything
is fixed. Last year, you all remember, our
hired canary birds were playfully removed as
souvenirs, We will have stuffed canary birds
this year, Which will be weil fastened to the
wall. It will be useless for any gent to try and
remove them. In addition we will have 200
live chickens and 100 geese in fancy wood
eoops around the wall and the approaches to it
This will give a beautiful effect, and will make
us feel at home when they cackle.”

John Leipsinger, chairman of thea Committes
on Invitations, announced that William Jen-
Fred Williams, Grover
Cleveland, David B. Hill, Tim  D. Sullivan and
Tim P, Sullivan, the Key, Billy Leonard, the
Hon. Pat Farley, Siiver Dollar Dreyfuss, Cor-
oner Bausch, Mayor Van Wyek, the Hon. John
P. Carroll, Pat Connelly, the Mayor of Poverty
Hollow, and “other. main guys from the
Democratic Club” had been invited, but
nobody need be disappointed if soma
of them didn't come, As aA special
mark of distinction to the Hon. Dry
Dollar Sullivan and the younger Tim, automo-
biles would be sent to meet them at the Grand
Central Station. Policemen would wait at the
ferries forthe others, The Committee on Btls
quette reported that any man caught eating
fool wpe aknife atthe aupper table would be
ejected,

“Now, gents,” was Rosey's final admonition
when the reports of thecommittees had heen
adopted, “remember that when you are in
Tammany Hall you are not on the Bowery, If
this affair goes off successfully lam morally
certain that MeDonald will let us get into the
tunnel,”

 

CHEERS FOR TENNYSON AND GRUBER,

Debate in Which the Boers Hrd
the Beat of It.

The Tennyson Literary Circle had its seventh
anniversary debate and entertainment inthe
auditorlum of the Edueational Alliance, 107
Fast Broadway, yesterday afternoon. The large
audience listened with pleasure to piano and
violin selections, addresses and recitations, but
the greatest interest centred inthe debate,
The question was: “Is the Boer Government
justified in its attitude toward Fngland?”
Julius Ritter opened for the affirmative with a
brief history of past treaties between Creat
Britain and the Boers, and said that, although

England had long ago given up her rights to
interfere inthe internal affuira of the Repub.
lie’s government, her attitude since the iscov-
ery of wold in the Transvaal had foreed Kriiger

After a

| to declare war

Carl Levine, for the negative, denied that
Evgland’s massing of troops was for other pur-
pose than the protection of the Boers, as the
treaty of 1881 put the two countries in the po-
sition of protector and protected, respectively,
making a declaration of war on England's part
1m possible

Jacob K, Schiff, the next speaker, said that
the English had attempted to treat the Boers
as they had the Irish, enslave first their souls
and then their bodies.

Max Leinkram said the Outlanders had the
same grievance as the American coloniats, tax-
ation withou’ representation.

After the summing up by both sides, the

udges—ex-Police Commissioner Andrew D,
~arker and the Hon. Abe Gruber announced
thelr decision in favor of the affirmative. Tho
members of the circle then assembled on the
stage and gave three cheers for Lord Tenny-
son and three more for Abe Gruber, ‘hose for
the Colonel were the heartler,

FIRE CUT SHORT THE

Sacred Concert Interrupted Yesterday
Afternoon in Little Coney Island,

Fire gave some added excitement yesterday
afternoon to that section of Manhattan which
the police have named “Little Coney Island,”
at 110th street and Broadway. For perhaps
the first time the district gave some justification
for its name, in the celerity with which it pus
the fire behind it and resumed the sacred con-
cert and beer selling, Tho Fowler sisters were

SHOW,

gentleman would live to dance on the political | doing a turn in the sacred concert programine

graves of the men who Wore opposing hin

now.

Mr. Coler answered Mr. Slensby briefly by |

saying that the greatest bankers in the world
were among the bidders forthe Rapid Transit
contract, ® was not at liberty to mention
names, but he would say that the people who

1
|

were behind August Belmont & Co, were
bankers known all over the world. Mr. |
Coler said that he had started in life
@s & comparatively rich man, and that |

he had te conseas that it was because those who
had gone before him had made good use of
franchises,
Ing drydock property, purchased and put {nto
condition by the city at a cost of $500,000, was

|
|

He said thatthe East River floet- |

already wanted by two steamship companies |

who were willing each tapay $25,000 rental a
year for it.

Astothe prospect that the Rapid |

Transit road was a new an! perilousadventurs |

forthe city. he said that he understood from
the associates of the contractor that it was the
intention of the constructing company to turn
the operation of the road over to one of the

existing street railroad aystems and that the
|

matter was already understoo |,
“Asto my political death,”
troller, “which has been so freely pradicted,
have merely thia to say: I was fairly well off
wren Leame into oflce, and [think Lean get
along when am out of office This matter
does not worry mea great deal.’

  
 

Brooklyn Labor Min Uphold Colter.

Distriet Assembly Brooklyn passed
resolutions yesterday deploring the attitude of
the Central Federate! Union of
toward Comptroller Coler, The resolutions de-
care the Comptrolier is doing his beat to pro-
tect the city from unjust demands

Want Government to Build
Warships.

220 of

All Its Own

A committee of workmen from the Brooklyn
Navy Yard ealled on the Central Federated
Union yesterday and thanked that body Tor
indorsing the demand of the Navy Yard em-

added the Comp: |

 

New York | Protective Uuion met the Chinese

|

 

(during the week they are song-and-dance ar-
tists) atabout 5°30 o'clock at Dietriech's Ca-
sino, when Stage Manager Burden smelled
amoke back of the scenes. He found that
there was aflrein the boiler house,a frame

shanty in the rear of the building, He caused
ap alarm to be sounded and at the,same time
sent forall the waiters and had em collect
the twenty-seven portable flre extinguishers
kept in the building and bring them into play
on the fire,

Manager Burden had the Fowler sisters eut |

their turn short ant the orchestra played the

Star-Spangled Banrer,” which, as it’ was late
in the alternoon, was taken to mean thatthe
show wasover, There were about one thou-

sand persons in the place and they arose and |

sauntered out in a leisurely way, The arrival
of the fire engines with their clatter, however,
started some commotion and the audience still
within made thelr way out then as rapidly as
possible, There was no pante and nobody was
ure,

' The waiters had kept the flre under control
and the department speedily put it out. Some
of the performers lost their costumes, Dietrieeh
said bis loss would be about $3,500.

 

 

DOP SANG KONG SAN’S PRICES UP,

Chinese Laundrymen Declare There's No
Money to Be Made at Old Rates,

Representatives from the Laundrymen's
ganization, Dop Sang Kong San, at 26 Mott
street yesterday, for a conference, The con-
ference was private and when the Interpreters
came out they were
every pore. The meeting,

been very peaceful and
The rate of charges agreed
week had been ratified by all
cents for shirts and 2 cents each for collars
and euffs, These prices are nbout double what

they said, had
harmonious
upon last
parties—ten

ployees to have all warships built i the Gove | many of the Chinese laundrynion now charge
ernment yards, The committee announced | Oneoft the delegates from Broo lyn Mites
that a meeting of citizens favoring the project | Objection to the news tale outhe ground thatit

would be hetd to-morrow eventing in Associn-
tion Hall, Bond and Fulton streets, Brookly:
It was also announeed that a committee eon.
sisting of President Grout of the Municipal
Couneil, Brooklyn, Postmaster Wilson of
Brooklyn and George H. Warner, delegate of
the International Association of Machinists,
wos going to Washington to advocate the
request of the Navy Yard work men

Miss Alice Nielsen in an Accident.

INDtaANapoLis, March 4.—Miss Alice Nielsen

Wisinustreet collision here last night. She
had just finished her rdéle in “A Fortune
Teller.” and, hastily changing her gown,

umped into a earriage ond told the driver to
Asten tothe station for a Chieage train. In
making aw turn the cab came into violent collin.
ou with a street car. Miss Nielsen was shaken

‘oue out of
up sod frightened. ‘The hack was measly de | foo penile

he attempted to charge Lhose rates ii the neigh
borhood where he did) business if would be
eonatrued by an outrage Ppopulaes os an im-
| position by the grasping foreigner upon frees
born American citizens, and be would have to
expend all his deereased profits ia) putting
armor-plated windows in his shop. Therefore
he wished to stick tothe old rates. Argument
was brought to bear upon him and, it ts sald,
his attention was called to half a brick anda
hatehet produced as object lessons, Whereupon
he wrung his purtall and said that he would
obey the will of the majority
A committee was appointed to see that all
members of the association lived upto the now
rates, Another Chinese laundry organization
two vears age established union rates for pub-
| Heation only and did business with true Orten-
tal nonehalance at the same prices as before
within a fortnight after pledging themeelyves,
but all the meer eo rh profit pas
asbee- 8 ¢ old rates an
ones will bo upheld,

 

   

was |

here for }

silver |

undry ore |

oozing perspiration at |

    
  
  

  

 

NEW YORK AS BAD ASEYER

SAYS VIcE 18
PREVALENT,

DR. SCHAUFFLER
APPALLINGLY

 

 

The Municipal Government Held Together
by inder, He Declares, and Tammany
Making No Attempt to Conceal Its Po-
litieal Principles—Churches Lose Groand

In his introduction to the seventy-third
annual report of the New York City Mission
and Tract Society, just published, the Rey, A,
F. Schauffler, D. D, Vice-President of the
society, attacks the present administration of
municipal affairs, He declares that New York
| is “a stench todecent people and an abomina-
'
}
|

 

tion in the sight of God,” because of its moral
degradation.

“The last year of the nineteenth century has
been entered upon,” Dr, Schauer writes,
“and as we look back over the past history of

the New York City Mission and Tract Society
we tind great cause for gratitude to Almighty
God for the way in which Ife has led us during
these last three-fourths of a century. The
changes which have taken place in New York
‘ity during that time are such as no one would
| have anticipated iu 1825 (the year of the toun-

dation of the society), From being an Amert-
can city it has become atrictiy cosmopolitan;
from being a practieally Protestant com-
munity, it is now very largely Roman Catholic
and Jewish as well as Protestant,

“Europe has poured over its thousands and
tens of thousands. who have made both the old
New York city and the ‘Greater New York’
their abidinghome. That these heterogeneous
masses of population should have become
amalgamated as they are isa kind of modern
miracle, Thanks to republican Institutions,
including especially our public school system,
the raclal antagonism instead of growing is
diminishing, and a true national feeling is

more and more dominant.

*Notal! the signs of the tines, however, are

encouraging. In ourowr etty, the strength of
the reform movement, under the mayorship of
tue Hon. William L, Strong, has very percepti-
bly waned, Tammany again regained power
\ at the last election, and with a brazen-faced-
ness that is truiyappaliing makes no attempt
to conceal its political prineiples. ‘Plunder’ is
| that which holds this city government together
| inthisday. Vhe condition of New York elty
to-day, judged from the standpoint of the
| social view, or liquor traffle, or gambler's pro-
fession, is truly appalling. An enormous

amount of testimony could very easily be

wathered, showing the condition of this city

at this time to be as bad asitever has been, If
indeed it fa not worse, -

“Tt is easy to polatoutthe conditions of the

town, but far more diMflcult to indicate reme-
dies that might be applied. e suspect the
town will baveto drink to the full the bitter
cupof itsown mixing until it becomes go Intoxi-
cated with the iniqnitous draught that it spews
it out. Then, and only then, ean reputable
elt'zens Jook fora decent government. Then,
and only then, will the metropolis of this great
western republic cease to be a stench to degent
people and an abomination in the sight of God,

“Church life,” Dr. Sehauffler continues, “in
this city during the past year has not been all
thatone could wish. While there have been
signs of quickening here and there, onthe
whole evangelical denominations — have lost
wround, With the exeeption of the Episao-
palians, all of them have lost in their numerical
church membership. The Episcopalians have
gained some five thousand communicants
during the paat year, which igabout 10 per
cent, of their full membership, This gives
thom a predominance over other denomina-
tions greater than that which they have ever
enjoyal, We have often said, and we say it
again, that not untilother denominations copy
the methods of the Eptacopal Church will they
regain thelr lost ground.”

4IMWERICANISM IN

becomin

END OF FRANCE,

Rector Pechenard Covertly Assails Advo-
cates of the Doctrine in This Country,

The Kev. P. L. Péchenard, rector of the
Catholic University of Paris, has an article in
the current number of the North American
Revier on “The End of Americanism tn
France,” that, it ia believed, will reopen the
controversy that so excited Roman Catholics
in this country a yearago. This French cleric,
by maintaining that Americanism consisted
in the holding of opinions contrary to Catholio
Joctrine, makes what is regarded aa a veiled
attack on Cardinal Gibbons, Archbishop
Irvland, Archbishop Keane and other Catho-
Nes of the so-called beral school. He quotes
Archbishop Corrigan in opposition to them,
and this, itis feared by some Catholics, may
lead toa renewal of the controversy, for {tis
thought the Amoeriean prelates and their
friends may deem it necessary to defend
themselves

The Rev. Dr. Pechenard declares “American-
ism implied a certain bending {In the matter of
dogmatic aMlrmation, a separatist tendency
with respect to the central ecclesiastical au-
thority, a claim to a larger individual inde-
pendence and a minimizing in the practises of
the Christian, and especially the religious
life.” “The motive,” he says, “which might
practically have led certain American priests
to resort toa certain minimizing or acertain
prudent silence does not exist in France, For

if some men | ersof the American clergy have
considered that they might act with this sort
of prudence, it was with a view to bringing
back more easily into the bosom of the C: urch
dissenting brethren with whom they are en-
gaged in controversy. Now in France this need
does not exist, as Catholics and Protestants
live side by side without discussing doctrine,
and there is forthe time being no apprectable
effort at proselytism on one side or on the
other

“Upon the appearance of the French trans!a-
tion of the ‘Life of Father Hecker,’ it was
speedily denounced tothe public as the em.
hodiment of the new ideas, Ardent polemical
writers unmasked its errors one by one, and
then combining them into a whole presented
them ina series of striking pictures. With
much learning they reduced to a system the
numerous errors of detail, sown here and there
by the partisans of Americanism, in their
writings or their discourses, and of which the
public was searcely In a position to detect com-
mon bond. It may be that they also intro-
dueed certain opiniona or practises more or
less foreign to the matter in dispute and thus
srepared a subterfuge for those who later re-
fibed to be responsible for all the doctrines
imputed tothem, and which it was attemptod
to comprise in their system :

The writer declares that the French clergy,
while noting the Various errors
underthe namecf Atericanism, “appears to
have seen in them ouly the expression of the
views ofa small group of Americans, bishops,
priests and simple faithful, notof the American
Church in ita entirety; and they refused to
admit the hypothesis. put forward by several,
of aseparatist plot or of a plan of campaign
knowing!y inaugurated and conducted against
the Catholic Chareh, ‘Chey awaited with re-
spect and confidence the
supreme head of (he Church.”

This decision, he says, came in the Pone's
letter of Jan. 28, 1800, to Car tinal Gibbons,
| Avecording to him. all the Preach priests who

Were supporters of Americanisin at once sub-
| mitted to the authority of the Holy See. At this
pointin hisarticle the Rev, Dr. Pechenard ine
dulges in what is considered by Catholics as an

attack upon Cardinal Gibbons .and Arche

bishops Treland and Keane. He writes:

“Groat was the general surprise when, after

the l’apal condemnation, the chief American
| supporters of these noveities were seen vying
with each other ip their reprobation of them

decision of the

and declaring with the greatest nonchalance
that they never had anything in common with
them. But then what were the meaning and
the purport of the pontifical decision? Could
it be that it had struck at phantoms and cone
demned imaginary errors maintained by no
one? That is what the people asked them-
selves,”

To prove bis claim that the errors condemned
by the Pope were really professed in this coun-
try Dr. Pechenard quotes Archbishop Corrigan
and the Bishops of the province of Milwaukee,
Hesays: “We have firstof allthe testimony
of Mgr. Corrigan, Archbishop of New York
Writing to the Holy Father on the 10th o
Mareh, 180%, in his own name andin that of
the Bishops of his province, he admires the
wiadom with which hia Holiness has suceeded
in embodying in one document the manifoid
and fallacious errors which are put forward as

‘und Catholie doctrine under the specious
titt: of Americanism. hecently, too, the
Bishopa of the province of Milwaukee, in an
iddress to the sovereign Pontiff, recognized in
i most explielt manuer that the errors con-
denned bythe Holy See have really been pro-
fosaedtin America and expressed their disap.
Proval of the subterfuges to which certain
Catuolles resort in order to evade the condem-
hition

fn Franee, Dr. Pechenard says, no one any
longer undertook the defence of Americanism,
Whetherin the French pressor in the reviews,
thd at present there is no talk of it. The errors
have been abandoned and the term ‘Amer-

isin tll repute.”

 

  

A speelal service in Gaelie was held in the
Collegiate Reformed Chureh at Fifth avenue
' and Twenty-ninth street yesterday afternoon
by the Seottiah elan that worships in a room
connected with the church, ‘The special ser-
vice Was hetd forthe purpose of hearing the
Rey. Donalt MaeDougall, who has done mis-
sionary Work in New Zealand and Is now on @
visitto this city. The hymns were sung in
Gaelicandthe Rev. Mr. all preached
language and ia

|
anism
Church Services in Gaelic,

-_—--

comprised |

HUMAN TARGET FOR AIRGUNS,

Bicycle Cop Was Taking a Bath and Some
Small Boys’ Darta Struck Home,

Felix Birch of 108 West 108d street and
Wesley Smith of 120 West 103d street, each 12
years old, went into Wesley's back yard yester-
day morning with their airguns to see what
they could shoot, At the same time Policeman
Wideshein of the bievele squad, who lives at
121 West 102d street,startedtotakea bath, His
bathroom window overlooks Wesley Smith's
yard. Like all bicyele cops Wideshein isan ath-
lete and follows all the rules that he can think
| of about rubbing down after a bath, waving his

arms, rising up on bis toes and having the
window wide open regardless of weather,
Ho didn’t omit any of these things yesterday
morning. The boya with the airg ns saw him.

He wasn't !p uniform, He wasn tin anything

to speak of, a0 of course they couldn't tell that
he was & policeman,

“Gee,” said Wesley to Felix, “ain't that great?
It's better'n vats, Aim low,”

The firat volley of darts was effective and
there was  yoll from the human target. By
reaching around behind himself as far as pos-
sible the policeman managed to extract two
pinhead darts tipped with feathers to make
them go straight.

“Ia iteramps or is the soap at tho other end
of the tub, Mr. Wideshein?” anxtously asked
the landlady, who had heard the yell and stood
outside the door to learn what the trouble
was,

“No,” growled Wideshein, “I’m moulting.”
Then thinking that the incident was closed he
resumed his light exercise to get up the regue
lation glow before going out on post; but the
turget practice was resumed at the same time,
Of the second volley, only one shot took. effect,
‘the other dart whizzed by Wideshein'’s head
and stuck in the bathroom wall, thus furnish-
ing him aciue. Forgetting all about breath
ing slowly and deeply, Wideshein threw
on his clothes and rushed around the end
of the block in 103d street. Before Felix
and Wesley had got through disputing about
whose shot it waa that had seored that second
bullseye the human target nabbed them hoth.
The captor took them to the West Fifty-
fourth street police court, where he arraigned
them on charges of malicious mischief,
felonious assault, disorderly conduct and ob-
structing an officer. The boys were flned $10
each,

As Wideshein rode his bicycle up and down
the Boulevard yesterday afternoon, chasing
automobiles, his brother cops noticed that he
reemed torest all his weight on the pedals
and hardly touched the saddle,

CROWD HEARS TALMAGE,

He Mado in Address Yesterday Forenoon
at the Marble Collegiate Church,

|

T. DeWitt Talmage returned to this city yes-
terday and preached in the morning at the
Marble Collegiate Church. Crowds, strikingly
different in external characteristics from tho
congregation of the church, Jamined the aisles
nearly half way tothe pulpit platform and the
space between the last line of seats and the
doors. Women and meno pushed their way in
as at a country circus. Guards finally pre-
vented the ingress of more people

Mr. Talmage wave an imitation of an
auctioneer selling a bankrupt’s stock of eloth-
ing, of on engineer rescuing a little girl by get.
ting out to the cowevatcher of his engine and

rabbing her, represented a business man
fieking down staira a young woman employee
who asked for her wages, and made people
jaugh audibly by reciting observations of over-
stocked shopkeepers

"T think,’ said he, “the last wars that ever
will be fought are being fought now. I belleve
that the nations will withdraw from butchery.
Ithink there are plenty of people here who
will see the last cannon spiked. The exploits
ofthe future areto be in the saving of men
and women and children, How many women
are ground up every year in the cities, The
procession of them. if they were marshalled,
would reach across the country from ocean to
ocean.”

Fight of the Classis Against Trompen.

HacKENSACK, N. J., March 4.—All was quiet
atthe Ramsey's Church to-day but the classis
of Hackensack will attempt to drive Rev. N. J.
Trompen, and his adherents from the fleld,
Classis asserts that it has won over Elder
Chriatle and about twenty members of the
chureh and with these it is proposed to organ-

ize a new conaistory. For this purpose the
Classieal Committee will visit Ramsey's to-
morrow evening. After the new organization
{3 effected a formal demand will be made upon
Mr. Trompen and his consistory to surrender
the church property and in case of refusal
legal proceedings will bataken against them
The present oMeers of the church say that
the classis cannot supersede them by another
consistory as contemplated,

Feumenical Missionary Con-
ference,

Fund for the

The Finance Comm#tes of the Ecumenical
Misstonary Conference, which is to meet here
on April 21, reporta additional subscriptions
amounting to $4.15, among them the follow-
ing: J.P. Morgan, $1,000; Morris K. Jesup,
$1,000 and W. C. Sehermerhorn, $500, Abont

20,000 yet remains to be raised. to meet the
expenses of the conference. The Treasurer is
George Foster Peabody, 27 Pine street.

 

The Rev. Dr. Brown Hl of Grip.

The Rev. Dr. John Wesley Brown, rector of
&t. Thomas's Church, Fifty-third street and
Fifth avenue, is confined to his room inthe

varsonage with a severe attack ofgrip, The
Rev, John Huske, assistant to the rector, o¢-
cupied the pulpit yesterday,

Merchants to Have a Hearing on Tariff Act.

Special Deputy Collector of Customs Couch
has notified G, W. J. Angell, Secretary of the
Customs Committee of the Merchants’ Asso-
ciation, that the Collector will give a public

hearing at his oflee next Thursday forenoon |

relative to paragraph 315 of the Tariff act
Thia isthe paragraph which war the cause of
f& contention between the Appraiser and a
number of importers and which resulted in an
appeal from the Appraiser’s decision by the
Customs Committee of the Merchants’ Associa-
tion, The appeal was before the Board of Gen-
eral Appraisers and was sustained,

Stacy D. Simpson Killed,

Stacy D, Simpson, 54 years old, of Port
Richmond, S‘aten Island, was Instantly killed
by a west-bound train on the Staten Island
Rapid Transit Railroad at 12:30 o'clock yester-
day morning. He was walking on the ratlroad
track be ween Richmond avenue and Broad-
way. The engineer, William Miller, was placed
under arrest. Simpson was well known in
Port Richmond, where he formerly held a_re-
Rponalble place in the Staten Island Dye
Works.

 

 

Pe
hetime willecome when to remain diseased

acill he a disqrace-it should be a crime,

MUNYON.

Right living and right treatment will
bring about this state of things. Prof,
Munyon means to. carry his battle
against disease and against wrong treat-
ment until HEALTH is within
reach of every one

very drug store is to be a centre at
which any manor woman or child ean get
just the remedy needed for any oneof fifty-
It is NOW such a centre.

on

seven ailments.

If you have the Rheumatism try Munyon's Rheu-
matiam Cure ifyou have aCold try his Cold Cure
if you have Dyspepsia try bis Dyspepsia Cure; ii you
have any Kidney trouble try his Kilner Cire.
Munyon hes a specific remedy for most every dis
ease, mostly 25 cts. Maunvon’«a Inhaler cures
Catarrh, Grippe, Bronchitis, &c. Price, $1 (with all
wedicines complete,

FRER MEDICAL ADVICE,

It ie your duty to consult & physician every now
andthen: a threatened (iseas may be averted, an
un-thoug!t-of weakness may be turned into streputh,
MUNYON'S LOCTORS ARF EREE. Call npon them
at any timee-snit your own convenience Skilled
apoctaliate will wave yon the dest advice simply for
tt * mere asking. Open day and evening, except

  

Bunday.
007 BRUADWAX (Cor, 20tb»

THE SUN, MONDAY, MARCH 5, 1900.

SSS fa

a sansa

the easy |

Sa < d
at & nH 8 a fe) BE i . i
. "

Do you know the story of
Unceda Biscuit? The
bakers have begun an-
other chapter. They
have so increased their
facilities that now, for
the first time, the baking
keeps pace with the sell-
ing. And the biscuit
are better, more crisp,
more appetizing than
ever.

National Biscuit Company.

 

 
   

am S
i 4
ie f sf

The great demand for
Uncega Discuit con-
stantly keeps the gro-
cers’ stocks fresh, The
famous air tight box
keeps the biscuit insuch
perfect condition that
when they reach you
they're as delightfully
crisp as when just from
the oven. All grocers
sell them; everybody
eats them.

& , ys Pe ete ti or a $s x)
mee sc ae 7 s 4%

 

OUTLOOK FOR THE NEGRO,

BISHOP GRANT HOPEFUL OF BET-
TER FEELING BETWEEN THE RACES,

 

 

Continual Agitation, He Says, Is Producing
Good and Widespread Results—Educue
tion Is Doing Much for the Poor Whites
of the South as Well as for the Negroes,

Bishop Abram Grantof the New York Diocese
of the African Methodist Episcopal Church
officiated last evening at the Bethel Church
in West I wenty-{ifth street, of which Dr. W. D,
Couk is the pastor, For the past four years
Bishop Grant has had the supervision of the

; work of his denomination in this State, as well

as in New Jersey, Pennsylvania and South
Carolina, His termas diocesan bishop of these

States will expire in May, as tlhe General Con-
ference will meet then at Columbus, Ohio, and
make a reassignment of Bishops for a new
quadrenniuin

 

During the period of Bishop Grant's adminis- |

tration, it isaMfirmed, more members have been
added tothe membership of his district, more
money has heen collected, a larger extentof
territory has been acquired and general results
obatined for the betterment of the churches of
his faith than in any other period of its his-
tory. There are (00 preachers under his juris-
diotion,

Bishop Grant, in conversation yesterday,
apoke of his travels and observations among
his peoplo in the South and other sections, He
said: “There never was 4 time in the history
of the race in whichthe outlook for the future
ofthe race was brighter. Lynchings are on
the decrease, Governors of Southern States are,
in their messages, making recommendations
favorable to the establishment
peace between the two races, and now and then
areto be heard inthe Congress of the nation
and other high places utterances that give
hope and cheer to the rece, The preachers
and teachers of the race are teaching the culti-
vation of high moral principles, the value of
virtue and refinement, the sequirement of

homes and money, and thse cultivation of the
friendship of good people everywhere, The
masses are heeding these instructions and are
putting them into practice with the result that
ina few years we shall bea new people, Al-
ready inthe South the negro owns thousands
of homes and pays taxes on millions of value
and annually there are going out from the
6choo!s and colleges of the country thousands
of young men and women, into the country
sections Who are teaching the inhabttanta of
the log huts how to bulid and make happy
homes and who are sowing seeds of virtue,
morality and reflaement

“This wreat reformation is not only going on
among the poor negroes of the South but
among the poor whites of that section, who
have been as long neglected in dustruction in
these principles asthe negro. When
ignorant white men and the ignorant negro

of them have been attending forthe past four
years. The colored people say Hunter is a)
negro and his children should be sent to the

negro school, Hunter says he is a Montauk
Indian snd his wife is a descendant from the
Montauk and Shinnecock Indians, Supt
Stevens has announeed that after the schoo! is |
opened he will take up the case of Mr, Hunter
and he will then decide whether his ebildren
are to go tothe white or colored school, Mra.
Ciseo, against whom the Courtof Appeals de-
elded, refuges to send herehiidren tothe colored
school and has made arrangements to have
them placed in an institution in New Jersey

ADVERTISED FOR GIRLS,

The Business of Blind Mr. Ray in Jersey
City Investigated,

 

!

Police Captain Enis of Brooklyn reported to |
the Jersey City police on Saturday thatthe
parents of two young gcitls living in his pre- |
cinet had reported to him their daughters had
answered an advertisement in a New York |
paper stating that young gir’s could obtain
pleasant and lucrative employment by appiy-
ing to R. Ray, 18 Exchange place, City.
The girls wrote to Ray and received a reply ing
forming them that if they were under 28 ye
old he would get them good positions travel-
ling or put them on the stage, Capt. Enis sug-
gested that it might be well to. investi-
gate Ray's business. Inspector Archibold

assigned Detectives MeNally and Galligher to
the case, They found Ray occupying reotn
2lin Steup’s Hotel, 1b Exehange place, where
he had been forthree orfour days, Heis a
Uiind man, about 8S years old When
he wanted to goanywhere he enga one of
the boys who sells papers at theentrance tothe
Pennsylvania Railroad ferry to guide him,

Jers:

irs

 

   

The detectives found his room about one
hundred letters 1 into

| prietor ofthe hot

| Ray wanted the girls who called to be

| upto his room, but the proprietor refused and

of a better |

| finished his examination,

both the |

shall have imbibed these great principles, then |

there will be no longer race wars, race diserim|+
nations or lynching bees. And both the

negroes andthe white people of this country |

will rest happy under their own vine and fig

tree and there will be none to molestthemor |

make them afraid,”

As a remedy for the prevention of lawless |
nessa the Bishop believes that continued agita- |

tion will bear fruit in a condeimnatory public
opinion that will crystallize into both State
and national laws,

“As public opinion and moral standards,” he |

added, “vary so much In diferent States, wo
cannot expect general relief by State legisia-
tion. Mot violence ia now on the decrease, The
disorganizing, disrupting and anarchical ef-
fect it has upon society gives it anational scope
and importance, Which can only be met by a
national enactment. such as Congressman
George H, White of North Carolina. has intro.
duced in tue House of Representatives. The

    

 

   

bill makes lynching treason to the United
States and places jurisdiction of it con-
sequently in the United States courts
But as have already stated, Ameri-
cans will not. much longer endure the |

odium of such barbarous practices, especially
when in England and in ber colonies euch as
Sierra Leone, Barbadoes, Bermuda and India,
where there are large mixed populations, both
lynehings and er:mes that lead to them are
rarely Known, There the majesty of the law is
upheld and this respect for orderly procedure
in the puntshment of crime is what makes
Great Britain the best ruler of alien and op-
posite peoples in the worl], So it should be
with us and it is more imperative in this era of
expansion than ever before. N
fee! that its rights will be trenched upon bya
national law, which compels a respect for law
and order, which the States themselves are
~OWerless to bring about, espe ly when it
nvolves the question of: “Life, literty and the
pursuit of happineas for the national citizen,”

 

 

COLORED PEOPLE DISSATISFIED,

Negroes of Jamaica, L. I, Don't Like the
Idea of a Separate School,

Supt. Stevens and the sehool authorities
of Queens borough will attempt to-day
to open School 47 at Jamaica, L. 1, whieh
{aa separate school for colored children. The
achoo! is being opened in accordance with a
recent decision of the Court of Appeals, which
established the rightof the Queens borough
Schoo! Board to maintain separate schools,
The colored people, however, do not take kindly
to the scheme

The school is one of the best appointed in
Queens, The teaching foree and the janitor
have been changed to please the colored popu-
lation.

It is expected that between sixty and seventy
pupils will be sentto the school, William H,.
Thornbury, the local Sehool Commissioner, has
been acting a3 peacemaker and bas attempted
to get the colored people to accept the situa.
tion, Attheepening of the sehool to-day Mr

Thornbury will present two gold medals. One
is to ay to the boy who has the best sehool roc.

    

 

 
 

 
  

ord, The other is to go to the brightest cirl
pupil, Stevens has also decided to leave
in the white sehools all the eolored pupils
above the fourth grade

The colored people, however, are not satis.
fled, One oftheir leaders is the Rev. EK. W
‘appley, Mr. Tappley said last night

"A great injustice has beer done us and wo
do not propose to stop tighting for our 4
even though the blehest eourt in the Stare
bas decided against us. Of courae, for the
pres ‘nt, Weimust submit. T must send a little
ame boy ofimine over a mile to that eolored
school when there is another sehoo) within two
bloeks of iny house | My boy evan't go to that

sehool, but the children of @ wang of Italiana
who live right near me can go to this nearby
school.

“We propose to appeal to the Legialat re for

nid, A billianow being prepared whieh wil
be senttothe Legis'ature abolmhing separate
achoolainthia State The eo Cred Peohe

Troy, Albany and Bul. o are assisting us

It was leacned that the men who have huree
of the preparation of this tj othe Key, Veter
Tompkins of 134 Weer Phirtyeseventh stree’.
the Rev Danie! Brooks, D DP, past ‘r
Mark's Church in West Piityeenird atreet. and
the Kev. WV. D. Wyon, pastor of the Waverly
Pince Baptist Chere>.

2. J. ifunter, a resident of Jamaica, has his
children registered in the white sehools, some

 

No State should |

|

inwisted that he must receive (them in the pare
lor, Theproprietor also said that a number of
Girishad eniedon Ray. The detectives. re-
turned to tolice Headquarters and Mrs. Mary
Smith, a janitress there, was sent down to see
Nay. She told him that she had called i
answerto his advertisement Ray ealled her
over to him and passed his hands over her face,
“You are’too old,” he st When he had
“You know I want
You are also too short,”
replied
and

 

 

something young,
“Tam neither too old nor too short,’

Mra, Smith. She took off her

placed his hand on her head
“You wont suit,”’ 1

hat Nay
he said
Kay was taken to Police Headquarters and
questioned by Inspector Archibold. He told
the Inspector that he meant no harm to the
girls. He said he merely wanted to get a
young and fascinating girl who would pass for
his daughter an! guide him around the streets |
when he was selling artic es trom the disposal
of which he made a living. As there wasno |
complaint against Ray, he was not held, but |
Inspector Archibold warned him that he would

nt scraps, The pros
| told the detectives that
shown

'

|

!

find it advisable to leave the city,

KENTUCKY'S POLITICAL CRISIS,
Court Decision on the Governorsbip Que a

tion Expected Legislation Programme,

Frangrorr, Ky., Mareh 4.—This week will
be important in the political contest cases,
The decision of Judge Field is expected, the
cases willbe appealed anda decision of the
Kentucky Court of Appeals is antielpated
within ten days, Meantime the two State
governments are in full operation, Republican
county offlcia's recognizing Gov, Taylor and |
Democratic oMcials recognizing Gov, Beck-
ham and hos minor State officers quartered at
Capitol Hotel. One of the sharp eonthets of tha
State governments has arisen overthe public
priuting, Both sets of officers have been ape
Diying tothe State printer forthe same banks,
reports and books to be sent to county officers
on Which to make reports to the State officers,

 

 

 

The Legis'ature will adiourn on Mareh 13,
and pending the remaining eight davs the
House members will call from committees
Various bills for passage There 1s a close

flight over the MeChord
the Railroad Commission the right to fix
freight rates, The School Book bill and other
party measures wil! be brought up early ip the
week. Beckham is expected to sign the Gor.
be] Murder Reward bill and return it to the
Senate to-morrow and a meeting of the com-
mission within a few days to offer a reward for
Goebel's assassin will follow The detectives |
have been trying to Keep the information they
have from the public for this reason the ex-
amining trial of the suspects uncer arrest, if
is suid. bus been delayed The examining
trial will take place this week, |

Railroad bill giving

CHICAGUW’S ROBBERY PPIDEMIC,

Highwaymen at Work in the Streets—Rob-
beriles on the South Side,

Cricaco, March 4.—While walking in Thirty-
seventh street at Ro'elock Jast night Thomas
Walsh was confronted by three men whotlirust
revolvers in his face and demanded his money

Dr H.B. Whitaker of 3541 Indiana avenue,
who came around the eorner of Grand boule.
vard at the time, was held up also, but the

thieves became trightened
ting bis money
from Wa sh

lb ind ran tefore get-
They secured several dollars

Miss Fanny Hartzell, 4542 Emerald avenue,
& stenographer employed by Swift A Com.
pany, was attacked by two boys near Forty

 

sixth and Wallace streets, thrown into a snow-
bank sud severely choked by the young deape-
ratoes, They threatened to kill her unless
she wave them her 4 ket k. Her eriea

  

nroused the nelgh
that the youthful
flee,

Vor the third time within

oring residents so quickly
highwaymen were foreed to

lesa thanas many

   

' hs the saloon atthe northwest corner of
Michigan avenue and Thirty-fest stroet was
broken into, The thieves used a erowbar to

   

break down the doors |
Phe South Side Property Owners and Business |
Men's Association has a record nowoft more |
than seventy-five stores and residences broken |
into by thieves within the last tour montis.
This coos not include saloon hold-ups where
men are on duty atthe time robberies are come
mitted, nor does include the downtown, |

 

or Wo

 

Englew Wn districts

 

| Sir W. D.

eral see on

; ofan!

NUT ALL TOASTED ENGLAND

WHEN LUCANIA GOP
NEWS,

 

BLITONS WILD
THE AVRICAN

Pearson Orders Champagne All
Around -Ten Women, Nearly All Amerie
cans, and Some Men Wont Join in His
Toast—Milholland Speaks Up for Cronje.

When the Cunarder Lucania sta:ted in from
her anchorage off the Hook on Saturday night
everybody aboard knew that she wasn't going
to dock and they deetled to have an enjoyable
satsupper, Most of her passengers were
British born and they were much elated over
the news they had just got of the surrender of
(ronie, The plot who brought a bundle of
New York newspapers aboard the liner off the

 

 

tiny

 

 

Sandy Hook iightship was almost mobbed by
the Britons,

One of the most enthusiastic news seekers
was Sir Weetman D. Pearson, Bart., of the firm
of Pearson & Son, London contractors, who
have the job of building a railroad in Mexteo
connecting Coatvacoaleos, on the Gulf of

 

  

Mexico, with Salina Cruz, onthe Pacifle, Sie

Weetman’s enthusiasm, when he heard of
Cronje's capture, fizzed upto quart bottles for
allhands At jeast, that was the report of some
of the passengers, Sir Weetman suggested, it
is said, that the dinner should be turned into®
jubilation over the vietory of British arms,

J. 1. Egbert of Poston was chosen as chaire
man of the meeting. Every diner found a
giuss of champagne before him or her, Mr,
Fubert said in substance hat he congratulated
England on her success in South Africa and
particularly on the defeat of Cronje, and that
he honed the time would come when the
English-speaking people would rule the world

About ten Women, neary all Americans, and
several men did pot rise to the toast of “Here's
to England,” or a sentiment to that effect,
Among the men were John &. Milho land and
J. de Goeyen, Jr. the latter a Hollander, Mile
holland is an American of Seotch- Irish de-

cont. Ae@eording to several pass ngers he got
up after the toast bad been drank and sald
he objected tothe remarks of Mr. Egbert bee
enanse they reflected on a ga'lant man, Gen,
Cronje, Who had been foreed to surrender to
an overwhelming tore Mr. Milholland added
that Cronje was as brave as anv of the Generale
opposing him and that be, Milhotland, found
himself unableto drink the toast :

There was an oppress.ve silence, lasting seve

a few hisses followed, and they
were succeeded by faint applause,

Mr. Egbert then got up and declared that
there wasn't any better American than Mr,
hubert; that he was a thoroughvred, but that
nextto America he loved ind,

Then th were cheer the Queen, the
President of the United States and Yankeee
land. The Ho lander, J. de Goeyen, Jr, sent
his eard to Sir Weetman with a note whiet
said that he, yen, regretted (hat he eoul
notjoinin thet ‘

  

 

 

 

 

   

 

    

 

eds

 

 

 

ir Killed by a Train,

Hannispens, Pa, March 4.—The remaina of
Fredericke Von Heele were found along the
Pennsylvania Railroad tracks near this eity
this morning. In trying to board a freight

Former Jack"

train he slipped and fell under the wheels,
From papers found in his elothing it was
learne! that he was a native of Germany,

where he has revatives, He was about 30 years
served the American Navy in 18g
ani Ise7, His parents were notitled by cable
to-night

rhe

Fair weather pre
the country
snow near Like Su

Weather,
yes

nlay over
for light

veiled generally
east of the Missinsipjy, except
m the

yrination at

The storm eoming in fr North Pacific has
not taken definite f f the mountains,
although it was cloudy and threatening in the Cen.

traland Northwest States tothe weat of the Missia-

 

sippi, with rain in seattered placea in the formep
beeotion and light snow in the latter, The temperae
tur was higher in all tricts, except in the
Dakotas and Minnesota it wes lower

In this city the day was fair and warmer; wind
southwest, average velocity fuarte sn miles an hours
average humidity, 74 percont, baromet r corrected
to read to se: level; AtS A.M, so.16; 32. ML, 80,36,

The temperature as recorled by the official ther-
mometer, and also by Tir Seusy's thermometer at

 

 

 

 

the street level, is shown in the annexed table
Oficial Sun's, Offer! Sun's,
BHO, Tawi, Boe 100, Tse 100,

A. M35 is Wi OP M4 Me ave
12M aie ‘ ay wb M.44 s ase

+P Mahe 35 45° 12 Mid. 45 aae
WASHINGTON FORRCAST FOR TO-DAY AND MoRROW,

For rastern New York, cold’r today, with enow in
north and rain turning to snort n se from, wath

lware al night Trraday, probaly snow, winds
ing fresh to brisk northerly

For New Jersey, rain in south; rain turning t

wand colkler in north portion, wit il wave at
niwht, Tuesday, probably winds becoming
fresh to brivk northerly

For eastern Pennsylvania, rain to-day irning to
snow, cold wave at night, Tuesday, probably snows
winds becoming fresh to brisk northerly,

For the Distiict of Columbia, Delawaro and Marge
lend, rain and Ider today; T ty, probably
snow, variable winds

For New England, a Vv to-day and ller, except
on e\tren peoa i wa tin Mas
Gachusetts 1 intertor Conn luesday,
probably #uow, winds | ming sh to Drisl
northerly.

For weatern Peunsylvania, snow ’ bh, ran og
snow andinu Lorin sont? ’ jay, with
cold wave in afternoon of fucstav, probably
snow, Winds becoming fre northerly,

New York, enow anl
Tuesday; freshit

ntinned cold
brisk north.

For weatern
fay and probabl

 

 

ee

Sa F<

stat ae