THE

COL, BADES-POWELL, LOVED BY HIS

MES, VORUIAK WITH ALI,

As Good an Actor as He Is Soldier and
Also Vrofleient in Secret Service Work
Some Incidents of the War—The
British War Office's List of Casualties,
Lonpon, Feb, 24.—There is probably no man
more popularin England toeday than Baden-
Powell, the defender of Maleking. By his
friends, whose name is legion, he la usually
ealiod “B.-P.”) The man in the street, though
he has now learned to call a kopje a koppi, and

knows that Mafeking is pronounced Maffy- |
speaks of his |
Ove generally hears the Baden |
famous |

king, sstill at fault when he
favorite hero
pronounced an thi it were the
German watering-place, and often the “w" in
Powe!] ia overiooked His sehoo! nick-name
at Charterhouse, “Bathing towe!,” gives the
vowels thelr proper sounds»

Haden-Powe!l 's so versatile thet he seems to
charm all with whom he comes in contact. Ha
was ‘amous as an actor jong before he was as
a soldier When in dadia, whispers that he
Was goingto actin the!
the Gilbert and Sullivan operas travelled with

igh

 

amazing rapidity f: station to station, and
every performs shioh het part was
attended by ail th Ruropeans r mies
around,

A few months after the seige of Kandahar he
arranged for a performance of “Patienee’ in
that barbarous city, making himself responsi-
bie forthe entire management. The dresses
were excellent, the stage and scenery very
good, and the opera was received with intenso
enthusiasm; and there was not @ single Eu-
ropean woman there; al! the dreases and
costumes were the work of Baden-Powell who
himse!f appeared in the character of Ruth,

“Asa lecturer on military subjecta,” a corre-
apondent writes inthe 7a! Mall Gazette,” Baden-
Powell is very nearly a8 popular as he is ne an
actor. The following story attests his hold
overthe men as an inatructor, He was delive

ering acourse of lectures somewhere in Ire- |
Jan’ andthe room had always been crowded |

with soldiers, noticeable among whom wasa
very emart, intelligent young sergeant. Toward
the close of the series Baden-Powell waa as-
tonished one day to find this sergeant brought
before him charged with drunkenness ‘What-
ever made you get drunk?’ he asked ‘Well,
sir, I got to your lecture late last night,’ said
the sergeant, ‘and the room waa full and I
couldn't get in, so,of course, [ had to get
drunk.’ There was no artfulness in the ex-

cuse; the man had never been known to get |

drunk in his life
“Mention of scouting touches the most pict-

uresque side of Baden-Powell’a character,

Thera is nothing he loves more than ranging |

over the world discovering the weak spots in
the armor of our enemies, If the story of
Baden- Powell as a scout ever comes to be writ-
ten in detal!, it willastonish the world. Here,
for obvious reasons, it is impossible to do more
than suggest, and nomention can be made of
nationsand places, The following story will
explain what we mean.
one of the great armies, while the accredited
representatives of the British Army were
watching everything by the side of the officer
commanding, Baden-Powel!, perfectly dis-
guised, was moving about at the back of the
army, seeing things that were not intended
for foreign eyas. It was entirely on his own
initiative that he went, but the report he sent
to the Horse Guards of those manceuvres—and
there were useful detaila about other things.
such as forta—is sald bya very high authority
to be one of the most perfect things in its way
that ever reached the War Office. He is for
ever wandering over the globe, oftentimes
quite alone, storing up in his mind knowledge

of the most advanced European nations and —

the most backward of African tribes. In 1885
he made areconnoissance, unaccompanied, of
690 miles of Natal frontier in twenty days, He
waa the Intelligence OMcer inthe Zulu opera-
tions of 1887, and was mentioned in despatches,
A year later he was acting as Secretary tothe
British C_mmission to Swaziland, He proba-
bly knows more about Ashanti than any other
European; and there is very little about Conti

nental armies that Baden-Powe!l does not
know. Wherever he goes his mind is at work,
and it is almostasdiMecult for him to look ata
man and not know all about him as it was for
Sherlock Holmes, whom, by the way, he greatly
admires.

*But while it {s as a scout that Baden-Powoll
is most picturesque and romantic, it is as a
regimental officer that his character can be
best judged. Ido not think it probable that
any soldier would contradict the statement

that Baden-Powell is the ideal regimental
officer. Some sergeants in the Thirteenth
Hussars were once asked if the men liked
Baden-Powell. After a pause one of them
said hesitatingly, ‘Like him? Well, I shouldn't
say they like him;’ then, in a burst, ‘why,
they worship him!’ And this is a fact. The
men love him. Their love Is prompted not
by any leniency or eoddling on the part of
Baden-Powe!!, but by his tireless devotion to
their service and by his faith in their intelli-
gence and good sense, ‘Tommy Atkinais not
the childish boy that the British public are ant
to think.’ says Baden-Powell in ‘Aids to Scout-
ing.’ and then he goes on to say: ‘He js, on the
contrary, a man who reads and thinks for him-
self, and he is keen on any instruction In really
Practical soldiering.’”

It seems strange to be told that Baden-
Powel! had no ear.y desire for a soldier's life.
The writer quoted above says:

“He never expressed @ liking or preference
for any particular profession, and seemed to
imagine that his oniy mission in life was to go
about acquiring knowledge of every thing on
the earth. When it was proposed that he should
joina brother in the Indian Civil Service he
accepted the idea quite cheerfully, but without
any particular enthusiasm, and it was only
when another brother suggested that if he
wanted tosea India he might just as well go
into the army that Baden-Powell thought
seriously aboutthea service.”

The following anecdotes show another of
Baden- Powell's many sides,

“He celebrated his arrivalin India by mar-
shaliing al! the Ruropean children he could
find and marching them up and down the

streets to the tune of ‘The Girl I Left Behind
Me,’ played with considerable feeling by him-
selfonanocarina! This performance ia a fair

 

example clhis overtlowing good spirits, but
there is another story which better illustrates
his love for pure foolery. He was walk-
ing with @ friend on the esplanade of

@ome Fnglish seaside place, and the day was

 

piping hot. Suddenly, without explanation of
@ny kind, Baden-lowe!l sat himseif down on
the cur), placed his billyeoek hat solemnly on
his knees, aod buried his face in a flaming
red han kerehiel, This unprecedented sight
Gtirred the depths of the one and ony pollee.
Min's hea wid he strode valiantly across ihe
road, | todo Ins duty at all eoste
Touching en-Powe!) upon the sl

with h , tron glove in the regu
Manner, the cons able demanded, in a

volee Arod, what's the matter wi’ v
Slowly removing the bandkerehief fr h

@yes, ind witha perfeetly solemn face, Baden

Towe | expiained that he hal just at that mo-
Menttumbled out of hs nurse's arma and that
the silly woman had gone on without noticing
{

All interest is now naturally centred in
Lord Roberts's operations in the Free State
With regard to the past events of the war it
eanne
maint
Lr

ined) here, This week's mail has
ight further tories from the correspond.
en's But they mostly dea! with already well-
reported events, which are now looked upon as
belonging to Volume fof the war, a volume
Ww! 1, § NOW closed. Some inci-

dents, however, are described which are still

hits?

Of live interest, Mueh, for instance, has been
Wiitten of the religious spirit tn which the
Boers do bate. That the Koer has no

Monopoly of this spirit is shown by the follow-
ing sketoh written at Euslin (Gras Pan) battie-
fleld by a correspondent of the Dotly Vous
“He waa standing at evuntide facing the
fough and rugged heights of Eosiin, The

ute

HERO OF MAFEKING.

ea Velle’ or one of |

At the mancuvres of |

be sad that a very lively inrerest ts |

——

crimason-tinted elouds that emblazoned the

sky east a ruddy radiance round his head and

face, making him appear like one of those an-

cient martyrs one is apt to 8e@ On stained-glass

windows in old world churches tn Rome or
' Venice. His feet were firmly planted close to
| the graves of the British so'diers and sailors
| who .had fallen wheu we beat the Boers, and
drove them back upon Modder River.

“In one hand he held @ little, well-worn
Bible; hia other hand was raised high above
| his close-cropped head, while his voice rang
| out on the sultry, storm-laden air, like the
'

 

clang of stee! on steel:
"Prepare ter meet yer God!’

“No one who looked at the neat, strong figure |

arrayed in the plain khaki uniform of a private
soldier, at the clean-shaven, square-jawed
face, at the feariess gray-blue eyes, could doubt
either his honesty or earnestness, Courage
was imprinted by Nature's never-erring hand
on every lineament of his Saxon features, Bo
night one of Cromwell's stern-browed war-
riors have stood on the eve of Maraton Moor.

“*Prepare ter meet yer God!’

“Totharight of him the long lines of the
tents anread upward toward the kopje; tothe
| left tha veldt, with ita wealth of gray-@reen
grass, sown by the bonnteous hand of the
Great Harvester; all around him, excepting
where the graves raised their red-brown
furrows, rows of soldiers lounged, listing
jto the old, old story of man’s weakness
| and eternal shame, and Christ's love and

everlasting pity. On the soldier preacher's
| breast. a long row of decorations gleamed,
| telling of honorable service to Queen and

country. Before a man could wear those
ribbons he must have faced death as brave men
face lton many a battlefield, He must have
| known the agonies of thirat, the dull, dead pain
of sleepless nights and midnight marches;
} the tireless watehing at the rentry'’s post, and
the onward rushofarmed men up heights al-
most unecalable, On Egypt's sun-seorched
| plains he must have faced the mad onslaughts
of the Dervish hosts, and raliied with the
men who held the lines at Abou Kien Welln,
where galiant Burnaby was slain. The hills
of Afghanistan must have re-echoed to his
tread, else why the green and crimson ribbon
| that mingled with the rest? His eyes had
| flashed along the advancing lines of charging
impi, led by Zulu chiefs, Yet never had they
| flashed with braver light than now, when,
, facing that half-mocking, half-reckless crowd.
he cried:
"Prepare ter meet yer God!’
“Rough as the thrust of a broken bayonet
| was his apeech, unskilled in rhetoric his
| tongue, his periods unrounded as fiving frag-
ments of shrapnel shell; yet all who listened
; knew that every word came from the speaker's
| soul, from the magazine of truth, Some
| London slum had been his cradle, the gutters
ofthe wreat city the only university his feet
| had ever known.
' native to his tongue, yet no amug churchman
crowned with the laurela of the achoola could
so have stirred the blood of those wild lads
| fresh from the boundless bush and lawless
mining camps beneath Australian suns.

"*Prepare ter meet yer God!’

“And even as he apoke, we, who listened,
' plainly heard the rolling thunder of our guns

The coster’s dialect was |

all those train-loads, except in one instance,
never @ sound, never a murmur.

“One man wounded so that he could neither
lie nor sit, was hanging in torture, clinging to
the straps of the berth; and he alone of all that
crowd groaned aloud in his agony, and begged
and prayed, for the love of Heaven, for mercy’s
sake, that they would take him out at Maritz-
burg, instead of forcing him to endure the
further torture of another seventy miles to
Durban. But, alas! where red tape bars the
way, What mercy can creep in? He was sent
on. and--need i say’~died before he reached
the port.

“To visit the hospitals, too, is a revelation
The gratitude and the pleasure expressed for |
the smallest kindnesses and gifts makes one
feel more than ever a desire to make the stay |
in hospital as pleasant, or, should we not rather |
say, a8 little painful as possible, The very fact
ofchatting to a cultured woman seems in itself
to give pleasure and relief, and the soldiers’
simple way of telling one all about how they
Were wounded and all that happened is vory

pathetic. One young officer of the Dublin
Fusiliers, who was in the Colenso affair, was
wounded quite early in the engagement of that
terrible Friday

““Ashot through the thigh,” as he put it
‘smashed up the bone.’ He lay for an hour
close by the river, where the hottest fleht was
raging, exposed to the full blaze of the enemy's
fre. One shot went through his boot, another
through the fleshy part of his leg, Then acom-
rade lifred him into a trench filled with dead

| and dying, and there he lay for six hours in

| the waruptoand including the week

as they spoke in sterner tones to the nation's |

foes from Modder River. It was no new figure
' that the soldier preacher placed before us, It

was the same indignant Christ that ewept the
' rabble from the Temple; the aame great Christ
| who calmly faced the seething mob in Pilate’s
| judgment hall; the same sweet Christ who
| took the babes upon His knee: the same divine
| Christ who, with hyssop and gall, and mingled

| blood and tears, passed death's dread portals |

on the dark brow of Calvary. The same grand
| figure, but quaintly dressed in words that
| savored of the London sluma, and of the
| soldiers’ camp and yet so hedged around with
earnest love and childlike faith that all {ts
Grossest trappings fell away and left us noth-
| ing but the ideal Christ.

“Onca more we heard the distant batteries
speak to those whose hands had rudely grasped
, the Empire's flag, and every rock, and hill, and

crag, and stony height took up the echo, like a

lion’s roar, until the whispering wind was

tremulous with sound, Then ail was hushed
except the preacher's voice.
| “Prepare ter meet yer God! I’ve come ter
tel! yer allabart a General whose armies hold
ther City of Ftrarnal Life. If yer are wounded,
throw yer rifles down, ‘nd 'e will send the am-
| bulanea of ‘le love, with Red Cross angels, and

His adjutant, whose name is Mercy, to dress

yer wounds. Throw down yer rifles 'nd sur-

render. No rebels can enter the City of Eternal

Life, You can’t storm ther walla, or take ther

gates at ther point of ther baynit, fur ther ram-

parts are guarded 'nd ther sentries never sleep

When ther bugles sound ther larst revilie you

will ever ‘ear, ‘nd ther Colonel, whose name

is Death, gives the order ter march, you'll have
nothink to fear abart, if yer bandoliers are full

‘o faith 'nd yer rifles are sighted with good

works, Yer uniforms may be ragged, and you

may not even have 4 corporal’s stripe to show;
but if yer can pass ther sentries fearlessly,
you'll find a General’s commission waitin’ for
yer just inside ther gate. But yer can’t foo!
with my General, Remember this: ther pass-
word is, “Repentance,” ‘nd nothink else will
do. This sentry on duty will see you comin’
and will challenge you. “Who goes there?”

“Friend!” “Advance. friend, ‘nd give ther

countersign |” If you say “Good works,” you'll

find 's baynit up against yer chest. If yer say
you forgotto getit, you'll be inther clink in

‘ellin ther twinklin’ of an eye; but if yer say,

loud ‘nd clear, “Repentance,” ’e will lower ‘Is

baynit ‘nd say, “Pass, friend, All's well!”*”

The folowing is an incident witnessed by a
correspondent during the ascent of Splon Kop
by the British troops:

“The advances into the jaws of death had ite
amusing as well as its ead incidents. During
the ascent, while bullets were flitting by. anda
man went down pow and again and had to be
earried to the rear, two full privates were very
busy, one munching an army biscuit, the other
flicking small pebbies at him, Suddeaoly what
appeared to the man with the biscuit as a
particularly sharp stone hit him on the neck,
and he turne| round indignantly and de-
manded: ‘Say, Bill, did youchuck that stone
atme? Billdenied the charge and rejoined,
‘Why, mate, you're wounded.’ And he wae
While chewing at his biscuit an intrusive bul-
let had passed through the right side of his
neck, then into the fleshy part of his shoulder,
and ended its career by lodging underneath
the skin of theupper part of his arm. An
officer dug out the bullet with his penknife,
and Bill, his comrade, pasaed him to the am-

| bulanee downhill, plalotively reiterating that
he had chucked no stone.”

Here is another story of the same battle:
“One poor man Father Matthew told me he
| had seen and spoken with, a private soldier
| ‘Where were you shot?’ osked the clergyman
| In ariech brogue, unimpaired by his Injuries
or facia! bandages, the Irishman, for such he
ewered: ‘Twas shot in the head, Ittook
{reve out, carried it into my mouth, and
i spat it out with three teeth.’ He did not
eem to mind much, and will, l learn, recover
But we gave it to them Boers, this time, and 1
sontent,’ ha remarked.”

 

 

 

A woman nurse writes from Pietermaritzhurg
“Tt Ladysmith and Kimberley, and far distant
Mafeking. were not on the other side, we could
bear Itmore bravely, If, too, all the agonies
of personal suffering were not so Insiatently
present.

“Imagine, .f you can, the suffering that can
| be condensed into five jong train-loada of
wounded’ [magine what it must be to trave!
Sixty Miles on this beautifel little twist-anout-
turn-about, veritable. ittle-corkscrew railway
of Natal, after such a flerce battle for instance
asthatofColerso’ All that is possible is done,
t ne has not the slightest
iMestion is, What isthe possi-

doubt. But the
bie
‘Meet any of those ambulance trains and see
for once what has to be coped with: sae, too,
wonderful pluck and endurance—the
patient, silent suffering—and a new world is
opened to one. Une begins to feel one knowsa
little of what our so'd/ers are made of. Seven
door fellows, wounded to the death, slept out
| their last sieep on that journey down. Yet in

the

ayo

' heft

that blazing sun, without cover, and without a
drop of water.

* But,’ said he, ‘that was not by any means
the worst partof my suffering—that was yet to
come,’

“After atimethe stretcher bearers cama his
way, and, lifting him gently into a dhoolie,
carried him off. As long as they walked life
seemed tinged with hope. But suddenly they
got within the Boer line of fire. His own
bearera were not shot, but two belonging toa
neighboring stretcher were shot daad. This
very naturally startled his own, and they set
off ata run, The poor fellow~he was quite
young, only about two or-three-and-twenty-
paled again, and shuddered at the though of
it, as he said, witha set face, ‘Then, by Jove, I
knew what torture meant!’

**However,’ he added a minute after, with a
bright smile, ‘lam going to be even withit, |
you see, for wounded as I was early on Friday
my thigh was not set until Sunday afternoon,
when I gotinto hospital here in Maritzburg.
And yet I am alive to tell the tale! Seventy
miles by rail with a shattered thigh does make
one sit up. And yet,’ he added, ‘what am I
among so many in ae far worse plight than I
was? And, then, really everyone is so very
kind!" ar

On Thursday the War Office issued a sum-
mary of the casualties since the beginning of
ending
Feb, 17. Of commissioned oMeers 156 had
been killed in action, 20 died of wounds, 171
were missing or prisoners, 13 had cied of
disease, 1 by accidental death, and 54 had been
invalided home, making a@ total of 404, Of
non-commissioned officers and men 1,273 had
been killed in action, 23 died of wounds, 2,446 |
were missing or prisoners, 563 had died of
disease, 12 of accidental death, and
1028S had been invalided home. The grand |
total of deaths, wounded nd missing
or prisoners, was 10,186. Disease and acci-
dents have been respons'ble for just over 25
per cent. of the aggregate deatis. Inasmuch
asthe authorities have not been abletogeta
complete list of prisoners from Pretoria, and
there la some doubt of the exact numberof
missing men of the Irish Fusiliers, taken at |
Nicholson's Nek, It would be safe toad’ about
350 to the figures given above for the prison.
ers, The number of men who have recovered
from thelr wounds sufficiently to return tothe
front is very noticeable, though no exact fige
ures are procurable.

ACCIDENTAL?

 

WOMAN'S DEATU

Her Companion Says They Were Sleeping
Off Liquor When the Gas Escaped,

The man who was taken to Bellevue Hospital
fromthe Manhattan House at Third avenue
and Sixty-fifth street on Saturday night, suf-
fering from gas polsoning, was able to appear
in the Yorkville police court yesterday. When
the man was found almost asphyxiated in the
hotel a woman whom he had reglatered as his
wife was dead beside him. The gas came

from the radiator from which the rubber tnub-
ing had been detached. The man was are
rested on suspicion that the escape of the @as
might not have been accidental.

The man said when he revived that the
woman's name was Mamie Powers. In court
e told the Magistrate that he was Henry
itzy@erald of 155 Eleventh street, College
Point, L. L, and worked for the Whitestone
orgin and Oonetruction Company as a
machinist. The woman was his wife and her
maiden name was Matilda Gie!l and they were
married on Nov. 5 last. They came to this city
on Saturday to go to the theatre, but after
having a few drinks changed their minds and
went to the hotel to recover from the effects of
the drinking. He dec'ared that he did not
know how the rubber tubing became de-
tached from the gas jet.

The Magistrate discharged Fitzgerald, but as
he wus leaving the court he was rearrested and
takon before Coroner Fitzpatrick, who paroled
him in the custody of Central OMice Detective
Oppenheim pending the inquest into the
woman'sdeath, He was kept in ellevue,

DEATH OF FIRE CHITCE

BYRNE,

Winner of the stephenson Medal—Funeral
at Grace Church,

Battalion Chief Joseph P. Byrne of the Tenth
Battalion, Fire Department, died at his home,
26 Charles street, on Saturday night. He had
been on sick leave for six weeks and is said to
have shown signs of overwork for several
months previous!y. He was 58 years old anda
native of Ireland. He came to this country
when years old with his mother. a widow
He was her only son, and when“ years old he
began tohelp support hee by going to work,
He was appointed to the Fire Department
twenty-eight yearsngo and was male Battalion
Chief five years ago, having been a Captain for
more than ten years. As Captain he won about
five years ago the Stephenson medal fortne
Captain of the best diseipiined company. His
wite, vho has been dead for twenty years, was
Miss Mary J. Low cf Maine. He leaves two
daughters, both married recently. Masonic
funeral services will be held on Tuesday even-
ing and the flremen’s services froin Grace
Chureh on Wednesday morning. Two bat-
ta jonas willact as eseort to the body. Chief
Byrne was a member of Grace Church

N4BBED ROBBING A

Thief Escaped a Charge of Having Knock-
out Dropa by Destroying the Evidence,

CROOK,

Albert Connoliy, acrook with several aliases
anda numberin the Rogues’ Gallery, was ar-
rested yesterday morning at Ninth avenue and
Thirty-eighth street while trying to hold up
androbanother man, The other man hape

pened (9 be a crook, too, s0 Detective Coughiin
ofthe West Tnirty-seveuth street station, who
had witnessed the hold up, arrested both

Intne West Fity-iourth street polices court
the vietim of the howd-up refused to make any

complaint and both men were golng away
when Coughlin rearrested Connolly on the |
charge o carrying concealed weapons. The

detective produced as evidence 4 revolver and
a email vial, conta cing something supposed te
be knock-out drops, that he had found inthe
prisoner's possession. While the complaint
was being drawn the bottle was left for onin-
stanton the clerk's desk, Connolly grabvoed it,
and threwit on the floor and smashed it by
jumping on it,
“That sett.ea that" sad the prisoner.

he was fined 81" for carrying the revolver

His COCKTAIL,

 

 

Then

CHLOKAL is
When Betta Awoke His Woman Companion
and His Money Were Both Gone.

Charles F. Betts of Mexico, who sald that he |
was putting up at the Hotel Imperial, wasin ,
the Jefferson Market police court yesterday
as complainant against Kheda Everson of 152
West Thirty | «treat, whom he accused
of robbing him ol Ss2in a Raines law hotel tu

bighth avenue
“T went there to havea drink with her,

sere

said

Betts, ‘and withon my knowing it she fixes it |
ao that tay drink was a@chioral cocktail, When |
I woke up My Money Was gone With the |
woman.
The prisoner waa held in $1,000 for trial.
If You Are Pressed for Time
“Want” advertisements for Tae SUN may be

y American District or Postal 'Tele-
esseouger olive, Ubarges the same as |
BUN ollie, ~ Adu,

raph

THE SUN, MONDAY,

[A FRENCH CURE FOR GRIP,

 

Di, REMEDY UAS BEEN

IN PARIS,

BORNE'S
SUCCESSFUL
President Loubet and Premier Waldeck-
Rousseau Cured by It-London's Dirty
Streeta—A New Soctety "For the Promo-
tion of Public Morality’? and Ite Methods,

Lonpoy, Feb, 21,—After having nearly recov-
ered from its usual! epidemic of influenza Lon-
don receives from Puris a “safe cure” for the
complaint, The discoverer |s Dr, Borne, Deputy
for Doubs, who cured M, Waldeck-Kousseau in
three days, and was also successful with Preai-
dent Loubet, M. Deschanel and several of his
brother Deputies, Dr. Borne’s remedy is as
follows:

As s00n a8 one feels the symptoms ol influenza
one should have the two following preserip-
tions made up, firstiy:

 

Chloroform water : . 2 ounces,
Water..... 2 ounces,
Magnesia 2 drachme.
Salol . 15 grains,
Betol 15 grains
Antifebrin ane 15 graios
Syrup of orange flowers 1 ounce

This must be well shaken anda tab eapoon-

| ful taken every fifteen or twenty minutes dur-

ing the first day.

On the following days one should take two
cachetson rising im the morning andtwoon
going to bed at night, composed as follows

Magnesia,... 2a drachms,
BOOOE, save iegeseenses oes 75 grains.
BOOBs :aneys0405000s . #5 grains
Terpine 45 grains.

For 20 cachets,

Dr. Borne, who made no difficulty about ren-
dering his efficacious ; reseriptions public, said
his principle was that all the digestive, reapl-
ratory tubes, dc., should bedisinfected, He
had experimented with all the antiseptics
eapable of combination, and had eventually
arrived at the kinds and doses given in the
prescriptions, Of course, the doses were modl-
fled according to the age, condition, &e,, of the
patient, Dr. Borne considers the replacing of
antipyrine by antifebrin to be important, as
antipyrine often affects the kidneys.

Although February i8 par escellence one of
the twelve wet months of the English season,
it has been particularly distinguished this
year by reason of its snowstorms. A heavy
fallof snow in nearly every part of Fngland
disorganized the railway system and played
havoe with the telegraph service. In London
there wasa fallof fully fourinehes. For forty-
eight hours the telephone service was practi-
eally suspended. The filthy state of the streets
moved the Lancet to protest In vigorous terms
A week later the same paper, thinking prob-
ably that it had spoken too harshly, confessed
that, although there was still much room for
improvement in the street-cleaning of London,
‘a distinct advance had been made since the
middle ages.”

A different evil in the eondition of London
streets from that complained of by the Lancet
has called into being a new body known as the
“London Councei! for the Promotion of Public
Morality.” The Bishop of London, as Presl-
dent of the newly formed society, explained
ita objects at a public meeting last week. The

| desire they had chiefly before them, he sald,

Was to cope with organized temptations to im-
morality; and in 89 duing they were perfectiy
weil aware ofthe fact that purity was a per-
sonal virtue, and that any action a society

| could take would be only iu the way of remov-

ing temptations to impurity. All they eould
hope to do was to see that men should have
less temptations to vice than incitements to
virtue. Theirobject was to seethat no difi-
culty was placed in the way of any one who
wished to keep to the path of virtue.

No one who has paida visit, however short, to
London can failed to havw noticed how in one
respect the streets of London, from north to
south and from east to west, are shameful and
shameless in @ manner not tolesated in any
other civilized capital. The Bishop of London,
however, finds in the very publicity of this
disgrace a sign of Improvement.

He said thea present condition of London
streets was largely due to the fact that secret
haunts of vice had been closed, that public
entertainments were more strictly regulated,
and many things which at the beginning of
this century existed with the cognizance of the

publle authorities had now ceased to
exist. The consequence of that was
hat they were now tolerably sure to

see the worst ofthings. That was a great step
in advanee; it was very desirable that evil
where it existed should be seen, It was only

when they saw itthat they recognized it was.

evil, and it was only because they recognized it
that they took ateps for amending it. When
they were dealing with the condition of tha
streeta they were dealing with a thing which
was the keynote of the whole of the rest
of the position. Their progress was slow.
They had to eousider not only what it was de-
sirable to do, but the best way of doing it, and
any action which went beyond the force of pub-
lle opinion was not likely to ba of much good.
The object they should have in view was to
edueate public opinion upon this subject. They
hoped to be able to form committees through-
out the whole London who should
report to tho central eommittee; and it
had ocourred to them that the formation
of the new boroughs under the London Gov
ernment act would offer them a good oppor-
tunity for action. They hoped that each of
those aew boroughs would have a loca! com-
mittee organized, in agreement with the cen-
tral committee, to deal with the evils which
they at present deplored, Thay had to trust to
the wisdom of experienea rather than the
dreams of enthusiasm. They were going to
consider actual facts and the way those facts
could best be dealt with, and the best and wis-
est thing that could be done in their minds was
that organized work should be carried on
throughout London on prineiples which would
commend themselves to right-thinking men.
They believed that the society which they were
founding wou tght a great many
things which wore now curefully hidden, and
they further be that, when they wera
brought to the light, steadily, persistentiy, re-
morselessiy, before that Ifght they would per-
ish. They had begun this thing, and they
meant to see it through

ol

i}

{bring to

For thirty years there has existed the “Brit-
ish Anti-Tobaeco and AnteNarcotic League.’
For thirty years, according to the pathetic con-
fession of its President, the }eague has preached
against the use “of the noxious weed, and yet
the cause is not only no further advanced but
has retrograded.” This the President dec
“a state of things disgraceful to the nation
The league has failed to accomplish by private

 

   

enterprise
complish nearly 800 years ago, |
atthe beginning of the seventeenth
that James 1. issuedh's famous “Cou
The lee iting ree
constitutional measures, [t committee
tonsidering the promotion ofa VParlian
i rendering the saie of tobaceo in any form
toch jdren under 16 illegal, and to punish any

to me yr it was

      

gue is now contems

18
entary

 

child found smoking. It bas been suggested
) that th: best an | direst punishment that ean
be inflicted upon such a@ child is that whieh
outraged nature bas utrived. But however

that may bethe League !4 likely to

little comfort in the House of Commons
Like the people they represent the members
of the Commons grant littio sympathy to “anti”

i; whie forthe House of Lords, did not
proclaim ther he

eties

  

a teetotal Lishop that

MARCH 5, 1900.

MR, CHOATE TO BRITISH AUTHORS,

Refers to Oar Educational and Library
Systems and Their Fifect.

Loxpox, Feb, 21,—Mr, Choate was the chief
guest at a dinner of the Authors’ Club on Mon-
day night. In the course of a speech that has
been widely reported the United States Am-
bassador said that he cume there partly asa
reader and partly as a representative of one of
the greatest reading communities that had
ever existed, He knewof no other body of
people so important to authors as that of read-
ers ‘laughter and hear, hear, and it was the
fact that they on the other side of the Atiantic
Were entitled to rank very high in this relation
of readers to authors, In the first place, the
people of the United States constituted the
vast majority of the English-speaking peoples
ofthe globe, and they all know very well, they
asserted jtevery Jay, that the majority must
rule ‘laughter at least they must be as-
signed a paramountey§ [renewed
as between authors and readers, and as every-
thing else that related to the English tongue.
And it waa not merely by weight of rulers that
they asserted their authority. It waa be-
cause the art and the habit of reading had
been encourgeged and stimulated on the Ameri-
can side ofthe water to a degree that added
tenfold tothe mere welaht of writers. Huta

| body of 77,000,009 of people as customers was

entitied to very generous consideration
Laughter and cheers Let them consider
why the Americans had been such deyourers
of authors as they confessedly were

Well, an explanation was their general edu-
cation of allthe people, which brought them
into life fully qualified to enjoy all the good
things that authors put before them~the gen-
eral education at the expense of the State that
formed the groundwork of all American free
institutions, (Hear. hear. But not only was
free education up to the nage when the boy and

girl could take care of themse.ves, but there |

was a system established among them which
might be regarded as an explanation of the
publie education, of tha school education, that
went upon the theory that education was not
to end with boyhood or childhood, but
was to be continued all through life. He
re™rred to the establisiment and develop-
ment of the library aystem, for which, he
thought, the United Statea might claim some
credit, Hear, hear.) There were 351 towns
in the State of Massachusetts. In those, with the

' exception of seven, the public had the use of

SSS

ares |
| Extyradited tor Trying to Kill Hoke Smith's

what the word of a monarch fa led

find but |

would rather see England free than England

sober?

Baron de Geversa Goes to Washington.
Baron de (revers. the new Ministerof Holland
tothe United States and Me Newark
for Washington yesterday morning to present

hiscredentiais to the President. For several
days he waa the guest of hisuncle,Col, Edward
A. Wright of Newark.

Edward Bell Goes to Florida.

Edward Bell, formerly Park Commissioner,

accompanied by hia wite, started for Florida
Saturday.

  

a

publie (ibraries provided atthe public expense,
In those libraries there wera three and three-
quarters millions of volumes—abouta volume
and a half foreach inhabitant of the Srate
and the eirculation In twelve months amounted
to seven and two-thirds millions, or three
voiumes for each inhabitant, men, women and
children, and babies in arms, Cou'd they point
toany othercountry under the suo in which
that state of things could be said to exist?
Cheers.

And was there not a reflex action of the

readera upon authors as well as of the authors |

upon the readers? (Hear, hear.) Might it not
be owing to some euch relation as that that in
these last sixty years there had been authors
of such eminence in America’? Massachusetts,
to which he had been referring in connection
with this free libraries mouvement, had, how-
ever, only led the way, for the last report of the
National Bureau of Education to which he had
had access showed that there were 4,000 [ree

libraries in America containing more than
thirty-three millions of volumes, (Cheers
He alluded to the “teachableness’ of the

people who spokethe English tongue, as was
shown by the work of Capt. Mahan in America
and Mr. Bryce in England. Capt. Mahan told
Great Britain of her wonderful sea power and
discovered some of iia elements of weakness.
Mr. Bryce wentto America and studied their
institutions and produced a Work descriptive
ofthem which was without an equal in our
whole history on the other side of the water.
He gave them praise where they were entitled
to praiso and blained them where they were
subject to blame, and they were very ready to
follow his suggestions aud to go to work to
supply a remedy.

It was this “teachableness” of all people who
spoke the English tongue that constituted
their great power in the present and their
great prospect for the future. This English
tongue had done an immense thing for them
on both sides of the water. It had welded them
into one homogeneous and united people
speaking with one voice, and acting with one
will, to work out their destiny, and it had done
the same thing for the widely-spreading wem-
bers of the British Empire--as they had had an
example in this very year— cheers —~making
them one people, united for the common liber-
tles ofal!. Renewed cheers And what had it not
done—this same English Janguage—for al! who
spoke it? It had given them their highest
aims and their highest ideals, It had taught
them to love liberty, and to be devoted to law.
‘Cheers.) He congratulated the authors of
that society, and all authors of England and
America upon the splendid opportunities open
before them through the ever-widening circle
of the audience to which they addressed them-
selves. He supposed of al! the great authors
of one hundred or two hundred years ago,
there were more of their books published and
read in two or three yegra at the close of the
nineteenth century than during the whole of
their lifetimes, He mentioned “Don Quixote,”
“The Pilgrim's Progress.”” the “Compleat
Angier,” and “Robinson Crusoe” as being the
most famous books handed down to tho pres-
ent generation

Time had sifted all literature, buthow the
united judgment of mank!nd had centred up-
on those four books out ofall the really won-
derful books which had been given to the
world, and howit had selected those master-
pieces and given them such glory, and other
valuable works had sunk into insignificance
and almost into oblivion, it was really very
hard to say. How little pecuniary benefit the
authors got from those works the members of

that club well knew, but they won that
great harvest of immortality which was
given to each. All that was known was
that in each case the = work was

the ripe fruit ofa matured judgment, tor none |

of those books Was written by voung men. He
supposed every writer, when he gave his work
tothe public, hoped at least that it would sur-
vive him and give him fame in the memory of
men, even though it failed to give him bread
All they could say of those four great writers
who produced those four great books was that
each put into his magnificent piece of work the
very best efforts of his most perfeet genius
That was the key to the inthorship
Every author had it within the possibility that
he might win a share inthis immortality if he
followed the course In which they led the way.$

success of

 

 

 

 

Brother Ten Yeara Ago,

Atranta, Ga, Maren 4.—For attempting to
killa brother of Hoke Smith ten yeara ago, H
J, Roberts, an inventor, who has been living in
Tyler, Tex., was broughtto Atlanta last olght
to stan? tria Burton Smithis a lawyer and
represented an enemy of Roberta who co
eluded that it was wwartoshoot atth att
ney than at the oll He es ‘ape d, tut lately
got into some trouble in his Tevas home when
he hoaata tof his Atiantaexperience, This led

to his arrest and extradition

40,000 Telephones
in Manhattan.

The Largest Telephone System
in the World, and Growing

at the Rate of Over

1,000 Stations a Month.

Efficient Service.

 

     
       
   
   
    

Fair and Reasonabie Rates
varying with the Service Rendered.

Service in Manhattan
from $5 a Month.

Oee-year Contracts. Month!y Payments.

NEW YORK TELEPHONE COMPANY
WM West 35th St. 952 Broedwey 15 Dey Street

    
       
     

laughter, |

   
 

HALE CoO.,

Desks at Export Prices,
15 Stone Street,
next Produce Exchange.

  

OSCAR 0, SHACKLETON DEAD,

A Victim of His Temporary Imprisonment
\ in a Burning Building.

Osear ©. Shackleton of Hackensack died
in St. Michael's Hospital, Newark, yeoster-
day afternoon at 4 o'clock, He was superin
tendent of W. V. Snyder & Co's department
store, which was burne!on Tuesday evening
and was iinerisoned in the third story of the
building by smoke and flames until a ladder
was raised bythe flremeu. Then he started
down with his clothes burning. He collapsed
in the arms of the Mremen who were climbing
to meet him. His burna were scarcely serious

 

enough to cause death, but he suffered greatly
from shock aud his age, 64 yeare, was 4@ factor
against his recovery, He passed a bad day on

that he was dying. His wife who was with him
constantly during the week, had gone home,
and when she was summoned 6he could not
| reach Newark before he died

Mr. Shackleton had been emploved by the
frm for many years and was practically in fuil
charge of the details of the business.

ROOSEVELT RESIGNED.

RnR B.

Unwilling to Accept Election to Presidency
of the Sons of American Revolution,

elected President of the Empire State Society,
Sonsofthe American Revolution, after an all-
night session of the society, which was marked
by unusual bitterness, sent in his resignation

       

If you want as handsome a desk as you
can get, buy a “ Hale,”

If you wish a desk that will last long
and prove economical, why—

Saturday, and at noon yesterday it was geen |

Robert B, Koosevelt, who was recently re- |

to the Board of Managers last Friday. Theres- |

ignation has not been acted on yet, and it was
suid yesterday that if the board reported !t at
all, it would recommend most earnestly that it
be not accepted.
stron
to withdraw the resignation

In his letter to the board
makes it very clearthat the bitterness engen-
dered by the recent election, which resulted in
a victory for the regular ticket which he
headed, is extremely distasteful to him, and
that he hasno desire to be at the head of an
organization some of the members of which
are opposed to him

PORT OPEN 10 SHIPS FROM SANTOS,

No More Plague There—Health Officer
Rescinds Plague Regulations,

Health OMcer Doty has received information |

from his representative at the poft of Santos,
Brazil, that plague has ceased to exist at that
port. He has, accordingly, decided to rescind
the present stringent regulations on vessels

arriving at the port of New York from Santos.

On and after to-day all vessels from Santos

! and other Brazilian porte will be permitted to
proceed to their wharves after the usual in-
apection and disinfection. All consignees of
vessels arriving from Santos have been 80
spformed by the Health Officer and the new
rder has given much satisfaction to owners,
onsignees and the masters of these vessels.

| The Health Board, which controls the situa-
tion after the vessels have passed quarantine,
will probably amend its regulations as soon as
it wets the news,

 

SHOUTING AWVTER THE BALL,

Bouncer Did It, and an Elite Baseballer
Received a Bullet in the Leg.

The Elite Baseball Club, composed of young
Italian-Americans, had a bali on Saturday
night In New Irving Hall in Broome atreet,
at which the bouncers worked hard, There
was a fight in the street when the dance was
over, Three shots from arevolver were fired,
and John Seroceo of 179 Park row fell with a
bullet in his leg. Henry Rubin of 1950 Am-
sterdam avenue, who had been one of the
bouncers, was arrested for doing the shooting,

} and Soroeco was taken to the Gouveneur Hos-

| pital. Rubin said he fired to attract the police,
Magistrate Poo! held bim to await the result of
Sorocco’s injuries.

 

Shooting Ended in Murder.

Antonio San Maritano of 8 Hicks street,
Brooklyn, who was shot on thestairs of the
cigar factory at 113 Maiden Lane died in Hud-
gon street hospitalon Saturday, and yester-

day Rosalio Cammarata, who shot him, was
sent to the Tombs by the Coroner. Cammarata
was in Jove with Josephine Basola, the fifteen-
year-gid niece of Madritano’s wife, and the
shooting Occurred in a quarrel uver the match,

MARINE INTELLIGENCE,

MINIATURE ALMANAC+THIS DAY,

6:40 | Sun sets. 1), Moon rises.11;24
HIGH WATER--THIS DAY

ndy Hook.10:27 | Gow I'd. 10:59 | Hell Gate

 

 

Sun rises,

 

12:52

Arrived—Suypay, March 4

| Sa

Ss La Champagne, Fajolle, Havre, Feb, 24

8. Puiladelpbian, McCallum, Liverpool. Feb, 10,
ss Pretoria. Karlowa. Hamburg, Feb. 20.
Se Boston City, Barclay, Bristol, Feb. 12
8s Hyades, Graves, Cape Town, Jan, 20

4 Grecian Prince, Curtis, Rio Janeiro, Feb. 7.
bs Chateau Yquem, Coste, Marseilles, Feb. 6,
Ss Armeuia, Osterinann, Balt:more, March 2,
fe Hamilton, boas, Norfolk, March 4,

Se Lanra, Gule, Philadelphia, March 2.

Se FE! Dorado, Baker, New Orleans, Feb. 28
8s Alsenborn, Gillingham, Baltinore, March 2,
Ship Kentmere, Selden, Calcutta, Nov, 32
Bark Hamburg. Caldwell, Manila Noy, du.
Bark Plus, Schrader, Dublin, dan. 20,
Bark Alice, Swain, Auckland, Noy. 28.

  

ARRIVED OUT,
8s British King, from New York, at Antwerp,

BAILED FROM PORFIGN PORTS,
Ss Ftruria, from Queens.own for New York.

OUTGOING BTEAMSHIPS,
Sail To-day.

Mails Close, Vessel Sails

  
 

 

 

 

 

Before any action ig taken a |
effort will be made toget Mr. Rooseveit |

Mr. Roosevelt |

 

| Fallon of Orange.

 

    
 
    
      

buy a “Hale.”

161

Every Day We Receive

letters from people who

lal

|

 

    

have compared and
found out the differ
ence between straight
HAND-MADE SOUR
. MASH Whiskey,

 
 
  
   

  

CES.
Cy

REGISTERED

    
 

and the FUNNY
Whiskies, We are sate
istied with the way wé
are gaining adherents,

HB. KIRK & G0, °°New°vorK"

MRS, MINIHAN’S SUDDEN DEATH,

 

Five iten in Whose Company She Had Beea
Are Under Arrest.

Oranor, N. J., March 4.—-Five men were
arrested to-day charged with assault on Mra,
Annie Minihan. The men were Richard Ansley
of East Orange, Nicholas Burns of Bloomfield,
Joseph Corby, Fred Wittenburg and Patrick
Corby met the woman about
o'clock last night and took her to Glenwood
Park, Fast Orange, where he met the other four

men. They had drinks together in five saloons
during the evening, and when the last car for
Orange came along the woman was unconscious
and had to be laid on the seat. She died soon
after the car reached Orange, but none of her
assailants knew of her death until after they
were arrested to-day. The men were held for
the Grand Jury.

OBJECT TO EATING DOG MEAT,

 

Otoe Indians Notify the Towas That They
Will Attend No More of the Latter’s Feasts.

Perry, Oklahoma, March 4.~The Otoe and
Towa tribes of Indians have broken off all re-
lations. The break is duc to the eating of dog
meat by the Iowa tribe. During their quar-
terly feasta the Iowa Indians slaughter
hundreds of fat dogs, feed the meat to their
guests and ent it themselves ;

The Otoes became disgusted with eating
dog meut and notified the [owas that they
would not appear at their feasts again if dog
meat Wasservettothem. The lowas replie
that their fathers had feasted on dog meat and
that they were true to the tradition of their
fathers

Business Notices,

but one Augostara Bitters—
imported from South America. Be
just os good” dangerous substitates,

There is
Dr. Siegert's
ware of the

 

oDIBnD.

FREEMAN,-—Entered into rest Merch 3, 1000,
Cuyler, aon of the late Samuel T. Freeman.
Funeral from his late residence, 190 Garfield
Place, Brooklyn, Tuesday, March 4, 1900,

GARDNER,-—Suddenly, on Mareh %, 1900, at her
home, the Rectory of the Chuch of the Holy
Comforter, 341 West Houston at., city, Mrs. EB A,
Gardner, beloved mother of the Rev. Walter 4. A.
Gardner

Funeral services Monday, March 5, 1900, at 6 P. ML
Interment at the convenience of the family.
Boston papers please copy.

GRAFTON.—On the 4th inst. at his residence,

807 Sth av., Joseph Grafton, in his 81st year.

KROWL—Jane Williams, widow of James
Reeves Madison Krowl, at the residence of her
son-in-law, F. M. Stone, 321 Hudson Boalevard
near Fulton st, Union Hill, N.J., on Saturday,
March 3, 1400, at 11 A. M.,in her 80th year. &
native of Liverpool, Eng

Funeral se: vices at & P. M., Tuesday, Mareh @

Interment Sicepy Hollow Cemetery,
Tarrytown, N. Y. Manchester and Liverpoed
papers please copy.

LAMB,-—On Thursday, March 1, 1900, William
Lamb, aged 81 years.

Relatives and friends are invited to attend funeral
from his late residence, 122 West Twentieth et,
on Monday, March 6, 1000, at 0:90 4. ML, to @&
Francis Xavier's Church, wherea solemn requiem
mass will be offered.

LA MONTAGNE.-—On Snnday, March 4, 1900,
Ernestine Godart de Blossiéres, wife of Edward
La Montagne.

Notice of funeral hereafter, It is kindly requested
that no flowers be sent. Montreal papers please
copy.

RANDOLPH,—On Sonday, March 4, 1900, Wilson
G, Hunt Randolp!

Relatives and friends are reapecttully invited to
attend funeral services at Lis late residence, 238
Hancock st., Brooklyn, N. Y., on Tuesday even-
ing, March 6, 100, at ® o'clock, Interment ag
convenience of family

RHODES.--On Thursday, March 1, 1900, {n the
Seth year of her - after prolonged illnesa,
Mary (‘nee Lyons), beloved wife of A. T. Rhodes,

Funeral private Salem, Maas., papers please copy.

WARD.-—On Friday, March 2, 1900, Raymond Lee
Wart, aged 1 years

Frneral services at the Church of the Transfizure

nu Monday, March 5, 1900, at

at Sale Kindly omit

1900

   

tion, East 2uth et.,
10 A. M. Interment

 

On Third month, Second, 1900, William B.

nhis Tuth year

Relatives and friends are invited to attend the
funera n his late residence, Port Cheater,
N.¥.on Third month, Fifth, Monday, 1800, as
halfpast1 P.M. Trains leave Grand Central ater

nN. ¥.,N. H. &@ H.R. i, at 22: caching

Port Chester 107 Interment private. Phila

delphia papers please

WARD.
Ward,

1 fr

 

 

tl
tor

CYPRESS HILES CEMETERY,

| Office, 1 Madison ay., corner 43d st.,, N.Y.

Manitou, London V0OAM
| Orinoco, Bermuda 1000 AM 1200 M
| Seminole, Charleston SO0OPM
Buffon, Fernambuco,, vOO AM 1LHOAM
| Seneca, Tampico 100 PM BOOPM |
| Sond To-morrow.
Saale, Bremen . TOOAM 1O000AM
Ei Sud, New Orjvans ° s00PM
laismen, Martinique vOOAM WOOAM
| Hispania, Hayti 1OHO AM 12OOM
| Sail Wednesdiyv, March ?,
j
New York, Southampton, TOOAM 1000AM
Gertuanic, Liverpool WoO AM 1200 M
Southwark, Antwerp 1Os0 AM 1200 M
Athos, Colon . »30AM 100OPM
Searnranca, Havana 100vVM BOOPM |
Algonquin, Charleston sourM
Alaino, Galveston irepe 400 P M
(.%, transport, San Juan 10 80 AM 1200M
Hildebrand, bara 200 PM 4u0 PM
INCOMING STRAMAHIPS,
Lure To-day.
Kurrachee, Gibraltar Fe 8
blowergate Gibraltar Fel, #&
Bariby (otbraltar....... Feb. 12
Masconomo, Antwerp Feb. 15
Pawne Gibraltar Feb, 25
Bordrver List Fob. 16
Weathuru Barry Feb 14
Vacaval Glasiow Fe lw
Rawtor Alwiers ; woFeb. 4
Pon San Jian Feb 27
yeorgi Liverpool Fe a
Spartan Prince (oibraltar Feb, lw
Aigouyuin Jacksouville March 2
Due Toomorro
Kaiser Wilhelm derGroase iremen Fab, 24
Weeierniand Antwerp Feb us
Horteaus Panilla Fob. Qo
Vaasdam K otterdam Fed. 22
Kaeter City see Feb. 20
Hudeon Now Orleans, Feb 24
Frei New Orleans »March
Evrope $6 St Locis Feb. 28
Bellucts at lucie Feb. 27
Alleghany. Kingstou Marehl
Due Wedaradiy, Marer?,
Menominee ; London Feb 24
remen Bremen Feb, 24
Wwerrs Gibraltar Feb. ut
Hawkes Bay London feb. 21
Fxcel-ior New Orieane March 1
neho Galveaton Feb. 24
Allianes Colon March 1
‘ suche Jakaony March¢
Due Thurtday, Mar
Crit Dp Feb. 22
hi Rio New Orleans March s |
Due Friday, March 9,
atate of Nebraska Glasgow Feb, 24
Paiatia i Hamburg Feb. a0
Due Sa'urdiy, March 10
At. PaUb... 00 rcc0e » fouthamptes......Basep 8
LADUE crete seeeerecee eee db VOPPOOL. sees eee KMareh &

 

Religions Notices,

AMERICAN YOUNG WOMEN IN
PARIS.

A meeting will be held at Sherry’s, 46th St, and
fth Av.,on Monday. March Stu, 4.90 BP. M., when
the Archbishop of Ontario and Mrs, Travers Lewis
Will givean acount of the British and Amercaa
Homes founded by Miss Ada Letgh tn Parte for
respectable Fnglish speaking girls without distine-
tion of creed

the Very Reverend Dean Hoffman will preside,
sopport d bv the Right Reverend Bishop Worthing

  

ton, b.D.. the Reverend Doctors Moran Diz, W
S&S Roineford, Davil H. Greer, J. Wesley Brown, W
H. Vibbert, J. Parker Morgan, W. M. Grosvenor and

other friends
\ cordial invitati
the work.

nisgiven to those interested ia

 

=(\C —"Pables from Sanacrit:
QU" wealths,” “Hudibras” P

 

&

-