ON BEHALF OF 3D AVENUE,

SAYS STORIES OF PLUN-
BE DISPROVED,

Lays the Crash in the Stock Entirely to
Henry Hart's Passion for It and to the
Bears Who Got Hold of Him in His bif-
ficulties—The Report to Kuhn, Loeb & Co,

Although the Third Avenue Railroad is oper-
ated at a jess cost per passenger than either

 

DIRECTOR
DER WILL

 

the Dry Dock or Forty-second Street lines of |

ite system, or than the Brooklyn Heights lines,

even the cost of operation is still, John D.

Crimmins says, higher than under the best ,
) was much in demand,

economical administration it need be. His
knowledge of the operation of the Jersey roads
with which he is connected, he said, justified
him in making that asssertion, although he is
out of the Metropolitan system except as &
stockholder, The Metropolitan tines in this
ety are operated at a considerably less cost per
passenger than the Third Avenue road, the
figures being 1.58 cents against 2505. Under
a receivership or reorganization a reduction of
these expenses of the Third Avenue might be
expected, and on this among other grounds
Mr. Crimmins based the advise he has given to
individual holders of the stock and publicly to
hold on to it, as the recuperating powers of the
property are, he said, undeniable, notwithe
standing the extent to which it had been hurt
by bad financial management and volitical ine
fluence. The profits per passenger of the
Third Avenue have beon greater than those of
the Metropolitan, or 1.55 against 1.63.

A member of the company yesterday denied
the story that the stock of the Dry Dock come
pany had cost the Third Avenue $350, The
controlling interest was obtained by purchases
at diferent figures which would average above
$200, be said, but not near $350,

Of the total amount of the mechanics’ liens
filed against the Third Avenue company,
$5,164,727.45, it is said that not above 50 per
cent, represents money actually due tor work
completed, The rest is made up of the dilter-
enees between the amounts due for work done
on uncompleted jobs or contracts and the total
prices of the various jobs orcontracts; and,
besides, there are in the list of lleny some du-
plications, sub-contracts for which liens have
been filed being Included also tn the liens fled
by the general contractors. Naughton & Co.'s
Hen includes, for instance, nearly $250,000 for
which separute liens have been flled by other
creditors,

Speaking of the report that the directors of
the Third Avenue company might Issue a de-
nial of the various stories of extravagance and
submissionto blackmail or extortion, one of
them said yesterday:

‘Of what use would it be? Why should wo do
go? Thestories have all been told by {rrespone
sible people, the property is in the care ofthe
court, and the company’s conduct of its affairs
will be known in due time. The stories are
absurd, People who swallow them lose track

 

    

LIVE TOPICS ARUUT TOWN,

One of tho most diMeult feats which law
clerks in this city have occasionally been called
upon to perform has been the serving of legal
papers on Henry Mart, the largest stockholder
inthe Third avenue road, Mr. Hart felt per-
sonally aggrieved by every sult for damages
brought against his road and he had a@ strong
prejutice against compromising any of them,
no matter how strong wasthe claim. When it
cameto a choice between compromising and
going to court, however, with the prospect
of being examined by a hostile lawyer,

he usually weakened, Every railroad has
many damace suite to defend and Mr. Hart
It was a common belief
that even when sleeping Mr. Hart kept one eyo
open for law clerks who wanted to serve papers
ouhim. For years he spent much of his time
seated in frontofthe Third avenue car stables,
Watching the cars with a proprietor’s Jealous
eye, When he saw @ man approaching who
si@gested a law clerk he had a habit of mya.
teriously disappearing, One young clerk whom

Mr. Hart bat eluded in this fashion several
times deeded to waylay him at his law.
yer's ollice, where his visits were very
Irequent. He sat for two days in the

outer office and when Mr. Hart did appear he
dodged into the inner office before the clerk
eould reach him. Mr. Hart stayed there all of
the afternoon, When the time came for closing
upthe clerk gotun opportunity to get inside
where Mr. Hart was The old man saw him,
and witha frightened look made a rush for w
side door, The clerk was too quick for him,
Ile placed the papers in Mr. Hart's pocket, and
the latter took them out, threw them on the
floor and retired to another room, Several men
in the room had been amused by the proceed.
ing andthe clerk called upon them to witness
that he had legally served the papers.

From an authoritative source comes the {m-
portant information that the stripeson men's
shirtathis summer should run up and down
and not across, and any man seen wearing @
shirt striped in the latter fashion may be set
down 48 a person who Is wearing garments
purchased last year, The same authority also
states that khaki cloth is quite proper for rid-
ing breeches, and he saya that when he sees a

man absolutely “gotten up” for golf,
mountain or ehooting he ia forced to
suspect that this individual ja = only
a “mul.” This is hard on the man

vhostrivesto be proper in his dress and It indi-
cates that too much propriety in such matters
is,in the opinion of this authority, very bad
form. Notwithstanding this warning. there

ure many men who will continue to wear
knickerbockers for golf if it suite them to do
so. When tennis came into its full popularity
inthis country @ few years ago the players
wore knickerhockers and it was evident at
once that some of them should not have done
it. Gradually kKnickerbockera for tennis be-
came unpopular and now the same fate befalls
them for wolf. Dade is now almost an obsolete
word this side of Chicugo, and with its
disappearance has come a very Wide Iibe
erality in styles for men's clothes. There
is now no litte group of menin this city who
ure recognized as dictators of fashions and it
{3 noticeable that there {¢ much more {ndi-
viduality in men’s clothes. An English actor
who appeared here two weeks ago displayed 4
wardrove that was startling enough to have
insured a lot of Imitators had he appeared here

a dozen years ago When extremes were popu-

of the fact that our work was done as no other }
similar work has been done in the city, or any- |

where else, the road being operated all the
time; that we have built forty miles of road in
a@ year. whereas the Metropolitan has been
five or six years building sixty miles; and

that while we did have delays at dif-
ferent points where bad conditions un-
der the surface of the = streets were

encountered, the Broadway people when they
eame to Fourteenth street with their cable
work took three months to putin the work at
that pointalone. The loitering of men oo our
work was punished as fast as offleera of the
eompany found them at it,notthe loiterersalona
butthe foremen of the gangs to whieh they
belonged being discharged peremoptorily,
Naughton & Co, never raised any question
about this,

“The downfall of the road’s stock was dua
to poor old Henry Hart and certain bear in-
terests thatthrough him got their hands on it
He is almost #0 years old, and he has fairly
lived in Third avenue, He is at the office of
the company all the time, week days and Sun-
days, he even has his juneheon sent over
there to him from his bouse. He takes no
vacation, Ido not think he has teft the city
for a day for twenty-live years. He bought
more stock in the company when it was at
240, and wouldn't sell a share, As fastas he
bought new stock he hypotheecated It and
bought more, and hypotheecated that and still
bought. The time came of course when he
couldn't carry it all, and the holders of the
collateral were ready to sei! him out. Then
the Keene-Curtiss-Lamar interests came in,
Adverse interests began to sell the market
bhort, and the stock fell.

"The company required money andeven when
the atock got down to 150 bankers were more
than willing to lend all it needed. J, H.
McClement, the expert accountant who made
the examination of the company’s affairs for
Kuhn, Loeb & Co, who. is one of the
bes! In the country and most rigorous,
denouncing every weak spot, found every-
thing in a condition perfectly satisfa‘tory to
Kuhn, Loeb & Co,, and they were ready and
anxious to advance the money needed ander
proper conditions. They were of course to hive
representation in the management of the com-

any. The interests already named Jet it be

nown that they must be considered as consid-
erable stockholders inthe company, That was
not satisfactory to Kuhn, Loeb & Co., and they
withdrew. There was more short selling.
Metropolitan interests sold thousands of
shares short, not to hurt the company so much
as to hit Mr. Keene who had come into @ ver
large block of Mr. Hart's stock, Mr, Keene,
understand, has been selling all the way from
117 down. Ido not think he lost on the whole.
There has been selling outetde, and efforts
to send the stock down between 30 and
40.. The road {s a)! right and the stock will be
at 150 again within two years, [t seems to
have been unnoticed that nearly half the come
pany’s indebtedness represents paying propers
ties purchased, Something ike $0,000,000 of
the debt is under that head,”

John D, Crimmins, who has criticised the
management of the company severely, said, in
discussing it, that although there had been
undoubtedly extravagance in the arrange-
ments for the construction work he did not
think that that was what had wrecked the
read, Thecompany could have stood that, he
said, had it not bad to pay enormous commis.
sions {In addition to interest for ite loans, this
being necessitate! by the refusal of Mr, Hart
to permit the sate of the remaining $24,000,-
O00 of authorized eapital stock at atime when
fteould nave been marketed, because he was
uiable to take care of his privileges in the ad-
ditional issue

Mr. Crimmins said that the road had une
doubtedly suffered from politieal influence,
Theeompany had obtained the right, he said,
to change its motive power, and a contractor
meeting any diMfleulty iu securing necessary
permits to open streets could have secured
them by mandamus, Hethought it @ serlous
mistake, he said, forthe management of any
corporation having rights under the law to
submit to interference from ,olitical sourees,
Pourieiane are not the bravest men in the
world, he said, unless ones aubnitted to; then
there was no task master like a political organi-
ration

Ttis sald that Mr. Grant is finding some dif-
flon'ty, as did Kuhn, Loeb & Co,’s examinera,
in going over the books of the corporation, in
the fact that the aystems by which those of the
subsidiary companies are kept differ from that
in use by the Third Avenue companys itself

SHE FOUND WER BABY,

In a Baby's Boarding House to Which Her
Husband Took It.

William A. Dixon, who works on the Morgan
line tug L'Amigo, lived with his wife and his
daughter Bertha, 2 years old, at 42 Horatio
étreet, until Feb. 14. Then he left his wife,
anda few days later he took away his daughter
Mrs, Dixon went to live with her sister, Mra,
C.J. Brown of 2606 Bighth avenua.

 

|
|
|
|

 

 

jar. The trousers of hisevening clothes hang
around his bips like bags andthere i# a cere
tain loose effect about his coats that is the ro-
sultof plan and not aceldent. Now that the
average man suits himself in his clothes, con-
forming only in a general way to the styles of
the season instead of following them slavishly,
it must be dificult for mentors in such matters
to speak authoritatively, and that la probably
the reason thatthey take delight in definitely
changing the direction of atripes on shirts,

 

A lawyer who takes alcohollo drinks when
his physician so orders was very much an-
noyed last week by a typewritten and very
personal invitation from a wine house to come
down and buy a few gailonsof very old whiskey
which would just suithim, This whiskey had
been purchased by the firm, according tothe
circular, from an old estate that had recently
been settied up, and was guaranteed to
have been distilled thirty years ago. It
was the familiar assumption on the
pert of the author of this circular that
ie knew the lawyer's taste in liquors and that
what he had on hand would just suit him that
annoyed the temperance man. He was iunche
ing at the Lawyers’ Club on Saturday and ha
told about it, “It iselthera piece of imperti+
nence, he sald,"or a case of mistaken Identity,
and as am a well-known advocate of total
abstinence it is exceedingly annoying elther
way.” :

The Dog Show always brings with {ta bull
market for dogs and one thrifty young man
who took a pretty girl to the show a year ago
and bought for her a dog a4 4 souvenir of the
occasion hit upon what he thought was a wise
plan togetone cheaply. The young lady ex-
pressed a wish for @ wire-haired Irish terrier
and her escort prieed some puppies of this
breed which were offered for sale. He found
that they were more expensive than he had ex-

pected, A day or two later he saw a woman at
@ Fourth avenue corner with a basket of pup-
plea exposed for sale. .

“How much for your dogs?” he asked,

“Five dollars each,” she answered, He
looked them over and his remarks clearly in-
dicated his ignorance of dog points. “If you
fave a wire-haired Irish terrier,” he eaid, "I
will take him.”

‘Just one left,”’ said the woman fishing outa
clumay puppy with soft yellow hair and
big feet. he dog was properly crated
and sent to the young woman 48 &
fine wire-haired Irish terrier, She didn't
koow that he was not. She boasted
to her friends that Mr. Blank had bought this
puppy at the Dog Show and she said that an-
Other year she would exhibit her dog. Ob-
servers said that the Puppy did not look exactly
like a wire-haired Trish terrier, but she an-
ewered that he would show points when he got
older, The young man’s bargain dog has been
growing rapidly ever since, He is now about
the size of a Newfoundland with the points of
no particular breed. The young man's rivals
have named the dog after him and the young
man himaelf has been dropped from the young
woman's list,

There are postage stamps enough of all na-
tionalities in the Art Association rooms in
Brooklyn now to prepay & vast quantity of mall
if they did not happen to be cancelled. They
make up the second annual exhibit of the
philatelic section of the Institute of Arta and
Sciences and collectors from all parts of the
country are represented, No one but acol-
lector can appreciate the valueof stamps which
are quoted as being worth $1,500, although
their face value is only two cents and they are
cancelled, There are 4 number of such stamps
on exhibition, however, and if they were sold
at auction they would bring very close to
theirschedule price, Every country, no matter
how small, that ever issue! stamps is repre-
sented in this collection, and many of the
stamps have been selected as a part of the
philatelic display atthe Paris Exposition. The
stamp collectors have held on to cheir fad and
boomed it much more snecessfully than the
coin collectors, and the market for rare soins
in recent years has been very dull. It is
alleged by the philatelists that stamps are
more attractive than coins, and that they are
more easily bandied. Whatever may be the
reason, theae big exhibitions show very plainly
that collectors of stamps have increased, and
that itis no unusual thing fora manto spend
thousands of dollars for rare specimens,

 

THE MOTCAGE TAX BILE,
Proposed Amendments Intended to Fa-

cilitate Its Passage,

ALBANY, March 4.—Efforts are being made to
amendthe Stranahan Mortgage Tax billsothat
its passage may be made more possible. The
bill, if made into law. would raise $3,000,-
000 from the tax on stocks of banks,
and $10,000,000 trom the tax on mortgages,
The State now raises about $12,000,000 in

| direet taxes under the annual tax levy upon

3rown sent word to Dixon to call at the |
house yesterday. Dixon ea led and dropped
by aceident from his pocket a slip of piper
containing the wdivertisoment of Henry Grei-
sen of 282 kighth avenue, who wanted
childrenta board. Aevom panied by her sister,
her brother-in-law Brown, | and hor
brother-in-law George Ave, Tht Anisterdam
avenue, Mrs, Dixon eall t Cipeise house
list night and found Bertha there The baby

recognized her, but Greisen refused to let her

tare ituaway,

Both sides sent for polleemen and fluaily the
whole party went to the Lloth street station
Groisen said that he was getting $10 8 month |

for the board of the chil and objected to giving

itup beeause he did not know it Mrs. Dixon
was reallythe mother, Mrs, Dix succeded
in convineing the sergeant that she wag the

baby's mother and he allowed her totake the |

child home with her.

Baby Carried a Can of Powder to the Fire,

Grayson, Ky., Mareh 4,—By the
acan of powder at the coal minestwomils
ne person Was killed,
burned serte
care

explos

east of this place to-day «

one injured mortally and four
ously. The accident was due to th
ness of a two-year-old) son of Cirant Mullins,
an employee at the mines The lad picked up
a half-guilon ean of powder and ran toward
the open fire withit, Both men started after
the ehild but he reached the tflreplace, dropping
the can on the hearth, Some of the powder
spilled. A loud explesion. followed the
clothing of Mr. and Mrs, Mullins aud. ther
tree children was set on fire, Mrs, Mullins
ted,

OSs.

 

n of |

\

real and personal property, the remainder of
the expenses
secured Lv indirect taxation, {the main
objects of the Stranahan bill {9 to raise auff.
cientaid.tional revenue by Indirect taxation aw
to render unnecessary (direct taxation by the
State in the future, thus doing away with the
ery ot New York city against the unjuat distri.
butfon among the countiessof the direct tax

It has been propose that the Stranahan bill
be amended so that the one-half of 1 per cent,
n mortgages shall pot apply to mortgages

One ¢

 

   

 

of the State government being |

) raking

| neck with one end tied tothe door knob.

$$

apinebabatnmadmiaialaens aesmennniiamsamiein cinsinnans ania iaemenet anneal

 

THE SUN, MONDAY, MARCH 5, 1900.

“FISHNIP” TO CATCH FISH.

MR GLOISTEIN BUYS A BOTTLE
FROM FRED MILLER’S FRIEND,

 

The ‘Fishnip’’ Has the Effect on Suckers
and Lobsters That Catnip Has on Cats
~—Biggest Sucker Geta It and Glolstein,
After a Trial, Decides He's ‘the Sugger."’

On account of occurrences at the end of last
week it {s probable that August J. Gloistein
President of the Gloiste1nFishingClub,and Fred
Miller, treasurer of the Beer C:eek Associa.
tion, will not speak as they pass by fora while.
It all came about through the tntroduction to
Glolstain by Miller last Friday of one Mike
Hennesasy of Boston,

“T have here a scheme,” sald Mr, Hennessey,
who was young and glib, “by which [think you
can make money. Itisinthe fish line andI
have been asked to spring it on you. A friend
of mine told ma that you would bite ata good
thing if itcame along. Tom Herbert and Pete
MeNelly, the expert water doge of Boston,
tried it with wonderful results.”

“Yah, I subbose dot id is some more fish on
der hooqs or suggers on der line,” said Glol-
stein,

“Yes,” said Hennessey, “You can work it on
suckers as well as anybody else.”

“Vat Is dot you say?” exclaimed Gloistein ex-
citedly,

“I said,” replied Hennessey, “that suckers
can be caught with it, as well as eels.”

“Den I pe a sugger hey? Yes? No?” said
Gloistein.

“You don’t understand me,” replied Hen-
nessey. “There are lots of other fish in the
6ea as well as suckers. This acheme of mine
not only catches suckers, but oven lobsters.”

“Den vat am I—a sugger or a lobster?”
asked Gloistein, reaching under the bar fora
bungstarter.

“Tut, tut,” interrupted Miller. “You are no
sucker and nobody intends to accuse yeu of
being one. Listen to this wentleman, I will
vouch for him. He's @ personal friend of mine
and a good fellow.”

“Vell, if you say dot id {sallrighdt. I will
pelieve you, bud I don’t vant any monkey
doodle pizness, Fred,” said Gloistein dropping
the beer mallet.

“Well,” said
that I have

Hennessey, “I want to say
here & preparation that I
discovered myself. Its properties are
something like those of catnip. I call
this fishnip. It {8 made out of codfish
eyes. You know that if you scatter catnip
around on the street you will have a lot of cats
scrambling around after it. Tho biggest cats
win and the little cats get the worst of it.

“Yah, I heardt aboud id,” remarked Glolstein,
becoming somewhat interested,

“Now,” continued Hennessey, “this flahnip
has the saine results with fish. You just rub it
on the nook and dip the bait in ft and then drop
your line, When youdoso the fish for miles
around will head straight for your hook. The

funny part of it isthat the fish fight to get at
the fishnip, with the result that the small fish
have to back water and the biggest fish gets
the hook, Then you pull him up and there you
are,”

“How plg a fish vill bide id?” asked Gloi-
stein.

“Well, if there were any whales {n these
waters they would get first chance,” said Hen-
nessey, gravely, “As it is you ean puil in
sharks, awor!fish, dogfish and catfish.”

“Py chimminyg, I don't vant any sharks,” re-
aponded Giloistein, “bud L vonld vish ter ged
pi@ fish dot could pe eatens. How much vill
dot fishnip cosa?”

“Wall, L will sell you a pint bottle of {t for
$5," replied Hennessey, as he produced a bot-
tle of pink fluid,

‘ oud vere do 1 ged any money py dis?” asked

Hoistein,

“T'llexplain that,” putin Miller, “Ain't you
and Charlie Wagner, the Grand street dry
goods man, going fishing to-morrow to the
fishing banks?”

“Yah, dot vas so, Fred,” said Gloistein.

“Now, continued Miller, “you know that
Chariie Wagner is a dead gamo sport. Just
bet Wagner that you will catch the largest fish,
Tee some of this Ashnip, and you are bound to
winthe money. Wagner never weakened on a
Let yet. You can’t help giving him the laugh
when you come back, friend of mine who
went outinasmall yaw! last summer just off
Rockaway Beach used the fishnip, and, as luck
would have it, struck a school of mackerel,
The fish became so excited that they almost
overturned the boat. Te snsturated a whole lot
of troll bait with the fishnip, and after that all
he had to do was toscoopin the fish with @
basket. He captured the whole achoo!.”

“I go yer Mister Hennessey,” said Gloistein

roducing a greenback, and the bottle changed

mands. Late the same night Gloistein met
Wagner in the Hantield House at Grand and
East streets,

“Charlie, | bed you fifty tollara dot I catch
deny gest fish ter-morrow,” said Glolstein,

“What's the odda?” asked Wagner,

“Oh, [vill gif you two by von,” answered
Glois tein, 2

“Tigo you,” said Wagner promptly, and the
money Was put up.

Gloistein and Wagner started for_the fishin
banks early on Saturday morning Each carrie
&@ basket and Gloistein had the bottle of “fsh-
nip’ in the inside pocket of his overeoat, A
great deal of curiosity was aroused among the
other flahermen on the boat when Gloistein,
during Wagner's temporary. absences from
his fishing line, poured the “fishnip’’ over his
bait, but it wasn’t considered remarkabie
when just before the steamer started back for
New York Wagner took his basket of fish
down to the cabin and asked Gloistein to go up
to the pilot house and ask the captain how long
it would be before the boat reached the Bat-

 

ery,

“Charlie,” said Giloistein when they met
again, “how many fishes did youcateh? I haf
tirteen cod, Charlie; are your's pig vona ?”

“L have twelve,’ said Wagner, “but I refuse
to show them.” said Wagner. “We havea bet.
We weigh the fish to-night {n your saloon.”

‘Main Gott,” said Gloistein under his breath,
“Ltink dot flehnip fa von tam humpug.”

The fish were duly weighed tn the evening,
Wagner picked out the largest fish in his
basket and Gloistein followed sult. To an tn-
experienced eye both fish were about the
same size, but on the scales Wagner's fish
weighed six pounds and Gloistein's star catch
weighed only four pounds, The stakeholder
at once handed over the money to Wagner.

“Keep the fish,” sald Wagner, jauntily, “I
don't care about going home withthem, Serve
them upas free lunch. Good night, Mr, Gloi-
stein.”

“Fred,” said Glolstein to Miller when the
door had closed, "I haf _peen swindled again,
Tain’t no lobster, hey? No, bud | vas a sugger
vonce more. You sell me fishnip, hey? T haf
suspicions more dan you do, I vill oben dot
Vagner fish,”

He seized aknife and dissected the pisca-
torial prize. “Ach, mine Gott!” he shouted, us
he broughtto light a hunk of lead from the
fish’a stomach, “[ vill gill dot Hennessey. He
sells me a boddile of colored vater vot malgs
suggers bide, I bide, undt I am der only von
yot doea,”

Miller had disappeared from the saloon, “Dis
time ven I coteh him,” said Gloistein, as he
took his hat and started forth to find Miller, “I
vill neffer forgiffens him as I did pefore ven he
blays monkey doodle pizneas. Dere vill pe a
regular murder, Vait undill catch dot Hen-
nessey, too!”

SATISFACTION IN MURDFR,

Vincent Killed Traylor, Whom He Had
Sued Unsuccesstully,

Pererspura, Ind, March 4.—Thomas 1,
Traylor. one of the wealthiest farmers of Pika
county was assassinated last night by J. ©
Vincent, who called Traylor to his front door,
and as he appeared fired three shots at him,
One bullet passed through Traylor’s arm and
penetrated the groin, making a wound of
which he died this evening. Vincent lately
sued Traylor for $25,000 damages, charging
that Traylor had allenated his wife's affec.

tions, but lost the suit. A new trial was
granted, on the ground that the verdict was
not in accordance with the testimony

After the shooting Vineent telephoned to
Peteraburg, telling the Sheriffo! his deed. and
to be arrested, A deputy was im-
mediately sent to make the arrest, and Vincent
js in jai Traylor claimed that the suit
brought by Vincent was black mail,

Mra. George Lauterbach Hangs Herself,

Mrs.George Lauterbach,56 years old,of Laurel
avenue, Stapleton, Staten Island, committed
sulcide yestertay afternoon by hanging herself
in har bedroom, She was found by her daugh-
ter with a portion of a bed sheet tied about her
She

| had been suffering with an abscess on the jaw

tax «
bearing interest of 4 per cept. or less. Such
an exemption would mean a reduction of at
at least $4,000,000 of the revenue ex. |
pected under the proposed law and wonld
hot accomplish one of the jects sought
—the abolition of direct State taxation
Tweorthree of the membersof the jount lew.
jalative committee that drafted the bill would!
hotest tforit if this exemption were made
i sult of such an amendment mainiy
woul! be roexemp! mortgages of steam rail.
r Is whose bonds lately have heen refunded
a basis of 4 percent a 44,48 well as
New York ety on real es-

The Expression of Contentment

worn by a SUN reader may be traced to two
things—lirst, to the fact that he reads that
paper; secon, to the prosperity he enjoys
through association with reputable advertisers
Who use its columnus.— Ade,

|

and her physician informed berthat in a few
Ways it would be necessary to lance tt, She
told the deetor that she would rather die than
undergothe operation, but her remarks were
not taken seriously

Killed While Playing on a Railroad Track,

Syracuse, March 4.—Stephen Skurka, 14
years of age, was killed and Philip Hooker, 10
years old, were probably mortally injured by
being run over bya West Shore freight train
Which was being shifted at the Catherine
street crossing in this city at 5 o'clock this
afternoon, The boys were playing with com-
Pations and did not notice the train backing
down upon them,

    

| abroad,

 

GOLD STANDARD IN JAPAN,

Ite Good Effect on Domestic Industry and
on the Foreign Trade of the Country.

WasnHInoton, March 4.—"Report on the Adop-
tion of the Gold Standard in Japan, by Count
Matsukata Masayoshi, Minister of State for
Finance,” is the title of a volume issued by the
Japanese Government, which has just reached
the Treasury Bureau of Statistics, It discusses
in great detail the history of the currency of
Japan and closes with a chapter entitled, “Ff-
| fect of Coinage Reform upon the Feonomie
Condition of Our Country.” In this chapter the
writer, Count Mateukata, discussing the effect
of the new law, which went into operation Oct,
1, 1807, says:

“Since the adoption of the gold standard, our
currency has been freed from constant fluctua.
tions in its exchange rate, to which it was sub-
ject before, Owing to this latter fact, more-
gver, the relations between the claims of the
creditor and the liabilities of the debtor be-
came less subject to sudden and unexpected
changes, business transactions were made
safe, an improvement incredit took place in
the community at large, prices becaine more
constant; ina word, the way was now opened
for the steady and orderly growth of our com-
merce and Industry.

“Leaving out of account the questions con-
cerning the effect of the coinage reform on the
foreign trade of the country, it can be very

 

clearly seen that since October, 187, the
prices of commodities have kept com-
even: that, while there have

paratively
een some changes,
with the sudden and great changes w
used to occur formeriv, we must say that
the fluctuations were remarkably sma),
Besides, these small changes in the prices of
commodities can be amply oy riained by refer-
ring tothe partial failure of the rice crops, to
the sudden expansion of industry, and then to
{ts as sudden depression, to a stringency in
the money market, 15 well as to some other
causes, These changes in the prices of com.
modities were due, therefore, to the natural
working of the economic law of supply and de
mand in the commodities themselves. If we
notice the fact, moreover, that the amount of
cheeks and bills clearet at the clearing houses
in Tokio. and Osaka has remarkably tnerease:
during these recent months, notwithstanding
the fact that during this very time there pre-
vailed much business stagnation everywhere,
we cannot but conclude that business trans-
actions on cre tit have come to prevail more
widely and freely than before
“The beneficial result of the coinage reform
{s seen in another direetion, Since now that
the capitalists of the gold atandurd countries
have become assured that they will no longer
be in constant danger of suffering unexpected
Josses from investments made in this country
on account of fluctuations In the priceot silver,
they seem to show @ growing tendency to
make such investments at low rates of interest,
This tendency, if encouraged, will doubtiess
bring about a closer connection between this
country and the central money marketa of the
world—a state of things which I believe we
shall be able to see realized more and more
fully as years go on.
“So faras our trade with gold standard coun.
tries is concerned, our adoption of the gold
standard, which made us use the same stand.
ard of value as those countries, has proved to
be asoures of great benefit, This may be in-
ferred from the fact that changes which have
since taken place in the rate of foreign ex.
change have been but siight, and these all
traceable to changes in the condition of the
foreign trade of the country, and not all trace-
able,as formerly,to sudden changes in the
price of silver. For this reason there was
eliminated from our foreign trade much of that
speculative element which was caused by con-
@tant changes in the value of our currency; so
thatthe way was at last opened for the steady
and natura development of the foreign trade
of the country. Arain, concerning our com.
merce with silver standard conntries, contrary
to the gloomy prospects indulged in by some
critics, our trade with those conntries hae not
ceased to make fa steaty growth, and this in
the face of certain events occurring in the in-
terior of China, our greatest customer amon
the silver countries-events such as natura
calamities and. d{aturbanees, which have
greatly bindered the commercial! activity of
that country,
“Sines our coinage reform enabled us to
avoid al! the evil effects of fluctuations in the
price of silver, we stand now no longer, as for-
merly was the case, under the necessity of
making plans for financial mattera with the
currency constantly changing in value, and
sometimes suffering unexpected losses and
evils in times when those fluctuations are un-
usually violent. All these fears of miscaleula-
tion and lossea have now become things of the
past. ssoet partioulaey in the last few years,
when national expend{tures for things bought
such as warshipa, &¢.. have greatly
increased in amount. we have doultiess been
able to avold on account of our cofnage
reform great losses on the part of the National
Treasury. Besides, since our adoption of the
old standard, our Government bonds have
een sold in nosmallamountin the European
market, sothattheir names appear recularly
in the price list of the London Stock Exchange,
This fact at once converted our bonds into an
{International commodity and will no doubt
lead to a closer relationship between our home
and the foreign money markets,”

CAPT. WILDE WRITKS ON MANILA LIFE,

yet when compared

hich

 

The Oregon's Commander Longing for a
Northeast Gale or a Snowstorm,

Provincetown, Mass., March 4.—Capt. G. F,
F. Wilde of the United States battleship
Oregon, writing under date Manila, P. I., Jan,
15, says: “One unconsciously falls into the
habits of this country, and this you know, is a@
‘Manana’ climate as well as country, A
rather free translation of the above would be,
‘never do anything which may be done next
month.’ It is so continuously hot here that
when one gets a bit of lelsure ho {fs ine!ined to
enjoy It by no other exertion than breathing,
Wish you'd switch off one of your howling
northeast gales and send it out here; wouldn't
mind asnowstorm thrown in, I believe my
lungs would absorb the whole outfit,

“Since I last wrote I tookthe ship over to
Hong Kong to have the bottom cleaned and
painted. The war business as an organized
resistance is about over, There will undoubt-
ediy be more or less guerrilla warfare, or, more
properly speaking, bands of robbers prowling
allover the island and causing disturbances,

They ought, if caught, to be summarily dealt
with, shoton the spot. That would soon puta
stop to their depredations and murders

“We have a large number of vessels here,
Counting small gunboats that we captured
from the Spanish, and others that we pur-
chased after the war with Spain was closed, we
have Alty-three all told, quite a blz fleet, The
small gunboats are about three hundred and

fifty tons, are very niece craft, adapted to
shallow water work and to ascend small
| rivers and get into small bights and bays

where insurgents might get aris Janded or

food suppites sinugwled in, As big ships
fare no longer needed ont here. I am
hoping to get ordered back before many

months. [did not realize until I went to Hong
Kong and bewan building up how much T had
run down. We old chaps seem to stand it
hetter, however, than the younger men. The
ellmate will break down a wooden Indianora
graven image if they remained here long

 

| its slow length along most monotonously

|
|
|
|
|
| the climate and surroundings discouraging the

enough, Neither officers nor men should be
kept on duty overtwo years at the very long-
est.

“Lam hoping soon to make a cruise tothe
northward and visit the principal ports in
Japan. There we can get some bracing air,
for the climate is very much like that of New

England, though they never have much snow, |

Then there is so much of interest to be seen
that time fpasses rapidly, while here ir drags
Wa
tried hard to make itseem like Thanksgiving
and Christmas a little back, but It was no go,

most indulgent efforts of imagination.”

Union Men After Nagle,

Capt. Gibson, Deputy Street Cleaning Com-
missioner, Was denounced at the meeting of the
Central Foderated Union yesterday for oppos-
ing the bill providing foran eight-hour work.

| day for street cleaners, payment for overtime

Patrick

Assoclition of

Daly
Coach
Nagle
go Cnet

anda hearing before dismissal
of the Liberty Dawn
Drivers aoid that while Commissioner
went who othe form of reduce
(ithaon, beenuse of his attitude toward the
bill it was well known that Gibson had not
gone to Albany tocppose it without authority,
A committee was ap, olnted to ask Commis.
sioner Nagle how he atanids on the bill,

Superior Excellence

and economy mect in our offering
each day. The story is told 10
thousands; we confidently expect
from this mass to met many buy.
ers, We address our news to
Your intelligence; for imposition
upon credulity fads no place bere.

‘Burnbatis Phillips

Custom Tailoring Only,
Cemple Court Aanex, 9 Nassau $t.

    
 

 

|

SUE ERE REESE eT

| true condition of affairs,

 

BRIG HASKELL WRECKED.

OF THE VESSEL ASHORE ON
LHODE ISLAND'S COAST,

 

STERN

 

Found on the Beach Near Noyes's Beach
Not Far From Quonochontaug Life Save
ing Station—No Other Wreckage Found
Near the Place—Crew Probably Lost.

 
 

 

Provipence, R. I., March 4.—Capt. Horace M. |

Knowles of the Life-Saving Service reports |

thatthe stern of a vessel has landed west of
Noyes Beach, two and one-half miles west of
Quonochontaug Life-Saving Station. The piece
of wreckage was found by Capt. Saunders of
the Quonochontaug station, The stern bore
the name “M. C, Haskell,” and It fs feared that
the vessel went down during the storm of
Thursday night. As yet nothing has been dis-
covered which would shed any light on the
mystery, No bodies and no wreckage beside
this stern was found yesterday,

Bits of wreckage were washed ashore on
Thursday night at Narragansett Pierand the
opinion was advanced that some vessel had
been wrecked nearby, Additional wreckage
was washed ashore outside of Point Judith
and at Watch Hill,and now that this stern
has been found, there appears to be
good ground for the belief that a wreck
has taken placu on the southern Rhode
Island const. Capt. Davis of the Watch
Hill station found what appeared to be a part
of the side of a barge deckhouse and Cupt,
Church of the Point Judith station reported
that one of his patrolmen found part of a
stairway evidently belonging to a barge or a

vessel of some sort, Capt, Saunders, at Quono-
chontang station, found what appeared to be a
eco of a mast, which was afloat some distance

rom the beach, and partofa bulkhead and a
hatch combing were washed ashore on Thurs-
day niwht at the pier

Inthe listof merchant vesaela is found the
brig M.C. Haskell, She was built in L88o at
Rockland, Me, and that was her home port,
She was 144 feet long, her breadth was 2 feet
and her deptt 1 feet Sinches. Her gross
tonnage was $51.25 tons and her net tonnage
SS5.8 tone,

Capt. Knowles said that he was of the opinion
that the Haske!l was not very familiar in these
parts, and said also that there was nothing
washed up whieh would show what her cargo,
if she carried any, was, He was not able to say
where she had sailed from _or where she was
bound, She was owned by R, K. Snow.

Tho Haske!l sailed from Wilmington, N. O.,
on Jan. 6 for Port of Spain, Trinidad, She has
not been heard of since. It was_the original
intention of her skipper, Capt, Wingfield, to
take cargo at Cuba after leaving Trinidad and
sail thence to Wilmington, Del,

 

  

MISSIONER DUNLAP BOMBARDED,

 

East Side Youth Unfavorably Disposed Tos
ward Conversion by Him--One Arrent.

The East Side population in the neighbor.
hood of Madison and Market streets had a lot
of fun yesterday afternoon with Evangelist
Dunlap and his band of miestonaries to the
Jews, and ineidentally one Jewish lad got into
the clutches of the Madison street police.

Since the publication of stories to the effect
that Dunlap was combining evangelical work
with money lending, he had dropped out of
public sight until yesterday, Some days ago
the residents of the Madison street district
were ina!e aware that there was going to be
another eruption there of missionaries to the
Jews bythe pictorial dispiay which suddenly
blossomed out In the show windows of an un-
occupied store at 123 Madison street. The
glass in the two show windows was backed up
with colored lithographs of various acenes tn
the life of Christ and printed Christian texts,

According to the neighbors, Dunlap has hired
the store fora meeting place,

Yesterday he sent word to the police that he
waa going to parade through the precinet tn
his wagon preliminary to opening meetings
and that he wanted police protection. The
parede was to begin at 4 o'clock and just be-
ore that hourtwo polleemen in plain olothes
were senttothe place, As soon as Duulap and
his party came the fun began. Dunlap has a
long- bodied carryall decorated at the four cor:
ners with placards bearing Scriptural texte
held aloft on uprights, It is painted blue and
drawn by two horses, The driver ia a negro
and one of the Gospel party ia a young negress,
Two young white women and a@ man preacher,
Whois a converted Jew, complete the party.
Duniap himself isa cripple.

Yesterday he gat on the back seat of the
wagon, guaried by the two white women,
Runday ie a day of bustle in East
hide streets and peaterday. belp@_ pleas-
ant, the street was full of children
ready for any frolic. No sooner had Dun-
lap's wagon drawn up than the erowd sur-
rounded it, hooting and shouting. The parade
bewan andthe ¢rowd went along, keeping u
the nolse and throwing into the wagon sue
old vegetables or other missiles as were at
hand, Dunlap’s party soon found it advisable to
have the side curtains of the wagon let down.
Atone point the crowd pressed in too closely
and the policemen made a aally. The single
prisoner tesulting from this. was Solomon
Salewitz, 15 years old, of 106 Canal street,

The wagon returned to 123 Madison street
and stood there for some time, but as tha
crowd of youngsters around it waa clearly hos-
tile, no attempt was made to holdang religious
service, Abqut4o'clock Dunlap concluded to
give in for the day and drove away,

 

HAPPINESS IN MARRIAGE,

 

A New Haven Minister on the Becent
Utterance by Prof. Sumner,

New Haven, Conn,, March, 4.—The recent
comment of Prof. William G, Sumner of Yale
University to the effect that #0 per cent. of
a!l marriages are not entirely happy, brought
out the first sermon on the marriage question
inthis city to-night. It was delivered by the
Rev. Dr. Levi Gilbert, pastor of the Trinity M.
FE. Church. His subject was: “Are most mar-

riages happy or unhappy?” He said he could

not believe that Prof. Sumner uttered the

words credited to him. He asserted that what
Prof. Sumner really said was that not 10 per
cent, of young people ever realized their ideals
in marriage.

This may well be,” continued the Rev. Dr,
Gilbert, “for their ideals may be too visionary
and romantic forthe actual world. Who has
sufficient information to say dogmatically that
most marriages turn out unhappily?
house to house canvass been made and the een-
sustaken? All suchestimates are the wildeat
of guesses, ‘The divorcee courts expose a good
deal of scandal in high iife but the multitudes
of peaceful homes that nover get (nto court are
in the vast majority

“The minister going into many homes has
more than ordinary facilities for knowing the
Sometimes he finds

Has any |

|

troubles but on the whole my estimate would |

be that (0 per cent, were happy rather than
the opposite.”

 

BRINGING “DOC” TANNER HERE,

Buffalo Man Is Charged With Complicity tn
a Raltlroad Bond Swindle,
Burrato, N. Y,, March 4.—Detective Ser-
geant Vallely took back to New York to-day
“poe” Tanner of Buffalo, who has been in-

dicted in New York for grand larceny inthe firat |

degree, and was discovered hera by Datective
MeConville, Itis charged that Tanner ts one
of threa.men who buncoed Arthur M, Pelltner
of New York out of $4,000 by gelling him bogus
railroad bonds about five months ago. He has
been living here pretentioualy for six years
ani, it is said, has worked confidence games in
inany parts of the country,

 

Cushing Process Company's Embes-
ziing Clerk Arrested In New Haven,

New Haven, March 4—The police of this
ety hove arrested Charles H. Lahr, who {s
wanted by the New York police on the charge
of embezzling $150 from the Cushing Proceag
Company of 254 Sixth avenue, Now York city
He was in the employ of that company and was
frequently sent te the bank to deposit money
forthe concern, On Tuesday nat the firm sent
him tothe bank with $150 and Lahr failed to
return.

The

Early Spring in Montreal,
The Montreal Herald of last Thursday con-
tains the following:
FREEZE AND SNOW HAVE GONE
Detective Freeze of New York. who was here
conducting extradition proceedings in the ease

of A.J. Snow, an embezzior of that city, left
with his prisoner for New York Inst night

 

JOTTINGS ABOUT TOWN,

 
  

Mrs, Mateline Battino of ma Macdonval street
and her two months Menchier Vinnie, who
were burned on Friday ¢ by the explosion of a

lamp, ded in Bellevue vesterday

Henry Heir, supposed to be 9 longshoreman, wes
found as sated vestemtay in the | wot
West street, There ® & Lothing tos that hia
death was not accidental

The police have recetved many compla nts lately
ofathief who stenla the t ise’ Geant hi P reo ontes from
fia’ house entrances, Policeman Peabo anche
Williaa F. Boerum of 215 Bowery uns rowing the
fronts from the mail boxes ae 447 Wee! Thirty

eighth street and arrested him,

bad fis
other mail- box fronte with him, —

 

It would make no difference if you paid us twice the amount asked—we

  

could not build you a better safe than “Hall’s Standard.’ They are the acme

of safe construction and are not equalled anywhere.

Sold since 1840,

Hall’s Safes.

Your old safe exchanged
for a Modern ‘‘Hall.’’

KINSEY, RAINIER & THOMSON,

GENERAL AGENTS,

Second Hand Satestorsale. 393 BROADWAY, N, Y.

TEL, 307 FRANKLIN.

Safe moving and repairing.

JERSEY’S GREALEST ELECTION FRAUD

Contest Over a Court House Site Killed
Woman Suffrage in the State,

The officials of Essex county in New Jersey
are talking over ways and means by which a4
new Court House may be secured, The present
court house stands on a point of land where
Springfield avenue and Market street come to-
gether, [t was built in 1437, and was a fairly
faithful mode! of the Tombs in New York city,
It was for many years regarded as one of the
finest structures in all New Jersey, and all the

 

  
  

in Newark, felt they had won, buta decent decorum
was m ining until the next Saturday when
the county clerk read off the returns in the court

 

horse Newark bad won by something over
1.) majority ‘The actual vote was: Newark,
7,666; blizabethtown, 6,181

“The old court: house,”
Freedom for the next week
loud and repeated hu
fitude; every heart beat with joy, every countee
Nanee shone with satisfaction, and such mutu
congratulations we doubt were never witnesse
before. Cannon announced the triumph of Newe
ark and her friends. and in the evening the court

says the Centinel of
“resounded with the
fan assembled mule

as ¢

| house as well as the town in general was. brile

old encyclopedias make mention of this Court: |

house in deseribing the town. The court house,
the leather industry and the cider were the three
things which, in the eyes of the compilers of
gavetteers and encyclopedias distinguished New-
ark from all other towns

The Court House previous to the present one
stood at the corner of Broad and Walnut streets,
It was built in 1810, and it deserves more than
passing mention, for it was the cause of one of
the most bitter factional fights ever known in New
Jersey; it was the means of abolishing woman

suffrage in the State, after it had thrived for a)

decade and more. It provoked the most wide
spread corruption at the polls, and it is doubtful
{f more trickery had ever been practised over an
election in America up to that time. Men prom
inent in church and high in the State resorted
to all manner of means to keep the court housein
Newark, while the people of Elizabethtown were
equally zealous in their efforts to have the build-
ing placed in their town or within its boundaries
This was really the whole cause of the struggle
—whether the Court House should be built in
Newark or Plizabeth

The towns had been rivals ever since the Revo
ution, and each strove in divers ways to outstrip
its rival. The election lasted three days, and
began on Feb. 10, 1807, at a place called Day's
Hill, which was in Elizabethtown, and was really
what would today be called an election district
in Elizabeth. On the second day the polls were
removed to Elizabethtown, and n the third and
final day the election was carried on in Newark
For weeks before the election the excitement hal
been intense. Mass meetings were held in every
town and hamlet in the county, and the old records
tell how over twenty of the most prominent men
went about from meeting to meeting making elo
quent harangues.

During the early days of the canvass It looked
as if Elizabeth must surely win. Elizabeth had
a majority in the Board of Freeholders, and these
had steadfastly resisted all efforts of the Newark

faction to have the Freeholders put through an
ordinance to authorize the erection of the pro-
posed edifice in Newark. The Freeholders bad

even refused to authorize any repairs on the old
Court House, which was rapidly lapsing into a state
of decay. Since no repairs could be secured, and
the old structure was ertirely too small and waa
rapidly becoming uninhabitable, the only alter:
native open was to build a mew Court House
Elizabeth finally consented to this on condition
that each faction should submit 4 number of sites
upon which to build the structure, and that the
renee should then be decided by popular vote,
*ermission to hold this election was obtained
by special act of the Legislature.

During the early days of the canvass it looked
as if Newark would be beaten, as the men sent
out to count noses on the sly in Elizabeth and
the hamlets in sympathy with it reported wat
the voters there outnumbered the faithful in
Newark. Then some lawyer, while poring over
the laws, found one that apparently authorized
woman suffrage, and by 4 swift calculation it
was estimated thatthe Newark faction could carry
the day in all probability if the women were per-
mitted to g° to the polls, Oddly enough, the
law allowed only single women and widows to
vote, and it thus left married women on the level
of idiots and infants, for these alone (outside
of criminals) were denied the right of suffrage

During the forenoon of the first day's election
at Day's Hill there Was nothing out of the common
noted at the polls, but in the afternoon corruptiog
began to show itself and until dark all sorts of
illegal voting was practised, Of course there
were dozens of Newark sympathizers on band

at the Day's Hill polls and they carned back
highly exciting accounts of the high handed
manner in which things were run. Newark

was atiame with indignation and sober gollig
old citizens were heard declaring that it woul
be necessary to flght fire with fire and that the
only way in which infamy evuld be downed in
this instance would be to meet it with something
slightly akin to it, but justifled by the extreme
nature of the occasion

The second day’s election was in Elizabeth-
town pfoper, and, animated by the example of
their compatriots at Day's Hill, the Elzabethans
carried the trickery to an even lower point. No

the end of the day, and every means that could
be thought of was resorted to to bring in any one
who might, under the broadest interpretation
of the law, cast a ballot.

Hutif the two days’ voting had been corrupt
that on the third day in Newark was far bey: nd
it. Nothing, it is said, could exceed the bare
facediness of the methods resorted to to carry the
elecuon. Wagons were sent out inte the country
to bring people in. ‘There was a group of bailot
box stutfers who carried on their practives without
much difficulty, although the newspapers of the
day tell how the voters were occasionally ela
lenged The most prominent men in the town
seemed entirely lost to all sense of honor; men
who would have scorned te do a wrong thing,
under these conditions, developed into “repeate
of surprising energy and skill It was related
afterward Wat Gov Pennington, a warm
herent of tie cause of Newark in the strumele,
Appeared at the polls with @ strapping nevress
on bis arm He escorted her to the ballot box
with mreat courtesy and steod by while she voted

In 4 short) history of Newark written by the
late Rev. ©. H. Halsey, and which has never been
printed, but was used by him asa lecture on sev-
eral oceasions, an amusing tale is told of how a
number of women voted 4 number of times apiece
The judge of elections in Newark was aaron
Munn. Mr. Halsey records that Miss Munn
voted no less than eight times, in as mony different
fowns, and that her father, who stood by the ballot
Ox as she same Up, Never recogtuized her Less
than thirty years ago there were living in Newark
two old ladies who had voted six times apiece
They looked upon this as a perfectly justitiable
thing and spoke of it often with manifest pride
From all the old records bearing upon the cele
brated election it would certainly seem as if the
entire community must bave been temporarily
bereft of all sense of justice and honor, Large
gangs of men were brought down the passaic
in flatboats during the day, men who lived many
miles without the courty :

While the voting was going on in Newark the
officials in Elizabeth town were counting the
ballots cast on the two previous days. The good

ple of Newark became apprehensive early in
he day and they established 4 regular system
of runners who acted as spies and who brought
regular hourly bulletins from Elizabeth town,

 

ad

; and his ma tty when elected

giving the figures as far as they had been com: |

fled. By noon the excitementin Newark reached
ever heat for it became known that Elizabeth
was running ahead, The people wer ina frenzy:
more votes must be had, anyhow and anyvwae,
and it was at this crisis that the women )ey
to “ropeat,” changing their gowns until the
had exhausted their wardrobes. The married
women, Whe had for the most part obeved the
law during the morning, now became so indig
nant at not being allowed to help their town
an! because they were classed with idiets and
criminals, went to the polls in swarms and were
permitted to vote, many of them As the dark
ness fell the men who were engineering the thing

 
 

 

 

 

| Sehr

| ward been ele te! Pre
attempt was made to conceal the corrupon toward | se ,

 

liantly iHuminated

But Newark’s jubilation was not destined te
bring it the new eourt hous for many along day,
While there was light and feasting in Newark
there was wloom and sullen silence in Flizabet
town, and shortly afterward charges of frau
were made and the beaten party proved so ode |

  

  

that it etfectually cheekmated every move ol
Newark to bein the building of the court house.
At last the Legislature nycularly declared the

election cormipt and illecal and therefore set aside,
Then was Newark plunged in gloom, while Elizae
beth broke out into a grand ilamination

An idea of the extent of the fraud practised fg
Newark on the eceasion of the election may be
gained from the facet that the number of voteg
cast in Newark was but 961 less than that of the
entire population three years later. In Elizabet
it was but lithe better. Tf the Blizabethans fail
to get out as many votes it was simply because
they were netas skilful at finding them as the
politicians of Newark. Three vears after the elece
tien A court) house was built in Newark, the
one Which stood until 1837 and which was that
year burned down by fire, and which was sue
ceeded by the present structure, soon to be supet=
seded ‘The great struggle was the means of
abolishing woman suffrage, for at the way
next session of the Legislature: after the election
an act was passed limiting the right to vote “to free
white male citizen

POLITICAL
The Republican Siate Convention in Texas ¢@
choose delegates to the Philadelphia National Con-

 

NOTES, |

 

vention will bo held at Waco on March 6 and there
are present indications of a renewal of the Lily
White and Black and Tan controversy and of twe

f Kepublican delegates from the State
Democratic majority than any

rival sets
which gives @ larger
other,

Former Assemly1
elected Presitent

ian Ott» Kempner has been
the German-American Citizen’s
League - 8B kiyn, ex Assemblyman August
id, First Vice-President and John Feterabend,
Secretary. The League meets monthly in different
parte ot Brooklyn,

These are the contract figures of 1900 for gag
equipment and supplies furnished forstreeta, publie
buildings, avenues, piers, parks and publio places
inthe borough «f Manhattan; Por each lamppost,
$12; for cach lamppost removed, $8,50; for each
lamppost reset, $10; gas for public buildings, 48
cents a thousand cubte feet

Two appointments, one a: stenographer and one
as court attendant, have been made by the Juatioe of
the Euhth Municipal District. Neither of tho ap-
pointees resides within its boundaries,

Willard Johnaon, one of the two up-country Dem-
ocrats who voted inthe Legislature against the im-
peachment of Justioe Barnard, died at his homein
Oswego county on Feb, 5 atthe age of 80, He wase
contractor as Was Jarvis Lord who voted the same
way in the Barnard preceeding. Mr, Lord repe
resented the Rochester and Mr, Johnson the Oswego
district, They were the only two Democratic reps
resentatives in that Senate forthe northern, weste
erp, central or south rn tier counties of New York,

 

 

Among theirassociates in the Legislature were Wile
liam H. Robertson, Henry C. Murphy, Brooklyn,
William B, Woodin, Dintel FL Tiemann, Webster

Wagner and James O'Brien

There is a renowal in political circles of the talk of
“restoring the Vi cy toits former promle

& Presider

nence,”’ though it may be very much doubted
whether at any other period in American history the
office of Vice-President was so prominent, or the

incumbent of itso influential, as during the tenure
of the lust elected Vice President, Garret A. Hobart

In the ear); cars of the Kepublic, the Vicee
Presidential (fie had an artificial prominence
through the save of the day, which was to

elect the Presidential candidate having the highest
number of electoral votes to that office and his
chief competitor to the Vice-Presidency, Moreover
it was the custom to promote @ Vice-President to
the higher office and thus John Adams, the second
President, was tho first Vieo President, and Thomas
Jotferson, the second Vice-President, was the third

 

President. In more recent years, however, the oflice
of Vice President has beer rded aa of very much
less importan ind onl ne Vice-President of the
United States since Thomas Jefferson's day has after-

 

ident. Murtin Van Buren was
Vice-Presilent for four years between 1°33 and
1887, and inthe latter year became President of the
United States, His case furnishes the only exception
toa rule which oven Adlai Stevenson did not attemps
to break,

There is to be a epeeta ion in tah on April 3

for Memberof Congress to fll the vacancy cansed
by the exelusion of ¢ ressman Roberts from the
House, and the announ nt is made that ex-Cone
gressman W.H. King nay be the Democratic candle
date, Deu rets predominating in Utah sinee its ade
mission as @ State Mr King isa resident of Salt
Lake City Hle was born in Ulah at Fillmore City,

DSi) was 2
n elected

000,

The piurality of Roberts wi in 1808 was

6.000 Liah is ove of the States whose im ning ine
ferests are « lorable, and it was one of those
which gave Bryan lis largest lead in 180, when he
polled 84 per cont, of the total vote of that State,

At the general election of 1kOS the Demovratic plure

ality in Utah was about 4.000 in the contest over™@
Jadgeship of the Supreme Court
There has been introduced into the Maryland

begisiature by a Baltitnore member a bill rep aliug
the present Sunday laws of Maryland It provides

 

thatall manner of selling, exposing or oferngy for
sale, bartering or disposing of any propert or thing
on Sunday iw prohittted and offenders are punish:
able by a fine of not mere than $50 or iinprisonment
of not more than gixty days Fxcepted from this

 

provision, howe of meals to beeaten
on the premises 8 sold or served elsowhere by
caterers, anil the eleof news

milk, iee, fruit, nfectionery, drugs, medi-

ire sales

 
  

pera, cigars, tobacco,

flowers, ¢

  

 

cines and surgical appliances.

Since the adopt! nin 104 of the State Constitne
tion, one section of which is designed to separate
nN @nicipalfrom Stato and natoualele tions, there
Bas been ageneral movement toward an alteration
in the dates for holding t.wuship ¢ ma through.
out New York, the being hel ‘ nthespring
1 a the mont f February Ia and April,

e lastoftt nties pting the hange
frou rto fall tow 4 ia Westches
ter, in which for many yeu sh elections have
? ion t lant 1 Mar Here

jatter, beginning in Nov i,t! will be

hel Nv bow) ‘ tons in Putnam,
the adjavent nty to Wrst r, have been held
in March, ane an Due lumiain the same
mouth, buton the tiret T

|

 

 
  
 

/

 
 

Always the right size.

ane
‘The WERNICKE ELASTIC BOOK CASE
A SYSTEM OF UNITS

' Never too large; never too small.

    
     
  

  
     

a

    

a eee

ee Se Se ROR ae

—aee