The arc"

Sun

MONDAY, MARCIE 5, 1900

Subscriptions by Mail, Postpatd,

DAILY. per Month "= = |
Y, per Year
DAILY, p 200

UNDAY, per Year
OILY AND SUNDAY, per Year 800
DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Ment seat . 70

Postage to foreign countrirs added

Tuy Sus, New York City,

Panis—Kiosque No. 12, near Grand Hotel, and
Kiosque No, 10, Boulevard des Capucines,

Uf our friends who favor us with manuscripts fur

publication wish fo have reye tod artioles relurned, they

gust in all cases send stamps fur thal purposes

Did the President Mean to Reassert the
Monroe Doctrine?

Mr. McKInvey'’s remarks at the Ohio ban-
quet were admirable in temper and feliel-
tous in almost every phrase. The President
has demonstrated on many occasions his
power of graceful and convineing oratory
Whenever he takes occasion to speak
directly to the people of the broader princi+
ples underlying his policy, and of the ideas
and hopes that animate his executive
labors, he generally suceeeds in winning
to himaelf minds and hearts.

There is one short passage in President
McKinney's speech whieh is of special in
torest at this time to al! Americans

“We are neither inalliance,” hesaid, “nor
autagonism nor entanglement with any
foreign power, but on terms of amity and
cordiality with all.”

This js the nearest
McKINury has ever)
utterance to an aliisi
ments involved in the proposition to iny
the powers of Europe to join ina guarantee
of the neutrality of American property on
the American continent

His keen politieal diseernment, so ap-
parent in other partsof his Waldorf-Astoria
Bpeech, must have warned the President
Jong ago that the Hay-Pauncefote Treaty,
ff ratified, will mark a momentous change
fn American policy with regard to en-
tangling alliances.

The old Clayton-Bulwer Treaty is the
best example this nation's history affords

approach that Mr.
ide ins any publie
yn to the entangle

ite

of the danger of any departure from
the traditional policy of every American
Administration since Monkor's, that is
to say, the policy of uncompromising
adherence to the fundamental principle
which Monroe defined. And even the

Clayton’Bulwer Treaty was sent to the
fenate by President TaYLor in the mis-
taken belief that it would serve to redeem
all Central America forever from European
dominion, ZacHany TayLon did not live
long enourrh to see his mistake.

Now, at this stage of the nation’s power
and progress, to summon a Enropean Con-
cert toexercise for all future time a con-
dominion on this side of the Atlantic over
an American canal, is to do much more
than to revive the dangerous features of the
Clayton-Bulwer Treaty. It is to tear up the
Monroe Doctrine into stall pleees and to
fling the fragments to all the winds of
heaven, It is to abandon the Monroe
Poctrine outright and utterly. It is to
open the door wide with our own hands for
future Ruropean interference in the affairs
of this hemisphere on endless pretexts
leading to innumerable and at present in-
conevivable entangloments. It is to require
our Government, for tho counterpolse
which self-protection demands, to entangle
{tself equally in affairs of European con-
cern, It is to subject the amity
diality of our relations with all the world

and cor-

to a strain that will tnevitably pro-
duce a rupture, Jt is to start the
United States on a new career full
of dangers beside which the responsi-

bilities and difficulties of the problems of
the present are as nothing.

Were these thoughts in President MeKrn-
LEyY's brain when he reminded the country
of its fortunate freedom from entanglement
with any foreign power? If soe, we con-
gratulate the President most sincerely, and
we congratulate the country, too.

On one side of President McKinugy, at
the dinner table on Saturday evening, sat
the Republican Governor of New York, who
has already declared that the canal must be
American in every sense. To the other side
of the President came a distinguished
Democratic ex-Governor of Ohio, the Hon.
James E. CAMPBELL, to deelare that
this country’s duty to itself is to build the
great interoceame waterway without ask-
ing the consent of any nation whatever,

The incident was symbolic. The Preal-
dent who takes that stand will have
Republicans to the right of him and Demo-
crates to the left of him, and every Ameri-
can who sees beyond to-morrow will sup
port him and upheld him,

No One Picture Fits the Boers,

Many descriptions of the Boers purport
to apply to the whole people while the faet
{s that no one statement can be made to
fit them all, They ave widely seattered
and have lived under differfng conditions
which have diversely affected their habits,
{deas and character. Thus while their
fraternal feeling is strong and they are
closely allied in political sentiment, the
Boers of various parts of South Africa
differ much from one another

The only Boers who seom fully to have
maintained the primitive simplicity and
Darrowness Of view of their fathers are the
farmers of the Middle Veldt in the South
African Republic. They live in the region
between the latitude of Pretoria and the
Tropic of Capricorn They are isolate d on
their vast farins, many of whieh embrace
6,900 acres of grazinys lands, They seldor
see strangers and louve their farms only
four times a year to visit the nearest
market town and attend the ‘nachtmaal”
or religions festival. Many of them cannot
read, and those who are not iiliterate read
only the Pible,

 

The farmers of the H gh Veldt, between
Pretoria and the sonthern ber ler, on the
other hand, see much of the Outlanders in
the mining towns, and visit’ the railroad
towns and the capital, whieh in spirit and
appearance have been completely trans: |
formed in the past fifteen years. They

raise sleep and horses, w
iainstay of their frien
they have gone larg market gar-
dening, which is unknown in the north,
They have learned a good deal of the world,
While the farm the Middle Veldt are
what their fathers were and little thor

sere is a wreat difference betwe

ie cattle are the
'3 in the north, and
y lato

rsa

Nn these
cattle raisers of the Transvaal and the
Boers of Cape Colon Tie latter have

been politicians for two ger

rations, Until
the diffleulties hetweeu the Transvaal Boe rs
and the Outlanders arose there was not
nearly 80 much anti-English sentiment in
the Transvaal as in Cape Colony, where
Politica strife between the Cape Duteh and

ante shineny hn natho8 2Ga NRA io A a CAAA NaN Rae aT

ee beth ro)

 

 

——

ne ee

THE SUN, MONDAY, MARCH 5, 1900.

 

 

 

 

the British coloniate has often been fierce | ally each man is being paid for doing |

and bitter. The Cape Boer bas his news-
papers which reflect his political senti-
ments and he reads them as well as his
| Bible, Some of the ablest of them are
| printed only in English. His children are
| educated under the laws of the Colony and
| they all talk English. His experience of
the world has naturally made him in many
respects unlike his cousins in the northern
| Transvaal,
| In fact, the Boers of Cape Colony, the
Orange Free State and the southern third
of the Transvaal have for years been in
process of evolution, and the progres-
sive influences have affeeted not only the
burghers of the cities, many of whom are
charming and well-educated people, butin a
lesser degree the dwellers in the grazing
and agricultural districts, Just before the
war cloud arose they were talking of a
untversity in Pretoria, and advanced sehoo!s
have for some years been well established
there and in Bloemfontein, Tho Boers are
proving that they can grow with the
rest of the world and with their splendid
qualities, whatever the result of the war
may be, they will be an important factor
in the further progress of South Africa.

The Untversity Scholarship Problem

The innovation announced in the Yale
Divinity Sehool requiring recipients of
beneficiary aid to render certain services
in return for the assistance received,
brings up again the remarkable change in
the attitude taken by some leading educa-
tors toward pecuniary help to indigent
students seeking an education, They are
setting their faces, not only against the
promiscuous and jnjudicious distribution
of money to young men untried or proved
to be of little worth, but also against the
awarding of scholarships and other recom-
penses to students who have simply proved
theirscholarly superiority over their fellows
after severe tests, More
studies, they hold, is no ground for reward;
the student who applies for help must earn
his edueation, and feel that he is earning it
by some sort of practical “work.” Other-
wise he deteriorates in character in some
degree, and forms wrong ideas about life
in the world outside.

Their views are gaining ground and de-
servegreater publicity and fuller discussion
than they Lave yet received, The leader in
this, as in most of the educational reforms
of the present generation, is President
Cuarktes WILLIAM Exior of Harvard Col-
lege, now no longer the “young” Prest-
dent, but the veteran with thirty years’
experience, The most outspoken statement
of the question has becn made by President
ABKTHUR TWINING Havugy of Yale Univer-
sity, the latest addition tothe progressive

was made emohati-
ribadelross {the eetion

exeoilence in

heads of colleges. {t
cally in W's ian
just taken is the direet sequel of his speech,
Their ideas are noteworthy because they
are at variance not merely with those of
many past benefactors of colleges and of
luany persons now making ready to help
them, but with the practice of the colleges
themselves in making known as widely as
possible, with the object of attracting stu-
dents, the means at their disposal for giving
pecuniary and other assistance to compe-
tent young men who cannot pay for their
education.

It runs counter, too, to the distinctively
American and very general notion that
education should be free; or at least, that
{fa poor boy has the brains to take in the
best education the country can give, lack
of money must not bar him fromm it. That
notion has given us American free
publle school system which in some States
has been carried far as to include
university teaching; it has given us our
free publie libraries and it has led,
too, to the foundation and endowment
of academies providing cheap or free
{netruction, and to the pouring in upon
our colleges of private benefactiona, in
number and in amount far beyond what
gifts for secular purposes any other
country can show, Yet these highly
trained educators find dangers in the idea
and evils in the system,

The primary object of the founders of
most divinity schools in this country, par-
ticularly the earlier ones, Waa not so much
to turn out learned theologians as to sup-
ply the congregations with efficient pastors,
Had it not been that ministers were needed
Harvard and Yale might have waited long
before a reason for their existence was dis-
covered, To young men declaring an inten-
tion to become ministers aid has usually
been given with a lavish hand rather than
with diserimination, President Enror
found the Harvard Divinity Sehool en-
cumbered with unworthy parasites on
jts bounty. Their “godliness” the col-
lege had no practical means of testing,
their “knowledge” it could, and the fear
of examination papers soon them
away. Later, by the ingenious method
of increasing the tuition fees to the level
of those in the other departments of the
university, the Corporation the
dignity” of the and removed
from it the last trace of “pauperism.” The
number of graduates yearly, however, is
very 6mall, and New England would be in
a deplorable state if it bad only Harvard to
count upon for its supply of pastors, At
Yale mere examination tests have not
seemed sufficient and the plan is to provide
work for necessitous students, The work
projected, however, is 80 much in the line
of practical preparation for the student's
career, that at first sight, it would seem as
though men who can pay their way were
placed at a disadvantage in) comparison
| with the poorer men who are ‘to eon-
| duct missions, to teach Sunday sehool
clasaes, visit the lospitals and the poor and
to preach sermons,”

No auch difleuities have been felt any-
where with other professional schools, be-
enuae in them little bas been done to help
poor students, [t is inexplicable why the
training of doctors of medicine, a profes.
sion which nowadays calls upon its mem-
} bers for greater self-sacrifice and more gra-
| tultous service to the public than any
| other, should not appeal to people who wish
to leave their money for public objects
| The catalogues of the n
| avhools, however, show very

our

a0

drove

“raised

school

merous medical
ew bequests
| for scholarsiiips

In the academic departments assistance
is given in the form of
of scholarships to young men of high
rank and of good conduct. At Harvard
College, whieh is richest in endowed si holar-
ships, they are looked upon by the students
as the reward of work wel! dh
faculty as an hones
recipients, whose

 

tuition or

he and by the
upon the
scholar-

onferred
Ditties
ships they have reesived

With thi

are printed in an
honor list. So far fiom its beng regarded
a degradation to hold one. th

young as obtained a scholarship on
such terms is esteemed a juark of ability
and character, The subsequent career of
such holders of seholarships will be found
probably to be more than usually creditable,

There is no dobt, however, that individu.

fact that a
man }

SS

what it is his own self-interest to do, ,
namely, to make the best possible use of |
his opportunities. In this, President Exror
finds a demoralizing tendency. While the
Harvard Corporation still awards the defi-
nite scholarships solely for scholarship, in
distributing the large gifts for the same pur-
pose of assisting needy youth bequeathed
to it with leas restriction, it exacts ser-
vices from the recipients in return, The
work devised is usually of little use either
to the student or to the college, but serves
the purpose of making the young man feel
that he is earning his way and not re-
ceiving a favor; the principle for which
charity bureaus maintain woodyards. — It
is too early to judge of the moral effect on
the student of this method, but it has been
applied With a marked difference by Prest-
dent Hapukry to the Yale Divinity Sehool.
About the academic departments, however,
apprehension is slight; the immediate
problem that perplexes the college Pres!-
dents is in the graduate schools.

The graduate schools are a new develop-
ment. Like all infant industries they need
fostering, At Harvard every nerve has
been strained to make the school successful,
The instructors have given their time and
work lavishly and in great part without
nioney compensation, The Corporation has
provided it with what scholarships and fel-
lowships it could divert legally from Hare
vard College, in some cases coming danger
ously near overstepping the line. Every
effort is made to attract graduates of other
colleges to Cambridge and to make their
life there pleasant, These efforts are more
than laudable for their object is to raise
as high as possible the highest American
education, The other universities are inthe
same way trying their best to advance
their graduate schools. An unforeseen and
unfortunate development, however, has
come from their friendly rivalry and they
are now worrying about the demoraliza-
tion of graduates. Following on the busi-
ness college President we have, it seems,
the business scholar, The brilliant grad-
uate knows that a dozen universities
will want him; he collects their cata-
logues and applies to the one offering
the richest fellowship, Sometimes to make
sure he makes application to all and selects
the one that makes him the best offer.
The harm in this is that he makes his choice
according to the money he can get and
not according to the scientific advantages
offered, A class of well-educated tramps
seems to be forming, scientific twentieth
century Goliards, ready to wander from
one university to another, acquiring knowl-
edge, but putting off their plunge into the
world’s life. The university Presidents
are therefore perplexed. The graduate
schools would be crippled without the
acholarshtps, for the best men they draw
noed of these than are
Yet unworthy ap-

 

are inmeven greater
diost undergraduates,
plicants appear and urge the allurements
of the university's advertisement. The
university governing boards will be com-
pelled to reach some conclusion soon on the
ethics of assisting education with money,
und the recently formed Association of
Graduate Schools will probably take
practical action in the matter.

Will the idea that education hag a money
value and therefore cannot be imparted
gratuitously without detriment to the
recipient's manliness prevail over the older
belief that educationis so great a good that
it is for the benefit of the public to make it
us free as uir for those who are fitted to
receive it?

|
|
Liliuokalani Once More in the Senate,
|

The debate on the Hawailan bill was at-
tended by two somewhat interesting incl-
dents. The first was an attempt to vindi-
eate the old Poliey of Infamy; the second,
an attempt to take a quarter of a million
dollars out of the United States Treasury
for the benefit of Mrs. Domrnts, who is seid
to be just now in Washington in consulta-
tion with attorneys.

The swift changes wrought by time are
impressively iNustrated when we remem-
bev that it Is scarcely halfa dozen years
since the energies of a Federal Aduiinistra-
tion and the whole machinery of the De-
partment of State, supported bya consider-
ablefaction In Congress and inthe country,
were actively engaged in an effort to over-
throw the Hawaiian Republie and to
re’stablish the throne of the woman who
threatened to behead the leaders of the
revolution if she ever got them into her
power. It is a sufficient commentary to
say that the sole surviving euloyist of the
Policy of Infamy, the one man in the
Senate to-day to defend the historic enter.
prise of Mr. CLEVELAND, Judge GRrsHAM
and Paramount BLouN?, is PETTIGREW of
South Dakota,

It was not PerTiGbEw, however, but Sen-
ator CLABK of Wyoming who proposed
that the United States Government should
pay to LILIVOKALANT $250,000 fn a lump
sun for her “right” in the so-called crown
lands of Hawaii, The Cullom bill declares
that the portion cf the publie domain here.
teofore known as crown land belonged to
the Hawaiian Government at the thme of
annexation and is now clear and free from
all claim, and subject to such use as may be
provided by the laws of the United States,
Mr. Chan, with the support of one or two
Senators, offered an
this provision;

amendment adding

“and the sum of $250,000 is hereby appropriated,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to be paid LiLivok Lat, late Queen
of the Hawalian Islands, for all right, claim or tn-
terest she may have orcliim to have in orto the said
crown lands herein mentioned, the same to be palu
by the Secretary of the Treasury upon the execution
of proper deeds of relinguishment by said Lintve
Ratant. Aud provided further, that eaid anm of
$250,000 shall, to that amount, be acharge upon the
reventies of said lands, and shall be repatd to the
United States from the revenues of said lands in
five equal annual payments.” |

A few well-directed questions brought |
out the facets that even when the lands in |
question were crown lands LIproKaLANt |
had no title to them; that her interest in
them, as reigning Queen, extended only to
the revenues from them; and that when she
ceased to be Queen she ceased to have any
elaim upon the reve The proposition
simply to pay her a bonus, or doucen

nue
was
or consolation
for dethronement, wid to pay thesame out
of the United States Treasury, Mr. Jonps

of Arkansas very sensibly remarked

purse, or compensation

‘One difficulty about this, it oceura to me, is that
the billseema to be a recognition Inthe OQneen of the
ownership of the lands. [tis on that eronnd that we
propose to make a one-sided trade, without ber eur
sent, and to give her $250,000, If she does not take
itehe came back and say that we having recog
niged that sheowns these jands, eheis entitled (>

nie

the million and a balf or two millions and a half
that they are Worth, Now, if these lands belonged to
the Queen, thatie one thimg, If they belonged to

the crown, that isanotber thing’

If Mrs, DoMINIS still possesses any equity
in the revenue from theold crown lands, the |
proper place for her claim is the courte of |
Hawaii, with appeal to the courts of the
United States; and it would have been fool-
ish in the extreme for the Senate to vote,

 

  
 

on sentimental! considerations, an appropri-
ation which would amount to a tacit revogni-
tion of some legal right on her part.

The Senate, therefore, voted down Mr.
CLARK'S amendment, leaving to Mrs. Domi-
Nis all tho rights to sue which belong to her
as a private citizen, As Queen of Hawaii
it was undoubtedly her last appearance in
the Senate of the United States.

 

|

The Dying Lobster,

It can be said without disrespect that
Massachusetts is a lobster State. Her
Waters produce and fier people consume or
send to other markets an immense collec.
tion of lobsters, Unfortunately, apprecia-
tion of the gifted crustacean there and in too
mInany places elsewhere is out of all relation
to the supply. There is no time for this
model of marine construction to attain its
growth. The ravenous “potter” whips
the lobsterkin from home and he is butch-
ered to make a holiday for lobsters of a
different variety.

What is the kitchen without a live lob-
ster tumbling on the floor? What is the
principal occupation of the inhabitants of
thistown? Eating lobsters in public. The
time seems near when New York will con-
tain fow buildings but restaurants, and in
these excited crowds will tear one another,
the cooks and the lobsters, in the desire to
obtain one of these too rare birds. Whole
avenues of lobster houses there are already
where miles of lobsters are offered in a
hundred forms,

The prudent Japanese hangs up lobsters
as ornaments. The American must have
them as decorations of his interior but ina
more costly and destructive way. If
human population only gained less rapidly
or lobster population more! If people
would only get into the habit of swigging
milk with their lobsters, the inequality
between the two races might
moved and lobster preponderance be es-
tablished, If the
eat candy lobsters form
pledged to abstain from this mainstay
of life and of the eating houses except
one hour a year, the lobster relief move-
ment might become more practical. In the
case of canned lobsters the ptomaines
sometimes perform acts of wild justice, but
not In numbers, There are too many peo-
ple and too few lobsters; and that is the
problem for the settlement of which hu-
inanity yearns,

Every year the cruel ery for lobsters
brings new efforts to cut down the existing
supply and hasten the work of extermina-
tion, There is before the Massachusetts
Legislature the usual bill to change from
ten and one-half to nine inches the lowest
limit of size at which lobsters ean be sold
A howl of horror has gone up from lobster-

a |
|

ead

be re

lobster caters would

or societies

eating Boston, Somethin
ful than the pypsy wot the Bngiis
sparrow, or the hell of war in tue tropics,
has come to stir the Bostunians with real
passion. The lobster must be protected,
“Why,” writesan indignant lobster fancier,
“what will become of the human race when
the lobster is no more? There will be noth-
ing elaetoeat. People will get so frantic
that they will rend and devour GaMALIFL
BRADrORD and the whole Boston gang of
anti-imperiatists

If this prospeet of savage ren

nore

shi Were

 

true, the lovers of the lobater would feel
that even in a loss so great there would be
some grain of compensation. We pity the

sufferer who gets a cut of the Hon. Witniam
Luorp Garrison. In such stern whime-
sicalities may the world strive to forget
the lessening ranks of lobsters and the
vision of a lobster famine,

 

Le Gallienne Acknowledges Markham,

Mr. MARKHAM is having more
than fame. He is wandering
about the country like an ancient rhaps
dist, repeating and commentating on }
“Man with the Hoe.” No publie dinner

Epwin

his fill of

no sociological discussion, wei omiiht
say scarcely a sewing circle, fs con.
sidered complete without the presence
of the Californian poet, reciting
himself and annotating himself, Seldom
does a poet garner so much glory

in his lifetime; and we are glad to beable
to say heartily that Mr. Markuaw de-
serves much of it. Most of his product
smacks of the lamp, and a man ourht to
be content to be something of a poet with-
out being regarded as a philosopher or a
reformer; but since Victor Hrao thought
he was everybody, an all-round genius,
there is no reason why Mr. Marknaw
should not think himself somebody. He
has written some verse of distinetion and
imagination.

Now Fortune has given Mr. Warkaam
anew happiness. Mr. Rrcnarp Lr Ganni-
ENNE, whois remembered by his hair more
than by his works, has written an appreei-
ation of the Californian and “ wishes grate-
fully to acknowledge that Mr. MARKHAM is
a poet.” To be sure, Mr. MARKHAM has not
“rhythmie power” and “rhythmie life”
and the want of the latter Is ‘the

 

 

most

fundamental disability fron: whieh a poet
can suffer.” From how many most funda-
mental disabilities a writer can suffer and
still be a poet, Mr. Lis GaALLionsn fails to
tell us; but he does tell us, with a
graceful dive into mythology, that
“all living poetry, like the walls of
Thebes, is built of music.” It scarcely
needed a critic from London to remind

Mr. Markiaw
etudent of his eraft, of
* Rorasc nip would ;

Who las evidently been a
that. In tl

ive his gold for this,”

© line

Mr. Le Gannienne objects Ror
BC HILD.” Mipasor Phevres if vou must,’
but never RorHscitLp., Mri Gannsennt
will bo elassteal or nothing torH.
SCHILD” is less hackneyed than the pro-
posed substitutes, although it is hackneyed
enough, and breathes of Brvanism and
sociology, whieh are dear to Mr. Mank-
HAMS lieart
But it Is useless to follow Mr. Le Gaur
ENNE in detail, It is enoush that he has
gracefully aeeepted Mir. MARKHAM as a
poet. Mr. Marita should as gracefully
vecent him, Woe stupree something bogin-
hing thu |
Bowed by the borden of his lock. hb 4a }
Hefore the ‘ it} |
rhe emptiness of pace fart |
4 ‘ nid ’ ke f hisnam
Give the biog ! with the Pen due |
acknowledgment of favors recoives |
If G Jorn WHEELER hos decided to run
for Congr ss again without getting a leonses
from the Hon, Jog Beiney, another war is
hateh.nx |
The President of the Boston School Board |
issolito aay that “it ma ( us ot
tioned if Boston isnot a el 1) devenerat v4
Thisistukingtoogrimay Vette per |
of tbe members of oy ww Png und by rot |
the Antdi-lmper cist heagoe There are tow of |
them.and even il they ma edeseribe | core |
reetly as polities! db goa grates, still they ara

property classifled as cranks, plain and

The Re. Mr. SHELDON'S enthusiasm, di-
vorced from good taste and reveronee, has led
him to boom a Topeka newspaper by editing it |

 

’
for a week “as Jesvs would do.” Now an

Atchison paper Is to be published for a weok
“asthe Devil would ran it.” We should think
this parody of his too adventurous enterprise
ought to convince the excellent Mr. SHELDON
of the impropriety of his undertaking.

The Hon. RICHARD FRANKLIN PETTIGREW
is not content with doting upon AGUINALDo
and insisting that the Americans decamp from
the Philippines, He demands that the Ameri-
caus shall decamp from Hawaii also, If this
remarkable character's notions were followed
there would soon be nothing left of the United
States except Sioux Falls, 8. D.

RT RE NR NTL

IN SOUTH AFRICA,

 

The most important items in the despatch
from Lord Roberts given out by the British
War Office yesterday are those referring to the
moving away of the Boers from Stormberg and
the falling rains that are improving the pas-
ture for the horses and transport animals, The
evacuation of the position at Stormberg@ was @
thiug to be expected at any moment once the
British occupied Jamestown to the east and
the retreat from Arundel through Coles-
berg to Norvals Pont was decided on.
The force now left in front of Gen, Gatacre is
probably only a strong rear guard to mask the
retirement of the main body of the commandos
there and at Burghersdorp to Bethulie, and
eventually to Bloemfontein to join the army
assembling there or in the neighborhood, In
a few days the whole of the Boer force south of
the Orange River should be back in the Free
State and well on their way north. What its
etreneth may be is unknown, but with the ac-
cessions it has received from the occupied dis-
triets in Cape Colony it should number several
thousands, and will be a valuable addition to
the foree under Gen, Botha and the others
facing Lord Roberts. There is no doubt, how-
ever, that the failure of the expected rising in
Cape Colony has been a disappointment to the
republican leaders, as it was fully calculated
onatthe beginning of the war, The only ones
who seemed mistruatful of it were President
Kroger, Gen. Joubert and one or two others,

A despatch from Ladysmith gives an account
of the work done by the Boers intheir attempt
to dam the Klip River below the town with the
intention of flooding it out. The retreat of the
Boer rear guard appears to have been somewhat
precipitate, as they are said to have left coa-
siderable quantities of food, saddles and
other things bebind them, The fact that the
Britisti besieged force had been liv.
ing on the cavairy and artillery horses
prevented any attemptat immediate pursuit,
and so the whole force got away unmolested,
The first troops to come in contact with the
Doers retiring into the Orange Free State were
the Natal police, who had askirmish with them
at esters, twenty-one miles from Ladysmith
up the ratiway to Van Reenens Pass, suffering
only a slight loss, In what direction the
bulk of the Boer forea went ie not yet
definitely known, but probably a considerable
portion of it was directed into the Freo Btate,
the rest with the heavy guns taking the road to
Laings Nek forthe Transvaal. The rains that
have now setin will make the work of trane-
port diMeult, as, though they may bethe means
of improving the feeling of the horsea and
cathe, Operations will be somewhat impeded
by the baduess of the roads and the swelling of
the rivers,

Facts Not Often Heard About the Boers,

The Duteb settledin Oape Colony nearly twenty
years before the Pilgrim Fathers landed on Ply
mouth Rock and Lave been there ever since. It was
in the first year of the seventeenth century that the
betel Bast Indies Company landed the first party
of Duteh fs whatis now Cape Colony Soin

 

lers at

this present fateful year the Dateh are completing
the third century of theic sojournin South Africa,
It was not) liowever, till 1651 that they erected a

forton the present site of Cape Town

Numerically, the Boers are the predominating
white eloment in South Aftica, They aretwoand a
half thes as numerous a6 all the british settlers in
untry. Three-fitths of the population of Cape
Colony are Boers, As many Boers live in that
colony aa in the two republica together. Cape Town
hus a large Boer popniation. The citizens of Port
Klizabeth boast that thelr town is the most British
in the colony because very few Boers live there,

Holland did what very few colonial powers are
williug to do after a good many of their citizens
have gone to a far country to live still: under the
She gold out all her interests in Cape
Colony for cash. As one result of European wars
bugland secured a foothold at the Cape end
foally.in 1814, fora consideration of $15,000,000,
Holland relinquished to Eugland her entire evlonial
claims in Cape Oolony.

the «

home flag

Progrum too Much for a Reformer,
To THE Epiron or Tur Sux—Sir: In the spelling

ofan individual word, pregram tor programme, the

publie has widely adopted @ reformed spelling; and
vet perhops unfortunately, Among spelling re
formors thomselves the a in thia word has its sound
respect d. but anong people at large there ie a
tendoney, when the tinal meis dropped, to obscure
the aceu ling to the regular Buglish usage. In
tlegram, Joram, Ke, the accout is @ eyllable re-
moved, Which allows the last syllable to bear a

secondary accent and preserves ite vowel from be
coming neutral, With program, however, it is
otherwise, and so the pronunciation “progrum” is
creeping in, It will be unpleasant until we get nsed
to it—that is, if it prevails

I believein spelling reform, and I believe that be
foro the year 2000 it will triumph; but whether itis
accomplish d gradually or zen saltum, there will
directly result from it more or less change of pro-

nunciation, This te something worth foresceing
Minen 1, N.. EK,
Old Soldiers, O14 Drummers.

To ie Fprron ov Tae Sun—Sir) In reading your
article inte lays sus. “Old Menand Young Men tn
War, your couclausions are the same in kind aathose
at whieh T alined some time ago with relation to
rien tin other walks of life, especially the profes
gions and business men would also ipelude "dram
mers.” tou which number T have for many years
belonved, It isthe men of ability and exporience

with fAculiies Well preserved always ronng mn beart
not always so in years Who are best Atted for ae

cessful business, Tam aware that this view does

not meet the populir feeliig, but itisin accordance

with my observation COL. Backs,
Asbuover, Conn, March J

A Calendar Clock to Pit This Vear,

  

To mH Foiorn or Tar Sux—Sir> T notice in
ver pap rot Tuesday acommiunteation in relation
to caten lar keosgned SW. Baleh. which states
as follows
On Thess tay mornit the Istof March, every
J one Wao possesses an @utoma iv calendar clock will
rhtivs fwthiul tun pleee pointing to the 2eth of
I r
M web it nnaturaily based his conclusion
yen tl fact ut Febroar f the year 100,
whteh w ldordinartly be a leap year. only con
tains 2s aye, wad t urtheor save that the clock

makers would doubtless Dave contrived their

 

' ’ to avord hide dhecrepancy, if te
Dwith such frocueney as te be worth while,
Hatitnever arias oftener than once in a century
md willnott pen avaon for 200 veers

1) so larve cabo near vk in which the maker
' il focal contingenctes, for che cal
n te roorninyu from Feb 2s
! Tha I the lock twelve veare and
ti leap yo aeaitabwas rded the 2h
' wh t leer fully nirived

niecha idem deserve ho PuoMAs CAND Wert

MinosnN.Y.M i

sScnator Tillman and South Carolina,
>vue Eprror or Tur Sus r Lathe Little tile
ie tor?) n of South 1 hal with Senator
I Spooner Vi win gy the die nmasion onthe
Hawaiten bill. he said that the pe ple ’ South
Carolinain their ¢ ition ha done their level
boatto prevent the nurger frou voting, aud what T
ask you to do te toyive the Kanakaa and Portuguese
oft Hawaiian Islands the sane power of suffrage

as we in Sout sarod la @yiven the niggere,

Dy we is rica + Senator of the new
stamp cannot meiu to ined le iven of the old stamp
of » Wade Hampion,& Deniocrat ard an ex Con

lerate, wh waa rentioman, and too high
md ltotabea Au wivanteve of the negro

ib bine kgnard ng 1 ve i ® lauguave fa
tongh, inthe senate of ¢ Ur To states, Where he
represemted lis State for a ann berot years,

The we for whom Tillman stands are not the oul.
tivatedand honorable white people of South Caro

lina with whom he haa no assvciaou, bat an elo.

ment which believes in force, murder and black
guards, in overriding and trampling under foot
the riwhtsof othersand bosstinu ofit. Theo renne
ment aud real civilization of South Carolina are not
represented in the Senate of the United States by this
vulgar orator, andthe ‘niggers’ whom he_ berates
ao uneparingly can well afford “to + ™ the
merey of thetr stieuce,”” doux
ALaawy, March 8,

SSS SSS ss = sss ss SS SSS sss ses ls snes

 

THE NEW CONVENTION TOWN.

Good Words for Kansas City

To THe Enrtron or Tue Sun—Sir: I was
in New York city one yeer prior to coming to
Kansas City, I have always as in American
felt proud of New York city. I found it to be
the cleanest city in the United States, and I
have seen them all. The New York police are
certainly the finest, I often wondered how
they could keep themselves so clean. I never
askedone of them for information but I felt
like taking off my hat to him for his kind and
considerate manner. I met Capt. Price and
found him to be a manly man and a gentle-
man. In New York no one ever asked me how
Iliked New York, The people there think it is
the only place, and if the residents of a city are
satisNed and happy every one else can afford to
be. One of my greatest pleasures was to have
Tuk Sun to read every morning.

Arriving in Kansas City in August last, I
found the days very hot, but each night cool
and pleasant. There are three hotels here
that are as fine as any hotels in the United
States, There are anumber of hotels here run
on the European plan where rou can get a
largo, well-ventilated room with good beds
at 50 and 75 cents per night. Chicago, St.
Louis, Kansas City and Denver surpass any
of the Eastern cities for good, well-kept cheap
restaurants, There are a number of restau.
rants in Kansas City where you ean get a
breakfast consisting of beef steak, coffee, corn
and wheat breai, potatoes and hot cakes and
the price is 15 centa, They are far superior
to the corresponding coffee houses of New
York. When you order coffee the waiter does
not shout “Draw one!” The city is kept clean,
but, of course, the soft coal smoke soils one’s
nen very rapidly

The business men in Kansas City are affable
and easy of approach and they make you feel
at home and comfortable. I found them the
same in Now York, Tho street car service
here is cable and electric, and while the service
fa good it is rapidly being enlarged and
improved,

Kighty per cent. of the neople who come to
the convention will be lodged and fed at the
every-day prices. Kansas City entertains many
thousands of people during the fall festivities
and thereis never anyextortion. I resided in
Philadelphia during the Centennial and since
then have met people in all parts of the United
States who were at Philadelphia and thy
always speak highly of thatecity, It will be the
6ame of Kansas City, The business people here
and the public men all transact business in
euch a way that you and they lose sight of the
dollar,

I am sure that if Tie Sun will wait and
render its verdict after the convention, you
will as an American be proud of Kansas City
and do her justice J. BE, Payne,

Kansas City, March 1,

 

HXPANSION,

A Former Democratic Opponent Turns to
Its Support.
From the Catcago Times-Herald,

Jobu Temple Graves of the Atlanta Journal, Dem-
ocrat, noted orator. Presidential Elector aud a
thorough-going Southern man, isan ardent expan-
Bionist. To a representative of the Times- Herald Mr.
Groves sad yesterd

‘Onthe dthda of uly, 18¥4-—-the day after Cer-
Vera's destruction -1 was the orator of the Jefferson
celebration at Augusta, (fa., and expressed an ear-
nest opposition on moral grounds to the permanent
holding of territory in the Philippines or Cuba.

"Why have I changed my opinion since that time?
Because conditions have chanwed and the point of
view is materially altered and enlarged,

“Among all the voices great or emall that are de
manding so loudly that we should not hold on ia
the Philippines I bave not beard one of them de-
seri bea reasonable, honorable and practicable way in
which we can letgo, Forthe time being it is abso
lutely imperative that we should hold on, and no
wise mun can limit the time, the way or the condi
tione under which we could safely and dutifully
withdraw to our own credit or to the real and perma-
nent welfare of the islands.

“I accept expansion as a fact—an accomplished
fact. It is nolonger a question. We have already
expanded

“Tn advance of the political action of the Demoe-
racy, I protest agalostthe folly of antagonizing the
Great world movement now under way,

“Whatever the agitators may declare, I have good
reasons to belteve from wide travel and contact with
the people all over the country that the great body
of American oativenship i8 in fuvor of expansion.
1 know that the native-born American and the
thowahtfnl men of the South hold this view,

‘The Democracy's chances of success for the com-
ing campaign are not particularly radiant, anyway,
aud to asenme a position of violent opposition to the
Greater America is stmply to hold open arms to dis
aster”

Fear asa Just Cause of War,

To tas Epivor of Ta) Sus — Sir Sir Francie
Bacon in bis essay on Empire and Government lays
down this principle: For there ig no jnestion, but
a just fear ofan imminent danger, though there be
no blow given, is a lawful cause of War.”

As this seems at once unsound and dangerous and
with the present state of Parope in mind, I should
like to be informed, if at any timo and by any
Government, this has been accepted as a principle?

It is interesting to note that Maobiavelll held the
tame opinion and expressed himself strongly on the
subject ina chapter of his ' Prince.”

Texeno Pang, N.Y. Grones R. Preston, Ja.

Philadelphia's Guarantee Fund.

To THE Eprron or Tur Scx— Sir In
“Various Plans for Philadelphia's Relief” yon eay:
“Tt is estimated that 49,000 persons —28.000 going
east or west, and 12,000 north or south—traverse
the ground floorand courtyard of the Philadelphia
City Hall Building each day. A contribution of one
cent apiece Woull yield $400 @ day or $2,600 @
week, and $8¥,000 up to the date of the National
Convention on June 19."

On the pinnacle of the Public Building stands one
William Penn, «4 fat and wealthy-looking citizen,
He hae declined to give one singlecent. If the citl-
zen at the top of the heap, who occupies a continu
Ous position, refuses toanbseribe one cont, how oan
the transient pigmies beneath be expected to aub-
seribe’? Orisit acaseof “Piemios will be pigimies,
thouch perched on Alps?” Rovrrt 8, Briowt

Privapecruta, March 2.

Tar Son's

A Lay of the Ancients.

Cupid from the notebook of a youthful reader of the
closes,
I dreamed I wandered ‘mongst the shades
Of those gone long avo to Hades,
And I would fain repeat the name
And deeds of those well known to fame

Chief oratorin all thos scenes

i warrant was great Demosthencs

Who made lis sf hes to the throng
Without a atutter, ail day doug.
While wiser far than all lis mates
Tua just aa sure Was Wise Socrates,
Who taught here, feari 38 fthe lip

He vot when living with Nantippe,
And living still within bis means
Was economic Diogenes,

Who, having found an honest man,
Had swapped his lantern fora fan
IT wandered to the ballroom flour,

And there I saw tair Terpsichore,

Who danced amidst a hundred matds
None sweeter than the sweet Pleiades
Aud bone to me were quile so nice,
Among then all, as bt

In that department wh bhides
The court of justice, Arist les

Was seated on a front bench high,
And apoke to mo asl passe! by,

And busy atill upou his deeds

Of science wae qreat A chimedes

Beyond the limita of the schools

Armong the athletos was Hl ules,

The strong inau of the show, you bet,

And one a fellow can't forget

Alonuside, drossed in ata! trimmed frills,

Ieaw the warrior bolu Achilles,

Aud near hing weeping, iy a role

Of sombre shaps, wl Nob

A lady who haa wept ao mu

It makes one ery to think of such

Now wandering on, my sucht reveals

he famons ac tlptor P tels

Withe vee. drawn, he's making terma,

lwee Paculpt @rothor Hermes,

wl tas Tl wand red in my d

And met at every turn a stream

Of famous and tlustrious -hade

Iohabiting ihe realm of Hades,

Who seemed t) be quite satiated

Aud ehowe. me roun! be place w.th pride
Wittus J, Lamprom,

wat

eal

a

  

TEA,

 

A Card From the Commissioner of the
Ceylon Government,

To THe Eprror or Tue SuN—Sir: In your
issue of Feb, 24 you published an editorial on
the "Growth ofthe Tea Industry in Assam.”
Would you permit me afew remarks on the
subject of “the growth of tea in British Colo»
nies, and its consumption in different couns

tries,”

In 1883 Ceylon exported 1,000,000 pounds;
for 1900 the estimate is 135,000,000 pounds, an
actual, although fabulous increase perhaps
unprecedented in the history of agricultural
industry

Yousay; “Great Britain and her colonies
have withdrawn two-thirds of their trade from
China and given it tothe British East Indies,”
which in this matter includes Ceylon,

The actual consumption of China tea in Brite
ain has declined from 126,000,000 pounds to
about 15,000,000 pounds, while Australia,
which a few years ago drew all her teas from
China, now takes 24,000,000 pounds from Cey+
lon and India out of the 27,000,000 pounds
consumed,

You quote Russia as still faithful to China
tea, Russian tea firms established agencies ia
Ceylon in 1807 and during that year bought
and shipped from Ceylon 500,000 pounds; in
TStS, 28,500,000 pounds, and in TSH, 3,200,000
younds, an etght-fold increase in two years,
fussia also bought extensively of Ceylon tea in
London during those years, so that the above
figures do not show the entire consumption of
machine-made teas in Russia, nor do they
show that Russia is faithful to China in the
matter of tea.

Inthe United States and Canada the cons
sumption of Ceylon and India ten haa risen
from 7,7)/2.185 pounds in DS05-18)4) to 13.G0M,«
GOO pounds in 1SUR-INMH, or an inerease oO
74.1 per eent. in four years, During the same
time the consumption ot China and Japan teas
fell from 105,800,58b pounds in [805-1806 te
§1.600,000) pounds in TSUM- ISK, or a decrease
of 21.58 percent.

Tho use of scientifie machinery to any great
extent which you speak of and which has
made possible the manufacture of better
teas has been found impracticable in
China because the native gartens are
so amall, while in Ceylon and India they
run from huodreda to thousands of acres,
Ktatistics show that it does not pay to erect
machinery unless a garden covers at least
150 acres. Asan illustration I need only come
vare the great wheat and corn flelds of the
Vert with the small farms of the East. How
could a farmer East with his thirty or forty
acres, more or less, afford to purchass and
operate the expensive machinery neeled to
harvest the wheat and corn crops grown upon
farmsin the West, which comprise thousands
of acres?

China, in my opinion, will never regain it
lost tea prestige until the gardens are combine
into large tea estates and operated on ecien-
tifle pripciples.

As to Japan, she is now finding that there Is
a new Richmond in the fleld in the shape of
Ceylon and India green teas, Heretofore the
prises grown teas have come Into competition
argely with China black teas. Now the
planters in Ceylon and India are turning their
attention to uncolored green teas, and the
samples and advance shipments which have
arrived here have met with the approval of ex
perts, , WinntaM MacKenzie,

Tea Commissioner for the Ceylon Govera-
ment,

 
  

 

IN THE ARTILLERY,

 

PROMOTION

 

Expert Remarks on One Feature of the
Proposed Scheme of Reorganization,

To THE Epiron or Tue Sun—Sir; I note
with satisMfetion and interest your comments
upon the proposed reorgantzation of the Artil-
lery now under eopsideration by Congress,
You take exception to that part of it which
would promote one-third of the officers by
merit, beginning from the rank of Captain, Is
thie you are entirely correct, If a thoroughly
impartial and capable board could be found te
do this work, and if it were possible to ascer-
tain beyond a doubt where the rea! merit ex-
isted, this might accomplish some good; but
even then this is doubtful, Granted that a
young oMcer could be rushed to the rank of
Major or Colonel from a young Captain, would
his authority over his recent seniors be as ef-
fective as it should be? This is also extremely

doubtful. The good expected from such Na-
leonic promotions would be more than neu-
ralized the diseantisfaction and disconten’

that would be created,

My long experience of overthirty yeara asa
keen observer of these mattervs has made me
sceptical as to any good whatever resulting
from this proposed method of promotion.

Do we not all know that, with here and there
avery rare exception (and I challenge conutrae
diction), every Judge Advocate, Commissary
Quartermaster, Paymaater, Adjutant-General
or Inspector has obtained his place by a politi-
cal pull? Would it be any different if every
third officer was promoted for alleged merit?
@stensibly all staff appointments have been
made in consideration of this so-called merit,

No, the old way is the only just way, and if
our Secretary o, War had known how this
poiag has worked for the last third of acen-
tury hg would not acvoray this roposed sys~
tem of maric I feel sure, Inthe Navy there {ts
no selection, asarule, for the higher grades,
a4 we have ns good a bedy of officers in that
branch of the service as can be found in the
world. If it is claimed tbat the dullard geta up
{n the higher gradvs.thie could be prevented b
4: ore rigid examination for every grade au
dro sping out the unméritorious, HaRo.p.
New You, March 3

British War Office’s Maps,

From tie London Davy News,

Asurvey in Natal was male by Captain Geant
ham, R.F., tn 1491. It wae published by the
Topographical Department of the War Office im
186%, tho published map beiug on the acale of 06
miles to the Inoh, Lt was issued in two forme—
in outline and with bill-ehading, The hills om
the latter edition are very carefully sheded, and
give a vivid idea of the monutainons character of
tue northern districta of the Colony. The part
round the much disputed Bpion Kop is shown ia
considerable detail, and one can very clearly under
stand, after a careful examination of this part of
the map, the immense diMfculties encountered by
our troops in cliinbing up—in the face of the Bow
fire-euch precipitous slopes The height of this
mountain {is given as 4,766 feet, and as the Tugela
River at thie point is probably about 8,200 fees
above the level of the sea, Spion Kop rises considan
ably over 1,000 feet above the river,

Iu December, 1X80, the Intelligence Division of
the War Office issued their sketch map of the coun-
try round Ladysmith, and although Spion Kop ta in-
cludedin the area of the wap, itis neither named
nor indicated. Anew editiouof this map has just
been issued, and Spion Kop and other names which
have cropped up during the progres@ of Buller’s
movementa are now shown, but it ta cleam
that in December last our Intelligence Divie
ston did not know the positions of Spiom Kop,
Brakfontein, Potgieter's Drift, Trichard’s Drift,
Kranty Kloof, &c. In preparing this map the
War Office topographers not only overlooked thissum
vey by one of their own officers, Dut they aleo over-
looked another good imap 0° Natal by P. C. Butben
land, which was published in London in 1875, This
map slows the names and limits of a'l the farme ip

the Colony, and Brakfontein, Krantz Kloof, Spion
Kop. &e, are all correctly located, Since the first
fasue of the Ladysmith map, Sutherland's farm

map has evidently been brought before the notice of
the Intelligence Division, the revise l ed tion of
thoir map now giving the farni names iu the same

positions as on Sutherland s map
How Mr. Purcell Came to Write the Life of
Cardinal Manning.

From the Athineeum
In a foot-notein Vol. Il. of the “Life and Letters of
Ambrose P. de Lisle” we adefunct paper
whore name has been since appropriated with much
better resulta
The Westminster Gazette
Purcell,

read of

was edited be Mr B.S,
De Lisle frequently wrote in its piges, and
in the hope of carrying it through diffoulnes
financed it for more than @ year. But Card\ual
Maun ng, by means of bik influence privately ¢
clive tl, effected ite ruin, It that to make
amends for this wrong, the drous Cardinal
afterward gave Mr, Purcell th for his
famons biography.’ The Jact sugweet ou explatne
much But why ofnit the authority for ench @
supremely humorous idea?

or
is said

materiats

Roskiniom and Puseum,
From the London Daily News
The late Lord Coleridge once said of two great Ox

ford men that neither of them had foundeda school
inasmuch aa there were no Newmanites and po A
noldians, Lord Coleridge probally wanted to annoy
the Puseyites. They have vanished away, and ther
name with them. Nobody read« Pusev
reads Newman, There is, however, a Pureutu at a
ford, Isthere to be &® Ruskinium in London’ A
meeting held yesterday afternoon at S$. Mortin's
Town Hall agreed to anawer that qneation in the af
firmative

everybody

 

Mishap to a Moving Train.
From the Lake Milis (1a.) Grephia
Mise Betsey D. Ennteon stepped om the sowtiy
going train last Thureday,

 

|