oh

%,
,

{
|
4
y
\
\
»
?
‘
,
‘
4
“
*'\
Bede.

VOL. LXXIII.—NO, 200,

MINERS ASK NEW CONFERENCE

AN-

 

 

 

PROPOSE MEETING WITH
THRACITE OPERATORS.

 

Mitchell in Letter to Baer Asks That Fure
ther Consideration Be Given to Dif-
ferences Before April 1—Says the Post-
than of the Miners Was Misunderstood,

IxprANAPOLIS, March 18, — President
Nitchell to-night addressed a letter to

Goorze F. Baer, acknowledging the re-
er ot of the refusal of the anthracite opera-
ters to comply with any of the miners’
demands ®

Ife savs, however, that the questions
volved are so weighty andthe interests \¢
so important that he hesitates «-
tase the reply of the operators as final.
Hie adds tnt a subcommittee of the
Shamokin scale committee would be glad to
iferagain with the anthracite operators,

Vv

sake

c°

and oxpressesa the hope that the request
for further consultation will not be re-
fused.

Mitchell's letter is as follows:
“INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., March 17, 1906.
My Genvge FB. Facr, chara, Phiiat lphia,
ia,
*Dran Referring again to your
cor mi ication of March 10, with accon-
panying and our reply
thereto, I write to say that I have sub-
mitted to our coinmittee the answer made
by your committee to the proposition pre-
sented by us. It is unnecessary to state
that we were keenly disappointed to learn
that our demands were rejected in toto,
ard that our arguments in favor of them

Sir

documents, to

had received so little consideration at your |

hands that they were practically ignored
in your reply to us. 3

“We have again reviewed the scale pre-
rented for your consideration; we have
compared it with the scale of wages paid
for similar classes of labor in other coal
preducing States and districts and we are
gitisfied beyond the peradyenture of doubt
that the wages proposed are not in excess
of —indeed, that they are not so high as—the
wages paid in the bituminous mining dis-
triets of our country.

“Judging from the language employed
in vour answer to us, it is perfectly evident
that we failed to make clear or that you
failed to understand the real import of
the propositions submitted by us,

“We wish to assure you that we are not
unmindfil of the great public interests
involved in this controversy as to our
future relations, neither are we unappre-
ciative of the splendid

establish a relationship between
wonld insure a just and permanent peace,
but if you will refer to the award of that
ceinmission you wi!l find that the com-
mission iteelf was in doubt as to the per-
manency of its findings and expressed the
hope that at the expiration of the award
the relations of operator and employee
would have so far improved as to make
impossible such. a condition as existed
throughout the country in consequence
of the strike in the anthracite region.

"We had entertained the hope that our
acherence to the letter and the spirit of
the award and the absence of local or gen-
ers! strikes during the last three years
woull appeal more strongly
corfiderce and that we might reason-
aly y expect serious consideration of our
clains at this time.

\When we met in joint conference at 143
Libert: s reet, New York city, on the 15th
ius’ February, it was agreed that
wien Lhe s»parate committees of seven
hal terminated their work they should
report to the committee of _the whole.

We wnderstood this to mean that after we |

ha.! submitted our demands and our reasons
therefor and you had prepared your reply
thereto
confer
ment,

“But it would seam, from reading your
reply, that all our propositions have been
rejected and that your final decision has
been given. We trust that this conception
of your intention 1s incorrect.

“It is our opinion that neither you nor
we can afford to break off negotiations in
this abrupt manner. So far as we and the
inferests we represent are concerned we
are willing to accept a share of the re-
sponsibility this action entails. We he-
lieve that further meetings should be held
and that we should strive earnostly and
conscientiously to reconcile our diVerences.

“While it may be true that on the part of

aad if possible reach an agree-

the operators there has been no serious |
cause for complaint during the last three |

years, we wish to assure you that in ex-

pressing this opinion you do not reflect our |

views. Not only has there been criticism
among the miners; but, what is of more itn-
portance, there exists much _ cause for
criticism and complaint. To such an ex-
tent is this true that we feel it incumbent
Upon us to say that we cannot with any
degree of contentment or satisfaction con-
tinue to work under present conditions.
“However, we repeat that the interests

involved are so vest that we are not willing |

to break off negotiations without first mak-
ing further efforts to reconcile our differ-
We therefore provose that further
conference or conferences be held between
row and the first of April.

ences,

“If this suggestion meets with your ap- |

proval we shall be pleased to arrange with

vena date upon which our joint committee |

iney reconvene.” é

Between 500 ond 600 operators, repre-
renting the bituminous coal fields of Ohio,
Indiana, Illinois, western

ond the Southwest, are here for the con- |

ference, which opens in the morning.
Cereful canvass of the sentiment in-
dirates that they are unanimously, almost,
#gainet granting any inorease in wages.
Francis 1.. Robbins, who favors the
reetoration of the bituminous senle of
1998, seema to stand practically alone on
the proposition, for outside of the repre-
sentatives of the Pittsburg Coal Company,
of which Robbins is president, all

to he in accord with the majority senti-
ment.

Speaking of the situation to-day, one
of the largest Indiana operators said there
had been no change since the adjournment
of the February conference except a crys-
(allization of sentiment among the operators
against granting any increase,

The first action of the operators’ confer-
ence to-morrow will be to demand that the
miners’ convention formally rescind the
Ryan resolution. They say that it is not
worth while to waste time in conference with
the miners’ scale committee when the
of that body are tied by the resolution
which prohi the making of contracts
wi until agreements are

made wih a

 

efforts made by |
the anthracite coal strike commission to |
us that |

to your |

the joint committee would meet, |

Pennsylvania’ |

the |
western Pennsylvania operators appear |

 

 

WHEEL SPINNING, MEN FLED.
t

J
Over the Roofs Went Gamesters When the
Police Got In,

A tip went in to the Tenderloin station
on Saturday that a new gambling house
had been opened on Thursday at 122 West
Thirty-fourth street. The police were
informed that a covered wagon had backed
up in front of the house and that several
men pretty well known in the Tenderloin
had been seen carrying in a roulette outfit,

Other bits of information the Tender-
| loin police gathered up indicated that the

gamblers had their nerve with them. They
} hadn't made much effort, apparently, to

| woal the house against chance unpleasant

 

 

start, was booming.

Acting Captain McCann sent Plain Clothes
Men McGee and Ryan around to the house
and told them to sit on the sidewalk until
they were sure and then to get into the
| house even if they had to hurt somebody.
| The plain clothes men went to the place
| at midnight Saturday and loafed around
| fora couple of hours. Several well dressed
| men slipped into the place, but the doorman

closed the door too quickly for the cops
| to follow.

A little past 2 o'clock A. M., when the
| doorman appeared to haye been called
| away, a young man walked briskly up to the
| front door, opened it with a key and stepped
into the hall. He neglected to slam the door,
and the lock didn’t snap. In went. McGee
and Ryan, The young man saw them com-

| ing and banged shut a heavy inner door, the |

| upper half of which was frosted glass. The
| plain clothes men broke the glass with their
revolver butts, turned the key and made for
the stairway.
| buzzer going on the second floor. Imme-
diately there Wagga furious racket up there,
the noise of chairs kicked over, a rush of foet
across the floor, the opening of windows
| and a few low warnings.
| ‘They hustled upstairs and in a large room
found a beautiful roulette wheel still gently

tered about the floor, and there were a few

a man in the place.
McGee and Ryan” found that the men

over the roofs to Thirty-third street. It was
no use trying to catch them with their three
or four minutes start, and the cops con-

remains.

The roulette wheel was a gem of its kind,
inlaid with mother of pearl and handsomely
got up in other ways. Acting Captain
McCann said he thought the outfit was
worth fully $1,800. The costliness of the
wheel indicated, the police said, that it
wasn't a tin horn game by any means, and
that the wheel had been spinning for big

| stakes.

BIG STEAMER BURNS; 60 SAVED.
One Lost and Another Injureti in Transfer
on Fishing Tugs.

SHEBOYGAN, Wis., March 18.—With a
crew of sixty men and two passengers

aboard, the steamer Atlanta of the Goodrich |

Transportation Company caught fire five
miles fram shore just béfore noon to-day.

The crew and passengers, with the ex- |

ception of one deckhand, escaped in the
steamer's lifeboats and were picked up by
Port Washington fishing tugs. From the
tugs they were transferred to the steainer

Georgia of the Goodrich line and brought |

to this city.
One man, in jumping from the hurricane
deck to the tug, broke both legs.

will be a total logs. She was burned to the

beach near Port Washington.

at 10 o'clock this morning. At 11:15, when
| twelve miles south of Sheboyganand five

| miles from shore, fire was discovered in the |

! hold

> It was located with difficulty and by the |
time the fire fighters got down to work |

the flames had gained good headway.
At 1 o'clock Capt. McAuley decided that

it would bé necessary to abandon the
steamer.

By this time fishing tugs from Port Wash-
ington were near the burning steamer and
there was practically little danger of loss

of life. The sea was calm and there was
no panic.
BOY BORN IN AMERICA

Island—Caon He Be Deported?

When the Ellis Island ferryboat landed
at the Battery yesterday noon with its
crowd of immigrants on board one of
the boatmen ran into the Barge Office in
search of a doctor, Dr, Bailey of the Ma-
rine Hospital Service found that his patient
was an immigrant woman,

to an American boy. The doctor made a
temporary hospital in the Barge Office,
where he treated the mother and child.

As soon as possible he sent¢them back to
Fllis Island, where they are now in the
Mospital, The mother ts “doing well, but
the child is not expected to live.

Wilhelmina Goetz arrived on Thursday
fron Bremen on the Gneisenau, A man
' who said he was her husband came for
her fron Brooklyn and the inspectors
passed her,

When questioned yesterday she first said
that she was married and then denied it.
The man, after saying that he was tho
father of the child, went back to Brooklyn.

ported if the child dies, If it lives thore
American born boy can be deported as a
party to the fraud alleged to have been
practised to make him an American,

 

| MORE PAY FOR FRENCH MINERS,

 

Owners Make Concessions to Survivors of
the Courrleres Disaster
Spectal Cable Despatch to THR SUN
Paris, March 18.--At a conference be-
| tween the mine owners and representatives
of the miners of the Pas de Calais district
| the former stated that the prices of coal did
not justify an immediate increase in wages,
but in view of the painful Seek
arising from the disaster at the Courri?re

mines,they were willing to grant an advance |

|
|
| of 10 per cent. to the underground workers
| and § per cent. to those working above
ground. The offer will be submitted to a
meeting of the miners at Lens on Tuesday.
In order to reach the pits of the Courriéres
mines, which are now inaccessible, barriers

were built to prevent the flames sane
The fire orated these barriars, probably
with the result of setting the galleries ablaze
again, tati working from
behind the shelter of a wet canvas screen.

After all, Usher's the Scoton
that mede the Bighbau ismout.—Ade

 

+NEW YORK.

visitors,and business, with only two days |

As they ran they heard the |

spinning. Half a bushel of chips were scat- |

coins that had been dropped. There wasn't ;

who had been in the room had slipped away |

tented themselves with gathering up the |

The steamer Atlanta, valued at $299,999, |
water's edge and the hull was towed to the |
|

The Atlanta left this port for Milwaukee |

in order to save the lives of those on board |

: |
After Mother Had Been Passed at Ellis

Wilhelmina |
Goetz, and that she had just given birth |

Wilhelmina Goetz will probably be de- |

may be some question as to whether an |

 

MONDAY,

 

 

WORKMAN COULD BE SEEN, BUT
NOT COMMUNICATED WITH,

 

Been Devised—Dimculty Was Due to |

the Pressure of the Air—The Man
Was Not Injured by His Confinement.

Frank Miller, a locktender employed by
the Hudson Companies in’ work on the
tunnel running from Fifteenth  streeb,
Jersey City, to Morton street, Manhattan,
wasa prisoner in a bucket lock at the
foot of Fifteenth street, Jersey City, from
10 o'clock yesterday morning until midnight.

Some portion of the apparatus which
operates an elevator to the tunnel ninety
feet below the surface gave way, and up
to midnight the combined efforts of a
large force of men were of no avail in
rescuing the prisoner.

The bucket lock stands on the surface.
Its covering is of steel, and it looks like the
boiler of a locomotive set on end. The
apparatus is auch that when the outer door
opens the inngr door leading to the shaft,
closes and the outer door cannot be opened
from within unless the inner door is closed.
Miller's business was to operate an elevator
which transports workmen through a pipe
three feet in diameter to the tunnel.

Miller is a Pole and cannot understand
a wordof English. He could be seen through
‘a bullseye in the side of the bucket lock,
| but neither Supt. Manning of the tunnel
workmen nor any of his employees was
able to make him understand a word they
said to him, ~

They wrote questions for him to answer
and directions for his guidance and shoved
the paper through the bullseye, but were
unable by this method even to make him
comprehend.

rhey could see him sitting inside on a
little bench. All day he was in the same
position, sitting stolidly on his seat and
| apparently in a dazed condition,

Miller's brother reported the casa to the
police late last night. Policeman Max-
well was assured by Supt. Manning that
the Pole was in no danger, since there was
enough fresh air coming through the bulls-
eye to keep him alive, and they could give
| him food through the same opening. But
| how they wero going to release him without
| destroying the locker with all its compli-

|
|

ea'ed air chambers Mr. Manning did not |

know,

“I don't know how ‘it happened,” said
the superintendent, before the rescue, “andl
don't believe the Pole does, I do know,
| though, that he is in there and that we
can't get him out to save our souls, What
we're going to do about it I don't know, but
I do ‘know that we don’t want to smash

any valuable apparatus unless we've got to.”
One workman said he thought the trouble

| was caused by a carload of mud hecoming
jammed in thé elevator.

| “If Miller hal been a skilled man,” said
this workman, “he could have got out
| but he simply sat there apparently
| stupefied and cidn't do a thing to help
himself, The air pressure against the
outer door was too strong for him to open it,
but he could have relieved the pressure by
| fixing the trouble in the elevator shaft.
| This apparently he hasn't even tried to do.”

Miller was got out at midnight. He was
somewhat hungry, but in good physical
and mental condition. The rescuers gave
him a plate of soup and he went home.

A large force of men was employed in
the tunnel at the time of the mishap. Both
bores of the tunnel are complete and no
' one of them was in danger. Other locks
were used to bring them to the surface.

 

SNOWSLIDES KILL FIVE,

 

 

stroyed in Colorado.

Ouray, Col, Mareh

| known to be dead and at least $1,000,000

worth of mining property has been de-

| stroyed by snowslides in the San Juan
mining district in the last two days.

Late last night a great avalanche struck

merly owned by Thomas F. Walsh, carrying
away the big reduction mill, the tram house,
boarding house and library building. These
buildings were the finest and most costly
mine structures in Colorado.

There were six men in the library at the
| time and four of them were buried in snow,
but their companions quickly dug them
out and although seriously injured all will
live.

The loss to the Camp Bird Gompany will
| reach $400,000 and may exceed that amount,
| The boarding house, in which 300 men were
sleeping when the slide occurred, was
| directly in its path, but the force of the
slide was broken and its course diverted
| by the great mill with its heavy machinery,
| and an appalling disaster was averted,
| ‘Other snowslides in San Juan and San
| Miguel counties killed five men, injured
|
|
|
|
|

} many and caused property damage esti-
mated at from $350,000 to $400,000. One
! of the men killed was D. F. Hickey, foreman
| at the Green Mountain mill, The names
| of the other men have not been learned.
Hickey lost his life in the slide that carried
awav the bunkhouse at the Last Chance
| mine
| ‘The heaviest preperty loss was to the
| Green Mountain mill, which was recently
| completed and equipped with machinery
; ata cost of over $300,000. :
Seventy-five men had gone into the Last
| Chance tunnel to work fifteen minutes be-
fore their bunkhouse was carried away.
The report of a fatal train wreck on the
| Rio Grande Southern at Ophir Loop yester-
| day proves to have been false. A light
' engine was struck by
| hurt.

BUMPED INTO CARS PATH.

 

Woman the Victim of a Brooklyn Man's
Hurry to Cross the Bridge

Mrs. Therese O'Loughlin of 191 Charles
street was waiting fora Flatbush avenue car

at the Manhattan end of the Brooklyn Bridga |
last night when Charles Burnham of 47? |

Quincy street, Brooklyn, ina hurry to catch
a Gates avenue car, which comes inon the
same track, bumped against her
' knocked her in front of the car.
was moving slowly.

The fender struck Mrs. O'Loughlin on
the top of the head, inflicting a bad wound.
Then the fender raised and Mrs. O'Loughlin
went in under it. Hertman, the motorman,
managed to stop the car before the wheels
Teac her.

Two bridge policemen carried Mrs.
O'Loughlin into the emergency hospital,

and
The car

pital put six stitches in her head. She
\ refu to go to the hospital.

When Burnham saw the Gates avenue car
strike the woman he got off and gave him-
self up to the police. Mre. O'Loughlin
refused to make a charge against him.

| and Dr. Bryant of the Hudson street hos- .

MA

i
|
| Released at Last After Various Ways Had |
|
|
'
|

4 Million Dollars Worth of Property De- |

the buildings of the Camp Bird Mine, for- |

a slide, nobody being |

RCH * 19,

639’ RUSSIANS PUT TO DEATH.

 

Two Months Bloody Record in the Baltte
Provinces,
Special Cable Despatches to Tae Sun.

Sr, Pererssura, March 18.—Lettish news-
papers analyze the repressive measures

| of the Russian Government in the Baltic

| provinces from December 14 to February 14.

The military hanged eighteen persons

! and shot 621. Three hundred and twenty
were killed in armed encounters and 251
were flogged. Ninety-seven farm houses,
twenty-two town dwellings, four schools,
two town halls and three clubhouses were
burned.

Sevastoro., March 18.—Though it was
announced that the military authorities
had reoeived a telegram revoking the sen-
tence of death passed by a court-martial
on Lieut. Schmidt, the leader of the sailors’

| revolt, it is now announced that the sen-
tence was only commuted to death by shoot-
ing instead of hanging. :

 

__

DEMOCRATIC SENATORS CONFER.

| Will Not Insi@ on United Party Action on
| the Rallroad Rate Bill.

| WasH1naTon, March i8.—Fourteen Demo-
| cratic Senators journeyed to Woodley,
| the suburban home of Senator Francia G.

Newlands of Nevada, to-day and sat at

luncheon and discussed’ railroad rate legis-

lation. Every Democratic Senator was in-

vited, but a few were detained by illness,
| and Senator Bacon and one or two others
| had previous engagements. The gathering
| was representative, however. Senator
| Bailey of Texas, who, with Senator Gorman,
sharea the floor leadership; Senator Till-
man of South Carolina, who is in charge of
the Hepburn bill, and others most interested
in rate legislation were present.

The conference resulted in no agreement
for concerted action. On the contrary,
when the Senators departed from Wood-
ley it was with the general understanding
that there would be no conference or caucus
looking to united party action. This fet-

that the rate question was not a party issue
and individual Senators should be left free
to vote according to individual judgment.
The conference disclosed the fact that
Senator Rayner of Maryland did not speak
by tha card when he announced in the
Senate the other day that the Democrats
had practically agreed on a rate bill of their
/own. The point most discussed was
whether Congress had power to declare in
the bill that the Circuit courts should not

suspend a rate pending the determination |

at a judicial review. Senator Bailey an-
nounced that he had studied the question
| carefully and was convinced that Con-
| gress had the constitutional power to for-

the rate or any orders by the Interstate
Commerce Commission while legai pro-
ceedings were under way to determine the
reasonableness of the rate fixed. A few
Senators disagreed with Mr. Bailey, but
the majarity were in accord with bis
The sentiment was strongly in favor of
amending the Hepburn bill 6o as to specifi-
cally forbid the courts to suspend the rate
vending review. :

 

ST, MARY'S BOYS TO THE RESCUE,

 

Schoolship Cadets by Quick Work Pull
Would-Be Suicide Out of the River.
Cadets on the schoolship St. Mary's got

a chance yesterday afternoon to show how
proficient they were in boat drill, and for
| their pains succeeded in pulling out of the
Fast River Leopold Gustav Schultz, who

foot pf East Twenty-fourth street in an en-
deavor to find a world less hard to get on in.

The young jack tars lowered a port quar-
ter boat in wonderfully good time, but when

' their boat got into the water the strong |
18.—Five men are |

flood tide had swept Schultz almost up to
Twenty-sixth street. When M. P. Schermer-
horn, boatswain’s mate, who was acting
coxswain, caught Schultz by the collar and
with the assistance of L, L. Smith, who was
| in the stern sheets with him, pulled the man
into the boat Schultz was unconscious.
! He was carried back to the St. Mary's,
where the ship's surgeon, with the assist-
ance of Dr. Hunt, who was called from
Bellevue Hospital, worked over him for an
hour. When Schultz was resuscitated he
was taken to the hospital and placed in the
prison ward.

The other boys in the boat besides Smith
and the boatawain’s mate were J. H. Bird-
sall, T. H. Cornet, W. G. Apply and R. P.
Wood. Officers of the St. Mary's congratu-
lated them on their seamanlike promptness
| in rescuing Schultz.

Schultz, who is a wagon painter by trade
and lives at 268 Bowery, was disconsolate
because he couldn't find work.

 

GOING INTO WALSH'S RECORD.

 

Boverninent to Produce Documents From
Comptroller's Office.

Cuicaco, March 18,—Details af every
transaction in which the Chicago National
Bank figured in the last three years of its
existence will be diselosed to-morrow. at
the hearing of John R. Walsh, the former
president of the institution, if the Govern-
ment's programme can be successfully
carried out.

For the first time since Mr, Walsh was
placed under arrest the Government showed
its hand yesterday. The broad scope of the
| inquiry, which contemplates scrutiny of
every loan made in the three years, was in-
dicated by the serving of two subpeenas,
one in Chieago and the other in Washington.

The subpoena sent to the national capital
| calls upon T. P, Kane to produce every re-
| port to the Comptroller made by the Chicago
| National Curing the last three years; also
| all correspondence between Mr. Walsh
| and the Comptroller's office in that time,
{
|
'

The other subpoena was served on Otto
A.Kess, for ten years connected with Walsh's
| Wisconsin-Michigan Railroad. Assistant,
District Attorney Childs asked Mr. Kess
yesterday about the. financing of the Wis-
conein-Michigan Railroad, but the latter re-
fused to answer any questions until called
to the stand.

From the Comptroller's records the Gov-
ernment intends to show that the Comp-
troller was not satisfied with the way Mr.
Walsh was running the bank as far back as
4908. It was at this time that the first
memorandum notes were disclosed.

 

Henry H. Rogers Again Superintendent of
Fairhaven Streets. ‘
FAIRHAVEN. Mass, March 18.—At a meet-
| ing of the Board of Selectmen yesterday
Henry H. Rogere was reappointed Super-

| wtendent of Streets for the eleventh year.

 
   

 

lowed the acceptance of the contention.

bid the Circuit courts from suspending |

had dived from the recreation pier at the |

 

-Mowpay, Marcw 19, 1906.
Pair to-day, followed by snow; snow to-

morrow; fresh northeast winds. *

 

STORER’S SUCCESSOR CHOSEN. FORMOSA SHAKEN—8,000 VICTIMS.

 

RUMOR THAT C. P. TAFT IS TO BE
AMBASSADOR T0 AUSTRIA,
But a Hint Comes From a Well Informed
Quarter That the M Selected Is Not
an Ohloan—Also Thgt He Is Not Now
Serving in a Diplomatic Capacity.

 

WasHINGTON, March 18,—No announce-
ment, official or otherwise, wag made to-
-day of the name of the man selected to
succeed Bellamy Storer of Ohio, who as
told in a Washington despatch in THe Sun
of to-day is to retire from the office of
American Ambassador to Austria-Hungary.
Mr. Storer’s successor has been chosen,
and it was said to-night that there was
no likelihood of a hitch in forwarding his
nomination to the Senate, which is ex-
pected to be done to-morrow.

It was rumored to-day that Charles P.
Taft of Cincinnati, a brother of Secretary
Taft, and a wealthy man, would be the new
Ambassador, but this is inconsistent with a
hint from a well informed quarter that Mr.
Storer's successor is not an Ohioan. Mr.
Taft is anxious to enter the diplomatio
service in a plenipotentiary capacity and
has been indorsed for any important Euro-
pean mission by the Senators from his
State, Messrs. Foraker and Dick.

jit was said also that the Ambassador-
to-be was not serving this Government in a
diplomatic capacity. This would eliminate

}

John G. A. Leishman of Sener vere |

Minister to Turkey, who has been strongly
| indorsed for promotion; David Jayne Hill
of New York, Minister to The Nethet-
lands and Luxemburg, and William M.
Collier of New York, Minister to Spain, who
are regarded as in the line of promotion.

 

GIRL HELD FOR COLLEGE THEFTS

She Is Pretty and Popular, but Is Alleged to
Have Robbed Smith Students.

NorRTHAMPTON, Mass., March 18.—A strik-
ingly pretty young woman, giving every
| indication of refinement and education,
| is in the Hampshire county jail and will be
! arraigned in court to-morrow morning
| on charges of wholesale larceny from Smith
| College dormitories. The police and col-
|

lege authorities decline to give oyt any
information regarding the arrest, except
to admit that it has been made.

The young woman came to Northampton
| last fall, a few days after the opening of

Smith College, and got rooms in a
boarding house near the college. She
' gave the name of Gilmore M. Wilson and
said she was from Sanford, Me. She
‘ waid she came here to attend the college
| as soon as certain conditions in studies
could be overcome.

Since that time the girl has become
very popular, frequently giving theatre

; g parties and suppers to
groups of friends among the students.

During the present college year there
have been an unusually large number of
thefts from different houses connected with
the college.

A woman detective from Boston worked
among the students for some time, but
could get no clue.

Yesterday afternoon Miss Wilson went to
Amherst with a number of the Smith
students to witness a basketball game
and to attend a reception. In her absence
two friends,went to her apartments to call.
As they were leaving, it is alleged, they
saw an article which had been stolen, and
an examination revealed others, They
notified the college authorities,and Special
Officer ‘King of the college and Chief of
Police Gilbert searched the room.
discovered a large amount of booty, to-
gether with several empty pocketbooks,

When the college party returned from
Amherst Miss Wilson was arrested. It is
said she has made a confession.

A telephone message from Sanford, Me.,
says Gilmore M. Wilson is a daughter of a
well known lawyer, and that she has been
away from home for some months attend-
ing school.

CURIOSITY COST DOG HIS LIFE.

Wandered In to See the Aoudad Twins and
Was Killed by the Anxious Mother.

| An ownerless fox terrier wandered into
the Central Park menagerie yesterday
morning and stopped in front of the aoudad
enclosure. The twins that arrived a week
ago were frisking about in the warm sun-
shine.
The dog seemed

| slipped through the iron bars and trotted
| over to them to get a closer inspection.
The mother had been standing in the door-
|
|
|
}

 

interested. Soon he

way of the shelter. When she saw the in-
truder she took alarm for the safety of her
youngsters and in a few bounds was upon
him. ss

With lowered horns she struck the terrier
amidships and knocked him several feet.
He got up in time to see the ana mother
hearing down on him. Escape by way of
the fence was cut off by the other grownup
aoudads, who seemed anxious to get in the
scrimmage, 80 he sought refuge on the
mound of stones in the centre of the pad-

dock.

He was safe only for a moment, for one of
the big animals went after him.
chance seemed to be to reach thé fence, and
he made a dash for it. The mother was

| waiting for him and struck him down with
| her forefeet. .

Head moeper Billy Snyder came along just
then, but all that was left for him to do was
| to pull out the crushed body with a pole.

j es

Ethel Roosevelt Confirmed in St. John's
Church,

W?SHINGTON, March 18.--.The President
and Mrs. Roosevelt attended the services
at St. John’s Church this afternoon, when a
| class of young people were confirmed by
| Bishop Satterlee. Ethel Roosevelt, second
| daughter of the President and Mrs, Roose-
| velt, was a member of the class.

Mrs. Koosevelt returned to-day from

Groton, Mass., where she went to attend
the confirmation
| Kermit Roosevelt is a member.
|. After the service at St. John’s the Presi-
| dent went out for a long walk and did not
' return to the White House until a short
! time before dinner, ‘

Mrs. Rainsford Returning.

Mrs. W. 5. Rainsford, wife of the former
pastor of St. George's Protestant Episco-
pal Church, is among the passengers on
the White Star Line steamship Celtic, due
‘to-day from Mediterranean ports. At the
; parish house of the church it was said last

‘ night that Dr. Rainsford xa yet in Egypt.
| Shortly over @ month ago Dr. Rainsford
sent in his letter of resignation, saying

 

such as to permit of his resuming his duties
as pastor of the church.

| that he feared his health would never be

—

  

|

1

 

|
|
|

 

\
|
|

|

|
|

|
1

They |
| disappeared,

 

His only-y

 

of the class of which |

 

Two Destructive Earthquakes Cause Great
Suffering in the Isinhd.
Spectal Cable Despatch to Tax Sun

Tox10, March 18.—Two extremely de-
structive earthquakes occurred on Satur-
day afternoon in the southern and central
parts of the Island of Formosa. Eight
thousand persons were killed and injured.

There is great distress among the natives
and the Japanese colonists. A number of
doctors and nurses have gone from Taipei,
in the norther. part of the island, to re-
lieve the suffering. ‘

 

Formosa is traversed by several moun-
tain chains, some of them volcanic, with
active and extinct cones. The island has
a population of about 2,600,000, composed
of native tribes of Malayan stock, Chinese
and Japanese colonists. China ceded For-
mosa to Japan in the treaty of peace of
1895. Sinoe then-there has been extensive
development of the island's resources,
aided by the railroad lines built by Jap-
anese,

FRICK REINSURES. HIS LIFE.

Will Pay $10,000 a Year to Have Detectives
Watch Man Who Once Shot at Him.

Pirrspura, Pa, March 18.—Alexander
Berkman will step out of the Allegheny
county workhouse May 18 after serving
fourteen years for, attempting to murder
H.C, Frick.

Henry C. Frick has not forgotten Berk-
man. When the man is released one of the
best detective agencies in the world will
take up his trail. Until he or Mr. Frick
dies Berkman will never be left unwatched.

It will cost Mr. Frick $10,000 a year, but
he thinks it a good life insuranoe invest-
mient. ‘

Berkman is as much of an anarchist as
he was on the day he shot at Mr. Frick,
but he is now an advocate of education in-
stead of an apostle of force. He Has beena
most exemplary prisoner during the four-
teen years-he has been behind the walls
and has studied unceasingly. He has per-
fected himself in several languages, French,
Italian and the Slavonic, and,is prepared to
make an attive campaignin favor of the
red flag. ‘

RUSSIANS DECLINE TO VOTE.

General Fear That Labor Delegates Chosen
Will Be Arrested.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Lonpon, March 19—The St. Petersburb
correspondent of the Times says that the
mill districts around St. Petersburg chose
delegates to the primary electoral college
on Sunday. Enormous numbers abstained
from voting in the belief that the authori-
ties would arrest whoever was chosen.

According to returns of the labor elec-
tions at Odessa only 40 out of 2,000 electors
voted. At Kadinkood only 63 out of
14,265 cast their ballots. Most of the voters
were clergymen, with the result that out

 

 

 

 

| of fifteen delegates elected there eleven

are priests.

On the other hand, where the peasants
assembled in their strength the priests
stood no chance. At Voronezh 607 out of
1,600 electors appeared and elected sixteen
peasants and not priests.

 

'
SLEEPY OPERATOR FLEES.

Man Whose Nap Cost Many Lives in Train
Wreck Disappears.

DeNveER, March 18.—Frank Lively, the
telegraph operator whose brief nap caused
the awful wreck at Adobe Friday morning,
has fled the country and officers are after
him.

Lively could not eat or sleep after the
wreck, which cost more than a,score of
lives. His brother, 8. D. Lively, an operator
employed by the Rio Grande at Pueblo,
resigned Jast night and with his brother

Officers of all ci ties west of the Missouri

| River are watching for the brothers. Frank
| Lively is wanted to testify at the Coroner's
| inquest to-morrow.

No charge has been
made against him.

PASSENGERS FRIGHTENED.
Coast Down Hill In a Wild Trolley Car
—Two of Them Hurt.

The brake chain of a trolley car going
down Rockaway avenue hill, East New York,

 

| snapped last night and the car coasted

along for a dozen blocks. Motorman
Duffy reversed his controller, but the fuse

blew out and he was then powerless to stop , for postage alone would be about $80,000,

the car.

Thirty passengers in the car were badly | much more.
| scared.

One of them,
ear and was badly bruised. Another, Mrs.
Lena Lewis, 859 Myrtle avenue, got off
‘when the speed of the car was abating, but
was out about the head.

TEETH IN HIS MIDST,

Sad Result of Kenny's Celebration of His
Patron Saint's Anniversary.

James Kenny of 56 East 103th street kept
up his St. Patrick's day celebration until
he missed his false teeth last evening. He
wandered into the East 104th street station
and spoke huskily to Sergt. Thompson.

“Oi had foore tathe,” said Mr. Kenny,
mournfully, “whin Oi started cillybratin’'
wid th’ byes. Oi'm domned sure Oi've swal-
lowed thim and Oi've come here fer midi-
cal advice.”

The sergeant laughed and expressed the
opinion that Mr. Kenny was dreaming.

“This Oi know,” said Mr. Kenny, firmly,
“th' tathe are missin’ and Oi've a pain in
me belly thot comes from no honest stom-
ach ache.”

Sergt. Thompson called Dr. Reed from
Harlem Hospital. The doctor applied a
stomach pump with no result. Mr. Kenny
insisted that he could feel the teeth “fairly
bitin’ at me vitals.”

“You need a good sleep,” said the ser-
geant. “Here, doorman, put the gentleman
in No. 4. Front! Ice water and towels!
Good-night, Kenny.”

 

Grover Cleveland's 60th Birthday,

Princyton, N. J., March 18.—To-day was
former President Grover Cle@eland's sixty-

_ninth birthday and for the first time in

several years he was not at home to cele-
brate the day with his family. He left
here a few days ago for Florida on a trip
for pleasure and health and will be South
for about five weeks. He will spend his
time while in Florida in hunting and fishing
in company with Prof. MtClenahan of
Prin ceton.

 

“She Sits Forever in the Sun.’'
There was sunshine part of each of three
hundred and fifty-seven (857) days last year at
Colorado Springs; the New York Central Lines

ticket you vila nicago, Cincinnati or St. Louis to | ent board out of office. The attitude of
, Ut i y
Colorado, Utah, California and the Pacific Coast. your representative at the hearing before ih

"

ut

   

     

 

PRICE TWO CENTS. §

10 STOP FIGHT FOR PROXIES,

UNTERMYER SENDS A WARNING
TO N. Y. LIFE TRUSTEES.

 

 

OF i

 

Says Polteyholders Will Hold Them Pere? | Ra
sonatly Liable for Money Spent to Keep _
Themselves in Power—Campaign Said ©
to Have Cost About 860,000 Already,

%
Samuel Untermyer, counsel for thé inter=
national policyholders’ committee, has’
served notice on President Alexander BE. |
Orr of the New York Life that he will hold ©
him and other trustees of the any
personally responsible for the policyholders’ 'y

 

-money that has been spent recently in the {

management's campaign for proxies. It
ig estimated that more than $60,000 has
been spent in this way.

The proxies are for uss at the annual
meeting of the New. York Life on April 11
in the gvent of the failure to pass the Arm-
strong committee recommendations before

 

that date. If the Armajrong committee”

bills are enacted before April 11 the proxies i

will, of course, be void, and the annual | a

meeting will be postponed.  @
7 4

There are six trustees to be elected at-
the April meeting. One of these is Presi+
dent Orr himself. The others, it is under-.

| stood, are William B. Hornblower, Darwin: 5
P. Kingsley, John Claflin, Woodbury Lange |
don and George A. Morrison. Mr. Claflin i

Joseph Amelkin | penditures (to say nothing of the manifes:
of St. Mark's avenue, jumped from the | impropriety of such action at this juncture)

‘

 

|

|
|
|
|

 

aden 2 Eee ee verte sande Snuerie ante ebananl Sean

is one of the trustees to whom the new
proxies are issued, Mr. Untermyer in his
letter to President Orr intimates that it ia
the desire of the management to reelect
the six trustees at the April election for
the effect which it will have in the more |

 

strenuous campaign that will precede the i
annual election set by the Armstrong com- | a
mittee. Here is Mr. Untermyer's letter %
to President Orr, dated March 17; ry

“Dear Str; As counsel for policyholders P|
and committees that are now representing Ps
upward of 50,000 policyholders in your Fi
company, although no canvass for proxies ‘i

has béen possible, I am instructed to protest’ ==
in*their behalf against the extraordinary
use that is being made by you and your | %
officers of the agency force of the company

who are being pressed into the service of £

soliciting proxies for .the reelection of 22

yourself and associates as directors at aa.

enormous expense to the policyholders. %
“You are well aware that your tenureof

office and that of your associates are about
to be terminated and a new election ordered ©
by the enactment of the pending legislation.
¥ou know that until this legislation is
enacted the policyholders are practically
disfranchised. You and your associates | @
are responsible for their helpless position ‘he ‘
in this respect. It was under your adminis- ~~ iy
tration that the requests of policyholders ;

might know who are their associates and ©
be able to communicate with them as tothe
selection of trustees were recently denied, ~
When the court granted that demand it
was under your administration that the
funds of the policyholders were used in the
appeal from that ruling, which resulted im
the extraordinary decision that denied te
them access to the lists. Nee
“It is the result of that litigation, com- © —
ducted for the defeat of the rightsJof the
policyholder and at his expense, which |
emphasizes the necessity for the pending ~~
legislation. "
“In its remarkable opinion in that cage
the Court observes with prophetic vision’
that these lists ‘might prove a valuable
asset in unscrupulous hands.’ And go
they will if you are permitted to utilize Ve.
them as you are now doing, a
“T am informed that within the last few
days you sent out from your head office
to your entire agency force throughout
the country telegrams urging them to
collect proxies. I have before me one of ;
a number of printed letters and circulare
issued from your head office, signed by the
cashier of your company, with an acoome, ~
panying form of proxy, addressed to polioy- Be
holders, enclosing a biography of ‘each of . *
the directors and officers whom you seek
to reelect, includin,’ yourself. This proxy
is to Messrs. John Claflin, Oscar H. Straus
and Clarence H. Mackay, of whom biog-
raphies are also enclosed, printed at the
expense of the policyholders, Youreiroular.
letter concludes ‘as follows: ‘ ~
“ ‘Your interest as a policyholder cannot
better be served than by promptly executing
the enclosed form and returning it as sug-
gested.’
“If these documents have been sant to
every policyholder the cost tothe company

 

 

   
  

 

 

 

and the cost of printing and stationery as
How you justify sch ex-

I fail to understand.

“These documents are coming to us it at A
great numbers from infuriated policy- Be
holders with the request that our committee v

take some action to prevent your thus
wasting the money of the policyholders in
the attempt to return yourselves to office.

“J have also had placed in my hands cir-
cular letters signed by your vice-president,
Mr. Buckner, and sent broadcast to your
agents some monthsago before the pending
bills were introduced and at a time when
it was expected that your election for trus-
tees would be held on April 11. At enor-
mous expense to the company the‘ agency 3
force was circularized and inducemente fo
held out to them to gather proxies in favor § @
of the present management. In these oir- o
culars schemes and combinations are sug- is 7s
gested and the agents are told how many ay
proxies are expected from each of them by ;
the management.

“1 am told that, as the result of this mis-
use of the time of the high priced officiala |. >
of the company and of the agency foro -
you have within the last three months sue # ‘
ceeded in collecting through your agents q i

0

 

 

 

and otherwise from policyholders who are
unfamiliar with existing conditions about
100,000 proxies, of which, approximately;
70,000 come from your home office agente;
about 15,000 from the Chicago branches
and about 15,000 from your foreign agencies
through your Paris office.

“Upon the publication of the Armstrong
report you issued instructions to stop this
campaign, We supposed that was the end
of it and that you would await the result
of the recommendations of that report.

“You have now resumed the oampaigry
apparently in the hope of ‘stealing a march’
on the policyholders while they are in this
defenceless situation, owing to the short
time intervening between now and April 11
and to your refusal to allow them to inspect
the lists of policyholders.

“It is generally understood that you
and your associates are bending all your
efiorts and influence to the defeat of the
bills that are ainsed at legislating the prea

as

WAY

gt Spine tlige,

§

.