ee ee ee

TR EA

nt re et

 

 

WILLIAM M. LAPPAN.

THURSDAY, MAY 8, 1002.

—

GBubdscriptions by Matl, Postpaid.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   
  
  

  

DAILY, Per Month «0.0... 666 sce eee eee eee se, 60 BO |
NAILY, Per Year .... e . 600
SIUINDAY, Per Year. .... 06.00 esses .200
DAILY AND SUNDAY, Per Year ...... 8 00
DAILY AND SUNDAY, Per Month.... .... 7

Postage to foreign countries added.
‘Tne SUN, New York City.

 

Parre—Kiosqne No. 12, near Grand Hotel, and
Kiosque No. 10, Bovlevard des Cap ucines
Tf owr friends who faror us with manusertpts for
wish to hase resected articles returned, they
must in all cases send stamps for that purpose.
Saeed

 

 

 

Teller the Various.

The Denver Republican, a journal
which ought to know Senator TELLER
well, remarks of that statesman:

“ You can't tel) where he will stand for ten min-
utes. One day he will advocate with fervid elo-
quence the adoption of particular policy, and the
next weep over the criminal folly of the country
tn following bis advice.”

We have shown how true this {s with
regard to Cuba. It is equally true of
fenator TELLER'S attitude on the Philip-
pine question.

Mr. TELLER is now an avowed Scuttler.
He stands squarely with the other scut-
tlers, PaTrerson, RawLins, CARMACK
and the rest. It is only two or three
days since he was almost tearfully com-
plaining in the Senate that “ our side ”*
—meaning his side, Mr. TELLER'S side—
was doing all the debating. Mr. LopcE
had not then spoken.

Senator TELLER has already made one
speech for Scuttle and he has announced
his intention to make another. In the
speech which he has already made he
exclaimed, with tears in his voice:

“I watt to say now, Mr. President, that the
American people cannot escape the condemnation
that the world will put upon us, the condemnation
that our own people will put upon us, the condemna-
tion that every right-thinking man must put upon
himself if he does not protest against this wicked
and miserable attempt to compel these people to
accept our Government whether they desire It or
not.”

Yes, that is what Mr. TELLER wants
to say now. What he wanted to say,
and did say, a little while ago is quite a
different thing.

In the Senate of the United States on
December 20, 1898, the Hon. HENRY M.
TELLER, debating with Senator Hoar
and others the policy of this Govern-
ment in the Philippines, defined his
views with a clearness and vigor which
he can hardly surpass in his coming
great, speech on the other side of the
same question. Then he said:

“1 do not want to give up these Islands. I do
not want to surrender them to anybody tn the
world. Ido not want to govern them in the spirit
of the colonial governments of Murope, or as many
of them are being carried on. I do not want to
@ive them up, because to give them up would be to
leave those people In @ worse condition than they
were when we took away the power of Spain. We
may leave them a prey, perhaps, to their own vices,
We leave them to bea prey of all Europe. We musi
stand forthem. We uave put up our fag. There
@ is going to stay

And again in the same speech:

“| am not dealing with this question believing
that we are not to have embarrassment, that we
are not to have trouble. I know we shall have
but I do not believe we should shrink from our
duty because there may be difficulties attending It,
It may cost us some money; but tt has cost us al
ready at least 8300000000. and It has cost ustwo
or three thousand lives
more.”

It may cost us as much

Having read this declaration by Mr
TYLLER that the American flag is in
the Philippines to stay, and that neither
the expenditure of money nor the sacri-
fice of human
Government from performing the duty

which has devolved upon it in that quar- |

ter of the globe, Mr. TELLER's fellow

citizens will be better prepared to weigh |

his impending remarks on the advisa-
bility of hauling down the flag and
then scuttling.

 

Is a New German Tariff Needed for
Revenue as Well as Protection ?

It is commonly taken for granted that
the increased customs duties proposed
by the German Iraperial Government to
the Reichstag and the still higher duties

demanded by the Agrarian party repre- |

sent simply a desire to protect native
industries against foreign competition,
So far as the agricultural interest is con-
cerned, the assumption is undoubtedly
warranted: the Agrarians have no other
end in view but to secure a monopoly
of the home market for native farm
préducts, There is reason to believe,
however, that the Government is power-
fully influenced by the recognized neces-
sity of augmenting the public income,
and the fact has been hitherto over-
looked that the duties leviable on the
proposed higher scale advocated by
Chancellor von BCLOW are expected
to yield an annual addition of hetween
forty-five and fifty million dollara to
the imperial revenue. It will be easy to
show that a considerable addition is
imperatively needed.

It might have been foreseen that the
financial resources of the Empire and
of ita constituent States would be affected
by the severe economic crisis through
which Germany has been passing, and
from which it cam hardly expect to re-
cover quickly. On the one hand, the
power of the taxpayers to meet exac-
tions has been crippled, while, on the
other, owing to the fact that in the larger

and medium-sized towns nearly five

per cent. of the operatives and artisans
have been thrown out of work and made
dependent upon charity, the govern-
ments of constituent States, including

notably Prussia and Wirtemberg, have
been obliged to intervene and afford
relief, Then, again, the assent of the
Reichstag to the bills providing for a
colossal expansion of the navy has im-
posed a huge additional burden upon
the Federal There no
doubt that the constituent
Rates the the local
finances diMeutt, if noe

to make both ends moet

Lachequer in

in some of
fcliministratora of
have found i
Im nmossible

To balance even the Prussian budget
has been no easy task, and in Saxony 4
heavy deficit is looked for It will

that

he
teu embered

lives should deter this |
| defendants.

 

Ps

tion of the German Empire, wherever | his face. There are singing and acting

the imperial revenue falls short of im-

perial expenditure, the deficiency is |

until the audience is in high good humor.
Then the candidate whacks the prohib-

| made good by so-called matricular con- | itory law, “ which is responsible for fifty

|

|

 

|
|
|

|

| the law against combination?
| company be legally disrupted?

| ize another company of similar charac-

 

under the Constitu | Oem of ragtime

jean be no adjudication annulling such

tributions exacted from the constituent |
States. At the present time some of |
these States complain that their financial
troubles are due to the ever-increasing |
weight of the matricular contributions.
It is true that the imperial revenue has |
risen from about $385,000,000 in 1898-99
to an estimated amount of over $585,- |
000,000 for the next fiscal year. The}
expenditure, however, for imperial pur- ;
poses has more than kept pace with the |
increase of revenue, and a deficit is an- |
ticlpated by the imperial estimates for
1902-03. It is officially admitted that,
under existing conditions, it will be im- !
possible to require larger contributions |
from the Federal State. The deficit, |
therefore, must be made good by a loan,
although during the last ten years the
imperial debt has been considerably
enlarged and although it was only the !
other day that the last issue of bonds |
took place. |

If by a new tariff an addition of from
forty-five to fifty million dollars could
be made to the imperial revenue, it would
be possible to avoid a recurrence to loans
for some time to come, while the matricu-
lar contributions might be lightened,
or, at all events, not augmented. To
assure such an increase, however, it |
would be necessary for the tariff adopted |
by the Reichstag to adhere for the most
part to the lines of the bill introduced
by the Government. The inordinate du-
ties proposed by the Agrarians, with
a single eye to the monopcly of the do-
mestic market, would prove practically
prohibitive, and, consequently, would
curtail, rather than expand, the im-
perial revenue.

It is, doubtless, for this
reason that Chancellor von BULoW has
set his face like flint against the Agrarian
proposals, quite as much aa because he
sees that the right to admit foreign
products under a relatively moderate
scale of duties is indispensable to the
conclusion of commercial treaties by
which alone can foreign markets be ob-
tained for German manufactures. Even
though the expected deficit in the im- '
perial budget is met with a loan, an |
increased revenue must be procured,
if only to provide interest and a sinking
fund for the recent and prospective
additions to the public debt.

 

 

The Northern Securities Case To-day.

The answer of the Northern Securities
Company to the second bill filed by the
State of Minnesota gives to that case a
somewhat new aspect. The answer
replies particularly to two questions
raised by the bill: Did the Northern
Securities Company intend to violate |
Can the

It appears that the Northern Securi-
ties Company was formed originally |
to hold Great Northern stock only. The
purpose was to insure a continuance of
a certain successful policy by convey-
ing the controlling interest to a holding |
company, of which the control would be |
less easily disturbed. The idea of Boe |

'
|
|
!

quiring the stock of the Northern Pacific
company, the other great party to the
forbidden merger, did not arise until
after the struggle for the Northern
Pacific had brought on the panic of |
May, 1901. The parties who after the;
panic held the controlling interest of the |
Northern Pacific decided to place their |
stock in the then existing Northern Se-
curities Company rither than to organ-

ter and purpose.

The most important argument in the
answer is that, as in the case of the first
bill, the second is untenable because of
failure to include all who are rightfully

The Security company’s purchases
of railway shares, which the suit is to
annul, were, on the other side, sales, by
parties whose right to dispose of their
property is above question. There are
many of these parties who had no con-
nection with the affair save to sell their
railway shares to the Securities com-
pany after its organization. Obviously, |
in their exclusion from the suit there

sales to the Securities company. A de-
cree to such an effect, as praved for
by the petition, would necessarily de-
prive the original seliers of their prop-
erty without due process of law.

Such is the situation to-day.

The Candidate in Evening Clothes.

Of the two principal Republican can-
didates for Governor of Vermont, Col.
FLETCHER D, Proctor swears by pro-
hibition, and Ger. J. G. McCULLOUGH is
accommodating enough to avow his
willingness to sign any sort of liquor |
law which the Legislature may see fit to
pass. The Hon. PERCIVAL W. CLEMENT,
President of the Local Option League,
ia resolute against prohibition and for
a local option law; and he is making an
interesting canvass. He travels in his
private car

Mr. CLEMENT doesn't seek to hum-
bug the hard-headed Green Mountain-
eers by an imitation of rustic costume
His meetings are held at night, and he |
always appears at them in what some
of our esteemed contemporaries de-
scribe as “full” or “immaculate ” even-
ing clothes. He marches from his pri-
vate car to the hall, the village brass
band blowing its loudest before him and
the eves of man and maid staring at his
“ Inverness " coat and lis “ crush ” hat
He says the farmers know that he uses
his private car when he travels on busi-
ness and that he wear a apiketail coat
of Besides, how he pay
them a better compliment than by put
ting on his best togs when he ia to talk

nights can

to them? Gen, BUTLER, a shrewd cam
paigner, used to be of the samme op onion

Mr. CLEMENT has been Vresident of |
the Rutland railroad and Mayor of Rut-
land, and a member of both branches
ef the Legislature. He ia a very sub
stantial citizen, but not at all solemn

He gives the Vermonters a goood «|

He takes a colored quartet with bin
When the brass band iw out ef wind
the Quartet sings It Meet Have Beer
the Ghost of a Coon,” “ Mamimy's Little

Pumphin-Colored ( oon,” and other ech
‘The comedian twista

| harmony.

years of bribery, fifty years of corrup-
tion, fifty years of plunder, of black-
mail and of extortion, fifty years of
drunkenness and debauchery,” and asks
his hearem to vote for local option
and high license. He tells some French-
Canadian dialect stories; the quartet
comes out and sings as long as anybody
wants to hear it. Then it goes to the
hotel and sings for an hour while the
voters are talking over the speech.

The caucuses will not be held till the
middle of June. For five weeks or so,

| the Vermonters are assured of free en-

tertainment. They will also have the
chance to hear hard sense about the
prohibitory law; but it is not to be ex-
pected that they will want to change
that time-honored Vermont institution.

 

Democratic Divisions.

The Galveston News, one of the ablest
and most candid of Southern Democratio
journals, gives this catalogue o! |e dis-
agreements among Texas Demucrats:

“There are among them ell-around expansion
Democrats, hemispherical expansion Democr: ‘+.
Cuban expansion Democrate and South American
expansion Democrats. There are among them
tarif-for-revenue Democrats, protection Demo-
orats and Democrats who, while not favoring
protection, yet, as long aa tt I# extended to certain
interests, demand it for those in which they are
interested, hence may be called want-a-bite Dem-
ocrats. The fact is that the party may be called
an allied party itsel?.”

The same divisions are found among
the De:nocrats of other States. There
is also the sharp antagonism between
the Bryan Democrata and tho anti-
Bryan Democrats. Even in the matter
of hostility to the trusta there is no real
unity. The* wool-hat " Democrats and
the Democrats from whom fat sub-
scriptions to the campaign fund are ex-
pected are not of a mind; and all the
Democratic blustertng against the trusts

is made a little ridiculous by the fact |

that some of the loudest blusterers are
themselves deep in trusts.

There is no real Democratio policy.
There is no known basis of Democratic
Where is it to be found?
What will be the magic word? It will
not be abuse of the American army;
that much is certain.

At Sampson's Grave.

Out of respect to the memory of Rear
Admiral SAMPSON, and out of considera-
tion of what in the nature of things is
fitting and decent, a word should be said
concerning his funeral.

For reasons not necessary to specify
Rear Admiral SCHLEY will not, of course,

be there. But neither should Admiral |

Dewey be there without fulfilling a cer-
tain preliminary duty.

Before the recent Court of Inquiry
SAMPSON made but one suggestion.
“With the guilt or innocence,” he said,
through his attorney, “ of the officer
under investigation, Rear Admiral
Scuuey, I am not concerned; but since,
from what the latter has said, it is morally
certain that he will assert a claim to
the command at Santiago, before the
court pronounces upon that question
I pray to be heard.”

The court decided that the command
was not at issue before it, and that,
consequently, SAMPSON should not be
heard.
cision in its verdict. But fresh from
his refusal to admit SAMPSON, as not an
interested party, GEORGE DEWEY went

out of his way, without investigation |

and, as it turned out, contrary to the
facta as given by the Captains of the
Santiago fleet, to declare that the com-
mander was SCHLEY, and, so far as he,
Drwey, was able, deliberately to rob
SAMPSON of what a commander may

well regard as the dearest of all treas- |

ures—the honor of victory.

We can imagine no act more unfair to
a brother officer, no act more essentially
mean than this. Unless, for the sake
of the truth of history and of fair play,
Admiral DEWrY can make the manly

atonement of withdrawing the utterance |

referred to, it would be more fitting that
he should seclude himself from all cere-
monies in memory of SAMPSON.

 

At Hackensack.

Mr. Feurx ADLER delivered a very phil-
osophical address before the League for
Political Education at the Lyceum last
Monday night on the labor movement,
telling hia hearers that its greatest need
was of “leaders of high purpose, and
great mental and moral scope.”

When Mr. ADLER speaks again he
may point his argument with the present
condition of the dye works in Hacken-
sack

yesterday guarding property which was
| in dange: of attack. They were on duty

because some workmen in Hackensack
claimed immunity from law on
ground that they are poor.

The deputies will have to stay there
until the strike has been fought to a
finish or settled, the Hackensack
community makes up {ts mind that law-
lessness will not be tolerated. The labor

or

movement doesn't need better leaders
eo much as it needs sounder public
sentiment,

 

The Rev. Epwarp Everett Hace has ex-
pressed @ pretty enlightened view of the
* duties of the twentieth century ° before
the Twentieth Century Club in Chicago.
The greatest duty is to build railroads, one,

| of four tracks, from Labrador to Patagonia;

the second across Kurope from the Atlantic
to the Pacific, and another from Cairo to
the Cape The second duly concerns the
race question ereated by the
whites, negroes and vellow Orientals

third dut

contact of
The
to advocate universal peace

Dr. Hane might well have gone a little
further by mentioning as a especial duty,
uuder the head of railroads, the building
of a railroad through the island of Luzon,
in need of it

vy is

etill very mucl

The renomination of the Hon, Josren G
Cannon of Vern whe a matter of course
mut ia pot the le 4 matter for congratula
thon The bifty-eighth will be Uncle dors
ifteenth ng He has been nominated

xteen ines and ele <] #hxte@On titles

nouns one He has bad bote of expenence,
some of it chastening and to the nprove-
ment of his rhetorical taste, When his

epare figure eres and his angular arme

THE SUN,

The court respected this de- |

Seventy-five deputies were there |

the |

begin to gyrate, nobody thinks of leaving
the House or its galleries till he bas finished;
and they who listen generally hear sense,
wit and the conceptions of genuine patriot-
ism. Mr. Canwon has fairly earned the
right to be considered by Vermilion, by
Tilinois, and by the whole country one of
the most useful men in public life.
Secretary Root's reply to the Senate
resolutions on the orders issued in the

 

document that was expected from him.

The War Department and the army have |

had and have nothing to conceal. Gen.
Cuarres, his predecessors and his sub-
ordinates have acted under General Order
No. 100 of 1868, which is law for the army
now as it was then. Severe measures have
been used against the enemy by command-
ers whenever it seemed necessary for the
safety of persons under American protec-
tion, and the result has shown them to be
more humane to ail than milder measures
would have been. Where there have been
accusations against officers of violating
the rules of war those officers have been
brought to trial.

The Secretary’s statement should silence
all accusers of the army.

 

Of all American successes {n competition
with the English, triumph {n polo would
be the most surprising. The British polo
players are many times ours, and have
the advantage of that magnificent leisure
for practice which is had in this country
in but limited quantities, but the two in-
formal matches, of which the second oo-
curred yesterday, have been full of encour-
agement for the Americans. And they

say that the American team has not been
80 anxious about the English men as about
the English ponies.

WHAT HAPPENED TO BOWEN.

Philippines is the frank and emphatic
|

 

 

 

 

 

No Wonder That He Begins to Suspect
That te Is Uniucky.

From tne Indianapolia Newe

CHARLESTON. Ind., May 8—Walter E.
Bowen has a number of narrow escapes to
his credit, and he carries many scars, but
notwithstanding his experiences, hia physical
condition is good. Mr. Bowen describes him-
self as “my own Jonah.” Nearly every year
since his fourth birthday he has met with
some accident whioh has confined him to his
bed for at least a month

When Mr. Bowen was but four years old
an angry turkey gobbler nearly “flopped”
him to death. The next year he was almost
| drowned in a branch by a young woman, who
attempted to toss him from bank to bank.
| One year later he was kicked through a stable
window by a mule, striking against a scant-
ling. The scantling rebounded, tossing
Bowen back through the window, and he was
again knocked ont by the mule. The second
time the boy failed to be returned by the
scantling, otherwise the mule would have
continued the game indefinitely, and until
the boy's life was crushed out. That same
year he was found asleep in the woods, with
| a large blacksnake wrapped about his body,
and it required careful work to kill the snake
without hurting the youngster

When he was 7 years olda cow tossed him
over a fence, breaking several ribs. A few
weeks afterward he fell into a creek, and for
the second time in his life narrowly escaped
death by drowning. yhen he was & years
old young Bowen had broken one of the hogs
on his father’s farm to ride, and he invited
| the son of a neighbor to a hog's-back ride.
After his friend has been mounted, Bowen
bounded astride an untamed animal, and
with one wild “whoof” the animal plunged
over a {ifty-foot bluff into the creek below
with the boy on his back. Thehog was flat-
tened out like a pancake by the force of the
fall, but Bowen's fall was broken by the ani-
mol underneath him, and in a few weeks he
was again able to roam in search of trouble

When he was 9 years old he was attacked
by a brood sow, which tore every stitch of
clothing off his person. In his tenth year
he was run over by a wagon, crippling him
for months. For three successive years he
| escaped injury, and then he waa struck over
| the head with a garden rake, and for a time
| hovered between life and death. After his
| recovery he was well sprinkled with bird shot
while hunting

Some years ago Rowen went South to work
tas a bricklayer, finding a job in Alabama

Immediately it began raining, never ceasing
| day or night, and, becoming discouraged,
{ he returned to Indiana, only to find a letter

following him saying that the rain ceased
immediately after his departure When
Bowen was appointed fanitor of the school
| building he signalized his appearance by
falling Into the water tank, but he knew how
to awim and escaped drowning, Last week
he fell from a band wagon, «fering a frac-
tured skull, from which he is now convalescing
Rowen now says that he is not only a “Jonah”
to himaelf, but also a “hoodoo.” While one
of the unlucklest men in town, however, he
continues one of the most popular

 

 

 

City and Country Women's Shoes.

From the Chicago Record-Herald.

Kansaa City, May 2.--"Wormen who live
in the country wear smaller shoes than the
women who live in cities,” said Frank B
Ring. a Chicago dealer in women's shoes,
to-day

“L sell few laree shoestocountry dealera,
but I find the city women_are wearing larger
sives than ever before, That ts because city
women want their feet to look long and nar-
row, while women in the country buy short,
broad shoes

Women's shoes vary in sive from Nos, 244
to & and much as 1 regret to any it, Kansas
City women have large feet, if my records
of sales to Kansas City dealers are any indi-
eation, I sell more No. & shoes in Kansas
City than anywhere else in the country.”

In Shinbone Alley.

To THE Foiron oF Tar Sun-Sir: I have been
quite Interested in the various reminiscent articles
ol negro minstrelsy in this country which have
appeared in Tre Stun. 1 wonder tf any of your
readers remember a celebrated banio player named
“Joe Sweeney?” He figured sometime in the ‘40s
and 1 have a dim recollection of his singing.

“Way down South In Shinbone alley,
Long time ago!” &c.
New Yoru, May 7 i.

 

A Well-Developed Case.
| From the Baltimore Heraid

“Hello, Jinks! Why, | haven't seen you
several weeks. How's your health?”
| “Poorly; every little thing-thong aeems to affect
me lately
| king kong.”

“Feeling that way, except for @ slight touch of
| spring fever

“Yes, spring sprong always affecta me, too;
makes ny bead ring-rong.*

“What In thunder ts the matter with you, old
man, the way you've got to talking?”

“Nothing thong,” sald Jinks, making a ewinging
|} movement of his arm through empty alr, as his
friend backed away in amazement and alarm

“I hear that you have become & great devotee
to the fashionable fad of tabie tennis.”

“Yes,” he sald wildly: “I ike to have my fling
flong and enjoy the banjo sing song of the game
of ping pong at every racquet’s sawing swong.
| while the celluloid sphere ts on the wing wong
I know that game's the thing-thong ——"

Gently the keepers from the asylum led him
away to his padded cell, the first vietim of the
omnipresent game of ping-pong

for

 

Two of Nooker Washington's Stortes.
From the Prilaceiphia lresa

In a recent speech hooker T. Washington re-
lated the story of a negro who purchased a third
class ticket, and Was aasigned to 4 seat with the
first-class passengers in a stage coach. He was
unable to uaderotand the distinction but when
the stage tuinbied into A ditch the driver called
Ou

First class passengers remain in your seats
second class passengers get out and walk, third
Class passcngers yct Out and push

Mr. Washington oso said that early in his days
| eae schouolteacher he found the log cabin in which
| he
}

 

taught school too small, and detcrmined to
employ @® henhouse a8 40 annes One morn
| ing be Inatructed @ begro assistant to clean out
the Lenhouse
“What eaclaimed the negro in astonishment,
“clean out & henhouse la the daytime’
Ground for sas victon
From the Phiiateipn ean
Mar eaid ti ning A mother u
e oo to me pou were ery ito Jobn thie
thet mg?
5.” whe replied I'm beginning to suspect

ul
ihe tdea! you have no reason to. |i sure.”

Haven't 1 dreamed inat wight thet I eew
him biasing another Women

Well, at any rate, you are looking like a |

NO OFFER TO DECORATE MILES.
The Subject Never Brought to the Atter-
tion of the President.

Wasninoton, May 7.—The recent report
to the effect that President Roosevelt ex-
pressed his disapproval of the intention
of the French Government to decorate Gen.
Miles and Admiral Dewey with the Cross
of the Legion of Honor is without foun-
dation. THE SUN correspondent is able
to state, on the highest possible authority
that neither the President nor the Sec-
retary of State ever made a suggestion
on the subject of the proposed decoration
of Miles and Dewey, and that the subject
was never brought to the attention of the
President in any way, so that he had no
opportunity to pass upon it if he had de-
sired to do so.

This authoritative denial {a reinforced by
the official statement of the French Embassy
that the President was never asked to express
his approval or disapproval of the French
Government's alle; ntention to decorate
Miles and Dewey and that the whole story
is without foundation, The Embassy ad-
mits, however, thal the subject of conferring
decorations in connection with the cere-
monies of the unveiling of the Roochambeau
statue have for some time been under dis-
cussion, and that the names of several
distinguished Americans have heen con-
sidered as worthy subjects of the honor.

As a matter of fact, however, there is no
secrecy as to what the President would
have replied had he been notified of the
desires of the French Government with
regard to conferring decorations upon Miles
and Dewey or any other Americans. He
would have expressed the personal hope
that it should not be done; in view of the
fact that it is not within the power of the
Ynited States to reciprocate. It can be
further asserted that should the French
Government now, after the gossip that has
taken place over this matter, notify the
State Depart ment of their desire to decorate
Miles or Dewey or any other American, the
reply of the President would be that he
would do the only thing in his power by
eubmitting the wishes of the French Gov-
ernment to Congress.

 

 

As a matter of fact the President regards |

the whole subject of decorations as most
trivial,and'would have no personal objection
to seeing Miles or any other American
covered from head to foot with crosees,
stars and ribbons, if this would make the
wearer happy.

CUBAN SUGAR INQUIRY.

Sugar Broker Testifes That Tarif Reduc-
tion Would Benent the Cubans.

Wasntnoton, May 7.—Manuel Rionda of
the firm of Czernikow, MacDougall & Co.
of New York and London, sugar brokers,
was a witness to-day before the sub-com-
mittee of the Senate Committee on Relations
with Cuba, investigating the ownership of
Cuban sugar and sugar lands.

Replying to questions by Senator Platt,
the witness said his firm last year had
handled approximately one-quarter of the
Cuban sugar crop.

As to what fixed the price of Cuban sugar,
he said it was a natural law that the largest

producer fixed the price, and as Germany |
was the largest producer in the world they |

looked to Germany for quotations.

Senator Platt asked what the eflect would
be on the price of Cuban sugar if the United
States reduced the duty. The witness
replied that it would enhance the value of
the sugar to the Cubans just as much as
the duty was reduced.

Asked what the effect in Cuba would be
if Congress refused to grant a tariff con-
cession, Mr. Rionda said emphatically it
would be very disastrous, because those
who had advanced money on the crop in
the expectation that sugar would bring at
least ibs cents a pound would immediately
eall in their loans and the crop would be
dumped on the market and sold at any
pewe it would bring. The Cubans were

nancially weak and would be forced to
sell. The result would be a panic.

The committee adjourned until
week,

MRS. DENISON NOMINATED.

Chosen by Committeé for President of the
Women's Club Federation.

Los ANGELES, Cal., May 7.-—The event of
importance at to-day'’sa session of the
Women's Federation of Clubs was the report
of the Nominating Committee, which was
a surprise, as many of the partisans of Mrs,
Platt Decker of Colorado believed she
would be at the head of the ticket. The
following waa the report:

For President, Mrs. Dimies T. 8. Denison
of New York; for Vice-President, Mrs,
Robert J. Burdette of California; for Second
Vice-President, Mrs. Emma Fox of Michi-
gan; for Recording Secretary, Mrs. W. T.
Coad of South Dakota

The forty women who formed the Nomi-
nating Committee labored until midnight
on this ticket, which was received to-day
with much favor by the convention, though
action on it was postponed till to-morrow
While there was keen disappointment
among many of the enthusiastic partisans
of Mrs. Decker it was the opinion of a great
majority that Mra. Denison deserved the
honor.

Although Mra. Decker appeared to re-
ceive the report amilingly and to acquiesce
in the decision of the committee it is whis-

next

 

 

pered that her name will be presented from |

the floor to-morrow morning by one of the
Massachusetts delegation

To-night the art section met and listened
to addresses vy Charles PF. Lummis of
Angeles and Nathan F. Barrett
Rochelle

Los

of New

 

How to Estimate a River's Width,

 

From the Philadelphia North American

To measure the width of any ordinary
atream, or even of a good-sized rive it is
necessary to make use of only vo eyes
andthe brim of vour hat That seen; weer,
doesn't it? But it's true, and here isthe way

to do it

Select a part of the river bank where the
ground runa back level, and, «tanding at the
water's edge, fix vour eyes on the opposite
bank Now, move your hat down over your
brow until the edge of the brim is exactly
on aline with the water line on the other side

This will give you a visual angle that may

| be used on any level surface, and if, as hoa

heen siggested, the grovnd on your side of

the river be flat, you may lny off" a corres.
sponding distance on it fo do thi« vou have
only to hold your head perfect] stendy,
after getting the angle with your hat brim,
eupporting your chin with your hand, if
necessary, and turn slowly around, until
your back is toward the river

Now, take careful note of where your hat-
brim cuts the level surface of the ground os

you look out over the latter, and from where
you stand to that point will be the width of

the river—a distance that may readiiv be
measured by stepping If you are careful
in all these details vou can come within a
| fow feet of the river's width
Jacksonville's Fire Harned a Year.
From the Fiortda Time nion ard Cttigen

While the fre which started on May 8, 1¥01, and
devastated the city was under control within seven
hours, yet It has been burning for the past 366
days

J. H. Kooker, William Baker and 4 reporter
went to the ruins of the old Mohawk block, and
with a shovel dug off the top of the pile of broken

| curiosities. are on exhibition.

| 4.40 P.M.

 

| Senator F

brick and mortar. Three or four inehes from
the top the piace Was warm and siniob Was Seen
to come from the hole dug Digging | deeper
each shoveiful became hotter and hotter es it wos
taken out Digging @ littie deeper, red coulis were
found, and as soon a8 the breege fanned tt t blazed
‘The fre department was notined, and @ stream of |

water was turned on
Thus it Was that one year after the commencing

ofa fre the department 's called upon to put it out
Thie place bas blated up several times since the
day of the re, and the last time. about five months
ago, the department soaked it theroughly with
water A quantity of grain ad been stored tn
the building, Which stood on the sit where tt
digging took place yester and ‘ sg
ihat s been smouldering ad ‘
siderable crowd of people gat red are

the place yesterday, and were asiomsied at the
fact of the fire burning »& i ‘ eae nrhed
that ali records were bioaer eto Lhe length ia

time of Durning of a fre by the one in Jacksonville
which horned e whole year

| office by President Seth Low was opened

| as a bibliographical

} Statement

TO WELCOME FRENCHMEN.

| Parade of Two National Guard Brigades
—Mayor's Committee.

Mayor Low announced yesterday the
names of the members of the committee
that he appointed to take charge of the re-
ception to be given in honor of the French
officers coming to this country on the
French warship Gaulois to take part in
the dedication of the monument to Rochan-
beau in Washington on May 24. These are
the members of the committee:

The Mayor, the Comptroller, the President
of the Board of Aldermen, the Vice-Pres-
ident of the Board of Aldermen, the Pres-
idente of the boroughs of Manhattan, Brook-
lyn, The Bronx, Queens and Richmond, the
Ambassador and former Ministers to France
resident in New York—Horace Porter, John
Bigelow, Levi P. Morton, Whitelaw eid,
the former Cabinet officers resident In } ty
York—Cornelius N. Bliss, John G Carlito,
Charles 8. Fairchild, Lyman, J. Gage, Danie
8. Lamont, Benjamin F. Tracy, William
C, Whitney; the’ Lieutenant-Governor and
former Governors and former Lieutenant~
Governor of New_York, resident in New
York~—Timothy L, Woodruff, Alonzo B. Cor-
nell, Frank 8, Biack, William F. Sheehan;
and former Mayors—David A. Boody, Ed-
ward Cooper, Alfred ©. Chapin, Smith Ely,
Franklin Edson, Thomas F. Gilroy, William
R. Grace, Hugh J. Grant Abram 5. Hewitt,
Charles A. Schieren, Robert A. Van Wy.°,
David D. Whitney, Frederic W. Wurster.

President Fornes of the Aldermen ap-
winted the following to represent the
Seard: Aldermen Willett, Sullivan, Dowling,
Morks, Mathews, Porges, Owene, Oatman,
Bridges, Peck, Stewart, Kenney, Tobbett:,

Keeley, Wentz

The visitors are e d here on May
27, coming from West Point, They will go
to the City Half to be received, and after
the ceremonies there they will at once
to a reviewing stand to be erected tn Madi-
son Square, where the two brigades of
militia in this city will be paraded for their
inspection.

In the evening the guests will dine with
the Society of the Cincinnatt, On May 28
they will be gueste ai a luncheon at Clere-
mont, and then they will visit Grant's Tomb.

On Thursday they will be entertained by
Whitelaw Reid, former Ambassador to
France, and later in the day they will go to
Newport where they will spend Memorial
Day.

 

TAX LISTS IN NEWPORT.

 

Slight Increase in the Rate—The Asseas-
ments of Former New Yorkers.

Newport, R. I., May 7.—The tax asses-
sors of Newport to-day turned over their
books to the city with the amount of as-
feasment and the names of the new tax
pavers. Last year the tax was $11 on $1,000;
this year it has been raised to $11.40. The
total axsesament {is real estate, $33,853,200;
personal, $7,900,000. On both a tax of
$475,006.74 will be paid. This is an increase
of taxes of $2,111.84.

The new personal property taxes are:
Caroline W. Astor,
Schermerhorn $150,000; C,
$10,000; Harnilton Fish Webster,
Winthrop Astor Chanler, $5,000
FR. Huntington, $20,000: Gibson Fahnestock,
$20,000.

The new taxes on real estate are: Austin

M.

Flint, Jr., $13,400; H, O. Havemever, dr., |
lanoey |

$32,000; Mary B. Jennings, $27,700;
Kane, $56,400; W. Rogers Morgan, $83,800,
(. M. Oelrichs, $22,100, Sallie H. Elliot;
$18,100.

‘Those taxed on roan gee rty seoured
certificates of citizenship in Rhode Island
through the Supreme Court at a recent
date, Besides the names here there were
quite a number of cottagera from Phila-
delphia, Boston and Providence who were
added to the tax list for large eurns.

 

GOV. TAFT'S MISSION TO ROME.
Is to Negotiate With the Vatitoan for the
Purchase of Friar Lands.
WasHInaton, May 7.—Secretary Root
and Gov. Taft had a conference with Presi-
dent Roosevelt this afternoon, lasting
several hours. The principal subject con-
sidered was Gov. Taft's trip to Rome to
negotiate with the Vatican for the pur-
chase of the friar lands. Special instruc-
tions for Gov. Taft's guidance had been
prepared and were approved by the Presi-
dent. They contemplate the severance
of the relations between the Church and
State in the Philippines to a limited extent.
The condition now existing is due to the
fact that the Church occupies land for
which it has no title from Spain, but which
is claimed by the Church on the ground
of a mutal interest which existed under
Spanish dominion, There is other property
which is admittedly owned by the Church,
and this the United States proposed to
buy. In this way it is hoped to place the
Catholic Church on the same footing in

the Philippines as other denominations.

 

Bibliographical Museum at Colambia.
The large hall In the Columbia Untver-
sity library formeris used as a private

by Librarian James H. Canfield yesterday
museum. Rare edi-
tions, old manuscripts and papyri, besides
the famous Phoenix collection of literary
The public
will be admitted daily between @ A. M. and

 

 

More Cases Disposed of Under Jerome.

District Attorney Jerome gave out a
yesterday showing that hia
office has cleaned up more work in the first
four months of his term than his predeces-

sors. In the first four months of his term
W. M. K. Oleott disposed of 1,613 cases;
Col. Gardiner, 1,57" cases, Mr. Philbin,

1,58) cases, and Mr. Jerome, 1,805 cagea,

Too Credulous,

From the Warhinoton Poat
Congratulate you on the fine reception
which T heard vou were honored with out fn
Indiana,” some one yesterday remarked to
‘irbanks, who has just returned
from the Republican Convention in Indiana-

polis
“That reminds me,” said the Senator,
“of always good story. In a

an old but
sleeping car A man Was snoring most loudly
and nobody else in the car could sleep, Finally
it was decided to awaken him and compel
him to quit snoring or stay awake. So atter
much difficulty, he was aroused

“What's the trouble?” he asked

“ Your snoring keeps everybody in the car
awake and it has got to stop"

“How do von know IL snored?” questioned
the disturber of the peace
“We heard you waa the reply
Well said the man who snored, aa he
turned over to go a asleep again, * Don't be-
lieve all you hear.”

An Angora Cat Whips a Hawk

From the Baltimore Herald

Reratn, Md May 2? 4 few mornings
ovo lare hieken huwk swooped down
with terrific Velocity upon what it must have
thought to he a white chicken in the poultry
yard of William H. Paul, near irltor
was the nofstake of the aerial bird's life, as
this particular object of its prey proved to |
be a pet Angora cat named Colonel

The eat was taken by surprise at firet
but seon gathered itself together and a furious |
battle was soon in progress, which resulted
in the discomfiture of the attacking party. |
The conflict was short, sharp and decisive

and before Mr. Paul arrived on the seene
the hawk flew away, minus a large mouthful |
of feathers, which the Colonel retained as a
troph The cat was badly out by the talons

of the hawk

a ma \
Parnest, bol Confused,

From the Philadelphia Timea

 

At @ recent dinner, one of the epeakers re.
lated the story of a Visitortoa Runday school
who, in addressing the children, said

1 come from Maseachunett I amon my
way to Maryland, and | have stopped over
here tot fo you children and to ve you
fror voing to } After repeating this
introduction to lite remarks, the vieitor said

‘ jren, where did | come
fre
i tt isthereply. in chor
' bu ' ! ked

Vier ‘| his @ raplical route
hod evid ot wen deoply nipressed
or ' ‘ erihe hen the silenee Was
biok

Jo hell!” eame the prompt and startling |

reply from an earnest but confused pupil

£100,000, Wilham C. |
Ovlrichs, |
$20,000; |
Samuel |

ee

 

| answered

EXAMINATION PAPERS SOLD?

Questions for Police Promotions Said to
Have Been Offered tn Advance.

There has been talk this week among
the policemen who took the civil service
examination last Saturday for promotion
to roundsemen about papers purporti:¢
to contain the questions to be asked at th«
examination having been offered for sal-
previous to the examination.

Four of the five examination papers
were offered for $50 on the day before the /
examination, many policemen from cif
ferent precinets say, while the fifth paper
was produced on Saturday, a short time
before the examination, and offered for
sale for $10. Thies price was reduced
gradually to $2 as the time eset for the ordea)
approached.

he examination was held in the Grand
Central Palace at 11 o'clock Saturday
There were five papers, containing abovi
thirty-eight questions, the policemen say,
and some of the candidates finished t),
examination before 1 o'clock, while othe:
were still at work at nightfail.

Three policemen in an uptown Weer
Side precinct are said to have mace
a pool of $50 to get the four papers and to
have spent Friaay evening in the baok
room of a saloon going over them,

“Might not those papers have contained
fake questions?” a policeman was asked.

“You wouldn't find a policeman giving
up $50 for a gold brick. He knows who
he's dealing with before he gives up hia
cash, It is not a 1 policemen wi)!

o back on the man bought the goous
rom, either. He's as bad himself, anc
he knows it. Lote of those who had in-
tended to go up for the examination didi
hot do so when hey heard on Friday what
was going on. ey didnt care about
parting with $50 and t take their chances
ob promotion,” he answered.

 

 

VOTING MACHINES, MAYBE.

 

Burean of Elections Takes Preliminary
Step-—Dady There.

The Bureau of Elections voted yesterday
to ask the Board of Estimate to prescribe
as the Charter requires in the case of pat-
ented articles the conditions under which
a type of voting machine may be selected
for the city. Manufacturers of different
machines have offered them. Their gen-
eral adoption, the board says, would ca)!
for an expenditure of several hundred
thousand collars.

All the members of the board, includin
Col. Dady, voted for the resolution. Co
Dady at such meetings as he has attended
has moved that the board adopt voting
machines, but his resolution never went.

 

Not Too Sure of Him.

From the Boeton Fvening Tranecript,

A constituent from San Francisco was
recitiig to President Roosevelt his list of
extraordinary qualifications for the consu
lar berth he was seeking, while Senator
Pervins stood by, a smiling and approving
Hey one

And do you believe the Senator will give
sou his indorsement for this place?” asked
he President ‘

“I haven't _a doubt of it,” the applicant
“I am quite willing to rest m)
chances on what the Senator will say.”

“Very well,” said the President, turning
to the Senator.

“But on one condition,” the applicant
added, with haste. “I must be permitted
to leave this room after the Senator.”

NOTES.

 

POLITICAL

 

The Prohibition Sheriff of Cumberlan 4 county.
Me, which tncludesa the city of Portiand, ewore
Out last year 4,034 warrants for violators of the
Liqwor law and served 4,916. The total number of
g@alions of liquor seized was 9.553 and the fines and
costs collected $20,325.

The Virginia Constit tonal Convention, which
has adjourned unt! Mag 22, has taken no forma!
action as to the submission of the new Constitution
to the voters of the Old Dominion, but United
States Senator Janie!. who is, perhaps, the most
conspicuous member of the convention and cer
tainly the recognized spokesman of the Democratic
party in Virginia, has deciared in favor of such sub
mission In these words

“The people wanted the convention and called
it. If they want the new Constitution they wi!
adopt It. If they do not want |t, they should not
be compelied to accept it”

At the Wayne County Democratic Convention In
Tilinols resolutions were presented which failed to
mention W. J. Bryan. A deiegaie from Barefoot
township asked why, and the convention added
a clause reaffirming its allegiance to the Kansas
City platform and Bryan. Wayne county i in
central Iilinols, far from the banks of the Wabash,
It includes Hickory Hall, Zif, Indian Prairie, Big
Mould and Barnhill townships.

 

The retirement of Senator Jones, the veteran
leader of the Arkansas Democracy, and the new
political prominence of bis successor, former Gov-
ernor Clarke, will be, Arkansas Democrats de-
clare, the means of furnishing Senator Tillman of
South Carolina with a colleague in Washington
who “will keep things moving.” The Arkansas
method of keeping things moving does not find,
however, universal favor elsewhere,

The State of California elects this year a Gov-
ernorin place of Henry T. Gage, Republican, elected
in 1898 by nearly 20,000 malority over Judgs Ma
guire, the Fusion candidate. There ta factiona!
Republican opposition to the renomination of Gor
Gage, and In San Francisco, which casts a con-
siderable part of the vote of California, party con
ditions are mixed.

A candidate for the Repuhican nomination for
Congress In the S" ol county district of Long
Island ts State fenctor W. W. Cocks of Naasan
Tinder the new apportionment the Third, Fourth
and Fifth wards of Queens, with Su folk and Nassau
counties, constitute the First Congress district

Wisconsin, after having heen far mane years
one of the closest and most uncertain States In
the country appears to have swurg into the Re
publican column with such steadfastness that now
there are few changes in the party vote and ati!
fewer in the Nepublican majority In 1808 the Re
publican Flectoral ticket received 298.0) votes In
Wisconsin and four years later tt recelyed 265,000.
The charge in the Democratic vote waa not moeh
greater and the Penublican plurality was incre ceed
from 102,099 *o 196,000. There is a State eleotion tn
Wiseonsin this year

The Virginia Legislature, which recertiy ad
journed, passed, near the close of Its aeasion, a Dit!
rerxpportioning the Congress districts of the
State In conformity with the new enumeration of
Inhabitants by the Federal census of 1900, and the
Governor has vetoed the bill Gor. Montague
was formerly Attorney-General of Virginia

There were two members of the last Faneae
Legislature descrited as Sliver Repudiicans, @
form of political desiqnation now nearly as osolete
as that of the Anti-Masonie party

There are in the borough of Brookiyn 20,000
apartment or tenement houses (less than half the
number of New York), 11,000 stores, 10.000 stables,
5.000 factories, 541 hotels or hotel.saloons, 818
schools, 540 churches, 08 theatres. 0! lodging
houses, 215 clubs, 46 station houses, 124 engine
houses, 158 hospitals and asylums, and 1,500 ware
houses

Tennessee has been reducing Ite State debt of
A ray'd rate Ten years ago !t owed $16,000,000, &

| much larger aum than any other State in the same

 

region, and carrying an interest charge of more
than $500,000 a year at @ time when the apoua
interest charge on New York's debt was leas thas
$406,000 and on that of Ohto less than & 10
Hecen'ly the State debt has been reat i and
Gov. MeMillan gives some tuterestirg 4
concerning the reduction of the State ‘
his administration Since Jar ! aot fens
has been reduced at the rate of $ A week
and the indebtedness paid » th ‘ ce
0010,006.%4 of Gonting debt and the rece yf
| $096,000 of State bonds. 4 total of $1415 166 ws
The Chicago l’ederation of Labor by aleterendur
vote of 738 uirions has appointed a
Committee composed of ten me eis Victories
| for labor candidates to San Fri Hridee
port, Ansonia and Hartford. Con account for
the action of the Chicago men
An lesue of this year's leg! tive tes 5
Florida le the proposed extons { e nf
the dispenarry eystem for the ene
of the sale }uer, as re
fa * 8 Hears
enue, the dispensary ayaste

Florida

There are (three States which have no debt, lows
Nebraska and Lilipols. There are three otners
which have aimost no det. Califorue Mon
tansend Nevade§ Allsizarcinthe Wen