THEATRICAL THINGS TO NOTE,

{V ACTRESS WHO CAN'T ACT AND
STILL IS DELIGHTFUL.

 

 

staniey Hawkins and Marion Parker as |
Novices In a Professional Show -—The
Mason Brothers as Imitators of the
Rogers Brothers —Women of the Stage.

There are good things in the new ex- |
travaganza at Wallack's theatre, “The
show Girl,” and one of them is a song that
does not end in the manner that it begins
(he stager ia an English chap in Cyprus,
where Parche is reincarnated, and he tells
her to a tuneful air that he loves her. The
melody shifts neatly into ragtime, and
when the chorus is reached the negroism
«uppermost. The transition is novel and
effective. Limelight and a backing of
suitably behaving women make it sightly
4 further and simpler factor is the comely
iwkwardness of the two persons chiefly |
neerned. The good-looking young man |
- Stanley Hawkins, up to this time a Boston
vnateur. He sings well, but cannot act

ut all, and his constraint is clumsy. The |
oung woman {s Marion Parker, a slim |
ind pretty novice from Louisville. They |

area handsome pair with a well-bred air, and
might pose with unconscious grace in a
drawing room, but on the stage they are
enbarrassedly aware of themselves. To
ig before folks disconcerts them. They
id each other's hands only after con-
ferable search, and her head has some

i fleulty in coming to a rest on his shoulder
tut they steady themselves when a kiss is
ive, and their lips meet with a precision
that shows what can be done by nervous

vsons when they pull themselves to-
rec her.

Miss Parker's untheatrio manner and
perturbed loveliness are delightful. What
she will be when she gets used to the stage
no one can foretell. But in her gentle and
polite inability to do anything professionally |
except sing she is an engrossing oddity. To |
~ee her in front of a row of unabashed
rus women and among a lot of assertive |
medians is to be convinced that any
degree of proficiency on the stage requires
arduous training. She is charming in her

 

 

ISLAND TROLLEY DEAL?

The New York & North Shore Rallway Co.
Sold —August Belmont Interested,
The New York and North Shore Railway
Company was sold yesterday by order of
William W. Gillen, referee in foreclosure
proceedings instituted by the New York
Security and Trust Company. Former

LONG

 

| Assemblyman Henry C. Johnson of Astoria,

was the auctioneer. E. Clarence Miller,
a Philadelphia capitalist, bought the prop-
erty for $100,000 over its liabilities. Present
at the sale were William H. Shelmerdine of
Philadelphia, President, and Jacob H.
Beetem, Vice-President and General Man-
ager of the New York and Queens County
Railway Company. The New York and
North Shore Railway Company was organ-
ized about three years age and owns the
trolley line between Flushing and Jamaica,
L. 1. It is a single track road about seven
miles long and much of it runs through
private property owned by the company

he corporation also owns valuable fran- |

chises that cover country roads to White-
stone, Bay Side, Willets Point, Manhasset
and other Long Island villages

The New York and Queens County Kail-
way Company owns and operates all the
trolley lines in and near Long Island City
and owns besides many valuable fran-
chises granted to it prior to consolidation,
It was reported after the sale that both
companies were to be absorbed by the
Interborough Rapid Transit Company,
incorporated at Albany on Tuesday with a
capital of $25,000,000. It is known that
August Belmont and persons interested
with him, within a month went over the
lines in the private car of Vice-President
Beetem and thoroughly inspected both
lants. The New York and Queens County
ines have fifty miles of track.

DRESSED AS CHRIST WAS,

Wealthy Citizen of Milford, Conn., Tries to
Copy the Saviour's Costume.
Mitrorn, Conn., May 7.—John M. Hub-
bard, a wealthy citizen who wears a cos-
tume on Sundays which he says is patterned

 

 

 

 
        
    
 

 

AQUARIUM LOSES COL, JONES.

NO SUCH PARTING SINCE THE
WHALE BADE JONAH ADIEU.

 

| Goodby, Sob the Eels and the Seals and

 

after that worn by Christ while on earth, |

made this statement:

“As imitation is the greatest compliment
that one can bestow upon another, I have
dared, out of respect to Him and in accord-
ance with what I cousider the exalted and
worthy promptings of my heart, to wear

negative personality, and it iseasy to believe | a robe or gown, either wine colored or white,

‘he manager's aseertion, that she is a re- |
ruit from “society.” But one more such
esitant and indecisive woman on the same

stage might break up the performance.
award E. Rice has put a number of un-

usual things into “The Show Girl” from his
own personally conducted “Empire State
xpress Galop” to the Mr. Price who danoes
in petticoats like the most
cular of Columbians in a college frolic, but
none of them is more refreshing to a jaded
theatrical rounder than the scared Miss
Parker, bless her dear heart!

The high price theatres have hardly any
stars who are not imitated for people who
pay less for stage entertainment. Mason
and Mason are to the cheaper houses as the
Rogers Brothers are to Broadway. Thou-
sands are laughing at them this week at the
Metropolis, and therefore their production
of a new play must be of interest. It is
called “Rudolph and Adolph,” and no author
is named. But the managers are the
Broadhurst who wrote “Why Smith Left
Home” and other funny farces and the
Currie who played leading réles in several
of the Hoyt pieces. So probably they were
iis makers, perhaps in collaboration with
the etars. William Shakespeare supplied
the original idea, and undoubtedly all the
actors concerned did their little best to
bring that idea up-to-date. Rudolph and
Adolph are twins, and are mistaken for each

 

other during two acts. One has a young | mistake in marrying

and pretty wife whose demonstrations of
affection are not objectionable, although
mystifying to his brother, whose wife is old
and vixenish. The older woman's abuse |
takes a physical form, and is as often given
to her brother-in-law as to her husband

At length the men come face to face |
in the presence of their wives, and every-
thing is explained at a glance. Each de-
cides to obviate further confusion by re-
moving his beard, but does not tell the
other. While they are absent an expected
mirror is brought in. It has been broken
on the way and only the frame remains.
This is placed in the middle of the room
[he twins enter simultaneously from the
sides, face through the mirror frame, and
shave themselves. Each supposes the re-
moval of a beard that he sees tb a reflection
of his own labor. That exhausts the de-
viees of mistaken identity in this farcical
“Comedy of Errors.”

The last act is at a theatrical costuming
establishment of the brothers. Costom-
ers try on gay stage gowns and do their
specialities. Mason and Mason imitate
the Koger brothers in parodies and jokes,
even ineluding an amusing list of bur-
lesque rules, in thia case for dwellers in a
Harlem flat. In place of the “Reuben and

   

racefully mus- |

| *Old

| on

and a yellow (gold) girdle upon the Chris-
tian Sabbath.

“Religious costumes or uniforms of some
sort are well known to most of the com-
munity, being largely used by officials in
some of our churches. Strictly speaking
they are not Christian because in some of
the most essential respects they are not
like the pattern given by our Great Prophet,
Priest and King. Whoever is inclined
to deny the truth of this statement is re-

etfully requested to examine Revela-
tions £., 18 and Isaiah 1xiii.,, 1, 2, 8.

“The common use of black has no sanction
whatever by the example of our master
His ideal working garb was dark red or
wine; his glorified raiment white and his
special insignia the golden girdle. Com-
pare also Revelations xv., 6 and Daniel x.,
5 for the golden girdle.”

LARNER CASE WITNESS SCARED.

“He's Shaking His Head at Me" —Daughter
Opposes Release of Mother.

Alma Louise Larner, who, supported

 

| by her third husband, Albert E. Larner, is |

| seeking for her release from restraint
and for the control of her estate of $200,000,
was confronted in Justice
| court yesterday by her daughter, Louise
Alma Coddington, who testified that the
mother had confessed that she had made a
rong Larner and
bad got into a trap. @ witness is suing
to have the marriage set asice,

Lerner is a son of the manager of the
$200,000 estate. John Dengel, a Brooklyn
baker, occupying a store owned by Mrs
Larner, testified that Larner came to his
store one day intoxicated to borrow money
and said:
man, I won't forget you I've
got a chance to get in on this property
some day and I'll remember you when I do,
I'll sell you this place right—damn right.”

Soon after giving the above bit of evidence
the witness with an apprehensive look
toward voung Larner exclaimed:

“I'm afraid of this man. He's a danger-
ous man. He is threatening me now
| He is sitting there shaking his head at me
and making motions.” 1e case was not
concluded.

 

CHURCHILL CHARGES READY.

Partridge Will Have Them To-day—Her-
Mhy's Trial Fixed for May 15.
Assistant District Attorney Sandford and
Inspector Cross who have been collaborating
the charges against Sergt. Churchill,
formerly acting commander of the Fifth

 

the Maid” song they have a ditty on the ; : ; ‘

! - . ; _ pcine e sloseted w .
sane order with the refrain, *So.much | ®t et prec ine t, were closeted ith Com
depends on knowing just how far a girl | ™issioner Partridge for some time late
should go.” This is sung by the dialect | yesterday afternoon Mr. Sandford left
eomedians and Jessie Mae Hall, a lively | the charges with Inspector Cross. Col

(tle soubrette. The real gayety of the

Partridge said after they had left that he

act comes, though, with the very con-
be: 6 ’ : pt them until t morn

ventional “sister act of the Laurence | would not get the nh until this morning
sitsters, of course billed as the Sisters { He said that while he could not set a date
Laurence. They throw so much vim and | for the trial of Sergt. Churchill until the
dash into their singing and dancing that | charges officially were in Lis hends, he
the audience wili hardly let them go even | would in all probability set it down for
after several encores. A pretty idea is a | M jay

; : ; next Monday
jance in which they hold over their heads

imbrellas the insides of which are hung |

with little eleetric bulbs that throw be-

coming lights on their faces

Ethel Barrymore, Elsie de Wolfe and
rancis Wilson sailed for England yester-
dav for their vacations. Miss Barymore
will return in September to rehears e atthe
Savoy for “The Flirt,” a play that Clyde
fiich has adapted from the French for
‘ Mias de Wolfe will spend the summer
with Elisabeth Marbury in Paris and re-
appear in “The Way of the World” in Oc-
tober, taking it on a tour that will last until
January, when she will come to New York in
anew play. Mr. Wilson will start his travel-
ling in “The Toreador” probably the first
week in September, and use no other piece
all season.

Frances Pemberton, an amateur from

 

Philadelphia's smart set, who recentiy
! {1 talent in “Camiile” at a apeciai

inée in her native city, has been en-
gaged by Joseph Jefferson to play Lydia

nguish and other leading female paris

in his repeertory
Henrietta Crosman haa engaged Charles
Cherry for her leading actor

Martha Morton dramatized John Strange |
Winter's novel of “The Trutitellers” several |
vearsago. Underthe title that Miss Morton
eave it, “The Little Pilgrima,” but radically

t by W. C. Bellows, it was lately
icled by a Washington stock company
there is a jolly row about it, as s!
t shall not be ueed again inthat condition, |

i ne save it shall

red

The charges are that Churchill allowed
30 houses of prostitution to flourish in his

precinct, that he allowed 10 mae? saloons
| to violate the law; that he falsified reports,

and that he indulged in criticism of a su-
| perior officer.

The last charge is made aganst Churchill
because of his criticisms of Inspector
Cross to reporters after Cross had invaded
the precinct and made wholesale raids

Justice Scott in the Criminal Branch of
| the Supreme Court yeater jay fixed the
| eyia) of Police Captain John D
| for May 15

LOVING CUP TO GEO. PRIMROSE,

 

Gift of the Siwanoy Golf Club —Lew Dock-

stader Presents It.
Mount VERNON, N. Y., Mar
Siwanoy Golf Club gave George H. Prim-
rose a big silver loving cup last night
The presentation took place aiter the Prim-
and Dockstader minstrel performance
of the whole troupe

*
‘

rose
and in the presence

Lew Dockstader made the speech on be
half of the club, Mr. Primrose in replying
said: “1 don't know what favor 1 have
done for the club to receive such a mag

nificent gift, unless | is that I let them cut
down four of inv appie trees to ‘ay ort
their golf course.”

 

Digoy Bell, Grant Stewart and Laura
' e Bell will be with DeWolf Hoppe:
eason in the comic oper a that Char
ins ng out of “I

lenwick Papers
Hopper t

fami
make him le

Kiewn
for Sin Ma
t}

!
nas

18 lev ime

rvel
MWICK, a
wall be

Adfred
Irving

k ae Pic
Mr. Bell
Siewarl the

Henry

rier e
1 Mi

which

ant
al
j t hi
far
mn de Angelis has been hired by
iperte for “The Emerald Isle" nv
Tis the piece for whiet
Sullivan had half finished thet
he died. Edward Germat ‘ |
igh his “Hen: Nill musi
mooie j ok wmby Cay
fione of Pere

oduced 4

Weller
4, a ou
a ffer
he Si
.

Arthur

is

y
he wb

te*'))

|

t ‘
pi you
gustue Pitou lus g t e ie of |
Loinerich pla fr i]

incey Oboott,w relatives |

VY just
+ Vint
Ate shibies PUN ier at Carlee
Aug 31 he will produce the pew drama
ht Paul, and bring it to the Fourteenth

eet in October |

Mr. and Mrs. Primrose have been resi-
dente of Mount Vernon for about twenty
veare ae

Alimeny Awarded Yrs. Hermann,

In the suit for separation brought by
Carlotta Hermann against George Hea
mann, to whom the plaintifl avers she was
married legally, Justice Marean of thy
Supreme Court, Brookiy granted Mrs
Hermann $25 per week alt ar S500
( i 1 fe \ terdayv | the «
Abranam Hummel ‘ | for Mr. Her
mia iy ria at the ear
pormsible nm 1 + he vy kd earr 4 pyr a
from tl Marean's decision to the Ay
p tlate Pivi-i Guetay A. Kogers af
peared as attorney for Mre) Hermait

Hrookisn Post Office Cieths Get a Mase

Postmaster Koberte of Brooklyn an
nounced yesterday that by an ord to
go into effect on duly Df the salary of ear
£175 clerks in the off ld bed ‘ ‘
Si Oe get «a $900 increnn i
I er Hubert ile ‘ ved per
' pie t Oftewd ‘ th

When tou See a Man or Woman
’
reading THK SUN you nay depend or that
they re at niy contented, but prosperous

as well —Adt

Herlihy |

Cildersleeve's |

 

The |

| ver.”

} mate, he thinks tha

All the Little Fish That Gawk Through
the Glass Are Wet-Fyed —Jim Says the
(ity Will Have to Feed Him still.

Col. Jim Jones is out, but he solemnly de-
nies that he is down. In the midst of his
wonderful researches into the habits and
life of fish, the Colonel found time during
the last session of the Legislature to propa-
gate a bill at Albany which is now referred
to by his friends as “the Jones life-preser-
And although Col. Jones has been
dropped out of the window of the Aquar-
jum by a heartiess fusion Board of Esti-
the city still owes him
& living, because of that bill. He may have
to go to the courts to prove it

Col. Jim Jones was officially known as
the Superintendent of Small Parks. Actu-
ally he was the Friend of the Fish. Col.
Jones has the scientific temperament He
is not a politician. The strife and acrimony
of office-seeking and holding have in them-
selves no charms for Col. Jim Jones.

Col. Jones has been interested in politics
only indirectly.

He has a warm and thoroughly disinter-
ested admiration for the Hon. David B.
Hill. Senator Hill is acquainted with a
lot of politicians, and through some of them
learned that there was an opportunity for
Col. Jones to exercise his scientific abilities
in the service of the city government. Mr.
Hill was not at that time very ney
with Mr Croker, who had much to do with
the city government just then. But some-
how the Colonel was appointed to be super-
intendent of small parks. Strange as it
seemed to Mr. Croker and his friends Col.
Jim Jones was very grateful to Mr. Hill for
the appointment. Such things may +4
pen at any time when Mr. Hili seems to be
under a bushel.

Col. Jones, at the time of his appointment
knew practically nothing about fish. He
Was not even thoroughly informed as to the
nature of water, although he had heard of
the stuff. At the earnest solicitation of
the Senator he accepted the appointment.

It at once became apparent that he was
the man to make the aquarium a success.
As he walked about he exerted a peculiar
psychic influence over his finny prisoners,

the fish came to know he was near even
before he entered the building. The watch-
men were warned of his coming by the
ecstatic splashing in the tanks which began
as soon as he carne down the elevated sta-
tion stairs at Battery place on his way to the
building. As he walked about the rotunda
the fish gathered at the glass sides of the
tanks, open mouthed with admiration and
struggled to get nearer to him, As @ mat-
ter ot fact, considerable expense was caused
to the city because of the fish which leaped
over the tops of the tanks and gasped out
their lives at his feet.

The Superintendent of Stall Parks be-
came go engrossed in the acquisition of
information about fish that he used to
read books about them. He took to stay-
ing late at the Hoffman House nights be-
cause he found a lot of gentlemen around
there who could tell him stories dealing

 

THE SUN, THURSDAY,

 

with remarkable events in which fish fig- |

ured.

The Colonel's fame went abroad in the
piscatorial kingdom. Everybody has heard
of the eels and things which crawled in
from the bay through the exhaust pipes
of the Aquarium tanks and met horrible
deaths in a wild effort to achieve captivity
under Col. Jim Jones rather than continue
to exist as free eels in a Jonesiess deep,

But when the fusion administration came
in, the fish not having cast S4 per cent. of
the vote, were treated with seant considera-
tion, From the beginning it was decreed
by the reform politicians that Jones must go

The Colonel was grieved, but not visibly
alarmed. He was asked to resign. It was
not to be expected that he would by any
act of his own remove himself from his
beloved charges. It wasn't the salary—
that was a mere $3,000,

The Colonel had conferences with some
friends of his at Albany. Delegations of
fish went up the Hudson and churned the
waters of the river along the Albany water
front in their anxiety to see that the Colonel
saved his ,

The outcome of it all was that a bill went
through after various vicissitudes which
the Colonel says now provides that if a
veteran's office is abolished the city must
give him some other office at an equivalent

 

  
 

salary. The only wav that the fusion
brutes could get the Colonel out of that job
was ti abolish it. No man of his unselfish
devotion to Guty could ever have been re-

That bill was the one
referred to by envious friends of Col. Jones
who didn't have the support of the fish
element as his “life-preserver.”

The Colonel has not been seen about his
customary uptown haunts lately. He is
in
down by grief. He feels just one ray of
hope. If the new job which he is going to
make the city give him does not require
too much of his time he will spend his days
at the Aquarium just the same. And so the
lore he has accumulated in these few years
will not have been acquired altogether
in vain

John J

moved on charges

  

Quinn, the “tall son of Harlem,”

| Superintendent of the Speedway at $1,500
| @ year,
| well-known

He is a
been ill

has also been
horseman
a good deal lately.

SMALL FiInkS IN THO HOTELS,

removed,
who has

 

Blazes tn the Fifth Avenue and Hoffman
House Put Out by Employees.

The Fifth Avenue Hotel and the Hoff-
man House both had small fires yesterday,
That in the Fifth Avenue happened in the
forenoon, when a guest on the third floor
threw a lighted cigarette out of his window
It set fire to the big awning over the main
entrance on Broadway. The fire did $5
damage. The lice reported the damage
as $500, apd tite brought a crowd of fire
adjustors and reporters to the hotel, much
to the disgust of the management

Tiree | later thick black smoke
youred out of a chimnev of the Hoffman

 

ours

his Washington Heights home bowed |

 

douse. One man turned in an alarm, but
the fire was put out by a patent device
from the kitchen and the flemen had noth-
ing to de Nothing was damaged but the |
chimney

cmenidpnanenamnennennnaneanD

President Schurivan Thinks the Army Wil
Be \indteated,

Irnaca, N. Y., Nay President Schur-

man, of Cornell UNiversity, eaid to-night

that he thinks that the United States Army

7

wwaresultofthe investiga-

will be vindicated
} Rox has ordered

President

 

sevell

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

MAY 8. 1902.

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

        
    
   
    
   
   
     
    
          
               

  
   
   

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

       

 

    

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

    
   

 

 

  
   

 

      

  
 

 

 

 

  

   
 

       

 

  
    

   

 

   

  
 
  

     

 

 

 

 

 

= Se ee pa — — a See *
, oa mer ; sas ans } : rs
J.CHEEVERGOODWIN BANKRUPT. NEW PUBLIC ATION | NEW PUBLICATIONS,
saint nant i Annhinananna | wcineihd : manana ean tain tinie leitagn
Liprettist Has Run Into Debt Moderately
in Two Years’ Iiness.
J. Cheever Goodwin, the librettist, who A NEW
resides at 62 West Sixty-sixth street, filed NOVEL
a petition in bankruptcy yesterday, with |
liab'lities $5,617 and no available assets. |
He has clothing $25 and books $25, which are
exempt. There are fifty-nine creditors | Maguieres Tress Mere \
named in the schedules,to whom he owes |
amounts ranging from $3 to $805. He owes ® i
five doctors for medical services $844; for | Carin a e BY
medicines and drugs $127; for groceries he |
owes $1,032; milk, $59; meat, $158; fish, $39; e } MARIE VAN VORST
baker, $83; rent, $1,028; newspapers, $28;
flowers, $83; clothing, $75; shoes, $37; sporting 1 rics
goods, $50, and schooling for children, $150. | \ $1.50
James O'Neill, his attorney, said yester- '
day that Mr. Goodwin has been Sil for the | At About Half Price r
| Past two years and not able to do any work | | You will read it from start to finish and say it is one of the
to keep up with his expenses and was com-| Printed Iri
| sh Dimitles in : ‘ ‘ ‘ )
pelled to resort to this petition in bank-|4 good assortment of colors ; if Most real and dramatic life studies ever written. The theme
ruptcy on account of his illness and illness | ) © |? is th i ite i
7 nd designs — yd. € contrast betw
in his family. He has been so worried over * designs —formerly 25¢. yd d N een the working and society life in and ;
‘ : e ‘ . ‘ 4
financial matters that he di not know what fae Printed Organdie around New York. It is not only a brilliant social study but r
o do and he will now go through bankruptcy aye, in twelve handsome de- ict?
and get on his feet again. He has no in- si = ad k { ly S00 a most absorbing work of fiction,
terest now in any of the comic operas and | *8P§ 4d colors—formerly SOc,
plays which he wrote, Fancy White Cottons,
WORTHINOTON, SMITH & CO. FAIL j sheer and heavy make, for Published by HARPER & BROTHERS, New York
William R. ca and George McLaughlin | Waists, Skirts and Gowns— C.
(Worthington, Smith & Co.), wholesale | formerly 3&¢, and SOc. yd. ———— —_— ae .
dealers in millinery at 7 West Twenty-sec- | Fancy Zephyrs and Pine
; : . |
ond street, have filed @ petition in bank- | 7 Sepny
ruptey, with liabilities $115,877 and assets | *PPle Ginghams—forinerly (Just Publishea)
$86,690. James Talcott appears as the | 40¢., 4$¢., $0¢. and S5c. yd.
largest creditor, his claim being $61,436, @
for advances secured by merchandise and Fancy Grenadines, white l
accounts. ' | grounds with colored mercer- 2C. a } aQ
W. R. Smith was put into bankrupteyin | ; i
’ ; zed stripes—former! . yd.
1900. W. E. Hardt, the trustee in bank- | P y 7309 | 3
ruptey, sold the stock to Mclaughlin, Mr. | Also at ; a goo o a |
Smith's son-in-law, and when Mr, Smith about Half Price F 8 | |
was discharged in bankruptey he went into assortment of English and French | e ar 1s ;
partnership with McLaughlin. . Hardt was | Percale Shirtings, Fancy Linen and :
removed as trustee,on a charge of embez- ted | %
aling $25,000 of the assets, and recently | Cotton Skirtings and Suitings and By Arthur W. Marchmont
disappeared while on trial in the General Linen Batiste. a ; : L .
Sessions for larceny from a woman, Mrs. | Author of “In the Name of a Woman,” “A Dash for a Throne,” Eto,
Cleo Montanye. " new, crestee oued Ja es McCutch nk | 0 In this new romance Mr. Marehmont has provided a wealth of incident. J
Molay h in a he ery Soe ow bred | Mm ed ° He departs here from his custom of using an imaginary kingdom as a back-
present bankruptey " ee 14 West St ground; for “Sarita the Carlist” has todo with Spain and with a most. pictur-
’ kru 23d Street. esque and exciting period in the history of that rotaantic land. The boy King
ROSEY WON'T BE A MAGISTRATE. | eT aT and the Queen Regent figure prominently in the story.
DLED. < ‘Eee gpasiraction of a story of incident there is surely no cleverer pen running
, an Mr. } iterary W ‘
Decides to Wait Two Years for a Job tn him, end fer the uptuliding ond efvencnment archmont 8.”—Lite rary World, London.
the Supreme Court. of the Church. 12mo. cloth, + + $1.50
Rosey the lawyer, President of the Essex His sweet, courteous, gentle manner attracted Other works by the sar author are: ‘*In the Name of a Woman,”
y ’ all who enjoyed the pleasure of meeting him, “For Love or Crown.” Bows are romantic stories of adventure
Market Bar Association, was summoned hile i R
while in matters of principle, night and justice Bach Vol., no. Cloth, $1.50
from his office in Essex street to a nearby he stood firm and unylelding. .
telephone yesterday morning and — Therefore be it FOR SALE BY ALL BOOKSELLERS
body on the other end said: Rescived, That while we humbly bow to the Di-
‘ ° vine WIL, we lament the death of our Aroh-
Is this Mr. Rosey, the celebrated lawyer?" bishop as a bereavement which comes to each . O K E S C O M P A N Y
“You are talking to the same gent, of Us personally.
replied Rosey. Resoired, That as an evidence of our love and
“This ia the Mayor's office. You have respect we close our business places on : : —- eS _
been appointed a City Magistrate. Will row, Se = e the day of his burtal; COLLEGES AND SCHOOLA,
y enziger Brothers, — BOSSE cement aiid ae are
you come down now and be sworn in?” Bohne Bros. & Ce., For boys and Young Men—City and Country.
The news spread like wildfire around Christian Press Association Publishing Co. REGENTS AND COLLEGE
Essex street, and the eldewalk lawyers John Ghegan, r UEGE EXAMINATIONS,
and ateerers crowded around Rosey to pucdettes Ea ae N. Y. PREPARATORY SCHOOL
«< oc
congratulate him. Sh Metnds & Go. 15 West 43d St. N. ¥., Telephone 4096-88,
“Come on, everybody, and have a drink John F. McEvoy, commana orecnce tite ect, TE,
on me,” said Rosey, and he led the crowd ». P. Murphy, Jr. For Children--City and Country,
into the Silver Dollar Hotel, Mayer & Co., eat, SCHOOL FOR EXCEPTIONAL
In the corridors of the City Hall he met O'Shea & Co., whey SAND DEFECTIVE CHILDREN,
a crowd of East Side politicians. Ben- Fr. Pustet & Co, MASIMIBIAN it: Bs GROSZMANN, Pd. D.. Di;
i . ‘ & J. Sadiler & Co or. Boarding and day pupils. “Pinehurst,
amin Myers, leader of the Greater New D ' Fort Washington av. and Depot lane, New York eity
fork Democracy of “de Ate,” greeted him J. Schaefer, : - ‘
first and then introduced him to the others Schwarz, Kirwin & Pauss Business Colleges.
as the new Magistrate. The Stoltzenberg Co., _
Rosey went to the Mayor's office alone J. Turgis & Co., Miss Conklin $ Summer School,
and saw the policeman at the door, He The C. Wildermann Co., STENOG RAPHY AND TYPEWRITING,
went back to the East Side again as quickly William H. Young & Co. a seta tid AN e.. COR aeTu ST.
" v . ; . a orou reparation for offices anc secretary
ic ae Se PAK ing din Essex street The Medical Board of St. Vincent's Hospital, ships. Reduced terms for Special summer course
“Ro i. ' , at a meeting held May 7, 1902, caused the fol- . ne ee
chon’ Po ghyway? Florrie, Hullivan ie | WBE minute of its action on the occasion The Miller School of Business,
: fri da ot aad al to wait two years | of the death of Archbishop Corrigan to be ST. JAMES BUILDING, 1133 BROADWAY. r
and-then go ¢ he S Sree C be " entered on Its permanent records: Enterany day orevening. Novacations. Ctreulars,
andthen goto the Supreme Court bench, The Medical Board of St. Vincent's Hospital ‘ Shorthand, Typewritin ,Hookkeeping, ;
sate , ; has heard with profound sorrow of the death sé Betty isa really de- ak a )
MONUMENT 70 A FRENCH HERO. of his Grace, Archbishop Corrigan, Very Rev- , > OFFICE FURNITURS.
erened Director of this hospital. In therelations | ]j htful creation She is a eonennbonpemrtbearpeareataaran ‘
Cercle Tranco-American to Mark the Grave which he sustained with this Board, the mem- g .
Admiral Terney at New rt. bers always found him a@ most courteous gen- S D E S K s
of y ve . tleman, helpful In couuell and prompt to ren- spontaneous, witty and ®
The Executive Committee of the Cercle der personal service to the reanagement, when . .
Littéraire Franco-American decided last such duty was required. Amid all the varied passionate Southern gi rl, ml Great Vartety of
night, at the suggestion of the President, cares and pressing duties of the high position s ui) { Style and Price.
to open a subscription for a monument to re ore ores ee on who acts on impulse but bays
+ m5 © c on mF s mU >
the memory of Admiral Terney, the hero ber of charities which came under his juris- whose im ulses ar : ht ” ene T. G. SELLEW,
of the French Navy, who died in America Iction was conspicuous, and to none more Pp erig e Pg aa
and is buried in Newport. The small memor- than to St. Vincent's Hospital. In his death | ° mde 111 Faiton St. N.T.
ial tablet on the grave became so weather- we realize that, as members of this Board, N. a Comme reial Advertiser. ————__ ——_——
beaten that its removal became imperative we have lost a sympathizing friend and ever PROPOSALS,
A simple stone erected by the French Am- helpful Director of the affairs of the Hospital, | Betty is the heroine of “9 a er eae -
bassador some years ago now marks the and the sisters devoted to {te management “The Battle-Ground.”” by ener ORRMORY COMMISSIONERS ~
spot where the Admiral is buried. are deprived of a wise counsellor and never Ellen Glasgow. Jil., 1.50 "Notice to Contractors.
—- —_——— failing source of strength and support tn the gow. “oe Sealed proposals for re rs, Improvements
. performance of all the perplexing duties that ‘. — and hetterr ents to the & Arsenal Buliding,
DI iE bD, dally devolve upon them. We cannot doubt Doubleday, Page & - $4 Onion + m8 Te sist! ic of pe Toot avenad ie iator nad eaatet
that every one connected with the service ‘ pair ng, plumbing work, tié installation of @ new
BAILRY.—Charles H., on May 6, in his 66th year of the Hospital will treasure, as a sacred mem- Our books are all on exhibition at our — | heating system and other miscellancous Improve
Funeral services at bis residence, 102 Wils¢ ory, the kindly offices, the encouraging admoni book shon—219 Fifth Avenue, Nw York. ts, may be sent by mail livered in person,
st., Brooklyn, on Thursday evening, May 8, i , ; SO eee } 1 twelve o'clock Noon y, the 234 da
eee , tions, the inspiring words, and above all the “Ex Etchardscn's Pamala tha ane fo 1907, to the undersigned at the State Arsenal,
at &:45 o'clock, gracious personality, of our late Very Reverened eal teat eae ‘ pe on Oe ate — | A5th Street and 7th Avenue. New York City.
CORRIGAN —The Board of Managers of the Ro- Director. STEPHEN SMITH, M, D ao a z _ a ” i Drawings and specitications may be consulted
man Catholic Orphan Asylum in the City of New Chairman, BOOKS bought and soid for cash. MALKAN, {| and biank forms ot proposal obtained at the aad
York Inscribes this minute in the proceedings CONSTANTONE J. MacQuren, meek mee, 2 See Bt. seepnens biti Breas quart = hua ear Abeer ay.
of a special meeting held for that purpose on Freprnick 8, DENNIA, Se Contracts will be awarded to the lowest respon
the 6th day of May, 1902. Josern D. Bryant, Committee. BUSINESS CHANCES. | " ble and reil ube bidde rs unless, the bids sapere
The death of our beloved Archbishop, though a NS “AN PGT: manne te wan | the amount of hings avatial OF wae Vere
great personal bereavement to each member The members of the Advisory Board of St. Vin- sorupes ond to ‘pe expat ded ‘th rf ving ‘property i re erve the t ahh ta resect allt ids ae
of this Board, has a wider signifcance, as it cent's Hospital, assembled in special meeting | for the purpose to open high-class restaurant In | CHARLES F. ROF, Ma Cieneral
causes an irreparable loss, not alone to Charity this 7th day of May, 1902, have directed the | this city, the gentleman desiring this amount has j} GROKGE MOORE SMITH, Brig. General, Ist
= w , y 00 . » of 35 yeurs of high standing, and now Nricade
Religion and the State, but to Christianity following ontry to be made in the proceedings | Fofis a fine position in an established clubhous NELSON H. HENRY, Adjutant General
itself. His efforts were directed not only to of the Board: The grief experienced by every Best "of re fi rene cs exc har fed "A 15. . : ‘ - ‘Armory ‘Commissioners,
the amelioration of the condition of the down- one In the comm at the death of our be McDONALD & \WIGGINS, 207 Broadway Albany, May 2nd, 1902
trodden and the poor, but to the maintenance loved Archbishop, Michael Augustine Corrigan, | “FOR SALE—An old established, fue paying | OFTick OF DEPOT QUANTFRMASTER, New
of the highest Ideals of Religion, exerting by is felt in @ special manner by the members of | bicycie, kodak, etc., Vusiness on Broadway, Brook York, XN. Y¥.. May 7, 1902. Senled proposals for
them an extended influence on good govern- this Board and by all who are connected with | lyn, this }s @ bargain at 87.000. Api t purchase of the Transport “Rosecrans,” now
ment and the perpetuation of the institutions this institutton which he so wisely governed Pe nretett Sneath eee eeer., | 1h, Cen Fin nenee, Cal Win Be Esteves sue
‘ } jatem ™ em 146 & Tap = : o e until § cloc eastern time), d
of our Country. Though bis beart and sym- and which bas flo irished so greatly under his ONE 12, RO M Hot GAG Bne 6 to my ho 88. | 19 Ship will be sold with following fittings
pathy went out to the poor and unfortunate, care and protection Froeerh, located in Annandale, Staten Leland, alco | Ot her intact: Standees, troop galley. bakeshop
his sense of rightand justice made him an He took the deepest interest in this hospital | two acres of ground adjoining ralrand, for factory | Mirines.! oP cr inees ae nde ee pianis
inflexible conservator of vested Interests and | and gave to It every ald and encouragement, | or building purposes, flue opportunity. Pare | % Radearai a” and de r plaae can te
the rights of property. He was strongly im- | The poor and afflicted who have been partakers Meulare, Son ALD & WIQGGINS 7 Rroadway ; se this e The Government reserves
bued with the sentiment of Patriotism which | of its benelits will have cause to remember his | . . ne ReNsoes oadway. | ent to ac tor rejeet any or all bids. Bids
it was his constant effort to have inculcated | goodness and lament his death, end their SALOON, downtown, on West st., very tne nx- | pauat be ace vena | by 8 continec onses Ss i}
1! s goo JUSINERS : ade: muca whts smount to te wr ¢ ( o 1
in all the schools under his jurisdiction | faithful prayers will ascend to the Loving | [oer ieee Teo clock every evening; no sunday bid and. must be signed by the bidder, enclosed
We recognize In him not only a great Prelate, | Father who has called him to an eternal | pusincas: $4,500 cash necessary jing new n sealed envelope, marked « \. 8. KIMBALL,
but a great man who may well be described reward Tomas F. RYAN, Chairman nse, also saloon in etn, Nod: cash $1200, | Depot Q t ' J
as a moder of every virtue which adorns a ERNret HARVIER, Secretary Jaquire Hotel Chancellor, 115 tet st.. Klizabet J. | ~ORFICE CONSTRUCTING QU ARTERMASTER,
Priest and a citizen. Conspicuous for his | DELAFIELD.On Tuesday, May 6, 1902, at her $5,000 WILI \ A fits.-clase, cash, HOUSE, | Newport p r. i a 6 : ory ’ co Pihoee:
firmness, courage and Justice, he was no less residence, 124 East 57th st, of pneumonia, Bliza | SIGN AND DECOKATIVE business In a centre SF are Siumbine. i soitee ana
noted for gentleness, meekness and mercy, {, widow of Rufus King Delafeld, in the fp re nor 7 ret " o a i. oo hee sha geod « ardhouse,"Vort Adama, R. TI. In
On the oceasion of Dis Silver Jubilee, the public | Oth year of her ace equipine nt; otorr Business requires by time. Ad- | 9 pp ation. | TEServes right to
expression of affection he received from the Funeral services be held at Trinity Chapel, | dress W. L. TANNEY, box 241, Wheeling, Wo Va. tf Worn a Sina’ crieaiain bat
entire community, Irrespective of creed, | West 26th st., on Friday morning, May @, at INVENTIONS M¥CHANICALLY PERPFI 14 Proposals for public. building, Fort /
evidenced the high place he had attained in | 10 0 SPECIAL MACHINES.” GASOLENE (ES 1OMAS H. SLAVENS, Q. M, }
. » 1 : who knew his | ETC, DESIGNED AND BUILT. OQ. KRA 5 | a ih ini "aie !
oot ck deen 6 den ry Waaile | DEMAREST.-W. H, Demarest of Woodbridge, | LIBERTY 1 | 1 0, 10077, Seale: a > ab ants
life may confidently belleve that he merited an | i ait Wiisdin —- - = be Ne tu 3 0 ne k P.M
eternal crown | _ Notice of funeral hereafter HARKY LEAR AN EXMGRIE, | T° General band Dihee macta the Genel
We who have been intimately associated in one | GILDERSLEEVE.- On Wednesday, May 7, Mort! - Ktates for 1007. The right Is reserved to felect ;
of the many charities dear to bis heart—the | mer Uildersiceve, Son of the late Henry B. | Cited te Show That Wine Booming Can Be | an and all bids. Specifications for the wor {
care of orphan children feel most deepiy | Glidersiceve of Brooklyn, in his forty fifth Done Without Chapelle, ¥ ¥h TOrm yal cere : ne 2 On anplicatior
the loss of his wise counsel and guidance, yea . | WUTCHCOKE ‘ tas SY At tne Operas
and sympathize with the orphans who are Funeral services will be held at his late residence, Arguments on @ motion to make per- EERE
deprived of his fatherly care As President 160 Dudley avenue, Westicld, N. J., on Priday manent an injunction restraining Lmanuel : ?
of this Roard for more than twenty years May 9, at 20 clock. Train leaves foot of be} § Chappelle, a wine salesman, trom leav- | PERSONAL NOTICES.
he assiduously Iabored for the comfort and erty street, d Fk, OF § O'clock ing the employ of George A. Kessler & Co., | RICHMOND HILL QU hENS COUR
happiness of those committed to its care HEATH.—On Wedr May 7, 1002, Pugene M., d hecoming a uaaleaman for a jes I ty wife, | an A.J stor ‘ r |} 1 a a |
and one of the crowning acts of his life which son of W { Caroline M. Heath of an COMUNE § OSCMIET . another | and board wit { t caver ¢ vocatie !
a special manner smphasized his loving Louts. Ky wine agent, were heard yeaterday before | t ret yebid If ’ t'r n y ar
solicttude in thelr behalf, came at the very end | Funeral services Wil be held ¢ the Brick Pras Juatice O'Gorman in Part I. of the Supreme mie Oe : : : a HNGTOS
tn the erection and completion of a permanent byterian Chur Thirty seventh et and | Court Counse! for the PLAIN UTS COT. | qe eee taasamasamaamemaataas +
home for them which will long remala as aj Fitth avenue, I ~day afternoou, at 38.90 tended that Chappelle entered into an = ‘ 4
splendid monument built by him to Religion o'clock, Loulsvile papers please cop ogreement in December il that he | LOST AND POUND
and Cnarity KAHItS. Tuesday, May 6, 1902, John Henry, be would not engage with any other wine LOST —Cer see goto i
Mindful as we are of his great and tmportant oved son of Heury and Annie E. Kragel | bol #6 for five aon It Was & meG that | share Nee Mitek
work for the community In which he lived shes, aged @ years and 8 months, of heart Keesler had bre wen we ppelle it ees rhe 4
and the Christian pee gers we ee It espe tatlure ane a his place caniucot readily | ip her t A new ones are :
eclally appropriate tha ere should be ee ‘ from the iden t hi ple hut issued
tered upon our records a Minute expressive ae - ra = 7 a ged - parents, 619 Chappelle's counsel answered that ¢ hap —
of his invaluqple services to the home aces ; pelle iearned the business while acting as | PURCHASE AND FE NOHANGE,
orphans and of their and our sentiments of LAWT' ‘ Monday, Ma 1902, C yrus Lawion agent iw ‘ house and furtiter
esteem and allection and of our sense of the the 60 ‘ his age ; that the defendant is not the only pe i WANTEI rm of abou ‘ia
irreparable loss sustained by h intime A At his late residence upon whom Ke depends. Chappelie's ie oA ’ . " viae’ ‘ee!
desth. And as a@ testimonal of our v vw! ty, Mays a Ol MF anidavit dectar r are. 4 .%
respect, It is ordered that this Miaute be spread arria a arrival OF 306 Frat the pl t ‘ eT oe P
pot > reco! to sy I © drape ‘ ly batt cud bs } Mile Al 4
in mourning fe Bet lays and | POWELL! ‘ . 3 ‘ Mu f “ arried * f “ } ? 1
that then nt Boord enc ! et Ma ) ‘ f employ ' glia hi} 8
neral inal 1 t ele t uo ’ | , ub
k funeral services | ‘ . ; - | : :
At @ meetir of the Catholic Publishers and : ' a clock. | erest 4 ' t ie : t .
Dealers in Chureh Goo of Ne York, he : as ‘a ¢ > | . furs ( ai r
on Wednesday fay wuz, to take action o | , ; ‘ — : ,
the death of Tac Most Reverend Michael | ! Kt , n oe { nan directs 1 oy
Auguatine Corrigan, Archbishop of New York ¥ . hed ay | re ” ' ” i
tt following resolutions were nanim ' ’ tins , r jecis i a ‘
adopted ‘ M ! { ' enta an)
It has pleased Almighty God In His Inserutat Hridge Whit Parts at Ve e, ¢ Moore | ;
wisdom to take from us rf peloved and Wa « ‘ w Maven, Cor | Mra. Cle tt) Ma " ‘ f .
revered Ar { ‘ | . : .
Inthe death o ta f ‘ fe orphar r 1 ige v '
who owed so much to tf ©, bas j ‘a ' ‘ } '
lost an unre triend ‘ xe. Pmbe ay x '
in the Faith a dulgent ¢ \ ‘ t . 6 am,‘ Ml od
eelior, & Zemlous and holy pr ot God | awe helimont, S ‘ ! l !
He gave unsparingly of his wisdom, bis time, | buner i : ’ Virginia papera | bowery, Mee Bohenck, vila | 5 wri tere
and bis weelth tor the care of (hose ntirustedte op Pareone and Mere Charies Kerryvina ties a

2m regarding the alleged atrocities
committed in the Philippines, and that
he believes Mr. Hoorsevell can be trusted
to do the ins\ ating without any out-
side asaisianee = President Schurman has
therefore writ\jen Carl Sehurs, declining
toserveon theca tee that Was appointed
reeently at a \iweting held in the Plaza
Hotel in Nev K tiv other merabera
ol the eomenilit ire Andrew Carnegie,
Charles Francis Adans, Wayne MaoVeagh,
Edwin B Smith oad Jierbert Welsh

New Purden Thieves Got Little,

Ca l the Detective Bureau
maid { ! very it the
Bur 1 oe | { ixth street

ea HA g ul 220
4 ' | ' i tye i i
| ‘ alter \ ma lelivering
( 1 tl t ment d r open @ud th
| par inger Ww in A
j i {tra a gold-handled
ur i i 4 t wiicie® “ere
it wil

the Dhtiss Concerts

" 1 cia atv 1 es will
giv ‘ of e i nthe
eve f Su iv, May tthe Metro
| n © it I ‘ will
copduet nig eonoer ' ihtorium

e ! ‘ be i
etre ' il * i nue heginning |
on Mot May 26. 1 Nicholas will
be made cool by iced aly and picturesque
with deooura n

‘