ToEspar, APnRit 11, 1911.
Fair and warmer to-day and to-morrow;
moderate east to southeast winds.

 

cee eeenreeeeerweenerenn

Vol, LXXVI—NO, 223,

 

 

+NEW

 

a -

YORK. TUESDAY, APR

 

 

PRICE TWO CENTS.

THE RECIPROCITY BILL FIRST

           

] AIRPLANE RACES AIRSHIP.
“Distances in

| Military Flyer Distances New Zeppe!
Dirigible—Fine Day's Voyage.
Special Cable Despatch to THF Sun.

DANBURY HAT GASE REVERSED'%#"7 ‘* Hor waren ron nays. 'oppRA PRICES 10 BE RAISED

candidaie of the Democratic party. In
1903 he was nominated by the Ohio Demo-

10.1 L JORNSON 1S DEAD AT 56

CLEVELAND'S EX-MAYOR Loses |>04ten, 4 plurality of 113,000 being rolled

 

 

|BOYCOTTING UNIONS SUCCEED | | PROGRAMME READY TO SUBMIT

ORCHESTRA SEATS HEREAFTER

 

 

, FIG up against him. He » ted B: PouGuREFpstI£, April 10.-—-William Ca- cic. wie
LONG FIGHT FOR LIFE, the three campaigns in which the Ne-| ON APPEAL. \vort of albany, op balan Judge Has- | TO BE 86 EACH. | FRANKFORT-ON-THE-MAIN, April 10." TO HOUSE DEMOCRATS.
braskan was the candidate for President, en i brouck in the County Court on a writ | The dirigible balloon Deutschland IT,, |

 

Worries Incident to Hts Politioal Cam.
patgns and His Fight for His Hobhies,
Particularly Three Cent Strect Car
Fares, Had Undermined His Health. |

with Count Zeppelin and a number of ae et
passengers on board, reached here to-day 2 were ©
Be Unchanged—tncreased Cont of | from Baden-Baden, having travelled a
Producing Operas the Reason for the | distance of 110 miles at an average speed
Change—Plans for Next Season, | of forty-four miles an hour |
| While the huge airship was over Darm-

‘aucus Accepts It the Cann.
dian Bill Will Be Passed In Advance
of Any Other Tarif? Measure—Then a
Bill to Compensate the Farmer.

He he was not an advocate of Bryan's| Appellate Court Saya ft Was Hrror to of habeas corpus,
"i silver ideas. Direct a Verdict for Plaintif—Hear-
r. Johnson leaves two children, Loftin | say Improperly Admitted— Judgment

E., who lives in this city, and Bessie
Flournoy, who married Signor Frederico | Was for @282,000 Against Union.

Mariani of Milan, Italy, in 1907 and got a|
divorce from him in December, 1908.

said that patients in| price of seats In Other Parts of House to
|the Hudson River State Hospital were

forced to stay in tubs of hot water day |
after day. |
;. “One man was kept in the hot water |

P ' tate 7 i Cavert. “H : \ } ‘ i =
ate Vniten Sens Circule Court oF | orca An in ee ok water all day The board of directors of the Metro-|etadt a military airman of the name of | WasHinaton, April 10.--If the House
Appeals reversed yesterday the judgment

i long with the water covered by a canvas Politan Opera House has sent out a circu- | Reichardt was preparing to mancpuvre | Democrats in caucus to-morrow night
of the Federal court in Conneoticut in| fastened about the patient's neck. He lar to subscribers saying that it has been , With his aeroplane. Catching sight of the | accept the recommendations by the

the famous Danbury hat case and ordered | was forced to eat his meals while he sat | docided to increase the price of seate here- | dirigible he gave chase and an impromptu | majority of the Ways and Means Com-
race in the air took place | mittee the Canadian reciprocity bill will’

a new trial. The litigation is now nearly | in the tub of hot water.” j ad- | otter in the orchestra and orchestra circle | “4+ times the contestants were neck and |

i Dr. Marriam, who was in court, ‘ ; i ‘
two yeare old and was instituted by mitted the truth of Cavert's statement 'from $5 to %. There wil! be no increase neck, but gradually the aeroplane drew be submitted to the House and passed in

D. E. Loewe & Co., a Danbury hat firm jand explained that the water, heated to | in the prices heretofore charged for the | ahead and won by Bix minutes in a dis- | advance of any other tariff legislation.

 

CLEVELAND, April 10.—Tom IL. John-
times Mayor of Cleveland,
died as he slept at 8:47 o'clock to-night.
He had been ill for two yeare.

His end came as his family sat about
his bed at the Whitehall. They had ex-
death since Mr. Johnson was

drugged into a fitful sleep Monday night.

FO! four

 

 

Engagement Announced March 10—Re
ligtous Differences.
WASHINGTON, April 10.—Col. and Mrs.

rected Henry May have announced that the

Mr. Johnaon’s last conscious words were
said at 2:30 o'clock this morning.

"Oh, I feel so good,” he murmured, his
lips just tracing the words, “I had such
pleasant dreams; everything is all right;
] fee) so happy.”

Mr Johnson lav in the borderland
between life and death for twenty-four
hours. The coma which preceded death
was the sign that cirrhosis of the liver
and Bright's disease had run their course.

Mrs. Johnson, herself ill with grief;
hie two children, Mrs. Elizabeth Mariani
and Loftin Johnson, and Mrs. Loftin
Johnson were the family group at the
bedside. With them were Dr. Oscar
Thomas, two nurses, N. D. Baker, Mr.
Johnson's closest friend; A. B. Dupont,
his cousin, and Jim Taylor, Mr. Johnson's
valet

While funeral arrangements have not
vet been made the body probably will
lay in state for a day and a public service
will be held. The interment probably
will be made in New York, where Mr.
Johnson's parents and his brother are
buried

The illness which killed Mr. Johnson
had been sapping his vitality for nearly
four years. The last attack began March
ii. The story of his life was written, Mr.
Johnson was ready to die, he had given
lis farewells, put his affairs in order and
he lay placid, welcoming release from
his pain

l hope I ean die,” he told his nurses
Sunday night before he sank into fit-
fil slumber, and he whispered to his
physician that he did not want his life
prolonged by artificial means

For his hobbies, his extraordinary
activity, his genius for advertisement,
political ambition and for at one

time at least-—his personal popularity
Tom L. Johnson was known from ocean
toocean. He was comparatively a young

man when he died, but there were few
die days in his 56 years Hustling and
trving to figure out what other people
vere going to do before they got ready
to do it aged him, ashe himeelf once said
in an interview, =

He was a puzzle to most people, even
lose friends. They could never
understand how a man who had made a
large fortune by the exploitation of street
railroad properties, whose interests wete
bound up so closely with conservatism
in business and finance, could dabble
vith socialism and single taxiam and
Bryanism and a dozen other isms that
Tom L, Johnson was particularly fond of.
His long and pertinacious fight to force
the street railways of Cleveland to give
a three cent fare with transfers gained
him more notoriety perhaps than any of
his performances, but it was lost finally
last November, when Johnson was beaten
by a Republican for the Mayoralty.

He took the defeat hard. That and
fnancial reverses which had greatly
reduced his fortune seriously affected
his health His failure to be reelected as
Mayor of Cleveland ended his political
career His fortune had dwindled trom
perhaps $10,400,000 to a small sum. He
announced cheerfully enough about a
year ago that he was broke.

Tom L. Johnson was born in Scott coun-
ty, Kentucky, in July, 1854. His parents
named him Thomas Loftin, but nobody
ever called him anything but Tom L.
He was big and breezy and Tom L. fitted
h.m much hetter than the more dignified
appellation. When he was a small boy
his parents moved to Staunton, Va.,
and there he formed the firat monopoly
ef his career. In those days there was

yr one mail a day to Staunton and
ing Johnson secured the privilege of
handling all the newspapers and periodi-
a's that came to town. He got 15 cents
for the daily papers and 25 cents for
ustrated publications and cleared $88

n 4 very short time on that speculation.
I" was the first big money he had ever
handled and it gave him hie start in

With that capital he went to Louis-
* and went to work for the street
rairoad company. Then he moved to

‘Ndlanapolis, got an interest in the old
treet railroad company there and in a
year or two became ite manager.
f re he was 22 years old he owned a con-
‘rolling interest in the stock of the com-
pany and was worth half a million.

Next he tried Cleveland, bought an

ntérest

n tie

money

culskirts of the city, made
out of it, consolidated it with
‘her line and within a year was the

fa tronk line system, His for-

Maater

hune grew rapidly, He acquired iron
uidries and street car lines in other cities
and Went in for politics

‘ibert L. Johnson, he owned at one time
t ld Nassau Railroad in Brooklyn,
‘ch Was sold to the BR. T. system

r all it was worth.

ly , j

‘ND 1-88 as a free trader and single taxer
‘fan for Congress in the Cleveland dis-

' and was defeated, He tried again

ind was elected easily. Two years

 

faty of 9.200 in a Republican district.
‘48 vst elected Mayor of Cleveland
! and served four suecessive terms,

i dapuary 1, this year, after
vatoin the three cent fare cam-
hail i his Against the street
in Cleveland he used
ie widest nature to gain his
theeitizens of Cleveland

fipgaat

pany
alls
' f '

‘ areer
“e Pi

His principal work
eland was the securing
by which Cleveland
valuation of the atreet
and his vietory in

cent fare

bition to become Presi-
uted States, and he was
several times as @ possible

tax
ba legal

ries

1 is at
the |

be bed

marriage of their daughter, Miss Cecelia
May, and Robert Low Bacon, Jr., son of

the United States Ambassador to France, '
will not take place, Federation of Labor. It was alleged

The engagement was announced on Tet Cie PisiNtin company eee
March 10 at a luncheon which Col. and Mrs. | in ite sales as @ result of a practical boy-
May gave at their home. It had been, Cott by the defendant because of ite re-
expected that the marriage would take|fusal to adopt the closed shop. The
place this spring, but the Maye announced Danbury firm got judgment in the lower
last week that it would be postponed
until August. Most of the preparations
for the wedding had been made. A
special dispensation has been obtained
from the Catholic Church, Miss May being | James P. Platt, but the amount of dam-
a Catholic and Mr. Bacon a Protestant. | ages suffered was left to the jury, which
re oe Gibbons was to have performed | qyed it at
the ceremony. :

It wae supposed that the wedding cere- | Serre ee wee or tae Soe =
mony had been portponed because of the | the provisions of the Sherman law.
inability of Ambassador and Mrs. Bacon

i
BACON-MAY WEDDING OFF. |
| America, affiliated with the American

 

ages. A verdict in favor

cently been the guests of Secretary of | opinion of the Circuit Court of Appeals,

the Navy and Mrs. Meyer in Washington. in direct-
It is reported that the final breaking of | Gavaasn aaa le

the engagement has grown out of re-| 3 3 ;
It is needless to inquire, saya Judge

ligious differences. |
Miss Cecilia May is the younger daughter | Lacombe, whether boycotts generally
of Col. and Mrs. May. Miss May hasjor this particular variety of boycott
Sas eee so time abroad. She | are or are not unlawful under the statute
a ucated at Eden Hall, the Sacred of some particular State, but there is a

cece ee ne Onis. ane | violation of the Sherman law if it is shown
marriage of Countess Luise Alexandra|that individuals combined to induce a
von Bernstorff to Count Pourtales. Mr | manufacturer engaged in interstate com-
Bacon was graduated from Harvard in merce to conduct hie business as they

the clase of ‘07 end is now connected | desired it should be conducted. Thecourt
with the Department of State

 

was directed by the trial Judge, Judge |

Be- |

reelected by the surprising |

vostruggle and ended John- ;

Shook the Vatican Just as He Had Con-
firmed Convert Countess.
Special Cable Despatch to TAB StN

Rome, April 10.—There was a sharp,
short earthquake shock here at 10:45
o'clock this morning. There were no
casualties and the damage was slight

The shock created considerable alarm,
however, at the Vatican and a number
of persons became panic stricken and
ran out of their houses.

The earthquake originated in the vol-
eanic region of the Alban hills, where it
was felt with grestor intensity. The
inhabitants of the towns in that section
fled panic stricken in all directions.

In Rome the prisoners in the jails threat-
ened to mutiny and attompted to break
down the doors of their cells. Troops that
were summoned had considerabie difti-
culty in quelling the tumult.

The Pope was considerably alarmed
by the shock. He was giving an audience
to the Marchioness Beatrice Theodoli,
who has just joined the Roman Catholic
Church. The Pontiff administered com-
munion and confirmed her in his private
chapel. ‘

The ceremony had just been concluded
when the shock was felt. The Pope im-

continues:
“AKE +e y |. When such obstruction is shown to have
EARTHQUAKE ALARMS PIUS X, brought about an injury to a_ person's

business, recovery may be had although the
impelling motive of the combination was an
effort to better the condition of the com-
biners which except for the anti-trust act
might be proper and lawful.

The first assignment of error which
challenges attention is the action of the
trial Judge in taking the case from the
jury and himself deciding every question
except the amount of damages. Defen-
dants contend that in so doing the “trial
court assumed the function of the jury
in passing upon the credibility of witnesses
and weighing conflicting testimony.” We
think this assignment of error well taken
for several reasons.

On another head the court says:

It has been argued here that the mere
fact that any individual defendant was a
member of and contributed money to the
treasury of the United Hatters Association
made him a principal of any and all agents
who might be employed by its officers in
carrying out the objects of the association
and responsible as principal if such agents
used illegal methods or caused illegal
methods to be used in undertaking to carry
out these objects. We cannot assent to
this proposition. The clause of the con-
stitution of the United Hatters which pio-
vides that certain of its officers “shall use al!
the means in their power to bring such
shops (i, e., non-union shops) into the trade
does not necessarily imply that these

mediately returned to his private chapel | officers ghall use other than lawful means

with the convert and her husband and;to «accomplish

friends and the party spent an hour in
prayer together.

WOMAN SEER ARRESTED.

Beth Lesiie, Opposite the Waldorf, on
Ball for Fortune Telling.

Beth Leslie, who runs a school of occult
science and a palmistry place opposite
the Waldorf at 4 West Thirty-third street,
war arrested there yesterday afternoon
by Detectives Van Wagner and Bauern-
schmidt on a warrant issued by Chief
Magistrate McAdoo charging her with
pretending to tell fortunes.

The detectives went into her anteroom
and waited while she told a customer's
fortune and then Mrs. Leslie came
out and asked what she could do for
them. They showed her the war-
rant. She asked for time to call up a
friend to arrange for bail and then she
went around to the station house with
them.

Pretty soon a woman who said she was
Mrs. G. S. Bassett of 177 Madison avenue
came to the atation and said she'd do
anything in her power for the clairvoyant
because the latter had given her some
good advice once by which she had
profited. Lieut. Dempsey said she'd have
to give a $500 real’ estate or cash bond,
and the woman went out and returned
with the cash.

In the woman's night court the prisoner
was represented by a lawyer, Roger B.
Wood of 87 Wall street. She was accom-
panied by two well dressed women Her
lawyer asked for an adjournment and
Magistrate Barlow set the case over under
$300 bail until April 19.

Mrs. Leslie said that when Matron
Isabella Goodwin, who collected the

| they discussed theosophy. She said that
she had a very distinguished clientéle
but didn't name any one in particular.

CALABRIA SHOCKED.

 

| Towns—Cause Not Yet Known.
Spectat Cable Despatch to TAR Sun.
Roms, April 10.-—-Residents of Palermo,
Messina, Reggio and other places in
‘Calabria were startled this evening by
\a sudden blaze of light in the heavens,
followed by four heavy detonations
| as from a violent explosion,
Yet go, and while this has not as yet been
, disproved, the more reasonable assump-
| tion is that the phenomenon was meteoric.

Wl FOR WASHINGTON.

Or Klse for Head of the Wal Wu Pu,
Storics at Shanghai Say.
Special Cable Despatch to Tar SuN
SHANGHAI, April
Pekin

from

former Chinese Minister to the United |The blood is wanted for transfusion to; ment will pay for the rents
States, is slated either to return to his | the
old post at Washington or become presi- | *

dent of the Wai Wu Pu, the Chinese For.
eign Board Ease) He:
‘WEY'S SP. KLING BURGUNDY.
pawns cron Social Drink.
HT. DEWEY & SONS CO., 188 Fulton 8t., N.Y,
Ade.

 

 

 

SS ee EEE EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE ene

|

 

|

 

 

It was supposed that a magazine had | iy unfair list.”

|
|

!
|

such object. Surely the
fact that an individual joins an association
having such a clause in its constitution can-
not be taken as expressing assent by him

\to the perpetration of arson or murder

Something more must be shown, as, for
instance, that with the knowledge of the
members unlawful means had been 80 fre-
quently used with the express or tacit ap-
proval of the association that its agents
were warranted in assuming that they might
use such unlawful means in the future; that
the association and its members would ap-
prove or tolerate such use whenever the end
sought could be obtained thereby.

The opinion also says that hearsay
testimony was improperly admitted as
to threate said to have been made to
customers of Loewe & Co. by agente of the
union.

The higher court prefaces ite opinion
with a review of the controversy at issue:

Plaintiffs were manufacturers of hats in
Danbury, and had an interstate trade with
customers in different States which was
very much the larger percentage of their
business. The combination of individuals
known as the United Hatters of North
America, numbering several thousand mem-
bers, were combined with other labor unions
into another association known as the
American Federation of Labor, numbering
more than a million members, scattered all
over the United States. The United Hatters
declared a union war, and “missionaries”
purporting to represent the combination
visited tio customers of recalcitrant owners
in differént States and told them that unless
they ceased to handle non-union goods the
affiliated unions would refrain from patron-
izing them. As a result thereof some of
those, who had at firet refused, yielded and
unionized their factories. Plaintiffs were
interviewed by some officers and members
of the hatters’ union and after some dis-
cussion as to the advantages and disad-
vantages of unionizing their factory refused
to do so. Thereupon a strike was called

1 a one horse street railroad | .yidence against her, visited her school | which took all the union men out of plain-

tiffa’ factory. Subsequently “missionaries”
representing themselves as coming on
behalf of the United Hatters, visited cus-
tomers of plaintiffe in other States. To
some of these customers they stated that
unless they would cancel any orders they

With his brother,' Flashes and Detonations Startle Many | had given for plaintiffs’ goods and would

agree to discontinue buying from plaintiffs
in the future their (the customers’) factories
would be tied up and the men called out.
To others they stated that if they continued
business with plaintiffs they (the mission-
aries) would “call on their own customers
and endeavor to prevent their using their
goods.” To others they stated that unless
they ceased to deal in plaintiffs’ goods they
“would be boycotted” or “would be put on
Some of the customers of
plaintiffs who were thus interviewed ceased
to make further purchases of Loewe hats
because of the statements made to them at
those interviews ”

 

O25 Offered for Two Quarts of Blood.

A robust person with two quarta of
blood to spare can get $25 for it this morn-
ing if he goes to the Har Moriah Hospital

10,~It is reported; ay Second avenue and Avenue A at & | rm
that Wu Ting-fang, the| o'clock and is found fit by the authorities, | up and they are wondering if the Govern-

veins of a sick woman, Rosie Keister
.$ Stone etree*, Brownaville

 

IDA-CUBA SPECIAL, 12:38 P. M.
‘aitante preningnem Special 2:08 P. M.
reps brah 12.34 train ar. J acksonville, 3:

sleepers to Knights Ke:
3:45 P. m,
Air Line, 1164

pe ER

{cure for excitable patienis. He said
that the treatment was sometimes con-
tinued for a month at a time and that
{it Was a succeas

Judge Hasbrouck reserved dacieion
in Cavert's case. Cavert has been at the
| hospital here since 1900, He was com-
mitted from Albany. Cavert was a clerk

|

ened a certain man connected with the

| bank .
t

| GIVES UP FORTUNE TO WED.

| One-third of Husband's Estate.
PHILADELPUIA, April 10.—When Mrs.

, Ware Neileon, an attorney of this city,

was made to-day, she wil! relinquish
her one-third interest in $1,250,000 and
all the personal property included in her
j share of the estate of her late husband.
The Elkins will provides that if the
widow marries again, her share of the
estate shall be divided between her two

 

jchildren. The two children originally |

} got one-third each, shares equal to that
which Mrs. Elkins will relinquish. The
children are Felton B, Elkins, who also
Dherited $250,000 from his grandmother,

 

wife of William L. Elkins, Sr., who died
last June, and Miss Marie Louise Elkina.

Mrs, Elkins has a fortune of her own.
Her father, former Senator Charles M.
Felton of California, made money in the
gold flelds in ‘49.

Since the death of her husband nine
years ago Mrs. Elkins has apent most
of the time with her father in San Fran-
cisco and abroad, She is now visiting
in this city. Mr. Neilson lives with his
mother at 325 South Twelfth street, this
city.

No date has been set for the wedding,
which, on the authority of Mr. Neilson,
will be private, owing to the recent death
of Thomas Neilson, his father,
occurred about a year ago.

which

 

SAILOR SCARES FIFTH AVENUE.

Upsets Two Women and Girl, Knocks
Down Twe Men, Fights Three Policemen.

A giant sailor héld up traffic for about
twenty minutes at Fifth avenue and
Forty-first street last
fought three policemen

Carl F.. Newman is the sailor. He started
trouble at Madison avenue and Forty-
first street. There is reasphalting going
on there and Newman ran through the
hot, sticky stuff yelling and leaving
tracks. He ran along Forty-first street
towards Fifth avenue. knocking down in
his flight two women and a girl

At the corner of Forty-first street and
Fifth avenue Fdward Higgins, a driver
ie the Uvalde Asphalt Paving Company,

 

night while be

got in the way and was felled. Next
S. J. Stewart, an engineer for the com-
pany and no hantamweight himself.
tried to keep the sailor from plunging into
the press of vehicles on the avenue and
was sent spinning under his engine.

At the corner were Mounted Policemen
Martin and Craft They dismounted and
approached the mad sailor who was wav -
ing two asphalt spreaders in his.hands as
if they were Indian clubs. They ran in
on him and grappled. and were later
assisted by a policeman who ran down the
avenue from above Forty-second street.
After a struggle they got him down. Dr.
Cowan took the seafarer, who was suffer-
ing from acute alcoholism, in an ambu-
lance to Rellevue.

 

WOMEN TREASURE’ SEEKERS.

English and American Party Start for
Cocos Island-—-Equipped for a Month,
Spectal Cable Despatch to THE SuN

Panama, April 10.-—A party of six, four
men and two women, of whom five are
English and one American, recently
arrived here from England. It is re-
ported that the women are in charge of
the party, which sailed yesterday for
Cocos Island, 500 miles from here, for the
purpose of searching for buried treasure,
. The party carried a full supply of arma
and equipment and enough provisions
to last a month. Arrangements were
made with the Atlantic and California
Company for their passage on the steam-
ship Stanley Dollar, which is to land them
on the island.

The party expects to remain on the
island for a month, and a steamship of
the Atlantic and California line will eall
there for them in May. The members
of the expedition entertain sanguine
hopes of finding the treasure.

 

\TACKS IN THE SPIRAL CHUTE.

| Fire Escape Drill tn the Appraiser's Stores

\ Disastrous,

charge of the Appraiser's Stores at 651
Washington street thought that it would
be a good plan to try out the spiral tube
slides with which the ten story building
is equipped and see how easily the 680

the afnouncement of whose engagement |

against the United Hatters of North | ninety decrees, was being used as a new | dress circle, balcony and family circle.

| The circular Saye:

“In former years the public wes satisfied

 

tance of about twenty miles

ADJOURNMENT BY MAY 19.

 

Get Away From Albany on That Date.

The Democrats of the Ways and Means
| Committee decided to-night after an all
day session upon a tariff programme

| This action is gratifying to President

if the vad ir, presented included | Democratic Legisiative Leaders Expect to | which starta off with Canadian reciprocity.

jsome lead! stars, and the production |

‘ ‘
jof opera ved, consequently, little |
expense

{But the rs of to-day demand

court in Connecticut for $282,249.12 dam- {in the Mechanics and Farmers Bank, ithe best pabfedtnances fro: every point
of the plaintim | Albany, and it is charged that he threat- |

(of view. T® give performances measur-
jing
necessitates thé engagement of the most

eminent orohestra conductors, the train-

$74,000. This amount was srs, Kate Felton Elkins Relinqutshes ing of a fell equipped orchestra com-

posed of high cless artists, a thoroughly
jdrilled chorus of the best obtainable

In setting aside the lower court's judg- | Kate Felton Elkins, widow of William L. | material, mise en acéne, stage manage-
to remain in this country. They have re-| ment Judge Lacombe, who writes the | Eikins, Jr., is married to William Dela-}| nent

and general accessories which will
satisfy the most fastidious demands, and
the employment of a large end highly
trained corps of assistants in all branches
of stage work--all of which, with the
added factor of the general rise in the
cost of all labor and materials, has caused
an enormous increase in the expense of
the production of opera as now given at
the Metropolitan Opera House

“Owing to the rise in prices, which has

affected theatrical as well as operatic
productions, the managers of first class
theatres have been compelled within
the last few years to increase the price
of seats in the orchestra and front rows
of the balcony from $1.50 to $2, but for
more than twenty years the prices of
admission to the various parts of the
opera house have remained stationary

“There is no good reason for adhering

to the present scale of prices when the
conditions under which those prices were
fixed and accepted as just and reasonable
have so vastly changed. The very heavy
loss recurring each year and necessitated
by the causes above explained has until
now been borne entirely by the few stock-
holders of the Metropolitan Opera Com-
pany. To eliminate such loss entirely
would require a material raising of prices
throughout the house, but we do not
desire to increase the cost of attending
opera to those to whom suc increase
might mean’ a real hardship, that is, to
the occupante of lower priced seats.

“The stockholders of the Metropolitan

Opera Company have renounced all claims
to profits and if any season yields a sur-
plus it must be devoted to obtaining
{greater perfection in the production of
|opera. We are entirely conviaced that
our patrons wili approve of the reason-
ableness and justice of the alight increase
in the price which after much deliberation
we have made.”

The directors also announce that the
subscription books for the season 1911-
1912 are now open and subscribers to the
present season will have the right up to
and including May 20, 1911, to renew their

‘subscriptions for the coming season.
j After May 22, 1011, seats will be allotted
; to new subecribere in the order in which
i their applications have been received
The season will begin on Monday,
November 13, 1911, and will continue for
twenty-two weeks, during which there
will be given 110 regular subscription
performances -—eighty-eight evenings and
twenty-two matinees, the regular sub-
scription performances to take place on
Monday, Wednesday, Thuraday and Fri-
day evenings and Saturday afternoons.

 

 

MOVING PICTURES IN CHURCH.

Mayor of Dankirk Orders Them Discon-
tinued on Sunday Evenings.

Dunkirk, April 10.—-The Rev. Bartholo-
mew Swinko, rector of the Roman Catholic
Church of St. Hyacinth in Dunkirk,
through his attorney, Thomas J. Cum-
mings, secured a temporary injunction,
granted by Supreme Court Justice John
8. Lambert, restraining Mayor James and
Chief of Police Quandt from interfering
with the exhibition of moving pictures
in the parish hall Sunday evenings on
the grounds that the pictures are strictly
religious and educational and the pro-
ceeds are to be devoted to the building
of a home for the parish nuns. Mayor
James and Chief Quandt have ordered
| the exercises discontinued on Sundays
and have threatened to cause arrests
unless the orders are complied with, and
such interference Father Swinko char-
acterizes as violation of the constitutional
privilege of religious liberty.

The city officials have twenty days in
| which to show cause why the injunction
| should not be made permanent, and steps

were taken to-day by City Attorney
Nelson J. Palmer, under direction of

 

Mayor Janig®, to defend the action of the
city offic and have the injunction
vacated,

TO SHOOT AT SAN MARCOS AGAIN.

 

Inoh @hkells on Thick Armor,

WasHINOTON, April 10.—The monitor
Tallahassee will conduct a series of

 

| in the lower part of Chesapeake Bay, next
| week, using the old battleship San Marcos,

ALBANY, April 10.--Final adjournment

is looked for by the Democratic legisla-
tive leaders, ‘This means five full weeks
of legislative sessions, beginning next
Monday night. Robert F. Wagner, ma-

{J. Frawley, chairman of the Senate Fi-
nance Committee, and Chairman Albert
E, Smith of the House Ways and Means
Committee and majority leader of the
Aseembly, reached Albany to-day and
will remain all the week conferring with
Gov. Dix and preparing for the convening
of the Legislature next week. The Senate

jand Assembly chambers will be in shape
for use again by the end of the week.

crvemmceenanensenannenein ase Nem nena

FIFTEEN INCH GUNS.

All the New British Dreadnoughts Likely
to Be Equipped With Them.
Spectal Cadle Despatch to Tne Sun.

Lonnon, April 10.—Recently Germany,
to outdo Great Britain, caat for her new

Dreadnoughte guns of 14 inch calibre, as

compared with England's 135 inch

weapon

Now, it is reported, Britain has per-
fected a 15 inch gun, and if it proves
satisfactory this calibre will be used on
all the battleships which are now being
built.

GREAT NOME
Mrs,

 

DOG RACE.

Crimmins's Team Makes a Record
on Run to First Chance.

Tacoma, April 10.—Nome cable mes-
sages dated last night say: The team
entered by Mrs. Mark Crimmins of New
York was leading a)l for the Alaska sweep-
stakes, the world’s greatest dog race,
when First Chance, 162 miles from Nome,
was reached. Eastbaugh, driving the
Crimmins team, has set a new record for
this distance, his time being 26 hours.

Other teams passed First Chance in
this order: Hill, second; Charles Johnson,
driving for Fox Ramsey, third; John
Johnson, driving for Col. Sir James Ram-
sey, fourth; Delzene, fifth; A. A. (Scotty)
Allan, driving for Mrs. C. E. Darling of
Berkeley, Cal., sixth.

All speed and endurance records to
First Chance have been shattered by all
the contestants. ,The weather is fine and
all the teams are going in fine shape.
The race is one of the most exciting ever
held and betting is active. At least
$100,000 is wagered on the result.

It was expected that the leaders would
reach Candle, 206 miles from Nome, late
last night, when the race will be half over,
the course being from Nome to Candle
and return.

TO CRUISE TO THE BALTIC SEA.

Rear Admiral Badger to Command the
Second Division of Atlantic Fleet.
Wasurnaton, April 10.—Rear Admiral
Charles J. Badger, U. S. N., was to-day
assigned to the command of the second
division of the Atlantic fleet, which will
shortly cruise to the Baltic Sea. Visits
will be made to Denmark, Sweden, Russia
and Germany. The division is composed
of the battleships Louisiana, South Caro-
lina, New Hampshire and Kansas. They

will leave New York about May 10, re-

turning to Cape Cod Ray early in July.
|

 

Rear Admiral Badger was recently pro-
moted from the grade of captain. He
was commanding officer of the battle-
ship Kansas until his promotion. Sev-
eral years ago he was on duty as super-
intendent of the United States Naval
Academy at Annapolis.

From October to December next the
fleet will cruise to Mediterranean ports.

MECHANIC LADEN W ITH GOLD.

Left One of Four Bags at Post OMmce—
Sent to Bellevue.

A mechanic strolled into the branch of the
post office at 125th street last night with
four bags laden with gold and silver. He
deposited one of them containing $v0
upon the window of the money order
clerk and left the building. He was
breught back by a detective and sent
to Bellevue Hospital for observation as
to his sanity.

There he was temporarily relieved of
; the other bags, containing in all $614.14.
| In the hospital he said that he was Albert
| Bendell of Mount Pleasant, Ja.

CAPTAIN FIRST ASHORE,
[Mate a Good Second—18 Lives Lost by
Foundering of Vancouver Coaster.

Victoria, B. C., April 10.—The shelter-
ideck steamer Iroguois, plying between
| Vancouver Island ports, foundered this

 

| This Time te Ascertain the Effect of 12 | morning off Sidney. Five of her crew |
After the Asch Building fire those in |

and eight passengers were drowned,

| Heavy weather caused the vessel's
jcargo to shift and she went down by
' unsubmerged. Capt. Sears, her master,
| was first to leave the wreck and landed

people in the building could get out. | formerly the Texas, asa target, The pur-| in safety in a lifeboat, accompanied by his

' Word that tho fire drill was to take

place | pose of the firing will be to ascertain the mate, Thompson, and two Indian deck |

| leaked out and somebody with a peculiar effects of the 12 inch guns of the monitor, | hands.

sense of humor sprinkled wire nails and

Several weeks ago data were obtained

Nine bodies which have come ashore

| Taft, who has been urging that recl-

aA trom the outlay for soloiats. | Of the Legislature about Friday, May 19, | procity be taken up and passed as a

separate proposition.
‘erats have taken the
{word in promising them

While the Demo-
President at his
fair play on

up té the standard now required | jority leader of the Senate; Senator James | Other legislation and will act first on hie

| pet legislative measure, they will lose no
time after it is out of the way in passing
| several tariff revision measures.

The day after the Canadian reciprocity
bill is reported to the House the majority
of the Ways and Means Committee, ac-
cording to the plan to be submitted to
the caucus to-morrow night, will offer
a bill lowering duties on agricultural

‘implements and on supplies which the

farmer is obliged to buy. There will be

| about 100 articles in this bill, nearly all of
the reduction designed chiefly for the
benefit of the farmer. The items will be
taken from a number of schedules and
| willinclude boots, shoes, reapers, ploughs,
; harness and eaddlery, harvesters, twine,
; bagging and many other articles that
|draw upon the farmer's pocketbook in
| the course of the year.

It was originally planned firet to attempt
a revision of the wool achedule, but on
second thought the Democratic !eaders
have decided to recommend the intro-
duction of a “sort of companion piece” to
the Canadian reciprocity bill. It has
been the cry of the insurgents and many
regulars in the Senate that they could
not vote for the reciprocity agreement
because it draws upon the farmer and
gives him nothing in return.

The bill which the Democrats will
introduce immediately after the Canadian
reciprocity agreement is passed is de-
signed to cut the ground from under
these objections. It will in a measure
oompensate the farmer for the concessions
that he is supposed to make in the pro-
posed reciprocity agreement. The Repub-
lican insurgents in the Senate found them-
selves in an embarrassing fix in the las:
session of Congress as regards reciprocity,
and the Democratic method of handling
the subject is likely to put a much severer
test upon their sincerity

A revision of the woollen schedule will
not be undertaken until the measure
lowering duties on farming implements
and supplies has been put through the
House. There may. be several more of
those “popgiun” tariff bills, all of them
aimed at the necessities of life, before the
Democrats quit tinkering with the tariff

The Senate Democrats are going to
follow the example of their brethren on
the House side and hold another caucus
They will not get together, howevar,
until the latter part of the week. One of
the things to be considered by them isthe
creation of a committee of floor managera

whose duty will be to look after a legisla-
tive programme. The Republicans of
the Senate always have had a special
committee of this character, but the
Democrats have entrusted the general
management of party affairs to a single
committee. It is the suggestion of
Senator Martin of Virginia, the new
inority leader, that the special committees
be created
'
{

MOST FAVORED NATION CLAUSE.
Canadian Reciprocity Agreement Dres
Not Violate That Treaty Provision.

WaSHINGTON, April  10,--Since the
Canadian reciprocity agreement was in-
troduced in Congress there has been con-
siderable talk about the effect, if any, of
the enactment of this agreement on the
most favored nation clause in the treaty
with Great Britain. The recently created
Court of Customs Appeals to-day decided
a case which has a direct bearing on this
question.

A. D. Shaw & Co, of New York objected
to the duty of $2.25 per proof gallon
assessed by the Collector at New York
on consignments of spirituous liquors
from England. The importing firm con-
tended that the merchandise was subject,
only to a duty of $1.75 per proof gallon,
which is the duty imposed on like mer-
chandise from France, Germany and other

jseneian countries under certain reci-
procity treaties with those countries.

The importers contended that under
the most favored nation clause of the
| convention of commerce and navigation
(with Great Britain importations from
| England are entitled to be eutered at the
same rate of duty levied upon such mer-
| chandise when imported from France and
the other countries with whom such
| treaties have been executed, The Court
;of Customs Appeals was called upon to
‘decide whether the law authorizing the
reciprocity agreement was in conflict
with the most favored nation clause of the
‘treaty with England. The court holds
| that tt does not conflict and says:
| We think that in logic or effect the nezotia-

 

ordnance experiments in Tangier Sound, | the bow, leaving only the upper works| tion of a treaty upon a consideration does

no violence to that treaty provision with his
Brittanic Majesty. The reciprocity treaty
{with France is one founded upon mutual
| considerations. This country suave von-
siderations for the considerations given in
fexchange therefor by France It thears-
jfore this country should concode to Creat

screws on the turns of the slide. So a! as to the effect of 12 inch guns on the, encircled in life belts have heen identified | Uritain without consideration what it hag

day or two ago, when the word came to
get out and the men on the top floor hit
the slide there followed many yells and
llots of bad language. The drill was
| called off.

Since then several of the employees
|have been taking their meals standing
An invea-
tigation, unofficial as well as official, is
| being conducted to find the joker, The
men who slid are especially keen on the
| job, and it was hinted that if the man

S| was caught he would bé taken to the

top floor and made to slide after the turns
had been fixed especially for him,

\armor plate on the conning tower of the
San Marcos, which is about nine inches
thick, Next week's firing is for the pur-
pose of ascertaining the effect of similar
shells upon thicker armor.

All the guns and other valuable fittings
will be removed from the San Marcos
before the experiment. Toward the latter
part of April torpedoes will be fired againat

(the hull of the San Maroos to ascertain
their deatructive power upon the hull of
a battleship. '

 

use the

\

|. Card! Giboones ur Catholics to
' A tive Gitt, Joba |
nets *Kalt.. wires este one | a

 

! A Chinaman tin the Coal Bunkers,

| On the steamship Madeirense, which

got here last night from Port Antonio
with 41,000 bunches of bananas, the chief
engineer found a Chinaman in the coal
bunkers yesterday morning. The China-
man pretended not to understand English,
He was put in irons and the case will be
referred to Ellis Island to-day

No Votes for Women in Massachusetts This
| Year.
! Boston, April 10 By a roll call vote of
31 to 6 the Senate this afternoon defeated

the woman's suffrage resolve. The House
against the measure.

jeonceded to France for consideration it
; Would not be conceding to England # faver
it conceded to the other country, bue it
would be conceding to England more than
it conceded to the other country, because
England in such case vives no consideration
tor the concession for which France gave
a consideration /

The extension of the 81.75) rate upon
spirituous liquors in this case to Eneland
without any mutual concession therefrom
would be conceding not what was conceded
France but something more than that whieh
was conceded France and therefore cannot
be within the purview of the host favored
nation clause of the Creaty with his Hrittanie
Majesty without consideration, which has

[mot been given. .