«

 

 

 

Vol, LAVIIL NO, EW YORK, FRIDAY, mR 14. 1

TRAIN ROBBERY IN A CITY.

AV ILLINOL. CENTRAL EXPRESSHELD
TP N NEW ORLEANS.

Robbers Stopped the Train on Carrolton
Avenue and Blew Open the Express
Car With Dynamite -MiLk Cans Break,

Drenching the Car —Few Letters Stolen.
The Cannon Ball

New OKLEASS, Deo 13a
train of the Illinoia Central Ratlroad whit
arrived here to-night at 715 o'clock was held
ip withia the city limits of New Orleans and

on a well settled avente by gang of train
robbers The act was one of the most des-
perate ever committed it t a crime and,

for their trouble,

while the robbers got littl
they caused a panic on tt
excitement

e train and reat

  

The robbers were either three o four in
number, and it is thought got on the train at
Kenner, aboutter les north ot New Orleans
Gneof them, the leader, apye y, managed
tomake hiss mb thet ntothe front
and receh He de his appear
ane “t reached Carrolitor
avenue, where it crosses Ue t irro!'ton street
car line The engineer, (ha Smith, found
a man bending over bhi ihe man wore a
black mask and int hand was a large re- |

volver, pol
He ordered the engineer t

ith’s head

rstop the train and

ted ail t t Sr

to detach the engine yn the other cars
Meantime either two or three men—there
is some confusion + te the nimber-—-also
wearing black masks, appeared in front of the
express car and called upon the express
mes*enger to open the car The messenger

esitated, anda stick of dynamite was stuck

the erack of the door and exploded. It
lew open the eer, and the robbers entered
and began their search for valuables
Evidently they knew very little of the rail-
oad business, for this special train never car-

ries money and an exam-
{nation of the safe soon convinced the men

he express car,

that there was nothing to be wot there
Ihe ext rings o roe antit
f milk fr dairies in Tangipahoa. ‘The
eane containing this re blo@n to pieces
by the explosion the dynamite and the
ear was dret 1 with milk the robbers
then took some ne indred odd registered
letters in the bear ad fearing that the
explosion w do call up the eity  pohee |
started to leave The leacer, who had taken ,
possession of the enxine evidently became
alarmed first for before bis men had got
through searching the express ear, he had

started the engine, deserting them le ran
the engine about a holo mile back, sprang
from it and disappeared in the bushes. Mean-

while the other rel ers jumped from the
express car

The conductor, Kennebrew by name, was
at the end of the car when the train stopped,
He sprang to the ground and began waving

his lantern as a signal to the exgineer, One
of the robbers fired at him, the ball strik-
ing Kennebrew in the groin and inflicting

a slight wound, The ex: losion of the dyna-
mite and the pistol shot aroused the pas-
sengers in the train, which was quite crow ded,
and the news got out that the train was be-
ing held up by bighwaymen

There was great excitement among the
passengers. Most of them started to hide-
such valuables as they had Aft
ing of the conductor they did not venture
out of the One of the re
the express messengers gold
and the registered letters wer
They did not enter the passenger
realizing that the job had to be

r the shoot-

 

cars Dbers toon

1
i This
ill they got
eoaches

done in very

 

|
| DUG INTO A MOURD BUILDER'S GRAVE.

| Skeleton With Copper Axes in the Hands
Supposed to Be 3,000 Years Old.
Manierra, Ohio, Dec, 19.—While excavat-
ing yesterday for a cellar 200 yarda from the
famous Mound Cemetery, workmen dug into

|

| @ tnound bullder's grave supposed to be more |

t

jan 2,000 years old) The grave was covertd
with three layers of heavy atone with three
, Inches of fine white sand between each layer

When the third stone was raised the bones of |

| a large man were discovered. In the bones
of each hand were two solid copper axes.
When exposed to the alr the bones crumbled
and within half an hour the entire mass was
in small fragments. The axes were secured
by Dr. FB. RO Bales, an antiquarian, who found
them to be of solid copper and erceediveiy
hard. They havea ahrill ring to them, and
| are imperfect in form,
| common axe of to-day.
| Large bits of charcoal were also found
| in the grave as were the bones of wild antmals
! supposed to have been deer. The grave
was walled in on all sides, the top and bottom
with heavy stones. The body of the mound
builder sat in an upright position with the
hands ina position as if supporting the body,
The head had fallen overon the ribs, ni was
| almost twice the size of the present day man.
The axes had peculfar marks on them and
weighed about two pounds each

The grave was two and half feet wide by
three and a half long, and five feet deep and
tie stones surrounding it were easily proken
the tingers, being soft. The experte
say the copper axes are from the Lake
Superior region and at least 2,000 years old.

A THEATRE.

with

| ee THIEVES IN

 

| Try to Got the Box Office Receipte of ‘‘Shore
| Acres’ at Sioux City, bat Fall.
| Srorx Ciry, Iowa, Dec, 18.—While James
A. tHerne's company was playing “Shore
Acres” here to-nicht two shots rang out
in the theatre office and the audience waa
‘almost startled into a panic, Treasurer
Harley 8, Rounds of the Grand Opera House
and Manager Ross of the company were
counting the receipts of the night when two
masked and armed men entered the ofMce
One of them struck Rounds on the forehead,
fellinghim, Ashelay inthe corner he reached
for his revolver, and one robber fired at him
point blank, 60 close that the powder burned
| his coat. Tho bullet, however, only grazed
! hic arm and’ buried itself in the wood work bée-
his head Another shot was fired, but
by whom neither of the men know,
There were several thousand dollars lying
in a heap onthe desk, but the robber. took
Meanwhile, the people in the theatre
| were scurrying to the door and the robbers
made a hasty exit, disappearing utterly.
| The police arrived in force, but had ho clue
| to work on and have none yet
|
|

side

|
none

FIVE NEW SMALLPOX CASES.

One Walked Into Dr. Blaavelt's Office -Twe
Has Refused Vaccination.

Joseph Mazzea of 906 West Sixty-ninth
street, accompanied by an Italian interpreter,
visited yesterday the office of Dr. Blauvelt,
chief of the Bureau of Contagious Diseases,
The interpreter told Dr. Blauvelt that Mazzea
| wanted to see a doctor, Mazzea pushed back
briechat-from his forehead and Dr. Blauveit
| saw at onoe that he had smallpox. Tie in er-
| preter was vaccinated on the spot, and Mazzea
was sent to the Willard Varker Reception
| Hospital in a carriage and from there to North
' Brother Island. Dr. Blauvelt said

 

his in-

| | spectors reported that Mazzea had been lodg-

ing in the basement of a West Si ty-ninth
| wtreet house and had been cooking in a restau

quiok order or the city police might be ex.

pected to appear at any minute raut. He sent inspectors to find the restau.
The news of the roldiet evched the palice ant

headquarters within a tew tutes and seve | [These amalipox victims were taken from
r act ‘ ' err house mete ay by the Health Depaurt-
ral officers and detective vere hurried to | their houses yesterday by the 1 ;

7 = + , ; 1 oye etors to North Brother Island

the scene, The rebbers had all disappeared

¥ that tine.
whom they
suspicion
yheo saw
bi ek mask
egroes may be ‘
thing of the where
ia it is scarcely Poss
» wot far away
of the tiain and

  

“dsixn neg

 

The police ar
found in t!
The robbers, it is
then, were
The

neighborhood on
said by all
wearine

the

 

lite men
pel think that
r know sone-
abouts of the robbers
ble that the latter could
no the tine between the
the Ppearance of

  

GEN. TEE'S NAME Wilt STAND.

New York University Senate Declines to Re-
move lt From the Halt of Fame,

 

 
 
   

The New York University Senate at its last
neeting received a protest from the Asso-
ciated Survivors of the Siasath Army Corps |
of Washington against the name of Robert
h Lee appeariug in Hall o. Fare lhe
protest is based on the « i it Lee being |
“an enemy to his cou feile

d all right
-1 i

 
 

     

and tile to honorable mention in
as it is proposed to include his n
recording its action on the protest,
says

*“During the month of October it was
entirely within the power of this Senate to
reject the naine of any one approved by @
majority of the ju ‘3, but with the
tion of that montl powerot this
to modify the list sy itted by the tod electors
expired according to the fourth rule of the
deed of gift of the Hall of Fame ]t is fitting
that we should add that no one of the Senate
moved the omission of the name of Robert

he Senate

   

Senate

 

 

    

E Lee. The Senate, therefore, agrees with
the finding of that large majority of judges,
more than two-third of whom inseribed
his name They respect: these electors as
men of highest pattlotis ficial) temper
and thorongh acquaintance with all the im-

of the Senate

portant facts respecting

It is ex pected that this acttor
will close the episode

The designs of the Tiffany ipany. for
the twenty-nine tablets have been received
and approved

The Hon. Andrew H
Dr Maltbte D t
in the University Council

Green and the Rev

TPLEGRAPHERS STRIKE.

 

Orders to Trainmen to Ignore the Orders of | he

the Non-Union Operators.
\Wienita, Kon, Dec 18.—To-night
tave been receive from To ex
Brot er'oo4 of) Riroid 9 Troinmen for
triinmen to icnore
non-unton
strikeoft eO. RT to

orier

f vorab'etermin

 

    

 

explra- |

Babcock have accepted seats |

from the

oriers of ta
oer tor ni to feree te
tion

       

1, 40 years old, of 517 West Forty -
t; Kdith Mitenell, 20 years old,
Meunier, 17 years old, both of 258
ighth street, and Marv Bratton,
+ 412 West Seventeenth street
and Sanitary Superintendent
not surprised at
That was just

   

 

 

td, o
invelt

said they were
) many new
d expected

weorge

vears
Dr B
Joiliing
having
what they h
i “The cases ol
Mitehe! valid Dy
exsusperdting They
and were in the same with James
Mitchell, the kindergarten Janitor, who was
rereoved on Thankswiving Dry My ine ec.
tors tellimne that they wanted to vaec tether
| the np. but they were FEnwit a i
tionists and wouldn't be in ilated If tt
had been they wouldn't have got the dise
| or at least would have had it in mild form

 

 

Menier «a Edith
Dulingham, very

brether and sister

 

are
rooins

 
   
 
 

    

MAJESTIC ICE-COATED.

| Brings Home a Yankee of Rrabant's Horse
Conway the Mountain Climber Aboard,

the White Star liner Majestic, which ar-
| rived yesterday from Liverpool and Queens-
town, was delayed a day by tumult of the
wintry sea. She acquired platings of frost
and icicles while she was hove to for seven
hours on Tuesday, when the crests of combers
that boarded her raced from stem to stern
On thre
{ more than tramp steamship time
| Among her passengers were J. Stonewall
a fourth cousin of the famous Con-

j Jackson,
| federate General, and Horace J. Robinson,

| a Canadian, both of whom fought in the Boer
| war on the British side in a squadron of Bra-
| bo nt’s Horse. All the men of the squadron
| except Robinson were bative VYarkees
| Jobirson sayathe only American flag in
|; Routh Africa was captured by the troopers
trom a man named Onderdonk, who had it
flying over his home It was made by On-
derdonk'’s wife, who put seventy stars in
it, perhaps in a spirit of prophecy. The
flag may be unturled at Austin, Tex., for one
of the troopers bound for that town got pos-
| Ression of it
sir W. Martin Conway, who bas been climb-
; ing moutitains for the last twenty-cieht years,
the Majestic. He

was also @ passenger by
recently returned from South America, where
sealed some of the loftiest summits of the

He says he has given up

Andes

ALCOHOL DIVIDES DOCTORS.

 

Its Use in Medicine Discussed by State Med-
tical Alliance,
At a meeting of the New York State Medical

  
   

 

 

 

 

for the union Al! of the men vho t ent out re Alliance at the New York Academy of Medi-
7 a re eae he ‘i « |
a oe ieee Te raliro if | cine last nleht, Prof. Winfleld 8. Hall of the
men wholly incom etent They «yy th t| Northwestesn Medical Schoo! of Chicago read
not more th n fifty o er tors have been | @ paper on “Fthyl Ale 1~ite Biology and
obt ined, though some 200 on this divi ion went | Its) Relation to Physiol . Pharmacology
out when tie -trike ordered ty t Siturduy nd Therapouties Pref. Hall attempted
Tne striker ythotmo tot the new operitors | to show that aleohol is ne t, in any sense
th t hove been em loyed re mere boys and | & food and that, beentise of its deleterious
vir, Who sre not at conver nt with trin | ¢Mfect on the tssues, its use should be avoi led
orders, ond con equentiy tr ™ i. grestiy | even in small quantities, and that it should
mixed | seldom, if ever, be given as a medicine

- — fhe paper was discussed by Prof. Conn of

St, Lonts Standard Theatre on Fire.

St. Loris, Mo. Dec 13 —At 11°55

st ndird Theatre To oslorms

to-night
fire wes di covered in the un er wallery of the
ere turned in

| Wesleyan University, Prof.C.A. Herter of the
| University and Bellevue Medical School and
by Prof. Woodbury of the Philadelphia ore

,

 

clinic. Professors Conn and Herter stron
combatted neary every statement made
Prof. Wall and atacked both tus premises and
his cone|usions

DEFEAT FOR COLOWRIAN REBELS.

ndin «fev moments t elve streams of weter
ere; toying uo onthe bul ding |
It looks as theuel the bullding would be
rrletely guited The los te the mon ge-
ent. iilbeverv he vy, stheyv hod medee e«
ordin ry irepertion for tie holiday

eppent se son

Despondent and Shot Himself,

  
     

Gen, Uribe Uribe Reported Fleeing With
Less Thin 200 Men,
Spectal Carie Lespatch to THR SUN

couon, Dee. 18 OMlcial advices have bean

ary Frank Duch, ears old, Living | received to the effect that the Government
his mother, Mrs. W. Duech. on the Rich | gopees have defeated the insurgents in en-
! turnpike, near Castleton Corners, | gagements at (arozal, in the State of Bolivar.
Island, shot and kill meelf vester :
afternoon, Duch was married, but did | Gen Tribe Uribe, the rebel leader, is re-
vce with his wife. He had been out of | perted to be fleeing with less than 200 fol-
bh for several weeks and was despondent lower.

mber of the
war with Spain

vis # mM
ot during the

Kurneit’s Vinilla Extract

’ t, and (he best ts mune too goed for fvod and
Avoid cheap substitutes.

Inetst on having It

I wenty-second

 

The Train for Pitteborg

Only $0.6 first close and $*.60 second cises, New York
to Putteburt vie Baiumore & Otuo K. R. on “Pi ttebure
jamited.” eave New \ork, Sout Ferry, ¢55 P. M.,
and Labertystreet 7:00 P. M.; arrnve Pittsburg 6:66
\.M. Polltan drawing-ro m sleemne cars.—Ade.

 

‘

being similar to the ,

' maintenance of these booths, and he further

‘each stand, were revoked, cancelled aud an-

wranted and perroission was accorded to
him, verbally. Pending the expiration of
i this time Tolck made an application for a

; Inissjoner

| meets his officlal responsibility In the matter

days of the voyage she made little |

} nenualpureha
| new mittens at the crossroads atore

the bual- |

CLAUSEN ACCUSES POLICE,

6500 A MONTH COLLECTED FROM
SEWARD PARK VENDORS.

 

Head of the Park Department Says the
Police of the Neighborhood Are ‘‘Prob-
ably Interested’’ Verified His Suspi-
clons Himself —Park Market Abolished.

TAK SUN printed last month complaints
from neighboring business men of the es-
tablishment of a fish market in William H
Seward Park, East Broadway. It appears
that the Park Department has been investi-
gating since then and has come to the official
conclusion that an unofficial collection of
renta amounting to $500 a month haa been
going on to the market in which “members

of the Pollee Department were probably tn- |
following |

terested.” This is set forth in the
official statement given out at the offices of
the Park Department yesterday:

“Notice of intention to discharge Adolpt
Cachko, a laborer in the William H. Seward
Park, was to-day forwarded to him and four
new park employees are to be put on duty
at this park in his place. Park Commis-

 

sioner Clausen'sa object {s to break up the,

practice of using William H. Seward Park,
ite sidewalks and fences, as a market for a'l
sorts of merchandise. The park employee
who {# to be discharged and the police have
permitted this condition of affairs to grow

“Commissioner Clausen's attention was
directed to the matter by complaints made
in November against Moritz Tolck of 288
Grand street, who held a permit tssued in
August last to maintain booths or stands,
15 by 15 feet in extent, on two of the corners
of Seward Park. These complaints were
received at the hands of a lawyer who repre-
sented George Lacov the owner of a corner
opposite the park, who alleged that the rental
value of his property was impaired by the

complained that their use for market pur-
poses was an injury to the business men and
rent payers of the neighborhood

“Under date of Nov. 2s Lolck was noti-
fled that his permits, under which he had
been in the habit of paying $12 a month for

nulled, but as his monthly occupancy dated
from the 15th of the month his application
to be allowed to stay his month out was

repewal of his permits, on the @rouad that
the only objection to. his stands was on ace
count of the sale of fish. He asked that
permits should be issued for the sale of com-
modities that there would be no objection
to Before acting on this application Com-
Clause ordered 4 full investe-
gation of the whole subject

“The first report, received on Dec. 7, was to
the effect that the whole of the par side-
walk, as well as the street adjoining at the

curb, was practically a public market, oc-
eupied by pusheart _pedlers and others
having trays and armfulse of goods. Many

of them used the park fence for the display
of the articles they vended, According
to the report of Dec. 7 a system of payment
for these privileges was {n vogue, but no
particulars were furnished
“A fuller report, under date of Dec. 10,
supplied the particulars missing in the former
report The inspector's information was to
the effect that not less than elghty pushcarts
were assessed at the rate of $5 a month each
for positiona at the curb or on the sidewalk
of Seward Park, while probably a similar
number OF othe wengess. mae ope yea,
were collec from, & e rate o cen
week enehy Gor the ares they on invotee
The report showed that persons known as
‘Jake’ and ‘Mever’ did the collecting until
Within about three weeks ago At that time
a change was made in the method of collece
tion, so faras the woran pediers were cone
cerned One of their own auinber
place of Jake and Meyer in collecting their
quarters, but she was always seen to turn
the money over to one or the other of these
s from the pusheart mea
men who peddied were
ind Meyer
the Park

ated that
members

 

  

men The eolleet
and from the ot
still made by Ja
“The report indir
wrtment Vab wer, Clachko, and
the Paitee Departinent in the neighborhood
were aware of what was going on and were
probably interested in the collections The
venders, or pediers, who para received con-
sideration at the han of this park official
and the police, and the compl ints of Jake
and Mever, or the woman collector, againet
those who did not pay were promptly and
vigorously acted upon by these city ems
plovees Clachko assoetated oF eniv with
Jake and Mever and staved around the cark
} he was noton duty

 

 

De-

 

  

 

 

      

with them even wher

“The report of Dec. 10 waaso startling in
{ta haracter that Commissioner Clausen
de 1 to keep it to himself and take no
ar n until he had ve ‘ it personal
He succeeded In doing this, and when he ar-

rived at his offee yesterday morning he bh
verified the reports so that he was able to «ae

upon them Tie action {a based npon his
own investigation It is taken purely from
and he considers fully

a park standpoint,

 

APPLES FOR MANCHESTER.

 

Abe Evans, Grandfather of the Duchess, Is
Going to Drive to Town With His Gift,

Vest Lrarery, Ohio, Dee, 14.--This town
ie interested over the decision of “Honest”
Abe Evans, the grandfather of the Duchess
of Manchester, who, within the next few
dava, will journey to Cincinnati and pay a
visit to his granddaughter and her husband.
fle will make the trip in a wagon drawn by
two stout horses and will carry with him
teo barrels of “Ben Davis” apples, a species
which says the Duchess was inordinately
fond of when a ehild

The apples are to be presented to the Duke
himeelf. The old man had made pres ara-
tions for the fourney in secret, but such un-
sanew palrof “galinses” and

weaned
some determined plan, 80 his neighbors t
eventing charged him with preparing to visit
hie noble relatives, and he admitted It,

“I've made my own harness,” said the old
man plaintively 1 was going to make A set
for the Duchess until Lheard of that #3,000
gold-trimmed set. 1 shall take things easy
and 1 will meet the Duke before a week

TRUNKS OPENED.

 

 

 

 

MRS. BRASELLE'S

They Kore the Name of W. Sanger Pollman
and Had Been Seized for Debt.

Lose Brancu, N J., Dee, 18—The seven
trunks attached for debt at the Allenhurst
depot last September were opened to-day
by order of Squire W. ft Brinley of this place
They bore the name of “W Sanger Pullman”
and were attached by creditors of the latter
Mrs. Sarah L, Braselie, a sister of Mrs. Pull-
man, claimed that the contents of the trunks
belonged to her All told, «ix creditors
figured in the attachment suits Four were
tried, two verdicts being tn favor of Mrs
Braselle, the third being against, while in
the fourth the fury failed to agree ‘lhe
trunks were opened and found to contain
nothing but ladies’ rin tpparel as de-
reribed by Mrs Braseile. Mrs. Braselle told
Squire Walter KR. Brinley to-day that she
would Institute snit for damages af once
against the per ons responsiile for holding
her tranks unlawfully

 

4

 

Freshmen, Prisoners tn @ Ceol lar.

In the mistaken belief that the Columbia
freshmen were going to have their clase
supper last night the sophomores lald slece
yesterday to the College Hall where the
‘reshiman, Dehating Boclety wae in sesston,
Vhen the 04 men came out the sophs swooped
down upon them and managed to capture
ix ine ing the clas® President, all of whom
were bent prlaoners in a Harlem cellar until
a late hour

Shortage of Cl rk GriMiths Is $475,000.

CINCINNATI, Dec, 18.—The shortage in ac-
counts
R. Griffiths has been growing with the ex-
amin tion that was begun when it wae first
discovered shortly after Mr. Grifitii.'s death
It now reaches 9475,000 The sinking fund
trustees have received from the Audit Com-
pany of New York a statement that it will
not accept the work of expert investigation
unless it has ful! charge.

 

 

Since the start in 1698 the Ballantine brewery has
had the highest reputation, Fvery produ

equalled — Ade

=
Ssh
SS

| Steel Company has successfully

of the late School Board Clerk George |

| highest railway

TOSSED OUT GOLD COIN.

 

A German Who Wae Pat Under Arrest for
His Own Beneft,

A middle-aged German, who refused to
tell who he wus or where he came from, gota
crowd around him last night at Grand and
Roebling streets, Brooklyn After telling
them he was worth a barrel of money and
that he was going to Germany for the winter,
he drew from his pocket a handful of five-
dollar @0.d pieces and began to throw them
to the @owd. It didn’t take long for the

| nows tof travel and within a few minutes

fully 500 people were gathered around him
There was a mad scramble to get the enin
Two tongh-looking fellows pushed through
the crowd and offered to take the man to a
place of safety. The man didn't like the

| looks of the new arirvals and he advised

them to go about their business) They hung
around him, and it was noticed by Special
Policeman Hausletn, who had watched the
German. Hauslein suspected that the men
meant to rob the German and he decided to
arrest the latter. This angered the crowd,
who wanted more of the German's gold coin
Hauslein succeeded in getting the man to
the Bedford avenue police station, whero
from papers in his possession his name was
found to be Conrad Andersen He refused
to tell where he came from or where he was
going. Andersen had $1,550 in American
gold coin, German ten and twenty-mark
gold pleces, a German silver five-mark piece,
$276 in Gurreacy, a passbook on the Seaman's
Bank for savings with deposits aggregating
nearly $1,000 and a passage ticket on a Ham-
burg Line steamer sailing to-morrow. The
police decided to keep Andersen in custody
for safekeeping They held him on the
charge of intoxication

QUEEN'S GRANDDAUGHTER DIVORCED.

Prince Aribert of Anhalt Secures a Decree
Against the Princess,
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Lonpow, Dec. 13.—-According to a despatch
to the Central News from Berlin the conjugal
dispute which has long separated Prince
and Princess Aribert of Anhalt has been ended
by the Prince legally divorcing thet Princess
Louise, who is a granddaughter of Queen
Victoria. It is two years since she first left
her husband, but there was a temporary
reconciMation through the mediation of
Queen Victoria. The rupture, however, be-
came final early this year. They were mar-
ried at Windsor Castle in 1891

The Princess has been travelling incognito
and recently visited the United States A
short time ago she instituted proceedings in
the German Federal courts against her hus-
band, who was compelled by Emperor William
to resign his commission in the Guards. The
Prince's divorce looks like a step to forestall
his wife’s suit. The Princess is a sister of
Prince Christian Victor, who lately died at
Pretoria. he left London this evening to
visit Emperor William with her father

 

BERLIN PANIC CONTINUES.

Bank's Pian to End the Financial Crisis

Yesterday Not Successful.

Special Cable Despaich to THE SUN.

Lonrpon, Dec. i4.—A despatch to the Daily
Mail from Berlin says that the plan of the
Deuteshs Rank .or mitigating the financial
crisis has failed The public expected that
hundreds of milllons of marks would be forth-
coming for the redemption of mortgage
bonds, but only 8,000,000 were available,
just enough to pay the arrears of interest

‘The panic continues. Brokers have bad to
increase the number of their clerks in order
to deal with investors who are unloading
their bonds

Bankers here sald yesterday that the trouble
was confined to the mortgage banks involved
and had little or no effect on the general
financial situation

 

THE CASTELLANE SUITS.

Hearing of the Hric-a-Brao Claims Set for
Dec, 20 in Parts.
Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN.

Parts, Dec. 18. The erosa suits of Count
Bont de Castellane and Asher Wertheimer,
the london bric-a-brac dealer, have been
set for hearing on Dec. 20. Mr. Wertheimer's
claim for @21%0,900 for curios sold to the
Castella The counter claim of the Cas-
tellanes is for £154,000 on the ground that they
were deceived In that the antiquities were
bogus, and that Mr. Wertheimer retains in his
possession art objects belonging to the Coun-
tess which she values at fror $100,000 to $400,-
ooo «The cases are exciting the greatest in-
terest here

 

200 LIVES LOS’ ON WEST RIVER.

Steamer Capsized by Rush of Passengers
to One Side,
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Hona Kona, Deo. 18.-A disaster which
reauited tn the loss of 200 lives occurred to-day
on the West River. A man fell overboard
from a steamer near Hokow, and the 400
passengers aboard made @ rush to the aide
of the vessel to see wliat would become of him.

‘The steamer was overloaded, and the sud-
den uneven distribution of weight caused her
to capsize. Everybody was thrown into
the water, and before aid could reach them
200 of the passengers were drowned,

 

SAYS CZAR HAS CONSUMPTION.

Brussels Paper's Statement Does Not Com-
mand Bellef.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Lonpon, Dec. 13.—A telegram from Brue-
sels quotes a St. Petersburg despatch to the
Soir stating that the Czar has been attacked
by consumption.

It may be pointed out that the Soir is a
sensational paper and is frequently misin-
formed

 

Pennsylvania Company Completes the High-
est Railway Bridge in the World.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Lonpon, Dee, 14.—A despatch to the Timea
from Kangoon say@ that the Pennsylvania
completed
the Gokteik viaduct in the Shan Hills, the
bridge in the world, and
formally handed it over to the railway come
pany on Thursday.

 

KILLED HIS BUSINESS RIVAL.

Hoffman Shot Meehan and Then Committed
Suicide on a Chicago Street Corner.

Cuicaao, Dee. 123—Joseph Hoffman, a
coal merchant, killed Thomas Meehan and
himeelf at Fifty-sixth street and Lake avenue
at «4 o’clook this afternoon. The shooting
s said to h ve been the result of business
jealousy, Meehan also being in the coal busi-
The men met on the south west corner
intersection A short conversation
took place, Then Hoffman began shooting
at Meehan Two bullets entered Meeban's
body and a third struck him in the neck
Satisfied that his victim: was dead, Hoffman
turned the weapon upon himself, fring. di-
rectly into his mouth The bullet took effect
iminediately and dead when the

ness
of the

he was

| persons attracted to the scene reached him,

um | from Grand Central Station, the centre of

Meehan also expired before the arrival of
an ambulance, Both bodies were taken to
the Morgue

 

Be Sure to See Niagara.

So of course you should take the New York Central
the me

tropolia of America,—Ada

|

|

i

| conditions of which Director bk. ¢

STUDIO WALL FALLS OUT.

 

 

SOME OF SCULPTOR PARTRIDGE'S
BUSTS TUMBLE WITH IT.

 

DECEMBER 14, 1900.—COPYRIGHT, 1900, BY THE SUN PRINTING AND PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION

One Sculptor Caught in the Wreck of the |

Thirty-eighth Street Studio, bat Un-
hurt —Figure of St. John Tipped Over
Excavation Next Poor Kesponsibie.

The rear wall of the two one-and-half-
story buildings at 150 and 152 West Thirty-
elahth street, which are ocecupied as studios
by William Ordway Partridge, the seulptor
of the Grant statue in Brooklyn and the Shake-
speare monument in Chicago and by (+ Mor-
etti, an Italian sculptor, fell at about it o'clock
last night and carried with it a number of
bists belonging to the two scuiptors which
had been either completed or nearly finished

The whole back wall tum@ed into an ex-
cavation whichis being made tora new build-
ing at 609 Seventh avenue, ‘The workmen
had dug some distance lower thar
dations of the two buildings in {lurty-eiwhth
street and the wall was weakened

J. Kumenzky, who shires Mr
studio and sleeps over it, was
by the noise of the falling wall, ran out into
a glazed extension in the rear of Mr Mor-
etti's studio and was cut off there by a falling
Hmber which jammed the door to. He man
aged to get out

The two buildings run back about sixty
feet from Thirty-eghth street. The back
wall of the building used by Mr. Partridge
toppled over about 11:10 o'clock The roof
of the building sagged over a couple of feet
and a heavy beam cracke Kumenzky
woke up, putona heavy ulsterandran down
stairs. He went to the rear of the building
to the glass extension, and as he yassed
through the door a part of the corner of the
roof of 152 fell and slammed the door behind
him. Kumenzky thought that the whole
building was going to fall on him, but after
a little difficulty he succeeded in clearing
away the debris and made his way to the
front of the house

A row of plaster busts, which were along
the end of the room, were carried away with
the wall. One of these was a bust of Lieut
Peary, the explorer, which had been
finished. A timber grazed a plaster group
entitled “Christ and St) John," which was
pinced in model vesterday, An inch further
and the timber would have struck the group
It tipped the figure of “St. John" over and it
will net be known until to-day just how badly
that wae damaged

Mr. Partridge, who lives at Fourth
avenue, was notified and he came around
to hie studio about midnight. He sale that
he would not be able to @ive anv estimate
of the extent of the damage inti! to-day

“The group of ‘Christ and St. John,’ ” said
Mr. Partridge, “is worth a good many thons-
ands of dollars. What other damage ! sus-
tained I can't tell at present.”

The Building Department was notified by
the police and men were sent there to prop
up the buildings

the foune

awakened

 

just

280

 

 

Government Candidate Won and Unanimous
Ballot Was Cast for Him.

Vancouver, B. C., Dec. 13.—An interesting
incident has come to light in connection with
the election of Galiher, the Government
candidate in Yale, Cariboo district, for the
Canadian Parilament, last week. The electors
at the 150 Mile House, a ploneer mining lo-
eality, went solidly for Galliher, not a
being cast for elther of the other two candi-
dates. It has just developed that the electors
agreed to vote as a unit, the result to be de-
cided by a Jackpot to be played for by rep-
resentatives of each of the three Parliamen-
tary candidates

The candidates —Galliher, Liberal, McKane,
Conservative, and Foley, Labor -each
lected 'nexpert poker plaver. CGalliher's rep-
resentative won, and every ballot was marked
for him

 

vote

Se.

ASKS FOR A WARSHIP.

An Appeal for Protection for Christians in
the New Hebrides

WASHINGTON, Dec, 18. The Rev. Joseph
F. Hill of the Presbyterian Board of Foreign
Missions ealled on President Mchinley to-
day and asked that an American warship
be sent to the New Hebrides Islands to pro-
tect the Christian natives and missionaries
there from other natives, whoin he repre-
sented as cannibals,

The latter, he said, numbered about 60,000
and the Christians about 20,000, The save
ages had made some raids on the Christians
and had threatened to wipe them out. ‘The
President told Dr. Hill to put the request
on writing and he would lay it before the
Cabinet at to-morrow's meeting

 

INDIANAPOLIS' GAS WAR.

Decision of the Appellate Court Will Prob-
ably HResult in Wholesale Lawsnits.

INDIANAPOLIS, Dec, 13.--There was much
gratification In the city to-day in the gas row
over an Appellate Court decision handed down
at noon, which fixes the status of tie gas
companies and their patrons in cases such as
obtain inthis city. The court held thata eas

Moretti's |

Colder to-day, with rain or snow;

MRS, GARDNER'S GIFT 10 BOSTON.

To Present Her Italian Palace and Art Treas-
ures to the People.

Boston, Dee, 8. Annonneement was mode
thia afternoon that it is the intention of Mra
John L. Gardner to give her [talian + alace,
now in process of construction in the Back
Bay Fens, aud her superb art collection to
(he public of Boston, asafree museum. Mrs.
Gardner's most valuable work Is a famous
painting by Titlan, an immense canvas,
representing “Europa and the Bull,” which
was painted for Philip Il. of Spain. This
masterpiece went from Spain to hranee
at the time of the Orleans marriage as part
of the dowry Sixty vears ago the Orleans
collection was sold, and picture was
purchased by Lord Darnley Rubens made
acopy of this Titian when he was in Madrid
which is inthe Prado Museuin now

Another good example of Titian is his por-
trait of Anne of Austria and child) The col-
lection would be remarkable enough tf it con-
tained no other paintings than those two
Tittaus, which are worthy of conspicuous
place in any museum in the world. Burt there

this

are many other paintings of the very first
order of excellence Among them are por- |
traits by Raphael, Velasquez, Rembrandt, |

Sandro Botticelli, Vandermere, Moroni, ‘lin-
toretto, Van Dyck, Bonifazo, Fra Lippo Lippl,
Clonet, Lucas Van Leyden and the only paint-
ing in America by Lueas Kranach, “Adam
and Eve.” The pictures form only a small
part of the extraordinary collection of works
of art which Mrs. Gardner has accumulated,
A museum of considerable size ia ne
to hold her treasures in the line of seulpture,
bronzes, gold and silver.

‘essary

 

PROP. ABEL INJURED.

Explosion Sends Johus Hopkins Teacher
to the Hospital His Ey:e Hurt.

Battimone, Dee. 18.--Dr. John J. Abel,
professor of pharmacology in the Johns
Hopkins University, waa patnfully injured
on Tuesday night by an explosion. He is
now confined to the Johns Hopkins Hosy ital
and therela grave concern about his eyes

Dr. Abel was working with a “ditninished
Pressure” apparatus, used for the purpose
of securing a partial vacuum, It is thought
that a eidden influx of gas Into the chamber
caused a sufficiently heavy pressure to burst
it. The fying fragments injured Dr. Abel,

Dr. Randolph, one of the opthalmological
etaf? of the university, was nearby when the
accident happened, and has attended Dr.
Abe! ever since. The injuries to the pro
fessor’s face are superficial and will leave
no marks, but there ts concern felt at the
hospital for his eyes, Aside from the possi-
ble danger to them, Dr. Abel's discomfort
and pain are ouly temporary.

 

CHINESE HEADSMAN STRUCK.

 

Wanted More Money or Fewer Decapitations
Many Willing to Take His Place.

Vancouver, B. C., Dec. 18.—Owing to ex-
ecutions becoming so numerous in Canton,
the headsman of the Government threw down
his axe and struck for more pay or fewer
decapitations. The average was running
thirty or forty a day and the official execu-
tioner was getting as remuneration what
would be equivalent in American money to
50 cents a head. The day after he resigned
there were numerous applications for the

; blace and at the end of the week over 180 had

offered to perform the work at 25 cents a head
The Shanghai Mercury says that the new

| executioner cut off the heads of thirty-nine

company Which requires its patrons to pay |

for the use of gas by monthly installments in
advance obligates itself to ite patrons to fur-
nish them with gas in proper and suMecient

the payments are made, and is hablein dam-
awes for a failure to do #0, if such failure re-
sulta from its own neglect or wrongful acts
And it declared that it is no defence to an
action for the failure to supply enough gas,
for the company to show that it had no gas
or furnished all it had so long as it retained
the money received from its patrons in pay-
roent for gas without offering to refund ad-
vanee payments which it had received.

As aoon as the decision was rendered a
number of the patrons of the Indianapolis
Gas Com any announced that they would
proceed avainst the company in suits fer
damages, and Mayor Taggart also sad that
the city would take the matter up in behalf
of the patrons of the company who have
paid for gas for two years and have been com-
pelled to supplement the fuel with wood

 
 

victimaon the first day amid the execrations
of 500 coolies assembled to see him tmutilate
the necks of the victims All his victims
suffered horribly because of his lack of skill

MISSISSIPPI RISES TO OBJECT.

 

Although She Cast Only 57,000 Votes, She
Doesn't Want Her Representation Cat.
New ORLEANS, La, Dec. 13 —At the request

of the Mississippi Congressmen, Secretary
of State Powers of Mississippi has been pre-
paring data to be used against the Reappor-
tionment bill, cutting down the representa.
tion of that State) Mr. Powers shows that
while only 57.450 votes were cast in the late
Presidential election, there were 96.201 votes
cast in the Democratic primary which pre-
ceded it, and 187,500 voters registered) Tess
than half the voters care to go to the polls,
The State gives $1,600,000 for education,
giving the hegroes the same chances as the
whites, and is thus doing all it can, Mr. Powers
argues, to eradicate the illiteracy on account
of which so many of the negrvues are disfran-
chised

 

 

FIRE CHAPLAIN RESIGNS.

The Rev. James Le Baron Johnson Found
the Work Too Much for Him.

The Rev. James Le Baron Johnson, who
Was one of the Fire Department chaplains,
has resigned. His resignation was received
on Tuesday after he had been long absent
from duty on account of ill health Mr
dohngon is attached to Grace Church
Marly in September he got from Dr Hunting-
ton three months leave of absence and he has
been in the Adirondacks and at Watkins Glen
His work at fires with his other duties had
been too much for his strength He attended
tires at all hours of the day and night

ALASKA'S GOLD YVIELD OVER $25,000,000

| The Klondike Produces About 621,000,000
amount to subserve the purpose for which |

and coal. It also became known that the |
company has ordered the mi some
consumers bored and has conse: to it

in the case of many others, lt seems from
these facts that the company has encouraged
Benedict

| complains

|

TUMBLED FROM THEATRE GALLERY.

St. Louis Man Lost His Balance While Ap-
plauding and Willi Die.

str. Lovis, Mo, Dec. 13 —Henry Jacob fell
from the top gallery of the Standard Theatre
into the parquet chairs to-night ard was
#0 badly injured that he willdie When picked
up be was unconscious, Both legs and arms
were broken, as were also several of his ribs
Jacob satina front seat in the gallery and was
leaning over the palling applauding the per-
formance when he fel

Big Foundry for Cheyenne.

CHEYENNE, Wro., Dee. 18.—The Union
Pacific has decided to build an tron foundry
and blast furnace here, which will employ

.500 men and increase the city’s population
be probably 5,000

 

fhe Christmas Namber of the
“New York Heraild"’

will De @ newspaper par excelience, Out Sunday,
Dec, 16, pon Four

exquisite art sections,
containing forty beautiful

ges in color and hall-
tone, Or it without d-lay.—Ade

  

and Nome $4,000,000.

SAN Franetsco, Dee. 18.~—A careful ap-
proximation of the total vield of gold from
the Klondike and Nome for the present
year has been completed by the Selby Smelt-

ing Company, acting with the statistiotan
ef the San Francisco Mint, The amount is

divided as follows: Klondike

Nome, $4,995,804 64

$25,724, 225.51,
$21,958,320.17

WANTED CREASED TROUSERS IN JAIL.

Dude Convict Paddied Because He Irritated
the Guards With His Demands.

CoLuMBLs, Ohio, Dec. 13.--William McFad-
den, a Hardin county forger, was severely
paddled at the penitentiary to-day because
he insisted on wearing creased = trou ere
lie demanded of the guard that he be supplied
with freeh creased trousers each day and be-
came so insulting because he was not fur-
nished with the dudish outfit that the guard
reported him for infraction of the rules with
the above result.

LABOR LEADER MUST GO TO JAIL.

Sentence of Warner of the United Mine Work-
ers Confirmed by the Appellate Court.

CUMBERLAND, Md, Dec. 13. -The Court
of Appeals to-day affirmed the action of the
lower court {In the case of Organizer William
Warner of the United Mine Workers and
leader of the recent strike, who was sentenced
to six months’ imprisonment in the louse
of Correction for unlawful assem oly. Twelve
others in the same case got liguter pontences,
All will now have to give then: es up within
ten days or forfeit their bonds, are
heavy

Warner is now agitating in the Fairmont,
W. Va, region. It is thought the Governor
may pardon the batch after they once begin
their sentence Warner had a number par-
doned before the election, but bis failure to
deliver the vote of miners for Bryan, as he
had promised, may interfere with his own
pardon

which

 

The Aristocratic Whisiey.
Antedituvian Rve.—Adr.

 

lan,
PETTIGREW, Pettus, Platt (N. Yo, Pritehard, Proc
tor, Quarles, Scott, Sewell, Shoup, Spooner, Sullican,

to gain votes for ratification is to strike out

oll the world
Lawrence of
Sir Charles Dilke

snow to-morrow,

—s=z

PRICE TWO. CENTS.
FOR AN AMERICAN CANAL,

SENATE ADOPTS THE DAVIS AMEND
MENT BY A VOTE OF 65 TO ff.

 

| The Treaty Must Be Farther Amended BRe-

 

fore It Can Ke Ratified Ite Friends Will
‘ Consent to Strike Out Article &, Which
Provides That the Exchange of Ratifi-
cations Shall Be Brought to the Notice
of Other Powers, Who Shall Be Invited
to Adhere to It -Also an Amendment
| Practically Abrogating the Claytons
|

Bulwer Treaty Disapprova! in London,

WASHINGTON, Deo, 18.--The Senate in exece
utive session this afternoon adopted by a vote
of 65 to 17 the so-called Davis amendment to
the pending Hay-Pauncefote treaty and then
adjourned in order that a conference might
be held to determine what further proceed-

The conference was
senator Aldrich, the
Republican leader of the Senate and was
attended by Senator Lodge, in charge of the
treaty on the Senate floor, andother prominent
Senators.

ings shonld be taken
held in the room of

After conferring for an hour and a nalf
an informal agreement was reached that
it would be necessary <till further te amend

the treaty inorder to make it acceptiine to
two-thirds of the Seat» (8),
programine will be inaugurated toe: ore
row. Jt was mada tmunifest by to-day
proceedings that the treaty as it now stunds

|
'
| this
eannot be ratified, and in order to save tne

and new

skeleton its friends will accept one or more
of the numerous amendments submittea at
to-day's session and ordered printed wit ut
being read

The detailed vote on the
Was not made public, but the following is 48
nearly acenrate as could be learned ‘Re-
publicans in Roman, Democrats in italice
and Popult-ta and Silver Republican. in
small capitals':

Davis amendment

Yras—Aldrich, ALLEN, Allison, Bacon, Baker,
Bate, Kerry, Burrows, BUTLER, Carter, Chandler,
Clark, Clay, Cockrell, Culberson, Cullom, Daniel,
Deboe, Depew, Dillingham, Dolliver, Elkins, Fair
banks, Foraker, Foster, Hale, Hanna, HARRIS, Haw
ley, HEITPELD, Hoar, Jones (Ark.), Kean, Kenney,
| Kyle, Lodge, McComas, McEnery, McLaurin, MceMil-
Matiory, Martin, Nelson, Penrose, Perkins,

Tallaferro, “TRLLER, Thurston, Towne, Turley,
TURNER, Vest, Warren and Wetmore—65.

NAYS—Bard, Beveridge, Frye, Gallinger, Hane
brough, Lindsay, McBride, McCumber, Mason, Money,
Morgan, Piatt (Conn.), Rawlins, STEWART, 7i//man,
Wellington and Wolcott —17.

Absent-—Messrs. Caffery, Chilion, JONES (Nev.),
and Simon—4

To-night Senators Aldrich and Lodge
called on President McKinley and acquainted
him with the situation as it was developed
in the executive session and at the corfer-
ence afterward, and explained the reisons
why the treaty must be further ameoded
or fail of ratification. One Senator, who
has acted in a way as the spokesman of the
Adininistration on the floor of the Senate
during the consideration of the treaty, suid
to-night:

“Well, we have enough votes to ratify tle
treaty, but we think it best, al) things con-
sidered, to accept one of two of the various
proposed amendments in order to meet the
objections of those Senators who think some
rights have been surrendered to Great Britain
inthetreaty asitstands. Whether theamend-
ment adopted to-day and those to be adopted
hereafter will be acceptable to Great Britain,
1 don't know, and I don’t know that one
ought to care Neither do I know whether
it will be acceptable to the Administration ”

The Davis amendment adopted to-day is
as follows

“Insert at the end of section five of article
two of the treaty the following: ‘It is agreed
however, tha t none of the immedintely fore-
going conditions and stipulations in Soe-
tions 1, 2, 3 4, and 5of this article shall apply
to measures which the United States may
find it necessary to take for securing, by its
own forces, the defenoe of the United States,
and the maintenance of public order.”

One of the proposed amendments which
the friends of the treaty will accept in order

Article III. of the treaty, which reads

“The high contracting parties will imme-
diately upon the exchange of the ratification
of the convention bring It to the ,notice of
the other Powers and invite them to adhere
to it.”

The second concession will be the accent-
ance of an amendment eetting forth that the
Clayton-Bulwer treaty shall be regarded aa
superseded by the Hay-Pauncefote conven-
tion

The treaty advocates profess confidence
that these changes will be sufficient to attract
the fifty-eight votes necessary for ratifica-
tion, and that they will not be compelled to
yield further and consent to the elimination
‘ause of Article IL, providing that no
fortifications shall be erected commanding
the canal or adjacent waters There are 4
few Sentators, however, who claim that un-
leas this clause is stricken out the treaty will
fail

It was a few minutes after 2 o'clock when
Senator Hanna finished his speech on the
Ship Subsidy bill and the doors were closed
for the executive session The treaty was
at once called up and Senator Filkins of West
Virginia took the floor to advocate an amend-
ment even stronger thawthat proposed by
Mr Elkins’s amendment was

of «

the committee
as follows

“Nothing in thia treaty shall be construed
to prevent the United States from acquiring
sufficient territory, and sovereignty over
the same, to build, operate, maintain, cone
trol and defend said canal, or for any other
purpose that the United States may deem
for its own interest

Mr. Filkins declared that he was for an
\merican canal in every sense of the word,
Hie belleved the pending treaty ought to be
if it could not be amended 60 aa to
protect all the rights of this Government
and give it the absolute right to not only
build the canal and control it after our own
fashion, but to detend and fortify it against

defeated,

Mr. Elkins euoted from Prof,
Cambridge University, from
and from various other

English authorities of prominence to show
that changed conditions changed the terms
of treaties and compacta between nations,
Just as they changed compacts and partner-
ships between private individuals. He heid
that the Clayton-Rulwer Treaty had been
repudiated time and again by Great Britain,
and that the United States had in its official
correspondence ignored its provisions

the history of this country,
Mr. Elkine asserted that while the Clayton.
Bulwer treaty may have been considered @
good thing in its day, as Mr. Morgan had
buggested, it had outgrown its usefulness
and was recognized as nothing more thana
souvenir of the diplomacy of the past. Thera
was nothing, Mr. Eikins said, in the way of
the immediate abrogation of the obnoxious
treaty with Great Britain, that had stood
for eo many years &s a barrier between this
Government and the rigtts upon which It
insisted, and for which it had never had the
courage to challenge the British Govera-

Keviewing

 

Ballantine s India Pale Ale is the perfegion of @
brew pure, Smooth, @enjly invigorating. # Ade