—- FF eee ee Cl

ad

 

 

 

VOL. LXIX.—NO, 361,

COAL ROAD MEN ARB FIRM.

THE SITUATION NOT CHANGED
BY MR. MORGAN'S RETURN,
Presidents of the Anthractte Roads Meet

in This @lty--Renewed Statements
That Arbitration Cannot Be Consid-
Praise for Mr. Hewitt's Views,

   

ered

Any hopes of arbitrating the strike of the
anthbracie miners which may have arisen
from the various rumors persistently sent
cow since J. Pierpont Morgan returned from
Furope were set at rest yesterday. After
a meeting of the presidenta of the coal-
cerrying roads held late yesterday after-
noon, the etatement was made on the high-
est authority that Mr. Morgan was in touch
ofth the situation while he was in Europe
and that his return has not affected the
matter inany way

This was the statement:

“While Mr. Morgan was in Europe he
knew the exact situation of affairs just as
he had been here. He was in touch

with everything that transpired and could
have interfered in the dispute as easily

ie be was abroad as on his return. His
home coming does not alter the situation
in any way. There is no reason why he

vid interfere now any more than at any

; time during the strike, and he will

t interfere.”

The conference of the coal presidents

. place in a private room In the Del-

. Building, Beaver and William streets,

a luncheon given by Thomas P

I er, president of the New York, Ontario

and Western Railroad, to the other rail-

roads presidents. Besides Mr. Fowler,

there were present FP. D. Underwood, presi-

contof the Erie Railroac; W. H. Truesdale,

president of the Delaware, Lackawanna

ond Western Railroad, and George F. Baer,

president of the Philadelphia and Reading
Pailroad

The meeting lasted about two hours and
the situation was thoroughly discussed.
The question of opening the collieries when
# sufficient number of men applied to be
taken back was considered, but it was
tated that no definite time was fixed for
making a start. Reports from the various
collieries showed that in all the mining
districts men were applying to be taken
tack if protection is guaranteed, but that
nosigns f a stampede to work had mani-
fested themselves

Aftor the meeting was over President
Baer said that under no circumstances
would arbitration be considered, The
operatora at the meeting were a unit on
that point.

“The situation at the mines is improving
every day,” he said. *Fach day a few
more men are applying to return to work,
Just when work will be actually resumed
1 could not undertake to say, but I will
say that no interference by any outside
parties, no matter how we may respect
the parties themselves, will have any effect.
The matter at issue is only one that can be
settled between the operators and the
miners.”

Referring to the statement made at
Bar Harbor, Me., by Abrem S. Hewitt on
the atrike situation, he said:

“Mr. Hewitt’s statement, like every
other statement he makes, is calm, logical
and convincing. It exactly sums up the
situation and will, I believe, aid in ending
the strike. I could not add anything to it.
It will help to offset the well-meant attempts
to induce us to agree to arbitration, made
by people who, though men of education
and high motives, cannot understand the
situation from other than a sentimental
standpoint. The encouragement given
by these well-meaning people to the strikers
by holding out the impossible idea of arbi-
tration before them has helped to lengthen
out the strike.”

“If Mitchell comes here to make a last
appeal for arbitration, would it be con-
tidered?”

"I do not see why it would. All the
arguments that could be used by Mitchell
were put forward and discounted before
the atrike took place.”

Mr. Baer called at the office of Mr, Morgan
tefore he went back to Philadelphia, He
remained only a short time, however. Mr.
] also had a talk with Mr. Morgan in
the latter’s office before he attended the
meeting. Samuel Spencer, president of
the Southern Railroad; H. McKay Twombly,
Mr. Stotesbury and George W. Perkins
present on the occasion, Samuel
Sloan, chairman of the board of directors
cf the Delaware, Lackawanna and Western
Roeilroad, had also a talk with Mr. Morgan,

 

were

as did J. Rogers Maxwell of the pereey
Central, President Wilbur of the Lehig
Valley, President Underwood of the Erie

' President Truesdale of the Delaware,
Lackawanna and Western.

After President Baer left the office of
JP Morgan & Co,, Mr. Morgan said:

So far as Tam concerned there is nothing
new in the coal strike situation, I have
ho word to say about coal strikes now nor
at any other time. ‘That matter is in other
and most capable hands.”

 

CRIMMINS AGREES WITH HEWITT

(an Be No Arbitration of Strike Where
Fight Is for Recognition of Union.

One of those who read ex-Mayor Hewitt's
vews on the coal strike, printed in THe
hon yesterday, was John D. Crimmins,
one of the largest employers of labor in
this city. In an interview yesterday he
taid that he approved of Mr. Hewitt's
position and added that no other person
could have made a clearer statement on
the subject

While Mr. Hewitt's argument, Mr, Crim-
Dips said, was based on his own interpre-
tetin of the differencea between the
cperatora and the men, yet he believed
that interpretation was the true one, and
the one which would be generally accepted
by thinking people. ae

“My own record,” said Mr. Crimmins,
“shows that I have always favored arbi-
tration, but I fear, with Mr. Hewitt, that
conditions are now too acute for arbitra-
tion. Tam afraid that the seal contest is
fr the recognition of the union, If it is,
then there is no ground for arbitration,

“[ have always believed in such associa-
tions, so long as they were for lawful pur-
sea, but the proposition of a hardeand-
ast organization, that shall include all
the miners and dietate rules and. make the
rates of pay on the coal fields of the nation,
Cannot be tolerated. It is too dangerous,

“Mr. Hewitt probably had in mind in his
talk what every employer of consejence
feels as a duty, that one of his functions is
; cet labor against itself, There is
@ disposition toward tyranny in their own
Crganizations, The coal operators must
#tand by their duty, in the idea that they
fre fighting for the right of the citizen to
labor where he may find employment,”

Mr Crimmins said that there could, in his
Opinion, be no arbitration save that sug-
gested by Mr. Hewitt, the ealling off of the
strike and then the submission of whatever
Just krievanees the men had for examina-
ton by arbitrators

 

Burnett's Extract of Vanilla
from stleeted vanilla beans, warranted

 

Prepared

New York to Colorado.
‘wo nights en ronte by the “Colorado Spe
2 Low excursion rates every via Chieage
t. yerth Western and Uulon Pacite Rys. Oficea,

| Livadway.—Ade

    

SS |

———_—S—

NEW YORK, WEDNESDAY. AUGUST 2

TROOPS AT SUMMIT HILL.

A Threatening Sitnation in Panther
Creek Valley.

Tamagva, Pa., Aug. 26.—This was a day
of great excitement in the Panther Creek
valley, At daybreak four companies were
taken to Lansford and Summit Hill to asaist
the civil authorities in preserving order.
When the first carload arrived at Summit
Hill the soldiers were surrounded by a mob
who hooted them and called them “scabs”
and “blacklegs.” Major C. L. Gerhart,
who was in command, ordered the men to
disembark, and, forming in double ranks,
they drove the crowd back,

At this juncture a number of citizens
held a conference with Major Gerhart and
asked him to take the troops out of the town.
They said that the striking men were in an
ugly mood and they feared that a serious
riot might occur. Major Gerhart answered
that he was there to preserve order and
that if the mob did not disperse within a
given time he would order his men to fix
bayonets and clear the streets.

A number of the citizens then appealed
to the strikers to go to their homes and
remain peacoat. Their counsel prevailed,
and within a half hour the streets were al-
most deserted.

Major Gerhart this evening said that
the situation was unquestionably serious
More troona will be sent to Lansford and
Summit Hill in the morning in order to
protect non-union men on their way to
work

The Lehigh Coal and Navigation Com-
pany commenced hoisting coal at the No,
4 mine to-day. ‘This is the first time coal
has been mined in this part of the region
since the strike started °

SHAMOKIN, Pa., Aug. 26.-Notwithstand-
ing that several men, supposed to be from
the coal region, have been shot by farmers
in Irish valley for stealing poultry and
vegetables in the last two weeks, midnight
descents on farms by bands of marauders
are increasing. Farmers of the valley
sent to Virginia to-day for bloodhounds
to aid them in repelling the robbers.

WHAT'S UP AT WILKES-BARRE?

Mitehell and His Lieutenants Confer—More
Collieries Getting to Work,

WiLkes-Barre, Pa, Aug. 26.—A confer-
ence of President Mitchell and District
Presidents Nichols and Fahey, which lasted
all the afternoon, has caused much specula-
tion. This coupled with the presence here
for the last twenty-four hours of an im-
portant-looking person, who registered as
Charles S. Vessey of New York, bas caused
many rumors of a strike settlement. Pres-
ident Mitchell declined to say what the
conference was about, and as to the visit
of Vessey he said it had nothing to do with
the strike. He would not say whom his
visitor represented. Od the conference the
most he would say was that he had not
received anything from the operators,
President Duffy of the Ninth district arrived
to-night.

President Truesdale of the Delaware,
Lackawanna and Western, late this after-
noon telephoned Vice-President Loomis,
who was in this region inspecting the col-
lieries, that there was nothing at all in the
reports emanating from Wall Street to-day
that the operators were about to make
concessions

“I would know if there was anything in
it,” he eatd, “and it was all news to me.
Our position has not changed.”

The Avondale mine of the Delaware,
Lackawanna and Western,* which started
yesterday, put out 160 tons of coal to-day,
and the officials expect to increase this to
400 tons a day by the end of the week.

The Malthy colliery of the Lehigh Valley
Company to-day shipped sixteen carloads
of coal and had boys working in the breaker.
Mules were taken back to the Dorrance
colliery to-day and cots were placed in the
offices within the yard. The Pettibone and
the Woodward of the Delaware, Lacka-
wanna and Western are alao being pre-
pared for work.

The Citizens’ Alliance of Hazleton is
hurrying the prosecution of persons cof-
cerned in the riot yesterday at No. 40 col-

liery. Four arrests have been made, the
most important being that of Alderman
Daniel MecKelway of Hazleton, who is

clacged with participating inthe riot. He
was held under 8700 bail. The evidence
against him was given by William Scheuck,
son of the man stabbed by the rioters.

 

HANNA ON ARBITRATION.

Labor Not Yet Ready to Have It Made
Compulsory, He Says.
JOHNSTOWN, Pa., Aug. 26.—Several days
ago N. F. Thompson, formerly secretary
of the Johnstown Board of Trade, wrote
to Mark Hanna urging compulsory arbi-

tration as the only means of settling the
anthracite strike. Under date of yesterday
Senator Hanna wrote:

1 pote your argument In favor of com-
pulaory arbitration, but my experience
among the labor leaders would indicate that
they are not yet prepared to admit the force
of this argument. in other words, they ere
opposed to compulsory arbitration, All this
ia the work of education and must be ap-
proached very carefully and by short
steps

In these days of prosperity it is not surpris-
ing that we should have a multiplicity of
strikes, but I, for one, am disposed to excuse
the method when it. is required to enforee
the righta of their demands, which in most
instances have been recognized. I am_ not
discouraged by several failures to adjust
situations, because | realize a great deal of
prejudice must be overcome before the an-
tagonistic elements can brought into
friendly relationship. Our success thus far
is auch thas I ress pearly encouraged to go
on with the work, ruly yours,

M. A. Hinna,

A WOMAN STOWAWAY.

Penniless and Starving She Tried to Get to
Boston in a Box Car.

New Haven, Conn., Aug. 26.—When a
brakeman at the Canal Hill freight yard of
the New Haven road opened the door of
one of the box cars that had come in over
night from Harlem this morning he found
a woman lying on the floor. She was neariy
dead for the want of something to eat.

She said she had friends in Boston whither
she was bound. She hadn't a penny to pay
her fare on a passenger train. She said
she went to New York to get employment,
but was unsuccessful. Rather than beg she
went to the Harlem freight yards and
erawled into the box car of a train which
she was told was going east. She was in the
ear for several hours before the train started.
She hadn't had anything to eat for a long
time before that.

The men in the yard made up a collection
for the woman to buy food and to pay her
fare to Boston.

|

Fiaring Proctamation of Fatherhood.

William 8. Decker of 144 Sussex street,
Jersey City, was so tickled over the arrival
of a son and heir yesterday morning that
he decorated the exterior of his house
with flags and bunting. Last night the
front of Fis house was ablaze with Japan-
ese lanterns.

ey

In These Days of the Historical American
novel, It is most Instructive and enjoyable to see
the place where history was made- Old Point
Comfort, Va. Fare, including meals and state-
room, $13.00. Send to the Chambertin and Hygela
for booklet. Ade,

Fast Travel Facilitates Business,

The Pennsylvania Special leaves New York
155 P.M. dally, arrives Chicago $56 A, M.—Adt.

 

 

 

 

BOOM, COMING-J R, KEENE,

THERE'S NO FALSE BOTTOM TO
OUR PROSPERITY, HE SAYS,

 

 

Ovr Marvellous Crops Have Put Stocks on
a Firm Foundation and Made Divt-
dends Certain—America ‘the Paradise
of Earth” to Men Who'd Succeed,

James R. Keene, who returned home
last week from a three months’ trip in
Europe, said a number of interesting things
about stocks, horses, his journey abroad
and the contrasts of life here and on the
other sige, in the course of an interview
with a Sun reporter at the offloes of Talbot
J. Taylor & Co., yesterday.

Mr. Keene was asked for his view of
the market outlook

“The fundamentals of the market are
solid,” he said. “I never was more positive
in my life than I am In the opinion that
stocks will reach a higher range of values
Agricultural conditions and business activ-
ity such as we have enjoyed and have
reason to expect made a firm foundation
for stock values. We have the products
and the markets are open to us.

“There is no false bottom to this period
of good times. We have had six years of
business prosperity to put the farmer
and the railroad, the merchant and the
workman on firm ground. Our crops are
good and marvellously abundant.

“Although prices may look high now
in contrast with past quotations, I believe
that prices are relatively lower and stocks

intrinsically more valuable than they
were six years ago, Our railways have
improved roadbeds, on which heavier

rails are laid, new rolling stock and im-
provemente of every kind, to provide for
the safety of passengers and to in-
sure economy of administration. Earning
capacity has increased, and the success
of the crops has made dividends certain
I know of no false dividends declared for
stock-jobbing or other purposes, but I do
know of railroads that have been earning
12 per cent. and paying a conservative
dividend of 6. All our railroads have
plenty of money in their treasuries and
have spent money wisely enhancing the
values of their properties.”

De you see any menace to a continuance
of good times?”

“Outside of some great and unexpected
calainity I can see nothing which might dis-
turb the upward trend, excepta possible
money stringency. There is no reason
why we should have a stringency, but it
might come from the lack of money to
handle the great crops which are to be
brought to the market. The Treasury

Department has taken steps to meet this
situation. Good financiering will meet
it. Any unfortunate results we might
have would come, not from the actual
shortage of money, nor because of the
interest which it mer demand in such a
time, but from a feeling of alarm among
people that may not be able to get suicient
money to finance their speculations and
their trades. Apprehension ‘= an element
- stock market which must be dealt
with.

“We will have good markets for our

crops. They will command good prices.
The crops tn England, Germany, France
and Austria are poor. The estimates are

lower than in previous years. Since I came
home from England, I learn that the most
recent estimate there shows even poorer
crops than they calculated on a month ago.”

“Are stock values likely to be disturbed
4 f the suits brought to prevent the merger
of industrial and railway corporations?”

“It seems that the market K not affected
by that sort of business. Suppose the
Government should win all that it aske in
the action against the Northern Securities
Company. fhy, then, the stocks of the
companies pass again to the separate
corgeysnons and no value departs from
them.”

Mr. Keene saw something of the life of
the laborers in Continental Europe.

“The condition of the laboring classes in
Hungary, Austria and part of Germany
is really pitiful,” he said. “The rate of
wages barely admits of existence. When I
saw the workmen of those countries I won-
dered what we would do without .a tariff.

“America is the paradise of earth. Here
is the greatest return offered to the man who
has muscle or brain to market. Here is
the place for the man of ambition to dis-
cover that energy and worth find their way
to the top more suddenly than anywhere
else on earth.”

Though Mr. Keene has just come trom
three months’ stay in Europe he had this
to say about home and foreign travel:

“If Americans would stay at home and
apend here the money that they spend
abroad, in five years we would have the
richest country the world has ever seen
Let Americans develop their own water-
ing praces and see their own country.

od roads will bring to America a
large degree of prosperity. All the roads
in nee, now, are as good as our roads
in Central Park. The Frenchman journeys
about in his own land, by automobile, tra
or other vehicle, sees and appreciates his
country and spends his money there. Let
us have such roads in America and the
benefits will be everlasting.

“Take the case of tho farmer.
carries a ton of gn on @ wagon drawn
by two horses. ith good, roads he could
move four tons with the same outfit.”

While in England Mr. Keene dined with
King Edward at Lady Lister-Kaye’s. The
Duke and Duchess of Connaught, the Duke
and Duchess of Devonshire and Lady Alice
Stanley were among the other guests. Mr.
Keene said he had enjoyed the meeting.

From Mr. Keene's distinguished career
on the turf in America and in England one
might easily surmise that he likes to talk
of his horses. He will start three, possibly
four, in the Futurity next Saturday. The
horses to carry his colors will be Dazzling,
Whitechapel and Flying Prince.

It has been stated right along that Dales-
man and Sir Launcelot also would run for
him. Mr. Keene said it was unlikely that
either of these would start. bly a
maiden which has never faced the barrier
will be added.

“I think I've got & good chance,” said
Mr. Keene, “but I never let the opinion
possess me that I'm going to win. The
uncertainty of a horserace is a thing I’ve
come to understand fairly well. I know,
too, that when all the trainers tell me. a
horse will win and I bet on him_ he loses,
When I do bet on a horse it ia because |
am fond of the animal himself.

y betting operations are not large.
Sometimes in a whole season they will not
amount to $5,000. I like the sport, and I
find it a pleasant diversion from business,
That's all. I should like to win the Futurity
this year, and I mean to try.”

Mr. Keene said he expected to race a
stable in England again next year.

“We have had no great success there this
season,” said he. “It may be that the
English horses are better than ours; that
seema a fair conclusion, All American
horses are pretty well taken care of in the
matter of weight over there. The scale is
higher and the horses are handicapped
with more weight than they are accus-
tomed to carry here.

“The sport is on a fine plane there, for
ao man’ owners race purely for the sport
and not as a betting stable, and that is the
element that helpa the turf.”

Mr. Keene went to Sheepshead last week
to see his horses. Hoe will be at the track
Saturdayto watch his colors in the Futurity.

He now

 

 

Short Time: Short Lino to Chicago.
The Pennsylvania Special leaves New York
dally at 1:55 P.M, arrives Chicago 9:56 A. M.~- Ade

 

 

zs

     

\VVtT Phe
WY

NM //// 742)

\

oo —

fy

Gabriel Wins World's Champtonship for a
Kilometre In 26 2-8 Seconds.
Spectal Cadle Despatch to Tuk Sun

TROUVILLE, Aug. 26.~-Amazing speeds
were reached in the motor-car races at
Deauville to-day in the presence of a great
crowd of fashionable peop'e. The chief
event was the race for the kilometre cham-
pionship of the world, which was won by
Gabriel,on a Mors car. He made the dis-
tance in 26 2-5 seconds, which is at the rate
of eighty-four miles an hour. W. K. Van-
derbilt, Jr., made the distance in 29 2-5
seconds a short time ago, but his record
was subsequently lowered by C. Jarrott
to 28 1-5 seconds,

The course lay from the hotels and villas
on one side to the sand dunes. It was
1,000 metres long. The contestants were
allowed 600 metres in which to get up speed
before the kilometre test began and 300
meters for slowing up after the finishing
post had been passed. Troops lined the
course throughout, and the finishing points,
where the grand stands were located, were
railed in

The race for motor weighing
500 pounds was won by Rigal,on a Buchet
tricycle, He made the Kilometre in 28 4-5
seconds, which is at the rate of 78 miles an
hour, The tricyele had an eight-horse-
power engine,

Serpollet, who was the favorite for the
race that Gabriel won, failed a hundred
yards from the finish, when a steam joint
gave way undera pressure of 1,000 pounds
to the square inch, The car suddenly came
to a standstill, The result appeared to
show that petroleum can heat steam

cye les

OF ROOSEVELT.

Dimicult, Says the “Times,” to Form an
Opinion of the Chances for His Policy,
Special Cable Despatch to Tuk SUN
Lonpon, Aug. 27 English
papers have shown remarkable reticence
in printing and commenting on President
toosevelt's speeches during his present
tour in New England The leading papers
have been silent until this morning and
even now they only make conjectures on
the probable party results of the Presi-
dent's declarations
The Timea admits it is difficult for those
not citizens of the United States to form
any opinion of the chances for or against
President Roosevelt's policy. Hoe is, the
paper says, a shrewd as well as courageous
man. It adds
“Whether the President will carry with
him a sufficiently powerful body of opinion
to enable him to sweep aside the resistance
that will be arrayed against him and most
skilfully employed to defeat him, is a matter
on which we will not venture to form an
opinion.
*The people of the United States them-
selves have not very clear ideas on the
subject and their political prophets are
all at sea in their speculations. Nor, in-
deed, is it certain that the President him-
self has thought out the question in detail
and arrived at conclusions which can at
present be submitted to the Congress in
the shape of a bill.” ‘

LONDON VIEWS

 

rhe news-

SAYS TRUSTS NEED NOT FEAR.
Vienna Newspaper Discusses President
Roosevelt's Syeech.

Spectal Cable Despatch to THE Sw.
VIRNNA, Aug. 26.-The Neue Wiener
Tageblatt, in an elitorial on President
Roosevelt's speech in regard to trusts,
ridicules his suggestion of State super-
vision of these combinations. The paper
says it can assure Mr. Morgan, Mr. Car-
negie and Mr. Rockefeller that the Presi-
dent does not mean any mischief. It goes
on to say: “That military imperialist [the
President) sees in trusts a national source
of power and a medium for American
economic imperialism. Accordingly he
takes them under his powerful protection.
\urope knows what to expect from Mr,
Roosevelt, who was once the reputed op-
ponent of trusts, but who has now been
transformed into a reckless economic im-
perialist.”

COP STUCK IN THE MUD.

First in a Boat—Then a Plank Broke and
Let Him In—Hauled Out With Ropes.
Jacob Hannagel, a workman on a pile
driver in the Harlem River off 162d street,
burst a blood vessel last night. Policeman
Barret and Ambulance Surgeon Busck
set out to row out to the pile driver and
went aground thirty feet from shore,
They shouted for assistance and mem-
bers of the Nassau Boat Club took them
off about half an hour later, The surgeon
took his patient to the ambulance leav-
ing the policeman to follow in another,

ret tips the scales at 250 pounds, When
his boat was within ten feet of shore it
atuck in the mud again. Bystanders put
out a plank on which the policeman might
walk to shore. The plank broke when
the policeman was half way and he fell
into the mud,

He floundered around until two other
licemen pulled him out with ropes. But
@ was game. He patrolled hia post until
midnight in spite of his muddy garments.

CHICAGO LOSES BORIS,

"Twas the Time of His Life and He De
parted Kissing and Reluctant,

Cnicaao, Aug. 26.—If the effusiveness of
his farewells in any Measure corresnonded
to his regret at leaving Chicago, Grand
Duke Boris carries a warm spot in hia heart
for the city where he says he has had the
time of his life. Arthur J. Caion's bewhis-
kered cheeks bear the imprint of a shower

of kisses bestowed upon him by the royal
visitor, The Duke's countrymen, Prince
Englatchifft and Baron Schilpembach, and
others who have made it interesting for
the Duke during his visit in this city also
received effusive marks of the royal favor

It was with many signs of regret that

 

 

 

 

he boarded this afternoon the Michigan
Central train that is to take him and his
rty to Niagara Falls for a short visit.

‘rom the Falls the party will go to New
York.

 

WOMAN INSANE IN A CHURCH.

Mrs. Kernan Disturbs the Worshippers and
Is Sent to Bellevue.

Mrs. Margaret Kernan, 38 years old, of
45 Fast Sixty-first street, was attacked
with religious mania in the Church of St.
Vincent Ferrer, Sixty-sixth street and
Lexington’avenue, yesterday, afternoon,
She caused such a disturbance that a
oliceman was called. She waa sent to
Jellevue Hospital to be examined as to her
sanity.

 

 

 

Atlantic City for Labor Day.

Atlantic City—delightful place for Labor Day.
Reached by New Jersey Central. 3hours from New
York. Trains 040A. M., 340 P. M.; Saturday 1 P.M.
~Ade

O80 Miles in 20 Hours,

The new “th Century Limited” of the New
York Central and Lake Shore does this every day,
and effects a great saving to the busy man whe
trevels between the East and West. —.tde

‘4 MILES AN HOUR BY AUTO. | PLOTS AGAINST TWO RULERS.

 

 

 

REPORTED
ITALIAN

PLAN
AINGS

Ta
TRAIN.

DERAIL

 

 

Captured Spanish Anarchist Betleved to
Have Been Chosen to Kill the Kaiser
~Arrested at Nice After a Struggle
—Vietor Emmanuel on Way to Bertin.

Spectal Cable Despatches tu THe SUN
Rome, Aug. 26. Kine
left here this morning for Berlin on a visit
to Emperor Wiliam, He was accom-
panied by Signor Prinetti, the Prime Min-
ister

Lonpon, Aug. 27.-The Geneva
spondent of the Daily Chronicle in a despatch
describing the enthusiastic
tended to King Victor Piomanuel on his
arrival at Goschenen on his way to Beri
reports that a plot was discovered by which
the reval train waa to be Cerailed

Many Italians have been arrested. The
train is due in Berlin on Wednesday after-
noon,

Berkuin, Aug. 27.—The
the imperial gazette, publishes an official
weleome to King Vietor Emmanuel. The
paper declares that the friendship between
the two dynasties has value for both the
German and Italian nations as a pledge of
the stability in the political relations which
knit the two countries one t
to Austria-Hungary.

The Triple Alliance resta on the common
need for maintaining the status quo in
central Europe. It does not lay any burdens
on the members which each individual
State would not have taken up of its own
initiative, It welcomes Signor Prinetti,
the Italian Minister of Foreign Affairs, as
@ statesman who helped to renew this well-
tried system of territorial guarantees,

Lonpon, Aug, 26.-A despatch from
Nice says Lopez Garcin was arrested there
to-day after a violent struggle with the
police. He arrived at Nice recently from
Spain

The police received warning that he was
a dangerous Anarchist who had been #e-
lected to kill some European ruler, sup-
posed to be Emperor William

Vietor Emmanuel

corres:

weleome ex-

Reichsanzeiger,

 

) another and

 

NEGRO JUMPS FROM THE BRIDGE

Frank Cody, Well Known to the Police,
Takes the Plunge, but Will Recover.
Frank Cody, a negro, 33 years old, living

at 16 Sixth avenue, Brooklyn, jumped
from the Brookiyn Bridge last night, and
although unconscious when he waa fished
out of the river, the doctors at the Brook-
lyn Hospital say he will recover

»Alexander Miller, a truckman,was driving

across the Bridge at 8:80 o'clock At the
entrances to the Bridge Cody climbed on
the rear of the wagon, About half way
across Miller missed his passenger, but
found in his truck a coat, which he reccg-
nized as having been worn by the negro

He took the coat to the Fulton street
police station, While he was in the station
information was received that two boat-
men had reacued a man who had jumped
from the Bridge. It seemed that James
Collina and John Murray, two Brooklyn
watermen, were in a rowboat under the
Bridge when they heard a splash,and a
few seconds Jater Cody, in an insensible
condition, rose to the surface, They took
him in their boat and rowed ashore.

An ambulance was summoned and the
surgeon found that Cody was badly bruised
and probably internally injured, but no
bones were broken. He was taken to the
Brooklyn Hospital, where, in a conscious
interval, he told the doctors that he had
informed his wife earlier in the day that he
intended to commit suicide by leaping from
the Bridge.

Cody is well known to the police, He
was arrested a few months ago for stealing
lead pipe from a Fulton street store. In
1894 Cody married a white woman named
Elvira Anderson, the daughter of a letter
carrier attached to Station V. When her
father learned of the marriage he threat-
ened to shoot Cody on sight. Mrs. Cody
has frequently separated from her hus-
band, but has always returned to him,

 

45 POLICEMEN TRANSFERRED.
Jersey City Hospital Passes Out of Police
Control,

Chief of Police Murphy of Jersey City
last night promulgated an order trans-
ferring every sergeant and roundsaman in
the city. The order will go into effect at
6 o'clock this evening. Thirty-one ser-
geants and fourteen roundsmen in the

seven precincts will be affected.

The Jersey City Police Commissioners
adopted a resolution last night transferring
the management of the City Hospital to
the new Board of City Hospital Trustees.

The board was created by legislative
enactment last spring, with power to con-
struct a $300,000 hospital building.

Dr. John D, ot ener of the Hud-
son County National Bank, who is the only
Democrat in the Police Board, opposed
the transfer.

He charged that the Hospital act was
unconstitutional, and said that the Repub-
licans passed it for a bluff, knowing that
the bill was worthless. The two pub-
lican Commissioners held that a law is a
good law until upset by the courts,

 

 

TRAIN ROBBERS GET NOTHING.

Hold Up a Northern Pacifico Train, but Fall
to Blow Open the Express Car.

SroKkaneE, Wash., Aug 26.—An unsuccess-
ful attempt was made to rob the westbound
Northern Pacific passenger train after hold-
ing itup near Sand Point, Idaho, late last
night. he engineer was compelled to
stop the train and after tae combination car
containing the express packages and bag-
gage had been uneoupled it Was run up the
track about three miles, where an attempt
was niade to wreck the car with dynamite,
The expresa messenger refused to open
the door and as the explosives failed to work
the robbers decamped after firing about
twenty-five shots into the car

Fight men were engaged in the hold-up
and it is believed they were trarips. The
passengers were not molested,

P, DOUGHERTY WEDS IN SWEDEN,
Now Sends the News to His Father, the
City’s Former Water Commissioner.

J. Hampden Dougherty, who recently re-
signed as Commissioner of Water Supply,
Gas and Electricity, received news yester-
dey that his son Paul had married at Hel-
singborg, Sweden, Miss Anna Bertha Lund,
a daughter of Johannes Lund, a wealthy
shipbuilder

‘hile studying art in Paria two years
ago young Dougherty met Miss Lund, who
was also an art student there, They fell
in love with each other and an engage-
ment followed

 

 

 

 

It cures Rronehitis
Jayne's Expectorant Ade
Why Not See Niagara Falla?
You can do so with No extra eapense If you travel
Ly the New York Central ines \deo

1902. —Copurignt, 1902, by The Sun Printing and Publiahing Association

DEATH OF JULIA LAMONT
After a Stroke Which Prostroted Her tn
a Sorrento Hotel,

Bar Hannon, Me., Aug. 20.-—Miss Julia
Lamont, daughter of Daniel 8. Lamont,
former Secretary of War, died suddenly
to-night at Sorrento. The news came as
a great shock to the friends of the Lamonts
here, for, although it was known that Miss
Lamont had been in poor health for some
time, she had of late shown signs of im-
provement, and her complete recovery
was expected

The circumstances attending her death
wore startling. While standing with some
friends in the corridor of the Hotel Sorrento
about noon yesterday she suddenly pitched
forward on her face. "It was at first thought
that it was no more than a fainting fit,
but her failure to regain consciousness
greatly alarmned these who were with her.

She was taken to the Lamont cottage,
which is c’oee by tho hotel. Dr. F. Fremont

Smith on! Dro S Weir Mitchell were called
over fi bar Harbor. They were some-
what in doubt as to the exact nature of

he illness, but finelly diagrosed it as a
stroke resulting from Miss Lamont's long-
co tinued 1 es.

All inv Miss Lamont remained uncon-
scious, Farly this afternoon she improved
somewhat, but at nightfall she had a relapse
and died Mrs. Lamont and the two re-
maining daugliters were with her at the end.
Mr. Lamont arrived to-day in England,
where he had gone in search of health

Miss Lamont was ill in New York all
last winter with spinal meningitis. She
came here about three weeks ago, and the
change seemed to do her good

PRESIDENT BURT ARRESTED.

 

Machinists Brought to Take Strikers’
Places Allege False Imprisonment.
Omana, Neb., Aug. 26.—President Horace

G. Burt of the Union Pacific Kailroad was
arrested to-day on ten warrants sworn out
by as many Indianapolis machinists brought
to Omaha to take the places of striking
workmen in the Union Pacific shops. The
men allege that they were employed to work
at Denver and were told that no atrike was
in progress.

When their train reached Council Bluffs
the doors of the car were locked, a guard
stationed at each end and the car run into
the shopa here. The men were kept in
the shops twenty-four hours, their demands
to be released not being complied with,
Later they were released and immediately
deserted and joined the strikers,

This morning they asked for warrants for
President Burt, charging false imprison-
ment. Mr. Burt drove to the police station
and surrendered. He was released on bail,

CIUDAD BOLIVAR BOMBARDED

 

 

Government Warship Attacks the Town
Held by Insurgente—Many Killed.

WasHINGTON, Aug. 26.--United States
Minister Bowen has cabled the State De-
partment from Caracas, Venezuela, that
a Government warship which recently
arrived at La Guayra reports that for two
days she bombarded Ciudad Bolivar, after
which she withdrew, having exhausted her
ammuntition

Other reports say that many persons
were killed or wounded. British subjects
have asked that a warship be sent for their
protection

 

 

ALICE ROOSEVELT, SKIPPER,

She's Going to Race a Yacht in ea Regatta
at Islesboro To-day,
Istesporo, Me., Aug. 26.—Misa Alice
Roosevelt is to be skipper of a racing yacht
in a regatta here to-morrow, The Presi-
dent's daughter will hold the tiller of the
erack yacht Raider and the other boats
will also be in command of young women.

 

 

POST OFFICE THIEF SHOT.

(lark Surrounded by Armed Guard and
Captured tn a Cornfield.

Lockport, N. Y., Aug. 26.—George Clark,
21 years of age, residing at Rochester,
was seriously wounded in attempting to
escape, after having robbed the post office
at Jeddo last night. Clark and Joseph
Meyer were seen in the post office by Post-
master rare. tle aroused some friends
and waited two hours for the robbers to
leave the place.

When they came out the thieves were
told to throw up their hands. Meyers did
ao, but Clark tried to escape. He was shot
in the back. Clark ran into a cornfield,
and later on surrendered after guards
had surrounded the field. The men had
rifled the post office and the general store
and had considerable booty.

HANNA AND THE BRICKLAYERS

 

 

 

 

Union Men Say Senator Must Join Unton
Before Laying Cornerstone,

CLEVELAND, Aug. 26.—Senator Hanna
has been asked to lay the cornerstone of
the Salvation Army’s new building. The
members of the Bricklayers’ Union say
that he must join their organigation before
he can doit. The “No-Card-No-Work” rule
prevails in Cleveland. The Bricklayers’
Union claims the work of laying cornerstones
as its own, and unless Senator Hanna is
willing to incur the displeasure of the labor
unions, he will have to join the union and
take out a regular working card,

President MeKinley joined the Brick-
lavers' Union in Chicago in 1899 before he
jaid the cornerstone of the new Federal
Building.

 

Union Men Get Shaved at Non-Union Bare
ber Shops.

The Journeyman Barbers’ Local Union
No, 862, Jersey City, recently delegated
a committee of its members to do a little
detective work for the purpose of finding
out if any organized labor men in town
were in the halit of getting shaves in non-
union barber shops,

The slonths reported at a meeting of their
union Monday night that they had caught
eleven members of local labor unions in

the act of being shaved by non-union
barbers, Charges will be preferred agains,
thern,

 

Goy, Jelks Renominated,

BirnminauaM, Ala., Aug. 26.—The re-
turns of Alabama Democratic primaries
held yesterday are yet incomplete, but
they show that Gov, W. D. Jelks is renom-
inated over former Gov. Joseph Johnston
by not less than 18,000 majority. The
new constitution of Alabama, which elim-
inates the bulk of the negro vote, is sus-
tained as far as the Democratic party goes.

 

 

Niagara Falls and Back $9.00
via Lackawanna Railroad, Tickets good, going,
on evening trains of August 20 and all trains
August 90 and 31; good to return to September
2. Round trip to Toronto, $10.50, good to Sep
tember 4.—Ade.

New York Central Special Labor Day Excar-
stons.

Thousand Islands, Niagara Falis, Toronto, Mus
koka Lakes, Adirondacks, Montreal, Quebec, the
Saguenay, and Rideau Lakes, at low rates. for
cireulars call on eket agent, or write MC. Roach,
G. & A, V6 Broadway, New York. --.Ade

 

WEDNFSnAy, Avaver 27, 190.
Partly cloudy; local rains; light winds

PRICE TWO CENTS.
KILLED BY AN AUTOMOBILE,

IT PLUNGED OFF A BRIDGE AND
FELL ON MR. MATHEWS,

His Guest, Mrs. Cobb, Also Killed, and
lier Sister-In-Law and Father Grant
Badly Injured -Auto Became Une
manageabic and Fell Thirty-five Feet.

Lona Brancu, N. J, Aug. 26.—The big
automobile belonging to Frank J. Mathews,
president of the National Realty Company
of Jersey City, in which Mr. Mathews was
takinga party of friends ona day's pleasure
trip along the New Jeraey coast resorts,

became uncontrollable this afternoon
just as Mr. Mathews was trying to take it
across the most dangerous piece of road

in Flberon es the tracks
of the New York and Loug Branch ratlroad
and its way through the frail
iron fence of it made a 85-foot
ioks below

the bridge aer

the bridge,
ilroad ti

instantly killed, and so

plu ge to thes
Mr. Mathews was

was one of his gueats,a Mrs. Kenneth Cobb
of Atlania, Cia Mrs. Cobb's sister-in-law,
Mrs. Louise Pizzine, als f Atlanta, Was

1d njured and may die and the Rev

Fathers in’
tutomobile,

@iso in the

ba
Patrick Grant of the
New York, who was

had a leg broken and is sulfering 60 muca

from shock that it is feared he may not
recover
The only one of the five persons in the

the time ofthe mishap to
escape vninjured was Rudolph Meyer, the
chauffeur. Meyer was not running the
machine at the the aecident occurred,
but was seated in rear. Tle saw the
inevitable result of the awerve the machine
was making when it got beyond Mr. Mat-
hews's control just in time to jump and
save himself. He was the only one of the
party to escape the frightful fall from the
bridge to the railroad tracks

Mr. Mathews lived in a cottage at Deal
Beach, and Mrs. Cobb and Mrs. Pizzhe
had been spending summer at the
Hotel Columbia at Asbury Park, Father
Grant, who has been a sufferer from ner-
vous prostration, has been stopping at the
Hathaway Inn at Deal.

Mr. Mathews was not an experienced
automobilist, but he was an enthustastio
one, and he had made a careful study of
the machine which came to grief yesterday,

He thought that he was competent to
handle it. He purchased the machine about
a week ago, paying $9,000 for it, and hired
Meyer, who is an experienced chauffeur,
to operate it for him. On good roads Mr.
Mathews was in the habit of running the
machine himself, always, however, under
the watchful eye of Meyer

Yesterday's pleasure trip was planned
by Mr. Mathews several days ago. The
party left the Hathaway Inn in the morn-
ing and virited a number of places, Mr.
Mathews's guests wanted to see Long
Branch and the surrounding country, and
it had been planned to spend some time
in’ Elberon.

Automobilista are always very care-
ful how they handle their machines when
they oross the bridge over the railroad
because of ‘ws height and the fact that
the irea fence is iittle or no protection
where a heavy vehicle is concerned,

Just before mounting the de at the
approach to the bridge vehiclea have to
pass across the tracks of the Atlantic Coast
uolley line, Mr. Mathews took his party
safely across these tracks, but just beyond
them his machine began to ewerve slightly.

He was going slow at'the time, but
the mistake of trying to straighten out the
machine again without first bringing tt
to a stop.

William H, Havens, a gardener, of Bath
avenue, Was coming across the bridge in
the opposite direction and he noticed that
the automobile was swerving,

He tried to get out of the way, but eud-
denly the machine took a leap forward,
its speed increased, and before he could get
out of the way it struck him and he was
thrown with great force to the ground.
No bones were broken and he was able to
get up as soon as he got his wind,

Meanwhile the autornobile, ite speed
apparently increasing every second, went
swerving wildly along until ft was almost
in the centre of the bridge. There it took
a sudden turn to the right, and in sight of a
soore of horrified people it shot into the
fence, crushed it like paper, and went over,
making almost a complete turn before
reaching the ground, thirty-five feet below.

The weight of the whole machine, about
two tons, fell on Mr. Mathews, and he was
killed instantly. Every bone in his body
was broken and he was badly mangled.

Mrs. Cobb was also caught in the oe
machine and was frightfully torn a
bruised. She died before a physician
could get to her

Mrs. Pizzine was thrown from the auto-
mobile while it was turning over in the alr
and so was Father Grant. This fact naved
their lives, for the automobile did not fall
on them aa it did on the others, and they
had only the results of the thirty-five-foot
plunge to reckon with.

Meyer, the professional driver, followed
by a soore of people, rushed down to the
railroad tracks and the wreck of the big
machine was pulled from Mr. Mathews,
A Central railroad train came along a few
minutes later, stopped when flagged, and
took both dead and injured aboard,

Mrs, Cobb and Mrs. Pizzine were taken
to the Monmouth Memorial Hospital, Mr,
Mathews's body was sent to the morgue,
Father Grant was taken to his room at the
Hathaway Inn, where he was attended by
Dr. J. H. Bryan

Father Grant was getting over his at-
tack of nervous prostration, but it was
feared to-night that the accident might
bring the trouble back if he recovers from
his injuries,

Neither Driver Meyer nor any of thore
who saw the accident is able to-night to
five any explanation of it, Whether the
ault was with the steering gear or with
some other part of the mechanism, or
whether it was in the inexperience of Mr.
Mathews, cannot be told

Mrs. Pizzine is unconscious to-night
and as Father Grant's physician will not
let him talk, the versions of these two eur-
vivors have not been told yet.

Mrs. Pizzine’s husband is on his way to
New York on an Old Dominion steamer
to-night and will know nothing of the acct-
dent until to-morrow, Mrs, Pizzine doesn't
know to-night that her sister-in-law is
dead

Ricumonp, Va., Aug. 26.—Mrs. Marie
Cobb was the wife of Kenneth Cobb, a
well-known business man of Norfolk, who
recently moved to Atlanta, She waa a
daughter of Capt, Andrew Pizzine of this
city, and leaves one child, @ boy 7 years old,
Kenneth Cobb, dr.

Mrs. Cobb was one of the beauties of
Richmond and her death will cause wide-
spread sorrow.

Mrs. Pizzine is the wife of W. B. Pigzine,
Jr., a prominent real estate agent of Kich-
mond and brother of Mra, Cobb, Mra,

automobile at

tithe

the

the

Spectal Trains, Sept. 1 and 2,
via Lackawanna HRallroad, leaving Tobyhanna
645 P.M. Sept. 1, and $45 A. M., Sept. 2, —
at Mount Pocono, Delaware Water Gap an all
resorts in Pocono Mountains, No stop between
the Gap and New York. Ade
Pocono Mountain Special

will leave New York Friday and Saturday at? P. M.,
via Lackawanna Hallroad for Delaware Water
Gap, Mount Pocono and all resorts tn Pooono Moun -
tains. Spectal trains returning Labor Day aight
and folowing morning —Ade

 

Manhanset House, Shelter Iddaad.
Open uatil Sept. 15 or later, Ex rolr,
8 holes. September most delightful.—Ad@e.

|

ete

_e-

a

rn

I ae

ne Reni

i a

ee ee

=

Sete cee a ad

aS