>a

 

 
 
  
    
  
 
 

WEATHER FORECAST,

Fair and continued cold to-day and to-
morrow; fresh west winds,

Highest temperature yesterday owest,
oheet weather seis os WY, SEs lowes *5

 

 

—_—_—_—_—_—_
VOL. LXXXVII.—NO. 106,

—_———— eee

 

+444

    

 

 

 

 

NEW YORK, MON

 

 

 

 

—_—

DAY, DECEMBER 15,

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

1919,— Copyright, 1919, by the Bun Printing and Publishing Association,

 

 

IT SHINES FOR, ALL

 

PRICE TWO CENTS, ,

 

WILSON REITERATES DEMAND FOR AN UNRESERVED TREATY;

INSISTS LEAGUE COVENANT BE RATIFIED WITHOUT CHANGE; |

BORAH SAYS VICIOUS INFLUENCES ARE BEHIND PARIS DRAFT

BATTLE ADVISES ‘BUDDY’ BLAKE
OUSTING OF TWO |FOUND DROWNED;
FOOD OFFICIALS) MOTHER 1S HELD

Tells Gov. Smith Porter and| Warrant Charges Murder,

 

1.8. STRIKESIN
1919 COST LABOR
$723,478,300

In Same Time Industry’s
Money Loss Totalled
$1,266,357,450.

 

EVERY STATE SUFFERED

 

Communities in Which I. W.
W. and Other Radicals Are
Active Hit Hardest.

 

Since January 1 this year strikes
in this country have cost labor just
avout $723,478,300. Meanwhile, and
incidentally, capital was suffering a
lose of approximately $1,266,357,450.

Tux Sun has made this calculation
from unofficial figures obtained from
several Statcs. Where States have
kept tables and statistics upon indus-
tral conditions figures were obtained
from those official files. In other in-
stances, where there were no official
tabulations, recourse was had to pri-
vate files and to the figures kept by
labor organizations and such repre-
sentative bodice as chambers of com-
merce and the like.

It is noticeable that in those indus-
trial centres where the I. W. W., the
communists and similarly miltant radi-
cals flourish the figures are great. New
York, Pennsylvania, IUiiois, Ohio,
Washington and West Virginia lead in
losses to both workers and employers
The stcel and coal strikes swelled the
totals in Pennsylvania, Illinois, Ohio
and West Virginia, The I. W. W.
activitics in Washington State, where
not only the great shipyards tur erery
industry felt the pressure of the Reds,
are responsible for the disproportion-
ate figures from the Pacific coast
Commonwwealihs,

contribute to her great losses.
New York the Reds were not so ac-
tive openly, nor are the loases to both

sides attributable to the radical leaders!

so directly. Eacluding New York, the
Fast has not suffered so much as the
middle West, whtch would appear
from reports to be the great brooder
of radicalism in Labor.

 

NEW YORK.
Special Despatch to Tut Sox.

ALBANY, Dec. 14.—Almost $100,000,-
090 in wages was lost to workers in
New York State who struck at one
time or another during 1919, according
to officials of the State Labor Depart-
ment. In part this is somewhat of a
guess, for there is no law compelling
any one to furnish Information concern-
ing a strike to the Industrial Commis-
sion or {ts bureau of mediation and
arbitration, but the State’s official fis-
ures for this year up to December 10
show 278 strikes, of which forty-three
are still on, with a loss of 8,193,125
working days. The total loss to indus-
tries of the State is estimated at $300,-
000,000.

Tt is not believed that much more
than 60 per cent. of the strikes that’
were called in New York State are in-
cluded in the Industrial Commission's
figures, Interstate disputes, such as the
recent Jongshoremen’s strike in. New
York, are not Included at all.

Under the State laws the bureau of
mediation would hava no real knowl-
edge of a strike situation if neither
side asked the State Department to send
its arbitrators in an effort to settle the
dispute. An effort is made to keep in
touch with all strikes through news-
papers In all parts of the State, but
it Is admitted that the system is in-
complete because there is no require-
ment for any one to report a strike,
its duration, terms of settlement, time
lost, &c, There is no means whatever,
even in strikes which have been handled
by the bureau of mediation, to de-
termine the loss in production, elther by
unit or value of the product.

In the month of October alone there
were about 50,000 men on strike in
New York State. The largest disputes
were the plano workers in New York
city, §,000 employees involved; the New
York laundry workers, 15,000 employ-
ces; New York printers and pressmen,
estimated 8,000 to 12,000 persons af-
fected; Utica textile workers, 2,400 on
strike, and the Beacon hatters, 2,000
employees,

One of the bfggest strikes in the
State was between May 26 and August
13, when 4,000 workers of the Rome
brass factories and copper mills were
on strike. It was estimated that their
Wage loss alone- was about $1,000,000.

Figures of the board of mediation
show 103 strikes, that are on their
records between January 1 and July
1 this year, and 176 from July 1 to
the present time, a total of 278 strikes.
In spite of the larger number of strikes
in the last six months the time Jost
in the first half of the year was much
Ereater, being 6,649,990 working days
for that period, as against 1,543,226
working days lost since July 1. Time
lost in the forty-three strikes still pend-
ing is not counted In.

VERMONT.
Special Despatch to Tus Sen.
Mowrpe.tsr, Vt. Dec. 14.—J. 8. But-
ties, Commissioner of Industries for Ver+
mont, reporta that there have been
few strikes of any duration In the

vit Continued on Fifth Page.

Liberty , 81,
can be bought and sold Instantly.
John Muir & Co,, 61 Broadway.—Adv.

 

$1,000—

  

for THE SUN follow:

   
 
 
   
 
  
 
 
 
 
   

   
   
          

HAYES NAMES
PRAYER WEEK

Archbishop Urges Special De-
yotion to Restore Order
in World.

REQUEST IS

 

Urges Faithful to
Heaven” With Pleas for
Industrial Peace.

 

For the first time in the memory of
the Catholics of New York a solemn
week of public prayer was prescribed
by the Archbishop yesterday. Its ob-
ject is to “storm heaven,” as Arch-
bishop Hayes puts It, with the plead-
ings of the faithful for industrial and
pol'tical order, The unprecedented na-
ture of the Archbishop's pastoral, its
wide scope and its forceful terms
created extensive comment in Catholic
circles after it had been read at all
the masses in the archdiocese yester-
dav.

the triumphant for responsible author-
ity with compelling power.”

said, is prayer, pennance and the ut-
most care on the part of each indi-
vidual that he or she build in order
anc not add to the general ruin. He
acvordingly instructed every priest in
the diocese to say special masses and
special prayers and prescribe the bene-
diction of the Blessed Sacrament in
every parish church each night of the
coming week. ‘he faithful are urged
to unite in these devotions in the
lurgest possible numbers. Special ser-
vices will be arranged for the children.

The Catholic Church in this country
has already united on a definite pro-
gramme of social reconstruction, but
Archbishop Hayes says that the coming
week bears not on any programme but
on the whole problem as involved in each
individal. All are required to seek the
supernatural aid of God through the
Holy Family and the Carpenter of Naza-
lreth, St. Joseph, whose example of indus-
trial worth both employer and employee
are urged to emulate.

Tho week is the Ember Week of Ad-
vent, the four weeks penitential prepara-
tion for Christmas,

Archbishop Hayes’s letter said:

“Now is the acceptable time, when
every man, woman and child should be-
come a real servant of God by work-

| ing for the peace that Christ alone can

give. It was permitted to,only a few
millions of our boys to figh: in the wars
and win military victory. The other
one hundred millions who remain at
home must face‘the solemn and urgent
duty of becoming reapers ind glevners
for law and order.

“Let every one see to it that no
selfish advantage be iaken of the mo-
ment to the harm of the common good.
The entire nation must be stirred again
to lofty purpose and high endeavor by a
similar spirit of sacrifice in a marvel-
lous and inspiring concord of unity that
swept over our land and dominated the
American people. Over the fields of
war's awful destruction each one should
move with a holy motive of upbuilding
and of not adding to the ruin, What-
ever of good may remain let it be
gathered into sheaves of benediction,
and whatever of evil be cast into the
oven to burn.”

‘Then, reminding the faithful of the
power of prayer, he calls upon them “to
storm heaven with your pleadings and
groanings.”

“Recourse must be had by us to
violence,” he says, “the violence of
prayer and’ penance. Nothing else can
go complttly overcome the violence of
lawless revolt and blind passion.”

GRIFFITH PARTY IS
SAFE AT NASSAU

Radio Tells of Arrival of
Yacht Grey Duck.

Special Despatch to Tum Scx.

MraM!, Fla., Dec. 14.—David Wark
Grifith, the motion picture producer,
and a party of thirty-six, composed
largely of members of his company, ar-
rived late to-day at Nassau, Bahama
Islands, on the yacht Grey Duck, dc-
cording to a radio message received at
midnight by the Mlami Herald from
Nassau. The yacht left here Wednes-
day. The journey ordinarily takes less
than a day, and concern was -elt for
the safety of the party on board because
gales have prevailed and the yacht was
believed to carry provisions sufficient
for only one day.

Griffith took his company to Bahamas
to take the final scenes tn a pict re
on which he nas deen working at Miami
for several months.

 

 

 

Aes

 

Heavy Losses to Labor and Industry
Through Numerous Strikes in U. S. in 1919

UNOFFICIAL estimates of the losses to Jabor through strikes and
the losses to industry from the same source in 1919 as compiled

 

‘sine Wages. ba try etates % o Industry.
Denenreseres , bsetweeeeneeee . HUY
epee ; “ot ges nog ie New Fanp ' negligible nesligibie
California  p4'422'400 75,000,000 |New Moxico.. * sestiatble negitgible
Colorado ...+6 2,860,000 8,000,000 | New York ...... 100,000, 000,000
poenesiiows ee 10,000,000 60,000,000 | North Carolina, negligible negligible
elaware ... 2,000,000 8,000,000 | North Dakota.. negligible voegligible
2,800,000 7,500,000 HO” pentseces 40,000,000 00,000,
renee _¢'300000 | Oregon, 12°000,000 40,000,000
90,000,000 176,000,000 | Pennaylvani| 110,000,000 218,000,000
5,900,000 100,000,000 | Rhode Island negligible negligible
2,500,000 7,500,009 | South Carolin negligible negligible
2,000,000 6,500,000 | South Dakota negligible vegies
5,000,000 21,000,000 | Tennessee 2,000,000 600,000
a oe "ee Bigs
7a BU | Viren cc, ann a
7,275, 25,000, oo 1 090), 900, |
bien Home | Wenge ns te Hee ge
. 10,000,000 15,000,000 000, 000,
Minstssipp! 10,000 60,000 | Wisconsin . 16,000,000 60,000,000
Migsourl ... * 9,450,000 15,000,000 yoming ... negligible negligible
Montana . see 2,000,000 10,000,000 pensennrretee
Nebraska oe.eseeesees 350,000 1,850,000 | Totals ..sscseeveeee $1,266,857, 450

UNIQUE|/ QUIZ MANY WORKERS

“Storm! Money Obtained Through Pa-

“The world-still reels from its war; movements of secret service men whe

New York's multitude of interests | madness,” he wrote. “Men are looking} have been getting sample signatures
In| tn vain to the seats of the mighty and|and handwriting from hosts of em-

he only recourse, Archbishop Hayes!

———
ee

  
 
     
        

  

           
   
    

FRAUD FOUND IN
NAVALBUREAU

Detectves Trying to Uncover
Swindle in Employees’
Pay Checks.

 

pers Calling for Bonus
Payments.

 

Bpecial Despatch to Tue Svx,

WASHINGTON, Dec, 15.—Severa! se-
cret agencies of the Government are
at work endeavoring to uncover the
culprits in a big scandal in the Navy
bonus pay for employees. The extent
of the Government's loss and the mis-
application of funds is not yet known.
- The whole matter is being kept
quict in the hope that the guilty per-
son or persons will be trapped before
the scandal gets noised abroad, but
already there is considerable talk in
the department as a result of the

a
$$

ployees there.

At first employees thought this was
come new wrinkle in the constant stream
ef questionnaires and other papers that
every Government worker has to turn In
nowadays, but young men and women
were made nervous when {t became
known that the secret service men
were after persons in the department
who had perpetrated a wholesale fraud
against the Government.

Navy intelligence officers as well as;
secret service.men are working upon|
the case. They are checking sample
nandwritings against forged papers call-
ing for bonus payments. Handwriting |
experts have been called in and some
of the best of the Government sleuths
are on the case.

So far as can be learned no arrests
are in prospect. The Government ne |
have a number of clues and apparently
are werking on the theory that it was}
an “inside job.”

TRANSPORT DE KALB
ON FIRE IN RIVER,

Ablaze From Stem to Stern
and More Aid Called.

One of three army transports lying in
the North River, a half mile north of
Spuyten Duyvil, had been on fire for
three hours at 1 o’clock this morning.

Two of the transports are the Graf
Waldersee and the DeKalb, formerly
German ships that brought thousands
of soldiers from France. They are hay-
{ng of] burning engines instailed,

They lie a- half mile off shore. Their
outlines could be seen dimly in the dark- }
ness of a moonless night nnd smoke was
issuing from one near the stern. An
odor of burning paint carried ashore.

An officer came ashore at 11 o'clock
last night and reported the fire to Police
Headquarters from the Spuyten Duyvil
station of the New York Central. The
fireboat Duane was sent froin Thirty-
fifth street and the North River.

Two firemen came ashore at 1 o'clock
this morning and sent a call to Fire
Headquarters by telephone for more ap-
paratus. Fire Headquarters received a
report that the De Kalb was afire from
bow to stern.

But a small crew was aboard either
transport, it was learned at the Port of
Debarkation.

Dr, Lee De Forest, who lives in Riv-
erdale, telephoned to Fire Headquarters

 

 

 

at 2 o'clock this morning that flames
had broken through the transport's decks
from stem to atern. He said he was
positive that the boat on fire was the
Graf Waldersee. The fireboat Willett
was sent on a call for more aid.

 

PALACE OF COMPIEGNE BURNS.

Bedroom of Louis XV. and Council
Reom Destroyed.

Paris, Dec, 14.—Fire badly damaged
portions of the castle at Compeigne to-
day. The bedroom of the former Em-
peror and the council room, both of
which were unfurnished, were destroyed,
as also were a few plecer of art. The
brary was not damaged. The damage
is estimated at 2,000,000 francs. j

 

 

The palace of Compeigne ts one of the
finest of the old royal seats in France.
It was built during the reign of Louis
XV. and was richly furnished and dec-
orated.

 

 

Boy, 12, Reprimanded, a Suicide,

SCRANTON, Pa., Dec. 14.—Angered
after he had been reprimanded by his
mother for falling to obey her instruc-
tions to go to the store, Harry Jenny,
aged 12, son of George J. Jenny, ended
his life to-day by stabbing himself with
a butcher knife,

  

 

Wilson Are Inept and
Better Out of Office.

URGES MILK COMMISSION

 

Farms and Markets Regime
Raked for Not Making Any
Real Achievements.

 

George Gordon Battle's final report
to Gov. Smith upon his investigations
into the Department of Farms and
Markets and all its tangent bureaus
was made public yesterday. Among
the most important of Mr. Battle's
findings and recommendations are:

The removal of Dr. Eugene H.
Porter, Commissioner of the Divistoh

of Foods and Markets,
The removal of Charles 8. Wilson,

Commissioner of the Division of Ag-

riculture.
The creation of a State Milk Com-

mission, which will have full powers
to regulate the milk supply of the
State and determine upon fair prices
for the producers and the consumers

of milk.
The codification of all laws relating

to food and food products.

That the legal work of both the
Department of Agriculture and the
Department of Markets and Storage
be placed under the direct supervision
of the Attorney-General’s office.

That the Dairymen’s League, of
which Dr. Porter is a member and a
county president, plans the accom-
plishment of an absolute monopoly of
control over all the milk produced in
New York State, whether for manu-

iacturing or fluid purposes.

Against neither Commissioner Po:tet
not Commissioner Wilson does Mr. Bat-
tle prefer any charges that can be ds
ignated properly as “seneation’l,” but fe
accuses both of ineptitude in the admin
istration of their departmental affairs.

Dr. Porter's Work Criticised.

Of Dr. Porter, who, like Mr. Wilson,
enjoys a yearly salary of $8,000, Mr.
Battle has this to say:

“Under the influence of the Dalry-
men's League it has become the practice
of the Bureau of Licenses during Dr.
Porter’s term of office, to excmpt from
the requirement of a surety bond in not
lesa than $5,000, any person or firm buy-
ing milk, that has already given @ bond
to the Dairymen’s League and a lst is
kept of such Dairymen’s League bonds
so that comparisons may be riade in
the bureau in order to ascertain which
licenses have and which have not given
a bond to the Dairymen's League.

“It is evident that this is an improper
proceeding, even though it may bo tecn-
nically lawful under the dissretlonary
powers of the Commissionr,
State’s requirement of a surety bond or
cash is a very different requirement
from that of the Dairymen’s League con-
tract which often amounts only to an 1n-
dividual bond and justifying affidavit.

“It ig true that Dr. Porter is no longer
a director of the Dairymen’s League, but
he ig still a member and county pres:
dent. His action therefore tn perm.t-
ting the exemption from the .tatutory
bonding requirement of mill buyers who
have entered into a financial contract
with the Dairymen's League and have
satisfied that corporation with a personal
bond, partakes of a display of favoritism
in the administration of the law tnat
amounts in the individual instances
practically to a nuliffication of the low
and of the protection which the S‘ate
seeks to give the producer of mill.

“Dr, Porter's activities in behalf of
the Dairymen’s League since he har
been holding his present office, have been
numerous and important. He has per-
formed organization work for the leag ie,
has made speeches In its behalf, has re-
ceived pay and expenses for his serv ces
in this conection and has givan the in-
fluence and prestige of his position as
Commissioner of Foods and Markets to
further a plan now being developed by
the Dairymen’s League for a far more
comprehensive combination of the inilk
producers of the State, than has existed
before.

“Tt am convinced that the Interests o
the people of the State would be hest
served by the removal of Dr. Portur.
Under hia guidance, the Division of
Foods and Markets has shown iiile if
any, real achievement. The activities of
this branch of the department aave been

*

 

 

Continued on Sicth Page.

Call Worth 10,000
for

“The Sun”

The offices of THE

SUN are now at the new

headquarters, 280 Broad-

way. _ The telephone
number is Worth 10,000.
The EVENING SUN is
also at 280 Broadway.
Telephone number
Worth 10,000.

The|

 

 

but She Is Sent to
Hospital.

HER SANITY DOUBTED

 

One Theory Is Woman
Thought Child Cost Her
Husband’s Love.

 

Spectal Deapatch to Tar Sox,

Amuantic Crry, Dec, 14.—Samuel
Blair, who lives on Essex avenue,
Ventnor City, saw a small, huddled
body lying on the beach near New
Haven avenue this morning and in-
vestigated. He found the body of
James M. Blake, Jr., the six-year-old
boy who, according to the story his
mother told the police Friday night,
had been snatched from her side by
two big negroes in soldiers’ uniforms.

Blair called the police. They took
the body to County Physician Lewis
Souder for examination and then went
around to 231 Oriental avenue, Vent-
nor, where the dead boy's mother lives,
and told her she was under arrest.
Dr. Souder found no marks of violence
upon the body. He says there’s no
evidence that “Buddy” Blake was
killed, or even struck or otherwise
maltreated, before he fell or was
thrown into the water. It is a clear
case of drowning.

But Chief of Police Sprague pro-
cured a warrant charging the mother
with murdering the lad and told why
he belleved her guilty. The police
read the warrant to her, omitting
nothing. The woman listened dully
and arose and extended her hands as
though she expected handcuffs.

Instead of a patrol wagon there was
an ambulance at the door, and Mrs.
Blake was taken to the City Hospital.
She is in no condition to be taken to
prison nor to a court,

Says Boy Parted Parents,
The Coroner let tt be known ths po-

Blake had a premonition of impending political strategy,

disaster,
It is further claimed by the poltce that

be had learned that not long ago Mra.

last night while they were talking to!

her she sald:

 

 

D’Annunzio to Hand
Over Fiume Control

By the Associated Press,
14. — Gabriele

JIUME, Dec,

D’Anaunzio will hand over
command of the city of Fiume
to regular troops under Gen.
Caviglia, former Minister of War.

 

AUSTRIA T0 GIVE
ART FOR FOOD

Gallery Treasures as Security
for Supplies From.
Allies.

APPRAISAL IS DIFFICULT

 

 

Some Priceless, Says Louvre
Chief—Experts Go to
Vienna.

 

Special Cable Despatch to Te Son.
Copyright, 1919, all rights reserved.

Paris, Dec. 14.—The art treasures of
Austria, like the famous Mona Lisa
and other paintings and sculpture
brought to France by Napoleon, will
be taken as security by the Allies in
exchange for food and coa!, which are
to be sent at once to the famished re-
public. It was decided yesterday to
send an interallied commission com-
posed of art experts to value the fine
works of art in the Vienna museums
and art galleries, although authorities
like M. Koechlin of the Louvre mu-
seum, who is to head the French dele-
gation, believe it will be practically im-
possible to value some of the paint-
ings because they are virtually price-
less.

Chancellor Renner Is here awaiting
the return of Premier Clemenceau from
London to discuss the chief outlines of
a@ project for assisting Austria, Mean-
while economic experts of the Allies and
of Austria are working fast to complete
the details of the report which the two
Premiers are to discuss.

Under the influence of favorable news-
paper articles, public opinion here, which
ordinarily is hostile to anything that
is “Boche,” has come to regard ald to
a former enemy empire as a piece of
having for its ob-
ject to bring home to the Austrian
people that they have been vanquished
and thus to pay them for their com-
plicity with Germany. Also the Allies

“If Buddy had heen placed in a hos-} desire to prevent the Austrian state

pital when he was a year old or was
in an institution now the barrier that
keeps me and my husband separated
would not exist. We'd have been to-
gether again.”

The death of “Buddy” Blake was but
the climax of his tragic little life. He
was practically dumb. His vocabulary
consisted of but three words—"yes,”
“no” and “mother.” Otherwise he was
quite normal. For nearly two years
“Buddy” Blake's parents have been es-
tranged. For a year they have both
lived down here in Ventnor City—within
100 yards of each other, but under sep-
arate roofs and each apparently obliv-
jfous of the existence of the other.

And Buddy upon whom, the police
‘gay, the mother placed the responsibil-
ty for her anguish, could not ask why.

Mr. Blake is inclined to the general im-
pression that his wife is mentally un-
sound or, if she is guilty of pushing the
boy into the ocean, was so at that mo-
ment,

The woman wouldn't talk to-day. In-
; deed she seems not to appreciate the

was vehement in her insistence that her
son had been kidnapped.

 

Kidnapped, She Insists.

“T swear before God,” she dramatl-
cally cried to the police, “that my boy
| was taken from me by those men. If I
knew that I would go to the electric
chair the next minute—if I saw it there
in front of me—I'd say the same thing.
My answer would be the same.

“Doctor,” she moaned, apea
Dr. William Fox,
was present, “these men accuse me 0
killing Buddy. Tell them, doctor!
Didn't I come to your office with Buddy
to ask you about him; you know, his
speech and all?”

“Mra, Blake,” replied the doctor, “I
was under the impression that you had
come to me about yourself.”

The police declare that in Mrs. Blake's
handbag, found near the Ventnor fishing
pler, not far from where Samuel Blair
saw the small body, they discovered the
prescription that Dr. Fox had given
Mrs. Blake,

The police declare that there are sey-
eral incidents In Mrs. Blake's life that

| {ndicate that not always is she respon-
sible for her actions. They say that
three years ago while living with her
husband in Ventnor Mrs, Bluke ran Into
her home crying that Buddy had been
stolen from her. But a few hourg later
Buddy’s go-cart was found on Atlantic
| avenue and Buddy himself in the home
of a friend.

Dr, Thomas Youngman, who attended
Mrs, Blake Friday night after her hys-
teritcal wail that Buddy had been kid-
napped, says that she was under the in-
fluence of a powerful medicine when he
saw her. She is now in a ward In the
City Hospital with a nurse in constant
attendance. The hospital physicians
say that she has suffered a complete
nervous breakdown.

SEVERAL RULINGS DUE TO-DAY

* WasitINGTON, Dec, 14.—The Supreme
Court will hand down decisions in a
!number of cases to-morrow, but there
| was no information to-night as to
whether an opinion on the constitution-
ality of the war time prohibition act
and the Volstead law for the act’s en-
forcement would be included.

Appeals involving the legality of the
manufacture of 2.75 per cent. beer under
the war time act also are awaiting
decision. arguments having been heard
last week, =

 

| Lonnon,
istricken Muropean countries who reside
jin the United States will soon be able

charge against her. But last night she |

\
i

her physician, who the imposition of
t| transport the supplies from the docks

|

| from becoming a breeding ground for

Bolshevist agitators and thus avoid be-
ing forced to retract the veto of the

PREMIERS WILL
UERY WILSON
TOGET ACTION

“What Are You Going to
Do?” Lloyd George and
“Tiger” Will Ask.

TREATY DELAY A PERIL

 

 

Britain and France Take Up
Burden of Rehabilitating
Europe.

 

    
  
      
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
      

  

Marshal Foch Will

Remain in Control

 

  

ARIS, Dec. 14.—Before the of-

ficial statements have been
issued regarding the London con-
ferences it is possible to give the
following idea of certain agree-
ments that were reached.

A French loan of five or six
billion francs placed in England,
it is understood, would be ac-
cepted.

An interallied military organi-
zation, assuring execution of the
treaty and having under consid-
eration measures which Ger-
many’s possible attitude in the
future might compel, has been
maintained, with Marshal Foch in
control.

Absolute reserve is maintained
on the situation created by delay
in American ratification of the
treaty.

The acccrd between London
and Paris, it is declared, remains
absolute.

&pecial Cable Despatch to Tam Sun.
Copyright, 1919, all rights reserved.

Lonpon, Dec. 14.—“What are you
going to do about it?’ This question
in more, elegant language and with the
elaborate politeness of diplomacy will
bé put to the United States Govern-
ment. The decision to put this inter-
rogatory to President Wilson was ar-
rived at by Premiers Lloyd George
and Clemenceau in their conference
here after they had heard what Am-

awash Davis had to say.

It is understood on good authority
that the British and French Prg@niers
gave the most careful consideration to

treaty of St. Germain on the union of | this matter, and they came to the de-

Austria and Germany.

RELIEF FOR EUROPE

 

IN NEW FOOD PLAN |

Five Governments Approve |

 

U. S. Board’s Project.

Dec.

 

14. — Nationals of

to supply their relatives and friends
with food at reasonable prices through
a plan that has been evolved by the
American Rellef Administration, Under
the same plan persons living in those
countries and possessing the necessary
funds may purchase essential foods,
which in some countries are extremely
difficult to obtain. The plan already
hag the indorsements of the Govern-
ments at Vienna, Warsaw, Prague and

}order that

cision that the United States Govern-
ment must make known its intentions
one way or the other with regard to
the ratification of the treaty of Ver-
sajiles, Jt will be pointed out that it
is most undesirable that peace should
be held up indefinitely, since Furope
awaits the ratification of the treaty in
{t may put its several
houses in order. Unless peace is defl-
nitely and speedily established many
States may touch bankruptcy.

The general trend of opinion on this
side is that the rehabilitation of Europe
is more important than the exigencies
of Amerioan political warfare. The
French and British Governments, there-
fore, hope that the distress of Europe
will not be overlooked in the dust of

| controversy.

Willing to Make Concessions.
Tho French and British Governments,

Budapest, while the acquiescence of the! it is understood also, do not maintain a
German Government is -xpected shortly, | stiff necked attitude with regard to the

{t is declared.

The relief Administration has organ-
ized the “American Relief Warehouse
| Corporation,” which will undertake to
send at the outset about $5,000,000 worth
of foodstuffs to the fivé countries men-
tloned. The Governments which wiil

ling to| benefit by the plan have agreed to forego

import dutles and to

| where they are delivered to warehouses
{which the Governments will provide.
They have also agreed not to requisition
the supplies under any contingency. The
foodstuffs will be sold on the dollar
basis at figures which will net the cor-
poration a profit. All the profits will be
i used for extending the present child re-
lief activities of the administration in
the countries in which the profits accrue.
In detail the plan provides that a
person in the United States may go to
the financial representatives of the cor-
| poration, which may be the Amrican
Bankers Association, with which negotia-
tions are proceeding, and pay in an
| amount for the purchase of a food war-
rant for a designated person abroad.
By a carefully guarded system the war-
rant will be entitled to the stipulated
amount of food from the foreign ware-
house. Such supplies will in no way
interfere with the rations the recipient
may be entitled to recetve through his
Government's rationing plan.

PRESIDENT ENJOYS
ANOTHER STROLL

Walks About the White
House for Five Minutes.

 

 

 

 

dressed himself and strolled practically
unaided to the soutN portico for his
usual airing. He was out for an hour
or more on the portico overlooking
Potomac Park and the river,

It may be several days, however, be-
fore Mr. Wilson will be permitted to
leave the White House grounds for an
automobile ride. H is uot strong enough
to move about freely fithout assistance,
though he was on his feet for five
minutes or more to-day.

| Republican opponents of the treaty.

 

I¢

any concessions not vital to the treaty
are desired by the
means will be found to satisfy the legitl-

mate desires of Americans.

The conferences in Downing Street
last week, perhaps the most important
in the history of Great Britain, are re-
garded here as the real peace confer-
ence, as more was accomplished in three
days than throughout the protracted and
unfruitful wrangles of the meetings in
Paris) The lack of policy and of control
which arose out of the Paris confer-
ence had gradually made itself felt in
economic form. All the recent belliger-
ents on the continent of Europe were
suffering in a greater or less degree.
Southeastern Europe and Austria, in
particular, were in a state of chaos, for
their claims no longer were heeded, The
meetings in London served the highly
\important purpose of gathering up In
firm hands of the loose ends of these all
!

 

important threads.

While at one time it was hoped that
the German reply to the last note of the
Allies would be received while Premier
Clemenceau still was in London, the
Germans skilfully manmuvred to avoid
this and so again delay the beginning of
actual peace. However, all great mat-
ters arising out of the ratification of the
peace treaty are in solution now by the
new Council of Premiers, the creation
of which has been accompanied by the
continuance of the Interallled Military
Council under the presidency of Marshal
Foch.

Other General Resalts,

The other general results of the
Downing Street conferences fall natu-
} rally under the following four heads:

4. France. Great Britain and France

Special Despatch to Tae Sex, jare prepared now to face jointly the
WasHINaTON, Dec. 14.—President Wil-| situation created by the failure of the;
son was up and walking about the] United States to ratify the peace treaty.
White House to-day. The Executive] The attitude of the British Government

in regard to the supply of coal and the
rate of exchange ts such as to create a
!most hopeful spirit among the French
representatives. The question of an
agreement between the two Governments
and of groups of British and French
financiers for opening large commercial
credits and to facilitate the industrial:
reconstruction of France was discussed,
as were also suggestions put forward

Continued on Second Page.

Republicans chara
reems to be no doubt that wcys and
|

 

White House Statement
Says President Will Not
Seek Compromise,

ISSUE LEFT TO SENATE

Brandegee Replies That
Body Has Disposed of
Question Definitely.

 

 

WOULD DECLARE PEACE

Borah Charges Banking Inter-
ests With Attempt to Con-
trol Political Parties.

 

Special Despatch to Tum Sun,

Wasuinaton, Dec. 14.—President
Wilson, according to a statement given’
out at the White House to-night, in-
tends to stand pat on his demand for
ratification of the peace treaty and the
league covenant without changa oF
compromise of any kind.

The statement was approved by
the President it is certain, but it
speaks of him in the third person em-
tirely and 1s not signed by Secretary
Tumulty or anybody else. It is
couched in these words:

It was learned from the highest
authority at the Executive of-
fices to-day that the hope of the
Republican leaders of the Senate
that the President would presently
make some move which will relieve
the situation with regard to the
treaty is entirely without founda-
tion. He has no compromise or
concession of any kind in mind, but
intends, 6o far as he is concerned,
that the Republican leaders of the
Senate shall continue to bear the
undivided responsibility for the
fate of the treaty and the present
condition of the world in conse
quence of that fate.

Path to Peace Still Open.

The purpose of the statement, im
the opinion of Republican Senators, is
not by any means to announce to the
world that there will be no compro-
mise by the President—the attitude
which caused rejection of the treaty
j by the Senate—but to try to put upon
Republican shoufders the responsl-
bility for formal peace not having
been accomplished yet.

It was pointed out to-night that
more than one path to peace has been
open to the President for some time
if he chose to take any one of them
instead of trying to carry his League
of Nations project through as a part
of the programme. Republicans in the
Senate are perfectly willing to let the
issue lie as the President or some one
writing for him at the White House
has drawn it. With the Lodge and
Knox reservations for ratification of
peace before the Senate and with even
the league, stripped of its greatest dan-
gers by the reservations, ready for fa-
vorable action at the hands of the
Senate whenever the President says
the word, the Senate majority is will-
ing that the people of the country de-
cide where the “undivided responsibil-
ity” for the treaty and all of its con-
sequences rests,

Brandegee Makes Reply.

The attitude of those Senators who
believe that even the reservations
adopted by the Senate do not protect
America sufficiently from the menace
of internationalism was expressed by
Senator Brandegee (Conn.). The Sen-
ator holds this view:

The statement of the “high au-
thority” at the White House that the
hope of the Republican leaders that
the President would make further
measures in respects to the peace
treaty with Germany would be disap-
pointed, proceeds upon the false as-
sumption, So far ag I know, tho Re-
publican leaders neither hoped nor
desired that the President should do
anything further with the treaty.

The Senate killed the treaty con-
taining the Lodge reservations, the
Democrats being advised thereto by
the President in writing. §o far as
I am aware there ts no disposition
on the part of the Republicans to ex-
hume the remains. We have more
important things to attend to just
at present. The first of these things
should be a declaration by Congress
that we are at peace. Then the so-
called war atatutes should be erased
from the statute books.

Senator Hitchcock, who has repre-
sented the President tn the fight for the
league In the Senate, said to-night that
the President's attitude Is in entire har-
mony with the attitude he, Hitchcock,
has taken right along. Having drawn
the treaty and the covenant and sub-
mitted them to the Senate, the President
is through with it, said Mr. Hitchcock,
and it {s up to the Senate,

Still Possible to Compromise,

He was asked if the President's state-
ment meant that all hope for compro-
mise had been cut off and he replied
emphatically that it did not.

“Negotiations for a compromise will
begin very soon,” said he, “possibly
this week. I am certain that the Lodge
reservations and my reservations can
be so modified that they wil! be accept-
able to the necessary two-thirds’ ma-
jority of the Senate.”

Senator Borah (Idaho) Issued a
statement to-night asserting that the
influences that have been seeking rati-
fication of the German peace treaty
and League of Nations are setting out

to control the political parties and

    

4
@
f