SATURDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1911.
Fair to-day; probably local rains to-morrow,
VI winds becoming southerly.

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

    

 

 

 

   
         

   

 

 

 

  
 

     

 
 

 

     
 

 

 

   

       

 
 

 

   

   

         

 

 

   

   
 

  

       

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

    

 

 

 

     

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

. ; ANEW i f SA TTI! r SCE wR, OY) LOL L.—Convright, 1911, by the Sun Printing and Publishing Association. PRICE TWO CENTS.
bol, LNNIX.=NO. 100, x *NEW YORK, SATURDAY. DECEMBER ©). 1 ' yright, 1041, ~ a
' ' “ar * ‘ fe "gie : 5
MAINE Seay BISON BOON TO NEWLYWEDS 74” 08 cvzmvey ror. “TWAS MULLIGAN ENTHUSIASM, “' 7°" ON tare Keve's sir? AS TOLD BY LILLIAN GRAHAM
M INE WRECKED bY A MINE AiO SYREN: bane . Hts DISO B00 Painter Sufecated by Coal Gas From a Part of Medina’s Crew, Picked for Indian | Sieeatnions
‘ scammer ' ba But a cara wehite —————— Newty Started Fire ; TAN Voyage, ObjJected to Quarters. Sue KNEW THAT STOKES HAD
' AND BOARD aboot 15 fect hroad and as teetin lenetl, CONCRETE PURNITORE {T! David Cozier, a painter, was suffocated | MERE'S THE BILL FOR STA. Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN | COME TO MURDER NER
Vier OF VREEI sate Yea 1 Pui doubled ; KF WOOD yesterday olfernoon beneath the metal PEDING BANK DEPOSITORS, LONDON, Dec. 9. The Express says a |
OF NAVAL ENPERTS re “ at tl t ’ eran ener © Nera ‘ spark ho i that tops one of the four cat oot Rae section of the picked crew of the steamship | .
© aatine plating ext v torwar alitnnee hich rise each about thirty The Wultigan Team Say They Hired 38 : : . ve and Queen | As He Murdercd Al Adams So She
5 f etn \" sime 18 the wre kew Poke AR Istie Bedroom Sets for 83 Some OEE! : if of the four story brick = — | Medina, on which King George an | Fought and Fought and Uthel Shot
foodoods Phat the Cause of the Pisast ae ; ate : y ; feet abo roof of th i t Italians to Howl Against a Recelver- Mary travelled to India, mutinied on the :
tantoston of a Charge Exterior a . aekad i shay sili Pieces Now On the Ways te Chicago building a 0 Furman street Brooklyn wade a Howe Mary é | and Shot itd Not Demand a
; ; . : ie ; isorit to Prove They ‘U Stand the Raeket of py. jyidy ~ occupied by the Fulton ship, Mrs, Mulligan Made eve of the departure of the veasel an Confession or a Cheek for $25,000.
he Stop. Whtet Mesutted: in the ' ne. This be ‘ ; an : ‘site Elim Shows, Foundry and Machine Works. Cozier was and Mother Speech, Bill, 822,085. refused to sail, They were arrested with
Pvntosion of the Ship's Mawgavsines, ¢ tb a ‘ ek Ce eee bie Moving — Also Kirestete , i ck the chititeys here Wie hid broken leave in the hope | Lillian Graham, frequently in tears,
tire ont viii vielen etn Wear Odanck, & f edeo. ¥ —~Thomasn mw Sa came tite to auit Covter eet; When the Hamilion Bani closed ita | othe eee shind. ‘The latter were diss! @4ve the jury and Justice Marcus yester-
Weck the 8 ? doors on October 23, 1907, there followed | of being left behind. The latter wer ; ; :
; hay ' rode ‘ “A Kdison's recent onnottweement thet og ladder again he chinineyTandqQwent 4 4 sa hintud » the cruleers which es | day her own version of her relations with
; é rat n ' under u i he would take it possible to build a con. | up to rele he ropes that held his seaf- a number of meetings of depositors at) tribu ; ; 5 iene Acunit the ‘ irships furs; W. B.D, Stokes and of what happened
est Mists tha ' , ‘ t oy \ i rete house for $1,000 wan followed wp | fold in place. Ite latd ae ~ _— Which there was unexplained enthus ar siiees e sieaitaee tole Cleon on the King's |i her apartment at the Varuna tho night
a ‘ Kurprise © Kane ed be the Alay We hin promise that in the near aie . = ; ae rar Waar sia and praise for William R naa aaa stibet 7 ety & Mr, Stokes was shot in the legs, She
oi { % ind board's report wher the findings future he would put on the market con ‘eid * tack Ile was there too long Une eee ae ee aa tha ih rhe trouble arose from discontent wept under direct examination. She
' miade public here oss out had beet crete furniture, so thet newlyweds instead to quit gis assistant, Joseph Kenel of 564 Sent to Sing Sing for not less than ‘ 1 their quarters, | Wept under cross-examination. Assistant
ees ; aoe Tob seens Colmer: Sey of fitting out their homes on the instal- Baltic « anid) Kenel ran up and) years and two months for larceny of the among the men over ror tt sin | District Attorney Buckner, doubting the
| oes Poh Maine was even partially uncovered 1 ott a): th of dubious looked in bank's funds. ‘The source of the applause which are deseribed as worse ae | aineerity of her grief, levelled three ques-
n Haver ' ee. ee empl mre | Tee ee: : a ta: ‘: w) : { Coaier la ross the board aud seemed | remained unexplained to most persons on sailing ships in the early days of navi- sieme- at her if
\ 1 be confirmed, @his view was chairs, tables, &e . could invest $200 an ; rit <ometl r doy in the : ) ologists for the vessel say the 7 :
ety Lon ‘ thened when it was learned tha rival “palatial residences” with their a ie i Races Sima sn ae until vesterday, when hcg G on ae Shes een in aan was that) “Miss Graham,” said he, “are those tears
n ; WP DEXEgs chief constructot 6 I Wt orl response Then he ran 880: peg aged Ail abacellh sits Ww finished beeause of lack of | of yours real tears?”
bod ae sistant in charse during the build nvantoe tna caniv siedele 4 an ee wider and raised an alarm. broker, flled an affidavit in the Supreme | they were n tinishec au ‘ | 8V¥eq:* whe eatdt her voles just audible
tothe Maine, had found in his visit , ae : merete cabinet forthe phono. Charles Webber and William Coul, who Court explaining {that the demonstrations | time , to those within the rail
: SEEN USAT aL AOTC 7 . at ; f eo omade in are em 1 he foundry, went back were arranged by himself and his wif Winston Charehill, the First Lord of the) “Aren't they tears of eelf-pity rather
ee ay ca veeee 2 ee mee ee with | Agnes K. Murphy Mulligan, who ts also Admiralty, will reply to a question on the ; ms
1) i “ lows » identit 1 portion of the the new way ere on their wav to Chicago In the meantime some one had notified 7 Paar i : \ is «broker hsubject in the House of Commons on oa shame?
il to show what they con stand |, ; 1a fire call vas aent in. Hook |? lawyer and real estate brok t - “No, sir
{ shi eed hha i The Northern Bank, successor of the) December 19 é ’ ‘ :
‘ Pe ee ne nes ering fy in the way of resisting bondling by freight and Ladder 58 responded, but the body Hamilt s suing Mulligan on notes for - . Didn't vou smileand giggle ail the way
i ae ‘ reer ho / i f vet ‘i 4 men. At present the weight of the con-| was on the roof when the firemen ar- $17,800 which he save for loans negotiated NOTICES OF SUBWAY BLOCKS, through the police court hearing?"
" anert « “ ‘ ty 3 feta Heed by the creie furniture is about one-third greater rived, Webber lial gi Seats through Montgomery. Malligan put - Public Service Commission Orders Them No,” very faintly.
re for e of ti © plosior turte as) then seooden furn.ture, but Edison expects ame * eaten At down He ladder, | #Counter ¢ laim for $20,000 er harattaet Posted, With thas Mr. Buckner ciosed for the
buried itself in the sot) meidot the harbor. to reduce the excess to one-quarter eararae Surgeon Scott of the Brooklyn | 80¢ 40 order dated the iv ites statin The Public Serviee Board adopted an, day a cross-examination designed ta
Soundings in the mud made w ONS The conerete surface con be steined tea ew minutes later Mea billof particulars. This bill con a order yesterday directing the Inter- trip Miss Graham in her story that sha
\ : j l i Hospita ved a Tew : ane 7 over fifty pages and covers the period . » ‘display conspic-
r ces - ih pe vit balison says, so as to look like at kind and said ut the man was dead from October 25, 1907, to January 20, 1008 borough company to “display bli , at was only 18 years old when she first met
‘ race af it it \ itive i" of wood desired His phonograph ceab- « Cozier knew that fires had just: been hk taw ol the partic lars follow uously a proper p He ot oe aged Stokes, He got from her an admission
Spait iSinvited by t ie ner nt to : hee lect trimmed in white end: ktidled nee h chimney when he ° Onna Promlaed $90,000 for xe os | OF hear the ticket or : oa sn - ai ; that in 1005, when she received a legacy
be represented dicing the work ithe ‘ : serlisel dive hood, but hadn't counted ober ce ’ . ; : directly affected whenever ih train ‘
‘ \ reelot overing the Maine. bar she never ace sold Tis suri Se Mn nian lating so quickly. He waa | Of Mr. Mulligan ee 7 ‘ads Altai service is stalled or blocked.” from her mother's estate, the money was
° eeptled the in ' i rue Not aa uf } sieht i ni q oa a old ne eda i i ker avenue, Mo Me teagan seit of the Gani, “oO anv ae turned over to her without the appoint -
"GUNN hOAND BIRDS aN WING. by t ms Poin peoier es thats he old Wo Mini a rreed. in writing F , g vee Ne FANE ee. sf ah ment of a guardian, In 1905 she was
le : ‘ - soon tas oned wood cobine as eer ane ey nreaewearc ada liice oO Providence Potice Hotd Chauffeur for 17 years old, she said
; : ey Hammond Takes Simonsen tp lett and Can 1 make conct furntaures” re CHANDLER RAISES THE 839,000 rpbead didal Vents nd liith street . Speeding, but Let suffrage Leader Go, Under questioning from her own law.
t Thes Pind the Shooting Good, nested Edison when the question was : eae wera |’ dd hall to get aize t! f. Conferred Provinencr, Ro L, Dee. & ~The auto vers she testified that she had been lured
‘ : I pert Marksttat eked Of course | een lam gong Which as Will Pay or ear with depositors and Wo Ro Montgomery mobile in) which Mrs Pankhurst, the |4, Mr. Stokes's stock farm near Lexing-
hie gun vesterday and to have concrete furniture on the marke SM) COO) Wort gage oes it. to formulate plans to stampede the meeting English suffrage leader, came here vester- ton, kept there two nights against her
. | " he air after some birds jn the near future thot will make it poss: Robert Winthrop Chanter has pledged | and prevent resolutions for the whe i day evening was caught in a speed trap wit) and had then been forced to sign an
\ - ‘ I, 1, Marksman Simone ble for the laboring man to put furni- for ggue.o0 ~ Various realty holdings in ment of a receiver. Time, day and into the | in the outskirts of the city. admission of bad character, a paper which
oh ed into Lee Hams ;ure in his home more ertistic and more! this city ' ex-Sheri®Y returned from na Ske Jack Menied ie have ieimaie:| The machine bore a Massachusetts absolved Stokes from responsibility.
' n biplane, Hame durable than is now to be found in the PauEGay Weer cee cee deccsitnes ittend the meeting and arranged | number and was in charge of Melvin P. She said that Stokes had taken from her
4 : go'" and aviator ost palatial residences in Paris or along s hiwyet Sidney Harris, " for enone Mrs Mulligan instructed) Wade, who said his home was in Sher- $1,700 of the money that came to her from
; from the Mineola the Rhine * reaty with Lina Cavalieri, whom | wn terpreter foreman (Italian) that! hourne her mother, that he had lost it in apecu-
) f mf he skv where the “Will it be cheep “din June, 1910. Mr. Chanler | je might drill seventy-five men under him!) d+ was 3.40 o'clock and as Mrs.¥Pank- lation and that when she appealed to him
‘ P Of course it wit | ila \ is agreed to puy $79.00) CAtnerican | to ehout and “Hurrah!” for Montgomery hurst was due to speak at the Providence | jater for money she was asking only for
i BR ed upto the black- out my concrete furniture cheaper than poner Lina. w is going ahead | for the purpose of attending to RtATD DOGInE Opera House at 4 o'clock Sergt. Drowne what orka eon rng fo tad wivee Mae
| ana sparrow level at a sixty the oak that comes from Grand Rapids with a divorce suit which won't be op- the meeting whic eet Praoa sae allowed the chauffeur to deliver his pas- | altogether about $1,200, she said
ifs Sivty miles an hour is { wouldn't go into the business. Tf a posed | Wee aee ie Ceaacen ae sneakers and sengerjbefore taking him to the station, |} Coming to the evening at the Varuna
! { nis Kbirds and sparrows newlywed starts out with, say, $450 Phe mortgage Mr. Chanler gave yester- employ seventy-five persons to attend Wade was charged with speeding. | when she and Ethel Conrad found use for
‘ W | td< down around worth of furniture on the instalment plan) day was secured from Bowers & Sands, and stampede the meeting. Rehearsed and pleaded guilty and was fined $15 and costs. | the pistols they had just bought, Mise
2 fy ised to aeroplanes by confident that we can give hin more) and is fer five years with interest at 4 Jrilled gang of men and provided seventy-| He said the automobile belonged to ®) Graham recited rapidly that Stokes had
ming sard ee this tithe. because as they flew about the artis and more duratle furniture for per cent ihe ‘iy pledged is that | aye men with refreshments and ei@ats | physician in Sherbourne, | attacked her, that she knew he had mur
; ait i Si sky courses the didn ther to Keep g900) Lil also be able to put out a whole, deeded to his wife as a dowry It iS and also paid each man for his ee eee! ee ee ; 7 dered Al Adams and that she was afraid
mut of range bedroom set for $5 or $€ worth several 1 s of dollars Paid Ameriean foreman _ nee Sih VEDRINES BADLY MANGLED. for her own life and that she and Miss
res maisied Along cams ickbird Lee Ham ond Mr. Edison entertained here this after- The property iy nae atures pee arais Sihieinie, owt | Noted Aviator’s Legs and Arms Broken | Conrad finally shot him in self-defence,
Vie ne ha’ in; Com- says he could have run it down. Marhs- noon 150 visitors from the annual con- * 300 to 372 West Fi yee : ; ob we , . Attended meeting and made speech in 100 Foot Fall at Villa Coublay. | Her voice was scarcely raised above 4
1 Pe ‘ ‘ rd Sime that the black? vention in New York of the American » SHO Ninth avenue, S3l and sao Tenth tail waa Crow dediwith multitude John n one ek aaa ae | whisper, Miss Conrad, seated at her
ctor easily Was hetmachine anether Mechanical Engineers Hardly less in venue, “3 tof West Fifty-fifth street I. Leo and Charles H. Tuttle were appar- > Pay : F + ; es the ‘noted | lawyer's table, rested on her elbows and
; rs been rep. words Mr. Sitnonson Wants it understood teresting than his prediction as to the and four lots on the south side of Fitty-| ently in charge of the meeting. Multitude Panis, Dec. 8. he at hile flyir kept her eyes fastened on Miss Graham.
ata be sanmce tha fired at the blackbird from a furniture was the exhibition to the visi- grr} street, 300 feet west of Ninth avenue almost riotous and threatened to mob Mr. aviator, was papas SF ig aa ne oy 7 Mise Graham wore a hat trimmed witi
; oe 500) anlike distance behind it He iors of the new home moving picture. and originally part of the old Cozine) and Mrs. Mulligan because of the Gigpued- ina monoplane ae ee a he volt white fur, a biue sarge suit and a stole ao
. Chief Cor tired at the bird as the Red Devilcarcened Guifit, which will be placed on the market) far: Mr. Chanles inherited this ptop-| ance In ee rian EA haseuee of the ie a at pet His legs and of brown fur Lawyer Jordan asked het
id of the bureau of high above the trees,and the bird dropped. within the nex: three months at a cost) erty from Laura E. Delano in 1902 Lil bial loud 1 ra of tists fallawars, the seventy- th aaa Hace ariniioed » how old she was. She told him 23. Jor-
Lieut a Samper cae sim ae Sie, An, OF from $80 to O78 ab retail. “The =a se pee te ee liye five men hired by them PTs mankine wah einasnae tosplinters. | dan had her emphasize that to the jury
{ tison shot at two lack- without the lighting device is no longer a ed by mortgage, because it 1s Quiet was obtained actually until Mrs Bae ; that and the statement that she was only
~ al ep Byes aan | en am ordinary camers cade. Seventy- | undivided PUL Re Be abeac nh eves) ROR: WHSTBIDEEne FALLS FIFTEEN STORIES. (18 when she first met Stokes in the apart- |
sama the aviaton ® aeroplane, eighi feet of the reels are equivalent to Previous s inarriage with Mine. stated that she had never made a public - ——— 'ment of her sister, Mrs. Stella Singleton
\ : ( ‘ lackhirds and the sparrows were 1.000 feet of the ordis ! Phey Cavaheri Mr Chanter In Paris an speech before but that she f the “8 Workman Stumbles on Masonite Building in the Ansonia.. Finding material in her :
a, as ne vel ae ging 1 simultaneously av be carried inthe p er igreement pledging seo.00 of his sion req bites and Leal iag Lull ee scaffold and Plunges to Death, letters to Stokes, Jordan got her to say
shia Sia i far a ‘ Ail three ackbirds and the two spar- ator, while the ordir he jneome each vear, which amounted to a BUine = As Prorat Shee tah Ata archie Pruce, a lad of 18, stumbled| that when she asked the Ansonia man )
! ' - later were found dead in the ees same number of “feet of stor , OU om. The new mortgage is to Mt iigar leat it ahh represented as while walking along a scaffold on the! for $2,500 she really meant $250; that she Y | , |
» ad n reg ? they id fallen Tie aviat nd weigh twenty nds. On a film ts Hguiaate the present tnortgage on Us |. trie orphan children who had money nineteenth floor of the new Masonic had never meant to ask for $2,500. She a Vs |
ca t en rack st however reached the half as wide as those now familiar The property and also to raise the extra inthe Hamilton Bank and that Mr. Mulligan building at 71 West Twenty-third street | mentioned her legacy and what she did i %
Sa — d ed e ponit el stil! alive iblic three strips of pictures are printed, s7g.a00 Mr. Caanler must 4 iy ad money inthe Twelfth Ward Bank, which yesterday and slipped over the edge. | with it and told of Stokes’s counsel to her i ‘
at it im The Vie er Sherwood ar "not one of rt s larger than threem-six : ‘ was then closed, how could shoes be bought The youth, who was a bricklayer's helper, to keep off the stage -"no place for a : i
eer ee t was considered dangerous {!y- ceenths of an inch square. The operation TAN ON TOREION VACHTS. 7 ; i ee a See ata. . hic fell fifteen stories and lay crushed to pice girl.” She wept at this point and the ; ie if
evard erodr ‘ t ‘ ne e strit rs ne — _ orphans be fed for ” » as i , j
isider ¥ forw 2, : ae cannes ae | ¢ ar 7 e vee ee ye eg atid. ba agony Harrison's BIL Would Make Charge of rors us if the Harnilton Bank was per death on the ti of a Four mets building court walted a une a
he Sar m board f an ; pi os mitted to go into the hands of a receiver? adjoining the new structure She came then to the story of the visit
irds agreed in tt pinion that ireh biplane With his hands ¢o get “the siory $8 Per Cent, on “Luxury. Mrs. Mulligan’s speech turned the tide An ambulance from the New York | tothe Lexington farm Stokes, she said, {
Faia thet ite ntrols and his shou mat of The operation, the visite Vere told, WASHINGTON, Dec. 8 Americans who and won the da e motion for a per- Hospital took the body to the West pad pressed her to visit him. She agreed
as teresting Teature ' : es for from fifteen to sixteen jg go simple that a schoolboy eon easily enjow the luxury of fom@ign built yachts manent receiver Was lost Twentieth street police station house, pally and went to Lexington in the sum- |
ft two reports four n * oa stretch he interested the inaster it. The films are to cost 24 cents a and other pleasure craft) constructed After that Mrs. Mulligan personally where later in the day it was removed mer of 1907. He met her. saving other bk 4
ts A GUrealnWAU iCal cab “ During these periods his oot, @ut arrangements are now beu reross the water will be ta 1 heavily ejected an obstreperous depositor and on a Coroner's permit to Archie's home, at guests were visiting a nearby farm. But =]
’ for fo explosive was tised ‘ A raised a ® his head made to have stations of exchange so as) in the future if Con Rress ¢ t Nod My Mulligan got up a parade and re- 216 West 116th street The street was there were no other guests, Miss Graham ,
padi This means that the ) ve the consumer of the necessity jaw a bill introduced to-day by Repre ception with music He puts in this crowded with shoppers at the time. The paused again and applied her handker-
allavian ak powder was vend WRITEOCPMWAN SUES LADY COOK |; buying every foot of film he wants to sentative Harrison of New York | expense bill helper had fallen some distance back | ehjef to her eves At dinner that evening
rat than d my ; By CO! Mer Priends Got In Between and He SU yee email er ae, ts oe ly te The bil) provides that: a tax of 7 Wiring 75 men for the stampede meeting 806 from the street line, however, ‘and None she asked Stokes where the other guests a a
ther high ext compounds Wants 680,000. of these films that they are searcely dis- cent, ad valorem shall be levied on tors Automobile hire for November, 1907 ' an wot the women shoppers knew of the acci- were, and he admitted that the f guests My " "
t 1 KNOWN Af Chis time on what ¢ af vernible to the naked eye The process ign init yachts, pleasure boats and other Press agents aE inal » #8 dent until after the ambulance had come were mythical. They were alone in the | te
ad e this assumption is based Hady Tennessad ( Menln “Oe nae of their manufacture is xo delicate that | Jike vessels.” With Che payment of this c paces eect “10 along house. The next question from the law- 3 a
STINGRAY AAG , fore Supreme Court Justice Cohalan anda the smallest speck of dust lodged on one tay the vesse! imported may be admitted navtice 175 " caereiet a ver made some of the women visitors tn iy
ol mithe Mathaian-Gonethinciail ivy vesterday as defendant in a SUIT OF the pictures would be magnified so as 4, American register. Moreover, the bill Laurel, musicians, clears to police, fre KICKED FOOTBALL IN STREET. Rout attend etriotie tol the tips of their
arinranantloanadltianint han rt Co Silver to reeover $30,000 to ruin the picture. For that reason the onecifieally provides that if a vessel so Works, banners and flags ah A eRAaLail He Writes to Mayor and shoes and made Miss Graham's tears
a vy Naval Constructor 4} breach. ot 6 ract under whieb oo) ig washed with water before it is al- imported is put in the coastwise trade Refreshments November 4, 1907 # Boy Arre “eects vathui. flow frasiy. When the anuwet cata i
PT ge pn one r alleges be wa write up Lady jawed to enter the room where the films it shall be forfeited to the United States ge ivese ccarine MUN reeas oeRTiotin inks “9 " raat ayaa nd [Mr Tncaan held up: the dopteaston ahe 1
wothe proper and the displaced : a - Hie ae Ninyth, eatligel are made Mr. Harrison also wants to impose a whiskey, &c., for. reception 100 | .f apt SEEN os ee opstean one had slanod } il
nt-averv, portion of the ahi pla told the jury that Silver The home films are to cover just a8 tas on those who charter foreign built | Patrolmen Lyneh anc te a “Did you sign that in New York?" ha a |
¢ ave these models that the b#d the work well in ind when her wide a range of subjects as the ordinary vecgels for purposes of pleasure and ‘Vota! ish alg Avenue ace ha ate ce, asked ) }
ition of every piece remaining (00 "* i erat rom him and peels of to-day, but special attention is ppeereation. In such cases he would > ae eee ee oui ?p SU EOneS a te cantare Waldo “No, in Lexington,” said Miss Grahan s . |
dite the hull is possible. Naval sir an ot ceed eer WIT him again. +> be given to religious and educational charge $3 a grosa ton. Mr Harrison OIL PEN SIONS PRESERVED, | terday to | Hl ‘roid Dick of 486 Macon. it the faintest of voices } >
or Ferguson wilh) to-morroy ; DYER AIG TNS ” defence would subjects. It is a hobby with Edison to is a member of the Committ on Ways Th ity » _ ore - fon 1} ; arrested on Why did you sign it?” !
the models and tell the story of intro@uce a cancelled check for § . get the moving picture into the realm of ang Means, and it is understood the bill The Standard Smit Up Phat Business ctreet, Brook yn, who was a , ¢ : efasiuan Mit HiOkGE Gunidi he). wauld ny
. marked, “payment in full of ail claime : oe “ Too With the Reat, December 1 for kicking a football in the ; : . y
supposed to have taken place wean education put in to-day in all probability: will be F ; ' s discharged in court and, telegraph my relatives if Ldid not _
henefit of Secretary Meyer, rank. 4T Said that the “payment in fall of all The mechanical engineers saw also 4 reported favorably When the Supreme Court dissolved the street. He Whe ‘ 1m if . att } Questioned about money that Stokes 1
liafiaara Anditha newabanerinan tome was not on the check whew Silver) gamonstration of the kinetograph, the! In framing tariff revision bills the old Standard Oil Company of New Jersey wrote to Mayor Gaynor ’ pe Aan had given her, she said that the $1,200 ;
igh the models were nut entirely | Tece!ved ti combination of moving pictures and the Democrats of the House intend so far as itincidentally dissolved that corporation 8 Mayor Maynor Reine wih erie included her bill at the Ansonia, which
is eotier nnaibion toenieht> hee Cou | for Lady ¢ ook ' | it * JUTY phonograph, and heard a lecture by | possible to reduce rates on necessities and pension fund, in which some 72,000 people | to ¢ ones r ya . Shevlin and hig, #mounted to$518, She said that when she :
ented a most impressive graphic view 'HAt “she is suscepti . ‘0 flattery and Miller Reese Hutchison, one of Edison * jinereaxe them on luxuries, itis said) For- have a very precious interest But the to ins antiaes * . oe thee the [came back from Paria the first of this year
at happened, The awful destruc- | likes mie e notices ed n lady engineers, on the storage battery, Phe eign built yachts, it is believed, are among Standard Oil management has: split up men ee 1 en oe ” vlharnative bit; she went to Stokes at his office in the Ate \
{ the forward part of the Maine ©O0K shook her head % ie ne disc phonograph, on which Edison has | the luxuries that should be taxed to the the fund with the rest of the business and boy _ i He with other boys had | Sonia and told him she was hard up, thet
lered apparent to n degree far |. N withstanding 1 iat she shakes her heen working a long time, bwas shown fimoat kept it alive | to arrest se rail ieouan windowe | she didn’t have enough to eat, He offered
. nd anything that the published ac- head, I must repeat t wt Lady Cook is When the delegation arrived there was _— oe Nobody outside the management has! kicked t . otbe omen'e faces, ‘They | her $2. ehe said, but she rejected it and po
a havalinnioaiee very susceptible to flattery and rewards given to them the “key to the laboratory, PATRIOTIC EULALIA. , ever found out how much there isin that) and puntec a nm he “ne pay 5 ate “4d did not take itaway with her. Shedenied i ‘q
m about frame 1%, where the Samp- | those who write nice things about her, Consisting of a copper wire in @ test tube : -—--- pension fund, It is certainly a very large were told to stop, mt abe tee ete referring to Mr. Stokes's wife as “thit j
é rd supposed the mine exploded, | While she doesn’t like Thome who write which, Edison said, typified his “key” to qpologized to King Alfonse Because of sum. The compuny ran for forty-one | good Seu it will be up to the damned redhead " She didn't see Stokes a
: WRAnhiGalle tBEindian: cite hat is not pleasing to her many of his achievements, It was ac- Political Troubles in Spain, years and kept its men as few companies to the , AYO} om aren again until the lively evenin at the
i ts of the vessel forward of that point Silver wae on the witness stand all day cepted by Walter Bausenstrauch of Co- Spectal Cable Despatch to ‘THE SUN ever have. ‘The pension plan is generous. Mayor to bane | ae ORS ee Varuna. ;
) eso twisted and torn as to bear little | yesterday - : 7 lumbia, the spokesman of the Party Loxnpon, Dee. 9 The Paris correspon- Its basis is twenty-five years aervice and STOCKING THE BEST SAFE. After describing her meeting with Miss : {
i nee ehip's hull fhe bottom. BUILDING AND YELLING Just before leaving the Guests were sure deni of the Daily Mai! says he has re- the attainment of the age of 65, when an a Conrad and. theit agreement to live toe ;
is gone \ -ide. however, is a con- - ‘ prised to see on a screen & MOVIDE PICLULE Ceived a message from the Infanta Eulalia officer or employee may retire on one- Commisstoner Dougherty Warns Holiday) gether she said that Miss Conrad went a |
a Vaaha iar ial the very nose of the The, Latter Not an Ancitiary Necessity of themselves entering the grounds.) ywyjch reads fourth of his average salary for his ten Shoppers Against Thieves, lto see Stokes on her behalf and cama
ship with he TARY Into Al aft of that of the Former, The film was presented $0 ThE 4 & 80Us "I have done what t hold 10" he my last vos te of merece 1 Alon or Ore Lb Second Deputy Police Commissioner back with a story that made her terribly * n)
is tangled ste. \ iy but a person Ihe Appellate Division of the Supreme | vent Fane neat ee oe om duty. It is the duty of everybody to tired before 65 get nis Mpeg veri | Dougherty gave out «a little advice to) angry Stokes had told Miss Conrad, sha { ;
familiar with atte ) construction | Court decided yesterday that contractors ; 7, - ; sacrifice personality for his or her coun- 65 and then quarter pay. he APD ne - ‘women shoppers yesterday on the best gaid, that Miss Graham smother had kent
could state with any degree of certainty erecting buildings must do the work in FILMS FROM AEROL LANE. try, ‘This explains my conduct For me of the system is Bilan io a ae on way to guard their money in the crowded 4 disorderly house in Seattle and that
e relations of mf Mass to the | such a way a6 not to disturb the residents Operator Making Pictures From Fowler's "he incident is closed , | omeers and a itt ane Be ne. ae stores during the holiday season, He Miss Graham herself was familiar W th
vessel as she was before her destruction of neighboring houses and assessed fines OE ne Coast to Coast Flight, The Princess is reported 12 he sick. | which the Standard Oi COMPARY a8 eal thinks the best place for a woman to the inside of such resorts, After that
The models clisclose, however, the sur-) aggregating $450 on the firm of B Crystal | Maenine 20 1 Dec, &.--The first Rho refuses to see anybody The motive come well known among people Who nog earry her money is in her stocking she went to see Martin W. Littleton, Mr
rvising accuracy of the findings of the & Son, owners and builders of tw ) apart. Ganvnetos, Tae. wg tic ant ” for her submission to King Alfonso was | their lives Working for ree le But if a woman should not care for, Jordan didn't ask whit took place at the
pson board regarding the displaced ment houses at 454 and 1368 Riverside successful attempt to ta ame my Hu oe an appeal to her loyalty from an in- that of giving increases of salary to people that method of protection she is advised interview with Littleton. But she was
ms of the Maine. These findings | Drive from a flying machine pee | aes oa © OY Anential quarter. Ji was pointed out to) who have not asked for them to hang on to her purse or bag with a. afraid of Stokes.
e based on the reports of divers, Frederick L. Taylor, a lawyer and hig. be Re Shaw of New 1 ' ae ave her that a crisis in the affaires of the royal cee Rat r Tr INJURED ‘mighty grip at all times, and nol for f “My sister, Mrs. Singleton, told me to
statements were interpreted by | wife, Jane E. Taylor, who occupy an apart- Aviator Robert G. Fowler on his coast to family would be intolerable just now, TAZEWELL ELLETT INJURED, secant BO lay 10 Go ee or enuir Il eware of Mr. Stokes,” said Miss Graham y
* familiar with the construction of | ment in the house at 24 Claremont avenue, i ie: shine is equipped with a when antledynastio aavenare va nay Lawyer's Shoulder 3 oken by Fall on “ and women thieves are the ones “She said he was a dangerous character
\ Taine also owned by the Crystal firm, whien is The picture mas Has + ‘ Pe ‘ihrat "in Spain and another Ferrer cane was Subway Stairs, 7 who operate in the stores and a squad of | and that she believed he had killed Al »
scription of the condition of the separated from the houses in course of device which Qverenmee ee Aint threatened Fs f Il Ellett, lawyer and) former! detectives bas been assigned to pick Adams, Mrs. Singleton Wiis living wt the
. tollowing the explosion given by | construction on Riverside Drive by » nare Of the aeroplane engines. F M A ey ! It was atso pointed oul to ihe T rincess Vazewell E ” tk 3 ana F them up. Ansonia when Al Adama died, and on that
» ae : . , : ; reproduce scenes along the route from that the republicans were exploiting the Congressman, who lives at the Calumet ——- + ight she saw Stokes coming down the
pson board was as follows row court, Complained of reekless blast. Texas to New York. edie fare #inst the throne.) Club, isinthe New York Hospital suffering op Make the Grocer Weigh the Bacen dar MBE shes +12 o'clodk tare
rion of the port side of the pro. ing, yelling Italian laborers and Sunday The picture machine has been thor-|ineident in Spain ee y ' fr broken shouldor and a cut head @ Wan : roo | back stairs about IL or 12 0" ok, mutter
, ‘whieh extends from about® work and got an injunction, which waa oughly tested and 1,000 feet of film de- |The Infania was subjected to unusual from a de on tall a ia alee ae The Appellate Division will determine ing to himself and throwing his hands \
abut feinia ail wake blown |v iglated he fines are tor contempt and veloped perfectly . , political and private pressure as the result of a fe ! ¢ own ty sta , whether bacon put up in glass jars is about. And the next day Mr, Stokes, she |
over to port, ‘The main deek , Corts ; oa ” ee seis ; the downtown subway station at Twenty. sold in violation of the ordinance when it) Cig testified that he went to bed at 8 or
Iramne 0 to about frame 41 was Killed by Auto in “arage, New Railroad Car for iM atholios, OF Interest to Poets, eighth stroot last lah. b about 8 o'clouk |) Sold without w ‘ighing. The case WHS 9 o'clock.”
!t and slightly over to stur- New ROCHELLE, Dees A touring car | The report of the Catholic ¢ hureh Kx- ‘The Brooklyn Institute of Arts and Mr. Ellett left the clu re aU ne on tried before Municipal Court Justice “Did you expect Stokes on the night of
neo the forward part of the mid- eta te ae a od eerie ce tension Society announces the gift of Sciences has offered a prize of $500 to the W go downtown He fe wei vily down Spiegelberg, who decided that the ordi- she shooting?” asked Mr. dordan
ruetu ver and on top of the Now Ramalia; suddenly hasbad af another chapel car from an BNONYMOUK WO onican citizen submitting the best, the wale ae ee ones See sae nance spplies only to fresh met * The *No. indeed.” i
in the opinion of the court the Bunks & Kobbe garage in Centre ave-! friend. ‘This makes the Keeond car be- poem on the Battle of Brooklyn, The last night ¢ at ue natin ta Be i a Appellate Term affirmed this ruling end “Had you written to him to come?" ;
b partial explosion of two or ue to-night and pinned seventeen-year- j longing to the society, The other car, poem must contain the main historical He is 55 yoars ol s he con 4 FON) Ons | ofuned permission to go to the Appellate “No, sir.” :
forward ragazines of the | ld) Thomas Minchell Heainst the rear | named St. Anthony, operates on railronds facts concerning the battle, must have | mond, Va. He wie & student ab the Division Assistant Corporation Counsel Then Miss Graham gave her side of the
é wall. His skull was crushed, He died five! weat of the Missouri River. The railroads _ fewer than 300 nor more than 600 lines, | Virginia Military Institute and studied Q)yay y a. wot leave from the latter N Hina? ah the Wakina. (aha
. the outer sheil of the ship, | Minutes: wer yo Shanis gr win *S haul the ear without charge and ayow must he submitted on or betore October law at the University of Virginia, He jody to appealon the ground thet dis- fight in oy verve i oat canes io
feat eA ThTL Rote aTite ampere, * me. sone au 1 wen © or cing trackage at oul of the wey ih oie the 1, 1012. The award is to be made on the was a member of the Virginia State honest merehents can find « loophole for spoke very a} ws amdi’'in Mldae ot
st feed abe tat cant ete a0 ne oar. it wae 0 ag at the garage that new ear will operate on railroads in the | re ommendation of Prof 4 ale a mine | Democratic committee tor twleve years, freud in the rubug with a ougseaton oO ; — a oo oo | ;
Se eal te ie —_ ing mae tt - one, Hed Pehine the | oe er w es mi delicl are te at Bneeee ihe Prof, | He was elected to Congress in 1806 | A Christmas gift that appreciated all the yeas ees "dadanoe maintains that a
dm 1¢ e now about four feat ove » ou walker ’ . lles, water es made delicious eee @ ; co i i i ‘ . ’ in 00, — v. °
we essrace of the water, therefre about fear vos oes me : oan wus ° | with ‘ANGOSTUKA BITTERS. Aur | iss Perry of Harvard | the district including Richmond. A brofacnte Collar button Set, $1 |