aes

=

 

 

ae an Re ee

VOL. LXXJ—NO, 283, YORK; THURSDAY, JUNE 94 1904.—conertons, 1000, by The Sun Printing ond PublioNing Asscctaion . PRICE TWO 0

 

 

RUSSIA HEARS OF BIG BATTLE

JAPANESE ATTACK ON PORT Aft
THUR REPORTED REPULSED.

STORM MINE CAMP,
One Kilod and 14 Captured n>
Fight Meer Viol,

 

$00,000 BAIL FOR MRS, ELIAS

18 REQUIRED—HABEAS CORPUS—
MORE AKRESTS LOOKED FOR.

 

KENTUOKY NOT TO INSTRUCT. MARINES LAND AT TANGIER ' BOURKE COCKRAN TO WED?
Majority of the Delegates, However, Bald * | mamore to That Effect Revived in Wesh-
to Be for Parker. ington, Where He Hes Just Arrived.
Lovisviuieg, June 8—The Kentucky AMERICAN GUARD FOR THE BEL- Wasninoton, June 8.—Representative
Democratic convention met here to-day, GIAN LEGATION THERE. Bourke Cockran arrived ip Washington
and contrary to expectations the adminis- thie evening, and his presence here has set
tration forces were overwhelmingly .vic- | Disorder Feared—uiten Gald to Have |b 011 the political and social gossips
torlows. A bitter contest had been looked Yietded a eae ~ sci the | going. There being no cotanatie political
or. Release Perdicaris ’ ‘artey | reason why he should compe to Washington
aan! Bec ae er See ae, —foth ef the Captives ‘Are Stet, | at the opening of the summer ceaaee the
an a vote of 817 to or report is revived . there is a weddin
Peake of Shelby county, who was eup-| Wasnimworon, June 8--Rear Admiral | in prospect. - ait
ported by Senators Blackburn and Mo- | Chadwick, who commands the two Ameri- | ‘For several months past the residence
Creary. After temporary organization had.| oan squadrons at Tangier, Morocco, cabled | which Mr, Cockran occupied when formerly
been completed a recess was taken until | the Navy Department to-day that he had | jn Congress has been in process of renova-
8:30 o'clock. landed an armed force from his ships to | tion and the work is now practically com-
Upon reconvening in the, evening the,| suerd the Belgian Legation, He eaid that | pjeted. During the past day or. two house
report of the committee on credentials | he did this at the request of Mr. Gummeré, | furnishings have arrived from New York
was adopted unanimously. It had been the Consul-Genetal of the United States. and the residence, which has been converted
anticipated that a bitter fight would be| Government officials declared that Ad- | int, an English basement house of the
made over this report. : miral Chadwick sent no partioulars of the | inten, degign, is being furnished and decor-
The committee on resolutions com- | #tuation, but admitted that they had 4n- | 4164 from top to bottom
promised by adopting a report with the other despatch which they thought wise This is just the time of year when the
following opening paragraph: to withhold from the newspapers. They } rashionable and wealthy residents of the
“The Democratic party of Kentucky expressed the opinion, however, that there | Ganitol are deserting it, and Mr, Cookran's
in convention assembled affirms its faith | W@® danger of disorder in Tangier, and the | jitentions aro, therefore, all the more the
in and adherence to the great and funda- officers of the Belgian Legation were prob- subject of interest and mystery
mental principles of Democracy as ex- ably apprehensive of trouble. —_——_— i
pounded by Jefferson, exemplified by Jack- Another important bit of news came MURDERESS MUST HANG,
son and ably defended by Bryan.” to the Government also from Tangier. It ealabiads
The resolutions also condemn the so- | ¥* contained in a despatch from Consul- | New Jersey Court of Pardons Refuses to
called “unnecessary and unjust system of General Gummeré, who sald that be had Commute Sentence of Death.
Federal tazation maintained by the Re- | been. informed unofficially by the British } Tasntow, June 8.—With only one dis-
publican Administration.” Consul at Fez, Morocco's religious capital, | senting vote the Court of Pardons, after
Permanent organization had not been | ‘bat the British Consul had heard that the | two hours of deliberation, refused to-day
completed at 11 o'clock to-night owing to | Sultan had granted Raisull’s conditions | to commute to life imprisonment the sen-
the failure of the committees to report, | for the release of Perdi and Varley. | tence of Anna Valentina, who was con-
It seems certain that the delegation will |-Theee conditions were that « ransom of | victed of killing Rosa Solza. She was
not be instructed. The majority of the | $5,000 should be collected from the Gov- | sentenced to be hanged on May 19, but was
delegation will be for Parker and the unit | more of Tangier and Fea, that Raisull | reprieved until June 15, 60 that her appli-
rule will be applied. The delegates at large should receive amnesty for past offences | cation for clemency might be fully con-
Pil be.Gov. Beckham, Senators MoCreary | @24 the Perdicaris kidnapping, that all | sidered by the court. Unless the case ts
and Blackburn and Congressman Ollie the Sultan’s troops should be withdrawn qarried to the Court of Errore and Appeals,
dames. fro na ee district a Hee oe which it is said will not be done, she will
‘ ' ve over ad be executed on the day when the reprieve
EN secetan oer oer aoe Toe freedom from taxation and tribute. Rai- | expires.
delegate, John B. Gaines, from the Third suli demanded also that the Governments | ‘The only negative vote cast was that of
who was badly defeated, Only one dele. |°% Great Britain and the United Btates | Judge G. D. W. Vroom of thie city. The
gation, the Fifth (Louisville), instructed. should guarantee the faithful performance | Governor, as is his custom except where

 

Arthur hed actually fallen, which sent
Japanese securities up half a point,

There is a certain amotnt of “news” from
BL Petersburg, but it is of a nature to which
lif}le importance can be attached. One
long méssage from a Russian correspondent
at Liaoyang describes Gen. Samesonoff’s
fight on June 8-in the valley of the Puit-
sidum,

The Whole description treads af though
the figiting resulted in a substantial Rus-
Gian victory, the Japanese retiring before
the Céseacks at all points, but the story
ends by saying:

“We received the otder to retire. Just
at the moment the Japanese artillery that
was lying in reserve Was brought up and
poured shrapne) into our retiring column.
It failed, however, to get. the exact range
and we escaped uninjuted.” VE

The 8t. Petersburg correspondent of
the Paris Matin sends an interview with
Admiral Wirenius, chief of the General
Staff of the Navy, who declarés it is abseo-
lutely false that the Crar has ofdered the
fleet to make & sortie from Port Arthur,
the naval commanders there having per-
fect freedom of action, but aa the road-
6tead is full of mifies {t would be madness
to attempt to leave the port until they
are’ removed or the channel opened,

A despatch to the Times from Chefoo
says that the Ruesian agent is trying to
establish a wireless telegraph receiver
there.

  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
   
 
 
 
 
   
 
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
  
 
 
   
  
   
  
   
  
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
 

  
 
 
  
 
  
  
  
   
  
   
  
  
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
   
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  

 

 

  
   
 
     
   
   
   
  
  
   
  
 
    
   
  
 
 
  
   
  
 

 

 

  
 
  
  
 
    
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
 
 
    
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
   
 
 
   

 

The Woman Names Twe Men Whe She Says
Have Been Bleeding Her by Threat-
ening Exposure—Ono a Docter, One
am Atterney—Examination set fer
Friday—Prisoner, in & Negro Cell tn
the Tombe, With Sliver and
Fine Linen—Mebs Pursue Her.

Hanriah Flies, whose house was broken
into by datorming party of detectives about
midnight on Tuesday, was lodged in the
Tombs yesterday in a cell in what is called
“nigger row,” in the woman’s part of the
prison, in default of $50,000 bail demanded
on the criminal chargé of extortion. She
will be before Supreme Court Justice Clarke
to-day on a writ of habeas corpus, and her
counsel will ask for a reduction of the bail,
on the ground that the Constitution forbids
requiring excessive bail.

OTHER ABRESTS MAY FOLLOW.

Asa reason for demanding $50,000 bail,
District Attorney Jeromie said in the Tombs
police court that the case in which the
woman is the central figure has become a
public scandal. The woman herself says
that several white men have been bleeding
her regularly for years of the money she
obtained from John R. Platt. The names
of two of these men have been given to the
District Attorney, and that warrants will
be issued for them before the case grows
much older was said yesterday to be almost
certain.

TWO MEN WHO SHE SAYS BLED HER.

One of the two men whom the woman has
named as among those who obtained large
gums of money from her is an electro-
magnetic “doctor,” who formerly attended
her. The other is an attorney-at-law.
They found out, she says, how she was
getting her money and real estate, and
their demands for a share continued right

Land and Sea Fighting With Heavy Lesaes,
varlous Reports Say—Viadivostok Fleet
said to Have Been ih Ohe Engagement
—Fall of the Fertress Expected,

Special Cable Despatches to Tas Suit.

sr, PeTeRsavRG, June 8.—A despatch
ftom Liaoyang sayé thé Chinese report
that on June 6 thé Japanese made several
vigorous, sustained and stubborn attacks
on Port Arthur by land and sea simultane-
ously. They were fepulsed with severe
loases

Further Chinese reports say it is rumored
that the Vladivostok aquadron has effected
a junction with the warships at Port Arthur,
that a naval battle bas been fought and that
the Japanese lost four large vessels.

A deapatch from Mukden says informa-
tion has been received there that nine
Japanese vessels have been bombarding
the coast between Siungyucheng and
Kaichau since yesterday.

—

RAID ON TOWN HEADED OFF,

 

Union Men Intrenched We Canon
Opened Fire on Troops.

 

Adjutant-Gicneral Bell, in Cemniand Under
Martial Law, Takes 150 Men te Dumtc
ville—Miners There, fle Heatd, Med
Planned to Bescond on Victor amd
Free Prisoners—Twenty Minutes of
Uphill Fighting scatters the Aiilme
ets—-Seven Men Taken at Big. Ban
Hil After Shooting by Momated |
Seldiers—-More OMicials _ Resign.

 

RINCHAU A JAPANESH BASS.

A despatch from Liaoyang, dated yeés-
terday, says that the Japanese have evacu-
ated their positions near Wafangkau. The
Russian patrols failed to discover any of
the enemy as far as Nafangkan, A severe
fight is expected at Kinchau, where the
enemy are concentrating all their strength
in the positions they captured. The Jap-
anese have not effected a landing at Kaichau
Their fleet of twenty-five steam transporte,
loaded with war material and provisions,
which was lying off Kaichau, hae die-

Victor, Col., June 8.—Militiamen aad
deputies fought a pitched battle with union
miners this afternoon at Dunnville. about .
sixteen miles from Cripple Creek. Que
miner at least was killed and fourteen were ,,
captured. It is thought that several who
escaped arrest were wounded. :

The party, numbering in all about 180
men, left in a special train, intending, if
possible, to take into custody all the miners

 

CABLE TO JAPAN CUT.

Cotmmuntcation With Céerea Is Now In-
terrupted.
Special Cable Despatch to Tas Sun.
Lonpon, June 8—The Great Northern
Cable Company annotifices that the cable
connecting Japan and Cores is interrupted.

 

Sa ct a a a aa ee

 

appeared. Stores for the Japanese army | This prevents any direct communication é who had retreated to the hills about Dumn-
up until Platt’s civil suit wae brought last by the Sultan of those conditions, but to] his vote ie needed to decide , re- 8

are arriving at Kinchau from all directions. | between the Liaotung penineula and the | Wh va ve ee on which all but Platt Sn colegetion 8 io Deer this the Sultan could not agree, as neither | ¢rained from voting. re ville. Reports had reached Adjutant-Gen-

Ms Japanese ” oe yt Stag ances had thrived was made public. While the ANXIOUS ABOUT INDIANA. pore sooo ae a to bev we FELL CAN MABRY NOW eral Sherman Bell, who is here to enforce

trating at Pulandien. Apparently A Elias woman may or may not divulge the re Sasa ety nd by any such agreement. , * | martial law, that these men intended to

only the first stage, of a more extensive TIEMPY TO BLOW UF CRUISER, names of other men than Platt who may The Fe t Benne er: Fetmes. Oppe- th landing men from his ships to protebt come to Victor to-night and endeavor ta -

een
nent to Consult on the Outlook. the legation of a friendly nation at Tangier Refused License Because She Waan’t ef

InpraxAPouis, Ind., June 8—There is | Admiral Chadwick has not gone beyond the Age-—Mother Mirsightens Out Tangle,
much speculation in ublican circles | Proprieties of international observance. PHILADELPHIA, June 8.—Mise Mae E.
here over the receipt of a from Presi- | His course does not contemplate a selmure | Drexel Fell, the daughter of Mrs. Alex-
dent Roosevelt by Charles 8. Hernly, former | f territory and means nothing more than | ander Van Rensselaer and the granddaugh-
chairman of the Republican State central | # temporary expedient actuated by purposes | ter of the late Anthony J, Drexel, was held
commtitee, in which the President aske | Of ® purely humanitarian character. There | up in the marriage license bureau to-day.
Mr. Hernly to visit him in Washington for | are no Belgian warships at Tangier, andthe | “You are not old enough, go home and
consultation on the political outlook in | Minister of that country probably requested | bring back your mother’s consent,” was
Indiana. Mr. Hernly has replied that he | the assistance from the American comman- | what Clerk Leonard said in effect.
will visit the President immediately after | der not only because he had plenty of men | To make it more embarrassing her flanoé,
the Chicago convention. for such uses, but because no other nation | Howard Houston Henry, was with her.

Mr. Hernly was: chairman of the State | having a naval force at the Moroccan port | The young couple will be married June
central committee ih 1908 and 1900, and was | 8 80 disinterested politically as the United | 23 and they went to Cupid's bureau together
one of the warmest Indiana admirers of | States in Morocoan affairs. Naval officers | to-day to get the necessary license. They
President McKinley, When Mr. Roose- | Who have been at Tangier said to-day.that | waited patiently for an hour and a half
velt succeeded to the Presidency, the In- | the Belgian Legation is remote from the | and then stood before the license dispenser.

foreign settlement, ag ag that eens '"@Oh, I'm nearly 20,” sald Miss Fell, whea
MoKinley were being ignored and he was | i= greater danger in the event of am anti- | asked her age. ;
open in hie disapproval of President Rogee- | foreign uprising than the legationsandoon- } “Then,” ssid the-eleck, firmly, “as'
velt's new policies. ; ‘wulates of other foreign nations. ere a minor I caa’t lesue thin loense. You

He was one of the few Indiana Republi. | 48: @nothier-telegram to the Navy De- | must got the oonsent Of your parents.”

have su her with money—and it
was said yesterday that she wouldn't—it
is certain that if obliged to testify at all
she will not hesitate to tell all about hor
relations with the men whom she accuses
of blackmailing her.

ONE GOT $2,700 LAST MONTH.

In the complaint sworn out by Mr. Platt
it ia charged that the specific sum of $7,500
was extorted by the woman from him in
May last on the pretence that she was about
to

release the 150 prisoners in the armory., _
MINERS FIRED FROM ABOVE.

The train carried them within a few
miles of the place where the minetm
were encamped, arriving about 3 0’oleck,
The trail leading to the camp passes through
a deep cafion, and just as the soldiers weré
entering this the shooting commenced. —

The strikers were stationed at the top of
the walls on either side of the cafion and shot
down at the soldiers. The range was
awkward, and it is probably due to this
‘fact that there Were no casualties at the
time. The eokliers fired a few shots in
return, but seeing the disadvantage of thelz . 4
position quickly retreated. ~ Oe ie
two squads, Advancing,

retirement.
SEVERAL DAYS OP FIGHTING,

CrEFoo, June 8.—A fleet of junks has
arrived from Dalny to buy stores for the
Japanese. They report that there have been
several days of continuous firing between
Dalny and Port Arthur. They say that
Japanese warships take turns in guarding
the entrance to Port Arthur.

ToxK10, June 8.—Four Japanese gunboats,
reconnoitring Port Arthur at midnight,
drew a severe fire from the batteries. One
of the gunboats received eight shells and
had one man killed and two wounded before
the flotilla retired. 4

Pants, June &—The St. 'Petereburg
correspondent..of the Afafin telegraphs
that Admiral Wirenitue says that if the

Explosion on Beard the Smelensk at Se
bastepel.
Spectal Cable DeSpaich to Tam Sun.

Paris, June 8.—A telegram from Sebas-
topol states that'a serious explosion has
occurred on board the Russian cruiser
Bmolensk. The explosion was not acol-
dental, but had been planned for the de-
struction of the ship.

The Smolensk 18 @ ship of 12,000 tons and
was built only fouf years ago at New-
castle. She is 470 feet long, has 58 feet beam
aud has a draught of 24 feet. Her horee-
power is 16,000, an éhe has a epeed of 20
knots, Bhé carries fifteen 4.7 inoh guns.

PRAISE. FOR JAPAN'S ARMY.

—_—_——e
Gen. Meckel Thinks 400,800 Men Can Ba
Put in the Bicid.

 

Tas Son if didn’t pay him large imstallmen' ; ES ; , ¢ i

Japenese capture Port Arthur from the Buaisx, June orien  Lelal ‘Ansciger his bill he would ous and the secret would cans who openly espoused the cause of | partment Admiral Chadwick said that] ¢But mamma dosta’t object a bt,” after a hard climb, in reaching the top of | “

land side the fleet will make a eortie at full , é Senator Hanna, and at the party love feast, | Perdicaris and Varley were in need of | stormed Miss Fell. the walls of the cafion. ee
wi be brought out. She eald thet she paid whan? Set oaata 4 tion over | medical assistance, and Consul-General Finally = clerk was assigned to accom- * ‘a

CLIMB UPHILL UNDER FIRE.

The strikers slowly retreated, dodging
behind rocks and trees and keeping up a
running. fire, The soldiers pursued the
same tactice, although they were at 4 dis-
advantage, es the climb was long and steep.
Once at the top, however, they pressed
the strikers hard.

They shot to kill, and the first one to fall
was Jobn Carley, who was shot through
the héart with a Krag-Jorgensen bullet, *
Carley, in the retreat, was running from
his hiding place behind a rock to the sheker
of atree some distance away when he was
killed. ‘

Carley’s death seemed to demoralize the
strikers, and they ran in every direction,
The soldiers gave chase and succeeded in
capturing fourteen,

THE FOURTERN PRISONERS.

apeed in the direction of Vladivostok, hoping
that some, at any rate, of the ships will be
saved. Ho said that that would be more
heroic than blowing them up In the harbor.

The Petit Paristen's &t. Petersburg cor-
respondent chronicles a report that Gen.
Kouropatkin will take pereonal command
of 40000 men and attempt to relieve Port
Arthur. ;

RUMORS CAUSE RUSSIAN REJOICING.

Loxpon, June 0.—A despatch to the
Daily Mail from St. Petersburg says that
twenty-five Japanese transporte sank near
Kaichau, on the north coast of the Liaotung
peninsula. There is no official corroboration
of the story, but the rejoicing is universal.

It is alao stated the Port Arthur fleet
attempted to make a eortie Wednesday,
but @ brief naval duel resulted in the Rus-
slans returning to the harbor withoyt

the mention of Hanna's name, Hernly be- | Gummeré had sent to Raisuli. to inquire | pany the couple to the Van Rensselaer
lieved that the Benator would be nomi+| Whether a surgeon would get safe conduct | mansion. :

nated for the Presidenoy and set about to Lo Pera re ths said the A denite), one} “You poor children,” said Mrs. Yan Rens-
perfect an organization for him in this | of Wagan. He ooded that x bne Teron pelaer and vieéd the permit.

State. sponse to the objections of the United ———
1-31 politiclans believe that the Preai- | Geusencent tomesting hia extreordinary | PAUL WILKES ARRESTED.

dent knows Hernly's attitude toward him demands was expected to-morrow. ected.
There will be no demurrer on the @ecend Husband ef Mrs. Le Roy Jones
and that he has sent for the former chair-| (6 the United States to the part 1 ” p

man with a view to overcome his opposi- is
tion if he still feela as he did last winter | ‘altions “Tan tho release of of Raisuli's con; | saw Joss, Cal., dune 6.Pau! T. Wilkes,

Pe

when Hanna stock took such a sudden rise | Varley. ith that the President end | the second husband of Mrs. Herman Le Roy
in Indiana and the State was on the Reoretary Hay feel that they have Jones of New York, is under arrest here,
point of open rebellion. $0 Go, They ve Met, Beevers consent |’ charged with passing a worthless $80 check.
Mr. Hernly and others who knew the | to the conditions down by the | Wilkes came here from Sen Francisco and
feeling in the State at that time declared | chief. It is very evident to the minds of | ran up a bill at a hotel and sanitarium,
that the President could not Indiana, | those officials who oredit the statement | paying part of his acoount with a check
but since the death of Se Hanna he | that the Sultan hae bowed fo Paes on Los Angeles. This was returned dis-
is not known to have expressed himself thes She WaT ee Me to horton honored, and when Wilkes came back from
on the subject. What his personal feelings | and Varley. He was confronted on the | Santa Cruz to-day he was arrested.

now are is not known, but six months ago | one hand with the flity that Great Wilkes several years ago gained notoriety
he did not healtate to express the opinion | Britain and the U States would bold | py shooting George Sheppard in @ duel
that the President would be weak at the | bim sccountable for the safety, of, thelt | because the latter insulted his wife, Bhq
polls. that France would seize his territory on | secured @ divorce from him in 1886, and soon

Japanese atrength at 300,000 men and
100,000 reserves. He believed there were
atill 180,000 troops in Japan.

He did not doubt that. the Japanese
would storm and take Port Arthur as they
did Kinchau. The heroism of the Japanese
soldiers was unequalled, ahd they Were
splendid marksmen. The army Organite-
tion was splendid, and the officers, who
were very intelligent, were admirable
leaders. He instructed siz Japanese offi-
on BPE ee peat amas
him, ly bécame
tSachers. me % ee relations must not be dis-

because of his family.

Neither the doctor nor the ettorney men-

nao ana
Russia's Warning te Chinese.
Spectal Cadle Despatch to Tun Son.

 

 

 

lone. of any destruction are to be fined. If the} it is explained that Mr. Jerome's in- OCEAN RATE WAR, (|. | SROBiSn ot the pecesaiy of eeuteccign (or. | efter married Jones, who hed just been! Gen, Bell estimates that fully thirty-five
Gen. Kouropatkin is still at Liaoyang, | offence is repeated the villages are to be | gistence that criminal proceedings be 7 the fase rine or therefore, Theos greduated from Harvard. men were in the ambushing party. Of

. It was
North Atlantic Conference Lines Jotn in } officials hold, for the

 

 

but he has thrown out @ screen of 10,000 | destroyed end bi beongh followed Ba ceric fi wen officials hold. for the Sultan to door promise | pypeRTY BELL AT THE FAIR. | this number the following were

troops to the southward as a precaution = neers being Cutting Prices. the Bp yyy tens vernmecs John James, Goldfield; John Hogan, non-
' : dapancee Securities Advance. to tear it up by the roots once for all. Special Cable Despatches to Tam SUN. Mt A Parade and Special Exercises Held in

against Gen. Kuroki’s movements. There Codie Deopateh to Tun Ovx “If this woman's etory is ever told, there| J ee or the melyaod of ne ‘ ite viewed union mgn of Victor; Herbert Hard, mem-

are daily confileta between the Russtan and | roxoze, June seJapeness soourities | will be nothing else talked of for days.” | gon states that 8A telegram from Lon. | reed upon 's poly in. the. Perdicaris oe y Thousands. =| ber of Miners’ Union No. 40 of Cripple

Japanese scouts. showed an advance of % on the stock market | said a man familiar with the facta in the] goamship companies belonging to the | 0M? wah they intend to adhere unless | ST. Louis, June 8.—Liberty Bell day | Crock; H. Lang, member of Miners’ Union

circumstances should compel «@ _ | proved to be a star attraction at the world’s
Ree AS eee a which was | While it will insist that the Sultan of Mo- | fair, The bell arrived early this morning,
19 last February by the Hamburg- | rocco shall give p 1 to the lives and | and was taken to the Hotel Jefferson, where
American, Holland-America, North Ger- | property of American citizens in his boss it remained until the parade tad ‘at

man Lloyd and Red Star lines, held a meet- | Sessions, the Government does not in Mae
yeste: ided to fc to permit itself to be forced to accept the | 1:90 o'clock.
kok cal terme of Ralsull, even at the risk | The procession moved to the Piaza x.
Ree ek has wih Maan Lee ee end Lain 3S the At eran, wise tne ome
passage to £2 and the American L To submit to the bandit chief's ds 9 a: special chorus
a ee rer ame, *O As re heavy, ransom be paldy and that in | Yoloes aed the ra ae pes enol
Lonpon, June &—Mr. J. Bruce Ismay, iat fed gy anny ag alae a the ceremonies in the plaza the bell was
president of the International Mercantile | men For past and present offences and | safely placed in the Pennsylvania State
Marine Company, in an interview said that | | over a specited saat would be | building, where it was viewed by thousands
the Atlantis combination had not quar-| degrading, the Tresdsot aoe mained scl | of people.
relled with the Cunard Steamship Com- be coe 0 ch oxirear=

pany. The new movement was not di- | 2, be coerosd into granting sues Sat the | HIS BELLBOYS MISSING.
wil

rected against the Cunard Line. The | lives of American citizens ll be sacrificed.
i ‘ Preprictor ef Syracuse Hetel Feund Them
quarrel originated between the Conti There ia excellent authority for the state. _ in the Wi Room Intextcated.

nental and Cunard lines, but it was im-| ment that even if it were convinced
possible to limit the effect of such a drastic Reieull intended to kill not only Perdica Bynacuse, June 8.—A new:force of bell-

step as the Continental Line had taken, Bat maey. other Americans, the Uni boys went on duty at thé Vanderbilt Hotel
and self protection compelled the Atlantic | bow to will, Should there be any such to-day after having taken a pledge never

No. 40 of Cripple Creek; John Hard, tmem-
ber Miners’ Union No. 40, Cripple Oreels;
James Duffy, member Miners’ Union No.
40, Cripple Craek; Roy Cavanaugh, mem-
ber Miners’ Union No. 40, Cripple Creek;
Fred Keir, méiaber Miners’ Union No. 4,
Cripple Creek; Harry Boaz, non-union.
Goldfield; 71. H. Moore, mémber Victor
Miners’ Uiion No. 82; Vic James, Goldfield,
member Miners’, Union No. 82 of Viotor,;
G. Porce, member Miners’ Union No. 382,
Victor; A. D. Hemingway, member Minéra’
Union No. 40,Cripple Creek; William French,
member Miners’ Union No. 40, Cripple
Creek.

District Attorney's possession.
WOMAN ALMOST MOBBED.

The arraignment of Mrs. Elias yester-
day was the usual formal one, merely for
of fixing bail. It would not
have been out of the ordinary had it not
been for the public curiosity which has
been so arouged that she was almost
mobbed when she appeared on theftreet.

She had spent the latter part of the night
in the Mercer street police station. Her
lawyer, Washington Brauns, didn’t hear of
her arrest until he got up yesterday morn~
ing. Soon after his visit to her at the
station house, preparations were made to
take her to the police court. Mercer street
was full of a crowd waiting to seo her, as
ff she were a parade. The policé hadn't
expected it, and it wae all Capt. Tighe
and his force could do to clear any space
at all around the station house. When

to-day, on @ rumor that Port Arthur had

A deapatch to the Morning Post from
ee deen captured.

Shanghai says that the Russians who were
marching south under Gen. Stackelberg
were repulsed near Wafungtien on Saturday
and retired to Tashichiao.

The Tokio correspondent of the Ohron-
icle says that the Germans at Kiauchau
are supplying Port Arthur with ammunition
by means of junks. The correspondent
adda that four Japanese gunboats ap-
proached Port Arthur and found that the
Fecent explosions were due to attempts to
clear the entrance. ,

Ten thousand Russians have gone south
from Haicheng to Kalping. Japanese
stock is rising at Tokio

The Daily Mirror says that early this
morning a member of the Japanese Le-

 

KILLED BY JEALOUS WOMAN.

Mre. Richardeen Murdered by the Commen
Law Wife of Her Husbend’s Brother.
Paraps rat, June 8.—Jealousy led to

the murder to-day of Mrs. Leonard Rich-

ardson by Mary Landis, who, the police
say, is the common law wife of George

Richardson, brother of the dead woman's

husband.
The Richardson brothers are employed

as bricklayers and have always been fast
friends. Leonard lives at 340 Christian

street and George at Fifth and Montrose, a

short distance away. They frequently

visited each other, although the women
were never intimate.
Mary Landis looked with disfavor upon

 

F

 

CARLEY’S RELATIVE IN ATTAOK.
Carley lived at Cripple Creek and was
married. He formerly conducted a saloon

 

i the visite of George Richardson to his appeared th of the | combination to do something. tragedy Government will act, and act | to take a drink of any kind of intoxicating
gation admitted that news of the fall of § and finally accused h the women oO the etme — in no uncertain way. It would hesitate uot whil Joyed at the hotel. This | #* Breckenridge, Col. He was a brother-in-
brother’s house, lly im | station house between Detective Sergeants td Be nioaned ae on or ta San pote ro | law of George Ditmor, one of the deputies

Port Arthur might come at any moment.
He said there was reason for believing
that it might be received some time to-
day. Headded: °The messages yesterday
showed that the position of the fortress
is very serious, and that it cannot with-
stand attack long.”

When asked if the legation would publish
the news as soon as it was received, he eaid
it would not, as certain matters would
have to be first considered, but there would

DOWIE CAN'T GET A HALL. to send a punitive ion into
‘eaapelereeie agains Hi and his and fervent! Joh
ab Ce ; Barnett, yesterday after he
Unable to Hold a Public Meeting in Lon. | hopes that a contingency ding prietor, John
a course will not resented, but it is ad- | thought his bellboys had gone on strike.
Pe Sar | apo mitted thas eceiet Ag of the sort a not be- No trace of them could be found until,
Special Cable Despatch to er yon @ scope ability. ‘ i
LONDON, June 8,—John Alexander Dowie's | ‘The greater ‘iitetthood ia that, should the palsed ee alder ee a Y ds os aks
London major domo said to-day that Dowie at ea ca faeae, Ween Joe ean auee wine cellar in an advanced state of intoxica-
oe eae on phy Aer er is, peor ge A ee pene . Galas o wort tion, A guard was placed over them, and
. employmien a “ ‘
porter without a written guarantee from | fordes of the United States would be found, hai ap = ee Msi to oy were escorted
his editor that a proof of the interview | perhaps through an agreement that France s

cal be submitted to him before publica- pertoen Palen on account of her WHITE CAPS FOR HIGH UP COPS.
on.

of paying too much attention to his sister-
in-law. | ;

When George returned for his neonday }-
meal to-day, the woman upbraided him
as usual, When he left, she followed him.
Passing his brother's house George called
to him to hurry. Mrs. Richardson ap-
peared and smiled at him.

The Landis‘ woman sprang forward,
drawing from the folds of her dress a carv-
ing knife. Mrs. Richardson fied up the
street, with the other in pursuit, for two

Fogarty and Flannery, the crowd yelled:
“Hello, Hannah. How do you feel?”
With the police pressing back the crowd

the detectives led the woman down the

steps and to a waiting carriage. When
the carriage started to thread its -way
among the trucks that had stopped and
were loaded with sightseers, a rush was
made for the vehicle. Arms and faces
were stuck through the windows of the
carriage. Some men even pulled at tho
woman's drees. The windows were finally

in Gen. Bell's party.

The soldiers and deputies captured three
guns, the rest being led away by those
of the party in ambush who escaped ia the
hills. The troops searched the vicinity
for two hours, byt could find no more men.

The train with Gen. Bell's party, .the
prisoners and Carley’s body returned to |
Cripple Creek shortly before 7 o'clock
to-night. ; :

    
  
 
 
   
 
  
  
  
 
 

the brothers vainly trying to d the carriage went on, with @ UNNVILLE BOOM TOWN,
be no undue delay. Raney olosed an ' Dowie will probably leave for New York SULTAN YIELDS. Plenty of Geld, Toe, for ‘o- D Ph] we,
er crowd by the middle of next week. He will not ia + cers’ Summer Reofs. away

Dunaville came into prominence last week
when it was reported that free gold in grest
quantities had been discovered there, and
there was an immediate rush to the place
by union men, who declared that none but
union members should be permitted in the
camp.

The camp was of mushroom growth, and

tagging.

In front of, the Criminal Courts Building
another crowd had gathered. “Here comes
Hannah,” they yelled. There were more
police here—twenty men drawn on purpose
from four precincts. When the oourt
room was packed, the extra police ined up
before the doors and turned the rest of the
crowd away,
COMMONPLACE LOOKING PERSON IN COURT.

The woman was cool enough. She wore
a thin half veil, but evidently with no desire

Mrs. Richardson, exhausted, finally
sought refuge !n a real estate office on
Fourth street, where her pursuer followed.
There was a short struggle, and then the
brothers saw Mrs. Landis appear and fling
the knife into the etreet: Following her
came Mrs. Richardeon, who fell dying to
the pavement. The mufderess was cap-
tured after a chase.

THINKS FORTRESS MUST FALL,

All that seems certain from all these
reports is the fact that there has been beavy
firing at Port Arthur, on which Gen.:Oku
is tightening his grip day by day. European
opinion is now. more unanimous than ever
that the fortress must fall. The only
Point now debated is whether the Japanese,
after a short, furious bombardment, will
take it by assault, sacrificing the necessary
lives for the sake of the time to be gained,
or wait somewhat longer until it falls like
ripe fruit into thelr hands.

speak publicly in London, because he is | Decides te Grant Ratsali’s Demande fer| The instructors, captains and sergeants

unable to secure a hal).

British Denisnd on the Sultan.
Special Cable Despatch te Tam Sux.
CONSTANTINOPLE, June 8-Sir Nicholas
O'Conor, the British Ambassedior here; had
a long interview with the Grand Visier on
Monday. He insisted upon the immediate
cessation of the punishment of Armenians
and the pillaging and destruction of vil-
lages in the Sasun district. The French and
Russian’ Chargés d’Affaires have made
sim: representations.
a.

ilar ns
Me a Re a a

 

Spectal Cable Despatch to Tus Sun. to provide themselves with the new summer
TaNnaiuk, June 8.—News from a person | caps, They will be shaped like the new

of ee This ful one of Raisuli’s city embroidered

on ¢ in gold,
Lonpow, June 9.—A despatch to the The peak and coat of arma will bé fastened | the thousand who encamped there in the
1 iar roma. "oe ae ray news Pe wire which will be provided with | first two days of its existence dwindled
fensauring. The despatch adds, after | elle WAP Tack OPE. away to fifty or a hundred in aday.
the
’ in

 

, Caleage Has Twelve Fires at Once.
CH10400, June 8,—Twelve fires, believed
to be incendiary, which started almost
simultaneously this afternoon, entailing
@ loss of over $100,000, destroyed three large
concerns on the narthwest side and made

announcin, Giomiomy! of the Governor | Cautious About te “Open @hep".Strike,, en. Bell expressed the opinion but s
niger and gpposntment Bostox, Mase, Sune Sands seve day or 60 ago that the camp was nothing

 

 

    

her railing
There could be no more indi- Her clothes were better than those of but a decoy and was to be used by the miners

. slgnidoant indi- | many families homeless. The Gres started | average prisoner of het! race and wat 5 Govararootl ud an a base of operations.
of credence given at the London @took, the @remen contimed to Sight the |. Soars Ae ; oon snoven, wep N.Y. "et ihe epeedy release of FIGHT LATRB AT BIG BULY, HILL
sehen taisy sistemas rata = ie pS E RES ES ne : es deve bei place ei showman
4, te ¥ ee Sagat . ; aN ‘ \ a < i *

Re es BAN Vat a a es cB Dy et Ki ie D eS J > te ia a POA aaa ah ji was de i posts aL Lt wad hi Sate YZ 4 Tete . é .

: i vr fs ich ok rg ute om . ign hey ee Bi ay ~ i ' ye