tin iinet

Senta

meinen aie

aa S aetelite oor ie
iia cmnmmnel

 

su ats oe

~

A ee TSE

ee. —

-

‘ for

» street

ure Bianchi's story of the domestic diffi-

sé

a letter written in Italian and
sprawling and unsteady hand. The letter,
as by Vincent T. . an of-
fier of the Ge society and a son-in-law
of Cella, read as follows:

bear Brotwer: Pardon me if I've done
any harm to youandall. I[—it is impossible
with the life that I do im my house, and I
praf you to tell my daughters and stepson.
Tell my. wife to try to be well. I ask you
all pardon, but I cannot any longer. Make |
my funeral private and haye me placed in
the carriage of the dead. ‘Bury me in my
ground at the Greenwood Cemetery. That
isthe ground. Adieu for ever,
GrrouaMo,

The police allowed Domenioo Cella to go
to his home and notified Coroner Julius
eapeureer at 30'clook, The Coroner went
around to the store and made an investiga-
tion with his physician, Dr. Schultz. e
Coroner found that a trail of blood led from
near the door of the office to the place where
the body was lying. He discovered also that
inthe cellar there was a carboy of the con-
cehtrated sulphuric acid, such as was found
in the bottle on the table in the office. In
wihé stores such acid is used in diluted
to cleanse bottles.

. Schultz after a ouaety examina-
tion of the body convinced the Coroner
that it would have been impossible for
one bent on suicide to have inflicted the
hammer blow and drunk the poison also,
but he said that if the hammer blow had
been inflicted by some one else the poison
could have been forced down the throat
of the dying man by one anxions to cover
evidences of hia deed. After making an
autopsy on the body later in the day Dr.
Schultz made this report to the Coroner:

4 fracture of the skull an inch depressed
waa found onthe top of the skull and another
contused wound of the scaip at the base of |
tha head, to the right. In the stomach wasa
urge quantity of sulphuric acid, which in
‘uy opinion was in‘ected there after the ham- }
mer blow had been atrauck, as a blind. 1}
thoreughiy agree with the Coroner that
Gerolamo Cella was murdered

Coroner Harburger ordered Capt. O'Reilly
of the Mercer atreet station to place Domen-
ice Cella under arrest as a material wit-
negs. He was taken before Magiat rate
utts in the Jefferson Market court yes-
terday morning and remanded to the Coro- |
ner, who held him under $1,000 bonds. Bail |
was provided and Cella was released.

Information which was brought to the
oroner later in the day and which he turned
ver to the police led them to go to the!
home of Cesire Bianchi, the stepson of }
thea.dead man, who lives at 39 Grand street
in a house owned by (ella, and arrest him..,
die was held as a witnesa without bail.

Blanchi told the detectives a story of |
domestic troubles between himself, his ;
mother and stepfather which had led to

quarrel more than a month ago and had
caused strained relations between the
two families since. He said that after his
fether bad died thirty years ago and his
mother had married Cella shortly after-
ward he lived with his stpfather and two
helf sisters born of the second marriage
in the Célla apartments at 25 and 27 Wooster
Some time ago he himself mar-
ried and brought his wife to the Cella home.

Last summer, Bianchi said, Mrs. Cella
ty lieved that she had reason to distrust
hor husband because of his relations with
her son Cesare's wife while they were all
staying at Rockaway. Later Mrs. Cella
«»clared she had discovered further evi-
«lonees of her husband's infidelity and after
a violent quarrel with his mother Bianchi
moved with his wife to the Grand street
house. He disclaimed having had any
words with his stepfather and said that he
tyolieved his mother’s suspicions to have
been utterly groundless, e did not leave
hie home on Grand street after 10 o'clock
on Saturday night, Bianchi added, and his
wife corroborated him in this.

Domenico Cella and Vincent Pisarra,
‘ella’s son-in-law, corroborated in a meas-

rn

 

culties in the Cella household. Mrs. Cella
denied that there had been trouble and told
the detectives that her husband could not
have committed suicide as he was always
happy. He was a devout Catholic, she
ot and abhorred the notion of suicide.
Joseph Weber, an attorney of 348 Broad-
way, went to the Mercer street station
esterday afternoon and told Inspector
Ruseell, who bad taken charge of the case,
that on Saturdey afternoon Cella came to
his house at 156 Spring street, seemingly
much agitated, and said that he wished to
. a lawver on the aubject of changing
his will, which was drawn on February 5

ast.

Cella told the lawver that he wanted a

di drawn up which should transfer to his
, Bianchi, a life interest in the tene-
ment at 25 Wooster street, the deed to be
drawn in a manner to corroborate and
atrengthen a provision in his will which
oned the same bequest. Weber sug-
gested that Cella return to him on Monday,
when he would draw up a codicil to Cella’s
will covering the provision desired. Cella
promised that he would see Weber to-day.

“The man seemed very nervous and
distraught,” said Weber yesterday. “He
said he was going to go far away, never to
return. | asked him where he thought of
going and he said that possibly it might be
to Italy. He gave no hint of his reasons
for wanting to go.”

Working on the theory that Cella was
murdered the detectives ran - against a
snag yosterday in the shape of the letter
found in thé dead man’s overcoat. Both
Domenico Cella and Vincent Pisarra identi-
fied the handwriting and the signature as
u btedly that of Cella. Because of the
disjéiited diction of the letter and the
ciroumstances believed to surround its
writing the detectives inclined to the belief
that it was written under duress while the
man who intended to commit murder was
standing by Cella’s side and possibly dic-
‘ating it.

DEVIDED ON

 

SUNDAY WORK.

 

Actors Union for It; Others Are Opposed.
A report made on behalf of the Working-
roen’s State Federation yesterday that ite
executive council had decided to propose
three bills modifying the Sunday law created
a slight fuss at yesterday's meeting of the
Central Federated Union. The report said:

“Organized labor stands unequivocally
pledged to promote any movement for
the shortening of the hours of days work,
and the days in a week in which work is
to be done, and also to oppose any move-
ment which has for its object the length-
ening Of the same.” *

Henry De Veaux of the Actors National
Protective Union made a protest against
the action of the federation. He said that
it. was brought about through the action
of the delegates of the Theatrical
‘ive Union, and that the meeting of the
tederation was not unanimousin the matter,
Herman Robinson aud other members of
the federation said that the action was
perfectly unanimous.

De Veaux moved that Gov. Hughes be
asked to veto any bill for rigid Sunday
closing, as if would deprive many hun-
dreds of vaudeville actors of work on Sun-
day. Robinson said that the Actors Na-
tional Protective Union was only one union
wad Delegate Harris said that a question

of sunday in already
covered b: :
it was funily desided Xo ‘maak tho mmatior |

a special order of business next Sunday.
RAID ON ALDERMAN’S SALOON, |

EE — — LS <A

 

 

 

Yavid Rendt's Tompkinsville Bartender in
8 Bingham Roundup.

Commissioner Bin. had detectives
from some of the othe? boroughs making
e<ciso violation arrests in Richmond last
night. The firet place entered was that
ot Alderman David Rendt, on Bay street,
Tompkinsville. ‘The detectives called for
pose and arrested George Bender for serv-
nga it. {

Cipt. Linden of the Stapleton station |
after was brought io making |

arrests on own account,

ee lee eee
ie lids so ab

 

  

TIED BOY BURGLAR HIMSELF

Among
Lead Pencils

VENUS

stands for the

highest Quality
obtainable.

     
    
 
   
    

  

       
  
 
  
  

   
 
  
 

  

 

    

 

SO SAYS LEADER OF BANDCAUGAT
IN A SHACK,

 

Policefhan Heard That

  

]| 70 1nves

|
THE HOUSE CANNOY PERMIT IT

‘ : pe -

   

 

TO GO UNNOTICED.

Newspaper Men Included in His Charges,
Wit Also Make a Thorough Investiga-
tlen—The Reporter Whose Statements
Lilley Denled Says They Are True.

WasHIneTon, Feb. 23.—It is expected
that when the House of Representatives
meets to-morrow there will be develop-
mints in connection with the allegations
of Representative George L. Lilley of
Connecticut, a member of the Committee
on Naval Affairs, that the Electric Boat
Company of New Jersey had influenced
legislation concerning submarine torpedo
boats. These allegations have not been
; made formally, although Representative
j Lilley has offered a resolution for an in-
' quiry, but statements attributed to Mr.

Lilley implicating other members of the

House have been in circulation ever since

An Eaveedr
” mane ay Ret Helped Rob Dr. Ran- his resolution was offered last Thureday,

dall, but He Arrested Them Just the
Same—sSix Prisoners With Boastfa) Chief

1f Patrolman William Scheer of the Glen-
dale precinct had slept more soundly yes-
terday morning or the boys had abstained
from beer and loud talk two dress suit
cases fat with loot still would be peeping
from beneath a tumble down cot at 12 La-
fayette street, Glendale.

The discussion that made Policeman
Scheer forget that it was his day off was all
about the bold burglary on Thursday last
in Dr. E. T. Randall's house at 189 Hancock
street, Brooklyn. The policeman listened
for a while and then telephoned the doctor.
The doctor told police headquarters,
and Detective Woods of the State street
bureau was soon hurrying out to the
old shack in Lafayette street, which serves
many purposes and is sort of coaxed along
by Rhinehart Scheer, brother of the police-
man who eavesdropped.

Detective Wood found Patrolman Scheer
in a room filled with smoke and the fumes
of beer guarding six nervous boys. An-
thony and Rhinehart Scheer, brothers of
the policeman, were two of them. Maxzi-
millian Harkshein, 19 years old, of 1732 |
Gates avenue; Oscar Heckle, 19 years old,
of 570 Linden avenue, Peter Alster of 638
Ralph street and Albert Siefert were the |
others.

Albert, 17 years old, says that he was
selected to lead the raid on the doctor's

| house because of his experience. He owned

up when the quizzing began at Brooklyn
headquarters, while young Anthony Scheer
nearly choked on a very hard lump and al-
most cried when Mrs. Randall took him by
t#@® shoulders and said she didn't believe
a word of it. Rhinehart Scheer enoo'

the boy by prodding him with a cru
until it was hard to tell whether pain or
pride caused his lip to tremble.

But Siefert didn't even grin. He was too
old a hand for that. He preferred to ex-
patiate on his ca: as a hobo and freight

. When why he had given
the gang away he gave a careless shrug and
said:

“Oh I've been there before. If I"hadn’t
peached somebody else would. I just got
there first, that’s all.”

Siefert said that the opie to rob Dr. Ran-
dal) originated with Rhinehart Scheer, the
lame caretaker of the Lafayette street
shack. He said that he had met Rhinehart
in a pool parlor in Glendale and had told him
of his many escapades in the South, West
and East; that Scheer had nay warmed
up to his tales of easy money and a happy
go lucky life and suggested that a few
real choice young fellows whom he would
introduce should rob a house in the Bedford
section of Brooklyn where his younger
brother worked. Siefert said that he was
agreeable and soon ‘ard was intro-
duced to Anthony.

Anthony says that Siefert didn’t rob the
doctor's house and that he, Anthony, didn’t
let an ay Ay him up as a ruse. Siefert
says that did rob the house, that he,
Alster and Heckle went there in the absence
of the doctor and his family, were shown
over the place by Aueny one finally
bound the boy with medical moe after
they had filled the suit cases with loot
valued at $2,000.

Siefert tells of other jobs. He says that
he robbed a freight car in Bin ton of
some shoes last July and made the mistake
of nS pair. They were found on
him when he returned to the train yards to
go to sleep in a-car and he was locked up
in the Binghamton jail. Later he escaped
with seven other ners, but was recap-
tured. He was released in October on a
sus led sentence. He says that his
mother lives in Goerck street, Manhattan
—-he doesn’t want to tell just where because
she is going to marry again and he doesn’t
want to queer her.

The other prioners deny Siefert's story,
sae the loot was found in the room
with them. The doctor seems inclined
to believe his youthful driver innocent.
‘The boy had worked for him for two years,
he said, and he was perfectly willing to
take him home and be responsible for his
appearance in court.

yhen the residence of Dr. Randall was
entered last Thursday young Scheer, the
doctor's driver, was alone in the house.
At @ o’olock in the evening he ran next
door and told Henry Altenbrand, a brother
of Mrs, Randall, that he had been struck
over the head with a blackjack by two
burglars who then had dragged him down
to the kitchen and tied him to a table with
ropes. He said that he finally had suo-
ceeded in releasing himself and hurried
upstairs to find that the strangers had

copepod. .

When the police questioned Scheer at
that time he appeared still frightened by
his alleged experience, but didn't seem to
be hurt much. He repeated his story in
detail and gave the police a minute descrip-
tion of his alleged assailants. The robbers
got a varied assortment of jewels belonging
to Mrs. Randall and other members of the

family.

__inehart fer and young Marteisia
charged with vagrancy and the ot

four prisoners w th burgiasy. -

BISHOPS’ LAW ‘RAIDS.

Twelve Newark Saloons Invaded by Sherift
Sommer’s Depaties.

Sherif Frank H. Sommer of Easex county
-— —_ deputies raided twelve
saloons in Newark yesterday for violatin
the Bishops’ law. The polles had not bees
core raid made | part of th

8 were le in ev of the
city and over forty witnemaen were taken
with proprietors or bartenders. Six of the
saloon keepers gave $1,000 bail each for

 

Ser L : ae in court oe. un
witnesses were paroled or fur-
nominal! bail. z

nished

FLORIDA

LAST WINTER TOUR

for the Season

Pennsylvania RR,

Leaves New York

March 3, 1908

Round $50 Trip

SPECIAL PULLMAN TRAIN

to Jacksonvil'e, Tickets ars returning on
reguiar trains until May 81.

For particulars congult
263 Fifth Avenue,

       
    
            

Studds, a
ow York diye ”

    
     
 

{

Ai ie | ey ee ea

and the matter apparently has gone so far
that it cannot be permitted to pass un-
noticed.

In addition to members of Congress, Mr.
Tdlley’s allegations include newspaper men
who have the privileges of the press gal-
leries of the House and some of whom have
the privileges of the floor. Mr. Lilley'’s
inclusion of these newspaper men in the
submarine boat matter was the outcome
of a statement which appeared in a Wash-
ington despatch printed in Tar Sun of
Saturday that in conversation Mr. Lilley
had accused Representative Sherman of
New York, Chairman of the Republicau
Congressional campaign oommittee, of
being “in on the graft” in connection with
the submarine boat legislation, and Repre-
sentative Griggs of Georgia, former chair-
man of the Democratic Congressional cam-
paign committee, had “fixed” Represen-
ative Williams of Misiasippi and Represent-
ative De Armond of Missouri.

Some newspapers this morning printed
an account of an incident which occurred
yesterday, when Mr. Lilley, in the pres-
ence of Representatives Sherman, Griggs
and Adamson, denounced as false the
statements attributed to him in Tag Sun's
Washington despatch and accused the
writer of that despatch of being in the em-
ploy of the Electric Boat Company. The
New York World, in a Washington de-
—- printed this morning, gives the name
of the member of Taz Sun's Washington
staff accused oe Mr. Lilley of being in the
employ of the Electric Boat pengene.

In view of the article in the World and
statements made by Mr. Lilley indicating
that other newspaper men were in the em-
ploy of or under the infiuence of the Elec-
ric Boat Company the standing commit-
tee of Washington correspondents will
begin to-morrow an investigation of the
case as far as it affects members of the
press gallery.

Pending the inquiry, by the Standin
Committee of Correapondenta, which wi
be thorough, it is regarded as proper to
say that the member of Tue Sun's Washing-
ton staff accused by Representative Lilley
of having been in the employ of the Electric
Boat Company says that he is not now and
never has been employed by that concern
and that he never received a dollar from it.
This member of Tur Sun's Washington
staff asserts also that the statements
attributed to Mr. Ldlley, which reflected
u Representatives Sherman, Griggs,

illiams and De Armond were je to
him by Mr. Lilley last Thursday night,
when he was sent to Mr. Lilley to verify
an interview with the Connecticut Con-
oa in regard to his resolution for an
inguiry into the yap oy methods alleged
to have been used by the Electric Boat Com-

y. A full statement in response to Mr.

Ney’s accusations has been made by the
accused member of THE Sun's Washington
staff to the Washington correspondent of
Tar Sun.

In view of the publication of the accounts
of Mr. Lilley’s accusation against a mem-
ber of Tas Sun's Washington staff it is
desired in_this despatch to avoid any com-
ment on the character of the charges upon
which Mr. Lilley based his resolution for
an inquiry into the alleged methods of
the Electric Boat Company in connection
with submarine boat legislation. That
the inquiry will be ordered no doubt is
felt here. The resolution presented by
Mr. Lilley has been expl@ited too widely
to permit of its sup ion. It is expected
that the inquiry will develop many inter-
esting circumstances in connection with
meetings of the Committee on Naval Affairs
and Mr. Lilley’s part therein.

At a special meeting of the standing
committee of corregpondents held to-night
it was decided to suspend two newspaper
men pending an ingr? into accusations
of Representative Lilley that they were
in the employ of the Electric Boat Com-
pany.

G. J. COREY OUT FOR TAFT.

Says He's the Candidate for the National

Commercial and Industrial League.

George J. Corey, president of the Na-
tional Commercia! and Industria! League,
issued an address yesterday declaring
that the league ought to support Secretary
Taft for President.

President Corey announced that the
league has a membreship of 200,000 com-
mercia! travellers and business men. Its
offices are at 11 Broadway. It supported
McKinley in 1896 and 1900 and Roosevelt
in 1004, Mr. Coreys address says that
the coming national campaign “will be
brought out on new lines with a new or-

nization composed of men uncontrolled

y the old leaders.” He goes on

Let us not delude ourselves with the idea
that the nomination of a good ticket by the
Chicago convention will be equivalent to an
election. We must bear fn mind that Mr.
Bryan is not the “Boy Orator of the Platte”
any longer. He has matured and gained by
his great experience in contact with the people
of our country and the brightest intellects
of Europe and the Orient. Where formeriy
the rabble only flocked to hear him now
many of the best and soundest people gladly
listen and pay tribute to his talents. He is
not a demagogue; he is a Christian gentle-
man and the reforms that he stands for and
has earnestly advocated for years have at
last become the policies paramount of the
administration of President Boosevelt.

Considering the great problems that will
confront the next Administration we firmly
believe that by reason of his preeminent
ability, bis experience and temperament
William H,. Taft of Ohio is the best equipped
man to-day before the American people for
this highest office. That he is the logical
candidate of the party is the consensus of a
large majority of the active members of our
organization. They find in Secretary Taft
a candidate who meets and solves present
day conditions; whose experience on the
bench, in the Philippines and in the Cabinet,
coupled with indefatigable industry and a
genius for administration, combine to pre-
eminently fit him for the Chief Magistracy.

it is apparent that the party wants a candi-
date who is thoroughly capable and zealously
willing to carry out the policies inaugurated
by the Roosevelt Adininistration. It is
equally apparent thai the failure to nominate
euch a candidate rendera it possible for Mr.
Bryan to carry several Northern States.

The ariticism that Mr. Taft is being forced
upon ¢he party by the President is pnintiess
io ao intelligent mind familiar with condi-
tions. We recognize the fact that he is the
choice of President Roosevelt and that as a
friend and well wisher he is doing for Judge
Taft what Mr. Hanna did for Mr, McKinley,
We do not find that the President ia using
Federal patronage to further the candidacy
of Mr. Taft and confidently look forward to
his early nomination without the interposition
of the I’resident. We also believe that his
nomination is an assurance of party success
and that as Presidént he will enforce and carry
out to their conclusion in udicial manner
the great policies of reformation and regula-

tion inaugurated under the present Adminia-
tration,

Ne en a ee ee

: CASE

   

m os b ' « ry
UNDP AL, PED pl

TRAIN KILLS SIX AT CRO

Continued from Firat Page.

  

 

 

| mile below the station. the flagman and

some of the West Nyack townspeople who

| weve wakened by ‘the crash were doing
what they could near the station. The
two Singer sisters and May, the driver,
were lying in the ditch on the east side of
the track. The bodies of the young women
were badly disfigured. Reith, who was
one of the three sitting on the front seat,
had been thrown more than fifty feet to
the right, over a fence into an empty lot.

Telephone calls had been sent immediately
after the accident to Nyack and Spring
Valley, asking that doctors be hurried to
the scene. There is no physician in West
Nyack, which is only a hamlet. Justice
of the Peace William Scheck, who lives
within fifty feet of the crossing, imme-
diately threw open his house, but it needed
only a hasty examination to show that
there was no hope for the four who had
been tossed from the wagon.

Theif? bodies were taken to the station
and this work was going on when the sec-
ond stage loaded with men drove up. They

| hadn’t any idea that there was anvthing
wrong and when the news was broken to
them they were almost insane. They
started first for the flagman, ens to
kill him. He protested that he had done
his duty, but finally their threate became
so alarming that he asked Se to be
relieved and hurried away to his home.
Some of the grief stricken Spring Valley
men from the second 8 hu down
the tracks to find out the fate of the other
members of the party. while others called

up the homes of the

Coroner Percival Van Norden arrived
on the scene at about 2 o'clock, but before
then the Mountain Express had
again for Weehawken. The injured ones
were still in the gage car.

The train crew had decided that they
could get. medical relief for them quicker
y rushing them to the city than by waiting
‘or the arrival of doctors who lived four
or five miles away. Engineer Turner him-
self again took the throttle. Not a stop was
made between Weat Nyack and Weehawken
the run of thirty miles having been covered
in about that many minutes. Engineer
Turner was used up when he di down
from his cab at the end of the run and saw
the North Hudson Hospital ambulances
taking the injured. Jeanette Palmer had
died ‘ore the train reached Weehawken
and her body was removed to an under-
taking establishment. Mn

Coroner Van Orden held a preliminary
inquest in the West Nyack station at 2
‘clock in the morning. The an told
He ‘said that it wasn't
dropped and
up, thus permitting

his sory ae
possible that one
the other remai
the carryall to drive onto, the tracks but
blocking it from getting off. The flagman
said alao, it is understood, that he had lights
on the gates. ;

It was the belief of the railroad people
that the carryail had come down the little
decline leading to the tracks at a good
speed and that the driver had failed to
notice that the gates were down. The
railroad officials say further that the horses
and carryall must have broken through
the east gate and landed squarely in front
of the train.

The east gate was broken near the mid-
dle, it being a single piece gate, and the
railroad people say that that bears out
their theory. The gate on the west side was
broken into mong pieces, indicating that
the horses dashed madly into it after the
carryall had been hit. stumps of both
gates were sticking up in the air after the
accident, but that was only natural, as the
counter weights would aay them up after
a piece had n broken off.

The horses ran for nearly four miles into
the town of Spring Valley, dragging
the pole and = one wheel of the
carryall with them. Charles Young, the
owner of the team, discovered them a few
minutes after he had received word of the
accident over the telephone. Young does
not believe that his driver was at fault
He took a drink once in a while, Young
says, but never got into any trouble.

The friends and relatives of the dead
began to arrive at West Nyack before day-
light. The bodies of the four in the sta-
tion were taken to Spring Valley imme-
diately. The two Singer girls will be buried
to-day.

George Slinn died in the North Hudson
Hospital at 3 o'clock yesterday afternoon.

Coroner Van Orden refused last night

to say anything about the case. No arrest
was \.
The accident recalls that of May 30, 1897,
when a party of young men and women
on a tally ho were run into by a Long
Island Railroad passenger train.
the party were Ritled outright, one other
died within a few minutes and half a
dozen or more were seriously injured.
The party were members of the Alpha
Delta Theta Club of Brooklyn. The ac-
cident happened at Valley Stream, L. I.,
on the Merrick road, crossing the track at
grade a quarter of a mile from the atation.

te

Four of

DAMAGES FOR LEASED CONVICT.

Coa) Company Must Pay for Overworking
a State Prisoner.
Feb. 23.—R. A. Keith, an ex-

 

ATLANTA,

$2,500 punitive damages against the Durham
Coal and Coke Company, which leased Keith
from the State of Georgia after he had been
convicted.

Keith was sent up for life for killing a
man who Keith alleged had debauched his
wife. He was pardoned some months ago
and immediately brought suit, alleging
cruel treatment by the lessees and also that
he had been forced to work hours overtime
every day. Keith also alleged that State
wardens at convict camps were paid by
lessees to allow the State laws for the pro-
tection of convicts to be broken.

At the trial Keith substantiated his al-
legations by having State convict officials
put on the stand who admitted that, in ad-
dition to the salaries paid by the State
they also received salaries from the coal
er. Deputy Warden Goode swore
that he had received $75 a month from the
company in addition to the $75 a month
paid by the State. Goode testitied that he
did not know for what purpose the money
was paid to him. He swore that the same
conditions existed at almost every camp
in the State and that State Warden Jake
Moore knew the money was paid by the
company

Revelations of graft in connection with
the convict lease system have caused much
indignation, and Gov. Hoke Smith proposes
to go to the bottom of the scandal.

 

VON STERNBURG TO GERMANS.

Tells Them at Cornerstone Laying to Main-
tain the German Spirit.

Tampa, Fla., Feb. 23.~—Baron Speck von
Sternburg to-day laid the cornerstone of
the new German Club house here. In his
address he pointed out the great part
played by the Gelman element in develop-
ing the United States.

“True Germanism,” he said, “fully covers
German man

. mn nn ee ts is

true Americanism. If the
and the German woman in their hearts
remain true to the German spirit, if they
inculcate it in the souls of their children
and grandchildren, th will best honof
the country of their fa \

“They will then spread in the new father-
land the good German qualities. They
will thereby couiinue to be a sound develop-
ment of the new country and stand forth
with a distinct p and be reckoned
among the best citizens of the New World.”

 

Talk to Y, M. Hi, A. Boys.

The Rev. Samuel Schulman of Temple
Beth-E] talked to the boys of the Young
Men's Hebrew Association yesterday after-
noon on the “Possibilities of Youth.” Dr.
Schulman’s talk was the first in what is to
be a series of Sunday afternoon addresses
by prominent men at the Y. M. H. A. build-
j ing: Over 600 boys attended yesterday's
; “rally,” as the meetings are called.

Se

 
  

convict, has got from court an award

i Ce ne
my data Ta ST

oe ee

ONLY FOUR HAVE GIVEN NOTICE
OF SUCH INTENTION,

 

 

And Twe of These Systems Are in tho
Hands of Recelvers—The President's
Inquiry Inte Cause of Wage Reduction
Wii Nét ring Expected Results.

WasHrnocton, Feb. 23.—It is already

apparent that the inquiry about to be made
by order of President Roosevelt to asoer-
tain the reasons why certain railroads
have reduced or intend to reduce the wages
of their employees will be prolific of re-
suits, but not the kind of results which the
President sought when he addressed his
letter to the Interstate Commerce Com-
mission. *

From information obtained here only
four railroads in the United States have
given notice of an intention to reduce wage
and two of these systems are in the hands
of receivers. All of them operate in South-
eastern territory, namely, the Louisville
and Nashville, the Southern, the Seaboard
Air Line and the Atlantic Coast Line. No
Northern road, so far as known here, con-
templates reducing wages, although many
of them contemplate laying off men as a
result of a falling off in businsess during
the last few months. The same thing is
true, it is learned, of certain roads in the
Middle ang Far West.

| Members of the Interstate Commerce
Commission decline to indicate just what

| form its inquiry in compliance with the
instructions of the President will take. It
is known, however, that the annual reports
of the four roads named above are now
being subjected to close scrutiny in an
effort to develop whether diminished busi-
ness or a desire to get even with the Ad-
ministration or certain States prompted
them to give notice of an intention to reduce
wages.

For some months the roads operating
in the Southern territory have been har-
assed by legislation which made their
passenger business extremely unprofitable
and this,"together with a decline in freight
traffic, so it is explained, resulted in two
of the roads, the Seaboard and the Atlantic
Coast Line, going into the hands of re-
ceivers.

On the return of Commissioner of Labor
Charles P. Neill, who was sent West to
make an inquiry by order of the President,
it will be known just what the facta are in
regard to the attitude of the Chicago Great
Western road toward ita employees. The

statement has been mace here that repre-
sentations were made to President Roose-
velt that the Chicago Great Western in-
tended to slash wages, and this in the face
of revenues that compared favorably with
those of any other line in the United S tates.
This information is said to have come from

W. 8. Stone, chief of the Brotherhood of
Locomotive Engineers, and is said to have
been the immediate provocation for the

action of the President in direeting the
Interstate Commerce Commission to in-
quire into the business of railroads who
were alleged to be proceeding on a course
hostile to the Administration and its poli-
cies. The Chicago Great Western, it has
since been learned by high officials who
should have been advised of the facta, is
not a big revenue producer and has long
been regarded as one of the “lame ducks
in the railway world.

As a measure calculated to make political
capital for the Administration, it is already
realized here that the President's letter
has fallen short of expectations. It has
been demonstrated that there is no con-
certed movement on the part of the rail-
roads to reduce wages, and in fact every
effort is to be made by a number of the big
systems of the country to maintain present
scales as long as possible in the hope that
there will soon be a revival of business.
Thousands of cars are now idle on sidings
in the United States and thousands of
locomotives have gone temporarily out of
commission owing to the decline tn trade
incident to the recent panic. This has
resulted in a layoff of many men, although
only in the instances noted has notice been
given that wages would be reduced.

Firemen to Fight Reduction.
Provrsa, Feb. 23.—Pursuant to a cail
issued by Grand Master John J. Hannahan
of the Brotherhood of Locomotive Fire-
men and Enginemen a meeting of the joint
protective boards of all roads east of Chicago
will be held in Peoria on March 2 to plan a

fight on any attempt to reduce wages.

 

FIRE SCARE IN A HOSPITAL,

 

Bat Order Is Kept in the Post Graduate
While Nearby Tenement Burns.

Two hundred and fifty patients in the Post
Graduate Hospital, at Second avenue and
Twentieth street, got a bad scare last night
when a fire started in a five story tenement
directly opposite and flames shot across from
the burning building and showers of sparks
filled the air. :

Miss Anna Ryker, superintendent of the
hospital, feared to sound a fire alarm lest
the patients, seventy-five of whom were
bedridden, become  panicstricken, and
as soon as she heard the clanging of
the fire engines she sent word to évery nurse
on duty to maintain order in the wards.

The clanging of bells, the tooting of
whistles and the roar outside naturally
aroused the patients, especially those in
the wards facing on Twentieth street, who
could see the flames bursting from the
or floors of the tenement. But absolute
order prevailed throughout the hospital.
All the window shades on the south side
of the hospital were drawn so the patients
couldn't see the flames.

Mies Ryker had orderlies, attendants,
nurses and doctors get everything in
readiness for the speedy t er of the
patients in the event of the fire spreadin,
to the hospital. At the entrance to eac
ward men were stationed with stretchers,
invalid chairs, 40., ready at a moment's
notice to ne A the jienta out of the
hospita], and downstairs in the main cor-
ridor attachés and convalescenta were
lined up waiting to transfer the helpless to
the street.

_ When the firemen got on the job the
ijre was under contro short order.

The tenement which was on fire stands
at the southeast corner of Second avenue
and Twentieth street. From what the
police learned there were two fires which
started simultaneously, one in Delaney’s

lumbing shop on the — floor on
Ecoom id avenue and the other in the apart-
ments of Peter McAllister on the top floor
on the Twentieth street side.

Sixteen families were in the building
and the flames spread so rapidly that no-
body had any time to r Up any elTects
before getting out. two upper floors
were completely burned out, and all the
lower floors were flooded with water.

The nurses’ house next door, at 304-8::6
was menaced by the flames and a squad
of young internes from the hospital went
to the roof and wetted it down until the
danger was over.

Shortly after the fire was under control
Fireman Frank Kilbride of Company
14 was descending from the fourth floor on
a ladder when he missed his footi
third story and fell to the sidewalk. He
escaped with a out nose and alight bruises
and went back to work.
ait Croker estimated the damage at

 

Their Home a Deserted Saloon.

William Lillis, a loungahoreman out of
work, and his wife, Annie, were found yes-
creer neering house with their five chil-
dren in a deserted saloon at 534 Monmouth
street, Je City. Lillis was arrested for
cruelty to children. The Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Chi'dren officers
will withdraw the complaint and try to get
| employment for him.

CUTTING WAGES

   
  

LLL LLLLLLLLLLLLL LLL LL LLL LLL LL LLL LT LLL

|

Ien’t thie ‘a splendid opportunity

‘ to help along — Suit ?
This Sale of

MEN’S TROUSERS

Starting at 8 A. M. to-day

1,600 Pairs of Worsted Trousers

3Q85

300 pairs are $4 trousers
900 pairs are $5 trousers

    
  

Ea ee tk

MIDWINTER SALE

FLINT’S FINE FURNITURE
STILL CONTINUES
Reductions of 33 1-3 to 50% on former prices.
A few examples of Price Reductions.
CHIFFONIERS,

 

From

White Enamel... s90.07, 820.00 |
= 0” 26.00

16.0

@ |
9.00)
6.00 |

Staten Island Tugboat Captain Also Tries
te KIN Himeecif.

George Van Pelt, 32 years old, a tugboat
captain who lives at Richmond terrace
and Lochman avenue, Mariners Harbor,
Staten Island, shot his daughter Ruth, 8
years old, last night and then shot himself.
He may recover, but Dr. Edward Coonley,
who sent the child t6 the S. R. Smith In-
firmary at New Brighton, thinks she has
no chance.

The shooting took place at the home of
J. W. Campbell, 56 Jewett avenue, West
New Brighton. For two months Capt. Van
Pelt and his wife had been living apart.
Mrs. Van Pelt and the little girl were stay-
ing with Mr. Campbell, who is Mrs. Van
Pelt’s father. Last week Mrs. Van Pelt
got an order from Magistrate Handy of
Richmond borough requiring her husband
to pay her $12 a week. The captain at-
tempted to induce her to return home, but
she refused. 7

Between *:30 and 9 o'clock last night
Van Pelt rang the bell of his father-in-law's
home and his wife opened the door. Van
Pelt entered the house and talked query
with his wife, urging her to go home wit
him. She and he then asked per-
mission to talk with their daughter alone.

The child and her father entered a front
room of the house. It ap that as
soon as they were alone an the door closed
Capt. Van Pelt turned out the light and
then fired three pistol bullets into his ab-
comen and shot himself three times in the
n

TROLLEY CARS CRASH ON BRIDGE.

 

 

One Passenger Killed and Fifteen Injure |
—Must of the Victims Women.
Campripog, Ohio, Feb. 23.—One person
was killed and fifteen were injured in a
wreck on the Byesville Interurban Line
early to-day. Several of those injured

probably will die.

As an interurban car was standing on a
bridge thirty feet above a stream it was
struck by a car on the City Line. The
cars were thrown from the rails, but hung
on the edge of the bridge.

Miss Rose Clancey of Guernsey was killed.
Four of the fifteen injured ere women.

The interurban car bound for Byesville,
six miles south of Cambridge, was crowded.
Before reaching the bottom of a hill near

the bridge the trolley left the wire and the
car was stopped on the trestle. The city
car following, which was also loaded, could
not be stopped in time and crashed into the
standing car.

Conductor MoOulley, although his left
arm was dislocated, ran into the city, about
a mile, for help.

_ seroma panen tan popstar patna neatennimmannsnnhg
POSTUM.
AN OLD NURSE
Persaaded Doctor to Drink Postar.

An old faithful nurse and an-experienced
doctor are a pretty strong combination in

 

 

} favor of Postum, instead of coffee.

The doctor said:

“I began to drink Postum five years ago
on the advice of an old nurse.

“During an unusually busy winter, be-
tween coffee, tea and overwork, I became a
victim of insomnia. In a month after be-
ginning Postum, in place of coffee, I could
eat anything and sleep as soundly awa baby.

“In three months I had gained twenty
pounds in weight. I now use Postum alto-
gether instead of coffee; even at bedtime
with a soda cracker or some other tasty bis-
cuit.

“Having a little tendency to Diabetes, I
use a small quantity of saccharine instead of
sugar, to sweeten with. I may add that
today tea or coffee are never present in our
house and very many patients, on my ad-
vice, have adopted Postum as their regular

“In conclusion I can assure anyone that,
as a refreshing, nourishing and nerve-
stréngthening beverage, there is nothing
equal to Postum.” “There's a Reason.”
Name given by Postum Co., Battle Creek,
Mich. Read “The Road to Wellvilie,” in
pkgs. ve

 

|

SS sss sls ls SSS SNe

SESS

Tuna Mahogany

 

NEGRO KILLS POLICE CHIEF.

Lynching Averted by Sheriff, Who Threatens
to Use Rife.

FAYketrevi.ur, N. C., Feb. 24.—Jamea H.
Renton, chief of the Fayetteville police
department, was shot to death this after-
noon by Samuel Murchison, a negro, fol-
lowing an altercation with another negro,
who was also shot, and a woman, who sought
the assistance of the officer.

The negro also fired at several other
who attempted to prevent his escape. The
murderer was finally captured in a ditch a
quarter of a mile from the scene of his
crime. He surrendered without resistance.

It was found that the negro was suffering
from a revolver shot in the right groin,
inflicted by Charles Benton, son of the
murdered officer, who snatched his father’s
visto! from him as he fell and fired at the
ugitive. Several demonstrations were
made against the prisoner as he was being
vonveyed to jail in a bugey. One of these
took place near the jai! when the wheel of
the buggy was broken by an obstruction
and a squad of twenty men closed around
the party, demanding the ner.
Watson repulsed them with his rifle.

Another attack was made when the jail
was reached, the prisoner being sev
beaten in the fight that followed. A de-
tachment of the military is guarding the
jail to-night.

A year ago J. H. Chason, then chief of

police, was shot and killed the spot
at which the shooting coourted. eda

 

 

- —
DIED.

 

BRADLBY.--At the residence of his daughter,
Mrs. E. Murray, 788 St. Mark's av.,
Brooklyn, Daniel Bradiey, in his 75th year.

Notice of funeral hereafter,

BRYAN.—February 22, 1906, Elizabeth Bryaa,
widow of James Bryan.
Relatives and friends are respectfully invited te
attend the funeral from her late residence,
157 East 80th st., Tuesday morning, February
25, 1908, at 9:90, thence to the Churoh of Our
Lady of Good Counsel, Fast 90th st., between
2d and 8d avs., where a solemn requiem mass
will be offered at 10 A.M. Interment in Qal-
vary Cemetery.

BURDEN .—On Friday morning, February 21, 1808
Natice Rives Burden, wife of William P. Bur
jen.
Funeral service will be held at 908 Sth av. New
York city, on Monday morning at 9:45. Rela-

tives and friends are respectfully invited te
attend.

BUSBY.—Entered into rest, on Sunday, February £8,
Mem, Leonard Joseph Busby, in the 63 year of
age.
Funeral service at his late residence, the
ham, 185 Central Park West, on eee a:
ning, February 25, 1908, at 6 o'clock, 18 is re-
quested that flowers be not sent.

GODDARD.—On Friday, February 21, 1908, Joueph
Goddard, formeriy of London, de-
loved husband of Anne I. Smith, in his 60th
year.

Funeral services at his late residence, 446 44th 98..
Brooklyn, on Monday, Kebruary 24, at 8 P, M.
London papers please copy,

MARBLF.—On Sunday, February 28, 1908, James
McNab Marbie, son of William A. and Catharine
A. Marble.

Funeral service will be held at the residence of
Dr. A. R. McMichael, 971 Madison av., on Tues-
ze aenae o at 430 P.M. Intermens as

venience of family. Washington, D. C.
and Boston papers please copy.

SPADONE.—On Saturday, February 22, st his
home, 270 West End av., Amédée Spadone, in
the Gist year of his age, of

Funeral servires will be held Monday morning.
24th inst., at cleven o'clock, at Christ Church,
Broadway and Tist st. Interment Private.
Please omit flowers.

WADE.— Martha, on Saturday morning, February
22, 1008, at the residence of Mrs, Henry A.
Taller, 2 Fast 12th st.

Requiem mass Monday morning 10 o'clock, St.
Ano’s Church, East i2th st. Baltimore papers
please copy.

WAUGH.—At Stamford, Conn., Thursday, Febru-
ary 20, 1908, Dwight Waugh, aged Tl years,
Funeral services will be heid at St. Joha’s Church.
Monday, February 24, at 2:30 P.M. Interment
Woodlawn Cemetery. Col., papers
please copy.

YEAMAN.—On Sunday, February 23 1908, after a
brief Ulness, ‘jeorge Helm Yeaman, in the 79th
year of bis age, at the home of his daughter,
Mrs. Walter Halsted Condict, 180 Jowett av.
Jersey City.

Funeral services at Webb Memorial Chape!,
Madison, N. J., on Wednesday, February
at 3:15 o'clock. D. L. & W. trains leave 21
st. at 1:45 and Barclay st. at 2 o'clock, Inter
ment at the conventence of the family.