Vo

* , >
: ? -

BIGGEST OF COCKFIGHT RAIDS

 

FIGHTY PRISONERS
BARDS SEIZED AT FLAHERTY’'S.

AND 100

 

That Is it Was Fiaherty’s Once-—-Fiaherty
Went Into Politics and Lett His Name
~Patrol Wagons and Autos Cart the
Prisoners to the Bar of Justice.

Brooklyn's love for cockfighting, a love
ehared in many of her sister communities,
as yesterday's developments showed, gave
to one of her neighbors, to wit, Laurel
Hill, the distinction of being the scene
of the biggest cockfight raid ever
made by the American Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Animals. Per-
haps it isn’t fair to lay it all to Brooklyn,
but that borough's traditional devotion
to the sport was certainly borne out by
the list of prisoners, running into the
scores, according to Supt. Freel of the
society, who said deprecatingly as he ran
over the list of arrests: “I'm afraid we shall
have to say that Brooklyn has a little of it.”

From all ever the metropolitan com-
munity of the Greater New York and from
some of the further suburbs had gathered
at a late hour on Saturday night four-
score men of all ages and odnditions to
see a main of proportions to gladden the
hearts of the sports and to sadden those
of the agenta of the prevention of cruelty
society. The rendezvous was at Flaherty’s
Hotel, at the corner of Washington and
‘Townsend avenues, Laurel Hill, just out-
ride the cemetery. The hotel is still in
the telephone directory as S. Flaherty's
Hotel, a name which, according to Mr.
Freel, carries a world of information to
the coekfighting community of the coun-
try. Simon Flaherty, the elder, said Mr.
Freel, was known for many years across
the land to those interested inthis industry,
as he termed it.

“And for other years, until recently,”
Mr. Freel added, and he lingered on the last
words, until recently, “the hotel was run
hy the old man’s son, also Simon Flaherty,
now an assistant sergeant at arms of the
Koard of Aldermen of New York.”

The sports were seated and standing
around the pit in the cellar of Flaherty's
Hotel at twenty minutes of 1 o'clock yester-
day morning intently watching two valiant
game cocks fighting for each other's life
with all the equipment with which men
could supply them, It was a hot battle.
Some agitated spectators were even at the
moment passing money in feverish haste
to get their bets on time and beyond possi-
bility of dispute when the door to the cellar
burst open and the majesty of the law
(privately executed) confronted the law's
defiers, At this instant one of the cocks
a rs k the other the final blow and he fell
dead,

heagents wasted not an instant, out with
drawn revolvers, Mr. Freel being supported
by two assistants and each man holdin
his revolver in his hand, faced the exci
spectators and informed them thatall pres-
ent were under arrest for engaging in a
transgression of the law.

“We are officers of the law,” he said,
“and | have a warrant for this arrest. I
have more men upstairs and about the
building. The easiest way is the best. I
will not detain any of you longer than is
necessary, but it will be necessary for all
to come to the police station and I have
automobiles outside ready to take you to
the station at Long Island City.”

“Good Godt” said one man, looking from
the three revolvers to Mr. Freel, “do you do
this for a living? This is a terrible thing
to do.” °

“This is a terrible thing that you are
doing here,” retorted the superintendent
sternly, “and we must do our duty.”

The crowd recovered itaelf quickly and
for the most part the men took their predica-
ment as good naturedly as the circum-
stances permitted. They were a varied
assortment of humanity, or inhumanity,
as the captors would say, ranging in years
from 21 to 60 and in condition from truck
drivers and stable boys to subetantial
looking men who appeared to be prosperous
cCLUiZens,

To accomplish the full purpose of his
mission Supt. Freel went into the pit and
took possession of the dead bird and de-
manded the survivor from the handlers.
He examined the birds and found them
fully thonged and spurred for battle. He
took possession immediately of one of
the spurs, blood marked, for evidence or
foranexhibitin the case. Making a further
search of the premises, he found two other
dead cocks, evidently killed in battle, and
a dozen wounded ones, two of these with
broken lege. The heeling room he found
covered with feathers cut from the birds
hefore they were sent into battle, and there
also were spurs, thongs, scales and weights.
He discovered also a carpet covered “run”
need for training the cocks, and he found
further and took possession of more than
a hundredg ame cocks, representing a value,
he says, of $2,000—unless they are sold as
edibles. From the number of dead and
wounded birds and the large number of
birds yet unfought the superintendent was
led to the conclusion that not only had a
main of large proportions been arranged
for Saturday night, but that in all proba-
bility there was to have been another main
vesterday afternoon, at which, if Brooklyn
kept up its old time interest in cock fighting,
the officers would have been likely to have
found some better known people. The
officers were unable to distinguish any

.and Mount Vernon.

with “voices.”

. where his wound was d

ie ie ‘ eh a Ae ry
fet ani < a Fh

A Period of Sober Reflection
3
The Lawyers Mortgage Com.
pany is the only Mortgage Com-
pany that limits its mortgages
to those on improved income-
producing business or residence
perty within the limits of
ew York City. It rejects the
extra risk involved in lending
on vacant land and on special
utilizations, such as theatres,
churches, factories, etc.

It is the only Mortgage Com-
pany which limits its profits to
one-half per cent. p2r annum.
In Europe such limitation is re-
quired by law, and removes the
temptation to accept doubtful

loans in order to make greater
profite.

LAWYERS MORTGAGE 60.
Capital & Surplas, $4,250,009

59 Liberty St., New York
186 Montague St., Brooklyn

       
   
   
 
        
     
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
       
   
     

 

 

day. The prisoners proved to be brothers
in distress, one man turning around and
bailing out five others as soon as he was
liberated, and several others simi bailed
two or three of their comrades . Thirty-
two had secured bail by the time court
was over.

The prisoners came from all ports of
Manhattan, The Bronx and kiyn,
from Jersey City, Newark, Bloomfield,
from many points on Island and from
West Chester, White Plains, Mount

There was a man of
6) from East Second street, Kensington,
and another of the same age from Long
Island City. The names they gave were
not always to be relied upon as uine.
’ The raiders found that the licensee of
the hotel is James MoCormick, but if he
was present at the main they
to detect him.
him as licensee.
to find out up to just what date “recently”
the hotel had been t by the Board of
Aldermen's sergeant at arms.

THE EMMANUEL MOVEMENT.

Dr. MacDonald Says It Has Strength of
Other Systems Minus Weakness.

The Rev. Dr. Robert MacDonald of the
Washington Avenue Baptist Church) in
Brooklyn, preached his second sermof last
night in a series of four on the Emmanuel
movement, the new Boston system of
curing nervous derangements by com-
plementing science and religion.

From what Dr. MacDonald said it would
appear that the leading traits about the
new system were its eclecticism of method,
its catholicity of spirit and the general
intangibility of ita nature. »

“The new Emmanuelism,*,be declared,
“darea use help from all sources—from
psychology, from medicine, mental sugges-
tion, Christian Science and faith cure alike
—taking the strength of all, discarding
the weakness of all until we have a system
in which no rational or moral or acientific
inconsistencies can be found. Our work is
distinctly scientific and assuredly Christian.
It could be called scientific ne

“‘God with us’ is a platform on which
all men can unite and which suggests a
power that all men crave. “The cause of
all our ills,” said Tolstol, ‘is that men have
lost their sense of God.’ "” ‘The new move-
ment, Dr. MacDonald said, would do much
to invigorate Christianity.

Two more sermons will complete the
series of sermons. Then Dr. MacDonald
will give a new series dealing with the

 

subject from a constructive point of view.

DID AS THE SPARROWS SAID.

Explanation Made by a Man Who Cut His
Throat in Central Park.

Shortly before noon yesterday Policeman

Fitzgerald saw a young man enter the

 

 

 

cave in Central Park opposite West Seventy-
seventh street.
for the Ramble, but heard a cry for help
coming from the cave and ran there.

The policeman started

He found the man with a gash in his

throat and an open razor in his hand.

“One of the sparrows told me to do it.
I didn’t want to, but I had to obey,” the
man aaid.

He told the policeman that his name
was Grove L. Kline, that he was 25 yearslold

and had been employed aa a shipping c erk
a7, Fdgemere & Co. of Great

gton,

ass.
Kline said alao that he had gone to a

ood many spiritualistic séances in Great
rrington and had a f become afflicted

He heard voices pursuing

him all the time, had come to New York

Saturday, and not escaping them here had

decided that the only way to do so was to

kill himself.

He waa taken to the Presbyterian poe
en
e was locked up in the East Sixty-seventh

street station on a charge of attempted
suicide.

 

MURDERER'S STOREHOUSE.

Inspectors Find Where Baker Lived in
Boston and Kept His Loot.
Boston, Feb. 21.—James A. Baker, self-

“prominent citizen” in the seventy-six men
under arrest.

“The raid,” said Mr. Freel, “was the most
important cockfighting raid in the histor
of the society, and the plant there at 2
Flaherty’s hotel was the most complete
fighting and training plant in the State.”

The superintendent added that this was
the second raid on a main in two months,
the other having been at Feeney’s Hotel at
Pearl River, N. Y., up near the northern
New Jersey border.

Che superintendent received informa-
tion of the proposed main at Flaherty's
on Friday evening, and on Saturday he pro-
cured a search warrant and arranged to
have a posse of fifteen of the society's
agents start at midnight with him in two
automobiles from the society’s headquar-
ters in Madison Square. The run to Laurel
Hill was made in forty rainutes, the autos
picking up on the way tv o policemen from
the 175th precinct who had detailed to
join the raiders.

While the actual descent on the pit was
easily accomplished, the raid was not made
without a fracas, some memories of which
were carried away by one of the agente in
the shape of bodily bruises. When the raiders
reached the hotel the barroom door was
opened by a sentinel, and immediately the
agents forced their way inside, where t
found three or four men besides the bar-
tender and doorkeeper. Freel at once
tnade himself known, informed the men
that he had other officers outside, told them
his mission and that he had a search warrant
and called their attention to the fact that
interference with an officer in the perform-
ance of bis duty was a crime which they
bad best not commit.

‘Then leaving three agents in the bar-

confessed murderer and robber of post
offices and all around crook, now under
arrest in New York, made Boston his head-

quarters.

So bold was he that he even kept a room
at the Hotel Essex, and there he stored
part of his plunder.

Post Office Inspectors Kincaid and Per-
kins entered Baker's room at the Essex
yesterday and were astounded to find there,
among numerous lesger articles, a suit case
nearly filled with postal and express money
order blanks, which Baker and con-
federates had intended ultimately to get

At a lodging house where Baker had an-
other room two more bundles of
money orders were found. Baker regis-
tered at the hotel as James A. Roberteo
Reno, Nev., a few weeks ago and had ad
the room occasionally until his arrest |
New York. The money orders were pa
of the loot from express offices and pos
offices in the East and middle West.

colt EULER Tete aU

sa

 

The Weather.

‘The weather was fair over almost the entire
country yesterday. This region got a littie snow
or rain from a storm central over the Lakes. It
was slightly warmer tn the northeastern quarter
and colder in the upper Mississippi Valley and the
upper Lake regions,

in this city light snow fell; wind, fresh south
east; average humidity, 78 per cent.; barometer,
corrected to read to sea level, at 6 A. M., 20.86; 3
P. M., 2.76.

The temperature yesterday, as recorded by the
of.clal thersno meter, is shown In the annexed table:
1907

me i st es
a

 

room he and two others descended the | ,?  ™ = Or! OF, Mos.» SE ie
stairs from the back room of the saloon ae M, we ta Mids a ia

to the cellar, where the main was going on.

. L { temperature, 17°, at 4:30 A. M.
in passing from the barroom Freel told ete re

WASHINGTON FORECAST FOR TO-DAY AND TO MORKOW
his man nearest the door to open it and For, eastern New York, generally fatr to-day; fair
il in some others for good measure. No / ana warmer ta-mareorwr: light westerly winds, becom-
sooner did the sqent try to do this than | ing rariadie
the hangers-on fell upon him and tried to For New England, clearing to-day; fair to-mor-
fire him through the door he had just got | row and warmer in western and northern portions;
opened. The watchers without then got | jight to fresh westerly winds, beeom ing variable.
into the game and somebody fired a shot in | For eastern Pennsylvania, partly cloudy to-day
the air, which brought all the remaining | and wo-morrow: warmer to-morrow; light westerly
agents and policemen to the doorway. The | winds, becoming variable.
assaulted agent was rescued, but not before; ror New Jersey, Delaware and Virginis, fair
he had received some kicks and punches} today; partly cloudy to-morrow and warmer
from the hangers-on of Flaherty’s. in the Interior; light westerly winds, becoming
The raiders took prompt possession of | variable.

the telephone and when all was ready called For the District of Columbia and Maryland, fair
for some patrol w Two , | to-day; partly cloudy and warmer to-morrow;
and with these the automobiles the | light westerly winds, becoming variabie.
arrested men were all landed in the Long For western New York, local snows to-day;
island City station by 5 A. M. partly cloudy in eastern and snow or rain by night
gave bail. They and the in western portion to-morrow.

later in the day before Justice For western Pennsylvania, cloudy to-day and

were ar-

Ho 5 in Long Island City and all were held | anow near Lake Brie; cloudy and warmer to-morrow
in $100 bail each for a hearing on Wednes-j and probably rain or snow by night.
ate ea be say i ot Se ccnns MO cal ~ a ce e

anew ee , te vee 7 on

SIDE CARS

 

THEM NEXT THE CAR END.

 

To Be Used as Exits While the Present
Doors Are Used for Embarking—He
Believes This Discrimination Will Cut
Exprese Train Waite Nearly in Two.

The quickest and most feasible way of
increasing the carrying capacity of the
subway and of doing away with the dis-
comforts of travel on the underground
railroad is to equip the cars with side doors,
according to a report which has been made
to the Public Service Commission by Bion
J. Arnold, the Chicago railroading expert.
Because of the reputation he has gained
in successfully dealing with difficult traffic
problems Mr. Arnold was brought here
from Chicago several months ago by the
commission to act as a consulting engi-
neer to the board and since that time he
has been studying the conditions in the
subway with a view to a remedy for the
congestion which prevents the moving
of trains with rapidity.

Mr. Arnold recommends that side doors
shall be put not in the middle of the cars
but at the ends so that they shall really
be a continuation of the platform doors.

He says that the additignal side doors at
the ends of the cars will reduce the waits
at the station in the rush houfs and will
remove the conflict caused by the efforts
of passengers to enter and leave the cars
by the platform doors. The type of car
he suggests, he says, is the only one that
can be advantageously used because of
the curvature of the platforms at many
of the stations, and the present cars can
be altered into the type recommended by
him without loss of structural strength
or material alteration of the present seat-
ing arrangement. He urges further that
all cars be provided with pneumatic or other
means for quickly penne, closing the
doors and with signals which will auto-
matically indicate to the motorman when
the last door is closed. These further
recommendations are made by Mr. Arnold:

That for future subways a wider car should
be considered. This car may be a multi-
side door car, if separate platforms can be
arranged for each class of trains and if the
stations can be designed to control the flow
of passengers at the entrance to the platform
instead of directly at the car doors. If,
however, it is found that it is impracticable
to design stations with sufficient room for
waiting passengers independent of the sta-
tion platforms it will probably be found
that the best car for future subways is a wide
car of the type with double doors near ends.

That if it is found that future subways
cannot be built without the occasional use
of curved platforms the cars for these future
subways should be designed so as to allow
the station platforms to extend under the
car in such a way that the necessity for sliding
platforms will be obviated.

Present conditiona, Mr. Arnold says, lead
to the holding of trains on an average at
the expresa platforms for fifty-five seconds.
With side doors the total average time
of express trains at stations would not be
more than thirty seconds. Of the side
door cars he says:

; ARNOLD WOULD PUT
'

The new doors can be used for exits and |

the present end doors for entrances, thus
providing at once the means of carrying
on the process of unloading and loading
simultaneously and without the present
conflict which during rush hours has become
80 objectionable. This car provides a separate
apace for leaving passengers to collect around
the exit doors wihout blocking the space
which should be provided for the passengers
entering the car. The result will be that
passengers will move in and out much more
quickly than at present, and the movement
of passengers into the ear will facilitate the
movement of passengers out of the car.
With this car it would be possible to keep
the car platforms clear of standing passengers,
particularly at the time of approaching a
station where considerable additional load
is to be expected. With the present cars it

the passengers readily make the
that they are getting ready to leave the train
at the next station. With a clear platform
there should be none of the discomfort now
experienced in boarding a crowded car;
the passengers will pase rapidiy into the
empty car vestibule and can move at once
into the space which has been vacated by the
leaving Passengers.

Both the exit and the entrance doors are
directly under the eve of the guard, who is
thus in a position to accentuate the circula-
tion and therefore the rapidity of handling
the passengers by opening the exit door
slightly in advance of the entrance door,
which can easily be done by either mechanical
or pneumatic means.

It is estimated by Mr. Arnold that the
cars now being operated in the subway
can be c to conform to his recom-
mendations at a cost of about $2,000 for
each steel car and about $1,500 for each
composite car. “For the present subway,”
Mr. Arnold adds, “this car seems to me to
possess more advantages and fewer dis-
advantages, both from the standpoint of
the public and the operating company,
than ~— other type, and its use will in-
crease the capacity of the subway suffi-
ciently to fully justify the expense of alter-
ing the present cars into cars of this type.”

 

HELP FOR HEBREW CHARITIES.

 

| The Committee of 250 Reports Its Financial
Conilitica.

The committee of 250 which was ap-
pointed under the auspices of the Council
of Jewish Communal! Institutions on Janu-
ary 6 to help the United Hebrew Charities
out of ita financial straits held a business
meeting in the United Hebrew Charities
Building, at 356 Second avenue, yesterday.

man of the committee, showed that since
the middle of last December $38,780 had
been raised, mainly through the efforta of

of receipts to remain constant at this ratio,
the United Hebrew Charities can have
about $20,000 a month for disbursements.

The society has been relieved of much of
the work that was formerly required of it
by the Social! Service League, an associa-
tion of young women formed a week or ten
days ago for the purpose of caring for
destitute working girls, but even with this
burden taken off ita shoulders the charities
or zation will need at least $30,000 ad-
ditional, aside from the income to meet
the regular monthly disbursements of
$20,000, to tide it over the fiscal] year.

In the year before the last panic the
society raised $320,000, and to-day the need
is more urgent than it was then.

A committee of five was appointed to
confer with the board of directors of the
United Hebrew Charities in regard to
mphing the committee of 250 a permanent
atatr.

Sousa Concert at the Hippodrome.

A good sized audience was present at
the concert given by Sousa’s Band at the
Hippodrome last night. The aoloiata wera
Miss Lucy Allen, soprano; Miss Jeanette
Powers, violinist, and Joseph Norrito,
clarinetist. The band played a new Sousa
march entitled *Powhattan’s Daughter.”

 

News of Plays and Players.

Oscar Hammerstein announced last night
that he had renewed his contract with
Maurice Renaud, the French barytone, for
three years.

A benefit performance of “The Mormon
Wife” by the Spooner Stock Company will
be given at the Lincoln Square Theatre on
February 28 under the auspices of the Am-
aterdam Democratic Club, James J. Hagau's
organization of the Fifteenth Assembly dis-
trict. ‘The proceeds will be used to the
poor of the district,

eee

is impossible to keep the platform clear, as |
excuse |

The report of Bernard Naumburg, chair- |

the committee, and that, figuring the volume '

" SOE Len re Sane lL 3
Tk SUN, ‘ONDAT | EBRUA Ae

MORE BIRTHRAYS THAN ONE

Celebrated on the 32d fon the Carmania
—Dr. Adam Returns.

The Cunarder Carmania, which returned
last night from a cruise to the Mediter-
ranean, brought back only eight of the
excursionists who sailed hence aboard
ber. She had summer weather until she
was within two days of Sandy Hook. Wash-
ington’s Birthday was celebrated with
unusual heartiness because a young Ca-
nadian, Miss Margaret Kavanagh, hap-
pened to be born on February 22. Purser
Clark made a huge cake in honor of the
Father of his Country and the daughter
of Canada, and everybody had a slice of
it. The ship's orchestra played the “Star

Banner,” “Dixie” and other Amer-
at the table of

congratulated her
so famous a day to be born on.

on 8
Amon; pagsengece by the Carmania

were the Rev. Dr. John Douglas Adam,

fomis att & Seaigeoh rep

on 'e .w

in June ace to mene oe) his family.

He has preached 13 v. G. Campbell

 

z
ivan tunes, and 8;
the

onal
ab-

in the tem
tt Ith

pastor. He said that his
and that of his family had improved.

EX-GOV. YATES A CANDIDATE.

Announces That He Aspires to Be Governor
| of Uitnots—A Taft Adherent.
SprinoriexiD, Ill, Feb. 29.—With the
explanation that he had waited until the
| new primary bill was approved, former Gov.

 

 

Richard Yates to-day announced that he is
a candidate for the Republican nomina-
tion for Governor. Yates says he believes
there is now a chance for a fair appeal to
the voters under the provisions of the

new act.

The long delayed announcement created
surprise in political circles. The former
Governor, it is well known, has been con-
since the enactment
' eons are Nee
interestedly awaitin a ning of Mr.
Yatos's cam > Se is d he will en-
deavor to a imself with the candidacy
of Taft for President, thus gaining Federal
support. His announcement is as follows:

Theve decided to be a candidate for the
Republican nomination for Governor at the
general precy election, A t 8, 1008.
“Ido this because after full investigation
portunity for
‘or an effectual

templating the se
of the Oglesby bill.

I believe there is now an o
the first time in this State
and real appeal to the le instead of to
conventions and oommit . under the
provisions of the new direct plurality
primary election law, which was not ap-
proved until a few days ago.”

 

TAFT CAN'T STOP HIS BOOM.

 

Milw aukee Business Men Working for Him
Despite Letter From Vorys.

MiLwavKEE, Feb. 23.—The Taft move-

| ment in Wisconsin is not dead, despite the

| letter from Mr. Taft's campiagn manager,

A. I. Vorys, repeating in effect the declara-

tion of Taft's attitude toward Hughes in
New York.

The letter was received by the most con-
servative group of politicians in the State,
those who have fought La Follette through
thick and thin for a dozen years, and the
Janesville Taft movement has been dropped.

In Milwaukee, however, the sentiment is

different and the Milwaukee campaigners
' will continue their efforts to organize the

State.
The Milwaukee Taft men are headed b
E. A. Wadhains, head of an anti-trust oil

concern, but who has never in poli-
tics. He says the movement Milwaukee
| is not a politicians’ movement but one of

business inen. ees men, he de
clares, will refuse to recognize political
strategy in their cam but will work
openly and above board for the candidate
they helieve to be the best, regardless of
Mr. Taft's campaign policy.

The Business Men's Club does not include
a half dozen po'iticians among ita 500 mem-
bers, the others being non-factional Re-
publicans who think is it time for business
men to act.

RAILROAD UNION IN POLITICS,

—_——-

 

| Another Report of Their Purpose to Op
pose Hughes's Candidacy.

According to John Morey, chairman of
the New York State legislative committee
| of the Order of Railroad Conductors, who
was the spokesman for the committee of
the various brotherhoods of railroad men
which bas been meeting in the city, a con-
ference for the organization of a union
of all the railroad brotherhoods was held
on January 1*. Morey said that this con-
ference was attended by leading representa-
tives of all the railroad brotherhoods, but
would not say where the meeting was held.
Morey, who was a labor date for a
place on the Public Service Commission,
said that the conference discussed the
failure of Gov. Hughes to “Ye a labor
man on the commission, The general
sentiment, he said, among all the members
of the railroad brotherhoods was that
| united action should be taken nst
Gov. Hughes as a candidate for the -
dency. Morey said that definite plans
have been formulated to have a labor man
on the Republican State ticket of New York.

|

 

FOR ANTI-TAFT CONTESTS.

 

Georgia Republican League Plans to Send
Delegation to Chicago.

AiLaNra, Feb. 23.—Contesting delega-
tions from Georgia to the Republican na-
tional convention at Chicago have been
made almost certain by instructions which
the Republican State League, the anti-Taft
and anti-Roosevelt organization has sent
to ita members throughout the State. The

league says that the machinery of the party

is largely in the hands of the officeholders
; and it instructs that if the officeholders
try to dominate county conventions there
should be a contesting delegation sent to
both the Congress district and State con-
ventions.

The league. further advises that if dele-
gates should not be elected to the national
convention to the satisfaction of ali con-
cerned contesting delegations should be
sent to the national convention from the
State and from the districts. The circular
also attacks Roosevelt and Taft for alleged
attempts to control the Republican party
through officeholders.

 

 

| ANY OF THE CANDIDATES WILL DO

California Republicans Not Committed to
Any Particular One.

WasHINoTON, Feb, 23.—Gov. James N.
Gillett of California arrived in Washington
to-day. He was non-committal on the sub-
ject of politics when asked to discuss the
situatidh on the Pacific Coast. Gov. Gillett
said that California Republicans were not
committed to any partioular candidate,
but that all of the leading candidates for the
Republican nomination had friends in the
State. When the primaries for the election
of delegates are held next month, Gov.
Gillett said, there would be an cppertunity
for the voters to express freely their choice
for the Kepublican nomination.

Gov. Gillett said that while he was here
he would have a conference with Secretary
of the Navy Metcalf regarding the recep -
' tion of the battleships in San Francisco

harbor. He declared that the le of
| the Coast were enthusiastic over the matter
ard would give the vessels a cordial wel-
come.

a

Dollar Dinner to J. B, Reynolds.
A dollar dinner is to be given to James

‘A * 7 ¥e
t, * Jo ‘ }

PROD VTS OR WARSHS

 

RECEIVED BY ADMIRAL EVANS

ON THE (ONNECTICUT. Herald

 

ANNOUNCE, BEGINN

Special Cable Despatch to Tus Sun.

Cauac, Feb. %3.—President Pardo and
Sefior Eleapuru, Minister of War and Marine,
each accompanied by his staff, came from
Lima to-day and paid a formal visit to the
American battleship fleet. A national salute
was fired by each of the warships as the
vessel conveying the party passed, headed
for the Connecticut, Rear Admiral Evans's
flagship, which also saluted as the Presi-
dential party went on board her.

After an exchange of grreetings with Ad-
miral Evans the party was shown about
the ship by officers, who explained the
workings of the guns and exhibited the
machinery. The 7 inch guns were
loaded and the turrets containing the great
1? inch guns were revolved for the edifica-
tion of the visitors. The party visited every
part of the vessel, and those of the crew who
were not absent on liberty were mustered
for inspection.

Sefior Pardo and the other members of
the party highly praised the appearance of
the crew. After the inspection was com-
pleted President Pardo sent a greeting by
wireless telegraphy from the Connecticut
to Rear Admirals Thomas, Sperry and
Emory and the other officers of the fleet
saying:

“President Pardo salutes the Admirals
and other officers of Rear Admiral Evans's
fleet from the flagship Connecticut and
expresses satisfaction with his visit. Upon
returning to Callao he will cable to Presi-
dent Roosevelt congratulations upon the
most magnificent fleet and its most effi-
cient commissioned personnel.”

Subsequently the Presidential party en-
tered their launch and passed through the
fleet, receiving a second salvo as they went
by each ship. Sefiora Pardo, wife of the
President, and a number of friends who
accompanied her were the guests of the
officers of the Connecticut after the review.
They expressed themselves as delighted
with the courtesy of the Americans.

On Tuesday night Samuel M. Taylor,
the American Consul-General, and Mrs,
Taylor will give a banquet at the Hotel

The fabrics include neat
or blue cheviots in heavy

Formerly $5
Formerly $7

Saks standard.

$4, $5 & $6 Shoes

stock and bears th

conforms with our

in lace, blucher or

models, with pointed

and Emory and thirty-two other officers
of the fleet. The guests will include
Leslie Combs, the American Minister;
Richard R. Neill, secretary of legation;
Lieut. Constant Cordier, Military Attaché;
Deputy Consul-General (. Hamilton Jones
and a number of high Peruvian officials
and their wives.

There were 3,000 liberty men from the
fleet ashore to-day, and so far as can be
ascertained there was not a single un-
pleasant incident to mar the day's enjoy-
ment. The bluejackets occupied them-
selves principally in taking in the sights of
the city and in riding in the trolley cars.
Many of them went to Lima. The natives
are doing a great trade in the sale of curios
to the Americans, and many mummies’
eyes are changing hands.

The Peruvians continue to display un-
bounded enthusiasm over the visit of the
fleet. It appeared to-day as though the
whole population of Callao, with the addi-
tion of large contingents from Lima and
elsewhere, turned out along the water-
front to witness the ceremonies attendant
upon the visit of the Presidential party to
the fleet, and they were much pleased with
the honors paid the head of their State.
It is estimated that more than 50,000 Peru-
vians were strung along the shores of the
bay, every vantage point being crowded.

 

The Art

Collected by the Late

Richard Mansfield

UNRESTRICTED PUBLIC SALE

By order of the owner,

 

HOWELLS IN THE ROMAN FORUM.

American Novelist Sees Ruins of Tempi
of Jupiter Just Discovered.
» Spectal Cable Despatch to Tas Sun,

Rome, Feb. 23.-W D. Howells, the
American author, was present to-day at
the new excavation begun by Prof. Giacomo
Boni in the Forum under the Arch of Titus, |
which was erected 81 A. D. to commemorate
the conquest of Jerusalem.

The new excavation has brought to light a
most interesting Roman foundation, that
of the Temple of Jupiter Stator, which was
built three centuries before Christ.

 

BOSTON BLACK HAND ARRESTS,

Two Men Charged With Threatening Death
to Italian Hotel Keeper.

Boston, Feb. 23.—Concetto Rizzo and
Antonio Mirabito, two alleged Black Hand
men, were arranged here to-night charged
with attempting to extort money from
Benjamin Piscopo, the wealthy proprietor
of an Italian hotel in this city. The charge
of using the mails to extort will be made |
to-morrow by the postal authorities.

The Italians were captured at a little

 

at 2:30
The Sales will be conducted

ee

and $6, at
and $8, at

 

 

|

 

fruit store in Dorchester owned hy Mirabito POLICEMAN GOOD AT FIRST AID.

and another Italian. Rizzo was taken in
the same place by Inspector Laughlin.
Letter paper corresponding exactly with

that used by the blackmailers in the cor- |

respondence with Piscopo as well as rub-
ber stamps used to sign the letters were
found in the store.

Pisco)
demanding that he senda certified check for
$1,009 on pain of death to “FerdericoBar-
lyndo, 209A Bowdern street, Dorchester,
Mass.” The writer said his “company”
was the atrongest anarchist society in
Europe and that the organization expected
help from Piscopo because the members
want to live. *

Piaeopo conaulted the police and on Chief
Watte's advice sent a decoy letter by special
delivery to the address in Dorchester. A
boy delivered it to Rizzo, who signed for
it and then handed it to Mirabito. The
next day Piscopo received another letter
signed as the first one, saying his reply to
the demanda of the “company” was not
satisfactory and again threatening death
to him and his children if the money was
not forthcoming.

To-night the police descended upon the

| fruit store and made the arrest, the yes
office special delivery messenger boy iden-
tifying Rizzo as the man who had signed
for the decoy letter.

— -——

received a letter on February 19

 

 

ACTION BY THE NAVY LEAGUE,

Approves the Battleship Programme of
the Department.

A meeting of the board of directors of the

Navy League of the United States was

| held on Saturday at the office of Herbert

L. Satterlee, counsel of the league, at which

| were present Gen. Horace Porter, the

| president; William McAdoo, vice-president;

Henry H. Ward, secretary, and directors

representing the section or branch organiza-

| tion in London and seven sections situated
| in various parte of the United States.

| The special business before the meeting
'

| with the present condition of the naval
; establishment. After consideration of
| various bills relating to the navy recently
introduced in Congress the following resolu-
| tion was unanimously adopted:

Bronson Reynolds, President Roosevelt's | lt ng et vas the Navy League of e

meat sleuth, at Clinton Hall, 151 Clinton | Congress materially

street, on the night of March 11. Joseph
Basheim, secretary of the dinner committee,

said last night that several Cabinet officers
- | relative proportions of types and vessels
recommended,”

Ww be present. It was hinted that Presi
wea might attend.

Beet ures ot —_

recates any action

changing the pro-
| gramme presented by the Navy Depart-
ment anc approved by the President,
particularly with respect to disturbing the

was the consideration of resolutions dealing |

| Bandages Broken Wrist in Opera House
While Walting for the Ambolance.

John Weber, a dealer in hats, of 340 West

| Fifty-seventh street, while alighting from
an automobile with a party of friends
in front of the Metropolitan Opera House
last night fell on the slippery pavement.
Most of his weight was thrown on his left
wrist, but Weber thought the injury slight
and went into the opera house where the

party had a parquet box. After a time

Weber’s wrist began to pain him and he |

left the box and walked into the lobby.

Lieut. Sackett of the traffio squad, noticing
him pacing restlessly up and down, asked
if he could be of assistance.

“Yes,” said Weber, “I believe my wrist
is broken. I fell awhile ago.”

Sackett made an examination and con-
firmed Weber’s opinion.

“You'd better let me cal] an ambulance,”
eaid the policeman. “In the meantime
I've had instruction in first aid and I'll
bandage your wrist. Delays at such a time

© Fale O70 Tine to thin and 0 Sow minutes
el 3 a few minu
{ later Dr. of the New York Hos-
pital arrived. He complimented Sackett
his work of the wrist. Dr.
k started to set the wrist, but such
a crowd gathered that Weber asked that
ne be taben 8 lace lees public. A friend
suggested rear
answer the . Acoordingly the doc-
tor and W: went there and the injuries

a

 

 

4

ear va ana
g

finally Dr. Harbeck
lace for him was the hospital. So he got
Into the ambulance and went to the hospita).

 

STOLE LEATHER WORTH 315,000.

 

Square

ING THIS MORNING,

The Semi-Annual Sale of
Trousers for Men

fancy worsteds and black
or medium weights.

Formerly $3.50 and $4, at $2.50
3-50
5-50 °

In every pair the tailoring is characteristic of the

ALSO, BEGINNING THIS MORNING,

An Extraordinary Sale of

for Men, at $3:00

This footwear was selected from our regular

e Saks label—which

is another way of saying that each pair

standard of quality.

850 pairs, of patent calfskin, calf or kidskin,

button models, with

pointed, medium or broad toes.

184 pairs, of glazed kid, lace model, medium
or straight lasts and toes.

126 pairs, of calfskin, in button or lace

or medium toes.

ART GALES AND EXHIBITIONS. | ART

ALLE

 

SALES AND

 

Day 9° to 6

NEW YORK CITY

This Monday

Property

Mrs. Richard Mansfiekd,

On Monday and Tuesday Afternoons, March 2dzand 3d,
Beginning at 2:30 o'Clock

and on Tuesday Evening, March 34,
Beginning Promptly at 8:30 o’Clock
—aALSO—

Rare and Artistic Objects

Collected during a recent visit to his native country
by the well-known Japanese Connoisseur

Bunkio Matsuki

UNRESTRICTED PUBLIC SALE
Thursday Evening of This Week at 8:15 o’Cleck,
and
Friday and Saturday Afternoons ofj]This Week

*

o’Clock
by Mr. Thomas E. Kirby, of

The American Art Association, Managers

6 East 234 Street, Madison Square South.

 

leather had already been located here by
detectives.

Wilson laughed when he described how
he had made away with a carload of leather
under the eyes of the Boston owners and
shipped it half way cross the continent
and how he was arrested here on suspicion

been robbed.
He was employed as a driver for aixteen
Two weeks

| before the Boston people knew they had

years by the shoe company.

ago a consignment of eleven cases of leather
was turned over to him to be taken to a
Boston firm's warehouse. He took the

leather to the depot and shi it to this
city, consigning it to*W. &. Williams & Co."
| He had a confederate in St. Louis who took

charge of the shipment. This confedera’
has not been faba. 7
Wedding After a Sea Courtship.

 

A. H. Norfolk, purser of the Atlantic
Transport liner Minnetonka, in yesterday
from London, will be married on Wednes-
day in this city to Miss Ada Raffin, with
whom he became acquainted in the course
of several trips she took with her f.
aboard the liner. They are English
never saw each other before they met
the Minnetonka several months ago.

she

 

TERN

~y
PIANOS |

F past five decades

‘or the ve pianos

have been made and sold on a basis

ot Coaratan veng oe Seay
compa ein way,

because it has been ed the only

instrument worthy of emulation.

As a criterion of what a plano
should be, examine a Vertegrand at
S550. The Vertegrand {s an iorret
with the waa qualities and
teristics of a Grand Piano. '

The Miniature Grand ts anothere®
ampie of

Steinway w' Beer.

Pianos of all makes taken

Time payments i
ed. Alsopianos for reut.

STEINWAY & SONS, Stelaway Mall,
| 107 and 109 E. 14th St., New York.
Subway Express Station a1 tha Dago,

excha .
desir -

 

J

pte ee