Ep

ee
- -

_

ee
ots , : = ;

 

a ae

eae eee

 

oS ee

ee teers es
—

apna SS

 

ee

,
aia
Mr
¥

i

Pf

   
   

‘he eS % :

     

 

DR. PARKHURST DRAWS A LES-
SON FORM WASHINGTON.

 

Bewalls a Past Day When Men Took Their
Citizenship Sertous)y and When National
Legislators Didn't Divide Their Time

‘ Between Washington and .

Dr. Charles H. Parkhurst, at the Madi-
son Square Presbyterian Church, preached
yesterday a Washington's Birthday sermon.
In this he likened the times of Washington
to the days of the Hebrew leader Joshua,
when the Hebrews, but recently delivered
from their tribulations, were instinct with
an intense civio and moral consciousness
that led them to wonderful achievements.
These present days of our republic, Dr.
Parkhurst declared, were like the degenerate
days of the Hebrews, atter Joshua's death,
when prosperity had made them a forget-
ful and decadent nation.

“Were there in this community the same
moral alertness to-day,” continued Dr.
Parkhurst, “were there the same realiza-
tion of what should be understood by our
national life, the same self-abnegating
abandonment to the hehesta of that life,
the same sense of the sanctity properly
attaching to whomsoever occupies a posi-
tion fitted to deepen that life and give it
direction- were these conditions to ob-
tain to-day a very considerable part of
those whose patriotism, so called, is merely
@ euphemism for a cunning calculation of
personal political advantage and whose
total interest in the election that solemnly
impends is expended in promoting the
chances of the aspirant whose success
would react upon themselves in the most
prolific return world give over playing
with the responsibilities to’ which they are
now officially committed by the suffrages
of their constituents. Were there here
the same crisp moral atmosphere that men
respired in the later day of Moses and
throughout the administration of Joshua,
men who have large, nation wide obliga-
tions at Washington would find enough to
do in attending to those oblizations, and
would have no time left for peregrinating
as @ means of auctioning themselves off
upon the acceptance of voting constituen-
cles. legislators who belong at the
national capital would remain at the
national capital, without dividing them-
selves between the national capital and
Albany, and legislators who belong at the
State capital would remain there without
splitting themselves between the State
capita] and Washington.

“It is not patriotism and a sense of civic
duty; it is passion for perquisites That
accounts for the fact that neither Congress

MODESTY IN PRESIDENTS

  

DUTIES OF EXPRESS COMPANIES.

Up-State P. 8. ©. Rules That They Must
Forward Shipments Over Connecting Lines.

That an express company must not de-
cline to acoept shipments because it cannot
make delivery except over a connecting
line at destination is the ruling in an im-
portant decision, and the first directly af-
fecting express companies, just rendered
= the up-State Public Service Commis-
ion.

A complaint was made by Herendeen &
Mandeville, attorneys at Elmira, that the
United States Express Company refused to
accept a shipment destined to Delhi, for
the reason that Delhi is only served by
the Adams Express Company. The com-
plainants offered to prepay all the charges
to the United States Express Company
that the shipment might go by the short
route, but the company ceoclined to re-
ceive it and the complainants were obliged
to forward by the Adams Express Com-
pany. As a consequence the shipment in-
stead of going by the direct and short
route, which would have taken it via Bing-
hamton and Sidney, a distance of 185 miles,
was sent via Adams Express Company to
Wilkesbarre, Pa., then by trolley to Scran-
ton, Pa., thence by the New York, Ontario
and Western Railroad to Delhi, a distance
of 288 miles. Complainants claim that by
the shorter route it could have been
delivered in nine hours, whereas it did take
sare one hours.

After the complaint was made the United
mpany amended ite rule

under which the t was required to de-
cline business of this nature, made a
prevenes that if the shipper insisted ~
orwarding it and prepaid charges that
the shipment be acce) b>
The commission, in a decision written
by Commissioner Decker, holds that the
amended rule is not satisfactory, is con-
tradictory in terms and in practice is cer-
tain to have a discriminating effect as be-
tween shippers who insist upon transporta-
tion, notwithstanding agent's refusal, and
shippers who do not insist upon transporta-
tion, and says that “the right of shippers to
have and enjoy the pve of publio
transportation cannot lawfully be made to
depend upon offer, insistence and
acceptance as above described.” The rule
| should state affirmatively this class of ship-
ments will be received and forwarded upon
| prepayment of charges.

The defendant express company’s rule is
held unlawful, and it is given leave to pre-

re and sustitute a new rule or regulation

‘orapproval by the commission before March
i, until which time the order is withheld.

FOR NATIONAL REDWOOD FOREST.

Petition From 1,400 School Children of
Eureka, California.
Wasarnotey, Feb. 23.—The Forest Ser-
vice was just received a petition from
nearly 1,400 California school children who
ask for the establishment of a redwood

 

State Express

 

 

 

SUIT T0 BE ABANDONED

 

LEAVING U, P. TO CINCH ITS CON-
TROL OF ILLINOIS CENTRAL,

 

Mr. Fish Sabmits te bat Dees Net Acqaiesce
in Judge Ball's Derision—Interprets
it as Meaning That the Law Does Not
Operate Until the Wrong Has Been Done.

Stuyvesant Fish announced formally
yesterday that the suit to prevent the
Harriman corporation from votjng their

| Ligois Central stock would be abandoned,
since there remains no prospect of averting
at least temporary control of the road by
Union Pacific. He said further:

|

The Union Pacific has announced its in-
tention of electing as directors the following
citizens and residents of the State of New
York: John Jacob Astor, who owns 7,000
shares; A. G. Haokstaff, 176, and E. H. Harri-
man, 130, together with a fourth person as
yet unnamed, It was judicially determined
in Judge Ball's court that the 14,000 shares
which were transferred into Mr. Harriman’'s
name in September, 1907, for the obvious pur-
pose of supporting his false statements as
to his being the largest stockholder in the
company belong and have all along be-
longed to the Union Paciflo. Indeed, Mr.
Harriman has not owned more than 130 shares
ainoe, in the summer of 1906, he sold his large
holdings to the Union Pacific with such se-
orecy that neither he nor Charles A. Peabody
nor Robert Walton Goelet, who are also di-
rectors of the Illinois Central and of the Union
Pacific, allowed an inkling of the fact to come
to the knowledge of any of their colleagues
in the [Ninols Central until the record thereof
in the minutes of the Union Pacific board
was ferreted out by the Interstate Commerce
Commission and made public in January, 1907.

T have been directly and credibly informed
and believe that the fourth directorship
was offered to the president of a bank in
which Mr. Harriman recently was, if not now,
a stockholder, and who was associated with
him in the Chicago and Alton Railroad of
the stock of which the Union Pacific owns
more than one quarter, but that this gentle-
man refused to serve. I am unable to say
whether the reasons for his refusal are such
as would apply to others holding similar
positions.

I went into the contest at the solicitation
of many stockholders who had for many

| years entrusted me with their proxies and
| on the advice of counsel with great reluct-
ance. My effort has been to protect the
| Nlinois Central and my own large holdings
, therein of 12,432 shares from exploitation by
+ men whose acts in other corporations have
| been denounced after full investigation by
officers of the Federal Government, and are
involved in suits in the courts here in New
York, in Utah and elsewhere, and have done
my best to advise the stockholders of the
situation. When Mr. Harriman and his
associates shall at length be forced to answer
the questions which they have been evading
for a year past my contention that the dese
tiny of the Illinois Central and the interest

   

SENATOR BRADLEY DEAD.

|
3
é
:

il
iy
i
é
i
ue
F

donderry, Ireland, on March 17, 18338, and
came to America when he was 18 years old.
He at once began to take an interest in
matters in his adopted home and shortly
after his arriva)] was Captain of the Lafay-
ette Guards, which had many men ite

as
“t

was a member of the eoee committee of

investigating fame. served on the
Railroad Committee. He was chairman
of the Kings county Democratic committee

tration of the late

revious to the
ugh McLaughlin. This committee was
known as radley committee and was
admitted to the national convention.
He was prominently connected with
Catholic charities and was for many years
a member of the board of managers of the
Roman Catholic Orphan Asylum. On June
13 last a d was given at the Brooklyn
coun Se the santas one his —s friend,
the late Bernard affrer. y rr asso-
ciates on the board, at which Bishop McDon- |
nell presided. Mr. Bradley's vities in
connection with the organization extended
over a period of fifty-seven years. His zeal
for the orphan children knew no bounds,
and he was much beloved by the little ones |
at the various institutions, where he was a |
constant visitor. Mr. Bradley was for
fifty years a trustee of the Church of the
Assumption, at York and Jay streets, Brooke
lyn. He will probably be buried from that
Pp

lace. |
He was much interested in the Catholic |
|

 

Legion and oi ized all ita branches in

the State outside of Manhattan.
The dead Senator is survived by five chil-

dren—C haries J., in D., Mrs. Will Ss.
Catherwood, Mrs. Daniel W. Irwin and
Mrs. Thomas E. Murray. It was at the
home of the latter that he died, at 9 o'clock

| Sunday morning. A singular thing marked |
his iliness. He came home after attending |
the funeral of Bernard Mc affrey and com-
plained of not feeling well. He never left
the house again. The cause given for his
death by Dr. J. P. Murphy was grip.

JUDGE YEAMAN DEAD.

 

His Career Was Notable in Kentucky and
New York.

George Helm Yeaman, alawyer ofthiscity,

died yesterday at the home of his daughter

+ as ay ie Satie, ht ven, mart .
Te oe
. ao ow we Ses se

nor the State Legislature has done enough | national park. This petition, which is
legitimate work since their respective 8e8- | from the childreg of the schools of Eureka,
sions began to indicate distinctly that they | Humboldt count¥, Cal., is unlike any other
are legislative bodies. which has ever been sent to a Government

of the State of Illinois therein should not be | in Jersey City in his seventy-ninth year after
entrusted to him and those selected by him | a brief illness.
will be justifled. | practise up to a few days before his death.

“There is a lamentable disposition to

department urging the preservation of the

discount the quiet ways and the judicious | forests. In the petition the children say:

conservatism of days gone by and to esti- “We, the children of Eureka schools, havo
mate progress by the speed with which | been studying about our redwood forests
we become distanced from the spirit by | and along with the rest of the people of our

which our fathers were animated a century | country we feel that representative groves ;

and) more ago. If a man is not going the | of these trees should be preserved for our-
right road the very velocity with which | selves and coming generations of children,
he travels onlv postpones instead of hastens | and we respectfully petition the United
the date of his arrival. The directness of | States Government to take some action

the route is incomparably more important
than the number of miles an hour.

“In 1783,” said the speaker, shaking his
fist vigorously, “men knew what liberty
meant. They had just been pouring out
their blood fer it. In 178% men knew, or
were beginning to know, what was the true
denotement of national life, national prom-
ise and eventual destiny.

exalted ambition in the hearts of ail

an
Sip, peopee.

“The present condition, on the contrary,”
said the speaker mournfully, “is not one of

such national exhilaration, and therefore | for a national park t

not of such moral crispness and soul ex-
panding eect.
nothing of late but whip the Spanish, count
our profits and go around the world brag-
ging of our naval power and our material
prosperity.

®ame condition of relaxed moral purpose ! notable example of such generosit

and regardiessness of divine sanction that
characterized the Hebrews after Joshua
was gone.

“The natural outgrowth of his belief in

God,” said Dr. Parkhurst, going back to ' Government.

Ww ington, “was his exceeding modesty
in assuming a position of large responsi-
bility, es: ecially in undertaking the obli-

ona of the Presidency. His sense of

greatness of this trust gave him a feel- |

ing of insufficiency of qualification, as is
y his first inaugural address. In
this he said: ‘The magnitude and difficulty
of the trust to which the voice of our country
calls me, being sufficient to awaken in the
wisest and best of her citizens a cistruat-
ful scrutiny of his own qualifications, can-
not but overwhelm with despondency one
who, inheriting inferior endowments from
nature and unpractised in the duties of
civil administration, ought to be peculiarly
conscious of his deficiencies.’ Such lan-
guage should lead every considerate voter
to feel that devout humility is an essential
ualification for occupancy of every posi-
on of national difficulty and trust.

“Oh, that the same divine sirit which
worked with such gentle might in the heart
of the father of his country would load the
minds of contemporary citizenship with
thoughts as searching and embracing and
their hearta with sentiment as tender, so
that our national life might be lifted to a

r note of impulse and purpose and
the happy augury be afforded us of days
growing ever stronger and brighter as the
coming years shall go by, and as the gen-
erations shall go on lengthening them-
selves forward into the distant centuries.”

CHARGE IS MANSLAUGHTER

Against the Newark Policeman Who Shot
a Fugitive Convict.

Policeman John F. Weber of Newark,
who killed Frank Ides, an escaped con-
vict, while the latter was trying to elude
arrest in Newark early Saturday morning,
will be taken before Judge Ten Eyck this
morning and charged with manslaughter.
Capt. Michael J. Ryan, his commander,
will) make the complaint. Former State
Senator Michael T. Barrett volunteered
his services without pay and aaid he would
give whatever bail was necessary.

Grover Edwards, Robert Cameron and
Charles Henderson, who were with Ides
when he was shot, admitted yesierday,
the police say, that they went to Newark
on Friday night to rob the jewelry store of
L. F. Weick & Co. at 10 Pacific street, but
found two policemen standing in front of

 

the store. Edwards also admitted, it is |

alleged that Ides showed them a revolver
which he said he would use if they were
bothered by the police.

 

HENNING HOUSE ROBBED AGAIN.

 

Sammer Home Looted Day After Burglar
No, 1 Was Sentenced.

Stamyorp, Conn., Feb. 23.—On Friday
George Putnam, a former gardener of John
D. Rockefeller, was sentenced to seve three
years for robbing the summer home of
Mrs. Madge I. Henning, at Collender’s
Point, on January 18. Putnam had two
confederates.

Early yesterday morning the Henning
house was again entered by burglars and

flour barrel full of silverware was stolen

costly dresses and bric-A-brao.
The police say the burglars used a sleigh
to the boo

carry ty.
Mrs. Henning, who lives at 215 West
Eightieth street, New York, says the stolen
y is worth several thousand dollars.
summer home of Fred C. Gallatin, Jr.,
of New York, adjoining, also was robbed,
Little loot was got there.

toward establishing a national forest of
redwoods.”

Government foresters who are acquainted
with this part of California say that the
children give good reasons for the estab-
lishment of the national park. It has only
been a few years since the redwood trees

: All the lessons | stood thick on the land around the larger
as) ully acguired meant moral nerve

towns of Humboldt county, but now all
the readily accessible timber has been re-
moved and the people see the time when
the redwood groves will have disappeared.
There is little if any redwood left suitable
t has not fallen into

private hands. The acquisition of any

For we have been doing | euch therefore would have to be brought

about through purchase or through private
donation. ; ,
It is not often that private donations of

So we too are fallen into the | valuable timber lands are made, but a

and
ublic spirit was recently shown by William
ent of Chicago, who presented a tract of
295 acres of magnificent sequoias in Red-
wood Cafion, near San Francisco, to the
In Monterey and Trinity,
national forests in California, there are a
few small tracta of redwood.

BILLS AFFECTING RAILROADS.

Seventy-two Introduced in the House

—series of Hearings to Begin March 3.

WasHINGTON, Feb. 23.—The pfesent ses-
sion of Congress will be remembered for
the number an variety of measures intro-
duced to regulate interstate commerce or
amending laws relating to that subject.
Seventy-two such bills have been sub-
mitted in the House. While the number
introduced in the Senate is not so large it is
suggestive of the active interest taken
by Senators in the subject. The Senate
Committee on Interstate Commerce has
had a number of hearings already. The
House Committee on Interstate and For-
eign Commerce has arranged for a series
a hearings. beginning March 3, on bilis
relating to the following subjects:

March 3-4, bills providing for Federal in-
spection of grain.

March 5, bills to prevent carriers from
holding stock in other corporations, and also
bills to change the method of procedure of
the Interstate Commerce Commission.

March 6, bills affecting the collection of
claims against railroads.

March 9, bills on routes and connections,

March 10, bills affecting passenger fares
and passes.

March 11, bills regulating freight rates,
rebates, Ac.

March 13, bills providing for Governmental
valuation of railroads.

March 16, bills attempting to cure car
shortage.

March 18, bills affecting express companies.

March 19, bills on safety appliances. '

March 20, bills to give bills of lading a better
status.

MURDERED, SHE THINKS,

| Dead Traveller's Sister4n-Law Objects to
the Suicide Theory. 7
Mrs. Louise Miller of 129 Wolf street,
| North Braddock, Pa, learned last Thursday
| of the death in a lodging house at 25 Mont-
| gomery street, Jersey City, of Joseph
| Miller, her brother-in-law, whose body
| was found in bed on January 20 with a
bullte hole in the right temple. The police
decided that he had committed suicide,
but Mrs. Miller believes he was murdered.
Miller bought a dcket for on the
fee Star liner — ~—< put up at the
odging house, whic! 3 Morriv,
Bauman, a steamship ticket agent. On
sanuery 28 Bauman notified the police that
Miller compiained to him of bei
fleeced out of $300 by two men who invited
him to unite with them in placing their
money in a tin box for safe a on the
trip over. Later in the day ilfer was
found dead. A revolver lay on the floor.
Mrs. Miller aaid her brother-in-law had
$400 in gold and a bankbook when he left
Brad ecarried hii

 

 

 

 

North dock. H 38 cash in
a bag tied around his neck with rawhide
belt The bankbook was not found
with the and the strands leather

lacing had been cut as if by a sharp knife.

Fire in B. R. T. Power House.
A fire in a coal chute of the new power
house of the Brooklyn Rapid Transit Com-
| pany at 500-512 Kent avenue, Williams-
| burg, early yesterday morning bothered
the Hremen for some time. Several dyna-
| moe was abut off for half an hour.

 

I take this opportunity of thanking the
holders of more than 300,000 shares of the
stock of the Illinois Central Railroad Com-
pany for having honored me with their proxe
fes and their confidence In this contest. Sub-
mitting to but not acquiescing In Judge
Ball’a decision, the contest in the eourts is
now closed.

It remains for the people of Illinois to say
whether thev are satisfied with the doctrine
laid down by Judge lall. He has declared
that foreign railrond corporations cin do
what Illinois domestio railroad corporations
are prohibited from doing: that one foreign
corporation oan hold stock in parallel and
competing lines of raijroad coinpantes created
by the laws of Illinois and that no stoek-
holder of any of these companies can com-
plain of such holdings until they are cetually
used to suppress competition or to injure
the corporations. ‘Thia doctrine puts upon
fodividual stockholders a strain of vigilance
and a burden of espionage ereater than the
practical human nature of stockholders ean

stand. The history of many of the great
corporations of the country shows that the
minority stockholder has thus far permitted
the wizards of hich fAnanee to rob him with
impunity and with ease, to suppress come
petition and to establish a monopoly by the

very r.eans whioh Judge Kall says are legal in
Illinois.

MAY INDORSE ALDRICH BILL.

 

‘DD. M. Parry Favors Measure and Manu.
facturers’ Association May Take I€Up.

INDIANAPOLIS, Feb. 23.—President Van
Cleve of the National Association of Manu-
facturers, and I). M. Parry, former presi-
dent of that organization, he'd a confer-
ence here on Friday at which the coming
meeting of the association in New York
was discussed.

Mr. Parry said to-night that he and Presi-
dent Van Cleve were agreed as to the reme-
dial character of the Aldrich bill as an
emergency measure and that they indorsed
the genera] principle of the bill and desired
it to become a law.

“There ia no question,” said Mr. Parry,
“but it would relieve such conditions as
existed in November last if it were a law,

and I am heartily in favor of it.”

He said the Manufacturers’ Association
would doubtless take up the subject at its
May meeting and would indorse the bill.

The manufacturers of the country, he
added, are in favor of a tariff commission
along the lines of the Beveridge bill and
the Indiana manufacturers may ask the
State convention which meets in April to
indorse the principle of the bill.

 

NEW HARRIMAN SMELTER.

Concession Secured From Col, Greene for
One at Mazatian, Mexico.

Mexico Crry, Feb. 23.—E. H. Harriman
and associates will erect a large smelter at
the port of Mazatlan, on the Paciflo coast
of Mexico, according to the statement of
Epes Randolph, the representative of Mr.
Harriman in the Southwest and Mexico.
The concession for the smelter was obtained
several months ago by Col. W. C. Greene of
New York. It has just been transferred to
the Harriman int erests.

The new railroad which Mr. Harriman
and associates are building down the Pacifio
slope of Mexico from Guaymas will reach
Mazatlan by the time the new amelter is
finished. A rich mineral region is tributary
to Mazatlan.

BUYS UP MEXICAN SUGAR CROP.

 

 

Producers Association Controls Market

and Will Raise Prices.

Mrxico City, Feb. 23.—The Sugar Pro-
ducers Association of Mexico, which con-
trols the sugar output and market of the
country, purchased the entire output of the
mills for the present season. The associa-
tion will export approximately 25,000,000
pounds of sugar.

The total is estimated at 250,000,000 pounds,
The association will advance the price of
migar about May 1, when the present sea.
gon’s output is finished.

Two St, Paul Banks to Reopen.

S1. Paur, Feb. 23.—The State Bank of
St. Paul, which closed January 18, will
resume business to-morrow morning. The
old officers will remain in charge. The
Citizens Savin Bank, which also hag

closed, will open to-morrow.

 

 

Deer to Brag of in Essex County.

Montcuiair, N. J., Feb. 23.—The Essex
county Park Commission now has in the
South Mountain reservation one of the
finest herds of deer in the East. Tne
dozen or so deer that have been in the
reservation for a year have just been added
to o7 twenty red deer purchased in Penn-
syly

He was well known in the legal profession
in this city, where he had practised since
1850.
He had been a county Judge in Kentucky,
a member of the Kentucky Legislature,
a member of Congress in the civil war
period and a Minister resident at Copen-
hagen, Denmark, and had also been in pol-
ities in an advisory capacity since he came
to New York. Hewasa friend of Lincoln,
Garfield and Cleveland. He took an active
part in the anti-silver campaign of 1896.
Mr. Yeaman was born in Hardin county,
Ky., November 1, 1820. He was admitted
to the bar in 1852, was elected county Judge |
of Daviess county, Ky., in 1854, to the Legis= |
lature in that State in 1861 and to Congress |

 

Mr. Yeaman was in active |

 

from the second Kentucky district in 182
to fill an unexpired term. He was elected
tg a full term the next year. While in Con-
gress he voted for the constitutional amend
ment abolishing slavery and was defeated
for a third term because of his vote,on that
question,

In October of that year he was made
Minister resident at Copenhagen, where he
remained for five years. Under the direc-
tion of Mr. Seward he negotiated a treaty
for the purchase of St. Thomas and the
Santa Cruz Islands, but the treaty failed
of ratification. He returned to this country
in 1870.

Mr. Yeaman for several years was presi-
deat of the Medico-Legal Society of New
York and for some years a lecturer on con-
stitutional law in Columbia College law
echool. Ina rt adopted by the City
Bar Association outlined the abolition
of the rior Court and Court of Common
Pleas of New York city, proposing to merge
them into the Supreme Court, many years
before the adoption of that reform in the
Constitution of 1894, Mr. Yeaman was
the author of “The Study of Government,”
and wrote many phieta on political
and financial questions. He also was the
author of “Legal Aspects of Insanity,” an
article in the American supplement to the
Encyclopedia Britannica.

Mr, Yeaman was married in 1855 to Lelia
Pegram, daughter of Robert Triplett of
Owensboro, Ky. He leaves four children,
Robert T., a lawyer in Trinidad, Col.; Ste-
phen M., a lawyer in this city; Mrs. Rich-
ard L. Remnitz of this city, Mrs. Walter
Halsted Condict of Jersey City, and eight
grandchildren. He also leaves two brothers,
Caldwell Yeaman of Denver, Col., and Mal-
colm Yeaman of Henderson, Ky.

SY SEE

 

|
|
Obituary Notes.

Brig.-Gen. Rufus Saxton, retired, a veteran
of the eivil war, died suddenly of heart dis-
ease at his bome in Washington Sunday
morning He was born in Greenfield, Mass.,
Ootob er 19, 1824, and was graduated from
the West Point Military Academy with the
class of 1849. He entered the army as a
Second Lieutenant of the Third Artillery and
in 1858-54 led @ surveying party across the
Rocky Mountains. After spending five years
in coast surveying, he became instructor of
tactics at West Point in 1859. He served as
Chief Quartermaster on the staff of Gen.
Lyon_in the Missouri mpaign and with
Gen. McClellan in West Virginia. In 1862 he
served in the same capacity in Gen. Sherman's
campaign. He was commissioned ao Brigu-
dier-General of Volunteers and was in eom-
mand at Harper's Forry the battle with the

by Ge

a SE

Confederates oomman mu. Jackson,
For gallant eonduct in this campaign he later
received a medal of honor from Congress.
From 1862 to 1865 he served as Military Gov-
rtment of the South and in
January, 1865, he was brevetted a Major-
General of Volunteers. He was honorably
mustered out of the volunteer army in 1866
and became Chief Quartermaster of the Le-
artment of the South. He was later trans-

erred to the Department of tho Columbia,

where he served until 1872. He was placed on
the retired list on October 19, 1888, as a Colonel
and Assistant Quartermaster-General. By
an aot of Congrers, of April 23, 1004, he was
ier-General on the retired list

ernor of the De

made a Briga
of the army.
Mrs. Mary_B. Melish, mother of Dr. John
Howard Mefish, rector of Holy Trinity
Protestant Episcopal urch in Brooklyn,
died suddenly of heart disease at the n-
age 126 Pierrepont wore on Saturday.
Melish was at Saranac Lak ras
a sick parishioner.
Cincinnati in 1831 and was the daughter o
William Bromwell, a pioneer merchant o}
that city. She married the Rev. Dr. Thomas
J. Melish, who Become posted of St. Philip’s
Protestant E Churoh in Cincinnati.
He died in 1896. @ funeral services of Mrs.
elish will he h at 12 o'clock to-day at
oly Trinity Church.
James McNab Marble died yesterday
afternoon at his home, 060 dson avenue,
after an illness of three weeks with typhoid

e at the

rs. Melish was born in

fever. @ was 25 years old and born in New
fo to Louse Cary MeWichasl, douguter of
0 se © ceMic , daughter o
Pr. A. R. McMichael, He was a uate of

Brown University and Woe epnpected with

‘ather, iam
f the
New

the Broadway Magazine.

A. Marble, was at one time president

Fong of the Revolution in the State o
ork.

W.J. Knight, general counsel for the Hiinole
Central Railr Ly owa, died yes y at
71 years. prom-

buqgue, la., ag @ was

t Democra tty of I
Ser paar Beaded wach
r.

No Extra Charge for It.
Advertisements for Taz Sun and Tas
EveniIno Sun may be left at any American
District Messenger office in the city.

 

HUGHES'S WAR ON GAMBLING
STATEMENT ISSUED FROM THE
EXECUTIVE CHAMBER.

 

 

Quotes Resolutions Adopted by the Stat-
Grange and Local Granges and by the
Merchants Association Urging the Re-
_ peal of the Racetrack Gambling Law.

es Feb. 23.—The following official
t has been given out at the ex-
ecutive chamber:

“Many organizations of citizens through-
out the State have indorsed Gov. Hughes's
recommendation to the Legislature, em-
bodied in the bills introduced by the Hon.
George B. Agnew in the Senate and by the
Hon. Merwjn kh. Hart in the Assembly, for
the abolition of racetrack gambling. Prac-
tically all the newspapers in the State
outside of New York city are stron y
urging the passage of the Agnew-Hart bi 5

“The State Grange, with a membership
of 77,000 farmers divided into local granses
all over the State, at its meeting at Hornell
on February 7 adopted the following reso-
lution:

Whereas the worthy master in his address
before the thirty-fifth annual session of the
New York State Grange, held at Hornell,
wisely recommended in the interests of
morality the repel of the racetrack gambling
law, the proceeds of which are now divided
amend the agricultural societies of the State;
an

Whereas the agricultural fairs of the
State need and must have aid from some
source; therefore, be it

Resolved, That we, the New York State
Grange, now in session, do hereby request
the Legislature to make an annual appropria-
tion from some fixed source to be used for
the benefit of the fair associations of the
State. We believe that the fairs of the State
are a direct help in stimulating the better
breeding of stock and should be sustained
by State aid.

“Similar resolutions have been adopted
br maae of the local branches of the grange.
‘The resolution adopted by the Canandaigua
Grange, some of the officers and membera
of which are also officers and members
of the Ontario County Agricultural So-
ciety, was as follows:

Whereas Gov. Charles E. Hughes tn his
annual message and also in his remarks to
the delegates to the association of town and
county agricultural societies has so clearly
and forcibly defined his views in regard to
the repeal of the present racetrack gambling
law:

Resolved, That Canandaigua Grange, No.
1,062, is in full sympathy and accord with all
that the Governor has said in relation to the
subject.

“The support of the agricultural districts
of the State has been supplemented by
that of business men's organizations.
The Merchants Association of New York
city adopted the following resolution:

Resolved, That the association approves
and indorses the recommendations of Gov.
Hughes as contained in his annual message
as to the prohibition of pool selling and
gambling at racetracks in this State, and
strongly urges that the Legislature take
such action as to give them effect.

“Among the organizations which have
adopted resolutions in support of the abo-
lition of racetrack gambling are the fol-
lowing:

Farmers Club of Central New York, Essex
County Fair Association, Peekskill Business
Men's Association, mass meeting of the
citizens of Nyack, February 16; Fifth Ward
Civic Club, White Plains; Brooklyn League,
Manufacturers Association of New York,
Maximus Club of New York city, Inde-
pendent Club of the West Side, New York
city: Good Government Club of Waterloo,
Cooper Civico Club of the Peoples Institute,
New York city; Stuyvesant Heights Republi-
can Club, Brooklyn; Society for the Prevention
of Crime, New York city; Columbia County
Law and Order League, Law and Order
Society of UnionCourse, Long Island; Twentye
Fighth Ward Board of Trade, Brooklyn;
South Side Civic League, Jamaica; the
Flushing Association, Rockville Centre Board
of Trade, klatbush Taxpayers Association,
West Brooklyn Board of ‘Trade, Jamaica
Citizens Association,

“Several of these organizations are com-
posed of men whose homes are close to
the racetracks.”

INDORSES GOV, HUGHES.

Bishop Olmsted Commends His Crusade
Against Racetrack Gambling.

Urica, Feb. 23.—The Right Rev. Charles T.
Olmsted, Episcopal Bishop of the diocese of
central New York, is a warm supporter of
Gov. Hughes in the campaign against race-
track gambling. The Bishop in an inter-
view to-day on the subject said:

“I have had no doubt in regard to the
correctness of the position of Gov. Hughes
since he first began his fight against this

rent evil, It is an absurdity that the

‘onstitution of the State should declare
against the evil while the laws do practi-
cally nothing to carry out the spirit of the
Constitution. 1 wish the men of this great
Commonwealth would carefully examine
this position of Gov. Hughes's looking
to the eradication of the racetrack evil,
and I am sure the majority in favor of
blotting out such gambling would be over-
whelming. Gov. Hughes should have the
hearty wapes of every public spirited
citizen in this most commendable crusade.”

 

COURT SCORES POLITICIANS.

Crane Says Cases Are Disposed of Secretly
Before the Magistrate Hears Them,

When a case of attempted extortion came
up for examination in the Yorkville police
court yesterday Samuel Wacker, a tailor,
of 441 East Fourteenth street, said he did not
want to presa the complaint against four
young men who, he charged, had threat-
ened to blow up his tailor shop unless he
contributed $5 to the fund they were raising
to bury one of their friends who had just
died.

The men were John Morris of 300 Avenue
A, John Smith of 346 First avenue, James
Ryan of 218 Avenue A and William Kelly
of 312 East Twenty-ninth street. The
police learned that the supposed dead man
was very much alive.

“I have been informed that politicians
have been after you to get youto withdraw
this complaint, but I want to tell you that

you cannot trifle with this Court,” Magia-
trate Crane said to the complainant. “I
waa told that political influence was used
to frighten you out of your wits and that
was why you were afraid to come to court
esterday when the case was called. But
tore is the written complaint you swore
to, and your weak memory now will not do.”
It is something awful the power of the
oliticians that is exerted to thwart justice
n the police courts. There cannot be
justice when the politicians are able to dis-
ose of cases before the hearing in the court,
f know of my own knowledge that such is
being done. Up in Harlem one politician
disposes of all the excise cases ona Monday
morning before the Magistrate reaches
court. nm the Judge gets there he is
compelled to officially approve the secret
arrangement.”

The Magistrate tried to > ACE. the tailor’s
memory by reading his vit to him,
but it was no use. Wacker couldn’t remem-
ber very clearly the faces of the young
men that wan a burial contribution.

After a time the Court ordered the com-
plaint changed to disorderly conduct and
fined the young men $10 each. Assembly-
man Wagner tried to have the fines re-
mitted, but the Magistrate refused to do it.

 

Woman 88 Years Old Dead of Gas.
Mrs. Annie Fitzpatrick, a widow, 88 years
old, who lived with her daughter, Mrs.
Charles Ott, at 1124 Lafayette avenue,
Brooklyn, was asphyxiated, apparently b
ecoldent, by ilhuntaating gas in her bedroous
yesterday.

\
|

i SSS
_

  
 

The Great Sixth

Avenue McAdoo Tunnel

Opens Tuesday, Feb. 25th. The 19th
Street terminal is at our door. We
invite inspection of the largest as-
sortment of fine footwear in the city

Prices Uniformly Reasonable

Alexander

Sixth Avenue and Nineteenth Street.
}

B. Altman & Cn.

WILL MAKE TO ORDER, AT SHORT NOTICE AND
- MODERATE COST, GOWNS AND WALKING
COSTUMES FOR EARLY SPRING WEAR AND
THE WINTER RESORTS, INCLUDING TAILOR.
MADE SUITS AT $65.00, $70.00, $85.00 & $90.00

(DRESSMAKING AND TAILORING ROOMS, THIRD FLOOR)

34th Street, 35th Street aud Sth Avenue, New York.

 

Odds and Ends

All

of Sults to measure $18, Coat and Trousers $16, sepe

This winter and last spring and
You can’t go amiss, the picking

arate Trousers $5,
summer materials,

Is fine. ARNHEIM,

Broadway @ 9th.

    

ART SALES AND EXHIBITIONS. |

<ngunhineaeumnepaanda Ae
The

Fifth Avenue Art Galleries

- “SILO BUILDING,”

546 Fifth Avenue (45th St.)
Mr James P. Silo, Auctioneer.

NOW ON EXHIBITION

The Collection
Formed by the Late

Joseph Bensusan
By order of
Messrs, Henri O, Watson & Co,,
SALE DAYS FRIDAY AND SATURDAY AFTERNOONS

OF THIS WEEK AT 3 O'CLOCK,

ART SALES AND EXHIBITIONS,

PAPLPAAPEPIL LDL IRD DD DADA POE

 

 

 

 

 

 

=a

TRAILING OVLALOTH SHROUD.

 

 

Meanwhile Brooklyn Murder Suspects Keep
Mum and Are Held In Jail.
Antonio Ganci and Giuseppe Fannaro,
who have been detained by the Brooklyn
police in connection with the murder of
Salvatove Marchianne or Marchiano, as the
police say the name should be spelled,
whose dismembered body was found last
Thursday on the outskirts of Flatbush,
were arraigned yesterday in the Adams
street police court, Brooklyn, before Magis-
trate Dooley and held in $2,000 each for fur-
ther examination on Wednesday. When
asked if they had anything to say they
shrugged their shoulders.
Salvatore Souteri, who used to room
with Salvatore Marchianne or Marchiano,
was arrested last night at 13 Coles street
by three Headquarters men. Scuteri is
wanted only for information that the police
believe he is able to give if he will talk.
He will be arraigned in the Adams street
court this morning.
The Brdoklyn police said yesterday that
if they could only find the shopkeeper
who sold the oilcloth in which the body
had been wrapped they could no doubt
find the murderer. The oiicioth is of a pat-
tern that is popular in the Italian district,
but is not usually sold in lengths so long
as that in which the body was wrapped.

The police think that some dealer might
remember selling such a quantity to one

rson.
P*The police have learned, they say, that
Ganci and Fannaro were seen talking to
the murdered man at the corner of Coles
street and Hamilton avenue last Wednes-
day afternoon, despite the fact that Ganci
had declared that he had not seen Marchiano
since the previous Sunday, when they were
plazing cards together in Ganci’s room at
3
B

 

Everything in the clothes
line for the masculine.
French felt hats in Alpine
and telescope, colors are
French bronze, brown and
castor-rose, price $3.50.

SMITH, GRAY @& CO,

NEW YORK
Broadway at Warren St.
Broadway at 31st St.

BROOKLYN
Fulton St. at Flatbush Ave,
Broadway at Bedford Ave,

Tn,
Larry Mulligan Ball March 6.

The Larry Mulligan Association wil!
hold its annual ball at Terrace Garden
on March 6 this year instead of on St. Pat-
rick’s Day, as has been the custom. The
United Irish Society wanted the hall for
the latter date and the Muliqens let them
have it. In past years Big Sullivan

always led the grand march, but this
year Magistrate Kernochan will lead it
with Mrs, Mulligan. Little Tim Sullivan
bee peewee off = pou for the bali at the
Association oc! > ’

— igan on ouse, 353 Bowery

‘oles street.

oth Ganci and Fannaro are men of pow-
erful physique. Each is over six feet and
both ore perce jecerde, Yasnero was
arres or com t e 80-
called barrel murder in — Tork several
years ago.

DIES ON A TRAIN.

 

 

Irving Heyman Was on His Way From Bath
Beach to Sara nac Lake for His Health.
Urica, Feb. 23.—Irving Heyman, 3%
years of age, a resident of Bath Beach,
died early to-day on a New York
Central train between Schenectady and
this city while en route to Saranac Lake,
where he hoped to regain his health. Hey-
man was accompanied by his brother-in-
law, Max Anderson of 55 East 115th street,
New York, and by another friend, John
Alexander, also of New. York. He had been
in failing health for two months, sufferi
i cheapest B tehae ane
ians rt

a journey to the Adirondaoks. o gee
Hi ft New York lest night end
was gay spirits until the train pessed
Sehenectady, when he toppled over dead
in his brother-in-law's arms. His body
was brought to this city and to-night, on
pores from the Coroner, waa shipped to |

ch,

i)

CONSTIPATION

and all disorders of
the bowels and stomach,

in fall bottles and splits

 

 

   
 
 
  
      
     
   
   
 
    

ialinatmemmenetee 1 one anese maa