oe ae

-

* Ate

BATEST M’OOY DEVICE IN THE
BLUE MOUNTAINS FEUD.

 

@e Many Hatfelds Have Emigrated That
the MoCeys, From Whom Were Steien
the Hogs That the War Arose Over,
Seem to Have Their Own Way Now.

A playwright who didn’t learn his art by
the correspondence method or on Broad-
way leaned back against the white and
gold wall of a Tenderloin restaurant yes-
terday evening at the witohing hour of the
demitasse and after reading aloud as a
prelude the telegraph “story” in yesterday's
Sun of the death at Louisa, Ky., of Tom
Hatfield, he spun the yarn of the Hatfleld-
McCoy feud from the first unpleasantness
over the ownership of two hogs more than
a quarter of a century ago down to the
death last week of Tom. The way Tom
had to “go out’—lying ina hospital bed
with his boots no doubt stowed in a closet—
was deplorable to the playwright. Once
upon a time the playwright while ona
shooting jaunt along the West Virginia-
Kentucky border won the affectionate
regard of old Rand’l McCoy and learned
from the feudist how serious a waste of
effort it is to do one’s dying in that way.
Also it is inartistic.

Beth of Tom Hatfield’s legs had to be
amputated just before his death, it’s true,
but that came as a result of his having
been tied to a tree by a number of McCoys
and left in the woods to die rather than
as a result of gunshot wounds.

The two hogs that were the beginning
of everything died logical deaths so far
back in the '70s that no one seems to know
even the exact year. Logical too were
the deaths of many of the Hatfields and
MoCoys since the passing away of the two
hogs. When a Hatfield laid claim to the
ownership of the two hogs and a McCoy
did likewise the result was bound to be a
string of logical deaths. The exact num-
ber of Hatfields and “MaCoys and their
telatives that have given up their lives in
memory of the hogs is as uncertain as the
known vital statistics of the hogs. Be-
sides, with time galloping along apace,
there is not much sense in totalling the
death list; the chances greatly are in favor
that the next day’s news columns will show
that the list is far from being complete.

The whole matter started out in a gentle
enough way. In the beginning both Hat-
fields and McCoys even called upon the
courta to settle their differences. At the
end of the first decade of argument or in
the early ‘80s they had learned to shoot
each other on sight and let it go at that
without stopping to ask for opinions about
the ownership of the hogs. During the
last two or three years they have acquired
the habit of catching each other alive and
tying the lone enemy to a tree to die of
starvation in the woods. A year ago Bob
Hatfield was found tied to a tree, frost-
bitten and starving, near the spot where
Tom Hatfield was found last week and he
was carried to the same hospital at Louisa,
Ky., where Tom has just died.

Old Rand’! McCoy cale’lates that the two
mountain hogs were worth as high as $5
net. His story is that one day he missed
them and blamed thair disa»>pearance on
Floyd Hatfield, a broth@ of Devil Anse,
mighty chief of the Hatfield clan. Old
Rand’! McCoy wa; a clan chieftain in his
own right; but he Set aside the preroga-
tivea of his high position and called upon
the courta to make Floyd Hatfield bring
back the hogs. All the Hatfields swore one
way and ali the McCoys swore another.
There were alnost two Hatfields to one
McCoy. The only decision left for the moun-
tain judiciary in the light of this, of course,
was in favor of the side with the greatest
bulk of testimony—or, the Hatflelds.

For many months after the decision waa
rendered » Hatfield never met a McCoy
nor a McCoy a Hattield without giving every
evidence that above all else one must al-
ways remember that he is a gentleman.
They even shook hands on election day the
next fall, while affected with the gentle
rays of mountain moonshine, and agreed to
forget it.

Hut now along comes Jonce Hatfield,
a six foot son of Devil Anse, and falls head
over heels in love with Rosanna, the charm-
ing daughter of Old Rand’! McCoy. Jonce
ha;i ened to have a wife at the time, but
as there was nothing else to interfere with
his merriage i» twxcunna McCoy he per-
suaded her to go over the line into West
viegsale with him and be his blushing
ria

if ever a man kept his temper it was
Old Rand'| after the rather indiscreet mar-
riage of his daughter to Jonce. Never
once did he take down his rifle to use on
Jonce, but when, a year later, a son was
born to Rosanna and Jonce.the old father-
in-law saw that things were going a bit
too far and he demanded his daughter's
return. Rosanna came back to the old
home with her promising infant. She did
see Jonce at times after this, however,
whereupon the McCoys decided to nail
Jonce on one of his visita to Rosanna and

hand him over to the United States authori-
ties for moonshining, so that scandal might
be averted, They got him

But over the mountain trails to the home
of Devil Anse Hattield rode Rosanna upon
a fleet nag and told her near-father-in-law
that his son had been taken by the McCoys
Devil Anse lost no time in questioning, but
gathered a flock of Hatfields and clattered
ener under Rosanna’s leadership over the
border to overtake the kidnappers and
wrest their Jonce from them and bring him
back to West Virginia. And Devil Anse
and his Hatfields got away with it all, too,
without firing a shot. This was away back
in 1880 when, as has been said, gunplay was
encouraged only when mortal could stand
no more.

For two years after thia the mountain
country might have been a peace con-
ference until one day in 1882, when Talbot
McCoy, who was brawny, accused Elias
Hatfield, a nephew of Devil Anse, of owing
Talbot $1.75. Elias Ha was far from
brawny, but he called Talbot a liar just a
moment before he landed omeey upon
the United States. Another Hatfield, Eni
son, was standing by with nothing in his
hand but a butcher's cleaver, so he slashed
Talbot McCoy with the cleaver. Talbot
gould hard} blamed then for draw
a large fe and slicing Ellison Hatfield.
Then enthusiasm to arise amo

. who had formed
a circle about the combatants,ard every-
body out everybody else. Ellisor Hatfield
thought to pick up a large stone at last
and was concentrating upon his idea of

braining Talbot, but was prevented by a
McCoy named Farmer, who ehot him in
the back.

From that day on feelings among the
two families have been stained. The
differences might have been patched up
if immediately after the shooting of Ellison
Hatfield, the Hat: . or larger force
present, hadn’t sei upon all the McCoys
on the lot and hustled them over the moun-
tains to West Virginia. In two or three
days Ellison died, his body slashed with
twenty-seven stab wounds, an’: straight-
way the Hatfields took three McCoys,
Talbot, Farmer and Rand’l, Jr.. to a tree
wear, tee little prison and shot then to
death.

The constant warfare that has made
foe Blue Ridge ng oe Winchester shots
rom that day to has had a sameness
of result that long ago would have grown
monotonous were it not for the variety of
details. There's the case of Tom Wallace,
a Hatfieldite, who wedded Bill Daniel's
daughter and who became suspicious that
his wife and Mrs. Bill, the mother-in-law,
were giving out advance information about

pele an the McCo gow te make core,
‘om Wallace and u
Tom's wife and her-in-iaw one night

and kicked and beat the two women into
nsibility. Mrs. Daniel was a sister of
McCoy. No Southern gentleman will

|
!
|

 

eee
en a

onshi
River. Waa Mead on the

that the or of Kentucky
told the Governor of West Virginia that
he wanted all the Hatfields and McCoys
he could collect, and the Governor of West
Virginia replied that he'd do his best to
start a collection of some of the most promis-

young murderers in his region, too.
Thoye hard to collect, however. In Sep-

, 1903, about fifty Hatfields—men,
women and children—left their campus
Smained. fochustine Devil A ie bal

nee, to Keep
up social activities.

ter, but nothin

comes of it. Elias Hatfiel
vioted of murder

 

ARRESTS IN UNION MEETING.

Police Have Trouble in Getting Men Wanted
for Injuring Employer's Property.

Three members of the Mineral Water
Bottlers Union, Samuel Saffir, Emil Adler
and Samuel Summerstein, all living on the
lower East Side, were arrested last night
at a meeting of the union at 133 Eldridge
street on warrants charging them with
malicious mischief

The arrests were acoomplished only after
some trouble with the police. When John
Shea, court offloec, entered with three police-
men to serve the warrants, which were
issued last Thursday b rate Cornell,
some one turned out the lights. The mem-
bers of the union tried to get out as best
they could and those who were detained
mate use of the pails of water intended for
fire protection as weapons, Eventually re-
serves went from the Eldridge street sta-
tion and the three men were arrested.

he complainant against them is Samuel

Bernstein, an employer, who has a
at 212 Eldri street, which be told Magis-
trate Cornell was damaged $100 worth by
the mineral water workers who are on
strike. The mineral water employers re-
—*, got an injunction from Justice Plat-
zek in the Supreme Court to restrain the
strikers from interfering with the employers
or any men they hired.

TRADE, NOT WAR, JAPAN'S AIM.

Gen. MacArthur Says She Seeks Commer
cial Control of the Pacific.

MILWAUKEE, Feb. 28.—Japan seeks to
wrest the commercial rather than the mili-
tary control of the Pacific Ocean from the
United States, said Lieut.-Gen. Arthur
MacArthur before the Old Settlers Club
last night.

He warned the United States to provide
battleships for the protection of the coun-
try’s commercial interests while a merchant
marine is being built up. He said that
unless action is taken at once Japan will get
control of the Pacific as Europe has got
control of the Atlantic.

“Japan’s intentions in the Pacific are
commercial and not military,” said Gen.
MacArthur, “and have especial reference
to acquiring and maintaining control of
that ocean.

“Our lines are weak. Our merchant fleet
is at a standstill. We are in imminent dan-
ger of having our ships from our flag
to the flag of Japan. we maintain our
present attitude it will not be long before

lace

 

 

it will not be possible for an American to
cross the Pacific under the American flag
unless he is on a transport. We should
act quickly or our ships will pass to Japan's
control.”

“COUNTESS'S” GIRLS DISCHARGED.

Landiady, as a (Christian, Bound to Give
Them Another Chance.

Helen and Bessie de Anderson, who
with their mother, the “Countess de An-
derson,” or Mrs. Mary McCarton, are ac-
cused of thefts, were taken from Newark |

HATFIRLDS TIBD UP TO STARVE gee Seri Tee
|

to Bayonne yesterday and arraigned be-
fore Reeorder Lazarus on complaint of
Mrs. Mary Pugh of West Nineteenth street. |
The mother and girls boarded with Mrs.
Pugh at the time they were taking frequent
automobile rides in machines which, it is !
alleged, they had on trial and which they |
would return afterafewdays. Mrs. Pugh |
says they left without paying their bill

and took a quantity of jewelry.

“I prayed the Lord to bring you girls to
justice and He answered my prayer, but as
a Christian I cannot prosecute you and
want you to have another chance,” said
Mrs. Pugh to the girls before the Recorder.
They were discharged and taken back to
Newark, where they are held as witnesses
in other cases,

 

 

DINORCE STIT CHARGES.
Musband Says Wife Tried to Poison Him;
She Says He Hatched a Plot.

Des Mores, Ia., Feb. 23.—The city was
astounded when A. Adler, a wealthy man,
filed a petition for divorce, alleging that
his wife was seasoning his food with poison,
but the sensation was mild compared with
that created yesterday by the answer and
cross petition of Mrs. Adler, in which she
alleges that her husband and son Morris
conspired with a negress and a halfbreed
Indian to involve her in a supposed murder
plot, from which her husband was to have
a narrow escape, but which would land her
in the penitentiary.

She also alleges it was the plan of her
husband to marry again in case the con-
spiracy worked.

WIFE ACCUSES HUSBAND.

Mrs. Roy of New York Says He Killed Her
Brother in a Quarrel.

PorrsmMouts, N. H., Feb. 23.—The Rock-
ingham county officials will to-morrow
exhume the body of George A. Carkina of
Newington, who it was thought committed |
suicide on January 2 by shooting himself |
in the forehead. |

His sister, Mrs. Paul E. Roy of New York, |
has made a sworn statement with County |

——~—

 

 

Attorn Batchelder that her husband |
shot killed her brother as the result of a
quarrel.

Word has been received heré that Roy,
fearing arrest, sailed from New York about |
eight days ago for France, where he be- |
longs.

|
ROBERT EMMETT REMEMBERED. |
'
{

Lieut.-Gov. Chanler Orator at One of Two
Brooklyn Meetings. «st

Exercises in celebration of the 130th
birthday of Robert Emmet were held at the |
Bijou Theatre and the Grand Opera House |
in Brooklyn last night. Lieut.-Gov. Chan- ;

ler delivered an oration at the Bijou Theatre

A resolution was adopted protesting against

|
{
the ratification of a treaty of arbitration }
between Great Britain and the United |

States. SRE n-ne siaet had charge of
the affair. Col. William Temple Emmet
presided

Luke D. Stapleton told the story of the
Irish hero at the Grand Opera House, where
the United Irish League was in charge.

 

From the Fayetteville Observer.

J. M. Jessup of Beaver Dam township
came to town yesterday with a bear scalp, '
claiming the $5 county reward. He also |
brought along « quarter of bear for Col. C, W
Broadfoot, dean of the Fayetteville bar, who |
bas a hankering after bear meat j

Mr. Jessup claims the $5 reward under a
special act of the Legislature which Repre
gentative Neill Spegqere had passed in |
structing the Board of County Commissioners
to pay 85 each for the bears caught and kiljed |

!
’
|
Bears Plentiful in North Carolina. |
|
|
}

so numerous in this township and their depre
dations so frequent and disastrous that the
pers thought it necessary to have such
elaw

in ver Dam township. Bears were getting |

THE SUN, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1908. nd

SOCIALISTS STORM THE ¢. F:U.

WANT COOPERATION WITH THEIR
UNEMPLOYED OONFERENCE.

 

 

Non-Socialists In the Central Body Fight
Shy of Any Proposal for Cooperation,
but Decide to Let Their Committees
Investigate the Others’ Proposals.

The Socialists in the Central Federated
Union made a strong effort yesterday to
commit that body to cooperation with the
unemployed conference of the New York
section of the Socialist party in ita efforta
to bring about parades for the benefit of
the unemployed. The conference meets
at the Labor Temple, Eighty-fourth street
near Second avenue, and a week ago sent
a delegation to the C. F. U. which did not
get the floor. Yesterday Edward Martin,
representing the conference, had a hear-
ing on the stipulation that he would not
take more than ten minutes.

The conference has been for the last
three or four weeks getting out statements
that 185,000 men are out of employment in
this city and talking of “gigantic demon-
strations” before the City Hall to force the
city officials to provide work for them.

The non-Socialist delegates, who were
far in the majority, were wary, but Mr.
Martin was wary too. He did not talk
socialism and said nothing about parades,
but he Wanted the ©. F. U. to appoint two
delegates to attend the meetings of the
conference and cooperate with that body.
The conference, he said, was going to send
two strong committees, one to the City
Hall and one to Albany, to demand the
starting upof State and municipal work.

“I want to ask a question,” said Financial
Secretary Herman Robinson. “Does this
conference contemplate an unemployed
parade with red like the parades that
were held in Philadelphia and other cities
Sift ee eae uate Pee
will no a sucha
help it. We ive commisboe $0 ob the eu-
thorities which have been conf. with
the city officials on the subject af pro-
viding work, but we intend to go about
the matter in a lawful and peaceable man-
ner. ‘

“There was some talk about a parade,”
said Martin, “but that was abandoned
for the present and there will be no de-
monstration of that kind until it is shown
that the committees fail in their mission.”

Martin then began to talk Socialism.
He said that the working people would
have to unite on a political basis and have
their fu€Ml share of the fruits of their toil.

Ex-Assemblyman Prince, a delegate of
the Cigar Packers Union, got the floor,

saying that he knew something about the
conference.

“The whole thing isa scheme,” he said,
“to push the Ye of a political or-
ganization. t the request of the con-
ference A union sent two delegates there,

and the first thing asked for was money
to keep up the agitation. They would have
let the union off for $10. My union would

contribute nothing.”

“What is there to fear from the Socialist?”
said Morris Brown of Cigarmakers Union,
No. 144, a Socialist. “Every time socialism
is mentioned there is a howl about the
red flag
denounce the whole thing before he knows
what it is.”

“That's just what it is,” said Robinson.
“I want to know where we stand. I do not
consider it any crime to want to know what
this delegate wants this body to commit
itself to We have committees here to try
to urge the Public Service Commission
and the Comptroller to start work for the
relief of the unemployed, and we intend to
go about it in a legitimate manner. If it
is necessary we can call a mass meeting
ourselves.” .

After a number of other speeches Robin-
son again entered a protest against having
anything to do with a movement that in-
volved red flag demonstrations. There
seemed to be some difficulty in disposing
of the request of Martin, as some of the
delegates said there could be no harm in
seeing what the conference wanted any-
way. It was finally decided that the two
C. F. U. committees, without committin
the C. F. U. to anything, should confer wit
Martin as to the plans of the conference.

A letter has been received by the C. F. U.
from Comptroller Metz acknowledging
receipt of a letter in reference to the amend-
ment of the State Constitution in order to
make it easier to start such public works
as subways and containing resolutions by
the C. F. U. on the subject.

In his letter the Comptroller said he was
pleased to observe that the resolutions
cegntained an expression in favor of a propo-
sition to except from the constitutional
debt limit the city bonds issued for dock and
subway purposes. He enclosed a y of
concurrent. resolutions which he hed pre-
pared for the Senate and Assembly on the
same subject. :

Very little attention was paid to the letter
or its enclosure, but the Comptroller was
denounced because he would not supply
money at once to start work.

A letter was then read from President Bird
S. Coier of the Borough of Brooklyn in which
he criticised the Board of Estimate for
having, as he alleged, put a check on as-

“4mprovements, which would be no

| burden on the ty, and offering to cooper-

ate with the C. F. in the matter.

 

The whole matter was referred to the
executive committee.
Dies After Taking Heatdach> Powder.

Rose Schalck, 14 years old, of 702 West
End avenue, died last night shortly after
having taken a sedative to relieve a head-
ache, She was at a birthday party in the
home of Michael Wunct of 507 West 157th
street when she took the sedative. Mrs.
Wundt took part of the contents of the
same bottle but suffered no ill effects,
The Coroner's office was notified and will
investigate.

and Delegate Robinson wants to |

. uy
OUR FOREIGN TRADE.

Changes In Value of Exports and Imperts
Due te Higher or Lower Prices.
Wasminoron, Feb. 23.—Increase in the
price of exports and decrease in the price
of imports have an important relation to
the somewhat remarkable figures of the
foreign trade of the United States during
the past two months. In December, 1907,
exports were valued at $207,000,000, against
$190,000,000 in the corresponding month
of the preceding year, and in January,
1908, $206,000,000, against $189,000,000 in
January of last year—an increase of $17,000,-
000 in each of the past two months when com-
pared with the ss — of
the n . Imports, wever,
a gy last Pout $92,000,000,
against $14,000,000 in December of the
ious year, and in January, 1908, $86,000,~
Te ircentinn raneon dpaeess cl bau
t n is
000 in December and $41,000,000 in January
when compared in case with the cor-
reponding month of the preceding >
‘hile a consicterable part of this increase
and decrease in imports is due

in ex
to advance or decline in the quantity of

 

merchandise passing out of or brought
inte the country, a of this remarkable
change is due to higher prices in exports
and lower prices in imports. Sore figures
just cumelied by the Bureau of Statistics
of the Department of Commerce and Laber
quite justify this conclusion, that the re-
cent changes in the foreign trade ‘igures
are not entirely due to increase or de-
creases in quantity, and should therefore
be studied in the ight of prices of the ar-
ticlea forming the bulk of the imports and
exports.

 

ATLANTIC CITY PIQUED.

Snow Squall From the Atlantic Spolls the
Boardwalk Paraie.

AtLaNtTic City, Feb. 23.—Visitora were
made the butt of a scurvy joke on the part
of the weather man to-day when snow
swirled in from the ocean to play with the
crowd which filled the boardwalk for the
noon parade. Women ran for shelter to
save expensive hats and rolling chair men
with glass enclosed vehicles reaped a small
fortune. ;

The snow lasted but a short time, but long
enough to break un the Sunday perade,
which was to be the chief event of the Washe
ington’s sirtiytay uotidav. Winter garts
ruled, anyway, in place of the expected
early apring showing. ;

Every train out was loaded to-night with
Quer
leave the heachfront houses w

 

« visitors, but enouglty remain to
filled

LIPTON HOPES FOR NEW RULE.

Expects New York Yacht Clob to Change
Conditions So That He May Challenge.

Sir Thomas Lipton has been expressing
hie opinions on America’s cup racing again
and has also expressed the hope that he will
be able to arrange a race for the coveted
trophy for next year.
on members of the New York Yacht Club

| changing their recent decision and agreeing
to comptee with boate of a wholesome type.
Just how this change is to be brought about
| Sir Thomas does not state, but he does say
' that if the conditions are not changed, as
| far as he is concerned the cup will remain
on this side of the Atlantic forever.

Sir Thomas has been visiting in Colombo
| He was interviewed there by a correspondent
| of the Sporting Chronicle and told him he

wished to racevagain. This bare statement
was cabled here, but in the interview Sir
Thomas made a strong argument in favor
of the safe and sane yacht. He was asked
about the cost of racing for the America’s
cup.

“The cost of an America’s cup race?” he
mused. “Well, [ don’t care to say, it. varies
every year. But Shamrock I. and other
expenses of the race cost me about a quartey
of a million sterling.

“Yes, lam —. to compete again in 1909
but not under the old conditions. They are
too dangerous. You remember that the mast
of Shamrock II. came down during a race,
while the last time | had Shamrock III.'at
Weymouth a mast collapsed and killed |
chief steward, who was standing beside the
and injured seven other men.

“But {| am hoping that the Americans
will change their ideas upon yachting, espe-
cially regarding those antiquated freak
designs which govern the cup boats.

“| don't want to risk any more lives in
crossing the Atlantic with such a frail craft.
The Americans are good sportsnren—as fine
as apy in the world: ail mi@akes went ever
in my favor--but personal risk is too much
to expect. The American clubs. consider
that races should be governed by yacht
club rules—and only this international race
for the cup is sailed under the rule made

fifty-six years ago.

“boats built under that rule would not
be allowed to race in connection with any
club in Europe or America. Why, the New
York Yacht Club, under whose auspices this
race is held, have created a rule debarrin
poate of this special rer being sailed at al
in their own races exceptin 8 one

“Winer last on od it wee foi sine
modern design under their present conditions,
which I naturally believed would meet their
requirements completely. =

“They would have had all the ‘pal ,» as no

acht has yet been designed and built under
their esent rules, while the Americans haye
alvendy had experience in building very fast
boats under those rules—boats of a
worthy type. All boats built for racing in
our home waters are governed by the tnuter-
national rule, which operates in Great Britain,
France, Germany and Spain and Portugal.

“In the case of cup races the type boat
has been getting more freakish and exag-

erated every year. hey can build anything
they like quite safely, but I have to cross the
ocean, to the danger the lives of all my
men. That they will modify matters, how-
ever, I feel sure. I received only this morn-
ing, in fact, a cable from America Saying:
‘Will you challenge for a 90 footer? And [
have replied that size is no objection.”

“But if they do not alter their conditions,
Sir Thomas’

“Then the cup, so far as I am concerned,”
answered the barenet, “will remain over the
water forever and there will be no _ sport
I've been after tha

 

fine sea-

t cup since the Thistie
sailed, twenty years ago. If I get it we will
transfer the greatest yachting event in the
world to the En m

giish coast.

 

a

Poel

RANCH OFFICES

The SEM Sem

DAILY
SUNDAY
EVENING

|
|
|

AP VERTISE-
| ments and sube
scriptions may be left
at these offices, where

the rates are the same
as those charged at
| main office. :: 3: 33

ene.

 

Lee

NEW YORK CITY — Wall
Street Men may leave sub-
scriptions and advertisements |
at the Wall Street office, |
25 Broad Street. Telephone
2200 Beekman.

1393 Broadway, near 38th Sr.
241 West 125th Street.

BROOKLYN — 106 Livingston
Street, near Court Street.

BOSTON, MASS.—Room 26,
Globe Bldg., Washington St.
—T. P. Harrison.

NEWARK, N. J.—704 Broad
St.—F. N. Sommer.

CHICAGO, ILL.—1002-1004
Tribune Bldg.—Guy S. Osborn.

ATLANTIC CITY, N. J.—
Walter E. Edge.

He is basing his hopes |

FROM ARGENTINA,FOR MURDER

 

SYRIAN BROUGHT BACK TO BE
TRIED IN ROANOKE, VA.

 

Nearly a Year Since Faris Filed After Knif-
ing Assaid—Made for Canada and
Dropped His Knife in the St. Law-
rence—Went Into Business in Chilecito.

In the second cabin of the American
liner St.Louis, in yesterday from Southamp-
ton and Cherbourg, was Moses Faris, a
young, spectacled Syrian whose fellow
voyagers did not know was under arrest
for the murder of Frank Assaid, a Syrian
merchant, at Roanoke, Va., on March 22,
1907. Detective D. O. Baldwin had charge
of the Syrian and they saw each other by
appointment once a day on the trip. _Bald-
win was confident that his prisoner would
not attempt to escape by the deep sea route,
because he has a distinct impression that
he will be acquitted by a Virginia jury.
When the liner docked, passengers to whom
the Syrianghad made himself particularly

agreeable were surprised to see him on the
pier, like Eugene Aram, with “gyves upon
his wrist.” The detective did not want to
take any chances on dry land.

| Faris himself, regretting that the hand-
cuffs prevented the proper gestures that

zo with earnest Syrian speech, told how he
killed Assaid. There were two factions of

Syrian merchants in Roanoke, Faris said,

and they cut each other's throats, meta-

phorically, for the custom of the whites
and blacks of the town. He was the man-
| ager of a store and Assaid owned another
store. They met on a street in Roanoke
when no one was near them, and according
| to Faris, Assaid stopped him and catching
| his by the shoulder turned him around
and calling him a vile name in his native
language took out a jackknife and began
cutting him. The first thrust, Faris de-
| clares, was in his forehead over the right
| eye, and he showed ascar to proveit, Faris
| Saale out his jackknife and opened the
blade as he retreated from his assailant.

Faris was slashed on the hand and then

slipped his own blade into the side of As-
said, who fell. Wiping the blood from his
knife Faris shut it upand put it in his pocket.

He say he went directly to the court

| house to give himself up and tell how he hap-

| pened to kill Assaid, but he found a throng
of Assaid's friends around the entrance
to the court house and fearing that he

; would be attacked he took the first train

| going north, and kept on going until he

| reached Canada. He threw his jackknife
into the St. Lawrence.

After he thought it safe to venture back
into the United States he came to New
York. He had received a letter from hia
cousins in Chilecito, Argentina, asking bim
| to go there and go into partnership with

them. He had about $600 to invest and
took a Lamport and Holt steamship
fron, this port for Buenos Ayres. He
made his way to Chilecito, still retaining
his name, and was prospering when the
detective located him.

The authorities of Roanoke and the frienas
of the dead merchant had offered a reward
for the capture of Faris, and Baldwin’s
agency had sent out postal cards to every
Syrian colony in every part of North and
South America. A borin in Chilecito
gave the clue to Baldwin, and with a United
States warrant backing that of the State of

— Baldwin went down and got

‘aris.

The cousins of Faris decided to fight his
extradition. The provincial court ruled
Against Faris, and his attorneys took the
case to the Federal court, which upheld
the lower court. Finally the case got to
Buenos Ayres before the Supreme Court
and Faris was extradited. It took four
months to get to the final tribunal. Thia,
the detective explained, waa due to the
leisurely processes of law in Argentina.

The court 7 at 11 A. M. and closes at
noon, when all hands, including the learned
Judges, take a siesta. They are truly de-

' liberate, the detective says. They return

leisurely to the court at 1 o'clock or there-
abouts and hold session until 2 o'clock
if the weather is pleasant. Then every-
body, puffing a cigarette, goes home, to
some place of amusement or lounges in
the open air in a shady place.

The attorneys who Relea Baldwin con-
gratulated him on the phenomenal celerity
of the extradition proceedings, which had
broken all Argentine records. He heard of
the case of an Englishman named Balfour
acoused of embezzlement in England, who
had come to Argentina and become a pros-
perous planter. He fought extradition and
at the end of six or seven years he was taken
to England. The sessions of the various
courts, Baldwin says, avera about two
hours a day and millions of cigarettes were
consumed in arriving at the various con-
clusions that eventually wound up with
Balfour making a trip to London. He
came back again and resumed work on his
plantation, living an upright life. °

On his trip from Buenos A to South-
ampton Faris had the same freedom of the
ship that he had on the American liner,
but he was under close watch during his
transfer to her. He started for Roanoke

esterday in charge of the chief of the

ldwin agency, G. S. Ward.

|

|
|
'
|
|

 

IOLANDA'S LAUNCHING.

Morton F. Plant on His Way to England
for the Ceremony.

Ex-Commodore Morton F. Plant sailed
for England last Tuesday to be present at
the launching of his new steam yacht lolanda,
which is building at Leith. This yacht ia
much larger than the Venetia, Mr. Plant's
Present steamer, and will be up to date in
every detail. He hopes to have the vessel in
commission in time to be present at the re-
gattas at Kiel and at Cowes during the coming
season.

The Cassandra, the new steam yacht build-
ing for Commodore Roy A. Rainey by the
Scott Engineering Company at Greenock,
from designs by A. 8S. Chesebrough was
launched last Wednesday. This yacht will
be used first by Commodore Rainey for
cruises on the other side and will come here
later in the seasow and act as the flagship of
the Indian Harbor Yacht Club.

The Cassandra is a steel vessel 281 feet over
all, 238 feet on the water line, 32 feet 10 inches
beam and 14 feet 4 inches draught. She is
equipped with triple, expansion engines that
will drive her at a high rate of speed

The arrangements of this yacht are elabo-
rate. On the shade deck will be a cabin,
chart room and captain's room. On the main
deck forward will be the galley, pantry,
mesa room and cold storage room and aft
will be the drawing and smoking rooms and
at the after end an observation house. Below
will be rooms for the officers forward and
for the owner and his guesta aft. These
rooms will be finished with handsome woods
with furniture to match

Manchester Challenges for Quincy Cup.
| Boston, Feb. 23.—The Corinthian Vacht

Club of Marblehead, ,holder of the Quineoy
cup, has received a challenge for the trqphy
from the Manchester Yacht Club. The ehal-
lenge has been accepted and races will be
sailed off Marblehead Kock on Auguat 10, 11
and 12, or until the cup has been successfully
defended or won. The trophy is open to
challenges from other clube until May 15
and it is expected that at least one more will
be received, that being the Guiney Y. C.

 

Bronze Statue of George Dixon.

Boston, Feb. 23.—The monument that was
subscribed for by sporting men to mark the
resting place of George Dixon, the colored
Agheer. will be unveiled on Memorial day.
The statue will be made of standard bronze,

' 4 feet 6 inches in height. It will show Dixon

| full length, attéred in pesteg clothes, with
the right hand resting on the hip and the

left hanging by the side. On a bronze plate
at the base will be the following inseription:
“Freeted in memory of George Dixon by the
sport loving public of Amerie.”

 

No Extra Charge for tt.
Advertisements for THE Sun and Tas
EveniIno Sun may be left at any American
District Messenger office in the city.

a ee ee

ee
LLL LLL A ee

ae

STAND

Mj
ell.
ON EVE

—Better every year.

Mount

—because It’s

LOWER BAY YACHT RACES.

for Championships.

The delegates to the Yacht Racing Associa-
tion at a meeting held last week made some
important changes in the way the champion-
ships of the lower bay are to be decided next
racing season. Instead of the six clubs in the
association each holding a championship re-
gatta there are to be fourteen races for the
honors and in order to allow yachtsmen to
get their boats in good racing trim before the
start of these races the first event has been
set for June 20, and from that date until Sep-
tember 19 a championship race will be sailed
each Saturday. The system of scoring has
also been changed and points will count from

A boat to qualify must start in at least ten
races. :

A change Was been made in the starting
of the races. The course signals will be set
at 2:45 each afternoon and by lumping the
classes much time will be saved Classes
M, 8 and P will be sent off together at 3 o'clook,
class Q at 3:05, class R and the handicap
class at 3:10, class S at 3:15 and the doriea
at 3:20. All marks in future will carry a
red ball with a white band instead of the
club signal, as in the races last year.

‘The dories, which will be out in force this
season, are tor for a championship oane
and these boata will race twice around a
course with marks off the Aftiantic club
house dock at Sea Gate, the Bensonhurst
and Fort Hamilton marks. ‘This course ia a
little longer than the one over which the do-
ries raced last summer.

In arranging the schedule the Atlantic club
has eight races, the Bensonhurst club five,
the Brooklyn Yacht Club and the Marine
and Field Club two each and_the Crescent
club and the New ork Canoe Club one each.
The last race of the season will be sailed on
September 26

 

N. ¥. U. INSIGNIA AWARDED.

Athletic Association Recognizes Crew and
Basketball Team.

The executive committee of the athletic
association of New York University at a meet-
ing held on Thursday took up the matter of
insignia for new men and basketball players.
The committee recommended ‘to the athletic
association for Patification that: “Relative
to basketball, first, that a monogram called
the basketball monogram be given to the
men who have played in ten twenty minute
halves and at least five regular intercollegiate
games or the equivalent thereof; second,
that the monogram be the regular monogram
of N. Y. inside of U. and that the B. B. be
linked, che letter on either side of the U;
third, in view of the fact that last year’s season
was successful, the team consisting of Long-
worth, ‘08; Dale, ‘09; G. Young, "00; Bowe, ‘09:
Tuohy, ‘10, and Girdansky, "10, be awarded
said ketbail monogram, fourth, that the
manager of the team also receive the mono-

ram,

° “Relative to the crew: First, that there
be a monogram called the crew monogram:
second, that men entitled to the monogram
must fulfil certain conditions; viz., if the
orew rows in one race a man must participate
in that race, if there are two races he must
row in both, if there be three races he must
row in two of them, if the crew rows in an
intercollegiate regatta each man participating
shall receive his monogram: third, the mono-

ram shall consist of crossed oars with N. Y.
ff C. in the spaces; fourth, that the men who
rowed In last year’s Harlem regatta, namely

‘08; A. Young, ‘00: Bernstein, ‘0a:
Decker, "10; W. Reynolds, ‘10: Griffiths, ‘ox:

. Ww . ‘07; Van Horne, ‘07, and Acker-
man, '08, be awarded the monogram: fifth that
the manager receive the monogram.” '

RACE FOR N. Y. U. CREW.

Match With Georgetown Scheduled for
First Saturday in May.

Manager Huntington of the New York
University crew has announced that a race
with Georgetown University had been ar-
ranged for the first Saturday in May, but the
date may be changed. The rave will be heid
on the Potomac River, over a course one mile
and 560 yards straightaway. The arrange-
ments made with Manager Woods of George-
town are highly satisfactory. The faculty's
approval is all that is at present wanting to
practically complete all arrangements.

Connell, coach of the sight, last night
expressed his great satisfaction with the
race and looks forward to sending a well
balanced crew to the Potomac. The men this
year are experienced and have been training
on the machine all winter. Of last year’s
crew there are: W. E. Thompson, ‘08, bow;
A. Young, "08 (captain); W. Reynolds "lO, 3:
S. Bernstein, ‘00, 4: D. Decker, ‘10, 6; A. Grif-
fith, ‘08, 7: A. Ackerman, coxaw&in. About
thirty other men are ont for the eight

The local institution took 4 rowing a4 a
aport last vear for the first time and in the
Harlem regatta the crew made an excellent
showing. Further, the aluroni are backing the
sport and there are prospects of another
satercollegiate race.

OPN LT Tx)
Val pouel

the greatest number of starters in one race. |

e
Men!
™, ae ee

S FOR

SZENUINE

eee

TRADE MARK

RY BOX ;

a

  
 
   
  
 
  

THE GENUINE WELSBACH MANTLES
Are made of compact, homogeneous fibers of pure Thoria
and Ceria Oxides—thus giving the Maximum Strength
and Light. We mine the mineral, refine and purify it
and make the finished mantle.
Mines to You—is rigidly supervised. Made for 20 years

No Pure Food Law Ever
Questioned the Purity of

Wei

Pure Rye
Whiskey

Square

Ask for the

Square Bottle
[Distillery Bottling)

COOK & BERNHEIMER CO., New York

Every detail—from the

The best is the “J” brand Welsbach, price 30c.
Other Welsbachs, 25c, 20c, 15c and 10c.
Bach priced to a standard of greatest value in
DURABILITY, BRILLIANCY and GAS ECONOMY.
Buy the mantle with This Shield of Quality on the Box.
WELSBACH COMPANY, Manufacturers.
All Dealers, and Welsbach Store, 1133 Broadway.

 
       
 
    

 

 

INTERNATIONAL FOOTBALL.

Association Makes Changes in Condit!ons | England Defeats Irciand, 13 Points te 3

After a Slashing Game.

England and Ireland met for the thirty-
second annual match at Rugby football about
two weeks ago at Kichmond in the presence
After the close scratch.
Englishingn were.

of 20,000 spectators .

England gave Wales the

favorites, especially as the Irish fiftest

seven untried men on it. Ireland on, She
toss and played with the breeze. The
forwards did good work, but the passing of
the backs was poor and they made miserable
England had the best of the score
at half time, the figures bein
In the second half Englan

fumbles.

ing and short rushes made grea

the Irish and had all the best of ¢
Finally the match resulted in Englan

ing 2 goals, 1 try—13 points, to one penalty
o0al—3 points for Ireland.

Out of the thirt:

wo matches played England has won
Ireland 11 and 1 was a draw.

 

 

3 points to 0.
by good kiok-
t on

y.

8 Sosr

‘el

ow

WATERS ©
PIANOS ©

| An artistic

on

 

 

paid. Also

| strung bass, full

| some Case.

  

| without interest.
| and delivery free.

  

 

 
  
 

 

7 ee sss

 

254 West st

 

| Style A— Waters Upright

iano of the highest

| grade, celebrated for fine tone and

| great durability, one of our lead.

ing and most popular styles,
y

|
$10 down and $7 monthly until

| Style 85—Chester Piano

7 1-3 octave, 3-stringed, over-

iron frame,

| ivory keys, fine tone and hand-
Warranted six years.

$190

|
| on payments of only
{

$5 Per Month

Stool, tuning

|. Send postal for catalogue with
reduced prices and terms on the

Waters 3-Year System

giving you three years’ time on
a piano without interest.

Horace Waters & Co, |

Three Stores:

134 Fifth Ave., near (8th St,
127 West 42d St., nr. B’way

Harlem Branch (Open Evenings)