:
|
|
|

—— ee i ne

Pend

og ee

 

te reer nrc

~

The SS Sun.
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1908.

Bavered at the Post Office at New York as Second
Class Mal) Matter.

 

 

 

 

 

Sudscriptions by Mall, Postpaid.

It is obvious that auch a rise in the price |
of fuel will fall with peculiar severity
upon the very who as it is find it
difficult to keep ves warm in
winter. But that is nogall or the worst.
If the wages paid by British manufac- |
turers should go up in proportion to the |
advance in the price of coal, workmen, |
of Course, would gain in one direction
what they would lose in another. This,

   

but this inference is shown to be incor-
rect when we examin the reasoning by
which the court reached its conclusion.
If Congress can deny the right of an
employer to dismiss an employee because
he belongs to a labor organization, it
can deny the right of an employee to ,
quit the service of a corporation because |
that corporation insists upon employing
persons who do not belong to a labor

DAILY, Per Month.............sseeseseeeees so so | however, would not be the case. The | organization. In other words, the right

pens. Per Year
SDAT, Pee TOO. 65.5: .c-cccccccocesdove
DALY AND SUNDAY, Per Year...........-

DAILY AND SUNDAY, Per Month
Pustage to fureign countries edded.

would manifestly be heightened by his ,
increased outlay for coal, and if under |
such a disability he is to continue to

Puplisned by the Sun Painting and Publishing | Cornpeve with foreign rivals, American |

Association at 170 Nassau street, in the Borough of
Manbattan, New York. President and Treasurer
Of the Association, William M. Laffan. 170 Nassau
Street; Secretary of the Association, Franklia

Deguett, 5 Nassau street.

Bue Gaily and Sunday Sew ie on sale in London
at Murray's Exchange, Trafaigar Bulldings, North-
wmberiand avenue: Pal) Mall American and Co-
lotla) Exchange, Cariton street, Regent sireet, and
Daw's Steamship Agency, 17 Green street, Leicester

Paris office, 32 Rue LoutsieGrand. The dally and
Sunday editions. are on sale at Kiosque 12, near the
Grand Hotel: Klosque 77, Boulevard des Capueines,
oorner Place de!'Op ra, and Kiosque 19, Boulevard
es Ivaliens, corner Rue Louis le Grand.

 

2? our friends who favor us with manuseripts for
tubiication wish to have rejected articles returned they
smos IM Gli cuses Send Stanps /OF that purpose.

 

Rallway Valuation.

Mr. La FOLLETTE frequently and Mr.
ROOSEVELT occasionally sing their little
song about the necessity for a physical
valuation of the railway properties cf
the United States. The President's latest
public note was sounded in his mes-
sage of January $1. It was not a clarion

'

 

 

 

|

or European, he will surely feel himself |
constrained to lower wages rather than |
raise them. The temptation to take
auch a course will be intensified because |
the present Government has repealed
the export duty on British coal which |
was imposed by its predecessor. Since*
the date of the repeal the d>mand in|
parts of Europe has been 60 great that |
the price of coal in the home market
has undergone a remarkable advance.

sion bill, which, it is understood, will |
dj Ter y from the German prec- |
edent makes workmen, their em- |
ployers and the State contribute to a |
pension fund from which contributors |
alone may derive any benefit. Under |
the British projected bill every human |
being in the United Kingdom who shall |
have reached a prescribed age—this, it |
is expected, will be sixty-five—will be |
entitled to draw a certain sum of money

weekly from the imperial exchequer.

How are the pensions to be paid? Mr.

note, but it was sounded. The matter | ASQUITH, the Chancellor of the Ex- |
has now reached the point of a request | Chequer, said a year ago that he should |

on the part of the Senate Committee on
Interstate Commerce to the Interstate

Commerce Commission for an opinion on | POS¢, but the sum so set aside would
the question. The opinion is in process | fall very far short of the amount needed

of preparation.

“earmark” or reserve a specifod frac- |
tion of the nationa) revenue for the pur- |

to give even so small a stipend as three

As @ matter of theory there may bo | dollars a week to every man and woman ,

no reason why the physical value of a | sixty-five years of age or older. How is

railway should not be ascertained as is
the value of any other enterprise. Asa
matter of fact the ascertainment of such
value is attended by endless difficulty.
A valuation*may be made on any one

of a numbenpf different bases and a dif- | the latter course should be followed,

ferent result secured in each case. In
the matter of the Kansas City stock
yards (CoTTING vs. Kansas City Stock
Yards Company, 183 U. S., 91) Justice
BREWER said that in ascertaining the
fair value of the property used by a cor-
poration maintaining a highway under
legislative sanction “the original cost
of construction, the amount expended in
permanent improvements, the amount
and market value of its bonds and stock,
the present as compared with the origi-
nal cost of construction, the probable
earning capacity of the property under
particular rates prescribed by statute
and the sum required to meet operating
expenses are al] matters for considera-
tion.” He added, “we do not say that
there may not be other matters to be
regarded in estimating the value of the
property.”

Assume the appointment of three sepa-
rate commissions, each con isting of
five M@@mbers selected for their ability,
and ;each supported by all necessary
clerks and assistants. Assume the as-
signment of al] three to an appraisal
of the property of the Pennsylvania
Railroad, each to work with entire inde-
pendence and wholly without even com-
munication with either of the others.
We venture the assertion that when
their work was done and the returns were
submitted the appraisements would be
many millions of dollars apart. The
work has been attempted in many in-
stances by State and local boards for
the purpose of fixing a basis for taxa-
tion, and in every case, we believe, results

_ have been secured by methods which were

more or less arbitrary.

The theory that a parallel lies between
a valuation that will serve as a basis
for taxation or a valuation that wil]
serve an industrial enterprise as a basis
for profit making and a railway valua-
tion that will serve as a foundation for
the fixing of traffic charges is unsound.
The price of commodities is readily ad-
justed to changes in market condi-
tions, to advance or decline in wage
rates. Traffic charges have no such elas-
ticity, and can only be adjusted with
difficulty.

Our present system is not ideal, but
the facts and figures show that .it is at
least not grossly inequitable. Few now
regard our rate charges as unreasonable;
few allege extravagant or incompetent
railway management, and the figures
do not show exorbitant railway profits.
A physical valuation of the railways of
the country would be exceedingly ex-
pensive; it would consume several years,
and when it was done the results would
in all probability be of very little use or
value.

 

Some Remarkable Legisiation Con-
templated in England.

In the legislative programme which the
Bannerman Government has determined
to carry out during the present session
of Parliament, so far, at least, as the
House of Commons is concerned, there
are two features of worldwide interest.
We refer to the bill for shortening the
working hours of coal miners, which is
expected to lessen England's annual
output of the combustible by about one-
fifth; and secbndly, to the old age
pension bill, which, unlike the pension
law of Germany, will apply to every in-
habitant above a specified age, and,
again unlike the German law, will not
make the receipt of a pension depend
on the preceding payment of con-
tributions by the beneficiary. We may
say at once that if the former bill is
placed upon the statute book British
manufacturers will be handicapped in
their competition with their American
rivals, while if such an old age pension
scheme as we have mentioned shall te
ganctioned in the United Kingdom it
will be difficult if not impossible to
prevent a reproduction of it on this side
of the Atlantic.

Let us take up these proposed innova-
tions in their order and mark their full
significance. It is computed by experts
that the bill shortening the working
hours of coal miners will if it become a
law increase the pripe of coal, already
high, by at least sixty-two cents a ton.

the deficit to be made good? Shall
great economies be carried out in the
military, naval and civil administration,
or shall new sources of revenue be
tapped? The Labor party insists that

and there are indications that the Liberal
leaders are inclined to acquiesce in the
demand. That is to say, they will get
the money required for old age pensions
by increasing the income tax and the |
death duties, thus making the rich sup-
port the poor. We need not point out
that if such an old age pension scheme |
is accepted n England there will be |
plenty of men in the United States, as
well as in France, to clamor for a coun-
terpart of it.

There is no civilized people which has
not cause to watch narrowly the doings
of the British Parliament during its
present session.

 

 

Popwists All.

At the “mass convention” of the Peo-
ple’s party of Montana Saturday, for the |
purpose of electing delegates to the |
Populist national convention, only two
Populists were present. Yet Montana
has had a Populist Governor; and until
within a year or two Populists have held
a half or so of the State offices.

In other States the visible shrinking
of the Populist strength may not have
been quite as marked, but everywhere
the Populists are a disappearing race.
Only the fierce, untamable, Puritan
Middle-of-the-Roaders survive.

Yet this vanishing party, has con-
quered as no other party in American
politics. If it has almost lost its sepa-
rate entity and name, its spirit and its
principles have been a bed eagerly
by the Republicans and by the Demo-
crats.

There is no Republican party, save in
name. There is-no Democratic party,
save in name. Two great Populist par-
ties, each bidding against the other,
possess the land. The gospels of Ocala
and Omaha prevail.

 

The Decision in the Adair Case,
The decision of the Supreme Court of

the United States in the Adair case,
when thoroughly understood, turns out
to be just a8 favorable to the interests of
organized labor as it was supposed to be
favorable to the interests of employers,
Indeed, it expressly declares that the
employee and the employer are entitled
to equality of right before the law, and
that “any legislation which disturbs that
equality is an arbitrary interference with
the liberty of contract which no govern-
mnt can legally justify in a free land.”

WILLIAM ADAIR was a master me-
chanig, of the Louisville and Nashville
Railroad Company in Kentucky, and as
such had power in behalf of the corpora-
tion to employ and discharge locomotive
firemen. On October 15, 1906, he dis-
charged a fireman named O. B. Coppacr
because of his membership in the labor
organization known as tha Order of |
Locomotive Firemen. ADAIR was in-
dicted for this act, under the Federal!
statute which makes it a misdemeanor
“to unjustly discriminate against any
employee because of his membership in
such a labor corporation, association cr
organization.” He demurred to the In-
dictment; which means that he admit-
ted the act charg+d in the indictment
but contended that it was not within the
authority of Congress under the Consti-
tution to declare such an act to be unlaw-
ful. The trial court held against him in
this respect, and upon the subsequent
trial he was found guilty of the accusa-
tion and sentenced to pay to the United
States a fine of one hundred dollars. The
case was then taken to the Supreme
Court at Washington.

The question which the appellant
brought up for consideration and de-
termination is thus stated by Mr. Jus-
tice HARLAN, who wrote the prevailing
opinion:

“May Congress make it a criminal offence against
the United States for an agent or officer of an
interstate carrier, baving full authority Im the
premises from the carrier, to discharge an em-
ployee from service simply because of his member-
ship in 4 labor organization?”

This question has been answered by a
majority of the Judges in the negative.

At first blush, the statement that the
question has been thus answered con-
veys the idea that the decision is neces- |

 

sarily unfavorable to the Workingman; |

j

| antagonistic to organized labor.

6 00 | cost of a British manufacturer’s products | of & master to dismiss a servant, in the

absence of an express contract on the
subject, for any reason which seems to
him sufficient cannot be questioned with- |
out at the same time questioning the
right of the servant to leave the employ- |
ment for any cause which he deems
sufficient. As Mr. Justice HARLAN points
out, unless there is a contract between
the parties co:trolling their conduct .
toward éach other and fixing a period |
of service, their rights are procal;
that is to say, the propositién that a
man cannot be compelled against his
will to remain in the personal service of |

| another, which is undoubtedly correct, |
Now let us glance at the old age pen- | demands the reciprocal conclusion that | even named, and 2,046 have each an area

an employer is not under any legal obli- |
gation against his will to retain an em-
ployee in his service. In the Adair |
case, COPPAGE, the locomotive fireman,
was under no obligation to remain in the
employment of the Louisville and Nash-
ville Railroad Company a moment longer
than he chose so to do. He could leave
it whenever he liked, for any reason he
liked, or without assigning any reason
at all. This being the case, the railroad |
company, or ADAIR acting in its behalf,
was equally at liberty under the law to
discharge COPPAGE with or without any
reason. Its action in so doing may have
been most unwise and may have given
the Order of Locomotive Firemen good
cause for criticising the corporation in
the domain of morals or economics; but
it was lawful, unless we are prepared to
say that Congress cduld properly re-
strict the right of CoppaGE to leave the |
service of the railroad company at his
own free will.

There is one other consideration which
makes it still plainer that the decision
in the Adair case is really in no sense
If Con-
gress could interfere with the right
of an employer to discharge an employee
in the manner attempted by the statute
to which we have referred, there is no
reason why it could not require those
corporations which operate interstate
railway lines to employ in the conduct
of their business only persons who were
not members of labor organizations. It
may be said that there is not much
danger of any_such legislation, but that
fact does not make any difference in re-
gard to the principle involved. Under
the Fifth Amendment to the Constitution
of the United States, which declares that
no person shall be deprived of liberty
without due process of law, the employer
and the employee stand on an absolute
equality; and the same freedom of action
which it guarantees to the servant must
be allowed to the master. “It is a part
of every man’s civil rights,” said that
great lawyer Chief Justice Cooney of
Michigan, “that he be left at liberty to
refuse business relations with any per-
son whomsoever, whether the refusal
rests upon reason or is the result of whim,
caprice, prejudice or malice. With his
reasons neither the public nor third per-
sons have any legal concern.” This
rule applies equally to master and to
servant, to employer and to employee,
It is the basis of the decision in the
ADAIR case, which, far from giving the
workingman just cause for complaint, is,
indeed, an emphatic assertion of his
complete liberty of action under the
law.

 

Bryan and the Bushwhackers.

{

Our old familiar friend the Peerless
One of the Pla‘ te has just told the Illinois
Democrats at Springfield what he thinks
of “bushwhackers.” He means by that
such delegates to the Denver convention
as have not been instructed to vote for
him. Of course that is not the real
significance of the term, which was
applied more than forty years ago to the
followers of Jim LANE of Kansas—as
brave a set of men as ever rode to battle
anywhere. Mr. BRYAN has converted it
to his uses, nevertheless, and we know
exactly what he intends to say. Under-
standing nothing of real war, the Ne-
braska Colone may not be aware that
“bushwhacker” is at leas as descriptive
as “Rough Rider,” if not more so.

But Mr. BRYAN, according to all present
prospects, need not be afraid. For the
moment it looks as though there will be
no “bushwhackers”. worth mentioning
at Denver. Naturally in these half
crazy times no’ ody can see four weeks
ahead, but as things stand now both
conventions are likely to be packed.
There will be no threshing of the chap-
arral to discover hidden enemies. There
will be no enemies to discover. The des-
tinies of eighty-odd millions of people,
with means of prosperity unparalleled
in the history of the world, are in the
hands of two men and may the devil
take the hindmost!

“Bushwhackers!” Why, in the sense
in which the word was applied in 1861
and 1862 the nation would be well off
and Mr. Bryan and his kind forgotten
if the woods were full of them to-day.

 

The authorities in Philadelphia have for-
bidden the holding of anarchist meetings
in that city hereafter. In this State the law
for the repression of anarchist meetings
has not been a conspicuous success and the
prosecutions under it have stirred up sym-
pathy for the accused, The suppression of
talk meets with slight encouragement from
the public. Moreover, if anarchist meet-
ings are to be prohibited, why should not
the more fiery of the Socialists be arrested
when they denounce the existing political
and eocial conditions?

 

The Hon. Accustvs Psasopy Garpner,
M. C., who made the Hon. Henry Casor }
Lopoz famous, is carrying war into the
bowels of Massachusetts:

“1am for going out after instructed delegates
and getting them or dying In the attcmpt.”

He and Mr. Coss, who comes fr Mil-
ton, that golden country, have interviewed
the Grand Elector on the subject. The
Grand Elector “did not commit himself,”
Mr. GARDNER says. That silence voted
Yes very loudly in Mr. Garpnen’s ears;
and Coss of Milton, chairman of the execu-
tive committee of the Massachusetts Taft

 
 

‘, f
‘ ene

¢,_MOND AY, FEBRUARY

League, got his cue, too. “There ie no use
in crying Peace! Peace! when there is no
peace,” says Coss of Milton, who

gether in unity.

 

eumber of separate
Philippines aa about
accepted, and as late as 1008
books were still giving these figures.
the American exploring and survey
have gone on scanning every bit of water
for @ new land surface big enough for one
or more men to stand on, till the list makes
8,141 separate items, with large counti
stilltohea from Many hundreds of these
bita of land, now first introduced to tre
mape, fill al) requirements of the economiets
who insist that three acres and a cow are
able to meet every necessity of a family.
But most of them are mere specks in the
great aggregation; 1,473 of them are not

u

less than a tenth of a aquare mile.
numerous and almost negligible are
members of the family of which Luzon
the fourteenth and Mindanad the sixteenth
largest island in the world.

aa aes

A CAVALRYMAN'S PROTEST.

 

To raz Eprton oF Tae Scux—Sir: Out
here at a post in the far Northwest I have
Just read the article in Tags Scw about the
horsemanship test at West Point. Colonel
Scott, the Superintendent, has said that the
new method of assigning graduates “nullifies
the classification based on scholarship and
discipline, to the detriment of both.” He
taxes as an example Cadet (now Lieutenant)
Arnold, who stood No. 66 ip his class and
Was qualified for the mounted service and
who asked for that branch but did not get
4& commission in it. Cadet Arnold was, in
the opinion «’ his class, an excellent horse-
man; out he cid not play polo as much as
some other men because he was confined ‘to
barracks a good dea! of the time. He did
care a great deal for horses and would have
made a much better cavairyman than in-
fantryman.

‘the same could be sald of man after man
of the class of 1907—men who, to quote an
article in the Army and Navy Journal of
February 2, “had worked four long rears
at West Point to get a certain branch of
the service and who qualified in riding, too,”
but who are now in the infantry or else have
resigned. Why? Because they have seen
their efforts wasted, the work of those four
hard years gone for nothing. Unkindest
cut of all, they had seen men put into the
mounted branches who could ride not one
bit better than they and in two or three
cases not nearly as well. That was the
thing that hurt most, and, as the Army and
Nav Journal stated, was doubtiess the de-
termining factor in causing the resignation
of so manv men from the last class.

It has been stat that the assignments
were made for ee of the service in
that the infantrv got_so few graduates
of late. oes the War Department or the
infantry think the “foot” will be benefited
one bit bv forcing men under such circum-
stances to go into it only to be alwavs dis-
satisied—men who were renily entitled to
the cavalry or the field artillery? Far from
it. Those men’s best efforts can never be
given to the Government, because thev know
how shabbily thev have been treated.

Furthermore, thev have no redress, for thev
lack even that privilege which is accorded
other officers. of traneferring to another
branch, and all becanse thev are araduates.

One more point: Who composed the “board
of o™Mcers” that passed judement on cadets’
qualifications in horsemanshin? Nobody hae
as vet been able co find out, although several
oMocers have tried. Tt seems hardiv fair
that anv one should be subjected to auch
biah handed treatment. even though he be
4 uate of the “Point.” ARMY.

PORTLAND, Ore., February 18.

English University Rowdiness.
From the London Glod-.

For some time past alarmist accounts of “ragging”
and disorderly behavior on the part of Oxford and
Cambridge undergraduates have been published
in various quarters. A radical change is taking
place In the tone, it might also be said in the quality.
of undergraduate ife, a change which because of
ite gradual growth apparently been unnoticed
by those before whose eyes it is occurring. But
any one who was, say twenty years or so ago, at
either university and has not eince visited it
would be astonished and dismayed by the alteration
that has come over undergraduate manners, it
might almost be added, morals. We are not ailud-
ing to “rags” and so forth which are confined to
the colleges, which are for the most part. if not
entirely what they always have been, mere ebulil-
tions of boyish high spirits, foolish, maybe, but not
unmannerly or unmaniy, What we do refer to Is
the undoubted existence of what can only be fitiy
described as “hooliganism,” exhibited by a certain
set of undergraduates I@pubitc.

At Cambridge some time since a policeman
was 60 scvereiy mauled by a party of under-
graQuates that he was crippled for life. No one
was punished. In former days it was always
Town vs. Gown, and heaven help those who got
in between, though in a tight corner the poiice
could aiways count on varsity assistance; there is
a tendency now for tt to be Town cum Gownandto
hades with the police.

The American Colors and the English Dake.
TOTHE CvITOR OF TR SUN—Sir: Greville men-
tions In his “Memoirs” under the year 1834 that
“the Duke of Richmond during the American war,
while he was Lord Lieutenant of Sussex, salied in
& yacht through the(British] fleet when the King
was there, with American colorsat his mast head.”
The Duke quarrelied with his sovereign as early
as 1763 or 64, when he told King George at the close
of @ private audience that “he (the King’ had sald
that to him which if he was a sublect he should
not scruple to call an untruth.” The King never
forgave him for tt, according to Greville, and ap-
parently the Duke did@ not forgive the King.

It appears that the Duke sailed his yacht fying
the hostile American colors under the guns of the
fleet whicb the King was reviewing without hav-
ing 4 shot put into him or being otherwise molested,
Whence this remarkable omission? Does it not
look as if the colors were not particularly well
known there at the time? It would be a curious
accident If this was the first time they were flown
in Fnglish waters. Greville does not mention the
exact date, but no doubt any historian could sup-
ply !t. G.

ST. AUGUSTINE, Fla., February 2,

Awenities of Joaraalism.

To TwB8 Forron oF THE SUN~—Sir: The world
moves! Can you Imagine the present editor of the
Evening Post adopting as bis oWn the following words
of his Illustrious predecessor, William Cullen Bry-
ant, In a poem entitied “The Fmbargo” (1908),
directed to Thomas Jefferson, and applying them
to Theodore Roosevelt:

“Go, wretch! resign the Presidential chair,

Disclose thy secret measures, foul or fair;

Go, search with curious eye for horn 'd frogs

"Mid the wild wastes of Louisiana bogs.”

Wriuuiam C. Gitmay,

Norwicu, Conn., February 21,

 

Three Mysterious Pullman Car Names.

To Tus Fprroa or Tas Sctn~—Sir; Leaving these
ayivan solitudes the other day for New York,
where the horse cars rattle o'er the stony street,
they put me in a car called “Lobelia.” 1 almost
threw up the trip. Coming back the car was the
“Rydal,” which seemed to ride all right. But
wait, that's not the glad tidings of great Joy | started
out to tell you, which isthe Pullman Company
has at least one car where you are safe from the
porter. I saw it in Jersey City, It ls called “Dun-
robin.” Sound the glad tidings! Cc. 8. P,

PHILADELPHIA, February 22.

 

First Aid for Cold Ears.

To ras Epitor or THe SUN—Sir: If “Cold
Ears” <.il vefore' going out (or at any time when
the cars arecold) lay the inside of his Qagers against
the cage of the ears and rub them quickly back
and forth till the ears burn there will be no cold
ears tor some time, Siould they begin to feel
cold repeat. This Is a sure remedy,

BROOKLYN, Fevruary 20, FELLOW SUrvEnsR,

 

The Case of the Sprats.

Jack Sprat could eat no fit, his wife could eat
no lean,

“Investigate wiether this discrimination Is due
to business misconduct In the past,” thundered
the President,

Trembiingly they reallzed the laws of nature
were considered no great shucks,

Sp tea eh
24, -

eas
le)
io.

THE ENGLISAMAN’S DISCOV ERIES

 

No matter how you go you cannot reach
Florida by land without crossing a long,

H

i
i

|
|

:

i

|
7

:
:
t
:
i

by
i
i

5
E

&

 

 

town something | Of all three.
is the gate of Florida; | man’s heart lies through his stomach holds

sf
sie

if
i!

i
5

‘
38?
Hi

i
aE

8
=

fi
i

i
i
i

:
4

|

5
.

i
.
:
2
E

|

|
He

=

sess

§
E
E

comes St. Augustine, then Ormond, | true about antiquities, and when I ques-

when a patient has had enough of that he
must away and up into the mountains.
Florida, being a long spit laid north and
south, offers various climes on the dead
It is, in fact, a
horizonta] thermometer. The patient de-
siring more or less warmth has merely
to move to the next station in the chain,
thence to the next, as from one room to
another in a Turkish bath, so tempering
and fortifying his system till he can safely
venture home again.

To the ordinary frequenter of Florida
such considerations are momentoum Care-
less youth is conspicuously absent from
its visitors. The golden boy is at college
and the golden girl is having presumably
too good a time in the “nive candida” to

dinner table you may count eighty sil-
vered. Here at last the long sought lei-

the question has occurred to many aliens,
“Where are all the old people?” Well, in
winter they are in Florida, but they still
have to account for their summers,

The comeliest town of the east Florida
chain is St. Augustine, which calls itself th>
“Ancient City.” Tourists and antiquities
often consort, and here you have at all
events the tourists. If age is not the most
conspicuous quality of St. Augustine that
is not the fault of its hack drivers. It is as
trig and pretty a place as may be found in
a defective world, and the hack drivers
point out in it not one, but two or more
“oldest house in the United States.” “Old-

church; that the “oldest” fort; that ths
“oldest” cemetery. Much of this patter

a

i
‘

tioned a native about their cooking he ac-
knowledged a free use of garlic and a habit
of reddening their dishes with saffron. Chris-

side the town opposite to the entrance into
the lagoon. The fort is an antiquity of a
high order. It is true that it was only fin-
ished in 1750 or so, but jt was begun long
before and it has changed little since.
When the British received the town from
the Spaniards, in 1764, their surveyor in
his inventory of the place described it
as built on “Marshal Vauban'’s system.”
On Marshal Vauban’s “little system” he
might have said, for the marsha] divided
fortifications into three classes, and this

budge. Among a hundred heads at a belonged to his smallest class. But it is

singularly perfect, and the beauty of the
angles and curves in the masonry must

sured class of the United States confesses | surely be the envy .of modern builders.
its existence. In busy American cities | It was never taken. When Oglethorre

and Palmer attacked St. Augustine they
seem to have regarded this scientific struc-
ture as bey. d their as-irations. “The
Spaniards lay quietly within the walls of
their castle.” That sums up the military
history of the town. Whenever there was
an inroad the citizens fled into the castle.
On the ocasion of Col. Palmer's raid it is
recorded that “the Sranish inhabitants
of the town and country fled into the fort,
but with execrable meanness excluded the
poor Indians [their allies], who were nearly
all killed or made rrisoners.” The exquisite
elaboration of this toy, as it now seems,
though it was once so precious asavior of

est’, is the catchword of St. Augustine, as | life, brings to a literary mind the ghosts of
“centre” is of Atlanta. This is the “oldest” ; Uncle Toby and Corporal Trim, and a his-

torical regret crosses one’s memory that the
pair did not have it on their village green

; may be dismissed as mercenary and falla- | to play with, in whigh case, however, the
cious without impugning the word of | Widow Wadman mould probably have re-

history. St. Augustine is older than the | mained unsuccessful

| New England towns, but has been leas |

In a certain English college where it was

scrupulous in preserving its youth. To- | the custom to sharpen the wits of youth, as
day it cannot display relics of the same | on stropping blocks, on a regular circuit of
| rank in years. It has been devastated and | essay subjects, one of the subjects fre-
| renovated, and thereto careless, till the | quently proposed was, “What are the chief

inscription “1571” which once surmounted | characteristics of American humor?”

one of its lintels exists only in hack drivers’

fancies, and not the least venerable of ita
| monuments nowadays to a superficial eye
| is a modern hotel. It must be owned,
| however, that the hotel is a wonder.

For a moment let us imagine a party of
Europeans who had sailed for, say, the
Canaries, driven out of their course by
a serics of storms, their navigator washed
overboard and the survivors at last en.
tirely ignorant of heir whereabouts. Let
them arrive one evening off this point on
the American coast. Weary of the salt
ocean, they steer with some recklessness
through the bert of breakers along the
outlying island of Anastasia mto the still
lagoon on the shore of which lies St.
Augustine. What do their eager ayes see
blocked against the golden red sunset?
A great and extremely imposing city,
to judge by the many towers and pinnacles
and the high range of masonry looming
beyond the smaller houses just distinguish-
able in the twilight at the water's edge.
An Oriental city, it would seem, to judge
by the minaret shape of the towers and
by a Byzantine dome bulging between
them. The wanderers would surely guess
that they had somehow described a loop
in their voyage and returned to the Old
World and were now lying off some famous
city in Algiers or southern Srain. They
wait to land till next day. When the gun
rises from ocean facing the place they
discover that it is not so large as it ap-
peared against the magnifying sunset.
But their surprise and pleasure are not
lessened. a

With clean white houses among trees
and gardens ornamenting the front and a
castle or palace, as it seems, of most noble
dimensions dominating the background,
they have surely cast anchor before a
jewel of a city, and stroke their foreheads
for ita name in Granada or Sicily or Tunis.
or maybe Illyria. They to the jetty
and step ashore in the Plaza de la Consti-
tucion, which carries its lawns and foun-
tains and live oaks right through the heart
of the town to the castle walls, and as they
gaze about them they atill take it for granted
that they have made a loop. They see
some stores with English names over them
and English advertisements in the win-
dows; they see a board at the corner of a
lawn bearing the words, “What shal) it
profit a man,” &c.; and that, too, seéms
very Anglo-Saxon to them; they see tour-
ists walking and driving about whose gait
or clothes proclaim them undeniable Anglo-
Saxons, and many other signs inevitably

| found in any tourist resort of southern
Europe.

On the other hand, the natives look Span-
ish or Italian in feature and complexion;

' most of the storekeepers’ names are Latin.

narrow transverse streets without
side pavements and with overhanging

wooden balconies and here and there a

mantilla belong to the Latin concatenation,

and the many Africans are not discordant
with a Mediterranean hypothesis. They
only wonder now that so neat a town with
so noble a palace is unrecognized by any
ofthem. They gaze up atthe castle through
the trees and ask one another to what great
prince or duke it belongs. They surmise
that it is marvellously well preserved, and
one of the party ventures the guess that
its owner has married an American heiress,
by whose millions it has been renovated
and its fortifications perhaps dismantled~
unless indeed these still exist on the further

 

 

| side, where the walle of the town are pre-

!

i

a

Old
questions had old answers, and in my time
the conventional answer invented by some
prior genius to this inquiry was:*“The
irreverence of an unsophisticated mind
toward high art and the beauties of antlq-
uity.”. Which solution, I regret to say,
was invariably illustrated and supported
by quotations from the “Tramp Abroad.”
There was a kind of treachery in this reply,
for most of us were‘undeniably fond of the
“Tramp Abroad.” Still, to shuffle off one
of those detested éssays we were quite
capable of parodying a motto from a grand-
mother’s tombstone. Now, when I found
myself in this “ancient city” and saw so
many American tourists brought face to
face with the (alleged or real) beauties of
antiquity our old essay came back to my
mind, and I could not help asking myself,
“Are they really irreverent?” It appeared
to me that au fond they precisely resem-
bled European tourists confronting the
antique. They tried to be sympathetic,
but the attempt barely veiled a deadly in-
difference. After all, the natural sinful
man is the same all the world over.

 

Trick of the Grocery Trade.

To THE Epitok oF THE SUN—Sir: I recently
purchased of a first class grocer in this city a “pint”
of olive oll for the price of 40 cents, The quality
Was good.

The bottle, Instead of holding a pint, held about
two or three tabiespoonfuls over half a pint.

A. gallon of the oll, worth say $2 at wholesale,
will fill twelve or thirteen of these “pint” bottles
and bring $4.50 or 85.20 to the vender,

What makes the swindle all the more contempti-
bie, the oll was thelr own brand, put up by them
selves with their own labeig on the bottie.

Cf course they knew ail about its being put up
sbort. Cc. H. Posr.

New York, February 22.

ED
“In Respect or.”

To THs Eviror or Tas Sun—Sir: In Tax Sun of
February 13 HM. L. Lack seeks the authority for “in
respect of.” I refer him to Shakespeare's “Julius
OCmsar,” Actl.,gocue i, line 9: “In respect of & ine
workman.”

Naw YORK, February 22.

———— ee
Whon My Love Comes.
My love may come In carly spring
Through orchards, April kissed,
With happy biuebirds carolling
In dreamy skies of mist.
Then sing, glad oriole, and hush .
The mourning of the dove;
But sing! sing! boboiink and thrush; *
Of love, and love, and love!

Or she may come in summer days, *
When heated meadows rest,

And down the fetds a goidfinch sways
Upon the thistie’s crest.

Then, blackthroat,sing! You love the sun;

ing, quail, amid the heat; F

And al! your songs shall make this one,

My sweet! my sweet! my sweet!

Her path may lle through leafless trees;
Her dainty feet may stir

Soft rustiimg leaves; the chickadees
May all make love to her,

Then, sun, shine soft from golden skies;
Stay, happy wind, to kiss

Her cheek, and fii my sweetheart’s eyes
With biiss, aud bilss, and biiss!

Across 4 track of drifting snow
If she should chance to tread

‘The lingering fakes shall come and go
Around ber dariing head.

The longing fakes shall touch her hatr;
Then, snowbird, round her dart;
Sing, shining snow and shining air,

Sweetheart! Sweetheart

I would, If she shall come in spring,
That springtime might be here;

1 long for winter, If It bring
My love a day more near.

For what \s spring or what Is fal?
Love oniy makes the skies,

My love shall blend the Joy of aly
Gwees scasons in hes eyea,

TEACHER.

 
  

LL LL EL ES Oe

   
 
  

wey &

czrem SYMPATHY.
CxECm SYMP:

A Bohemian Rocalls 8. Movement Analo-
gous to the League.

To ras Eprton or Tae Scx- Sir; The
recent articles published about young Mr.
Seumas O’Sheel, alias James Shields, recall
to my mind that a very similar state of affairs
existed in Bohemia for many years to that
which seems to be im existence in Ireland
and in English spe: g countries in #0 far
as they deal with Krish matters. The facts
recounted below are well attested eo far as
they relate to great matters by testimony
of history; the smaller matters are of tradi-
tion, much of it from my father, who left
Bohemia in when he was over 90 years
old, and knew Whereof he spoke.

Bohemia, being like Ireland a conquered
and misgoverned land, felt the, heel of “a
German etranger very heavy on her neck,
and oar Czech people endured every humilia-
tion possible; they were actually forbidden
to speak their native language, German
being enforced; no profession, whether lew,
medicine or even teaching, was open to twem;
the very signs over shops and on lamp posts
were in the hated foreign tongue. The people
were referred to as “natives” by their Teutonic
lords, and many indeed were found, as nese

. nize their names in order
Oe ie rresy with their rulers, for it was
be some, $0 ba] peas the EI Himself wae
oP tather recalled %

 

7," how a
who @ natura) bent for scholarshi
ing an 4 gank ce @ position as he
mas oe & ee a ..up to which tina hw
had kept his proper Bohemian peseer=.
ye pame a Curman one
° same i nce rat I than + of
is name sounded quite like

ae
t _ ulljven ” which i ali 1 reoall now
of the same. The German critics found much
to poke nderous fun at in the guttural
sound and unpronounceabieness of Bohemian
names in general, and such was the deplorable
8 of the “natives” themselves that many
them, if they got on in the world at all,
clared that they were of German blood,
and they often earned the change further by
epegiatising from the Church and professing.
dtl the teacher spoken of, to be either
agnostics or Protestants. When they reached
this stage they were the most rabid haters
ways that coud be imagined, and

my father used to iaugh at some of the Irish
pe he met here who, having prospered,
urned their coats ane 7 as his teacher
friend and many others had done in Bohemia

in Rie youth, .

ta “roung Bo ia” started years ago,
which began to @o%@xact'y what the Caeiio
ue hag done in [reand. Young me
to good hemians an
not imitation Germans: afee'ing of nat'ona'ity
was created among the ¢(zechs, od songs
were recovered and taught to the peope
o'd customs revived and shown to be as good
as the “erman ones that had been forced
on us’ high schoo! and co!'ege students he d
to their Bohemian names with a!l the spel'ing
so dificu't to ‘ord y German ears, and the
very shopkeeper® put out sans in the tongue
of the peon'e. To-day conditions in that coun
try. once fu'l'y as distressfu' asever in Ire'and.
are almost norma',and I fo''owed with great
interest the attempt of Shamus O'Sha'e tospell
his name as he p eused.
Joux Nepoarce Woxkan.
New York, February 22.
More Damming of the Nile.

From the London Times.

Sir William Willcocké tn an address on “The
Building of Nile Reservoirs” contends that the
construction of # barrage at the junction of the
White and Blue Niles at Khartum provides the
Principal engineering solution of the recurrence of
low Nile floods, a danger minimized, tt Is true, br
the construction of the Assuan dam, but still a
perll to Egypt. He considers that an expenditure
of something under three mlllons sterling would
sumMce for works with a Storage capacity of threa
Milliard cubic meters Of water, a result that would
greatly exceed what has been accomplished by the
Assuan dam. Out of the six mililard cubic meters
of water needed for Egypt the Assaun reservoir
will only be able to supply t For the other four
we shall have to turn to thé termina! reach of the
White Nile, with ite wide channel, about 1,000 kilo
meters In length, With no appreciable slope in 500
kilometers, and oné @ 1-100,000 only In the remain
ing 500, 7
When Egypt needed basin trrigation—through
& period of 6,000 years—thewnud solvent waters of
the Blue Nile, alded by the st!!! more turbid waters
of the Atbéra, supplied her needs. When to-day
we need to store clear water for the summer on an
immense scale the White Nile is ready with its
reservoiriike basin to meet every need not of
Egypt alone but of the Sudan as well. The White
Nile between Lake No and Khartum ts very nearly
a lake in flood, and so it would stay for ever If the
Blue Nile Were subject to a perpetual flood. Te
tween the low summer and high flood icvels there is
a difference of eight meters. What we want, there
fore, is masonry works of such strength as wit
keep this water Impounded where it Is when the
Blue Nile bas fallen, and deliver it just when Egypt
needs It, not superabundantly in October, Novem-
ber and December (when there ts no cal! for tt
and in deficiency tn April, May and June (when the
country is crying out for water), but vice versa.
Whatever works are carried out the necessity of
@ reservoir at Assaun remains untouched. The
question was/ gone into thoroughly at the time,
and the opinion then come to still holds good—
namely, “We have concluded that It ts abso'uiely
necessary, in > interest of irrigation, to have
near at hand at’ the point where the Nile enters
Egypt a reserve of water that may meet whatever
contingencies arise,” These contingencies might
arise from the fact that some of the more important
summer crops are Incapable of standing a ten
day drought, while the summer discharge of
reservoirs high up the Nile would take many days
to reach Egypt and might sometimes arrive too
late.

were encoura

 

 

Story of a Key and Disaster.

Mrs. Hodgson Pritt in Light.

You may be interested to hear of a thing which
happened to me in Brittany last summer. 1 had
to sign some railway transfers before the nearest
British Consul, who was at Brest. I locked up
the papers and rallway stocks In a Breton cupboard
as high as the ceiling and very solid. I kept the
key in my pocket. When my cousin and | werr
ready to start I took out the key and It would not
open {ts own cupboard. The servants came tn
turn and tried in vain, We had to mies our train
to Quimper, which was our first stage tw Erest.
Now our village locksmith was very rough and
ready, so the next morning I sald I would try the
key myself once morc, before he perhaps ruined
my lock.

The key Mtted perfectly, and we went, But,
imagine, we found at the station great placards
posted up telling of the awful wreck of the Brest
train the day before; and it was the train in which
we should have been but for the obstinancy of the
key. We saw the carriages all fallen into the river,
and the dead and dying were in the hospital as
Quimper. We feel this to be a greservation wrought
from the next world that is so near.

eee ne eee

Senator Vance’s Financial Knowledge.
From the Washington Heruld.

During his short speech on the Aldrich bill yea.
terday Senator Lodge recalled a story which he
said the late Senator Vance used to tell ani which
the Senator from Massachusetts sald was recalled
to him by the appafntly Iimited knowledge of the
Dresént membership of the Senate regarding fnan-
cial problema,

Senator Vance, he sald, during one of the great
financial crises of the country went down to North
Carolina to make an address and was announced
to speak on the Gnancial questions of the day.

When he faced his audience be mo festly admitted
that he was got an expert on financial questions,
and eaid that in fact he knew very Uttie about

“About the only financial principle with which
1 am entirely familiar,” Senator Vance added, “ig
that it takes tw> names to float my note.”
ee eeORS

Philippines to Outlaw Playing Cards.
From the Cebu Courter,

Playing cards are doomed w disappear tn the
Philippines. Legislation is now in the course of
Preparation to probibit the manufacture of these
cards in the islands and their importation frota
other countries, The punishment for the importa-
tion of such merchandise is to be Oxed at 500 pesos
for every packet imported or manufactured.

For the possession of a pack of cards there will
be @ fine of 100 pesos for every pack found, and in
both cases the, cards will be confiscated and de-
stroyed,

er ees
Boston Urbanity.

To THE EoiTor OF Tux SUN—Sir; In this morn.
tng’s SUN Is a letter from a New Yorker who has
been stusek by the unusual politeness of the Bus-
tonese. As a New Yorker sptiing a sew aays
in Boston I can thoroughly indorse this writer,
To-night | was accosted by a beggar, who before
leaving begged my full pardon for having spoken
to me aot kuowing who I was,

ADMIRER OF POLITENESS,
Bosror, February 21,

 

Compulsory Education im China.
From the Shanghai Times.

The Board of Education bas proposed to punisk
either the father or brother of any child above
seven years old who is not sent to school, and hag
consulted with the High Commissioners, who are
compliing law codes to place the new crime in the
Bow code,