YANKELE BECOMES MANAGER

WE PERSUADES SELIG GOTT-
LIEB TO TAKE HIM ON,

ee .
aes. *®

 

 

An Ambition to Rise In Business at the Fx.
pense of Hyman Goodme2n,Who Rebaked
Him, Realized When Cottiled Fell Sick

And Now He Has a Right to Bay “We.”

One day when Yankelé Schieifan entered
the store of Hyman Goodman, his boss,
he said politely, “Good morning. It looks
hike we would have a@ spell of weather.”
1» which Goodman replied; “We? What
jo you mean by that? How long ie it you
ye in the firm? Any weather there is we
jon ¢ have in partnership any more than
unvihing else.” Yankelé accepted his re-
hbuke without any comment, but made a
nental note of it. To tell the truth, he
vas beginning to be a little tired of Good-

11, whota he regarded as not half the
usuness man that he was himself. With
tha. Geoght in mind he was saving up
his money and Yooking about for the chance
to set himeelf up in businese, ™ order to
ahow Goodman.

In sy ite of his various economies and his
little bargains by the way Yankelé’s sav-
ings cid not mount up very fast, and in
yrospect he saw it would have to bé some
vears before he could go into business for
iumeelf at the rate he was going. “Stock
osts money, stores cost money, and with-
out them you can’t either succeed or fail
profitably,” he said to himself. “And a
nan who has a place where he is making
noney isn't likely to be meshuggar enough
© give you @ chance to get in with him.
still, anybody can make money. Look at
‘hat foo! Goodman. Well, I suppose that
1s Jaco» had to serve seven years for Rachel
24 I suppose shall I have to serve for my
yusiness. Only I hope that I shall not be
Jeoeived as Jacob was.”

Hyman Goodman's greatest and nearest
rival in business was Selig Gottlieb, an
yider man and unmarried. Gottlieb was
of sickly frame and his former activity in

business, which hurt Goodman’s trade, had | cheap.”

seen greatly reduced thereby. It was
roward this establishment of Gottlieb's
that Yankelé looked with an envious eye,
because he saw here a chance to get ahead
of Goodman and enhance his own wealth
greatly. He never before had made any
advances to Gottlieb with a view to getting
established in the latter's store, feeling
hat Gottlieb would become suspicious
end weuld try to advange the price on
iim if he made any overtures. Yankel,
however, developed a plan and on an odd
day determined to see what could be done
with it

It was not long after his conv on
with Goodman in which the latter ed
his servant that Yankelé dropped in casually
to see Gottlieb. The man with the happy
name was sitting dejectedly in the rear
if the store coughing dismally.

“Good day,” said Yankelé, “you are
looming like the roses of Sahro Sharon.”

“Not much,” replied Gottlieb. “I'mavery
ck man. I don’t know what to do about
it.either. Every day I feel worse.”

“Why not go to see a doctor?” asked
Yankele

‘I did,” returned Gottlieb, “but they're
all alike, these fools. What do you suppose
@ teld me’ He said I ought to go away
to the country for a rest, for recreation.
\ fine chance I have to go away. What
vould become of the business?” =

“If rou had a wife, now——~”" Yankelé
ec7an

‘You tallc hike a marriage broker,” broke
n Gottlieb peevisbly. “But as the fact is
T haven't a wife. Soethat’s an end of it.”

“No, if vou had a wife that might be the

beginning of it—of trouble,” said Yankelé.
I always have admired you because you
vere so independent. You wouldn't be tied
down to a woman all the time. A young
man has always plenty of time to marry.”
‘A young man?” queried Gottlieb sus-

|

|

lieb, “I never said so.”
“Ob, that's all right,” said Yankelé, “I
know you didn’t say so. But a man who
has a cough like that can't last long these
winter days. You haven't any chance to
live long if don't go away. The doc-
“chine it af Gn took Gottlieb

vio Z

wm gad Weshate cated Ges al she toon.
tlieb, unable to , signed to him
stay. Yankelé not to under-
stand and kept on wane out. Gottlieb
sor up and was just ab! to me “Wait.” “y
mak

&

give you 10

 

than you did before; so you

“You'll come around on Monday
Gottlieb. “That will giv
to get ready in, and t)
inventory.”

“That's right, we can
said Yankelé, with a
“we.” “Good a A

you won't die just
“And when et in there,” he
himself, “the first thing I'll do is
those prices up about 15 per cent.,
and walked away.

re en ee
BRIDAL JEST IN JERSEY.

Posters of an Appealing Placard Jeered
Out of Somerville Town.
Somrrvinwr, N. J., Feb. 23.—Ae a result
of an attempt to play a practical joke on
| Edward Neisner, a young merchant here,
Jacob Ross and William Brinstein, who said
they lived at 56 Third street, New York,
were arrested to-day by Policeman Koch
and put in the county jail.

Ross end Brinstein arrived from New
York this afternoon with a package con-
taining several hundred printed placards
which announced in big letters the ap-
proaching marriage of Neiener and a weil
known young woman of this place. With
the announcement was 0 request that the
townspeople perform an act of charity
by patroniving Neiener'’s bargain sales, as
he needed all the money he could get to set
up_ housekeeping.

Boss and Brinstein were posting the
placards upon the trees and telegraph poles
when they were arrested upon the com-
plaint of ae. aw owe “— oe
and a r © have ple .
Their olen was that they. nad. been tired
by a man in New York to post the placards,
what man they vould not say.

Neisner informed the Justice that he be-
lieved it to be the work of his cousin in
New York. He said that when his cousin
was married about a year ago he ed
to take the bride and bridegroom about five
miles ont of their way to the railroad station,

 

 

piciously, “are you trying to make a mock | The bridegroom, Neisner said, had threat-

of me? You know I'm not a young man.”

“Comparatively speaking,
voung man,” declared Yankelé. “Because
you are not married you are doubly young.
(nd I suppose that if you go away and

take care of yourself you will live many |

oars more, may tt be for an omen, Why |
wow't you turn over your busiiness to a
tative?”

you are a}

ened to get square.

Justice Kitchen fined the prisonera $3
each and ordered the police to escort them
j out of town. This was done while a crowd

followed hooting.

TRISH PALACE PLANS.

Reports That It New Has
Nearly. $100,000.

 

 

 

Assoctation

“You must think I'm getting crazy,” said | The Irish Palece Building Association,

Gottlieb contemptuously.
rour business to your mizpochah is like
making an assignment or like letting your
insurance run out the,day before a fire.
it may be a sick man but my mind still is
sound.”

“There again you display your extreme
zood sense,” said Yankelé musingly. “It
i9a real pleasure to talk to a man like you,
your conversation is so instructive. Now,
i, for my part, would hardly have thought
of that, but in a minute you say something,
and behold’ everything is cleared up.
\ man like you ought to know with so much
‘aod judgment just what to do in every
ease,”

“In my time I believe that I have made
tew mistakes.” declared Gottlieb proudly,
but not too proudly. “They have to be
emart who can trip me up.”

“I believe you,” said Yankelé. “In my
ume I have met few men who knew s0
‘auch, What a contrast to Goodman,” he
added, not so loudly, but enough for the
words to carry to Gottlieb’s ears. Fron
the } leased ex: ression on the latter's face
Yankelé saw that the sentence had reached.

“How is Goonman?” asked Gottlieb, in-
differently.

“Oh, he is stout and hearty, one of these
big gross men with all kinds of health and
no mind,” said Yankel¢, watching Gottlieb

juirm at the mental ; icture of ‘s
t hysical well being. “When a man
novhing to think of, why shouldn't he be
heaithy? Goodman's good for years and
years yet.”

oA fool.” ania Grice nee
‘nuch energy that gan to coug n,
. cough that rac<ed bis sides.

“But you have a mind,” said Yankelé.
“[ should thing that as you know so much
you'd know enough to obey the doctor's
orders. Why don't you go away to taxe
rest.”

“i've got nobody to take care of the
susiness,” said Gottlieb.

Yanaelé sat silent for a few moments.
hen he said: “lf you could get some one
1o Wor« cheap for you, some one who knew
oll about this general business, and what's
nore knew all about Goodman's business,

» thas he could undersell him all the time

ng wet big profits at that, what would you

ni of teaving the business in his charge
or a white?”

‘I don't know any such man,” said Gott-

eb. “it sounds good, Ses

‘why dont you know any such man?”
sked Yankeié. “Don't you nxnow me?”

“You?” responded Gottiieb, “Yeu're too
young.”

“is that so?” asked Yankelé. “Well, I

asn't too young to run the business for

codman, and giad enough he waa to let

10 do it. Just think, you could go away

nd leave me in charge of things here and

could make more money for you counting

1 everything that you'd have to pay me in
_ ite of being away. It would be easy for

.2@. I know Goodinan’s prices for every-
hing and I could buy and sell cheaper
han he does. Besides, about all the cus-
‘omers he bas I know, and | have sold to
ail of them. I could get them to come
iere. Always I have wanted to work for
you and the worst quarrels I have had
with Goodman were because I spoke weil
of you. He always abused you as an old
thief, who sold cheap goods. ‘Lhat’s what
he told the people whe came in his store.”

“What would you want for taking charge
of the store?” asked Gottlieb,

Yankelé paused for thought. He saw

: told that it was better for him to give up
\ work for a time.

“To hand over | Which was formed ten years ago to draw

up plans and further the movement for
the erection of a headquarters for al!
the Irish societies in this city, in a report
just issued covering its ten years work
shows that the association now has $93,339
toward the enterprise, $69,600 of this being
its equity in the property at 115th street
and Lexington avenue, purchased some
years ago as a site. The present value
of the property is estimated at $110,000.
It has a frontage of 125 feet on the south
side of 115th street and 85 on Lexington
avenue. :

The proposed building is to be Irish in
every particular, with an imposing round
tower at its northeast corner. Part will
be used as an armory for the Irish Volun-
teers, and in addition there will be meeting
rooms for the diferent societies and a
library. It is hoped that the construction
of the building can be begun in a short time.

Bl a ee

MULES UNDER GROUND 30 YEARS.

Twelve Mine Animais te Surface
First Time in Third ef a Century.

Ren», Nev., Feb. 2%.—Burled in David-
son Mountain for thirty years twelve mules
which have been used in the Sutro Tun-
néls ore carrying railroad were brought to
the surface for the first time to-day.

The animals stood in a blinding snow-
storm, blinki at unusual »
and then in fright t to camped.

Electric motors d@urnish power for
the ore cars in future, and the mules will
never be returned to the 1,700 foot level
of the Consolidated Virginia shaft. Their
faithful service is , and they will be
put in a fertile pasture near Dayton.

The mules saved the town of Virginia
from starvation in 1%90, when a great snow-
storm cut the camp off from outaide com-
munication. Supplies were hauled by the
animals to hoists under the town, w
they were lifted ta the hungry inhabitants.

Cc. F. M'KIWS ILLNESS.

Daughter Goes to Join the Architect In the
Sanitariam.

Miss Margaret McKim, ter of
Charles F. McKim, the architect, has left
the city to be for a few days with her father
who is taking a rest cure in a sanitarium.
Mr, McKim has been away from the city
for about a month, by advice of Dr. Charles
Hitchcock of 57 West Thirty-sixth street,
his physician. Mr. MoKim’'s health gave
way under pressure of work and he was

 

 

 

After he had been away for a week or
ao Mr. McKim congestion of the lungs.
That affection did not last long and
Hitchcock says that latest reports are
that he is doing very well and gainin
in health and st . It ts expected
that Mr. McKim will able to return to
the offices of McKim, Mead and White, at
16¢ Fifth avenue, for work by the spring.

ee eee - ee =.

The Hist Fleated.

ANNAPOLIS8, Feb. 23.—The converted yacht
Hist, which acted as a convoy to the sub-
marines, was floated this afternoon after
ha bee bar

 

a enn a
ce eeday. Lieut. Courtena
is aboard the ship and t is reported that

she is not injured,

 

ee ee ne

In East Orange, New
ee lives the Advertising

anager of one of the largest
national advertisers.

Recently he asked a clerk
at his | Post-Office, “Are
you handling a greater or less
number of magazines than
formerly?”

“I believe the number of
magazines delivered by this
office has increased fully fifty
per cent. within the last year,’
was the reply. ‘* The maga-
zine habit is growing oo
every day, but, by far, the
most wonderful thing I have
noticed in my Post-Office
connection is the tremendous
circulation of Tue Laptes’
Home Journat.”

“What class of people take
it?”

“Why, all classes. If they

take any magazine at all they
are pretty sure to have Tue
Lapiss’ Home Jovrnat.”

The circulation of Tue
Laviss’ Home Journat in
East Orange is approximately
eight hundred. The total
population is quoted at twenty-
five thousand. Allowing five
persons toa family, this means
that in East Orange one family
in every seven gets THE
Lapres’ Home Journat.

Statistics relative to a great
business are sometimes so
large as to be beyond ready
comprehension, but by isolat-
ing a single detail, and then
analyzing it, the facts are real-
ized in their full significance.

Tue Curtis PUBLISHING CoMPANY
PHILADELPHIA

New Your Boston Cwmcaco Burrae

eee emeniemienetntemnemmeaene ae

LIVE TOPICS ABOUT TOWN. |

The foyer of the new Police Headquar- |
tors which is now being erected on the |
eite of the old Centre Street Market will |
bees! an historical as well as decidedly |
dovorative mural painting éntitled the |
*Rattlewatch of New Amsterdam.” This
paoel, which is now on exhibition, is thirty |
feet long and is a curious delineation of |
the old Dutch days, when the wardens of |
the peace carried wooden noise making |
machines known as “rattlers,” which they
used to frighten evil doers. —, noes
lanterns hung on long les and carri
over the shoulder are shown as another |
pictu ue feature of the Dutch policeman's |
outfit. plentiful sprinkling of well fed
pigs may be seen in the foreground of this
unusual picture, and in the background
is an old time Dutch tavern in front of
which the primitive police force is lined
up to listen to orders.

“One never knows,” said a salesman
in one of the big stationers’, “how many
people are afflicted with a given infirmity,
until something comes up to call attention |
to it. Every one knows in a general way
that a number of povenes are left handed ;
but until we got these new playing cards
with the index marks in all four corners,
which were invented just for left handed

layers I had no idea that so many people
Reid” their cards in their right hand. I
have been keeping count for a week now,
and I find that about one person in six
wants cards for left handed players.”

“These tubes under the river are good
testa for defective hearing,” said the doctor.
“Passing through the tunnel to Borough
Hall in Brooklyn many people feel a slight
pressure on the ear drums. It is precisely
the same sensation that one feels in going
down in a diving bell, but not so severe.
Persons with naturally acute hearing do
not notice it, but it annoys any one with
defective pearing. dt is the sudden com-
pression of the air that does it. Theorists
will tell ~~ that there cannot be any in-
crease of atmospheric pressure because
the tube is open both ends; but if you
will take a pocket aneroid barometer into
the tube with you and watch it carefully
you will see it jump about two-tenths of
an inch as the train descends and then
slowly back again as the train rises.
In the front part of the train the pressure
is much greater, and if the ventilators are
left open the pressure on the ear drums
is sometimes very severe.”

Employment agencies point out one pe-
culiar phase of the servant girl problem that
foreign women living in New York have to
solve.

“Almost without exception they refuse to
take a girl of their own nationality,” said
the manager of an uptown agency. “The
comparatively few European women living
here who are able to hire a servant when
they first set up housekeeping in America
are willing enough to take a girl from their
own country, but those who arrive poor and
after a few years reach the servant girl stage

as so many of them do, insist

 

of rit
woke biria "help hailing from some other , P

|
po Germas
ted

land. An Italian woman will employ a girl
from anywhere under the sun except Italy, |
t from any place except Germany,
the Russian lace except Russia,
and 60 on through the [ist of countrice rep-
resented. Of ccurse this rule does not
uriversally hold good. Now and then we
have a customer who wishes to give some
woe fin from home a chance, but most of
olliow the example set by American
. it is well known,
ploy native American
iris, on the ground that they are too in-
t and familiar. Possibly the
foreign women find that with them their
own oountrywomen are equally self-assert-
ve,

from any

 

seldom want to em

‘Teachers in the schools near the water-
front realize that there is a real floating |
population in the city. A trip along the}
piére discloses every mile or so a nest of
canalboats or coal barges tied up for the
winter, and most of these have a family,

@hildren, living aboard. The
Education estimates that there are
more than 2,000 such youngsters, and some
of them attend the nearest public school.
Their parents have to get special permission
for them to enter school, though, and man
consider it not worth while, as they don’t
become New Yorkers until late in the fall
and desert n a8 soon a8 navi,ation
opens in the spring.

He is a kindly and ambitious clerk in a

includin,

 

5

‘Inthe Auditorium
This Week *

 

Special Engagement of
Mr. Hans Kronold

The ’Cellist
witH

Mr. Pavt Duravc.r, Tenor
Miss V. Da Martinez, Soprano

Program, at 2 P. M., as follows:
1. Organ—Faust Selections. .Gounod
Song— nen OT auroume
“Pensee d’ Au
Mr. DuravuLt |Massenet
8. 'Cello—(a) “Kamenoi Ostrow”

[Rubinstein
(b) “Scherzo”.......
Mr. KRONOLD

> “Boring”........+» St
— Mies fancies —T

5. Piano—Overture ‘
Bo Me Tell”... gd’ tinee
6. Songs—(a) “Autumn”.. 2d. ar
(b) “Love, I Have Won
eo” Ronald

°

® nant Love Me Well
a) “Love 3} ell”

Fanive

® “My Red, Red Kose”

iss MARTINEZ |Haatings

9. Piano—(a) “Marche Militaire”

(Schubert-Tausig

(b) “A Country Dance”. Vevin

10. Organ--Finale.......... Bois

Mn Derew

Organ and Angelus Recital
Each Morning at 10 o'clock
Program as follows:
1. Organ—(a) Toccata in G A
#0) Cantilene Nuptiale | Dudeie
2. Piano—(a) Marche Militaire :
. (Schubert-Tausig
(b) “A Country@Dance” .. Nevin
5. Organ—(a) Largo... Handel
‘ (b) Andante Sonata No.
8 in C Minor.. .@uilmant
' (c) Fantasia on “Faust”..diounod
| ‘ no --Overture from
“William Tell”

Rossini

 

and every good modern effect.

damask cover.

damask cushions.

$45, from
tapestry gover. J
Two-Piece

damask.

jour.
$20, from $100—3-piece, damask.
$140, from $280--3-piece, damask.

$145, from $290—2-piece, damask.
$162.50, from $325—3-piece, damask.

 

Formerly
| A. T. Stewart & Co.

 

 

 

  

shop near Central Park, eager to please FOR A NEW STATE COLONY.

but with limitations. He has a memory
for the wants of his customers which to
thet extent is excellent, but it hes small
rezard for minor det. ils whose éccur-cy
does not affect business, and his customers
Se ago when the talk of denatured
alcohol was consider ble a customer «sked
him for some but hes id thnt the ror rietor
had not yet pk.ced «ny instock. Yesterd.y
when the same customer w: 3 in the store on
another err.nd he be«mingly exclaimed:
“Oh, Mrs. Blank! we've got some of thet
good natured eleohol now if you want it.”

For the first time in years real buffalo
meat is on scle in New York. One precious
caress was sent to the city this week from
a privete preserve in New England and is
being sold by a Berclay street desler. The
meat is very dark in color and is sold in
stezks and chops at the rate of 55 cents a
ound. The akin of the anim:! is valued
it $1,000. Although a qucrter of a century
has passed by since one was sold here there
ire de jJera in the m.tket who remember
the time when they could buy a whole car-
cass for $5.

A brunette art student looked admir-
ingly at her friend’s great coronet braid
and Jonged for one. Being an art student,

she was ; oor.

Being very pretty, her request that sho
he allowed to pose a week in the illustrat-
ing class was eagerly granted.

A week or #0 later she appeared with a
loamy braid encircling her head ;

Art students being liberal in their views,
the blonde chum asked or enly as to its ac-
quirement. ‘The brunette answered with
equal frankness; “Well, you seg, I posed a
week and got $6. This is the rewult. I tell
every one that ‘Poserine’ grew this hair.”

There is one street in New York which
has four sidewalks and a park in it at the
same jlace. Probably not one person in
10,.00 can name the street offhand, and yet
it was a recent civil service question. It
is Forty-second street from Second ave-
nue to First. Forty-second street goes
through a tunnel in this block and in the
tunnel on each side is a sidewalk. On the
surface on tom of the t innel it is also Forty-
second street, with two sidewalks, ‘The
litile sj ace between the walks on tae sur-
face bears the name of Ryan Park.

 

$13.50, from $27—Mahogany-finished, |

$43.50, from $87—Mahogany-finished,
$90—Mahogany-finished,

$23.50, from $57—Mahogany-finished,
$29, from $58-- Mahogany-finished, ve- |

>
I

JOHN WANA

    
  
   
   
  
  
   
  
    
   
 
  
  
   
    
  
 
 
    
  

And all the maida and women merely

Her acis being seven ages.

Most willingly to school.

Giggling like a brooklet, with a pound
Sent to her beauteous eyebrow.

Winning the eager adoration
Even from a blase world.

And then the

And 80 she plays her part.

And heartena in its sound.

   
  
   

Grand HALF-PRICE Finale
To the February FURNITURE Sale

Today begins a great Furniture Jubilee for Housekeepers—one of the most extraordinary money-
saving occasions presented in years.

All Our Upholstered PARLOR FURNITURE

At Just Half

Parlor Suites, ‘chiefly—and a superb assemblage to select from; also Separate Chairs and Sofas, in styles of practically all periods,

The Seven Ages of Woman

(With Apologies to Shakespeare)
All the world's a stage,

They have their exits and their entrances,
And each one in her time plays many parts, +

At first the infant
Cooing and crowing in her nuree’s arma.
And then the merry schoolgirl with her satchel
And shining morning face, running like quail,

And then the “bud,”

: Then a belle,
Full of rare tact and lovely aa the day,
Great in athletics, queen at dance or dinner,

Her perfect hausehold for completeness famed;
With savoir faire and words of formal cut,
Full of advice and modern fashion notes.

The sixth stage shifts,
Into the sweet and stately grandmama,
With fine pince nez and stylish reticule,
Her youthful heart, well saved, a world too brave
To leave the footlights, and her ringing voice,
Keeping alive its girlish treble, trilla

Last scene of all
That enda thia strange eventful history,
Te pleasant ease and calm retirement,
With peace, and love, and hope, and everything.

    
  
  
 

  

66 LL THE WORLD'S A STAGE.” It is not our province
to write the play, or arrange the cast—ours to provide
the costumes and the stage furnishings.

In this, our special work, the name of WANAMAKER always
appears on the program in full capital letters.

INITIATIVE, originality, experience, skill, prestige. and
KNOWLEDGE combine in WANAMAKER equipment for the great
and important work of being Costumer-in-Chief to American
Womanhood in All Her Seven Ages.

The modern store, even if it be as vast and elegant as WaNa-
MAKER'S, in its equipment, can but crudely illustrate, under ordi-
nary selling conditions, the scope and completeness of its prepara-
tion to meet the dress requirements of ita chief patron—WOMAN.

This week, on three floors of the Old Stewart Building—*The
Woman's Store”—we present, in realistic settings, Apparel Pictures
of Woman's Life, from the seven ages depicted by the poet.

The scenes here pictured suggest, in a measure, how exhaus-
tively we provide for “lovely woman” from Her Arrival on the
wing of the Stork, until the sunlight’s lengthening shadows linger
lovingly as they kiss her silvered hair on the evening of her restful
repose.

A series of ten tableau settings tell the story, and, at the same
time, present a marv:lous array of The New Apparel for Spring
in Babies’ Wear, Garments for Girls and Young Women, and
Gowns, L rie and Comfort Garments for Women of every age.

The ory of Tableaux, their subjects and locations,
follows:

  

players,

   
  
 

   
  
   
  
  
  
   
   
 
 

   
  
  
  
  
   
  

of violets

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
    
  

   
  
  
  
  
  
 

matron,

   
 
   
   
  

         
   

    
    

  
       
   

       
   

    
   

    
       
   

      
   
   
 
  

Scene. 1.— “Her” Fourth floor, Fourth ave.
Seene 2.~ “Her Playtime” Fourth floor, Fourth ave.
Scene 3.—(a) “Her Exercises” fhird Moor, Fourth ave.
(o) “Her Duties" Third Goor, Fourth ave.
(c) “Her Diversions” Third Moor, Fourth ave.
Scene 4—(a) “Her Bridal Boudoir” Fourth floor, Broadway.
(o> “Her Wedding Day’ Third floor, Broadway.
Soene 5.— “Her Joy” Second floor, Broadway.
Scene 6.— “Her Victory” Second floor, Broadway.
Scene 7.— “Her Crown” Second floor, Broadway.

See all the tableaux, in their regular sequence, if you can;
for rarely has there been presented a series of such beautiful and
interesting pictures as will be found at WANAMAKER’S this week.

 
  
 

 
 

The offering brings out

Former Prices

Every piece of thorough construction, honestly upholstered and beautifully finished. Furniture to enjoy

and be proud of for a lifetime, at just HALF its real value.
BE PROMPT, for there will be hundreds of others who will be just as eager to share this extraordinary opportunity as you

are a few examples of the offerings here when the store opens this morning:

Three-Piece Parlor Suites

$50, from $100—Overstuffed, tapestry
cover.

tapestry cover. $52.50, from $105—Overstuffed, tapestry
$15, from $30-—-Mahogany-finished, tap- | cover.
| estry cover. $55, from $110—Mahogany, tapestry
7.7 55.50—Mal -finished, | cover.
plea poet sth aeniaat 57.50, from $115--Overstuffed, tapestry
5 ; cover.
$32.60, from $66--Mahogany-finished, | $05. from $150—Overstuffed, _ tinsel
plush cushions. | adie eneer.
| $34, from $*8~Mahogany-finished, | 40, from $160—Mahogany, damask |
»lush. | cover.
| ; $37.50, from $75~Mahogany-finished, | $110, from $220—Mahogany, tapestry
tapestry cover. | cover. ke
= -fini $137.50, from §275--Walnut, damask
$38.50, from $77—Mahogany-finished, PF --

$57.50, from .$115--Mabogany.
| $60, from $120-—-Mahogany.
$67.50, from $135—Mahozcany
$82.50, from $165~—Mahogany

Parlor Suites

$65, from $130—Mahogany, panne.
$70, from $140—Mahogany, velour.
$5, from $170—Mahogany, panne.
$87.50, from $175-—Walnut, damask.

Gold Parlor Suites

$170, from $340-—3-piece, damask.

$287.50, from $575—4-picee, damask
| $375, from $750—5-piece, gold cane.
| $575, from $1150—5-piece, tapestry.

 

 

Committee Reccomends a Site at Thiells,
Near Haverstraw.

A report will be submitted to-day to
the Lersislature by William R. Stewart,
Franklin B. Kirkbride and Alexander C.
Proudfit, commissioners appointed by Gov.
Hughes to select a site for the Eastern
New York State Custodial Asylum. The
commission has selected a site at Thiells,
a station in Rockland county, near Haver-
straw, on the New Jersey and New York
Railroad, a branch of the Erie, the site be-
ing about three miles west of the Hudson
River on a plateau some 300 feet above
the level of the river. i

This new institution will shelter ulti-
mately about 2,500 epileptic and feoble
minded patients and is intended to sup-
plement the work of the State institutions
at Newark, Rome, Syracuse and Sonyea
(Craig colony). It will care for defectives,
especially from the First, Second, Third
and Ninth Judicial districts, which include
the counties of New York, Kings, Nassau,
Queens, Richmond, Suffolk, Albany, Colum-
bia, Greene, Rensselaer, Schoharie, Sulli-
van, Ulster, Dutchess, Orange, Putnam,
Rockland and Westchester.

The commission was caly authorised to
select 500 acres for the site, but the demand
for additional accommouations has proved
80 great that the commission recommends
thet 1,500 acres be secured now and that
eventually the tract should be nearl
doubled in size. Large and expensive build-
ings are not considered desirable by the
commission, and the report states that the
| site selected contains many buildings which

can be without alteration in estab-
}

i
}
j

 

 

 

{

|

lishing the comns.

The Thiells site proper contains 1,267
acres, and the commission recommends
an appropriation of $187,575, which also
eovers the purchase of an adjoining moun-
tein tract of about 640 acres for a gravity
supply of water at a cost of $9,000. The
average cost per acre of land alone for the
entire property is $47.

The commission proposes that the new
institution be culled the “Hiverstr:.w State
Colony,” for Thiells, while affording oppor-
tunities for isloation, is near enough to
Hiverstraw to mit that community to
hive the di advantage afforded by
the use of itg markets by the institutieg and
its emplo

Here

Five-Piece Parlor Suites
$85, from $70—Mahogany-finished, tap- $6), from $120—Mahogany-finished,

 

estry. a rd
| $45, from $00—Mahogany-finished, ve- | 2.50, from $125—Mahogany-finished,
lour. | silk plush.

| $47.50, from $95—Mahogany-finished, | $105, from $210—Mahogany-finished,

| Panne. | eeorr,. |
| $50, from $100—Mahogany-finished, | 5, from $130—Mahogany-finished, |

| panne. tapestry
$67.50, from $115.—Mahogany-finished, $0, from $180—Mahogany, rose tap- _
| tapestry. | estry. |
| Odd Sofas
| 3. {fom $20--Mahogany-finished, | | $17.69, from $85—Mahogany-finished,
ama
| 415, from $30—Mahogany-finished, $18, from $36—Mahogany-finished, dam-
| plush. .
me 1, from  $28—Mahogany-finished, | $18.50, from $37—Mahogany-finished,
| damask.

mask.
20, from $140--Mahogany, damask. $75, from $150—Mahogany, damask.

Upholstered Chairs and Rockers

$4.75, from $9.50--Mahogany-finisked , $13.50, from $27—Mahogany Chair,
Rocker, damask. velour.
$6.75, from $13.50-~-Mahogany-finished $15, from $30—Mahogany Rocker, ve-

 

|
|

Rocker, plush. lour.
$10, from $20-Mahogany-finished | $30, from $60—Mahogany Chair, dam-

Rocker, damask ask.
$11, from  $22—Mahogany-finished $35, from $70—Mahogany Chair, dam-

| Chair, velour. | ask.
$12.50, from $25—Mahogany-finished $40, from $30—Mahogapy Chair, dam.

Rocker, tapestry. ask.

Sixth toor, New Building.
Broadway, Fourth Ave.,
Eighth to Tenth St.

 

MAKER

 

 

 

  

 

 
 

Don’t waste your own precious time
trying to solve Business Problems
which other men have met and solved!

aw 6 and 7 with handling and training

One hundred and twelve of the world’s
master business men have written a sub
stantial, ten-book Nbrary—2,1u3 pages—1,407
Vital Business Secrets.

They have squeezed out the costly experi-
ence of thelr whole business lives and put it
In these ten books for you.

In these books they have put the best of
all they know about such subjects as

viking with whe teageetinn ot goete aeaeh
vert WwW ce marke! o
salesmen, dealers and by Tall. °

Pages 12 to 15 with the great problem of
securing the highest market price for your
services—no matter what your line.

--How to Manage a Business And the last @ tells how you may get
tiow w Seli Guols a complete set~—fhount tn handsome bat
How to Get Money by Mail morocco, contents in ‘colors—for less than
How to Buy at Rock: bottom your dally 6n.oke shave, almost as litte
How wo Collect + oney as your daily covwplone, ‘

How to Stop Cost Leaks ‘

How to Meet ant Hanule Men
FREE— ASK .
Simply send us a

How to Get and Hold a Position
How to Advertise a Business
postal and ask fog our
free, illustrated, 9,050° Ausiness -
let, which télis how ints Price

- How to Levise OMice Systens
And so on, through all the problems of
business. No matter bow near the bottom
Experience, squeezed from the lives of 1
big, Successful men, may be made yourse—
youre to boost your salary, yours to increase
re profits. Sending for this free bookles

?

or how near the top of business you are,
you will tind in these books the answer to
your present day perplesities.

That you may fully realize the value of
these books, a booklet has been published
deseribing, explaining, picturing the work.

Pages 2 and 3 of this booklet tell about
managing businesses both great and small.

Pages 4 and 5 deal with credits, collections
and with rock-bottom purchasing.

inds you to nothing, Involves no obligation:
yet It may be the means.of startmg you on
the road to better —e
Surely you will not deny yourself this
privilege, when it involves ny, the risk of
& postal—a penny! Then a to-day to

SYSTEM, 151-161 Wabash Avenue, Chicago

      
 
  
  
  

    

SUFFRAGETTES ASK HELP,

Appeal to the C. F. U. to Send Delegates to
a Mass Meeting.
Mrs. Harriett Hastings, representing the |
| Interurban Women's Suffrage Council, got
| the floor at yesterday’s meeting of the
Central Federated Union to ask the body
| to send representatives co a mass meeting
called by the counciBfor February 27 in
Cooper Union to indorse taking the word
“male” out of the State Constitution. She

said that among the speakers would be
Terence V. Powderly of the Bureau of
Immigration and Miss Annie Shaw, national
presiient of the Woman Suffrage Asso-
ciation.

“I hope,” she aaid, “that there will be no
side remarks when I say that Miss Shaw
sia one of the greatest of our women orators.”

Appeal fer the Kruger Monument.

The committee formed, with Bishop
Henry C. Potter as chairman, to raise funde
for the erection of a monument to Deputy
Chief Kruger and if possible to establish a
permanent fund for the care of the widows
anJ children of firemen who lose their lives
in a similar manner has sent out an appeal
for contributions and has opened ofces
at 115 Broaagway. Gen. Thomas L. James
is the treasurer of the fund, to whom checks
may be sent. The other members of the
committee are Andrew Carn » Hugh
Bonner, Egerton L. Winthrop, Cornelina
N. Bliss, George W. Babb, sidor Straus,
Henry W. ‘Taft, Hamilton Mabie and br.

 

nay A, n.

A death mask of Chief Kruger taken by
Gutson Borglum, the sculptor, at the re-
quest of the family, has been presented
to the committee. a

|

®