ne Ee

Sa aa as

SS te

}
*

 

ie

eee

ee

oom

  

 

SPORTING TALK OF INTEREST
FACTS AS TO THE MARE SUNOL
ARE BROUGHT TO LIGHT.

 

 

Interesting Letter Pointing Out the Value
of Thoroughbred Blood to Trotting
Stock Sent to Chairman Hil of
Sepate Codes Committee—Hiidreth
After Carter Handicap — Gossip.

An attempt by one of the enemies of racing
who appeared before the Codes Committee
last week, to show that thoroughbred blood
did nothing to improve the general merit of
the horse and particularly the trotter, to-
gether mith the statement that the mare
Sunol “sold once for $41,000, then for $400
and wasn't worth 40 cents,” has prompted
the following letter which has been sent to
Albany:

“Snutrsacrst Farm, Port Cuxsrer, N. Y,,
“Feb. 22, 1908.
"The Hon, H, W. Hill, Chairman Senate Com-

mittee on Codes, Albany, N. Y.:

“Dear Str: The mare Sunol, 2:08%, which,
1 understand, was the trotting mare referred
to before your committee on Wednesday last,
as tlustrating the worthlessness of thorough-
bred blood in the trotting horse was in my
charge for many years. She was purchased
by Mr. Bonner when, I think, she was a four-
year-old, for $41,000. At that time she was
the fastest trotter in the world. Mr. Bonner
owned her for several years and after his
death she was purchased by my employer,
John H, Shults for $4,100, for a brood mare,
at the executor’s sale. Her first three foals

died aged from six days to six months. Her
oldest living foal now is a four-year-old.
Her next, Herr Axworthy, is now a three-
year-old. Last year as a two-year-old he
could trot a mile in better than 2:20, with
very little work, as he met with an injury
that laid him up for three months. Her
youngest foal now is a yearling and has all
the earmarks of a great trotter. Sunol was
sold in November, 1907, for $400, when she
was twenty-one years old, without any cer-
tainty of her being with foal. These three
living foals of Sunol will undoubtedly get
fast records and become famous. The real
foundations of the trotting families that
have survived the test of time are founded
upon the thoroughbred, and most all of our
great champions have the thoroughbred
blood close up in their pedigree. The follow-
ing are some of the champions in their day:

“Maud S., 2:08%, whose second dam was a
thoroughbred mare by Boston.

“Jay Eye See, 2:10, whoge second dam was
the thoroughbred Twilight, by Lexington.

“Directum, 2:054%, whose dam was by
\enture, a thoroughbred horse by Wiliiam-
son's Belmont, and who Is still the champion
four-year-old.

“Trinket, 2:14, was the champion four-year-
old of her day, and her second dam was the
thoroughbred mare Morning Glory.

“Palo Alto, 2:08\¢, was the champion stal-
lion of his day, and his dam waa the thorough-
bred mare Dame Winnie, by Planet.

“One of the greatest brood mares in the
world was Nell, the dam of eleven in the
2:30 list, four of which are in the 2:10 list.
Nell's dam was by the thoroughbred horse
Embry's Lexington. One of the fastest and
best trotters that we have ever bred at our
farm is Della Belle, with a record of 2:27 as
a two-year-old. We have now at Shultshurat
a mare by Adbell, dam Del Worthy by Ax-
worthy, and second dam the thoroughbred
mare Corde) by Warwick, She has been pro-
nounced by competent judges to be the
handsomest mare in New York State, and
that the thoroughbred blood in her veins has
not hurt her as a trotter is shown by her
ability to trot a quarter of a mile in 31 seconds.
She has been used for breeding purposes
exclusively, but should Mr. Shults permit
me to race her | am certain that she would
trot to a record of 2:05 or better.

“I could cite hundreds of instances of
trotters and pacers with the thoroughbred
blood close up who have obtained very fast
records. In my humble opinion we would
have no great horse family in this or in any
other country to-day without it, and the
wor's done by the Jockey Club through its
breeding bureau throughout the Empire
State is destined to become monumental.
The best results will not be apparent for some
years, but the good seed has been sown and
it will bring forth good fruit. Respectfully
yours. W. W. Savir, Superintendent.

 

S.C. Hildreth has entered Uncie, Meelick,
Tony Faust and Veil in the Carter Handicap.
Meelick won the California Derby on Satur-
day and showed such good form that Hil-
dreth may start the colt in one of the Derby
events at New Orleans. Meelick did not class
with Uncle as a two-year-old, but he has im-
proved rapidly this winter in the care of
Hildreth until critics who saw. Meelick's gace
on Saturday declared that Uncle could not
have done any better. As a rule Hildreth
does not race in the East until Belmont Park
opens, but this year he evidently thinks that
be can win the Carter, which is worth about
$8.00 to the winner. tf he starts either
Uncle or Meelick it will be a case of good
condition as both of these crack three-year-
olds have been skilfully handled by their
owner. Hildreth, by the way, has had the
most auccessful campaign of his career this
winter. He has raced at both the Oakland
and the Arcadia tracks and has won about
$40,000 in stakes and purses.

Sporting men were eatly surprised over
the quick way that Stafley Ketchell knoeked
out Mike (Twin) Sullivan at Colma on Satur-
day. The fight lasted exactly 62 seconds,
according to several unofficial timekeepers at
the ringside. Sullivan did not land an effeo-
tive blow; in fact, he was knocked down a
tew seconds alter the fight began. Sullivan
deciared aftér the battle that u chance blow
beat him, but Ketchell was pusiiive that
there was no luok about it and that Sullivan
was stopped in accordance with the victor's
well laid plans, If Kétcheel fights the winner
of the Kelly-Papke mill he will probably be a
strong favorite in the betting, for ring experts
on the Coast say that he is the best middle-
weight they have seen since Bob Fitzsimmons
came here from Australia and wrested the
title from the lamenced Jack Dempsey. Ket-
e@hel! from all accounte is a rugged fellow
who is a terrific hitter and as quick as light-
ving He believes in aggressive tactios and
wants to win as quickly as possible. He is
only a boy at that, and for that reason many
experts believe that some of these days he
will be matched to fight Tommy Burns, the
present heavyweight champion. Ketchell
weighed about 154 pounds on Saturday, but
his best weight, in his own opipion, is 160
or thereabouts. He is growing rapidly and
will tip the beam at close*to 185 in a year or
80, according to his version of it. It was set
forth as an argument yesterday that any
pugilist who could knock out Mike Sullivan
io less than one round would surely beat any
of the middleweghts intraining at the present
time. : Sullivan is a veteran who has always
been a hard man to beat, but in this case he
was no match for Ketcbell, and even if he had
not been floored In the first few seconds of
milling he would not have been able to with-
stand the fearful blows which the coming
ehampion handed out. If Ketehell beats
either Hugo Kelly or Bill Papke he will be the
recoeyised middleweight champion, for no-
hody believes that forty-year-old Tommy
Kyan, who has claimed the title ever since
Fitzsimmons went into the heavy weight olaas,
wonld care for a mixup with the husky young-
eter from Grand Rapids, Mich.

 

This will be a busy week for the major
league baseball magnates, for they will hold
their spring meetings in this city and will
incidentaHy adopt the playing schedules.
As the schedules have been completed by the
framers of them, acting in perfect accord,
there will be no friction in that line, nor will
there be any powwow over the playing rules,
for few changes have been recommended.
The American League men therefore will
have a pleasant time of it at the Hotel Breslin
while the National League moguls are at the
Waldorf It is expected, by the way, that
there will be a high old time in the National
Teague meeting due to the personal feelings
of H. ©. Pulliam and Garry Herrmann, which,
ther sav, have been hurt because of the re-
cent rumpus over the minor league blacklist
resolution. Pulliam intends to show ‘lerr-
mann up, it is understood, while Herrmauo
may retaliate in a sensational manner.

SPORTSMEN AT FESTIVE BOARD.

a en A ec nee aetna . . i . _ NN

—-— - -— +

‘A. Veoverka

—_

  

 

Col. Bill Cody, Capt. Graham and Others
Make Speoches—Results of Contests. —
Onoe a year the sportamen who are in-
terested in the Motor Boat and Sportsman's
Show and others who happen to be in th.s
city at the time meet around the festiv”
board. They include guides from many
parts of this country and Canada, fishermen,
trappers, hunters and men who are fond of
life in the woods. These sportsmen met
yesterday in Madison Square Garden in the
café, Capt. Dressel was mine host, Aleck
Schwalbach was the master of ceremonies
and Capt. Bill Graham was the toastmaster.

  

nD oy aie ay
AMONG THE AUTOMOBILISTS
a
EXPERIENCED OFFICIALS TO RUN
MONTAUK POINT TEST.

 

Long Island Automobile Club Gets Veteran
Contest Managers for Ite Economy
Event—Hearing Arranged for A. A. A.
Federal Registration Legisiation Bill.

"A. R. Pardington, chairman of the contest
committee of the Long Island Automobile
Club, has left nothing undone to insure the

Among those present were Col. William F. | success of the 242 mile economy test which

= _ Herbert L. Welch of —_— and
lea W. Jones of f, 6
— Dressel told ipeene. riefly what
rte on © Assgelanion was doing. Aleck
read a few letters of regret, on
from Mark Zwelp, who sai
not be present because bp was Fone
art, of & few, weeks of . e said tha’
Capt, + raham as toast-
ter, Hh four the floor in hig ow
in mitable style. It was 6 snowing utside and
80 Bill wore a heav corduroy waistcoat and
wi Sp sentaet ahooting ——,
of a sportsman ou
vee Burke, who is one < chase
steer the public to an entertain-
who represents ‘alo Bill, talked
feleph e on and men sald ee would
ephone t . Cod try et him over.
When Col. Cody arrived he smiled, bowed and
said: “This pleases mo; w is it?
Buffalo Bill made.a strong plea in favor
of proper protections er game and said he

younger members of

the present gen it ® 4} they will
» le to sey Well, the old folks left’ us
pee to President

 

unfair.
among
nm se-

pee a, It was a
men, b > was told that if de did
a chanoe of being fined gies and
so he decided to keep it in the back-
ground.
Capt. Bill Graham hi
Puis'ln contrary to the fat top, bur Capt
This is contra t w too, bu
Dressel said he had hgen assured by the Fish
and Game Commiss! that as long as the
trout were allowed to swim in the tanks and
were not eerved up as food for any one con-
nected with the show everything would be
._ A. B. Monoure of Virginia, ©. W.
Lett of Maine, R. Mac. Smith of Canada,
Lee Joy of Wyoming and W. H. Allen of Milo,
Mg. were other speakers.

‘he sports held in oonnection with the show
will be coptinusnpe-@ay. This evening there
will be swimming matches under the auspices
of the Bath Beaoh Swimming Club, and this
alternoon there will be aquatic sports under
the auspices of the Volunteer Life Savers
Corps. ‘The boys will oontinue their rifle
contests and the fly asters will continue
their tournament.

A handicap fly cast for distance was decided
late on Saturday night, which was won by
L. S. Darling. Four heats of the wheelmen's
contest on the home trainer also were decided,
and the boys made soores at the ranges.
he summaries of these events follow:
FLY CASTING,
Single handed fy casting handicap for distance;
yod not to weigh more than five ounces—Won by
. 3. Darling, 9inches, with a cast of 90 feet 5 tnehes;
E, J. Mills, soratch, second, with a cast of 87 feet:
W, J. Erbrich, third, 8 feet'8 inches, with 86 feet
8 inches: G. Mitohell, seratch, fourth, with 84 feet
Z inches; P. D. Frazer, 5 feet 3 inches, fifth, with
™ feet 4 inches; W. McGuechin, 14 feet 3 inches,
sixth, with 75 feet 11 inches,
BICYCLE RACKS.
Trial Heats—Mile amateur champtonship on home
trainers; first heat—Won by George cAdams,
Tiger Wheelman; V. Anderson, Edgecombe Wheel-
men, second. Time I minute $6 2 -5 seconds.
Second Heat—Won by Oto Brandes, Edge-
combe Wheelmen; J. F. . New Canaan, Conn.,
second, Time, 1 minute 14 1-§ seconds.
Third Heat-—-Won by Nich Kind, Edgecombe

Wheeimen; Joseph Bur back, Tiger Wheeimen,

 

 

 

the club is to run to-morrow from its club-
house, 360 Cumberland street, Brooklyn, to
Montauk Point and return. The entrants
and drivers of the competing cars, the on)-
cials and observers, afe to meet Chairman
Pardington and his associates of the contest

committee, C. G. Arnold, F. D. Bandell and,

Russell A. Field, secretary, to-night at the
Long [sland clubhouse to talk over the rules
of the contest and to make final arrange-
ments for the start of the event at 6 o'clock
to-morrow morning.

Contestants will be allowed to store their
cars over night in the clubhouse garage with-

| out charge. The final instructions and desig-

nating numbera are to be given out to-night
@ the meeting at 8 o'clock. The running
schedule for to-morrow will be so arranged
that one hour will be allowed between 6
o'clock in the morning and 9 o clock in the
evening for necessary refreshment.

The list of officials has been picked from
men experienced in contest management,
and is as follows: Referee, Jefferson De Mont
Thompson, chairman Vanderbilt oup com -
mission and A. A. A. tecing board; judges,
Frank G. Webb, Automobile Club of America ;
Alfred Reeves, American Motor Car Manu-
facturers Association, and Dr. C. B. Parker,
Long Island Automobile Club; judges of gaso-
lene, EK. L. Ferguson, New York; Louis T.
Weiss and Allen C. Alderman, Long Island

some trout whieh he { Automobile Club; judges of lubricant, H. L.
ng Island exhibit. | ‘Towle, R. H. Johnston aati A. F. Camacho,

New York; judges of observers, W. R. Lee,
New York Automobile Trade Association,
and W. C. Colson, Long Island Automobile
Club; judges of passengers, A. W. Blanchard,
Long Island Automobile Club, and R. G.
Howell, New York; time Charles J. Dieges
and P. Clust, New York Timers Club; starter,
Fred J. Wagner, Chicago Athletic Associa-
tion; checkers, at Babylon, Leon Myron Brad-
ley, New York; at Patchogue, Mortimer C.
Reeves, Brooklyn; at Southampton, K. 8.
Arnold, Brooklyn; at Montauk, J. E. Goey,
New York. The official cars are to be a Mit-
chell, an Apperson and a six cylinder Frank-
lin.

The racing board of the American Auto-
mobile Association is to hold a meeting to-day
at the headquarters of the association at
Vifth avenue and Thirty-ninth street. The
principa! business will be a discusssion of the
new racing rules, which will be submitted
by the special committee consisting of Chair-
man JeTerson De Mont Thompson, Alfred
Reeves, A L, Riker and 8. A. Miles, who put
in three days working over their revision last
week.

Charles Thaddeus Terry, counsel of the
National Association of Automobile Manu-
facturers and chairman of the legislative
‘oard of the American Automobile Associa-

tion, announces that a hearing on the Federal
registration bill, whieh w: introdue in
Congress by Representative Cocks at the re-
ques} of the Amerioan Automobile Associa-

| tion,will be given by the Judiciary Committee

second. Time, 1 minute 27 4-5 seconds. of the House of Representatives on March 12
Fourth Heat—Won by Chris Kind, Edgecombe | at 10: o’cloc in the morning, On the day
Wheelmen: H. F. Burlingback, second, Time, | before the hearing a conference of the deie-
1 minute 9 4-5 seconds. wates from the various clubs and associations
RIFLE BHOOTING. wil) be held at the New Willard, in Washing-

Schoolboy. Shoot—Five best shots, standing, | 'on on Mareh tt at s:59 o'clock tn the even-

open to any boy not over 18 years attending school |

in the United States, for the schoolboy champlion-
ships— Best scores:

A. Garcia, Curtis, 5, 5, 5, 5, 5—25; C. L. Leverich,
Boys’ High, 8.5.5 5, 5—38;'C. Austrian, Stuyvesant,

5,5, 4--24; R. Carlson, N. ¥. M.,5,5,5,5, 4-24; Balley.
Curtis, 5,5,5,4,5-—24; F. Friest, Curtis, 5,5.4,5,5--24.
1, H. Hadsell, Pelham, 5, 5, 4, 4, 5-23; R. S. Hoss,
rary. 5,5, 4,4, 5-23; K. Hurian, Curtis, 4,4,5, 4,5
—22; W.B niey, Manual, 5, 4, 4,4, 4-21; B. Batty,
Inverness Academy ,5,5,4,4,3--21;C. Walter, Curtis,
4, 4, 4,5, 4—21; E. Richtes, Kyle, 5, 4, 4, 4, 4-21; J.
Andes, Morris, 4, 4, 4, 5, 4—21; F. B. Greer, Pingry,
5, 4,4, 4,4—21; E, Seymour. St. Augustine, 5,5,4,4.2

20; W!_ Dwyer, Curtis, 5, 5, 4, 4, 2-20; P.’ Man-
heimer, Morris, 4, 4, 4, 4, 4—20; I. Deyo, N. Y
4, 4, 4, 4, 4—20; J. Heaghs, P. S. 26,4
M. Rossa, Townsend Harris, 4, 4.4.4. nd. Vi
bark, P. 5S. 106, 5, 4,4, 3, 3-10; W. Phillips, P. S. 33,
5, 4,5, 2, 5-19.

CROSS-COUNTRY RUNNING.

 

 

Mott Haven A. C. Men Brave Snow and
Cold In Weekly Handicap.

The weekly handicap of the Mott Haven
A. ©, took place over the regular course
yesterday, and despite the snow and cold
fifteen hardy fellows completed the six miles
A few who could not stand the cold turned
back after a couple of miles had been trav-
ersed. With a handicap of 2? minutes, 45
seconds (. Westcott was the first man home;
but the real feature of the race was the tussle
between Dick Devlin and J. Glibert. Both
were on scratch and they fought out every
yard of the journey. Inthe last two hundred

arda Glibert had a little more atrength than
viin and he won by about twenty yards.
° \ Handi-

M8.
C. Westcott
P. Healy. .

D, Aaron... °.
H. P. Flater..
H, Rust

J. Gilbert...

D. Deviin

1, Gerschanek,
F, Masterson.,
H, Devitn

J. Gerschanek........
M, Flattery
J. Corbett.
W, Hayes.

   

BREE SRRSEESS
SESS =SS.88SER.

ET ES TS

>

&
3

The invitation pack covered the same
course and out of about twenty sixteen went
over the full route. After the finish several
were nearly frozen and stimulants and mas-
seurs were in brisk demand. The time was
not as good as in the club handicap, but the
fact that it was oly @ practice spin had
something to do with speed. The_ winner
was T. Hogan of the Holy Cross Lyceum
and he beat ©. Hayes of the Mohawk A.
C., the second man, by about 100 yards.
T. Hogan. Holy Cross Lyceum..............
P, Meyers, Mohawk A, C...... j
T.S. Harris, Star A. C.. +
Ed Cuno, St. ee A. C... ‘ee
Ed Durtnall, Dbominican Lyceum,
R. Gels, mo Cross Lyceum.
J. Long, Ho ¥ Cross Lyceum.
P, Nulty, er Cross Lyceum
J. McNulty, Holy Cross Lyceum. .
D. McConnell, St. Bartholomew A. O.......
T. F. O'Neill, St. Bartholomew A. C.......
A. Arinovick, unattached.............
¥ Woods, Jerome A. C.
w
P.

    
   

Sacko, Mott Haven A. C..
- Abrams, Star A. C.........,
Phillips, Borough Park A. C

NO REST FOR THE WEARY.

Manager McGraw Keeps the New Yerk
Nationals at Work on Sunday.

Mart, Tex., Feb. 23.—There was no rest for
the weary here to-day,even though the young
Giants had figured on a Sunday off. Manager
MoGraw posted a call for morning practice,
and at 9:30 he headed the procession to the
ba!l park. Some of the youngsters went out
with a hop, skip and jump, the result of the
strenuous training of last. week. but once at
the grenade McGraw gave them no time to
think about charleyhorse and such disagree-
able things He sent them through a fnat
workout and set them an example by his
ove tireless eforts. Spike Shannon and

‘atcher Snodgrass were also members of
the Sunday morning squad. Shannon did
not hustie much as he is here to take on weight
instead of leeing it. Snodgrass, however,
Jost no time in showin raw what a fine
arm he has. He lined them around the bases
with force and sooureny and also pickled a

at,

few of the benders soe raw dished ep.

@ manager pitc'! is young ters
for half an hour and whey, made every effort
to kill the ball.fa few of them succeeding in
lifting it over the fence. McGraw was
especially impressed by the batting of Jameg,
O'Brien, Evans and Herzog. ‘his afternoon
the players indulged in siestas and walks
about Mariin. ‘The fact that the bath houses
here are closed on Sunday afternoons prob-
apy @ full day’s work.

i daye
interferes with the treining, oxt Batya
ang mundey e tea) Saurday will divide
an a ‘

Seteeeeseeesecee=
8

 

 

nlay at Waoo, turdayand Sunday
games are schedul all the remaining
time in this section of the country.

Poo! at New York Athietio Club.

The annual pool championship of the New
York Athletio Club will begin to-night with

 

the followin aria: Willam Tilt, J. M.
Heatherton, H. H. e- P. Gardner, E. N.
Crowe, A. W. Brand, Dr. W. G. Douglas and
W. L. Richards.

}

 

A
. SchauMer, Boys” Highs, 5, 5,
y

ing, the meeting to be promieed over by Will-
jarr FH. Hotchkiss, president of the A. A. A.,
and Chairvan Terry.

Secretary Frederick H. Fliiott of the A.

\. has sent word to all of the automobile
elubs and State associations af“liated with
the A. A. A., asking that all auch organiza-
tions be represented at the conference ard
hearin He urges all clubs to make arrange-
ments if possitle to have a delegate in Wash-
ington for both the hearing and the con-
ference. The offcials o e Automobile
Club of Washington have anfiounced that
their organization will entertain the dele-
gates informally at their clubhonse in the
national capital on the evening of Thursday,
March 12.

Rostron, Feb. 23. —Tuesday will be the first
antomobile duy at the State tTouse, for the
Ronds and Bridges Committee will hegin
hearing the petitioners and remonstrante in
regard to the varicus bills proposing changes
in the automobile law, There are two lights
bills, one backed by the Safe Roads Auto-
mobile Association. Their object is to require
all vehicles uaing the roads at night to carry
some sort of light or lights, OF several
seasons 4 bil! to this end has been introduced,
but hithérto it has been sidetracked.

The other measures relates to license num-
ber plates, One is intented to require the
proper display of numbers of non-residert
owners of cars, It proposes to add to that
part of the existing law which governs the
use of non-residents’ automobi.es in Masaa-
chusetts a clause requiring that the out-
side ear shall display the number of its
home State registration, “substantially, iz
manner that Massachusetts oumbere “arc
required to be displayed The same bill
proposes to put a stop to the alleged prac-
tice of persons who, after having their li-
cense to drive revoked, continue driving
under that section of tBhe law which perm'ts an
unticeused person to drive if accompanied
by a licensed chauffeur or operator, The
other number plate bill provides for inc.uding
among the offences punishable with fine or
imprisonment tailure to display on a motor
vehicle the number duly assigned to said
metor vehicle with intent to conceal the
identity of the vehicle.

Bosron, Feb. 23.—Late last night the eom-
mittee announced that fourteen of the | wenty
cars entered in the Bay State Automobile
Association's endurance run finished with
perfect scores. Three were withdrawn and
three were penalized for minor mishaps.
The Marmon car, driven by Frank E. Wing,
came in firat on schedule time, without a
penalty and waa followed a minute later on
schedule time by the Thomas-Detroit, dgiven
by Charles E. Whitten, which had no penalts

The first car fintshed at 421 o'clock, the
actual running time for the 135 miles being 5
hours 20 minutes, Oliver Light's Thomas
Detroit was penalized 5 points for a stalied
motor, but finished in order. No. 4, Spring-
field, Lincoln D. Robbins, driver, was drawn;

No. & Knox, A. E. Deg n, driver, and
No. 9, Winton, L. B. Harris, driver, were
drawn. No. 16, Stevens-Duryea, J. W

Robinson, driver, was penmiized 8 points for

breaking a fan belt but finished in order:
No. 18, Rambler, ’ . Charles, driver,
was fined ints for needle valve troubie
but finish n ord

er,
The cars which finished with perfect scores
in addition to the first, two In were ag tollows:
No. 5, nee Walter Jones, driver; 6,
Atlas, . Ruggles, apiver: 7 Ra x, William
Bourque, driver, 10, bite, H. K. Sheridan,
driver; 11, White, Waiter C. White, driver:
2, Thomas, A. A. Dorsey, driver: 13, Reo,
"H. Pratt, driver: 14, Austin, J. C.’ Kennedy,
driver: 15 Lozier Harry, fo ener driver:
17, Oldsmobile, J. H. Hobson, driver: 19,
Rambler, E. W. Williams, driver: 20, Frank.
lin, Theodore Young, driver.
‘Sumins

The Amateur Athletic Union and the Na-
jonal Cyoliag Association, both of which
odies are affiliated with the American Auto-
mobile Association, make the act of competing
against a professional sufficient. cause for
forfeiture of amateur standing. The A. A. A.
rules, on the contrary, it an amateur
driver to compete again - rofessional
without even stipulating that the amateur
must not accept a cash prize. This has been
defended on the score that automobile racing
ia an. expensive time, even for a very
wealthy man, and that automobile owners
who drive their own cars in races should

he permitted to take cash prizes if Shey wish,
just as gentlemen Pare are mitted to
take cash prizes if they win eplechases

A number of automobile racing enthusiasts
repectally those who have been interested
in athletics or cycle racing declare that
the amateur rule for automobile racing should
be drawn more strictly if any hope is to be
entertained of arousing the interest of aut
mobile owners to the point where they wil
enter the lists themselves, They assert
that the practice of permitting professional
drivers to compete nat amatéurs should
be stop! and that if this were done it would
be poss ble to secure more entries of owners
in track and beach races and hill climbing

events.

Several New Yorkers, who formerly drove
their own cars in races and hill climbin
contests, ve said they lost intorent in suc
events because they conside it unfair
to expect them to compere on even terms
with regularly employed racing drivers who
have the assistance of a force of factory
mechanics in keeping their cara tuned up
all the time. Owners of automobiles who
use their cars for driving around town a
good part_of the time work 0

with horses that are sa own property.

‘ord to kee:
a force of mechanios to work on their mae
chines, and while many of them would like
to race occasionally. they to prac-
tically certain eat in events wi are pro-
fessionals would compete egainst them on
even terns.

»

F - , Phy P \ ro . F
fe SUS. MUNDAY. FES

 

rrr

        

   

     

COLLEGE BASKETBALL.

Leasuc Race A ‘most Over—Chance of Kast
vs, West Games.

Three games are leit té be played in the

; intercollegiate basketball ‘eague, the most
| important of these being that of next Tues-
| day in this city between Columbia and Penn-
| sylvania, This will be Columbia's final game,
‘and a defeat means a tie for second plac>
with Yale. A victory means certain pos-
neasion of second mace, and in the event that

Cornell defeats the \uakers on the Ithaci

floor on the following Friday in the final

game of the season a tie for first place be-
tween Columbia and Pennsylvania, This
will appeal to many persons as rather far
fetched figuring. It is mentioned only be-
cause iv is within the realms of possibility.
Cornell was beaten by Pennsylvania on

the Ithaca floor in the nist week, 24 to 15.

The score, however, give: no indication of

the way the Ithacans played in the second

halt of the contest. Then their work was
positively brilliant. However, what with
| tate starts and close finishes and general
hard luck, the Ithacans have failed to win
more than one game all season.

Columbia and Yale clashed at New Haven
last week in a game that was preficured to
be important.
the New Yorkers did as they did last year
after losing a game to Yale on the Columbia
floor. They won out after a hard fight. Yale
ended her season on Saturday by defeating
Princeton by 4 great margin, 37 to 19. The
standing in the league is:

 

 

College. W.L,. PC.| College, w. L. Pc.
r ‘ rneu.......3 167
Penns Avenia.. 6 0 1.00 ge asso , bo

Columbia.... 2
| SRO

The games that are to be played are as
follows: Tuesday, Columbia vs. Pennsyl-
vania, at New York: Thursday, Prineeton ve.
Cornell, at Prinoeton; Friday, Pegpsyivania
vs. Cornell, at Philadelphia.

‘The standing of the players vidual
int scoring. has entered ttle nge.

lark of Princeton came up @ | through
‘making 20 foul goals in the week. Kiendl

of Columbia still leads, although he no longer
ape Ld qreates, — mn oaelat v —
of goals respectively. 2) -
sylvania, with 2¢ field goals, is the ppnes in
that division. Kiend) has 20 goala.
Keinath of has made 46 foul
goals, 48 many as Keinath will have
two games to play this week and y very
well outstrip the Columbia man before the
season |s over.

There are thirty-five players in the follow-
ing list, which, however, represents only
those players who have made pointe. There
are several who have been in one game or
another as substitutes who have fa to
score. The list is:

ge, Player, Position.
GaGEBDID, Bu 5. -s 00000000

Keinath, Pennsylvapia, 1.

Crosby, Corneil, ¢.."...

Pennsylva
Kiendl.

  

Colle
Kiend!

  
  
 
 

Van Vieck, Yale, 0......
R. Ryan, Princeton, f.

Noyes, Yale, g.......-.5:.
Clark, Princeton, c.......-
Melitzer, Columbia, f.....

 

Keyes, Princeton, f.....
Kimbel, Columbia, /. ‘ eneaes
McCrudden, Pennsylvania, ¢...

Klefaber, Pennsylvania, g.......-

   

Cerussi, Columbia, g.
Cilfford, Vale, f.....
F. Murphy, Yale, ¢
Veeder, Princeton

Schnepp, Cornell, ¢

Thompson, Princeton, oc.....
Goodwin, Cornell, @... .-
Mahan, Columbia, g.
Carrigan, Yale,f ....
Chapman, Cornell, c..

[Ebb dt EEL Ebest lot eet

 

Shero, Cornell, ¢ ‘

 

aa aadaUDIrZassZUBHHOSABNE SS SSESESSSS FE

———---——————e ee eo PR CU DS Ds OvlvOrooOon SO +r —- la

-NNNiVviet a HP ee FOSGgaats

Warner, Princeton, ¢.....-
Speer, Pennsylvania,.....

Manager “ohnson of the Pennsylvania
‘basketball team has written to the Wiscon-
sin basketball management to attempt to
arrange a series of games between the two
universities after the season. Wisconsin is
very. likely to win the Western champion-
If Wisconsin does not Chicago will,
so that the challenge has been sent to Chicago
too to cover that contingency. The Wiscon-
sin Management will hardly accept if they
have to go to Philadelphia to play one or
two of the games. The Pennsylvanians hardly
will consent to play_all Saree eames in the

whether at Madison, Milwaukee or
Chicago, as has been sug ested. It is there-
fore rewarded as unlikely that the series will
come off if Wisconsin wins the conference
championship.

Pennsylvania is also arranging to meet
the winner of the New England League cham-

onshiv, probably Wesleyan. Wesleyan beat
ennsylvania at Philadelphia earlier in the
Quakers want to get even if

ship.

West,

season, so the
possible.

PROTEST FROM THE COAST.

Ranking of Pacific Tennis Players Doesn't
Please Out There.

The ranking committee of the U.S. N. L.
T. A., a body which recently has come in for
a deal of criticism, has received another shot,
this time from the Pacific coast, because of
the places assigned to the best tennis players
of that section. M. McLoughlin, the coast
champion: M. Long and G. Janes were placed
88, 30 and 40 respectively in the list. On
the coast, these men were ranked for the
season 1, 2 and 6 respectively. At the
time they were ranked by the committee
here it was a uneced that insufficient data
has been ree about these men, but that
they were put where they were as a com-
plimentary ranking.

Writing to American Lawn Tennis, a Pacific
coast player takes exception to these men
having been ranked at all, because several
Eastern players were not ranked “owing to
insufticient data,” as the committee an-
pounced. He pointa out that A. E, Boll, the
thied best man in the coast rankings, should
have Deen ranked in the East rather than
Janes. It also is mentioned that no Pacific
coast players have been ranked hitherto

unless they played in the East, so that it is
‘Lhe letter winds

 

not tair to do it this time.

up
We certainly think we have had @ rough deal
and If any explanations can be made by anybody
It may be t oer
ey

we would like to hear them.
men would not rank higher, but we thin
would, and would like It least a fair chance to prove
it. Weare too far away from “the seat of war”
to send a delegation every season, but we don't
want to be ranked when we don't compete If
Clothter, Alexander, Hackett and others who have
played in the Kast during the season have not played
enough to be ranked, why should our men who
have not played within #,000 miles of headquarters
be stuck In at the end of the list? That's all we
want to know.

We realize that the committee hae a thankless
commission always-but we can't understand
their move toward ranking men on the other side
of the continent with thelr own players. The mere
fact that they have placed James next to Long
makes more than a joke of the whole thing. It is
as bad as this: (1) Larned, (2) Wright and (3) W.C.
Grant (pardon the use of the names). it would

lease ali Californians to have you withdraw the
hree names from the list and close up the gap by
promoting the others.

 

HOCKEY.

Crescent Team Stiii Leads and Has Three
More Gages to Play.

The Crescent Athletic Club hockey team
still has a commanding lead in the tourna-
ment for the amateur championship. This
team has not lost a game so far. The St.
Nicholas and New York Athletic Club teams
are tied for second place with four victories
and two defeats each. Last week the St.
Nicholaa team won from the Hockey Club,
and the New York A. ©. defeated the Wander-
era te The players on these two teams
still thihk that they havea chance to win the
championship, each figuring to defeat the
other when they meet next week and each
team hoping that the Crescent team will
suffer two defeats. Everything 1s possible
in poshey and the best teams have been
beaten when victory seem opptain,

To-morrow night the St. Nicholas team
will meet the Wanderers and should have
no trouble winning. On Friday night the
Creacent joan will play against the Hockey
Club, and this game should be good practice
for the Crescents and put them on edge for
the match with the New York A. C, next week.
Experts think that this will be the game of
the season, and the New York A. ©. men
make no secret of their hope that they will
force the Crescent team to play ita beat to
win. he ctapding of she teams in the tourna-
ment to date is as follows:

W. L. Po.

Chud. w. L. fs; | Club. *
Cressest A.C..6 9 1000 Hockey Ciup....} 200
St. Nich. 8.C..4 2 .466|Wanderers H. C.0
N.Y.A.C.,....4 2 .666)

 

4
6 ooo

 

Wiligoose Enters Lehigh.
A. L. Willgoose, the Cornell athlete who
was dropped following the recent examina-

tions, has entered Lehigh. e will not be
ble to repr it the institution in ath-

Hi
fet os for a year. He was a junior at Cornell
when he was dropped. 80 he may be
able to represent Lehigh in the track season
of 1900 if he wants to.

See

ee es ee ce epee

eT sakuiaiemaies
M MAY GO. ABROAD | "

OCTER TBA

COLUMBIA PLAYERS AMBITIOUS
TO MEET ENGLISH ELEVENS.

 

 

Success In the Intercollegiate Series tho
Preliminary Step—Game Is Firmly
Planted at Morningside—Men Out for
Track, Lacrosse and Golf Teams.

Outdoor work in nearly every brapch of
sport started at Columbia last week, and
judging from the number of candidates who
have reported to the various captains it is
likely that the Morningside college will have
good teams in baseball, soccer, lacrosse, golf
and tennis. The baseball men have not yet
started their outdoor training and the tennis
players are limbering up in the gymnasium,
but the soccer, lacrosse and goif enthusiasts
are outside, excepting when the whether is
such that training is impossible.

Soccer has taken a firm hold at Columbia
and from twenty to thirty men are out kicking
the ball around in thé snow on South Field
every afternoon. Last fall the team was

} fairly successful in its games with the local
As Columbia supporters hoped, |

clubs, but the intercollegiate series, which

| begins on March 7, will give a better idea of

what the New York collegians are doing in
the English game.

There has been some talk among the under-
graduates that if the team wins the inter-
collegiate championship they will be sent
to England next August and spend two
months touring England and Scotland. °
D. Murphy, the manager of the team,
that if the necessary funds can be raised the
trip will probably be taken. Games could be
arranged with the leading English county
elevena and a contest or two would probably
take place between Oxford and Cambridge
and the Columbia team. Nothing will be
done in arranging for the trip until the worth
of the Blue anfi White team has been deter-
mined.

Now that interclass football has been
restored at Columbia some of the students
who look upon the growth in popularity of the
association game as an intrusion would like
to see socoer discontinued. But the game
has secured too firm a foothold and even if
the ban should be lifted from intercollegiate
football there is every reason to believe that
soccer would continue as a varsity sport on
Morningside Heights.

The prospects of a trip across the Atlantic
are making the men who are in training re-
double their efforts to make a good showing.
Capt. E. C. Dwyer has had several exponents
of the kicking game up on South Field during
the last month and as a result the players
are getting down some of the fine points of
the game that are rarely seen in this country.
Tallant, the veteran goal keeper, has been
playing with the scrub and has allowed very
few shots to get past him. Dwyer and
Kistler are doing good work in the wings
and the backs feed the ball to them in first
class style. There is only one home game
in the intercollegiate schedule.’ As this
series ends up about March 25, the manage-
ment is trying to arrange a number of games
to be played in April.

Coach Josh Crooks has let up 4 little in the
track work, but he has had the long distance
men training outdoors since the ist of Febru-
ary. Sanders and Hoyns, with Hall, the two
miler, talte a squad of from twelve to fifteen
men around the block bounding the univer-
nity grounds every afternoon for a two mile
run The track on South Field will not ne
put in condition for six weeks yet, and in the
meantime Crooks will try to develop tne
endurance of runners by working them on
the city streets. The sprinters are spending
their time in practising starts on the indoor
track in the gymnasium. The jumpers, pole
vaulters and hurdiers are doing practicatiy
nothing, but they will beg,n work .n a week
or so when the Sirst of the weekly ,nterclass
handicap meets will be held.

Pollock and Grassi are the only candidates
so far for the weights. They have both con-
tinued work on South Field except when the
snow was too deep. Pollock has teen throw-
ing the hammer about 130 feet right along
and will probably be the best weight man
that Columbia has had in recent years.

The dropping of the meet with Pennsyl-
vania is considered a wise plan by track
authorities at Columbia. They say that in
the contest with Aapagets every man will
have a chance of winning and will have to
do his utmost at any rate. On_ the
other hand the men have been in the habit
of going Wto the Pennsylvania meet with
the fixed idea that they would lose, Con-
sequently their efforts were only half hearted
and the contests instead of giving them en-
couragement in their work h the very
opposite effect. Some of the track men
want the agreement with Pennsylvania re-
newed, but there is little probability of the
dual meet being held again for several years
at least.

The prospects of the lacroase team are
considerably brighter than at any time dur-
ing the last few years. Of last season's team
nine men have reported to Capt. Turpin in
addition to_last year's entire freshman team.
Bliss and Melitzer are the strongest candi-
dates for second and third attack. Swart-
wout, however, will have a hard struggle
in holding his pees at centre against Brit-
tain, the 1910 freshman centre. The other
members of the team who are out for their
old positions are Trott, goal; Baum, cover
point: Turpin, first defence; Alterman, second
defence: and Friedman, third defence. Me-
Call and Schneider, both sophomores, are
fighting it out for first attack. There are
also a number of freshmen practising for
their class team. In all there are about
thirty men who have been working in the
grove since the Christmas vacation.

CGiames have been arranged with several
of the local club teams and, in addition to
playing the requir waives with the teams in
the northern division of the [Intercollegiate
lacrosse Association, Manager Hinch has
scheduled contesis with the teams of the
southern division. This includes Swarth-
more, Johns Hopkins, Lehigh and Stevens
Institute. The schedule has not been entirely
completed find the game with Cornell has
not yet been arranged. Last year Columbia
finished in last place in the northern division
of the league with a team consisting of green
men. This year, however, the prospects are
betrer and the Blue and ite has the chance
of winning a majority of its games.

In the only dual meet in which Columbia
competed last season Yale gave the New
Yorkera a bad beating. This year the Colum-
bians have arranged to ’meet Princeton,
Yale, Harvard and ponney}vanis. and there
are wames with the West Side, New York and
Hamilton Grange Lawn Tennis clubs.

Golf is just being revived as an under-
graduate sport after a. period of  in-
activity lasting over three years. A new
organization hus been effected and a team
under the captaincy of T. M. Alexander,
‘o8, will begin practiee over either the Engle-
wood or the Dunwoodie Country club links
within a few days, There has been little or
no interest taken in wolf for several years
at Columbia, and although there is said to be
lots of good material in the university only
fifteen or sixteen men have signifed their
willingness to jinin the club. Among the
better known are C. W. Hunt, T. B. Crane
and A.1.. Rroe. Meets have already been ar-
ranged with the Scarsdale, Siwanoy, Forest

ills, Dyker Meadow and Hackensack clubs,
and others with Vale. Harvard. Princeton
and Cornell are pending.

 

PROS IN RACQUET MATCH.

Souter of Philadelphia Gets Revenge by
Beating Glockler.

Boston, Feb. 23.—An interesting sequel
to the amateur racquet championships at the
Tenols and Racquet Club last week was a
professional! exposition of the game on Satur-
day afternoon. The contestants were Fritz
Glockler, the marker and assistant to Tom
Pettitt, at the local club, and J. Souter, pro-
fessional at the Philadelphia Tennis and
Racguet Club. Soon after the openin ft
the Philadelphia club's building Giockler nd
Souter met there, and the result wasa victory
for the Boston lad. The match last Saturday
was a return affair, and this time the Quaker
city player was victorious by the scores of
16-—8, 15--7, 4-15, 15-0.

Glockler was decidedly off his game and

id not play nearly as well as when he met

uter in niledeiphia. Souter had an ex-
cellent service, and while this was bother-
some to Glockler, the latter was alao slow in
covering the court. It is probable that the
pair will meet again before the season ends.

 

Yale Baseball Men Report To«day.

New Haven, Conn., Feb. 23.—The Yale
baseball candidates will report to-motrow
afternoon at the Yale gym for their
first practice of the year. Capt. Tad Jones

will superintend the work himself for a while.
There are over fifty candidates for positions

5

fies Rireartreee ;
ei auare
Neier

    
  
 
 
 
 
 

Creates a healthy
appetite and in-
sures good di-

 
     
 
     
 

  

LUYTIES BROTHERS,
U. S. Agents, New York.

 

GOLFERS AT GARDEN CITY

CHANGES IN COURSE FOR AMA-
TEUR CHAMPIONSHIP.

 

 

Travis Again in Training, but the Young-
sters No Longer Fear Him—(Caddie
Boys and the Tariff—American Sus-
gestions in Regard to New Rules.

* Forewarned is forearmed, and while the
Garden City Golf Club is in the throes of re-
juvenation for the amateur championship tn
September the former titleholder, who lives
there, Walter J. Travis is away at Pinehurst
so that he will not lose an hour’s practice.
Travis since his retirement from the broker-
age business last fall has given all his time
to golf, and he is said to be playing better than
ever. This is interesting, but the point is
whether Travis is playing good enough to
win the 1008 title. The days are past when
to merely enter a tournament meant a gold
medal and a silver cup for Travis. Delight-
ful golfer as he is in the prosaic, marionette
style, Travis is now but one of a class, and
those who hold him safe, with the exception
of E. M. Byers, are of the opposing school
of golf, the daring, dashing and delectable
school of Freddie Tait, Young Tom and John
Ball, Jr. The most prominent to be named
for the moment are Jerome Travers, Chandler
Egan, Fred Herreshoff, J. (G. Anderson, War-
ren K. Wood, Ned Sawyer, Laurence Eustis,
Ellis Knowles and H. B. MoFarland, the last
named a far better golfer than most folks
imagine.

Not one of this crowd is in such early train-
ing as Travis, and to keep in hard trim the
year round would be distasteful to them.
Yet when September dawns, although the
contest is on his own course and worth five
strokes advantage, it is odds against Travis
winning.

Astothe Garden City Colf Glub, it is forcing
ite namby-pamby course as remodelled for
the rocking chair fleet into the highest class
of links. As Travis and the committee left
it, with the exception of the undulating
greens the course was a bowling alley, the
player being safe from trouble unless his
ball went to right or left and hit a pin boy.
Since then under the direction of Barker,
the former Yorkshire amateur, fifty hazards
have been added. The thirteenth hole,
quite spoiled in the last change, bas been
restored to a full drive and is of 173 yards
now instead of a drive and a pitch. The
change to a two shot hole has been con-
demned. The home hole is to have the green
backtrapped—some say to resemble the
famous Marsh Redin—and in all ways the
Garden City course will be ready for the
championship.

To overcome the pernicious effect of the
uncertainty of employment a number of the
loca! clubs will take un the system inaugurated
by a few ljast vear and place their caddie
boys on a stated weekiv wage. This in most
cases will be 50 cents a day, the time allow-
ance being full as to schooiboys on Saturdays
and holidays, but this ciass will receive only
25 cents a day on school days, which means
an employment after 3 o'clock in the after-
noon. Any surplus of fece gore to the caddie
boy, the checks being jed by the green
keeper, so that the 50 cent fee is in the nature
of a minimum earning. At the Gien Echo
Golf Club in St. Louis the caddie boys of
epecial tournaments are provided as volun-
teers by an orphan asylum.

The United States Golf Association has
had 1,500 copies printed of the questions to
the rules committee of St. Andrews and its
answers, or a summary of the decisions since
the rules revision of 1897. The expense seems
to have been an unnecessary one, for the text
has appeared in full in the special golf maga-
zines and at the revision due in May both
questions and answers will have to go to the
serap heap. They will be superseded by the
new code.

The suggestions sent by the American
rules committee, accerding to a Western
member of that body, to the St. Andrews

committee will not be found of a startling
nature. Nor will they reveal, says he, the
traces of the Midnight oil that it is said was
burned in Pree the Soper. The United
States Golf Association has had printed copies
of its su peaons, but it will not release a
copy until after permission, or rather an
acknowledgment of the letter, is at hand
from the rules committees of the Royal and
Ancient Golf Club of St. Andrews. It is
understood from a private letter that: the
Scots are more amazed over the attention to
verbiage and technique shown by the Ameri-
cans rather than by any new suggestions
they have made. A somewhat free and easy
diction, sanctioned by usage and hallowed
= sentiment, has been within the province

} the St. Andrews rules committee.

There is one rule, however, that Tar Sun
would seek to have changed, dt is Rule 1¢,
which ceclares if a ball ites in casual water
through the green it may be dropped with
out penalty either directiv behind or at the
side of the casual water neireat to which
it lies, but not nearer the hole: buc if it hes
in casual water ine hazard it may be lropped
on or behind the hazard under penaity ot
one stroke, In either case the player hee
the alternative of playing the ball out of the
the casual water without penalty, but in the
first case he can elect whether to pluy or to
drop without penatty, whereas in the second
case ie may not be dropped anywhere ex-
cept under penalty of one stroke,

his is 4 most unteasonable and illogical
situation. The logiea! rule, not forgetting
the fundamental rule @ regards casual water
through the green, shOuld be that if'a hall lie
in casual water in a hazard it may if possible
be dronved in the hazard, but not nearer the
hole without penalty, If the hazard ia free of
casual wate? then that is the player's mis-
fortune, and he must either play out of the
water without penalty or drop behind under
penalty of one stroke. In brief the golf
rates chemia 36 7 scneral application ‘and
not merely to ani jocal requirements
of St. Andrews, Scotland. :

 

INTERNATIONAL SKATING,

Ochoim of Stockholm Wins Earopean
Speed Events in Good Time.

The amateur skating championships, of
Europe were held this year at Klagenfurt in
Austria, and the best speed skaters in the Old
World competed. There were four events,
500, 1,500, 5,000 and 10,000 metres, and Maaritz
Oeholm of Stockholm won the title by se-
curing three out of the four events.

The opening event was 500 metres, and {t
roduced one of the closest races ever seen
or the title, the first four men finishing within

a fifth of a second, while the sixth and seventh
were only 11-5 seconds behind. Oceholm
was the winner, and he covered the 500 metres
547 yards in 47 seconds. Bobrer of Klagen-
furt, Mathieson of Christiania and Vikander of
Heisengfors tied for the next three places at
47 1-5 seconds. Bohrer is the new “phenom.”
The record is 44 4-5 seconds, by Gunderson in

1906.

Oeholm won the 5,000 metres in 9 minut
1 1-5 seconds, with Bohrer second. There wep
& surprise in the 1, metres when Mathi
beat Oeholm by 4-5 of a second, his time being
2 minutes 29 2-5 seconds. In the 10,000 me-
tres Bohrer gave Oeholm a atiff argument all
the way, but the latter won by nearly 6 sec-
onds in 18 minutes 24 seconds, .

a

,
Baseball Notes.

Johnny Kling, the boss catcher of c
Cubs, has issued a challenge to Thomas Huson ee
play for the pool championship. He wants to
play before March 15. ueston defeated Kune
seven years ago, but as Johnny's forfeit ts up he
evidently doesn t think Hueston can do It again.

Kddie Plank, who refuses on jette
contract at the terms named thes n, Ow con
the Gettysburg College players for several weeks.

 

op the team and the material is considered | P!nk once played on the Gettysburg nine.

superior to that of last. year. While it is al-
most certain that A. RK. Merritt, last year's
freshman pieoner. will be unable to occupy
the box this year the faculty has removed
the ban on Eddie ‘an \leck, whose work
the oer per Se a waa first class,

. ushing, Parsons and Howard
ones, will fili the box.

‘The University of Pennsylvania hi
fangled device to teach the ball players bow ‘e mos
a ball squarely \ contrivance has been rigged
up, part of which Is a vertical cord on which fi a
hall which can be moved up and down at will
When adjusted to the desired height the batter
takes a swing at it. Jt springs straight ahead

when hit squarely, but if
es ite not moves up or down,

 
       
     
        

    

A A ES ST A

! eeoehdmadiananah initiates
| ROZIER sroscway and stn st. ‘Tel, sabe

| a on sat ene
QUINBY JM, & GO. R24 si eee

| RAMBLER

a a

—— eee

  
  

 

 

~

NEWARK
Automobile Show

pew Jersey Automobile & Motor
Club.

New Jersey Automobile Trade As-
sociation.

February 2ist to 29th.
Following makes exhibited:

 
   
   
 
 
  

Atlas « Locomobile
Autocar Maxwell
Auburn Mitchell
Allen-Kingston Marmon
Brush Northern
Buick iy ee
Corbin Oldsmobile
Cadillac Packard
Cameron Pullman
Ford Peerless
Grout Pierce Great Arrow
Garford Stevens-Duryea
Holsman Stoddard-Dayton
Jackson White
Knox Winton

Waltham

 

Reproduction Vanderbilt Cup Race.
Music by Sweet & Vincentz.

Electric Park Auditorium,
South Orange Avenue.

  

DIRECTORY

e+

ACME 4. B. BREWSTER & CO
7th Ave. & 49h St. Tel. 141 Rrvant

 

AM. LOCO. MOTOR CAR iieny Pe Sao
AUTOGAR A009 PNine diss River

BABCOCK pray tor. sain st: Prone s8ia Bevan

CARER ee nee tel bam Gol.

CADILLAC GEO, J. GROSSMAN,

1840 B'way, corner Sist st.

CLEMENT-BAYARD & APPERSON

SIDNEY H. BOWMAN AUTO CO.
225-231 West 40th St., New York.

DEMAREST A, T. & Co. “EIS
ELMORE 4,

335 Sth Ave,

 

 

 

 

iott Ranney Co., Bway at
St.. N. ¥. Phone 3850 Col.

FIAT THE HOL-TAN CO.,
244-20 W. 40th St. Phone 2406 Bryant.
samndsteeainanidlapelantnedeeminadaigtaerenaannsnsremiqanioaeeareematanmanietneentl>

FORD MAMMOTH GARAGE CO.,
* White Plains, N, Y.

NE CO., Motor Mart, A2d st. and
FR R-MILLE B'way. Tel. 2851 Columbua

 

 

CARFORD Oey Mion dat Bryant.

HAYNES oun Eee. Peone ‘aes Columbus.

ences hananernS REREAD AES
HOL-TAR 2.208. Most Doone 2400 Brvane,
ITALA ITALA IMPORT CO.,

41 W. SSth st. & 835 Sth av.
JACKSON & GLIDE {3.) 7° 70935 Bi

 

 

 

 

Col,

MORA MOTOR CAR CO.,
Broadway & 52d Street. Tel. 8889 Col.
eee

WATIONAL HOMAN & SCHULZ CO,

88 West 62d st. Phone 4511 Col,

RAINIER ay a sou st

HOMAN & SCHULZ CO,,
88 W. 62d st. Phone 4511 Col,
RENAULT FRFERES, hd Sith st,
P. Lacroix, Gen, Mgr. Te}. 3004 Col.

RENAULT

| REO & PREMIER TP soci se “Phone Mab Co
‘ROLLS-ROYCE

Rolls Royce Import Co.,
1875 B'way. Tel, 4962 Col.

sedaenaadmamnteens tee ees
ROYAL TOURIST 5.0%, U0cI sis Rivee™

 

 

 

 

STEARNS  YokOrr.cuuRcH & PARTRIDGE
S.W. cor. B'way & 56th st. Tel. 5400 Cal.
THOMA Tel. 6450 Col, Newark, 213 Clinton ave,
WHITE CO., Broadway and 62d @
At Manhattan's Pioneer Automobile Estab-
lishment.
Five Mercedes, “18-22,” "28," “35," "40" horse:
Five Rochet-Schneiders, “16" to “50"; Panharda,

Stoddard-Dayton Pe sin, oo)
sas ~etetiainelliiaie " tenuiiaiigiaicnpaamnnnieeiassigaiins
HARRY S.HOUPTCO.,, Foci & 63d st.
WHITE Phone 5952 Col.
Autos: (ireatest Sale in Years.
Never such remarkable staple makes, RIDICUL-
OUS Prices.
“18" to “35"; Charron -Girardot- Voigt, “50°; Mar-
tine, "40"; Loziers; Seven Packards; ‘Ten Maxwells,

$900 u

p.
Eight Cadillacs, Locomobiles, Thomas Runabouts

and Touring; Oldsmobiles, Pierce-Arrows, “[}.

M.” Raceabouts, Mitchells, Doctors’ Runabouts, 1907
Reo Runabouts, Autocars, Royals, Popes, Hainiers,
1907 Studebaker Limousine; 300 others. Demon

oo cheertulily given,
‘riees 13 lower than you expect and eve r
Hoe:

pul through the most complete plant ever, T
SANDS OF TIRES, all slaughtered.
:
A | new and 2d hand auto bodies,
Limousine, Runabout, Touring Rodies at any old
price

BROADWAY MAMMOTH AUTOMOBILE
EXCHANGE,
9 to 24) West 56th, near Proadway.

 

 

WORLD'S SKATING RECORDS.

 

 

New Figures for 1,500 and 500 Metres
‘ Made at Davos.

Two world’s records at akating saw the
light in the recent championships of the
world held at Davos, Switzerland. Four
events comprised the meet—500, 5,000, 1,500
and 10,000 metres—and these attracted the
best skaters in the world.

Oscar Mathiesen of (Christiania captured
the title,as he won three out of the four
Ip the 1,500 metres the Norwegian won by
about three seconde, his time being 2 minu!es
204-5 seconds, and it waa a new mark for
the world, beating the old one of 2 minutes
223-5 seconds by_ Poestiund at Davos 1"
fepruary, 1900. Mathiesen maintained «
speed of about 11.6 yards a second. [he
distance was 109 metres short of a mile, ar!
allowing that the skater would slow dows
for the remaining distance he would ar 1m
worst do the mile in 2 minutes #2 secons
figures which easily would eclipse anything
yet made ge skates on 4 circular track

Mathiesén's time for 5,000 metera was &
Minutes 55 3-5 seconds, or 1% seconds slow «!
than the world’s record by Kgen in 1894
Hut when Mathiesen skated the ice was cor
ered with water. Mathiesen won the 10,00
meters in 18 minutes | 4-5 seconds, ‘I honso
of Sweden being second with 18 minutes 4
seconds

The 500 meters was won by Wikander of
Helsingfors in 44 4-5 secre . and in this h
beat hoth Mathiesen and Oeholm, who had
the week before won the European champion
ship. The time equalled the record by Gup
dersen in 16, but in subsequent trials Wi
kander reduced the record to 44 2-5 seconds
= this made the second world’s mark fos

 

Pougiass to Try for Navy Crew.

ANN4PO1IS, Feb. 23.- Midshipman ‘archi
bald M. Douglass, captain of the navy foot-
ball team, and who recently set a new figure
for the strength test at the Naval Academy,
will try for the crew this year and may be
in the boat against Harvard. Resides hia
great. strength he has the ideal build for an
oaraman, being ® feet ° inches in height aud
weighing 180 pounds.