VOL. LXXVIL—NO, 171.

Che

a

 

 

+NEW YORK,

 

SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 1

191 L.—Copyrigtt, 111, by the Sun Printing and Publishing A

 

WY,

 

RaTUCRDAY,
Rain and warmer to-day; fair and colder
to-morrow.

Rociahion

 

Frprvary 18, 1911.

oS

PRICE TWO CENTS.

 

MA

\ADERISTS DEFEAT

CAVALRY

PEACOCK ON GUADALE PE TOILED

NEW TROOPS ADVANCING,

Sik of Disturbance
states of Mexteo

\ s.

Rebel Mand Took
Generals Guard
Bad@anpatgning Weather,

Velardena

frontier

lex eb. 17. In the first
s upon the head-
ters of Francisco 1, Madero, leader

‘ e Mexican insurrection, they have

‘ ' f the Federal

Ised. The fight took place on
j

lav night at Guadalupe Pass, a

' distance west of Gaudalupe, where

Is stopping, and 00) Pederal

ryinen under command of Col
‘i from Juarez, 186 miles away,
hod retire and send back to Juarez
‘ rmeentorcements
| ese went Out this morning in the form
f deo infantrymen, 200 cavalrymen and
acillervinen with two mountain how
ers and several rapid tire guns The

ws oof the fight was not divulged in
‘uarez. but this afternoon a correspondent
f THE SUN who reached Madero'’s head
tarters Thursday

this

during night and

rossed back to Teas afternoon

elephoned in that it had occurred and

vw the Federals failed to force the pass
and get through to Guadalujo and Ma-
cero

The Mexican insurrecto chief told the
errespondent that he would not return
to the United States, and was satisfied

that his army was now strong enough |

‘Oo protect him in Mexico He would
move at once, he said, into the mountains
south of the international boundary
about twenty miles and he was certain
the Federals conld never take him

He says his soldiers will take Chihuahua
while Navarro is at Juarez. Abram Gon-
zales, provisional Governor of the State
of Chihuahua, and the insurrecto strategy
board are with Madero

Three United States general officers
are now watching the American border
Gen, Tasker H. Blisa is at Calexico, Cal
Gen. Winfield Scott Schuyler at Nogales,
Ari, and Gen. Joseph W. Dunean at
F) Paso Bliss commands the De-
partment of California, Gen. Schuyler the
Department of Colorado and Gen, Dun-
an the Department of Texas

Gen. Dunean made an inspection of
he New Mexico line in a special train
to-day. He will return to San Antonio
ia few days, inspecting the line east
flere. It is raining all along the Texis-
Now Mexico line to-day, making it very
cosagresable for the American
is well as for the contending Mexican
f rees

 

Gen.

That the insurrectos are active in Du-

ngo is proved by mail advices to-day
from Torreon giving details of the fall of
Velardena and Cuencame, near there
The insurrectos took Velardena at 1
P.M. Tuesday. There were 300 mnen on
foot and 200 mounted. They appointed
their own jefe, a Velardena man

[he leader of the insurrectos was a
Gilor from Cuenecame and most of Lis
flowers were from that dis'rict 4
school teacher in Velardena was
nated as the new jefe and the tailor made
#& speech, saying he had suffered at the
hands of the Government anid h
imprisoned and was taking up arms for
his rights.

The forces captured the arms and
borses of [the rurales and confiscated the
horses. They demanded money fron
G. C, Kaufmann, manager of the mining
department, but received none, ‘Then
they went to Asarco to the smelting prop-
erties of the American) Smelting and
Securities Company and at 4 P. M. de-
manded $5,000 and got $1,500 from M,. 7
Foster, assistant manager. Then they
marched to the Hacienda Pedricena, n
the station, where they are now encamped,

  

 

 

 

 

The same band attacked Cuencame,
ling the jefe politico and others. The
oMicials found refuge in the charch. ° One

mon in Velardena shouted
\roericans” and was imm
S, Americans were harme

highty Mexican Federal
ssillo have been sent to Naco, Ariz
re the eustoms collector has severa

“Death to
ately shot.

  
  

blerry

 

toes appealed to American troops f{ r|

tection from expected insurrecto at-
s which have not come,
home of the Greene-Cananea Copper
Company, is alarmed at reports of insur-
ar there and all approaches to
town are guarded night and day,
i soldiers occupy the tops of houses,
they do in Juarez. A hundred and
enty-five Federals and 300 civilians
eoard the town,
rez is guarded only by about 400
to-night, while the Federals are east
Jgning against Madero, If Orozco
west of the town as he was a week
he could take it in the darkness at-
« the ramstorm. His whereabouts
known
xico Crry, Feb, 17.—While it looks
gh the Government is conquering
ts in Chihuahua, other parts of
iblie are showing ine
ellious activity
day Several uprisings were re-
! yesterday in the State of Puebla,
of a hundred rebels
two miles of the
San Rafael and Atlixeo Railroad
iotrown of Coyula war taken by
hand. which it killed
the municipal president
roups of re

Cananes

 
  

 

 

reased signs
growing a#tr

destroyed

telegraph line

is rumored
«ly
els appeared at
mid destroyed all the telephone
vicinity. Later they captured
several small towns

'
od
els appear to working in
inds, but it is that
rk in all part of one movement
erninent sent several companies
from Mexico eity to the disaf-
n@cts yesterday, Forces from
neisting of various companies
ts and the local rurales
gainst them
f further
have

helleved

disturbances in
reached Maevieo eity
tea jarge number of insur
BY mpathizers
the central part of that city,
h they imarched to a point in

Where there were
They insulted
policemen who at-
's. to make arresta and a number
«ns who refused to join in the
ition, It is impossbble to secure
co." rmation of these rumors, but a force

roe

several

  

 

Spread to Many)!

troops |

nomi- |

id een,

 

troops from |

onger !

were |

held ay

more:
and roughly |

; wn
of troops was despatched to Guadalajara
yesterday,
| Despatches have been received here
telling of fighting in the States of Zaca-
tecas, Sonora, Tepic, Oaxaca, Durango,
| Tabasco and Vera Cruz, showing that
while the movements against the Gov-
ernment are as a rule of small impor-
tance severally, nevertheless the discon-
tent seems to be widespread.

hifty-six prisoners from Monterey ar-
tived here last night. They were imme-
diately placed in the penitentiary. All the
prisoners are charged with assisting in
the rebellion

| Part of the Explosives That Went Of at
| Conmunipaw Pier. ~
Three officials of the Du Pont de
|

Nemours Powder Company were among
the witnesses in Jeraey City last night
it the second session of the Coroner's
Inquest into the big explosion at Com-
munipawoon February 1

Capt. Burr St. John, superintendent
of transportation for the company, tes ti-
fied that the Katherine Wo, which was
blown up, waa booked to take 300 cases
lof dynamite to Gravesend for export
on a ship going to Montevideo. He said
that there were three cara of explosives
on the pier at the time of the explosion,
Peontaining. respectively 670, 40 and 783
a of dynamite It was the first car
was destroved

When the Katherine W. came to the
pier,” Prosecutor Garven asked, “what
i did she have on board?"

There were 100 barrels of black pow-
der, each containing 100 pounds, stored
att." replied St) John

The captain was‘sure the Katherine W
had no detonating caps in her cargo

“Wouldn't you consider it gross negli-
gence to ship black powder and dyna-
mite on the same boat?" asked Garven

St John replied, “Yes,” and then quali
fied his answer by saving that he thought
it would be safe in transit.

Fred Peters, manager of the powHer
company’s New York sales branch, said
jhe didn’t know anything about the dyna-
(mute at Communipaw, as all shipments
| Were taken care of by his subordinates.

“Isn't three carloads of dynamite quite
a shipment’” asked Garven

“Why. dynamite comes along
ously.” he answered

“Why was acarof dynamite allowed to
stay on the pier seven days?”

“Because the steamer was delayed. It
was expected to sail from day to day.”

Ralph B. Morse of 801 Hillside avenue,

 

ease
'
that

continue

Plainfield, who has charge of the ecom- |

pany's accounting department, testified
that the record showed that there was no
blagk powder in the cars on the pier

 

 

|) VRS. WARREN RECOVERSJEWELS

| SOOO Necklace Lost In 1007 Is Restored
|

| by a Paris Court.

| Special Cable Despatch to Tue Sew
|

 

Paris, Feb. 17.-In 1907 Mra. Whitney
| Warren of New York city lost a necklace
| hare which had cost 3,000 francs, or $600

Tn $000 the necklace was recognized in
jthe collection of Deper Dussin shown in
the Decorative Arts Museum and suit
as instituted for its recovery

An investigation showed that a Bois de
Boulogne restaurant keeper had accepted
{the neeklace from an unknown lady in
payinent of a bill of 380 francs, or $76
The necklace was sold severaltimes after-
ward, once for 550 and again for 900france,

iw

'franes, or about half its value.

The court ordered Dussin to-day to
| restore the necklace to Mrs. Warren on
jthe ground that it had not been bought
{under proper legal precautions

|

 

 

  

Big Tim Heard It Is Timothy—-Ferrts Pre-
sented Witha Vest Labelled “Little Tim,"'
ALBANY, Feb. 17.—When Senator T
| Harvey Ferris of Oneida came to Albany
‘to begin hfs first vear as a member of the
| Legisiature nobody stopped to inquire
what the new member's Christian name
might be, Senator Big Tim Sullivan
|heard, however, that Senator Ferris's
j full name was Timothy Harvey Ferris,
jand that he made it T. Harvey when he
was elected to the Senate,
| Senator Sullivan had considerable fun
iwith the new member, and to-day, after
|the joint ballot on United States Senator
was taken, Senator Ferris was presented
j with a vest across the front of which was
Hlabelled “Little Tim.” The vest was the
lyift of some of the Senators and Senate
|' lerk Patrick E. McCabe. Senator Ferris
got into the garment and wore it during the
day.

Senator Sullivan says if Senator Ferris
doesn't carry his full name around fwith
him, especially the front part of it, Big
Tim is going to insist that he be called
Mr, T. Drexel Sullivan. Mr. MeCabe
| has already agreed to be known hereafter
jas Mr, P, Edgar McCabe.

FISH MEN) DISSATISFIED.

/ Comptroller Hustled by Crowd That Says
\ Drawing for Places Is Unfair.

There are about 120 fish pedlers in the
market under the Williamsburg Bridge
jat Pitt street. Every three months they
' draw lots for position, Yesterday Comp-
troller Prendergast was on hand to super-
vise the drawing. He was met by acrowd
that protested that there was no fairness
in the drawing of lots; that polities decided
to whom the best places should fall, and
that anyhow it was bad for business to
change one's place every three months

in the midst of the confusion a small
boy with an American flag was hoisted
on high and cried

  

 

We want our father in Washington, |

Mayor Gaynor, to see that we get justice!”

Capt Handy and the reserves of the
Delancey street station managed to quiet
the crowd, ‘The drawing was postponed

Carr. MORPHY

He Had Been on the Pollee Force Since
| Is67 and Was Once an Inspector,
{ Capt. Thomas Murphy of the Bushwick
avenue police station, Brooklyn, was re-
tired yesterday on his own application
by Commissioner Cropsey. He is 66 years
id. He joined the foree December 28
Is87. He led the veterans in the last police

RETIRED.

 

parade,
Capt. Muephy was an inspector until
four years ago, when Commissioner

Bingham reduced him. He served a short
| period as captain of the new West Twen-
tieth street police station and then went
to do night duty in the bureau of infor
imation at Police Headquarters Ten
‘days ago Commissioner Cropsey deoided
ithat Murphy wasn't needed in the bureau
jand Kent him to the Bushwick avenue

station,

Deper Dussin finally secured it for 1,590 |

SENATOR FERRIS'S FRONT NAME)

BXTRA SESSION INEVITABLE

TAFT WILL CALE TU TF RECT.
PROCITY BRILL PAILS.

 

That Means a evsision of the Tariff in

Two or Three Schedules by the Demoe- |

crats of the House, to Which They May
Attach the Reciprocity Hill asa Rider,
|
| Wasninaron, Pel 17
|} sion of Congress to act on the Canadian
| reciprocity bill now seems almost inevi-
table. President Taft has told members
of the Senate flatly that he will eall Con
gress back if the reciprocity bill does not
come to a vote before March 4, and sup
| porters of the measure in that body were
| admitting to-day for the firat time that
; an extraot dinary session now seems prac
| tically certain
| The calling of a special session will
; mean a revision of the tariff initiated by
| the Democrats of the House
stood that the present plan of the House
' Democrats in the event of Congress being
j called back three
schedules of the Payne-Aldrich law, in-
cluding probably the wool schedule, and

It is unders

is to revise two or

jthen tack the reciprocity agreement to}

| thease asarider. By this move the Presi
|
dent to get

| would be obliged to accept the Democratic

his reciprocity agreement
revision

| There is good reason to believe that
| the President in the event of a special
| seanion will insist upon reeiprocity being

|
treated as a separate subject and will |

j decline to sign any bill which carries it
as a rider to Democratic tariff revision
The President has told Senators that he
}regards the Democratic party as
) mitted to the measure through the recent
caucus of their House members This
}eaucus would not of course be binding

 

come

lon the next House, but the President be. |
|lieves that its moral effect would be

} sufficient to insure favorable action by
{the Democrats of the lower branch of
the next Congress

| Many Republicans, notably the stand-
| patters, view with alarm the outlook for
a special session. They that it
will mean a job of tari tinkering which
| probably will extend far into the summer
and which will be full of political hazards

 

realize

|both for the Democrats and the Presi-
j dent
President Taft's friends, however, are

| daily coming to appreciate more clearly
{the fact that he has practically discarded
|consideration of his political future and
jis proceeding. on the simple theory that
if the people expect him and he deserves
le renomination be will get it. The Presi-
jdent’s determined stand on reeiprocity,
his insistence on the raising of rates on
second class mail matter regardless of the
protests of his political advisers and sev-
eral other recent occurrences indicate
that he has no idea of playing polices
| The President has not given up hope
| of Seeuring action from the Senate on the
reciprocity agreement at this session, and
he will continue his efforts until March 4
| Friends of the measure expect now to see
lit killed by manipulation of the appropria-
| tion and other bills before the Senate in
}such a way that there will be no time to
}take it up. Evidences are already at
|hand of a plan on the part of the oppo-
|
|
|
|

 

nents of the measure to drag out debate
on other bills. With sentiment in
Senate so strongly in favor of the reci-
procity agreement, those who are opposed
to it apparently will not have the courage
to conduct a filibuster in the open but will
| resort to subterranean methods
A meeting of the Finance Committee
has been called for to-morrow and the
bill will then be taken up for considera-
}tion. Senator Hale of Maine. who is
| opposed to the measure, has been ill for
| several days and will not be able to attend
| the meeting. He has informed the com-
|

the

mittee, however, not to delay the con-
sideration of the measure on his account
| The bill will be taken up at another meet-
ing of the committee Monday and prob-
ably will be reported about the middle of
the week.
This will leave only seven or eight
legislative days in which to eonsider the
| measure, and with several other impor-
| tant bills pressing for attention it will be
}a matter of comparative ease to sidetrack
jit. The probability now is that the Me-
{Call bill embodying the terms of the
agreement will be laid before the Senate
| without any report from the Finance
Committee
Representative William 8S. Bennet of
New York was quickly and effectively
squelched this morning. Mr. Bennet is
the Representative who haa resorted to
jingotsm in an effort to defeat the Cana-
dian agreement. When he introduced
his resolution in the House yesterday
calling on the President to take steps
toward the annexation of Canada he
probably never expected that the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, to which it was
referred, would act upon it. To his sur-
prise, however, the committee met this
morning and promptly reported out the
| Bennet resolution, but adversely. Bennet
| himself waa the only member of the com-
mittee who voted for the resolution
The other eleven members, Democrats as
well as Republicans, voted solidly against

it
The committee recorded ita feelings
! further by merely announcing that the
| resolution was reported adversely. They
| did not even dignify it by a report) No
time was wasted in discussing this resolu-
tion or the other one which the New
York Representative introduced, calling
on the President to inform the Congress
if he had as yet taken any steps with a
view to annexing Canada. The purpose
of the committee, of course, was to dea-
monstrate that the resolutions were not
taken seriously by the House of Repre-
sentatives and should not be taken seri-
ously elsewhere

The meeting of the committee to con-
sider resolutions’only twenty-four hours
old is in itself extremely unusual. The
} action of the committee was taken partly
| at the sugyestion of President Taft, who
lapparently thought this was the most

| effective way of disposing of Mr. Ben-
{net's jingoism,
Considerable criticiam of the Bennet |

j underhand methods of fighting the agree- |

ment was heard, even among opponente
of the measure

 

SPEND WA NGTON'S HIRTHDAY AT
VIRGINIA HOT SPRINGS
Through Pullman Dall 504 P. M., Penna,
RK. R, "Hanker’s Spectal,” returning Sunday,
Feb'y 26, arrives N. ¥, 8 A, M., Monday.—<Ade,

 

      

A special ses- |

"CHARLES 6.

 

GATES POISONED. NCTOR'S SON SHANGHAIED

Hurrying East on Spectal Train for Medi.

 

} cal Assistance. | .

| ‘En Paso, Tex., Feb. 17.--Charles G | DRUGGED AND PLACED ON
| Gates, son of John Wo Gates, passed | GERMAN BARK, HE SAYS.

| through El Paso this morning on a special | ———-

j train which was rushing him to New York) Adventure Began Last May In Seattle
for medical treat ment for blood poisoning. |

The Gates party, ineluc ry Charle
line ve bene iding Charles Dead Captain Took Vity on Genuine
| Gates and seven friends, were coming n: Voll
to Port Arthur, Tex., from California in ! Landubber and Treated Him Well,
;4 special car attached to the Sunaet

Sowles a hoy of 18, whose

’ ; Charles P
Limited. When the limited arrived in

Yuma Mr. Gates was too ill to continue | fther fs a physician of Joyce, Ta., and
the journey and his car was cut of | was until
A physician diagnosed his illness as! military school at Fulton, Il, was at the
| blood poisoning and he decided to go to|('nited States Shipping
New York as quickly as possible The | office yesterday to see what he could do
private car was made into a special train |
jand chartered through to New York, |
The Southern Pacific brought it to El j him at
!
{
|

who recently a student in a

Commissioner's
waster who shanghaied
May put him
masted German bark

on

to a shipping rm
Seattle

the

last and

Paso, where it was turned over to the | abvard four
Rock Island A record run was then be- | Blisa Libn,
Be TOT et CaaS Ye Ct On the ‘Thursday from Cristobal by the
first division of the Rock Island system
the train made a hundred miles an hour |

The especial stopped in El Paso onty | his way as assistant mess boy
Jong enough to allow a new engine to be | as if he had had a hard time
attached ‘The next was at Carri- | He is penniless, hes only a bundle of
zozo, the end of the first division, where |
engines were changed again
was at
another

Young Sowles arrived

igo Panama
working

He looks

| Railroad steamship Vanema,

 

stop

underclothing and is without an over

Last night he
Panama. He telegraphed to

The next |
Tucumeari to-night, where
change of was made,
The special will reach Chicago Sunday | fT
morning about 4 or 5 o'clock {to get it this morning
The naturezof t ident that caused
Mr. Gates's illness is net known, but it
Was considered trivial at first

aboard the

his father

coat, slept

stop

engines

earfare
He says his farm
he ac

ie, | believe that he is dead
, : . | The boy left Fulton because of ill health
TO PROBE SUPREME Counr | i eee
- ito go to relatives in San He
i) decided that he would take in the north-

Diego, Cal
California Legistature Takes Up Charges
Made in the Roef Case.
San Francisco, Feb. 17--As a
| of an attack made on the State Supreme
Court by Attorney-General Webb, * in
iwhich he denounced the granting of a
rehearing to Abe Ruef, who was con him
vieted in the graft) prosecution of two! asked him and his Canndian acquaintance
yeurs ago, California is to witness }totakea drink of beer.
the remarkable spectacle of the Legis. | They went

jern part of the Pacific coast before going
result to San Diego, and in May he reached Seat-
the

with a young Canadian about bis own age

tle. While strolling on waterfront

a genial stranger came up to and

|lature investigating the highest court | Sowles says he drank only a few glasses
in the State jwith the stranger and the young Cana-

This inquiry, which was authorized /dian. The saloon and the face of the
|} to-day, was asked for by the Justices | stranger were suddenivy blotted out of

fof the Supreme Court | huis vision and when he woke up he found
| The investigation will be made by a | himself out in the bay aboard the German
| joint committee of seven members, four! bark Elisa Liln, Capt. Pundt. He could
| Assemblymen and three Senators, and | speak no German and the skipper's know l-
they are authorized to eall for papers, | edge of English was vague. He waa told
i} summon witnesses and administer oaths. |that he had signed articles with several
| They are directed to inquire into all | other and men and had to work.
matters referred to in the letter of the | He found that the young Canadian was a
Justices relative to the conduct of the|shipmate. After discussing the matter
Supreme Court and the transaction of its| with the Canadian he decided he would
business do the best
| Ruef was convicted of bribing San | of an ordinary seaman.
| Francisco's Supervisors and was sen-/the case to the skipper,
| tenced to serve fourteen years in prison.
His conviction was affirmed by the) had signed articles and wonld be ex-
Appellate Court, but the Sepreme Court, pected to do his duty by the Kaiser's
jou the last day allowed by law for filing | merchant marine. He saya the skipper
;a decision granted Ruef a rehearing on
technical pointe

SUBWAY LOCALS.

P. S..Commisston Orders Automatte Stop
Devices such as ENtst for Expresses.

The Publie Serv

hoys

 

He explained

who said he

make him do more than might be ex-
pected of a landiubber.
had hever been aboard a ship of any kind
before and did not know the starboard
from the port; But had dtm impression
lof the difference between the stem and
the stern,

“Thev me work,”
yesterday, “but they

SAFEGUARD

  

 

 

»e Commission adopted
vesterday an order direeting the Inter the boy said
borough company to equip its local tracks not unkind
in the subway with the devices with which | ] was not a great help and told the captain
the express tracks are already equipped | that I wonld not be, but he said all he
for automatic stopping of trains | Wanted me to do was to obey orders or
The order directs that the equipment he| try to obey them. That is what 1 did.
put into operation before July 1 The; Lexplained to him that Lhad been brought

)commission took this action on a report | aboatd the ship against my will and he

{made by Chairman Willeox. During the | said he was sorry, but that all that he

last few weeks Mr. Willcox has held many | had done was to ask a

| hearings on the question which has been | or a boarding house keeper to get him

raised as to whether the block signal and vcertain number of men to work ship,
automatic stop devices should be extended He said he would give me a discharge at

to the local tracks Antofagasta, Chile, and pay me off I

The block signals and automatic stops | guess he decided that it was not worth
are separate arrangements, and either | While keeping a greenhorn He was true
one or both may be applied Owing to|to his word and about five weeks ago,
the short distances between stops it the |
local tracks Mr. Willcox became |
ivineed that full equipment with block |
signals and automatic stops would seri- |

j ously interfere with the operation of the |

local tracks. He decided, however, that

the introduction of automatic stops at

made

were

   

the

 

 

me about $25 and I made an efYort to reach
the States.”

The boy had to live on his way up to
the Pacific side of the Isthmus of Panama
and he spent all of his wages before he
{reached the city of Panama. He walked
|ninety-eight points where danger. sig- | part of the way and sailed part, paying
nals are now. operated would increase | bis passage by working aboard ship
{the margin of safety without interfering | He told his tale to the United States Con-

|

con

lwith the h: adway of lo al trains

the Isthmus to Cristobal. There
boarded the steamship Panama

he

TOM WATSON FEARS ASSASSINS,

and He Thinks Family Hetleve Hine |

hack to Jovee and expects |

ily have not heard from him since he dis- |

appeared in Seattle and he supposes they!

into a saloon and young |

he could to fulfil the duties]

was sorry, but that he, Charles B. Sowles, |

was good natured and not inclined to|

Charles said helto some of the fire houses.

shipping master |

when we arrived at Antofagasta, he paid |

sulat Panama and got free passage across |

TWO PAINTINGS,

'
j That's Mr. Willlams's Pistimate of the
Vatue of the Canvases He Urings,

S110,000,.

\ he

Romer Williams, who says }
jrepresenta Agnew of London,
| yesterday by the Cunardet
with two poriraits, one a Velasquez, which

he declared to the ship's purser just be-

Charles
arrived

Manretania |

"BRICK IN AT GOULD WINDOW

LANDS ON LIBRARY FLOOR,
JUST MISSES A WOWAN,

 

 

| Mrs. Scholes Has a Narrow Escape--Brick
Did Little Damage Except to Window

May Have Been Thrown by Man

That Miss Gould Had Refused to See.

fore the liner reached her dock Were
valued at $440,000. ‘The purser remarked
}that there was a rule of the company |
which taxed paintings in proportion tu

their value and that he regretted it, but

that the two old masters would have to
pay $2,000 instead of the small freight
charges of ordinary cargo | Mr, Williams

paid the purser the $2,000

The portraits were taken to the public
not for appraisement,
satisfy the Government that they were
really old masters, which come in free,
and not mere copies executed within the
last twenty years Ancient art

are not dutiable
CP ENECUTIONS.
| What Hastt Thinks of Official Report of
| Attack on the Palace,
special Cable Despatch to Tuer Sen
| Porr au Prince, Hayti, Feb. 17. Gen

Claude, Minister of the Interior, issued
fa proclamation to-day in which it was
set forth that an attack had been made
Fupon the Presidential palace and the
Governor's residence

It was said that during the attack some
shots were fired and that five political
among Whom were Sambour,
formerly prefect of police,
jand Larencul, formerly publie prosecutor
jof the military court, were killed,

Many of the residents are openly of the
‘opinion that the proclamation was issued
to cover up executions of political prise
oners and that the attacks upon the build-
ines did net occur
| — —-— =
VRS. SAGE'’S GIVT TO FIREMEN.
She Provides Department With Pibrary

of Technical Works.

| A gift of $10,000 from Mrs. Russell Sage
to the Fireman's College was announced
| Vesterday The money will be used to
technical books for the firemen,
|‘ ommissioner Waldo says that the
addition to the library made possible
by Mrs. Sage’s gift will be of great assist-
ance to firemen who are preparing to
examinations for promotion to a
thigher grade At present the men have
difticulty in getting access to books
from which to obtain a theoretical knowl-
edge of subjects pertaining to their work
and have Kaa to get their information
from actual experience.

' The books will be accessible to members
of the department up to battalion chiefs,
who have a salary of $3,300 a year and
are in a position to buy books when they
need them
| Commissioner

stores,

objects

COVER

 

prisoners,

iwho was
]

 

  

buv

| take

 

 

Waldo made arrange-
ments with the Public Library some time
ago to have magazines and novels sent
The Rev.
Fdward Knapp, one of the department's
| chaplains, Wananeigned. to.the. work of
supervising the libraries. The chaplain
discussed the matter with Mrs. Sage and
she offered to supply technical books for
the firemen

 

(CURTISS FLIES FROM WATER.

| Alights Alongside of Warship and Hises
Again Without bDitticulty.
SAN Dreao, Cal, Feb. 17..-Glenn Curtiss
to-day gave to the Navy Department an-
|} other demonstration of the possibilities of
the aeroplane in naval conflict.

| -He flew from his shed on the shore of
| the bay out to the cruiser Pennsylvania
jand alighted on the water alongside the
ship. His machine was hoisted to the
deck of the ship, was put overboard again

fand Curtiss rose gracefully from the
{water and flew to his shed.
| The purpose of the test was to demon-

}strate’ that an aeropline equipped with
| hydroplanes does not need a special plat-
forin to alight on a warship,

Curtiss made the descent to the water
and started again without difficulty or
| delay.

SMALL

BOYW'S PERILOUS RIDE.

 

Carried Far on Car Fender After Being
Run Down,

| While playing in the street at Third

avenue and 100th street yesterday Joseph

but to!

| Somebody standing on the pavement
outside Miss Helen Gould's house at 570
hifth avenue cast half a brick through

the window of Miss Gould's library just

) before dinner time last night. Miss Gould's
companion, Mrs. Edward Scholes, wait-

for dinner to announced, was
, Spending the time reading in the centre
;of the room and almost in line with the
{ window. The brick did not hit her, but
| it came near enough to give her something
lof a scare. Glass from the window lit-
jtered the floor, but the damage didn't
/amount to much except for the value of

the window, :

Miss Gould, who was up stairs with @

) niece and nephew, children under 10 years
| old, came running down stairs to see what
hat happened The crash was loud

enough to be heard through the house,

tand the butler also came. Tha two, join-

ling Mrs. Scholes, opened the front door,

| which looks upon Fifth avenue at Forty-
but they couldn't see
that the people going up town were hurry-
ing any faster than usual or that any one
of them looked as though he were a win-
dow breaker.
Word was sent to the Fast Fifty-first
street police station and policemen came
by the dozen. Capt. O'Connor got a man
there within three minutes, and others
came pellmell in’ taxicabs and on foot,
some of them from the detective bureau
downtown, Ina few minutes there were
twenty of them busy searching for some-
body who looked like a brick thrower.
They didn't find him.
Miss Gould remembered that her butler
had come to her just at dusk to tell her
that «a man was downstairs who had an
engagement with her, She asked what
he looked like, and the butler said he
looked poor but had a pleasant way of
speaking. He was dressed in a well worn
dark suit which was covered up with a
new overcoat and in his hand he carried
a slouch hat. The butler said that the
man had announced to him as he opened
the door in response to the bell that he
had come to see Miss Gould.
“And what is it you want to see her
about?" he asked.}
“I have an engagement with Miss
Gould,” the man repeated, “and if you
tell her that I am here, she will see me.”
He didn't give his name.
Miss Gould told the butler, however,
that she had no engagement and didn't
want toseethecaller, She put him dowp
in the class of those who want a loan, and
she believes that it isn’t proper to give
j;money without knowing the kind of

person one gives it to. So the butler went
| downstairs and told the caller that Miss
| Gould couldn't see him.

When the man learned that Miss Gould
wasn't coming down he called the butler
names and went away.

There have been many complaints of
late in that part of Fifth avenue about
| beggars of the Park row sort, stranded

sailors, one legged men who can't get
work, and men with bandaged eyes.
| The police, believing that most of them
are fakers, have tried to drive them away,
but the supply has seemed so great that
| Capt. O'Connor has sent out special men
{to look forthem,. + The police believe that
| Miss Gould's visitor was one of the begging
| fraternity. ; :

ing he
1

seventh street,

KATSER WEARS GLASSES,

First Public Appearance tn Them to Tell
Expertences in Farming.
Special Cable Despatches to THE Sun,

Bertin, Feb. 17.— The Waiser cesumed
his usual activities to-day after eight
days in the sick room in a characteristio
manner by making a speech before the
Prussian Agricultural Council. He looked
well, although his face was pale. He
; Spoke apparently without any difheulty,

—--—-- The Shipping Commissioner said he | Laver, 4 years old, of 202 Fast 103d street, The Kaiser read much of his speech,
Posse Searching for Persons Said to Have | would assist in the prosecution cf the! was knocked down by a trolley car, )U4ing & pince nez, This was the first
| Heen Lurking About Hs House. shipping master who had shanghaied | His small body was caught up by the {tine the public ever saw him wearing
THOMSON, Ga., Feb. 17.—For twenty-| the boy as soon as he could get a hint | fender and wedged under the front part | #lasses. His address dealt mainly with
l four hours twenty armed men have been |as to the offender's identity. The boy | of the car, which went on its way j his own experiences in reclaiming profit-
lon guard about the home of Thomas | *8y8 he does not remember the name Half a mite further up Third avenue
{

of the shipping master, but that he ean
find the name of the boarding house
keeper who fitted out the shanghaied
party and learn from him the identity
of the shipping master. The boy says
he will travel hereafter solely by rat]

Watson to protect the author and poli-
tician from persons who, he thinks, are
} trying to kill him,

In the meantime men have been scour-
ing the surrounding country for these
persons

Four men have been detained for
} further investigation by the authorities
on the statement by Watson that three
;or four men have been lurking about his

| home.
| Mr. Watson has offered a reward of
| $500 for the apprehension of the guilty ;
| persons. He tells the authorities that | f° the Rev. Father Jannuzzi, pastor of
lhis life is in danger either on account | 540 Joachim's Roman Catholit Church,
Jof his political writings or because of |i? & sult by Abelardo Cassi, a restaurant
ihis attacks on the Roman Catholics. keeper, to recover $20,000. Cassi claimed

For three nights strange men have] 2e had a contract to sell seven old paint-
been seen near his home by members of | '"8% he had brought from Italy to Father

‘his family. Mr. Watson called for pro. | Jannuzzi, who, Cassi understood, was
| tection and the Sheriff, the town Marshal | @¢Uns for Mra Jack Gardner of Boston

and many men of Thomson last night | When the priest saw the paintings he
made a thorough search of the grounds | said they were not genuineand refused to

lat Mr. Watson's home and of the woods | take them, Cassi declared that there
(was no mention of the genuineness. of

jand awatnps. | ' ‘
While in a swamp Watson sprained | the paintings ih bis arrangement Wilh the

his ankle and lost his hat and gun by
| falling into a ditch.

| jamie anaes cabana

|SIGNS OF BIG) FARTHQUANE,
| ee aa |
| New Orleans Selsmograph Records Long
| Continued Tremors.

NEW ORLEANS, Feb, 17.-- Recurrent and; were thrown on their authenticity. He
long continued earth tremors, such as Said he never had any dealings with Mrs
lalways precede serious earthquakes, have. Canine: oF ony ea inten od purchaser,
| eae ‘ | LBB) BiL1C af he Drought the pietures
hee > , > ; ; }
| been recorded hy the we ismograph at} from ‘Turin and that they had been in
Loyola College, beginning last night and ;

va his family for centuries.” He admitted
heontinuing through the early part of to-| that he paid only 50 cents duty on each

 

 

PRIEST SUED FOR PICTURES,

| Verdiet in His Favor on Paintings From
Turin,

A jury before Supreme Court Justice

Erlanger brought in a verdict yesterday

 

| to get $60,000 for them from Mrs. Gardner,
When her etperts rejected them the
priest had no use for them, Cassi said
Father Jannuzsi testified that he merely
wanted the paintings as mural
itions for his chureh, but

decora-
ceuldn't take

 

night ;eanves when they came in, but later a
The greatest amplitude recorded was) Urtom House appraiser came around
Dara aviiltinais 1) \ and collected $2.¢80 more. None of the
omillimeters re calenlations have pPaIntinges Is signed, but Chssi claimed

»not been fully worked out as yet, but the
indieations are that the
about 8,000 miles from here on the same
parallel of latitude, but whether east or

that two were of the Titian
disturbance ja | Corregmio and two by Kent Joseph Coz.
vena, Who was one of the judges
; paintings at the Chicago world's fair,

sehool, ome

 

sid that while the paintings were all
) west will not be known until the ealeu-) orlginals and very fa 3 canvases, he,
lations are made, didn't think they were by the artists |

The first shock cama Thursday after- | named
noon from 2:10 to 2:36, Subsequent shocks
; were noted Thursday night, 8:24 to 9;
Friday morning, 5:30 to 10, and Friday
night, 8 to 8:45,

ALL “EAST COAST" POINTS REACH
RIDA SPHOIA
rea P.M. New ‘nna

Trains Dally, 1216 Bway,

   

BY 'N. ¥. a bt
Atlantic
Station,
—<ade,

  

Coast tne
& other Lid

 

priest, but that Father Jannuzzi expected |

them for that purpose when grave doubts |

motorman, to look at the fender He
did so and discovered the boy. *

The boy was taken to the Harlem Hos-
pital, where the doctors found that one
of his arms was broken and that he was
badly bruised and cut about the body.

 

|
F one called to Joseph MeMann, the

MEDAL FOR CHAUFFEUR,

 

Maher, Dock Department Driver, Re-
warded for Rescue,

Francis J. Maher, chauffeur for Deputy
Commissioner B. F, Cresson of the Dock
Department, was called into Commis-
} sioner Tomkins’s office yesterday and pres

sented with a Congressional medal as a
reward for rescuing Andrew Mackey trom
the Fast River at the foot of Twenty-
i fourth street on August 1, 1910
Mackey rolled off the stringpiece and
Maher went in after him. He had a hard
i fight before he succeeded in getting his
man back to the pier. Maher lost his
month's pay, which was washed from his
pocket, He has several other
to his credit. He lives at
second street, Bay Ridge

rescues
Seventy-

522

$420,000 TO CHARITY,

of Baron Bothsentld's Great
ortune Goes to Bamily,

spe Cable Despatch to VNR Sun

VIENNA, Feb. 17. Out of a fortune of
$150,000,000 the late Baron Albert: Roths-
child left $420,000 to charity

The balance is bequeathed to his family.

Hest

 

The

  

 

Altgor's Weapon Not Concealed,
Lona Brancu, N, J, Feb, 17.—Having
failed to get a permit from Mayor ©, V,
Shropshire of Seabright to carry are.
volver, dames M, Altgor is to-night walk-

ing up and down the Ranfwon road with
a weapon stuck in his belt. He told!
Mayor Shropshire that his life had heen

threatened by whitecaps and Black Hands
if he failed to remove the Rumson road
pspite fence over which there has been
considerable controversy, several arrests,
one or more indictments and a lot of bitter
‘feeling. Mayor Shropshire told = Mr,
| Altgor that he did not think he was a
proper person to he allowed to carry a
concealed weapon, whereupon Altgor
began carrying the weapon in sight,

near the Baltic. On this text he baaed
his advocacy of the general reclamation
of waste lands in Germany, converting
them into pastures, which would enable
an increase in the number of cattle and
solve the dear meat problem, making
the country independent of foreign sup-

| > ,

jably 500 acres of marsh land at Kadiner,
!

|

plies

Tho Kaiser detailed his successes at
Kadiner in crossbreeding North Amer-
ican and South American cattle with

German cattle, producing an excellent
German-American breed

Lonpon, Feb. 17.—The Kaiser and
| Kaiserin will attend the unveiling of the
fmemorial to the late Queen Victoria in
London on May 16,

ROB OIL ©O0,~.

 

| MESSENGER,

Thieves Knock Him Down and Get Away
With ®350.

| Sixteen-year-old Milton Beekman of
654 Monroe street, Brooklyn, a messenger
{tor the Texas Company, oil dealers at 17
| Kattery place, was held up by three men
in front of 611 West Forty-eighth street
yesterday afternoon and robbed of $350
of the oil company's money.

Beekman had been making collections
jin the vicinity and was on his way back
| to the office when he passed through West
| Forty-eighth street, The three men set
{upon him, knocked him down and went
| through his pockets. They escaped,
|. Beekman reported the robbery at the
| West Forty-seventh street police station,

where his hurts were attended to by an
ambulance surgeon,

 

 

 

 

ARMY TO BREED HORSES,
Department Accepts August Belmont's

Ofer of Three Stallions,
Wasnincron, Feb. 17. The War Dy
partment will accept the three stallions

‘for breeding purposes which were
offered by August Belmont of New
York Three other blooded horses will

also be presented to the Department by
ky oD. Cassatt, a former Captain tn the
army. At present the army fa not en-
gaged in breeding its mounts but only
trains them. They are purchased in the
open market, The army appropriation
/bill, however, now pending in Congress
| provides for the estaluishment of a tation
fin Virwinia where the Department wil
‘ breed its own army horses,