‘VOL. 1

XXVIIL—XO. 264.

     

 

EXI00 PEACE PACT SIGNED

AT MIDNIGHT BY AUTO LAMP
LIGHT IN JUAREZ.

|

 

 

 

|

 

   

D

————

Y
o
.

 

THE HOME

 

Man Who Tries to Save Her Loses His
Life When He Jumps Into the Hudson.
Newsenaon, May 21.--The steamer

Homer Ramsdell of the Central Hudaon

*+NEW YO

RK, MONDAY.

 

LOST HIS’ MAGISTRACY
HEALTH WAS

AND
FAILING.

Pe RAMSDELL BURNED| RX. JUDGE TIGHE A SUICIDE)

Se
PU

Ke

 
  

SIX NEGROES LYNCHED.
Sheriff's Son Gives Up Prisoners on Pre-
sentation of a Fake Telegram.

Lake City, Fla., May 21.--Six negroes
suspected of complicity in the murder of

 

 

 

 

 

    

 
 

! ART SENSATION RUMORED.
Great Weber Collection at Hamburg May
Be Dispersed at Auction.

Spectal Cable Despatch to THE SUN,

Hampa''na, May 21.—It ia reported with-
out confirmation that the famous Weber |

pial ——
'BAN ON JEWS STIRS DR. WISE
int HE wont SPEAK AT THE

MONONK PEACE CONFERENCE.

 

 

MonxpaY, Mar 22, 1011,
Probably fair to-day and to-morrow; not much
change in temperature; light
variable winds.

}

 

 

 

PRICE TWO CENTS.

      

AIR PLANE CRUSHES
PREMIER OF FRANCE

Steamboat Company Line, plying between
Peciares War Ended All Over Repubtie | this city and New York, was burned to the
Recause of Compliance by Dtaz| Water's edge this evening, entailing a loss
With Insurgents’ Demands— Madero ps By aru aie ei ion 7 hae gi
roat a e time the fire started, but
Issues Pacific Address to Soldiers | trae escaped, the fourth being drowned.
FL Paso, May 21—A definite peace The cause of the fire is not known,
agreement was signed to-night in the in- wit tae be Ramadell came to Newburgh
: oad of freight and passengers
surrecto capitol in Juarez between Fed- | jast night and was taken to the reserve
era! and insurrecto peace commissioners | dock, where ashe remained until after the

 

‘

!a prominent citizen were taken from the
jail here early this morning, carried to

i hg Mh ME ct kg all chy de the suburbs of the city, tied to trees and

May 16.-He Turns on the Gas on Bune | riddled with bullets.

day Morning in His Home in Brookiyn! = ‘The negroes were taken out of the jail

- Mis Physician Finds Him ®ead.| by ten men who posed as officers and
presented to the seventeen-year-old son

G. Tighe of

Ex-Magistrate dames of the Sheriff a fake telegram which or-
Brooklyn was found dead in hie bedroom | dered him to release the negroes. The

on the second floor of his home, at 188} boy had been left in charge of the jail by
Borgen streot, yesterday morning. He| his father, and thinking the telegram was

 

 

 

Hotel There, He Says, Discriminates
Against His Race tn Ita Busy Months
and He Doesn't Think That fs Ald-
ing Peace—Biames Jews Who Submit.

Rabbi Wise, speaking to the Free Syna-
gogue at Carnegie Hall last night, made
plain his opinion of hotels which bar Jews

| Rembrandt's “Presentation in the Temple”

art collection is noon to be placed on the
market. If this be true it will be one of |
the greatest art sensations of the cen-,
tury, and it will mean a ferious loss to
Hamburg, where it is one of the great
attractiona.

The collection includes 300 old maeters.
Among the more prominent ones are

 

Minister of War Berteaux
Killed by the Side of
M. Monis.

 

and “The Adultress Before Christ.”

The agreement is very brief and merely
recites that inasmuch as President Diaz
‘hae resigned and the insurrecto demands
have been satisfied, a cessation of hostili-
ties on both sides is declared for the whole
fepul li gai

I agreement is signed by Judge
Francisco Carbajal for the Federals and
by Dr. Vasquez Gomez, Franciaco Madero,
Sr, and Pino Suarez for the insurrectos.
The document was signed shortly before
midnight to-night. :
he peace pact was signed on the front
steps of the insurrecto capital by the light
of the acetylene lamps of the automobiles |
that carried the peace commiasioners |
uares from El Paso, The peace com- |
ers embraced at the conclusion

 

”
4

 
  

 

of the signing,

The text of the peace pact follows:

“In the City of Juarez, come together
representatives of the Government of
Gen. Portirio Diaz and of the revolution
to treat for the cessation of hostilities, in
the entire republic, considering that:

“First—In view of the fact that Gen.
Diaz hos manifested his reaolution to
resign the Presidency of the republic
by the end of this month, and

“Second That the nation has bona
Sde notice that Sefior Ramon Corral,

likewise will resign from the Vice-Presi-
dency at the same time

“Third That by application of the law
Seftor Francisco L. de la Barra, at present
Secretary of Foreign Relations of the
Government of Gen, Diaz, shall take
charge ad interim of the Executive power
of the nation and shall call general eléc-
tions in the time limit given by the Con-
stitution

“Fourth -That the new Government
shall study the conditions of public opinion
at the present time to satisfy the people
of every State according to constitutional
requirements; shall accord indemniza-
tion to all damage done directly by the
revolution;

“The two parties represented in the
conference for the above named con-
siderations have formulated this docu-
ment

“It is agreed, first, that from to-day,
in the whole territory of the Republic,
shall cease all hostilities that have ex-
isted between the Federals cf Gen. Diaz
and the forces of the revolutionary Gov-
ernment, but shall be permitted to take
such Measures aa are necessary in every
State to reestablish and guarantee tran-
quility and public order.

“They shall proceed at once on the
construction and repair of the telegraph,
milroad lines which to-day are inter-
mpted.

“The forces of the revolution shall be
dismissed proportionately as the need
for their services in the restoration of
order in the several States shall disap-
pear.”

Setting forth the concessions granted
the insurrecto army by the Federa's
in their plan of settlement recently
agreed to, Franciso I. Madero, pro-
visional President of Mexico, issued
another statement to-night. This state-
ment is merely for the benefit of the
public, which, up to now, has had only the
newspaper accounts of the negotiations
for its satisfaction,

Madero shows the army that the cause
has won ali that it started fighting for;
that Diaz has agreed to resign, that Corral
has agreed to resign, and that Mexico is
to have a fair election for the first time
since Diaz got into power.

Ile also calls attention to the fact that
all insurrecto debts are ta be paid, even
the [1 © U's givan by the insurrectos
when they seized stocks of goods. They
never gave these to their old oppressor,
Don Luis Terrazas. All concessions are
euomed up for the benefit of the insur-
rectos, whom the provisional President
wishes to pacify thoroughly.

He tells them that*he has such assur-
ances that the agreement witl be carried

ui that there is little room to discredit’
the faithfulness of the Federals, but be-
sides, he save, he is going to Mexico city
on invitation of the Federals to see that
the things agreed upon are carried out.

M told a good deal of this to the
eetos yesterday afternoon when he

vered a farewell to the officers and

n front of the Juarez monument, on
* side of which atands the burned city
hall ond on the other the burned library,
‘n destroyed during the assault on the
vn But to-day It was put on paper.
The insurreetos had largely left when it
came out, but it will be sent to them at
Casas Grandes, where they are gathering
incanp to await developments.

They are told by their leader that if
ai) goes well they will soon be sent to
ther homes to return to the pursuits of
peace, but if things do not go wel! Chihua-
hula is next to be taken and then the “On
to Mexico city" ery can he taken up.
He does not betieve this will be necessary,

weve

Se es

adero

de

nr

t

a r

* hundred troops were sent south

Junrez to-day to Casas Grandes.
» were carried in box cars and ap-
‘ved happy. The rebel troops re-
behind to garrison the town
at the station and cheered them
way. One carload of departing
» former Federal soldiera who
w become faithful insurrect os.
ederals who did not embrace the
!> cause are now handling pick

! on the National line of rail-

 

  

g

}

|

shina
a8 Communication is restored
» line the firat time since Jan-
VM. dero believes he will be ready |

He thinks Diaz will have |
edby that time and that De la Barra |
inpower — If the line is completed
tv viate the necessity of Madero

tne through the United) States
t eved, however, that an effort
thode to arrest him ul he finds i
zo to Mexieo city before

Continued on Third Page.

| resignation.

Benjamin B. Odell and the Newburgh left
here at 6 and 7 o'clock respectively. The
Ramsdell was then taken to the store-
houee pier preparatory to loading freight
on Monday. At 8 o'clock an inspection
of the boat waa made and everything was
found in good shape. The men who were
on the boat were in the act of retiring
and only the dock watchman was there-
after near her.

At about 9:45 John Hammond, the
watchman, had his attention attracted
toward the river and he noticed that
flames were rolling up at the rear of the
craft.

He gave the alarm to arouse the men
and at the same time brought the steam-
er'6 apparatus and the apparatue of the
fire department to the spot. Three of
the men hurried ashore and were saved,
but the fourth, a deckhand known as
Aggie, whose name was Morris Wald,
remained to set the boat's pumps going,
as he thought it possible to extinguith
the flames |

The flames had spread from stern to!
bow and in two minutes the entire boat

possible to do more, and when he turned
to go ashore the boat had been loosened |
from her mooringa to get her from the
pier. Wald could not swim, and when
he leaped overboard he gave a call for
help.

This was responded to, and it looked |
for a time as though he would be saved,
but he went down before relief could
reach him.

The boat burned flercely and ignited
the storehouse and the adjoining pier,
which was recently built for the Odell
Both the pier and storehouse were saved,
but within an hour the boat was burned
to the water's edge. She had been towed
out in the stream and thereby saved
the Jacob H. Tremper and James T.
Brett, which were docked near by.

 

 

|

'

JOUN MALEENAN SHOT. |

Son of Wealthy Pawnbroker Found in |
ifs Room, Pistol by His Stile.

John McAleenan, the son of Henry |
MoAleenan, a wealthy pawnbroker, was |
found unconscious in his bed room on |
the third floor of his father's house at 18 |
East Ninety-fourth street early this |
morning. Beside him was a revolver. |
A bullet had pierced McAleenan's left !
temple and the doctor aaid that his chances |
for recovery were very slight. j

McAleenan lived with his wife and two |
children and his father and
Members of the family said that at about |
1 o'clock this morning they were awak-
ened by a shot. They rushed to John
McAleenan's room and discovered him ;
lying on the floor.

The police were notified that a man had |
been shot and they called an ambulance |
from the Presbyterian Hospital. When |
it arrived, Dr. John Bodine of 131 West |
Seventy-tecond street was,in attendance |
and the ambulance surgeon was told that
hie eervices weren't required. Dr. Bodine |
had a good way to go and the police wers |
puzzled to know how he arrived so rap- |
idly

Two detectives from the East EFighty- |
eighth street atation house were sent to
the house. They were informed by the
family that McAleenan was accidentally :
shot while he was cleaning a revolver. |

mother. } eight vears

was holding the end of a gas tube in his
hands and the room, with doors and win-
dows closed, waa filled with gas.

Mary Tighe, his youngest daughter
and the only one of his children remain-
ing at home, emelled gas in the hall and
traced it to her father's room. The door
was locked. The young woman ran next
door and got Dr. Thomas C. Leitch, her
father's physician. Dr. Leitch found the
lawyer's body lying on the floor with a
bathrobe over the nightgown. The bath-
robe had been pulled high about tho face

and head and both hands were clenched | of humanity had been shot away.

 

straight he allowed the ten men to take
the six negroes whose names were men-
tioned.

The ten men had autos in which they
put the negroes and then speeded to the
outskirts of the city, where other mem-
bers of the mob were waiting.

The negroes were bound to trees and
at a given signal the members of the mob,
some thirty in all, opened with rifles and
pistols. Volley after volley was fired
until the negroes were literally cut to
pieces

When citizens went to the scene about
7 o'clock they found it almost impossible
to identify the negroes as all semblance
The

tight over the tube which had connected | victima of the mobs were Man Morris,

a gas jet and a table lamp
said Mr. Tighe had been dead an hour,
possibly somewhat longer. He con-
clided that Mr. Tighe had been sitting
in a chair with the gas tube in his mouth
and that the body ha toppled forward
to the floor.

Mr. Tighe was at the Sheepshead Bay

j Was a rnass of fire. Wald found it im-) Roat Club on Saturday afternoon, and}

Saturday evening he spent at home with

 

 

'

te. Leitch | Jerry Holmes, Sam Phillips, Henry Jonee,

Zeke Chandler and Tom Billups.

The negroes had been brought here
from Tallahassee to foil a mob which had
threatened to lynch them, They were
accueel of killing Robert B. Smith, a
wealthy lumberman of Leon county, and
of murdering two other white men. The
feeling against the negroes was intense
in Leon county and to avoid lynching
they were hurried here a few days ago

It is said that the men who lynched the

(his youngest daughter, his eldest son, ‘negroes came from ‘Taliahassee, over a

William, and a young woman friend of hundred miles away, and it is claimed

his daughter. Lefore going to bed rather
late he told his daughter that probably
he would not get up before 11 o’cloc’.
If he were not up by that time he asked
her to call him. Ho said he was going
to Sheepshead Bay again in the after-
noon

About 6 o'clock yesterday
Miss Tighe heard her father moving
about. When 11 o'clock came and he
did not appear she went to ¢all him and
it was then that she noted the odor of
gas.

James G. Tighe was 66 years old. He
was born in Brooklyn and had lived in
the same neighborhood practically all
his life. For the last twenty yeare or
more he had lived in the same etreet.
He was educated in the public schools
and studied law in the office of Judge
Thomas Troy

He was always active in the Brooklyn
Democratic organization. His firet po-
litical post was asa member of the As-
sembly, where he served for eight years.
He then became a Police Justice in the old
city of Brooklyn, succecding the late
Frederick Massey and holding the office
In May, 1901, Mayor Van
Wycek appointed him a City Magistrate to
succeed Magistrate Hristow, who re-
signed to go to Congresa. After filling
out the two vears remaining of Congress-
man Briatow's term Magistrate Tighe was
elected to succeed himeelf.

The law providing for the election of
Magistrates later was decided to be un-
constitutional and Mayor McClellan ap-
pointed Mr. Tighe. His ten vear term
expired on April 31 of this year. Mayor
Gaynor passed him over when his term
expired. Failure to be reappointed, his
son William said yesterday, disturbed
Mr. Tighe greatly.

In 1903 the Anti-Policy Society of Brook-
lyn sought to have the Appellate Division
remove Magistrate Tighe. The petition
alleged that eight prisoners discharged
by the Magistrate had been indicted later

morning

That was all the relatives professed to! for felonies on the same evidence. The

know about the shooting.

A priest was called from a nearby church
to adminiater the last rites of the Roman
Catholic church to the wounded man.

THOMAS M. OSBORNE RESIGNS.

 

 

 

His Letter of Resignation Sent to Gov,
Dix Health the Cause,

* ALBANY, May 21. Fulfilling the expec-

tations of several weeks that he intended
to resign public office again, Thomas
Mott Osborne has sent his formal resig-
nation as State Forest, Fish and Game
Commissioner to Gov. Dix. The Gov-
ernor spent Sunday at Thompson, and
while he knows all about it he will be sur-
prised to get Mr. Osborne's letter to-
morrow. Mr. Osborne this time resigns
his job on account of ill health. He
intends to sail for Europe on Tuesday.
Mr. Osborne's last farewell from public
life was when he resigned last year as
Public Service Commissioner, to give hia
whole time to the Democratic State
League and in the hope of getting the
Democratic nomination for Governor.
Mr. Osborne's letter resigning as Forest,
Fish and Game Commissioner was given
out to-night by Francis A. Willard, sec-
retary of the commission, and is as
follows

My DeranGovernor: Confirming my tele -
phone of Tuesday, May 9, I hereby place
in your hands my resignation as Forest,
Fish and Giame Commissioner of the State
of New York. As you know I was Very
réluctant to accept this position, and only
did so at your earnest and repented solici-
tation and on the representation that I
could be of service to vou and to the State,
especially in the matter of establishing a
department of conservation, I have not
lost faith in the plan of auch a department.
With proper legislation it could be the basis
of enormous usefulness to the State and the
nation. My ideas of the general plan and
scope of such a department are contained
in the bill and the proposed amendment
to the State Constitution now before the
Legislature.

It is. with regret that I feel compelled'to
withdraw from active participation while
this important legislation is pending, and
while the work planned is still unaccom-

On Monday, May 8, my physician gave me |

ith of here, repairing it through ; warning that he would not be responsible | n¢
j for the result if I again took up my offelal

duties in Albany at thia time, He states |
that while my present Illness ia not danger-
ous immediate rest and relief from respon-
sibility are imperative to avoid the posai- |
bility of serious complications. My own |
feelings tell me that he is right. For a con- |
siderable part of the winter I have been
sirug@iing against the grip and | seem
now to be paying the penalty for my efforta |
to remain steadily at work and thus keep}
faith with pou and the State lithe task T

undertook ta do lhLere seems ta be na

alternative, therefore, but to send you my

 

 

Appellate Division diamissed the charges,
holding that while “many if not most®
of the questioned decisions were wrong,
there was no evidence of fraud, corrup-
tion or a deliberate intent to violate the
law.

On May 15, two weeks after his term as
Magistrate expired, Mr. Tighe was ap-
pointed by Excise Commissioner Farley
as counsel to the Deputy Excise Commis-
sioner of Brooklyn at a salary of $4,000
a year. The day before this appoint-
ment reached him Mr. Tighe was at the
Democratic headquarters in Brooklyn
to see Leader McCooey. He told the
politicians in the headquarters that day
that he was all worn out and needed a
rest. They advised him if the appoint-
ment he was expecting came to take a
few days vacation before beginning his
new duties.

Mr. Tighe was always interested in
athletics, particularly in rowing and
swimming. He organized the Verona
Boat Club at Bath Beach in 1876 and was
active in the Sheepshead Bay club, He
frequently attended meetings of oars-
men; at the time the decision of the
Appellate Division keeping him on the
bench was handed down in July, 1904,
he was in St. Louis attending a regatta
of amateur oarsmen. He swam much
both in summer and in winter, and even
this last winter when hia health was not
good he appeared at Sheepshead Bay a
few times for winter swims. He gave
oars and even shells to several young
men whom he believed to have excep-
tional ability as oarsmen,

Mr. Tighe's health began to decline
five years ago and in the last year or so
he had failed rapidly. About four years
ago physicians told him that he had
cancer of the stomach. Dr. Leitch le
an X-ray examination and found ho
evidence of cancér, but the Magistrate's
stomach continued to grow weaker until
for some time he was forced practically
to measure what little food he could eat.
Recently severe attacks of acute indiges-
tion had become more frequent.

Mr. Tighe was married about thirty-

| plished, but unfortunately I have no choice, | eight years ago to Ellen Tonry. They

children, of whom six are
William, Mra, William A,
Fisher, Mrs, Dasso Schultz, Joseph,
James and Mary, Mrs. Tighe died in
December, 1901, a8 she was entering

hag thirteen

ow living,

{
|

|
|

the house at 184 Bergen street in which |

the family then lived. Mr. Tighe moved
across the street, unwilling to be far
from the house where his wifehad lived
and unwilling to stay in the house where
he had died.

5

   

GO TO VIRGINIA HOT SPRINGS
OVER DECORATIOS
Special Pullman service leave New Penn. Ste-

| five 0.08 BP, M, dally.-Ade,

|

|

Sent From Port of Spain by a Zoo Agent
Who Strives to Please.
Three hundred pounds of anaconda in

that they made the trip Saturday night
in automobiles to avoid suspicion. They
evidently knew that the Sheriff was away
and that hia seventeen-year-old son was
in charge of the jail.

The message which the leader of the
mob showed to the boy purported to he
from the Sheriff of Leon county and
ordered the delivery of the negroes to the
bearer. The boy, just aroused from: sleep,
complied at once. The men who wert to
the jail were not disguised and the boy
thinka he could identify some of them.

 

 

 

LYNCH AGED NEGRO PREACHER.

Secend Man Hanged in Georgia in a Week
for Resisting Arrest.

Swarnssoro, Ga., May 21.—The Rev.
Ben Smith, the aged leader of the negro
race in this region, was hanged to a tree
and hia body riddled with bullets by a
mob of white men early this morning be-
cause he had wounded Deputy Marshal
Canady.

Smith had had trouble with his young
wife and the latter had complained to
the authorities. Deputy Marshal Canady
went to the Smith home to arrest the
preacher. The latter resisted and shot
the officer, inflicting a serious wound.
Smith fled, but was pursued by a posee
with bloodhounds and wae captured about
daylight in a swamp near the town,

Smith was brought back to town and
hanged in sight of his home. He was
very old, white headed and toothless, but
for years his word had been law to the
hegro population. He waa noted for his

oratory.
While the mob was chasing Smith un-
known parties dynamited the negro

Odd Fellows hall, entirely destroying it.
Smith is the second negro to be lynched
in a week, the other being John Mcleod,
who killed Deputy Sheriff Woods. The
lynchings and use of dynamite have
terrorized the negroes and many are
flesing. A general exodus is threatened
which will work great damage to the
planters.

 

AN ANACONDA ARRIVES.

 

one 19 foot piece arrived at the Bronx
%00 yesterday morning in a packing case.
The 200 folks say that this is the biggeat
anaconda in captivity. The beast is 36
inches around the waist and because of
ita general unwieldiness it took eight men
yesterday to hold it up off the ground
while the cameras did their work.

There is a man down in Port of Spain,
Trinidad, by the name of R. R. Mole, who
ia a newspaper editor there and is alao
an agent for the Zoological Society. The
Bronx zo has a number of specimens
collected for it by Mr. Mole, who is de-
scribed as having a marked inclination
to gather the largest or most venomous
snakes he can find. The present contribu-
tion of Mr. Mole is not poisonous, but it is
large.

It has a mouth that is far from small,
with strong Jaws and big hooklike fangs,
in addition to a habit of circling itself
about things and then diminishing the
circle, The anaconda doesn't think any-
thing of eating a whole young pig or even
a small calf for a meal, which will nat
commend it to taxpayers.

ED

LOOKING OVER TAFT COTTAGE,

Major Butt Arranging for President's
Outing In Massachusetts,

BEVERLY, Mass., May 21.—Major A. W,
Butt, President Taft's aid, accompanied by
E. W. Smithers, chief of the White House
telegraph staff, came here to-day and
inspected Parrametta, the estate the
President and his family will occupy this
summer.

No decision has been arrived at as to
the place for the executive offices, but
it is thought that they will be in the Mason
Building, in Cabot street, the same quar-
ters occupied two years ago.

Major Butt will occupy the Woodbury
cottage, as he did last season,

Mrs. R. D. Evans, who owned the house
occupied by the President during the
last two years, has presented him with
the deak and chair he used there. It
is expected that the Taft family will arrive
about July 1.

AEROPLANE FALLS; 100 HURT,

Five Dying as Result of an Accident at
Kursk, Russia.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THR SUN
Opgssa, May 21. -An aeroplane fell in
a crowd at Kursk to-day, injuring 100
persons, of whom five are dying

 

 

and of Jews who in any way countenance ‘There are portraits by Frans Hale and
such hotels. Dr. Wise, who had been} Van Dyck and examples of Titian, Velas-
invited to address the Lake Mohonk peace | quez, Holbein, De Hooch, Teniers, Ruys-
conference to be held this week, learned | dae!, Cuyp, Gainsborough, Constable and

 

PARIS-MADRID DISASTER

  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
   

that the Lake Mohonk Mountain Houre |

“does not solicit Hebrew patronage” and
thereupon declined to attend.

Dr. Wise, whose subject was “Peace,
peace, when there is no peace,” referred
first to the proposal to start a Jewish |
university club. Of thia suggestion he
said:

Such as ery peace, peace when there is
no peace, are greatly alarmed because the
plan has been mooted to organize a Jewish
university club in thia city on the ground
that this would furnish the armory of anti-
Semites with an additional weapon. But
would the organization of a Jewish uni-+
versity club bea token of Jewish exclusive-
ness or @ protest in self-respect on the part
of Jews uniformly exelided from the uni-
versity clubs of the land? It is honoring
to be shut out of some Fifth avenne clubs
in our city, the qualifications for admission |
being apparently a capacity for unlimited
idleness and for an almost uniimited meas-
ure of strong drink. But it is another thing
everywhere throughout the land to exclude
the sone of Israel froin the nominally demo-
cratic fellowship of the academic atmos.
phere

Then Dr. Wise took up the subject of
the peace conference. Said he:

Not long ago the Lake Mohonk peace
conference cordially invited your minister
to be one of ite guests and speakers at the
annual meeting of the coming week. Upon
making inquiry I learned that the Lake
Mohonk Mountain House, the proprietor
of which is the hoat of the conference, “does
not solicit Hebrew patronage,” in other
worda denies accommodation to Jews
during the summer monthe. | thereupon
wrote to a number of well known Jews
who in past years have been regular in
attendance at the conference saying that
1 would not for a moment think of accepting
for myeelf in May the hoepitality which is
denied to my people in July and August.
1 added that no eelf-respecting Jew ought
to be willing to accept such hospitality
even foran hour. Attempts at explanation
followed on the part of those Jews which
were not explanations at all but lame and
impotent excuses for the attitude of the
hotel. The secretary of the conference,
while cordially renewing the invitation,
merely alleged that the hotel at Lake Mo-
honk and the conferences at the same place
were entirely distinct inatitutions, con-
ducted by separate offices, and added that
the owner of the hotel and the host of the
conference, one and the aame person, “de-
plored what seemed to be a business ne-
consnitym-timat it seemed to diecriminate
against such men as yourself and (another
name was mentioned) in the matter of
hotel accommodations.” Nothing was left
for me to do but to write to my fellow Jews
and to the peace conference as follows:

“It ja vain to hope for a ceasation of war
as jong as men suffer racial antipathies
and religious animosities to go unchal-
lenged. War after all is not a thing of arms
and armies. War is a thing of the human
heart and arma merely execute the pur-
pores of the souls of men. If we can get
slaughter out of the hearts of men war will
apeedily cease.

“I have long therished a deep admiration
for Mr. Smiley [Albert K. Smiley, one of the
chief workers in the conference) aa a high
souled servant of the race asa noble example
of American citizenship and therefore it
ia a real grief to me to find him yielding
even in the least degree to one of those
prejudices which lie back of the wars to
the extermination of which he has dedi-
cated his life.”

It Is not for us to consider the reasons
which move the host of the peace confer-
ence “not to solicit Hebrew patronage”
at his hotel. Every reason which could be
urged in his defence is equally valid in ex-
tenuation of the crime of war. Such
anti-Jewish inhoapitality is popular and
widespread; eo is war. It is profitable:
#o ia war. }

1 have no quarrel with the peace con-
ference whioh, in 80 far as it meets in a
place participant in a vulgar and godlesa
discrimination against a whole people,
is frustrate of ite own high purpose and
in a verv real sense comes to bring not
peace but the sword. My quarrel is with
such fellow Jews as are ready without de-
mur or protest to acquiesce in this conduct

an acquiescence which implies an even
araver moral remissness in the silent en-
durers of the deed than in its doers.

AUTO SPILLS ‘EM IN THE PARK,

 

All Landed on Mr. Stover’s Lawn and
Were DAttle Hurt.

An automobile containing two men and
two women besides the chauffeur, E. F.
Robinson of 105 West Sixty-third street,
and travelling at high apeed at 3:30 o'clock
yesterday morning on the road that
crosses Central Park at Fighty-sixth
atreet, swerved from the road, struck
a tree and lamppost and overturned,

Those in the machine landed at different
apots on the grass and were not much
hurt. Gertrude Mason of 437 West
Twenty-fifth streat and Raymond War-
ner, a ealeaman, of 26 West Fighty-aec-
ond atreet, were a hit scratched and
bruised. Robinson, Jeanette Campbell
of 437 West Twenty-fifth street and Frank
Roes of 246 Weet 126th street went home.

The party had been on a night rida to
Yonkers and through the brighter sec-
tions of the city.

|

 

WOMAN SUICIDE'S BODY FOUND,

Despondent Over Fiance's Il) Health and
Fear for Her Own,

Nasuva, N. H., May 21.--The body of |
Mises Blanche 8. Willoughby, for several |
yeara assistant librarian here, was found |
in the Merrimac River to-day. |

Mias Willoughby, who was 32 years old |
and engaged to be married to Capt. Harri-
son D. Swain, U.S. M. C., retired, disap-
peared a week ago and on Monday her
coat, hat and gloves were found on the!
bank of the river in Greeley Park, not)
far from her home, where she left a note |
saying she intended to commit suicide, |

Search of the river had been kept up
ever since, but no trace of the body was
found until to-day.

Misa Willoughby had been
spondent prior to

 

 

very de-
her disappearance |

many other famous artista.

GIRL SLEPT ON ROOF.
ee
Father Finds Her There. Was Afraid He
Wouldn't Forgive.

The police won't have to apend any
more time in looking for Gertrude Grafe,
15 years old, of 075 Barry street, Gertrude
ran away from home on May 15, after her
father had frbidden her to go to moving
picture shows and objected to her wear-
ing an engagement ring

Yesterday he went up on the roof to
hang up some clothes and found Gertrude
there ready to come down and be forgiven.

She told him she had been coming home
nights and sleeping on the roof, being
afraid to ask her father for shelter

 

 

MIDSHTPMEN TO MARRY.

 

I'Navy Department Gives Permission for

Four Karly Weddings.
ANNAPOLIS, May 21.—The Navy Depart-
ment, notwithstanding strongly expressed
opposition to the marraige of graduates
of the Naval Academy before they are
commissioned as ensigns, has yielded
in four cases of midshipmen of the present
clase who will graduate on June 2 and has
permitted them to marry as soon as they
wish after graduation. The members
of the graduation class who will soon
marry are Theodore Starr King 2d of
California, president of the clase, and
Football Captain Beirne Saunders Bullard
of Wieconsin, Harry R. Bogusch of Texas
and Oliver .. Wolford of Nevada. Mid-
shipman Wolford will marry Ethel B.

Martin of Annapolis on June 8.

CHAS. THORN SET UPON

On His Way Home-—Not Much Hurt
- Wasn't Robbed Apparently.

Charles C. Thorn, Eastern passenger
agent for the Southern Railway, who lives
at 515 West 139th street, was found. un-
conscious on the sidewalk of Broadway
bet ween Ninetieth and Ninety-first etreete
early yesterday morning. Mr. Thorn
had a ecalp wound on the back of his
head that appeared to have come from a
fall.

His money, $20, and a gold watch and
chain were in his pockets, 80 the police
did not think that Mr. Thorn had been
assaulted for purposes of robbery. He
was taken to the J. Hood Wright Hospital,
where he recovered consciousness, and
his aon Frederick took him home later in
a taxicab. He will be out to-day.

Mr. Thorn says he was assaulted by
several men in front of an empty lot near
where he was found. He was on his way
to the subway station at Ninety-sixth
street and was going home, he said.

POTASH PEACE SIGNED.

Detalls af the Agreement Reached at
Hamburg Not Given Out,
Spectal Cable Desputch to THE SUN.

Hamacroa, May 21.—The potash agree-
ment between the Americans and the
members of the German syndicate was
signed on Saturday night.

No details of the agreement have been
given out,

FAMILY OF FOUR KILLED.

Frightened Horse Drags Carriage Upon
Tracks in Front of Car.

NEWARK, Ohio, May 21. An entire
family was killed at 9:20 this morning
seven miles west of this city at Vorhees
lane when an interurban car loaded with
passengers on the way to Buckeye Lake
crashed into a buggy in which Dennis
Dodson, 35; his wife, Helen, 28; their
daughters, Helen, 7, and Edith, 5, were
driving to the home of a friend to spend
the day.

The horse became frightened at the car
approaching and instead of shying off
the side of the road jumped upon the
track. The father, mother and youngest
daught r were killed outright and the
elder child lived for an hour. The horse
was killed and the buggy demolished.

The roadway where the accident hap-
pened is not guarded by a fence and the
wheels:of a vehicle nearly touch the car
tracks. The place has long been known aa
“dead man's curve.”

POLICE SURGEON FINED.
Inclination at Headquarters to Think the
Performance Wholly New.

Police Commissioner Cropaey in a
special order issued on Saturday an-
nounced that Police Surgeon Edward T.
Higgins of 473 East 145th street had been
tried and found guilty on a charge of
failing to obey orders and that he had
been fined ten days pay. The order did
not explain what orders Dr, Higgins had

failed to obey.

So far as the memory of old timers about
Police Headquarters goes this trying and

 

Cc

 

 

 

 

| fining of a police surgeon is something

brand new.

Dr. Higgins is in charge of the Tentn
police surgical district, which embraces
the borough of The Bronx.

WELCOME TO KAISER PLEASES

Germany Gratified at His Reception.—Is
on His Way Home,
Spectal Cable Despatch to THE SUN,
Berit, May 21.- German officials echo
the pleasure that the Raiser expressed

| for the warmth of his reception in Eng-

land, The Norddeutacher Zeitung, an offi-

that Germany will treasure the sincere
and friendly welcome of the Kaiser and
hopes that the visit will be of lasting
value to the relations of the two coun-
tries

The imperial yvaeht  Hohenzollern
stopped at Flushing for the night and
will sail for Berlin on Monday. While
crossing the Hohenzollern's wireless
picked up the new Cunard steamship

| because Capt. Swain had been advised to! Ascania, which is on its trial trip, and
Kurak, the capital of the Russian prov- | go West on account of his health and also | Breetings were exchanged

inoe of that name, is a city of more than| because she feared she ;

60,000 aome 900 miles southweet of Moscow, | afflicted with tuberculosis.

\

had become |

Ladies find ANGOSTURA BITTERS an es.
Quivite braver during w tiresuine day.—-Ad

Train's New Machine Balked at
Start of international
Flight Contest.

 

Spectal Cable Despatches to Tue Sun.

Paris, May 21.—Henry Maurice Ber-
teaux, Minister of War of France, was
killed this morning and Antoine Ernest
Monis, Premier and Minister of the In-
terior, is injured and possibly dying
through a lamentable mishap at the start
of the Paris to Madrid aviation race of the
Petit Parisien. The start was made from
the drill ground at Iesy-lea-Moulineaux
at dawn.

In the cold of the early May morning
50,000 French men and women full of the
holiday spirit and in their gayest attire
gathered to witness the start of the great
flight across the Pyrenees, the first of the

   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
  
  

many great international air events of
1911. The scene was one of joyous ex-
pectation.

The first of the competitors to get away
was Lieut. Conneau of the French navy,
who was flying under the pseudonym of
André Beaumont, assumed because he is
on leave of absence. He ascended suc-
cessfully at 5:10 o’clook and headed to the
southward.

Conneau was followed in a very few
minutes by Roland G. Garros, who has
just returned from flying in the United
States. Garros was just diminishing into
a speck against the sky when Gibert took
the air.

All these three were using Biériot ma-
chines. The crowd was cheering and
watching the machines as they rose in
the clear morning light, when Train, the
fourth aviator, was seen approaching the
drill ground with a passenger, one Bon-
nier, in his machine. He was using a
steel monoplane built and patented by
himself, and after rising from the ground
he circled ‘about the great open apace for
the purpose of trying his motor. In a
moment the crowd detected that some-
thing was wrong with his machine.

As Train had risen into the air the
Premier, the Minister of War and the
other distinguished men in their party,
not being able to see very plainly from
the stand of honor, came forward and
stood near the starting line. Encouraged
by this, the entire crowd made a forward
move. There was a tremendous crush
and the officials in charge of the course
made a signal which brought a squadron
of cuirassiers galloping to the spot for the
purpose of pressing their horses against
the throng and pushing them back beyond
the safety line.

Train about this time was shutting
off his motor and preparing to alight.
He found himself directly over the horse-
men as they rode upon the field. In order
to avoid dashing into the group he
shifted his planes sharply and shot high
into the air again.

In doing this he cleared the soldiers,
but he was unable to see the group of
notables who stood just beyond them
on the filed. Thus when, having cleared
the helmets of the troopers, he slinted
toward the earth to alight he suddenly
found himself dashing headlong into the
crowd. He shut off his power, but it was
too late.

Minister of War Berteaux was directly
in the path of the machine. He raised
his arm instinctively as if to ward off
the collision, As the aeroplane passed
him the propeller of the machine caught
the raised arm and wrenched it clean
away from the body. M,_ Berteaux
was hurled to the earth bleeding and
insensible. His death was almost instan-
taneous.

The crowd scattered with a mad rush.
It was every one for himself. The ma-
chine crashed to earth immediately at the
apot where Premier Monis was standing.
He was pinned to the ground underneath
the motor, and when a second later a
hundred men rushing to his assistance
lifted the wreck of the aeroplane from his
body he was found to be unconscious
and covered with blood.

The bones of his nose were broken

and his face wae out. His scalp was
' trightfully torn, the bones of his right
\}eg were also fractured. So much was
| noted at once. Later it was discovered
‘that he had euetained serious abdominal
injuries, and it is these that endanger
his life. He was hurried to his home in
lan automobile. There is some hope of

| cial organ, indorsing the gratitude, says ! hia recovery, but the doctors in charge

| entertain grave fears. To-night it is
| reported that the Premier has shown great
‘courage throughout the day. After re-
‘eovering consciousness he suffered in-
| tense pain, notwithstanding which he at-
‘tended to urgent State business and
signed a number of important papers.
At 11 o'clock the abdominal pains had
given way to treatment and M. Monis
was resting easy.

| Naturally the terrible accident caused