—_—_
SS

TAYLOR HAS FINE
NEW SERVICE PLAN

‘

 

Bie Truck Dealer Takes)
Gramm-Bernstein for Big
Territory. |

R. FE. Taylor of the R. E. Taylor Cor- |
poration announces a change in his busi-
ness relations and a new and interest-
ing form of service to truck owners,

The Taylor Corporation and Benja-
min A. Gramm and M. Bernstein have
signed a mutual twenty year contract
which gives Mr. Taylor control of both
the gales and service of the Gramm-
Rerstein motor truck for New York, |
Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Massachu-
setts, Connecticut, Rhode Island, Maine,
Vermont, New Hampshire, Maryland,
Delaware and the District of Columbia.

Commenting on his new relation, Mr.
Taylor sald:

“Because I can absolutely control the
service end of my business in all this
territory T can say just what my cus-
tomers are going to get in the way of |
service. In the first place the Gramm.- |
Hernsteln motor truck has service built
Into it when it is made. Mr. Gramm has
devised a transmission system, for in-
stance, which is absolutely ‘fool proof —
as nearly unbreakable as can be. In
fact, he guarantees it for the life of
the truck. And all other parts of the
truck are produced under his own in- |!
dividual attention. He knows that the
various units assembled into his truck
are the very best that can be produced
by any one. |

"So I start with a truck that has no |
internal faults to overcome or explain |

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

Here is the new Packard 12 cylinder
245 horse-power aviation motor and pro-
peller blade mounted on the rear of a
three ton Packard truck. The regular
motor of the truck was disconnected and
power generated by the aeronautic motor
and propeller pushed the heavy truck at

away or minimize to the prospective |
buyer. And then when one needs some-
thing done any time owners will have
at their disposal conveniently located |

supply of parts will be always on tap |
and where competent workmen will |
promptly do what overhauling or repair- |
ing {s needed. We shal! of course charge |
for this, just as one would expect to |
have to pay to have his watch cleaned |
and regulated by the jeweller from whom |
he bought it. But at the end of the |
year, when we make up our cost sheets, |
whatever sums may have been paid by |
an owner which we find to have been in |
excess of his proportionate share for the |
work done or parts supplied will be re- |
turned to him. ’
“In other words, I do not want to
make a single cent out of the service |
end of my business. I think It is but;
fair that the man who buys so costly |
@ piece of machinery should have it!
cared for properly by me year after!
year. I want that man to be my friend |
and trust me. I cannot expect such
confidence and friendship unless I in
turn show myself friendly and square
with him. T shall make abundant in-
come from the sales of motor trucks and |
shall not need to do any petty grafting
on repairs or the sale of parts to my |
friends, |
“One of my men will call in one of |
the twenty touring cars I maintain for}
that purpose any time any Interested |
business man calls up ‘Bryant 400,’ Bro- |
saw Building, 1457 Broadway, near |
Forty-second street—and take him to|
s€@ Some one or more Gramm-Bernstein
‘rueks in actual work. ‘These trucks are
made in one, one and a half, two, two
and a half, three and a half, five and.
SIX ton capacities—all worm driven—so ,
oe can be fitted out with what his busi-
hess may require. And if needed one
of my efficient transportation experts |
will go over hauling problems, without
cost, and tell what in his judgment any

‘usiness needs in the way of motor
trucks,”

VOORHIS JOINS NASH CO.

Part of Plan to Develop Great Or- |
ganisation, 1

Announcement by C. B. Voorhis of his
fecent resignation from the Oakland |
Motor Company, where he held the posi-
;, ‘on of vice-president, director and

keneral @ales miunager, is explained in |

' * formal announcement made yesterday |

by C. W, Nash, president of the Nash |

Motor Company, that shortly after the |

let of February Mr, Voorhis will take |

p the position as head of the selling di- |
vision of the big Kenosha concern,

 

 

 

. ‘ Packard Aeronautic Motor in

Kenosha
ence gained at the Oakland in agssocia-

Stations in my territory where a fall | eee

 

B. A. GRAMM,

oresidency in charge of sales, hie re-
sponsibilities so increased that it was
constantly growing mroe and more difti-
cult to get away.

Thus future possibilities were opened
to Mr. Voorhis at either place, but he

 

 

arate of twenty miles an hour. The rear |
wheels were then !ocked in the snow and
the propeller continued to push the truck
like a sled with the rear wheels station-
ary. The wheels were painted with white
crosses so that in motion pictures which
were taken the

front wheels would be |

finally

decided to follow Mr. Nash at

There the wonderful experi-
with both Mr. Nash and Mr,
cannot but be extremely valu-
able to him in his new connection. Auto-
mobile men everywhere see fur him a

 

 

 

Thia sturdy and serviceable

Powerful Motor Truck Triumvirate.

 

 

tion,”

Peerless Eight

2

 

THE SUN, SUNDAY

 

 

- KR, E. TAYLOR,

 

Moving the Costly Show Cars, |
If you don't think it Is “some job’ to
move automobiles in and out of © Hote

Astor and Grand Central Pal

   
  

  

hn

 

 

Heeb daa ee cheow’) MOTOR TRUCK SHOW
Great Feat lwvin Follow Exhibition of

Pleasure Vehicles and All
Makes Will Be Shown.

Brooklyn ts to stage the first com-
| mercial vehicle show held in this vicinity
| since 1912. This was definitely decided
yesterday by the Brooklyn Motor Ve-
hicle Dealers’ Association, which an-
nounced eeveral years ago that its
} sixth annual motor car exhibition was
to be held jn the Twenty-third Reg-
iment armory, February 24 to March 38.
The commercial exhibition will follow
the display of pleasure vehicles and has
| been designated as Part If. of the Brook-
jlyn show. Part I. will be given over ex-
| clusively to pleasure cars, while at the
| Part IT. section, held the following week,
chassis, truck bodies, accessories, parts,
Pee will be displayed.
} For some weeks past the Brooklyn
; Motor Vehicle Dealers’ Association has
had a hard task on its hands in attempt-
jing to allot space to exhibitors, many of
whom wanted to exhibit not only pleas-
ure cars but trucks as well. Inasmuch
| as the demand of the pleasure car exhib-
|itors for space was so great the show
managers first thought of cutting down
the size of individual spaces so as to
accommodate all who wished to exhtbit.

This idea was not found practicable,

| however, because of the insistent de-

|;mands for large space and the Part II

seen in motion and the rear ones station- | period therefore was finally decided
ary while the truck was moving. J. G, | Ubon. All the space for the Part I.
. ; : ¥ | period in the big armory, which has a
Vincent, designer of the motor, is wear- jlarger floor space than either the main
ing the fur coat and cap floors of Madison Square Garden or
This motor will be exhibited at the | Grand Central Palace, has been allotted
First Pan-American Aeronautics Expo- | to exhibitors and the space for the Part

sition in Grand Central Palace February 11. period is idly being sold, according

 

8-15 ' to 1. GC. Kir m, 1885 Hedford avenue,
Mrookivn, who is secretary of the show
committee.

itor and they TT development of the commercial

+ vehicle business in Greater New York

1 me worries you are bad hi been tremendous Long Island is

mistaken Why, these cars hay to be, considered one of America’a greatest

handled more tenderly than bables. A baby | genis for the motor truck because of
t : ont it? than ce

batt iors: Rise ae Ay btn ee inh. its farming, shipping, railroad and mer-

handizing interests.

Cylinder Sedan.
me +e.

op. oa

       

car sells for $2,700, delivered here, The Peerless Iine is handled

by the Van Cortlasd Vehicle Corporation at 1896 Broadway.

wonderful! future with the Nash interests |

at Kenosha.

HARROUN MOTOR TEST.

Small and Compact Engine Shows
43 Ilorse-power.

Automobile engineering circles have
been interested in the result of a test of
the new Harroun motor which, in the
hapds of the research department of the
Re: \ Electric Company, has estableihed
a record new to the annals of gasolene
engines.

Mr. Vv \ , : : Though this motor is one of the small-
smntann tee ! be with the Nash } est and most compact on the market, it
Chicago A or att rst time at the | developed a brake test maximum of

Automobile Show. Owing to his 48.1 horse-power on the Remy dyna-

wide acquaintance among dealers and
distributers throughout the Middle West,
and the keen competition everywhere
among dealers to get a line of cara aul
trucks built and backed by C. W. Nash,
he {s bound to be a much sought after
man during the sessions at the big show
at the Coliseum.

In joining the Nash

company Mr.

| mometer,
| by a revolutionary rapidity in attaining
| its intermediate steps

accompanying the maximum

Ray Harroun'’s design measures but

1314 inehes in bore and 5'4 inches stroke
| ea

its four
According |

piston displacement for
‘viinders of 174 cubic inches,

| to the conventional formula for the cal-

A \ yr, its rating 6.9. |
Voorhis is coming back to serve again | oulation of power, | 1 a ne la 16 ait
under his old chief, When Voorhie came | Yet this motor developec 20) horse
to the Oakland company .18 cssistant| #! 900 revolutions per minute, 30 at

)
*vleS manager in July, 19°, Mr. Nash,
then president of the General Motors |
“olpany, was also president and active

ecutive in the management of the
ce and company. Accordingly Mr,
‘ °orhis s rapid rise at the Pontiac plant ,
Wes

constantly under the keen observa-
Non of Mr, Nash, and when the Jatter |
“| the General Motors Company to pur |
Ye the big Jeffery plant at Kenosha,
ue Voorhts Was one of the first men |
ash asked to co with him

Jt has been more or less of an open |
Secret tnat there was a big place for |
Mr, Voorhis with Mr. Nash any time he
Wanted it, In the meantime, however,
with the accession of Fred W. Warner
to the presidency of the Oakland, and by
the eleetion of Mr. Voorhie to the vice

| R,

1,400, 25 at 1,660, 40 at 1,950 and 438.1}
at 2,400,

| R. E. CHAMBERLAIN PROMOTED.

Becemes Truck Sales Manager of
Packard Motor Car Company.

Announcement of the

1, Chamberlain, truck galom inana- |
ger of the Pockar! Motor Car Com- |
pany of New York, to the position of |
truck sales manager of the ontire!
Packard Motor Car Company was made |
yesterday by ©, R, Norton, general sales |
manager of the big Detroit concern, He
besine bis new duties at the factory on)
January 15, |

appointment of |

 
   
   
         
       
   
   
   
       
     
   
 

THE MAXWELL
CABRIOLET

Those who heretofore have been pleased
only with the electric car now realize that all
of the features they desire are found in the
Maxwell Cabriolet, In fact, this car is to be
preferred because it offera in addition more
flexibility, greater power and speed, and is,
of course, more economical. The purchaser
of the Maxwell Cabriolet enjoys electric
refinement plus Maxwell performance.

  

A number of these cars have just been received
and are ready for immediate delivery

CABRIOLET $865 TOWN CAR $915 SEDAN $985
F.o. b. Detroit Immediate Delivery

Deferred Payments If Desired

Slaxwell

MOTOR SALES CORPORATION
1908 BROADWAY

, JANUARY 28, 1917.

‘TWO POWER RANGES |
IN PEERLESS CARS

| Walter Woods Explains Inter- |
esting Feature of the 1917
Motors Now on View.

 

 

che Pestiess (we Soles maw tem ia
| range ts
‘fascinating to one who cam chee ce!
Srasp the technical principles involved,”
says Walter Woods, vice-president of the

Van Cortlandt Vehicle Corporation, dis-

aoe of Peerless cars. .

“The well known practical ad

of the High speed multiple aptinder gute

are realized on the road only when the |
entire car mechanism is #o designed that |
& strong, even motor pull is avetiadle |
at all car speeds. The Model 56 chaasis

and the Model 66 eight cylinder motor |
are designed and to bring |
about this much desired condition. With |
this as a starting point, proper fuel sup- |
ply is furnished to the motor by a two
stage carbureter having one . of jets
for car speeds up ¢o approxinsuely 45 |
miles an hour and another set that is

opened automatically when the car ad-|
| Vances beyond this speed.
| “The desirability of securing a car-

; bureter which would give a good econ- |
;omy, strong pulling on hills without |

 

power had been the goal of car manu-
'facturers for some years.
| “It has not been difficult to fix the
| size of throats so that the velocity at
the low speed was sufficient to
| atomise the gasolene and at the same
{time give satisfactory power at 1,800
| revolutions per minute and under.

“From the speed of 1,800 up, however,
the limitations of throats cut so heavily
in the volumetric efficiency that the
power curve drops off rapidly at high
speeds.

“How, then, can satisfactory results
be obtained for speeds from 1,800 to
; 3,000 revolutions? Obviously the most
simple method, stil retaining the small
throat for the lower speed requirements,
would be to provide an additional sup-
ply through a separate larger throat
with its independent nozzle, these larger
throats being controlled by a separate
valve which in turn was interconnected
with the main throttle valve.

“Such larger nozzles, proportioned for
the proper richness to give maximum
speed and power such as are required
under racing conditions, alone would not
give slow speed performance.

“This is illustrated to engineers and
spectators at automobile races, when the

|

   

= MMT TT TT

way

 

a

loading, quick pick up, high speed z

ment,

salesmen
Newark — every one
portation expert—ill be at your service, for a LOOK AT,
THE WONDERFUL GRAMM-BERNSTEIN TRUCK, MON-
Phone Bryant 400 and learn the great secret.

It gives us genuine pleasure, to be able to so much better serve
our good friends, than ever before in our history.

DAY MORNING.

———————

   
        

   

STEIN Te
The largest and
world will open for business to-morrow.
It is the enormous structure at 315 West
Sixty-eighth street, built and owned by
the Hudson Motor Car Company of New
York, of which Harry S. Houpt is presi-
dent. In capacity, convenience, safety
and in the arrangements for the comfort
of patrons and chauffeurs, it is in a class
by itself even in this city, which is noted
throughout the country for its fine pub-
lic garages,

Harry 8S. Houpt is not a novice in the
line of conducting a garage business.
Away back in 1905, when he was the lo-
cal agent for Thomas cars, he operated
the Thomas garage at Broadway and
Sixty-third street. Old time motorists
will recall the enviable reputation en-
joyed by that garage, then the finest in
the city.

For some years Mr. Houpt has had in
mind the erection cf a garage that would
meet to the minutest detail his fdeas
of what would constitute ideal conditions

 

 

 

racing cars have great difficulty in start-
ing at low speeds and very often miss
badly until they obtain the maximum
speed for which their particular racing
carbureter is designed.

“What could be more satisfactory,
then, in a high speed motor combining

at 42d street, New York.

 

ES

finest garage in the:

for the safe and quick handling of fine
motor cars, while affording at the same
time the highest type of service to cus-
tomers,

The new garage is the realization of

Mr. Houpt’s ambition. Running through
the block from Sixty-eighth to Sixty-
| ninth street it covers nearly an acre of
ground. Forty-three thousand feet of
floor space is available on each of the
four floors, and access to each of these
{is afforded by a system of double
ramps 18 feet in width, which will elimi-
nate all waiting and delay.
ing has space for 624 cars, making It the
largest of its kind anywhere.

Unlike any other garage in the city

lutely uniform,
crete guide 414 inches high, 10
| long and 49 inches in width and pointed
{at the ends. The car is backed into
place with the guide between the wheels.
The minimum of space between the run-
| ning boards of cars is 14 inches, mak-
ing bumping or rubbing impossible,

| the features of ordinary service with
| those of racing ability than by the use
|of racing throats and jets for ‘sporting
range’ and retaining smailer throats and
i jets for the ‘loafing range’?

“Another desirable feature connected
With the two stages is that the first

hence,

Service--the Reason

in New York,
a

Boston,
trained,

Philadelphia,

competent, successful

R. KE. TAYLOR, President

Delaware, Maryland, District of Columbia.

  
 

RSasee ALU

Harry Houpt Opens City’s Most Luxurious Garage.

    

|
|

The most careful attention has been

| given to the matter of comfort for

chauffeurs, the garage Including a large

| cjubroom, with restaurant, barber shop,

The build- |

the Hudson spaces for cars are abso- |
Mach space has a con- |
feet |

   
  
   
           

The Most Important Motor Truck
Announcement Ever Made in America

The best Motor Truck in the world has just been linked up
with the greatest Motor Truck Sales Organization in the world,
and all motordom will be asking, tomorrow, how it happened.

The R. E. Taylor Corporation, which, in recent years, has
grown to be the largest and most successful Motor Truck distribu-
tor in America, has voluntarily dropped its former Motor Truck
line, and has, after careful, conscientious examination, selected as
the ONE truck in America, worthy of its organization, the
GRAMM-BERNSTEIN, which, in the judgment of the R. E
Taylor Corporation, represents PERFECTION in worm-drive
TRUCKS.

The peculiar merit of the Gramm-Bernstein, over ALL other
Trucks, will be made clear in future anno uncements—suflicient to
say, for the moment, that the R. E. Taylor Corporation would have
been foolish if it had chosen a Truck which did not, in its judg-
represent FAR GREATER SERVICE,
GREATER VALUE, to its multitude of customers, than ANY
other Truck on the market.

The R. F. Taylor Corporation will CONTROL, EXCLU-
SIVELY, BOTH WHOLESALE AND RETAIL SALES, AND
ALL SERVICE STATIONS, of the Gramm-Bernstein Truck in
the States of New York, Connecticut, Rhode Island, Massacliu-
setts, New Hampshire, Maine, Vermont, New Jersey, Pennsylva-
nia, Delaware, Maryland and the District of Columbia.
tive offices have been established in the Brokaw Building, Broad-

FAR

Execn-

For the tirst time in the history of the motor-car industry, the
R. E. Taylor Corporation will give “SERVICE,” to every ‘'otor
Truck buyer, on the basis of actual cost.
made on all parts and all repair work than is now granted by any
other truck manufacturer or distributor, and, at the end of each
year, every dollar of profit earned by the Co-operative Service Sta-
tions of the R. E. Taylor Corporation, in New York, Boston, Phila-
delphia, Brooklyn, Newark and other important cities, will be
returned on the R. FE. Taylor actual-cost-co-operative basis, to cus-
tomers, in exact proportion to the payments made for service-sta-
tion work. All profits will, therefore, be made on the largely in-
creased sale of trucks, and customers need no longer fear excessive
repair charges—up to this day the Nemesis of the Motor Truck in-
dustry.

The twenty Taylor automobiles which carry R. F. Taylor
Brooklyn and
trans-

A lower price will be

Once a Taylor customer, always a Taylor customer: SERVICE—the Reason

R. E. Taylor Corporation

EXCLUSIVE DISTRIBUTORS GRAMM-BERNSTEIN MOTOR TRUCKS in the States of New York, Connecticut,
Rhode Island, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Maine, Vermont, New Jersey, Pennsylvania,

EXECUTIVE OFFICES, BROKAW BUILDING, Broadway at 42d St. New York.
1 tem, 1% tons, 2 tons, 24 tons, 334 toms, 5 tens and 6 tons, with Tractors te 15 tonsa—the most ccenplete Mme in America

TANTALUM

  

 

reading room, shower baths and a loung-
ing room fitted with billiard and pool
tables.

A large room flooded with light fs pro-
vided on the fourth floor for the free
use of owners and chauffeurs desiring
to do their own repairing of cara, In
it eight or ten cars can be accommo-
dated at one time.

Although the garage {s only a short
distance from Broadway Mr. Hipupt
maintains a bus service running on a
fifteen minute headway to the Seventy-
second street subway express etation
for the convenience of owners end
chauffeurs and of others desiring to in-
spect the building. There will be no
charge for this service.

The new garage will be open day and
night under the charge of superintend-
ents and each floor will at all houre be
supervised by a foreman.

 

 

stage, or ‘loafing,’ can be set to give the
greatest economy possible and at .the
same time very smooth action, These
combinations at the same time permit
motor speeds of 1,800 revolutions a min-
ute, which on a standard car will give
between 40 and 45 miles an hour.

SUT ANT

 

WMT I=(VUSF!3iQqC TM NCO

ete _—

 

a ae