f

 

—- -———-
Se as Seen

By LAWRENCE REAMER.

HE matinee at the Republic
Theatre on Monday will give |

the Drama League a new im-
portance in the minds of those
discerning persons who have hitherto

looked upon the org: nization as al

Tyler play is the hypothesis of the
| missing wall of a house Which js its
most striking thought to-day; and it
‘Was spoken by Mr. Collins in the brief
| PArsage from the piece seen on Mon-
day,

The comedy of manners, such as

peevish band of meddiers who took Mrs. Ritchie wrote seventy-five years

its greatest pleasure in @ ling John
Doe what he should go and see
in the theatre whether he Liked at or
not; discoursingJignorantly, of course,
and with naive gravity, on the Sflu-
ence of the business o.uicc in criticism
and creating a hero out o;
charged newspaper writer who could

vory dix-

 

possibly be martyred to mace a Dram!
League holiday At last there have;
been perceptib.ie indic: ions o a con-,

structive tendency on the purt of the
organization which is to be some hing

denies,

The matinee of AMerican dramatisis
gave unlimitcu deight to the audi-
ence, The same programme was sug-

gested several years ago to the Sage:
Society before that fruitful organ!ea-!}
tion began to seck its artistic adven-'

tures about the mews of Washington
Square, although the choice of dramius

Was not just the same. it was then’

proposed — that Braider Matthews
should describe the p'ace of the author
and the importinee of the crama in
the development of our theatre, Tar
the scheme fell through tor reasous
Which must appear obvious,

The place of Charles Hoy in the

programme was possibly mor’ ditticuls ;

to explain than any of the others, ior
while his types were strongly markid
in their nationalfsm, it is undoubtedl;
true that the characteristic Hoyt plays
were musical, which removes them
from the purely dramatic ficld. he-
yond “A Midnight Bell” there were few
of these creations which did not have
the aid and comfort of music —
or did the yoke! sing “When Pop Was
a Little Boy Like Mo” in that play
which happened to contain the second
role that Maude Adems éver acteé In
New York? It is true that the HMuor-
rigan pieces were also musical, and it

is scarcely less definitely settled that,

there ig nothing in the theatre of that
emterprising pair which would, repay

performance: even at such a eonpre- |}
hensive matinee es thes which Mr

BR OR

 

 

   

Ned 2 erect
Bak © sesame

=
RUTH DRAPER.

oy MONOLOGUEG AT THE COMEDY
mnoto ev aime ooeoweet

Hopkins and Mrs. Jones arranged on
Monday.

The particular interest in both “The |

Contrast” and “David Crockett” was
the selection of scenes that have been
impressed on the minds of those famil-
iar with the salient lines of the plays.
“Be sure you're right, then go ahead”

was the speech from Frank Murdock's |

naive “Davy Crockett,” which is re-
membered better to-day than the fa-
mous defence against the wolves,
which used to provide such a thrilling
minute for our grandfathers. In the

IN,
Current Productions.

 

Astor, “Her Seldier Boy’;
Bandbox, “The Lodger’; Be-
lasco, “Little Lady in Blue”;
Booth, “Getting Married”;
Casino, “Follow Me”; Century,
“The Century Girl’; Cohan,
“Come Out of the Kitchen”;
Cohan & Harris, “Captain Kidd,
Jr.”; Comedy, the ashington
Square Players; Cort, “Upstairs
and Down”; Criterion, ‘‘Sere-
monda”; Eltinge, “Cheating
Cheaters”; Eltinge, Nora
Bayes’s matinees; Empire, “A
Kiss for Cinderella”; , Forty-
eighth Street, “The Thirteenth
Chair”; Fulton, “In for the
Night”; Gaiety, “Turn to the
Right”; (Garrick, Theatre
Francais; Globe, “The Harp of
Life’; Harris, “The Yellow
Jacket”; Hippodrome, “The Big
Show’; Hudson, “Shirley Kaye”;
Irving Place, German repertory;
Knickerbocker, “The Music Mas-
ter”; Liberty, “Have a Heart”;
Little, “Pierrot the Prodigal,’
Longacre, “Nothing But the
Truth”; Lyceum, “Her Husband’s
Wife”; Maxine Elliott's, Ger-
trude Kingston Players; New
Amsterdam, ‘Miss Springtime”;
Playhouse, “The Man Who Came
Back”; Princess, Nazimova sea-
son; ublic, “Good Gracious
Annabelle”; Shube “Leve o’
Mike”; ine alate treet, “Old
Lady 31”; Winter Garden, “‘Show
of Wonders”; Yorkville, “Sadie
From Riverside Drive.”

Motion Pictures—Broadway,

enty Thousand es Un-
der the Sea”; Lyric, “A Daugh-
ter of the Gods”; Forty-fourth
Street, Geraldine Farrar in
Joan the Woman.”

 
  
  
  
   

ago, shows no triits that have not
‘been inherited by fits descendants,
| Tueywrights no longer hold up an
| overdreased negro servant as a sign
of aping of European manners, but
, counts are still unmasked as valets,
‘und the poets who enter the sacred
circle of society are st'll made to feel
their inferiority to money and tities.
Then real virtue’ as well as all the
other fine qualities reside only in the
| modest governess, which has been re-
days of Cinderella. It is comforting
to come over the same ol] theatrical
{ruths, offered in much the same form
and varied only in outward appear-
ance,

No playwright has taken the trouble
to do mere than continue rewriting

“Fashion” during the years that have
followed Mrs. Ritchie's. play. Benja-
min Wolf certainiy varied the formula
ut little in “The Mighty Dollar,” and
Mix. General Gitlory with hor “Libby,
deur.” is but a modern varient of
Ves. Tiffenu Social satire in the
drema need not be very modern to
have its effect./ ven “Sherley Kaye”
fwith its aspir.ng Western millionaires

years fron the piece which was shown
; to the audience on Monday, Much
; more of the present day and hour was
{the social study of “Aristocracy,”

which might well have been substi-

| which was omitted on account of tech-
“nical difficulties. That play was much
‘moe charocteristic of the best that
_ Bronson Howard did than his) war
melodrama. None of those was equal
jto William Gillette, who was an in-

‘his “Secret Service.” It was the best
| of them all, but maybe it was not old
enough. Yet it seemed older than time
when He played it here last.

, The Theatre Francais, which seems

| destined to end its season in the littl:

,Garrick Theatre and await its new,

terrpile vatil th: beginning of the next
; year, serves among other amiable pur-
poses to revive memories of plays and
octors seen here in the. past. There
i was Gilda Derthy as the last of a ine
of Saphos, ard an excellent one, per-
{hans the truest to type since Gabriel
Rojace. who wos the first of the leval
incarnations of Dandet’s heroire. Jane
Hoding played the part in Parts, but
she never ected it here. Olga Nether-
,sule, in the padded out version of
Myvle Fitch. coarsened the iype out
of ail resemblance to the original
In “Mme. Fiirt,” which was the bill
last week. there was a reminder of
the version of Berr ani Gaveult’s
comedy which Clyce Fitch made for
Am Ua Bingham, who played the piecé
brief at the old Princess Theatre.
| Perbaps this occasion was memorable
in introducing an admirable actor to
i the loval stage in the person of Ernest
| Lowford, whoj;jhad the task difficult
\for him even #& those days of acting
a very young man. Of all the actors
that bave continued uncer Mr. Ben-
j heur's wgis this season nee has
, proved so interesting as Edgar Bec-
| man. This accomplished player wants
|to act in English and has learned the
language sufficiently well for that pur-
;pose, The event of his enterprise will
!be interesting to observe. Will he

jepeech with as little distinction as
{Lou Tellegen. who seemed to bring to
| his performances in English only the
| artificiality of his school? But that

‘may be the result of speaking the ver-
jnacular without accent but with an

|{ntonation that remains as foreign as |

| and: JEROME PATRICK

! ever.

 

Has another actor's tradition been
justified? Avery Hopwood's clever
i farce “Our Little Wife,” which seems
lto have failed more on account of
‘some important defects in the manner
! of acting it rather than from any dis-
| cernible fault in tue piece, illustrated
;a daring departure from the conven-
jtions of the players. Misa Illington,
i who played the heroine, was “discov-
| ered” on the stage when the curtain
| arose for the first time, Many a pley
with possibilities has been rejected in
the past for this supposed defect.
When Mme. Rejane had made her
| Breat success here in Meilhac and Hal-
evy's “Ma Cousine” American come-
| diennes were anxious to try their luck

ae the part of the fascinating heroine. |

adie than amy of her contemporaries
‘the irresponsible gayety of this daugh-
iter of joy refused the play unless an
| “entrance” of adequate importance was
| prepared for her. That seemed impos-
| sible, and others followed her example
Hin rejecting the piece in its original
‘form. Finally Pilar Morin was hardy
enough with her forvign indifference
,to the American habits of the theatre
‘to take the play as it stood. When
‘an inept performance ended its ¢xist-
‘ence in English after a few perform-
ances the superatition seemed justified,
,Did Mr, Hopwood's play strengthen
| the force of the idea in the professional
| mind?

' 4

| Alla Nazimova always has oné
{quality to offer for which her
|audiences are grateful, perhaps
{cause it is so rarely seen im her
| colleagues among the eminent in the

— | theatre here, She inakes a chare

= 4

| garded as more or less true since the.
better than the spirit that evermore;

ir not different by more than a few:

j tuted for the act of “Shenandoah,” |

| terested spectator of the matinee in’

bear the transfer to a new nedium of '

The one who might have suggested |

 
  
 

yacter of every part she plays. It is}
,never a mere reproduction of Mme. ,
Nazimova’s traits and peculiarities,
physical and otherwise, She seeks to}
impersonate, She is not afraid to test |
_ the loyaity of her admirers by depart-
ing for a minut: from the personality |
they may be led to expect. That has
always been considered the highest
duty of the popular American player. |
Managers foster it. If the player seeks '
to depart from the mere repetitica of
all that he or she’ has done before the |
far seeing madag.r remicds him or her
—much more frequentiy her—that the
public come to see John Doe and that
nothing is to be gained by ambitious |
and uncertain efforts ‘1 any other di- |
rection,

So we have had Miss Adams acting
her charming self in whatever play she |
may appear, and ‘while that may be the
great: st possibie justification for such
an artistic course it is one of the
strongest examp'es of the prevailing |
fuult of American actors, It is better
to eXcept Mrs. Fiske than to name all
the other importact players, since there
is scarcely a man or woman with the
exception of her and David Warfield of
which the same cannot be said. Per-
haps the careers of some of them
might eet be so short and the cinema
might ote yawn so inviticgly did they
take the trouble to impress the public
with their powrr to be something else
rather than their irresistible selves.

It is not alone in such material de-
tails as physical appearance that the
Russian actress. become the character.
i In every trait site identifies herself with
|the part she is acting. At times her
| sense of pictorial effect has got the
jeer of her judgment and she has}
| sacrificed to pose and graceful gesture |

FI2ANCES STARR

   

dai to character. But there is none
lor that fault now in her acting of the
1 heroine of “'Ception Shoals.” Barring
‘a siight exaggeration of the simplicity
;of the girl who has passed her life on
| Barren—rather a barren—lIgland there |
{is nothing but praise for her genuinely |
sincere and powerful ability to make a |!
character @ve in her own acting as she)

reveals it in this play. |

 

| WHY IS A BRAMHALL?
| sutormation Supplied ona Perplex- |
| ing Subject.

| “They aren't ammteurs,”” one man
| said.

“Well, they aren't professionals,” the

 

{second man replied.
|
| observed of the Bramhall Players in
{the lobby of the Bramhall Playhous«
|, one evening last week. His observa
tion seemed to sete the matter for a)
|three, as they started for sheir seat
to assist the Players in their presenta
| tion of “Keeping Up Appearances,” th:
, tragi-comedy of American life of te
day now playing there. Their word
reached the ears of Butler Davenpor
| director and author of the playhou
; and the play, as he sat in.the box offi
| #’reened by the drop in the door,
| “Many people tell me the chara
ters are real—it doesn't seem like ac
ing,” Mr. Davenport said later in t!
evening in ‘his speech before the cur
tain after the third act, when he tal)
with his audience for a few minut.
every night. They don't act, a woma
said the other evening. “I'm glad the
| don't seem to,” was his reply, continu
ting, “If she only knew how hard w
d all worked to get beyond the ‘act
ing’ stage and live, express the charac
ters’ ives humanly for the people look
ing in on them for those two hours.
“In the ‘House of Truth,’ asfa govud

 

 

“T guess they're educational,” a third

THE SUN, SUNDAY,’ JANUARY

“THE WANDERER” IS TO BE SEEN.

 
  
  
 
 
 
  
  
   
   
  
   
    
  
   
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
      
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
   
 
   
   
  
 
  
  
 

  

 

<

 

THI

 

SS tgs aba danoaiaiae at

ELSIE FERGUSON
“SHIRLEY KAYE’

 

| friend christened the Bramhall ers | oe to emotion on the stage, but I
| house recently, you will see life some- | insist that it is the real way.
| times ag it is, at others as we hope “Others said that my performance
lit will be; but truth underlying it all, ean oF the, in on Sens a key,
struggling am = striving to come| that all the sparkle and infectious gay-
| through the shams and ‘make believes,’ | ety or something of that sort that char-
| sentimentalities and prejudices of dally 7 actorisee my Peg is absent. I plead
living, is finally boung to reagh the! guilty again, I am reposeful in this
4 surface, whether it is expressed in, Play because I am playing an unselfish
| terms of farce, comedy, satire, Grama | woman, Peg was the most selfish
| or tragedy. We have evidences nightly; Person in the world. She* cared for
of people having seen themselves and! nothing or nobody except herself, her
| their friends, mostly their friends—they | on oo" teen father. She did not mind
always see them first—-in the life re-| others’ feelings at all, Sylvia does.
flected from the mirrog of ‘Keeping Up| Because she does not wish to obtrude

 

 

|

!
|

| Appearances’ into which they are gag-| herself upon others she represses all |
‘ing. That is the meaning of the Bram-| her feelings, and if this gives an im- |

hall Playhouse, to set up a mirror in| Pression of too much repose blame the
the “House of Truth’ wherein Amer-| Playwright and not the actress,

icans can see American life reflected; "One critic sald that life In the
| through American plays by means of | Brooke household in our play is too
American players, We may be in! M4ngufd and easygoing. There was not
‘darkest Twenty-seventh street,’ as one €nough doing to satisfy him, There
of our visitors described our physical W4S not enough action, Well, I rather

| location,” Mr. Davenport said in con-! fancy that life in the average house- |

| clusion, “but even so, we are still in| hold is rather languid and easygoing.
| x
1
jin some light for the con¥truction of | 80t to be more or less easygoing. There

jan American playhouse, in which our; 4ren't any scary Ydoking individuals
people can play in.Amer:can plays and | looking around for secret papers in the
| See themselves and their friends played | average household. Life is rather
; by American players”

| ees

~ -—- ‘ quite sure, io
THE ARTIST AS CRITIC. | “The critics have helped me many
J alipomeskae |times. Once I had to play an adven-

Laurette Taylor Refuses to Stten | [ress and b wore a black wig and long

Wack earrings, <A _ critic

to “Her ‘Last. z A critic pointed out
Laurette Taylor, who makes a good | T had never thought of that, strange to

after dinner speech on occasion and! say. I had unconsctously accepted the

who recently qualified as a letter! popular tradition that all adventur- !

writer of originality, made her debut , esses are passionate brunettes. I very
as a university instructor Monday af- often accept their advice when my in-
ternoon when she delivered a talk om |telligence and judgment tell me that
“Dramatic Criticism” before the senior |they are right, but if we actresses
class at the Columbia Schoo] of Jour- | failed to do everything they tell us not

nalism. She spoke for exactly one hour | to do we wouldn't have any act left. |

and a half, using only a few notes, and| We'd have to retire permanently from
even J, Hartley Manners, her husband | the stage.

and personal playwright, confessed; “Don't grow up to be critica unless
| when it was all over that she had quite | You have to be. It's better to be a cre-
amazed him. . ;otor than a dissector. Some of these

A little more than a week ago Dean | criticisms have been written by young |

Talcott Williams took all the members |™en and women who seem fo pour out
of the senior class to the Globe The-| their whole souls into what they write.
They are too emotional to be fair
critics. It would be a shame for them
or for any one to be a critic when he
might be a poet.”

j heart individmal talk with each of the
;class members who had written criti-
jcisms of her. She took each one in
jturn, and no one seemed to mind her
| frankness because every one joined in
| having a jolly time around a steaming
| teapot when it was all over.

ANOTHER COMPTON HERE.

A Member of the Distingaltshed
| Stage Family in New York,
Playing in Gertrude Kingston's
; company at the Maxine Elliott Thea-
: ° ;
{tre is a pretty young actress with
{bright red hair and a hyphenated
'
| name that indicates the famous old
stage family from which she is de-
seended. She is Nell Compton-Mac-
kenzie, the daughter of the English
actor, Edward Compton, “who thirty
| Years ago founded the Compton Com-
Pedy Company.
| “My sister, Fay Compton,” = said
| Miss Compton-Mackenzie, “who came
}to America in ‘To-night's the Night,’
jis now H. B. Irving's leading lady in
| London. The novelist, Compton-Mae-
| kenzie, whose books, notably ‘Cor-
naval’ and ‘Sinister Street,’ have en-
| Joyed such popularity in this country
jas well as in England, is just now as-
j sistant military attache to the British
{Embassy at Athens . am proud to
|} be able to claim him as my brother.
{| Mother is an American, a daughter of
‘the well known ‘Colonel’ Bateman,
who was connected with theatrical en-
terprises in this country many years
|ago, and was the first manager to
; present Sir Henry Irving to the Eng-

 

1910 T studied acting in Paris with
Mme. VFayolle-Faslis of the Comedie
| Francaise, My first parts were in my
‘father’s company, playing first small

 

season at the Coronet Theatre in Leon-
don in T. W. Robertson's old, com-

on a tour of India, the Malay Statcs,
China and Japan, and during that

rr et

uw “LITTLE LADY

 

from Maggie Wutlie in ‘What Every
Woman Knows’ to Zoe in ‘Baby Mine.’

the war!) was when we were playing
‘Charley's Aunt’ at a town named
atre to see Miss Taylor in Mr. Man-! Tientsin before a German audience.
ners's play “The Harp of Life,” and The programmes were printed in Ger-
then had them write critical reviews of | man, though we played in English.
her performance and of the play.| However, the audience seemed to en-
These he turned over to Miss Taylor] joy our rendering of it immensely.
with the suggestion that’ she make! While going from*Allahabad to Luck-
critical comments on them, deliver) now, we missed the train at the junc-
these verbally to the class and preface

that he had met a few wicked blondes.,

|
|
{
|

'
|

America, and mentally we mean to let | If You're going to depict life, you've |

|
|

| drawly in your home and mine, I'm |

|

 

| And then Miss Taylor had a heart to}

\

lish public. Kate Bateman, the fa-
‘mous English tragedienne, is mother's |
_ sister

| ‘Hefore T svent oy the stage in

bits and then later such leading roles |
as Lady Teazle, Kate Hardcastle and)
Lydia Lanqguish. After this L had a}

|

8

a ———

S WEEK WITHOUT FAIL

A PLAY A WEEK HERE.

GARRICK—“Le Marchand de
Bonheur,” three act comedy py
Henry Kistenmaeckers, with Ed-
gar Becman, will be presented by
the Theatre Francais company.
“Le Monde ou Il’on s’ennuie”’
will be given at the Friday liter-
ary matinee. Mme. Simone A.
Puget will lecture this evening
on Viscount Robert d’Humieres
and Ernest Pscichari.”’

IRVING PLAGE—The German
repertory company will present
“Kasernenluft” (In the Bar-
racks) as the novelty of the week
beginning Wednesday evening,
‘“‘Mile. Nitouche’ Monday eve-
ning; “Die Wildente,” Isben’s
“Wild Duck,” Tuesday evening;
“Die Quitzows” Saturday mati-
nee,

STANDARD — “Seven
Chances,’ David Belasco’s pro-
duction from the Cohan and Be-
lasco theatres this season, with
Frank Craven, Carroll McComas,
Anne Meredith, Beverly West,
Haywood Ginn, John Butler and
others of the original cast.

BRONX OPERA HOUSE—
“His Majesty Bunker Began,” the
comedy from Harry Leon Wil-
son’s story, from its runs in Man-
hattan and Chicago, with Taylor
Holmes, comes to the Bronx with
the original Astor Theatre cast
for a week's stay.

YORKVILLE — “Sadie From
Riverside Drive,” Adolph Phil-
ip’s musical piece, with Mizi Gizi.

LEXINGTON —— “Mutt and
Jeff's Wedding,” Gus Hill’s play
from Bud Fisher’s cartoon, wiil
be the attraction.

 

; tion and the entire company had to

sleep on the platform while waiting
for another train to come through.
When we finally arvived at Lucknow
we found our baggage had gone astray,
so we were forced to play “The Mol-
luse’ in our travelling clothes. Fortu-
nately laundrymen are many and
speedy in the East; so at least we
women had clean frocks and the men
of the company had clean white suits,
which are always worn by men itn
those countriee

“After another season in London I
was engaged by Mr. Brady to come to

 

    
 

aa Gee
EDITH DAY
WY FOLLOW ME".

BY UNDERWOOD & UNOERWOOD

'edies and another in the late Edward| America and appear in ‘The Elder Son.’
Terry's company, After that T went.Following this engagement I was

with Elsie Ferguson in ‘An Outeast’
and played Nerissa to her Portia in

time I played every part imaginable| Sir Herbert Tree's production of the

‘Merohant of Venice.’ Viaving with
Mise Kingston at the Neighborhood

IN BLUE “ } “An interesting experience during | Playhouse was one of the happiest
this tour (please note this was befare,; experiences of my life. No one minds

the long journey to Grand street when

it the end of it there ts the charming
little theatre and the warm hearted
audience, This is the first time I have
ever played one of Bernard Shaw's
plays, and | } e great fun doing

Claire in ‘Great Catherine’ after so
completely different a part as the
Princess in the JInca of Perusalem.’

these remarks with a lecture on dra- OSS

matic criticism in general, The actress
took the opportunity to reply to some
of the criticisms aimed at herself and

THE WEEK’S NOVELTIES.

Theg first performance in America of “The Wanderer,” which

 

the play not only by the amateur | was originally announced for last Tuesday evening, is now to take

critics at the school but also by the | place to-morrow at the Manhattan Opera House, lhe play is from the

regularly gstablished members of the | pen of Maurice V. Samuels and founded on ‘Der Verloren Sohn,” by

craft Wilhelm Schmittbonn. The scenes are laid in Jerusalem and the Holy
“A critic must first be human and | Land about 1,000 years before Christ.

then humane,” said Miss Taylor, “He

The producers, William Elliott, F. Ray Comstock and Morris Gest,

must have a heart as well as a mind, | have assembled a distinguished cast, which includes Nance O'Neil,
He must not despise sentiment. <Only | Florence Reed, Beverly Sitgreaves, Janet Dunbar, Clara Blandick and
the very young should We permitted | Harda Daube. James O'Neill, William H, Thompson, Charles Dalton,
that pose, for tlt is what it is. I'm | William Elliott, Lionel Braham, Pedro de Cordoba, Macey Harlam,
a sentimentalist and I'm-proud of it. | Frederick Lewis, Sidney Herbert, Krederick Burton, Stephen Wright,
Mr. Manners is one too, and I'm glad | Sydney ‘Mather, Henry Duggan, Walter Gibbs, Edward Mart yn, John
of that, The playwright and the actor | Morrissey, Ernest Cove and Sofia arty, premier danseuse of the Royal
make an appeaf to the great multitude Opera, Copenhagen, who makes her first appearance in America, More

cf people who live by their hearts and | than 200 others are in the cast.
through their senses, and to properly
appreciate what they are trying to do

 

For Monday afternoon the Stage Society has arranged a perform-

the critics should be feeling beings and ance of a new war play by Arturo Giovanitti called ‘As It Was in the

not mere intellectual machines. Of
course none of them are really the lat-
ter, but some of them try to make it
appear as if they were,

“One critic said that when I depicted
mild grief | blew my nose and that
when it Was presumed to be more in-
tense | gave utterance to a bronchial
wheeze I plead guilty 1. do these
| things, but Ido them because people in
real life do them. I know because I
have seen them, Every person who is

Beginning” at the Gaiety Theatre.

“dwin Denison as stage manager.

This is a first play of a new author

who has become famous already ag a labor leader and a poet. It was
originally written in English and translated into Italian for a produc-
tion at the People’s Theatre in the Bowery. Given there with the
assistance of Mme. Aguglia in the leading woman's part, the play
created such a sensation that it had to be repeated and people were
“/turned away from the doors. There is no propaganda about Mr,
Giovanitti’s work in the ordinary sense of the word. His object is
rather to describe the terrific effect of the war on the spirit of all the
fighting nations. The Stage Society uses the original English text
and the play will bé produced under the direction of Edith Ellis, with

An interesting feature of the pro-

| passing through an emotional crisis duction will be a stage setting by Mrs. Harry Payne Whitney, who will

and who seeks to restrain his or her

lhronchial wheeze, There is a sudden

make her first bow in this play to a Broadway audience as a sta

|
| Wee lings a little does give vent to a | \rehitect and decorator, The time of the play is the present and the

intuking of the breath that makes the
| whole breathing process tremendously
j difficult, There is a feeling of allgone-

scene is laid in the Argonne. German troops enter a French country
town and things happen rather as they have already happened at
Dinant and Louvain. Among the actors who have given their services
‘or the production are Adrienne Morrison, Gertrude Berkeley, Mary

j Hess in the chest that results in a noise | Rehan, Thomas Wise, Robert Conness, Edward Ellis, William Ray-

precisely like a wheeze when the per-

son tries to talk, LT know that this is and others.

not the traditional method of Biving |\ , fF

ai y

mond, Charles*Fleming, John Sainpolis, Tracy Barrow, Louis le Bey

 

 

Pa
f
ee
i
rf
oe
‘ in
ay
ie
i
if
ean.
iF
*
at
i
i
i¢
i
ea:

9
*
B

   

Leip hag att naar, BES

 

 

at

TRO cae