' the at

everes *s

 

 

 

ae erm er

      
        
    
       
 

tte, ©.

(Ss

 

An ulster of biscuit gabardine with brass buttons and a straight frock of putty colored gabardine |
|

' By ELEANOR HOYT BRAINERD.

: three piece ¢

Iways With us and the sepa-

A hi

ustume we have |

f~fANE Vy vo HM

/

with steel beads and buttons.

|

rate blouse, sentenced to death
regular by fashion prophets, rises
blithely from its ashes season after
jeason. New types of blouse appear. {

muterials give way to Geor-

Lingerie

fette crepe and chiffon; Georgette and
thiffen find a rival in satin, Peplum
ind smock, short sleeve and long,

mquare neck and V shaped neck, come
ind go; but the separate blouse stays.

During recent seasons, however, the
one piece frock has assumed more and
more prominence in the fashionable
wardrobe, It has not ousted the blouse,
but it has usurped some of its privi-
exes; and this winter the charm of the
separate coats has tempted more

are approximately straight in outline, |
the chemise frock and its variations
still retaining their hold upon the}
popular fancy, but into the imported
models is creeping a trifle more of
curve and some of these models come
out very definitely in favor of the |
barrel silhouette.

Some of them, too, rob this silhouette

| of the ugliness it displays under less |

women than ever to substitute the one |

piece frock and top coat for the usual
jhree piece street costume, while one
afternoon frocks are the
er than the exception
The new models brought forth by
rival of the Southern season in-
that the situation will remain
same throughout the spring.
weather always brings new en-
m over blouses; but spring and
the seasons par excellence

 

dicate

Wa

m

iutumn

thy

are
.t designers are offering an in-
sting collection of such models,
t cabardine and the various
twill stuffs are the woollens
chosen, though here and there
finds a frock in duvetyn, suede
kindred woollen stuff, lovely
and eolor but of course less
than the fabrics of harder

soft tine

Cloth or

e
t

I ical

tin one piece frock so popular |

t? winter shown also in new
it is less in evidence than the

crepe meteor, crepe

is

crey

charmeuse and all the varia- |letage very pronounced,

ise
{ n th lovely materials.
s those we
Ver

he new iT

the always popular navy

1} Trig it,
‘ frovks

in the

lls come a host of one piece frocks }evening models do not ma

one plece ‘k of serge, &c., |
he ioe Sock OF New : | wearied of the idea which she adopted

|

always a leader for pur-! have ch
are discussing | tle Empire evening frock in delicate

beautiful blues are of- | orchid tulle, smoky gray tulle end’
saterials, soldier blue, | silver that is a most delectable af- |
lie and xome of the bright; fair; but how much the Empire move- |

» tones being presented @s a;

Hut along with the blue | frock if the frock is but lovely
Southern | own particular way, and a few period |

rule | frankly drawn into a narrow
|

skilful handling. Bulloz has a dark
blue serge one piece frock that, curv-
ing a trifle to a rather high waist, |
widens very gradually to where, at}
its widest point, just above the knee,
it falls into soft side drapery folds.
The back falls almost straight, the
front curves loosely but clingingly to |
the waist and falls flatly below, and |
though the outline is as narrow at,
foot as at hips and is widest at the
knee it is distinctly graceful and sug-
gests no fantastic exaggeration.

For the full and wideming skirt top
lower |
section below the knee one cannot say
as much, So far it is unbeautiful in
every expression, What the spring
will do with this tonneau idea it will,
interesting to see; but while the
straight and semi-straight outlines
will undoubtedly be wearable all
through the coming season, it is
plainly to be seen that Paris has

be

enthusiastically when we were only |
coquetting with it, and is restlessly
feeling about for a silhouette that wil!
persuadé the sheeplike feminine flock

lto put aside all their old clothes and |

buy new ones. ‘

One hears, as one heard last fail,
talk about Empire lines and some of
the most authoritative houses are
sending out sothe beautiful evening
frocks built up on First Empire lines,
the bodice almost a negligible quan-
tity, the skirt Ine clinging, the decol-
In some of
wonderful new silks tnese frocks
arm, and we have seen one lit-

the

ment means remains to be seen,
Any period will do for an evening
in its |

ke a mode. |

the belge tones and the countless} Phe flaring skirt crinoline type of |

mut from belge

running up and down the color} ev

ening dress haw of course been done

to the point of monotony; and the!

Nover before were there so many | Moyen Age and Renaissance, while |

itifnal
colovin
wit

brown? All of the

fuvorites
down to the pronouneed taupe shad-
Inge, and in among them are
fublleties a hint more of pink or of

tones jn these soft, neutral! picturesquely beautiful, have proved |
. in the light browns dashed | adaptable with complete success only

or are they gray dashed} to long, trailing effects and so have |
famillar | not been very satisfactory for the all |
are there from ecru and twine | around eventing or dance frock, |

 

Anything more hopeless than the

new {average short skirted moyen age eve-

ning’ frock to which we have been

Violet or of green or of yellow in the | treated it would be hard to conceive a“
color, and one has something to whose | dropped waist, straight, short lines, |
diffevence it Is hard to give a name, | square neck, no sleeve, a general air of

 

 

the the manufacturers often find| having been chopped out rather than |
4pt names for their fine gradations of | cut, and all this on the average wom-
color an’s figure! Well, we might do worse
*Neutrality” in smoky gray brown Is|than turn to the First Empire for re-
# lo oller thing than tt seems in some | lief.
of iy political phases and there is a But of evening frocks at another
hew thushroom tone that is a delight-| time. We were talking of the new one
fi! rlude ‘twixt ight and dark and | piece frocks,
m ip into very ehie one plece Almont all of these new modela dis-
tr pleasantly Nght tn eolor, yet} play a bit of embroidery, not very
' y to show eoll readily-—an ad- | intricate or gorgeous embroidery as a
mi colo for the travelling frock | rul, but seemingly inevitable and
ort avel ‘cont, f { #iviny just the slight touch of individ-
A U0 af Us po tees frocks }ognty just the retiet from @ severity,
5 A PA Age Pi a Myte viens

ems

ie 19

ye ey ¥

te na i 4 al § ft 4
nib date! Sapo mM latin as

be di b ”

 

 

 

 

that such a frock needs. Some of the
makers are still loyal to beads and to
metallic effects

Beads have been rdone

manufacturers of cheap
cleverly

clothes, yet,
have merit, and

color serge or
broidery of steel
ver. Some of

{charmingly relieved by delicate

designs in old blue or in old red

of the prettiest

An embroidered sports coat, two jersey sports suits, one of

ready to wear
they sta

there are some good

used,

| models in light gray, brown and putty

gxabardine
beads or
the

With em-
of dull s

beige tones are
tracery
One

litle one piece seree

| frocks shown by a well known im-
| porter is in soft befge with a little deep

PIECE FROCKS A STUDY

 

 

     

‘THE SUN, SUNDAY,

   

  

Oo

JANUARY 28,

1917.

a ns pn ee ee

 

IN. SOFT

 

 

A Bit of Distinctive Embroidery Used in Most of the New Models to Give;
the ‘Touch of Individuality—Beautiful Blues Also Provided for

Spring Wear—Good Looking Coats for Winter Resort Use |

old blue embroidery and small shield, per section above a low waist line,| that is new they are always charming! organdy and other musiins and in |

shaped enamel buttons of
belgwe tone for Its trimmings, and the

same house shows a delightful Httle| is merely a very simple darning stitch | kind.
model In light gray of warm, soft tone | closely massed, but it is very success-

enybroidered in silver and brick red,

|
This “bisque" shade, by the way, is} the embroidery in two tones, a green
insistent among the imported things, | tay and old red, so interwoven that |

both as a relieving mode and as color

for fabric, and the moroccan red is
“ulso) considerably featured. Warmer
and less becoming colors for hot

weather
magine, but they ‘have decorative
value and enter admirably into some
trimming schemes.

That embroidery is to have continued
popularity seems an established fact,
and its forms so far are much like
those of the winter season—fine
traceries, the delicate but effective
Callot stitch and similar effects being
preferred

frequently introduced, though these too

are usually worked in the sketchy
stitches.
, The Chinese blues and greens are

popular embroidery tones, and indeed
Chinese effects in general are well
liked. Tit SuN gave sketches of some
models showing Chinese influence last

Sunday, but where one model shows
this influence in outline a hundred
show it in slight details, such as the

use of Chinese colorings and designs
for embroideries and the introduction
of Chinese tassels or copies of such
‘tassels upon girdles, pockets, collars
lor wherever the designer thinks they
would be effective.

While the new embroideries are, as | dainty high necked guimpes and stock |

| has been said, usually sketchy rather

than careful and elaborate, a good deal aeckwear departments.

of the embroidery is sometimes used.

 

 

PORTS clothes again!

ficult not to refer to them when
talks of new models, for
turns shopping
confromted

S

wherever

one

one on a

tour one = is by them

Sports coats, sweaters, sports

| sports frocks, sports costumes, sports

hats, sports hosiery—the shops are
Ffull of them.
| And they are not, on the whole

retiring models, shrink-

On

modest and

from notice. the
they jump at the eye.
fact, commit assault
the and their

longs among the crimes,

ing

and battery

offence

in
'

be-

; upon eye

to admiration is aggressiveness, loud-
ness, , offensive,

the designers, in this day of sports

it is vastly and

clothes enthusiasm, give us much of | and

that sort of thing. It may be right
that a sports costume should be gay,

 

AWhere a sports costume’s omly claims

darker| save for the sleeves,

, of

} th
wear it would be difficult to:

to heavier arrangements. |
hold colorings and motifs are, however, |

SPORTS CLO

is solidly em-|and seem to be favorites for sheer
broidered. To be sure, the embroidery | light frocks of a simple and imformal
but this idea is rather outworn, and
perhaps the prettiest of the. models
have, aside from their fine tucks and

ful. The frock is of soft black satin,

 

Lines | m
dome in fine white thread and intricate

they give a changeable effect.
black satin without embroidery
finish the neck and the sleeves aro of | but very delicate design.
e satin unadorned. | Satin is combined with the Georgette
Massing of this easily worked long! in many of these white and pink frocks
stitch embroidery occurs upon other} and occasionally such a model is
frocks too. One very pretty dark) trimmed in inset filet or frills of Va-
brown serge has the greater part of its| lenciennes, but the untrimmed model@
straight long waisted bodice covered | if exquisitely designed and made have
by embroidery of amber colored ailk in|; much more distinction than those that
Callot stitch, and a powder blue serge }are elaborately trimmed.
is cobwebbed from shoulder to high} Delicate gray Georgette made up in
girdle line in gray tracery. en similar to that. of. the white
| Plaitings of all kinds are liberally | and pink models is very smart, as is
| used in the latest one piece frocks, and| belge and indeed any modish light
the narrow girdle encircling the frock | tone; and simple frocks of crepe de
twice and knotting low at front, side| chine are also distinctly in the mode.
or back is still liked. Apparently this material ie to be
This narrow girdle often is run greatly used, or at least the manufac-
through big disks or squares of em- | turers believe that it will be greatly
broidery at the sides of the frock or| used, and it has been made in an
starts from beneath the edges of a big | amazing variety of lovely colorings
embroidery motif or a plain front sec- | and in beautiful qualities,
tion, runs around to the back, crosses One fashionable New York dress-
jand is brought back to knot low in} making house is making up quantities
front. of crepe de chine frocks in light, soft
Square necks, usually finished by) colorings, with absolutely no im-
collars rolling away from their sides| mings save picot edging, and defind.
ond around the back, are particularly | ing entirely upon charm of fabric and
jemphasized, though the shallow oval grace of line for their success. More
jor round neck front is also used, and| likable little frocks’ for inf al af-
} the V shape is by no means discarded. ternoon or evening wear one could not
Few actually high neck models are to| desire, but their elmplicity is of the
j be seen, though there are plenty ot/ sort that spells artistry and expense.
Of cotton frocks there is as yet lit-
tle to be said. The designers for the
Southern season have, confined them-
| Selves chiefly to silks and serges, with

 

 

 

collars In net and lace offered in the

 

Quantities of straight one piece

One French designer has sent over a| frocks in white or pale pink Georgette| Georgette or chiffon’ or Jace or tulle
straight chemise robe of the familiar / are in every collection of Southern | for sheer etuffe; and though here and
loosely girdled sort whose entire up- | models, and though they offer little'there one finds smart hew models in

 

 

 

 

THES GAY. SMA

It is dif-) copy of the model may not be as de-; coat more variety greets the eye. The
| sirable as the original, but at least a

manufacturers of sports silks have

study of such originals may save one} made heroic efforts this season and
from making sud mistakes in selec- | much of the effort has been crowned
| tion, | with success,
| Of sweaters there is little that is| Sports satins, launched last season,

skirts, |

contrary |

Some of them, |

heerful, but it needn't be, positively
i ribald, and gayety is not enough un-

s some beauty goes hand hand
wit t The crude coloring f may
sports materials, the cheaply spectac-
thir shoddiness of many of the new
models conjure up appalling visions
of a summer season to Some, bit
luckily along with the horrors are
numerable attractive thing

The best of these attractive nodel

omins aus they do from high Class de- |
signers, are expensive, but the leas
they represent are free to ever ob-
serving woman without any expemse

attached, and it is the idea that counts |

originality and chic Perhaps a

homespun and one of plain and checked pongcee.

| knitted wool models in light or bright

new. Perhaps the latest thing is the} bid fair to be popularized this season,
slip over silk sweater, without sleeves, | und even those women who cannot
slipping on over the head, cut moder- | bring themselves to consider satin ap-
ately low at the neck and of what- | propriate for sports wear must needs
ever length the wearer prefers. Worn | admit that it 1s effective and beautiful
over summer frocks the garment has | for summer costumes that are to be
pleturesque possibilities, though on | worn as nine-tenths of the sports cos-
the practical side it does not appeal. ;tumes are worn now, merely as sub-
The slip over idea has found much stitutes for the muslin daytime frocks
popularity during the winter and/of earlier summers, If a sports cos-
pretty expressions of it occur in all}tume is to go no nearer actual ath-
kinds of light weight sweaters, the
veranda there's no need for it to be
tremendously practical. Beauty
smartness are its excuses for being.

color often having becoming collars of
fuzzy white angora, cuffs of the an-
gora and white wool balls or tassels
on the girdle ends.

Silk sweaters appeur in new weaves
or stitches and new color combinations
in all sorts of block checks
plaids and stripes as well as in plain
colors. A good deal is done with black
and white in and in block
checks; and where the whole sweater
in design often has u

rder, collar and cuffs of large check

black and whites

When one passes from the province
of the tu that the sports

sports skirts are undenlably lovely, and
there are beautiful shades among the

stripes

is not such

it

eweiat of

    
 

ec!

White or fthrured skirts
than for whole costumes,

Other highly lustrous sports silks
of new weave are offered—-Riviera,
| Which looks like silk momie cloth;
| Brighton, which has @ close basket
t weave; shimmer cloth, which is lus-
} trous as satin but shows an almost im-
| perceptible cord, and several others.
\ Then there is the Khaki Kool, which is
| being vigorously exploited at the mo-
}ment and in some of its phases is de-

more often

Some are white bead trimmed, | delicate
; connection with

 

RT AND OFT

letic sport than country club or coed

The white sports satin skirt and|shade for a so-called sports costume
coat suits and the separate white satin |

bright colored sports satins whiqh are |
used for separate sports coats over,

lliehtful, though the designs of large
futuristic figures on white or natural | made up in soft fuzzy homespun weave |

linen, they are comparatively few. |
Dainty organdies display the same
embroideries mentioned in |

Georgette and are)
| othorwise self-trimmed. Occasionally |

one finds an orgundy frock in which |

yellow and old blue, &c. Tf the thing |
is done well it results in piquant
charm, but it must be done consum-
mately well.

Cleverly designed French models
combine crepe or other silk with
lingerie stuffs, the silk, let us say, in
|gold color making the skirt, the ex-
| quisitely embroidered batiste or linon
torming a loose little surcoat with big
draped collar and cuffs of the sil!<,

Jersey is used not only for sports
purposes but for the general utility
frock too, taking the place of serge or
gabardine in some of the one piece
models for street wear and morning
wear. In ita finest weaves it is a
fabric of many merits, and though it
does stretch in a rather distressing
fashion it takes beautiful color tones
and has a wonderful clinging supple-
ness,

The frocks made from it are of great

 

simplicity, somo of the best belug of }
Loe simplest cHemise robe sort, loosely |

girdled and trimined only by embroid-
| ered motifs. The extraordinary soft-
|ness of the material makes such a
‘robe in spite of its loose cut con-
form more to the curves and lines of
a figure than does the straight frock
of serge, and if the figure is what it
should be the jersey frock is very he-
| coming. If not well worn serge is a
safer thing.

Jersey in the soft gray tones ts par-
ticularly favored by the frock design-
ers, though beige and gold and blue

jana rose, and even whites, are used.
-In the darker shades the material is

 

i

tone grounds have already grown tire-
some, There are some very attractive
border designs in this Khaki Kool and
in the various rough Oriental silks, but
{nerhaps the best looking costumes in
| Such silks are made from the one tone
| colorings with skirt and coat contrast-
jing, or in gay one tone coats over

{skirts of stripe in two tones, the gay- ,

jest tone plaited under.
} Entire costumes in oyster white or
{the natural string color are particu-
larly good looking if cleverly designed
and made, and such
note of gay color left to accompanying
hat and parasol are quite as impres-
sive in a summer crowd as are the
more hectic creations.

One designer is using the rough

and/tussor or Khaki Kool in oyster white

or natural tone with satin of the same

that is one of the most attractive
things of the kind the southern season

{has called forth from a New York
atelier.
The jersey silks are still greatly

wi

A\\\

any relieving notes
A good deal is done with white serge

skirts topped by sports coats «t
colored woollen stuff, lightweight
velours de laine, chamoisette, home.
spun, &e¢., and some of these costumes
thave much cachet. Velours de laine
| or some similar velvet finish cloth

stamped in inch squares so that the
block check design is alternately vel-
vetliike and pressed, make very good
coats in bright color and a coat of
such cloth in purple of soft grayish
}tone or in clear blue over a white
| skirt looks extremely well.

| Apropos that clear, bright
that for all its brightness is very soft
and without crudity, some charming
motor coats and big sports capes at

 

 

“

one finds good

lafter the approved fashion.

| similar cloth-
a suit with the

| lined
| collared with creamy gray cloth.

used and are ff ed with
other material, as ia t fine wool
jersey cloths One good model has

full loosely belted coat of green und
white stripe silk jersey collared in
rough white tusser and worn over a
Pilaited skirt of w ® tussor sti d
In Many rows of green

White serge id whi gabardine,
is Usual, enter into the sports clothes
programme Coat and skirt costumes
of such miterials are built upon lines
familiar in the sports suits of the}
winter, One imported model has but-
ton balls of ft white wool and a
little embroidery in white wool for
trimming, Dut most of the white serge
sults shown are plainly tailored with
perhaps white satin for collars and

blue |

7

 

NEUTRAL SHADES

less often chosen for frocks, though
looking suits in the
heavier jersey cloths of compcratively

dark heather mixtures and some plain

dark colors,

A pretty new jersey frock In very
soft rather light gray is of pipestem
plainness and straightness, yet con-
tinues to be a garment of gracious if
slight curves, It ts trimmed only by
u little embroidery, in fine Hines of
Versian colors around tho collarless,
shallow oval of the neck, down the
skirt side over the hips, at the wrists
and on the ends of the narrow girdle,

plaitings and shirrings, &c., no trim- | two colors are deftly combined, peri- | but it has an air of smoothness that
ing save a little cabinet embroidery | winkle blue and pale orchid, lemon | many a more pretentious model misses,

Heavy coats will be worn over the
one piece frocks for several months
yet in this climate, but conts for
warmer climates have appeured with
the frocks und suits for those same
warm climates, and the new coats are
as attractive as the top coats of the
winter, which is saying a good deal,

They follow more or less closely the
ideas developed in those winter coats
with an original detail introduced in
one way or another, but the materials
are of lighter weight and one sees more
homespun and serge and gabardine and
various twills than in the winter ehow-
ing. The velours de laine of the
winter and its kindred velvety or
mossy surfaced woollens are not dis-
carded by the coat makers, but Ma-
terials of similar finish but of Ighter
weight replace the heaviest of them
and, as we have said, other woollens
are popular, as are some of the silks,

Remarkably good looking coats for
travel and motor wear are made up in
serge or twill of the light brown and
xray brown tones from beige and putty
down through tedium shades to the
dark taupe and trench, &c, These coats
are loose, umple, straight lined, usually
girdled, collared hugely and closed
quite to the throat when the collar is
drawn up and draped about the neck
Many of
the models have uw military air without
having any definite military feature,
and as they shed dust readily and do
not show eusiiy the dust they do not
shed they are admirable for traveller
and motor woman.

 

 

 

PRACTICAL

1of this color and succeed in being gay

without being conspicuous, One huge
cape, beautifully cut and tailored, was
of this blue cloth and lined through-
out with white serge, the white serge
also forming the huge collar; and a
very knowing looking sporte costume
of this same blue cloth has a big col-
lar of white rough Iinen that Is re-
movable and fastens with big white
buttons.

There is a beautiful violet purple in
purple with a soft gray-
ish: bloom—-and this has been used for
a likable, big, coverall sports coat,
with gray silk and faced and

Gray, which has never been par-

  
  

ports clothes,

 

 

ticularly ass it
must be taken inte i nt thie sea-
son, Gray wool popular for
sports froc Sp iiie, &e., and one
finds varlous gr and woollens
made up for spor rooses. Usually
they have some color note,
though often ons ch and gray or
black and white ised for rellef.

One sult that shown in all of the
best Avenue | es has a skirt of
plaid wool in b ay and white, a
long, } cout of gray jersey bor-
dered, faced at collared in the plaid
nd; va aistecoat

mY a tweeds, whieh show
\ her mix With brighter glints
of color { ip admirably for
netua 1 t ind there ts a long

a ( homespun weaves in goft,
bright colors that offer both utility
und modisiiness, ¢ » of the new coat
models, rather ! full and stralght
nt nal 3 od in front, fs of
such mate in | d and ts bor-
dered by ine n of embroidery
n tine dull silver or ris

 

Hair On Face

DeMiracle_

BReancves it, Werks equally
removing hair {rem ueok, arms, ender
arme or Iimbe.

   
     

|

 

    
 

pies a8

REE aes