sinanraeriiliiiibaiaiaiiacll 5 _____| THE SUN, SUNDAY, JANUARY 28, 1917, | 3

—— ee —— See me

 

 

 

 

HIS FIFTY-EIGHTH BIRTHDAY OMINOUS ONE FOR KAISER

Eagles for First Time in Centuries His Dream of Easy Victory Shattered, He Faces Ever.
Have Abandoned Eeries on Heights Growing Circle of Enemies Without and Perils of
Around Hohenzollern Castle Discontent Bred of Want Within Empire

By F. CUNLIFFE-OWEN. in their power and as speedily as pos- | Kaiser giving any heed to the appeals | one of them not his vassals but his| who have most right to regard their

MPEROR WILLIAM celebrated) Sivle the most favorable terms of to his unselfishness and to his patriot. allies and equals, he being merely pri- | Sovereignty as semi-sacred in its char-
hin fitty-cighth birthday yea. peace from the Powers orf the Entente.

; The result of this condition of affairs

terday. Until the beginning of ‘« that the Kaiser's allies are showing
the war the anniversary was an ocou- ®% dispositicn to abandon him. This has
sion of festivity at court and of holi- b’te especially marked in the case o,

Austria-Hungary since the accession
Gay @ ational rejoicing or A LS :
jay and n n ejoicing on the part | o¢ young Emperor Charles to the

of his people. With all his faults they | throne.
had much for which to be thankful. He has dismissed from office as For-

‘ eig¢ iniste yi , F

For despite his sabre rattling and! °!€" Minister Baroy von Burian in
eruisequence of his subserviency to dic-

bellicose menaces he had given them) titten from Berlin; has elevated to the

more than a quarter of a century of highest honors his own politicakmentor |

peace and of unparalleled and phe- and chief confidential counsellor, Prince

4 te » ”
nomenal prosperity, Berchtoid, who two years ago resigned

the Chancellorship because he favored
The contrast between those birth- | eye. then a separate peace for hase

uays and the one which was celebrated | tria-Hingary with the Powers of the |
yesterday must have been to him little | WAtente and declined to submit to Em- |
‘ . pero F ‘s ¢ . t

short of appalling. The prosperity of Peer William's authority, and he has

set his supplanted the Ministers of the late
the nation subject to his rule has van-) reign with statesm a who favor A sep-
ished, according to all appearances, for arate peace and who have manifested
cenerations to come. All his people Sturdy independcnce with regard to

‘ Potsdam. N f ° Kz : ‘.

are plunged into mournirig for those 0 sdam Nearly all the Kaiser's rec
_ Ognized adherents at Vienna have been
who have perished in fighting at his ousted during the last few we:ks. while

command or who have suffered per- Cotnt Tissza, who has been acting ac-
manent disablement and mutilagion in| °ording to his bidding at Budapest, is
|in great disfavor with his own sov-
: _| ereign and is slated for early dismissal |

His lieges, confronted by econom:c | from the Premicrship of the Magyars.
ruin of the most chaotic order, have’ But this is by no means the most
moreover the feeling that they have| Ominous sign which confronted the

; Kaiser on his birthday yesterday. Ba-
. e om the bulk of the vee aoa
become alienated from Sete | Varia, Wurtemberg and others of the
remainder of mankind; that they have) non-prussian sovereign States of the

forfeited that good will and respect | German Empire—the so-called ‘“Muss-
which they formerly enjoyed abroad, Preuseen” (Must Prussian) States —
and that no matter what the stipula- show a very marked disposition to fol-

low the lead of the new regi in Aus-
tions of the treaties of the peace which d gzime in Aus- |

tria-Hungary.
will bring the war to a conclusion they No importance need be attached to

will be exposed for many decades to) the formal exchange of congratulatory
an unkindly discrimination not only by | Messages with the court of Berlin. |
the Governments but also by the peo-| These are more or less obligatory un-

: til the final break takes place. But
ple, and even individual citizens, Of | several of the Ministers of the Ba-

most foreign countries. varian Cabinet have resigned in public
The accountability for all this lies at eer against Prussian usurpation of
“ cans CEPA 4 authority in the kingdom, their action

the door of Emperor William; and if being welcomed by the Bavarian press
of every shade of political opinion with
soing periodically into a retreat of manifestations of appvoval. The Min-
several days at the Wartburg—-where isters who remain have been led there- |
Luther, whose quadricentennial takes, >Y to show much more stiffness in

. : ‘ | their attitude toward Prussia, while
. : ¢ s morable en- , 4
place this year, had his memor | most significant of all, the authorities

counter with the father of evil, hurl- at Munich have abstained from any
ing the historic inkstand at his head-~ | attempt to censor or to interfere in
for solitary meditation and for the pur- ye are oer with the circula-
a ; eS tion of a remarkably plain spoken
pose of communing with his Maker, peiitite:-whiok- has toe dintevuted
and with himself, then the burden of | jroadcast free of cost by the million!
responsibility must weigh so heavily | entitled “The Only Way Out.”
upon his shoulders as to crush him. | Its pages are devoted to proving that

True, there has been a disposition Germany's only practical course to|
: : | avert final ruin is to deprive the Ho-'!
with many, especially on the part of | ;

far too strongly imbued with the doc- | Curiously enough, the Kaiser has | Nicholas and the late and the present
trines of right of sovereignty by right imparted these extravagant notions of | ruler of Austria-Hungary, give least
divine, which are altogether out of right divine to his brother-in-law, expression thereto. If they retain
place where the reigning house of King Constantine of Greece, in whom | any belief about the matter they keep
Prussia is concerned, He has quite they are even more misplaced. Vor] it to themselves, displaying in this a
recently emphasized anew the views Constantine owes his throne not to any | tactful admission that doctrines of this
to which he gave such memorable ut- divine origin nor even to his own! kind are no longer in keeping with the
terance at Koenigsburg in 1910, when might but solely and entirely to the | democratic ideas of the world at large
he insisted that his sovereignty was fact that his father, a Danish sailor/in this twentieth century. The days
conferred upon him by the grace of | prince, was elected thereto in 1863 by | are long past since the time when the
God alone, and not by Parliament, the National Legislature at Athens, on] little Dauphin of France lay on his
meetings of the people or popular de- the nomination of Great Britain, France! death bed in the Valace of Vergailles
cisions. and Russia, who ever since-—-that is to|and responded to the exhortations of
He declared that he considered him- say, for more than half a century ‘his chaplain with the exclamation,
self the chosen instrument of heaven, | have been contributing between them | “But one thing consoles me, M. l'Abbe,
and was determined to perform his, a sum of some $80,000 a year to the} and that {s that up there, in the para
duties as its regent without heeding | civil list of the Hellenic rulers. dise of the stars, I shall still be the
the views or the popular opinions of That is to say, King Constantine {s| Dauphin. I know that the good God
the day. To expect a monarch who to this day in the pay of three of the|is my cousin and cannot fall to treat
regards his crown and his authority as | Powers of the Entente, whom he has | me according to my rank.”
derived from the Creator and‘his au- | betrayed by repeatedly breaking his| In conclusion, jt may be mentioned,
thority as of divine origin to abandon | most solemn engagements to them,| for the benefit of the superstitious,
his throne for the sake of the people, | defying in so doing the wishes and de-| that for the first time in long centuries

 

repeatedly expressed so much indif-| provisions of the constitution. He in-| that lofty spur of the Suabian Alps
ference and contempt, is altogether | sists that he is under no obligation} upon which the Castle ef Hohengol-
idle. - | to defer to the views of his|lern is perched, towering some thou-
| Now the only pretext that one can | subjects, since, like his brother-in-law | sands of feet above the surrounding
| possibly find for the medieval attribu- | the Kaiser, he is an instrument of| valleys, The original name of the
| tion of a sacred character to monarchy | Providence, and his sovereignty is| Castle of Hohenzollern wes Schwars
| is the fact that in certain of the older' of divine instead of popular origin.| Adlera Horst (the Eerle of the Black
| monarchical countries the coronation | These preposterous views of his were | Eagle), and edicts without number as-
of the ruler is associated. with cere- | no secret to his extremely levelheaded | sured the eagles who have made their
monies of religious consecration. He/| father, the late King George, who de- | home on these crags for 1,000 years or
is anointed with the holy oils. In| plored them, who predicted that they +=<ve from all harm and interference.
Russia the Czar is invested with cer- | would bring ruin and disaster upon { No one ever disturbed them, They
| tain sacerdotal attributes and preroga- | Greece and who more than once ex-| have been preserved and protected in
tives as not only the temporal but! pressed to friends his regret that he|the most rigorous fashion.

also the ecclesiastical head of the na- was unable to change the order of suc-| That they should at this juncture
tional church, while on the occasion cession to the throne in such a way as|have mysteriously deserted the cradle
of the coronation of the Kings of Eng- to eliminate his first born in favor of|of the Hohenzollerns is regarded
land they are solemnly imvested with one of his younger and more enlight-| throughout the length and breadth of
much religious ceremony with vest- ened sons. | Germany as an evil omen for the He-
iments that are entirely episcopal. It is worthy of note that the monarchs | henzollerns and for the Katser.

The same was the ease at Budapest sienna mo
when Emperor Charles was crowned

there as King of Hungary on the last CUR ING C CURVATURE OF THE

day but one of the year which has

just come to a close. Nor did the E i HE BI GUNS
Magyars consider him as entitled to SPIN IN

their allegiance until he had been duly ‘ , \ , if ij

crowned, anointed and consecrated. e [*: newest American dread- | the weapon if it did not cause a

his service.

 

 

 

 

 

ne still retains his former custom of

Now the rulers of Prussia have al- noughts are to be armed with | 8Taver disaster. Therefore, the ord-

; : : nance engineer must see that the path
ways insisted upon crowning them- 16 inch rifles, and the layman represented by the bore is as nearly a
selves instead of having the crown takes it as a matter of course that. straight line as it is mechanically and
placed upon their heads by any high thane . i + big-| physically possible to make ft.

Reet Tent ; ere these monster weapons are merely big- | |! }

ecclesiastical dignitary. They wished ‘ . It will be remembered that one of
‘to emphasize thereby the fact that | Ser brothers of the 14 inch gun. The the 12 inch gune of the batteshio
| they owed their sovereignty to their man in the street says: “The larger ygichigan was ruined some months ago
pais might oo — as etree Be 4/gun merely means so much more The whole chase or muzzleward por-
dynasty rather than to either the) jotat and increased proportions; if is. tion of the weapon was blown up. An

‘church or to the people. paar ; ;
ami 5 ” yestigat attributed the accident to
; Ba , a simple matter of expansion. investigation at
At Budapest the other day the the untimely bureting of a high ea

To ‘ Ir i ij . ‘ny 7 j 3 te
ho ay ean ee ane ad But this offhand conclusion is de plosive shell which was being fired;
isza, aS Palatine 0 1@ people ¢ cidedly at fault. The 16 inch gun is @ put among a good many ordnance ex-

rory  ¢ is > ‘or Ipin
Hungary, assisted the Cardinal Pri more exacting engineering problem, perts the belief persisted that the acci-
mate in placing the hallowed crown

 

 

 

 

! t
* : § j 7 ‘ . vas primarily due to a defect in
henzollerns of the imperial dignity and lof St. Stept . » BE .| than the 14 inch weapon, and juSt be- Gent was prima
) ery : ‘ ° i St. Stephen upon young Emperor ees Pere Wa Nat ore feat
those who formerly enjoyed his friend- | pPrussta of the supremacy in the Con- Emperor William of Germany, who celebrated his fifty-eighth birthday yesterday. Charles's head to show, in accordance | Cause of its greater length and girth ae sun, namely, that the weapon was
‘ i 1 ‘ . : he . U : ont. :
ship, to endeavor to excuse him on the | federation of the German Empire and ' ; with time honored custom, the fact |and weight it is a more difficult piece ge favmarr will “natura wonder
plea that his hand was forced by the | to reorganize the latter entirely under Joseph and the advent of the new generally acknowledged in all quarters,; was the principal obstacle to peace,; that the kings of the Magyars owed | to make precise in its action. The pow that ; ondé Ferd twelve inch piece
; ty at Berlin, and that he was { the presidency of the kings of Ba- reign at Vienna a great change has | and the sentiments of the other reign-| and that if he disappeared the allied their crowng not only to God but ae + tl tin er ee ge detarine d ae ertainty the weapon
war party a , Varia. Few are aware of the fact that come over the people of Austria-Hun- ing houses of Germany toward him) Powers would be willing to grant much, also to the people. The Prussian rulers ee epee er see oe se \ ee t lout tl : t . ‘ val gun fac-
its unwilling instrument in the inaug-! Bavaria is by treaty and by the con- gary and of southern Germany, Not! were publicly shown on the occasion more favorable conditions to France. | would not hear of any such concession to develop troublesome characterietics, vt oe te ( ! : Well if it
uration of the conflict, risking his titution entitied to the first place in| only do they openly and loudly clamor of the obsequies of Emperor Francis Cannot, the pamphlet asks, the to their people. They claimed to owe!and the ordnance engineer has his = Bee ee i i ae ht } A h ay
! by j p ; , ? v; ° os bent the w ) smc ' » hee
throne if he refused to yield to its de- | te ¢ onfederation in default of Prus- for immediate peace on the most |Joseph at Vienna, whem the King and Kaiser display a similar amount of! their crown to their own might. cunning heavily taxed in order to neu- jyaueht about. | Fie! uailonnOnehit
sia. This provision was made with a favorable terms gbtainable, but they Queen of Bavaria cut him dead and patriotism and unselfishness? Tt is As for Emperor William he has never f 3 = : i

e nd impartial con- . ‘ ‘ ralize nimize these inherent. s mbin \ shat might be de-
mands, But careful a pe view to the possibility of the Hohen- even declare themselves as favoring openly refused to exchange any kind he that is the chief obstacle to that been crowned at all much less an- tralize or to: minimize these inherent) sun, cambins \ : ;

 

  

sideration of the matter is calculated | zollern dynasty either becoming ex- the abandonment of the Kaiser and of of amenities or salutations or to take peace for which not only all Germany | ointed or consecrated. How then can. tendencies soprbed’as: the tatigue of the §Un melons
to dispel this illusion. ytinet in the male line or losing the the militarist junta at Berlin as the the slightest notice of him. but also her allies yearn. If he were he put forward pretensions to any sa- To begin with, the 16 inch gun, with- vet 12 inch gun of .45 calibre is
It is quite possible that he may have throne of Prussia. ; chief obstacles to pence That this widespread prejudice to yield, even though it involved, as cred attributes for his sovereignty?) out its mount, represents an outlay OL ned Save dna reais ates ent atta
ther awartul The latter eventuality is within That the imperial dignity and the against his first born is a matter in the case of Napoleon, the loss of And what grounds has he for claiming $175,000, that being the price paid fer ay al ic . iss ine Kea

Deen RURRGES 18S TeKer .P , measurable distance, and the pamphlet | presidency of the Confederation known of profound concern to the Kaiser his crown, the dethronement of his: to reign by right divine or to have a the materials used and the skiiled) *4!'* eee \ ket
degree by the war party. But it was |The Only Way Out,” which is enjoy-{|as the German Empire would be al- is well known. Not that he has dynasty, it would constitute in the! place among the sb-called “anointed workmanship. Unless fabricated with '!étss of the extone eer Pi ‘8 ae
he who had allowed it to become so; ing a wonderful amount of popularity | lowed to pass to the Crown Prince of any great love for the Crown eyes of his people at least some at-| of the Lord’? exquisite regard to accuracy the out any seach . i ra tants
strong, and who had fostered its | not only in Bavaria but also in the | Prussia in the event of the death or Prince, who during the three years tempt at reparation for the unparal- There is a curlous reason for his Weapon is neither safe to fire nor capa- * ee Eis es ay } Pani ; ae f

: ‘ other non-Prussian States of Ger-! mental collapse of the Kaiser is not immediately preceding the war was/leled misery, mourning and ruin that mever having crowned himself King of bie of standing up to its work during SHsie ver ; it EY
growth. Moreover the world has) many, indicates in a very striking} for one moment to be believed. The in a state of almost continual re-|he has brought upon the people of; Prussia. He feared that any such a relatively short active career, meas. t@ Tesist bendang or ceformi ton des
learned since how for years prior tO! fashion the direction in which the Crown Prince has given evidence of volt against his authority, assuming | Germany and of their allies since 1914. ceremony would call attention to the ured by something like a couple of PRD SRASBROIEU HS DOR nee CoE a
the war he had promoted all sorts of | Teuton wind is blowing. ;such glaring incapacity as a military | the leadership of all malcontents. But, The writer of the pamphlet argues, fact that he could not crown himself hundred rounds. une che me phy ay tae ae ae ee

"net : i ae itt . - oat ¢ A 7 es rine p ie i ate Fao ; .* > Ne a Ssematat aa eS A bait cae TT) ar e reer t » tributio " ‘ hiss leary, ‘

preparations with a view to the carry- | i atl last fall to give public or even | leader since the beginning of the war) Emperor William fears for his dynasty | that Great Britain, France and Russia! as Emperor of Germany This would It must be remembered that a 16 ee hee sr et, ad auiteeta eG

) Private expression to a yearning for! and has given:-such offence both in and for the supremacy of the Hohen-! W!!! never consent to negotiate peace not be tolerated by the other twenty- inch shell weighs about a ton-— to be 1 Is3
ing on of this struggle with an alto- peace was punished throughout Ger-| Germany and abroad by his personal , zollerns. with the present Kaiser or his Crown odd sovereign States of the German exact, 2.100 pounds, and the powder Comes the dispos Gan ta droop towurl
gether unparalleled and undreamed of }many and Austria as an act of high! conduct that it is idle to expect that The Bavarian pamphlet to which [ Prince; whereas with the disappear- Confederation, .who have always de- | impulse exerts sufficient energy back the muzzle, ant wor does this Hits
degree of frightfulness, such as, for|}treason, American daily newspapers either Bavaria or any of the other have referred above points out that ance of the Hohenzollerns it would clined to regard him as Emperor of of the projectile to start it from a bt we snootl i ue ae ne
instance, the manufacture of poison | have printed duly authenticated stories non-Prussian States would be willing in 1814 and 1815 the first Napoleon become possible for Germany to secure Germany or as exercising over them. standstill and to send it hurtling from > weapon ms z

  

 

 

. hods of women who have been imprisoned! to confide their military and political | preferred to sacrifice himself and to favorable terms and even to bring any rights of suzerainty, They insist the weapon's muzzle at a velocity of >to its oven people .
gas, of poison bombs and of methods 111 men who have been shot for the | destinies and their relations with for-| submit to captivity, first at Elba and about as cordial relations between Ger- that his style of German Hmprror is 2,800 fect a second, ft would not do weight of some of the big guns
of drenching his foes with liquid fire. ‘utterance of such views as these in| eign Powers to his direction. then at St. Helena, rather than to sub- many and England as now exist be- merely a titular dignity, designed to to bave that speeding shell jam in the Now in use In the navy causes them '>

Notwithstanding the strength of the public conveyances. He has shown himself wholly un-| ject France to any further losses for tween the latter country and France. — indicate his presidency of their confed- bore of the rifle, because if suddenly se at ST SAM AS As muh .
3 > j D re, i ; sake. Bonaparte realized that he Rut here ; little ¢ . , tt are é i y arrested it ile bably fracture ‘half or three-quarters of an Me
War party he could have easily resisted | Since the death of Emperor Francis worthy of the inheritanc This is | his € } ! t the is little hance of the eration, and tha hey are all and every arrested it would probab fracture Fat ictal vealiand Widener

 

 

its power by an appeal to his people, | ~ n sighting, will make the shooting in-

womameemen i CORUISE R MI (ILWAUKI] EE WRECKED © N THE CALIFORNIA COAST iti ieiens. mo

reports from abroad dumng the pres-
in peace the wonderful development of | \

 

 

emt war declare that the projectile on

their industry and of their worldwide , fanuing theceun in directedunw thatanl
trade without any let or interrup- six feet of n 12% that is oA
av that i* the rifle as a droop, thir

, too, that! Say ‘

tion. It has been shown, ' shell follows the ievature instead of

Prince Berehtold had with the as-

taking the © assumed by the gua
sistance and friendly offices of Great | pointer at the telescup eht
Britaln and of France brought about The Bureau of Ordnat in Wash-
a compromise of the issues between | neton has heen we mz at this prot
Austria and Russia on the subject of IER AR BUNK GAME BEOG eneth and
Serbia, which would have averted the | diameter of bore \ e present tine

  

  

 

 

war, in the closing days of July, 1914, hatenians. Aes weapons have: at
when at the last moment, just when ippreelabie droop ef only O38 of an
all further danger of a conflict seemed and’ this ‘vets eht bend in a
averted, the Kuiser intervened fgom int Fi oktiito var aeees
Berlin in such a manner as to render ey s Wivar atone. tis aie crim titeel
t inevitable, elastic \ ling of the material em-
When Emperor William virtually ployed in ¢ manuf ive of the
threw down the gauntlet to Europe, in niece
the first days of August, 1914, facile This droop is net enough ta en
Victory seemed assured both to him danger the life of the or ta impait
and to his people because of the utter | ts range, provided ghts are ad-
unpreparedness of the nations whom sted to it But there wother in-
he had defied, namely Russia, France, | HUARD CA AMORC tends to affect
Great Britain and Belgium. He was this droop and to cause t » vary some
firmly eonvineed, and so were his yundredths of an ie from time to
troops, that they would be in Paris be- time. This is the weathe lor in-
fore the end of the month, and would tance, a gun will droop when the sun
be dictating the terms of peace from shines flercely pon its upper side
London before the close of the year, while the under side is shaded. But
These expectations were doomed to so long as this tal deflection does
Cruel disappointment. The pictures not exceed half a neh there is no
Which he had caused to be printed, danger of the shi ic in pass-
representing him = riding in triumph ing along the slight! i | bore,
down the Champs Elysees, had to be In the la t of our hig nava
relegated to oblivion, and it is a pe- weapons, this droop ‘ heen still
cullar faet that every battle won, every further reduced 1 extending the
piece of territory gained by his armies jacket or hooping further out over the
in Murope has had the result of ren- forward part of the gin Chis serves
dering his final defeat more certain and ' to stiffen the gun so that oo osun has
more complete. ! not as much deforming effect as here-
It is the loss of all their cherished tofore. It may he asked What about
illusions of victory that confronted the other guns now in service that
the Emperor and his people on his have not heen so reenforced to cheek
birthday yesterday, and the situation drooping?” The Bureau of Ordnance

Cannot have failed to reader it an oc
casion of gloomy foreboding rathe:
than of rejoicing. The very best that
the Germans have been able to hope
for some time past has been for a draw.
Lut even that prospect has been shat-
tered by the reassertion during the past
week by the Goyernments and by the
Nations of the Entente that they will
hever consent to a peace without vic-
tory, i
Nou illusions are left to them, With

and straightens out the piece
iif the human race arrayed against \ It sounds almost like nursing glant
‘+m -sixteen nations in all—-they are

' r ; ’ ; : : i babies d, fuet, that Is just what
Gnsed’ te be ouaraine lined atilearic nol The $4,000,000 first class cruiser Milwaukee of the United States navy was wrecked on lines to the submarine and tried to drag her into safety, hist was herself drawn inshore! :rea. : ae Ser Nank Rete they

ssurily through disasters on the’ January 13 while trying to salvage the submarine H-83. The latter was beached at the en- and struck before she could free herself of her burden. Three hundred sailors were rescued | ave to be watched and tended with

vuliietield, but more probably through .

\uues of an e-onome character, and trance to Humboldt Bay, on the shore of northern California. Only two vessels of the Mie |e her, edreeg torgete apetidierti

jon their backs, so to speak, their dee
naan ne nis the Genmene 20 waukee’s-class remain in the navy—the Charleston and the St.. Louis. The work of salvaging the submarine was afterward turned over to a private concern at| termed spines return to a true line
e s fre na

they can do {8 to seek by every means In a donee fog, caning a ered garment and a  Renpding surf, the Milwaukee’ attached | a contract price of $18,000. and only acquire a reverse curve of

j droop in the course of some months,

has resorted to a very simple expedient
in correcting this curvature

The deformed weapon simply fo-
tated in the recoil sleeve of the mount
until the underside of the rifle is upper-
most The muzzle then, instead of
dipping actually, is curved skyward, In
time the natural elasticity of the metal
asserts itself and the overhanging
weight of the outstretched muzzle
gradually presses the chase downward

 

 

 

ism contained in the pamphlet, He is | mus inter pares, ; acter, namely, King George, Emperor ’

for whose views he has publicly and | mands of his people and violating the | the eagles have this winter abandoned .