BA

       

; a3
Aaee daseny *
] ! i Akai

en en 2

TTLE

a

TEST-SAMPLES OF ALL SIZES
SHELL AWAITING TRIAL AT 1
THE NAVAL PROVING GROUN

 
   

  

NDIAN
DS

Present Steel Shortage Might Leave
the Great Fighters Helpless After
One Long Range Engagement

By ROBERT G. SKERRETT.

American superdreadnoughts
be able to hit hard and often
ina sca fight? Would they be able to

I ys leg would the best of the | 1 ber cent. of hits was made by either!

make the most of their powerful arma- |

ments before their
emptied?

shell rooms were
In short, has the navy a
sufficient reserve of armor piercing pro-
jectiles to keep the battle fleet supplied
for any considerable period?

This is a matter of prime impor-
tance, The recent pronouncements of

the Secretary of the Navy have served |

to arouse a suspicion that there is a
shortage of projectiles for guns of the
largest types. This suspicion has been

confirmed by the negotiations with

| it will be found that not much over,

| Side In the battle of Jutland Banks.”

|

At clover range, where the chances

| Of making hits would be increased, a
commander would be justified in firing |

quickly and in maintaining that fire in
the hope of des‘roying his antagonist.
To make this situation plain, Capt.
Sims says: “If you could imagine two

| fleets coming parallel to each other

}
i

|

|

| aboard

|

|

'
Hadficlds, Limited, of Sheffield, Eng-

land, for the delivery of 7,500 armor
piercing fourteen inch and sixteen inch
shells. The British Government, how-
ever, has barred the delivery of the
projectiles during the war, and, in
consequence, the proposed contract
has fallen through.

with a foreign concern
leaves us worse off than ever.

|
|

and opening fire at extreme rapidity,
they could fire at least twS shots out
of thoee guns'’—meaning twelve-inch

rifles—‘“each minute, and in an hour's |

time it would all be gone.”
By “it,” Capt. Sims had in mind the
1,200 rounds of ammunition carried

battery cf twelve primary weapons.

And with her powder and projectiles ,

expended or substantially exhausted, a
battle craft would have to retire from
the action in order to replenish those
ordnance stores.

Manifestly then in time of hostili-
ties every
substantial reserve available. This
should be ready at hand either at shore
bases or abcard ammunition ships and

should represent at least two refills. |
On the face of it! That is to aay, there should be, in the |
this climax to Mr. Daniels's dealings) first place,
apparently/a

3,600 rounds available for
dreadnought carrying twelve
guns, whether they be of 12 inch, 14

No wonder, then, that the Secretary j}inch or 16 inch calibre, before she
of the Navy is said to be embarrassed | starts away from port.

and also bitter over this unexpected

outcome to a move through which he | made public during the past week

had hoped to bring projectile manu-
‘acturers in this country to terms more
to his liking, Secretary Daniels says
ineffect that domestic makers of large

|

|

 

And now we come to the figures

by
Mr. Daniels. On the face of it, there is
warrant for the belief that our super-
dreadnoughts armed with 14 inch guns
are lacking in vital fighting material.

‘mor piercing projectiles are either! Even though ready poseibly to engage
Not up to the state of the art as ex-/in one fight they might not for many

th

l¢ nation’s needs and little disposed

‘he best of present day standards.

Therefore, in order to infuse an ele-!

Ment of competition into this passive

vain shells capable
[
tions

Mr

Daniels was the price offered by

‘Ne foreign concern—Hadfields, Lim-| standard than
bidding something like $200 less{ cent.,

te]
api than that asked by American
companies, This price, however, did
hot include freight and insurance, and

 

 

ume all risk involved in trans-
raion from England,
tT)

eet to-day consists of six really

to

   

lable superdreadnoughts,
\rizona, Nevada, New York,

oma, Pennsylvania and Texas. All of
these

ships are armed with 14 inch
of 45 calibres in length, and their
Mbined array of these weapons is
“Xty-four, According to-Capt. William
* Sins, “we fire those guns at the
* three shots in 1 minute and‘15
nd And the same authority
‘hat for each of these rifles a ship

‘rries one hundred rounds of powder
id shell Therefore, with their
nag es full, this group of six ves-

se}

requires no fewer than 6,400
armor piercing projectiles.

Naturally, the layman asks: “How
long will a ship be able to maintain a
running action with a supply of one

hundred rounds for each of her turret

attitude and to bring about betterment | Bethlehem

|
|

nt that the Navy Department was |

emplifed abroad or are indifferent to| months be able to obtain projectiles of |

the right sort to resume their posi-

‘0 bring their own production up to] tions effectively in the first line of our

defence.

Mr. Daniels says: “Out of thirty-
four 14 inch shells submitted by the
Steel Company for test

encouraged an English firm to bid,! three Pawsed, a percentage of 8.8. The
‘leving that he would thus be able to| Crucible Steel Company managed to |
of meeting the} get 37.7 per cent. of the sample shells

hited States Government's specifica-! submitted passed, and the Midvale,
What was equally attractive to} which apparently showed more enter-

prise and real desire to bring up the
Qthers, passed 73 per
and which shows that our con-
tention that American companies can
produce good shells is well founded.’
The British shell manufacturers cer-
ainly made a good test showing, and

'the Secretary of the Navy had this to
| Say of their performances at the prov-

® mainstay of the American bat-) ing g

tby the Hadfields,
the | of

round: “Of the shells submitted

Limited, consisting
three sample shells and six addi-

Okla- | tional shells, not a single one failed to

meet all of the requirements.”

|

|

 

Suns?" This, of course, will depend
Upon the nature of the engagement |
and the battle range. The greater the |

range the smaller the percentage of
hits and accordingly, the larger the
Number of shots at that range the big-
Ber the wastage,

It is therefore desirable to close in
Upon the enemy in order to hasten de-
“sive results, but the foe may be in-
“sposed to permit this. Because of
his speed he may be able to hold his
distance and to make the fight a long
one, As Capt. Sims sees it, it is in-
advisuble to waste.much ammunition
at ranges above 15,000 yards, and upon
this point he says:

“The battle of Jutland bears me out
Very largely, Here were many ships
®n each side and the amount of dam-
&ge done on either side was relatively
small, If these fleets had been equal
nd had fought a determined battle in
Which It was absolutely necessary for
One sile or the other to gain a de-
Cision, they must have closed in. We
know that a certain ship on the other
ide was under fire for many hours;
We know she was hit fifteen times and
that only two shots did any serious
damage, one disabling a gun and the
other stopping one of the engines for a
While, Ships do not carry ammunition
fhough to defeat another fleet of the
swag power at these extremely long

Bes,

Indeed, this expert goes on to say:

“If the details are ever known, Ithink

of ¢ At

  

In the making of guns, armor and
projectiles it is indisputably the fact
that the great concern at South Beth-
lehem has heretofore enjoyed a com-
manding position in the industry be-
cause of the character of its output.
Why then should this piant fail to make
good in the manufacture of 14 inch
projectiles? The company has recently
issued this statement;

“Two years ago we took contracts to
make 4,200 14 inch shells at a price of
$1,515,000 (with heavy penalties for de-
layed delivery). Despite the fact that
all our experience and facilities have
been strained to fulfil these contracts
up to now not a single shell has been
accepted by the Government.”

The contract, according to the com-
pany, has involved the expenditure of
$522,881 wages, materials, &c., and the
making of tests on shells. The com-
pany declares that it has not received
a’ single dollar on these contracts, and
by reason of delayed delivery faces
penalties amounting to nearly $700,000,
Why does not the Government accept
the 14 inch projectiles produced by the
Bethiehem Steel Company? The com-
pany says: “Navy Department tests
are now so severe that neither we nor,
so far as we know, any other manu-
facturers have yet been able to produce
in quantity 14 inch shells which will
meet them.”

It will be noticed that Secretary
Daniels in his comparative figures ré-
fers to projectiles submitted for test
and the percentages relate to sample
shells and not to the total quantities
involved in the contracts. This phase
of the matter becomes all the more sig-
nificant in reading the Bethlehem Steel
Company's .statement wherein it em-
phasizges the phrase “in quantity.”
Other concerns have, it is admitted,
had better luck in meeting the De-
partment’s requirements at the prove
ing grounds, but they have not
been able to reproduce those pro-
jectiles in quantity, and quantity
very Much concerns the value of tho
Arizona and her sister dreadnoughts
aa effective units

©

      

 

dared
yew

a dreadnought for her main}

battleship should have a}

big |

in our seagoing de- | position, then, the next thing Is to ob-

OF ARMOR- PIERCING
HEAD, MD.

|

|
|
| fence.
, Ships be worth if their guns cou!d not
‘be supplied with all of the armor pierc-
jing projectiles that they need?

Prior to 1913 our armor piercing

What would tnose magnificent |

shells were tested at normal impacts, |

that is,
striking at right angles to the face of
the hardened steel target. In 1913,
owing to better target practice at
longer ranges, the Bureau of Ordnance

the point of the projectiles |

|

 

 

 

 

= 1 me
ZS bes

sy
\)

A SUCCESSFUL

PROJECTILE AFTER
PERFORATING THE
PRESCRIBED

tain sound steel in the ingot. ‘This is
by no means easy, particularly when
certain alloys are used in order to give
the materia] its desired ballistic char-
acteristics, But let us suppose that
the two foregoing problems are solved,

The steel is then forged roughly into
the approximate dimension and form
of the desired shell. Next the powder
chamber or explosive cavity is bored,
and the external surface is machined

| naturally decided to take advantage of|to the prescribed dimensions prelimi-

‘that improvement in gunnery. But at

nary to submitting the ehell to the

the greater distances it was realized; hardening and tempering processes,

that the shell would have a greater

Subsequently the ehell is annealed to

curvature of flight and the point of| get rid of certain inherent stresses or

the projectile would not hit at right) strains brought into being by the hard-

angles, but somewhat obliquely.

This meant putting the shell to aj hardening

much harder test, and incidentally im-

‘ening and tempering operations. The
processes involve rapid
cooling when the mass of steel is

posed the requirement that the missile | highly heated. This chilling contracts
should be able to withstand the added | the outer layers of the steel and in do-

Stresses due to the angle of impact.

ing 60 causes them to press more or

Accordingly. new specifications were! less powerfully upon the underlying
issued which prescribed that the big! mass while the latter is relatively plas-

shells should be able to perforate
armor twelve and fourteen inches
thick when impinging at an angle of
ten degrees, and the test would not be
satisfactory unless the missile got
through with its explosive chamber in-
tact so that the maximum of bursting
effect would be insured,

This change in the specifications
was the crucial departure that has
been mainly responsible for the dif-
ficulties since encountered by our shell
makers.
the matter which is not generally
understood by the public. That is that
the armor plate used for the test tar-
gets is really not standardized or uni-
form in its defensive qualities,

|
This is a natural consequence of the

large mass of steel involved in the
original forging and of the physical
impossibility of making this
body of metal identical in texture and
composition throughout. The manner
of subsequent treatment and the part
of the ingot from which a plate is pro-
duced may materially alter the de-

iI

    

GETTING EVEN WITH JENKS.

HAVE often wondered why it is
that when women are late
almost

good humored. There is a_ breezy

cheeriness about a woman who is late

There is another phase of| Which commands my respect.

invariably makes them |

it. |

|

So I said to my wife upon thts oc- |
casion—that is, upon one of the many |

| eoonaions when she came in late to
| dinner—I said to her:
| “My dear, you seem unusually

|
|

cheerful this evening; yet you are not

great | any later than usual. What is the rea-

son?”
“I have been skating,” said
wife. “TI feel exceptionally good.”
“Skating,” I observed, “is the new

my

fensive or ballistic properties of two} ¢aq”

plates made from the same original
mass of steel. This admits of an ele-
ment of uncertainty where the com-
parative performances of test projec-
tiles is concerned.

Shells that are of equal effective-
ness may differ widely in their trials,
all because of variances in either the
targets used or in different parts of
the same target attacked. On the face
of it the contractor has to deal with

an unknown quantity in the nature of! to

the target against which his projec-

My wife colored slightly; or was it
the effects of the skating? At any
rate she observed:

“TI dislike that word fad excessively,
particularly as you use it so indis-
criminatingly. You say it of every-
thing. I am expecting every week
that you will apply that odious term
my hairdresser.”

tiles are fired, and here is a risk that touch of asperity, which I occasionally
naturally adds to the potential losses| @llow myself in the presence of my

involved in his contract,

superior.

In the manufacture of armor plerc- | can women, is a personal fad; skating
ing projectiles there are many difficul- | 1s only ephemeral.”

ties to be contended with. First, there
is the question of a satisfactory com-
position, for the steel must be of a
character that will stand up under the
tremendous impact against hardened
armor, and, surviving the initial shock,
the metal must hold together and
make a perforation of the target pos-
sible. Remember a 12 inch shell to be
successful must go undeformed
through twelve inches of kruppized
armor, and a 14 inch projectile must
accomplish the same thing with steel
fourteen inches thick.

Starting out with an approved com-

“We won't discuss that point any
more," said my wife, who, I am bound
to say, has an admirable temper for a
city woman, “but you are to skate
with me on Friday night. I have
formed a club.'”

My wife is always forming clubs.
1%. seems to work upon her spirits in a
progressive manner.

“I would rather not,” I said as an
opening gun,

“You must,” said my wife.
all been arranged,”

When my wife says it has all been
prranged it means that a German
army corps equipped with forty-two

“Tt has

“Why not?" I replied with a slight:

“Hairdressing, among Amer-! .

 

 

 

   

a

 

 

 

   

 

 

7

 

CL az
Mh

“i

Jeg, pone none tannnnaptincaemagt

TO BE SUCCESSFUL , ARMOR -PIERCING PROJECTILES
MUST GO THROUGH HARDENED STEEL. OF THEIR

OF OUR DREADNOUGHTS THREATENED |

OWN DIAMETERS, WITHOUT SERIOUS DEFORMATION.

Why American Firms Find It Difficult

to Meet the Tests for Fourteen
Inch Projectiles

 

 

 

 

 

   

 
 
  

    

 

 

 

 

 

  

  

 

 

 

 

 

   

method and the subsequent treatment that the language used at times was
jtend to minimize the development of hard! keeping with Secretary
I initial strains, These, of course, are | Baker's pacifist leanings,
merely speculations, but it is evident ay report says in part: “Those
however, that the Hadfield) people who have studied attentively the his-
| have been able to develop satisfactorily | tory of this country in its past wars
| large projectiles for trial. have been moved to say that in our
| So far so good. But now the Navy! day of need a benevolent Providence
| Department realizes that ft cannot) ha ood hetweem us and our peril.
}turn to a foreign producer to furnish | To-day, without conscious effort to
us with shells—at least not while the’ that end, a situation has developed
| presen* war is in progress. In the through whieh, if we regard the ime
meantime, it is manifest that some- mediate future as charged with dane
thing must be done in order to supply ger, We muy also see the workings of
the most formidable of our supers) yay me Providence
dreadnoughts. Vlainly, Mr. Daniels i “Tan two ines have happened or
in an awkward = position, and hi are process of develomment which
dilemma is aggravated by the manner ey far to insure the safety of the
in which he hes criticised American United States provided only advane
producers To quote him: ; tage he taken of them. First, the peoe
SopOny Lbs recommendation of a ple have been aroused from. their
ce partment the first session of th dream of unbroken peace by the ap-
| Sixty-fourth ( ongress | appropriate d palling Muropean war so suddenly be-
money to build a projectile factory,” he at :
7m gun and waged with such unexame
says. “The condition which made this TRH CHEF. an THA nenatlonalealente
appropriation imperative was, briefly, TCG ©bere rf tne wel whit ee
las follows: ness up this question of national
“The navy, wants armor piercing  defenee now eres walen thinty
projectiles, but it does not want an in- | Months ago had no being, Second, the
ferior quality of armor piercing projec- | demands of the fore ign combatants
tiles, such as some manufacturers are fOr arms and ammunition have de-
willing to call ‘armor piercing’ and are | Yeloned she COUMLEY SOPBEILY, to
NARS ew Cosa willing to sell for such -1n ther xt iousandfold greater
aes a ee ,turers of this country yt jreamed of in July, 1914.
|) y ample capacity manufactur wry coincidence of these two devel-
i armor piercing projectiles and al- | opment TUM the vision to see our
| igh they know that p i fers ‘ ind the capacity to
| ‘cordance with the requirements ot remarkable and
jthe Government can be produced toe 1 asset of tremendous
tic. This compression increases to- | residual weakness to a degree in all of | unwilling to undertake their pro - Value tot But it needs to
ward the centre as the cooling goes on. |Our big armor piercing shells, and cu- tion save at a price 60 per cer or tu dvi f It is an op-
As a result the centre of the shell is | riousiy this pent up force is greater in re higher than their contracts of portunity of greatest magnitude, but
generally left under a strese like that ,the bigger projectiles and is stored 1914. loon 1 opportunity. It is po-
of a spring too tightly wound and a) away in the solid mass of the forebody What is the answer? There in tential, not actual, military strength,
condition is set up which is technically | just where the uninformed would nat- ily one answer, That is fort Nav nd th t passing these Euro-
called a state of initial strain. jurally expect the missile to be strong- ) Department to own and operat ‘ d W h gave it birth it
Initial strains are most in evidence &5*: ; own projectile plant, which will et | ex » dis pate unless con-
in the solid part of the projectile for- It follows that the 11 inch shell is ,it to fill its requirements and possibily werved | bei put to use now or in
ward of the charge chamber, and at therefore a more difficult or uncertain | to improve over the qualities now de- tt Near future
times even a moderate blow with a Projectile to manufacture than the 12, manded of private comcerns, Not only I ‘ seems to this board that
hammer will cause the shell to frac- ih missile, and by parity of reason | dil private companies fail to si iy pre ua ur se should be taken of
ture by reason of this pent up force. ,/"% the 16 inch shell will unquestion- j projectiles that meas ired Mp at » the yy Han ¢ ions that now exist,
As the size of the projectile increases ably be found still harder to produce | specitic: tions, but the remarkable thing that BYP 2 ORS MINS aroused public
the mass of metal progressively under | to the satisfaction of the Navy Depart- | Was that _thres empanies usually Ti 1 to danker and of the
compression also increases, and the | ment. The oblique attack wrenches an | Within a few gollers Of one abother ident developed capacity of the
greatest difficulty has been found in | BF mor piercing shell just as a knife “It Was evident that they avere not neriean rial world for the pro-
producing armor piercing projectiles , Vlade is taxed more when driven into | im real competition, The G vernm nti duction y arm unmunition and
of the larger sizes capable of success- ; a piece of wood on the slant, Whet uch c mditions prevail, mu equipment hefore that capacity be dee
fully penetrating, without breaking in If because of the added massivencss | | ROE: UI TP AIULAS TUES Bek troyed | Crapyng or exportings
the act, thicknesses of armor corre- | °f its forebody the 14 inch projectile is @ Her lon of these indispensable projec- the machinery which, with the or-
sponding to their own diameters. more apt to have a larger measure of Laces ganized yp unel, constitutes the es-
Annealing after hardening helps ina ("Mal strains stored away in it, they SOUR OS UAE Are iO Aad eid) BEG sor i
measure to reduce initial strains, but | '* 18 Just so much more likely \o frae- ¢ port of the Secretary of Thes derations make impos-
there is no doubt that there is this ture when momentarily halted by the os sible « ! ve Government manufac-
j hardened barrier offered by the test The projectile plant which Congre ; of tho cnormous
meson ——— target. This explains, to some extent Suthorized eannot be, built much i cap l luo and waeted through
at least, why the projectile manufac- Side of eighteen months, and wt tre 1 doterioration of A
turers that have been reasonably suc- Yeady to operate many mont) mare ‘ t \ ts in whieh
cessful in) producing satistd& ory 12. Will ensue before there ts \ years but more
. ar . ‘cine ahaile ara skilful ors ization available to 1
centimeter guns, and von Hindenburg tae a Sop en " ue ne oe a iti Biel ae oi one eee ati cee Va blan spells
back of them, cannot dislodge her.) meeting the Clovernm: ni s ans 4 “fi irmor. piercing projectiles, N i Hen in turn
Nevertheless I began to apply my tlons. a nenye Hike uh Oars Avould dita MAR IS p ar
usual strategy. Of course one may ask, How has the | partment obtain the steel! fron } ve vee ar 9
First I smiled. English firm been ; to, AG oun : ta maka thoes eheilae Tous, Const ‘ dl un we at.
“Do you remember,” I said in aniand, Why can it eel! so much cheapes is also appropriated fo: Vucturers to this
offhand way, “the horrible exhibition | than American ma Ka tit plate plant. mith cho here ; j a Iness, It ts
that I made of myself dancing with ) question can be answered Lee sae of mill, but exper ire of th A Is diMeultios
you last, winter?” the volume of work resulting from fhe that that establishment — the \ tae Dees noed inars
“And with others,” said my wife,! war and possibly In ¢ expe : ae aUHIAN ehhh: hGteaeto bean Aat : \ te Birr t oh Some
also smiling at the recollection. ‘ence gained during the conflict ; euuld not made ready to tut , : Ne ae we at
“You wanted me to dance,” T said. The steel! plants of this country have | metal for armor and forgings for pre ty Sens aunk ae »
“You dragged me around with you, not manufactured large shells for the Jeetiles much inside of tive ve ; USaS:On hae ws
admirably concealing your amuse-| Allies, and their armor piercing pro-| the best! In the meantime what would cy iyjana see ery ee ashe Od
ment, or shall I say horror, at my | jectile departments have not been busy bappen should the United States ! ‘ ‘ eee “s eee
efforts, because why?—-because you jexcept so far as they have been en- drawn into a conflict more tt Rete Vea rhe vat
wished to dance yourself, So you en-| gaged with work for the United States The plants of all the dome wi : mORer i ei the ¥
couraged me, and I went on, deluding Government These plants are ox manufacturers if working to « Rees A f : il eee
myself that. I was really dancing, until | pensive establishments, and cannot be 4) turn out only about 22.000 cooperatl sn with the
venks-—dear old Jenks-—-took me aside! used for other tasks Clearly, then,| Shells. annually, and manifest p : ; t us G6 it not ane
one night and said to me, ‘Old man, | the British shell maker has to-day an | tect of battleships and dre : d nS OF RUSOSSE
Iam your friend; you are making an advantage becAuse he is  Worki: gz at, Would require more than these if th Wo « t fail to realize that the
ass of yourself.’ Well, I stopped dane- | full capacity. |} were engaged inactive hostil eration aay ! 1 National catastrophe
ing. And now you ask me to skate.! Jjut how, even so. does he euanenraall evolving either the defence of ou ’ lo war t real danger
No, thank you! By the way, how did|the physical difficulties already men-/ Sores or the attack of enemy fortitiod “Meh y \ ide against, and
you learn to skate?” Itioned?) What makes it possible for | Positions. Naturally the nation does Olly Uhr operation with
“Oh!” said my wife, “I am taking | him to have his projectiles perform 100 | HOt Wish to pay extrava for | Private Pa A y can it be practically
lessons. I have already had two, and|per cent, perfect, as Mr, Daniels has! (ts needful munitions, but ' Indeed, we cannot fail
before the week is out-——-" jannounced? This cannot be answered | hand, th tuation is a se is » recog? 1 dosu ceeding the
Arriving at the rink on Friday eve- | confidently. ; Secretary Dant and I iu of}! : War as one fraugh
ning my wife explained to the rest; Two or three years ago Sir Robert | Ordndn e have made evident pW und danger, And
of the company that we'were both) Hadfield aroused great interest in the There has jus wen made to Con. | ' e against contingencele
Leginners, “You know Henry here,” steel industry by d sclosing a process |B! a special report by a hoard « v} | ‘ except by tak
she said, “hasn't taken any lessons, | which ho had developed for the cast. | @?™My officers and civilian | dl : ‘ wv pre nt oppor:
but I’m sure he will learn easily. I've) ing of sounder ingots, especially of | OU the 8d of June, 116 report ! rom and vigorously
had two, and-——"” + /alloy steels, which ordinarily had a 2s to do with Government ma rv ' nt . American in
Then I executed a few movements | very deep pipe or central cavity. This, tule of its munitions independeatiy of || : ae tu a nited Blate
the grapevine, the figure eight and) pipe in the normal ingot made it im-| P!/¥ate concerns or with the part that UO" ene tee y While the
the back cut—before her astonished | possible to use that part of the metal) tie latter should play in furnishing ey UE BORE 1 did not
eyes, And it was the only moment of|jn which it occurred. j the major portion of our military ma. | ty with the needs of the
real triumph I ever had during my! Sir Robert Hadfield's invention con-| terial. The senior olticer of this board ’ iny of the planta visited
long married career, My wife actually | sisted of a mould and process which, Was Col bP. J. Kkernan, U.S. A, a ; ehies ace ne Os eng yy in manu-
gasped, very greatly lessened the pipe forma-| the report made by him and his asso- Phe on murae a ae eee ymoting
“Where did you learn?" she asked. |tion and accordingly gave a greater, Clites bs particularly pertinent now ' 1 tor ag _ : ee ue ne
“Long before you were born,” I re-| percentage of sound and useful steel, | that Mr. Daniels has arraigned Ame: ast pee f hiigherecie det
plied, briskly pirouetting before her.! Some time afterward it was an- | jean projectile munufacturers therefore rt larly a eee oe
‘You forget, my dear, that [ spent my | nounced that Hadficlds, Ltd, were} Their findings do not support the) uaa or t : anh . Sat uu , site
boyhood in the country, when skating | making projectiles of cast steel—not of | position taken by the Secretary of the | iyation wi ‘ wie Ge . ane
was not a fad,” forged steel—that were showing very! Navy, and some of the con ons of | artion Fhe Hiliotn pa oe
At this moment Jenks came up. jsuperior ballistic properties, It is} this joint military and civihhum come tye Ny ie anateni cite d ne 1
“By Jove!" he exclaimed. “Give me | quite likely that the method has been} mission may be quoted. It ts rather! 4 Pal dete oalb- baa an -
a lift, will you?) I'm-——just—learning.” since so improved that armor piercing | signifleant that the report was n- jor tt ' ’ ; ttional .
I took him by the arm confidentially. | shells can now be cast by’ the Had-| pleted on the 80th of December, and | pag ‘ i nel bauer that
“Od man,” To whispered—rather Alfleld process and the expense of the Seoretary of War transmitted ft t ive] I "3 the battle efficiency
loud whisper too—"Old man, don't do forging substantially eliminated, It is| Congress almost immediately there. {or ae least the six biggest of our dreade
it! Don't make an ass of yourself!" |not improbable that the casting | after; and this in spite of the fact |noughts,

 

 

 

 

 

   

  
  
   
   
  
   

ew eee

yy

re Oe