5

Young

dea Modern Way to Shoot

By JOHN WALKER HARRINGTON.

 

Rk. OTIS W. CALDWELL, the
D director of the new school C
which next QutHM 48 $9. be onduct Educat
the setting of the much discussed edu-
wational experiment of the Generai oY -W hat He
Fducation Board and Teachers Col-)
jege, is now in the city. ae to educational science in that
they ere scour . ing 40 ,
To sense the true inwardness of the ;,. ° Ah ees diagnoses, They
cae in effect sustained the business man
project now under way it is essential! in his criticisms,
not only inderstand his personality Out of these investigations grew
and methods, but also the cireum- Certain methods for recording the
dances Which shaped his appointment, symptoms ~devised mostly by profes-
he wide a sors of Teachers College—and_ tech-
I he ac > j
The mat piace, the means con- nically known as “scales.” We have
cerned in this important venture into | the Thorndike, the Hillegas, the Traube
unmapped areas of pedagogy have a Sc#les, by which the capabilities of |
jogical and intimate connection. Students could be measured individ-

tee ually and in the mass. They consti-
tute a contribution to educational
proposed, in all probability, had there | practice as important as the steam

WUE,

-
oom

school would not have been

     

  

 

 

A Glimpse of the Man Chosen to

ional Experiment
Hopes to Do

things of the vegetable world which
;4re good for food; with plants which

jfurnish fibre wherewith man is
clothed; with plants which heal his
{lls with the plants which make the

home and community more beautiful.

To him the body of science consists
not of disconnected members and
| Ologies but of a well articulated frame.
There are in his methods that force
and defiance of traditions which char-
| acterized the labors of Sir Francis
| Bacon, who, taking all knowledge for
his province, flouted the pedants of
‘his age. His character and breadth

 
  
  

Dr. Otis W. Caldwell, who will have charge of new experiment in education.

iseful as the
of bactertology to medicine

heen heard the call for a better} gauge to the boiler, as

inderstanding schoolmaster science
nd publie. the there t Tt was natural, then, when # rem

'edy was sought for our educational
as for centuries been a

iNs that the General Mdueation Board
commmon viewpoint. should consider how the trouble could

between
Between two

lack of a

Despite the tons of literature which | be best diagnosed and how the effect
have been written about it education | Of the treatment proposed could be
| best recorded. This brought it into

T asked} aj root relatians with Teachers College

Dr. Caldwell yesterday for his defini- and for months it had been working in

IS not as vet un exact science.

ten of it. He declined to give one. } harmony with that institution.

In that flat refusal is the very essence Teachers College may be consid-|
ot this experiment. ered us bearing the same relation to
The real need of this age is to dis- | the General Education Board us the,

cover what purposeful results educa-|€ollege of Physicians and Surgeons,

another of the departments of Colum-
bia University, does to the Rockefeller

“on may develop and then to define
education in ternfs of what we know

it may accomplish. | Institute for Medical Research. The
Let us leave Dr. Caldwell for a few | College of Physicians and Surgeons
connection with the [Pres-

moments busy with his plans and cor-

respondenece, and take a glance at

has direct
| byterian Hospital, where surgery and

What is called education. There are | Medicine are practised in accordance
More than a hundred technical de-| With principles considered well estab-
scriptions. In all of them may be|Jished. Its students and faculty could

found the central thought of such de- | #lso be much assisted by the experi- |
Velopment of the powers of man that |Ments in untried fields conducted by |

he may be better able to cope with! the Rockefeller Institute.
his surroundings. It carries the idea} There Teachers College two
of training, preparation, equipment for | Practice schools now in existence, the
life ; Horace Mann and the Speyer, each
The young of the cave man might! Working out its own particular type of
have been considered fairly well edu- | experimentation. The new school is to
cated if they were able to crack deftly | 80 out into untried fields and develop
&@ marrow the Greek youth /its own methods. Should these meth-

ure at

bone;

found athletics, musie, philosophy and; 0ds8 puss the test they can be applied |

rhetoric as they find their way into
stem of the country.

of the new school is

the
pain
and to steal with despateh; the lord-

useful;

Spartan
learned to bear

with fortitude |

boy | elsewhere,
yj

the educational sy
The advantage

 
    

 

ling of the Middle Ages saw the|that it is committed to no set theory |
“Seven Art ‘as training for battle and| Of education; that it is so backed |
vent we of the present day are} financially by the bourd of which John
m concerned as to how boys and| D. Rockefeller was the founder that
Rirls shall earn their livings under alit is independent of any influence |
high pressure civilization. which would affect its conclusions.
The rumblings of discontent regard-| There are in the country many ef-
Ing the present scheme of American | fective and interesting schools which |

€ducation have been louder in the last} are based on radical theories and con-

tof view as an educator are best shown
ry such work:
of General
tory

creed

Science’ and his ‘Labora-

Manual of General Science.” His
is pansophic, his outlook as
broad as the needs of man.

Dr. Caldwell has just resigned as
dean of the University College, an in-
stitution which the University of Chi-
cago established in the
city for which it is named. It is fa-
;millarly known as “The Down Town
College.” It has 1,600 students, who
tudy in the evenings after their regu-
lar day's work is done, so that they
may gain degrees in time and prepare
themselves for greater efficiency.

The head of the new school is there-
tore well prepared as an executive for
his new activities,
cnugaged in all the details for starting
the new school.

The buildings of the school probably
will be on the eastern side of the city.
They will not be near the Columbia
University campus.
chosen from the faculty of Teachers
College; the effects of instruction will
be gauged with precision by experts
connected with the same institution.
The applications for places in the
classes are pouring in, which shows
; that there is already wide public in-
terest in the experiment.

First of all, the school will start with
only six of the grades. There will be

 

 

 

|ing to the lower elementary schools,
fend three which would be equivalent

and %). Other grades are to be added.
| There will be the opportunity for com-
| parison between the work done by
pupils who have been trained in the
| present system of education and those
‘who have been taught in accordance
with the experimental work of the
i school,

of his as “The Elements,

heart of the:

He is now busily |

The staff will be;

three of the lower grades, correspond-| Teachers College, and the choice will
! be governed by what they are doing

to the junior high school (grades 7, 8 |

THE SUN, SUNDAY,

 

 

 

 

| onea” the dead languages and so-
called classical studies.

“Latin and Greek,” said Dr. Caldwell,
}“are included in the present conven-
| ional systems of education largely for
| historical reasons. There was a time
when Latin was the language of edu-
cation and of science. Those who de-
sired to know of philosophy, of rhet-
orle, Of the wisdom of the ancients,
learned Latin. so that they could have
the key with which fo unlock the
storehouses of knowledge. Even long
after the Roman people ceased to be
‘a factor in the world their language
| endured and became that of the world
of learning. Latin continued for cen-
turies to be used in writing legal docu-
ments; it was a language of law and
| of diplomacy, of science and of medi-
cine,

“Such ig the force of tradition, how-
ever, that after its usefulness as a
means for communicating ideas had
ceased and modern languages were
employed, many insisted that it should
be retained, in the educational system
as a means of mental discipline.

“Mathematics. was developed by
those who needed it in the development
of the branches of knowledge in which
they were interested. Much of it came
from. the needs of astronomy. Algebra
came into being as the shorthand of
| exact science. The use of miathe-
; matics ‘as a means of mental dis-
| cipline came as an afterthought.
“It is-one of the great problems of
education to. distinguish between the
material and the best means of reach-
ing it.
| “In the first crades the schoot will
| be devoted to furnishing to the pupils
|the tools or instruments which they
| will use in their future work. If in-
' stead of teaching the pupils how to
‘use the English language we should
devote so much time to the involved
| technique of grammar and discourse
on.the history of the verb we would
be applying the methods pursued in
the study of a dead language.

“In the first grades,” said Dr.
Caldwell, “the object would be to get
the pupils acquainted with the tools
or instruments which they are to use
in gaining their education. The ac-
quisition of these means can be made
most interesting in itself. Those
fundamental operations in reading,
writing, ‘number work and the lan-
guages must be made fully the posses-
sion of the pupils. By the use of these
(they extend their studies into othef
important’ topics of the curriculum.
' The interest of the child may be sus-
tained as well in this number work as
| ten years hence, when in practical life
| he uses the same system to find out
{how much lumber will be needed for
| the construction of a table, a chair or
a house in which he is interested.

“In the intermediate and high

' school grades the pupils are no longer
j concerned in the mastering of tools
but in the accomplishing of pieces of
work. The theory of formal discipline
is discarded. The mind is so trained
that it may be effective in that fleld
where the person so trained is likely
to go. The blade which is sharpened
for tonsorial purposes is not fitted for
trimming stakes.

“The curriculum of the school will

include such subjects as reading, writ-
ing, mathematics, drawing and paint-
jing, natural sciences, such modern
| languages as ¥#rench and German, and
|; music. The attention of the children
' wil) be fixed upon subjects which are
| Valuable on account of their specific
content. There will be instruction in
handiwork, which will include training
in the industrial and the household
arts and in shop work of various
kinds.”

Dr, Caldwell
benefits which

'

 

 

spoke of the cultural
in such a curriculum
us that proposed for the new school
could be derived from the fine arts,
from music, painting and literature.
The porfrayal of the ideals of man,
jhe said, can be brought
| branches of human endeavor. He re-
ferred to that famous maker of violins
, who bad such a high ideal of his
handiwork that he would permit no
poor violin to leave his shop. To him
a fine violin was a poem in materials,
« poem which could be manipulated so
as to extend its culture to those who
would enjoy it and hand it down to
generations to come.

“The workman in the factory,” con-
tinued Dr. Caldwell, “the painter, the
musician, the salesman, each may be
a cultured man if his ideals and ac-
| complishments are inspired by the de-
sire to do the best work of which he
| is capable.”

The great principle which lies back
of the experiment is to found a school
whose pupils will be constantly inter-
| ested in what they ure doing and in
| work which shall have its relation to
|
|

the neighborhood, city or rural com-

munity in which they live. It is the
j intent to make the studies concrete
| rather than abstract. It aims to make
j the pupil always responsive to his en-
‘ vironment.
| The instructors for the school will be
| drawn from other institutions, such as

|in their present positions, a8 well as by
the suggestions which they may be
jable to give for the new curriculum.
The tests of the work will be made
from time to time, and the programme
may be modified to meet the results of
systematic tests. The, whole intent is
to give an elasticity to the course fol-
lowed, so that the changes may be
made rapidly. The new school is to

 

into many |

_ JANUARY 28, 1917.

 

LOWERS everywhere; glowing
F Jonquils catching the sunlight
that fell through the east win-
dow of the drawing room which
opened on Fifth avenue; roses, pink
and white, yellow and magenta; lilies,
coral colored und white, and carna-
tions falling over the tops of the filled
bowls; flowers everywhere, but only
the drooping frisia spreading its per-
fume through the room. Flowers that
are beautiful like the sweet peas that
filled two vases, or the carmations that
have but a faint scent, or better still
the mauve and yellow orchids that
rose from a Japanese bow! and scat-
tered no odor whatever on the air of
the drawing room; they were the
most acceptable, for this was in the
drawing room of a singer who allows
no flowers with
about her.
But

solitary adornment,

strong perfumes

practically the flowers are its

Only two photo-

uc

|

 

add a

graphs personal note to thre
drawing room of Mme. Sembrich
Otherwise it is the piano only which
imparts to the sunny. sitting room,
with its hurd floor for the uke ot
acoustics and its light hungings, ans
suggestion of its occupant It is a
very businesslike looking piano in
spite of the bowls of flowers, and

there is a lamp to show that even at

five years than ever before. In New| nected with very definite expressions One feature of the school which has | be inductive in all its processes. The

York city practical business men com-|of morals and “religion. This sehool| been most commented upon since the | rute of observation touches it at every | night it may be mm use. One involun-

Plain that graduates of our schools|is to be without trammels of any kind. | original announcement is its attitude | point. tarily sympathizes with the neighbors,

Thre General Education Board has ° x ——— —— ae aD a = = but perhaps they do not even mind

the Y Write ilegibliy, that they cannot been always constructively active, It i | | | LE S i ORIE S OF | HE | OWN being kept awake by Mme, Sembrich's |

Spell and that their knowledg is| gives aid and support to institutions ‘nel

vague. Making due allowance for the | of learning all over the country. When NE of the New York city news-| have to climb to their work in some | * neine.

fhtolerance of the elders toward youth its experts two years ago formed the paper men who went to Haskell | buildings in this city. “Don't be surprised that you see

it is still evident that there is some-| idea of the experimental school they | to cover the explosion in the du| The high cost of living and the high} nothing here that suggests home and

thing radically wrong—that perhaps | scanned the educational horizon for Pont plant decided, after things} cost of realty combined are responsible} me," she said to the reporter, “hut
fe do not know what edueation really} man of scientific attainments who} quieted down, that he would go to the| for this use of ladders instead of ‘haan twa pholbarinla of ms mothat

W needed would be capable of taking up the} jail to see if there had been any ar-| stairs. In several downtown business , e ’ ; , ;

b The jibes against our higher educa- | problems of modern education from 4 | rests, | buildings stair wells to the basement and my husband's mother are all that

tion are proverbial, new point of view. Its attention was} He knocked on the door of the jail,| took up alfogether too much space.{I have. J happened to have them in
“How could ‘he be expected to] soon focused upon Dr, Caldwell be-) put all was still within. Then he | So they have been replaced by nar+| switzerland when the war broke out,

drow?” remarked a brilliant actress} cause of the able work he was then pounded, hoping to wake up the | row ladders in narrow shafts from amd therefore they are with me now

f 4 young man who had been unable|doing as an interpreter of science. | jailer. There was still no response, 80/ the ground floor to the basement. ores

40 tell the distance between New York
"nd Chicago. “He is only a university
Braduat«

In a prominent insurance office it

Custoinary to say when a young
Man mukes a mistake in arithmetic
“hat he must be exeused because he
has hud a college course. oe

vigor of life, He yot his degree of
bachelor of science from Franklin
College in the State where he was
born, Indiana. He began his educa-
tional career as a professor of botany.
He taught this specialty at the Kast-
ern Illinois Normal School and also
belonged to the faculty of the sum-
me? school of the Wniversity of Indi-
ana. Dr. Caldwell wrote a_ book,
“Practical Botany,” but he was never
» book botanist. Betany, according
to’the Caldwell ideal, is not an Inge-

!
|
|
|
|
cannot add or multiply correctly, :
‘
|

Primary, secondary and higher is on
trial,

From all parts of the country have
‘ome complaints similar to that Which
% legrd so often in the metropolis.
“And here it is that the Teachers Col-

ree Which is a department of Colum- | nious system of self-deception, It does
Hit University, early bedame a factor | not consist in a make believe chase

the investigation of actual vehool | through a maxx of artificial classitica-
aatitione Certain menthers’ of Naltions to identify « plant or flower
Culty

pat to varias cities to examine inta arteh Fre is ae ibe sgnat
J(* school systems The surveys which Lactence news, 4 ’
D Mwy brepared were mtr: bus ao Botan deals. with, the

   

wet sbi

obivined leaves of absence and ‘the name of which we knew before we; similar q@mployment.

    

wld Rd AY

Dr. Caldwell is 47 years old and in. jhe went around to an open window |

and shouted through the bars.
| “Go on awhy from there and let
me sleep!" came a gruff voice: from
within:

“Are you the jailer?”
reporter,

“Naw, I'm just in the jail. The
| jailer don't live here. Git away from
here and dori't bother me.”

inquired the

genre eaes

| HE popping of soda water bottle

corks no longer punctuates the

productions at the Yiddish thea-
; tres. No longer is heard the hiss of
| the sibilant straw as the carbonated
| fluid flows upward with the unfolding
of the plot. Yet soda pop is still the
beverage of the East Bide theatre-
goer, who seemingly cannot enjoy a

 

“Is any one else in the jail?” the} play unfess he is eating and drinking,

reporter persisted.
“No. Now beat it; I gotta git some
sleep.” .

|
iC

 

LIMBING to work has been usu-
ally associated with’ sailors,
steeplejacks, miners and men of

The passing of the popping cork
and the sibilant straw from the East
Side resorts of the drama is but an-

Other step in the forward march of
progress. Just as the old fashioned
growler gave way before the = on-

|slaughts of the sabitary beer con-

One would not} tainer, so have the pop bottle and its

class janitors amorg those who have | companion straw disappeared with the

lo use
their

3

lng A dls

# when going to or from | appearance of the paper cup on the
ily labors. Yet janitors do| scene.
<i * ‘

    

a a nthe nena weet

 

along with a few jewels and soine furs
But everything else I the
world”- Mme,

have in

and Sembrich smiled

rather disconsolately—- ‘ds seques-
trated by the French Government and
is in Nice.”

Mme, Sembrich had settled in Nice
to make her permanent home when
the war broke out,

“After looking the world over,” she
jsaid, “for a place ia which | could

Jive and enjoy myself after the storm
and stress of the day was over, | set
tlhed on Nice. Tt suited my tiushand
health perfectly, and my own, al
though | don't mind saeing that t like
a somewhat more invigeratirg climate

for winter, Bul it was the best of all

\
\\

“Keep on Si

| house,

|a while and then buy.

gi

 

the places we saw, and the villa was

beautiful. It was situated on a_ hill
outside the town, but within easy
reach. The gardens were wonderful.

‘Here,’ I said to myself, ‘vou can settle
down and enjoy life.’

“That was in the 1913;
that thirteen. I in the least
superstitious, but Just bear that num-
mind. We
Everything was arranged.
papers had even been drawn up.

year note

am net

ber in were to buy

The

““Suppose, suppose,’ I said one day
to my husband, ‘suppose we rent for

years we are still satisfied with the
Would it not be
Shall we rent then?’

villa, we can buy it.

>

wiser?

“He agreed with me and we took a!

lease for three years, to buy after that
time. But we never had in
and a half we lived there the slightest

the year

regret or any doubt that we should re-

ant gn
at

 
   

fa.” Says.
for Bel Canto Will Be Cherished —

Polish Soprano in Moment of Leisure Talks of Her|fossee:
Home in Nice and Her Belief in the Genuine
Artistry of the Singer

the |

 

 

i

ch.

 

Sembr

“You are known to be

; “I couldn't be idle to save my life,”
the singer said, as a look of disap-
| Dointment which she had worn during
the discussion of the song recitals
faded from her face. “I have been at
work ever since I was four years old,
dictates seemed even dangerous for the I came back from Lakewood the other
brownstone tower. | day because I had nothing to do down
“You see,” Mme. Sembrich wy | there and couldn't for the life of me

; : : just sit still and rest and gat my health

am not well yet after a year spent! back, as the doctor told me to. Just
working for Poland and another year! now I have my pupils to interest me.
trying to rest from that labor, which | I've only a few of them and teach only
lasted for twenty hours out of every | caean a in maivince’ ok a a is

eno PesTh SI y
tweny-four. You see, when I began it | me ee eee oe

occupy me,”
was very difficult to arouse any sym- It is of course inevitable that the
pathy in this country for the cause of | Treporter should ask the greatest au-
Poland. If I wanted any money to!thority on the subject to-day some-
send to my suffering country people 1 | thing of the art of song, which she
had to sing for it. It was just the! has represented so brilliantly for so
same when M. Paderewski begam. Hie|Many years,
found the only way to make the Amer- “It almost amuses me,” Mme. Sem-

said,

| icans contribute liberally to the Polish | brich sald, “to hear one say that good

Who knows | relief was by playing the piano.
what may happen’ But if after three | I am happy to say, there is more wide- | operas that are written to-day.
| spread sympathy for the cause.

 

> > ° b> 6 aap « a .* eam 't

Now, | singing is no longer necessary in the
You
will hear that « beautiful volce and

“Just why America took so little in- | youth are enough, with of course that
terest in the sufferings of Poland I attraction that comes from a beaatiful
have wever been able to understand.| face. Managers and others will say
It has not been possible to do too much to you that the world moves rapidly
for France because Lafayette came to, nowadays, that there is not time to
the assistance of this young country. devote to the acquisition of real skill
That is very noble, and America ought/|in singing, and that there ts only de-
to remember its gratitude in the way! mand to-day for the singers of dra-
it has. But what about Kosciusko? matic roles. They say the old routine
by which a young woman sang the
lighter music and then gradually
passed to the dramatic roles is a thing
of the past. There is no light muse
in the first place to sing, and young
singers must do what the managers
want them to.

“Of course it's true that there is lit-
‘tle or no patience nowadays for the
ov? Valian operas which used to de-
velop the art of singing in the light
sopranos until they were ready to ad-
vanee to heavier Toies. As a matter
of fact, there has only been one opera
written in the last twemty years which
contains a leading role for a light so-
prano, this is Mimi in ‘La Boheme.’
Puccini thought he had done his duty
by the light sopranos after that and
‘all the rest of his works have been
dramatic.

“Granting that a singer rarely has
the occasion now to appear as Gilda
or Rosina, it is perfectly true that her
career would be much longer if she
had the opportunity to learn the prin-
ciples of good winging and then to de-
velop her voice under those princi-
ples. But is it possible that a pretty
voice and a pretty face are to insure
to a singer a few years of popularity?
Is she then to drop out of view just
when she ought to be approaching
her zenith? Is the whole art of the
opera singer nowadays so trivial that
she need not acquire the principles of
the art of singing, which has always
been the greatest glory of the artist?
Beautiful voices are common enough,
but they are God given. It is the Ine
dividual effort of the singer that makes

them out of the ordinary. Great art-
ists have been made rather by their
musicianship and their skill in sing-
ing than by their natural voice. It
may be that for uw while the art of
singing will be regarded as of less im-
portunce than it has been, but it’s
bound to come into its place again;
| otherwise what is the urtistry in the
work! of opera’

Mme. Sembrich finds American

 

voices beautiful and pupils intelligent,
although there the national im-
patience to accomplish something be-
|fore there is adequate preparation.

is

; “When T was studying with Lam-
fperti in Milan,’ Mme, Sembrich said,
i ‘TL was at his studio at 9 o'clock in the

‘morning. T had the privilege of at-
! tending the other classes, and {t was 2
, oclon k in the ufternoon before T got
back to the little room in whieh my
mother and I lived. I never thought
;then that the work of the day was

ever It began afresh so soon as we
had finished our dinner in the pension.
T had to study Italian and Freneh and

\
|
'
|
i
| keep up my piano and violin, and there
\
j
!
'
|
|
!
'
!
|

was not a vacant minute in the day
until bedtime came

“Do you suppose there is a music
student who works like that to-day?

| After a girl has been studying for three
or four months she wants to arrange a
| recital programme with songs in
! French, Itallan and German. She ex-
pects to Know the whole thing by the
time she's had six months of instruc-
j tion | have studied six months on
on’ aria with Lamperti before IT dared
my mouth in pu It was that
oct for singing that made it an art
and made artists great in the days in

Den "
{ ope lc

j

 

 

 

 

- : a Which if was the art of song first
‘ . Pnolvugtaph Copyright by Mishkin 3 7 = oa
Marcella Sembrich. ” ; rather than beauty of voice, which
satisfied the managers and the public.
Ye ri , he he a 1
main there during the rest of our lives, |} Jud he not come to the defence of this} itt : ee when the two combined, @&
v too. j s ; they did i rare cases, there was
In August before the war we wet t eity , Just as fenerously and] Sntan tit 5 :
e = ; ; nobly as he could?" I s0n
| 1 tol N R man | Mine, Sembrich has never since t | But don't ever believe that the
have never been Lete for two year wur began allowed herself to bel #rt which has made the singer famous
i
we paid the rent and there all of our dragged into any expression of the po-}in the world is going to be neglected,
proper ‘ 1 My jewels, my sil } phases of Poland’s history at}and that a few years of au fresh voive
tim She was unwilling therefore | Willend the career, That indeed would
Ve eve souveniv eollected during @ .
to say a word concerning the establish- | be an appalling outlet for the singer,
, ] * is? ’ © ° .
my caureer-—all the possessions are meat of a Polish kingdom once again,! and the death mill of all artistry.
in the Credit Lyonnais at Nice Molities she leaves to statesmen, and; Whether or not there will be in the
“My furniture, books and pictures her only sympathies have been to help| tuture operas written for the singers
' Bi DIONE the suffering women and children of ;of lighter voice Mme, Sembrieh did
everything that was too large to be) pe, country. l not pretend to say She professed
sent to the bank -—they are now stored “You may see.” Mme, Sembrich went; complete ignorance of the turn that
in Nice, We could not keep the house | 0% “how far Lam from having recov. | the thoughts of composers might teke.
any longer We could not agree to ered myself when I had to give up | The operas that wo used to look
é u ’ four histerical recitals that I plamned! upon as old fashioned,” she said with
jbuy it, as PE don't know when we ein tg give at Aeolian Hall Vor years 1) 4 smile, “have now disappeared alto-
return, The owner wanted to have it) have had the ambition to give this edu-| gether from the operatic repertoire
free to sell; so our possessions were CHtional and musical series, whieh T) and a much more complicated school
1! a o ’ re ' | Aas ‘ ] , ’ ‘0 1€ “ .
put in storage Tam only hopeful that felt would | f immense interest to all | has taken their place We used to say
ae ; sliidents OF song Last May | began to! that the young should jJearn opera by
after ill omy wont le there lon wor on oa select of » song ind | he iring the works of Rossini, Doni-
Deep down ino my heart there is th re is me telling how many I've tried | zetti and Verdi) before they bexsan to
feeling that after all Lam going back Gul during the unmer at my home in} listen to the operas of Wagner, but
to live in Nice some das Personally \direndac) \fferward when T) nowadays even Warner is simple. His
immed to New York | have often operas have taken the place of the old
I could live anywhere, but Nice do heen at the piano until 11 o'clock atj Italian works, and nowadays it is Dee
agree so Well with my husband,” night It took a long time to seleet the | bussy or Riehard Strauss or Stravin-
In the meantime Mme. Sembrich and best of the material available and then! sky who composes the modern music,
her husband are IRAA ITAA AIIE wie eeu the words amd the interpreta-|so the times have very mueh changed,
: tion of the song as well as the music, |} but there are al ve %
suite far up in the Hotel Gotham : nay ie : ame ® are always heautitul songs
Somy nerves were all exhausted when) for the concert stage which suit every
“Outside that window Mme. Sem the time came for the converts and my! voice, and singers should be content
brich said, pointing to the north knees trembled with weakntss at the with them when the composers have
thas towAl of a) oes rT anna firstone, T hated to give up this proje | ceased to write for any but dramatie
{ on which IT had spent so much! an ‘clamatory og!
reach across the street and push. it me GORE eae rs n a luch und declamatory voices,
downh 1 could ee Central Parl 2 BS OBE OF LC RURBLION to} "And about your teaching?"
own ile ‘ ' é Punts 1 | Mme. Sembric ,
pe § ibrich threw up her hands
Wouldn't it be delightful te look o M Sembrich smiled rather pa-|in despair.
the window and see the green trees’ Tuetleally at the theught of all the} “AIL | ean say about it,” she admite
‘ ' 1 { } ”
But ae io winilod juefully, #4 i Wisted, but refused tn omit) ted smilingly is that | teach singing.
don't helleve —Toam trong enough 1 ei olf ua to % ts s e tight ge on It is voice, voice and voice interpres
: ae See With the work, So it seems plainly un- It ition- that can come later when one
do j lb se Ve heen sic Hed whether ar net eloever foel! Knowe how to interpret Shouldn't
Mine, Sembrich did not jook strong eo Wel enough to put before the }singers, however, know tirst how te
enough to put her plans about the World thi treasure of son selocted | ing?”
steeple of the Fifth Avenue Presby poe ae oy ‘aes | Th Suite CeeBe? ne male Siepute
eck : , ' the art seag from the folk measures ton this point the reporter retired,
terian Church into effect, but the de- of the most simple people,

itermination which her appearance in-

 
 

   
 
 
 

leaving Mine. Sembrich in victory with

“But you never ure igle?” the re- | peace,

 

 

 

om
‘

ie

ag

:)

Pe Os