SECTION 6.

EIGHT PAGES,

 

 

OFFICE MESS

letters Written by Mrs,
Gornwallis-West to Lieut.
Barrett and His Reply.

 

ED TO IIS TRANSFER

Woman Prominent in English
society Took an Interest in
a Wounded Soldier.

Apecial Correspondence to Tap Sun.

Loxvon, Jan, 17.—In the entire his-
tory of tho great war few events have
w profoundly aroused public opinion in
great Britain as what is now known as
“he War Office petticoat scandal,” in
shich Mrs. Cornwallis-West, mother of

sduchess and a princess and one of the
yading social figures of Great Britain,
jas played the principal part.

of the findings of the official
'gourt of inquiry have already been ca-
wed to New York, but the letters of Mrs,
(ornwallis-West furnished further inter-
ming details of the case.

Much is left to the imagination in the
ficial synopsis of the affair, but the
mal story of Lieut. Barrett and Mrs.
Cornwallis-West is as dramatic and full
# human interest as any play ever
gaged. It is the story of a society
wader of dazzling position and power
ang a humble soldier whose one aim in
Me was to succeed in his profession.
| Pescribed by those who know him as a
young man of high character, gentle
manners and of @ reticent and retiring
vature, Lieut, Barrett, who is now 27,
entered the army in 1902, when only a
boy, and was serving in his regiment,
the Royal Welsh Fusiliers—the gallant
od Twenty-third—when war broke out.

His battalion formed part of that lit-
te army which silently and secretly—in
te dead of many nights—left Britain in
the fateful days of August, 1914, to ap-
par in the path of the German invaders
then triumphantly marching on Paris,
Barrett fought with his regiment in the
retreat from Mons and took part in much
of the terrible fighting at the battles of
the Rivers, the Marne and the Aisne.
In the battle of the Aisne he was ge-
verely wounded, being shot in the liver
and the lung.

| Interested in Wounded Soldier,

After being in hospital for some time
he Was sent to Bryncelin, the house of
Mr. and Mrs. Birch at St. Asaph, Den-
Vighshire, which had been generously
converted by Mr, Birch into a conva-
leseent home for wounded soldiers, That
was in February, 1915, Barrett being a
wrgeant. He remained at Bryncelin
rough the summer and autumn of
1915, and, as in other establishments for
wounded soldiers, there were many vim-
‘ors, included among them being Mrs.
Cornwallis-West, who paid frequent vis-
isto Bryncelin. «here of course among
many other soldiers Mrs, West saw Bar-
rett, and it was in him that she took
‘ost interest. Such interest, indeed, that
sventually, some time in the autumn, she
‘iggested to Barrett that he ought to
Sold commissioned rank. Owing to her
representation a commission was ob-
tained, and on this matter there is no

   
  
 
  
   
   
   
    
   
  

criticism, as the court of inquiry found| truthful evidence she gave before us.”

that Mr. Barrett was In every way suit-
ime for the promotion,

ARITISH WAR

 

|

{

—————

 

 

 

very much, 1 have been awake most
of the night thinking over all you have
said and written to me, You must not
mind the mistakes, because I have not
got my books with me. I have always
tried to live an honest and upright life
and I have so far succeeded, though I
have been a common Tommie. | must
speak my mind on paper, which I don't
seem able to do when I am with you,
80 I must tell you I don't like the way
you have written about Mrs, Birch,

I came to Bryncelyn a very sick
Man and she nursed me back to life
and she and Mr. Birch gave me a
home life for which I had always
prayed. She does not have a tight
rein on me and I don't know what you
mean about the man speaking in me.
It will be a great sorrow when I have
to leave the only home I have ever had
and her wonderful motherly care for
me. J respect her for all the good
work she is doing, and I don’t like thé
way you speak about my letter not be-
ing safe In the post bag at Bryncelyn.
She is an honorable woman and would
scorn having anything to do with other
people's letters, and considering how
very nicely she always speaks of you
to me it hurts me very much,

My heart ts in my work and I want
to get on end make a name for myseli
and show you and all those that have
been kind to me how I value their
help. I don't think I could look Col.
West in the face because you kiased
me; he was very good to me. I don’
want to understand poetry. 1 only
Want to live a good life and serve my
God and King, I don’t understand
why you called me darling, when Mrs.
ae » Mrs, . Mrs, .
Mrs. ——, Miss or Mrs. Biren
never do, and they do not want to
teach me poetry. I hondr and respect
you very much, and some day I hope
to be able to do something for you.
Your notes frighten me very much,
Ou see, my religion, as you know,
compels me to go to confession, and
it is the first time in my life I shall
not be able to confess properly.

Will you please make some excuse
for not asking me to Ruthin or
Bryncelyn? If you do not do this I
shall tell them I intend to work all
Sundays for my promotion. I shall
always pray that God will give you
good health to continue the good work
you are doing. You must forgive me
for writing plainly my thoughts, and
believe me always yours ever grate-
fully, Patrick Barrett. |

 

 

 

 

 

 

Transferred at Woman's Request.

This was the letter which precipitatea
the drama. Mrs. West resented the at. |
titude of her protege and made represen- |
tations with a view to having him re- |
moved to another district. She alleged
that he had acted in an ungentlemanly |
and improper manner toward her and}
sald that he had pursued her with his
attentions. It has been said that she
attempted to get him sent to the front,
but there is no truth in this allegation.
AS a result of her representations, how-|

|

 

ever, Lieut. Barrett was transferred to
another battalion of the Welsh Fusiliers
in circumstances which made it seem to!
Lieut. Barrett that he was in disgrace. 1
At any rate, the culminating effect of |
these incidents was to plunge him into,
a more serigys illness. He became men- |
tally unbalanced, made an attempt on,
his life, the weapon exploding as it was |
taken from his hand by Mrs? Birch. Mr. |
and Mrs. Birch thereupon approached |
the late Sir Arthur Markham, who took |
the matter up with characteristic en- |
ergy, Asa result of his action a special
court of inquiry was formed, the report |
of which, on Mrs. Cornwallis-West's ac- |
tion, said: ¢ }
“We feel obliged to record our opinion |
that this lady's conduct, as revealed inj
this case, has been highly discreditable. |
both in her behavior toward Second
Lieut. Barrett, before his letter of Feb- |
ruary 14, in her vindictive attempts to}
injure him afterward, and in the un- }
1
With regard to Lieut. Barrett the re- |
port says: “We reiterate our opinion |

Ruthin Castle, the home of Mr. and Mra, ited the grant of a commission made to |

Cornwallis-West, and had tea there.

nvalid chair.

On. him in December, 1915; that there has |
the first of these visits Lieut. Barrett, been nothing in his conduct since that
was carried up stairs and down in an: date which has been !n any way unbe-
A few days after the sec-! coming an officer and a gentleman, and |

 

ond visit to the castle Lieut. Barrett re-' that any censure which has been passed |
elved a letter from Mrs, West {n which! upon him in connection with the circum- |

she paid:

"If by any chance you are writing to! deserved,”

that dear boy (Lieut. Barrett himeelf)
we were talking about, will you give him
wy love and tell him I often think of
im."

This was signed “Mary Cornwallis-
West,” and there was a_ postcript,
Please don’t tell any one about that boy.
it ig Just my secret."

Delivered Her Own Letters.

Soon after this Mrs, CornwalliseWest

id a week end visit to Bryncelin. On

"8 Occasion the drama seems to have
‘oved rapidly, for while there she
‘tote to Lieut. Barrett three letters,
‘nd although he was under the same
‘of apparently personally delivered
‘em to him. One of these letters said:
“Boy, dear, I am just thinking of you

and your happiness. I see you are chaf-
8 a@ainst the tight hand over you.
“ow you are beginning to feel yourself
‘sain and the man in you is speaking;
*t you feel she has nursed you. She
has just told me you told her you did
not Want to go with me to Lady T
Y, I can quite understand it, dear,

£ you don't. 1 was only thinking for
you, But personally I would so love
just_ to have you quite to myself at
\—, and will arrange either for this
Saturday or next; this S—— she pro-
hosed to come too, but please, I want you
‘lone, so I will, | think, make it the fol-
owing Saturday, God bless you, dar-
‘lng.’ hate to see your poor, tired, wor-
"ed face this morning, and so want you
‘0 have peace. I commenced this be-
or going to church, D, B, has just said

 

|

stances of this case has been wholly un- |
The findings of the court of inquiry as|
to the actions of Sir John Cowans |
and Lieut.-Col. Delme-Radcliffe, in which |
both officers were censured, have been

cabled to the United States. |

WOMEN FOR SOLDIERS’ DUTY.

Called by Germany for Auxiliary
Service, Saye ‘Frankfurter Zeitung’

Special Cable Despatch to Tum Sun from the
London Timea.

Lonvpon, Jan. 27.—Civilians, {ncluding
women and youths, are to do the duty of
soldiers under the German mass levy,
according to an official notice published
in the Frankfurter Zeitung, which says
in part:

“An appeal will be posted shortly in
all garrison towns calling for the volun-
tary enrolment of men liable to auxil-
jary service, women and young persons.
They will be required to do sentry duty,
military fatigue details and clerical and
orderly work, as well as guarding rail-
way stations and bridges.”

 

'

|
BREAD CARDS IN HOLLAND.

Necessities of Life Increased ees]
' Than 50 Per Cent,

Special Cable Despatch to Tus Sun from the |
London Times.
Lonpon, Jan. 27.—It has been decided

 

sonseeconchicen

i

 

ph singel

 

e

 

F. W. Hirst, Well Known

British Financial Writer,

Insists Suffering of People Inspired
the Overtures.

 

Special Correspondence to Tum Sun.
LONDON, Jan, 17.—F, W. Hirst, who
for many years was editor of the Econ-
omist and is recognized as one of the

foremost authorities on financial mat-
ers in England, has come out as a/|
strong advocate of poace if peace is pos-
sible at the present time. In a letter
written to the Manchester Guardian Mr.
Hirst declares that the Entente Allies
should consider at once the offer made
by the Germans and should not refuse to
enter upon negotiations. Mr. Hirst's let-
ter follows:

“IT have been reading with much In-|
terest your articles on the peace notes
and have come to the conclusion (after
much reflection upon the position in
Germany as shown in the newspapers |
and reports of neutrals) that the Ger-
man overtures were genuine and that
the non-disclosure of terms is probably
due to the Government's fear that the
concessions it is ready to make to the |
Allies cannot be published until they |
can be associated with peace.

“Therefore, as it seems to me, the ob-
jection taken to a conference, though |
plausible, is erroneous.

Germany Already Punished.

“Another objection taken to negotia-
tions is that Germany has not been pun-
ished. I make bold to say that the suf-
fering already inflicted on the popula-
tions of Germany and Austria in these
two years and a half is heavier than
any previous visitation in historical
times. And I have been told by a com-
petent neutral expert that more people
(especially children) are likely to die
in Germany after the war from tuber-
culosis and other diseases caused by in-
sufficiency of fat than have perished by
wounds and diease during the war it-
self!

“Thirdly, I would ask, can a
longation of the war based on the hope
of overwhelming victories be justified in
the interests of the small nationalities |

 

pro- |

|
|

 

 

DESCRIBES DUGOUT

RAID BY CANADIANS,

London “Times” eS
dent Says Soldiers First
Learned German.

 

Special Cable Despatch to Tux Stn from the |
London Times. |

LoNnpDON, Jan. 27.—A Times correspond- |
ent with the British army in the field!
writes the following description of a raid
on German trenches, made on the Somme
front:

A full account of the raid made by
Canadians on the German lines near Ca-
lonne on January 17 serves to show that
the raid, though soon over, received
much care from the staff officers and the
men who carried it out. The Canadian
lads were set to studying the German)
language and acquired some phrases,
such as “Raus” and another phrase ex-
piaining that if the Germans stuyed down

Farly in February, 1916, he visited; that Second Lieut. Barrett entirely mer- | they must expect the worst immediately,

Our men hate the necessity of bomb-
deep dugouts, full of the frightened en-
emy, but the time is short and bombing
is necessary if orders are not obeyed at |
once. A modest Canadian officer said he |
called down one dugout six times, shout- |
ing in German on this occasion,

Rurned Battalion Orders.

“I didn't want to bomb it,” he said.
“T knew the number below. Every time}
I shouted a voice replied, ‘Yes,’ in good ;
English. At last out came a German}
company commander, a sergeant-major, |
with foar others. He apologized for de-
laying and said he had been burning the |
battalion orders. He had only just time, |
though.” '

Three men were detailed to stay be- |
hind and when the German wire was}
reached to cut paths, It happened that}
our guns made a beautiful mess of that |
wire. Nevertheless these three cut the;
tangle into short lengths and the shorter |
boys went over at 8 in the morning.
After an active walk of four minutes |
the first wave of raiders was at the |
first line. In twenty minutes the second
line was reached, The affair moved ;
with unfaltering precision. The enemy's |
front line had been strengthened and
the assembly trenches manned with sup- }
ports, Their losses were heavier in con-
sequence,

 

Used Aeroplane Photographs.

The judgments of the Canadian of-
ficers were formed by guesswork from
aeroplane photographs. All proved cor- !
rect. Each Canadian by consulting his |
watch recognized each particular Ger-
man trench and did his appointed work
till all was over, A friendly snowstorm
masked the homeward journey, which
began one hour after the start.

Said a German non-commissioned of-
ficer sadly:

“If you had only come the day be-

 

{plosives and shrapnel.

which are suffering so enormously? Is
it not to their manifest interest that the
war should end as soon as their integrity
and independence can be secured?

' More Favorable to Entente,

“Lastly, there is the question of pres-
tige. We are losing men and money at
an appalling rate, Ought we not to risk
everything for the expectation of some-
thing Ike a combination of Waterloo
and Trafalgar? I would reply that this
war of conscript nations with the mod-
ern machinery of destruction—under-
ground or undersea—does not lend it-
self to the romantic and sensational bat-
tles of history.

“Moreover—as it seems to me—the
naval, military and economic situation
to-day is more favorable to the Allies
than to the Central Powers. Militarily
the Allies occupy considerable territo-

ries of Austria and Turkey and most of |

the German colonies. Altogether they
occupy far more of enemy iand than the

| enemy occupies of allied land.

Navally Defeated From First.

“Navally the Central Powers have
been defeated from the first. Their mer-
chant shipping 1s suspended. Their for-
eign trade has been practically.at an
end for more than two years, They are
reduced to a desperate submarine war-
fare, Internally they have suffered far
more than the Allies, Their privations
are severe. In regard both to food and
raw material they have been much
worst off than ourselves or the French
or the Italians,

“I say then, that they have suffered
defeat, and, further, that (in view of the
approach of a general famine) we may
be now in as good a position as we shall
be six months or a year hence to obtain
the kind of peace which reasonable meu
look for, There ehould be the same
readiness among statesmen and their ad-
visers 48 among business men to discount
the future,”

NEW ZEALANDERS
HEROISM DESCRIBED

Malcolm Ross, War Correspon-
dent, Tells of Work of Doc-
tors and Nurses.

 

Special Correspondence to Tar Sen.
Lennon, Jan. 18.—An interesting artl-
cle written by Malcolm Ross, war corre-
spondent with the New Zealand forces,
and dealing with the work of the New
Zealand Medical Corps on the Somme,

‘has been issued by Sir Thomas Macken-

zie, High Commissioner for New Zea-
land. The following are extracts:
“No account of the fighting on the

Somme would be complete without refer-

; ence to the splendid work done by the
| New Zealand Medical Corps. It was on

September 13 that the corps ‘took ove!
from the English division that our troops
relieved, In a German dugout at a place

| known to us as Mat Iron Copse the ad- |

vance dressing station was established
It was all the thre under shell fire. Two
of the orderlies were killed on the first
afternoon. Several bearers were killed
in the vicinity of Thistle Alley, another
station, Others were wounded.
night both doctors and men worked for
hours in their gas helmets
not “an easy job,

Battle Was Raging Near By.

“Two thousand yards away was Flers, |
about which the battle raged for scene!

time. From there the bearers had to
carry uphill over sodden ground through
a fairly heavy barrage of 6.9 high ex-
It was a long
and difficult job, but rain or shine they
never ceased their efforts, Im many
eases it took six bearers five hours to
bring a wounded man from the relay
post 500 yards south of Flers. A medi-
¢al officer and twelve men were sent out
there. The post was no sinecure. There
it was that Major Martin and Capt.
Boyle were killed. They were splendid
fellows and very brave.

“During the whole of the first weel:
the Germans kept up their barrage, with
a view to preventing transport and
troops getting up to Flers, but during the
whole of the fighting not a single man
ever hesitated to go forward when re-
quired,

Worked Without Sleep or Food.

“Some of the bearers worked for
forty-eight hours, some for seventy-two,
without sleep and with but little food.
One who brought a wounded man right
down to Flat Iron Copse was at the
finish almost worse than his pattent.
Another bearer was wounded, but went

on carrying in other wounded till
wounded a second time. He was shot!
in the leg, Later he was shot in the

arm, but even then he picked up his
stretcher and wanted to carry on, and
would have done so were it not for the
fact that a doctor had ordered him away.

 

WHY GERMANY SUGGESTED

CONFERENCE ON PEACE) \INGRRIN AUSTRIA

il ne cass sesana siadlteincsfaceaeaiateeteadaa

One |

and that is}

  

co a SEY Hay mee

NEW YORK, SUNDAY, JANUARY 28, 1917.— copyriont, Senay. the = Printing and Publishing Association,

LETTERS DISCLOSE |

Riots and Anti-War Demon-
strations Also Described in

| Missives Italians Find.

ECONOMY FOR SOLDIERS |

semneMcneer:

Latter Also Complain That|

They Have Insufficient Food
tind Other Supplies.

!
j
|
'
|
|

'
Special Correapondence to Tut Svs.
Rome, Jan. 1U—-Ordinary letters sent |
to Austrian officers and soldiers on the)
front are naturally censored and there- |
fore they contain no information about |

the real internal conditons of the coun: |
try. There are special letters of great |
| Interest, however, and of extreme value |
| to the Italian Intelligence Department,
which are carefully picked up on the |
battlefield and as carefully preserved in |
the archives, These letters have not been
censored,

An officer's wife or other member
of his family occasionally succeeds in
'evading censorship by smuggling letters
| which are generally sent by hand, the

bearer being a brother officer or an or-
derly, The men get such letters from
their families as well. |
| An officer's wife writing to her hue-
band on August 30 from Vienna says:
“We lack everything. We have no flour,
no bread, no fat and cooking has be-
come u problem, In order to get any-
thing to eat one must waste hours, as
unless one buys early in the day all
available supplies are exhausted. Is this
a life worth living?” |

Another letter, dated October 6, runs as
follows: “Amalin and I had to wait from
6 to 10 this morning before we suc-/}
ceeded in getting a few pounds of po-
tatoes. Since last week we have had}
no light in the house, as we cannot get
oil, We are compelled to go to bed at
6 and get up at dawn in order to do our |
marketing early and thus get something |
to eat.”

Letters of Aristocrats,

 

 

Letters similar to the above are natur-
; ally written by people of the middle
| classes who are suffering severely from
the high cost of living. Those of the
better classes, members of the nobility
and uristocracy with ample means at
their disposal, do not make any allusion
to the difficulties encountered in getting
enough food to eat. Only the very poor
and those with limited incomes are
suffering hunger owing to the war. An
Austrian noblewoman writes as follows
to an officer at the front:

“If you can come to Vienna we will
‘marry, and the sooner the better, as I
'do not see why my wishes should be |

further delayed because some people are,
| not in a hurry to conclude peace.”

Another one writes: “Try and get
wounded slightly in your left arm with

a small Italian bullet. The Italians,

those pasty katzelmacher (makers of |
j plaster cats) are harmless and their
| Weapons are not very dangerous. Aji

small hole in your arm
and you wil! come to us a hero.
have a room ready for you and nurse
you. We can postpone our honeymoon
trip until after the war so that we can
go to Italy without being shot at.”

Speaking of decorations another wom-
an correspondent belonging to the Aus-!
trian nebility writes to an officer as fol-
lows “Do not think of impressing me |
with the news about your decorations for |
valor. A decoration does not count
much and even dogs are decorated now-
udays, Besides, all those who fight on
the Isonzo get decorated Besides, I
frankly do not belleve that you have!
| displayed sufficient courage to earn a
| decoration, According to past experi-
, ence with me lL know you are not over,
' courageous.”

News about riots and anti-war demon- |
Strvations in Austria, carefully suppressed
by censorship, oceasionally leaks out in
letters sent to officers at the front. Thus, 1
for instance, the wife of a Captain in
the Fifteenth Regiment Feldjaeger, wrote
to her husband on October 14 as follows:

“I hoped to go to Graz toward the
end of the month, but of course it will |
be impossible owing to the serious riot- ;
ing that is going on there now. All the)
shops have been wrecked and looted, |
especially jewellers’ shops, and even the |
fire brigade failed to disperse the rioters, |
for when an attempt wae made to use |
the fire engines the women cut oft the |
hose. <A state of siege has been pro-
| claimed since yesterday and it would |
| not be prudent for me to go there.”

two red spots,
T shall

 

  

|

| Roots With Wooden Soles,
|
| Boots with wooden soles are to be
| used by men on fatigue or trench duty,
| 80 that leather boots can be spared for |
| marching troops, Every scrap of metal !
| must be collected and saved. Nickel
coins are withdrawn and replaced by
| iron War money. Paper {s so scarce that
no new maps can be made, and officers
| are ordered to return to the Geographi-
eal Institute all the maps not in actual
; use, They are also warned not to use
j; paper for writing.
} Similar warnings and recommenda- |
tions about discarded uniforms, sand- |
bags and other articles of equipment |
are frequently found. The Colonel of a
Hungarian regiment ordered his men |
| “not to forget to take off the uniforms |
| and the boots of soldiers killed in ae-

 

 

Editorial—Sidelights on the War
—Books—Queries—Games and
Problems—Gardens—Schools

  

 

Sa ae ana aa

——

 

BROOKLYN ADVERTISEMENTS.
RAR AAA Ae

 

BROOKLYN ADVERTISEMENTS.

|
—_—_—_—eos"

 

FREDERICK LOESER & CO.

nee nee

ez alk Uouiblhecan: | |

BROOKLYN -NEW YORK

The Days of Inspection Are Here!
The Greatest

February Sale of Furniture
Presents Its Offerings Tomorrow.

HREE DAYS in which to view the offerings of the Greatest February Sale of Furni-
ture! Three days in which to weigh the values at Loeser’s—and to agree with us that
this sale surpasses our best events of previous years! This means without doubt, that
at Loeser’s will be held one of the greatest sales in the United States!

If you want good Furniture—good through and through; if you want Furniture that
is without equal at the price which you pay, you will share in this greatest of February
Sales at Loeser’s.

Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday—Days of Inspection
The Sale Starts on Thursday, February 1—Furniture May Ordered
‘ on the Days of Inspection for Delivery on or After February First

nave |

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Crowning Half a Year’s Preparation, Now Comes the

-Famous Winter Sale of China
Cut Glass : Lamps : Clocks Art Wares

ALF A YEAR OF PREPARATION is back of this event—but half a century of ex-
H perience and close-knit business relations with the foremost producers of the world

has made it possible.

It is the only American event of its kind in its class—and this year it is more mar-
velous than ever before.

For despite the difficulties of getting really fine wares which everyone knows about,
we have secured more China in the past few months than ever before in any similar
period. We have had exceptional success in maintaining old prices so that the great ad-
vances throughout the trade show little or no effect here as yet.

50c. to $3 Hand Painted China 98c. to $18 Cut Glass, G8c. to $11.98
Thousands of pieces of the finest Cut Glass are
Site thee A rate choicest hand. | included in this Sale. The Cut Glass alone, in-

; Pent 7 ; ; deed, is enough to make it an epochal event. In-
Wile ins reas viene Creat ae cluded is every wanted sort of Cut Glass, in rich

miter, floral and combination designs, at savings
$15 to $59 Electric Lamps

of a third.
$11.25 to $44.25 $45 to $150 Hall Clocks, $39 to $112
se deere comes off the regular price of these

Guaranteed Clocks in Oak and Mahogany cases,
Lamps for this event—the best Lamps, we believe,

striking hour and half hour, at savings of a fourth
that have ever been offered here or elsewhere at | over regular prices. Purchased today in the open
such remarkable prices. There is an unusual va-

market, these bay would be a er 25 more
riety of shades, including painted landscapes, | than Loeser’s regular prices, so that the Pevenes
flowers, art glass panels with cast metal frames in | are apparent. These Clocks are styles en we
overlay design; all are complete, ready for attach- | Will discontinue as it is impossible to duplicate
ment. | them; hence the reductions,
White and Gold Dinner Dishes 15c. Light Cut Tumblers, 10c
Special Values at 3c. to 75c

Good quality Table Tumblers cut with large
: ; bunches of grapes, three times around. One of
Of the best quality semi-porcelain decorated | our most popular 15c. Tumblers.
with gilt lines; fine plain shapes; every piece per-
fect in design and finish. Bb

‘ament. | $9.98 to $75 Dinner Sets, $7.98 to $50

1,500 Pairs of Nottingham Lace Curtains
59c. to $3.75 Pair Instead of $1 to $6
N IMMENSE STOCK of high grade Nottingham Lace Curtains goes on sale to-
morrow at prices we could not possibly match were we to place an order today.
It concludes a large purchase which we arranged for last April. There are
one hundred and thirty-five handsome patterns, including Filet, Brussels, French and
novelty patterns, all offered as follows:

59c. pair, instead of $1.
75c. pair, instead of $1.25,

   
  
  
   
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
     
   
   
   
   
   
     
          
          
        
 
   
       
     
      
          
        

 

$1.45 pair, instead of $2.25 and $2.75.
$1.89 pair, instead of $2.75 and $3.
95c. pair, instead of $1.50 and $1.75. $2.25 pair, instead of $3.50 and “$4.
$1.15 pair, instead of $1.75 and $2. $2.75 pair, instead of $4.50 and $4.75.
$3.75 pair, instead of $5.75 and $6.
Lacet Arabian and Marie Antoinette Panel Curtains
Fifty beautiful styles, including some scrim Panel Curtains.

$2.95 each, regular values to $4 | $3.85 each, regular values to $5 | $5.50 each, regular values to $7

 

  

Who Guarantees Your Piano?

‘<6 OUR MONEY BACK IF IT FAILS—I guarantee it,” shouts the street
vender as he extols the merits of his wares.
You may buy his offering, but you do not take much stock in his
guarantee.
“I manufacture and stand back of the
Te quality of my product,” says the manufac-
° turer.

A different sort of guarantee this—and
you give it consideration.

There are guarantees—and guarantees.

And there is one guarantee that is super-
lative; that offers you DOUBLE safeguard;
that makes it as easy for the young and inex-
perienced to select as for the shrewdest and
most skillful. .

The DOUBLE Guarantee Is

At the Basis of Loeser Service
and it is this which makes the buying of
Pianos and Player-pianos here very sure to prove satisfactory.

The Pianos and Player-pianos we sell are all fine, beautiful instruments, the
product of famous manufacturers and warranted by those manufacturers to be

     

 

 

all they should he.

to introduce bread cards in Holland, a} fore you would have captured the corps | He now proudly wears the riband of the} tion.’ The mistaken conclusion should | . a; é ;
' But in addition to the makers’ warranties is the LOESER guarantee—and

measure by which it is hoped to regulate | commander.” military medal, | not be drawn that the Austrians on the |

     
       
          
       
      
      
        
      
  
 
   
    

something to me. Boy, I trust you s0;
beleve every word you say; feel as if

 

 

 

You could no % . +}the now uneven distribution of that The prisoners, inany of them Sile- “Owing to the casualties in the New} Italian front are actually suffering hun- | , , , . ; isco ity P 3 re L .?
Well, t on eae 7 Ph Mm commodity, according to an Amsterdam} sjans, surrendered readily. Two small| Zealand Medical Corps, orders ol ger, but in many letters the words | we venture to say Roce in Se SOM MARNE ot aes ote aoe 6 has been
ow alone to-day Paray.” | despatch, The necessaries of life in}and one large ammunition dump were given by the army corps that regimental “hunger” and “starvation are fre- | _tried and proved during over half a century 1 E is the most
Later there was a second letter, which} Holland have increased between 50 and/ piown up, The death roll inflicted was} officers and other officers and bearers; quently used. important.
Bald; , 60 per cent. as high as 300, including, it is thought, | were to go out only at night. So far as, Thus a soldier writing from Cas- |
“Boy, she has said some cruel, hard a battalion commander. We took 100|1 could see, there was no very laudable! tanelvizza says: “We ate yesterday

 

prisoners, several machine ns da
British Patents on Increase. dees Mites guns an
Lonpon, Jan. 17.—Applications for | light.

patents which during the carly part of -_-——

the war dropped from a daily average

of 120 to 66 are now considerably on

NEW TAX FOR RICH BRITONS.
the increase, and whereas British trad- ~

ers formerly turned down every crank Dividends on American Securities

People are fast coming to realize that music is truly not a luxury but a
NECESSITY in their homes if those homes are to be all that they should be in
happiness and culture and uplift.

And it is the privilege of the Loeser Store to make the choosing of Piano or
Player-piano absolutely SAFE; to bring such purchases within the reach of
practically all homes; to devise methods of payment that are easy.

things to me to-day. intention of carrying out that order,

I think, dear, I “The New Zealanders salved their con-}

&0 to-morrow morning—she has

“ en very rude—but I would tell you all,
ae n we can sit at peace in my flower
recite I will teach you to love really
utiful poetry. Write to me often,
a ; Tam so weary of life sometimes.
t you post your letters at B——;

after two days of starvation, but some)
of the men had nothing to eat.” A non- |
sciences ‘by counting day as night. In! commissioned officer complains that the |
this way they got one long night of; rations for the duy consisted only of |
twenty-four hours. In other words, | biscuits.
they went right through, night and day ; |
many Instances of bravery and untiring)
devotion to duty in the big event might}
be given.

Our casualties were

 

 
   
 

      
    

No Trace of Optimism,
|
There is not the slightest trace of}

     

te Be Cut 10 Per Cent.

 

NOt in the bag here, It's not safe—just

88 you feel, express it—spell it as
You like; I shall understand,

“Patay.”
While before the day ended Lieut.

Barrett was the recipient of the follow-
ing effusion ;
ey, 8, I may be wrong, but I

t think Iam. Mrs, B, does nut, I
Sure, want you to come to me next
wrday and will stop it somehow by
a 44h oe not strong enough or
; n Major ——- or something. But
want you so, so much to come, dear.
mind how I treat you to-day;
ie, S0OW the real me, Patsy, all
_ 8nd understand.”

Rarrett'n Agitated Reply.

  
   
   
   
  
    
  
  
  
    

 
 
  

     
    
   
  
   
  

e human

you"
the

 Meut, Barrett's reply to this le a re-
Marka’ document clearly.

     
 
  

     
  
   
  
 
  

oninventor with a new idea, the tendency
is now to at least consider any feasible
proposal in view of a prospective com-
mercial trade war and the necessity of
speeding. up manufacturing generally.
The Patents Office is busy granting
patents for labor saving devices, while |
patents for tools in munition manufac-
ture previously purchased in America
have heen freely applied for.

 

Creates tor Four War Reporters.
Beeun, Jan. 14.—Four of Germany's,
war ts who

Lonpon, Jan 17.—Despite the fre-
quent and urgent appeals of the treas-
ury British holders of a considerabie!
amount of American eecurities have not |
yet responded to the invitation to sell!
or lend their stocks and bonds to the;
Government. . Those who have thus.
failed to realize the urgency of the treas- !
ury invitation will get a reminder this’
month in the shape of a deduction of
the penal income tax of ten per cent.
from their next dividends, this being
in addition to the regular income tax,
which runs in many cases ae high as
twenty-five per cent.

It is known that a very large amount
of the seourities owned by British sub-
Jects always has been held in New York,
and this amount has been considerably
Increased eince the outbreak of war.

 

     

““There were men who day and night
went out under shell and machine gun
fire, time and again, and at great risk of
their own lives saved the lives of many
‘wounded who otherwise would have died
or been killed. Some of them worked
continuously collecting wounded under
fire for twenty hours at a stretch. But
there is no need to multiply instances,

Our stretcher bearers earned undying |

fame in Gallipoll, The Somme en-
hanced the lustre of their laurels,

‘The work of the doctors from begin-
ning to end was magnificent. They do
not say much about it themselves, but
those of us who saw something of it
can estimate It at its true value, and the
estimate is a very high one.

“At all the advanced dressing stations
and ald posts they were under fire, but
they stuck to their work day and night,
with a heroism worthy of the best tra-
ditions of British doctors, Three out of
our emall band lost thelr lives on the
Somme.

   

  

optimism to be found In the letters of |
Austrian soldiers, and as for patriotism
| it is suffictent to say that officers and
‘men of Polish, Ruthenlan, Bohemian and |
! Salvonic nationalities consider Austrians
as foreigners

Soldiers’ letters are more exprensive |
{of hatred against the Austrian authori-|
; ties, “May God punish those who
| started this war,'® writes a soldier, |
while another is still more explcit:
“Who started this war etays safely in
his palace,”

A Hungarian soldier found dead had
the following letter in hie hand: ‘May |
he who started this war be cursed, even
if he is an Mmperor, May God punish
him and our cowardly officers who keep
away from the firing line and spend their
days drinking.”

It is significant that soldiers dare to
write such imprecations and risk being
@hot, because it is a fact that although
the morale of the Austrian army is low
discipline ix moet severe and death is
the penalty for a.y complaint,

 

    
    
    
  
   
  

The development of that service has given to this Store the name among

many people of
“The P&&ino House of Brooklyn”

and to measure up to the highest application of that title is our endeavor at all
seasons,

Six eminent makes of Pianos and Player-pianos are here for easy com-
parison and intelligent selection. They are

The Peerless Kranich & Bach
Gabler Francis Bacon Gordon & Son Bjur Bros.
Pianos $198 up Player-pianos $395 up
Make Your Own Payment Terms---In Reason
On any instrument of your choice you may suggest a plan of payments.
Unless it is beyond the bounds of good business reason, we will gladly let you
have your instrument on your own terms.

Fourth Floor,

    
   
    
  
  
 

    
  
   
  
     
  
 
  
  
   
     
  
  
 
  
 
 
     

   
  
    

   
  
    
  
 
    
     

 

     
 

Estey