Police Efficiency Is Seen in the Good
Work Done by the Bomb Squad

Organized Only a Little Over Two Years Ago Its

a

Fame Has

HE conversation turned to po-
efliciency—this ai few

| nights ago among a group of

men in an uptown club, Bath sought
to explain how the bluecoats and de-
tectives in two short years had ceased
to be criticised and were now praised.

“It's because Arthur Woods, the
Commissioner, has made fewer bad
guesses than any uf his predecessors.
He has put into effect reforms that
have in nearly all metances netted 100

per cent. in results,” commented one.

“The introduction of scientific
methods to make experts of policemen
in all their activities,” another re-
marked, “tells the story.” /

“The age is one of specialization,” a
third contributed, “and this has been
applied to the Police Department.
Those men from whom real mental
effort is cxpected work within a les-
sened scope and hence think more in-
tensively.”

“fo my mind the standard has been
lifted and crime statistics lowered be-
cause Commissioner Woods has held to
the theory that crime prevention fs as
important as crime detection, In other
words, it is of as much benefit to the
community to halt criminals in their
incipiency as to trap a trained male-
factor,” said another.

The last word was left for the man
to Whose opinion on police matters
dogmatism could attach. He had been
an important official in the department
and now occupies a position of na-
tional importance.

“All of you are right,” he remarked,
“and the test of your individual and
collective judgments is contained in
the operations of the bomb squad.”

It was just two years ago last fall
that the squad: was organized. In this
short space of time its fame has
spread internationally. There are
Italians in Sicily, listed among the
most undesirable, who maintain their
permanent residence there because of
what happened to some of their coun-
trymen of Black Hand _ tendencies
here. Berlin newspapers have printed
columns in condemnation of the activi-
ties of the bomb equad against Ger-
man plotters here. Inversely, the
journals of Paris and London have
given the squad editorial approbation.

In September, 1914, the Black Hand
workers by general consent decided
to suspend operations. In the two
previous years they had set more than
300 infernal machines. Finally. one
night Capt. Tunney, then in charge
of a branch detective bureau, rounded
of the ringleaders of.one bomb plant-
ing group. They confessed they had
“sprung” about 100 dynamite ma-
chines. It was a syndicate that Tun-
ney fell upon. They accepted bomb
commissions from other Black Hand-
ers, In one case in which a member
of the group had been thwarted in
love his commiserative brethren set
a bomb under the home of the gir.

In that same month the town was
crowded With the unemployed. The
Hotel De Gink was in full favor, the
1. W. W.'s were rampant and the ad-
vantages of mob violence were more
and more openly urged by the anarch-
iste. There had been demonstrations
against men of wealth,

In the previous July four men, of
whom Arthur Caron was the Jeading
spirit, were killed while making a
bomb. Anarchism threatened to run
riot. It was in this crisis that Com-
missioner Woods took Tunney away
from his branch detective bureau and
told him he wanted him to stamp out
the evil. Two men were assigned to
ald him.

Plots laid before the three began work
were brought to maturity before they
could prevent it. On the evening of
October 13 a bomb was planted against
one of the pillars of St. Patrick's Ca-
thedral. That same night a bomb was
thrown into the vestibule of the
Chureh of St. Alphonsus. It was be-
lieved that both of these were ,of I.
W. W. origin because there had been
hostile demonstrations against both
churches,

More men were added to Tunney’s
squad, There were no further out-
rages of importance that winter. Not
until March 2, 1915, was the bomb
squad publicly recognized as a factor
of worth. This , appreciation came
throngh the nipping of the second plot
to blow up the cathedral. It was a

lice

| blows against the shipping traffic of
Allies. ‘

Spread

[askew dragged him out into the aisle.) warrant making arrests and the as-|

Abarno was in the path of a astient
avalanche of men.

grasp the situation until he was

He did not quite |

Internationally as the
Tireless Foe of Plotters of All Kinds

sistance of secret wervice agents was
requested for the final roundup. They.
found they had as the ringleader Rob- |

dragged out into the street handcuffed, | ert Fay, Lieutenant in the army of the |

Before the worshippers lifted their! Kaiser, too wearer of an Iron Gross

heads from prayer it was over. They
knew nothing of it. Polignano, pre-
sumably a prisoner, was put into an

automobile with Abarno and then Car- |

bone, the other conspirator, was picked
up. The anarchists could not explain

how their plans had miscarried: they | ton

did not suspect Polignano.

They had little cause. He seemed as
dazed as they over the outcome. He |
Was put in a cell near them. He was!
taken away from them fer long hours
| of questioning such as they had been
| Subjected to. To a!l intents and pur-

| Poses Polignany still was their com- |
rade. And’so he would have remained |

until the men had gone to trial.
Tt had been planned by Tunney, who
devised the Belasculike climax to the

; Pilot, that Polignano should be treated ;

jexactly as if he were an anarchist,
that he was to go’ to the Tombs with
the/ others. Before the time came for
[his trial he was to be permitted to
jescape. Thur, it was believed, he would

| be of more use to the police among the |
, anarchists. |

An alert reyprter spoiled the plan. ;
| He recognized Polignano as a police- |
;mMan and telephoned the story fo his
| office before he could be headed off.
‘Perhaps this unexpected denouement
| did interfere with |
, Tunney. }

the schemes bf
At the same time it accom. |

| plished good results. |

}

) the inner circle. The Reds scrutinized |
}®ach other and came to the conclusion |
| ihat cne could not be too sure of one’s
companions. :

All the schemes that had been brew- |
ing, every little conspiracy intended
for the bedevilment of the city, ended
forthwith. At one blow the active an-
| archists were shoved into the discard.

Since that time most of them have
given up bomb propaganda and are
{riding in their automobiles on the
proceeds of lectures.

With the end of the anarchist activ-
ity for the season of 1915-16 the T. W.
W.'s also departed; the guests of the
Hotel De Gink were dispossessed.
After their departure some of the
| Black Hand groups decided to sixg-
| nalize their existence. They set aj}
|; bomb under the Bronx Borough Hall |
on the night of May 3 and dropped}
one into the basement of Police Head- |
quarters on July 6. |

In the stress of other events both
explosions were regarded as only in- |
cidents. More important things were |
requiring the attention of Tunney an!
his force, which had been considerably
augmented. German agents and their
official accelerators were planning

the
There had been several minor out-
rages. Then in the fall of 1915, a
year after the organization of the
bomb squad, Commissioner Woods put
into Tunney's hands the work of sup-
pressing these plots. He gave him as
a beginnings information to the effect
that two Germans were purchasing
large quantities of T. N. T., which is
the trade name for trinitrate of tuluol,
an exceptionally dangerous explosive. |

There was not a single group of an- |
jarchists in the city that was not dis- |
| organized by the news that a police |
{imav’ had mingled with the most virn- |
plent group and had been received into |

| years in Atlanta penitentiary.

ithe Welland Canal plot,

gained fur gallantry in the battle of
the Marne. With bin was his brother-
in-law, Walter Scholy |

Fay tad been working on a marine
| mine. It wes a device he intended to
}#et agaiost the rudder posts of muni-
carrying veesels. The timing

|made it possible for the mine to re-
jamain

sulbinerged for three or
days bofore explosion.
Several other important
grew out of the investigation of the
| plot Among the men seized in con-
| nection with the Fay scheme were Dr.

four

arrests

FIGUREHEAD AND BOW
ORNAMENT OF THE CINCINNATI. “

Herbert Kienzle, son of tne weaitniest |
clockmaker in Germiny, and Max
Breitung, nephew of KE. N. Breitung,
owner of the steamship Dacia, which
provoked an international complication

| soon after the outbreak of the war.

Fay, Scholz and Daesche, anottter
accomplice, have been tried and con-
victed. Fay got a sentence of eight
He es-
cuped a few months after his im-
prisonment and now is believed to be
in Mexico. F

Fyom the moment of the arrest of
Fey the Government placed implicit
reliance upon the bomb squad. It re-
quested Commissioner Woods  fre-
quently for assistance in handling
cases which had an angle in or near}
New York. So it came about that;
Tunney's men worked side by side with |
the secret service men of Chief Will- |
jam J. Flynn and with the Department
of Justice agents of William N. OMey

All three sets of detectives were eim- |
ployed in working out the details of |
This was the |
conspiracy hatched here to blow up the;
Canadian waterway. Its real promoter |
was in the German diplomatic service. |
It’ was this case that involved Paul |

The bomb squad men traced the de- Koenig, described as the head of the
livery of the T. N. T. to a garage on|New York secret service of the Kaiser.
j the Jersey side of th» r’ver opposite! When Koenig was arrested it was
(Grant's Tomb. They watched and dis- | found that the first clue had been
covered that the plotters after long obtained by one of Tunney’s men,
hours of work went into the woods| Valentine Correll. He with others of
for their experiments. One day De-|the bomb squad men had insinuated |
tectives Murphy and Fennelly sat in; himself into German circles. While |
a tree for eleven hourg waiting for|in the heat of a debate denouncing |
these experiments. Their patience} the Allies he met a man named Fuchs, |

|

 

“Posing as an electrician,” returned
Senff, catching the spirit of the in-
quiry immediately. “I nave been sent
here to give you what help I can.”

“Good,” responded Von Kleist, “then

‘© over to the Hoboken piers and warn
ecker, Bode and Wolpert.”

He gave him further instructions as
| to how to reach them, how to convince
‘ |them he was an authorized agent of
Fuchs put his troubles before his | yon Kleist, The Becker he referred to,
sympathetic friend. | mtrnest Becker, was an electrician on

Incidentally he mentioned something |the Friedrich der Grosse, the vessel
about a trip he had taken with Koenig | on which the bombs were stored; Capt.

 

; to Niagara Halls to look over the! Rode was superintendent of the Ham-

Welland Canal, This was sufficient burg-American docks and Wolpert was
for Correll, «This bit of information | superintendent of the Atlas Line.
subjected to the full scrutiny of the It was the exact information Tunney
allied detective forces led to the un- was after. He sent his men over and
ravelment of the plot to destroy the} (hey made prisoners of all the persons
wyterway named by Von Kleist. When Becker
And from the arrest of Koenig there| saw his countryman in the head-

came knowledge of more plots and! quarters of the bomb squad he believed

 
 
 
   
 
    
 
 
   
  
    
     
 
 
 
  
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 
 
  
   
  
 
   
 
   

\) THE TURRET
ORNAMENT OF

THE MASSACHUSS|

PRESENTED
BY. THE
COMMONWEALTH

 

FOLLOWS A
PRACTICE THAT
HAS PREVAILED

  
  

FIGUREHEAD AND BOW ORNAMENT OF
THE OLYMPIA@

more ramifications of plots. From a’ he had been wilfully betrayed. Where-
book in Koenig's pocket it was learned | upon he gave the names of all the other

that he had placed himself in pos- men he knew to be in the plot. Nine
session of information that had been|in all were concerned in the bomb
transmitted confidentially to the Na- manufacture. With their arrest fires
tional City Bank, Tunney put his on vessels practically ended.

men out to find the leak.

The bomb squad was called in when
Dr. Frank Holt, instructor of German
in Cornell University, shot J. P. Mor-

Within a few weeks they gad traced
it to Frederick Schliend), a clerk in

 
       
 
      
 

4%
£7 EIGUREHEAD OF THE

wag rewarded at midnight.
Enough evidence was obtained to

 

 

THE MOVIE IN

who had quarrelled with Koenig over) the foreign department of the bank.
money, Over several glasses of beer} sonjiendl within a few hours after his

arrest broke down and confessed. He
| involved Koenig and two others. These

 

can in his home in Glen Cove, L. I., on
July 83,1915. Holt had just come from
Washington, where he had set a bomb

THE MAKING.

 

Last summer there apapered in the neighborhood of the place where we |

were staying in t

made that

out to see them act.

e country a company of moving picture actors, who
istrict the scene of a moving picture play.

They were around that country for a week, and half the hotel would go| sentenced to prison for a year and
Then when the finished production was shown | a half.

in the fall of course we went to see it, and naturally we were greatly |

interested in seeing thrown on the screen this play that we had seen! formed by the squad was the arrest

in the actual making.

conspiracy that was stopped within | But we were even more interested in another moving picture experience
that we had in this present winter.

five seconds of its fulfilment.

In the quarters occupied by the
Brescl Circle, an anarchistic group
that had been regarded with nothing
more than amusement for several
years, the cathedral conspiracy was
hatched Tunney anticipated that

and so sent into the circle Emilio Po-
lignano,

It was Polignano’s first real police
work, Capt. Tunney selected him
from among the rookies. He was in-
structed to go among the anarchists,
live their life, learn their talk and ex-
Pound it, to accept their ideas—and to
report potential troublemakers. For

work. Finally there came ‘a report
that two of the group were planning
to destroy the cathedral. They lad
éccepted Polignano as an assistant.
He refused to participate actively.

He went to their homes, they came
to his room to discuss the details of the
plot. Finally they had srerrnens
Worked out, One of them with Polig-
nano was to go to the cathedral, each
with a bomb. The other was to wait
Near by to give an alarm if necessary:
Polignano and his companion went to
opposite sides of the cathedral.

There seemed Mttle cause for alarm The

When they reached the church. A gray
bearded, kindly faced old man showed
the anarchist Abarno to a pew. As
they'walked down the aisle they had to
step aside because of the work of two
Scrubwomen, s

The mass proceeded to its ” most
solemn moment, the consecration. Just
as the host was elevated Abarnio ath
his bomb under the kneeling seth,
He reached down and with a cigarette
he had kept under his coat lit the

As the spark leaped along the p
dered string the hand of

f

of one ha
ScrubWomen reached in end

out, Krom the pew behi

oe men jumped on A

 

“hohved old man with falae beard

Passing one day here in the city alon
ourselves lived we saw standing
ing house a man with one of t

trained on the front door of the house.

a street in which for years we had
qa the roadway in front of a, dwell-
he familiar moving picture cameras
They were going to take a

moving picture scene right here.

‘rouble might come from that quarter] Then on the opposite side of the street and a little way up from the!
camera man we saw a big limousine automobile, and a moment later
we saw descend from that automobile a man in a dress suit and bare
headed, who walked diagonally across the street and up the steps of
the house on which the camera was trained and then on into the,

house.

A moment later the man in the dress suit reappeared, looking from inside |

the house through a glass panel that formed the upper part of the
door, while the camera man adjusted the focus of his camera.

months Polignano was engaged in this| Then there descended from the big limousine automobile over the way
another man, who crossed diagonally, as the first had done, toward
This second man was taller than the first, and he was
completely attired for out of doors in winter, with overcoat on and
His clothing was not shabby, but it was worn; not the clothing
of a man in the most prosperous circumstances financially.

When this second man got into the field of the camera he moved like a
man depressed, and he started up the steps of the house slowly. Half
way up he halted hesitatingly and turned his face. Clearly from the
expression upon it his was not an errand of
turned his face to the front again and marched on more resolutely
up and rang the bell, and presently there appeared from within, seen

that glass upper panel of the door, the face and figure of the

It was\the butler, as we had thought.

butler opened the door and he and the tall man in the worn clothes |

the camera.

hat.

throu J
man in the dress suit.

held a brief conversation, which
in his face. He had turned him

ent, the tall man came down the

venily ‘on the picture machine.

at hope, but then he

the butler ended by closing the door |

down! Then, slowly and with head

steps, while the camera man ground
en the whole outfit got into the

big limousine, which rolled away briskly.
Now, there was something that interested us very much, and we did wish

. that somehow we could

.

:

did, and us enormo

see the screen play in which that scene was
, and do you know that last night we did see it?
it interested

We certainly
usly,

That other play we knew all about in advance, but this scene in its repro-

night most unexpectedly, fitting into the

that very picture that we had seen in the| not yet suspect the man behind his

from that on our interest in the

to be able to tell you that in the pie-|piaces of Germans.
whom t:.e butler turned down came tri-

In one of the wings of the Capitol.
This bomb, which was operated on the
, corrosion of a cork through the action
of acid, was timed for eight
Holt left It at 4 o'clock. He was talk-
ing to a Pullman conductor at 11:50, a
few minutes before his train pulled out,
when the explosion shook the city.
Tunney's men traced his movements
and discovered that he had sent a
trunk containing 125 sticks of dyna-

men recently were put on trial. And
here develops one of the peculiar
workings of the criminal law: Koenig
was released on a suspended sentence.
The man who had put the police in
possession of valuable information was |

Perhaps the best piece of work per-

of the bomb makers who had set in-
fernal machines on the vessels bear- , s

ing food and ammunition to the Ale | Thirty ~elghth street.
lies. Before the arrest of this group
of Germans there had been destruc-
tion that ran to a total of $5,000,000.

Tunney sent out Barth and Senff on
this job. Barth caught on first. He!
connected with a retired German army
captain, Charles von Kleist. As they
cemented their newly formed friend-
ship over beer Von Kleist hinted that
he could tell if he would of wenderful |
work in behalf of the Fatherland.

Barth retorted that there was little
going on that he did not know. He
leaned over and whispered a number;
he showed a fragment of paper. He
did both with the manner and convic-
tlon of @ man deeply enwrapped in
secrecy. It was worthy of an agent of
the Wilthelmstrasse—for as such Barth |
represented himself.

It was true, he admitted to Von
Kleist, that he did not know every-
thing about the intrigues, but then he
had been so busy on other work. In
a few weeks, maybe, he would give his
attention to what Von Kleist had in

Had he escaped
from Glen Cove his activities might

squad to-day. Holt after his
committed suicide in the jail.

If the men of the bomb squad ever
have their dreams come true it will

oner, It may be remembered
Crones is the chef who poisoned the
soup at the dinner given in Chicago to
Archbishop Mundelein. After his
escape from Chicago he came here and
| gave up part of his time to taunting
the police.

Tunney’s men went after him, They
were within five minutes of. him one
day, but he escaped. The Hunt took
Tunney's men to the Blue Ridge
Mountains, where the Allen clan, a
famous family of feudists, recoknized
in Crones another lawless spirit and
gave him refuge.

The Crones hunt Was not without
result, however. Tracing down a new

 

; squad heard of a chef who had fears
of the police,

mind, The old captain offered to save | He looked him up And
him the necessity of working qut de- |%?¥ at 4 glance it was not Crones,
tails. He would ‘show him where the Having a little time on his hands after

the collapse of his hopes the detective

that set fire to
bombs were made r devoted himself to discovering why the

Allies’ cargoes. He would acquaint him
with the storing place.

He told him how and showed him
where—but he assumed that Barth
knew the men involved. Therefore he
did not give their names. The detec-
tive was afraid to question him for

j\lam Corneille, feared policemen.

The next day he brought him into
| Headquarters on the charge of killing
| Sadie Watson, whose murder had been

fear the alarm would be spread before } Neille now is awaiting trial on that
the capture was effected. He asked | Charge.
Capt. Tunney to arrest the old man. The Italian anarchists tried a

“comeback” last spring. They made
up their minds that the city should
be made aware that they had not
; Passed out of existence. Bo it was
decreed that the Municipal Building
should be made one of our best ruins.
That the fact might be emphasized
arrest, had seen Senff in the meeting | the hour of 6 was selected, the time
when érowds are in the vicinity of the
“Whaj are you doing here?” he askea! City Hall.
ja German. The bomb

When Von Kleist was brought to
the room now occupied by the bomb
squad in Police Headquarters he saw
one familiar face. It was Senff, who
happened at the moment to be fixing
an electric light. The captain, who did

 

was made in a house

hours. |

mite to a storage warehouse in West |

be taking up the time of the bomb!
arrest

be found that Jean Crones 1s a pris- |
that |

‘'clue two weeks ago, Wallace of the}

| chef, whose name he learned was Will- |

an unsolved mystery for a month, Cor- |

  

HE “seafarer’s conservatism” is
not an idle term. Steam has

+ generally supplanted = snils;
steel has well nigh forced the ship of
wood from the ocean; the sailorman’s
habits and language have undergone
a revolution; but somé of his super-
stitions persist.

Old salts along the waterfront have
lately remarked with pleasure the re-
turn to this port of craft adorned with

THE
ANDREW
JACKSON

  

| figureheads,

To them theee tokens of
an old custom seem like harbingers of
ja revival of the days when American

‘,clipper ships were supreme upon the

| seven seas.
| plete

Then no vessel was com-
without an appropriate
‘adornment and somehow that carved
| symbol seemed to typify the presiding
|genius of the ehip. The sailorman
might slight hie work with brush and
paint elsewhere about the craft,
he labored patiently, even devotedly,
| when he retouched the coloring of the
figurehead. He thus expiated sume
| of the sins of omission and commission
incident to the routine of his calling.
The old seadog prophesied all sorts
of dire things when ship owners began
to skimp in the matter of figureheads

'

 

Ships

 

|

Revival of the Figurehead -
Is Pleasing to Old Salts

Resurrected by War

Have

| Made Carved Prows Once More

Familiar in

= followed sult and as the old salts
!

have always seen it there must have
been good reasons for perpetuating
the practice. And then by way of
clinching this argument it is a matter
of history that the doughtiest of our
fighting craft have with few excep-
tions carried bow ornaments or figure-
heade,

Originally the frigate Constitution
carried a bust of Hercules at her bow,
typifying the strength
| the power of law. The image of Her-
cules probably suffered when Prebte
carried the frigate into the harbor of
| Tripoli in the face of the full fire of
the Turkish forts. Anyway a carved
| Neptune supplanted Hercules about
(1807. When Old Ironsides covered
| herself with glory during the war of
| 41812 her stem bore only a carved scroll
| or billethead.
| The substitution of a quasi-classic
figure of Andrew Jackson in 1833
‘created a furor. Jackson was then
running for the Presidency and the
Whigs considered the change an out-
rage and no secret was made of the
determination to mutilate the offensive
‘figurehead. Accordingly the com-
mandant of the navy yard at Boston,
where the Constitution was undergo-
ing extensive repairs, had a sentry
posted near the ship every night and

of union and

the marine was armed with a loaded!

musket.

Even so, one dark and stormy night
a youth of the name of Dewey got into
the yard, climbed upon the ship and
succeeded in sawing off the head of the
 distaeteful figure, which he bore away
;with him. Another head was carved
jand put in
against removal by an iron rod driven

| down through it and buried deeply in|

ithe supporting trunk. The Andrew
‘ Jackson figurehead remained upon the
| Constitution until the ship Was well
nigh rebuilt some time in the ‘60s,
‘ when it was removed and replaced by

place and secured there |

Our Ports

When fearful that their examination
papers would fail to meet this mini-
{mum disquieted middies have stolen to
| the shadows of that grim figure after
|dark and prayed for the old Indian
' chief’s favor. ;

For a great many years the bust has
been assumed to be that of Tecumseln
but as a matter of fact is that of
Tamanend, the ancient chief of the
| Delaware Indians. In his day Tauma-
nend was held in the highest venera-
tion by his people and his fame ex
tended even among the whites, who
ascribed to him all sorts of fabulous
| powers, During the tevolutionary
| war his admirers dubbed him a saint
and he became generally known as St.
Tammany, the patron saint of America,

When the first of our ‘so-called
coast line battleships were built, the
Indiana, Massachusetts and Oregon,
the bows of those vessels were adorned
with the national coat of arms and
appropriate supporting scroll work.
But the State of Massachusetts, with
a sense of appropriateness, chose to
supplement the bow ornament by
heroic figure of Victory, modelled by¥
a well known sculptor. This was
placed upon the face of the forward
turret between the two big 13 inch
guns. The Massachusetts ts the only,
vessel in the service so distinguished. *

Unquestionably the U. 8S. 8S. Olympia,
| Admiral Dewey's flagship at the battle
;of Manila, is the most splendidly
adorned cruiser in the service. The
Olympia not only boasts a figurehead
‘but, like the old ships of the line, her
| stern handsomely ornamented as
well. A master craftsman, the late
Augustus Saint-Gaudens, was respon-
sible for the design, and the work
bears every evidence of his skily The
two ornaments cost more than $12,00%
jand in this particular have never been’
| equatied by any other ship in our
naval service.

|
'
‘

is

bow |

)

but!

2
THE OLD FIGUREHEAD OF THE ORIGINAL SHIP-OF-THE ~LINE

   

THE LOWEST SATISFACTORY

DELAWARE. POPULARLY KNOWN TO THE MIOSHIPMEN OF .
THE NAVAL ACADEMY AS “ TECUMSEH " THE GOD OF 2.5

MARK IN ANY SUBJECT IN THE

CURRICULUM

 

a scroll billethead. The figure of Jack-

 

The abolition of the figurehead was

And he had tradition to back up his | £0" Was then transferred to the Naval) brought about largely by «a movement
belief. | Academy at Annapolis. No graduate to strip modern battle craft of every
“How.” he would ask, “would the | Of the Naval Academy is likely ever to useless feature, and beside this it
Phenicians have sent their ships of forget the heroic, stalwart bust that) was recognized that the sombre dress
\trade into unknown seas had thei, bas weathered scores of winters upon |of gray would almost certainly dis-
vessels not carried upon their bows, its pedestal there. The graven imuze! guise the bew ornament However,
limages of protecting deities? And/ that once was the figurehead of the | sailor superstition or sea tradition can-
}even the ancient Chinese knew that “ld line of battle ship Delaware, built) not be altogether downed. This is evi-
| something of the sort was necessary! !") 1820, has long been known to the |denced by the revival of the figure-
| when they fashioned great staring; Midshipmen as “The god of 2.5"—the| head in the British navy in the ease
| eyes on either bow.” |lowest possible passing mark in any }of the Tron Duke, which curries a bust
Succeeding generations of naviga- | Subject in the academic curriculum. ! of Wellington at her bow
| in Mott street, Two men, Divizio and CORNCOB SMOKED HAMS. EASY MONEY.
Graziano, were primarily concerned in scoala iaenaied =
{ts manufacture. They had not a HERE are probably a million AON undersized waif from the stree
| thought that the bomb squad was: | ii : : pense eg A s =
aware of their intentions. Not until | t1ams in this city, counting only d came into the subwav station
‘they were picked up at the Brooklyn the commercial variety, No one and ran up to a gui machine
| Bridge loop with their deadly suit case | pretends to guess at the number of) One look seemed to satisfy him and he
| between them did they realize they juman hams passed on to the next one This time
| had heen outwitted. But a man on the upper West Side; he pulled out the kno let it spring
The force now comprises twenty claims to have two hams which are | #Ck With @ whack, and a eunie
| men, including Capt. Tunney. It is ) oe ~ .jtumbling down into the little eup at
made up of Americans, Itallans, Ger- | different: from all the hundreds of 4) pottom, The boy grabbed the coi
|mans and Irishmen, The men have | thousands of others in New York. He|and pan, for by this time the. ticket
been picked by their commander for | is willing to wager that these two are) ehopper was after hin
their rare qualities of adaptability,! the only genuine corncob smoked “He's sore because I'm gittin’ in o
tuct and loyalty. They have been re- | hams in town, lhis graft,” the boy explained outside
lentless in running down criminals of The hams come from Connecticut \"He picks up about twenty cents a
their own race, So did the man, As a boy on his} day that way
| Tunney is a strict teacher. He puts, father's farm he was fed, more or less) And so he does, The average strap
his men through courses in elemen- on cob smoked ham, He didn't realize j hanger doesn't know how to coax a
/tary chemistry. He acquaints them | Dis luck at the time, But later, out in} gum machine if his eent gets stuek
with the qualities and actions of all|® World of hams smoked anyhow and/'Then, too, he's in a hurry. Neither
| explosives. ‘Now and again, as a col- j anywhere, he missed the old delectable | does every person know that when the
‘lege instructor might assign a student | for and finally determined to re- {machine is empty the coin is returned
to a thesis, Tunney has his men preparo | °@Pture it. in a dark little cup at the bottor
‘a bomb. They are skilled in the mane | Back to Connecticut he went on a | where one must feel for it
ufacture of any kind of infernal ma- atill hunt for a farmer with oraeons | The ticket chopper usually gets it
chine. As soon as the Police Depart. /2n4 hams and a willingness to intro- | for he makes the rounds of the gun
ment gets a ttle more money it in- duce them to each other. He found) machines when things are slack, but
tends to provide Tunney and his squad his farmer up in the northwest corner jevery now and then a passenger with
with a bomb museum. of the State, And now early every | an eye for business may be seen wan-
: | winter the only two cob smoked hams | dering from machine to machine, look-
So then with these proofs sub-/in town arrive at this man's house. ing carefully into the little coin eup
mitted all the statements made in the! The process of smoking them is a Another evidence of the haste we
foreword of the bomb squad are sub-' matter of several weeks. Every daylignorance or perhaps the forgetful-
stantiated. These men have yielded!

the fullest measure of returns for the
innovation, of Commissioner Woods;
they are specialists in their line, apply -

ing to their work all that science can| There must be no flame, just a smoi-

put at their disposal ahd above all
they have prevented crime

a shovelful of coals is carried to the

ness of New Yorkers is the number of

| Smokehouse and placed in a sort of} nickels left in coin box telephones.

; brazier with tron bars.
of corncods is dumped on the coals.

Then a bushel

When there is no answer and central
returns the coin it often remains there

, until some enterprising fellow from
dering fire with plenty of smoke, This!the strect runs his finger into the
is repeated daily. Chuiuber after, it,

\