Fi

  

=s

TT

What Is Going On
Within Academic Walls

Directors of Girls’ Camps Meet—Hamlin Garland to
Lecture at Wabanaki— Andover Graduates in Amer-
ican Ambulance Service—Other News.

j

 

 

N elaborate programme of enter- | the balance. of the term: January 31.
tainments has been arranged at | dramatic reading by a member of che
Cornell by the fraternities plan- | faculty; February 7, debate; 14, two il-

ning to have junior week house parties | 'ustrated lectures; 21, debate; 28, open
and by undergraduate social organiza-| (Probably an outside lecturer) ; March
tlons. The first festivities of the week| 7 debate; 14, debate, and 21, business
will be on the afternoon of Wednesday, eeting.
February 14, two tea dances. being The following Andover men, so far as
soheduled for that day. , jit is Known, have served or are now
The Musical Clubs will give their an-| serving in the American ambulance ser-
nual junior week concert in Bailey Hall! nat ts sEU EDS? D. we Armour, o A.
the fame evening, and at 11 P. M. the Gree eee P, A, 14; CC. F.
Sophomore Cotillon will start in the ar-, A ie te Ha Hy 183 Alden Dav ison, P.
mory. Uhe dancing at the cotillon will | jy'\)2 ') ans Gile, P. A.. ‘11; Henry
continue until 4A. M. ‘Thursday is the | Mobbs I. A. °06; 8. H. Paradise, P. A
date for eight entertainments, Lee pete © my

‘03; G,. Rich-

-ue first 09: »
official event of the day will be the Sook | “raven, FP. A ae ae en ae
and Bowl breakfast at 12 M. In the) stuart. p . Theat a: Ey
afternoon from § to 6 Delta Tau Delta,{ p> aij, ©" 1° and J. H. Preston,

Sigma Chi and Zeta Psi will entertain F
at tea dances. Following the masque
junior week production of “Stop Thief” | BERKELEY-IRVING SCHOOL.
in the Lyceum at 8:15 P. M, there will!
be three fraternity dances. ‘These will The Berkeley-Irving School of 309-315
be given by Alpha Delta Phi, Delta Up- | West Eighty-third street near West End
silon and Kappa Sigma, ; avenue, New York city, with 170 boys,
Two breakfasts art the first events|!§ rapidly becoming one of the leaders
scheduled for Friday, Beth L’Amed will) in athletics among the private schools
hold a breakfast at the Country Club at / Of Manhattan. Its new swimming pool
ia M,, and Majura will entertain at the;!" the basement of the east wing has
same time at Freeville. At 2:15 P, M.| been opened for the boys’ use, and there
the Lyceum will offer a special junior|the swimming team has been training
week matinee, “Flora Bella.” The only | under Mr. Wahle of the New York Ath-
fraternity entertainment -on Friday will | letle Club.

 

 

 
 

wi,

THE ‘SUN, SUNDAY,

 

 

ISCUSSION by principals and
headmasters is invited in the
School Page of Tum SUNDAY

D

SUN concerning the Rockefeller Gen-
eral Kducation Board's aim and plan
to reform school courses and second-

ary education in general. Here is
a Vital subject that deserves the
fullest discussion.

recipient of several medals for oratory.
It is understood that the new profes-
sor will conduct a course in dramatics
at Mount St. Mary's. As an under-
graduate Father Burke was prominent
in all histrionic activities and several
of his productions set a new standard
for college dramatics in Maryland.
With the new buildings nearing com-
pletion it is expected that the college
authorities will have to add several
members to the faculty. Before ban
next fall term begins accommodations
will be ready for more than 200 addi-
tional students and a larger teaching
force will be required. The appoint-
ment of Father Burke is thought to
portend the revival of interest in the
proposed erection of an up ‘to date
music hall and theatre. Mgr. B. J.
Bradley, president of the college, is
known to favor the suggested improve-
ments as soon as sufficient funds have
been subscribed. A campaign for sub-
scriptions for further improvements at

HE inaugural address of the
T new Associate Superintendent of
Schools of the city of New York,
Dr. Joha L. Tildsley, at the 214th meet-
ing of the Schoolmasters Association of
New York and Vicinity at the Columbia
University Club, proved one of the most
interesting and stimulating talks of re-
cent years,

The seventy members present were
unanimous in thelr appreciation of the
remarkable frankness and forcefulness
of Dr. Tildsley upon “The Elimination
of Waste in Education.” Practically
every one said afterward that he would
wish that all his colleagues could have
heard this discussion.

Dr, Tildsley, speaking without notes,

Mount St. Mary's is likely to be in-| said, straight from the heart and straight
augurated early in the spring. It is| from the shoulder, things which, pon-
understood that the New York alumni] dered by every educator, would go far

will start the movement.

MERCERSBURG ACADEMY.

At the recent meeting of the Avon Lit-
erary Club of Mercersburg, Pa., which
was entertained by the Bachelors’ Club
of the faculty of Mercersburg Academy,
Dr. William Mann Irvine, head master
of the academy, read an essay on “The
American After Dinner Speaker.” Al-

to elevate American citizenship. ‘Tt is
unfortunate that this transcript of his
talk is a touching merely of the high
points,

“The waste of the individual is the
fundamental waste of our educational
system,” Dr. Tildsley began. “We spend
a& great deal of time considering the
waste of dollars through incompetent and
misapplied effort, but the harm done to
your boy and girl is the real factor to
give us pause.

 
 

would follow drastic action, And yet who
are the greatest sufferers from contact
wits this unbalanced mind? What may
be the effect upon a real Johnnie or
Susan Jones of such a warped point of
view?

“To bring about a greater feeling of
responsibility for boys and girls we need
three great qualities, Knowledge Is the
first. How often do we act on hearsay
without knowing our facts? Why is the
teacher so often ineffective? Is it not
because he does not know the actual con-
dition of each pupil in that class? And
why is any body of teachers ineffective?
Is it not because the head of the school
does not actually know them? And why
is the head poor? Is it not because the
selecting body does not actually know
him as an individual? After all the
getting of the right man for the prin-
cipalship of a high school is a gambler’s
chance, because in most instances we
really do not know the man. I believe
that if the superintendents could have an
appropriation sufficient to take all jpos-
sible candidates out for several meals
a better knowledge of
thereby be obtained.

“Knowledge of men and knowledge of
pupils cannot be obtained at long range.
The administrator must go to the class-
rooms and see for himself what both the
men and the pupils are doing. The
teacher must go to the pupil and see for
himself what is being done.

them ‘would

I¢ is even

be the Alpha Sigma Phi tea dance from
$to6 P.M. The Junior Prom will close
the official junior week programme on
Friday evening. The feature dance of
the week will start in the armory at 9
P. M. and continue until 4 A, M.

ASSOCIATION OF DIRECTORS OF
GIRLS CAMPS,

The second annual meeting of the As-
sociation of Directors of Girls Camps
was held at the Woman's City Club,
40 Beacon street, Boston, Mass., on the
afternoon of January 20, the president,
Mrs. Luther H. Gulick, in the chair.
About fifty camp directors and council-
lors were present, representing some
thirty girls’ camps in New York and
New England.

After the reports of the  secretary-
treasurer were read a nominating com-
mittee was appointed, and the rest of
the afternoon was devoted to five minute

 

 

reports of the many interesting or new

features of the past summer at the va-
rious camps. Then came an hour of
social intercourse, followed by a dinner,
and the evening session was devoted to

a “question box” conducted by Dr, Lu- |

ther H. Gulick of Sebago-Wohelo, dur-
ing which questions of great interest to
all camp officials were discussed infor-
mally.

The newly elected officers for 1917 are
as follows: President, Mrs. Charles H.
Farnsworth, Camp Hanoum; vice-presi-
dent, Miss Anna A. Dodge, Camp Quini-
beck; secretary-treasurer, Dr. John B.
May, Camp Winnetaska.

The association desires to increase its
membership, its object being the raising
of camp standards. The winter address
= the secretary-treasurer is Cohasset,

ans,

 

WABANAKI SCHOOL.

The children of Wabanaki
Greenwich, Conn., had a rare
Thursday afternoon. Hamlin Garland,
one of the directors of the school, ad-
dressed the loyal and earnest Wood-
crafters. He told them the life of J.
Fenimore Cooper, one of the greatest
of all writers of Indian life. Other di-
rectors of the school are Mrs. Alfred E.
Barry, Mrs. Alfred Edward Drake, Dr,
Frank Crane, Carlisle J. Gleason, Fred-
erick R. Hoisington, Mrs. Frederick R.
Hoisington, Mrs. Elon Huntington
Hooker, Ernest Thompson Seton, Mrs.
Grace Gallatin Seton and Brig.-Gen. Ed-
ward H. Seymour, C. B.

PHILLIPS ANDOVER.

ANpovER, Mass., Jan. 27.--Principal
Alfred E. Stearns of Phillips Andover
Academy is visiting New York, where he
attended the dinner of the directors and
agents of the academy alumni fund,
which was held there on Wednesday
light. To-night he will attend a meeting
of the revision committee of the college
entrance examination board and to-mor-
row evening will address a union meet-
ing of the churches of Upper Montclair.
Monday night, January 29, he will ad-
dress a meeting of the alumni at Buf-
falo; Tuesday night, January 30, at
Chicago; Wednesday night, January 31,
at St. Paul: Friday night, February 2,
St. Louis; Saturday, February 3, Cleve-
and; Monday night, February 5, De-
trait, and Tuesday, February 6, Pitts-
burg.

The following programme for the Phil-
lips Club has been announced tor the
coming term: Friday, February 2, G.
Fdward Buxton; Wednesday, February
28, John D. Bogart.

On Sunday, February 11, Capt. Ian
Hay Beith, novelist and author of “The
First Hundred Thousand," who is now
In this country and who has had actual
experience in the trenches with the Brit-
ish troops, will address the school.

The Philomathean Society has
nounced the following programme

Pp

scholastic topics of timely in-

 

School,

 

 

for

RINCIPALS
schools and

of private
academies
to discuss

are invited

terest in the columms of the

School Page of THe SUNDAY
Sun.
School news should reach

The School, College and Camp
Bureau of Tue Sun, 150 Nas-
Sau street, New York city, not
later than Thursday for inser-
tion in the School Page the
following Sunday.

THE NEW YORK SUN I8
FERMANENTLY _ESTAB-
LISHED AS THE ADVER-
TISING MEDIUM FOR PRI-
VATE SCHOOLS. DURING
THE YEAR OF 1916 THE
SUN PRINTED MORE PRI-
VATE SCHOOL ADVERTIS-
ING THAN ANY OTHER
NEW YORK NEWSPAPER. .

treat |

an- |

 

This team includes such stars as Car-
roll, K, McAleenan, H. Ward, Thompson
and Henry McAleenan. They won fourth
place in interscholastics at Philadelphia
on Saturday, January 20. Meets have
been arranged with Stuyvesant, Law-

| renceville and other schools, It is hoped
“a Southern trip can be taken during the
Easter vacation, on which trip Baltimore
{and Washington schools will be met.

Berkeley-Irving has not only five bas-

| ketball teams, graded according to size,
; but also teams in hockey and Indoor
j tennis. During the last week the first
| basketball team defeated the Browning
| School, 24 to 9. Those who played on
| the Berkeley-Irving first team were
| Baldwin (captain), K. MecAleenan, F.
| Lansing, Hoeck and Riley. ‘The second
| Berkeley-Irving basketball team, made
;}up of Grote, E. Koehler, Hall, Byrne
j}and C. Sawtell, defeated the Collegiate
| School, 17 to The midget team of
Berkeley-Irving, made up of R. Hunt,
'R Silz, Weing, Levy and Bartram, was
, defented by Horace Mann, 11 to 10.

| The hockey team, consisting of Henry

| McAleenan, Crovat, Lewisohn, Lansing,
|S. Jones, Hall and F. Lansing, lost to

ithe Cutler team by the close score of

!2to 1.
;

 

BARNARD SCHOOL.

The election of editors for the Bric,
| the annual published by the students of
the Barnard School for Boys, at Fields-
ton, New York city, resulted in the
| choice of the following board for the
1917. volume: William Backer, editor
in chief; James Gordon Bass, business
| manager; E. Barrett Brady, James El-
| iman, Charles Fowler Hill and Chester
| Bolles, associate editors, and Alan Dunn,
art editor. The new board has already
entered upon its duties and promises a
volume that will be an improvement over
its predecessors, despite the rise in the
cost of print paper.

The subject chosen for the January
debate is: “Resolved, That all strikes in
the United States should be settled by
compulsory arbitration”; affirmative,
James Gordon Bass, Eric Patison,
| Robin Montague and Waldo Hernandez;
| negative, Frederic Kerr, George Munck,
| Charles Fowler Hill and George Backer,

|

 

—

 

 

_ WESTMINSTER SCHOOL.

Following the plan for a series of mu-
sicals during the school season Law-
rence Adler, the director of music at
Westminster School, Simsbury, Conn.,
presented for the third recital on Friday
evening, the 26th, Mrs, Edith Chapman
Goold, soprano, of New York. Mr. Adler
accompanied, Mrs. Goold at the plano.
The following programme was given at
Simsbury and repeated the next evening

 

   

  

 

  
 
  
  

at the Choate School, Wallingford,
Conn. :
: PART I.
Nymphs and shepherds ot. ee Purcell
Barbara Allen,....+. -.-Old English
My ‘love, she’s but a la t. .Old Scotch
| Mamam, dites-moi ; «.. Weckerlin
| Le Coeur de ma Mie.. Dalcroze
PART II,
Hark, hark, the lark..........+... Schubert
WG SO WIV Cees si ccisets ce . Schubert
Mit deinen blauen Augen...... -.4eAdler
Maerch BE. Wolff
Verborgrs . W, Wolf
La Belle Holmes
Chanson Indone Rimsky-Kersakow

 

Viss! d’Arte Puceint

PART III.

Nightingale'’s Song, Lonesome Tune,
Arranged by Bro sway
. le

Soft-footed Bnow.........-+ eoeseseee be
Hayflelds and Butterfile . del Riego
Mammy’s Song....... ae 00bttert ¢aNts Ware

 

+++ Margaret Lang

 

Four Nonsense Songs.

| UNIVERSITY OF NOTRE DAME.

 

 

| Notre DAmg, Ind,, Jan, 27.--Arrange-
| ments are being made for the appear-
ance of the Notre Dame Glee Club in
Orchestra Hall, Chicago, on the night of
This will be the first
| appearance of the club in Chicago. Mr.
Barnes of the civic centre of South
Bend has invited the debating teams of
the Brownson and the St, Joseph lit-
,erary societies to hold a debate before
the civie centre in the near future, As
plans for the big Interstate dinner, to
be held some time in February, progress
new State and sectional organizations
; are being formed almost daily. During
the latter part of last week the Wiseon-
sin and the Indiana men organized and
selected officers, and the Michigan etu-
dents and students from the Pacific
cous followed their example this week.
Frecorick Palmer, noted Huropean war
| correspondent, addressed the faculty and
student body of the university in Wash-
ington Hall Wednesday morning. ‘The
Poetry Society met on Sunday last. The
latest issue of the Bulletin of the Poetry
Society of America was summarized by
the director, Father O'Donnell, who also
introduced” in the consideration of new
publications Father FP. J, Carroll's
“Songs of Greelabeg,”’ reading some se-
lections from it, The coming examina-
‘tions will be neld January 29 and 41
instead of 30 and 31, as stated in the
catalogue.

Master Monday.

 

MOUNT ST. MARY'S COLLEGE,

 

}

|

| Increase in student enrolment at
Mount St. Mary’s College, Emmitsburg,
Md,, has necessitated the addition of
several new members to the faculty.
The latest appoinment is that of the Rev,
Thomas J. Burke of Wilkesbarre, Pa.,
who joins the English and Latin depart-
ments,

Father Burke until recently was sta-
tioned in Kansas City, where his elo-
quence in the pulp't attracted wide at-
tention. He was graduated from Mount
St. Mary's in 1911 and received the de-
gree of master of arts in 1913. After
&@ post-graduate course at the Catholic
University in Washington he was or-
dained to the priesthood in 1915. While
at college ho enjoyed a reputation as a

[speaker of great force and he was the

   

most nothing has been written on the
subject, and a few notable exceptions in
this country only prove the rule that
there is a decided art in after dinner
speaking. Dr. Irvine, by a questionaire
to over a hundred of the leading men of
all professions {in this country and by
personal interviews with prominent men
who are exceptional speakers, secured a
quantity of material which he presented
in wonderfully interesting form. The
article might be read with profit by
countless after dinner bores, and it is
possible that it may be published in
pamphlet form.

The Mercersburg
Quarterly for January will appear on
January 29. The following note is taken
from that issue: “Dr. and Mrs. Irvine
are going ahead with preparation of
the plans for the new academy chapel.
Ralph Adams Cram, the Gothic architect
of Boston, Mass., has been selected to do
this work. Dr. and Mrs, Irvine have
visited a number of chapels and churches
in Philadelphia, New York, Montclair, at
West Point, Vassar College and other
places, in order to secure as many ideas
as possible for the benefit of the Mercers-
burg chapel.”

The following subject has been selected
= the question for debate between the
two Literary societies on the evening of
February 24: “Resolved, That for the
good of a free people the English
cabinet system is preferable to the Amer-
ican Presidential system.” The ques-
tion is broad and is of vital interest to
all, especially since the momentous
changes made in the British Cabinet dur-
ing the past three years. The teams
have been selected and are hard at work,
with every prospect of the debate being
very much more interesting and hotly
contested than ever before.

ELMIRA COLLEGE.

Prof. Scott Nearing of Toledo Univer-
sity lectured at Elmira College, Elmira,
N. Y., on January 19 on ‘Woman and
Social Progress."

The class of 1916 has presented the
college with a handsome gateway at the
western entrance. This was completed
just prior to President Shaw's inaugura-
tion in November.

The students are preparing to give an
original musical comedy ent{tled “En-
chantment” on February 23 anid 24.

The new Alumn# Hall will contain
several memorials of former deceased
students and graduates, including one
of Mrs. Howard Elmer of the class of
1859, the fir t to be graduated from the
college and also the first alumna to be
elected a trustee of the college. Mrs.
Lena Gilbert Brown Ford of London,
Eneland, who wrote the words of the
song “Keep the Home Fires Burning,”
now so popular in England, was grasu-
ated from Elmira College in 1887

HARLEM Y. W. C. A.

The Harlem Young Women’s Christian
Association, 74 West 124th street, New
York city, had a very interesting exhibi-
tion last Thursday and Friday of the
work of {ts classes in dressmaking, mil-
Mnery, costume sketching and cooking,

Academy Alumni

 

 

 

 

 

CLASON POINT ACADEMY.

——e

 

The Cadet corps of Clason Point Mili-
tary Academy, Clason Point, New York
city, will hold a review and reception in
the Sixty-ninth Regiment Armory, Lex-
ington avenue and Twenty-sixth street,
Manhattan, on Friday evening, February
§, at 8:30 o'clock,

NEW YORK SCHOOL OF FILING.

Now entering upon its fourth year,
the New York School of Viling, in the
Singer Building, New York, is meeting
the long felt demand for instruction in
filing and indexing methods, Its stu-
dents, numbering 600 jn 1916, are sought
by business houses who formerly were
obliged to have their filing handled by
self constituted, untrained filing clerks
who have had go opportunity of re-
ceiving instruction.

The school is unique in its character
inasmuch a# it is the only one of the
kind, and the vocation of filing is an
inviting one, Because of its wide range
possibilities are open alike to the busi-
ness novice with a high school educa-
tion, or its equivalent, as well as to the
experienced business woman capable of
being put In an executive position. ‘The
instruction is intensely practical, the
students going through the same opera-
tions in the'r training as they would

 

engage in i actual filing In an office,
Instruction is given in both day and
evening courses,

The school is always open to visitors,
who invariably find the methods of
{instruction and = splendid installation
of modern equipment and systems of
great interest.

WELLS COLLEGE,

The endowed lectureship at
College, Aurora, N, Y., established re-
cently, called the “Adams Lectureship,”
was inaugurated by a lecture on
“Oriental South Amerjca"” by Harry A.
Franck. This ja the second endowed
lectureshlp created by gifts to the Wells
College Endowment Fund; the first was
the “Graduate Lectureship.” Gifts such
as this can be enjoyed repeatedly by the
students, and are among the most valued
contributions to the endowment fund.
The Flonsaley Quartet gave a recital
Music Hall last week.
The veaper services for the past two
weeks have bee) in the charge of the

 

in

Raby. Allen Macy Dulles of Auburn
Theological Seminary and the Rev. C.

Waldo Cherry of Rochester, N, Y.

Wells

a

 

LS ee
(nrg tne Ra

“Poor teaching is at the bottom of|true in the Board of Education that if

supervised ;
supervised.
Princeton, I started teaching at a great
boarding school, I was for two years in

having a suggestion from the head of
the school ag to how to improve my

other young cubs at
schools, put to the task of making this

     

this enormous waste. Last spring, at
the High School of Commerce, simple
tests were given in elementary arithmetic
and in English to those who had just
been promoted from the elementary
schools, Thirty-nine per cent. passed In
one subject and fifty-four in the other,
Lest these results might be peculiar to
one set of circumstances, the same pa-
pers were given at the Madua! Train-
ing and Boys High schools in Brooklyn
with practically the same results. Not
more than 50 per cent. of the boys
graduated from the elementary schools
and admitted to the high schools are
fitted for the work. One district super-
intendent calls attention to the fact
that this means that 15,000 of the 30,-
000 boys and girls graduated from the
elementary schools are not fit for pro-
motion, In nfoney this can readily be
reckoned when we consider that we spend
$40,000,000 a year on the public echools,
and if this percentage of waste of in-
aividuals prevails. from fifteen to twenty
millions of money represent vastly in-
adequate returns.

“When I was a boy in hoarding
school I had a roommate who, over and
over again, would exclaim marvellously,
‘Just think, In all the world there fs
nobody else like me!’ Tiresome as this

became, I have since come to recognize |

that it would make a splendid sign to
be put over each school door. We must
once again centre attention upon the
individual.

“In a school of 4,000 one might sup-
pore that the individual must be lost
sight of, but this does not follow. The
mere preponderence of numbers in this
case would enable the individual boy to
get more from his scho@ if the em-
phasis were vpon the in4§vidual. Every
teacher ehou!:! consider constantly thag
each papil i
from every other,

“In @ great system or in a private
school how shall we bring about this
point of view?

“The first point is to emphasize tiis
care of the individual as a policy. The
teacher then becomes a pivot. And
he fails to do his duty
chose him and keeps him in hie place
becomes responsible. This fact puts
upor the heads of schools a particular
obiigation. But suppose the.e heads
fail to put the individual foremost?
We can then go to the 6elective body
responsible for the choosing and the re-
tention of the head, so that you finally
get back to the one man who is the re-
sponsible being of the whole organ!za-
tion.

“Some scientists finding a fossil bone
can, with this as a basis, reconstruct
an extinct animal, Find me a super-
Intendent with the right point of
toward the individual, and with power,
and ¥ will build for vou a strong school
system,

“Napoleon used to say Of his soldiers
that each one carried in his knapsack
a marshal's baton. Herein lies the
secret of admininstration for the ben-
efit of the individual. From the top of
the system to the humblest administra-
tive work, this should he the point of
view toward both teacher and pupil.
The head of the schoo! cannot be like the
star football player who plunges down
the field, leaving prostrate one oppo-
nent after another. He must take his
men with him; they must grow and de-
velop with him.

“The teacher who day by day is
growing will be keenly interested to
know why a pupil ts fafling in arith-
metic or in any other given subject.
Realizing the potentialities in the pupil
he will not be satisfied until he ees
some progress, and he thus will expand
and grow into a more vital figure in the
school.

"It is said that our systems are over-
I believe they are under-
When, just after leaving

my classroom without being visited by or

I am sure that I was a sample of
the great fitting

work,

mistake upon the innocent boys. How
many pupils suffer from this sort of
thing. We must recognize that the
young men have to be shown how to
teach

“Then, too, T think we often lose sight
of the individual pupil in our great de-
sire to safeguard the rights and con-
venience of the teacher. This morning,
for example, I had an instance of a
teacher who had earned the right to be
promoted to a class of boys three years
older than those she had been teaching.
Her principal, however, suid that,
whereas she had proved fairly good
with the very young boys, he knew from
many mistakes she had already made
that she would work havoe with the
older clase. In the contest, however, for
the higher salary, the good of the boys
Was quite overlooked, The effect upon a
boy or girl of this promotion might be a
wrong turn which would last through
life, If we can be made to feel that the
influence of our work ts for life, we will
certainly hesitate to protect a teacher at
the expense of the pupil.

“Still another instance that recently
leveloped, I was in a school where there
are a number of incompetent. teachers,
and where one in particular was found
to be teaching only five perlods a week
dnd supervising twenty such _ periods,
drawing meanwhile a salary of $2,500 a
year, When I inquired about this ob-
vious waste I was clearly shown by the
principal that this teacher is unbalanced,
Not enough so to warrant legal proceed-
ings or to enable the principal to take
the necessary steps for dismissal.
His point of view is that he ts protect-
ing the boys and girls the best he can,
With the collapse of our pension sys-
tem and with the lack of any provision
whereby the city may retire such a

  

an individual, different) simply cannot measure the waste in the

if
the man who

view |

cooperators we could remedy these con-
ditions,

“The power to change all this is in
our own hands. We are sacrificing our
boys and girls because we are not will-

that body were small enough so that they
could all stretch their legs under the
same table their whole administration
would be much more effectual,

“As a caso in point, complaint was
brought to me of an administrator who
was said to be creating chaos. So vio-
lent were the opinions that I felt that
the man either must be incompetent or
that he must be driving something which
none of us has understood. I spent a
| whole day with that man at his school,
saw him work in the class and then
talked with him intimately, and I came
away with the ptmost respect for the

| splendid work he is inaugurating. More
of this man to man and pupil to teacher
contact is what is needed.

‘In one of our largest schools one
teacher feeling this lack of intercourse
formed a little dining club, which gradu-
ally grew as men heard of it, until it has
almost two hundred members. It is but
fair to say that a large part of the plans
for the improvement of the work of that
school were evolved at that table, Know
| the men with whom you are working and
| know your pupils.
| “Knowledge of men and of conditions,
| however, is not enough. Courage is the
| second essential. How often, not hav- |
| ing courage, do we think we have tact?)
We want to soften the world for the in- |
| competent teacher, and therefore we put
! into his record all the good things about
| him and omit those detrimental. In do-
| ing this, are we not forgetting that our |
| obligation is to the individual boy and |

girl who are to be influenced by that
|imcompetent teacher? I know of one |
| school where there are fifteen teachers |
| not capable of doing a good day's work.
|Think of the damage wrought by the |
; maudlin sympathy which prevents the |
| dropping of these incompetents, We)

teacher on partial pay or with no pay at
all, think of the hue and ory which

 

ives of boys and girls. We mnet have |
the courage to change all this, and to
keep before ourselves as the dominant
note t welfare of the individual boy
and gir

“To kiowledge and courage we must
add sympathy. Sympathy gives you the
power to see the other man’s point of
view. A while ago 1 was asked to in-
vestigate trouble which had arisen be-
tween the head ef a school and the head
of a department. I had been told that
each was unsympathetic with the other.
When I went into the situation I found
it to be a fact that these two people of
splendid powers, who together could
work great things for their pupils, had
clashed. They had proceeded to write
one another bitter letters, and thereby
sot further and further apart, If in the
first instance they had come together
and tried to understand one «nother, !
probably the whole matter could have |
been straightened out to the good of
their puplls.

“Frequently
mind th@ beautiful story of a woman
in middle life who had a dream of a
splendid son and daughter passing be-
fore her as shadowy forms and saying,
‘We are the spirits of the boy and girl
that never were born.” We adiministra-
tors must have similar dreams, The
ghosts of men and women who, through
our skilful effort, might have bene.

“It is within our power to create full
grown men or ghosts -f men,

“T have in mind a school once full of
aspiration, now full of ghosts, because
the men there who might have been
giants are now pygmies. The head of
the school stopped growing, and his
men stopped with him. If in some way
we could make all heads of schools
realize that they are responsible for
the development of evey one of thelr

_——__—

there flashed across my

ing to stir ourselves. It was the proud
boast of one of the Jargest high schools
in the city that no boy ever has come
there who has not been able to get the
programme he needed—with a single ex-
ception. It is not always possible to
make a programme on the basis of
what the pupil has actually asked for,
but it is almost never necessary to sac-
rifica the boy to the machine, The
larger athe institution the greater the
combinations possible.

“With knowledge, courage and sym-
pathy actively dominant we would soon
work a revolution in our schools,”

The discussion which followed was
opened by a teacher of twenty-two years
in the New York schools,
all this time,” he said, “I have
an advocate of the type of free-
dom which Dr, TMldsley advocates. If
in his administration he does nothing
more than to loosen up tight schools he
will have performed a great public ser-

experience
“For
been

vice,

Another high school teacher asked Dr,
Tildsley whether it {ts possible for a
teacher to know 200, teachers and their
work in the class rooms; and if #0, how?
“When 1. first began with a great
school,” Dr, Tildsley replied, “I used to

think it necessary

to attend to routine

   
         

ae
oe HAT ducators
W Know About the Labor
Problem’ is the topic
which bas been decided upon for the
largest meeting of the
Schoolmasters Association of New
York und Vicinity. The discussion
will take place on the evening of Fri-
day, February 9%, at the Harvard
Club, New York clty, in conjunction
with an early dinner, Prof, Irvine
Fisher of Yale, who has been closely
assocluted with the soclal side of the
problem, particularly upon the point
of view of health insurance and other
factors of safety, Is to lead the dis-
cussion, Members of the Headmas-
ters Association, a national organtza-
tion, meeting at thie time, have been
invited to attend,

Should

year of the

errr nrnnrnsnnnmnnne penne

 

“Inaugural Address” of Dr.
John L. ‘Tildsey Heard at the
Schoolmasters Association

matters In the office for at least part of
the morning, and presently I found this
time stretched itself indefinitely. I soon
camo to the conclusion that the office
is not the place for an admivpistrator, and
I therefore used to leave my office at
9:15, and frequently never saw it again
until 2. Indeed this became with me an
absolute rule of conduct. By this means
I think it is possible for any adminis-
trator to know his staff."’

From the point of view of the prog-
ress of individual teachers another
speaker called attention to an experi-
ment now being carried on by the Teach-
ers College in the Speyer School, of the
separation of pupils into speed groups.
In a unit of forty, for example, the fif-
teen slow ones are separated from the
twenty-five who are fast workers. By
this menns it is expected that three
years work muy be accomplished in two.
The accelerated group of the class is
spared the old grind of teaching to the
lower half of the class, Dr, Tildsley
was asked his opinion of this.

“The upper half of the class,’ he said,
“ig extremely important. A great deal
of waste lies In our inability to give the
really able boy what ho ought to have,
and the difficulty lies in the failure of
the average teacher to do anything ex-
cept ‘lockstep’ teaching. To take care
of the bright boy requires much study
and planning.

“Our whole system of reporting the
progress of pupils, consisting as it does
of marks, indicates how slight is our
vision of what really constitutes prog-
ress. Some day able men sitting down
to the ever present problem of handling
pupils in class will discover that we have
got to bring into teaching cost account-
ing systems, These keep track In busi-
ness of the several cost items involved
@o that a balance can be struck at any
time. Similarly we must divide our
gridiron books into large series of col-
umns and take up from week to week
the advance in the basic essentials of

the subjects presented. One of our great-
est difficulties is to find the specific
points in which a pupil is weak or

strong. In answer to the question of
what is the trouble with a boy or girl
the answer frequently is that he is gen-
erally weak. That is a very indefinite
reply. The admintstrator must know the
trouble. When we keep track of the
work of a pupil moment by moment,
grouping these and building with indi-
vidual groups, we shall have far less
waste in the matter of pupils who pre-
maturely leave school. Poor teaching
is of course at the bottom of all of this.
Good teaching consists in building
weaknesses {nto strength.

“One day we will make still another
gain. Some men can get strength from
large numbers, and some are far better
adapted to very small numbers, or else
to the routine of teaching. Some men
are teachers because they could not
possibly do anything else. The advance
which is coming is to use the time and
energy of real teachers in teachings and
teaching alone, and to have another
group of men called helpers, who will
read the papers and do the mechanical
part of the work, which is so deadening
to the classroom exponent. ‘Teachers
know children, how to hold them, how
to grip them, how to get them to move
forward,

“After all, the whole point of interest
in the individual reduces itself to a
gospel which ends in the recognition of
the worth of the individual. We must
look in each individual for the things
to admire, for the human side, for the
true to racial ideals,"'

At the executive committee
which followed the dinner, the
were elected to membership in the as-
sociation: Peter Bender of the Mohe-
gan Lake School, W. W. Du _ Bonsil,
Clement Wood and H. J. Swann of the
Barnard School, Harold Dudley Greeley
of the Walton School, John G. MacVicar
of Montclair Academy and Richard 8.
Conover of the Bedford School.

It was announced that at
meeting on the second Friday in Feb-
ruary, at the Harvard Club, Prof.
Irving Isher of Yale will address the
association on “What Educators Should
Know About the Labor Problem.”

FRANK 8. Hackertr, Secretary.

NEW ENGLAND CONSERVATORY
OF MUSIC,

Phi Mu Alpha, Sinfonia Fraternity of
America, whose Alpha Chapter is at the
New England Conservatory of Musio,
Boston, announces the election to hon-
orary membership of John C. Freund,
editor; Albert Spalding, violinist; Emil
Oberhoffer, conductor of the Minneapolis
Symphony Orchestra; Edgard Stillman
Kelley, composer, and Louis Victor Saar,
composer and educator. There is con-
siderable competition between the Sin-
fonia and a young fraternity, the Kappa
Gamma Psi, which now lus three chap-
ters, for enrolment of distinguished
musicians on the honorary lists.

Before the Young Women’s Christian
Association of the New [cngland Con-
servatory Miss Bertha 1. Goldthwaite
spoke Monday evening, January 22, on
‘The Fulness of Christ." This was one

the next

 

  

of a series of meetings. Other speakers
will be: January 29, Frederick L. Trow-
bridge; February %. the Rev. Dr. Alex-
ander Mann; 12, Willis Hl. Butler; 19,

Miss Sarah Louise Arnold; 26, intercol-
legiate meeting, led by H. Pauline Pat-
tison, Boston University; Bwances Ditt-
mer, Simmons College, and Izer Whiting,

Emerson College of Oratory; Mareh 6 106 W ith St, bet, Lenox and %th A

. : FRA: AMRO: Dureetor a1 r ; iit ves.
student meeting, led by Blanche Speer ; nehiee retin et rrirpent tes unusual eppor- af Ni Haw an TT Peet ut ae rele
12, Miss Grace Hutchins; 19, Dr. Lemuel tunities offered by this endowed school . pee Bewalian 10) sn pil dang,
H. Murlin; 26, Miss Katy Boyd George. PB hal uropean training. Por cat- . er 5200.

A concert by advanced students of the} | The Secretary, Bes. 325 (20 Claremont Ave., N. Y. City STUDIOS, 38 W. 44th
New England Conservatory on January | MANSFIELD Vanderbilt 4674. Est. a
23 presented a programme as follows: Satta es eeeece eee eter eas V1 OB0OG8 PAuEnE nut xpenlalise in private
Bach—Toceata in F major, for organ, | ; Classes Tues. and Thur ie eee
Wendell M. Jones; three songs from} LOU'S } reasonable; circular
Gabriel Faure, Rulon Robison. Doh-! yocas, AND PIANO INSTRUCTION, | |
nanyi—Suite Gothique. Mdwin Steckel. | squdio:; IW, 72d St. Tel 3375 Colu: ous vere
Vieuxtemps-—Fantaisic-Caprice, John D cgeceeee sasraibivapunancetciameiedeaiara = as LSE
Murray; songs from the old Italian, Oo VIOLINIST |
Salvator Rosa and Pergolesi, Sarah bh. ALEXANDER BLOCH, AUER | ] P R I V A T E
Oakes, Rachmaninoff—Tarentella, op, BY 7 {

17, for two pianofortes, \Miae and Wil- STUDIO, 46 WEST 96TH STREET,
helmina Cotten. = Sep eR Raya ee Te | SCHOOLS

Midyear examinetions at the Con- JESSIE FENNER HILL L
facdo ; . i ca) Oe : =
servatory began January a and will (Jessie G. Fenner) TEACHER OF SINGING,

continue through February

SWARTHMORE COLLEGE.

Prof. Benjamin PF, Battin of Swarth-
more College, Swarthmore, Pa., who for
the past year has been absent in KMurope
as international organizer of the world
for promoting International friendship
through the churches, has returned to
this country for a brief vacation at
Swarthmore, tle has been in Murope,
with the exception of a few visits at his
home here, practically the whole year,
He sailed from America for bis luet trip
to Europe on October 2. He first went
to England and from there went to Hol-
land, Germany, Switzerland, and from
Switzerland back again to Holland and
England. As international onganizer of
the World Alliance he has opened up the
International bureau in offices at The
Hague, Holland,

The Swarthmore Women's Clab of
New York held a reunion yesterday af-
ternoon at the University Club, New
York city, ‘The reunion on this oecasion
ware in the shape of a tea from 8 to 6,

 

meeting, |
following |

 

|

| INSTRUCTOR IN THE ART OF SINGING
and Votce Specialist, Opera Repertoire,

 

ee ee oe

-enciacsonseonissesces iso aisecaineaaeeapetaiceaeiscaligiesiiclalapenebieeneasiaaatinaeiepieeesapegdaarsnmianigeestierapeiaapscincaieedids capa aestenaiesaaeaciaes aaa naan at

-PREPARATORY SCHOOLS. COLLEGES “ACADEMIES ©

 

 

FOR BOYS AND YOUNG MEN,

 

 

INSTRUCTION. |

ae Cerne

ANSTRUCTION,
FOR BOYS AND YOUNG MEN,

— a cstenienck
NEW YORK CITY—New York. } NEW YORK CITY, New York. i

 

Convert Your Latent Talent
Into Earning Capacity—-Now

Modern organized business is in such need of men trained for
business leadership that the largest corporations are now pro-
viding sc‘entific training for men in their employ with a view
to the development of additional executives. |

You Can Secure This Same Training in Advance
It Is the Passport to High-Grade Positions

Many of the largest corporations in America have adopted the Pace
Standardized Courses in Accountancy and Business Administration to meet
their need for competent men. These same Courses are open to you for direct
enrolment. No interference with your present position. Previous knowledge
of bookkeeping is not required. Send for free bulletin giving complete details
of evening class groups now forming.

Address: F. P. Lamphear, 215 W. 23d St., N. Y.; M. S. Tuttle,
55 Hanson PI., Srockiyn, or Pace & Pace, 30 Church St., N. Y.

 

NewYorPreparaory —

22 PARK AV., bet. 38th and 39th sts., N. Y, |
Cor, Franklin & Jefferson Avs., BROOKLYN | @le herve provided for every boy. Fine climate,
SAVE ONE OR MORE YEARS IN

moras

NEW TERM BEGINS JANUARY 29
Bend for Catalog &‘‘Success in Regents'Kxams,"'

Re

Sen
of examinations and outline
tion necessary for each of the many CER- |
TIFICATERS.

F. P. LAMPHEAR, 23D ST. Y. M.C.A.

 

 

 

 

 

 

NEW JERSEY—Lakeweed,

BLAKE TUTORING SCHOOL,
Lakewood, N. J.
Rapid preparation for college. Indiv. inet. Gade

 

 

 

 

 

FOR GIRLS AND YOUNG WOMEN,
NEW YORK CITY, Now York,

NEW YORK SCHOOL OF FILING

Singer Building, New York,
| A highly specialized vocational echeet

gents Examinations | for women. Call or send for catalog.

for FREE BULLETIN giving dates

|
Ss
s

 

 

 

 

 

of prepara. | NEW JERSEY—Lakewood.

! LAKEWOOD SCHOOL FOR GIRLS,
Open-alr classes, sports and sleeping roo
throughout the year.
and Adaptive Courses, Exceptional advan- j
tages in Music. Personal ecare—tutoring.
Catalog. Miss EDITH SAMSON, Prinoipal,
Lakewood, N. J,

me
College Preparatory

 

NEW YORK’S
PRIVATE

BUSINESS SCHOOIS,

 

 

 
  
  
     
  

 

 
   
 
 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

NEW YORK CITY, New York.
SCHOOLS Creer Secretarial
Shorthand, Typewriting
Bookkeeping, English.
YOUNG MEN AND BOYS.
uPERKELEY-IRVING SCHOOL. 1\8 ¥! COOL
m mar. ro «CO Rie ym.,
Swim'g Pool, ete,” 37th years 309-15 Ww. Day and Now open.
83rd St. Tel. Schuyler 4836. Night Call, Write
spines —— Phone sessions or Send for
THE KOHUT SCHOOL FOR BOYS. 2261 24th Catalogue, i
Riyerdale-on-Hudson, ‘ 367 Kingsbrid 2. Gramercy year u
ae bere ER TIOEL. Pein, " NATIONAL BANK BUILDING, |
younger boss. Hi re UGEL, Prin. FIFTH > NAL BANK .
eee ape ae cece came Lexington Ave, at 23d St., Ne Ye i
RIVERDALE COUNTRY SCHOOL. || i trcteti cnn oer }
Dee ease on Cortlandt Pik. at elite a
oarding Boys. F. 8. Hacket ei} aa
master. Intimate teaching by Scholarly Men COMMERCIAL CLASSES ay

F

all day, including Sat'y, Study

B SHOOL FOR | f
{BARNARD SCHOOL FOR BOYS

 

 

 

Our popular business training courses in
Stenography, Typewriting, Bookkeeping, J
Cost Accounting, Business Bnelish and

 

in, West 242d St. Roys may remain
hour. Teno-

 

 

 

Dis Courts. Ath. Field.’ Kind'« to College. Arithmetio now open for enrollment. Free }
bookle! 8
FOR GIRLS AND YOUNG WOMEN. WEST SIDE Y.M.C. A. |
THE BARNARD SCHOUL FOR GIRLS, 316 WEST 01TH STREET, 4
[indergartan to College. Graduates ig | -————~— eee nme atone
Jolleges, G asium an ‘en
Catalogue. 423° West. 148th. Street. LANGUAGES.
,
BOTH SEXES. NEW YORK CITY, New Yerk, Ni
THE BROWN SCHOOL OF TUTORING He
Fore tient, 75th, Street. Col, 8804. SPANISH cence
3. One at a time with teacher. .
All day study. Two years work in one ITALIAN Rh

 

ETE
Central Park West and Sixty-third Street.
y
Athletic Field.

 

Begin to speak at once. }
Waste no time on appoint- 3
ments. Learn in the privacy u

i of your home or office during
} spare moments, frec from the

 

CAL CULTURE

 

SCHOOL

Ly Kindergarten to College.
pen Air Departments

 

 

  

he Scudder School, Day and Hoarding. y Sin herent of the class
WY. 72d St., at Riv erside Drive. High school: L Ph M h

c economics; ’ ies; secretarial,
for mics; dramatic, secretarial. | Language Phone Method

 

DWIGHT SCHOOL
48-49. Day Dept. of
tors
classes, mod. fees. New term beg. Jan. 29th

THIS DIRECTORY APPEARS DAILY
& SUND

THE 8S
BUREAU, N. ¥. SU?

 

 

  

 

'A

 

 

MADAME HELENA THEODORINI

FIVE WEST EIGHTY-SECOND STREET, | 25¢ @fternoon and evening's dancing, alee

Appointment may be made by telephoning
to Mme, Jenny Besnier, Secy, Schuyler 445

 

 

 

Metropolitan Upera House, 1425 Broadway, N.Y.

 

ESPERANZA

Art of Sinring.
Hotel Richmond.70 W.40, Phone 82

wibor TUYSTER

A School of Vocal Sixht Reading,
MME. BUCKHOUT

Carl] Hein, August Fraemcke.

| students: all branches taught by emi-
} nent instructors from beginning to high-
| cst perfection.

All

and attendance on Lectures and Con-
Sere free to students.
Aug.
Carl Hein; Theory, Rubin Goldmark; |
Public School Music, Dr, Frank R. Rix; _

 

ron T. Scudder, Pres

 

And HKosenthal’s Practical Lingutstry
A systen of disc records and text books that
fetmple, inexpensive and convenient. You hear
the living voice of a native professor pro: nee
the foreign language until you master it. ‘ow z.
Ca use your own machine; our records fit all.
Ca!) for free demonstration or write for bookies. *
2H LANGUAGE PHONE METHOD 4
10Ov Putnam Bidg., 2 West 45th 5¢.. nearStaae | f

   

 

72 Park Ave., bet
New York Prepara-
School Thorough work. limited

Y. RATES ON REQUEST,
OOL, COL GE AND CAMP
N. ¥. CATY,

      

 

 

 

   

NCH Courses of Alliance Francalee
peration with College City of N. Y,
Alliance Francaise, 200 Fifth Ave,

| DANCING,
NEW YORK CITY New York

| THE LATEST

\ few lessons at our studio
will make you proficient in
the season's new dances,

Mr. Wilson specializes en-
tirely in private, personal {ne
struction, imparting distine-
tion to your dancing,

Most of New York's social
elute take their private lessons from
P Mr. Wilson,

There are many new beautifal step
combinations this season, includt
the I'wo-lwo, Londen Taps an
the Todidle

TERMS MOST REASONABLE

 

   

Write

 

 

 

MUSICAL,

 

NEW \ORK CITY—New York.

NEW YORK COLLEG

 

OF MUSIC =
125-130 East 58th Street.
Directors,

    
 

SS

   
  
 

  

 

 
 
 
 

     
 

 

   

!
|
High School of Music for earnest |
|
|

    
 

Instruction individual,
class instruction in Harmony, &c.

 
   
 
  

Piano Dept.,
Vocal Dept.,

 

     

Fraemeke, Dean;

 
      

 

Art Dept., Frank H. Collins,
|

 
         

Maine tod tate send for “The Dance,” our
% Send for Cata'ogue | beautifully iMuatrated booklet in
a colors.
See BH

Or 7x

Write ror information
Teachers’ Normal Course

G. Hepburn Wilson, M.B,
American Auhoriiy on Modern Dancing
Thorley Bldg., FIFTH AVENUE, Corner 46thSt.

 

BAKONESS uo HARMEZAK,

elephone Bryant 6421,

Refers by permission to
Mr. Enrico Caruso,
Mr. Gatt!- “2a

M. Cleofonte Campanini
Mr. Antonio Scotti,

Mr. Glur+ppe Da Luca

Mr. Andrea De Segurola
STUDIO,

 

 

Dancing Scheel

L Oo VE L L ‘Ss none 39387 Cel,

1o0-104 W. 9TH ST, COR. 6TH AV,
ALL THE LATEST DLANCKS,
CORRECTLY TAUGHT IN 9 LESSONS, 8&
OPEN DAILY FROM 9 A. M, TO 11 PB ML

Neca br tiiean one
ECEPTIONS SATURDAY & SUNDAY BV,

AD. NEWBERGER

2307 BROADWAY, bet.83d and 84th Sts.

 

 

 

Institute of Musical
Fart of the city of mew pork

     

 

 

 

 

 

GARRIGUE

Residence Studios

 

There are so many excellent insti- i
tutions that it is difficult for parents

to decide which to select. To help By
solve your problem unbiassed infor.
mation bearing on your particular
instance and booklets of any school
or college will be sent you free upon
request. Write, stating near what

 

6 Bryant

 

220 Madison Ave.
Classe or Privately

Singers tauxht to read.

 

 

 

ce eee Weal city or town you would lke your 1 ‘i
Sener ome? ——neeanerer =e Pern a children to be, what kind of school a an
CAMBRIA. j

Teacher of Mandolin, Guitar, Ukelele, 118W.112 St,
VAN YORX VOCAL STUDIOS

22 W. SOTHI ST,

 

Lillian Bradley, Soprano, Concerts, Recitals,
245 W. Gist St. N.Y.

 

ZALPHA
BARNES

w,
i.

and how much you desire to spend \
for tuition and support. Immedi- ‘S
ately upon reading this advertise

TEL. GREELEY 3701, ment write to

 

Bookings Now Open,

The New York Sun
School, College and (amp Bureau,
150 Nassau St., New York

Tel, 1730 Ctrele,

 

 

 

BOGERT

oo D ore prtreny

Teacher of Singing,
414 W. U2ND tT,

 
         
   

     

|