io i Soot

 

+
>
4

AND NEW YORK PRESS.

SUNDAY, JANUARY 28, 1917.

t the Post Office New York es
Secona Ch Class Mall M )

   
 
    
   
   
  
 
      
   
  
 
  
   
  
    
   
   
    
 
    
   
 
   
  
  
 
  

 

Forrien Rates.

Per Month..... “
k¥, Per Month,.... ’ +!
AND SUNDAY . 100

ENING SUN, Per Monta....

 

 

 

NING SUN, Per Year...... 3
WENING SUN (Foreign), Per Mo, 1
“checks, money “orders, &c.,, to be
a. to Tar Sv IN.

 

*, by the

* including Sunda
ation at

nish ed all
and Publishing As#
au street, in the Borough of Man-
yew arere Eteslaent Frank A.
oy street; Vice-President,
rd 150 Nassau etreat, Bec: |
i TitherIngton, 150 Nassau

re L dveasurer, Wm, T. Benart, 150 Nas-
n , 40-43 Fleet street.

art ofhes, Rue do ia Michadlere, off

du Quatre Septembre.

Munsey Bullding.
Peon cacy, eu m M02 Eagle Build-

vienda who favor va with manu-

Bor {renee sh, for publication wish
rejected articles returned they muat
it cases aend stamps for that purpoee.

; " TELEPHO , BEEKMAN 2200.
. SS

Wonderful and Much Esteemed
- Workman of West Orange.
Nobody knows or carés how much
ARCHIMEDES spent on his at-
tempt to express the amount of sand
would be required to fill the
p,. We remember him, every
we put a hinge on a door, as
inventor of the screw. Eprson's
ry, which may not have occurred
the Greek mechanic, is that a man
© invents something unnecessary is
his time.
| Fortunately for the world, Evisox
lopted this theory as a rule early
hls career. It would be interesting
know how many inventions have
conceived by him only to be
atly discarded because of their
_of necessity; probably he has
“mo record of them. He hus had no
‘time to make a book of them, for he
has written less than any other great
man of the age, perhaps as he has
ard less, talked less and slept less.
He. has tried harder than any other
man. He has wrestled with the ap-
jarently impossible as uncompromis-
as Jacos with the angel, and

re

 

 

wa
yi

AT

 

pa

zy

'turping it into the possible has forced
it to give its blessing to himself and

e

“

rest of us. But Jacon wrestled
one night, while Tuomas for
s has scorned the plea of his task ;
me go, for the day breaketh !”
So wrestling, he has worked as
g in the years that will be three
} and ten next month as most
od men would work in a hundred
i fifty years if they had them; and
has accomplished more than any
| other living man for the comfort and
| Bleasure of the world. If there be
who doubt it they may tele
their dissent through an Edl-
‘gon carbon transmitter, or talk it
io his phonograph, or go pettishly
»t0 a kinetoscope show in a cab pro-
as. by an Edison battery, all under
Edison incandescent light. This
Vast is his greatest gift to man, for It
| is universal. One small lamp will
give light for a king to write his ab-
@iecation or for a child to read o tat-
tered primer.
If another seventy years could be
) given to him, what might not be done

 

  

P

i by this glorified Yankee tinker to

“whom science is nothing except what
‘tt may do of good for man; to whom
the failures of himself and others are
‘ only incentives for more patient la-

if bor, and to whom day and night are

    
  
   
 
 
   
    
  
 
  
   

fioltow words that deceive idlers! ,
; 2 Hittle in advance, we offer birth-

  

salutations to the Franklin who
everybody play with the kite.

 

 

The Japanese Elections.

The dissolution of the Japanese
‘House of Representatives by the
fikado leaves the political situation
r the same as it was at the time
of the resignation of Marquis Okuma.

‘\ The intensely bitter party strife which

Yea to the appointment of Count
, wcHr as Premier has not been
nor has the new Premier
in power or popularity,
The reason for Treravcnt’s appoint-
ment, which was more or less obscure
at the time of his selection last Oc-
tober, now appears to nave been that
the exigencies of the European war
» demanded a leader who possessed the
F greatest influence with the military
| forces of the empire and that the ‘in-
HE ternal condition requiréd a man who
-@gnid check a growth of constitu-
tional progress for which conservative
men believed the country was not pre-
pared. While Trravucui had served as
Governor-General of Corea his career
-had been largely made in the army.
His course thus becaine of consider-
‘able interest to the United States, as
» it was feared he would undertake an
— aggressive policy in China. Instead
he seems to have followed the course
“outlined by Marquis Okuma. His re-
| ent settlement of the incident grow-
tag out of the clash between Japanese
and Chinese troops at Cheng-Chiatun
‘and*the dropping of the demand for
| right to police portions of Manchuria
and Mongolia were gratifying to the
fitate Department and had a tendency
_-to remoye much of the apprehension
of trouble felt at the time of his en-
trance into office.
* In his own country, however, Terau-
OHI Was Unable to overcome the dis-
favor with which his appointment was

_ ¥Fecetved. One of his first steps was

to endeavor to gain support in the
Parliament, It was not surprising
Ahat the majority which had been so
effectually snubbed by his selection
_ over men whom it had favored should
be'loath to pledge its support to him,
‘Th press has been bitter In its at.
“a. declaring that bis: appointment

   

|

23 |

was a revival of bureaucracy and a
departure from the course toward rep-
resentative government.

Trravcnt’s opponents will insist in
the forthcoming elections that the real
question {is whether or not Japan
shall have a responsible Ministerial
Government, Against this is the con-
tention that Japan has been skilfully
governed and that while Trravent is
non-partisan he represents the only
national party that Japan should have
at the present time. The issue ts
thus rather clearly defined as between
a rule by the Privy Council of the
empire or a representative Ministry,
and while the elections are likely to

19 |2ffect only the internal affairs of

the country they will nevertheless be
watched with much interest by the
outside world.

| Southern Taxlayers and Northern

 

Sc

Taxpayers.

In the caucus of House Democrats
upon the revenue bjll the chairman
of the Ways and Means Committee,
Craupe Kitcnin of North Carolina,
told the conscientious objectors from
the South:

“You can tell your people that prac-
tically all of this tax will go north of
Mason and Dixon's line, The prepared-
ness agitation has its hotbed in such cit-
ies as New York. This bill levies a tax
on those who have been clamoring for
preparedness and are benefiting because
of preparedness appropriations.”

As pretty an utterance of sectional-
isin as we remember to have heard in
years. The only trouble with it is
that it does not embody the truth, No
one knows better than Kitcuin that
the tax on profits, the 50 per cent.
raise In inheritance tax rates, the sale
of $331,000,000 bonds and other de-
tails of the bill are due to the fiasco
on the Mexican border, to the Demo-
cratic tariff and to Government saste
since March 4, 1913.

If Mr. KitcnHin wants to play the
narrow little North Carolina politi-
cian he {is privileged to do so, but it
would be just as well to adhere to
the facts und merely misrepresent
them. That would suttice.

Not Merely Advice, but Advice and
“« Consent.”’

 

Tt will readily be remembered, for
the event is recent indeed, that when
first pledging, or atiempting to pledge,
this country’s participation in a peace
league Mr. Witson did not think it
hecessary to inform the Senate of his
purpose, Afterward an attempt wae
made to secure an unqualified indorse-
ment of his proposal and the attempt
failed completely, The Senate refused
to do more than approve that part of
Mr. WILson's peace note which called
on the belligerent Towers to state
their aims.

Tf the Senate's attitude on this oc-
casion conduced to remind Mr. Wi-
son that he is not the sole arbiter of
our external policies a great step has
been taken toward acquainting bim
with the fact that he is primarily the
President of the United States and
only secondarily and doubtfully the
President of Humanity.

Such a revelation was bound to
come, and its effect on Mr. Witson, as
well as on some of his followers, can-
not be other than salutury. But the
President (of the United Stutes) has
still much to learn when he addresses
the Senate as “the council associated
with me in the final determination of
our foreign obligations.” The Senate
of the United States {s no mere coun-
cil to advise the President of the
United States in external relations,
but a body whose ratifleation by a
two-thirds vote is necessary to vali-
date any foreign engugement what-
ever. The President proposes, the Sen-
ate disposes; a consideration which
does much to reduce the importance
of Mr. Wutson’s latest utterance, and
is likely to do still more.

A Census of Ancestors.

Are you short of ancestors? And
how much of Apam is in you, physto-
logically? ‘The questions rise after
reading in the Medical Record an ar-
ticle by Dr. A. L. Benxepicr on “Con-
sanguinity: A Method of Indicating
Degrees of Relationship in Terms of
Blood Cells.”. The guthor aims to
supply a method, now lacking in his
profession, for expressing the exact
quantitative degree of blood relation-
ship. He does not discuss the prob-
lems of heredity, but the mathemati-
cul side of its study. The task must
be solved or proved insoluble “if we
really learn anything as to human
heredity”; that is, anything exact for
use In the study of mentality, disease,
the legal restriction of consanguine-
ous murriages, eugenics, and the ss-
similation of the immigrant. How
else can we learn whether the flux
from the melting pot is good?

Every person, whether he likes it
or not, has two parents, four grand-
parents, eight great-grandparents—
and so on backward in geometric pro-
gression, excluding duplicates. Go
back so far that, in order to express
the relationship in common terms you
must use the word “great” ten times
before “grandparents” and how many
ancestors do you find at the base of
the pyramid? Four thousand and
ninety-six! The amateur genealogist
who will trace his line back twenty-
three generations on both sides, with
all branchings, must be prepared to
jot down, at the end, the names of
4,292,608 great great (repeat ad Hb)
grandparents; no small tusk for one
of these shortening nights. Dr, Benr-
pict softens the arithmetical blow by
suggesting that there are usually du-
plications in very long lines; indeed,
they are “practically inevitable In any
stationary population.” Two brothers
marry sisters and their children
are double cousins, If the double
cousing intermarry, their offspring
have only half the normal number

  

=<).
Se

years to a generation.”

Accepting twenty-eight years as a
generation and the time of Anam as
7,000 years back, take pad and pen-
cil in hand. With 250 generations
and the number of» grandparents
doubling in each, how many grand-
parents of the same remote day can
Joun Smitn of Manhattan boast?

of ancestors beyond grandparents and
are as closely consanguineous as if
brother and sister had married in a
former generation. More remote de-
grees of cousinship also cut down the
mathematical quota of ancestors. Dr.
BeNepict says:

“Probably the average Yankee-Ameri-
can (to introduce a new hyphenate
term) {is short one-eighth to one-quarter
of his theoretic quota of ancestors of
the period of first immigration to this
country, and this nation waa established
by a sub-race that was very closely in-
termarried, often to sych a degree that
the actual number of ancestors in the
immigrant generation was only half of
its theoretic number. The same or a
greater degree of consanguinity must
exist in practically all parts of Purope
where the population of a comparatively
small area has remained stationary for
a few hundred years."

Getting exact figures on consan-
guinity is a hard job. Suppose a
certain ancestor appears as a great-
grandfather in one line and as a great-
great-grandfather in another? What
is the determining action on heredity?
In animals it is easy for sclence to
observe the workings of the Mende.
lian law, but man, the slow developer,
is a tough proposition. Dr. Benepict
gives figures bearing on the age of a
generation:

“The senior member cf the eighth gen-
eration of a large family was born 207
years after his first ancestor, giving an
average of about twenty-six years to
a generation, while the junior member
(carried down in the descent of young:
est sons) was born only eighteen years
later, giving an average of twenty-eight

Presently the pad ts filled and the
pencil is a stub, and although only
110 generations have been explored
the figures reach a decillion. Allow-
ing perhaps 20 per cent. off for dupli-
cation, SmitH ought to have had a
decillion decillions of ancestors in
Apam’s time. But in Apvam’s time
were not ApamM and Eve
grandfolks? Probably br. Bexrvict
could explain by means of another
and receding pyramid, but the episode
of Noa occurs to us and there is a
fascinating fire engine going down
Spruce street. Besides, what's a de-
cillion ancestors among friends? That
rare old Prussian Herr NeanprertHat
never worried about the congestion
in Fifth avenue.

a a

the only

Two Years of Muzsied Dogs.

The ordinance providing for the
muzzling of all dogs in this city was
put in effect early in the autumn of
1914. There have been two full years
for the obseryation of its effects. In
the three years before muzzling was
insisted upon the average number of
deaths from rabies was two a year.
In 1915 and 1916 there were no
deaths from rabies of persons who
had the Pasteur treatment, and only
two other deaths, but the department
treated 335 cases, in 164 of which it
was proved that the biting animal
was mad. An annual average of
elghty-two rabid dogs sounds alarm-
ing enough, but the records show that
the annual average in the three years
before muzzling was 340.

In 1914, eight months of which
were not affected by the muzzling law,
4,559 persons in New York were bit-
ten by dogs; last year only
This is a creditable reduction, but it
Is not enough. The Health Depart-
ment urges a stricter enforcement of
the. ordinance, the use of efficient
muzzles on all dogs and a more gen-
eral destruction of unmuzzled dogs
found at large. This will be agreed
to by dog owners who obey the law,
for they have seen the benefits of its
enforcement in part. If they grumble
now it is because some other owners
make a joke of the ordinance by sub-
stituting a chin strap for a muzzle.
This is worse than no muzzle at all,
for it gives the policeman an excuse
to wink at the offence, A dog muz-
zled inefficiently and running free is
far more to be dreaded than an un-
muzzled dog on a leash,

‘The muzzle ordinance has accom-
plished a good deal. Its stricter en-
forcement will produce further bene-
fits, and there will be no objection
from the Jaw abiding dog owner. ‘The
other fellow is negligible.

2,409,

EEE EEEEEEEEEEEaeeed

 

Arraigned.

From Washington we are informed
that “Cirartes M. Sciwap of the
Bethlehem Steel Company sought an
interview with Secretary of the N
DANIELS to
situation.”

The criminal approaches the judge-
ment seat. The pupil draws near to
the principal's office, The reluctanr
son precedes the avenging father to
the woodshed, The verdict has been
read, sentence has been passed, the
penalty will soon be inflleted, One last
hope remains to buoy up the spirits of
the condemned, ‘The tribunal may be
merciful, Whut the letter of the law,
the exact and rigid requirements of
high office and grave responsibility
have decreed nay be mitigated in
merey, The pleas of youth, of inex-
perience, of ignorance, of grave temp-
tation, of hunger treading on the
heels of want, unavailable and im-
potent in court : these may move the
sternest heart to pity and relief,

Reparation, restitution, guaranties
for the future; will Josepmus accept
these as the satisfying terme of a
peace without victory?

savy
talk over the projectile

We accept with pleasure the invita-
tion of the MCMXV Executive Town
Officials, Trustees of Cushing Academy
and Directors of the Watatie Club of

eee

cee a a ere NN

   

Ashburnham {fn Massachusetts to be
present at a little gathering on
September 12, 2015, to meet the Presi-
dent of the United States and His
Excellency the Governor of Massa-
chusetts, His Staff and The Executive
Council of Massachusetts at the
Celebration of the opening of the
Louls H. Ejisenlohr Box. We have
hung the invitation on the wall as a
reminder and. mural decoration ‘bal-
ancing our print of St. Paul's in 1848,
and near our carriers’ address of 1849.
We have also entered the invitation
in our engagement book. Only the
intervention of some occurrence of
paramount public importance will
keep us away from that interesting
oceasion; and although we are not un-
duly alarmed over the progress of
prohibition, we hope a bottle of Med-
ford rum was Included in the contents
of the box.

Meanwhile, we ask Gporar FE. Horr-
MAN of Philadelphia, who has written
to us about this celebration, what the
devil he means by saying the Editors
of 2015 are not yet born? We are
accepting this invitation for ourselves.
We haven't the slightest intention of j
relinquishing our work, or of quitting
a world so crowded with amusing,
contradictory, irritating and pleasant
experiences as is this rolling ball of
joy and misery. If Mr. HorrmMan
wants to give it up, that is his affair;
we plan to remain where we are, let-
ting light into dark places, keeping
fools in a reasonable state of subjec-
tion—not abolishing them altogether, !
mind you, Mr. HorrMan—showing up}
the frauds, and maintaining the happy
relations that now subsist and have
long endured between us and other
wise and cheerful persons.

We shall run over to Philadelphia
in our air car early on the morning
of the eventful day, and pick Mr.
HorrMan up, if in the intervening
years he continues to merit our
friendship and confidence.

 

 

 

 

In discussing the recent appoinr.|
ments to the Court of Appeals the
other day we said that Judges Car-
pozo and McLavuGuttn had relinquished |
the certainty of long terms of service!
in the Supreme Court for the chance;
of nomination and election to the Court
of Appeals next fall. An up-State
lawyer, writing on the paper of the,
City Court of Utica, thinks we were,
in error, and cites the law relating to
temporary designations to show it.
The Judges named, however, are mot
sitting in the Court of Appeals under
temporary designations. They have}
been appointed to fill vacancies in the}
permanent court and the acceptance
of the appointments vacated their |
offices as Supreme Court Justices,

 

Dr. GRAYSON was chosen among all)
the officers of the Medical Corps to}
guard the health of the President for,
four years. He has done that duty)
splendidly, while at the same time ful-|
filling his duties in hospital work.
Doesn't that entitle him to some con-
sideration?—Secretary DANIELS.

It doesn't entitle him to the post
of Medical Director of the. Navy with |
the rank of Rear Admiral. Secretary
DaNIELS would have talked in pre-
cisely the same way about any other
doctor whom the President proposed |
to make a Rear Admiral with pay of}
$8,000 a year.

 

 

A MAN WHO KNOWS IT ALL, |

In this loose and 1awines age when op- |

 

pression holds the stage {

And the weak are being crowded to the!
wall,

‘Tis a pleasant thing to find that a Prov-
dence most kind

Has at last produced a man that knows
it all;

Not a man who holds aloof, letting others
bring the proof,
But a man who just admits he knows

it all;
And more, much more than this, that
while knowing what's amiss,

 

He guarantees to dissipate our cares

And to cure all publiie ills with a box of
magic pills,

Compounded by two famous doctrinaires.

So of course we'll all easy, play
checkers and parvhesi,

While the country’s growing taller and
more tall,

For we know that naught can harm us,

 

 

rest

 

|

me

{ Satanic
{Uncle Sam's family

{small babies should be told that

and will be familiar with all of the
j Latin quotations found in the back of
the dictionary, She will not be as
hopeless as the New York school
teacher who knew Cesar by heart and
yet inquired of one of our librarlans
“Who is this historian Ibid? I have
never heard of him.”

Out of the 206 bones in our bodies

 

 

mends the President's Ideals.
To THE Epiror or Tur SUN—Sir: Peace

cataclysm without any victor,

Americanism, and I believe that
son's ideals will go down to history as
est American leaders,

German born lady:

tions, but the war of the kings and of all
the rulers.
lic as this country, the war would never
have started. Let us hope that Wil-
son's ideals and dreams of a great
peaceful future are soon facts.

F. B. Fasoia, Dk Ph.

Hopoxen, N, J., January 27.

President of the World.

To THE Epiror or THE SuN—Sir: The !
little daughter of a clerical friend of
mine, residing in Washington, pro- |
pounded to her father the following |

timely question:
“Father, is Mr,

of the world?”
PHILADELPHIA, January

mH,

0-7

A.

Mary Todd Addresses the Bloodthirsty | just ab food na old Ramos,”

and Gold Glutted Editors.

To THE Eptror ov THE SUN—Sir:
not about time you quit playing a
role? Already multitudes
are fainting by the|
wayside because of the Judas leadership |
of our press. Is it your diabolical aim
to cause a whole people to be practically |
turned out of its Garden of Eden into a}
wilderness?

One would think that the leaders of
to-day, editors in place of priests, would
be satisfied to know that Europe is fast
becoming a wilderness, But it appears
vhat you will stop at nothing, notwith- |
standing the coffers of your base con- |
spirators are already overfilled with
gold, price of many a crime untold. Ay,
one would think you to be absolutely
sated with blood

it

 

and booty after so
many months of stupendous horrors.
Are you indeed flends that the very

word peace sets you aquiver and mad-
dens you?

It is the diabolical influence of the
press, hand in glove with Wall Street,
that has caused President Wilson to!
|} plan a future peace, He dare not SUB- j
gest one that can stop a new and, if pos-|
sible, still more bloody white man's
Armageddon, planned to take place in
the near future,

Why not repent to-day and proceed to
obey the divine command, ‘Let there be
light Pf Mary Ives Topp.

BROOKLYN, January 27.

THE UTILITY OF LATIN.

How Describe. Your Bones or Order |
Your Muscles Without It?

To Tuw Epitor or THE SuN—Sir: The |
founders of the Rockefeller Modern
School will make a great mistake if}
they do not teach their children some- |
thing of the foundation of works on |
religion, ethics, philosophy, science, |
what not—Latin. 1 am not a ae |
in teaching Latin as it is taught in the

 

'

 

 

 

ordinary high school, but I believe that
words
have fathers and mothers even as
children. In the Scudder School little
two year old Eleanor Odin greets me
each morning with a Latin salutation.
She can sing Latin songs and delights
to do Greek exercises while singing
“Gaudeamus igitur.” She knows the
names of various animals jin Latin, can
order a dinner in this tongue, and by
the time she reaches high school age
she will have a respectable vocabulary

about two hundred have Latin or Greek

nor even much alarm us, names, We cannot 1eeze =o without
While we cuddle up with one who knows} USINE fifty-five pairs of muscles with |

it all. ; Latin or Greek no:ies, We cannot even \
Still, by Heavens and by Hector, that; *!t crosslegged without employing a

this chesty chin projector | Latin named muscie; neither can we

Is a psychologic problem all admit, '

For while showing by each act that he}
takes it for . fact

That the public doesn't know a little bit,

By wordy adumbration that we fail. to
understand

And a tralatitious lingo that flows to,
beat the band;

With a smooth and plastic logic, guar-
anteed upon its face

To support with equal vigor either side
of any case,

Our pedantie, dialectic, pedagogic
woek

Keeps his friends befogged and guessing |

While he strings them by the clock.

R

jabber-

>
‘.

1

 

All's Well With the Browning Socl- |
etles,

To THE Epiror oF THe Sun—Sir: 1
am surprised to hear Mr, James Huneker
eall the’ Browning socleties a pernicious
tribe, as he does in his article on “The
Wild Duck.’ These Browningphiles are
as free from perniciousness as the League
to Bnforce Peace is from hebetude or
the averase professor of literature js
from literature, Just to hear them com- |
pare Browning to Shakespeare proves it. |
James D. Deweur, Jr. |
Conn,, January 25. |

 

   
 

New HAVEN,

 

Psychologic Moment Neglected.

To Tuk Epitor or Tue SuN—Sir: Talk |
about the “psychologic moment" we
does Wiison always miss it? ‘The time | 9

|

for “peace without victory” propaganda
was when the German army was devas-
tating Belgium and wrecking northern }
France, BP LD, |

CHICAGO, 2

lll, January

A Parallel Between Folly and False. |
hood,

To THE Eprror or THe SuN—Sir: “Why
are women lars?’ George Eliot says;
“I'm not denying the women are fools—
the Lord made them so to match the
men."’ Perhaps-—— F.G

New York, January

The ‘asiadizabiad,
I heard the ghosts of Trinity

Express thelr consternation
For fear thelr names might ornament

The Street Investigation.

or
oo

Said one: “Por quite two hundred years
We offen took a fier:

Suppose our honered names came out
In search of some one nigher?

“'TMs our success that makes us fear
Our method? Mortals, hark it:
We played by night; hy day we took
The vafe side of the market.”
MoLasosrrow Wr eon

= lp

use our twelve laughing and six griev-

ing muscles (intelligently) unless we
know something of Latin.
In order to appreciate the human

body we must know something of the
Latin tongue, and in order to remember
all the names of the bones we have

|
|
|

 

 

PEACE WITHOUT erent
An Italian Born | Citizen Warmly Com-| Elght Minutes Beforo the Alchemist

is for me | Orleans.
one of the most beautiful ideals of real | something
Wil- >

the great piinciples of one of our great- { more

Wilson, Peace without victory, appeals
to us both, as we cannot forget the old;
Italian saying, "Gual af vintl"' This

European war {s not the war of the na- | M4tive bartender apprentices,
‘three likely negro boys, who never cease
{shaking until signalled to do so.

If Murope had been a repub- |
Ramos himself, his stouter associate or

!his younger assistant,

; nant with interest,

|

Is}

of
}

|The front rank stands eyes front

TECHNIQUE AT RAMOS'S.

 

Pours From the Magic Phial.

To THe Eprror or Tun SuN—Sir; Mr.
without victory, or, better said, Wilson's | Dounce is wrong about the raixture and
ideas of pulling an end to the Wuropean| making of fizzes at Ramos's in New
He speaks of lemon juice and

that looks like glycerine.
Lemon juice, never! Always the julce
‘of the lime, which gives a decidedly

delicate favor.

There are not and never have been any

Portuguese boys at Ramos's to do the
one or two

shaking; this Ia done by
aided. by |

Then
takes matters in

hand and strains the wel! churned sub-
stance into a previously iced glass. The

| process requires el@ht minutes, all preg- |
anticipation and ex: |

pectancy, followed by a climax of com-

‘forling gratitude and satisfaction.
The memories of Ramos'’s place 80

saddened the yearning heart of General

|Tee Christmas during the Bonilla revo-
Honduras in 1911 that upon!

lution
the

in

occupation of Puerto Cortez Lee

| threatened to shoot Lefevre, the mer-|
Wilson the President |

chant and inn keeper at that place, be-'
cause he had the presumption to assert
that he could “make one of them fizzes

7

The something
that looks like glycerine is nothing less
I am an Itallan born, married to aj than extract of orange blossom, which
and this motto of} adds subtlety to both taste and aroma.

THE NEW PICTURES IN THE McFAD.
DEN COLLECTION.

 

 

| Seven Splendid Additions by Old English Masters, Now on View in Philm
delphia, Examined by Mr. Huneker.

 

[ast September the London Times
announced that the most important
| art “deal” since 1914 was the pur-
ehase by John Howard McFadden of
; certain old English masters in the
famous Joseph Collection. The usual
newspaper outcry followed. Snglish
art was leaving the country, and the
| matter should be investigated by
Parliament! But Mr. McFadden. se-
cured his prizes, and when we Iast
saw them in company with his other
canvases on the walls of the Phila-
delphia Academy of Fine Arts we
were not surprised at the indignation
of British art lovers, Such Con-
| stables, Raeburns and Romneys are
not often encountered outside of the
National Gallery or the Wallace Col-
lection.

It is the fashion nowadays in criti-
cal circles to “slam” the English
|school, a natural reaction from the
uncritical praise bestowed upon it dur-
ing the past century. No doubt Rey-
| nolds, Romney and Gainsborough were
fashionable “face painters’ and never

 

|

with condensed milk and orange peel, measured up to their Continental crea-

Pierre’ DE KLEIN.
WasttiIncton, D. C., January 26.

Dramatic Possibilities of the Sextet.

To THE EpiTor or THE SuUN—Str; The
taste lingers In my memory, but equally

 

strong is the picture of Ramos’s boys |!

in action. Six of those great men, who
compound by eye, stand in immaculate
| uniform; to the left and rear stand the
boys that do the shaking. Without
turning their heads, they of the front
rank pass the covered mixture over the |
left shoulder, It is seized with pre-
cision and, neck high, oscillated through
a small are for an indefinite time. I

believe this merely mechanical part of |

the process greatly enhances the result.
at
attention, while the shaker boys oscillate
in unison,

The frst Broadway producing mana-
ger that recognizes the dramatic possi-
bilities of this,
around the Ramos Sextet,
a golden shower from the tired busi-
ness man. JAMES OWEN.

New York, January 27.

will reap)

 

POE’S COTTAGE.

Period Furniture Is Needed for Its
Proper Rehabilitation.

To THE Evpttor or THE SuN—Sir:
picturesque ‘little home of Edgar Allan
Poe, alive with the interest of the
poet's best days, is now a public pos-
| session, securely placed in appropriate
surroundings tn Poe Park, on the Grand
Concourse, in the Borough of The Bronx.
The care of the building has been com-
| mitted by the city to the Bronx Society
of Arts and Sciences,

The committee has made careful in-
vestigation of the present condition of
the building and of its future require-
ments in attendance and upkeep. It is
planned to remove certain inappropriate
and unsightly modern features and to
refurnish the home with objects once
belonging to the poet or with others
entirely in harmony with the period and
character of its appointments at the
time of its occupation by Edgar Allan
Poe and Virginia Poe,

Gifts of household furnishings of the
period of 1830-50 are desired, sub-
ject to thelr appropriate character and
size. The committee in charge is con-
fronted with the necessity of providing
for the maintenance of the bullding as
a place of interest to numerous visitors,
its suitable furnishings and some de-
sirable restoration, These require the
provision of funds, at present unavail-

able from any source. The committee
solicits the nid of those interested in
this work and invites donations of funds
for the objects above stated,

The needs of alterations and repairs
involve an expenditure of about $1,000.
It is desired to establish a fund for the
maintenunce of the cottage and the
Wages of a curetaker, the expense of
which will amount to about $500 a year,

Contributions to the funds should be
sent to Olin J, Stephens, treasurer of
the Bronx Society of Arts and Sciences,
Gerard avenue, The Bronx, New York
city. Porn CorTrTracr CoMMITTER,

Mrs, A. C. Fisk, Chairman.

York, January 2

t

New

 

 

 

The |}

! tors, Van Dyck, Rembrandt, Correggio
jand the rest. An Americanart writer of
renown has denied that England ever
possessed a painter of the first rank,
jand it might be difficult to gainsay

him. Whistler, with his accustomed

critical acuity, pronounced Hogarth
jthe supreme English master, and
after looking at the “Shrimp Girl,”
unfinished as it is, you are apt to
agree with the rather sweeping dic-
tum. The grand visionary who laid
waste his powers in duelling with
| dead painters, W. M. Turner, is such
| an exception as almost to prove the

rule, Nevertheless, a school that

,;could produce such names as Con-
| stable, Raeburn, Reynolds and Boning-

 

'
|

jton cannot be so lightly dismissed as
; the admirers of rhombolds and par-
jallelepipedons masking as cubist art
| would have us believe, At least two
| of these men, to be precise, Constable
lana Bonington, produced far reaching
{results when they exhibited in Paris. |

and writes a show The Barbizon school dates from their | is a pearly gray cottage scene

influence.

! In the historical Salon of 1824 were

{pictures by Bonington, Lawrence,
| Thales, Copley Fielding, Harding, |
| Wilde and Constable. Lawrence re-

ceived the red ribbon; and gold medals
| were awarded to Bonington and Copley
Wielding. But the successes were the
| Constables There were three, the
‘chief being the “Hay Wain” (origi-
nally purchased with two others for
£250), now in the National Gallery.
| As Henley has pointed out, Constable
}at this time was “a _ respectable
failure, a man of elght and forty but
in the plenitude of his genius.” Never
‘till his time had so much pure na-
ture been set forth in art. He showed
that the sun shines, the wind blows,
that water wets, that clouds are liv-
ing, moving citizens of space, that
grass is not brown mud, that air and
light are everywhere, that t)e trunks
of trees are not disembodied appear-
ances, but objects with solidity and

“

|
|

| vi ronment. He proved beyond dispute
that the tonality of a landscape is
none the worse for corresponding with
something actually felt as existing in
{the subject, and that the colors of
things are not less representative
than their textures and their forms,
He demonstrated once for all the
eternal principles of generalization,
and that a picture lacking in the sense
of weather and the feeling for mass,
@ picture, too, in which the small
truths of a scene are preferred before
its larger and more characteristic |
elements, is so little in sympathy with |
any romantic or poetic view of nature
as to have no existence save as
more or less pleasing pattern. oi, -
stable carried the realistic ideal to a}
point so far ahead of the furthest |
reached by any of his predecessors |
that his results and the convention
on which he achieved them were prac-
tically new.

The new Constable tn the Me
Collection is not only a very hand-
some example but a significant one.
It is “The Dell at Helmington,” and
‘it shows what may be called the be-
ginnings of the Barbizon school. It
has been compared with the work of
Diaz, not a particularly happy con-
junction of names. It is not so dec-
orative nor yet so flamboyant as the

Fadden

of

 

 

; Surface and a place in their aerial en- |

him, but it ts In the company of this
same Reynolds and in the company of
Hogarth that ho will be found in the
future, The “Sir Alexander Shaw,’
which makes the eighth Raeburn in
this collection, is one of tho famous
specimens, ranking in interest and
quality with the “Lord Newton.’ A
grand old virile head, the modelling
solid, the characterization protound
Henley did not go too far HEA he
wrote; “The truth (being that
Henry at his strongest need hard!
vail his bonnet to the best that howe
painted the living aspects of men \
gentleman is company for the Kin:
The new specimen acquired by \
McFadden is Raeburn at his strouges:

Never before has the large callery
at the Academy of Vine Arts in ihtia
delphia shone with such beautiful poy-
traiture. The English masters of Mr.
McFadden are too well known to need
praise anew. Hitherto the public has
not enjoyed a chance to these
masterpieces, Since last spring they
have been shown in the Academy and
were personally hung by the collector.
It would be hard to better the taste
of this hanging. The great Gainsber-
ough, “Lady Rodney,” catches the eve
as you enter, though {t ts not the
“clou" of a collection that might be
said to be all “clous.” The enchant-
ing grace and elegance of this truly
lyric work, not without a suggestion
of the posed grand manner, is indis-
putalble; but there are some judges
who prefer the more Intensive art of
the “Master Bunbury” by Sir Joshua
Reynolds on the wall hard by, And
here is another new Romney, “Little
Bopeep,” a canvas that falrly sings
the portrait of a sweet little girl in
white playing at shepherdess, a com-
panion, if ever there can bo one, to
“The Age of Innocence’ by Sir
Joshua, This Romney

Sir

See

was exhibited
at the Old Masters Show in 1885 }:
Mr, Edward Humby. There isa sm!
but important John Crome. 1]!
richly glowing in tone and quite
acteristic. One of the new Mor!

 

a
in tonalities; the other example is .
interior, and the flowering of the ge
style. The new Richard Wilson
not intrigue the fancy. As a
of the “New Westminster
1746” it is too literal, To be
contiguity of the grandio:
}"The Burning of the Houses of 1"
ment,” makes this Wiser
schematic. But it is hardly repre-
tative of Wilson, who was first a
;& romantic. Nevertheless,
jin this unusual composition a
sense and a cool grasp of essent!
The grouping of canvases
north wall is a notable one: i
Bunbury” by Sir Joshua; Mes
Crouch” by Romney; “John Wes)
by the same artist, and surely
jot his most suave performances
“Little Bopeep,” Romney; “Sir We!
ter Scott" by J. Watson Gordon
| “Lady Grantham,” Romney: and the
| Morland interior, Elsewhere are two

bri
sure, ti

 

   

 

he ye

on ¢t

“Mast

 

one

| pictures by a little Known Englis
painter which reveal Gallic tnflue:

the so-called “gallant” period of tl
eighteenth century in France; one
should say a J. 1B. Pater in terms of
/English prose. W. Williams is tly

name of the artist, and if it be Wi -
fam Willlams—-und we are not ol thst
it is—then it is the work of w sul):

landscape and portrait painter of

the

 

 

 

| hame who occasionally exhibited at
the Royal Academy between 1770 and
i792. Bryan says that his ‘Marrias
and “Gallantry” were engeras
Jukes, and several of bis Shakes}:
fan subjects by Valentine (irec
McFadden has tmade him tre
aristocratic company, and while he 's
not in homely phraseolog Y neo heh
to a grasshopper,” artistically cons!
ered, he is clever and dive
enough,

Even before the new lit
McFadden collection was uni e
may be of course private
of old English masters in Gi
ain which rank with th:
them we are not acquaint
must go either to the Natio:
lery or Hertford House to
match, Mr. W. Roberts, «
mittedly the greatest livin:
and expert in this schoo), wi
illuminating article in the Neue’

z Eng

Century mugazine concern:
masters in the MeFadden a:

|

 

put them into jingles, A child forgets | HEALTH INSURANCE. pictures of the Frenchman, but the]other private collections, a1.
plain prose statements but not a lively ————- “native woodnote wild’ is present, a] his reasons for his unqualified au
jingled fact. A Worker Protests Against State Con-j sweet, effortless simplicity. A newj)tion of the Philadelphia poetores
WINTFRED SACKVILLE STONRR. trol of the Person. Romney—there are elght now in] Some years azo in these co) e
New York, January 23. this gathering—-is a portrait ofj;added our mite of apprecintier \
ae oe | ‘to THE Epitor or THe Sun—Sir: In}rody Grantham painted 1780-81, and| doubt the ideal collector Ives
Balanced Arguments on the Teaching | Your editorial article on “Health Insur-}.omes from Wrest Park, the late| his treasures, and this Mr. Mela
of Latin and Greek, ance” you ask three important questions. | Lord Cowper's collection. This is}has done. His old home in Ritter
To Time Lrron or The Sensi it] They are ‘easlly answered} flamboyant if you will, pitehed in a] house Square was a pictorial feist
is as great foolishness to condemn Latin] Does the average citizen want the/prijiant, almost dramatle key, Rom-|} because of the tactful disposition
Ga Cieanle nacit P teach them to ai| Gevermment to guard his uprisings and] yey hag grace, invention, facility,}each canvas, of the exquisite adapta
classic students leh achool or| downsi (tings: Most emphatically We | charm—and the last quality shall be] tion of every and all masters te th
in college. een not We want no paternalistic gov- first. He will always be known asysurroundings, Yet we began to doud
To those who would become doctors or heTe ment in America, This isa free coun-} one woman's painter, as the wor-|the theory after seeing the pub!
lawyers Latin is as essential as is arith-| °°" ¥° + BN 1 we are going to keep it #0.| sh ipper of Lady Hamilton. Yet he]spacing of these :nagtsterial work
a. ta tk ooaeeoate asec fa inal ; We will not submit to be Prussianized or|yaq his “off days,” and this “Lady |urt. It was like the sonorous achiese
language of theolouy and is as essential! RUssianized. We are not asleep, but) Grantham” would be difficult to match | ments of a full orchastra after the
s caleulus is he astronome j very wide awake to the dangers embod-/ jin the copious production of his en- {more intimate music of a string quat
AB COOULUB 18 tO PAG MALES OEE ie. fied in such a compulsory Dill. gaging art. tet. Mhe Revnoldses. Horarths, Lav
But the fact an aes it Is a waste Of; «noes he [the avernge citizen] want When Wilkie was copying the rences Constables-"‘The Lock’
Hime to teach Latin and Greek to those | compulsory physical examinations?’ No, Prado he was reminded of Henry | chet aie the Cromes, Tae:
who wil be engaged for lite in business a thousand times no. We Americans will Raeburn when confronted by the work |] burns, David Coxes, Hoppners, Tur
Ob RPRER IO eee ell Morey vot submit to them. Not one of us but of Velasquez. Nor is this in the na- ers, the dramatic  ske tch of Lad
valuable truths fo i a on os | will fight to the last ditch for the contro} | ture of a paradox. Several genera-| Hamilton by Romney, the Moria!
Onanar, N. J. January 26 of our own persons. And any political) tions before the advent of the “square | Gainsboroughs—-these and the oth"
By. jparty that thinks it can mut that DIN touch" Raeburn had made it his |make a glorious concert for lover of
Outwitting the Reformers. wer on us will fad itself out in the cold | usage, He has been ealled the “Scots! melow paint and charming forms and
To THE Epivor of THE SUN—Sir: This | MEX! election day. We have votes and) Velasquez,” which, as an epigram, is | scenes. Jt is intended that they be
daylight saving plan is a fares we will use them 50,000 to 100,009 strong, | gond as far as it goes, One thing he |next shown at the Carnegie Instirut
The man reporting for work at si“ d we are not labor union men either shared in some degree with the in- | Pittsburg. It is a pity that Director
o'clock will have his time changed tol.’ Does he [the average citizen} want) comparable Spaniard, and that is his) Robinson of the Metropolitan Museum
o'clock Gronae WALLzERG ; State and employer to follow him into his gift of perceiving and representing | cannot find a gallery free before these
New York, January 27 ‘home?’ We do not, and wo will not] individual character and form, And! pictures return to their new home it
s have it, If we give good service and! his portraits were not only sound and| Philadelphia, A conflict of dates pre
Nothing More to Do, ‘work regularly every day, that is all the] sincere, they were also artistic Pic- | vents this desirable consauait
PONE: ARS CADAGN theta employer has a right to ask of us, and) tures, Raeburn is only beginning to, and, we need hardly add, New ¥
Vice-presider 1 ' f we disobey any law the State Is amply !eome into his own, The*name and is the loser thereby
ae oe 7 a8) a ae, | Drepared already to punish us, Let the fame of Sir Joshua overabadewen | JAMES I!
si naltive: fa itary an ho id al m | eater Mee whe us meee - : — tt - s
to travel the company's < fat salaried positions for themselves
moeee eee mt ithe on an extra train | work for thelr living as we do and stop Another Translation of Hugo. Poland and Belgium. :
hurriedly added one day jn a holiday rush, | spending our time and money, To Tun Eprron or Tre SuN—Sir; My} To THe Epiror or THe SuN— St: to
deemed the nexro porter negiigent in some Brook.yn, January 26, F. Anas, translation of Victor Hugo's poem quoted | #8ked the question, “Is Polung ent! ‘ ‘
small detatis and demanded | Inetant wee ere rt jin your editorial artlele, “Two Bits o7| tO more sympathy than Helsi 1
MISID AES: fee Ne Be Pat cece as Knocking. iSong.” differs from your text. It is: paemee eee nee free ene a oe
employes had been excusable, t / | ‘To rie Epitor of THE SUN-—Sir: The | Be '!ke ae that halting In his fight) | the Poles have heen f
ett . an ; th Dy me 0 mae at aera art of Knocking, like the gentle Cn na a slight | tyranny for a century, and it ver
again and agni each more violent, ve-| art of making enemies, seems to be a In then give way beneath him | where admitted that the Polish los
homent and vindictive than the last. At-| sift of nature, You will hear people who | yet sings, | through starvation since the war besa
tempts to mollify the complainant failed | never read Pope or even heard of him aeeiee that he hath wings |} have been milllons, where the Bele
utterly, and he wrote finally with such) pamn with faint praise, assent with civil ALBANY, January 25, T. C. Lawturr, have lost thousands. R. G. Rorerr
ferocity that the General dictated this re- jeer, New York, January 27.
eponse’ = : . . P And without sneering pretend to sneer, cian | Pe
mit a eee ae Pe ens ai Ihut in general nowadays the tendency The Old Time Printer at Chapel, | The Towan Gets Fewer But Richer
porter, shot the conductor, burned the cars | {8 to knock good and hard, Ino the From the Tovonto Republican | To Titre Epiror or THe SuN—-sir: ‘
and discontinued the line [ trust that | subway, in the vheatre, in the restaurant, We (ake this opportunity to deny the! is not quite dead yet. The popu
this will be entirely «atisfactory to you.” wherever my poor ears are obliged to] rumor floating around town to the effect | left in the State after the 7,000 \
Mantua’ Weaadiin GF tha Kena, | play the part of eaves dropper, 1 am oe et be Eokee biel Raging Be | out can divide $1,619,000,000, the vue
Noah complained conscious of it, Sometimes it amuses] va, merely Muskogee Rod worshipping | Of Jowa's products in 4 yea .
“This freedom of tho seas gets to be} me, but more often it makes me sad, God according to the dictates of his own| them and have that much mor
something of a bore,” he orled, New Yorn, January 27, OREILLE. conscience, New York, January 25 !

aS