a

'
| brary was dispersed.

containa more than

AUSTIN'S ANTIQUE
ARMS TO BE SOLD

Notable Collection Gathered
by Late Philadelphian Has
Nearly 400 Specimens.

the most representative presentation of |
the work of the versatile English artist
‘and caricaturist that his ever been made.

John B. Gough was a temperance
lecturer, and as George Cruikshank was
& temperace advocate, tney naturally |
Were drawn together, Gough was a fre- |

 

 

 

shank and a large number of the plates
were presented directly to Mr. Gough |
by the artist. The collection includes |
more than 200 original drawings, many |
of which are of high importance, being |
those executed for famous books
cluding Dickens's “Oliver
“Sketches by Boz” and others.
Another item of the highest importance
ilhustrated by George Crulkshank 1s
William Combe's “Life of Napoleon,” 1815,
first edition, with sixteen of the original
drawings by Cruikshank inserted, The
library includes what is generally con-
sidered to be the finest known copy
of the first edition of “German Pooula:
Stories,” by the Brothere Grimm. il-
justrated by George Cruikshank, 1823-
26, being in the original boards, uncut.
This, like the “Pickwick,” comes from

 

AUCTION ALSO OF CURIOS

 

Collector's Library Containing
First Editions of English
Authors Is Included.

 

An art sale of unusual character and
interest has just been announced by the
American Art Association. It is the ex-
.ensive and important collection of an-
tique arms and weapons, Oriental and
other curios, collected by the late Sam-
uel H. Austin of Philadelphia.

The sale has been ordered by the
Girard Trust Company, Mra Louise Buy-
dam Austin and Mrs. Emfliie Austin
Jones, being executor and executrices.

The collection of arms and weapons
which the late Mr. Austin was .many
years in forming is probably the most
important of the kind ever offered for
public sale in this country, the majority

noon

and is the copy from which the colla- |
tion in the Captain's bibliography of the
urtist was made.

parte,” illustrated by Cruikehank, in ad- | stage,
dition to being the first issue of mi}

by the insertion of 100 rare plates }
large number of other books illustrated | major
by George Cruikshank are meluded.

‘“he collection of books fllustrated by:
Thomas Rowlandson is extensive and im: |
portant and includes one of the finest
known copies of William Combe’s “The
English Dance of Death, 1814-1516, be- |

 

 

The collection
4,200 different
pieces and ts génerally considered to be

 

ins) ares
Twist,” |GIVES LONG PROGRAMME

Symphony Society in Third
Concert—“Madama_ Butter-
fly" at Metropolitan.

 

Josef Hofmann gave yesterday after-
in Carnegie Hall what
the Capt. R. J. H. Douglas collection | nounced as his only New York piano-
forte recital of the present season. The
| audience filled the auditorium and a
Ireland's “Life of Napoleon RBona-| large number of seats placed on

the volumes, is finely extra ijiustrated The programme began with a group

A | comprising the prelude and fugue In
of Bach-d'Albert,
| Brahms gavotte, and by Schumann the

intermezzo in B minor from the “Dav- {!8t-
idsbuendler,”

 

the

 

‘ ” .

THE

 

  
  

cores.

 

1
!
|

| Subscribers,

‘of the work this season.
was very

parts,

 

| Botta was the Pinkerton.
conducted.

first time here.
Radames and Mme.
Amuneria. Mr. Papi

war an-'

the

i

Reth Deyo.

Dp Pablo Casals, violoncellist,,and Susan | (ride, who gave his daughter in mar- |
Metvalfe-Casals gave a joint

NEW “AIDA” HEARD.

Mme. Masio in Part for Firat Time | jorent sympathy an

at Metropolitan.
| “Madama Butterfly” was given at the
| Metropolitan Opera House yesterday for
|the benefit of the Saturday afternoon
It was the second hearing

wale ®

SUN, SUNDAY, JANUARY 28,

 

: Seep
the maéter’s sonata. After the close |

‘HBARD IN
LAST CONCERT HERE

quent visi es ts De Gra. | Hare Audience Greets Pianist
‘on Final Appearance for
This Season.

the programme Mr. Hofmann generously
played «a number of, compositions as en-

 

The audience

large. The singers in
cast had all been hearg before in their
Mme. Farrar as Cio-Cio-San was
in a very good vocal condition, and she
sang her music uncommonly well.

the

Mr. |

Mr. Polacco |

CASALS IN CONCERT. |

containing the C sharp minor prelude| at the outset thag the compositions in |

In the evening “Aida” was the week's |
popular price performance, |
Mme. Muzilo in the title role for the| Former st,
Mr. Martinelli was the
Matzenauer
conducted.

audience was as large as the house could
hold and very enthusiastic.

and with

the |
The |

‘

concert |

cated to

1917.

 

 

in the latter composition being played

respectively by Mersrs.
LAfechey.
The Vogrich ‘concerto, which is dedi- | nue, Brooklyn,

Mr. Elman and hae as title
“E pur si muove,"’ was first performed
by the violinst In 1913 at Berlin. He
delivered its nvusic last night with ap-
d beauty and rich-
ness of tone. His delivery of the work
was warmly appauled, .

Kalinnikow's symphony is ‘infrequently
played. It was heard here at one of the
society's conceris last season, It is a
Well written and tuneful work with
themes of folk song character and much !
color in instrumentation, It was ad-| blue tulle and
mirably played by the orchestra and | TO8@S.
evidently much liked.

WEDDINGS.

 

silver

 

 

ceremony at 4 o'clock and half an nour }

Roentgen and | later a reception was held in the home
| of the bride's mother, 506 Clinton ave-

‘The bride, who wore » gown of white
eatin embroidered in pearis and trimmed
wtih point lace, was given in marriage
by her brother, Hamilton Torrey.
was attended by a maid of honor, Mies
Blanche Louise Gillies of Flushing; a
flower girl, Miss Katharine Torréy, and
six bridesmaids, the Misses Agnes Bige-
low, Jessie Hopkine, Marietto Hopkins,
Janet Bowers, Dorothy Street, and Jean-
nette T. Ross, the last named of Clinton,
N. ¥. They wore gowns of cornflower
lace and carried

The best man was Vernon K. Melhade
of Manhattan, and the ushers were Len-
nox Ransom, William Schauffler, R. Ar-
thur Cox of Manhattan, Lee Bristol, Har-

vey L, Street, Rowland Jones of Brook-

WILFLEY—ZABRISKIE.

Widow at Greenwich, Conn.

GREFN won, Conn., Jan, 27.—Mres. Belle |
Loader Zabriskie, widow of Alonzo M. Za- |
briskie of Greenwich, was married to,
Judge W. R. Wilfley at Christ Episcopal |
Church here this morning at 11 o'cMck. |

The Rev. M. George Thompson, rector | Of Miss Frances Johnston
ee ‘of the church, officiated. There were ro | ter of the late James Montford Ward of
the | Cellist and Singer, Are Assisted by |

*

ENGAGEMENTS ANNOUNCED.

The ‘engagement has been announced
Ward, daugh-

lyn, Hulbert Bassett of Summit, N. J.
and Claus Vogel of Tuxedo Park.
Mr. and Mrs. Hance will tour the South

Lovis Judge Weds | and make their home at Ridgewoood,
IN. J.

t ' : ow ing | this city, to the Rey. Malbone H. Birck-
attendants, the only witnesses being liam H. Birekhead

John W. Loader, formerly of St. Louis, | head, son of Mrs. Wi

but now of Greenwich, father of the | of Newport, R. I.

riage; Mr

fast was served in the home recently

on April 17 in this city.

Mrs, J. I. Moutray of 400 West 118th
and Mrs. M, L, Zabriskie of | street has announced the engagement of

Gluck- | yesterday afternoon in Aeolian Hall.) Aurora, N. Y., father-in-law and mother-!her daughter, Miss Madeleine Moutray,

| They were assisted by Ruth Deyo, pian- | in-law of the bride; Lansing Zabriskie,| to J, Henry Bohn. Miss Moutray was

The programme was an elaborate! the twelve-year-old son of the bride, and | graduated from Barnard College and

“Symphonic ; ene. but it was well planned so as to, Miss Nora N. Stanley of Greenwich. Mr. Bohn is a graduate of De Pauw

Etudes.” Then followed a Chopin group | furnish unusual interest, It may be sald) = After the ceremony a wedding break- | University. The wedding will take place

|
|

'

|

'
{
|

No. 25, the nocturne in E flat, opus 65,1 the list were all performed with excel- | purchased by Mrs. Zabriskie. Additional! ‘The engagement of Mrs. George
< the Tiraoh the tauas of etaae tn ies is'e sea nae a ween | No, 2, the valse in flat, opus 64, No. { lence throughout. | | guests other than those .who were at) Clymer Brooke and Trenchard Emlen/}
a whee . oo to tare Fare Classe | inenen feuaseed wakes *. y aon | 3. and the B minor bBonata. The final Mme. _Metcalfe sang two groups of) the church were Mr. and Mrs. H. ©. | Newbold was announced in Philadelphia
Lo vaneal gun, Italian, 1860 lan 's “Cries of caaken.” tha OW=| group consisted two pieces by | songs by Chavsson, Faure, Dupare, Loef-| Bunn of Princeton, Mr. and Mrs, Harry | yesterday. Mrs. Brooke is the widow |
ie ‘nnhle cealections a "wneel Took | Of eight platen, inctuaing Tis"hly | BYCTAAS, Mast and Heb Ad TH Be aye teeing, Min Deny aes utero ut and Mw Wal GA” George sae roe, who” de

® We peter . pre: 4 oo a 8 - A » & es ter S. Brewster of Greenwich. abo o ye > alo
sporting rifle Ont nin = the ie Water ee ee and Buy | nor prelude, ‘Scriabine’s “L’Ocean Tran. | and Mr. Casals gave performances of! Judge and Mra, Wilfley siarted later painful finesse. Mita, rocks we ailes
famous seagelac and je co! eens Dus OF te toeert c. jquil and the ‘Venezta e Napoli” of | Casella's G minor sonata, first time here, | ij), an automobile for New York, en route Hyhoda Morris, daughter of Mr. and
a wheel lock arquebus, seventeenth cen- tthe By ao mportant of the books ! hisst. ;and Loeffier's “Poeme Eepagnol,” first) for Atlantic City, Washington and Cali- | Mys, Effingham B. Morris of Ardmore
tury, from the Magniac collection. Pi wed “in -piniae ce tyite facies Detailed comment upon the significant | time, and as the final number Mr. Casals, | fora, They will return to Greetwich |
4 .

Old German Sporting Rife.

A curious triple wheel lock pistol,
German, 1630, from the Zechille collet-
ttomy @ wheel lock sporting rifle, Ger-
man, Gated 1597, from the Zachille col-
lection; a triple wheel lock . dagger,
BMsabethan, 1600, from the Zechille and
Londesborough ane a La
arquebus wheel early seventeen
century, from the Baron de Cosson col-

contains four of the
executed for the work.

John Leech is represented by a series | cluded an
f twenty-four original drawings, twenty-
ti%ee of which were executed for Punch, |
and & series of books illustrated by him,
including a compete set of “Punch’s:
Pocket Book,” thirty-eight volumes, a set |
of sporting novels of Robert Smith Sur-!
tees, all first editions in the ori;

lection; a seventeenth century sUN, | numbers, and other works.
signed Lasarino Com » from the; Henry Alken, the great delineator of
Magmiac collection; a Bpanish sword,|the sports and pastimes of the English

seventeenth century, signed De Inan
Martinez Toledo, from the Baron de
Cesson coliection, and an Elizabethan
cup hilted rapier from the Magniac col-
lection are also included.

Besides these the collection contains
an Bilzabethan rapier, the blade in-
scribed Sebastian Hernandez, from the
Magniac collection; a* rapier, the hiit
chiseled by the Masters Frans and Paul
of Torgan in Saxony, from the Zschille
collection; a sword and wheel lock pistol
combined, Saxon, 1560, from the Zschille
collection; an Italian. rapier of the mid-
die of the sixteenth century, signed
Sebastian Hernandez of Toledo, and a
Venetian sword of the sixteenth century,
both of the last two specimens having
been acquired from the Baron de Cosson
collection; a double barreled wheel lock
pistol, 1550, from the Faulder collection ;
an Itallan main gauche. dagger, seven-
teenth century, exhibited for some time
in the Kensington Museum ; a Cinquedea,
Venetian, early sixteenth century, from
the Zschille collection; a pair of cannons
of the sixteenth century with their car-
riages, eimilar to those in the Musee
d'Artillerie, Paris, Musee de Cluny and
in the Wailace collection, London, dear-
ing an English inscription and the word
“Victory,” and said to have been pre-
sented to Queen Elisabeth. The Austin
collection numbers nearly four hundred
specimens, all of whieh are in excellent
condition.

The art objects and curios include
numerous specimens of carved ivory,
lacquers, metal work and ceramics from
the Orient, European cabinet objects and
curios personally selected by the fate
owner during his extensive travels.

Mr. Austin’s library will also be sold.
it is rich in first editions of English
authors of the nineteenth century, nota-
bly Charles Dickens; illuminated and
other manuscripts, autograph Ifetters of
celebrities and books with colored ani
other plates, including those illustrated
by Thomas Rowlandson, James Gillray,
the Cruikshanks—Isaac, Robert and
George—John Leech, Henry Alken, Rob-
ert Seymour, William Heath, Hablot
Knight Browne and others of note.

nineteenth century country life, is repre-
sented by many items, all having colored |
plates, including Apperly’s “Life of a
Sportsman,” first issue of the first edition, |
andthe same author's “Life of John Myt-
ton,” second edition, and the first to con-
tain the ¢ull number of plates; Surtees’s
“Jorrocks Jaunts and Jollities,”” second
edition, and the first with colored plates
*y Alken, and Pierce Egan's “Real Life
in London,” first edition, 1821-1822, in
the original parts.

The sale will be held during the month
of April, the date to be announced later.

K’ANG-HSI RUG, $1,700.

Yamanaka Sale Ends With Tot of
$115,825.

In the last session of the sale of the
Yamanaka collection of Oriental art by
the American Art Association the best
prices were obtained for the rugs and |
hangings, the furniture. some of which |
came from the impefial palace of Pekin,
going for comparatively modest sums. |
There was a numerous audience and bid-
ding was lively. |
© The highest figure reached in the |

|
|
{

there

 

LL

(
ternoon was $1,700 paid by Baliozia
Bros. for No. 325, a fine antique carpet
from the K’ang-hsi period. The field of
the rug was in a tone of soft apricot
brown, and the intricate borders and
medallions in the centre are carried out |
in dark browns and blue. !
Another rug of that period, No. 307, |
sold to Mr. Towne for $1,050, and Miss |
R. H. Lorenz, agent, gave $1,500 for No. |
314, a Ming rug in tan and blue. C. T.}
Loo paid $1,600 for No. 313, a Ch'ten- |
lung rug with a thick pile and a field of |
dull gold, and Otto Bernet. agent, bought !
No. 324, a K’ang-hsi carpet for $1,050. |
W. W. Seaman, agent, gave $1,500 for |
No. 326, a blue and white Ch-len-lung |
carpet; $1,050 for No. 300, a teakwood |
and tapestry screen, and $400 for No. |
267, a silk embroidery table cover. Mrs.
L. P. D. Lee gave $1,500 for No. 283, a
Chinese velvet hanging, and Mrs. Eddy |
paid $400 for No. 296, an imperial bro-
cade hanging. |
The total for the session was $33,440, |
making a grand total of $115,825. j
|

Dickens's “Pickwick Papers.”

The collection includes what is gen-
erally considered to be the finest known
copy of the first edition of Charles
Dickens's “Pickwick Papers,” being in
the original numbers as issued, All the
parts are of the earliest issue, and it
possesses all the “points” that appeal to
the collector. It is the famous Capt. R.
J. H. Douglas copy, sold at auction in
London in 1914, and is accompanied by
4 letter regarding it written by John C.
Eekel, the author of the Dickens bibli-
ography.

Practically all the important first edl-
tions of Dickens are included, mainly
being in the original numbers, or cloth,
among which are “Sketches by Boz,”
1836-1837, both series; “Oliver Twist,”
Nicholas Nickleby,” “Master Hum-
phrey's Clock” (containing seven of the
original drawings by “Phiz’), “Great
Expectations,” “A Tale of Two Cities”
and “The Strange Gentleman.”

The collection of the writings of Will-
am M. Thackeray is of great interest. It
‘includes one of the finest copies of the
first edition of “Vanity Fair,” being in
'he original numbers, and in addition
here are two of the original drawings
executed for the work by the author.

The original autograph manuscript of
in unpublished play by Thackeray is
‘!89 included, consisting of thirteen
pages, and is founded on the story of
Mary Ancel, thought to have been writ-
‘en about 1840. Other valuable auto-
sraphic materlal by the great novelist is
in the lst,

One of the most important of the il-
lustrated books is. the famous J. B.
‘iough-M, C. D, Borden collection of
‘ustrations and original drawinge by
George Cruikshank, which sold for
$5,000 when the M. C. D. Borden H-

NOTES OF THE SOCIAL WORLD. |

A sale in ald of the Home for Desti-
tute Blind of this city will be held on
Thursday from 10 to 6 at 784 Fifth ave- ;
nue. The sale has been hurriedly ar-
ranged owing to the great need of money ,
to carry on the work among these dest!-
tute people. There will be sold useful!
articles made by the inmates of the
home, including socks and scarfs suita- |
ble for soldiers. Among those interested
are Mrs. John E. Alexandre, Mrs. Will-
jam A. Anderton, Miss Mary de Peyste:
Carey, Mrs. M. Dwight Collier, Mrs. |
Henry A. Coster, Mrs. F. Grand d'Haute- ,
ville, Mrs. Newbold Morris, Mrs. Ira! |
Davenport, Mrs. Lyman Rhoades, Mrs. ,
Alexander S. Webb, Mrs. Russell Pea- ,
body, Mrs. Frank de R. Wissmann and
Miss Jennie Tiffany.

The last the Metropolitan dances
will be held at Sherry's on April 9.

Mrs. Victor T. Loring of Boston is
visiting Mrs. Charies Gilmore Kerley at
70 West Fifty-fifth street.

A fancy dress ball will be given by
the officers of the United States Nava!
Academy at Annapolis on February 16. |

A sale for the benefit of the Masters
School Day Nursery and Dobbs House |
will be held at the Plaza on next Satur-
day afternoon. There will be shown a
motion picture called “The Lure of
Alaska.” The tea room will be in charge |
of Mrs. A. Gordon Murray and tickets |
may be obtained of Mrs, E. Hunt Her- |
zog, 519 Madison avenue.

The Daughters of the Cincinnati will
hold a reception in the ballroom of the
Gotham to-morrow afternoon.

 

       
       
         
     
      
           
 
        
     
   
    

  

   
 
  

   

NNOUNCE that Mr. A. Cowan,

who, for ten years was head fitter
with ‘‘Hickson’’—and recently head
of the firm of “‘Cowan,”’ of 634 Fifth
Avenue—is now associated with
“Gidding” in their Tailoring and
Dressmaking Departments, where he
will be pleased to serve his many
patrons in the designing and making of
Traveling Suits— Southern Ward-
robes and Smart Styles for the North.

   
   
  
  

   
  

Perse:

  
 
 
 

  
 
  
    
  
  
   
      
   
 
       
     

- eee

  
 

    
   
  
 

and interpretative eloquence.
| composition
‘brilliant display in technical virtuosity.

During the programme one encore was, phony in G minor, and Strauss’s "Don | wood, N. J., sesterday afternoon in St.
given, a Chopin selection, that followed | Quixote,” the eclio and valoa obbligatos |

served

and

style

IMPORTERS

 

 

 

his readirigs
In thle delivery |
™s fur-!

rare | Saturday
Carnegie

a|cioso’ of Saint-Saens.

for

 

“Tue Paris Snop of America”

or the » North:

or yor

JSouthernTravel
&: m bracing New

JImportations in addition

lo those previously shown

nnounce beginning Mond

Special Displays

S New Modes

features of Mr. Hofmann’s performance | With Jean Verd at the piano, played a
1830. This also is the first edition and. would but necessarily repeat assertions |Thapeedie by Moor,
original drawings | frequently made in this place, asser-
{tions which in their analysis have ing) Warmly vreceived.
enumeration ef all the impor
tant exsentials in the interpretations of a
master pianist.
| Yesterday his artistic powers in per-
formance were again disclosed on a plane
of supreme height.
! were followed with profund interest on
ginal) the part of his Msteners.
| of the prelude and fugue a superb show-
‘ing in dynamics ana
| nished; in the “Symphonic Etudes,” i y
poetic feeling and exquisite nuance, and | Prices in
in the sonata, another chief number,; Mischa Elman was the solo performer. j.
were marvellous beauty of tone! He played Vogrich’s concerto for Violin |
The Liszt; With orchestra and the “Hondo*Capric-
the planist

first time here.

Each number in the list was very
Mme, Metcalfe, fol-

lowing her last group of songs, added |

another Iyric, one by Faure,
‘

ELMAN IS SOLOIST.

ie =
| Violinist Feature of Symphony |
Socilety"s Concert.

The Symphony Society gave its third;
evening concert
Mall

numbers were Kalinnikow's firat

 

       
     
     
     

S

TOWN AND GOUNTRY SUITS

MOTOR AND SPORT GOATS
STREET AND GOUNTRYGLUB FROGCKS
DAY AND EVENING GOWNS

OUTING SKIRTS : SWEATERS

AND EXGLUSIVE NOVELTIES

 

—miroducing the new

J owlingLin silhouette

IN SUITS—COATS and DRESSES

Umart Paletol Frocks
and
New ParisNliin ery

|
Custom Wade ~ or for

“| Inmeoiale Selection

 

 

|

}

at reduced,
yesterday. |

sym- |

|
|

   
   

 
  
  
  
   

; but is now a practising lawyer in New |

about April 1
Judge Wilfley for twenty-four years
was a member of the bar in St. Louia.

Company o;

York. For five years he was Attorney-
General of the Philipines under Gov-

: ; : Church, Philadelphia,
States Court for China during the Ad-! M
ministration of President Roosevelt ein re,

ssi dilcbicd sated Commonwealth avenue,

ter,

HANCE—TORREY.

Brookiyn Charch Wedding Fol- | and of

lowed by Reception.

'Cate 6f Brookline.
granddaughter of the late Edward E.
Poor, who was president of the National

Miss Jeannette Stone Torrey, daugh- |

February 15.

Boston,

and a sister of Mrs. Stacy B. Lloyd and
of Effingham B. Morris, Jr.
is the president of the Girard. Trust
Philadéiphia. Mrs. Brooke
has a daughter, Rhoda Morris Brooke.
| Mr. Newbold is the son of Mr. and Mrs.

| William Henry Newbold.
) ornor-General Taft. He was also for two | 4 P

‘years and a half Judge of the United

Mr. Morris

The marriage
will take place in St. Mark's Episcopal

William Clark Thomas of 310
Mass.,
announces the engagement of her daugh-
Miss Helen Thomas,
Thurston Cate, son of Martin L. Cate
the late M.

and Philip

Gertrude (Curtis)

Miss Thomas ts

a

ter of Mrs. William Stone Torrey, was | Park Bank of New York. Migs Thomas's

Irwin H. Hance of New York and Lake- | Poor.

luuke's Church, Brooklyn. The Rev. Dr.

The orchestral | married to Irvin Howell Hance, son of| mother was formerly Miss Hélen F.
Mr. Cate, who was of the Har-
vard class of 1915, passed last winter
driving an ambulance with the Ameri-
| Henry Swentze! performed the marriage | can Ambulance Field Service in Alsace.

 

 

Franklin Simon & Co.

Fifth Avenue, 37th and 38th Sts.

Final Clearance Sale

 

MONDAY

Women’s Fur Coats

Highest Class Models and Pelts

5 Hudson Seal Coats (dyed muskrat)
40 inches long; Skunk collar,

Seal cuffs. Heretofore $125.00
_9 Hudson Seal Coats (dyed muskrat)

45, 42 and 40 inch models,
Heretofore $175.00

Skunk trimmed.
9 Hudson Seal Coats (dyed muskrat)
45 inches long; of all Seal or Skunk trimmed.

Heretofore $245.00
14 Hudson Seal Coats (dyed muskrat)

Desirable models, real Skunk trimmed.

Heretofore $285.00

10 Hudson Seal Coats (dyed muskrat)

Kolinsky, Skunk, Taupe Fox,
Ermine or Mole trimmed. Heretofore $325.00

1 Persian Lamb Coat
One semi-fitted mode] ; collar
of Hudson Bay Sable (dyed).

1 Mink Coat

One 45-inch length Coat of handsome
dark Eastern Mink Skins. — Heretofore $1,150.00

2 Moire Caracul Coats
New semi-fitted belted models;
Taupe Fox or Skunk trimmed. Heretofore $325.00

1 Moire Caracul Coat
45 inches long; collar and cuffs
of black Lynx. Heretofore $375.00

1 Moire Caracul Coat
New semi-fitted belted model; collar and cuffs of
Hudson Bay Sable (dyed). Heretofore $495.00

Heretofore $495.00

1 Moire Caracul Coat
New semi-fitted belted model; collar
and cuffs of Hudson Bay Sable. Heretofore $595.00

2 Hair-Seal Coats
45 inches long; highest grade, well marked skins;
collar, cuffs and pockets of Hudson Seal.
Heretofore $185.00

2 Natural Muskrat Coats
48 inches long, of well selected high grade skins;
collar and cuffs of Hudson Seal.

Heretofore $110.00
1 Tiger-Kitten Coat

60 inches long: well matched pelts;
large collar of Sable Muskrat. Heretofore $225.00
1 Leopard Skin Coat

40 inches long; well matched pelts;
collar and cuffs of Skunk. Heretofore $225.00

1 Australian-Opossum Coat
46 inches long; of selected pelts.

Heretofore $225.00

1 Natural Gray Squirrel Coat
45 inches long; collar, cuffs and
border of real Skunk. Heretofore $375.00

1 Scotch Mole Coat
45 inches long; collar of Taupe Fox.

Heretofore $475.00
1 White Caracul Coat

50 inches long: collar, cuffs and
deep border of Taupe Fox. Heretofore $395.00

85.00
135.00
185.00
225.00
265.00
305.00
850.00
265.00
295.00
375.00
450.00

125.00

75.00
145.00
145.00
145.00
285.00
375.00
185.00

      
       
   
   
         
      
     

 

 

    
     
   
     
   
   
   
     
      
       
     
   
       
       
     
           
   
       
   
       
       
       
     

“UNRESTRICTED PUBLIC SALES OF
EXTRAORNINGRY IMPORTANCE.” ;

The American Art Galleries

Madison Square South, New York
ON VIEW BEGINNING TUESDAY OF THIS WEEK

   

To Be Seld at Unrestricted P= blic Sale on the
EVENINGS OF FEBRUARY 5TH, 6TH & 7TH

The Notable Collection of
Views of New York

and Other American Cities
Historical China and Books Relating to the History of New York
; Formed by

MR. PERCY R. PYNE, 2°"

THE MOST COMPLETE, IMPORTANT AND VALUABLE
COLLECTION THAT HAS EVER BEEN OFFERED FOR SALE.

**+& de luxe catalogue compiled from descriptions of Mr. Robert Fridenberg
the recognized authority, and illustrated by flue color-plaies and halftone repro-
duetions, limited to 500 copies, will be furnished tu applicants at two dollars

‘

ALSO ON VIEW BEGINNING TUESDAY OF THIS WEEK,

The Very Extensive and
Widely Known Collection o{

Cloisonne and Other Enamels
Formed by

DR. ALFRED OWRE

Of Minneapolis

This Cellection, numbering nearly Twelve Hundred specimens,

pre the | t mumber ever brought together, t
the evolution of Oriental enameling freen the sariieat anuee week

of the Ming Period to the Exquisite modern work of the famous
Namikawas.

In addition to the Enamels will be sold
DR. OWRE’S INTERESTING COLLECTION
Of Old Japanese Bronzes, Lacquers, Netsukes, Sword Guards,
‘ Knife Handles, Swords and Japanese Brocades.
At Unrestricted Public Sale on the Afternoons of
February 5th, 6th, 7th and 8th, at 2:30 o’Clock

posers tive catalogue, written by Mr. Garrett Chatfleld Pier and illustrat
8 sbubierous halftone reproductions, will be mailed to applicants on receins

To Be Sold Tomorrow (Monday) Evening at 8:15.
‘Concluding Tuesday and Wednesday Evenings

The Jones, Everit and Reid
Etchings, Engravings and Mezzotints

The sales will be conducted by MR. THOMAS E. KIRBY
: and his assistant, Mr. Otto Bernet, of

AMERICAN ART ASSOCIATION, Managers /

Madison Sq. South, Entrance 6 F. 23d Street, New York. RG

 
 
 

NOTWITHSTANDING the
tremendous advance in Raw
Furs, as Announced in the
News Columns, We are Con-
| tinuing Our

Annual

JANUARY SALE

Qur Regular Stock of
Manufactured Furs at Reductions
of 25% to 3318%

! The Advantages of Purchasing
aie Now are Obvious.

| CFitrriers
384 Fifth Avenue

Between

 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

+
¥
4
i
+
i
{

8dth and 36th Sts.

 

YOU CAN SAVE MONEY ON TIRES

{f you read the
INSIDE STORY OF THOSE TIRES YOU SHOULD AVOID. 4

The sifbkie Sun H

has investigated the business in the interests of car i
ownets and will mail you, free of charge, a booklet
covering the subject.

  
        
 

Be

 

 

a

ee

  
   
  
 

  
 
   

Send your name and address and the name of the li
car you drive to Automobile Department, The Sun, 160 He
Nassau Street, New York City. 1a