a ee
yOL. LYXL—NO. 3. J

PARKS JURYMEN SAK OUT, |

0 OF THEM
wUELT.

VEVER IN DOU BT,
s4), OF HI

and Couldn't Be
t a Brother Mason
Other Masons

ir View of the Stay.

One Juror Was a Ma
Neve for a While
Could Do such
on the Jury

If there are anyfmadder men in town
than at least ten me of the twelve jurymen
in the Parks case, would be hard to find
them Theae menfvent into the case with-
out any definitely; ormed opinion of Parks,
aa Parks’s couns@ Who were nothing if not
suspicious, were perfectly satisfied. The
action of Justic Sewell in granting a cer-
tifteate of reas#iable doubt to Parks, a@d
thereby lettinghim out of Sing Sing Prison
on $10,000 balp is taken by the jury as a
direct reflectyn on its good sense and in-
tegrity /

There haw been meetings between sev-
eral of the farymen since Parks got out, at
which the atter has been discussed. Yes-
terday a AUN reporter met two of them.
He had been told by an obliging friend that
“two of fhe Parks jury are down in my
place asd what they are saying would
make mighty interesting reading, Better
come over.”

The reporter found the two jurymen
For obvious reasons they didn’t want their
names printed; but they were full of wrat h.
There was no question about that. They
had joined each other to go on a hunt to
findout if it was true that one of the Eustace
brothers of Parke’s counsel had referred
to them before Justice Sewell as * jurymen
not tnrelligent enough to give proper con-

sideration to the trial.” They hadn't been
able to verify this, but they were none the
Jess wrathful

“Perhaps,” said one of them, “Eustace
didn't say that. If it had been Robinson
who was accused of saying that about us, I
wouldn't have been surprised. One of
my friends was telling me this afternoon
that he knew Robinson when Robinson
and Justice Sewell were up Stare, and that
in thoee days Robinson was a great man
to make sweeping statements.

“Now, before the Parks
there was every chance.for Parks in the
world. By the time the case was ready
for the jury Ididn’t want toleave the roorn,

trial began

turned to the man next me in the box and
said

* ‘Think we’ll have to argue this much?’

“ ‘Not for me,’ said he, ‘I'm ready now!’

“There was a murmur right up and down
the jury box the same way. When we
got into the jury room one fellow the |
juryman named the man he referred to}
shouts out: ‘What's the use of a ballot?

|
There’a only one decision on this case! |
{

But we went ahead with the ballot. It

one ‘Not Guilty.’

“We got hold of the one who wae undecided
first. esaid he wasn’t clear as to whether
was comunitted in New York or New Jer-
sey, That was all that was troublivg him,
He had his about the juriediction
of the court. Ten of us reasoned with him
for a minute and cleared him of his de-
sire to supersede the judicial functions |
ef the Court, and he voted Guilty.’ \

*Then we got after the other fellow |
{naming him].
heard more than half the Recorder's charge.
As a matter he had been

of fact,

asleep one-third of the time during the |

trial, and we all knew it. We told him so,
and told him that the Recorder had ruled
on the points he was standing out on

“‘T didn't hear him,’ says he.

“You were alseep,’ we said to him

‘'Mebbe ao,’ says he, ‘but, nevertheless,
| cidn't hear Judge Gott say that!’

He finally took the word of the eleven |
~ But he said he wanted to see the |

He said we'd better send out
Then one of us got up

Pel enee
toy the evidenes

id maid:

“Noe, by heaven! That cage was too
clear fer us to insult our own intelligence
rena the Court by esking to look at the
evidence, TL give notice that [ aim prepared
it here for a month to settle this case
as it stands. There isn't going to be any
hung jury business here, and we aren't
going to admit that we were all asleep,
even if one of us was!

“Then there came up the business about

the Masons. Here, you tell about that,”
sud the first juryman, turning to the
spcond

“Well,” began the second wrathful one,
you know that Parks had a Masonic em-
biem very prominently displayed on his
I'in a Mason, and I noticed it. It

eoat

turned out that every Mason on the jury |

and there were ten of us in all—noticed it
lhe way we happened to find out how
many of us were Masons was this

*This one man who hung out for *Not
guilty, said, after awhile: ‘LT have par-
tieular reason, gentlemen, for believing
that this man Parks is truthful and worthy
of belief.’

| Gor

}

I didn't want to get out of my chair. 1 |
| of promise of marriage.
|
,$he crime with which Parks was char, |

We found that he hadn't
'

| was compelled to leave

| carriage which was waiting for her.

quent
, quer

} and
|
was once willing to settle for $500, but her

 

“That started several of us® to thinking. |
Then one man asks this fellow: ‘Are you a
Mason?’ He says that he is and ak much
as admits that this is his ground for he-
lieving that Parks eouldn’t tell a lie under
cath The fellow who had asked the
mestion rises right up in bis chair then
and says

Now, here! I'm a Mason and just 4s
good u one as you are. But if we had a
man in our lodge shown to be what this
man Parks has been proved to us to be,
we'd kick him into the street. If Masonry
ineans the protection of scoundrels like
Parks, then Masonry is a damned fraud,
!f you are any kind of a Mason you are
for throwing such creatures out, Are
‘hers any more Masons here?’

‘Fight of us spoke up, and every one
iit that the first man was right and that
f Parke were guilty Masonry ought to be
fA menace to him and not a protection
That settled it. The twelfth man gueswed
‘© were right and then he voted that we
sere riyht and we went out into the court- |
Oor,

“And
wy man
“aS Wh

now,” eontinued the indignant
‘a Justioe of the Supreme Court
don’t know an attempt against
property when we see it! I’m sore J |
don't deny it. Good Lord! Friend of
mine conws up to me on the street to-day
and says

“'T hear you and the rest of that jury
have been ordered by the Court to get
horsee and ride in line behind Sam Parks

 

the Labor Day parade, Now, wouldn't
mai get sore? Why wouldn't he?
(ye met a man

from that juryman’s
Ode since then and J asked him Pht whial
“oll of a Mason juror 60 and s6o was. He
‘old ne that he was the sort of a Mason whe
Youldo | buy his clothes or his groceries
rlus milk or consult a lawyer unless there
Was A Mysonie relationship in the Luriness.
ho perhaps Nis first attitude was only
ature)”

I, reference to this Juryian's statement
about how the ten Masons oo the jury re

sed to keep Masonry out of the Parke
rane it was recalled yesterday that on the
day of the Parke trial a lawyer from 4
Prontnent fio appeared inthe corridors
the Criminal Courts building and maid
that he lad been sent to look out for Parks's
Wteresta by the Maesonie lodge to whieh
Parks Lelonged. The lawyer maid (hat
‘ W Depew belonged to (he wane lodye

81046 for Iwo Maye ae ain }

heiheylivanla allroad

Atlanth

Special Facureton Satur

Tiewele |

4) deplember 6, Meds Labor Dea

“od gOlug On Septow og Peg eturn within
‘vinast debe. Aaommedaiione ; ot tiotel Hudoif.
Coneuit leket agents “a

Che

$360,000 IN SECURITIES GONE,

Baltimore Sectety Man Whe janaged
Mis Father's Estate Also Missing.

BaLcimorg, Sept. 2. William T. Tucker,
or Willy Tucker, as he is known familiarly
in society, is missing. It has also been
discovered that $560,000 of his father's
estate has disappeared. Tucker, it is said,
is now in Central America.

With his mother, W. T. Tucker was
trustee of the estate of his father, the late
Weasley A. Tucker. His mother was abroad
with one of her daughters when other
members of the family made discoveries
which resulted in a hasty cable message to
Mrs. Tucker to return. The arrival of
Mrs. Tucker in Baltimore was followed
by an investigation of the contents of the
safe depowit box in which the securities
of W. A. Tucker's estate and also securities
belonging to Mrs. Tucker were kept. Then
the revelation came that there was a de-
falcation amounting to $560,000, and that,
of all the property given over to the care
of William TT. Tucker, there was only
$93,000 left.

It appears that Mrs. Tucker had absolute
faith in her son and refused to credit stories
that reflected upon his conduct. She was
deaf as well to suggestions that the estate
be taken out of his hands. Her confidence
in him was shown Ly the fact that he was
authorized to open the safe deposit box
alone, which is an exceptional privilege.
When Mrs. Tucker desired to open the box
on Monday she did not have a key and it
was necessary to break the door off

W. T. Tucker is said to have been specu-
lating heavily in atocks and wasa high roller
generally. He had been connected with
the former boot and shoe firm of Tucker,
Smith & Co., of which firm his father was
a member, He is a member of the Mary-
land, the Baltimore and the Elk Ridge Fox
Hunting Club. He made his home at
809 St. Paul street. ‘There is a suit now
pending against Tucker, brought by Mins
Sarah G. Morris of this city, who says she
loaned Tucker $2,400. The absconder is
about 35 years old. His family have not
yet indicated whether they will institute
legal proceedings to secure his extradition.

 

 

 

$7,500 FROM C. W. DOLAN.

ie
Girl Wanted $280,000 From Rich Phila-
delphian for Breach of Promise.

In the course of an arguinent on an
application made yesterday to Justice
Blanchard in the Supreme Court to commit
a lawyer, D. C. Hensen, for contempt of
court, it came out that about a year ago
Clarence W. Dolan, a son of Thotnas Dolan,
a rich Philadelphian and a member of
the syndicate which controls the street
car lines of that city, was sued by a young
woman named Josephine Martin for breach
The action against
young Dolan was to recover $250,000, but

' the cage has been settled by (he payment

: ’ ‘ reer, | of $7,500.
stood ten for ‘Guilty,’ one ‘Undecided’ and ; Eee

David Hirsehfield, on behalf of Miss
Martin, asked Justice Blanchard to ad-
judge Mr. Hensen, her former counsel,
guilty of contempt, on the ground that
he had failed to pay to her $568.

Mr. Hirschfield told Justice Blanchard
that when Hensen consented to take up
Miss Martin’s case it was agreed that he
should have 50 per cent. of the recovery.
When the $7,500 which was paid in settle-
ment of the claim was received by Hensen,
the money, according to Mr. Hirschfield,
was divided into two piles in Hensen's
office.

“Mr. Hensen took his pile of $3,750,”

| Mr. Hirschfield explained, “but when Miss
Martin sought to put the pile into her purse

she could not stuff all the bills into it and
750 on the table.
Mr. Hensen suggested that he would take
charge of the money until she got into the
She
consented to this, but Hensen never gave
themoneytoher. Subsequently on demand
he paid her $182 on account.’

Aaron P. Jetmore, counsel for Mr. Hen-
sen, said that while in the first place there
was an understanding between his client
and Miss Martin that they should share
on a 50 per cent. basis, there was a subse-
agreement by whieh the woman
consented to take 40 per cent. because she
insisted upon bringing other lawyers into
the case,

*This woman got more than 40 per cent.,
said Mr. Jetmore, “as she was allowed to
take awuy $3,000, practically 50 per cent.,
less costs. This wornan at that time exe-
cuted u full receipt before a notary public
herself as satisfied. She

expressed

lawyers advised her not to do so, and they
did good work for her.”
Justice Blanchard reserves decision

MINERS ORDERED BACK,

 

The Missourt Strikers Told to Return to
Work by the Natlonal Officers,

INDIANAPOLIS, Sepi. 2--An order was
issued from the headg iarters of the United
Mine Workers here to-day to the unions
in the Missouri district to return to work at
onoe or leave the mine workers’. organiza-
tion An agreement was recently entered
into with the operators to keep the mines
going, the miners to be paid on the scale
to be adopted at a meeting of the operators
and miners at Kansas City next week

The officers of the mine workers made
the agreement, and the miners in the Mis-
souri district refused to abide by it and
yesterday quit work, The miners say
that the officers of the organization were
not authorized to act for them, but secre-
tary Wilson has issued the official order
and says it must be obeyed

WURDER IN A HOSPITAL,

Kills His Business Partner and
Then Commits sulelde.
ZaLiiMORE, Md., Sept. 2A. 'T. Cave
anaugh, a young contractor from Rock-
ville, Md, who was being treated at Bt
Agnes Hospital here for malaria, shot and

Patient

killed bis partner, M Ko Gainey, to-day
and then killed himself Mr Guiney had
gone Wo Cavanaugh'’s room to have @
talk with hin when the (Wo slots were
heard. ‘The door had been locked and
when broken open ©! vanaugh was lying

across (he bed and Gulney on the floor
The presumption je that Cavanaugh

was demented The fit got a $150,008

Governiient contraet fowday

jong Vielp ul on Pogue alr

Mure Jdu M Hammond of this city elarted
last night for Bydney, New Mouth Walew,
where wtie ba to be midad ried to Henry Tlewel
lyn donee of Philadelphia, the View Conwul
at that port. Mr, Jones io alan (he repre
wentative for Australia of the United States
steel Corporation

 

Muskoke Lakes, vie Lehigh Valley

wave New York 640 and 7166 V M atrive Mus
boa
Ade

hart, 226 &2:40V M, Tote Abo & )2b4 war,

| EXPLOSIONS ON SHIP KILL 29

 

 

 

 

 

 

OUTRAGE 18 CHARGED TO THE
MACEDONIAN INSURGENTS.

Mellel That Explosions Were Timed to
Oconr in Constantinople Harber—The
Vaskapu, Late in Leaving Varna, Is
Set Affre at Sea—daptain a Victim.

Spectal Cable Deaspotches (to THE SUN.

CONSTANTINOPLE, Sept, 2.--The Aus-
trian steamship Vaskapu, while on her
way from Varna to Bourgas and Constan-
tinople, was damaged and set afire by
three explosions, apparently on her deck.

The captain, the officers, six of the crew
and several passengers, making a total
of twenty-nine in all, were killed.

At last reporta the vessel, which had been
beached in Misivria Bay, was still burning.

LONDON, Sept. 3.—A despaton from Con-
stantinople to the Daily Mail, in speaking
of the explosions on the steamship Vaskapu,
says there is little doubt that they were
malicious and arranged by Macedonian
insurgents. If the steamer had not been
late in sailing from Varna the explosions
would have occurred while she was in port
at Constantinople.

 

THREAT REACHES THE SULVAN,

 

Letter From Insurgents Said to Have Passed
the Censors.
Special Cable Despatch to THK SUN

LONDON, Sept. 3.—Although the Balkans
continue to be very much disturbed, there
is at present no reliable indication that
the insurgents are making headway. The
situation in Macedonia is much qudeter, and
Albania is relatively tranquil.

Ou the other hand, the indurrection is
spreading eastward toward Constantinople.
It is stated that several thousands of in-
surgents are now in the vilayet: of Adrian-
ople, some bands being within 100 miles
of the capital. The district is crowded
with Turkish troops, who are being organ-
ized to execute a sweeping movement
somewhat in the nature of that carried out
by Lord Kitchener in South Africa

It is reported from Vienna that the Sultan
has received a letter at the Yildiz Kiosk
from the Macedonion revolutionary com-
mittee setting forth certain demands and
warning him that if he does not comply
with them he will be killed

The fact that this letter reached the
Sultan, despite the strict watch which is
being kept over such affairs, suggests
the possibility that the insingents will
be able to carry out their threat

The explosion on the steamship Vaskapu,
the wantonnuess of which is contirmed by
a number of correspondents of morning
papers, and the threats against the em-
bassies increase the fear that the insur-
gents will not shrink from serious crimes
against neutrals, with the idea of attracting
the attention of Kurope to their cause.

The reports which have been current for
the past few days that the city of Adrian-
ople has been partly burned and that the
remaining districts are burning, still come
in, but they cannot be confirmed.

LEGATIONS THREATENED.

Turkey Notifies Diplomats at Constantl-
nople of Danger From Rebels.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THE SUN

CONSTANTINOPLE, Sept. 2—The Otto-
man Government has sent a circular to
the various embassies and legations in-
forming them that the Turkish police have
discovered a plot by Bulgarian agitators

 

|} to commit outrages on the buildings of

{ circular

 

representatives of foreign countries. The
assures the Ambassadors and
Ministers that measures have been taken
by the Porte to protect therm, but asks them
to coSperate by taking precautions

The authorities here have been informed
that Col. Yankoff, the Bulgarian revolu-
tionary leader, at the head of a strong band
of insurgents, is on the railway south of
Adrianople, iis object being to destroy
important bridges, thus cutting Adrianople
off from the south. It is said that a fight

between Yankoff’s band and a Turkish
force is imminent
Monday was the twenty-seventh an-

niversary of the aecession of Abdul Hamid
to the throne of Turkey. There wag great
apprehension among the Christian in-
habitants of the suburbs of Constantinople
that the Turks, in the present inflarned
state of feeling, would celebrate the day
by committing excesses, and some time
ago they began to take measures of self-
protection.

The day, however, passed quietly. The
streets were strongly patrolled. The
crowds that turned out to see the decora-
tions were not nearly so large as on former
anniversaries

The police recently placed the severest

checks on the Mussulman population
While the Russian squadron was lying
in Iniada Bay 142 Mussulmans of all

classes were arrested and banished for
their outapoken anti-Russianism. A num-
ber of Macedonian fruit sellers also were
expelled

DEMANDS ON FERDINAND.

Against Bulgarian Ruler Uniess

He Aids Insurgents.

Spectul Cable Despatch to THK SUN

VIENNA, Sept. 2- A conference of Bul-
garian and Servian military officers was
held at Belgrade yesterday witha view to
adopting measures to aid the Macedonian
revolutionists against the Turks

Reports from Sofia state that leitere for
Prinos Ferdinand are received daily, threat -
ening him with violence unless he aids the
insurgents

CUBANS THANK ROOSEVELT.

Threats

 

 

His Work for the Keetproecity Treaty Ap-
preciated by Planters.
spectal Cable Despatch to THE SUN

Havana, Sept 2 At the request of
the Agrarian Jeague, President Palma
went President Koosevelt
thanking bin for hie decision to surnmon
a ppecial seamion of Congress to deal with
the reciprocity treaty between Cuba and
the United States He also exprenmed the
hope that owing to President Hoosevelt's
benevolent efforta the American Congress
with the matter
replied that he had
the liseoaye with much
pledeure and cordially dappres lated the
pentinente exprenned regard to the
treaty of reciprocity

Sugar ie now quoted al #03 realex About
200,000 tone are etl held by the planters
he holders of (he erop are mald to be able
to wail for ligher prices ‘The quotation
ie much higher than last year’s

deapatch to

would deal
President

favoluuly
elt
enble

Haare

received

hee New York tn Comfort
yop. Viell or loge the elly lo eleetrle carriages
Awill, evol, comfortable poten, ogmpere! Bhs
oo" Me, wat au aid know My thon»
ony Nelepbone 79) Columbus @N Y Trane
portation Co --Ade

 

NEW YORK, THURSDAY, SEPTEMB

 

| Jury today

|

 

ER 3, 190

   

THIEF AFTER WEDDING GOWNS.

Impostor Gains Access to Mies Braoks's
Marriage Finery and Is Detected.
Newport, R. I, Sept. 2.--It is thought
that an attempt was made this morning to
eteal the bridal gowns of Miss Ciladys
Brooks, who ia to wed E. V. R. Thayer, Jr.,
to-morrow, and had it not been for the sus-
picions of one of the employees of the dreas-
makers the man would have succeeded
While Miss Brooks and Mr. Thayer and
the wedding party were at Trinity Church
this morning going through a rehearsal for
the ceremony to-morrow a man appeared
at the dresamaker's place of business on the
@venue and showing a badge said that he
was from the gas company and had come
to examine the meter. When the man told
the object of his visit he was suspected,
and, although he was shown upstairs, it
was decided to keep an eye on him. He
had been upstairs only a short time when
one of the employees went up and found
him rummaging in one of the large trunks.
He was asked if he expected to find the
meter there and he said that he wae all
right
When accused of being an impoator, the
man suggested that an employee go with
him to the office of the company and he
would prove that he was all right. His
offer was taken up and one of the men was
sent with him. On the way the inspector
stopped to have a drink and disappeared.
The matter was reported to the police
and they are now looking for him. He did
not come from the gas company,

CONTROL OF WIRELESS SYSTEMS.

 

 

Britain and Italy Have Not Accepted In-
ternational Congress's Views.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THR SUN

BERLIN, Sept. 2.--The protocol adopted
by the recent congress here in regard to
wireless telegraphy has been signed by
the United States, Germany, Austria,
Spain, France and Russia, but not by Great
Britain or Italy.

The principal provisions are for the con-
struction of coast stations so as to allow
communication with ships at sea regard-
less of the particular system carried by
the vessel and for the publication of tech-
nical explanations of all systems in order
to facilitate the transmission of messages.

It is also pruvided that it shall be the duty
of all wireless systems to forward reparts
of accidents and requests for assistance,
A universal system of charges is to be
introduoed. The services are to be
regulated that signal stations will disturb
one another as little as possible

Phe delegates from the United States to
the congress stated that, owing Lo the laws
of their country, the American Govern-
ment would not be able to prevent private
companies from erecting wireless stations
merely because they declined to exchange
telegrams with stations belonging toan-
other system. The delegates, however,
gave a general adherence to the principles
promulgated by the majority of their fel-
low conferees.

The British representatives dissented
from amayjority of the conclusions adopted.
They affirmed that no system should be
used unless a certainty of connections was
guaranteed. The Ttalian representatives
supperted the Englishmen, declaring that
lraly could not repudiate its agreement
with Signor Marconi.

They added, however, that they would
try to persuade him to modify his views
on the subject in accordance with those of
the majority of the delegates to the con-
vention

The British delegates agreed to submit
the conclusions of the conference to their
Government, but expressed doubt as to the
willingness of the English postal authori-
ties to concede equal rights to all syatems,
owing to the legal status of wireless systems
in Great Britain.

SANFORD HUNT NEARLY DROWNS

BO

 

At Long Branch While Trying to Save a
Bathing Master.

 

 

LonG Brancu, N. J., Sept. 2.-Sanford
B. Hunt, captain of the Cornell football
team, nearly lost his life to-day in trying
to save Robert Austin, bathing master at
the Seashore bathing house. Austin, who
had been ill for several days, was swimming
in the surf. He had been seen by several
women to throw up his hands and disappear
Hunt was appealed to to go to the aid of

the man, which he did without hesitation,
He reached the spot where Austin had
disappeared and dived several times with-
out result. He was overcome when he
reached the bathing lines and had to be
carried ashore. Austin's body has not
heen recovered

 

GIRLS WHIP A’ FIREMAN,

Punch Him, seratch Him and Pull His
Hair While a Crowd Applauds,

John Lynch, @ young fireman employed
by the Standard Oil Company, who lives
on West Twentieth street, Bayonne, said
something to half a dozen girls employed
in the HAR warsanbatk silk mills at Avenue
E and Seventeenth street, Bayonne, yester-
day

The girls were coming from the mill to

© to Junecheon. They concluded that
ayneh belonged to the “fresh” clase and
decided to teach him a lesson They set
upon him, punched him on the nose, eye
and jaw, pulled his hair, scratched his face
and 1 ie him down. A large crowd
collected and urged the girls on

Policeman MeCarthy reseved  Lyneh,
who went home, the girls saying he had
been punished enough and declining to have
him arrested

TOO MUCH BAGGAGE T0 HANDLE,

Transfer Companies Bothered by a Record.
Hreaking Musiness.

The homecoming of New Yorkers who
have been on vacation and the travellers
from other cities who are passing through
New York has choked the transfer oon
yanies. Jf your trunk is a couple of days
ate in delivery you mustn't mind, for more
than 96,000 pieces of baggage were handled
{n Manbatian panne Represenla-
tives of the transfer companies said that
the number of pleces handled on Tuesday
and yesterday broke ull records

THE POSTAL SCANDALS.
Federal Grand Jury Mey Beturn a Sumber

ot bndlotments This Weebl.

WashINGTON, Mepl 2 The Federal Grand
resuiied ite heaniige bo eased
how before it growing out of the postal

norvice moandal investigation It in very
probable that a number of indiet nent.
will be returned Chis week hie will

wobably elow up (he work of the Grand
i y here in the postal eomndale and parinut
Fourth Assistant Postmaster General rise
tow to bring # considerable portion of hhe
report up to date

 

 

 

 

a. .—Copyright, 1903, by

nn

a RO

|
|
|
|

 

MRS, MOLINEUX DIVORCED? |“°%¢ fo

SHE WAS LEFT SOUTH DAKOTA,
17 1S SALD, WITH 4 DECREE

 

And Is Here in Town, ff the Eyes of Persons
Whe Fermer)y Knew Her Well Have Net
Betrayed Them—@tery ef a Family
Conference With Molinenx Lawyers.

Sioux Fauis, 8. D., Sept. 2.--It has been
discovered that Mra. Roland B. Molineux
has permanently departed from Sioux
Falls. She may already have reached
New York. It is supposed that a divorce
decree haa been granted in some interior
county.

The teatimony in the case is said to have
been taken last July before a referee at
Castlewood, Hamlin county, and the de-
eree is believed to have been granted a
few dave ago, presumably by Judge Whit-
ing. The papers in the case have been
carefully suppressed.

Persons who knew Mrs. Blanche hese-
brough Molineux said last night that
she arrived in this city from Sioux Falls,
last Tuesday and visited the Broadway
offices of Black, Olcott, Gruber & Bonynge,
Roland Molineux's counsel. At the time
of her visit, so it waa said, Roland Moli-
neux was in the office of his counsel,
George Gordon Battle, in another room in
the same building

According to the same story a confer -
ence of the principals with their lawyers
was held yesterday. If such a conference
was beld, none of the lawyers concerned
would adinit it last night. The Molineux
house in Brooklyn, in which Roland lives
with his father, is closed and the whole
family is in the country

If Mra Molineux has brought back a
divorcee decree from Dakota she has told
none of her former friends outside of the
lawvers in the case

She who did not attend her husband's
second trial for the murder of Mrs
Kate J. Adams, nor see him after he was
brought here from Sing Sing. She went to
Sioux Fallsin November last. She admitted
there that she had gone to South Dakota
to seek a divorce and the attention of the
Court was called to that admission, reeult-
ing in a rumor that the Court refused to
grant her a decree.

 

 

WRECKAGE OFF JERSEY COAST.

 

Cabin Found by a Fisherman Was Probu-
bly Part of aSchooner Recently Sunk.

GALILEE, N.J., Sept. 2--John Peterson,a
fisherman of Seabright, while fifteen miles
off Long Branch lifting lobster pots to~day,
found the cabin of a wrecked vessel,probably
a schooner. He got into the cabin through
a window and secured several articles,
among which were twelve international
code signal flags. He observed in a sub-
merged portion of the cabin a large eight-
day clock and several articles of clothing,
which be was unable to secure.

The cabin had been in the water but a
short time. It was evidently from a wreck
other than the Henry P. Mason, which
foundered near that point last Saturday
night. Everything indicates that the cabin
was part of some vessel which went to
pieces in the big storm of Saturday and
Sunday last

 

BIG EAGLE ON THE NEW BRIDGE.

Spends the Night Perched on the Cables
and Then Filles Away.

Perched on the south cable of the new
Williamsburg bridge, an American bald
eagle attracted considerable attention yes-
terday morning. It was onthe Williamsburg
side between the tower top and the granite
anchorage. The bird was first seen on
Tuesday night hovering above the Man-
hattan tower of the bridge.

It flew across the Kast River to the Wil-
liamsburg tower, where it flapped its wings

the cable. The eagle was still in the same
place yesterday at daybreak and thousands
of persons on their way to work stopped to
watch it,

It began to stretch its wings about 7
o'clock, and, after hovering over the Roose-
velt street ferryboat Oregon for several
minutes, if flew off on a southwesterly
course

RING-AROUND-A-ROSY POOLROOM.

Patrons Make Bets in Maryland and Cash
Tickets in the District of Columbia.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 2 The District At-

torney has decided to test the power of the

law to cover the case of the ring-around-a-
rosy poolroom on the District line, where
patrons make bets in Maryland and cash
their tickets in the District of Columbia
The poolroom is in a shed constructed
just on the dividipg line between the two
jurisdictions. The sheetwriters stand in

Marviand and the cashiers’ booth is in the

District. Police authorities of both juris-

dictions have been helplessly watching

the gambling ever since the  poolroom
opened a week ago

The police raided the room late this after-
noon and all of the offigers of the company

John Bartlet, John Farrell, Barry Ham-

mond, Horace T. Kelly, Henry Morris and

Barnard Daly were taken into custody

They all said that they were from Balti-

more, but it is learned that the company

was originated in New York. Th? men were
released on a bail of $500 each

WHAT! A THIEVING RAGLE!

A Hotel Maid Says He Fiew (to His Aerte

With Her Jewelry.

The Tenderloin police are Jooking for
a man who said he was a visiting Eagle
and who stole four diamond rings and other
jewelry worth $40, trom Annie Hallberg, a
maid at (he Waldorf-Astoria,

Mise Ha liberg nore that ehe met the
stranger early Tues morning when she
wie leaving the hotel Bhe accepted his
invitation to go tou #& Broadway restau
yant and later, she says, ele lent hun her
rious Assoonas he got them he raneway

GEN, MILES IN TOWN.
Hae Been at Ban Franelsco High Pratse
for Gen, Young

Gen. Neleon A Milew apent most of youler
day inthe oty He arrived here on Tues
day night [row Sen Frances, where he had
been to alland the GAR evearpment
Gen Mile eaid that he thoughtGen Young
wp ideal man lo comand the anny

‘Thad oe fue time in Ban Prapelaco,” he
uid "On the way there J met four of my
old mtlaft officers whom J had tot ween wines
Appotnaltar

jue

6410 to Caldwell by Hudaon liver Va
fur

Megmern aid |), & iH Ce, bept bb aad
Ardicauon lake George Monument --Ade

Sun. -

The Sun Printing and Publtiehing Association.

 

| stocks and bonds

for several moments before it alighted on | road to-day.

THE LEGISLATURE,
y of the Navy May Consent
te Be a Candidate.

Boston, Sept. 2.-Former Secretary of
the Navy John D. Long will in all proba-
uilily be elected next fal! to the Massa-
chusetts House of Representatives. Hing-
ham, the home town of the ex-Secretary,
was formerly Republican, but at present
it is represented in the Legislature by a
Democrat. Mr. Long's popularity in
Hingham is such that if he is nominated
he would get nearly every vote inthe town,
regardless of party sentiment

Walter L. Bourne, @ close friend of Mr.
Long, said to-day

“John D. Long is not seeking a nomina-
tion as representative to the General Court.
It is nevertheless probable that a practi-
cally unanimous request from the party for
his acceptance of its nomination as tle
most available candidate would be ree
garded by him as a demand for service not
to be rightly declined.”

 

 

—

CROKER HASN'T DESERTED US.

This City Is His Home, His Son Says—Will
Meturn te Live Here Some Day.

Frank Croker was indignant yesterday
when he read an interview with Randolph
Guggenheimer saying that Richard Croker
has no love for New York and will live
abroad permanently. Mr. Croker said
that his father’s home was in New York,
that his friends and his family were here
and when he had regaine! his health he
would return to make New York his home.

1MOKS LIKE Low,

That’s What Fusion Thinks Since the First
Conference Is Over.

Almost everybody who has a say in
fusion matters agreed yesterday that the
first fusion conference indicated the re-
nomination of Mayor Low. The Greater
New York Democracy people were dis-
posed to think that unless a change took
place in the situation there was little chance
for the nomination of an independent
Democrat. The Republicans were saying
that the campaign was to attain its logical
form, with Low again at the head of the
ticket

 

 

 

CONDONES

BRYAN

 

 

IT.

 

Prefers a Gold Democrat for Senator in
Ohie to a Republican.

Co.umaus, Ohio, Sept. 2.-.W. J. Bryan
raid in an interview here to-day on the
nomination of John H. Clarke, the Gold
Democrat, for United States Senator by
Tom Johnson's Democratic State Conven-
tion on Aug. 26:

“Clarke was grievously wrong in 1896,
and while I would have preferred a man
who was with us on all the planks of the
platform for Senator, I think it better to
support ono who differs from us only on
one point than to encourage those who
would elect a Republican.”

TO ARBITRATE A GOULD CLAIM,

—~—_—

A Milllon-Dollar Street Car Dispute to Be
settied Gut of Court,

Ricumonn, Va., Sept. 2 --Frank J. Gould
of the Richmond, Manchester and Peters-
burg electric lines arrived here last night.
The directors met to-day and considered
the questions at issue between the com-
pany and George E. Fisher of New York,
one of the fermer owners. It is said that
the company places its claims against
Fisher at $1,000,000. To avoid the slow
process of the courts it was agreed to arbi-
trate the diferences. Winslow 8. Pierce
of New York, counsel for the Union Pacific
Railroad, was chosen to represent Mr.
Gould. Fisher has ten days to select an
arbitrator and the two chosen will decide
upon a third

Mr. Gould says Fisher now has no interest
in the company except ase holder of a few
Mr. Gould inspected the

 

 

 

“NO DITCH, THEY'LL SAY TO LOW,

 

 

Broadway Business Men Will Call on the
Mayor Toeda)y.

-_—— —- ——_—- - eee OOOO — ne

This morning twenty Broadway business |

men, representing the association which
embraces every tenant and every property
owner between Forty-second street and
Fourteenth street, will wait on Mayor Low
and file with him the elaborate protest
against the ditehing of Broadway

SHE HID HER DIAMONDS,

And Then the Actress Asked the Police
to Find Thein.

Minnie Seligman, the actress who secured
a decree of divorce from Robert Cutting
three years ago, telephoned to Police Head-
quarters yesterday, without the aid of a
press agent that abe had lost a bag of dia-
monds on Tuesday. Eight detectives and
nine ordinary diamond hunters went gun-
ning for the gems.
hen they reached Miss  Seligman’s
house, at 210 West Fifty-ninth street, Miss
Seligman remembered that she had forgo. -
ten that she intended to remember that
she had hidden the diamonds in a Chamois
bag under her bed.

A HIGH NAP

 

RUDELY BROKEN,

The Boss Fires a Man Who Sleeps on the
Nineteenth Floor sill,
Herman Grau thinks he has a right to be
angry through and through
He is a windowcleaner. He worked
hard until noon yesterday in the American

Tract Society Building, and then took
@ noon nap on a foot-wide window ledge
on the nineteenth floor. Some troulie

maker thought he was in danger and had
30a8 Roberts of the building wake Grau uy
Grau said
“What's the matter anyhow? I've fin
ished my work, and it's noontime, and I’ve
getanri ht to take a rest if I want to.”
And then the boss ciseharged him

PILLARS.

Protesis Agalast Daublag the Stone ¢ ol-
une With Yellow

VAINT COURT HOUSE

Judges aod lawyers were worked up
yesterday because the coutractor who has
the job of renovating (he interior of tho
County Court House wos paloting Che stane
pillars in the corridor and rotunda # light
yellow

Louis Wechsler, (he contractor, esplamned
that i wie necendary becauge Fhe column
had been so souked with the oll used in
yewie paael C0 clean Chen that ib would be
bmipowsible fo fresten Chem up ty biruelien
or i #6@nel- Diet

fhver Cathar Das at Atlemite Oty
Ven ans

a eu ' “ airy

pies ' ule O10 06 ' bHapurtAliog
ud two days beard af the Tudelt prominent
wach Fropt Hove! Tiekels good gathg on ail

feavlas wou Hepiember 6, aad returping within
aye

|

Tavrspar, SEPTEMBER 8, 1978.
Fair to-day and to-morrow; light,

variable winds.

 

H.T EDSON KILLS FRIEND'S WIFE

EX-MAVOR'S SON, SELE CONFESSED
EMBREZZLER, A SUICIDE ALSO.

 

After Admitting Theat He Had Steien
Funds From St. Michael's Charch He
impleres Mrs. Pullen, His Patron’s
Wife, to Fly With Him—Then Sheets
Mer and Himecif.-Wite and Brother
Nearby—'raz), His Family Say-—-Letter
and “Personals” shew His Delusion.

Henry Townsend Edson, youngest sen
of ex-Mayor Franklin Edeon, and a brother
of Dr. Cyrus Edson and Dr. David Orr Edson
of this city, ended a misspent life yesterday,
and before putting a bullet in his brain
murdered a woman, the wife of his friend.

A self-confessed embezzler of funds of
St. Michael’s Church intrusted to his care,
Edson, after egreeing to a separation from
his wife, asked Mrs. Fanny Pullen, wife of the
vestryman who obtained for him charge of
the church funds, to elope with him, and
upon her refusal shot the woman dead.
A moment later he fell a suicide at her feet.
All this happened in the dining roo of the
Edsons’ handsome apartments at 282 West
Ninety-fifth street, and within the hearing
of Edson's wife and brother, who had fled

from the room when they saw that the

man seemed uncontrellable
That Edson's deed was the reault of a

badly disordered brain nobody had any
doubt yesterday. His family said thet
they had believed him mentally unbalanced
for some time, so much so that they had
decided to have him examined with a view
to placing him under restraint. Of his
love for Mra. Pullen they said they knew
nothing, although it seemed to appear
that her murder was the climax of a mad
infatuation conceived some time ago by the
man who shot her
A LETTER TO “DARLING.”

That Mrs. Pullen reciprocated Edson's
infatuation in the least degree, or indeed
was aware of it, there is absolutely nothing
to show. How far the infatuation had
gone on his part was shown in this letter,
in his handwriting, found in the apart-
ments by Coroner Jackson after the tragedy,

Dartinc: Trust John implicitly. He will
always be our go-between and faithful,
I know him thoroughly. He will tell you
where Lam waiting for you, to see your sweet
face once more before I go.

Iam going far, far away, but will die true
to you, no matter how long I live. I shail
lead a new life and an honest one, and if I
can ever come back to you with my past
cleaned 1 will, dearest.

Oh, my God! let me see and speak to you
once more before 1 go. IT cannot go until
you do. I hope and pray you put to-day's
(Sept. 1) personal in the paper, Any way,
I answered it in to-morrow’s and I hope you
see it.

I cannot sleep, I can only pray and pray
that you will come to me once more. Surely
you will, after all you have been to me for
the last ten years.

You do love me, darling, I know you do.
Come to me once more, darling, if only to
say good-by. I shall wait here till you
come, no matter how long.

John will tell you my hotel’s name; ask
clerk for me.

*PERSONAL” EDSON THOUGHT WAS FOR RIM

The * personals” referred to in the letter
appeared in the Herald, The first, which
Edson seems to have taken to himself,
was printed on Tuesday morning. It read:

B Loyal -Nothing in answer to message; be good
to me; worrled about you; send word to-day; Just
as true to you as always, with love.

The second, evidently written by Edson
in answer to this, appeared yesterday

morning. It said:

Panny -i am loyal aud true, cannot go till I see
you, trost tobi he will teli you where I am; with
love

That Mrs. Pullen's conduct did not justify
any of these was asserted positively by
her husband, by her son and by Dr. John P.
Peters, rector of St. Michael's Church, and
a friend of both families, All these declared
that Mrs. Pullen was a good wife and
mother and the sincere friend of Edson’s

wife. It was suggested the bullet which
killed Mrs. Pullen bad been meant for

Edson's wife. This the statements of the
witnesses of the tragedy entirely disproved,

The elevator in the apartment house
where the Edsons lived is run by a colored
boy named John. The boy, when ques-
tioned yesterday, denied that he had ever
acted as un agent for Edson or that he
knew anything about Mrs. Pullen,

BON OF A WELL-KNOWN FAMILY

Kdson was 30 years old. For yeara, as
one of bis brothers admitted yesterday, he
hid been asource of sorrow to the family.
He and Mre. bdson, who was Miss
Susan Douglus Diehl, were married seven-
teen years ago. They had one son, Frank-
lin D. Edson, who is 16 years old. The son
went last Friday to the summer home of his
uncle, Dr. Cyrus kdson, at Larchmont.
He was there when the tragedy occurred
yesterday

Mrs. Pullen was the daughter of the late
Commander James W. Shirk of the navy.
Her husband, Joho Pullen, is chief alerk
in auditing department of  pas-
senger accounts of the New York Central
RaUroad His uffice in the Grand
Central Station. Mrs, Pullen was 34 years
old, small and quite pretty. The eoupie
had two children, Frederick Trafton Pulien,
16 years old, and Mary M. Palien, who is 14

The Pullen home is at 675 West End ave-
nue, Whiches right around the corner from

the

is

the apartments cveupied by the Henry
JYownsend Edsons Both families had been
friendly for years, ever since they lived

near each otver at Hastings on-the-Hud-
Phe Pullens came to this cily nine
The Masons lived for a time in
where Edson went into business
and fared After that Fdeone came
here For the last four years they had
boen Tiving In the apartineptes where ye
terday's tragedy vcourred

Pdeon Las been supported in some degree
they came here by oontribulions
from hie brothere Four years ago he
wanted something to do and Mr Pullen
recomuuended biti to the bey. Dr Peters

YOLLEN M&UE HIM VaAKISH CLAKK

A short tine afterward the reetor made
buna port of clerk to help in managing
the finances of the parvh, which Wa large
Part of bie work wae lo teovive the
pew rents aod the ineone for rseveruleohars
table funda Alihough not a great ehurel
he fayvorauly oppressed alnioet every
Mire Valor
he Wue dled

Bon,
years ago
Rochester
(he

Pike

one

tia
one, Including Da
very
Mis

Very church triende er
pected that the Hasone were not happy
aithough & has now come out that Elson '#

Veter wie

popular in the

Pille
few «f

jatiely

thew

 

ae