———

VOL, LXXINMANO. 8.

Che

ns

++ NEW YORK, FRIDAY,

    

iAFT MAKES PLEA FOR PEACE

SENATE COMMITTEE'S
‘THITUDE NARROW.

 

(Ales

president Tells Hartford Audience That
the World Is Laoking to America to
tead the Way to End War Puts Ina
Word to the Farmers on Reciprocity,

They brought out
tha shly decorated organization, the
vovacnor's Foot Guards, to meet Pres-
font Vaft to-day. They put the Foot
coarde band, which is a mighty good

» front of him and scattered guards
i on every side of him so that Mr
* Jooked to the Nutmeggera like a man
in acre jot of poppies as he came
ich the atreets flanked by the crim-

vated guards
snnecticut is the second Democratic
State which Mr. Taft has invaded since
the adjournment of Congress and the
Hemocratic prophets were busy regis-
the warmth of the President's
reception

Hartford turned out a good crowd for
the show. Evidently there are many
people in Connecticut who are not mem-
hers of the Grange and the withdrawal
Grange officials from to-day's
celebration did not reduce the crowd
‘yn fact the much heralded opposition
o the President from the farmers over
che reciprocity iseue did not develop.

ly was a quiet crowd, however, that
watched the President pass through from
the station to Memorial Hall, where he
seas the Governor's guest at luncheon.
Gov Baldwin rode with Mr. Taft. Behind
trailed the Governor's staff in carriages
ind about them all were the crimson
and white slashed guards

The Governor's luncheon occupied two
f +he six hours of Mr. Taft's time in Hart-
ford Besides the Governor, Mayor Ed-
ward 1. Smith and the members of the
Governor's ataff there were eighty-five
srominent citizens at the table. Mr
Taft made a little speech afterward
Noticing the portraits of former Goy-
crnors of Connecticut about the walls
of the hall, he congratulated his hosts
on having so fine a memorial to their
ormer Executives

“l am getting to that place in life,”
he said. “where I believe in memorials
to former Executives.”

In the afternoon Mr. Taft spoke at the
fair Hia subject was peace and
the ratification of the arbitration treaties
eth France and England. It was per-
naps too heavy for State fair consump-
ton. but he lHivened it up with several
asides fromm his manuscript and the big
-cowd that gathered to meet him clung
through it all,

He caught the crowd when, looking
bout over the upturned faces, he said:

This occasion is one in which the farmers
‘ Connecticut are especially interested.”

When he spoke of the attitude of the
Senate Commities on Foreign Relations
toward arbitration treaties to-day Mr
Taft was a good deal more severe He

Hinrronn, Sept. 7

son

faring

fv the

State

siamped the view of the majority of the |

Senate Committee toward the treaties as
“limited and narrow.”

He told them of the warm reception
given by England to the arbitration pro-
posals and said that the rejection of these
treaties by the Senate would mean far
tnore than their failure in this country,
‘or the whole world was looking to the
United States to lead in the moveinent
to peace. Said he: “I cannot exaggerato
the importancs of escaping from the lim-
ied and barrow view the majority of the
senate Committee takes of the powers
of the Senate in this regard and of secur-
ing action by the Senate sustaining the
minority view. The ideal toward which
we are all working with these treaties
- the ultimate establishment of an ar-
bitral court to which we shall submit our
nternational controversies with the same
freedom and the same dependence on the
judgment as in case of domestic courts.

“If the Senate cannot bind itself to
submit questions of jurisdiction arising
inder the treaty, as Norway and Sweden
nave done, for instance, then the pros-
of real and substantial progress
s ost discouraging.

| call your attention to the unforta-
nate consequences not only to ourselves
hut to the whole civilized world, not only
for to-day but for ages to come, if the
fnal adoption of this reasoning by the
senate committee is to prevail,

steadily throughout the world the
burden of armies and fleets has grown
heavier and heavier, steadily the com-
petition bas grown more fierce that is
crushing the life and the hopes of the
people, put steadily Loo, and of late even
nore rapidly, has grown the hope that

escape from these burdens may he
found that in some measure at least
tne peaceful methods of settling disputes
ng individual men may obtain among

ther
‘

Leet

‘tions,

sav jet us not be too extravagant

, dreams and our prophecies, and
o can say what the end of such

ement, of such aspirations may be? ;

\Sherevyer good men and women the

\ i over are longing and praying
e dawn of this great day of peace

eves turn firet with hope and confi-

to the great republic of the West,
whose ideals are of peace
stice and industry and freedom,
and whieh more than any other
reed the peaceful method of arbitra-
i for the settlement of its differences
ther nations

ined

se ure the hopeofthe world. This
the proposed narrow construe.
Senate's powers to make a
veare now usked to strike down
rmenand women whoare struggling
nging Look not to us for
Sip Weeannet even follow
ther nat

up

f the

VG BAY
ons arbitrate, let others
« high court of nations and
faith that they will resort
tothe dread aroitrament of war,
abide by the verdiet of their
daes; the great American nation
by is Constitution to help for.
meat movemont, is tunable to
joany further broad submis.
cise toanarbitral court, though

world allows this light
ond peaee.”

'

of

In this great move-,

FIGHTS SHARKS FIVE HOURS.

 

’
| ee
Scaman Picked Up 200 Miles From Land,
Covered With Wounds.

GALVESTON, Sept. 7. -The British steam-
ship Nolisement, Capt. R. Young, justin,
brings a thrilling story of the rescue of a
Danish seaman, Andy Anderson, who waa
found afloat 200 miles from land off St
Vincent after a five
sharks and other fish.

Anderson has recovered and appears
little worse for his experience except the
wounds on his body made by ravenous
fish.

Anderson was a fireman on the Britigh
steamship Milton, bound for St. Vincent
At 4 o'clock in the morning when just
going on watch a lurch of the vessel threw
him into the sea and the ship went on.
He carried his knife with him and hitting
the water shed his clothes and prepared
to keep afloat as long as possible.

He was not long in the water until he
was attacked by fish and every few min-
tites he had to fight sharks, but he kept
above water for five hours till the look-
out on the Nolisement sighted him. A
lifeboat was put overboard and the man
wasreacued. He fainted when taken from
the water, but within an hour had regained
consciousness.

Anderson is a4 muscular man, 33 yeara
old and an expert swimmer, being able to
awim with both feet tied and one arm
pinioned or with both hande tied and both
feet bound. He said he found no trouble
keeping afloat, but fighting the fish was
another game.

hours fight with

KIPLING BUTTS IN.

He's Afraid Reoiprectty Will Increase
Murder in Canada Riotons Meetings.
OrTrawa, Sept. 7.—Rudyard Kipling

is the latest recruit to the anti-reciprocity

cause. The Montreal Star has got him

1o write a letter to the editor and it was

cabled to the Star to-day and printed

this afternoon. This is it:

BaTEMAN's BURWASH, Sussex, Eng Sept 6

To the Editor of the Montreal Star:

1 do not understand how 9,000,000 people
can enter into such arrangements as are
Proposed with 90,000,000 strangers on an
open frontier of 4,000 miles and at the same
time preserve their national integrity
Ten to one is too heavy odds, No single
Canadian would accept such odds in any
private matter that was as vital to him
personally aa this issue is to the nation

It is her own soul that Canada riaks to-
day. Once that soul is pawned for any
consideration Canada must inevitably con-
form to the commercial, legal, financial,
social and ethical standards which will be
imposed upon her by the sheer admitted

weight of the United States. She might,
for example, be compelled later on to admit
reciprocity in the murder rate of the United
States, which at present | believe is some-
{thing over 150 a million per annum
| If these proposais had been made a gener-
j ation ago, or if the Dominion were to-day
| poor, depressed and without hope, one
ppd perbaps understand their being
\discussed, but Canada is none of these
things. She is a nation, and as the lives
of nations are reckoned, will ere long be
among the great nations. Why, then
when she has mede herself what she is,
should she throw the enormous gifta of her
inheritance and her future into the hands
lof a people who by their haste and waste
|have ao dissipated thelr own resources
{that even before national middle age they
are driven to seek virgin flelds for cheaper
} food and living:

Whatever the Inited States mav gain,
and | presume that the United States pro-
posals are not wholly altruistic, | see nothing
for Canada in reciprocity except a little
ready money which she does not need and
;a very long repentance

Rupyarp KipLine.

Sir Wilfrid Laurier spoke at North Bay
and Sudbury, Ont., to-day. He announced
that he would close his campaign hy
speaking at a meeting on September 18
The continued offorts of Henri Bourassa
jie make the navy an issue are resuiting
}in great disorder at his meetings. At a
| meeting at Ste. Rose, Quebec, on Tuesday
jnight there was a general fight, at least
jhalf the audience turning from the
| speeches and taking to fighting. Women
ran away screaming and hysterical from
the battlefield. Swaying to and fro,
the two or three hundred who were en-
| Baged in the fight travelled from one end
of the field to the other, leaving the few
| trailers stretched on the grass

| HAD $13.600 WITH HIM.

Portuguese Fugitive Admits Theft and Is
Held for Extradition,

| United States Marshal Henkel went
down to Ellis Island yesterday and ar-
rested José Jacintha da Fonseca, who
lis wanted in Lisbon, Portugal, on the
charge of forgery and the larceny of
$16,000, The complaint on which Com-
i missioner Gilchrist issued theextradition
warrant is sworn to by Luis de Sousa
Monteiro Ferreira de Castro, Portuguese
Consul-General in this city, but no de-
tails of the alleged offences are given.
The only information in the possession
of the Consul-General was contained
in a brief cable despatch from Fusebio
Leao, Civil Governor of Lisbon

When the Marshal got Fonseca to hia
office in the Federal Building he searched
him and found more than $13,000 in Portu-
guese paper money sewed in the lining
On

 

lof his coat. further investigation

i more than $600 in gold was found in the]

|hottom of the prisoner's laundry bag
covered over with soiled linen

' When arraigned before the Commie-
' sioner Fonseca admitted both hia identity
land guilt. He will he extradited as
soon a6 the necessary papers can be pre-
{pared, The prisoner was taken to the
! Tombs.

'
!

 

POTASH DIDN'T PUT HILL OUT,

President Also Sweeps Aside Story of
taishman Seeking Berlin Post,

' Harrrorp, Sept. 7) A second pin was

stuck in the bubble story regarding the

! forced resignation of Dr. David Jayne

| Hill as Ambassador at Berlin by President

| Taft to-day, who made it known to callers

lin his private car that the Adminisi ration

|had not objected tu Dr, Hill's work in

| the potash controversy.
i that Secretary Knox's desire to ac vance
| Ambassador Leishman from Rome to
; Berlin had caused Dr. Hill's retiree
jment. Mr, Leishman had at first
jected to the change, it was said, hecause
of the great expense incident to the im2n>-
fer. He wanted to remain in Rome, with
which noat he was entirely satisfied.

The President is glad that Dr. Hillgave
publicity to his letters to him denying
ithe report that the State Department

 

| The President also swept aside tho story

'

'RAID LOTTERY TICKET PLANT

 

\WHICH DISGUISED ITSELF
\ AN ITALIAN NEWSPAPER.

AS

| Police Drop In at “La Speranza’s’ Office
| and Arrest Stal Think They Have
| Chief of Gang That Has Fleeced New
York Hallans Out of 880,000 a Month.

| Everybody in the offices of La Speranza,

an Italian publication at 35 Rose street,
|} was on the jump yesterday afternoon.
| Two compositors were hard at work, three
presses were clanging away and in one
corner an editor was writing editorials
which were to appear in the emerald pages
of the “Hope.” They were quite nice edi-
torials about the eternal springing and the
deferring which maketh the heart sick,
and most especially the hope which is
placed in the pecuniary success of certain
combination of numbers.

Enter to this scene two Italians who
inform the editor that they are in search
of some mislaid cuts that were sent for
La Speranza‘s use from the lithographic
concern they represent. While the editor
is looking for the cuta the two pick up
one of the copies of La Speranza, of which
only the second and third pages have
as yet been printed. They read for a
minute and then inform the editor that
he and his staff are under arrest. Con-

j siderable outcry. The visitors, who are
Detectives Cavane and Micelli from Police
Headquarters, whistle out the window
and in thump the police reserves from
the Oak street station.

The forms and blocks and cuts are
bundled into a waiting patrol wagon,
together with the three Italians who
have been getting out La Speranzo, and
every one moves to Police Headquarters,
where the three prisoners are charged
with violating that section of the Penal
Law which has to dowith the running of
lottery games and the having possession
of lottery tickets. This offence is a felony
and is punishable with imprisonment
for two years and a fine of $1,000 or both.

The police were vastly tickled with the
outcome of their raid, for although they
made two big raids on the lottery people
in the last year and there are now about
fifteen persons caught in these raids
awaiting tria!, they have never been able
to get at the headquarters of the lottery
gatnes that have taken so much money
from the pockets of poor but hopeful
Italiane.

Micelli and Cavane set out some months

ago to find the men who printed the tickets
which they found on the agents that they
caught. Their auspicion centred on an
Italian printing concern on Roosevelt
street, but when they went there it had
moved to Pearl street and moved again
a aay before the detectives were ready
to raid. ‘Then things were at a standstill
for a while, but the sleuths learned from
uo press tr anufacturing concern that they
had sent three presses valued at $700
apiece to the Rose street address. So
Cavane and Micelli and Police Captain
|‘ lark went down there yesterday.
; The prisoners they took said they were
| Ottone Ciani of 214 Thompson street,
|Endoro Pistilli of 18 Roosevelt street
and Piatilli's cousin Giochino of the same
address. The police think that Ciani is
the head of the whole lottery game here
and in Jersey City and Newark. They
say that the game must have netted the
heads of it some $50,000 a month. It is
supposed to be the American branch of
the lottery games in Palermo, Venice,
Naples, Rome and Bari, where lottery is
sanctioned by the Government

La Speranza—and it was the first issue

of thie paper that the detectives caught
in the making ~ had on its green pages the

 

list of the successful combinations and the
winners in the Italian towns

But the detectives say that the New
York tickets (on the presses in La Spe-
ranza'e office they found hundreds of
lottery tickets printed in blank) differ
from the home products in that they have
not the official stamp of the Government

The agents would go out from the
printing office, sell these tickets in the
poorer Italian sections and then report
progress on manifold books, many of
which were taken yesterday to the chiefs
The head of the game then knew how
matters stood and if he found that he was
going to lose heavily in a certain agency
that agency would Gisappear off the face
of the earth when it came time for the
winners to cashin. Some of the tickets
were as low as 5 cents apiece

The prisoner will be arraigned in the
Tombs police court this morning

ANNAPOLIS TO CAPITAL BY AIR,

 

Lieut. Rodgers, U.S.N., Files From Naval
Academy to Washington,

ANNAPOLIS, Sept. 7. A series of experi-
ments with aeroplanes designed to teat
their efficacy in naval operations was
inaugurated here this afternoon by Lieut.
John Rodgers, ". S. N., who made a sue-
jcessful flight starting from the parade
| grounds at the Naval Academy and a
little later in the afternoon began a flight
with Washington as his destination, The
i; machine used was of the Wright biplane
ltype. Lieut. Theodore (, Ellyson is ex-
| ected in a few days with a machine
| of Curtias hydroplane makeup
Lieut

 

 

 

lnowrn FOR AGED FISHERMEN.

John Haye Hammond Buys Snug Harbor
for Gloucester Shetibacks.

GLoucestrrR, Mass, Sept. 7. -The estate

of Samuel B. Crosby on Kastern avenue

}was purchased this morning by Patrick

|M. Longan, representing John Hays

Hammond. is the intention of Mr.

 

It
Hammond to present it to the board of
trustees for a permanent home or snug
harbor for Gloucester fishermen who have
gone by the age of usefulness.

This gift on the part of Mr. Hammond
comes as a result of long agitation on the
part of Dr. John FE. Dixwell and William D.
Sullivan of Boston. Two years ago a
number of Gloucester fishermen old in
years and practically unable to further ply
their calling were arrested and arraigned
for vagrancy. Judge Sumner D. York
didn't want to sentence them, but when the
old men asked that they might have a
home he sent them up

The home is a modern two and a half
story house capable of comfortably hous-
ing fifteen or twenty men There are
about fifteen acres connected with the
place planted with fruit trees.

GOVERNOR, BUT HAS NO OFFICE.

'

Shafroth of Colorado Bare Lieutenant
From Chamber During His Absence.
came violent

the Governor's departure for

 

Denver, Sept 7. A feud of long stand-
ing between Gov. John F. Shafroth and
Stephen R. Fitzgerald

yesterday on

be-
the eve of
the

Lieut-Gov

New
Jersey divorce convention

The Lieutenant-Governor strode into
the Governor's office as Shafroth was
clearing his desk for the last time before
leaving and announced that he would
take charge of the office and resume the
duties of Governor this morning

“You will do nothing of the kind,” re-
plied Shafroth, his red hair and mus
tache bristling. “I will lock up every-
thing here and have the doors bolted,
barred and guarded. While you are
playing Governor you will occupy your
own office or any old place you please
except this office. I will not have you
nosing around here and you will not be
allowed to enter this suite during my
absence.”

“LM show you,” said Fitzgerald as he
walked away.

To-day the Lieutenant-Governor spoke
to several thousand people gathered at
Rocky Ford for the annual melon day
carnival and feast. During the speech
he said: “Gov. Shafroth has barred me
from his office during his absence, but by
the eternal, when | get back to Denver I
will break down the doors of his office if
necessary and be Governor in the Gov-
ernor'’s office until his return. I willdo
thie if | have to call out the militia to do
the work.”

 

SHIPS SHOOT UP KITES.

New Three Inch Gun for Destroying Air.
craft Proves Effective.

NORFOLK, Va., Sept. 7.~That the newly
invented three inch gun especially de-
signed to destroy aircraft will do the
work was demonstrated to-day and to-
night. when gunners on the battleships
Louisiana and Mississippi and the scout
cruiser Salem destroyed five aeroplanes
and those on the Virginia, New Hamp-
shire, North Carolina and Connecticut
seven more.

The aeroplanes or box kites were made
fast to torpedo boats. They were per-
mitted to soar to a height of 500 feet,
then 800 feet and 1.200 feet.

The shooting to-night was conducted
with the aid of searchlights and without
them. Tiny lights tied in the box kites
furnished the only illumination for the
gunners when the searchlights were not in
Use,

In addition to the newly invented gun
the sharpshooters on the*Louisiana did
some excellent work with small arms.

The night work exceeded expectations
and the high scores registered by the
gunners greatly pleased Admiral Oster-
haus.

To-morrow the entire fleet excepting
the cruiser Washington will probably
participate in aeroplane shooting. Every
ship in the fleet has from three to five
aeroplanes on board, and it is presunted
that the gunners will be called on to
destroy them to-morrow,

 

FOUND THE

“WONA LISA?

Two Men Arrested in Spain Say Their
Picture Is Only a Copy.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN

Paris, Sept. 7. -A report from Leon,
Spain, says that two foreigners with
“La Joconde,” the “Mona Lisa” have
been arrested there.

The prisoners say that the picture they
have is merely a copy of the famous
painting by Leonardo da Vinci, which
was stolen from the Louvre several weeks
ago

Nevertheless the Paris police will in
vestigate the case thoroughly

The police were tardy in notifying the
police of Cadiz and Barcelona to watch
for “La Joconde,” but to-day they re-
ceived a reply which said that as hundreds
of copies of the Mona Lisa leave France
annually they did not see how any one
was to be expected to identify the original,

THREL-YERAR-OLD PETITIONER,

William Whitney Blodgett Has His Name
Changed to Willlam Tilden Blodgett.

PovGHKFEEPSIF, Sept. 7. The youngest
petitioner on record in the Dutchess
County Court is William Whitney Blod-
gett, the three-year-old son of William
Tilden Blodgett and Hanna Whitney
Blodgett, wealthy New York people,
who havea homein Fishkill, The young-

 

i Rodgers made his first ascent |ster gave satisfactory reasons why hej Sixty-sixth street, on August 2
shortly in thr presence of a large crowd | should change his name from William} himself down on the dumbwaiter.

a

SEPTEM BER 8, 191 1L,.— Copyright, 1911, by the Sun Printing and Publishing Association,

TWO SHOT DEAD IN GARRIAGE

ROBBERS KILL CONTRACTOR
AND DRIVER, BUT MISS BOOTY.

 

Automobile Party Meet Horse Browsing
at Roadside With Two Corpses in Car-
riage —Victims Had 84,000 and Were
Making Trip to Pay Workmen,

Tamaqua, Pa., Sept. 7.—An automobile
party on a pleasure trip crossing one of
the highest points on the Mesquehoning
Mountaina shortly after noon to-day
‘ame upon the bodies of two dead men
in @ carriage. ‘The horse was nibbling
grass at the roadside

Investigation showed that the dead
men were Joseph Zehner, a contractor
of Lansford, and Samuel Watkins of
Philadelphia.

There was a hole in Zehner's forehead.
Examination showed that a bullet had
entered the rear of his head near the neck
and had come out at the forehead. Wat-
kins had been shot on the left side of the
head near the temple. Both had been
instantly killed.

From a point several hundred yards
below where the murder took place was
a trail of blood, and it is believed that
when the shots were fired the horse took
fright and ran up the steep grade and that
the murderers, fearing detection, were
afraid to follow. The murderers were
after big booty, but got nothing for their
crime.

It was shortly after 8 o'clock this morn-
ing when Joseph Zehner, a stripping
contractor for the Lehigh Coal and Navi-
gation Company, accompanied by Samuel
Watkins of Philadelphia, left on a trip
to pay the men employed on the strip-
ping work in the valley. In the rear
of the carriage were two wooden boxes
containing about $4,000. This was un-
touched when the bodies were found.

As soon as the information reached
the offices of the Lehigh Coal and Navi-
gation Company 200 men were sworn
in as deputies. In addition the State
police at Hazleton and Pottaville were
notified and were soon on the scene in
automobiles. All the surrounding moun-
tains were scoured, but the search availed
nothing.

Two Italians who were excitedly try-
ing to buy tickets for Elizabeth, N. J.,
were arrested at Parryville, Carbon
county, and brought to Mauch Chunk
late this afternoon and held as suspects.

Two Slavs were later arrested at Allen-
town on suspicion. Officers have been
instructed to arrest all suspicious per-
sons, especially foreigners, and the net
has been spread so thoroughly that the
authorities believe the murderers have
little chance for escape, although there
are very poor clues upon which to work

Zehner, the murdered contractor, was
one of the best known men in the
Panther Creek Valley and was prominent
in all public affairs. He was 57 years
of age. and is survived by his wife, two
daughters and oneson. He wasa brother
of the late W. D. Zehner, superintendent
of the Lehigh Coal and Navigation Com-
pany for many years.

Samuel Watkins was 27 years of age
and was a brother of Benjamin Watkins
of Summit Hill, the regular private driver
for Mr. Zehner. Benjamin missed few
trips, and was off to-day only because
his brother, who was visiting him, felt
that the trip would be a pleasure.

To-night posses of men with lanterns
are searching in the hills and officers are
standing guard at all stations and watch-
ing freight trains.

DELUGE OF EXPRESS PACKAGES

a

 

 

Taken as an Indication of Lively Fall
Trade. ,

These are strenuous days at the Jersey
Central express platform of the United
States Express Company at Communipaw
as the result of a sudden increase of
business, exceeding in volume even the
customary Christmas rush.

Trunks, grips and packages of all de-
scriptions shipped from the seaside and
country resorts by returning vacationists
piled into the terminal at a great rate
the early part of the week according to
expectations and then a heavy miscel-
laneous assortment of express matter
from business houses in all parts of the
country began to arnve. The big rush
in ordinary business was not expected
and the express handlers found that they
were not able to cope with the situation.
All the regular extras were set to work
loading and unloading cars and a large
force of extra extras was taken on to
help out.

Joba were still being given out last
night and everybody was hustling to clear
up the glint. All the company’s wagons
are in commission and the drivers and
their helpers are working overtime.

It was said at the express company's
Communipaw platform last night that
the rush indicates a lively fall tirade.

 

SWORN ON HIS OWN BIBLE,

Boy Accused of Burglary Was Thereupon
Acquitted,

An eighteen-year-old boy who was
tried yesterday on a burglary charge
came to court with his own little Bible
in his hip pocket and insisted on being
sworn in with that instead of the ordinary
| court Bible. The jury acquitted him

| Mrs. Charles Campbell made the charge
that this boy, George McAllister, tried
to break into her apartment, at 58 West
by letting
She

 

 

including the members of the new class; Whitney Blodgett to William Tilden Blod-| said she opened the dumbwaiter door

at the Nayal Academy
he rose to an altitude of over five hundred
| feet and performed several sharp turns
The start for Washington was made
| at 3:40 o'clock

| WASHINGTON. Sept 7
arrived safely to-night

In wide circles| gett. Judge Frank Hasbrouck has granted | and he almost fell into her arms.

an order to that effect

Vhe petition sets forth that William
Whitney Blodgett was born in Fishkill
jon October 15, 1907, The grounds on

Lieut. Rodgers | which the change of name are based are |
"my tar ' :
The distance of | that the family name of the petitioners’ | and he reached for his hip pocket and, stateroom 305, which Miss Ogden had occu-

She

held him there until a policeman came,
George went on the stand and after

'scorning the Bible offered him by the

| court attendant said

“Oh, no; [ have a Bible of my own,”

 

FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1011,

Unsettied and cool to-day and to-morrow;
moderate easterly winds.

PRICE

TWO CENTS.

 

! VIRGINIA SENATORS WIN.

 

Indications Are That Martin and Swan-
son Have Big Primary Majorities.

Ricumonp, Va., Sept. 7.—Returns from ;
the Senatorial primary election were
coming in slowly at 9 o'clock. Indi-
cations are that a vote larger than the
average has been cast throughout the)
State.

In Orange county Senator Martin ran
ahead of his competitor, Congressman
William A. Jones, by 19 votes, while Sena-
tor Swanson was 155 ahead of Congress-
man Glass, One precinct is to be heard
from.

Culpeper county complete gives Mar-
tin a majority.of 606 and Swanson a ma-
jority of 611. Frederickaburg city gave
Martin 22 majority over Jones and Swan-
son 216 majority over Glass.

Martin and Swanson carried the city
of Petersburg by 796 and 704 respectively.

The city of Richmond will give Martin
and Swanson fully 1,500 majority. The
straggling returns being received from

|

 

 

 

 

 

New Experiment tn Paris Tried on frish
American Ptigrims.
Special Cable Despatch to Tue Sux.

Paris, Sept. 7.—Five hundred Irish
Americans passed through Paris to-day
making the pilgrimage to Lourdes. As
an innovation the officials set police dogs
to watch the baggage of the pilgrims,
who with one exception were delighted.

The exception was a man who forgot
about the dogs and attempted to open
his own travelling bag. He and the dog
had quite a mixup before help arrived.

 

 

BOMB FOR ITALIAN BANKER.

Store of Mirizzo on East Thirteenth Street
and Flats of Neighbors Wrecked.

Some one left a bomb in front of the
store of Barracabo Mirizzo, an Italian
banker and steamship agent at 424 East
Thirteenth street,at 1 o'clock this morning,
The bomb went off with a roar that
brought the whole neighborhood out on
the streets. It blew out the windows
and door of Mirizzo’s place, throwing
everything inside about and wrecking
the shop

The windows of those who lived above
Mirizzo0's were also popped out. No one
was burt

ED

 

AN HOUR.

LIVE 40 YEARS IN
Warden Takes Life Prisoners in an Auto
to See World's Progress,

 

INDIANAPOLIS, Sept. 7.—E. J. Fogarty,
warden of the State prison, who called
to see Gov. Marshall to-day, related a
story of an automobile ride of ten miles
he recently gave to four inmates of the
prison, whose aggregate term of imprison-
ment thus far has been 105 yeare

One had served forty years, one thirty-
five years, one seventeen years and one
thirteen years. All are “lifere.”

The ride was from Michigan City to
Laporte, where two of the prisoners
ecew for the first time trolley cars, auto-
nobiles and many other evidences of
modern achievements hidden from them
by the prison walls. So great was the
surprise to the prisoners, the warden
said, that two of them utterly collapsed
from nervous excitement.

One of the prisoners is William E
Hinshaw, who is in a precarious condition
because of failing health

GEO. F. BAER CALLED TO COURT,

 

Charged as Head of Reading Railway

With Selling Unclaimed Bad Eggs.
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 7.- At the instance
of Harry P. Cassidy, special agent of the
State Pure Food Department, George
F. Baer, president of the Reading rail-
way, was to-day served with a summons
to appear and answer a charge of violat-

 

 

Hastinas, Neb., Sept. 7.- President
Taft to-day by telegraph commuted the
sentence of W. G. Comstock, wealthy
Government land fraud convict in the
Hastings jail, in order that he might
hasten to California to attend the funeral
of his lifelong friend, Bartlet Richards,
who died some days ago while under
sentence for land frauds.

Comstock and Richards were business
partners, and friends for years. ‘Together
they owned the great Spade ranch in
western Nebraska, where more than
half a million acres of Government land
was illegally fenced. The two men were
jointly indicted, tried, sentenced
were serving time in the same cell,
term would have

The order of
Attorney-General
left

and

Comstock's prison
September

release came from
Wickersham, Mr. Comstock
San Diego this afternoon.

expired 20

for

 

 

FLIES 73 MILES AN HOUR,

Amazing Speed Reached by Pilot Jourdan
at Juvisy.
Special Cable Despatch to TRE SUN
Juvisy-suR-OrGE, France, Sept. 7
Jourdan, piloting a Helicopter ma-
the rate of

 

M
chine here to-day, flew at
seventy-five miles an hour.

JEWELS SAFE IN HER BERTH,

Miss Odgen’'s Valuables Found Just Where
she Left Them.
The steamship Oceana, which arrived
at Quarantine Wednesday night from Ber-
muda, was boarded early yesterday morn-
| ing by Headquarters Detective Moody in
search of the jewels left in her stateroom
| by Misa Isabel Ogden, who sent a wireless

from Bermuda Wednesday to the New
| Fore police asking them to look for the
|

Detective

Moody went to

valuables

alxty-nine miles was covered in one hour mother is Whitney, and at the christen- produced a Bible, with which he was duly | pied on the Oceana’s last trip to Bermuda,

and forty minutes. Lieut. Rodgers flew
‘over the army aviation school at College
|} Park, Md, and exchanged signals with

| army airmen there
!

}

t
The aviator circled the Washington
Monument in a series of spectacular spiral

}
t

He continued his
flight to Washington at a height of 1,200) has veen named Stephen Whitney Blod-j and that they had extended their fun by | box was locked and the detective did pot

jing of the petitioner it was desired to
recognize in his name his mother’s family,
‘and he was named William Whitney
| Blodgett. ‘The petitioner's parents now
| have a second son born May 14, 1911, who

ett.

The petitioner's father's name is William
' Tilden Blodgett, and that was the name of
‘his paternal grandfather, Stephen Whit-

j sworn,

He told Judge Foster, sitting in Part 1,!

\ ;
| of General Sessions, that he had heen
playing on the roof with another boy

itaking rides up and down the dumb.
| waiter. Charles Hartnall was his friend

and he

! and looked under the mattress, where the
| wireless message had told him to look,
And sure enough there was a black tin
, box just the sort of box described, The
try to open it, The stateroom had been
occupied by a male passenger on the trip

had a similar story, but admitted! to New York and the passenger had slept | yisit a friend there

: oft Hartford at 5 o'clock fori wan dissatistied with Dr. Hill's course | glides and on alighting was groeted by | ney, the name now born by the petitioner's to the court that he and George had on the jewel box and had never even

luis ts, he says, the last break
He intends to sink into

seclusion as is possible for a
Cent until he leaves for his Western
On September i

\in the potash controversy.

However, beyond the denial of the
charges that friction existed between Mr.
Knox and Dr. Hill there was no intimation
given of the true reason for Dr, Hill's
resignation,

| Assistant Secretary of the Navy Beekman
Winthrop. After reporting at the Navy
Department Lieut, Rodgers flew to Col-

| lege Park, where he left his machine at the

Army Training School,

} younger, brother, was the name of the! only a day or two before the latter's known it was there

maternal grandfather of both,

This recital of reasons convinced the

court that the infant's petition for per-

| mission to change his name was based on

good and suffigient reasons

arrest tried to steal an automobile from
| the street and had not succeeded,

ing the pure food law in causing the sale
of bad eggs

It is alleged that the railroad com-
pany has persisted in selling bad eggs
left by consignees

FREED TO GO TO FUNERAL,
President Releases Partner of Land

Fraud Convict Who Died.
|

Moody turned the}
box over to the customs men, who will |
| keep it for Miss Ogden, There was a $50 |

over — ae dl od we aan election of | 4 chance to recover harself another wave
ies following too close on the heeis of the firat
DOGS TO GUARD BAGGAGE, |came up and there was nothing but water

BIG WAVES HIT MAURETANIA

DASHED OVER FUNNELS AND
BROKE WHEELUOUSE GLASS.

 

 

So Farly That None of the Passengers Suf-
fered -Miss Dreier Back From Taking
Her Sister to Europe-—Reid Docen't
Think Rock iisiand Will Cut Dewn.

The Cunarder Mauretania errived last
night with 1,802 passengers, of which 952
were cabin passengers. The ehip brought
also a story of an “accumulative wave”
which hit her Monday morning, eplashod
water over her four high funnels and
broke some glass in the wheslhouse.

The big wave landed up egainst tho
Cunarder at about 7:30 o'clock. The sea
was pretty rough at the time anyhow and
& good sized wave had just given the ship
a cuff that made her reel. Beforoeha had

in the air for an instant or two. Outside
of the little broken glass the ship was un-
hurt and the hour was so early that none
of the passengers was on deck to get wei

Miss Mary E. Dreior, sister of Mies
Katherine Droier, whose marriage to Ed-
ward Trumbull was announced on August
8 and the announcement later was with-
drawn because, as the family said, “it
developed after the ceremony that Mr.
Trumbull was not legally free from a wife
by a former marriage,” was a passenger
on the Mauretania. Miss Mary Duioiar
accompanied her rister to Europe on
August 17. It wae said that Mies Kath-
erine Dreier would resume her art studies
there.

Miss Mary Dreier said last night that
there was nothing to be added to the state-
ment made on behalf of the family by
their attorney, George D. Beattys, on
August 20. She eaid that she did not
know when her sister would return to
thisoountry. There would be no prosecu-
tion of Mr. Trumbull, she said, so far aa
her sister or her family was concerned.
Miss Dreier's brother, H. Edward Dreier,
was at the pier to meet her ,

On the revenue cutter which met thea
Mauretania at Quarantine was Miss
Frances A. Kellor, chief of the new Stats
Bureau of Industries and Immigration,
which is endeavoring to put a stop to ths
fleecing of unsuspecting arrivals at this
port through false information about the
trains, &c. Miss Kellor went through the
ship in search of Miss Dreier and found
her in the passageway near her stateroom.
Miss Dreier is interested in social work
in which Miss Kellor is interested.

Daniel G. Reid, president of the Rock
Island, and Mrs. Reid, arrived on the
Mauretania. They left New York on
March 24 and spent a month in, Carls-
bad, later touring Germany and France
ard in between spending a month in
London. Mr. Reid said that he had not
kept in touch with conditions here. He
said that he was ¢truck by the evident
prosperity of Germany. As for the
Morocco situation, he said that he had
heard much more ‘talk of it in London
than in either Paris or Berlin. Asked
if there would be any policy of retrench-
ment on the Rock Island Mr. Reid said
that he knew of none in prospect 8

Dr. C. L. Dana, the alienist, returned on
the Mauretania after studying new meth-
ods and experiments in progress in Lon-
don hospitals. Dr. Dana said that of par-
ticular interest are experiments now being
conducted by Sir Victor Horsley, who has
invented an instrument by which certain
definite parts of the brains of anwsthetized
animals may be assimilated or destroyed.
The experiments, Dr. Dana said, promise
to be of great value to students of the
physica! functions of the brain.

The passengers on the Mauretania were
spectators at a boxing match Wednesday
afternoon on the upper deck. The con-
testants in the main bout were a steward
named Dyer, who says that he was once
lightweight champion of Australia, and a
sailor named Pearce, who announced
himself as the one time champion of
the United States navy at the same weight.
They fought six rounds fcr - purse of
about £50 made up by the passengers,
Dyer beating the American on points
After the main bout Dyer took on a stewe
ard named Fellows and another named
Briscoe and defeated them easily in
short bouts. Dyer said the purse he won
would go to seamen's charities.

George Arliss, the actor, was another
who returned on the Mauretania He
opens on Monday night in Pittaburg in
his last season play, “Disraeli,” which he
is to bring to Wallack’s Theatre on Sep-
tember 18, Mr. Arliss said that he hoped
it would not be necessary for him to have
another play this season. Otherstage
people on the Mauretania were Mra.
Forbes-Robertson (Gertrude Elliott);
Suzanne Sheldon, who is the wife of Henry
Ainley, the English actor; Alice Lloyd, the
music hall singer, and Hassard Short.

Among others brought in by the
Cunarder were Co). Michael T. Rarrett,
Mr. and Mrs. Willard 8. Brown, Vernon
H Brown 2d, Albert C. Burrage, Mrs.
L. J. Calvocoressi, Judge William N.
Cohen, Mrs. F. Y. Dalziel and the Misae,
Dalziel, Dr. Lawson C. Funk, Judge and
Mrs. P. A. Hendrick, Mr. and Mra. William
S. Ingraham, the Right Rev. G. H. Kin-
solving, Bishop of Texas; Mr. and Mrnr.
W. C. Macfarlane, De Courcy May, Philip
McFadden, Mr. and Mrs. C. 3. W, Packard,
jypsy Smith, the evangelist; Campbel!
Symington, Mr. and Mrs, C, V. Van Anda
and J. H. Welsford, the Liverpool ship
owner,

The Mauretania made the passage in
4 days 13 hours and 36 minutes, nearly
three hours behind her record.

Cc. F. MURPHY'S AUTO BREAKS

And the Tammany Leader Has to Spend
a Night in Middletown,

MIppLETOWN, N. Y., Sept. 7.—Charles
F. Murphy and P. F. Donohue, treasurer
of Tammany Hall, had to stay at the Brown
Hotel here last night because Mr. Murphy @
automobile broke down on the State road
at Kay” 7 n. Mr. Murphy was bound
for Cu sowackville in Orange county to
The front spring
of the machine was broken when the car
houneed into a depression in ihe road
eaused by the recent rains. The party
drove slowly back to this town and me-
chanics were put at work on the machine,

 

McAllister has heen under parole from | reward mentioned inthe wireless message, | but it was found that the car could not

lige Children's Court several times.

which probably will ga to Moody |

be made ready until to-morrow,