ES 5s

Biting 33
Tits

 

—

~ VOL. LXXIV.—NO 110,

(5 ACRES T0 THE UNIVERSITY, | |

RUSSELL SAGE'S £300,000
CHRISTMAS GIFT.

scliwab Estate, Adjetning the University

Grounds on the Seuth, Added te Them

~Dr. MacCracken’s Pian fer a Group

of Colleges Thereby Much Advanced.

 

 

WARS.

 

ancellor Henry M. MacCracken of the

New York University announced y esterday
‘.e closing ceremonies before the Christ-

as recess of the university graduate
~hool and the sehool of pedagogy, in
ington Square, that the university
«J acquired title only a few hours before
ihe Schwab farm, of fifteen acres, which
adjoins the south line of the university
grounds and carries that line to 180th street.
While the Chancellor concealed the identity
the donor by saying that the farm had
bought by friends of the university
and presented to the institution. free of
epounbrance as a Christmas gift, it was
earned elsewhere that the gift came from
Mrs. Roswell Sage. Mrs. Sage is a great
end of Miss Helen M. Gould, who is a
rraduate of the New York University law
school and who gave the university the
Hall of Fame and the library building.
\Irs. Sage and Miss Gould have long been
friends of Chancellor and Mrs.

\\
in

heen

ntimate
Mact racken,

rhat the gift was not expected by Chan-
lor MacCracken just at this time is the
iiea of the members of the class in philos-
phy which Dr. MacCracken was teaching
vesterday morning in Library Hall on the
The class had barely opened
when he received a telegram When he
read it he changed color, dismissed the
class and left the building. He missed
hapel during the next hour for the first
time since the fall term opened, and didn’t
return until 11 o'clock.

fv his announcement yesterday Chan-
or MacCracken said that the gift of the
state, which comprises 175 city lots, is the
largest single present to the university,
with the exception of the library edifice
rhich Miss Helen Gould gave twelve years
Clarence Tavies, the broker for
the Gustav Sehwab estate, which owned
the farm, said last night that the purchase
price was $300,000." He said that the Schwab
heirs had frequently received as good
offers for the property, but that they had
held on to it with the idea that the univer-
rity onght to have it.

(hancellor MacCracken has frequently
made it plain that he has great plans for
the tuture of New York University, which
w)|| be greatly advanced by the increasing
of the area of the college campus to thirty-
seven acres, In his address at the open-
ing of the school year this falt he said that
he hoped that the university would some
dav be modelled on the plan of the great
English universities, in that he would he
rhle to group a dumber of colleges at Uni-
versity Heights, each with a separate faculty.
lt is expected that one of the early changes
will be the moving of the Washington
square branches of the university to Uni-
versity Heights,

In big talk to the students yesterday
Chancellor said that the acquiring
of the new property would make it possible
to enlarge the summer school next year,
and that the vacation work of the institu-
tion wonld be the first department to
henefit by it. The summer school will be
held in the three story brick mansion of
thirty-seven rooms which was built and
ccoopied by the late Gustav Schwab,
tather of Gustav H. Schwab. Last year
the summer school had an attendance of
2%) and was greatly crowded for room.
Next year, the Chancellor said, he expected
iy) out of the 1,000 students in the Wash-
ngton Square schools to enroll at the
summer school on account of the improved
tacilities for the seagion.

In the negotiations which resulted in
the turning over of the property to the
tchool yesterday Mrs. Sage was represented
by Henry W. DeForest.

Che Sehwab farm has been in the pos-
Fession of only three or four families since
the original Duteh purchase 280 years ago.
\t the time of the Revolutionary war it
was owned by a family named Archer
ond formed a part of the line of defence
of the Colonial forces along the Harlem
On the spot where the late Gustav

Schweb. built his residence in 1858 was
lort No. 8 When the ground was exca-
vated for the Schwab residence a lot of
relics of the old fort in the shape of cannon-
halls, old muskets, pieces of uniform and
uniforin buttons were dug up.

Gustay Schwab, who later became a
member of the firm of Oelrichs & Co., agents
for the North German Lloyd line, lived in

“the house he built until his death in 1888,
and his widow continued to reside there
uotil her death in 1004. =

Since that time the big house has been oc-
eupied only by a caretaker. Some years
ago the late Herman Schwab, a son of
Gustav Schwab and brother of Gustav H.

“chwab, the present agent of the North

ce

Heights

col

go.

the

River,

German Lloyd Line, built a small brick | ycClellan leaders.

house on the farm a few yards away frore
his father's residence, and theese two brick
+tructures are the only buildings except a
few outbuildings. The smaller house is
now occupied by a family, whose lease has a
few months longer to run.

While the farm is for the most part
covered with fine elms and oak trees, there’)
is much level lawn space, the whole being |
am ode! addition t® an ideal college campus.
there have been many plans made for
cutting streets through the property, but
none has ever materialized and it has
fortunately been preserved for the uses af
the university.

New York University was established in
"8, Last year it had 286 instructors
and 2,524 students. Among the branches
of the institution are the law school, the
“raduate school and school of pedagogy
‘nd the school of commerce in Washington
“yuare East, where the offices are; the
college of arte and college of applied
eclence on University Heights and the
University and Bellevue Medical College,
4! Twenty-sixth street and First avenue.

 

 

 

After all, Usher's the Scotch
that made the Mghdall famous. —Ade.

denigns 8) boanes

sena'al era aT"

 

|
|
|
!
{
\

 

|
{

 

 

{
j
{
'
|
j
|
‘I

 

 

 

 

 

ANDY AND THE DIVVLE

Scottish Satire on Carnegie the Org
Giver —Untiversity Trust Vindicated.
Special Cadi? Despatch to Tax Sun.
Lonpon, Dec. 18.—-Mr. Carnegie's various
liberalities have evoked many censures,
but none more severe than one now laid
upon him of being in league with Satan.
This has become a tradition itt some of the |
rémoter partes of the Highlands and in the
Hebrides. |
Andy, as Mr. Carnegie is universally
called, has, acoording to this tradition,
entered into a pact with the evil one to |
destroy Scottish religion by spreading the \
use of musical instruments and man made |
hymns. |
It is said that before returning to his
native country he asked Satan how he
could best aid him, whether he should
make folks dance, build theatres in every
parish or teach them to play cards.
“Na, na, Andy,” replied Satan, “tak a
kist of whustles to ilka kirk [Put an organ
{
|

 

in every church]. Then my wurk wull gang
weel aneuch.”

The fact that Mr. Carnegie has presented
organs to many churches in all parts of
Scotland, introducing instrumental music
and modern hymns where formerly only
psalms were vocally rendered, is taken as
proof of the fulfilment of the compact.

The Daily Mail, which instituted an in-
quiry into the charge that Mr. Carnegie’s
university gift was degrading the Scottish
students’ character, fails to find proof
to support the charge. It says it believes
that the agitation against the fund has
arisen through the deep change in Scottish
life. A generation ago the Scottish univere
sities were thronged with poor men, who
often starved on a poor scholarship. The
old type of Scottish worker, from whom
these ardent students were largely drawn, |
has disappeared under new economic con-
ditions.

The students nowadays, excepting those
at Aberdeen University, are essentially of
the middle class, and the workers in humble
life drift into factory employment. Hence
the fund established by Mr. Carnegie is not
benefiting the class for which it was in-
tended to any great extent. The number
of students has increased only slightly since
it was established.

There may have been abuses of the trust
here and there, but not on a great scale.
The most serious problem is the question of
university fees, which the authorities have
raised considerably since the trust was
created.

 

 

VICTORIA LUISE A TOTAL WRECK,

Steamer on the Rocks Near Kingston
Breaking In Two--Passengers All Well.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THE SUN

KINGsTON, Jamaica, Dec. 18.--The Prin-
zeasin Victoria Luise isatotal wreck. Sheis
piled high on the rocks but a stone’s throw |
from the shore. The German cruiser
Bremen tried to heave her off. She is
still engaged in salvage operations, which
are rendered very difficult by the seas,
which break clear over the vessel. The
steamship Virginia is about to join in the
salvage operations.

The vessel has been declared a total
wreck by the surveyors, and the work of
stripping her will commence to-morrow.
Her crew are being brought ashore. She
is being pounded by the heavy seas and is
buckling amidships. Her boilers and en-
gines have slipped from their positions

and she is falling over on her port side
The body of Capt. Brunswig was taken
to Kingston. It was buried this afternoon
after an autopsy had been made. The
evidence at the inquest showed that he
blew off the back of his head with a rifle.
All the passengers were landed yesterday.
All are well.
}
|
|
'
|
i
'
'
|
‘

 

Emil Boas,agent of the line here, confirmed
the report last night that the vessel would
probably be a total loss. From informa-
tion he received yesterday it appeared
the vessel had been piled high on the
near the Port, Royal lighthouse and
within a stone’s throw of the shore.
weather had become rough and the
seas were breaking over the ship.

The German cruiser Bremen tried to pull
the stranded vessel’ off the rocks, but her
efforts were of no avail,

The passengers, most of whom are New
Yorkers, will be brought home on one of
the vessels of the line that sails later in the
week. The passengers were all landed
safely at Kingston.

that

 

TAMMANY NAMES VOORHIS

 

And It’s Not So Certain That the Mayor
Won't Reappoint Him.

John R. Voorhis, chairman of the Board
of Elections, whose term expires at the end
of this year, was last night unanimously se-
lected as the choice of the general com-
mittee of Tammany Hall to succeed him-
self. The meeting lasted two minutes.
The election law gives to the’ committees
of the county organizations the privilege of
recommending only. The Mayor is not
compelled to name the man recommended.
It has been known for some time past that
Charles F. Murphy intended to send the
name of Mr. Voorbis ingand until a few days
ago it was understood that the Mayoy would
refuse to reappoint Mr. Voorhis. It is un-
derstood now, however, that the matter is
not determined. Something may depend
on the course of events at the annual meet-
ing of Tammany Hall on December 27. If
any attempt is made to unseat the members
of theexecutive committee who are allied
withthe Mayor Mr. McClellan will be likely
‘toretaliate. But from present appearances
there is not likely to be any attack on the
Mr. Murphy, it is well
known, is not anxious to reopen the fight
with the Mayor at thistime and as friends
of Mr. McClellan are aware that in the case
of a lineup they would have only a small
percentage of the executive members on
their side they will save their energies for
next year’s primaries.

 

DURHAM WAS BOSS, SAYSWEAVER

Philadelphia's Mayor Tells Jury How His
Acts Were Dominated.

PHILADELPHIA, Dec, 18.-Mayor John
Weaver, on the witness stand to-day in
the city’s $5,000,000 filtration suit against
the contractors, told of former boss Israel
W. Durham's domination.
Miller, for the

Attorney prosecution,

asked.
“At whose suggestion was Peter E, Cos- |
tello appointed Director of Public Works?”
“It was made solely upon the recom-
mendation of Israel W. Durham,” said the !
Mayor
e Mayor testitied also that the salary
of John W. Hill, filtration chief, waa raised |
from $12,000 to $17,000 a year at the sug- |
estion of Mr. Costello, who had received |
the bint from Mr. Durha '
Much ipylljuminative of
in which | i

sere m's orders

the —ee
» Weaver, |

it
-

y i a ae .
ies ’ ‘a HAL

 

- | SUICIDE ENDS A MAN AUNT

AND RBERTILLON 8Y wie BESTS
THE ROGUES’ GALLERY.

 

 

}
| Consumptive Who Held Up Mt. Vernen

Jeweller Is Able to Press Trigger of

an Automatic Pistol Long Enough’ to
Sepd Three Bullets Clean Through Him.

A tall, thin young man with a very pallid
complexion ran north on Elizabeth street
yesterday afternoon, coughing violently as
he fled. In his left hand was a revolver
and people gave him a wide berth. His
cough seemed to increase with his exertion

| and as he turned east on Bleecker street

his pace grew slower. A policeman and
two men in plain clothes, one of whom
had fired tw6é shota at the fleeing man,

| closed in on him. At the northeast corner

of the Bowery and Second street the fugitive
seemed to be exhausted. He leaned against
an area railing a few doors east of the Bow-
ery on Second street andwagang the revolver
slowly in a half circle for a moment to
hold his pursuers back. Then he turned
the revolver toward his breast and shot
himself through the heart.

Quite by accident Sam Reyman, Jr., a
jeweller of 62 Mount Vernon avenue, Mount
Vernon, had chanced upon the fugitive at
the corner of Houston and Elizabeth streets
and had recognized him as a burglar who
had come into Reyman's jewelry shop in
Mount Vernon the night before and had
robbed the place while the jeweller looked
into the muzzle of the Colt automatic re-
yolver with which the burglar committed
suicide yesterday on Second street. Rey-

} man was closing his store in Mount Vernon

on Monday night about 9 o'clock, as men-
tioned in THe Sun yesterday, when the
| pale, consumptive looking man entered and
| ogdered the jeweller to throw up his hands.
Then the burglar had smashed a showcase
near by with his right hand, «till pointing the
revolver with his left, and had fished out
several cards of gold trinkets while blood
from his cut hand dropped over the jewels
and the floor. Then he had backed out of
the shop and had disappeared in the dark-
ness.

Early yesterday morning Detective Ser-
geant Atwell of Mount Vernon decided to
bring the jeweller to this city to look over
the Rogues’ Gallery at Headquarters. Tha
detective and the jeweller pored over the
collection of pictures until 2 o'clock yester-
day afternoon and then went out to a res-
taurant at the foot of Second avenue for
luncheon.

The two mem were returning west on
Houston street to resume the search through
the gallery, although Reyman had picked
out one crook—No. 6100, who he was quite
positive was the burglar—and they had
almost reached Police Headquarters again
when the tall, thin young man, wearing a
black felt hat, a black overcoat and fairly
good black clothes, passed them going
east at the corner of Elizabeth and Houston.

“Why, there's the man now!” exclaimed
Reyman to the detective. “I remember
his big hollow eyes.”

The detective was sceptical, but Reyman
insisted that they talk to the man. When
they accosted him he tried to walk right
on. Reyman grasped the man’s right
arm and pulled his hand out of his overcoat
pocket. °

“That's he!” cried Reyman as he saw the
wounds on the man’s hand caused by the
showcase glaes the night before.

The man struck out savagely at Detective
Atwell as the officer tried to grasp him, and
his fist landed three times on the detective’s
face before the officer could draw a pocket
billy. Atwell struck the man three blows
upon the head and reached for his revolver
as the other man pulled his own weapon
from hia left hand overcoat pocket. The
man started to sprint up Elizabeth street.
Reyman, Atwell and Policeman Patrick
Bligh, who had been standing across the
street, took up the chase.

Atwell fired two shots toward the ground
early in the chase. The fugitive made no
sound except his persistent cough, and
although he swung his revolver as he ran
he made no‘use of it. At Bleecker street
he turned east toward the Bowery and
ran dangerously close to a southbound
Third avenue trolley car as he crossed
the Bowery diagonally and turned north.
In a few seconds there was a mob at his
heels.

As he reached Second street the pur-
suers were closing on him, but when he
faced around the hunters stopped abruptly
in front of his gun. The policeman and the
detective had climbed up the side of some
stone steps, at the foot of which the man
stoed, in order to grasp him from behind
when he turned the revolver upon his breast.
The automatic will continue, as long as the
finger is pressed to the trigger, to dis
charge its shots until empty., Three steel
bullets had gone clean through him before
his grip on the trigger loosened. Then he
slid to the pavement in a limp heap, his,
chin dropping on his wounded breast until
the blood covered his pale face as he lay.

The body was taken to the Mulberry
sreet station house. In the pockets were
a few gold sleeve links and one or two other
small pieces of jewelry. Mr. Reyman
said that none of it was his. He was quite
sure, however, that the dead man was the
original of the picture he and the detective
had picked out in the morning search.
The photograph was brought down from
the gallery and when the features of the
suicide were compared with it there was no
doubt in the minds of any one present that
the dead man wae William Madison, alias
Angus McPherson, a bellboy and former
member of the Seventy-first Regiment
during the Spanish war, who smashed the
show window of Robert Simpson & Co.'s
pawnsbop in West Forty-second street on
the afternoon of December 29, 1902, and
then scattered almost $10,000 worth of
jewels in the anow while being pursued
over Fortieth street.

The police had become convinced that
the suicide of yesterdaywas the same William
Madison, but last night Detective Sergeant
Faurot, the “thumb mark” expert of Head-
quarters, went to the Mulberry atreet
station and knocked out the identification.
Faurot had a paper on which were Madison's
thumb impression and his Bertillon meas-
urements, and both differed from those of
the suicide. Madison was sentenced in
January, 1903, to one year in the peniten-
tiary for the Simpson burglary and has not
come to the notice of the police here since
his release.

A large knife was found on Monday night
on Mount Vernon avénue, where it was
dropped by the burglar in his flight. i
terday when the body was searched an
empty case into which the knife fitted wae
found in a belt the man wore. ‘

——

 

PINEHURST. CAMDEN. FLORIDA

rd Ar iiss booed seed Wake quick nies
route. ow Vodyeraaer

 

 

 

+NEW YORK, WEDNES SDAY, DECEMBER 19. 1906 —Cepuriont, 1908, by The Sun Printing and Publishing Association.

 

BRYCE, DURANDS SUCCESSOR

 

His Appolatment as Ambassader Regarded

| as Likely In Washington.
WasuInNoTon, Dec. 18.--It is regarded as
probable here that the British Foreign

Office will soon announce that James Bryce,

now Chief Secretary for [reiand, will be ap-

pointed to succeed Sir Mortimer Durand
as the British Ambassador to this country.
There has been, however, no official in-
formation received in Washington. Before
any announcement of the selection is made
the British Government will ask the State

Department if the appointment of Mr.

Bryce would be acceptable. It is a foregone

conclusion that the selection would be per-

feotly acceptable.
The recent criticisms of the administra-
tion of his office by Sir Mortimer Durand
| which have appeared in the English press
have caused considerable surprise here,
where the Ambassador is very generally
liked and is regarded as one of the ablest
men in the Diplomatic Corps.

One of the chief things said against him
is that he is not familiar, to the extent he
should be, with- American affairs. As a
matter of fact there probably never has
been a foreign diplomatic representative
in Washington who knew more about cur-
rent events in American politics and com-
merce or who was more generally ac-
quainted with the officials of Washington,
and especially with members of Congress,
than the present head of the British mission
to this country.

_-.

STOLE FOR SANTA CLAUS.

Release of a Robbed Mother Who Just
Helped Herself.

A litle woman who gave her name as
Mrs. Kate Smith, 26 years old, and refused
to tell her eddress, was arraigned in the
Jefferson Market police court yesterday,
charged with stealing Christmas toys from
a Fourteenth street department store.
She was weeping, and the police said she
lad spent the night in tears in the station
house. Store Detective John Itzel arrested
her with the toys in her possession.

In court the prisoner admitted that she
had stolen the toys. She said her husband
had given her $10 to buy Christmas presents
for their four little children. Shestarted out
and had her pocket picked. She knew
her husband had given her all the money
he could spare. The children were eagerly
expecting Santa Claus to bring them things.
She said the children appealed to her more
than her conscience. She took a large
doll for the oldest girl, 6 years old; a pair
of slippers for another, and a toy bear for
her little boy.

“It was the only way they could have
any Christmas,” she explained. ’

“If this woman's story is true,” said
Magistrate Steinert, “I'll get thé money
to pay the store for the goods stolen and
we'll let her go.”

Miss McCusker, the court probation
officer, offered to pay the money herself
at onoe, and several others in court offered
to contribute. Detective Itzel said if the
woman's story proved true the complaint
would be withdrawn. Miss McCusker went

 

erying because she had not come home
and her husband out hunting for her in the
hospitals. All her story was confirmed
and she was discharged. °

 

es sts ee ISS COIS

SHOTS AT MEXICAN

Mexicans, Supposed to Be of the Junta,
Fired Across the Rio Grande.

Eu Paso, Tex., Dec. 18. -Mexican soldiers

while gathering wood in a small forest along

the Rio Grande River, the international

SOLDIERS,

 

bush this afternoon by a party of Mexicans
concealed on the American side of the river.
One of the Mexican troops was wounded,
but the troops did not return the fire, as they
had no arms with them at the time.

The Mexicans who fired the shots were
seen torun away shortly after the attack.
The E) Paso officers were at once notified
and they gave permission to the Juarez
officers to cross the river and come on to
American territory to assist in hunting
down the assassins.

No motive can be assigned for the outrage
unleas it was committed by members of
the Mexican revolutionary junta, many of
whose local members are now in the El Paso
jail. There was a strong junta here, ac-
cording to the papers captured when the
headquarters were raided, and among
ethers a Captain in the Mexican army was
arrested.

Antonio Villareal, publisher of Regen-
evacion at St. Louis, and Lauro Aguirre,
editor of a socialistic Mexican paper in this
city, were also arrested when the raid was
made, and they are in jail here with other
suspects, Still, it is known that many
members of the junta are at large, and the
official can only account for the attack
this afternoon by reasoning that it comes
from members of the junta who are atill
at large. .

The Mexican troops have been gathering
™m their winter wood supply for several
days and the revolutionists knew that they
could be taken by surprise

 

 

B ‘Tv WASTERSON FINED 4.30.
His Publisher Suffers Equally for Contengpt
in Gillette Case.

Herikimer, N. ¥., Dec. 18.--The extraor-
dinary term of the Supreme Court, at which
Chester Gillette was tried and convicted of
the murder of Grace Brown, was recon-
vened this afternoon for the purpose of
taking up the case of the three representa-

tives of the New York Morning Telegraph
who were indicted for contempt because of
comment published after the close of the
Gillette trial.

Clarence J. Shearn and ex-Senator Mills
appeared yesterday for the defendcents and
interposed a demurrer, but when the matter
came up at 1 o'clock to-day Mr. Shearn an-
nounced that,the defendants desired to
plead guilty. He asserted again that there
was no intention at the time the article was
written to bring the Court into contempt.
The Court acoepted the plea of cuiltv and
then imposed fines of $50 epch on Cary, the
publisher, and Masterson, the writer. The
proceeding againet Lewis, thé editor, was

| dismissed. He is ill in New York.

In imposing sentence the Court aaid that
the fact that the, defendants made a
pa to the Court was taken in miti-

| gation of the offence. This sentence was

! no indication of what punishment for any
future criminal contempt should he, but
merely a nominal fine.

Mr, Cary paid ne

Ce a

Ta

 

 

. Fair to-day

oe

 

—

 

 

 

GOV. HUGHES'S MILITARY STARE | ACCIDENT DELAYS TRAVEL.

. ® Thousands of Passengers Held on the Erie

Rallread.
COL. TREADWELL MILITARY SEC-|
Thousand megoing Jersey com-
RETARY—GEN. HENRY STAYS. Rowsnnde of hemageng comey os

muters were held in Jersey City for nearly
| - three hours last night through an accident
| @el. Marvin Becomesan Alde.de-Camp With

 

 

 

with the woman and found four children |

boundary line, were fired upon from am- |

to the locomotive of a local express on the
sensors Ret, Crosnoes endl Monsen | 209 DG Sa, ‘Tes tein woe jun cosscing
ie " e n was just en

ww ave Wi Gap out | the Jersey City tunnel on its westward trip
when the side rod on the locomotive snapped
in two. This occurred at 5:21 o'clock.

i A wrecking crew was sent from Jersey
City and after another engine had hauled

as Legal Adviser te the Governor.

Governor-elect Hughes ‘announced last
night these appointments to his military

stan:
Brig. Gen.
General.
Cal, George Curtis Treadwell, Military Secretary.
Col. Selden Frastus Marvin, Aide-de-Camp.
Major Gatus Barrett Rich, Jr., Alde-de-Camp.
Major Frederick M. Crossett, Alde-de- Camp.
Major Frederic P. Moore, Aide-de-Camp.
DETAILED FROM THE NATIONAL GUARD A® AIDES
DE CAMP
Lieut,-Col, Charles Edmond Davis» Tenth Regt-
ment.

ee ea

Nelson Herrick Henry, Adjutant-

 

Major Charlies Joseph Wolf, Seventy -fourth
Regiment.
Capt. Albert Henry Dyett, Twenty second Regt

ment, Engineers.

Capt. Herbert Barry, Squadron A.

Capt. Charles Alonzo Simmons, First Separate

Company.

Capt. Charles Healy, Sixty-ninth Regiment.

Capt. Elliot Bigelow, Jr., Second Company, Sig

nal Corps.
| Capt, William Royde Fearn, Regimental Quarter

master, Seventy -first Regiment.
| Capt, John Henry Ingraham,

Jutaat, Twenty third Regiment

Capt, Fdwin Havens Tracy, Sixth Battery.

First Lieut. Howard Kirk Brown, Troop D.

DETAILED FROM THR NAVAL MILITIA,

Commander Robert Pierpont Forshew, Second

Battalion.

Col. Treadwell, whe succeeds Col. Marvin
| as military secretary, is appointed to the
office he held under Gevs. Black and Roose-
velt. Col. Treadwell is a native of Albany
and was graduated from Yale in 1803. He
joined the Nationa] Guard as a private in
the Third Signa! Corps.

Gen. Henry is reappointed.

Major Rich was graduated from Yale in
1897 and served as a Lieutenant in the Sixty-
sixth Regiment in the Spanish war.

Major Croseett is treasurer of the publish-
ing firm of F. M. Crossett & Co. He is a
private in the Seventh Regiment.

Major Moore, also a member of

Regimental Ad-

the

of F. P. Moore & Co. of 71 Broadway.

Mr. Hughes also announced that Ernest
Wilson Huffcut would be appointed his
legal adviser. Mr. Huffeut has held this
post the greater part of Gov. Higgins’s
term. He is the dean of the law faculty of
Cornell and was selected to fill the chair in
that university which was left vacant by
Mr. Hughes when he resigned the professor-
ahip to go into active law practice.

 

 

. S. INDICTS TOLEDO REBATERS.

Ann Arber Railroad and Ice Company Com-
posed of Its Officials Face 155 Charges.

TOLED:, Ohio, Dec. 18.— The United States |
Grand Jury this afternoon returned 155
indictments against the Ann Arbor Railrgad |
for giving rebates, and a like number against
the Toledo Tce and Coal Company for re+
ceiving the rebates.

The Judge, when he excused the jury,
told them to be ready for further work.
District Attorney Sullivan intimated that |
| the Pére Marquette road would be ex-
| amined next.

The Grand Jury found that the Toledo

 

Ice and Coal Company was composed of
| Ann Arbor officials: Wellington H. Burt,
president; H. W. Ashley, general manager;
| W. HB, Bennett, general freight agent; J. A.
Miller, purchasing agent; W. F. Bradley,
superintendent; O. R. Richards, chief engi-
neer, and M. D. Fohey, trainmaster.
The extent to which competitors of the
| ice company were discriminated against
by the railroad was shown by freight bills
unearthed by United States officials. From
| Whitmore Lake to Toledo a rate of 30 cents
a ton on ice was made to the Toledo Ice
and Coal Company. George Schuller, a
Toledo ice dealer, paid 50 cents a ton, a
difference of $4.a car. It is alleged that
upon the arrival of the ice the bills of com-
petitora were corrected to scale weights,
while those of the Toledo company were
based on minimum car loads, thus gaining
a further difference of from $2 to $3 a car-
load.

MINER'SELEVENTH DAY IN TOMB

 

 

 

'
Work of Rescuers Hampered by Dangerous
Ground—He Loses Courage.

BAKERSFIELD, Cal., Dec. 18.—The rescue
of L. B. Hicks, the miner entombed for
eleven days in a cavein in the Edison tunnel,
has been delayed again and the man wij] be
compelled to remain in his living grave
for gt least twenty-four hours longer.

It was thought by the rescuers they would
be able to reach Hicks to-day, as there was
but eight feet of ground to go through.
On nearing the exact location of the prisoner
it was found there was danger of loosening
a boulder hanging from the roof of the cave
in which Hicks is confined. Hicks is still
directing from the inside the work of the
men laboring to save his life. It was he
who discovered that the boulder was giving
way.

The rescue party then started to dig
from a new angie, but was again stalled
on dangerous ground.

Hicks had been in the best of spirits so
| far, but to-night he lost his courage and
| pleaded piteously for the men to hurry.
| It is feared the cave will collapse before he

can be saved. Milk and soups are still
being fed to him through a steel pipe.

!
'

 

 

FEAR 4 “MAINE DISASTER.”
Honolulu Hears That Jap Squadron Won't
Go to San Francisco.
sSpectal Cable Despatch to Tax Sun

HONOLULU, Dec. 18.—The Japanese Con-
sul here says that the visiting squadron
which will arrive in Honolulu in February
will not proceed to San Francisco, as origi-
nally intended, because a repetition of the
Maine disaster is feared owing to the
alleged overwrought condition of American
feeling.

BORN

 

{7 SEA, LIVED AT SEA,

And at the Age of 43 Died at Sea and Was
Buried at Sea.

Capt. Scott of the British tank steamship |

Narragansett, which arrived here yesterday
from London, reported that on Monday
the ship's second steward, J. H. Stewart,
died of consumption and was buried at sea.
Stewart was born on the ocean while his
| parents were on the way from England to
} Australia on a -- vessel forty-three
j years ago. He had a ship's cabin
voy and steward ever since he was a lad,
and always said that he wanted to die at
sea and be buried as he was on Monday.

He had no relativ living that he knew of.
aa ie
aa at

Seventh, is at the head of the banking firm |

away the coaches the wreckers got at the
disabled locomotive. Although they had
torches the tunnel was so dark that they
made little headway in detaching the broken
pieces of the machinery. It was 7 o'clock
before the tunnel blockade was lifted.
More than fifty passenger trains, most
of them running to suburban points, are
scheduled to leave Jersey City during the
time the brokea locomotive stood in the
tunnel. The trains were made up as usual
and backed down for passengers until all
the tracks at the station were full. The
station then filled up rapidly with com-
muters who weren't able to find their trains
and who waited impatiently until) the tieup
was cleared.

INVESTMENTS BY MRS. SAGE,

| Loan of %1,500,000 on New Trust Co. of

j America Property.

| Mrs. Russell Sage loaned $1,500,000 yester-

! day to the Lands Purchase Company of
| 135 Broadway on.a piece of property on
the south side of Wall street just west of |
William, on which the company i« now
erecting the new Trust Company of America |
building. The mortgage on the property
is at 444 per cent., due February 1, 1910.
Mrs. Sage recently loaned $2,500,000 on the

Park Row Building, $1,200,000 on the New

 

York Hippodrome and $1,650,000 on the
Hotel Breslin. +All of these loans were at
4% per cent. and due February |, 1910.

It was announced after the Hotel Breslin
loan that Mrs. Sage would loan no more
money. -

CHAIRMAN €ONNERS PRETTY SICH

 

Threatened With Pneumonia and Trained
Nurses Called In.

Chairman W. J. Conners of the Demo-
cratic State committee, who has been in
bed in the Waldorf-Astoria since last Sunday
with a severe cold, was so much worse last
night that Dr. Beaman Douglass, who is
attending him, was afraid that pneumonia
would develop. His condition necessitated
the employment of trained nurses yester-
day and if there is no improvement in his
condition to-day other physicians will be
called in consultation.

Several up-State leaders who had ap-
pointments with Mr. Conners for yesterday
called at the hotel, but they were not al-
lowed to see him or to send any communica-
tions to him.

; Dr. Douglass stayed at tne Waldorf all

night. He sent word down to the newspaper

men that he was not staying on Mr. Con- |

was in no danger.

|

| EXPECT TO CONVICT OIL TRUST. |

;
|
| ners's account, and that the State Chairman
|
i

Attorney-Gieneral Believes Hepburn Rate |

Law Won't Save the Standard.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 18,.—Attorney-General
Bonaparte said to-day that he believed the

Government would be able to make a suc- |

for accepting rebates from railroad com-
panies, in apite of the contention of counsel
for the defence that the Hepburn rate law,
which became effective August 28, stopped
prosecutions of suits brought after that
date under the rebate and other interstate
commerce laws.

A conference was held this evening
between Mr. Bonaparte, United States
District Attorney Sims of Chicago, Mr.
Purdy, Assistant to the Attorney-General,
and Mr, Wilkerson, special Government
counsel in the Standard Oil cases. Mr,
Sims submitted the brief filed by him in
the United States District Court at Chicago
in the Standard Oil prosecution and after
examining this the other conferees ex-
pressed themselves as satisfied with the
status of the prosecution.

| cessful prosecution of the Standard Oil
|
i
|
|
i

 

TRIPLE ALLIANCE UNBROKEN.

Itallan Minister Says It Guarantees the
Peace of Eurepe.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN

Ror, Dec. 18.--In the Chamber of
Deputies to-day Signor Tittoni, Minister
of Foreign Affairs, declared that the Triple
Alliance was unshaken. Italy's friendship
with Germany and Austria waa as strong
| as heretofore.
| The three nations, he said, were striving
to render the alliance acceptable to public
opinion, especially in Italy and Austria.

 

Italy's friendship with Great Britain was |

not threatened by the alliance, as in the
event of an Anglo-German conflict Italy
need not necessarily be implicated.
same could be saidin reference to France.

 

Alliance was a guarantee for the peace
of the world.
MURPAY AS STATE LEADER

 

Considering Whom He Shall Name to Lead
Assembly Minority.

The new leader of the Democratic minority
in the Assembly will, acoording to state-
ments credited to Charles F. Murphy, be
either Alfred E, Smith of the Second district
of this county or James Oliver of the Third
district. William H. Burns of the Fourth
had the backing of Borough, President
Ahearn, but Mr. Smith with the aid of Tom
Foley obtained a half promise from Mr.
Murphy that he should be the leader. When
the Sullivans heard of this they objected
and submitted the name of Jimmy Oliver.
Mr. Murphy asked for a few days tothink it
over.

The last minority leader from this county
was Thomas F. Donnelly in 1898. But the
most interesting point in the whole thing 4s
the general understanding that Charles F.
Murphy is to name the leader. One of
David B. Hill’s prerogatives was the selec-
tion of the Democratic leader in the As-
sembly.

a

 

| ROCKEFELLERS NOT IN CONGO,

 

The Rev. Mr. Aked Says He Has Assurance
of John D. for the Whole Family.
Special Cable Despaich to TAR Suy.
Lonpon, Dec, 18.—The Rev, Charles F, Aked
of Liverpool, who has under cofisideration
a call to the pastorate of the Fifth Avenue
Baptist Church, New York, said to-day that
when he was in New York recently Mr.
Rockefeller had assured him that neither
he nor any member of his family had as
much as a penny piece in the recent con-
ceasion of Congo Free State territory made

to an American rubber ayndjcate,

iw

ss citi ll a i i ie i fas hc: iy ey

The |

Hence, Signor Tittoni concluded, the Triple |

WapnNEsDaT, DECEMBER 19, 1906,

and to-morrow;-warmer
to-morrow, |

   

PRICE TWO CENTS. f

ADMINISTRATION WEN LEAD.

SMALL HOPE FOR SUCCESS OF
» POLICY HOLDERS’ TICKETS,
Se
But Untermyer Insists That the Count Will
Show Some Unexpected Results—Pro-
tests the Proxies Cast by New York
Life Omicials—Quieter at the Mutual.-

The election for trustees in the New
York and Mutual life insurance companies
is over;and the indications are that the
administration tickets have been victorious
over those of the policyholders’ associa -
tions. For the New York Life a olaim is
made of a pltrality of more than 100,000,
while the Mutual officials say they have
a margin of more than 160,000. State
Superintendent Kelsey says the New York
Life’s administration victory is “over-
whelming.”

The men in the international policy-
holders’ committee by no means admit
defeat and put forward figures to back

(up their side, The actual vote will not
j be known for some time, however.

| The most careful sort of figuring last
i night by both sides shows that about
| 440,009 votes and proxies were cast in
| the New York Life’s election. It is known
| absolitely that 192,000 of these are votes
!
|

 

that were sent to the home office of the
company. The officials of the company
assert that from 89 to 90 per cent. of these
votes are in favor of the administration
ticket. The international policyholders’
committee say that by means of a postal
card canvass of votes they have learned
that at least 40 per cent. of this vote is for
their ticket. If they are right, the policy-
holders have won by a vote of between
7,000 and 12,000!
More than 127,000 ballots were sent to
the office of the committee end yesterday
forwarded to the polling place in large
| wooden boxes. The committee also de-
| livered 7,000 proxies. The proxies sent in
by the administration amounted to 114,000.
| It will, of course, be some time before
the canvass is finished and it is known
just how the vote stands and what truth
| there is in the policyholders’ committee's
contention.
The same condition prevailed at the
|

offices of the Mutual. There were 207,000
ballots sent into the home office of this
company. The international committee
delivered at the polls yesterday 103,000
ballots that. had been collected at their
office. They also sent in 5,000 proxies.
The Mutual officials sent in 30,000 proxies,
according to General Counsel James Mo-
Keen, but other people on duty in the poll-
ing place yesterday say that only a little
over 15,000 proxies were delivered by the
company. With Mr. McKeen's figures on
the proxies the total vote in the Mutual
amounts approximately to 345,000.

George P. Dexter, the vice-president;
speaking for the administration, said that
its ticket has won by about 150,900 votes.

The international managers claim 39
| per cent. of the vote sent direct to the office
| of the company. Samuel Untermyer says
| that the company had only 15,000 proxes

 

and figures on this basis that the policy-
holders’ ticket has won by between 7,000
land 10,000 votes. Manager Scrugham
| and Andrew (. Gray, also of the ittee,
figure on a big decrease due to lective
ballots in the company count and claim
the election by 19,000 votes.

The international committee managers
have protested proxies as fraudulent and

| forged and Samuel Untermyer hos declared -

| that he will take the matter to the courts.
Mr. Untermyer was at the New York Life
polling place all day yesterday and protested
many proxies. Mr. Untermyer's law part-
ner, Louis Marshall, was at the Mutual
and did likewise.

There was great rejoicing at the offices
of the companies last night, and all those
identified with the administrations were
sure that they had won easily. No votes

| were counted yesterday.
| The officials of the New York Life made
the following statement

“We claim the election of the entire ad-

}
{
!
|
|

ministration ticket. The majority polled
for twenty-three of the twenty-four men
on the administration ticket will, we believe,
run from 100,000 upward

“Mr. L. F. Dommerich, who was nome

to succeed Mr.
received the

inated only a week ago,

Ewald Fleitmann, deceased,

votes cast by proxy only. For him some-
thing over 105,000 votes were cast. In
addition we turned over to the inspectors

192,000 ballots sent by policyholders direct
i to the home office. This makes @ total of

about 300,000, including those cast by the

administration proxy committee. ‘The
total vote cast is probably in excess of
400,000.”

William Nelson Cromwell, who acted

as chief counsel for the New York Life
officials and who represented them at the

ee all day, made this statement last
night
fhe number of bailote received at the
home office and delivered by the administra-
j tion to the inspectors of election was 192,568,
| and the votes by proxy cast for the adminis-
tration ticket were 114,000, making a total
| of %06,000
!

From the fact that the ballots in favor of
the administration have generally been sent
to the home office and those in favor of the
international committee to the office of the
latter, it is reasonable to presume that =
least from 80 to 90 per cent. of the ballots sent
to the home office are in favor of the admin-
istration ticket, which makes a total adminis-
tration vote of considerably over 250,000

Both Mr. Untermyer and Mr. Scrugham,
who cast the votes of the international com-
mittee, stated under my public questioning
upon the tender of their votes that they did
not know how many votes they were casting,
and could not state. [ make no comment
upon this curious statement, but I have
every reason to believe that the total vote
of the international committee does not ex-
ceed 150,000. I believe that the administra-
tion ticket has been carried by 100,000, after
making all allowances for errors and duplica-
tions. The fact that the representatives of
the int@rnational committee would not state
the number of votes which they presented
in boxes and which it will be a physical
impossibility to count for some weeks gives
assurance at least that they were not sufi-
clent to overcome the publicly declared
vote in favor of the administration, or they
would have at once disclosed it.

Vice-President George P. Dexter of the
Mutual was more or leas elated over what
he said was a certainty that the adminia-
tration ticket in his conypany had been

 

 

| otmere

“There is absolutely no doubt that the
administration ticket has polled 226,000
votes, while the opposition has got about
7§,000 or at the most 89,000 votes, and more
thanthirty ofthe administrationpandidates
for trustess have Ae Ate of