“VOL. LXXVL—NO. 158,

SR

FISCHER-HANSEN CAST OFF

DEMANDED MORE MONEY APF-
rER SEPARATION FROM WIPE.

kane 3. Brokaw, the Father-in-Law,
Washed His Hands of Him at That
and Told Jerome About 1t—Rearrest
sustained and Habeas Dismissed.

fact that Carl Fischer-Hansen

and his wife, @ daughter of Isarc V.

Krokaw, had signed a separation agree-

ment with en allowance to the husband,

that he had struok for more money and

that Mr. Brokaw takes no further in-

terest in his son-in-law’s affairs came

out in the Supreme Court yesterday. |
District Attorney Jerome, who was re- |
sisting ® motion for the attorney's re- |
jease on bail, told the Court why he had }
heen led to believe that once at liberty
the prisoner would not apperr to be
tried for bribing a witness.

The prisoner was before the
on a writ of habeas corpus.

“It came to my Knowledge,” said Mr.
Jerome to Justice Gerard, “and I am au-
thorized to make this statement without
committing any hreach of confidence,
that Fischer-Hanseu's father-in-law, Mr.
Brokaw, a wealthy and much reapected
citizen of this county, and his wife, Mrs.
Fischer-Hansen, daughter of Mr. Brokay,
were in treaty with this defendant as to
a separat between Fiecher-Honsen
and his wife.

“It was agreed that this privoner shoula
separate from his wife and give her the |
ewustody of their child and receive a cer-
tain sum during his own life. The evi-
dence against him seemed to be of such |
4 character that it appeared to me over- |
whelming and such an egreement having
been made and the prisoner's father-
in-law being willing to pay up the $15,000
bail bond and apparently willing to do
or pay anything to get rid of this de-
fendant ane provision having been made |
‘or his support in foreign parts, if he re- |
nained absent from the State for six
months the witnesses for the People
sould have disappeared and he could
eave returned here with impunity.

While I was deliberating what to do
‘lr. Brokaw telephoned me that the

‘isoner, not content with what he had
ered to do for him, had made a strike

The

Court |

eer ee a

a a ne re n= nn et te

Parpay, FesRvarr 5; 1900.
Fair and warmer to-day; rain to-morrow; ©

moderate

to brisk southwesterly
winds.

NaNO

++NEW YORK. FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1909,—copyrions, 1909, by The Sun Printing and Publishing Association.

— ———— a ee ETE

‘GOW JURY DISAGREES, 8 104
MISTRIAL ON CHARGE THAT

Hansen and Mrs, Fischer-Hansen, con-
taining the customary legal provisions,
except that Mra, Hansen agreed to give
Mr, Hansen an annual income to save
the family further annoyance from him.
After the agreement was signed Mr.
Hansen repudiated it and requested '
mere money a ae as = family | Justice Crane Lets Jurymedh Ge After
not care to ve any further oon- | : - y
nection with Fischer-Hansen, and we | rane weaere " anarenee pd
notified Mr. Jerome that Hansen would Four of Them Were fer Conviotien
have to get new bail. Mr. Jerome was | * Gow Meleased Under #29,000 Balt,
fully advised of all the facts and stated | The jury which has beef trying Will-
iam Gow for the last two weeks for the

them in court with our consent and at)
our request. There was no suggestion

larceny of $115,000 from the Borough
Bank announced eat 2:15 o'’clook this

of obstructing in any way the orderly
course of justice, either in the agreement

'GAS MONEY BACK FEB, 98

| en

‘THAT DATE LIKELY TO SEE
THE DISTRIBUTION BEGUN. |

| BRIDGE WORKER'S DIZZY SWING

| At the End ef 188 Foot Rope He Swayed
Above the Biver—Unhburt,

Patrick Grady, painter, swinging him-

self and his buckets along on a bos'n's

ohair among the trusses of the Queens- | ——

mace — V feet above ere Mandate of the Federal Supreme Court

nd yesterday morning, encountered | ~ ;

a wire rope that blocked his advance. | Reccived Mere mony poy gt

He stood up and was trying to work hie| Needed-Tangies Expect er De.

chair around the rope when he lost his! = cedents and Dissolved Partnerships,
balance and pitched overboard. | .

‘As he fell pi grabbed for the rope that The mandate of the United States

Supreme Court in the gas case reached

here late yesterday, und this morning

ha@ bothered him. He caught it, but his
Judge Lacombe in the United States Circuit

weight caused the end of the rope to
slip off the end of a steel timber to which

TAFT BUSY ON INAUGURAL,

Hopes the Canal Will Be Finished Before
He Leaves the White House,
Special Cable Despatch to Tue SUN.

PanaMa, Feb. 4.—Mr. Taft spent w-
day at the house of Col. Goethals at Cule-
bra writing his inaugural address,

In a speech to the Red Crosse Society
last night Mr. Taft declared that there
was no doubt in bis mind now that a
ship would go through the canal before
January 1, 1915. He even hopes that
the canal will be finished before the ex-
piration of his term of office.

Mr. Taft made arrangements for the
shipment to Washington of a big relief

or on the part of Mr. Brokaw, and any
such insinuation is unwarranted, We
do not believe that Mr. Jerome intended
to make any such insinuation as reported
in the papers) Mr. Brokaw is glad to
have the public know of the position of
his family in regard to Fischer-H4neen,.”
IN THE

Gia ROLE SENATE,

Criticism of the President,
WasHINGToN, Feb. 4.—Senate rules
designed to protect the President, the
judiciary and administrative officials |
of the Government generally from the

morning that it had disagreed. It was
out a little more than nine hours.

When the jury filed in before Justice
Crane in the Supreme Court in Brooklyn
Foreman William Walker announced that

| the final vote stood eight for acquittal
‘and four for conviction. Justice Crane
decided to accept the decisionof the jury,

| Lodge Offers One to Head Of Tillman's | and Gow was at once released on $27,000

bail, the old bail standing. Gow bas been
|on trial in connection with the organiza-
| tion of the International Trust Company,
The case went to the jury vesterday

it had been fastened, and in a second
Grady found himeelf swinging from the
bridge like a pendulum, for the other end
of the wire waa attached to the minaret
at the tip of the bridge tower, 136 feet
above the painter's head,

Luckily for Grady, the cloth sheathed
loop at his end of the rope was still there.
He caught it with both hands and hung

on while he swung out over the East |

River, back past the bridge tower to the
island, and out over the river again.
While the arc lessened, five bridge workers
scrambled up the tower and began pulling
} at the wire rope from above, They pull
| Grady with it, and presently other work-

Court will sign the final order directing
the distribution of the money deposited
by the Consolidated Gas Company, in
whose suit the decision of the Supreme
Court was rendered

Judge Lacombe has had several con-
sultations with John A, Garver, counsel
for the company, over the plan for dis-
| tributing the money and the plan finally
decided upon will be incorporated in
the decree which will be made public
this morning.
date decided upon for the beginning of
the distribution is February 23.

map showing the canal in miniature, It

PRICE TWO CENTS.
BARS JAPANESE STUDENTS

CALIFORNIA ASSEMBLY PASSES
SPPARATE SCHOUL BILL,

President Telegraphs Gov, Gillett That

This Is the Most Ofensive Bill of
| All and That It's Unconstitutional,
and He Asks; “Can It Be Stepped?”

SACRAMENTO Cal,, Feb. 4,—Late this
afternoon Gov. Gillett received this
despatch from President Roosevelt:

“What is rumor that California
Legislature has passed bill excluding

It was learned that the |

will be hung in the reception room of the : :
White House exeoutive offices for the in-|7#Panese children from public schools?

struction of callers, The map was one| This is the most offensive bill of all, and
of the exhibits at the Jamestown Kxpo-jin my judgment is clearly unoonstitu-
melee. len Mr, Toth tional, and we should at once have to
© engineers accompanying Mr. Tall) gegt jt, j eT
again inspected the locks on the Pacific in courts, Can it be stopped te
side to-day Legislature or by veto?”
a _| What reply the Governor made he
NEW WAY TO ELECT SENATORS | would not divulge. He called a conference
Proposed in Wisconsin Legisiatare—S¢- of leaders in both houses in an effort
phenson Not Elected Yet. to devise plans for beating the bill to-
Map1son, Wis., Feb. 4.—Senator Ste-| Morrow when it comes up for recon-
phensgon lacked four votes of election to-| sideration, If this fails then the Governor

|

jafternoon at 5 o'clock. The jury came|men leaning from the trusses were able

animus of personal attack on the floor ] : ;
of the Senate are likely to be adopted |in at 10:30 o'clock last night and asked /|to catch him as he swung and pull him
on the suggestion of Senator Lodge of ;to have sections of the testimony read | to the bridge.
Massachusetts. Mr, Lodge offered aito them, Then they resumed their | He was winded and scared, but not
resolution to-day which proposed sev- deliberations j burt. The foreman gave him the rest of
eral new rules for the conduct of the! At 1240 the jury filed into the court | the day off. In Long Island City he found
Senate, including one which forbids in | room agin, Just ice Crane said: be wife, whom somebody had notified
debate offensive references to any at “Thia has been a lorig trial aud we! OY telephone that her husband was dead.
inate branch of the Government. It| don't want to disagree if we can help it. | 5 - £ :
Was conjectured that this rule was aimed | Won't you pi trv? Is there ans | € PLACE FOR Wa. Ee, 1h
at the restriction of a speech promised | chance for an agreement?” it Is Now Practically Settied That He Vill
by Senator Tillman of South Carolina! «{ hardly think 50,” replied Foreman | Be Collector at This Port,
in which he was expected to assail the | William H. Walker Wasnrnaton, Feb. 4.~Friends of Will-
President in retort for his criticism of After asking for the $145,000 check and a‘ jam Loeb, Jr. secretary to the President
him in connection it to S
Oregon land deal. ito their room. Justice Crane announced | jty, that he will be appointed Collector
Mr. Tillman announced after making | that he would not look the jury up for the jof Customs for the Port of New York
his defence in the Senate that he would | night, but would remain in his chambers | after the expiration of President Rooae-
reply more personally to the President|to hear the verdict whenever one was|velt’s term of office. Mr. Loeb's name
when he was more physically able, and | found lee been mentioned frequently also in
it ia understood that he has been marshal-' Jn his summing up Martin W. Little-! connection with the Assistant Treasurer-
ling, information in preparation for tho ton, attorney for Mr. Gow, strongly at- | ghip of the United States, the Postmaster-
event. Whether the Lodge rule can be | tgoked the testimony of one of the State's | ship at New York and other offices below
put through the Senate in time to head witnesses, Campbell, who was cashier Cabinet rank, but the statement to-day
off the South Carolina Senator, if that of the bank, and then told in some detail! that Mr. Loeb will succeed Col, B. 8.
ls ite purpose, is & question, The Demo- | of the organization of the International | Fowler in the Collectorship is believed to
cratic Senators have been running some- | Trust Company and the consolidation of be conclusive
thing of a filibuster in heading off the | j with the Borough Bank and the Brook- ne
confirmation of the nomination of Dr. |jy. Bank--a consolidation which he char-|_ TH SUN reported on
Crum as Collector of the Port of Charles- acterized as an “honest enterprise.” | President-elect Taft had selected William
ton, in deference to the wishes of Senator | 1+ was evident, Mr. Littleton said, that | Loeb, Jr., President Roosevelt's secretary,
Tillman as well as their own feelings, Mr. Gow thought the $145,000 was to coma | t2 be Collector of the Port of New York,

At firat it was hoped to begin it next
week, but the representatives of the
company explained that they would have
to hire a large force of accountants and
instruct them before the payment could
begin. It will also be necessary, for
United States Commissioner Shields to
appoint an auditor for each place of
payment. These jobs are bound to last
a year or more, In the decree to be
| iasued it will be announced that the dis-
| tribution of the money is made over the

with the Senator's definition of larceuy the jury went beck | announced to-day, evidently with author- Company's protest and shall not preju- |

dice any new suit the company may
commence.

| The amount involved iu to-day’s order
ia about $7,000,000. The other com-
| panies, however, have decided to make
| only »« forma! protest against the dirn+
| tribution of the $5,000,000 or so hele for
| them, but before a distribution of this
ean be directed the city must make a
formal motion to dismiss the injunctions,
| Thia will be done before Judge Noyes

in the New Amsterdam company's suit |

'to-day. It is probable that payment

Tuesday that! of the rebate to consumers of all com- |

ponies will begin on the same day.

| It turned out yesterday that the orig- | Legislature Votes Overwhelmingly Acainst

| inal decree of the Supreme Court had

and they may employ similar tactica,

out of the “chairman's account” held by | There were conferences in this town yer-| been arnended so as to reserve the right

day when the sixth joint ballot was taken.
He received 62 out of 130 votes. There
were three absentees.

An election bill introduced in the As-
sembly to-day proposes to repeal that
part of the primary election law with
reference to the nomination of United
States Senators and substitute in its
place the election of United States Sena-

tora by the direct vote of the people at |

the general election in November.

'TO SING IN GRAND OPERA,
| Secretary Witson's Daughter in This City
to Make Kagagemenis.
| Wassinoton, Feb. 4.—Miss Flora Wil-
‘son, daughter of the Secretary of Agri-
| ousbure, who returned recently from
five yeare study in Paris with Jean De
Reszke for grand opera and who has been
in Washington with her father for the
\ last fortnight, went to New York to-day
to make professions! engagements as a
singer. Miss Wilson will return here
jand act as hostess for her father at his
annual dinner to the President and Mrs.
| Roosevelt,

| the month. ys, Fa ae

WETS WIN IN MINNESOT 4.

Ceunty Optien Bill.
| MINNRAPOLIS, Minn., Feb, 4.~-That

which will be given later in;

which would delay legisiation, as the \iaywel) in the Borough Bank for the

|terday over this matter, and Chairman | of the Circuit Court “to proceed to make ‘there is little immediate danger of Minne-

can veto it,

Three anti-Japanese bills were con-
sidered in the Assembly to-day and two
were beaten. The only one which passed
was Grove Johnson's bill providing for
the segregation of Japanese children
and placing them in special Asiatic

| schools,

The bilis beaien were aiso suomiteed

| by Johnson, One provided that Japanese |
| must live within restricted districts, and

| the other prohibited aliens from being

,members of corporations doing business

{in thie State.

The school bill was popular with the
members, because in all the large towns
the teachera have had to wrestle with

j the problem of placing Japanese of ma-

ture years in seats alongside of girls tnd
| boys of tender yeors, The result has
been bad, and experience led to action
of the San Francisco Schooi Board two
years ago which called out a strong
Japanese protest.

At that time President Roosevelt prom-
ised that he would arrange the matter
with Japan, but as nothing has been done
| in these two years Californians naturally
feel sore, and this sentiment was reflected
in the vote of 68 to 26 in favor of the bill.
Even though this bill passes the Senate
Gov. Gillett is pretty sure to veto it.

Jobnson's other bills are scarcely worthy

|

tuinst him for more money. In fact
® prisoner was relying on his arrest |
id exposure to demand a raise to pre-

benefit of the trust company. Whether} Voodruff of the Republican State Com- | distribution of the fund which has accu-

joining the dry States was shown ‘ ;
Campbell did the right thing or not in| mittee, as well as Representative Herbert | mulated in its hands pursuant to the offer | £0%S Joining the ar) of consideration, as they are extreme

| to-day when the Legislature overwhelm-| measures, which would not pass, even
lingly defeated a bill for county option. | had President Roosevelt not made pro-

session is nearing a close, in order to
defeat the passage of the rule.
The resolution was referred to the

ent disgrace being brought upon an
honerable family and an innocent little
child, Instead of going abroad to live
» the money to be provided for him by
is father-in-law he was not ashamed
» strike his wife's family for a raise.

“All this was known to the prisoner's
counsel, and I told Justice Erlanger of
t in confidence last Saturday on the
vrevious hearing on a writ. Acting upon
‘hat I knew I had issued my warrant
tor the rearrest of the prisoner, and
whether that warrant was valid or not

atters little now, as his bail was dis-
harged and he was lodged in the Tombs.”

|his revelation came as a counterblast
the argument of Alexander Karlin,
who appeared as cougel for Fischer-Han-
-en before Justi Gerard to ask that

Committee on Rules, of which Senator
Lodge is a member, and a favorable report
is expected.

connection with the recording of the Parsons, president of the New York/ contained in the company's bill and by
| cashier’s check, Mr. Littleton said, should | Republican county committee, are con-/ reason of the terms of the injunction
| not be put up either to President Maxwell, | vinced that Mr. Loeb is to be Col, Fowler's | order heretofore granted by the court.”

| who is dead, or to Gow. It was not the| Successor pretty soon after March 4, The original decree said nothing about
iheirs of the McGuire estate nor the| Mt. Woodruff left town on personal busi-| the fund, and in its petition for a rehear-

| ness and is to be in Albany early in the

ing the company called attention to it

SENATE MAY RUM CASE, |
aRATE MAY BROF OR = CASE | Borough Bank, Mr. Littleton said, that
Tee Streng Opposition te His Confirma. | ¥43 prosecuting Gow, but Caimpbell,

tien as Collector at Charleston. j“to eacape the consequence of his own

F oa Sena | crime.”

no eensideratien toda eee | Mr. Littleton concluded bia speech at

There were many rumors of a tacit /!'45 and a recess was taken until 2
agreement by which his nomination should o'clock, when Assistant District Attorney
be allowed to quietly repose in moth balls | Elder opened his speech for the prosecu-
until March 4, which would put up to "00. In his address Mr, Eider repeated
President Taft the naming of a new man | the charges which were made against
as Collector of Customs at Charleston, OW: s
S. C. Many Republican Senators who “Gow was anxiotis to organize a big
are in favor of the confirmation of Dr, trust company on the New York side of

the river,” Mr Elder said, “because the |

| Crum are unwilling to block the business |
| Borough Bank was too small for the

week, Representative Parsons returned! and asked that it be preserved
to Washington, It was announced yesterday that in
For several months Mr, Loeb's future} paying off the company will insist upon
| has beeu vartously depicted. He was to} having the fullest proteétion. In other
be editor of the St, Paul Despatch or , words, it will insiat upon legal proof of
president of the traction companies in| claim. As a matter of fact the lawyers
Washington or to have @ place in Presi- | haven't yet figured out all the compli-
dent Taft's Cabinet, or to be Assistant | cations that are possible, but it was pointed |
| Treasurer of the United States when | out yesterday that undoubtedly many |
| George 8S. Terry's name was withdrawn, | of the persons whose names stand on the |
but itis now accepted by all interested that | books are dead. In these cases, to pro-
Mr. Loeb is to be Collector of the Port of | tect itaelf the company must insist upon |
New York . | proof that a claimant is the proper heir, |
| | Another troublesome class, whose case- |

\GETTING BACK AT BINGHAM. |

|It was a big victory for the opponents
i of prohibition. °
| The measure Was lost by a vote of 44
| to 73 and was voted upon with ebate.
The only progress which the Prohibi-
tionista have been able to make in this
State in a legislative way is the local
option act, passed several years ago,
which applies only to certain districts

and towns.

AMERICAN BOOK €O. OUSTED.,
State of Texas Accepts Verdict of $17,-
000 and Agreement to Quit State,

Austin, Tex., Feb. 4.—The ouster pro-
ceedings of the State against the Amer-

ican Book Company which have been
in progress for three days came to an

j tests against them.

| An effort was made to-day to recen-
sider the vote against the Drew bill pro-
hibiting eliens from owning land, but
| it failed by the close vote of 88 ta35. Drew
i# a Fresno raisin grower and he made a
personal canvess df

over a number of votes for his bill. He
is popular and thoroughly honest in his
belief that the Japanese are destined to
‘coe much of the best fruit land in. the
| State.

ov. Gillett issued a statement to-day
}expressing his approval of the Legisla-
|ture's action in turning down the Drew
| anti-alien bill yesterday. He said:

| “I am greatly pleased with the result
lof the vote on the Drew anti-alien bill
It shows that tae

‘abrupt end this afternoon

An agreed |for many reasons.

‘is chent be disc! ed from custody |
the ground that the District Attorney |
rad exceeded his powers in issuing a
warrant for Fischer-Hansen after the
\lter had once been admitted to bail
and that such action was unoonstitutional
nd in violation of the bill of rights.

Mr. Karlin strove in vain to stop Mr.
lerome after the latter had got started
vith his explanatory address to the Court,

of the Senate in order to attain the result.
Undoubtedly Mr. Taft's advisers have
been sounded in regard to the matter,
The story goes, if the issue were laid over
for Mr, Taft to decide he would see that

financial situation in which he found
himself. In that smal! bank he was loaded

up to the neck. He had to resort to dummy ,
| It isn't at all likely that Schmittberger's |

loans to get the money he needed for his

Aldermen Won't Let Oar Police Troepers
Parade at Taft's Inaugural,

may have to be adjudicated in the courts,
are those of dissolved partnerships. In
'the cases of some business concerns
now defunct the amounts runup near the
thousands.

, judgment was entered in favor of the State
| for $17,000 penalties and oufter from the

State. A restraining order was also
| isaned against the American Book Com-

operations, He had to resort to violations
f the law of this State.”
Mr. Elder said that Gow had sent a

A solution of the problem has been jorers statement to the Superintendent
suggested in the proposal to transplant of Banks on April °0, 1907, froin which

@ man was appointed Collector who was
not personally obnoxioti# to the people |°
of Charleston.

Dragoons, aa the mounted men of the
traffic squad are called, will parade at iy
Taft's inauguration, despite the fact
that Major Sylvester, superintendent
}of the Waghington police, has invited

The New Amsterdam Gas Company | pany of New Jersey. .
eased yesterday for one year from the | One of the principal reasons for the
| trustees of the Fourth Avenue Presby- | State compromising was that the com-
| terian Church the store and basement at j pany has no property in the State which
300 Fourth avenue. Folsom Bros. were | could be levied on in case larger penalties
l the brokers. The gas company will use | were obtained. The State sued for pen-

 

 

members of our Legislature appreciate
the fact that this is no trifling matter
and that they do not intend to pass radical
law which will greatly embarrass the
Federal Government in ite negotiations
with Japan.

“The friendliest relations exist between
the Japanese Government and ours, and 7
am glad to know that they will not be
disturbed by us. The defeat of the

|Dr. Crum to the District of Columbia | he omitted two $25,000 loans for which| them to and New York business men

vieading that what the District Attorney
measure was a wise move, because if

vas saying was irrelevant and scanda-
“is matter and not fit for the ear of the
curt in the present proceeding. Justice
‘erard interrupted to remark that as he
&'( not know what the District Attorney
as about to state he could not determine
‘hether or not it was irrelevant or scan-
‘lous, Then Mr. Jerome went on un-
idered after a remark that the Court
d ample power to revoke bail if it saw
‘at any time, to which Justice Gerard
enlied that such was oertainly the case.
| will not discharge this prisoner on
ry mere technicality, you may rest
sired,” said the Court.
When the District Attorney had con-
ded his statement he assured the Court
at all the facts in it were known to the
st yers for Hansen end that they could
si as easily have raised their present
otentions before Justice Erlanger on
iturday as now. He went on to say:
The only remedy from Justice Er-
ger's order (which committed Fischer-
‘ansen to the Tombs unless he would
gree to have the testimony of certain
‘\Inesses iaken before trial, and also
sed his bail at $25,000] would have been
' application for ita modification or an
‘nplication. to Justice Dowling, sitting
. the Criminal Term, from which the}
‘der committing the prisoner after |
“Ss indictment was originally issued.
* power of the District Attorney to |
see these warranta has been upheld |
over this State, It was given to meet |
‘st such emergencies as this.”
Mr

of

ga) situation, and he remarked in his |
sciternent that he was willing to admit |
of the District Attorney, acting as a |
eins” officer instead of an executive,
| power \o issue his warrant }

‘udiciour!" said Mr. Jerome laughing. settle in the night court,” said Lieut. Day. | of mind she deman

| am glad to know that I am considered |
“cious by my opponent even though
‘did act as a District Attorney.” |
lustice Gerard stopped this exchange |
pleasantries by peremptorily dismiss- |
"ethe writ of habeas corpus and remand- |
og Fischer-Hansen, who was very glum
‘srough the whole proceedings, to the,
stedy of the warden of the Tombs. |
‘!'s counsel could not say what their next |
"love would be. |
Mr. Jerome did not say that Mr. Brokaw
was 4 party to any proposal of Fisoher-
ansen to get out of the jurisdiction,
“it only that, being provided with money
‘or a separate maintenance, the prisoner |
"ad the opportunity along with the temp-
‘ation. Some published versions of what
“as said in court led Gifford, Hobbs &
“eard, attorneye for Isaao V. Brokaw,
'nd Mis, Fischer-Hansen, his daughter,
‘© give out the following statement:
The only agreement made with Mr.
“scher-Hansen was an agreement of
“*paration executed between Mr. Fischer-

| showed them the ehield at Broadway and| WANTED LEGISLATOR'S HEART.

Karlin tried to argue that the | was a detective and ordered them to ac- |
istrict Attorney did not understand the |/company him to the station house. |

and make him Recorder of Deeds of the ; he was responsible, and added perjury | have offered to put up $8,000 to pay for
District to succeed John C. Danoy, also | to the other crimes of which he accused} the trip. Little Tim Sullivan and other
a negro of North Carolina,who itis thought |the prisoner. After Justice Crane had | members of the Board of Aldermen who
has been amply recognized by being| made his charge seither counsel had | dislike Gen. Bingham won't let them.
retained in office two terms. The Demo- | @0y request to make of the Court, either; Major Sylvester has invited four New
cratic Senators would probably inter- |in the way of supplemental charging
pose no objections to this arrangement. oF of corrective elucidation of testinony|men, to act as an escort to President
It is likely that before the close of the {or law. The charge practically reduced | Roosevelt and President-elect Taft. Gen.

‘geasion to-morrow some understanding | the case to two considerstions, whether! Bingham was pleased, and he began,

will be reached for the final disposition Gow had procured the sending of the| making preparations for the trip. The
ot the Crum nomimation. Republican | $!45.900 cashier's check hy Campbell !men were willing to pay their own way
leaders expressed the opinion to-day |to make up the capitalization of the In- |and have the three days required for the

| the place to distribute its $1,200,000 rebate
‘fund. Some of the other companies ma

{use the place when the New Amsterdam
| is through paying out.

York police troops, or about 150 mounted! wars PUBLIC SERVICE BOARD. |

|

| Jucge Tacombe Says It Makes Itself
Judge, Jury and Sheriff,

ln besponse to an application for in-

| structions made by Receivers Joline and

| Robinson of the Metropolitan Street Rail-

y |

| alties approximating $3,000,000.

}CASTRO TO BE IMPEACHED.

|Charge, It Is Understeod, That He
Cabled an Order to Kill Gomez,

| Count Luigi Aldrovandi, Italian Chargé
d’Affaires at Caracas, Venezuela, who
jarrived yesterday by the steamship
— said he had got the impression
from the recent openhanded treatment
| that he had received at the hands of the

that if Mr. Tillman continued to obatruct | ternational Trust Company, and if so/trip deducted from their vacation, but | way Company concerning their attend- | Venezuelans under the provisional gov-
they would be compelled to yield on, whether this was done with intent to! citizens whose hobby is the traffic squad ance befdre the Public Service Commis- | ernment of Gen. Gomez that Venezuela
account of the stress of businees to be | defraud the rightful owner of the money | told Commissioner Bingham they would | gion Judge Lacombe of the United States | was going to treat all nations squarely.

prepared in the remaining days of the | or was done ina belief that he, Gow, contribute the money themselves.
seasion, Mr. Tillman shows no signs of | hada - do as he did in the re | 2 = ateareee bears ihe scheme
" ‘course of business the blocking of i gan. ere is an
relenting | The request which the jury made to! ordinance prohibiting the removal of
YOUNG BRICE A CRUSADER. j Justice Crane shortly before 11 o'clock | city moony = State. The Board
ae /was that he read to them the testimony of Aldermen could pass a_ resolution
Twe Women Bow to His Fire Badge and | given by Richard W. Jones, Jr., who oe |holding it up for a time if it wanted
Go to Court as His Prisoners. | president of the defunct Oriental Bank. | to, but President McGowan, Little Tim

Stewart M. Brice, Jr., the adopted son | 4t its conclusion, when the Court asked | Sullivan and others won't have any
of former ee eae eocsee lif there was anything further that they | resolution passed. ;
stepped up to t n the Tenderloin uired, there were two informe! and - Pr ;
police station last night with two women. | brief conferences, one between Jurors 1/7 RAIN AKILES SIX ITALIANS,

“Come, give ee Se he — | (the foreman) and 2,

“Not on your life,” said one of the Jurors 5 and 11, which gave to some ,
women. “We don’t know you as a de-' spectators the impression that the de- | Si tel aT alka: toa a killed
tective and if you had not flashed « shield | jjperation had found the jury divided into |. 4, juventh was badly hare eestan
we wouldn't have come.” lewo factions, with these two couples | *nd a ewer “? aan a oe

Have yeas shield?” ded | Lieut. Day. | respectively as representatives of the|ioomotive while they w ore renaisinn tas

“Yes, a fire badge, rice. | divergent views. in

| ee New York Central's railroad tracks a

According to the swo women Brice had 'few hundred feet north of the University
Heights station.

The accident occurred at a spot where a
bend in the Harlem River throws the
railroad tracks into a wide curve, making
it possible to see the approach of a train
for a long distance.

Joseph Yaranella, the foreman of the

Thirty-ninth street, announced that he Woman Visited Llinols State House and

Declared She'd Cut It Out,

| SPRINGFIRLD, Ill., Feb. 4--A woman,
dashing in appearance, creafed a sansa.
tional scene at the door of the Hall of
Representatives just before the ballot
on United States Senator was com-

“I don't know why I showed them the
badge, but I did not say I was a detec-
tive,” said Brice. He charged the women
with soliciting.

|
the other between New York Central Section Gang Were.

| women is not

“I'll leave this to Magistrate Breen to

“He's a friend of mine,” laughed Brice,

Brice gave his address as 200 West
107th street. The women said they were
Rose Anderson and Violet Le Conte.

Young Brice is the son of Mrs. Henry
Gey Evens, who married Stewart M. Brice
n 1906.

In the night court Magistrate Breen
failed to show that he knew young Brice
After the story the pagietes
ordered that Brice be charged dis
orderly conduct and said:

$ me Snaremer of fhe wwe
above reproach jeve
I discharge them and fi

their story. ne

you $10.”

Inventor Blinded by Explosien.

La Sau, Ill., Feb. 4.—While
a new explosive in the quarry of the Mar-
quette Cement Works to-day seven men
were injured by an explosion. Geor
f Now York, inventor of t:
es and his left arm
erely inj

Four men were
knocked unconscious.
Gonghe--" Brous’s Proneneas Troches” will soothe
the roat and stop the cough. Sold only tn bores,
Ae.

pleted to-day. In a highly agitated state
admission.

I want to see Lee O'Neil Browne,”
she cried hysterically. “I want cut
his heart out. He can’t fool me as fie has
togied ther women. ou it him.

oorkeepers, ass: y members
of the House, with difficulty restrained
the woman. Browne got word of her
presence and sent out a friend in an at-
tempt to pacify the woman, but she was a

eee a7qnne. ‘ the fenght &
rying and weepin ‘ought those
ho detained her. With difficulty she
94 led out of the State Houses.

r. Browne said that he knew the
woman and that the charges she made
wore false and that it was an attempt at
blackmail.

CARBOLIC FOR CASTOR OIL.

Columbia Student's Mistake Is Lékely to
Cost Him Ilis Life,

Dudley Latham, a law student at Co-
iumbia, took a dose of carbolic acid lasi
night in mistake for castor oil at his board-
ing house, 610 West 124th te He was
removed to Harlem Hospital seamed
to be in a dying condition,

8

Latham eare old. He is the so
of Dr. Latham of Weatherby, Pa rm

Ww
| w

,

gang, has the name of getting more work
out of his help than any other section bossa
in the division, and his squad of ten men
| were busy ‘when the engine came down
upon them. At the inquest last night
| Yaranella, who had been held on a charge
of criminal negligenoe, explained to Cor-
oner MoDonal t he had used his dis-
cretion about putting out a flagman, in
comapiiance with an order he received
last Tuesday which directed that watchers
were not to be used except on cloudy days
when a rail was taken up or when work
was being done on a bad ourve.

The engineer, H Van Dycke of 454
Mowe avenue, The Bronx, 2 that the
sm made an approach t
had ceased tes workenen on the t ei
until 8 ee oe ras ane
them. was then al
ga} hour, he said, and couldn't ae ec

Dyoke was held on a technical
ohas eo anise and Yaranella for
cr
The dead ~~.
Parlapians, Nicols , Simeon Po-
Fete sinel Ha tser Vent ee
ere; uc ers av

onkers, and Mauris Pierilo of Albany
‘allo Mutcho of

avenue, Kingsbridge.
S111 Al avenie, Kingsoriden gota
fractured hip.

Van

08.
Faite Povella, Emidio

track |

|Cirouit Court filed a memorandum yes-
, terday in which he tells the receivers they
}™may attend the hearings in the matter
of the Eighth street line and another mat-
ter relating to fenders and wheel guards,
| These hearings, he says, may so develop
as to make their attendance desirable
, he edda, “should the wheel guards
or fenders of some particular manufac-
turer or patentee be prescribed or should
'gome order be made fining receivers for
|some alleged failure to run cars in con-
|formity with orders, the receivers might
| conglude to bring the matter before the
State court and in
| tively it might be n for them to
be represented at the hearing.”

As to heerin generally before the
| Public Service Commission, the practice,
las the Court seems to understand it, re-
{sults in the commission constituting it-
self “practically complainant, prosecutor,
| judge. jury and sheriff.”

“Under these circumstances,” says
Judge Lacombe, “it has seemed to the re-
ceivers (and the Court approved their
| conclusion) that in cases w t had
already fully informed the commission
of the reasons why they objected to the
order they would accomplish nothing
by attending the hearing.”

| TACKLED THE CAPTAIN.
| Jewelry Man Who Sold Sight Unseen
Wouldn't Have Anybody Arrested.

Capt. Henry of the Mercer street sta-
tion dropped into an auction sale of
jewelry at 6 East Fourteenth street yes-
terday afternoon. A small box containing
a piece of jewelry, kind not stated, was
offered. Somebody bid 70 cents. Thecap-
tain bid 75 and got the box. He found
a cheap bracelet inside. He arrested
Auctioneer Samuel Berman, but Berman
refused to leave the store. Henry went
back of the counter to get him and was
met by Charles Heyman of 835 East Thir-

teenth street, the
enry, ‘aaked Hoary “what

according to it
the hell he was in there,” and when
Henry showed his shield said he wouldn't

allow Berman to be taken from the store

and struck the ca ’
A fight AF ge lasted until the

street was reached. Policeman Smith
came to the captain's aid and the two
prisoners were taken to the police station.

In Jefferson Market court Berman was
ae ne ya coneneen on a
charge of runninga lottery. Heyman was
held in $1,000 bail for examination on
charges of disorderly conduct and inter-
fering with an officer,

order to do so effec- |

er. Heyman, |

The Count said it was a peculiar situa-

| tion in Venezuela. Under the Constitu-
| tion Castro was still President and Gen.
|Gomez, as Vice-President, was simply
acting president. It would be necessary
to impeach Castro before Gomez could
be the real President. The Count under-
stood that Castro would be prosecuted
and impeached for cabling an order, as
alleged by thé Gomez party, to P. M.
Cardenas, then a departmental Gov-
ernor, to kill Gomez in the rioting that
followed Castro's departure from Ven-
ezuela. The Count went to Washington
to confer with the Italian Ambassador,
Baron des Planches.

CASE,

Government Betwixt Two Laws as to
Granting Citizenship.

NorFouk, Va., Feb. 4.~The Federal
Government now has a Japanese ques-
tion to dispose of here, and it is one which
the Government itself has raised in re-
sisting the application for American
citizensbip of Namyo Besso, “chief stew-

lard, U. 8 N., chief steward to Admiral]
‘aussig.”

Besso bases his application on the act
of Congress permitting aliens to become
citizens after service of five in the
United States Navy. The Government
is opposing it under the genera] law which
limits citizenship to aliens who are free
whites or Africans or those of African
descent. The case was docketed for
hearing in the United States Court to-
day, but it went over until February 15.

Husband Missing, She Gets License to
Remarry.

Herman Grall, 31 years old, of 847 Fifth
avenue, and Mrs. Lillie Healy, 30 years old,
of i056 Forty-fourth street, yesterda
took out a marriage license at the Boroug
Hallin Brooklyn. Mrs. Healy was married
to Alexander H in December, 1808
and on September 7, 1900, he disap
and has not been heard of since, though
his wife made a long search for him.
She made an affidavit setting forth these
facts and the Corporation Counsel de-
cided that she was justified in regarding
herseif as a widow and should get the
license to remarry.

If @ KREMENTZ One-Piece Collar Button
damaged any cause you get a new one ge

enacted it would have greatly hindered
the development of our State.

“We need foreign capital for the de-
velopment of our valleys, mines and
seaports, and it would be regrettable if
we were to deny all aliens the right to
come here and make their homes.

“I am sure that the vote on this measure
is indicative of what the result will be
when other anti-Japanese measurés “are
taken up by the Assembly, and that this
agitation, which is very embarrassing to
our own Government, is now quieted,”

Carson, Nev. Feb. 4.—Every indication
points to-day to the smothering of the
Giffen anti-Japanese resolution-in the
Senate of the Nevada Legislature. The
measure came up before that body to-day
and was immediately referred to the com-
mittee on judiciary.

This committee, composed of Senator
Boyd, chairman, and Senators Tallman.
Pyne, Brossemer and Balzar, is strongly
opposed to the reckless language of the
resolution and will either allow it to re-
pose calmly in the archives of that com-
mittee or else so change the wording that
Giffen himself will never haable to recog-
nize his “bloody rag” resolution.

What looked like an international ino
dent will probably be closed with the
one word piffie.

Dodge's resolution which passed the
Assembly asking that a fleet be kent in
the Pacific waters was also considered
by the Senate to-day and passed to the
committee on Federal relations. This
resolution will be passed without muoh
delay.

The day in the Legisleture has been
unusually quiet, the members seemingly “
anxious to take a little breathing spell
after the exciting events of the last few
days. In all probability little will be ac-
complished to-morrow, as both Houses
will adjourn until Monday morning)

Savt Laker City, Utah, Feb. 4.~A care-
ful canvass of the members of tho Legis-
lature indicates that there will be no
legislation affecting the Japanese
at this session. There is little
that anti-Japanese legislation will even
be introduced.

Many Japanese are employed on the
railroads and in the beet flelds of the
State, but their employment in these
capacities is quite generally asa
mattor of course. Even public contractors
on municipal work in Salt Lake City
employ Japanese, and they work side’
by side with laborers of other nationall-
ties without comment or disorimination.

Each Bank te Guarantee Iteelt.

Denver, Feb. 4.—The Colorado Bankers
saowe tion has Gotreines to have a

nk guaranty bill introduced i
Legislature which will provide et
ty bank separately to ite

guaran
ewn depositors.