LASTOF THE PRE- RAPHABLITES'

wu MOM AN WONT TMP PON.
pe pis Ch blenny -taRee

tegen tite a an Suetioneer’s Clerk, beat
topleser Beceuraged Him te Purcne

ert) ttt treht of the Werwt” «
Treasured) Berk tm Wan) Hermes
ne UNE
Wilham  Hobtman
“ot 1. the painter and one
imders tf the Pre-Raphaelite
t Fogheh art. * dead. He
f me dave
‘ weet parlors of thous
nh the country and un England
‘ lietions of Wilham Holman
4 nous pamting. “The Light of
Worn’ the familar photogravure
” he Saviour lighting His path

gi the might to the door of a hut
ere knoeking for admittance. It
* most popular pictures: pro-
, i he last century
r ofing, by which Holman Hunt
est known. typifies the vindication
sort which was denied to him during
struggle Bitter
- arose when it was first exhibited,
had pursued the artiat
thre f his early vears of effort
apt was not new to him even when he
ec 4 (oevedt something destined to gain
His life was made
disappointments and

nary vears of dis

et wm

eptance
{ strugeles
erishing defeats
Wiham Holman Hunt
lerdon cp i827. His father was a poor
e middle class, who was not
son even gn ordinary
he was atill a lad
Hunt was apprenticed
as a clerk and a few

was bern in

. his
eduicatior When
eary s terns

thoneer

Wretched vears of uncongenwl work
followed He was not a good clerk, but
his employer a kind hearted man, cis-
vered the boy « fancy fer drawing and
eroouraged oot Young Hunt's father
was timerous a man to give his sane
* lads request that he be al
wed t pursue his bent, the father
eedad ney and he believed that no
tist d support himself with de
ra
wooor three vears in clerical work
the y once drew « sketch of en old ep-
ple woman who bad entered the office

 

owhich he was per hed on « high stool
ver his ledgers His employer won-
tered at the faithfulness of the sketch
ant still more encouraged Lis apprentice
'o ontinue faithfully his penchant for
rawing Later when the voung mas's
nienteres had expired he atruck ont
bold) to become an artiat even though he
had ¢ tarve to succeed He painted
eorrats three days a wee: and the ree
of Fie tine be speatin the Britiah Museum
pong Fe even aceepted littl jobs
{r pursy shopkeeper oat altering
ertrartts which had been painted forthe n
and ch did not surtt ror monev he
pela greatooat to a vervetoe) tacket
rated a fractious cur
The self-taught studeit tried ¢
tite euter the Academy before he suc.
ented ihere he firet met Miliais. who
fas ‘hen only 15, two years Hunt's jr wo
who had already won the principal
meca: i the antique Then the fr: ena.
ship between the two which was desined
‘co -ontu.ue for so many years began
ut worked diligently at something finer

wing up unsatisfactory port raite
{tat grocers and in 1#44 he completed
re first Academy picture It was the por-
‘rat of a child and its title was “Hark!

 

he inspiration for what afteoward
ame @ designated the Pre-Kaphac!ice
ement seized Holmen Hunt end
Vi.lais simultameous!y, when one day they

nMappered to be turning the leawes of 4

ove-tion of engravings of the fresenes
Pisa

rom the Campo santo at _ Then both

      

f the vo oo ulere aw
h* “freedom cor , pide and
tase” im the old. school The tw
h aught more anc. more upon the gulsjo
the decadence of art since Hapa

n.tiated the modesn echeo! and finaliv

ise they formaliy constut: ated then

. vee the founders of the Pre-Uaphael te

therhood, to which othe. artia's after

rf alhed themeelses ({ that famouse

pany Holman Hunt was desiiied t
last gurvivor

ilv a short time before hie deith he

ned the fetien thet Dante Gabr.o!

-serti had been one of the oriein) ad-

ote of the movement of insurzency

etter to the London Times Hunt said

« brotherhood iadopted the initials

iB with which we signed out pic tures
inier cond to keep ther meaning seeret

out thie come after much urgeney from
> i teok him into my siudio as a
nl painting.”
Zoe von to assert in toe letter tat
nd he “never occumel a tome
' The elder man was the master
hoesett, and pupil Haoaeert,
ekine up the origins
t Wretherhond, fo Holman
sverred. by revesiing the myatir
cof the initials which the brot ier
vi been attaching to its paintings
«came the leader of the extreme
tes number.ng William Mor
Jones in therr ranks
rtiowmm followed the original
r col te Brotherhood wherever it
| { t« work. The public would
the petures of the new school
“Rienzi” was bought for
said. by a friend who never
' the pieture after having re-
. ’ t sho contented hirnself with
ne A work of charity
riy ‘S08 the art at took a trip
Land, and it was there he
napiration for many of his
* ke Many years saw him
i. tine at work on canvases
themes. Some of the best
ose are “The Finding of the
1e Temple.” painted in 1a,
f the Cross.” comp’
irs work in 1873; “The Tri-
innoeents,” done in 1885. and
if the Doctors” in 190)
‘ Shalott” and * Nagareth”
-r anvases ranked high in the

  

Marne

STL DS TO FROUMAN.

substituted for Wilde Com-
stock Compan) Plan.
ormance of Oscar
+ |} portance of Bem@ Earn-
' tone place at Maxine Elliott's
' Monday night owing to the
by Charles Frohmen,
hat he owns the nights of
the United States Mr
Messrs Shubert will auh-
acy” with the cast en
Importance o: Leng

Be ary

iy aes

eels

ed per

Seared
aoe

Mesers Shubert
rn a stock company with

vv players asia nucleus
re( hariesRichman. ( haries

re Roberta, Florence Kob-
Herne, Sarah Cowell Le
‘nha Pinto, Milten Sila.
bamelt Marion Baliou and
er The company will appear
Sew York, Boston, Chicage,
rand Brookiyn It will make
! «ccasional productions of
The promoters say a new

| be made in New York
tw or three weeks It i#
vood that the Chicago en-

iL be plaved at a new theatre
isted by Mr. Brady. with
ed by himself and Chicago

and the

ements for Tam Scw and Tere
rs may be left at eny Ameri-
retwenger office im the city

(RVING PLack rHeareae

© Plage, Oneretias and trters ( oming |
Prom the Off Country.

theoder Burgarth manager of the
Irving Place Theatre. has arrived?
New York and announced the plane for
the theatre. which os usual will be de
voted te drama and operetta The com
pany will reach New Vork on Septem her

2) and temediately will begin reheareals'

for the opening of the theatre on Sentem

her 7. he opening play will be © Bank
ruptey ” bw Bjornaon
Mr Rurgarth and hie partner bave

heen
actor:
ettas

busy this summer eequiring new
and playe Among the new oper
are “Des Musikantenm ile.” by
Jarno, “Das Fictele Gefingn ine z
Stolz Das Jungfernstift” and *Die
Reneche Susanne,” by Giibert. aad anew
vaudeville called *Polnische Wirtachaft *
In addition to the musical works the
menagers have ac quired the rights to ~The
| sabe of Oliverra.” by Lilienfeun, which
‘dinand Bonn has already played a
foie times in Berlin
“Gearriaon Life *
the members of the company en moe
abroad are Annie Heitner, Asta Erich
ren. both of whorn come from Berlin,
Eeniny Dommersdorf, who come: from
the Royal Opera House in Berlin to sing

the colorature parts ii operetta, Selma
Weber, Otto von Lortzing, Rudolph
Werde!, Bertha Kiein, leading woman
of the dramatic company. Fila Lambert,

from Neremberg. and Mary Hubler, from

Beriin, for the ¢ Sramatic compony, FW
Standte. Frnest Pitvau, Hans Arnim
end Steafried Bruch There are to be
a new stage manager and or hestral

conductor Mme Neusadorff will rejow
the company this season

NEWS OF PLAYS wNp PLAYERS.

(hartes Frenman te Put on New Prose
Drama by DD Annunzie.

Charles Frohman lus «tained the

English epeaking rights to a new Gabriele

D'Annunzio play, purchasing it for Eng-

  

land and America before it is produced
in Purope Although poctic or romantic
in tdea, the work is in pecentes Mir
Frohman save the play probably will!
be given simultaneouslv in Italy, France
and America, Tt will be performed in
Rome in Nevember and in Paris at the
Com." te Fre r gq ater

George M. Cohan'a new comedy. “Get
Rich Quick Wallingford.” a drematiza
tion 1 George Randolph Chester « story
j will come to the Garety Theatre on Mot
day. Septemle ® Hele Hamilton will
play the tithe At Fronees Hing will
be the leading woman The Fortune
» Hunter” ie to move from the Ciaiety to
the Tremont Thest-«, Boston

Blanch) Welsh will preciuc: two plave
this ason She wil out oon “The Othe
Woman.” by J. & Kummer, on Septem-
ber 72. and will appear ister in Hartley
Manners ® *“Ba-baresca

Willlam Morrie. Tne will presen the
Vale stock company at the Plaga Musi
Heil begin ing Septr mber ig The first
offering will te Th Riue Monae *
Pieve to feil ow will include ~The Warrense
of Virginic.” “The Fighting Hone,” “The
Lion enc the Meuse * “Merely Mery
Ann Such a Litth Queen * *Regonera-
tion” and “The Servant t1 the House.”
Sunde ry performances willbe vaudevill

Mare Kiew will leave New York on
Saturday ceon for a trip through the
Northw «r He expects to arrange for
the completion of theat-oa in Seattle,
Spokaw. Tacoma Po tland, Victoria and
Vancouve

Rex Pitonof echoolgil seimmer

who swam from Charlestown Bride to
Roston Light, a distance of twelve miles
to + hours ard Se minutes. will give an
exhibition of fancy swimming and high
diving at the Fifth Avonuy Theatre next
week

The Reageerrs.
| Seiltae to-day bw the French liner La
Provence, for Havre
Alberr 1 har lroen the

fohu S os

 

' Fueene tiodon Pr M tamrbel
Me and Mre ! t. de mer tal Maurinio
Maver cape 1 F Prudhemme Mere lehn
b Pare 4H BK Rain le ind Mre Henr
B laAompeon

Paeeencers he the North (herman
Liwd it Prinz Friedrich Wilheim
for P'ymouth Cherbourg and Bremen

rof Henry W Faruam of Yale | neve
‘ te: # barcel) Mr and Mere
Nar i Hoden Mrs Alired Mishop
Mason Dr G A Shetten and Py a Mrs
« M Werte

bh the «unerder Pannonia. for the
Vieni terranean

Seral ¢tlare Murdo trow, Robert

a) lat merand Dr Wilmer

Marvin Jones

Masse Sant (amendge
this afternoon in

Chureh of Mies

CaMPRIDGE
had a notable weddine
the marriace at ¢hrist
Mirna Twombly Jones daughter of the late
Mr and Mrs Fran! W Jones, ond Alexande:
Burr Marvin of New York, son of Samuel W
Marvin of New Pochelle

The rector of the parish tie Re
Evarts, performed the ceremony
the bride «ae given in moerriage
brother, Walter Mio Keown Jones «ho came
from Rie home in Porto F for this event
The bridewroem « brother, George Marvin
came home from Parise to aerve as beet man

Preaeott
n whieh
by her

The uscere inclided Sarnuel WO Mervin,
another brother Hervara i Wrederick
Emery of Cambridee, Mar ard, «2. William |
b Whitehouse and Kichard & Forrest
both Vale classmates of the bride-
groom Ceorge ¢ happell and John Retd,

tr all of New York

Mr ana Mra Marvin are to live at Juana
Diaz, Porto Hico, where he vas business
interests in which hia brother and alo his
vife's brother are asenc ated with fim

—

Pisk Kicimend

WooneTro gw. Vt. Sept 7 Mies Plizaberh
Richmond of Seranton, Pa. daughter of
the late Willlam Riehmond, and Harvey

Fisk of Plainteld, N Jd. were married at the
Richmond homestead here to-day The!
ceremon’ was performed at noon by the
Re Dr Rowers terael of Scranton, Pa.
aseimted hy the Kev RR Le Blane Lynch of
Woodaetock

Mr Flak i« the son of Charies |) Fisk of |
Plainfield. of Harvey Fisk & to, bankers |
in New York, and has been with the Wiikes- |
barre branch of the firm The yanere were!

 

Charles B Stewart.( 1. lana, Jr,
W Howard, J Donald Kilmer and j ord.
Jotnaon, Jr. allof New York
tollowing a honeymoon trip m (Canada
Mr and Mre Fisk will make their home
jin Seranton
Carey Peene

) arre SS Y. Rept Misa Jeanette

\ Peene, graaddau@hter of the late Mayor
John ( Peene, was married tod: to
Eugene Carey, son of Dr Frank Carey of
Chicago. at the home of her grandmother,
w Locust Hill avenue, by the Rew Dr
FE OM Stires of St) Thomas's Church, New
o it
’ Ihe’ bride nas attended by Miss Nell
Hodgson of Atlanta Solon MacArthur of

()eago wan the best man A reveption
followed the ceremony and Mr and Mrs

Carey left for an automonile honéymuvon |
tr They will make their home in Chi-
creo

—
Dyer Cohalan.

Mise Mary ¢ ohaian, sister of Daniel F
and Surrogate John
ried vesterda) afternoon 'o James Norman
Dever of Mudson, S VY, at the Roman Catho-
lie Church of St

nd St) Nicholas avenue § T

© a performed by the Rev Pauner Dre: Dyer
Daniel F. Cohalan gave ye, ride away
ard her nroner Michael J. Cohalan, was

 

 

 

best men , geter Aileen wee bewges-
maid The pe will t
trip through Canada and ! live at ot
ort
Smithwick Miller.
Mies Ellen Virginia Miller and Louis
Jordon Smitheick were married at St

Thomaas Eptecopal Church, Fifth avenue |
and Fifty-third street, at 4. 0'clock yeaterday

afternoon The bride was o = away by
sher brother Nua % Gordon Ther |
will live at Norfo Me}
| room is "Fhe pride t
iompeny
ith Mr
coma

wise att
*Hearh NT

by,

afd the comedy

Cohalan, was mar- |

Rose of Lima at 1 seth atrest '

THE SUN.
'h MOTHER OF OF WAYWARD SONS ™

‘ses wrnrowrit FiGlRAr IN
VEW GouDHIN ree.

| & titeral Presentation Whh a teed
‘Third Set Seene, bui Warred by the
Steenece of Imagination and Poetic
Feetme \ndience Seems Pleased.

 

“Mother” is the tithe of the new play seen |

taat night at the Hackett Theatre, which
does so much to add variety to New
York's theatrical life }lee Rekert Good-
man wrote it, William (A Brady produced
. which may or may not be an important
incident of the evening, and among the
actors who took part were Emma Dunn,
Frederick Perry, Albert Latacha, Minette
Barrett, Marion Chapman, Arthur and |

David Koss, James Brophy. John Mokes, |

Justine Cutting and Jane Corcoran

Mr. Goodman's play was unusual in
making the mother of «iz children ite,
heroine and thus its “love interéat,” as
the talk of the theatre has it, became her |
affection for them Not that all of the
etx Were without their own affairs of the
heart. One of them, before the action of
the drama began. had run away with a
show girl, and like the youth who in WS
Gilbert's poem ‘married a girl in the
corpa de ballet” he was practically “lost
totally’ when he forged a check for
$ic.c0n He talked about killing himeelf
when his crime was discovered, until his
mother declared her signature on the
check to be genuine

A second show girl almost happened
in the family as the younger brother fell
in tove with the sister of hia brother's
wife By this time, however, there were
ho more $10,000 checks, good or bad. to
be found about the house, so the shrewd
young woman of the chorus, after an |
uncommonty vulgar and profane declara-
tron of her intentions, remained wedded
te her art

There of course appears little in this
sketch of the action of “Mother” that
might entertain the ordinary theatre
rudience There was no more inthe drama
that was interesting until the discussion |
between the mother and her two daughters |
in the third act as to whether or not they
should sacrifice themselves by yielding

their fortune to the dissipated brother
In this family council there was natura!l-

hose combined with a certain degree of |

dramatic interest that held all the audience
in real suspense Here was a finely
theatric epimode developed in the highest
terms of realism. and it afforded the best
minutes of theevenmng. The interview be-
tween the mother and her worthless sou |
admirably acted by Frederick Perry
wae an anticlimasx, for it fell into the
deptha of pure stage bithos,

  
 

The lees of imagination about the
whole play reduced ite level from the
firat seone to the last [It was ey
literal alwave The actors groped wit

sonaistent lack of success for some ray
of the light that never was on sea or land
A touch of poetry would have done
wonders for this triumph of maternal

ve over all the disappointments and
sorrows that her erring sons caused
Yet it was never present The episodes
f the play. save in that colloquy of the
family in the third act, were unillumined
by theatric interest or any touch of
spiritual suggestion

And the actors kept their feet on the
ground Emma Dunn in the long end
trving role of the mother showed va-
riety. naturalness and an agreeable sense
of humor But she was as guiltiess of
imagination or poetic feeling as an um-
bretla Frederick Perry in the third act
had a touch of inspiration which, more!
generally disseminated, might have made
Mother” quite a different story

Yor the theetre thundered with ap-
pla use The eurtain roge rapeatediv
efter every act If one mey place con
fidence in theae ontward and audible
sens “Mother” ce the play of the century

 

SOUr ONES 19,0008 CARTRIDGES

Setredt From a Dark River Boat That
Tried to Run (was

Nineteen thousand cartridges of large

calibre each contaming 21', areine of
powder. ore miled in the station of the
harher poltee at Pier 1. North River
iweiting a claimant, if one sha!) have the
andactty to appear

The police suspect that the utridges

which are made fora nes military revolver
und elas will At certain rifles, rright have
benn in the hold of some ateamnship bound

for South America if Sergeant Van Tassel!
and a squad of nautical cope in a launeh
had not siahted a sixteen foot boat with
sicker” and without lights. sneaking
na the Brooklyn ashore of the bay at

yolock yesterday morning The ser
geant hailed the hort, asking Where
are you going withont lights?”

There were two men in the boat (ine

of them shouted in broken Engimlh that
he was going up the haat River Van
Tasee| ordered them to stop. They kept
raht on The launch overhauled them
swiftly and Van Tassel ordered
to the Battery yacht basin

Om the way the sergeant examined the
heat and uncovered in the bottom uine-
teen packages filled with cartridges
The men Ceaare Lombardo of 7 Presi-
dent atreet and Frank Jinate of 104 Hami!-
ton avenue, Brooklyn said at first that

they were taking the ammunition to a.
ateamahip tied upata Brooklyn pier in the |

Fast River Later they said they were

going to deliver it to_a fireman aboard a.

steamship at Pier 36. Brookiyn

They were locked up and later in the
| merning were arraigned in the Tombs
volice court There Lombardo said that
« had received the cartridges from a
| Brooklyn clothing dealer Lombardo aaid
he and This fri did not know anything |
about the destination of the aa
and that all they got was 82 for tak
them to Pier 35

them |

THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1910.

waiver Giver corse stow.’ 3
Dr. L 8

    

“IT BEATS ‘THREE WEEKS "——

\ ¥. AMBRICAN, Acguee 4

LOVE

tenditiien Heren'| Permit of Vietent |

Frertion
Sr James |. |. Sept 7 Mayor tine PER acT
ror i heguaning to realize that he ia

 

hot as strong as he thought he eas and

i .
he ia going siow He i wot taking the | Tooth Powder IN ME
longa walke he mapped out for himeetf | $
neutralizes the destructive uN EA V ING

\iadiouse op tiling. ouap the hows ehect
acids of the mouth—cleanses, By EDITH HALL ORTHWEIN
preserves and beautifies the | 80” A SENSATION! & “BEST SELLER” 20 to | “Gag

the steam yacht Wild Duck
This morning, after a hearty breakfast
the Mayor went into hie library and «at

 

down in an easy chair to reads An hour
‘sh FOR ese q@ory ar
later he got up and sauntered out onto teeth, and imparts purity ways WHALLY ¢ BOOK SHOP, SIMPSON CRAWFORD CO
the lawn tempted by the sunshine and UVaAMIAPES om bth Ave BLOOMINGDALES
the cool westerly breeze He walked, and fragrance to the breath. pate nh wae Why's TENE RO
WeHIDN Ss SALFTAN S Kin if 4 i25en ST
}about on the grass « while. allowed a ane 9 % Ni e
BRENTANO \ ». MATTHEWS SONS MANHATTAN MOTEL
i HenWwiops LOSER & COMPANY KNICKPRBONRER
| O'eloe m went indoors again At 1) qe ote a “OL DOr: WOE De: & MASKING OO pyaz
o STOR Mert SIEGEL. COOPER CO PARK r weorTel
‘clock he climbed into hie limousine. RFOR [bot es ROOK LOVERS TIBRARY MAMNP & CO. NEW ARK

followed by his stenographer, and mo
tored over to Port Jefferson.
As on Tuesday. hie Honor was met by |
Paul De Fere, a former law partner
and escorted on beard the Wild Duck
The yacht steamed out of the. harbor
| and into the open sound. A* they sailed
the Mayor dictated persoral letters to
some hia friends whom, he has not
een since his emancipe.ion from the
hoapita! He tried to write a few of the
| ‘etters himeelf, but gave up the attempt, |
j saying that his collarbone pained him
The pain he complained of was supposed
to be due to the stiffness resulting from
ae | love walk of Monday mornit
was almost 8 o'clock before the
m.. ov reached home. He found Cham-

REGISTERING FOn MOHOOL, |

| mush of Pupiis Kager to Get Pull Time |
Privtiege.
Signs that the long vacation
over for the youngsterse of the
apparent about the public schools veater-
| day It was the firet day of registration
that precedes the opening week The
, @chools will open next Monday, and Supt
Maxwell set apart Wednesday, Thursday
and Friday for registration
The work of registration is intended to

facilitate the opening of the fall term by
classifying the pupils before the schools,
are ready io get down to actual work

You'll Be Sorry !f You Den’t !
om BROADWAY PUBLISHING CO. s.020.

s nearly)
“uty were

   

' berlain Hyde awaiting him = Afver dinner | Tho »rincipals and part of the teachin

the yor and Mr Hyde sat in the p tk De og - H 1

brary and ‘alked foe more tan at hor stall are obliged to be promert to carry out E News and Reviews of
|The City Chamberlain said that the Chey were kept busy yesterday in tak

—— of politics had not been men- ing down the names, addresses and other

particulars of the crowds of boye a:
girla that gathered about the schol
entrances before the gates were opened |
The older applicants were impatient tu
get to the teacher early #0 aa to eecure a
seat and not be assigned to a part time

Books will be printed in
THE SUN on Saturday, Sep-
tember 10, and thereafter on
Saturdays until further notice.

[Senet “As a matter of fact,” . Hyde con-
| tinvaedt “| have not mentioned a word
concerning city affairs or political possi-
| bilities since the shooting The Mayor

| is devoting all his time to getting well ”

| t ; clase
Sresnowter of ie jue ye f All children over six years old weve
udngp cows Ariite - " oat accepted under certain requirements
. opoken 19 4a pupil had attended a different pul

{ae 4 him with a doctor's certificate in
|the cause of Mavor Gaynor jus as soon
jas the doctors decide that the Mayor
| will auffer no setbacks in effecting a cure
fof the wound from James J Gallagher “
bullet) As soon as possible after the
certificate. is filed the Prosecutor will
| complete his case for presentation to the

school last term it was necessary to ha

a transfer card If from other than
public school the appheant had to show a
: accination certificate Where there was
doubt a» to the age ofthe applicant a birth
certificate was required, or in the case
of a foreigner the consular passport was!
called for

September (irand Jury. wineh will be nines as

eworn inion Seprember 2 «

“There will be no deiav after Galiag OR. HEATH, NO MISMATISE,
her's indictment i returned to court.”

 

(ein Collectors Have a Memorial Session
in His Hener
Yesterday was the Dr He
day at the convention of
Numismatic Assomation | ae Francie
Heath M D. whe died in iw, was the
founder of the assomation Vester
|day afternoon former president AG
Heaton gave an address of appreciation

of hus life
The afternoon

said Mr Garven vesterday “We will
proceed at the earliest possible date to
put him on trial”

Mies Alice Dillingham te Wed Teas.

Miss Alice Coffin Dillingham, dauahter
of Charles T) Dillingham, the book dealer,

will be marnei at 40 clock this afternoon
at the home of her father. 127 West Fighty-
‘eighth street, to Capt Frank Stanley
Morreon of the Royal Canadian Dragoons
The engagement was announced tiet

INSTRUCTION.

}
memorial | . ~~
For Boys and Young Mea.

American For , and Young Men.

**My Son Having Failed Completely

in his preliminary examinations for college, entered your school and ia one vear he
covered two regular s bool vears of work as is dene al most echools, and not only
passed his examinations easily for college, but also with credit to himself and his

s heol
Thi sexiractofa atter from the mother of'a recent student is one of a hundred or more, valued

by Mr Gro lng toe High grade of sucerss be bas bad tor thirteen ; ears. following the idea

 

   

|

  
     
       
      

enied with a

   

ReSRLON

       

       
           

  

    
         
   
 

: ats t nos the ts th tt
December The jeense was obtained business meeting in which Edgar H _ vin hy? eh . ) bachwe bere are ene ouraged and taught how testady, Bright
yesterday at the (tty Hall Major Dodd® | adams. treasurer of the association hove eee ¢ pid Iv and thor . : m Seer ret ts to ma an hoer coant
of Montreal will be best man and the . for an hour under expert teacher tem. The de Anite policy ts to
bride will be given away by ber father introduced a resolution to ask the Lnrector 7 gain the real latercet of the boys ta their Sork, thereby making petty restrictions aa:
7 of the United States Mint to go back to necessary 7 Seadmantere ett .

. he sty le of gold proo of sete as struck in aie os crete sone personal attention devoted to the two schou's tadmastcis of both schoow

’ dP ; the ? i c , ce
OEATH OF PLINY FISK iw, which show a frosted or sand binsted | A Thereugh Commercial Coarse for Boys of All Ages Not Desiring to Go to College.

   

resent St Gaudens proof
to teil from the ordinary
the numtamatists

The Groff School
228 W.\72d St., New York

effect The
sets are hare
ue After the meetin

Never Recovered bully From the Efects
of a Fall Dewn Stairs.

Groff Country School |
Deal Beach, N. J. |

       
       
           
     
      

Trenroxn, Sept 7 Pliny Fisk, at ue the Hispanic Serety'’s buiding

. ‘te s ‘ A ‘ “KI . n ideal Day Sehool for bors, where the same
time «a special partner in the New Yor: doin the evening heard an illustrated An vail ieee = = » | hieh stan@ards of 0s ae truetion of the
; 7 i ia n R ' tar the New Jersey Coas  s ‘ of pers 1 tmetr ¥
banking firm of Harvey Fisk & Sons, leoture on the “Coin Cities of Sicily” by oe o Hy. Grof Coontey Sehoot are maintained. A most

died at his home in this city to- Abour & Hudson Chapman of Philadelphia Casey REFERS HeEreIpweR: He SY Pree. | ‘ '
’ i y to i See ai Adequate class reom. every qmfort of the modere and complete school buliding, on one of
a yéeiranda halfago Mr Fisk ‘tell down a — modern hone, with boating ‘on Deal Lake) the bes streeis in the city. All preparation of
flight of stairs and fractured —_ a Floral Gddities In New Jersey goll, horsePack riding and other outdoor sports, lessons directed at the school by regutar
From these injuries he never fully re caneteliy elseeved achers lree use of largest ¢ympasium io

Avenue ('. Bayonne, is

   

In front of 375

      
       
 

covered : w ¥ \iso swimming pool and athiett«
| Mr Fiek was born at Easex. N ;a young horse chestnut tree which has No grades or forms trate boy must it. Tim neig 4 ovenientivy near. Limited enrol!
jeighty-three yeirs a His brothers | bloomed forth in the last few days. The | ited enrolimen'. Separate department for went Senarste department tor boys 5 to 16
| were the late Hurvey Fisk. founder of the residents in the vicinity are wondering ,f >> * to 14 years care of age oa

Other trees of a like Pell term begire September 24th Dall term begins September 23th

 
 

| peaeies house, the late Kichard Henry wha: caused this

and Samuel C. Fiek of New York HARTMAN HAYLOR. Ph. 0.. Headmaster.

nute WYATT W RANDALL. Ph. D. Headmaster

   

variety are bearin

    
         
       

   

 

' He is survived by hie wife, a daughter of ; SJ. Sent 7 —A pear
the late Ree John Hall DP 1D. of Trenton. cnvenene Benes, © laden veith fruit at tor cata ques testimonials and terms address of call on
and by five cluldren. Mra ¢ b Corwin of the same time in the vard of Frank L JOSEPH C. GROFF & KB. and of class teog. U8. N. a)
New Haven, Horie b Fiek of Caicig Boppe The blossoms completely cover 226 West 33d street. New York: of is Beseh. vs
Wiltiam J Fiek of East Orange, Miss the tree and the ripening fruit peeping Phone 744 Columbus hone 1029 Deal Beach
— wot Viek. and Sire > ne ° from between theclustersof petals makes —— — =
togera o reaton * wae an uncle o rel sight
Mayor Cniries J. Fisk of Plaintield. and * ?°%* sigh Sachs celvin: rhoo
of Mra. dohn Gould of New V ork . Bs) WES’ fost st

Mr Fisk was for many veirs engaged classes oF “SIX. Seventh Year Boys
the Ininubartare. Wf pottery cae, At Fountains & Elsewhere olleg ate oof "SEee SF S08, See viet. Dae
thia out He retired from active bus schools. Lessons prepared at seneol. La
news about twenty veirsago ina finan Ask for Institute Py. _Oymacnum privileges Magua tralalog.

Te

OMee bourses ¥ & “Mas Coimboe

Wm. J. Betts, M. A., ( Yale)

cial panic whien threatened tue embar
rasament of the banking house of Harvey
Fisk & Sons in ite eiriier days Mr bisk

SCHOOL FOR BOYS

“HORLICK’S
The and Genuine

came to the flaonea! aid of nis brother 38 West 59th Street
i 7 Stamford, ¢ onn., fo Headmaster of Betts

the result being that he was made a Thirty -ninth year begins o Veade sili form) a class in October to prepare
special partner in the firm He was at Original Wednesday, Sept. 28. 1910 for college entrance eXaminations. Success in
that time largely interested in the ( hesa- ° etaminations. a thoreugh grounding tn all eub-

ake and (tee tattroad and in some coal Primer lomrmedies aed High She nd the saving of one or more years as
fields of Pennsylvania sehoo! Departments. Thorough — sures te particulars

The funeral will be held next Friday oration for oll colteges. Specist THE PRbpib INSTITUTE. An eocowed
burial being made at the old Ewing The Food-drink for Ail Ages. mercial Course. Giassen rest ‘a behons for hays, br paren fe rail e oulegae. | ates
Presbyterian Church Cemetery. which is schoe!. Cerefully supervised ath $400, Address RoW SWETLAND. . uet-
adjacent to the Harvey Fisk estate at At Vestaurants, hotels, and fountains. letics. Laboratory, Gymaasiom on ih Hiebtstows : <
Withurtha invigorating and sustaining. Dr. OTTO KOENIG, - Principal sasiness Colleges.

  
   

  

Mies Annie Hall! Fisk is engaged to be
married to William BF Green. son of the

Keep it on your sideboard at home,

Collegiate School

wedding next month in orde;
Fiek, who was unable to leave his house
might be present at the ceremony

late Judge Eimer Ewing Green of the Don't travel without it.
New Jersey Court of Frrore and (Appear A h lp sa
. ment 1 fora hx quick lune prepared a miuvate, aot West tof sTRREt
vobdine , ee ee eeaee Fae Mr Khoxs prepared for the Colleges anda
Means THOROUGH

Take no imitation. Just say “HORLICK’S.”
in No Gombine or Trusi
Fol

Scientific Schools. Well equipped
Gymnasium. Keopens September 28.

Pending the appointment of a head
master t Secheol will be under the
direction of the Rev. ard it. Coe,
D.D., Chairman of the Hoard of Trus-

    
   
  

t rrything Bere aining to business
sation

ALL COMMERCIAL BRANCHES

NDAIVIDE AL INSTRUCTION

Opituary Sates

John Orte, for minty Sears «a reandent

  

 

   
 

  

of Newark ood a member of the Beard of Book of the Hour tees. NO SOLICITURS

poisrday’ et he heree, "70. Avon” 3veaue, All communications may, he ad- “TERM OPENS SEPT.
ot heart trouble He had been ill since dressed to Miss Clara 8. Marsh, Sect'y. FALL TERM OPEN EPT. 6
last November Born in Worrs nibere (er on | ence or at the School. Packard Commercial School
many, seventy four yeurs ome r inte }--

ran away from home when he was tt ; ee Fourth Ave. and 23rd St., New Y ork
yeara of — ind went to Newark He ‘lat Year .

worked at number ot trades and in the Sept 209 —
eariv soe he started = lane: goods store Cotumbia Institote
fin Wilham street He wee ae ted a juatorg E. Stil ell

of the peace on the Republican ticket an ’

held the post for twenty veare in (Sts By Arthur iw 78nd Street and

Mayor Henry | Vates named Mr (itte » Wert Ked Ave. j

as apectal omen Hin hes and pe gorves e Froperse Sage Vescenany for ott sattvgoe sod Tor.

one year avor Haynes appoint vere a sede ividas ruet io '

a member of the Excise Hoard in 1800 and . ‘ acase A torreon stody Hour Miutary tert &i-sd & , h

* wae reappointed inthe t@rmaeot Mayors Concerns you directly. (ophonal) Librert. tryu.nae'ae, Athletics under ee hee hee

ebknecher and Seymour and retired after * “dpeetel vase mice ere
He was renpprinion amember #8.
by Mayor Haas.

A, SCHOOL FAMOUS |}OR

CRADUATES

THe aus

Moved indieth Price 8iow
biishing Company

{ j ten veurs

lor the Excise Board tn 1907 No Home study tor Young Hoge. ITs

jroadwe nee York
wee a Me strated Catclogee epon application Inet) dual instruction ty Spectalists in Bookk

 

 

‘ting ) Mr. Ofte was a member of a number | ‘3 but ; *

ay Feacerne) on® chackele orestizations | |] SOSEPH CURTIS SLOANE, Beotmaster Foor craduats connotea bituabane aibln
1a w men La rectorate of . _ . - -_ =— ° t

Gotta 4 Kru Greisenheim since ita) BKANN'S Ironoeciast, Voltaire s Tales. Koran eee ore zr gronene ior ‘ vtiogse ved

' organization © WAR vice-president of | Confuctus. Ingersoll, Fingeliation, Sea Worsbip, ont tervive Bonuie: me fo a gue

the German Hospital for about ten veare PHATT. 161 6 h Servi .

and a ber of the directorate for about) == ———— —

thirty-flwe yeare He is survived bv his INSTRUCTION.

Burroughs School

vw ife and four daughters

Augustus Fredere Holly. who |” been ter Girts and ors

, The Italians were dischar Thes | in the real eatate business at 1 Liberty “BROOKLYN. N.Y.

said they would claim their t later | street for more than fifty vears, died yester- Fon SCHOOLS OF FINE AND APPLIED ARTS,

They did not call for it last night day at his home. 145 West End avenue te | HAMILTON INSTITUTE noys 22 West 65th Street MOUSEROLD SCIENCE AND ARTS.
Dows in Brag. it ie anid. cartridges | wes born in New \ork in 1n78. aot hie educe cteenth year begins se For Bays of All Ages TENCE AND TROMNOLOGY :

of the quality of the 19.090 sell for about | tion ats private is hool in the ity and | COLLEGE and COMMERETAL Preparation SCIENCE. AND NMINDROUANSEN TRAIN:

five cents each cost leas than 9 CRiered Dietee Nlretan tn thie Sop thank Certigeste admits to att leading colleges. A SCHOLL THAT STANGS FOR _— , ss

cent here and if they been smu A Hank, a vestryman in the old Holy Trinity ALL. LESSONS PREPARED AT SCHOOL Feo Re aae ’

aboard a steamship in care of mem Church, and later a vestryman in St James's FO CATALOG! b ADDHESS 6 \ EST #18T ST DAY CLASSES OPEN SEPTEMBER 26

of the crew and then landed ti-
tioualy in South America it _. have
meant several hundred dollars the
shippers here

airt ro WAR ARD LIBRARY.

Anen) mous Donor Presents the Lefferts |
Pope Collection to University.

Roston, Sept. 7. Through the gener-

 

,vard University brary has come into
posseesion of the magnificent Lefferts
collection of the works of Alexander
Pope. which consiats of about 500 volumes |
lof books and pamphiets. The collection '
ia the most extensive brought together |
by any student and includes some voi-
, umes not in the British Museum library. |
Harvard already had some 18 volumes
ng in addition to those given, so that its
Pope collection is now unequalled in
America

| While the name of the donor is with. |

‘held it is guessed that it is J.
| Morgan. to whom the cgitestion "was
offered by Dodd, Mead & Co. some time

“* rotlection of first and other ei

“Stare ta ee See b gc
to write a of
STasietee no  gcutiona fate “Pa

here the, pride Se |
itp geo ico ie ox

the

7st. after Po

osity of an anonymow donor the Har- |

 

Ofice hours 6 to 3 alter Sept 6

 

   
  
   

 

  
 

 

 

 

Church at Seventy-firat «treet and Madison Tel cemnec tion.
Rinek agentes Ste uames PKs HAMILTON INSTITUTE mmm EVENING CLASSES OPEN SEPIEMBER 28
Mra Holly died in 1877) Her hushend is © ints FREDERICK PRATT, secretary.

r tehend I) aw atet, overiooking Man Sq and (entra! Park sae ”
|eurvived by two daughters and one son | College certifieates, Graduate instructors men Shorthand “Type
| A cable deapatch was received in Wash-| and women Practical Domesth Setence Gym

' esterday announ ing th th of Basketball, Tonn's, Outdoor Play Peat RA 35 84th St writing, Penmanship, Cw Serviey

Gen "S ¥ cansett 1 reli of the Hietriet Xpiionat : Sreausie work Literature. Musle and \¢t L. D. Y, Ww. h ard Acatenic Departmests

(uate! at the home of his cousin, Mre | gabe limited to seventy five pupils. Offce hours Thereagh ration fer college or
| yrne, in Cork, Ireland, Tue 2 | 10 to 6 ‘Pele OM Sehuy ler : business. pmontery. Primary and eat Pg Bae, — stalopes

? rell left Washington about a month ago | Re — peporceeate,

to visit his old homein Ireland He served | For Girls and Young Ladies. Ne home y ye under loon

with distinction in®the civil and Spanish > GYMNASIUM. LABORATORY

American ware and was recently retired | Ee 41 Central Park TRLEPHON © 2005 KIN DF Siu j
| from toe Dis cies Mptione} Guard Hien the West,cor.S4th St. Ne

an Genera re as bern in, 4 ” ;

reiand ary. six veares ago He wae ai carer and Deg a ree for Girts and Kinder 123@ St a ener s
ee eee eae oar nel heed ete | — = TWE CARPENTER SCHOOL Law Schools. '

the civil war broke out and enlisted in the gme Barte Collegiate Girls’ May and Boarding.

Eighty-second Now ats Volunteers. He | isth year. Select preparatory. finishing school. chil- a _ FOR
Siok Sher hatlon ot Mahe Mite’ voir |Smscerartmanceneriny lady ctaaes am Om) Wee ral earner woe, LAW SCHOOL '» Gvehatry
r ® - —— - oO +rotoe
| Caines Mil Oe, Hill, second Bull Run, Mustent Mill, or directly for Coltege School trating
bh but bs ton ed rte Prus ixton
Antietam, e keburg. Chancellorsyille, A Pg ey 1 Py aan 20 VESEY STRE
Term begins Sept. 22.Datty Stea: eT. P.M.

310 West End Ave. Bovs

 

Senverare. Bristow Station and the Wilder- sir 1.30 to taliwinter. Study hours under super

Hours specially advantageous to those otherwise

     
 

    

 

        
   

 

 
   
    

 

 
    

begins Sept. sth. LEGIT

| Th Nati 1 vision «= Students never on the «tree! Comptete :
wLeule kh Lewven a os, yosterds ghee. | e ona | equipment in our own building j ap a ceverne man oo
° 4 at . Dean
. ! at Fordham.
voy Dee Lavion ae ipveare | Conservatory of Music|) THE CUTLER SCHOOL ‘lists: "-
the Mutual Tile Insurance t ompany of New of America From Kindergarten to College Ot. ven y School 114 Patton Bois
York For sen Ne ve yeors he was genera More chap four ty dua ies o- beve as t Te iruction, ie ia two
e for Ob last fifteen years o incerponeet in 1885 end Chartered in 1901 Harvard. YALE. ie Ne PAN Comambia | ¥ Le weer te £2 ears. tah
|B pupnee | ite ne ie oe he eeslnek by Special Act of Congress. omplete \cademic and ‘thea cauipaccat | bend for catalogue, GRORGE Chi <e 2.
fon carn ago Bonides Dr lawton he ‘a oobi * VEGRSED, Feunter end Ovesttent smal claves wd nei ee sal instruction Reopens es -
stablished for thorougn education ster
Five — son, Willard R. Lawton |] serious eee, anes ARTHUR HH ¢ TL. ER Meadmasier, enaneee.-sesimen ne tt _ prod ma
epoca a acuity of renowned , wer’ profession. social, institutional, iilerary secretary:
or 198 T UTORING . In preparatory to Went anes
work for entrance

wot peocterd,) widow of John

    
    

 

ranch 4, died C
lay at Bi git ta ain Conn. in he in her n haaress SUCRETARY 126 W. 79th St, Rew York City All branches taue to college TRNED Kegents wists
Lessons gtven at > heme. send for lens: college Toth wan fe | para
air today zi years Cirewlar suecesel LEGIA ”

fee | emer ee

a Geet AM Meaaunn” ,— UNINDERGA EN
a 2. ow | Ga Aa

 

 

i ee, es

oo

[2 oh? cage. .. SES e+

ae a >

fun