tne
VOL, LXXVI.—NO. 26.

WO TINY SHIPS

~ The Cranky Half Moon,
i. “Though, Came Near Spoil-
p> ing the Whole Show.

‘

RAMMED INTO

ta

    
   
  
        
   
     
 

ah

'

Just Some Woodwork Carried
“+ Away, Nothing More, in Accl-
___ tient Down the Bay.

bP
od
Zz ors yma
Eeierne. Whistiing and (annonading for
the Repredactions of the Oid Timers
Huge Velame of Notse Proceeds
From 9 Great Crewd Both on Land
and Water—Millions, Likely, Watched
the Pregress of the Kecorting Fiect

 

a
a

ROARING DAY FOR

}
|
i

{

|

 

power boats of the kind which afterward
dashed up and down the river at high

a@peed, even little canoes, outfitted with

tiny masts, all of them too dressed them-
selves in gala day colors.

Moving down the atretoh of river past
the Mayflower, marking the southernmost
Ine of naval craft, there was yet no lack
of life and color. The English, French and
American liners on the New York side, the
Scandinavian, German and Holland lines
on the New Jersey side, al! both as to their
great ships and their long wharves nosing
out into the river, were elaborately dressed
with flags and sometimes gayly decorated
also with flowers and greenery.

bi ESCORT MAKING RBADY.

Further down the river, as one began to

see the openings of the bays, were to be

| noticed the first evidence of the official

|

|

escort which was later to »recede the

THE CLERMONT: little replicas, the Clermont anc Me Half

Moon, up the river. This evidence was in
the form of a squadron of United States
revenue boats, some of which were later to
give good service in aid of the police boats.
A little beyond them, headin:;; toward
the Staten Island shore, you came upon a
flotilla of United States torpedo boat de-
etroyers, eight of-them, low lying, black,
businesslike concerns which, whatever
their particular offices in war may be, are
the most warlike looking craft in Uncle
Sam's navy.
\ But among those on board the early
investigating craft in Staten Island

waters the liveliest interest was felt in |

the historic reproductions. They la} over
in the wide mouth of the Kill van Kull,
guarded by police boats, because every
other kind of a boat which made its
early appearance there displayed a too

Up the Bedeon and Greeted the Naval | friendly interest and if unrestrained by

Parade—Vesseis of Every Type and
Many Nations in the Demonstration
That Marked the Real Beginning of
the Hudsen Celebration— Receptions

Weather Turned @ut

 
 
 
  
  
 
 
   
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 

@esisted by several thousand foreign
friends and several hundred thousand
friendly neighbors. pitched in with
kindly purpose to enjoy the start of

Hudeon-Fulton celebration

» i with a multitude as perhaps merely
@ fairly active interest worked up with
*. ciroumstances throughout the
} @my until it culminated in a burst of

glorious enthusiasm.

tminds of some millions of people who

but it

me ot it themselves,

" Condition of the weather are
wg
tay be set right on the matter. It is
 @mough to say that the day was perfect

; ‘ @ cloudless sky, cool air and a brisk
northerty wind which kept myriads of

flags briskly fluttering through-
out day and night.

‘Oh, but here is one thing more weather-
wise that be noted! Just as the
last Of the long marine parade was slowly
aking ite way up around the northern-
most end of the nine miles of battleships
and as the first end of the evening parade
‘was getting into formation the sun set,

a>
“e

&.

|

 

Faverable. | carve out with a jackknife.

ice ~persuasion would fairly have
noeed the little fellows out of the water.
There was much to awaken interest in
those little craft. The Half Moon looked
like @ toy to put on a mantelpiece or,
still more in, miniature, to use as a watch

and Dinners « Part of the Day's Fes- | charm. She looks like something that
tivities, Made All the Better Because | 2° old salt down in Sailors Snug Harbor

might design out of his idle fancies and
Descrip-

| tions enough have been printed of her,

 

 

With Nature's amiable aid New York, | but a little more must be said here, partly

to illuminate her amazing performance a
little later when she seemed to try to sink
her rival, the Clermont, and failing in
that ran amuck among the flotilla of
torpedo boat destroyers, acting for all the

THE HALF MOON'S BEAK.

Let it be known, then, that her bowsprit
is a wonderfully carved afid painted con-
traption shaped like the beak of abird
of prey. Her jibboom,.on the contrary,
is a modern looking spar, but not as in

Naturally the weather was on the | modern ships an extension of her bow-

sprit, but starte independently from her

| stem and rises at a more acute angle than

{

purposed taking part in or witnessing | her bowsprit. Stepped well forward is a
yesterday's various marine aspectacies,| mast, to which three square sails are
been observed that folks who | rigged, and this whole mast has a slant
are intenisted in the weather take note | forward imetead of aff

mast, square rigged bas
n wtant tt and is of ‘ee
and her mizvenmast, a single stick, is

‘merely that permanent history | rigged with a single spar sail somewhat

like a spritsail, and also suggesting the
lateen sail of Italian fishermen. She was
manned with about twenty sailors dressed
in sailor toggery of 1609 and officered by
a skipper adorned with remarkable whis-
kers and a sugarloaf hat, and who wore
white silk stocking».

The sailors themselves were in blue
or red or buff jackets, heavy knicker-
beckers and woollen stockings. Many
observers must have wondered if the
strange little craft could sail, and thereby
hangs a tale.

The bull of the Clermont is rather
amart in appearance, but what made her

aid finding over in the west there a filmy | remarkable to look upon was her boiler

galst to paint it forthwith painted it in [openly and honestly planted on deck
ee ~ - jand her uncovered side wheels looking

and far flung streamers of orange
blue.
‘ou observe the compliment.

company the sun sank down
behind a wide banner of ite
@olors, orange, white and blue.

BARLY TO THE CELEBRATION.

j of a morning when they are

It is the truth at the
thousands of New Yorkers were
diligently making their way to the free
of lawn and terrace and road and
along Riyerside Drive and far
point where the drive ends,
Spuyten Duyvil. Those who
viewpoints at an early hour
not destined to wait in vain for enter-
t. The stretches of the river
ive and brilliant with hundreds—
it is not exag tion to say
thousands—of . the little ones
places in the river coves,
making their way to their
ions

if

i
ri

E
5

Ht

|

ii

:

eight bells ruffled up and
line of warships a magic
the very instant of the
‘bell nine miles of warships
almost instantly, dressed
stern and up over their
ose that had them—or their
tops—those that had them—or
case many of the Americans
the tops of those wonderful new
which the wise tell us are designed
pied by men who control the
guns,
t was an inspiring sight to see
housands of brilliantly colored
all at once to that brisk cool
to realize the orderly disci-
which made possible such a beauti-
transformation scene.
THE SALUTE BEGINS.

Koon after eight bells, early as it was,

il

&
F

iratiit
isteeil

+

  
 
        

&
E

.
Pe2:

1
bE

>

HH

ful

 

about midway in the long oqpeme of war
vessels marking the centre/of the river
began a bewildering series of salutes.
The Germans fired from their gun decks,
she French from saluting guns in their
fighting tops, and whatever it is agout—
bd to do with a scooting

up and down the river of launches fly-
ing Admirals’ flags—it was a lively inau-
of a very gay day on old Hudson,

Not quite with the promptness of the
sight bells. but while those salutes were
Sgoing on, thousands of yachts, steam and
gail, big, handsome, oceangoing private
cruising and racing craft, saucy

motor boats, power boate of the kind
wage vein their owners and families live,

like old-fashioned water wheels. At a

| quarter after 10 o'clock Dalzalline gave

The |g towline to the Clermont and the tug
unpeintéed mist supplied the streamers of Dalzell passed out a new hemp hawser
white, and there at the end of aday which | to the Half Moon, and under tow both
New York had devoted in large part to craft began to move around toward St.
@elebrating an achievement of an old | George.

THE CI.PRMONT STARTS UFI"

Presently the Clermont's skipper, eager,
as it appeared, to show that he could make

| headway under his own power, cast off
New Yorkers are accused of being ; his towline. The frank little millwheels
*. jeisurely in starting their day, but they | began to revolve in the right direction,

ean be up brisk and smiling at 6 o'clock | and to the surprise of a multitude the
on pleasure | precise reproduction of the first steamer
whimsical ; to ply the Hudson struck out an inde-

pendent automatic course in a general
direction of the St. George ferry landing.
Observing this the skipper of the Half
Moon had a feeling that that was more
than h'iman nature— Dutch human nature,
anyway—should be called upon to stand
without a challenge in kind.

It was the beginning of. trouble.
Straightway a lot of knickerbookered
sailors on the Half Moon went shinning
up aloft and to the vociferous delight of
every one they began shaking out the
fore, squaresai] and topsail of the little
craft. When theese sails, which looked
absurdly large in comparison with the
size of the ship that bore them, to
draw, what did the Dutch skipper do but
cast off his towline. Could she sail? Weill,
rather.

She turned her beaked nose toward St.
George also and pursued a zigzag course
That was all right,

everybody

Clermont got tired and her wheels stopped
when she was within a stone's throw of
the St. George ferry landing, and there
she lay headed east. The Half Moon
made a beautiful crescent turn and headed
for the Clermont. Naturally no .one
thought that there was going to be
trouble of the kind that ooourred; it was
thought the Dutch skipper had it in mind
to show off some neat seamanship. Per-
haps he would round the Clermont or
draw up alongside and pass over a bottle
of schnapps.

THE CRANKINESS OF THE HALF MOON.

Right here it should be explained that
the rudder of the Half Moon can only be
turned, and it is turned of course by an
old fashioned whip staff, ten degrees port
or starboard from centre. It appears
that that isn’t much of a turning for a
sailor not brought up in the nautical
school of 10009. Anyway that ten de-
grees wasn't enough for the Half Moon
and she pursued a cigzag course toward
the Clermont. People began to gasp.

The Clermont's skipper rang hie pad-
dies astern, and they actually made one
half turn in that direotion. Then he
rang ahead, and the mill wheels turned

Continued on Fifth Page.

 

 
 

+ NEW YORK,

| aUTos BY THE THOUSANDS. |
| The Drive Fairty Choked With Them Dur-\
ing the Parade. }

 

There are something |like 80,000 auto-
mobiles licensed in this State, and @ not
very vivid imagination was needed yer-
terday afternoon to figure that most
of them were on Riverside Drive. The
pathway from Seventy-second street
to 145th street was jammed with them,
and when occasionally the police held
them up in order to let persons cross
the road, a tangle of about fifty were
massed on either side of the traffic bar
in a very few minutes. |

The taxicab folks did a fine business, |
most of the fares riding sitting up on
the folded over tops in order to look
over the heads of the crowd and get 4
view of the parade on the water that way.

Owing to repairs, the part of the drive
from 145th street to about 152d street
is cut off from general use. The auto-
mobilists ran their care into the piece
of roadway that was left and parked
them there. They also choked up the
side streets from Broadway to the drive,
between 145th and 152d streets, letting |
their cars run down the incline and stop- |
ping them in favorable places. It took
a lot of trouble to reverse the machines
baok up the grades when the parade
was over and the folks wanted to get
away.

SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER

POLICE FAIL TO |
HOLD CROWDS

In Early Evening Every One
Tried to Go Somewhore
at Same Time,

TRENSIT LINES ALL CHOKED

 

Commissioner Bugher, Who Was
in Command, Couldn't
Supply Men. -

 

 

26, 1909 ,—copurign:, 1900, by the Sun Printing and, Publishing Association.

| REVENUE CUTTER KILES GIRL,

 

Seneca Rams Ferryboat Hepatcong Off
106th Btreet-—-Two Hart.

The Lackawanna ferryboat Hopatcong,
on ite way up the Hudson with 1,200 pas-
sengers aboard, was rammed opposite
106th street last night at about 10 o’clock
by the revenue cutter Seneca, and Miss
Frances I. Stevens of East Orange was
killed and Ruth Dollber of 10 Shepherd
avenue, East Orange, N. J., had ber leg
broken.

The Hopatcong was struck amidships
on her port side, the prow of the Seneca
crushing through the overhang and tear-
ing tnto about ten feet of the upper and
lower decks. The young women were
friends and were sitting togetKer oppo-
site the stairs on the lower deck. When
the crash came everybody on that deck
tried to get upstairs, andin this attempt
Miss Stevens was caught between the
prow of the Seneca and the stairs and
was crushed to death. Edna Dollber,
sister of Ruth, was also, badlf bruised.

Acoording to passengers on the Hopat-
cong the Seneca stood so high in the
water that the bow light could not be seen.
A doren other boats in the neighborhood
stood by to give assistance and more
than half of the passengers were taken off.
Some reached the top deck and climbed
onto the Seneca over the prow. Within
ten minutes after the collision the Seneca’s

The drive was massed with people! Calls for Ald From Subway and Mlevated | prow was withdrawn from the gash in the

'from an early hour in the day. The!
police took care to keep them moving |
on the sidewalks and did not let them |
fringe the wall in such numbers that,
passing was impossible. Riverside, Park |
presented a number of splendid slopes

 

 

which made excellent natural grand
stands.
|GREAT DAY FOR TAXICABS.

| Rvery Meter Vehicle That Could Be,
Rented Was Taken Before Night.

|
The demand for motor vehicles of -all |
sorts, and particularly taxicabs, ex-
ceeded all expectations last night. Man-
agers of garages said that every avail-
able automobile was in service. As
for taxis, the companies reported that
if their equipment had been ten times
as great the demand would have been
far in excess of the supply.
The New York Taxicab Company had
700 machines in service. They were
anapped up during the afternoon. The

 

 

New| world as if she had declared war on | New York Transportation Company, with

'@ and its visitors’ good intentions | the United States, was glad of it and/500 machines on the street, had to begin
had the friendly favor of the weather | Proposed to make a short job of the
_ throughout the day, and what started | *ir-

refusing patrons long before the theatre
hour. The Central Park Taxicab Com-
pany had 100 taxis out and could have
placed 1,000. Twelve or fourteen of the
smaller concerns that had from fifteen
to fifty machines in use reported that
they had calla for hundreds. All the
hotel stands were barren of anything
resembling an automobile.

Fifth avenue, Broadway and River-
side Drive were crowded with automo-
biles, public and private; some stealthily
stealing up behind the pedestrian and
nipping him unawares, others distract-
ingly importunate in their warnings.

The Di : | Ave AMT
operated sixty-five coaches on Fifth
avenue, its full complement. Every

bus, holding from forty to fifty persons, |
was crowded

THE LONESOME FAST RIVER.

The Other Stream Had Almost All the
Attractions Yesterday.

The Fast River could hardly have been
more lonesome when Henry Hudson
sailed into the harbor three centuries
ago than it was yesterday. There was
no tangle of boats off the Battery end,
where each day big tows are made up
to go to Albany, Troy and through the
canal. No tugs plied up and down
seeking jobs or bent on some mission.
The steam lighters that help to make it
so busy were absent, and steam yachts,
big steamers that are usually crowded
with passengers bound for Eastern ports
and other craft were missing too.

This loneliness was noticed from early
morning. Occasionally a ferryboat with
just a few passengers crossed the river,
and once during the early afternoon a
small harbor tug with a barge loaded
with bricks was seen bucking the tide.

The piers were deserted too. All work
seemed to have been suspended. The
last of the business in the river was when
the Sound steamers passed through early
in the morning, crowded with visitors
to the show. Everything had gone west.
The street urchins who play about the
pliers and the waterfront had gone, and it
was quieter on each side of the East River
than on Sunday.

Brooklyn seemed deserted too, except
that part that fronted on the water where
the big pageant was. A few blocks away
from that waterfront the borough was
deserted. In walking through these
deserted streets one occasionally saw
smoke rising from a chimney, showing
that a few had remained at home, and
onoe in a while a perambulator was seen
on the street.

WHAT WILL AIL THEM?
Palisadce Spectators Nestled in Loxurtant
Clamps of Poison Ivy.

A great many persons who saw yes-
terday's big parade from the wooded
slopes of the Palisades over in Jersey
will probably wonder in the near future
what is the matter with their faces and
hands. It is probable that physicians
and others will tell them that they are
suffering from ivy poisoning.

The bing three leafed ivy grows
luzuriantly in many of the prettiest
spots on the top and sides of the bluff,
and as nearly all the shady nooks, acces-
sible rocks and other “good places” were
occupied during the afternoon and
evening the poisonous vine had a chance
to get in ite work.

Persons who do noi live in the country
snuggled comfortably in great clusters
of ivy leaves and handled the vine with
no thought of future trouble. Others
out off sections of the vine which partly
obstructed their vision and made wreaths
of the leaves. The wise ones who knew
what the shrub is capable of doing believe
that the poison ivy crop of irritating
itches will be a large one.

 

Twe British hips Open.

Two of the British battleships stationed
in the harbor will be opened to the public
a every afternoon from 3 to 6
o" }

   

lafter 9 o'clock, after talking over the

Stations, Chiefy From 06th Street,
Were Insistent and Polfcemen Had to
Be Summoned From Breoklyn—The
Jam Straightened liscif Out and at
10:30 o'Clock the Situation Was Un-
der Control Again--Fight on One
Train Stalls Others for Hours
—Riverside Park Became So Jammed
That Inspect or Schmit therger Ordered
Both Entrances Closed -Twenty Min-
utes From Street to the Subway.

The policing of the subway and surface
traffic last night was the most serious
problem that the police have tackled for
years. Commissioner Bugher at Police
Headquarters was always in direct tele-
phone connection with Inspector Max
Schmittberger at the reviewing stand at
110th street and with the various pre-
cinct commanders.

At 8 o'clock things began to look bad.
The subway by that hour was completely
choked al! along the line north of Ninety-
sixth street and schedules were in a state
of chaos. Precinct commanders at the
various stations of the subway were

telephoning the Deputy Commissioner
at headquarters every few minutes, tell-
ing him that they could not control the
crowds at the stations and that they
needed more police.

The Commissioner at once sent to
Brooklyn for every available man, and
policemen were rushed from all the down-
town and East Side precincts. Shortly

telephone with several captains, Deputy
Commissioner Bugher said:

“The conditions in the subway are
already serious. When the crowd breaks
for home the police will be taxed to their
utmost strength, but we will use every
possible precaution to hold the crowds
in check. It all depends on the way the
people act as to how bad matters get,
but policemen will be rushed from the
river front to the traffic centres along with
the crowd, and in that way we can proba-
bly gain and keep the upper hand.”

The first trouble started in at 3:30, when
the crowds along the river front began
to go home and the crush on the subway
and elevated lines was terrific. The Inter-
borough officials sent out call after call
for reenforcements, unti] there was a
sergeant and ten men at all subway sta-
tions from Seventy-second street to Dyck-
man street.

The principal congestion was at Ninety-
sixth atreet. There the crowds became
overwhelming. They rushed in by the
exits as well as the entrances and over-
whelmed the police by force of numbers
until thirty men were on duty and the
semblance of order restored. So it was
all along the line, principally at 103d,
110th, 116th and Manhattan streets.

At 149th street and Third avenue, a
transfer point to the elevated, traffic
was at a standstill at 8 o'clock. The
Interborough company telephoned to
Police Headqui that the stairs were
jammed «0 that movement was im-
possible. A sergeant and twenty men
were hustled up there.

Frank A. Council, a negro porter an
the elevated, got in a fight at 140th street
and Lenox avenue at 7:30 o'clock. It
took several policemen to pull him off
the train, which was stalled for fifteen
minutes. This so tied up the system
that a hurry cell was sent out for the
reserves from the Morrisania and Alex-
ander avenue stations.

This early block at 149th street had its
effect for hours afterward. The crowds
below this point, held up for lack of
trains, grew rapidly at all stations and
Deputy Commissioner Bugher was kept
busy sending men all along the line north
of Seventy-second street.

At about 10 o’clock the crowd gath-
ered on the slopes of Riverside Park to
witness the fireworks and searchlight
illumination became so great that In-
spector Schmittberger gave orders to
close up the entrances. The crowds
at the subway stations had tiinned some-
what before the night crowd started on
the rush home, but more policemen were
sent to the different stations in antici-
pation of what was coming when the
rush started. The crowds in Brooklyn
and Staten Island had dispersed at this
time. More policemen were sent to the
Brooklyn Bridge to be ready for the
homegoing crowds.

By 10:30 o'clock the police had entire
control of the crowds at the subway
stations. While thousanda were jammed
into Broadway at Ninety-sixth street
and other points north the police had
control of the subway entrances and
kept the crowds in lines,ao that it took
only about twenty to twenty-five minutes
to travel from the street level to the ticket

by | boxes.

The crowd began to thin eo rapidly
near 11 o’clock that conditions took on
@ mere every day rysh hour look. Not
an accident was reported in the subway
Pe ne

’

 

side of the ferryboat. It was then seen
that the hull of the latter was not injured.
The crew of the Hopatcong acted quickly
and yuieted the passengers, so that there
was very littlepanicon board. Theferry-
boat was taken back to her dock in Ho-
boken.

At about the same time the Albany Day
Line steamer Robert Fulton collided with
the barge Andrew M. Church off 129th
street. Both boat and barge had several
feet of railing torn away, but no one was
hurt. Several women aboard the steamer

fainted, but the crew prevented any!

 

trouble. eae 5

EX-GOV. BELL DIES ON TRAIN.

Was at Grand Central Waiting to Go
Home te Vermont.

Charles James Bell, former Governor
of Vermont, died on a New York Central
train late yesterday afternoon just as

it was a to leave the Grand Central
Station fox Boston. He had been in the
city for a few days on a business trip

and was on his way to his farm at East
Hardwick, Vt.

Just before the train left the station
Gov. Bell was taken sick and called a
porter to him. Dr. Sanford, the station
physician, was sent for, but the Governor
died before the doctor reached him.
It was not known then who he was, andthe
body was ordered removed to the Morgue,
where it remained last night.

Charles James Bell was born in Wal-
den, Vt., in 1845 of Sootch descent. He
was educated in the district schools until
1862, when he enlisted in the Union army
aa @ private in the Fiftee nth Vermont

try. eter he was trapaterred to

cavalry corps, and although only
a boy was soon promoted to a corporal.
He was wounded in the Virginia campaign
just before the close of the war.

After the war Mr. Bell engaged in
farming and began his political career
when he was elected to the House of the
State Legislature in 1882. In 18% he was
sent to the Senate and from 1896 to 1896
he served as a Railroad Comissioner.
From 1897 te 1904 he was a member of
the Vermont Board of Agriculture, during
six years of which time he was the
secretary of the board. In the capacity
of a Cattle Commissioner Mr. Bell served
for six years.

He was elected Governor of the State
in 1004 and served one term. He had
been master of the State Grange since
1804 and was on the executive committee
of the National Grange.

FIRE AT THE WHITE HOUSE.

It Was in the Partition in the Main Recep-
ton Reem of the Executive Offices.

Wasuinaton, Sept, 25.—At about 5:15
this afternoon an alarm was turned in
from the executive offices on account of
a fire in the partitjoo in the main recep-
tion room, casued probably by a defeo-
tive flue of the furnace, which is directly
underneath that room. The fire burned
some of the wooden joists and went up-
ward through the hollow part of the par-
tition, which ts of wire netting, and the
plaster.

The firemen were compelled to chop a
great hole in the side of the wall from oeil-
ing to floor and the fire was quickly ex-
tinguished with a line of hose from the
ohemical wagon. Although there was a
steamer there it was not mecessary to
use a large stream of water.

In order not to cause too much excite-
ment or to gather too great a orowd only
two wagons were sent, a steamer and the
chemical. As soon as the alarm was
turned in all of the gates were closed and
policemen were stationed at various
points to keep out the crowd, whiocn
however did not gather, and there were
probably not more than a hundred people
who got to the soene.

The furnace was lighted this morning
to furnish heat to out the plaster in
the addition to thé executive offices. As
far as the fire authorities who were on
the job could remember, this yas about
the first fire in the White House since the
Britiah took a hand at it in 1814. The

was very slight and can be

damage
quickly repaired.
WIRELESS TELEPHONE FEATS.

French Naval Men Talk 150 Miles Apart
With Great (Ci ess.
Spectal Cable Despatch to TUB SUN.
Panis, Sept. 25.—Charies Boa, naval
expert, describes the most recent ¢ xperi-
ments of naval Lieutenants Colin and
Jeance in wireless telephony. Lieut.
Colin, on board the-cruiser Condé, an-
chored in Salino Roadstead, talked with

 

 

the utmost clearness with Lieut. Jeance

at Port Vendres, distant 150 miles.
As wireless depends for its
of the attenna,

success upon the
those used the tenants were of

t. but successful tests
were made with boat destroyers
at a distance of fifty-four miles,

 

 

ede

 

*

FORTY PAGES.

INTERBOROUG B'S RECORD DAY.

 

 

@ubway and Elevated Lines Carried Over
2,000,000 Pereons.

Manager Hedley of the Interborough
Company gave out a statement last night
in which he stated that yesterday was
the biggest day the company ever had
with no exception. Over 3,000,000 persons
were handled during the day, fairly
divided between the elevated and subway
systems. Traine were run on the shortest
headway oonsistent with safety. The
only trouble experienced was with con-
gestion at the different stationa The
apparatus worked faultlessly. The com-
pany was ‘compelled to bring into use
elevated cars abandoned years ago and
st ored in the shops.

So many tickets were shoved into the
boxes at some stations that the receptacies
were packed full ‘and carpenters were
summoned to break them open.

HORSEWOMAN KILLED.

Skull Crashed by Herse’s Hoof After She
Had Been Thrown Of.

Mognt Vernon, Sept. 25.—Mrs. Grace
Schoett, sister of Stanley Dwight of
Premium Point, was thrown from her
horse on the Boston post road this after-
noon near the entrance to Premium Point
as she was returning home. One of the
horse's hoofs struck her on the head and
crushed her skull. She died instantly.

lt is said that the horse was frightened
by an automobile. Mrs. Schoett was an
expert horsewoman.

CZAR’S MAIL ‘BAG VANISHES.

Found Again, but Maybe Some State
Secrets Were Abstracted.

Special Cable Despatch to Tux Scn.

Paris, Sept. 26.—The Journal pub-
lishes a despatch from St. Petersburg
stating that the Czar’s mail bag disap-
peared from the Central Railway station
in St. Petersburg.

It was eventually found on the plat-
form, still containing letters and doou-
ments. It is feared that some of the
contents were stolen.

$13,000,000 UNCLAIMED.

Vast Treasores Frem Messina May Ge
te the Liallan Government.
Spectal Cable Desp atch to THR SUN.

Roms, Sept. 25.—It is estimated that
$2,000,000 in coin, $6,000,000 in bonds and
ather securities, and $1,000,000 worth of
jewels recovered from the ruins of Messina
are stil) unclaimed.

In addition to the foregoing there is a
further deposit of a hundred strong
boxes and 4,000 sealed packages, known
to contain valuables, which have not been
opened, representing at least $4,900,000.
This total of $13,000,000 does not include
the treasures from the cathedral, churches
and vaults of banks.

The valuables were simply excavated
and were sometimes found clutched in the
dead hands of unidentified men and
women. The excavations will be com-
menced again on October 1, when the un-
claimed deposits will naturally increase.

As itis generally impossible for survivors
to establish claims to the property, the
State will benefit largely.

 
   
  
  
   
  
   
  

RAIN OF METEORS.

Honelala Sees Nearly Ferty Drep Inte
the Ocean in a Night.
Spectal Cable Despatch to Tum Sun.
HONOLULU, Sept. 25.—A rain of meteors
which swept over Honolulu and vicinity
caused alarm last night. °
More than forty brilliant meteors were
counted as they fell into the ocean. None
fell in the city and no damage is reported.

 

CITY NIGHT.

Hundreds Enter fer a Leok Around
—Bulliding Guarded for Fire.

The corridors of the City Hall were
opened to the publio last night and hun-
dreds took advantage of the opportunity
to examine the paintings and plaques
on the ls. The pillars and walle were
draped th bunting and greens and
the interior was illuminated brightly
with e!«ctric lights

To control the large crowds which
besieged the entrance all but one of
the iron gates were closed and only a
few persons were allowed to enter at a
time. Even with this arrangement the
crowd became unruly several times and
it was necessary to close the gate for
several minutes. The corridors will be
open every evening this week, but the
offices are closed.

To guard against a fire starting from
a short circuit Battalion Chief Ross, two
lieutenants and fourteen firemen were
detailed to remain in the building all
night.

TEN SAVED WHEN BOAT SINKS,

Oconee Collides in Hariem Ship Canal
Wtth Tug Wellington. ;

The power boat Oconee, with four
women and six men on board, was cut
down and sunk at Spuyten Duyvil last
night by the tug Wellington. Her pas-
sengera narrowly escaped death.

Thomas Airey of 308 East Seventy-third
street, owned the craft. With him were
hia wife, his brother John, Mr. and Mra.
George Ruckert, George J. Distler, deputy
eounty clerk of county, and his

HALL OPEN AT

 

a a

wife; Mies Irene Garrety, Mise Nell Jowett,
and Jon C. Morse. sie Wien
© boat was through Har!
Wellington while peselt through the
e mw

New York Central 7 none the ‘udason,
John waa thrown overboard by the
i e swam ashore

ape? Sal

GOV. JOHNSON LEFT 835,000.

Will Bequceaths Entire Estate to His
Widew.

Str. Pavt, Minn., Sept. 25.—It was
learned to-day that Gov. Johnson left
a will giving all his estate, which probably
will aggregate %35,000, to his wihlow
Elinore Johneon.

It was not known that Gov. Johnson

 

had sanep © We. i Sane BS ere
Gath iat vaste he le

Burns of the tug Castle Point
the yacht sank.
private papers in a

' Pommar, Sarre Py MO,
Pafr and continued cool to-day and to-mor-
row; moderate northeasterty-winds.

 

 

   
 
   
     
  
  
  
    
    
   
   
   
      
   
   
    
   
    
   
    
   
  
  
   
    
    
   
    
  
  
    
    
   
   
   
   
  
  
   
  
     
   
  
  
   
  
   
 
  
  
  
    
  
  
   
   
    
   
   
    
  
  
     
   
  
  
   
  
   
    
  
   
  
    
  
     
    
      
    
   
   
  
 
   
  
  
   
  
    
   
   
  
   
  
  
    
   
   
  
 
 
 
 
  
   

i

~

ad

PRIGE FIVE CENTS.

RIVER AND CITY
IN FIERY GLORY

A Wight of Brightness and
Blaze on Land and
Water.

aye

 

‘9

SHIPS PICKED OUT INLIGHTS

: i

Searchlights Playing All About
Reveal the Boats Moving in
informal Parade.

 

Fireworks, However, Prove a Disappoints ——
ment—(rowd Tires When Programme ©
Is About Half Done and Rest of Ex-
hibition Is Given Over—The Beavty
of the Earlier Part of the Night's
Lighting Effects a Compensation fer
This—Shore Crowded With These
Eager to Watch Warships Light Up
and to See Battery of Searchlighta
Repetition of Parade of Craft of
Eartter Part of the Day Expected, bat
No Regular Movement Was ‘Made.

vd

Ad

As well behaved lights in a theatre © §
should do, the sun faded away back of "4
the Jersey hills promptly on time last
night, and the audience settled itself
then to enjoy the night show of illumina-
tions and fireworks—with Manhattan
and the North River as the parquet of
the theatre, the Palisades and the Staten
Island hills as the first baloony and the f
far summits of the Ramapos and the a
Oranges and the hills of Westchester . ~
and Long Island as the top gallery. ‘

There was a moon looking down upon
Manhattan when the town flared up in
all its night glory for the firsttime during
the celebration, but the moon looked ~—
as if she were heartily ashamed of herself
—and she should have been too. She =
made a special effort by throwing one of.
those big rings around herself that she =~
sometimes sports, but even then she § ~
looked at times like a patch of shadow
by comparison.

The baldheaded row of seats of this hill
rimmed theatre last night was of course ab
the North River and 110th street. That was
the point where the notables had seen the
day parade of boats on the Hudson and it ‘
was to this point that thousands who could
get seats there and other thousands that
couldn't hastened as soon as the sun went
out. Whistler, who used to say that the
most beautiful thing in the world to him
was a river rimmed with lights at night,
should have seen the Hudson last night
about 9 o'clock.

The starry sky had fallen down and had
landed bright side up and rested where
water was earlier. As early as 6:30 o'clock,
when the City Hall, all the borough halls
of the greater city, the big East River
bridges, the skyscrapers, hotels and
everything elke hereabout sent forth
their first flash of lights, all the river lit up
also. In front of the big white pylons of
staff at the foot of 110th street lay the liner
Nieuw Amsterdam with every line she

| owns studded with ligitted bulbs.

Only fifty or seventy-five yards from the
shore the little Half Moon and the Cler-'
mont lay at anchor, but as they were
not light strewn you knew them only as
blurs of shadow on an oily river that a
tried its best to reflect the lights that —
stretched north and south as far as the
eye could see. The Dutch boat Utrecht,
lying just to the north of the Nieuw Am-
sterdam, also lighted up ahead of time,
but her chief electrician threw the switeh
after a few moments, leaving his vessel
again in darkness so that she too could
flash forth with the others when 8 o’clook
and the signal to let ‘er go should happen
along. .

FRENCH SHIPS. FINE.

The French’ warships, & bit to the
south, kept their lights burning steadily,
however, from 6:30 o'clock until very
late, and they looked especially attrac
tive because of the colored bulbs inters
spersed with the regulation incandes-
cents. From the waterfront a few yards
in front of you to the rim of the Palisades,
up and down as far as you could see,
there were lights and lights and more”

¥

ty

18
Real

 

my
#

it

fica i 8:

ne

Jersey waiting for the “cornet” signal of
four red lights to be flashed from the
Connecticut, far above Grant's
the other boats streaming many
all the way to the bay—the

eredE