‘Seo fits

.

 

and moved into the house on University
Heights a year after the death of his!
firet wife Reside talking much of hie |
fireat wife, he had believed for sume time
that he wae losing all bis property. A
month ago Mr. Miller saw Moritz and
went over some of his affairs with him. ,
Their fathers had been friends and Mr
Miller had been the real estate man's
adviser and attorney for twenty vears
Mr. Moritz at that time told the Borough
President that a good part of his money
had been lost. Mr. Miller. who had taken |
all Moritz’s affairs in charge after the!
mans malady became more serious, }
ameured him that this was not the case |
and that practically all hie investments,
were turning out extremely well.
Moritz seemed somewhat pacified.
but told hie friend that he did not believe
that life was worth living !
A more careful search of the house
revealed signs of a struggle all through
the halle between the library and the
basement and the closet in which George
Moritz was found. The indications were
that the boys had fought their father every
inch of the war
There was little to indicate which one
of the sons had met his death firat. The)
police were inclined to beliewe that the!
elder boy had heen forced to-hts room and
the yourger boy held beck by blows
and threats unt! the first murder had,
been accomplished

 

WINSTON OVERTAARING SALEW..

Nerth Carotine’s Joint Tewns Are Not
Almays in Cererd.

There are two good sized

 

towns in
between them, and if you want to be per- |
fectly sure that a letter will not go astray |
you have to address it to both of them |
"Ro it was that George © Tudor, a business |
man of Winston, registered at the Im- |
perial the day before vesterday from!
Winston-Salem. That is the name of the
post office according to a decision of the
Postmaster-General a few years ago
» Baiem has been in existence almost
as long as North Carolina has, but Win- |
ton i6 a modem product. The former |}
was an old Moravian settlement and to!
@ certain extent maintains the repose
apd dignity to whieh i's inhabitants
feel it has a claim, while Winston. just
ecross the read from it, has hustled from
the first. The tohaceo business has made
Winston and it now dominates Salem,
though each has ite own Mayor and mu-
Ricipal government
"Winston has now a population of at
least 20,000,” said Mr Tudor vesterday
“while Salem's is mucn smaller There
weed to be two post offices unt! a few
rm a~. but now there i only one,
the hyphenated name There
always been «4 great deal of rivairy
the two towns You see. when
the railroad came along Winston hap-
to be nearer to it and got 1 The
has grown to such an extert that
it is now divided from Salem only by a
e@treett. This is Church street and the
towne run along togetber for a mile In
Selem vou will be walking along “ait
atreet and then when you cross Church
will be walking in Liberty «treet
the streets running in that direction
another name when they cross
street Then there is a great
ce in the looks of the towns and
ip the improvements that are being made
Winston last year spent 90.07 on its
@treets. A few vears ago the people of

made a great fight for the new
} building that was abou‘ be
built, but Winston got it But there

a lot of men living in Salem whe do,
Seeunces in Winston. preferring to jocate |
their banks 2nd offices where ‘he greater
business is done) Why. Winston is start -
ing to build in the direction of sity

rs, one of the banks putting up

an t story building. whereas hereto
fore three and four stories
tho t high enough

_ re are strong indications
Winston and Salem will soon he
During the last four months agitation
for consolidation hae heen going on
and at some time before next fall this
will probably be aubmitted to a popular
vote

have tween

that
one

of the
region
wheat

“While Winston i# in the centre

t North Carolna  tohaceo

farmers have begun te

growing. and th proving successful

with modern methods the production
of wheat '# rapidiy increasing ~

ASSEMBLY WAN IS HELD.

Gracbard Wilt Be Tried fer Punching
Jewish ( ongregation President.
Most of the members of the Sheear:
Shoynim, which is the First Rumanian
American (ongregation. "ent to Fasex
Market court yesterday to hear the ex
@zamination of Assembivmon Montz
Graubard of the Fighth Assembly dis-
trct Graubard was arrested a week
ago charged © th feloniousiv assaulting
Wolff Nadler, president of the congre
gation, in a fight which broke up the
evening fervices in the evnagogue at
@ Rivington street
Nadler said that Graubard had had
@ mad on him for some time becanee each
had his own ideas as to how the twenty
fifth anniversary of the aynagogue should
be moet fittingly celehrated Last Sunday
he said, while the congregation
out, the Assembiyman etruck
him in the face In the Aasembivman's
hand he si” something shine. and he
thought it was a pair of brass knuckles
mo Magistrate (orr@gan asked Ben -
n Muscovitz. a witness if he knew
nature of an oath he replied Sure
I do; that's what vou sign to get money * !

tres

A VENUS Pencil

for everybody's

every use.
17 Black Degrees: 6B to 9H.
2 “Copying.” S. and H.

AMERICAN LEAD PENCIL CO, N.Y

 

   

 

STOLE SAFE AND ROBBED IT.

Burglars 6.01 Vr. Hammerschiag 's 62.300
Stupefird Degs With Peisen.

 

station, Brooklyn, have under investi-
gation a burglary in the house of Israe!

'G. Hammerechiag, a dealer in bakers’

supplies at 146 Huron street. Hammer-
achiag kept a 300 pound safe in his kitchen
and on Friday night he placed $2.300 in
it. Tt is thought that while he waa count-

| ing the cash in the front basement dining

room he was observed from the street.
While Hammerschiag and his wife were

| asleep in their bedroom off the back par-

lor on Friday might, burgtare forced an
entrance from the yard and carried the
safe into «a storehouse adjoining the
dwelling In the storehouse two dogs
were kept. With a steel drill the thieves

‘bored holes im the bottom of the safe
North Carolina with only one post office }and blew it open. To deaden the noise |

of the explosion an old blanket was
placed around the safe

The robbery was discovered on Satur-
day morning The doge had probably
been poisoned with meat, a large chunk
bema found near where the animals
lay ina stupor. The police found a drill
in the vard and footprints led them to
believe that the burglars got into the
yard through a tenement house on India
street.

BRYAN NOT FOR SENATE.

Definitely Anneanced That He Will Not
He a ¢ andidate.

Omanea March 13, Wilham J Brvan
will positively not be a candidate for the
United Stetes Senate nor will he permit
the use of hia name im eng way for that
office Gilbert M Hitcheock, editor of
the Omaha World-Herald, on Monday
morning will announce that Mr Bryan
has given him his absolute promise to
keep out of the Senatorial race in Ne-

 

 

‘hraska and because of the positiontaken

by Brvan will make announcement of
his own candidacy for that office

Mr. Hitchecock is the present Congress-
man from the Omaha district, having been
elected three times from a Republican
district. His ambition has tong heen
toward the Senate. and in making his
announcement to-morrow he will aay

“Ome of the considerations which |
have taken inte account before making |
thie announcement has heen the ponsi-
mhty that Mr Bryan might be induced |
to allow the use of hie name asa candidate
for Senator |

“From a knowledge of his plane and |
from public announcement
thie hieghiv improhabie, but on account
of the importance of the matter | sought
4 personal interview with Mr Bryan
shortly before he left for South America
and learned from him definiueiv that he
would not permit the use of his name as
a candidate for the Senate nor accept a
nomination ~

Hitchcock announces should he re-
ceive the Democratic no ination that
he will challenge his Republican opponent
to a toint debate and will abide by the
vote of the State according to the Oregon
plan. and if defeared at the polle he wil!
net go before the Legislature as a can-
didate

 

 

—

CHANGES AT CORNELTI.

Werk in Medical Department at ithaca
Limited to One Year

Irwaca. March 13—The trustees of
Cornell University have decided to limit
the work in the medica! departmen’ at
Ithaca to one year in the future instead
of two, as has been the custom «ince
the school was founded Since the medical
college was made a graduate institution
and four vears course waa provided in
New York city the registration here has
heen lighter

The trustees aleo voted to transfer
the courses in mechanics and hydraulics
from the college of civil engineering and
put them into a new department in the
college of mechanical engineering. this
change (o take +ffect next fall

A vears leave of aheence was granted
Prof J. HH. Creighton. and Dr G. H
Sabine of Leland Stanford University
was appointed an assiefant professor of
gees hy tofll the temporary vacancy

of » H Reed wae appointed the
Cornell delegate to the international!
congress of zoology to be held next
summer in Graz, Auatna

STREET CAR SWASHFS ALTO.

(hacffeur Dicin't Slow tp at a Crossing
Car Passengers Shaken t p.

A car of the Hamburg avenue line
bound for the Wilhameburg Bridge struck
an automobile with six men in it yesterday
at Rockaway avenue and Somers street
The car was in charge of Motorman
Joseph Gilfeder and on the front platform

 

“prenrT on

}

consider |

 

 

LABORERS ( RGED TO DRAW O1T
DEPOSITS TO HELP STRIKE.
| Phitadeiphia Central Union Wants te Pun-

| teh Financiers for thppesing 4» mpa thy)
Watkeut. Votes Ake te @strarize

Union Men Whe Did Net Quit Werk. Periect Insurance Against Fire, Burglary,

PHItapecenia March 13.- The Central

| Labor Union, which has been stage man-
aging the general strike. voted to-day to

boycott the hanks and to “ostracize” all

union men who fail to go on etrike by to-

morrow night

| ‘The meeting was held in secret. The
_ delegates met to consider what means
|could be adopted to prop up a failing
movement.
| President

gloomy reports to the conference
They reported that every threat and
appeal designed to whip the public into

that the number of men on strike us
materially ‘eas than it was last week

For the first time mnce the general
strike began the union chiefs had to look
the situation squarely in the face. They
started ont with the snnouncement that
the business of the city would be tied up
|completely. Nothing of the sort hap-
‘pened. Philadelphia has been nicked in
places and wails have cone up from shop-
keepers in districts where the boycott
| has heen in operation. but the larger
| affairs of the city have been conducted
pretty much as if there were no such
| canker asa general sirke

The unions were forced to admit that
they haven't been suceessful even im de-
jpriving citrvens of their luxuries The
business of the theatres has improved
steadily. The receipta at the matinée of a
| Broad street theatre on Saturday were
$7.9) «= The) sorestaurants have suffered
tery little The big department stores
although seriously affected. have not
considered it necessary. as Was con-
templated a week ago. to shut down or to
diamiaa half of their emrlovees. The
milkman has gone hie morning rounds
the baker keeps turning ou! bread, the
bartender is on the job and there are more

street cars every day for people to ride in
Consideration of all points lad to
the most radical action the Central

Labor Union has yet taken. Murphy and
his advisers admitted that it was danger-
ous as well as radical. If the union men
who are threatened with o#traciem, re-
fused to be bullied) the effect may well
be a eplit in labor uniomem, which would
be disastrous to the stnkers It was a
chance. the leaders anid that they had to

take Their positron has become so
eritieal thet desperate devices seemed
, necessary

The first resolrtion discussed was armed
at the bankers of Philadelphia primaniy
and at the banking interests of the whole
country. The un furious at the
attitude of the financters of Philadelphia
It wae pianned to scare them into driv ng
the Rapid Trane: company into a com
promise with the carmen The bankers
whose opinions appear have heen

ons are

to

votced emphatically by George H. barle
president of the Heal Feiate Trust Com-
pany did not take fright at all Thev

made up their minds tha’ if was their
duty to stand betend the Ragd Transat
company and all employers “ho belleve
that they had « mgnt to conduct open
shops. Every effort made to get the
bankers to persuade the directors of the
‘P RR. T. to arbitrate failed absolutely
The bankers said quietly that they saw
no reason for interference on their part
So the Central Labor Union struck at the

 

bankers. Here is the resolution they
put over
| Whereas ortain hanker«e have deriared
their ermiparh the Vhiladeiphia Pare
Transit Compan n its fight subdue the
carmen s unler ane rie rhe general
atrike and are esting en other barkers to
take «<imilar artion. and
Whereas the banks ree’ upon the money |
deposited tev the rkhing mer tat Waomer
of Amerie and
V heres toe workers of the nation have
riedged to the Philade's s strikers their
ral and finan: sippor he er hat
ma “in mothe etre@g@e therefore
thee
Reasived. That the Central Leber ' nion
of Philadeiphia and viemiy hereby calla
pon the working men and semen of |
{merwa and their svmpathet.c friends as
fret symparhertic i raw al!
inets . have on "
the hank« there? caching ‘he hapkhers
that withoue ther f the workers therr
netitution=s ef foanre must he « failure

without f

t

the

” the anorkers al

neduistry

ate

roe

Neat the Central Labor Union resolved
oatract=e unten men who declined to
goonatrike The reselution gives them
npti| to-morrow night at midmight to fall
,in tine or he “outlewed~ Tt ia directed
against three unions principally. the bak-
ere the printers end the brewery workers

So far asthe brewery workers are con-
cerned they have been refused permission
to «trike bw their intesnational union,
which met in Cineinnat: last week and de
cided that «¢ could not countenance the
breaking of egreements without aepecific.
well founded grievance

Members of the Typographical Union
sard to-night that it was nonsense to think
ithat the Centra! Labor Union could com
\pel them to strike Suen action would
inot be possible without the permission of

tr

Muscovitz said that the day before! were six policemen of the Brownaville the international body and none of them

the assauit he heard President Nadler!
call the defendant vile names Six wit-!
messes who saw the assault failed to
establieh the presence of any brass
les, so Magistrate Corrigan changed
charge to sim asaanit and held
defendant i» bai! for tral in
| Sessions
On announcement of the verdict reoters
for Graubard and wailers for Nadler
made such a stir that Magietrate Corr-
had to order the court room cleared
lore he could hear another case

SALEM TO HONOR HAWTHORNE. |

Town Proposes to Erect a Monument and |
te Bay Hite Hirthplacc.

Satem, Mass. March 13.--An honorary |
committee association, composed f |
leaders of creative though! of the world
is to be invited to participate in immor
talizing Nathanie! Hawthorne in bronze
by the Hawthorne monument committees
of the Civic League and the leading citi
gene of Salem A monument to cost from |
925.008 1m 83.00 ww planned. The tenta-
tive design submitted by BOL Pratt
has heen generally approved at a mecting
of the committee |

Significant of a softening of th»

ww

 

  

  
   

thorne hatred prevalent in Salem (wo
decades ago. a feeling rout becuse
of him seeathing arraignm +n: fm
of the leading citizens of “is dav in
introduction to “The Searet i ie
meeting developed an over lenin
terest in the work of the « itt

A joint con tee erlivens willa
the committee of the ¢ Voom mine ’
Preparing the invilations to form the gp

arent henoary bad. whieh «to te

international n * perenne! nd i ter
collect the funds for the morn. im! and
if possible. purchas he borthplace of
the author

A suggestion for gathering a part of

S A ates ae ve — | it he collected

Pennies from the echool children of the

world end the coins cast into the aon
ted memorial, a siatue® feet tail.
. -™ -

ed

- i
: Ss n cen ty 0 Dau.

precinct on their way home from duty
The automomic. which belonged to FE. A
Pastre of 18 Ocean Parkway. was in charge
of Jonn A. Wilaon, who lives at 1248 Proe-
pectavenue He was rushing the machine
throug! Somers street and was bounding
over the westhound tracks when th:
ear etruck 1 broadside with such force
as to emash it

Wilson was severely cut by fragmenta
of giase. as was William H. Clague of 790
Gates avenue The naere in the
ear were tumbled about. but nobody was
hurt

SISTER TRIFD TO SAVE AIW.

But the \atemebiic Hit Her and Her Pty ¢-
Vear-Old Brother.
Five-year-old Edward Finn ran in
front of an automobile as he waa leav-
ing Central Park by the Waeet 100th «treet

, entrance at 5 o'clock yesterday afternoon

fie sietor Fligabeth. 16 yeara old. from
whom he had broken away. turned back
to snatch him out of the path, but both
were etruck and dragged across the
street. Filzanens jeft nee was cis-
located and her brother was cut and
bruised Both are at J. Hood Wright
Hospital and will reeover

The machine i the property of Cooley

Weet, reel estate brokers in Yonkers
Plies F Perry. an engineer of 382 Nt Nieh-

 

clas avenue, who was driving it wae
errested
$100,000 TIRF IN JAWESTOWY.

 

ne Fireman hilied era Another Fataty

ir howect
Jamretows N VY. March 13. Ina fire
whieh deetroved the intertur of the Coke
factory teoiding last night Fireman
Jonathan Hanson was killed by the col

lapse of a fire escape Foreman Alfred
F. Shoesmith fell four stories and sus-
tained a fractured akull, whi
hie death to-day, and Fireman Joel Oberg
The fire
a

believes that the International will con-
‘sent The same thing applies to the
bakers The latter are wall satisfied and
it is not like!ty that all of them could go
out even in the event that their Interna-
tional gave consent
The third action taken by the c LU
, to-day was the adoption of a resolution
requesting the individual uniens on
atrike to demand in case «a settlement
of the carmen’s trouble ia further poat-
ned a9 advance in wa and shorter
urs. The intent on is of course to fur-
nish all the strking unions with a specific
/grevance of ther own While labor

leaders are confident that the atrike will |
v admit that:

|not break to-morrow 1
it ia the crucial point in the conflict

There was a tightening of the lines
to-day A number of mass meetings
were held where enpeeches were

exhorting the strikers t> stand firm = To- |

night the leaders said that to-morrow
would open with the «trike still in full
«wing

The city officiala asked the Penner!-

,vania. Reading and Baltimore and Ohio |

railroads to discontinue running local
trains, trains that have heen of much
service to people living in sections of the
cue where the Rapid Transit Company's
service wre criy A 4 ropresenrative
Waa sent to the companies nh substance
he said
Now t*
resumed on
lit toe Sevor

the Raped Tronsit compe nya
ne direction feel thor

vou viatel aj mrirnwe t=." egtra tren
sfrciee poutoon cunmnme the trolley strike
| leave © low if eerger lens
te ommod«taed tev the trofley corn
. wi | belong | ey helewe thar
‘© ron enaity For ti re train service

eet
‘

pr saed *r re da beve no ngert

to cont nue

Inoreett or ilrord offices it waastcied
t bre tie lich merece lbecrer tt’ tte
Yevburr-\. repre tom epperred to ue
ov tempt to force t' @ possengere heck

nie the trolev cere ine burst of Irink
nese the messc@e heerer edmitted tr
wan co and thet the objects were to enable

ch caused | the Tre nsit comptiny t+ regain ite normal

the company’s cars
filling them with
of the

business, © protect
: the ead

violence hy
pPaniengers ani io hasten

THE SUN.
THE BANKS

Murphy. the committee of
The police of the Greenpoint avenue , Tem and the walking delegates brought |

t normal ecenditions are being

MONDAY.

c-C

 

   

Storage of Rugs:

During the Summer Months is «
Specialty of the

| Kent-Costikyan Warehouses

Moths and Misuse.
@XLY CITY WABEROOUS

8 West 38th Street
Murray Hill Building

Telephone @35 Murray Mitt

|

 

trolley strike by promoting a public de
mand for a full resumption of service
The answers received by the Reyburn
Clay menqonese were different from what
was anticipated.
In effect the Pennsylvania Railroad's
reply was) “We are capable of manag-
ting our business wi from
y Hall. We

ug
cit

| dation demands it
The Reading Railroad's reply was suc-

|cunet and tot int: "Your SUES ION
sieoeee and Ohio gave euch a

| is mec

j The

fiat refusal that the Reyburn-Clay mes-

|eage bearer lost hie poise and temper in

the offices of the superintendent and

was invited to get out.
These

bree lroade ; rae bh at first because the aviator was
nemmmntn of nanan daily whe Zing | cCiaoatty feeling his way. The aero-|' take a month's rest from preaching ' — report = 8 - aad oF
had no other means of travel during the | plare behaved very well until Paulhan | 9d from such athletic exercise as was = in t i - ~~ ,
trolley strike. The Ivania runs! reached the east end of the course and | incidenta! to the effort to convert the | Te irk meen of each week, 20
shuttle trains to the F street sta-! sacountered a treacherous current. The | Scotch Protestants. | hotels that do the same, 1.006 area,
Was = Readi aaag ee Oe. oe machine showed considerable agitation| Father Power said he would do no work | 712 floriets, 2.350 cigar stores
> hee 6 and it looked for a minute as if he would | While he was here. but that he would 1.00) newsstands, 2.000

Ohio has a shuttle train service every
forty minutes to Darby. In addition eadh
| of the roads has increased the number of

coaches on all the lar local and at-

burban trains as 1 as temporartiy
making «t for many other trains at
the loce! suburban stations.

There wae no disorder in any part of
the city to-day or to-night.

HELD AS CAR ROWDIES,

Half a Deven Terrertred an Elevated
Ratiread Station and Four Hacaped.
Thomas Berrill of 387 Myrtie avenue,

| Brooklyn, and John Heier. eho lives

jat 66+ Grand street, were held yesterday

in the Manhattan avenue police court,
Willamaburg. in 8600 bell on a charge
of disorderly conduct. They were ar-
rested jiate on Saturday night on the
| Knickerbocker avenue station of the
| Myrtie avenue elevated railroad while
| terrerizing women and children who were
awaiting a train.

There were half a dozen rowdies in
the party and they threatened to throw
many of those waiting to the street.
The acreams of women and children
caused the ticket agent to blow the police
whistle and by the time two policemen
| got up to the platform four of the rowdies
excaped by jumping to the track and
siding down the tron uprights to the
atreet

In holding Berrill and Heier for a hear -
ine Magistrate (Reilly dectared that
with the coming of spring he was gong
to do all that «= possible to check rowdy -
iam on convey *nees. The prisoners de-
nied they were reaponsibie for the trouble

t ,
Wii RE NORTH JERSEY STRIKE.

 

 

 

 

Publie Service Cerperation Wen
Inerrased Pay.

Following the recent strike of the street
eer employees in Trenton. N. J.. which
Pas settied lost week. tre uble is threatened
in the towns of North New Jersey over
a demand by the motormen and con-
ductors on the Public Service Corporation

lunes for 25 centa an hour end a work dey |

of ten hours within tweive
4 letter sent be Treasurer Orr of the
Amelgarated Assoration of Street and

Electric Railroad Employees. with which |

the men are affiliated to President Thomas
W MeCarter of the Public Service Corpo-
ration. asking for a conference was
ignored) Then a committee of officers
f various labor bedies calied at Mr
Met arter's office in) Newark. but he de-
clinde to see them The men have heen
advised to insiat on a conference and
midnight meetin
in all the towne interested *

Philedeciphta Strikers te Sel! Bottans.

The committee of the Philadelphia
strikers which came rere to raise money
for the strikers by employing Itahans to
grind ont muse while t members of
the committee collected have a new plan
to raise money by selling buttons with
a likeness of Strike Leader Pratt

 

(CONVICTS SA40F PRISON.

Men Quit Chapel Service and Led bh «
Marderer Fight Fire.

Prrresres, March 18 While 750 of
the 130 convicts in Riverside peniten-
tiary were at chapel service this after
noon fire was discovered tn the atocking
'
‘the entire prison was ghreatened Heroic
work on the part of convicts headed
by a murderer and members of the famous
banker colony held the flames in check

unul the arrival of the North Side fire |

department
corman Geyser. eho ie doing fourteen
veersin prison for the murder of a woman.
was leading the prison choir at thie afier-
noon ss meet and 7%) other attend -
ants in chap were joining in refrain
when Geveer saw flames leap from win-
| dows of the atoecsing factory. He called
to the guards
Warden Francie later got on @ barrel
in the dining room of the prison and made
a speech ‘o the fire fighter convicts
thanking them for heroic work in time
f danger

ST. PATRICK'S DAY

Father Powers Objects to the Lee of the
Shamrock in Certeature.
At All Sainta Roman Catholic Church
[7th street and Madison avenve, New
Yor... the Rev. James W Power, P. R

 

 

at all the masses yesterday morning de |

nounced the traf¥e in offensive St Pat-
nek's dev picture postal cards and also
condemned whet ere known aa “tt
Petne.'s day favors” figures often hid-
eo! sdeckedin Irish and Catholic emblems
Father Power said that the shamrock
wae an emblem held in - b
}Catvohes all over the world o iri
| Catholics the shamrock was em™'ematic
,of the Trimty and they considered the
| decoration of human monstrosities and
unclean beasts in striae of the trefoil as
a desecration. It was hiahlv inen'ting
to Americans of Irish extraction to see
therr racial end religious emblems defiled
‘and a great national festival selected as
& proper time to subject them to such
insults

(TO FIGHT RAILROAD RATE.

| @maha Basiness Wen WI! ish Injunction
Against Wahach.

Omana, March 13 —In an effort to pre-
vent the railroads from increesing freight
retes or Cremsed meets between Omehs
ard ©) cago the business men of Omah +
will to-morrow ask the Federal court for

n injunction preventing the Wahesi
reilroad from putt ng the new rate into
elect Sirould t!e injunction be granted
i) os beliewed the other lires will refrain
from cho rging (°° increased retes

The new rates which go into effect
next week discriminate against Omaha
and in favor of Kansas City. The Wabash
has refused to give Omaha the
City rate and Omaha people will

 

 

 

» ask the court for an order restraining that

road from discrimmatipg
Sr .

oe, eee a Rat wersh
oa SE

 

thout dictation
will maintain the extra | . ,
line had failed. Their figures showed | train service as long as public accommo- start the machine going. One of the}

will be held to-night |

shops of the instituttiion and for a time,

PROTEST.

ee .

WANT ONE DAY IN SBYBK FREE

AVD LABOR WF
DEMAND.

   

GIANT CATAOLIC OF SCOTLAND.
Resting From Strenueus Street Preaching
te Seoteh Protestants.

Father M. Power, a Jesuit priest of
| giant frame and not less than six feet
and a half tall, was a passenger by the)
Stays in the Air Right Minaies Under Ad- Anchor liner California, in last evening Da» of Rest Conference Proper an

verse Atmospheric Conditions—tGees from Glasgow. He said he had been sent Amendment te the Law Reqatring
Five Wiles at an Altitude of Abest | here by the head of his order to spend | Empteyers to Give Men 34 Hears on
400 Feet- Expects to Fly Every Bay. /a month recuperating from an erduous a Week and to Recognize a Hely Ma,
t two t spectators wit ‘ime in Edinburgh. He is about 4S yer’) ar the Day of Rest Conference hig
lam the nn flight of Louie Of #g¢ and has been fifteen yer-s doing | vesterday afternoon im the concert ha!

Paulhan at the Jamaica racecourse "*#:onary work, mostly in Scotland. | of Madison Square Garden represen,
| eee afternoon. He flew in a wind | 4¢ is an advocate of total abstinence | tatives of churches and of labor «
| that carried the flag straight in the breeze | #94 '# against socialiam. ganizations in Manhattan and Brook!
‘and performed aerial gyrations that) Several years ago, he seid. he obtained attended to the number of about thre
| caused men to take off their hate and | *Uthority from the municipality of Edin- | hundred The secretary, the Rev War
women to wave their handkerchiets, | 0™Fsh to conduct Catholic services in| ren M Wilson of the Presloyterian |
| Pauulhan remained in the air eight minutes |'h* Streets from a portable pulpit sur-| partment of Laber, gave them ems
pee it was estimated thet he flew a dis- | Mounted by a cross. It was the first time | facts about Sunday work im New ‘or.
! : {since the Reformation that a ything t d Stat hat ha
tance of five miles and soared to an alti- ; : ; city an ate tl ve just been
| tude of 400 feet. | like this had been attempted in Scotiand gathered) A fuller report ia promised

It was precisely 443 o'clock when he | and he had trouble with the populace. | later by the State Department of Labor
‘took his seat in the yellow and white "¢ was attacked frejuently. but with! The chairman of the meeting, Rishop
flyer and ordered his mechanicians to|*i@ own giant strength and the help Courtney of St. James's parish, stated

of the police he managed to keep up the | distinetly that the conference has noth.
work for some time. Finally the crowds ing to do with Sunday observance as
became so disorderly that the authorities | auch. Religion, Protestant. Catholic and
land stopped. The next twist was more | "e*cinded the permit he had to preach | Hebrew. was wholly left out. The whole
| vigorous and it set the propeller going | '" Public and he then began conducting | question was man. what ie for hie wel-
\im a fashion that meant business. Al-|*@rvices indoors, He was tnsesoupens | Cae, what for his hurt. The other
| most before the men could let go the| there also, but he menaged to take good | speakers were Charles F. Murphy of
| machine darted into the air. It didn't | [Sf of himself. At last the strain began | Brooklyn, for five years an Assembir-

to tell on him and his doctor told hm | man; John Mitchell and Marcus M. Marts

PAULHAN'S FLIGHT CHEERED!

2,000 «SPECTATORS APPLAUD
THE AVIATOR WILDL).

 

 

C AURCHMEN
JOIN IN THE

 

 

 

}

 
 
     
     
     
  
   
   
 
    
   
   
    
    
   
  
       
    
   
 
   
  
   
   
    
     
    
    
  
 
   
     
    
   
   
   
  
  
   
 
    
     
    
  
   
   
   
    
   
   
  
  
  
  
    
  
  
   
 
 
  
    
   
    
  
   
   
  
   
   
 
 
    
   
   
 
    
    
    
 
   
      
   
  
  
 
   
   
    
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
   
     
     
   
  
 
   
 
    
   
  
 
  
    
  
     
   
    

|

| mechanicians gave the yellow propeller |
jatwist. It made a few feeble revolutions

 

| Stores, 1,724 confectioners, 2,
|1) antomobile gara
'atables The total nu
| Syeetecty all men, ©
of reet in the week the
mated to be 300,000 in
The conference an amendmen:
to section 2,143 of t law of New
York on t+ Sabbath aa followe:

Section 2148-4- In the case of Sundar

he forced to descend. Then he wheeled | ¥Tite some pamphiets on total abstinence
hie a tus to the right and gained | He will stop at the parish house of the
comteed anc then flew a circle to the south Charch of St. Ignatius Loyola. at Eighty -
lto avoid the currenta to be encountered fourth street and Pork avenue. until he
from a clump of trees and buildings. restored, and wil! then go back and
At times the machine almost stoor! tackle Edinburgh again.
etill in the air and Pauihan changed his
course so often that he kept one guessing FELL FROW FRIF TRAIN.
which way he was

os

 

 

 

to fly. Finally —— ‘ ;
he started in the tn tine ing- | Flavel HM. Wickware of Rutherford, SN. J.. liahor permitted on the ground: of bein
fleld and gave the inhabitants that Killed White Going to His Home. | works of necessity orcharity, or by epecial

jstatute, i' «hell not be lawful, except
cuses of extraordinary emergeney, caused
by fre, flood or danger to life er property.
for an) person, partnership, aasectation or
, corperation to employ or permit any persce
engaged in any commercial oceupetion, or

the benefit of the exhibition. Then
the east end of the

|

Flavel H. Wickware, Jr, 42 veara old,
of % Feronia Way. Rutherford, N. J... was
killed on the Eric Railroad tracks noor
Jersey avenue. Jersey City. yesterday
morning by felling off the main line out-

Re ewung back across
racecourse and over the heads of
| several hund emall boys, who en-'
joved the thrills without paying the
of admiasion. He then turned in
'a@ westerly direction. which he held until

| he came in front of the grand stand. when | 2'Mg 1:15 o'clock passenger train, no dey en cel nak a ee de, on a i
‘he darted over the building and for an Which he was returning home His body unisen such employes bee been |
instant was lost eight of. but by the time was found beside the rails. The wheels! :

during (be «tx dave next preceeding such
Sunday. ('*en'y-four consecutive hours
without labor, nor unless during the pre-
ceeding nine weeks (hree of his rest ders
(shal! have been on Sunder or in that pro-
portion during a longer or shorter period
of time

Provided. however, that im case ane
person «hall have @led with the County
tlerk of the county in which he labers as
eMicavi stating ‘hat he has comeciention:
scruples “which lead him to prefer te keep
an other day than Sunday as a tely dar
and free trom labor it shall not be lawful
to employ him on Sunday, unless during

| the crovWi had rushed from the seats the | had passed over one arm and the tee of
one of a pair of brand new shoes was cut

| aviator over the club building
las uily as a bird (off. He evarried jus old shoes and a new
' whirring of the motor could be!

«
' str ped waistooat in a parcel.
) heard plainly above the wild cheers sent A:ter the body was sent to Hughes's
lup by the apectators. Men whistled and | morgue a track walker picked up a piece
| sereamed and threw their hata in the air | of Wickware's trousers, including th: left
jend women frentically waved their hand- |
' re a.

1 mp pocket. near the scene of the ace -

In dercending the machine | den The pocket containcd $9.46. The
looked as 'f it would land on ite nose, but
Penihan gave his apparatus an upwarct

t

morgue keeper's assistants found a large

hotthe of cough mixture in the dead man 's*

turn and landed within twenty or thirty coat. They considered i remarkable

f the starting pot that it was not broken when he fell under

making the rturn trip Pauthan we wheels. Wickware was identified by
travelled with the wind. and it was cati-
mated flew at ¢ rate of aevonty miles an

| feet o
; €

means of a monthly commuta ion ticks:
|and letters, He was employed as a clers

 

 

 
  

hour. He was met on the field by Mme | by a New York woollen concern. _the preceding nine weeks three of hie reet
| er who age Close vigil when he , — owen a = a a oo oe - ~
ia in the cir eo pever misses A per- 1 , ° i

lformanes and spenda most of ber time 16 POLce SAN 06 TOTEM. id amaay ‘hat he prefers to Sunder as
jin the shed, except when th» machine is twe Prisoners Charged Patreiman Er. "'* "°' oF in thar proportion during

a longer or «hor'er period of time.

This section shall aot be comstrued ae
authoring any vork om the Qret day of
j'he “eek ner now authorized by law nor as
applying to farm or personal service ta

taken out ' Bru
| The exhibition yesterday was witneaasd , harett With emnits

by several thousand persons. who didn't
bother to go inside. Locust avenue wes
j lined up with automobiles, end all of the

Neo Marks on Them.

Two prisoners taken to the Glendale |
Queens, station house ecriy yesterday
morning said they had been beaten by

| anon oo — [— _— the policoman who arrested them. Neith ¢ "8tchmen, to janitors or superintendents
lock had been broken on one of the gatve Could show the slightest mark Patrol. “1° MARegers the provisions
and that several hundred persona had’ man Jacob Erhardt made the arrests 4... a enn ak : at
slipped through He char Wiliam Heasner of * Fores: ' - ion is guilty of Sabbath breaking

| Sawin Cleary. menager for Pauthen, | avenue. East Williamsburg. with diearde: Sertion 2 This act shall take effect on
aaid he considered the fight one of the while intoxicated. and arrested Peter Sepremiver 1, 1910

Herzher of 68 Zeidler avenue at the same
tine for interfering. Erhardt demed the
| asaeuits }

—_—--—

COL. JOHN 1. ROGERS DEAD. |

greet st thet Paulhean has made. hece use
jof the uncertain wind conditions. Mr
, Cleary doubt -d if any other aviator would
have attempted to stay up under the same
cCrreunmaetances

Although Wilbur Wright iain New Vork
be was not at the racecourse yesterday
Mr. Wright does not approve of Sunday
exhibitions Peulhan will continue hie
flights every efternoon until March 20
and promises to flv rain or shine

Orville Wright made a statement in
Dayton, Ohio, last evening. He anid. e

e Wright brothers ar» willing to

make arrangements to protect foreign
aviators who may wish to enter the
internetional race We wish only to pro-
tect our toehnical rights and would make
ne troub!s for foreigners who may wish
to enter this country provided there is
noactual damage to our legal nehts.”

was

Former ( thief @Quner of Phtiadeinnia Ciub
Expires Suddenty tn Benver
Privaperewts, March 13 1 John
1 Rogers. a prominent iecal attorney |
land for twenty vears the larges’ stock. |
holder in the Phitade!phia National League
Rasoball Club. died to-day of heart fail- |
ure in Denver
A telegram received by Col. Rogera's
family at Wvneote. where he had lived
for nine veare. converved the news of
his death There had been mo intimation
that he was not in the best of health

ang |
ARROW
A law case had taken (ol. Rogers west |

‘He left ten days ago and rather wel- | COLLAR-

| eerhe'ty atthe mecemtein hence oees| am Me Are-Noteh te
have a tente eect and mitigate the effects place of Ge Sechensne
| buttonhole . each—2 for Sea
Ciuett, Peabody & Co., Makers
ARROW CUPPS, 2c. 2 Paist

-

\

—

NOTHING TO

_— —__

Cox $4).

| Except That He and Wade Vilte Have:
Reached Neo Carcement as to Campaign.

Cincinnati, March 13. George RB. Cox
Republican leader of Hamilton county
and the southern part of Ohio. to-day
denied emphatically that he and Chair-
man Wade H. Ellie of the Ohio State Re- |

 

@vituary Notes.

Pobert Thailen, a «ai! known Brookivn:
organist, died vesterday at his home. 1242
Pacific atreet. in that horoweh. of peralyat«
from whie he pad been «utd ering since taar

 

   

publican executive committee have agreed | june We wae vermin Liverpoo Fngland 9 Birds
(im 188%, of Seorch parentage bits farts
on a programme for the campaign in moved to this omni hems he Grae i vear Holden S Mate Now
this State. He declared that so farasany old In 18% his fat ‘hen 4 OMMission
le merchant in Manhatian. took Thallon 1
lcampaigning ™ concerned the entire cue end fae tan ie aark b Bad ms 4 | Tatkhing Parrets. Pipteg Ball Quches.

matter is etill high and dry in the air. muste onder famous instructors at | eige.

ifo'den's Rook on Birds.” 1808, all about mat-
| Fllie hae gone to Washington to confer {and Florence = (in his return to Broek! sn

mae. cure. singing mated for 12 cts

 

‘ ‘ he started a schoo! of music ar wos Mark's G. W. Belden. 26 W. 288 St... ar. Sth As.
with President Taft after an interview | aveone, * hich he managed for «ivteen vears
on Friday afternoon with Cox in Con's | giving concerts there ever Saturday morn
| office, at which Cox later told the news- | (0S During these = steen years be gave DIED,
} that “noth . | OVer ss hundred concerts or seven veare <a
peper men nothing im particular” | he was organiat of the Centra! COn@rega-  BROOHFAD —Om Saturday, March 12. - 1030.
had been diecussed tional Cherch, and later became organs: Mary G. widow of Edward Livingstone

tof Vlemouth Church, where he was asso

| eee with Walter Damroach He wan the |

Mr. Cox was seen this afternoon by the
representative of THE Stw and asked

Brodhead and daughter of the jete Wi'tas
G Mentr of Philedetphia.

of several

 

hat tan iol feet hmown of which isthe “Erening Bong” | P her late home, 233 West Aid st.. 8
and t known of which is the ° Evening So rayers at her late . ent Aad st.
Mr Fine ene se eerwes oy tee Samer ‘ann and Monday afternoon, March 14, at 6 o'elwek.
James, a sister oren e ane three *
“Have you and Chairman Ellie agreed | nephews and three nieces | Funeral service and interment at Delaware

Water Gap, Pa . Tuesday. Mare 15. on af
rival of train jeaving New York at 8 A.M
CONNPLLAN —On March 13, 1010, at Taary-
town, Hannah. widew of George Sinse®
and mother of the Rev. Eawie M. Stagett
Funeral from St. Teresa's Chureb. Terry woe.

William 8 Rarnes. a lawver, died resterday |
| in San Francieco after several weeks iliness |
Mr Barnes «father wast ol WOH I res,
for year@ leader of the San Francieeo har
+e | He wae counsel for former Senator Sharon
+ | in his famous divorce case = The son suc-

‘on any features of the coming campaign
im Ohio?” was the exact question put to
the famous politician

“No, air; we ain't agreeing on nothin

was his terse reply. to his father's practice and ,
Asked if that meant that he and Ellie | Franciseo's District Atror mer ae Wednesday, March 16, at 10 e'cterk.
' would not be able to work in «reat tion by the successful prose- | @LDRIDGE

On Thursday. March 10, ot Gree

Neck. N.Y. Ann F . wife of the ists Reewel
Pidridge and daughter of the late Lewis ©.
and Phebe ‘

Funeral services at her late residence. Here
stead. N.Y . on Monday. Mareb 16. at5 P
Interment at the conventence of the ‘emily

FPARRVLI On seturdey, March 12, Witter
Farrell, beloved husbasd of Dora Farreil
in bis Md year

Funeral on Tuesday, March 14, from bis late rest
dence, 4 West Oth ot.. ot 1029 A. M.. thenre
to the Church of the Moty Neme. th
and Amsterdam av . where a solemn man ¢
requiem will be offered for the repove of SH

re
* . cane, «6«CUTION at Weniacs Durrant for t! €
10x replied thes \t didn't mean anything: | of two echoolairls in a church eo

: tnent Repuhiican candidate for
sition and that time and that alone will ane & prominen ? i
tell juat what sort of a jovernor ww the nish war ‘heonn

compromise, if but ¥ threw up everything and organized
| any. — he — in mane Ono. | aoe Regiment He ne
ling dubi ie es eager to go tort
over the outcome of the recent conference Phiifonines but the regiment was kept in
‘between Ellie and Cox. They that = ee ee that
| Fllte in one way showed very bad judg reco. ered his out peutien 7 ~
ment in running to Cox a when George B. Harrison. ¢7 wears old. died sud-
}isnew, as did others. that (ox had re-| deniy in St rnabas's Hopital, Newark
| fused to accede to his election as chair- | on eturday night of an atte: k of @ ute
of the ican executive com- | indi

man Republi ton, which ocrur while he «
| mittee in forbidding all the Cox members “

 

tives in Newark He wan a

 

   
         
    

of the State committees to go to the i = oft New Jersey Legislature fro soul Interment Catvary Cemetery.
|ton conference, where Ellis was chosen. | sarious ‘larel aioe’ ‘Bae ies and held | FELLOW S.--Suddenty. en Maseb & George Priore
| Further. Cox is said to have told certain ury he wasactive in the sorial. commer-| ‘elows Fumerai service at St. Micnasi®
Republicans that either his wishes will he | cia! and political life of Caldwell. his home Protestant F. Church, we tn @
j piscopa
|considered by the State Republicans or | He was the proprietor of the stage lime | Tuesday, Mareh 18. at 12 o'clock soon
|that he will withdraw absolute from | *hich connected Caidvell with the *ur- | weeMAHON - On , M 9. at bie v8
| the support of the party in the cam- | eS maanin botare the modern | gence. sas Weet cotees ‘Tomes J Mcsianen
. to mer ransport a! came into vogue | aoe a °

Kently opposed. to. making “Ellis "State | ggMi@,M0r7,7,,4 ,Piakema ite of Menre- | _ sted * rears “
| chairman. inasmuch ast ilie was f ar Wetinsen “7 tee sttchiope “Se ia ta a on ‘ — “
jan active worker in noon yesterday after a! tuene tice, redneed ¢ .
ton county and his party afMili- oma went fo Washincton "several perens wp th iy je. a 7
ationa between two 4 ive and just before | yoere sao when Judae [Mokena wae x mem. | wen an oO. tna te ee of
i t t pan Teaty ¢ mn ° .
Ly pleced in ty hall here aw ° mission one ve veil enor nythere sinc iaity pion Charles Peters. M.D a

. body wi taken to Holand. Mich. neral services at Grace Church Tursder
| ane eel Sexe? vation a } the home of the Piekemas, for interment March 15, at 1020 o'cleek. imtermeat 77
on i gly: oa | —— 7 vate Kindly requested that no fewer: >*
garding the Rep organization oa

     

| SPFLLMEVER.- On March 12. at Atien@e OF

|

ubhcan
in Cincinnati. For one thing he has }

as the Federal Judge nese Sndge Howard |

Hollister. a bitter enemy of the organiza-

|tton. Further, he has listened to Cox at |
no time since hw election to the Presi-|

i and there ia not now a singla ap- |
| pointes who owes his commiesion to the |
desires of the Cincinnati boss. [
'

    
    

Mev Wenry Spetimeyer. D. D LL. D.. Bisder
of (he Methodist Fp'scoga!l Chare®.

Funera! in ‘ewark Wednesday, Maret
hour and place hereafter

THALLON -On Sunday. March 4. Reve’

Thetlon. age 5A years

Funeral services on Tuesday sfternocs. Mare?
15, 110, at half pest 2 o'ciesk, at St. Ber
tholomew's Church. Pectfie ot. en
av. Browkiyn. Imterment private.

   

JohnJameson

Kk
MIDIS. Cen

 
   
       
         
          

 

   
    
   
 

Pert Arthur Pots its Whale on icc.
Ponr Ariarr, Tex.. March 12. -

j than 10,000 persons * ore brought here
1 ee wae Hem a8 fae of

Texas to-day to see the ™ foot

Pee

 
 

      
      
 
  
  
  
 

i