:
s
Pays

eae

 

 

; 4 % Pee om vy: , . At M Fe ‘
ae Te re Ae Pe eg SO he ma ett
oe } Ng iy as ie i " ; oa
: : Pg } Sy. E 45 ‘ae Ws . Te / J a ‘me
~ N he a ‘ ‘ or . + f ae a oe
RES ge AE NEST | . Fit east
J , ’ - 7 ss D
- aft f ; Me weal AA Jeg 4l'
ge < ‘ , Pi / : { % ee Lie a
i al : nl 7
. ~” tee ae Lise ele td ite s
‘ » =
= 2a > meeenyeenseneerne adh ammeareeneenmeteeten, tile maeye ap BONG meta rrr tne ina bn oee ss S remo

BROOKLYN MOBS.
RUSH JUDGE TAFT

  

       

a ——

DIED AOOUSING A MAN. |

j “4
ida Kivsam, Gulcide, Wrote of a PErson
_ “Werse Than Gillette." ‘

“NEw ROcHELLE, Oct. '20.—Mies Ida M.
Kiseam, a dressmaker, whose father,
, ) the late Theodore Kissam, is said to have
ewes a cousin of William K. Vanderbilt's
mother, killed herself early to-day in her

   

 

ee jbome at An street, New Rochelle,
Police Have a Hard Timo)tzonceins ee tbrowsh a tubo, She left

man, whots. a8 named, as the cause of
her suicide and expressing the hope that
he would suffer for ft.

_ Miss Kissam was a pretty woman 25
years old. fhe lived alone in a cottage.
She was found this morning by her mother
4 Mer. - sitting dead in @ chair in the bathroom).

Coroner Van Patten says he has learned
| that thé man mentioned in the letters
had promised.to marry Miss Kiesam.
The letter to the man was as follows:
When this you,receive I shfil be where
your cruel treatment can no lenger harm

HE SPEAKS IN FIVE PLACES |
Promises Jews He Will Work for Peeve reat me in the wey which you
Universal Recognitipn of! . But pro iy you will be glad I am

out of the world. I never did anything
American Passports.

in the world for you but kindness. Last
Sunday I spent the greater part of day
: ‘

Taking Gare of the Re-
publican Candidate,

ee ee

istaying in-the. kitchen cooking what you
_ | liked. You /nave repaid me by staying away
“Land not, coming to take me out to-day.
.|. To think the woman you intend to marry

you should treat like that. Why have you
Resinning His Campaign in This State, | told me you loved me more than any woman

the Nomince Places Gev. Hughes on{in the whole yorld and cal on me five

. years if you'did not mean all you said? |
a Level With President Rooscvelt a8/} have never run after you, so why didn’t

Exponent of Moral Awakening—He zou leave. me alone when I had learned to
orget you and was successfull ttin
Deseribes the Achievements of the j along in’ bistnoes? Ca

Present tation: fad a| You are a coward and will, I hope, be
Seys punished, I -have been so sick since you
the Work ‘Wil Ge On, Specifying | were here I have not been able to walk,

That.Caba Will Be Put on Her Feet |2"¢ 1 was waiting to see a doctor after I
? saw you tosday. But now no doctor can

Again Next February—‘‘We Must/do me any good. Good-by, do not treat

“ ey | another woman as you have me. You may
Giverthe Executive s Stringer Art. repent, but.J shall not hear, for no human

: . ice can be heard till,
William H, Taft begam his New York degth: ee ‘Toa. ¥

Btate campaign Jast evening in Brooklyn | She also left a letter addressed to her
with aj rush. He made five speeches | sister, Mra. N. J. Pearson of 71 Church
in the of the evening, all the | Street, New Rochelle, which says «in part

from ‘ I have peen brave as long as | can. There
wey, Browasville to Wie: Ackaemny |. a lists. Snow have nothing.to live fan

of Music, reviewed a big procession 80 dearest, good-by. Do not shed a tear. &
and attended a dinner in his honor at the | shall be happy and out of my misery. Sellmy
Montauk Club. Probably more than pence om a jake care of mamma
as long as she lives. * * He is. worse
20,000 persons heard him talk in the course | then Gillette, only [| have never given him
of the evening. away. Don't mourn my loss or go in biack.
The candidate was accompanied by se et ~ - shall be happy, out of
his two brothers, Secretary Straus, Sen- pceayigieraninteenneabiaoghiGesan
ator Depew, Senator Dolliver, Chajrman| JURY FINDS CASHIER GUILTY.
Hitchcock and others in the course of Seino ioe
his Brooklyn travels, and he was every-

i 5

where greeted with enthusiasm. At the scnd, Ook. ta.—Wilhes adi:
Clermont Avébue Rink and the Academy seme peas ier ot the datas
of: Music thousands waited two and three Allegheny National Bank, was to-day
hours to see and hear him for a few min- | found guilty in the United States Distriot
utes. He spoke with considerable appar- | Court of embezzling $409,000 of the funds
ent difficulty, but his physician said that |! the bank. 5,
hig throat was in fairly good condition Montgomery became pale for a moment

and that it ‘would undoubtedly last out |!" hie chair while twelve rove toon dled

the campaign into the jury box’ to hear the evidence on
PARADE TWO MILES LONG, be bese indictient oie him charg-

Mi. ‘Taft's progress through Brookiyn | ‘EON momen dentined to all mae

ene eee sane eee:

   
   
 
 
   
    
    
   
  
  

Willtam Montgomery Convicted of Rob-
* bing Allegheny National ef $460,000.

was made.inan autemobile. . His machiue | nesses in his defence. His attorney had!

was preceded by another oar which con- | announced that, he would take the stand
tained Deputy Police Commissioner in Te one bones wo Yenee Sek age a
Balstir, who set the pace for the night, It | Poe many things, eo that his decision to
was in Redford avenue that Mr. Taft offer no defence caused much surprise.
The maximum penalty for Montgom-
reviewed.a Japanese lantern parade, | ory’s offence is ten years in the peniten-
passing between lines of cheering paraders | tiary and the minimum five years. There
for a distance of something like two miles. | are several Bint ‘shade chading acids |
There were something like 20,000 persons | from the one on which he is now being

in tt i Twice in the course of the | *™°4- It is understood that he will not
& = rs call any witnesses in any of the cases but
review the candidate's automobile was | « »

will take the medicine,” as he at first
forced to stop. while he made brief | said he would. ‘
speeches. Nothing is talked of in Pittsburg to-

At every hall where Mr. Taft made a | night but the unexpected decision of Mont-

stop there was’a big rush to get near |S°Mery not to make a defence. By so| FODDERCOURT-MARTIAL BEGUN |
‘ him. In ome of these crushes Col: Dan

doing he blocked a line of questioning

Ransdell, sergeant at arms of the United | which might have led to a most embarrass-
States Senate,.who is accompanying Mr. | ing situation nob only for Montgomery |
Taft in his travels, had his overcoat |but for,others. The court room was
pulled off. thronged with those who had come to hear
Another “time 6ne of the candidate's | the sensational testimony.
representatives.came into collision with a| A pathetic incident of the trial was the
plain cop aad got punched by said cop, | testimony of President William Stewart
who didn’t recognize him. of the bank, who is 75 years old and who
At Arion Hall the police were so zealous | Spent his fortune of $500,000 trying to
in Mr, Taft when he left the | make good Montgomery's thefts
building that they wouldn't let Timothy ON cy aa oa
L. Woodruff and National Chairman Frank] BRYAN AND TAFT TO MEET.

Political Managers tn Syracuse Pian te
Have Them Face to Face in Yates Hotel. |
Syracuse, Oct. 26.—William H. Taft and
William J. Bryan are to meet face to face
and greet each other in this city Thursday
the plans of Ray B. Smith and
F. Rafferty of the Républican and
Democratic general committees, respec-
tively, are earried out. The meeting

probably take place soon after
ernor on a level with President Roose- {7 o'chogic ge Sytner in the parlor
velt as an exponent of the great moral/®t the Yates 1 in the presence of

awakening that had swept over the coun- | Feeeption committees sélected by. the
try. Hughes, ir is t, hi id, managers.
Fea eet red het | Plans to initiste both candidates into

was to New what Roosevelt had been
to the Babes chee the Mystique Krewe of Kahoono, which
At his Brownsville meeting Judge Taft |#tranges the yearly carnival, are well
pledged the Administration, in case of |défined If the: plans of State Com-
his election, to do all in its power to see | Mitteeman William F. Rafferty are carried
that Russia accepted without question | °U® the initiation of Mr. Bryan will take
the passports fasued by this countrys to place on the steps of the city hall, right
Jews who are American citizens Junder the sign “Syracuse bids you wel-
At the Clermont Avenue Rink 4,000 .” Mr. Rafferty said that the “In-
persons packed the big hal! as early as 8|dians" can’ gather there and take the
o'clock, though they ‘knew that the candi- candidate in hand for about five minutes,
date could not arrive at the earliest before] When the obligation can be conferred. |
half past 9 o'clock. As a matter of fact, |4% 8000 as the Krewe has finished with |
Mr. Bryan all can go to the pariorsa of the |

it was nearly half past 10 when he ap-|~- th i
peared. The interval was occupied by Yates and put Mr. Taft ch the)

speeches by Senator Dolliver of Lowa and | ° OA sie a a rk:
Senator Depew of New York, There were; ‘
also occasional sounds by the band. | MEXICAN REBELS TO BE SHOT. |
Mr. Taft's arrival was announced | pwe Convicted at El Paso, Tex., of View |
ie those inside by the sheoes chad out-| ating the Neutrality laws.
thousand persons. who had wai out-) Wienneror, Oct. 26.—Major W. H. H. |
tide to get a glimpse of the candidate | 1 ewal , United States Attorney at Las |
wutn he arrived. Treasurer Sheldon | Orvosa i. Mex., who has been placed in
‘! the national Repyblican committee | charge of the prosecution of the cases of
end Mr. Taft’s two brothers were with | steged violations of the neutrality laws
him when he @ppeared amid a great} + the United States by Mexican revolu-
thouting. Every man got to his feet) +: ists to-day reported to the State
and the air was full of waving American |r nartment that two of the révolution-
flags. The cheering lasted fully a minute, j 52+. had been convicted at El Paso, Tex.
tired as the big crowd was with its long |) oe6 are the first cases to be tried as
bi the result of the arrest of many Mexican
revolutionists who crossed the border
[oe enna ce rthern Blextoo,
: in no :
] collar was wilted to the consistendh | Sette ‘trials are pending, <The Mezican
of« dish rag. His hair was a trifle toliéied Govefnment has been notified
énd Le looked very tired. But his kiridly result‘of the first two ‘cages.
trai triumphed over . ——
vas only when he began to speak that President's Birthday To-ciay.

ivages the campaign has made upon ; fi
‘vength appeared inAbeir true light.; Wa4s#INGTON. Oct. 26.-The President

the
te the hall to induce the police to release
them.

TAFT PRAISES HUGHES. —

A new note struck by the candidate | bight if
in nearly all of his Brooklyn speeches | William
related to Gov. Hughes. On inaugurating
his New York State campaign dudge
Taft took pains to put New York's Gov-

 

 

 

Judge Taft got down to business with-|
out the loss of a moment. It wes clear
that ha had been through troubled waters.

 

th
hin

 

 

 

 

—

+NEW. YORK. TUESDAY

of the

NO VOTE UPON DR. DENSLOW
NAME WI THDRAWN ERE county
’ MEDIUVAL SOCIETY MET.

 

Memberahip Committee Will Consider the
Qualifications of the Physictan Whom
Some Newspapers Here Credited
With a Care for Locometor Ataxia.

The members of the New York County
Medical Society did not get @chance last

night to vote on the nomination of Dr. Le

Grand N. Denslow for membership. His
name, which was on the list of applicants,
was withdrawn before the meeting opened.
It was a éfowded meeting, held at the
Academy of Medicine. ‘There has been
criticism in medica] journals of the manner
in which a paper Dr. Denslew read at the
Academy of Medicine a fortnight ago
concerning what some newspapers called
a cure for looomotor ataxia got into the
newspapers afterward.

Dr. Denslow'd candidacy for member-
ship has caused a good deal of discussion.
There was opposition to his election and
it was expected that if his name.was pre-
sented there would be a fight. The with-
drawal of his name, however, caused

surprise, and the matter was: evidently
considered of importance, for when Dr.

John’ Van Doren Young, secretary of the
society, was asked after the meeting

what had happened to the nomination
of Dr. Denslow, he said:

“That's a matter that should be an-
swered by our president.”

“Dr. Denblow was not elected and he
was not blackballed,” said Dr. J. Riddle
Goffe, president, with emphasis.
name was not presented to the meeting.
It was withdrawn by the membership

OCTOBEI

Se oe

VICTORY FOR LAURIKR.

Canadian Premier Will @tay i Power
‘With His Majority Cut. in Two:
MonrTaeat, Oct. 26.—The Government
of Sir Wilfrid Laurier gained a victory
in the Dominion elections held to-day.
The returns indicate that the Government
will have 4 majority in the House of
Commons of about 86. He had /@6 in the
recent House. .
The province of Quebec has again
gone solid for Laurier, returning $8 Lib-
erala t} 18 Conservatives, with two eléo-
tions yet to be held. In Ontario, where
the Conservatives expected jo make
large gains, they only gained five ssata;
in New Brunswick they lost two. In
Nova Scotia the Conservatives made
gains, taking five seats; from the Lib-
‘erals. In the western ‘provinces the
Govormment held its own: Only: one
member of the . Laurier Government
was defeated, Templeman; in Victoria.
Latest returns show the following
results: S ee "|
Ontario, 43% Conservatives, #0 JAberals;
Quebec, 13 Conservatives, 38 Liberals; New
Brunswick, 2 Conservatives, 11 Libeghls:
Nova Scotia, \8 Conseryatived, 9 Liberals;
Prince Edward Island, 1 Conservative, 3
Liberals; Manitoba, 6 Conservatives, 4
Liberals; Saskatchewan, 2 Conservatives,
6 Liberals; Alberta, 3 Conservatives, 2
| Tdberals; British Columbia, $ Conservatives.
Total, 78 Conservatives, 118 Liberals.
Orrawa, Oct. 26.—Sir Wilfrid Laurier
was elected hoth in Ottawa and Fast
Quebec. \R. L. Borden, leader of the
opposition, was elected in Halifax and
| plo the county, Both can of cours

 

pick their seats. Fielding, Patterson,
Murphy, Borden and the éntire Cabinet
are elected, with the exception of Mr
Templeman, Minister of Mines, who, it is
| said, was defeated by five votes.
Twenty-six olergymen criticised Sir

 

“His | Frederick Borden in Kings, Nova Scotia, |

| but he won out by a majority of 500.
The return of the Government: means

 

 

RICE AND CRAPE AT THEDOO

W. J, MARRIN DIES AFTER HIS
DAUGATERS WEDDING.
‘ —_—_—_—eo-
Had It at the House Instead of in Charch
Because of His Hiness, hut Would Not
“Consent te Have ‘Ceremony Pest-
poned— Died Suddenly tn the Eventing.

William Joseph Marrin, a lawyer at 52
Wall street, who was a brother-in-law of
Jules Vatable of 11 East Forty-ninth
street, died Idet night at his home, 238
West Forty-fifth street, a few hours after
his only child, Marie Josephine Ainsworth
Marrin, had been married at the house to
Lorenzo Martinez Picabia, a olerk for a
Wall Street banking house. The father’s
condition as known to be serious at the
time the wedding ooburred, and the date
of it hadsbeén advanced because Mr.
Marrin said he wanted to see his daughter,
the only remaining member of his family,
married before he died.

The wedding occurred at 11:30 o’olock.
The ceremony was performed by the Rev.
Father Dinard of the Society of Jesus,
of Poughkeepsie. The bride wore 4 white
satin gown trimmed with old lace and her
veil was caught with orange blossoms, She
also wore a pearl and diamond necklace’
}and a diamond pendant, a gift from the
bridegroom. She carried a bvuuquet of
white orchids and lilies of the valley.

Miss Angela Joya, # cousin of the bride,
{wae the maid of honor, and the brides-

maids were the Misses May Barrett,
| Evelyn Waldron of Newburg, and Lee
| Frances Alexander, daughter of Dr. Wel-
‘come Alexander.

Clyde Gorddén Benedict was vest man
;and the ushers were John and Henry
| Jova, Theodore E. Tack, Jr., Bertrand

 

committee. If the membership tommit-| the rapid progress of the Grand Trunk |g d Charles B.
too decides thmt he has not the qualifica-| Paolo, ultimetely the building of ths | rans S#iph ©. Carroll anc Char

tions for membership in our society {Georgian Bay Canal and the carrying |
{its report will be referred to the execu-/ out of other big enterprises.

tive committees, That has a final say.
If the committee decides that he has

will be put up and voted on.”

Dr. Goffe said that members bad pro-
tested that Dr. ow did not have the
qualifications. Th was one reason
his name went back tq the membership
committee. Another and probabil the
principal one was an editorial in the
Journal of the American Medica’ Associ-
tion, which is the organ of the association,
the biggest body of medical men in the
country. The editorial, which was
printed on Ootober 17, criticised Dr.
Denslow for a breach of ethics in making
public his paper read before the Academy
of Medicine.

pereeee: Dr. Denslow told a reporter
or Tae Sun that he was fined in London,
but it was on a technicality. He had gone
to London as. Mr. Dezslow and was there
fer-experimental purposes solely and was
not practising. A servant had answered
the,telephone and said he was Dr. Dens-
low, he said, and that caused the trouble.

The Medical Record of this city had an
editoria] not friendly to Dr. Denslow, and
the New York Neurological Society, or
& committee of the society, made a report

criticising him.
Dr. Goffe said last night that because

| of the agitation and protests it was de- ; pect to get work to-day,”

cided to have the membership committee
mike an investigation. He made it plain
that the action taken did not mean that
Dt. Denslow’s name could not come up

again.

 

which the Government had prepared and | Officers at Fert Wayne on Trial for

Alleged Petty Grafting.

Deraorr, Oct. 26.—The court-martia!
to\ inquire into the fodder irregularities
at Fort Wayne began its seasions to-day.
The first officer to be tried is Capt. Charles
G. French, Quartermaster of the Seventh
Infantry. He is charged with “misappro-
priating property belonging to the United

States Government, to wit: 11,648 pounds |

of hay and 8$4 pounds of oats, and with

conduct unbecoming an officer and 2

gentleman in agreeing to do s:iid mis-
ing.”

A number of other officers at the fort
are to be tried on similar charges, includ-
ing Col. Cornman, who is blamed because
he didn’t discover what, it is alleged,
was being done by the officers under
hinm.

The first witness sworn was Lieut. |

John F. Franklin, who acted for Capt.
French in the latter's absence. He
testified that he had seen strange horses
going into the corral, and on inquiry

discovered that they belonged to Dr.! same in the character of its charges as,
John L. Burkhart, contract surgeon at |

the fort. ‘
Dr. Burkhart was on the stand nearly
all morning. He said that he was en-

gaged in horse dealing and that he nomi- '

nally sold horses to various officers of
the fort under an arrangement whereby
they cared for the horses and in return
were allowed to use them in riding prac-

tice, although they remained his property.

On cross-examination Dr, Burkhart
acknowledged that to all intents and
purposes the horses belonged to the officers
and that they us4d them es their own.

The purposs of the court-martial, it
is understood, is more to stamp out petty

graft than to punish commanding officers

with severity. ve

WHY JONG YEE YIPPED.

“A Lady" Hed Hugged Him and Taken
a @1,000 Roll From His Shirt,

A well dressed woman ran out of Charlie
Win='s launary at 144 Montgomery street,
Jersey City, yesterday afternoon and
hopped aboard a trolley car bound for
the Heights. As the car was starting
Jong Yee, Wing's helper, ran after it
eoreeching and waving his hands. The
conductor laughed and didn't stop the
oar. e
Jong Yee later notified the police that
“the lady” dropped into the laundry, put
her arms around him and stole a $1,016
roll which he carried fhside his shirt.
The woman wasn’t caught.

 

 

 

38 to 2 Against Bryan.
“Rh otraw vote taken in the smoking room
of the steamehip Antilles, in yesterday

from New ted in a count of
16 to 1 Teo Tere voters later told

the required qualifications his name|

 

| SUCH GOINGS ON! SAYS CRANE.
8800,000 for City Aute Aiding and No
Beds fer the Unemployed.

Seven homeless men were taken to the
Yorkville police court rday from

 

| the rhunicipal lodging house and -Police- |

| man Bachman asked Magistrate Crane
{to commit them to the workhouse be-
| cause they had applied for shelter on three
[oeene ve nights.

“What is the city lodging house for if
not. to shelter the homeless?”. the Mag-
istrate wanted to know,

! “Il am only acting on orders,” re-
| sponded the policeman.
| “I am not going to send innocent men

It also asked if he was the Dr. Denslow | to prison and put a burden on the tax-
who had been fined in London for prac-y payers,” said the Magistrate.
tising without being registered as a | like an opportunity of going before the

“I should

| Board of Estimate to show how the city's
money-is being squandered. Just think
of the city paying $800,009 a year for auto-
mobiles for city employees to ride about
in and not. money #nough to give shelter
|}to these unfortunate men. # a part of
| this big amount of money was spent in
| giving employment to men out of work
| there would not be so many applying for
‘a night’s lodging.”
| “But the men themselves ask to be
| committed for six months,” put in the
| policeman.
| 7 don't want to go to the island. I ex-
spoke up a
| lodger named McGuire.
| MoeGuire was discharged and the other
men were committed,

 

}

POUREN'S REARREST IMPUGNED

| Parsons Says New Warrant Is Veid—Court
Reserves Decision.

Congressman Herbert Parsons, one of
| the counsel for Jan Janoff Pouren, the
| Russian refugee, asked Judge Holt of the

United States District Court, yesterday
| afternoon to vacate the warrant secured
| by Coudert Bros., counsel for the Russian
Consulate in this city, last Friday night.
| On this warrant Marshal Henkel rearrested
Pouren yesterday morning immediately
after he bad been discharged on the order
of acting Secretary of State Adee.

Mr. Parsons declared that the warrant
was null because it had been obtained
} while the first hearing of the Pouren case
was still pending before Commissioner
Shields. He also declared that no man-
date from the State Department had been
produced as required by the terms of the
Russian treaty and that there was not
sufficient evidence against Pouren on
which to base a second warrant. .

Frederic R. Coudeért in reply to Mr.
| Parsons’sargumentsaid that a mandate

from the State Department was ‘not
necessary. The complaint on which
| Judge Holt’s warrant was issued is the

 

that accompanying the first warrant.
| Judge Holt took the papers and reserved
decision.

MIKADO DEEPLY

—Pledge of Pacific Peace.

,  Spectal Cable Despatch to Taw Sux.
Tox10, Oct. 20.~'I’he Emperor acknowl-
!edged to-day through Baron Takahira,
Japanese Ambassador at Washington,
President Roosevelt’s message of thanks
to him delivered by Ambassador O’Brien.
The Emperor expresses his gratification
that the reception of the fleet was satip-
factery to the American people.

He returns thanks for the
| Japan’s invitation to the fleet, by which he
| enjoyed ar opportunity of renewing the
| assurance of his regard and that of his

people and their sincere attachment for

the President's countrymen.

The newspapers are Unanimous in ex-
pressing the opinion that the visit of the
fleet, was a complete success and consti-
tuted a pledge that the Pacific Ocean
would be forever pacific. hope
the visit of the fleet to China will It
in padios banc to a eae be

complimen' open-
hearteiness and febavicr of the
American blueja@kets.
}Peliceman Carries Keas of Powder
Throu€h Burning Store.
Touzpo, Ohio Oct. 26.— the
progress of a $500,000 fire that destroyed
grocery Patrol-

 

| R. A. Bartley’s wholesale
Delhair disti

man ished b ing
Saeco ated Sh
the om to the street, e fire M

from a storage room of matches,

 

 

Deerfoot Farm Ba es.
With Increasing knowledges! of :
Mr. Taft] and Mrs. Roosevelt. wili have a family ' the; erences. t said they | health. through care ae
M Taft, infact, was very hoarse. It weet acne to-morrow ®vening in of were Reputfioans, eight Pans mee fenfane wie ent ow
Continued on Fourth Page. the Presigent’s fiftieth birthday. and one said he was @ mugwump. Sh OSEREIEE Wo naa Meee ee tee Te
: ; . , N “ : ? ‘
. ; it !
. 5 y ie Hie ‘ -
7 af z eo % ‘ es, be os sgl Bos 4
5 ae iho : ofr i it pats a 5
: fos st ps os 4 page Dio pects es

Mr. Marrin, who was 70 years old, had
been iH of a complication of diseases.
The wedding had been planned for the
Church of St. Vincent de Paul, but at
jhis request it was transferred to the
home. His condition did not become
alarming until 6 o’clootz last night, when a
trained nurse was hurriedly called. She
had barely reached there when ir. Martin

 

Crave was hung on the door last night
| while the doorsteps | were: still thickly
covered with rice. The bride had re-
turned to the house and her busband had
gone to his. ‘

Mr. Marrin was a native of New York
city and was graduated from Columbia

 

27, 1908.- consrigh, 1000, 67 The Sun Printing and Publishing Aseuctation,

nt ett sg
aE

|

7” Ch py
Tare nA

‘ ‘

 

 

 

ALFONSO NEARLY DROWNED.

Queen Victoria Toe—Stegmer Bumps
Royal Barge in Harber at Barcelons,
Special Cable Despatch to THE Sux,

Barosiona, Net,?26.—While King Al-
fonso and Queen Victoria, aocompanied by
Prime Minister Maura and others, were
proceeding in a lannch to-day to visit the
cruiser Catalonia they werg nearly
drowned. :

_ A small passenger steamer ran into the
launch with a violent abook, but owing
to the alertness of the crew of the launch,
who fended the steamer off dextrously,
practically no damage was done.

The steamer was trying to cross the
launch’s bow.

BETTING HERE 16 WABBLY.

$5,000 to 64,500 in Faver of Chanier,
$2,000 to 61,800 in Favor of Hughes.

The biggest election bet of the cam-
paign in the Wall Street district was made
yesterday hy members of two well known
Stock Exchange houses. The bet was
$5,000 to $4,500 on Chanlex, The men
putting up the money’ were customers of
the brokers. Another bet reported yes-
terday was made in the uptown office of
a brokerage firm in one of the new hotels.
It wae $2,000 against $1,900 in favor of
Hughes.

The difference in the odds of the two
bets accentuates the fact that sentiment
is not at all reflected by the betting here
since the public betting market on the
eurb was put out of busihees by the anta-
betting bills. There were no bets of any
account on the ,national election and,
apart from the two quoted, none of conse-
quence on the State election.+ Lloyd's
brokers quoted a smal! amount of policies
against Bryan's election at 22 guineas per
cent, The rate ia anuivalenk f betting
odds « bit better than 3 to 1.

 

NAVAL GIFT FOR MISS ELKINS,

Italian OMcers Combining tn Anticipa-
tion of the Abruzzi Marriage.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Rome, Oct. 26.—It is stated that
officers of the navy, are subscribing to
purchase a combined wedding present
for Miss Katherine Elkins upon ber mar-
riage to the Duke of the Abruszi.

TONS OF FISH ON SHIP'S DECK,

Sailors With Shovels Clean House After
Big Wave Passes.

Boston, Oct. 26.—While in the vicinity
of Diamond Shoal lightship the steamer
Ligonea, which arrived yesterday, was
boarded by a living wave. This great s>a

in 1857. In 1881 he married Hortense Vata- | wes alive with fish of all kinds which it
ble, sister of Jules Vatable. Mrs. Marrin | had soooped up and carried along, and it

Ged iq
TEDDY, JR. PROMQTED.

Young Reesevelt Doing Well at His Job
in the Thompsonville Carpet Ml.
, Harrrorp, Oct. 26.—Theodore Rooae-
velt, Jr., is getting along at the works of
the Hartford Carpet Company at Thomp-
sonville. He has finished his ayprentige-
ship in the wool assorting depari:herit
atid his been advanced to thy worsted
room. This ia the next stags in the

 

| eer of the wool to the completed |

carpet or rug. - j
| There are many other processes befor
the product is completed, bit the offoers
of the company ssy that youag Ronte-
yelt ia paying strict attention to busipéss
and is learning rapidly.

He is living quietly in Thompsonville
and goes to work early every morning
in a black working shirt and loose blue
overalls. He nearly always goes to bed
early and is seldom seen op the streets
at night.

When the local firemen had a celebra-
tion recently Teddy, Jr., got into the

 

spection c? the chemical truck.
‘The overseers at the factory under

bright and studious young man. He
will remain in Thompsonviile at least a
year, x .

His recent promotion, ix is understood,
does not carry an increase in wages. It
is wages, not salary, that he is getting at
present.

A HORSE SHOT FOR A DEER.

The Hunter Thought He Had the Biggest
Buck That Ever Came Up the Pike.

Unsca, Oct. 26.—The number of persons

' shot in mistake for deer in the Adirondacks
| this fall has been unusualty small, but the
fact that some hunters in the woods still
have an indistinct knowledge of what a
deer looks like was shown to-day when
Saranac Lake man knocked over a 1,400
| pound horse belonging to W W. Dukett
of Axton, near Tupper Lake. shouting to
his companions that he had got the “big-
j gest deer that ever came up the pike.”
The man ran forward, only to find with
surprise the nature’of nis victim. Mr.

 

GRATIFIED. | Dukett, the owner of the animal, says that

hereafter all his live etuck, including the

Replied to President's Message of Thanks | household cat, will be equipped with cow-

| bells of.some other such safety applance.

REGISTERED FROM DOCK,

Cemmissioner Hebberd Questioned About
Charities Department Employees.

RR. W. Hebberd, Commissioner of Chari-
ties, was sub) aed before the State
Superintendent of Elections yesterday
and asked about some ten men employed

of} on the dook at the foot of East Twenty -

sixth street who have registered from the

dook as a home address. Mr. Hebberd/to investigate the suicide of Mrs. Mary
knew nothing about. their residence | C, Gray, a wealthy woman of Larchmont,
but referred Mr. Leary to Supervising}at St. Vinoent’s Retreat in this town,

Engineer Hamilton.
POOLROOM UNDER. SIDEWALK.

Husy When Police Romped In at Broad-
way and 40th Street.

Police Inspector Steinbruck got word
a couple of days ago that a poolroom was
in operation under the sidewalk at the
southeast corner of Broadway and Fortieth
street. Two plain clothes men were de-
talled-to watch the place, which is a raths-
keller connected with the Kid MoCoy
saloon. reported favorably, so a
raid was yesterday afternoon. ~

Several men were found seated around
a desk at which a telephone operator
calling off the results at the Pimlico track,

and Fred
street . were locked up on 4

maintaining @ poolroom

Se

Ane. .

ia
by

jwith a squirming,

i

a an see

deluged the forward deck of the vesuel
shimmering mass
When the sea pessod over the side it left
behind it thousancs of fish and the officers
and the orew saw a marvellous sight.

The ctew attacked the maas of fis) with
shovels, putting seide food fish such as
cod, hake and pollock. A

Pporpoiss
seven feet long wes rolled to the side and |

overboard through a port which was
opened. sop eye eee

A BRYAN TALK, AT 3 A.M.

Night Werkers Induce the Candidate to
Speak in City Hall Park.

Mr. Bryan winds up his work of yester-
day or bagins that of to-day by speaking
to the night workers in City Hall Park
atB8o'clock this morning. This somewhat
unusual proceeding of a Presidential
candidate getting up and going vut bea-
tween two hard days to speak in the mid-
dle of the night was done at the request
of the Night Workera Leaque.

Mr. Bryan arranged with somw of his
immediata party to go down with him,
but a surprise had been planned by Mrs.

thick of it and visited fire headquarters, | Bevan who made up her mind to attend
whtera he made a careful and critical in- | sho meeting with ss! Narain it, u :

The candidate knew nothing of this

whom he has worked speak of him as a! §#RDOU IN CRITICALCONDITION.

Hiiness of Eminent French Dramatist
Takes Serious Turn for the Worse.
Special Cable Despatch to THB SUN,

Pars, Oct. 2*-—The condition of
Victorien Sardou, the dramatist, is criti-
cal. M. Sardou, who is 77 years of age,
was taken sick some two weeks ago and
for a time was in a serious condition.
Then he-rallied and his restoration to
health was announced as a practical oer-
tainty. He has had a relapse within the
last couple of days.

~

DOCTORS IN TAFT PARADE

With Wdtters and Attendants and Twe
Ambulance Stations.

One of the features of the Taft and
Sherman parade next Saturday will be
the heading of every division by a physi-
cian and attendants with litters. There
will also be two ambulances, one to he
stationed near the grand stand at Madi-
son \Square and the other on Waverley
place just west of Broadway. This ser-
vice is to be provided by the National
Volunteer Emergency Service. There will
be fifty physicians in. the parade, and
among the numbor will be Gen. James E.
Pilcher, Gen. H. A. Haubold, Gen. F.
Elbert Davis, Col. George Maurer, Col.
L. T. Griffith and Col. A. Bonner.

SUICIDE IN A RETREAT,
Mary C. Gray of Larenmont Hangs
Herself in Her Reem.
Harnison -on-THR-SounD, Oct. 26.—
Coroner Van Patten was called to-day

 

 

This institution is devoted exclusively
to the care of insane women.

Mrs. Gray, who has a country house
at Larchmont, had been suffering from
melancholia and had been in the retreat
several months While a nurse was
absent from her room this she
twisted a sheet into a rope and hung her-
self to a bodpost.

DREDGE 200 TONS A MINUTE,

 

 

 

Fiyer Derailed, but Ne Gne Hart.

Omama, Oot. 26,--The Denver-Chicago
flyer on the Rock Island road was wrecked
between South Omabas und Omaha os
night. Four coaches left the track,
ene was injured. ;

   

Torspar, Ocrosmn 27, 1908.
Rain to-day and to-morrow; north to north-
east gales on the coast.

  
   
 

   
   
 
 
   
 
   
 
 
 
  
   
  
  
   
 
 

   
  
 
 
 
   
  
  
   
 
    
   
  
   
 
      
  
   
    
 
 
    
      

PRICE TWO CENTS.

 

GREAT HURRAH ~
~ OVER BRYAN

with Noisy, Joyous” | |
Thousands, ec

 

” Bs ates Oo
A Mighty Roar for the Nebras- 5 !
kan—Hearty Cheers for
Chanler Too.

The Democratio Candidate Lets Leose «
Speech Wich Earns Him a Second
Demonstration—He Asks for a Demy
cratic Congress to Help, Him Pore
Needed Remedial Legislation”
Threugh the Senate, Denies Hoose
velt’s Right to Speak ‘or Labor, a
Quotes Taft Against Labor and | | ©
Quotes Roosevelt Against Himself, 4

Tammany, gave s party in Mediaan

Square Garden last night for William J.

Bryan and for Lewis Stuyvesant Chanler. —

Besides Mr. Bryan and Mr. Chanler thers

were about 11,998 persons present, not

to mention a crowd that Inspector Cort- —
tight shooed away when the Garden -
| choked up

Mr. Bryan arrived at the Garden at

10:20 o'clock, just at the critical moment

when the vague uneasiness of fatigue

had begun to set the thousands into a

stir His entrance’ was the signal for

fifteen minutes of delirium. Mr. Chanler —
had received a fair meed of this sort of
approbation, but the - testimonial that
is measured by the ticking of a watch
|in things political had all Garden records
broken, as old timers afterward said.

It was not until he had repeatedly sig-

|nalled for order and started a raucous

“Ladies ‘and gentlemen” no less than

|thres times that the candidate oould

begin his speech. 2 ie
Taken all around, it was about the most
in this vicinity for some years and ons
| fainly it was one of the most easily han-
| dled crowds the police¥ever had to deal
with. Most of the time enough polico-
men to surround 150 pihochle decks sat
jaround the Garden restaurant waiting
for trouble calls that never came and
| stifling yawns with the butts of their
| night sticks. Now and then inside the ‘ff

Garden a souse bubbled over and had'to if

ba poured out, and on the outside at rare

moments there were flurries around —

the carts where Tammany's spellbinders. 5

were bawling, but seldom did more than Tg

a brace of policemen have to work, oe

But they whooped it up in and out of ©

season within the Garden and very often. © f

fellinto rank disorder, which annoyed |

the spealrers from Mr. Bryan to ex-Gow fj

Francis of Missouri and which suspended

several flights of our best Asenaee

oratory. Several thousand of the folk
who were stacked up from floor to ceil~
ing figured that they had a perfect right —
to butt in at any old time with their per-
sonal opinions and that it was the privilege ©
of any Democrat to hooray whenever
thespirit moved him. They surely did. ;
When Charle3 F. Murphy and Tammany -
give a really big party, especially in thé.

Girden, folks go early. Alonz about ‘

7 o'clock Jast night the Garden was two. -

thirds filled: At #:30, when the Bureau

of Combustibles was letting the fireworks
go pop, provided peoplé were very, very —
careful, practically all of the auditorium
seats had been grabbed and the galleries
were fast filling. At 8 o’olock nobody: —
but a mighty important citizen or a burg-
lar could have brokefi into two clear féet
of space. ;
The police Jet them dribble in, though, '
until half pflst 8, when the doors were —
slammed and nobody could ease himself
. Then people were bunched by the —
hundreds around the great rectangle of :
the floor, and outside were 3,000 maybe —
who were waiting for a finsh of the Peer~
less One and a chenoe to wise up the cans
didate for Governor. ‘ :
OUTSIDE ENTHUSIASM TAMED. ress
Meybe a fair example of Demooratie 3
weather tamed the enthusiasm in Madison” +:

Square. - Folks had to be wary of sudden —

showers, which were harder to dodge than

the spellbinders. Undoubtedly there |
have been livelier doings in the square "—
and a lot more of hullabaloo when Mr. "|

Bryan himself was the attraction. ;

coming of the Sullivans, rather of a prt —
derous motor truck which advertised tue

if
:

rs
BS,
i
4

 

oq

things up’a bit, and so did the i
The Sullivans rolled an eleo-

was the front of it, and the nantes of Sena
tor Christy D. Sullivan and “2
Sullivan blazed at the rear of it, on.
sides the names of Bryad ahd Chanier —
Gullives used up « goud mney lena
past 7:30, when a score of com- |
sharps from the bureau who had
nosing around to prevent the possl- ._
ty of a catastrophe such as ooourred |
years ago on the same ground |
signal strings of tiny fires
every ei a
front of

i

:

 

i

iE
i

3
a
i

é
$
z

:
:
Hl

a

i
=
i

~