e

 

LXX=N0, 8%,

MINISTER CONCHA RETIRES,

HE LEAVES TUE COLOMRAIAN LE-

—_—— —_

VOL.

GATION LOR THIS CITY,

His Withdrawal Believed to Be tn Consee
quence of This Government's Come
Dlaint Regarding His Adverse Attitude
Toward * the Panama Canal Treaty.

WASHINGTON, Dee. 1 Apparently in eon.
Sequence of the complaint this
Government concerning his attitude toward
the Panama Canal treaty, Sor Jo é 4
Concha, the Minister of Coloiabia, has wit!
drawn from Woshiigton to New York,
leaving Wr Herian, the secretary
of the Colombia:. Legation, ty cor duet the
canal negotiations j

mace by

Thomas

garded cs in-
.

aikating that a saiisfactory .featy with
Colointaa will be arranged, Minister Con-
Cla having been the def obstructionist

in the attempt of the
attain that end
The only official
State Department
of S& fir Cone removal
ington Was conveyed to it this afternoon by
Dr, Herra: Il tifled Acting Secretary
of State Hill that & tor Concha had gone
to X York ard would
acectrnt of
le believed wou
city, and for

Slate Dey artment to

information which the
possesses on the subject

ba's from Wash-

there on
» Whieh
}

efted v his »

remain
aition of his healt

d lx

the co

 

ln ay

iy that offer reasors of a

 

personal characte: Dr. Herian said also
that he had leen Cesigrnated as Chargé
G' Affaires ad interim of Colombia in the ab-
sence of the Minister, ard had been com-

amor ds«

canal negotiation:

icha to eonduct the
Beyond this

missioned by?

in his stead

 
  

 

  

 

the State Departn krows nothing

It is believed that Dr. Herran will be
appointed ts r Concha'’s successor as
Minister, this belief being based on the
knowledge that it has been intended foi
some time to promote him. He las been
stationed Voashing 1 ouloer
vears, is familiar with America Institue
tions, speaks hoglis flu and is on
excellent terms with the State Department
He has been informed of every move the
canal negotiations and knows the s ects
under discussion se roughiv that ne time
wilh be lost in aresut vol the anges
to enable him to bes »s acquainted with
the poliey of his Gover ent oor the atti-
tude assumed by S fior Concha

It is regarded as ecrtain in A iministration
circles that Sefior Concha will never return

to Washington. His lations with the
State Department are - that
there should be aradical change in his atti-
tude concerning the canal treaty, it would
be impossible for the Department to treat
with him further
S flor Concha came here early this year
and was formaliy presented to President
Hoosevelt on Mareh 17. He had been Min-
ister of Foretgp airs of Colombia and
as

el nless

    

Was gent to hington for the specific
purpose of negotiating a Panama Canal
treaty. After Congress authorived the con-

struction of the Panama Canal, for Con-
cha entered into negotiations with Secretary
Hay for a treaty, but these were suspended
in order to enable him to ascertain more
fully the views of his Government Upon
the return of Secretary Hay to Washington
in October, after an absence of several
months, he endeavored to renew the ne-
otiations with Seflor Concha, but was in-
foreped that the instructions which the
Minister was expecting had not arrived.
Recently Mr. Hay ascertained that S« flor
Concha had the instructions in his posses-
sion and it was attempted, but without
micoess,to induce himnto reopen the nego-

tiations

After some further waiting, Mr. Hay
rent in ..uctions to Mr. Hart, the United
States Minister at Bogota, to complain to
the Colombian Government of  Sefior

Concha's attitude and to ascertain why the

   
  
   

exchanges had not been resumed. The
outcome of thie was the prompt appear-
ance at the State Departinent of Sefior
Concha, Good .dway was meade toward
an agreement, but Mr Hay and Sefor
Concha came to a deadlock over the terins
to be incorporated in the treaty giving
the United States contro! of the canal
strip. Mr. Hay desired a provision whieh

would carry out the Spooner amendment
to the Ist »nian Canal act, providing for
complete vontrol over the canal strip by

 

the United States. Senor Concha, it is
waid, declined to give any consideration
to this subject whatever, on ground
that the Colombian Constitution forbade
the alienation of any territory of that
eountr’ He would not continue the ne-

gotiations, although Mr. Hav endeavored to

 

 

 

   

   

have him doe so, and in coosequence Mr. Hay
sent @ telegram to Minister Hart at Bo-
gow, direct him to lay before the
Colombian Government a statement of
Sefior Concha’s attitude : telegram
was sent early last wee is slenifi-
eant that aimost iinmediately thereafter
enor Concha left Washington and went

1o New ‘ork, where he is supposed to be

now

Mefior Concha bas wice tendered i's
resignation as Colombian Minister in Wash-
ington, In each insiance he gave as bis
reasons, according to. stateinon?s made

  
    
 

at the Coler i his health
Was poor aud he aig ty he Rep al mn
from his farmniiy i The (olom-
Hian Governme: recept the
tender fin each instance Phe  seeond

  

tender Was nace at the time when Secretary

May complained ef the Minister's refusal
fo carry out the imstructions to negotiat
a Canal treaty

Sefior Concha informed the State De-
partinent that he was invested with plenary
powers in the negotiations and that Wan

 

net necessary for hin to refer any dispute
to the authorities in Bogota. lt is sup-
pored that Dr Herran will not be invested

with any such supreme powers. He is
said to be in faver of the construction
of the Panama Canal by the United States,
while Seftor Concha epparently Was not
Dr. Herran told N veporter to-night
that he had reecive instructions from

 

 

his Government to conduct the canal treaty
negotiations and that they would be re-
opened immediat+ ly

It ia understood that Dr. Merran does not
share the view of Minister Conela that the

question of a transterence of sovercignty |

by Colombia to the United States is involved
in the negotiations. Instead, Dr. Herran
interpreta the provision of the Spooner
amendinent relating (o absolute eontrol of
the canal «trip by this Governinent os mean-
ing merely that .the United States are to
exercise such authority on the Isthmus as
will enable therm at all times to protocet the
cana! in a satisfactory manner. With this
understanding of his views it is rewarded
as practically certain that a satisfactary
treaty will be arranged within a very short

riod, probably before Congress adjourns |

or the Christimas holidays

Sefior Concha has been at the Hore! Endi-
eott in this city eince Friday. He refused
to gee reporters Who called there last night
ond sent word from his room that he had
nothing Whatever to say about his resigna-
tion. He received several visitors,

 

CAN'T GUARANTEE BONDS,

This Government Wil Not Be Responsible
for Venezuela's Debts.

Wastinaton, Dec, 1,-Mr. Isaae M
Seligman of New York, who is here in coa-
nection with the arrangement for the pay-
mant to England and Germany of the debts
Swed Briish and German subjects by the
Venezuelan Governinent, called at the
State Department to-day and had a con-
versation with De David J, Hill, the acting

a

‘Dewey's Wines Are Pure."
‘muy cf the makers.” We are the takers.”
‘ Hewes & tous: mx ultor s ‘ \ ~Aae

 

—

ff?

secretary of State. His apparent purpose
intalking with Dr. Hill was to ascertain the
views of the State Department with refer-
| ence to the suggestion that the United States
guarantee Venezuelan bonde
| tor payment of the indebtedness to
| EF gland and Germany, which the Seligmans
| have been asked to take
| It is understood that Mr, Seligman did
} not make any definite proposition to Dr,
| Hill, but indicated that his purpose was
'merely to find cut whether it would be
| to expect this Government to
' puarantee the bonds which the Seligmans
{are contemplating accepting as security
ior the payment of money to be advanced
| by them ‘to liquidate Venezuela's obii-
gations. While it is impossible to obtain
| anyof the eetails of the conversation be-
tween Mr. Seligman and Dr. Hill, it isiinown
that the State Department is opposed, as
| a matter of principle and policy, to becom-
ing & party to any such financial operation
as that under consideration, The Depart-
| ment takes the ground that it will be estab-
lishing an exceedingly bad precedent if
| this Government were to stand responsible
|
|
{
|
|

overc ment

the

reasouable

for the payment of bonds turnel over by
one of the American republics to a private
banking concern, Todo this in the case of
Venezuela, it ia held, would be a virtual
admission that the United States had estab-
lished a policy of ing
American republies in like manner an
might give the nations of Burope the im-
pression (hat they were to look tothe United
States for the collection of debts against
these reprublies

It cannot be said positively, however, that
Mr. Se}
and,

'
0

ali the othe)

aise

visit here has been fruitless
furthermore, there is no authority
justify an assertion that he has mace
any formal request, either to the President

rtothe Stote Department, that the United
States guarantee him against lose in an
arrangement with Venezuela for the pay-
ment of her debte to England and Ger-
) many

| GIVES

gran’

 

VENEZUELA A CHANCE.

German) Bevokes Order for More Warships
to Go There.

| Special Coble Despatch to Tar Sun.

'

]

 

Kren, Deol It has heen decided that no
German warships shall be sent from here
to Venezuela at the present time. The

( cruisers Ariadne, Niobe and Amazon, which

{ it was announced some days ago would go

|‘ Venezuela to enforce German claims
against that country, will join the northern
squadron on its Norwecian cruise

 

Venezuelaus Reoccupy Barcelona.
Wasiutnaton, Dec. 1.--Minister Bowen
at Caracas has telegraphed the State De-
partment that the Venezuelan revolutionists
were driven out of Barcelona on Saturday
and that the Government troops occupied
the town.

HAS KING SOLOMON'’S THRONE?

Lord Curzon Said to Have Discovered It
—Pians for the Durbar.
Special Cable Despatch to Tag Scr,

CavcuTta, Dec. 1.~ Among the gueata ex-
pected at Delhi for the coronation durbar
on Jan. 1 are the Duke and Duchess of Port-
Jand, the Duke and Duchess of Marlborough,
the Earl and Countess of Crewe, the Ear!
and Countess of Lonsdale, the Earl of Dur-
ham, and Mrs. Leiter and Miss Leiter, the
mother and sister of Lady Curzon. Among
the Americans who will attend the durbar
is Mr. Henry Phipps, Mr. Carnegie’s part-
nor, who will be accompanied by ten friends.

‘The Pioneer describes the view across the
camp at Delhi from Flagstaff Hill as a de-
lightful picture. There are lawns, flower
beds, avenues of glittering tents and silken
shamianaa, with gold draperies and waving
flags, as far as the eye can see

A special telegraph office has been fitted
up to accommodate 200 operators. There
are thirty emergency wires, which have a
working capacity of nearly 1,000,000 words
per day.

An extraordinary rumor is in circulation
in the bazaars regarding the archeological
researches of Lord Curzon, the Viceroy. It
is believed he has been searching for the
throne of King Solomon, and it is now re-
ported that the throne has been found and
that Lord Curzon will sit on it during the
coronation durbar. It is expected that
then some astonishing supernatural event
will occur.

FOR AN ANGLO-FRENCH TREATY,

Pian of a Permanent Arbitration Com-
mnission Meeting With Favor.
{ Special Cable Despatch to Tar Sun.
| Loxpon, Dee. 2.—The Daily Evzpreas
says t)at there is every prospect of a satis-
| factory conclusion of the negotiations be-

 

 

 

 

 

tween Lord Lansdowne and M. Delcasaé,
the British and French Foreign Minis-
ters respectively, for a settlement of
serious outstanding differences hetween
Great Britain and France, including the
French Shore, New Caledonia and Morocco
que ations.

The paper adds that meanwhile another
movernent is on foot aiming at closer Anglo-
French relations. The supporters of this
movement look to the sreonienens of a
joint commission to which disputes be-
tween the two countries can be referred,
following the lines of the proposed Anglo-
American treaty of arbitration of 1997,

The proposal has been submitted to
nearly all the French Chambers of Com-
merce, Where it has been enthusiastically
received, It is also warmly indorsed by
the prinetpal English trades unions and
many prominent Englishmen

The movement ie apparently engineered
by Mr. Barclay, formerly chairman of the
British Chamber of Commerce in Paris.

.

 

NEALTAHY CATTLE LANDED.

 

Four Thousand Head Are Ready for the
¥ English Market.
Special Cable Despatch to Tur Sen,
LivERPOOL, Dec, 1.--All cattle landed from
the United States at Birkenhead since the
notification of the prevalence of the foot
;} and mouth disease in New England have
| been declared to be free of the disease,
' Four thousand head of cattle are now
awaiting the work of the slaughterers

 

TO? PAY OFF CHURCH DEDTS,

 

Gustavus F, Swift of Chicago Gives 810,000

| to the Methodists of That City,
}
Cutcaco, Dee, 1.--Gustavus F. Swift
| has subscribed $10,000 to a fund which is
; te off the debts of the
| Methov/ist Epicone Chureh in Chicago,
| The gift made by Mr, Swift was announced
| by the Rev. A.D. Traveller at the weekly
| meeting of the Metho:list ministers to-day,
The movement to collect a fund sufficient
to wipe out the debts of the churches of
| this denomination in Chicago was begun
| several months ago, and since then $52,000
| has been subseribed. Mr. Swift's gift in-
creased the total amount eubscribed to
| $62,000, ‘
The combined debt of the churches is

$240,000,
Jack McAuliffe, former lightweight eham-
| pion pugilist, was locked up in the Tender-

lotn police station last night on a charge of

larceny. Aman, Who said he was William
| Adama of 184 Cannon street, accuses him
| of stealing his overcoat.

to be used in payin

 

Jack McAuliffe Rocked Up,

 

 

| Investors Read Tae Wall Street Journal
Because of [6 accuracy and completeness, the

| watenwords of its publishors, Dow, Jones & Co.,
for 0 vears — Ade

 

 

 
  

 

TUNNEL FRANCHISE SCANDAL,

DIEMER OF
PUTS OFF

rR oR. COMMITTEE
A VOTE A WEEK.

Committec, Which Was to Have Met Ves
terday, Won't Meet Until To-morrow
Murphy Says He's Given No Orders

—Is Tamniany Playing Politics?

Yesterday was pay day for the Aldermen
They all, good, middling and otherwise,
drew their monthly salaries from the city
But such eyes as have strained from the
City Hall steps for the approach of the
Pennsylvania pay car couldn't discern
anything that looked like it.

At 3 o'clock in the afternoon it was an-
nounced that the Railroad Cormmjttee
wouldn't meet until Wednesday afternoon,
This action brings another week's delay
over the tunnel franchise

John Diemer, who is in the liquor busi-
ness at 36 Hopkins street, Williamsburgh,
is chairman of the Railroad Committee.
He had said, and other Aldermen had made
the same announcement, that the com-
mittee would meet yesterday afternoon *o
that the reports, favorable and unfavor-
able, might both be put before the board
at to-day's meeting

Ald. Diemer appeared at the Cit v Hall early
and drew his salary. Then he went away.
After dinner the other members of the Rail
road Committee came stringing in one by
one, Ald. Diemer telephoned from his
home that he couldn't get over for a com-
mittee meeting, but would fix the time
for it. He told the City Clerk to post a
notice of a meeting Wednesday afternoon
That was just late enough to occasion a
week's delay

An afternoon paper had printed a story
to the effect that Ald. Diemer had heen
converted to the side ef public opinion
through a talk with Lieut.-Gov. Timothy
lL. Woodruff, who had promised to lend
his support with the Brooklyn Aldermen

to pass the franchise,

Ald, Diemer denied this. He said he
had not seen Mr. Woodruff in ten months
and had received no communication from

him on this subject. Mr. Woodruff con-
firmed this statement.

Ald. Diemer declared last night that
he did not believe the Aldermen would

pass the franchise until at least three con-
ditions had been chanved,

“The perpetuity clause must be stricken
out,” said he, *and an eightehour clause
must be put in for the protection of labor
Also the contract must call for the payment
of the prevailing rate of wages for
laborers.

When the question came to a vote last
in the board, Ald. Diemer — voted
against the franchise, and he will vote
against it incommittee inita present form

Ald. Diemer'’s excuse for the week's
delay which he caused yesterday was that
no meeting really had been called for yee-
terday and he couldn't find time to get the
members together

Yet all the members hed been at the City

Hall expecting a session. When they
found that Diemer was not coming Ald.
McCall (Tam), who is ainst the
franchise, but says he thinks it will pass,
and Ald. Owens (Tam), who voted

for it, went up to Tammany Hall and had
a private talk with Leader Murphy.

Samuel Prince, a former member of
Assembly, who is now an pees of
labor unfons and has made speeches against
the tunnel franchise, went with them,
When it was over Leader Murphy said:

“I'm not interfering in this tunnel matter
{ have issued no instructions concerning it
I do not know what the Board of Aldermen
will do.”

Aldermen Goodman, Peck and Owens,
three of the nine members of the Railroad
Committee, are committed to the support
of the franchise, Ald. Downing will
vote as Michael J. Dady directs. Blemer,
McCall and Wafer are ageinst it, Lundy
and Klett are classed as tincertain,

Tammany Aldermen tried to give out the
impression yesterday that they were only
playing polities in opposing the franchise
and that no question of material prosperity
at home entered into their considerations

“The fusion ticket got the labor vote in
the last Mayoralty campaign,” said they,
“and now Tammany is playing to get by
holding out for restrictions favorable to
organized labor.”

Ald. Goodman, who is favorable to
the franchise, said yesterday that he was
afraid it would be defeated.

“It seems ineredible that such a vast
public enterprise should be set aside by the
action of (he Aldermen,” said he

President Fornes of the Board of Alder-
men issued this statement:

I think that all these stories about a hold-up
and the Aldermen waiting to be “seen” are
doing a great deal of harm, for there is an
old saving that if vou give a man a name and
stick to it, he begins to think that he should
have the game. | sincerely believe that all
the Aldermen who have opposed the tunnel
ave done so on the grounds stated by them
ing ublie, and have no ulterior motives at all

think that the franchise will be passed

after some delay. A wrong impression should
not be drawn from this delay, It is not a
hold-up

] have received 2.290 petitions in favor of
the granting of the franchise, as against seven
that are opposed to it, and that seenis to be a
pretty good indication of the publio senti-
ment in favor of the project. I think it will
go through in time.

 

JAIL FOR FARO PLAYERS NEXT,

Jerome's

 

Present idea’ for

Gambling.

The man on the Grand Jury list who
plays in Canfield’s gambling house was
not drawn on the Deceinber Grand Jury
in the General Sessions. District Attorney
Jerome said he could use thie man to better
advantage after the holidays, providing
he wanted to make particular juquiry
into the Canfield matter.

“We'll have to nail a few players,” said

Curbing

Mr, Jerome yesterday *¢ “ternoon after
a diseuesion of the lity of the
efforts of Capt. Sehmitt! ger station to

eurb gatnbling in lus prec cet, and after
a man who Was in @ position to know had
assured Mr. Jerome that in the Tenderloin
and the territory north of it gambling
Was even tnore rife than it Was when Barney
York threate: ed to resign from the Police
Board if it, Wasn't repressed,

“Aftor these experiments,” said = Mr.
Jerome, referring to Sehmittberger's ef-
forts, “LT suppose we'll have to nail players
and give them about thirty days in the
penitentiary, It seems that that will be
the most effective way to stop this gam-
bling evil. The player would also be com-
pelled to testify againet the gambiers,
as the law prevents his pleading inerimi-
nation or degia lation in order to escape.”

Mr. Jerome was told that in certain
Tenderloin gambling houses within a tew
days alterations in the buildings have
been made at right, and that there has
heen so much racket at one house in West
Thirty-fifth street that the neighbors next
door sent word that there really must be
less noise, so that they might sleep, In
Another place there have been extensive
alterations of the masonry

“Probably to bolt gratings and steel
doors to,” said Mr. Jerome, “I must con-

) fesa I cannot understand why gamiblers

should fortify so strongly. It means the
use of high explosives, if :ecessary to get
in, and there's no need of such strong out-

works. The players don't need iron stairs
ard secret exits. ‘They are never ur.
rested,”

 

Twenty Hours Between East and West,

New York and Chicago brought within less than
a day's journey by the Pennsylvania Special,
The appointments o
desired. -Aae

 

NEW YORK, TUESDAY. DECEMBER. 2.

  

i © ‘ 2

the train are all that can be | ‘ :
| tary of We" Mast. was sinking rapidly

_

 

WW,

   
 

 

1902.-

MORT RY WES, RORTRIGHIT'S AUTO

THE TWELVE POISON EATERS. |

——— --— ‘

Backed Into Battalion Chief Kinney's Wife
and Injured Her Foot.

Mrs. Thomas A. hinney of 23 Montgomery
street, the wife of Tire Chief Kinney of the
Second Battalion, stepped from the curb
at Broaiway and Twenty-firet street ves-
terday, when an electric automobi'e, ia which
War ast Vlishly dressed woman, backed into
her and hurt her left foot.

Policeman Hyan told the driver of the
allo to star where he waa until he got per-
mission to leave. The occupant of the
auto seemed to be worried and apparently
was much relieved when an elderly man
came through the crowd and bowed to her.
He and Policeman Feldman got into the
machine and started for the Tenderloin
station, while Ryan took Mrs. Kinney there
in a car

At the station the driver of the auto said
he was John Shea of 272 Fighth avenue,
|
|
|

 

THEY BEGIN A COURSE OF DIET

AT UNCLE SAM'S

TABLE.

 

Experiments to Note the Effect of Pare and
Adulterated Foods-— After Two Weeks’
of Good Food They Will Be Served
With “Poisoned or Aduiterated Stulf.

WasHINGTON, Dec. 1.
era,” as the twelve young men who com-
pose the Department of Agriculture's
training table have come to be popularly
called, began their course of diet experi-
ments to-day, under the direction of Prof.
Wiley, the chemist of the Department.
They will not eat any poisoned food for
about two weeks, however, or until Mr.
Wiley finds out all about their physical
peculiarities and determines just how
much wholesomne food it takes to keep
each one at a certain weight. The twelve
young men, who are all employees of the
Agricultural Depart ment—six of them from
the chemical laboratories and six from
the offices of the Department—arrived at
the Department this morning. They were
firet made to strip, were then weighed and
at 8 o'clock sat down to a breakfast pre-
pared by the Department's cook, that,
as they all united in saying, “couldn't have
been better.” The fact that every ounce
of food put before them had been care-
fully weighed and measured and that every
drop of water given them to drink had
been filtered and rendered germ proof,
didn't spoil their appetites to any marked
degree or make them bashful, and after
Prof, Wiley had viewed their perform-
ances for a while he decided that they
were all mighty good men and that it was

oing to cost the Departinent something
wandsorme to keep the experiment table in
operation.

Every morning before breakfast the young
men will be weighed, their pulse, respira-
tion and temperature taken, and the results
noted on a big chart, and in the course of
two weeks Prof. Wiley expects to be able to
tell to a fraction just how much wholesome,
subtantial food is necessary to keep each
of them at the exact figure at which he
weighed in to-day. When this has been
accomnplished the twelve men will be divided
into two squads, and will take their meals
at separate tables, at one of which pure
food will be served and at the other food
Which has been “poisoned” or mixed with
adulterants, preservatives and coloring
matter, Which are ip general use in all classes
of foods sold on the American market.

The “poison squad” will be kept on their
adulterated diet long enough to enable
| Prof. Wiley to observe whatever effect it
may have upon them. They will then
have a rest of fifteen days, during which
time they will again eat nothing but pure
food, while the other squad takes its place
at the poisun table. By altapuating the two
squads and comparing the resulis of the
observations made while the members of
the eXperiunent table are on a pure food
diet with the observations of their respective
physical conditions when eating food mixed
With supposedly poisonous substances, it is
expected that it will be possible to deter-
mine just how deleterious to the human
system the Various adulterants, preserva-
tives and coloring matters are,

To add an ele nent of uncertainty to the
experiment, so far as the twelve young men
are concerned, as well as to prevent the
theory of mental suggestion from having
any influence upon their bodily condition,
one of the six at the poison table will be given
pure food entirely, Which one of the six it
| will be only Prof. Wiley knows, and he isn't
gving to tell until after the conclusion of the
experiments, which it is expected will con.-
tinue about six months

The twelve young men--Dr. Wiley doesn't
want their names used~ are all in fine physi-
eal condition and every one of them seems
delighted at the idea of being a boarder of
Uncle Sam for half a year. ‘There are a few
inconveniences, however, which they will
have to suffer. ‘They will not be allowed to
eat between meals nor at night, nor at any
other place than the Department's dining
room. Acertain number of glasses of water
will be allowed them each day, and if one of
the boarders finds he must exceed the allow-
ance or suffer, he must tneasure the drink
carefully and make a record of it for Prof
Wiley's reference. ‘The metnbers of the
squad are aiso permitted a limited and
stated allowance of tobacco every twenty-
four hours. In addition to these there are
no other restrictions, except that they must
report to Prof. Wiley any daily ‘appening
out of the ordinary which might: possibly
have an effect upon their pliysical condition
Prof. Wiley confidently expects that the
experiments will prove of the greatest bene-
fit and advantage to the public and that the
data gained by the Department relative to
the various deleterious substance *® in com-
mon use in foodstuffs in this co intry will
form the basis of the pure food ill which
the Secretary of Agriculture will } -esent to
Congress

The “poison eat-

emp'oved by the New York Transportation
Company, which owns the automobile
He wouldn't teil the occupant’s name nor
would she.

Mrs. Kinney said she didn't want to make
a complaint and the couple left the station.

At the office of the New York Transporta-
tion Company it was said that Joha Shea was
the driver of the euto which Mra. Gouver-
ueur Kortright Of 15 Last Fifty-sixth street
hired by the month

 

JUMPED INTO A FLYWHEEL,

Workman in No Danger Becomes Confused
and Is Killer.

Puttaprienra, Dec. 1.--Antonio Troina,
37 years old, @ laborer, was killed through
being caught in a 20-foot flywheel at the
Pennsylvania Railroad's engine room at
Fifteenth and Filbert’ streeta to-day.
Troina passed between two big dynamos
in the power house and became confused
He was in no danger, but in his excite-
ment made an attempt to Jump over one
of the dynamos.

His feet became entwined in a 20-inch
belt and before he could extricate him-
self he was sent whirling toward one of
the big 20-foot wheels, revolving at the
rate of 250 revolutions a minute

 

Troina
was drawn into the wheel and his body
was hurled around the belting. After
passing through the wheel he was hurled
out with a force which shot him head fore-
most through a plate glass door,

The force with which he was hurled
through the door was such that his body
rebounded eight
floor,

feet after striking the

 

DR. LORENZ'S VISIT DELAYED.

In Next Two Weeks He Will Go to Washing:
ton, Baltimore and Philadeiphia,

Dr. D. D. Ashtey, professor of ort hopa tic
surgery at the New York Post Graduate
Hospital, received the following telegram
from Prof. Adolf Lorenz yesterday:

“Notify Gibney and Shaffer that I cannot
reach New York as early as 1 expected.
Will stop at Washington, Baltimore and
Philadelphia.”

Dr. Ashley at once notified the Post
Graduate Hospital authorities, Dr. Virgil P
Gibney at the Hospital for Puptured and
Crippled Children and Dr. Shaffer at the
Cornell Medical College Clinic. The sur-
geon's visit will be delayed about
weeks,

Speaking of the delay, Dr. Shaffer said
last night:

“Tam glad, for it will give us a chance to
make a more careful selection of cases of
congenital dislocation,”

two

HOT AFTER CAPT, DEVANNEY,

Commissioner Ebsiein Will Investigate the
Fort Hamilton Precinct.

The raid on an alleged poolroom at
Ninetieth street and Fourth avenue, Fort
Harnilton, by Detectives Bonner and Don-
aher of the Headquarters staff, Brooklyn,
on Saturday night has brought out aceu-
sations that poolrooms, handbooks and
gambling of all kinds, as well as the Excise
law, are being violated with impunity in
that section of the borough, Hints of
“protection” were yesterday openly com-
mented on, “Padding” the blotter in the
Fort Hamilton station was calmly admitted
by men who are in a position to know,

Sergt. David Fvans, acting captain in
the absence of Capt, Michael Devanney,
who is on vacation in the West, says he
had no knowledge of the existence of the
alleged poulrooms, Capt, Devanney, it is
said, has forbidden records of gambling
inthe precinet to be entered on the blotter

Deputy Commissioner Ebstein said last
evening that the state of affaira had been
brought to his attention and that he was
about to start a thorough investigation, not
only of the condition of that distriet, but
also into the conduet of Capt. Devanney
He would confer with Commissioner Part-
ridge about the matter to-day, he said,
and charges would certainly follow if he
found warrant for them

 

 

 

 

PRINCETON PRESIDENTS

Woodrow Wilson and Dr. Patton Guests
of the Presbyterians.

Because President Woodrow Wilson and
ex-President Francis L. Patton were the
principal guests, the Prebyterian Union
of New York called their banquet at the
Hotel Savoy last night “Princeton night.”
The banquet was the largest ever given
by the union, almost 500 members and
gues's being present. Besides Dr, Wilson
and Dr. Patton the Rev. Dr. Henry ran
Dyke was to have been a guest, but was
kept away by the sudden illness of Mrs
vu. Dvke

Robert C. Ogden, president of the union,
first introduced President Wilson, who
said in part:

DINED.

 

 

BOSTON STEAMSHIPS HARD HIT,

 

Can't Go to Canada, as Was Pianned, to
Get Cattle Cargoes.

Rostox, Dee. 1.—Steamship men here
were discouraged to-day because of the
order of the Canadian Government that no
vessels clearing from Boston shall be per-

. ‘anadi feel that Tam here under peculinr cireum
mitted to load cattle a Canadian porta, ain the firat lny president t it Princeton
This order has upset al! their plans to have | jasever been permitted to: ave, but | will try

ssure some of you by saying t ot on
am descended from the
first. Presbyterian bistoriuan of Scotland,
the Rev. T omns Woodrow, and that ingthe
veins of my father flowed the rieh hlod oi
ie north of Ireland

You know that we live in the blessed day
when the battle is over ond nccommodation

and rex

their ships eall at either Halifax or St.John
my mother’s side I

for live stock, and to-day they have all been
exchanging telegrams with their Canadian
representatives:

C. P. Jameson of the Dominion Line,
who had completed arrangements to send

aad a sn‘ ee tc ai ASC tc iam = = a SS SSS
oem eee

 

 

two steam Vm the Englishman, and the and peace are in the roliginus werld ou |
Merio., to Halifax for cattle, believes now | may siy that accommodation is indiMerene

that those vessels will have to go direct from | and that rmocy be so) Men do not bold bes |

Boston to England without live stock Hefa with the etrenuousness that toev one |

George Bray, agent of the Leviand GU ne, | did I don't know bow fur of tie union of |
said this morning that the steamer Armenian | the Chures is, but T tr ink that there ts a live
of his comp any Will go from Boston to Great and let live spirit 1) ink A vil first ae
Britain with forty cattle, and after th fie union in tie missionary fleld when we
ves ' hat he | becin to wow the dent on that after all we

8 iys he does not know what will be done,

‘Lhe Cunard and Wilson-Furness lines are
at a standstill until they learn exactly what
the attitude of the Canadian Government
will be under pressure

70

|

'

all worship the same God |
[ erealfinetion of te university ie to get

rid of the spirit of doutet The way to sow |

doubt is to rama thing down a boy's t! rant, }
for it the jam the gorge rises and the gorge

is doubt

In conclusion Dr, Wilson said that one |

of the thin |

'

 

BILL STOP KISSING. sthat the Presbyterian Church
need not fear was the ine of intel-
lectual power, At Princeton, le said, they
had a definite faith and a solidity of prin-
ciple, a faith not only in an overruling
Providence, but in a living Christ With
these, he said, there was no need to be
afraid of the future of the university or

|
ite relation to the Chureh |
|
|

 

 

Virginia Legisiator Wants to Make Oscuia-
tion a Misdemeanor,

RicuMonp, Va., Dec. 1.~—Kissing spreads
dixeases, according tothe view of Dr. R, B.
Ware, & member of the Virginia Legisla-
ture. ‘lo prevent epidemics in future
he to-day introduced a bill to prevent in-
discriminate osculation, The bill saye:

“Ifa physician testifies that the defendant
has weal Jungs he shall be found guilty
of a mixdemeanor and the same penalty
shall be imposed as if he had some conu-
tagious or infections disease,

Dr. Patton said that he regretted very
much the absence of Dr
felt that he wo.

van Dvke, as he
it have talked on the sub-

   

3

{rv of croed vision, While some, like
rimself, he said, were so obstinate as to
believe that no revision was necessary,
{i wae, nevertheless, a matter of profound |
gratification lo them that revision Hac done |

 

ey ee hall i violating, pain provielons no harm te eabalistic faith end that the
of this act shall be Ceemed guilty of @ mis- | confession of faith was still there
demeanor and fined wot less than one dol- Gumemnenendenenenernmeneieeee
Jarnor mere than five for each offence.” Burnewt's Cocoasne + Gone ® Atlays inritas |
tlon anu ¢ ’ Hal dt

 

 

ee a SS SSS SS SSS SSS Ssh sss es i

Salem 1. Wetes Sinking.

It was reported early this morning that
Salem H. Wales, the father-in-law of Serco.

Deerfoot Farm Sausages,
Made of the iender ment of dairy fed, fat, young |
gorders, dainiily seasoned with seecte| spices
vy two-pound package Beware of luitations
—Adr

 

 

|; Senator White

, hattan and Brooklyn yesterday at $7 to $7.!

Fatr

Copunaht, 192, by The Sun Printing and Publishing Aasociation.

FOUNDER BRADLEY'S OUT.

His Resignation as Mayor of Asbury Park
Accepted.

Aspurny Park, N. J., Dec. 1.—Founder
James A. Bradley's resignation as Mayor
of this city was accepted by the City Coun-
cil to-night. There has never been a time
before in the history of Asbury Park when
Mr. Bradley was not a public officer.

The Council also voted to appoint a com-
mittee of citizens to prepare a suitable
testimonial to Mr. Bradley for his services
to the city.

Now that Mr. Bradley is a plain citizen
the city is in a position to negotiate for
the purchase of his board walk and the
city sewers. A committee was appointed
for this purpose to-night, consisting of Dr
Bruce C. Keator, Dr. H. 8. Kinmouth,
George W. Treat and 8S. W. Kirkbride.

It is expected that the preliminary papers
will be executed this week and that a special
bond election will be called next Monday
night.

TWENTY-NINE DROWNED?

Fourteen on the Steamer Hebard and the
Rest on Other Vessels.

Saci~t Ste. MarRig, Mich., Dec. 1.—
Twenty-nine lives are believed to have been
lost in the terrible gale from the West which
swept over Lakes Superior and Huron Sat-
urday night. The steamer Charles Hebard
is known to be a total wreck, and no hopes
are entertained for her crew of fourteen.

The schooner Aloha, in tow of the He-
bard, ia missing, and it is believed she has
gone down with seven lives.

The schooner Celtic broke away from
her tow in Lake Huron while bound for
this port, and little doubt is felt that she
has foundered in the storm and that her
crew of eight are lost.

 

 

 

 

A TROLLEY CAR BABY,

Litde Master Morsiz Born While His Mother
Was Away From Home,

Car 127 of the Grove street line was nearing
the Lackawanna Railroad terminal in Ho-
boken yesterday afternoon when a stork
flew in at the door and brought an infant
son to Mrs. John Morsiz of 213 Suydam
avenue, Jersey City. Mr. Morsiz was
present when his family was thus increased,
and he and the women passengers in the
car organized themselves into an emergency
corps of nurses,

The car was switched over to the Willow
avenue tracks and run up to St. Mary's
Hospital, and Mrs. Morsiz and her son
were taken in and cared for.

 

 

GIRL KILLED BY A_ HAIRPIN.

She Pushed It Too Far Inte Her Far and
Burst the Eardrum.

Fifteen-year-old Margaret Crowe of 410
Clinton street, Hoboken, died at St. Mary’s
Hospital in that city early yesterday morn-
ing. She was picking her ear with a hairpin
last Friday and pushed it too far in, burst-
ing the eardrum and bringing on meningitis,

 

 

FRANK CROKER IN TAMMANY.

Society Initiates Also Haffen, Foley and
Frawley.

Three of the district leaders of Tammany
Hall were initiated into the Tammany
society at its regular meeting last night.
First to face the ordeal was President Haffen
of the borough of The Bronx. After him
came Big Tom Foley, the boas of the Second,
and Senator J. J. Frawley.

Frank Croker, a son of the former leader
of Tammany Hall, was initiated, and about
twenty others

leader Charles F. Murphy of Tammany
Hal! was there

 

 

HATCHET FOR, ROOSEVELT.

The President Receives One From Hudson
Bay Country.

Ortawa, Dec, 1.—Col. Turner, the United
States Consul, received recentiv through
Secretary Cortelyou a personal request
from President Roosevelt for a Hudson Bay
hatchet. The Colonel secured a fine one
from Colin Rankin, factor for the Hudson
Bay Company at Mattawa, and at once
forwarded it to the President. The hatchet
WM question possesses a peculiarly shaped
blade which makes it specially convenient
to hang on a belt

A VESSEL ON FIRE AT SEA,

Ponce's Officers Think She Was an Aban-
doned Lumber Carrter.

The steamship Ponce, in yesterday from
Porto Rico, passed on Saturday, off Hat-
teras, a vessel on fire fore and aft

The Ponce steamed around the burning

craft, but saw no signs of life or boats

It is thought the vessel was a lumber
carrier and was set aflre by her crew just
before they abarconed her

 

 

SAW

 

 

W. ROCKELVELLER BUILDS A ROAD.

Spends #6,000 to Macadamize Broadway
for Two Miles,
TARRYTOWN, Dec, 1.—William Rocke-
feller, so that he may have a boulevard
on which to run his automobile from the
Tarrytown siation to Rockwood Hall, his
Scarborough home, has just expended

$8,000 for macadamizing Broadway from
Sleeny Hollow Cemetery to Mrs, Elliot F
Shiperd’s country home at Scarborough,
a cistance of two miles

 

 

Thlet Chicreforms a Woman,

STAMFORD, Conn., Dee, 1—While Mrs.
W. 8. Scofield was alone in her home on
the outskirts of the town to-day a man
entered the kitchen, pointed a pistol at
her and commanded silence. She at-
tempted to flee and le knocked her down,
gagged her and then applied a ehloroform
saturated cloth to her face. Half an hour
later the woman revived and gave the alarm
The house had been ransacked and the

thief escaped with about $50

Moltneun Case on the Stage.

A travesty on the Molineux Was
played at Blaney's Theatre in Newark lust
night It enme to a vivid finish
midnight with the fall of the Willamsbure
bridge. The Dogtown verdict is that at is

case

ust before

ja great play

 

After Ducks and Health.
Senator Horace White of Syrac ge. Who
ia trying to shake off an attack of nervous

promretion, Waa in New York yesterday on
6 Way to the South to shoot queks ;

Coal at 7.
Anthracite coal could be bought in Man-

 

 

aton
Laxartous Train to California,

the electric Nehted “Overland Limited.”
everything en route. via Culeago

Best of
ral North West

     

er nhion Pacifie and Soutne ‘actic Hallways
Oller o€1, I87 and S46 Broce \de
es
A Word to the Ladies.
There te a jadies’ maid on the Pennsyiventa

Special who will look out for ali your wants
twenty hour Journey to Chicago is
" * Moe rations \dr

The
brightened

 

!

 

Foespiy, Deceusen 9, 1000,
to-day; cloudy and probably rafn

to-morrow,

 

PRICE TWO CENTS.

   

RAID ON CANFIELD’S.

Jerome and Police Tackle
the Immune.

 

RAM A WINDOW WITH A LADDER

 

Canfield There—Not a Pris-
oner—Manager Arrested,

 

Hidden Store of Gambling Apparatas
--Demonstration With a Ladder at
38 West Thirty-third Street Alse,
but the Police Finally Ring end Eater
and Attack a Steel Door Upeteire
—Canfield Says He'd Have Let Them In
if They Had Rung His Bell—‘‘Not a Card
Turned Here for Months,” Gays RB. A.

Richard A. Canfleld’s gambling house,
at 5 East Forty-fourth street, was raided
about 11 o'clock last night by Police Inspeo-
tor Brooks, acting with District Attorney
Jerome. Canfield was in the house, but was
not arrested.

Inspector Brooks had a dozen of his
men under Sergt. Cohen waiting for him
over in an East Side street. With them was
an old, dilapidated express wagon with
two heavy ladders on it.

At 11 o'clock Inspector Brooks joined
his men. They all piled into the disrepu-
table wagon, made a detour around the
Grand Central station and then came down
Fifth avenue.

The wagon stopped at Forty-fourth street.
Two men rushed into the telegraph office
in Fifth avenue near the corner and got into
the yard back of Canfield’s. Other deteo-
tives in some way got to the roof of the place.
Others went to the front of the building
and in only a few seconds every possible
outlet was covered

Then Inspector Brooks and one of his men
seized a ladder from the wagon and ranone
end of it through the ground floor window
on the west of the door.

The window went in with a crash, the
curtains were ripped away and the waine-
coting was smashed. Brooks and his
companions had an axe with them, They
ran up the ladder cleared away the window
frame with a few blows and then piled {n,

CANFIELD AND HIS LAWYER THERS.

The raiders found half a dozen men in
the house. Among them was Canfield,
whom none of the raiders, apparently, recog
nized. With him there was John Delahunty,
his lawyer, who later acted in Canfield’s
behalf at every opportunity.

There were also a couple of men in even-
ing drese in the place and several liverted
negro servants.

The front door was soon opened and the
other policemen came in.

The whole ground floor was furnished
as anv rich man's private house might be
furnished, Ked carpet was on the floor,
statuary was in suitable places and the
walls were hung with paintings.

NO GAMBLING TABLES IN SIGHT.

The police ran to the rear windows,
which were hung with heavy awinging
shutters. Then they went upstairs to the
s cond {floor. Here were two rooms form-
ing a double parlor. In the front room
was a long mahogany table. Against the
call were heavy chairs

When the police rea ‘hed this floor the man
who said he was Delahunty went up to In-
spector Brooks.

“Inepeetor,” he said, “I am a reputable
lawyer. | am going to appear for Mr
Canfield here with your permission. I'll
produce anybody you want or anything
you want to see, and you can thus avoid the
trouble of looking all over the place.”

Brooks and his men didn’t pay much
attention to the lawyer, They went on
up to the third floor, where there were two
rooms, a sort of parlor and a bedroom,

In the bedroom was a large bed with a
heavy mahogany canopy. The police found
nothing there to interest them

They were on the way to the next floor,
the top one, when Distriet Attorney Jerome
and Deputy Police Commissioner Piper
came into the house

The whole party went up to the top floor
On that floor they found four small rooms.
The front room was evidently Canfleld's
own bedroom. in it was a bed and a large
desk, littered with papers, checks, check
stubs and writing materials. The raiders
didn't even look at the stuff, but went to
the room next to it

There also they found nothing to interest
them particularly and they went to the
third, which was filled with baggage. That
they let alone, at least for the time being.

rHAgE LONELY DOLLAR BILLS,

When they went into the rear room they
found a mahogany table with a red cover
The detectives pulled off the cover
and three new one-dollar bills fluttered
to the floor

“Guess they've
a detective

One of the negro servants who had come
in let out a qurse at that

SCANS CANSIELD'S CHECK ROOKS,

Mr had pounoed
of cheek booka which lay on
He began to look through

   

on uu

just been made,” said

Meanwhile Jerome

on a coupl
another table
one

“Now,” said Delahunty, “if there'a no
objection, Mr. Jerome, I'm acting here
for Mr. Canfield. I don't believe there's
anything in any warrant vou have which
aliowsa you to look in these check books
But first, have vou any objection to my
being here?”
ou'd better ask Inspector Brooks," eaid
Mr. Jeron * He's in charge

Delalunty looked at Brooks

 

 

  
  
 

 

 

 

“LE don't object,” said Brooks

*Well, how about your reading theae
books, Mr. Jerome?” asked Delahunty

“Oh, L guess Pll look at them,” said the
Distriet Attorney, throwing down the
first cheek book and taking up the second

At (bis point a man addressed as “Terry”
by the raiders, and who appeared as a
legal adviser for the Distriet Attorney
and the raiders, whispered in) Jerome's

eV .
Jerome replied: “Qh there's nothing in
them anvrray

About this time on came Police Captain

‘The 20th Century Limited,”

one of elg.t dally trains Lotween New ¥
Cuwago via the New York Central hues
prehemsive service —Adr

 

and
com