bea

 
 

“Vol. LEX—=NO. 1H

TWO DEAD IN RESIDENCE FIRE

LEONARD LEWISOHN'S DAUGHTER
AND A SERVANT KILLED.

Urs. Philip 8. Henry Suffocated in a Blaze
Which Wrecked Her Home—Waltress
Lost Her Head and Jumped From a
Window—Two Henry Children Saved.

 

 

Mrs Philip S. Henry. a daughter of the |
late Leonard Lewisohn, the banker, and
a sister cf Jesse Lewisohn, was killed yes-
terday roorning in a fire in her home, 4
Fast Fifty-sixth street. It was Mrs. Henry
rho first discovered the fire and gave the
alarm which enabled the other members
of the family and four cf her five servants
to escape. Alvida Erickson, a Swedish
waitress, was killed by jumping from a
thiicestory window.

The two Henry babies were saved by
their father and anurse. Until the mother’s
body was found in a second-floor sittine-
room it was supposed that she had reached
the home of aneighborinsafety Her body
lav within three feet of a front window,
which she had evidently tried to reach.

Mrye. Henry, who was Miss Florine Lewi-
soln, Was but 26 years old. She was mar-
ried or April 10, 1900, to Philip 8. Henry, who
wes in the brokerage business in London at
the time. He has since moved to this city
and is engaged in the coffee business. He
is building a house at Eighty-sixth etreet
and Fifth avenue, and the Henrys were liv- |
og only temporarily in the Fifty-s!xth |
street house, which they had leased from
! C. Richardson, who, with his family, is
staving for the season at Lakewood. Most
of the furniture and pictures which were
cestroyed yesterday were the property of
Mr. Richardson. The estimated loss on
them is $40,000

When Mr. Henry came to this country to |
be married in March, 1900, he was arrested
ty Treasury Agent Theobald on a charge
of smuggling, and $8,000 worth of jewelry
and laces which he had brought with him
was seized. He proved that the goods
seized were not si Lject to duty because they
were all presents for Miss Lewisohn, who
would carry them back to London after
they were married. He was then released.

The Henrys have had two children—
Violet, 2 years, and Gladys, five weeks old.

Mr. and Mrs. Henry occupied a sleeping
room on the second floor in the rear. The
fire started in the pantry which occupied |
about all of a rear extension of the first
floor and the roof of which was directly
under Mre. Henry's bedroom windows.

The flames had time to burn through the
roof of the extension before they were
discovered. Then Mrs. Henry, who was
in bed, saw the flames reflected in a mirror
and awakened her husband, “ho rushed tu
the rescue of his children. This was just
after 6 o'clock.

Just what Mrs. Henry did after that no-
body could tell, not even the cook, who in
saving herself went through the room in
which her mistress’s body was found.

The children were asleep on the third |
floor. Mr. Hen srabbed Violet from her |
bed and etarted for the street with her,
shouting “Fire!” and calling to each ser-

vant by npme.

Mit. der tanta. whone quartern were on the |
fo floor, fost above the nursery, al] heard
im end, with the exception of the wait-
ress, rushed for the stairs.

fargaret Mayer, one of the two nurses, |

was the firet person ont of the house. She |
was on the sidewalk crying and shrieking
condemnation of herself for not having |
stopped for one of the children when ond

‘

 

 

father came out with Violet.

The Mayer worran, who was barefooted,
and in her nightgown, was calmed some-
what, but was still too hysterical to take
the child to the nearest shelter. Instead,
she fled barefooted, through the snow and
with the baby in her arms, across Madison
avenve, along Fifty-sixth street to Fifth

-onue, and then down to 22 Weat Fifty-
ffth street, the hore of Albert Lewisoln
‘tnere she got shelter for herself and the
child and at the same time aroused the
family. Walter, Fred and Oscar Lewisohn,
three of Mra. Henry’s brothers, went over
to the burning houre and got there just in
time to take care of Mr. Henry, who wae
fighting with policeren and firemen for
an opportunity to get back into the build-
ing to find his wife. He had already made
a secord trip to the nares to get the baby
On this trip he met Mina Rudge, the other
nuree, corning out of the children’s room
with Giadys in her arms, and followed her
cow? stairs

The nurse and the baby got into the etrect
just in time to escape the flames, which
hed reached the front hall, and went to the
kssex apartment house at Madison aveiue
aud Fifty-sixth street. Mr. Henry was
not so fortunate. His face was burned
ard he was almost overcome by smoke.
He flually reached the sidewalk with his
pajamas aflre and fell unconscious in the
xOW, Neighbors put out the fire on
his clothing with snow.

Just before this, Alvida Erickson, the
waitress, climbed out of a third-story win-
dow in her nightgown and stood on the
sill. She had made her way down one |
flight from the servants’ quarters, but was
cut off on the third floor by the smoke and |

Ame,

“Don't jump,” ple yelled at her from
the or the ladders will be here in
a minute.”

She gave one shriek and then jumped, |

|

landing in the middle of the street. She
died an hour later.

Abou: the same time Ida Sheffer, the
cook, climbed out of the eltting-room win-
dow on the seco: d floor frost a dhung from
at. iron baleovy uvtil she was rescued by
Fireman Seallon of Hook and Ladder 2.

The last person to come out alive |
way of the front door was Marvy Quinn,
Mrs. Henry's maid. She ran down the
front stoop with her nightgown ablaze.

“They're ail out.” she exc'ained, “Every-
hovy's sefe, IT shouted at every landing.
I shouted nt Mrs. Henry's door and got no
answer, They are all out.” Then she
fairted, ;

lt wan immediately after that that Mr.
Kenry recovered conacioueness and, not
finding hia wife in the street, made frantic
atten pts to return to the house, which by
that time was a furnace, Policemen had
hard work to restrain him efid neighbors
tried to reessvre him by telling him that
Mrs. Henry hed followed one of the children
to the Tser. Others told him that ehe
had gone to the home of her brother, Albert
lewisohn, im West Pifty-fifth etreet, and
he was finally induced to go there.

His condition was such that the family

id not dare inform him cf Mrs. Henry's
fate uy ti) several hours offer the fire,

Ida Sheffer, the cook, went to Newark
before anybody had a chance to ask if she
had seo, her mistress room from
which she climbed through the window
Was the one in which Mrs. Henry's body
was fou.d, That was the sitting room.
Rehi dthat were bath and dressing rooins
adi, the rear of them was Mrs. Henry's
sleeping room, Mrs. Henry's body was not
burned. She was killed by suffocation
in going the length of the house.

The whole house was guited and the
fire burned so fiercely that pieces of hard
teakwood furniture were reduced to char-
coal ad several metal orname.ts in the
Parlor were t wisted and melted out of shape.

he cause of the fire, in the opinion of the
lewikohn family, was a detective fiue
leadicg from the kitchen range in the base-
ment and running up the rear wall between
the body of the house and the pantry ex-

tension.

A

ee
tor the Connoisseer:

Pall Mal

Boo. Cigareties. —Agm

 

1 eee

HEINZE IN A BARROOM FIGHT.

 

The Copper Millionaire Whips a Butte
Lawyer.

Botrs, Mon., Jan. 11.—F. Augustus
Heinze, the millionaire mining man and
famous litigant with the Amalgamated
Copper Company, became involved in a
bloody fist fight last night in the barroom
of the Thornton Hotel with John M. Dixon,
@ well-known lawyer.

Heinze was accused of he ving used a vile
epithet against Judge Hiram Knowles of
the United States Court, which Dixon re-
sented. The result was a fight in which
Dixon was knocked down by a blow on the
nose that caused blood to flow profusely.

Both men clinched and Mr. Heinze, who
is much the heavier man, forced Dfxon
down on one of the grill seats, where he
choked him until the lawyer, in response
to a question, expressed a willingness to dis-
continue hostilities. The men then sepa-
rated and departed in different directions
with friends.

The report of the fight soon spread and
was discussed in barrooms, clubs and hotel
lobbies. It appears that Mr. Dixon and
several friends were in the barroom of
the hotel when Heinze entered He ac-
cepted an invitation to join the party, it
is said, and a general conversation followed.

The talk drifted to politics and incidentally
to the successes and failures of Mr. Heinze
until finally Heinze is said to have applied
a vile epithet to Judge Knowles.

Mr. Dixon declared that Mr. Heinze
must retract his statement. Mr. Heinze
refused to make any retraction, whereupon
Mr. Dixon took off his coat and declared
that there must be a retraction or a fight.

The declaration of Mr. Dizon provoked
from Mr. Heinze a repetition of the epithet
and immediately Dixon struck him. Mr.
Heinze retaliated with a blow on Dixon's
nose. There were some rapid exchanges
and the men clinched, Mr. Heinae bearing
Mr. Nixon down on the grill seat and chok-

ing him.
ES

DIDN'T SHOOT AT ALFONSO.

The Assassin Was After the Duke of Soto
mayor.
Speciai Cable Despatch to THE Scx.

Marnip, Jan. 11.—‘lhe following has been
officially communicated to all the embassies:

“Ou Friday a man mentally affected
asked for an interview in Madrid wit
the Duke of Sotomayor, the Lord Chamber-
lain. The Duke, knowing his condition,
refused to stop.

“The man, being aware that on Saturday
the Duke would accompany the King to
the Church of Buen Suceso for a Salve
service, shot at his carriage, which was

 

 

following that of his Majesty. A police- |
man, seeing the attempt, cut at the assail-

ait with his sword. The man was imume-
diately arrested.

“There was no attempt at ali on the life
of the King.”

King Alfonso has received a number of
messages from the chief political perton-
ages in Spain congratulating him upon, bs
escape. He showed serenity throughout
the incident. The Queen Mother Christina
and the Infanta Maria Teresa, who were
present, were much affected.

It is now learned that the name of the
man who attempted to shoot the Duke of
sotomayor is José Collar. He used an old
double-barreil -d pistol. The first shot went
yver the carriage in which the Marquis
de Mina and another official were ricing.
A policeman etruck him with his sabreand
overpowered him before he could shoot
again.

It is believed that he wanted to shoot the
Duke of Sotomayor because the Duke had
refused to employ him as 2 servant

Collar lived for years in the Argentine
Republic, where he was demented. He
declares that the Argentine Government
robbed him of hundreds of thousands of
dollars.

He has been employed as a servant in
aristocratic houses in Madrid, but was
always dismissed for his crankiness.

RUN THE DARDANELLES.

British Embassy's Order to an Egyptian
Steamship.
Spectal Cable Despatch to Tue Sun.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Jan. t1—The Porte
has not yet replied to Great Britain's pro-
test against Turkey's allowing Russian

 

 

torpedo boats to pass through the Dar- |

danelles. No other Power has pronounced
iteelf on the question.

After vwuiting vainly for two years to
sbtain the same privileges for the Khe-
dival Navigation Company 4» other com-
panies enjoy, namely, that its ships may
pass through the Dardanelies, the Brit'.!,
Embassy has determined to wait no longer
and has instructed the steamer El Kahira,
which sailed yesterday for Alexandria, to
pass through the Dardanelles without
stopping.

This decision bas the effect of ignoring
the Sultan’s suverainty over things Egyp-
tian, which res) c.e'.on per will be removed.

PRINCESS M4i «KAVE GIRON,

Not to Return to Her Husband, but to Go
to Her Old Wome tn Austria.
Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN.

Vienna, van. ti. Great efforts are being
made to induce the Crown Princess of
Saxony to forrake M. Giron, with whom
she eloped, and return to Austria. If she
consents her personal liberty will be guar-
anteed, She is urged to remember that
her expected child ought to be born in cir-
cumstances befitting ite ronk.

It is believed here that ehe has shown
an inclination to accept the proposition
that she return to Austria. At a meeting
of her lawyer and the lawyer of the Crown
Prince, at which she was present, she was
much more amenable to reason than for-
nerly, and it. it expected that ehe will re-
uurn Lo hor childhood home at Salzburg.

The bedroom in which she slept as a
girl is being refurnished in anticipation of
whe i leareed that the Crown Princese went
to church at Geneva to-day for the firet
time since she arrived there.

Her brother, Archduke Leo ld, wae
in Geneva yeeterda Mile. Adamovics,
whom the Aree e 40m to be desirous

, ia very MM.
or iron etl spends most of bis time

in Geneva. He has only rented a room

in Lausanne

————_—_—_—

New Beata tor gta’ 7

ve New York 8:26 P. M. daily v eansy!-

vente R., Congressional Limited (all Pullmans),

connect! in W. ton wi aboard Air Line

Railway 6:0 - M., through Sleeping Cars for

Jacksonville and Tampa. oy, Coach gers
for this cones ei leave New York

2:10 P.
12:55 P. M, Sundays. Office 1183 B'way.

{

t

 

 

 

OUSTS A CAPTAIN ON THE SPOT

GREENE SUSPENDS GORMAN IN
HIS OWN STATION.

 

 

Dashed by a Saloon in His Aute and Saw
Crowds Within—After Investigating,
He Calls at the Union Market Station
—Pelice Made Eighty-eight Arrests.

Police Commissioner Greene made a
second Sunday automobile tour of the city
in yesterday's rain and one of ite results
was the summary euspension of Capt.
Michael Gorman of the Union Market
Btation on a charge of neglect of duty.

Gen. Greene, Inspector Brooks and the
Commissioner’s secretary started from the
General's house about 2:30 yesterday after-
noon in the automobile to take a glimpse
of as much of the East Side as possible.
Before the Commissioner got home to supper
he had covered from twenty-five to thirty
miles of First, Second and Third avenues,
Avenues A and B, besides a good part of
Sixth avenue and the side streets below
Fourteenth street. The police stations in
Mulberry, Fldridge, Delancey, Fifth and
Mercer streets were visited in addition to
the Union Market.

On the way to the Delancey street sta-
tion, as the auto was passing the junction
of Rivington and Clinton streets, the saloon
on the northeast corner attracted the Com-
missioner's attention. He could see through
the unscreened windows on the Clinton
street side tables filied with drinkers. He
pointed it out to Inspector Brooks.

“We'll have to hurry up and see Capt.
Holahan about that,” he said.

“It's in Capt. Gorman’s precinct,” the
Inspector explained.

“Never mind,” said the Commissioner,
“I'll assign Holahan to it. Keep right
on.”

The party inspected the Delancey street
station house, and just as they were ready
to go, Gen. Greene invited the captain to
come along with him and bring a couple
of his men.

Holahan chose Plain-o othes Men Moran
and Minnery, and with these reinforce-
ments the Commissioner's party went back
afoot to the Clinton street saloon. The
windows were clear and the place was still
crowded,

The front and side doors were locked
and the Commissioner led the way into
an adjoining hall and into the saloon.

The Commissioner said last night that
when he stepped into the room the law was
being flagrautly violated

“A screen of mreea gauzy stuff was hung
in front of the bar but the boitles coud be
plainly seen through it. There were men
behind the bar aa there must have been
from twenty-five to thirty persons seated
at the tables drinking. The mere fact
of their presence in the barroom was a
violation of the lawir, itself. I spent about
five minutes in the place and looked at the
‘ioenses. then I left the case in Capt.
Holahan's charge and went around to the
Union Market station, After going over
the house, I told Capt. Gorman of the flagrant
violation I had stumbled upon in his pre-
cinct and as it was so patent @ neglect of
duty I suspended him on the spot, putting
Sergt. Ryan in charge of the precinct.”

It was Capt. Gorman who was transferred
from The Bronx because Park Commissioner
Eustis objected to the Captain's riding his
horse on the grass in Bronx Paik. He
ssid he was glad to get back because he
wouldn't have so many bosees

At the Union Market precinct they say
that Gorman was about ready to turn out
the men when the Comruiissioner's party
came along. It was then nearly 6 o'clock,
and the captain was in citizen's clothes.
The Commissioner ordered him upstairs
to put on bis uniform the first thing.

The piace that got Capt. Gorman into |

trouble is a saloon and lunch room run by
@ woman named Saii Agia. They said last

night in the precinct that there was nothing +

but  offee and lunch being sold there
when the Commissioner broke in, and the
men benind the bar were carving aucks and
chickens, The arrest that Commissioner
Greene ordered was the only ex ise arrest
made in the precinet yesterday

Commissioner Greene seemed well pleased
with nis day's work when seen at his home
last night. He said that the patrolling was
better than last Sunday despite the bad
weather

“But it’s not yet as good as it ought to be,”
be said. “One thing I noted was that
the saloons are keeping their bars exposed.
in the twentv-five or thirty miles of sireets
we covered yesterday | calculated that we
saw about 600 saloons and in every case 1
could see the bar.

“I stopped at half a dozen saloons and
hotels to make sure that the law wasn't
heing violated and inspected the places
Yrom top to bottom. — In the case of a couple
of the Raines Law hotels the proprietors
were cunning 80 clos to the line that I had
azome doubt about their legality. Lleft taem
to the captains to 'ook out for.”

The Commissioner said that he found the
staiion houses he visited reasonably neat
and clean, but that several were in urgent
need of repairs. Secretary (Coursey made
notes of what was necessary in the way of
repairs for each station

Commissioner Greene also says the city
can remain very wet on Sunday without a
single viviation of the law

ln Manhattan and The Bronx yesterday
the police made eighty-eight arresta for
violations of the Liquor Tax law. This
is the largest number ajnce the so-called
“revoit” in several precincts, and it is away
above the Sunday average.

Capt. Schmittberger’s men in the
West Porty-seventh street precinct made
eleven arrests more than in any other pre-
cinct. Capt, Cottrell, who is called “no
man's man,” made ten arrests in the West
Twentieth street precinct.

CAPT, O'REILLY RESTS CONTENT.

Capt. O'Reilly said last night that he was
well estiafied with the condition of the Ten-
derloin yesterday.

“I've n all over the precinct,” said
he, “and everything is in vood shape, The
excise law was enforced to the letter, and
even the saloonkeepers seem happy.”

There were four excise arrests in the Ten-
derloin yesterday.

Capt. O'Reilly is going to attend his first
French ball to-night. Acting Inspector
Walsh will be in charge of police at the ball,
Capt. O'Reily was asked if he would stop
high kicking.

*Not unless they kick the roof of the Gar-
den off,” said he. “Then 11) bave to sip
‘em.”

 

Lanatic in Athens Palace.
Spectal Cable Despatch to Taw SUN.
AtTneNs, Jan. 11.—A lunatic made his

| way into the Palace to-day and demanded

to see the throne room. He was arrested
and placed in an asylum.

——————$
Barnett’s Extract of Vanilla
won eaclusively by al) leading hotels and clube.

‘

 

Change tn Atlanta Sleeper.
Commencing January 12th, Pullman siceping
‘* Will leave New York via Pennsyivania R. R.
Fest 284 St. ferry, 2:10 P. M., week days, i266
. M. Su 6, for Alanta vie Seaboard Air
way © 1163 broadway.— Ade.

 

ee
———
a

 

 

NEW YORK, MONDAY, JANUARY 12. 1908,—ceperios. 1003 by rhe su

      
  

 
 

 

GEN. SAMUEL THOMAS DEAD.
Ft

nal Nines Came Upon Him Suddenly Yea-
terday—In Bad Health fer a Year.

Gen. Samuel Thomas died at 11:50 o'clock
last night at his home, 17West Fifty-seventh
street. He had been ill for over a year.
About 2 o'clock yesterday afternoon he
was seized with an attack of heart discase.

At his bedside when he died were Mrs.
Thomas, his two sons, Edward R. and
Harold E., and his daughter, Mra. R. L.
Beeckman.

Samuel Thomas was born in South Point,
Ohio, Oct. 27, 1840, and was educated at
Marietta, Ohio. At the age of 17 he went to
work for the Keystone Iron Company as
junior clerk,

In 1961 he enlisted with 100 comrades,
most of whom had occupied positions
under his contro! in the iron works, and he
was elected First Lieutenant of the com-
pany. When he quit fighting in 1805 he
was a Brigadier-General by brevet.

After the war he went into business at
Columbus, Ohio, and soon made himself
successful in mining and manufacturing
and as a banker. He was one of the ori-
ginators and constructors of the Nickel
Plate Road and promoted many other
railroad enterprises.

Gen, Thomas became president of the
East Tennessee, Virginia and Ceorgia, the
Knoxville and Ohio, the Memphis and
Charleston, the Cincinnati Southern and
Alabama and Creat Southern roads and
was largely concerned in the organization of
the Southern Railway systern.

Stiil later he was elected a director in
the Northern Pacific Railway, and in con-
nection with this company he built th
Duluth, South Shore and Atlantic Railway
and became its president. He was also
president of the Louisville, New Albany
and Chicago Railway, the American Straw
Board Company, the United States Cast
lron Pipe and Foundry Company and the
Columbus Gas Light and Heating Com-
pany. He was a member of the New York
Stock Exchange, coming to New York in
ISS1 and engaging in banking at that time.
He was one or the contractors who built the
new Croton Aqueduct.

In his younger days Gen, Thomas was
conspicuous in Ohio politics.

BREMERTON ACCUSESCAPT.EATON

The Wickedest Post's Newspaper Says the
Naval OMicer Repudiates His 10 U's.

| Tacoma, Wash,, Jan. 11.—The town of
|
|

 

— SS

 

Bremerton, where the Puget Sound nava!
station is located is up in arms against
Capt. Baton, recently comuuander of the
battleship Oregon. In a report filed at
| Washington, Capt. Eaton said that Bremer-
ton was not conducting its affairs properly
to insure good conduct among the large
number of nen employed at the navy yard
Reports made by him and other officers
said that the town was full of
yvombling houses and resorts of shady
reputation, where Government employees
were lured to spend their money and reek
in vice. In consequence the Navy De-
partment issued an order that no further
| repair work should bs done there until the
| questionable resorts were closed ,
The Bremerton News, in its issue of yes-
' terday, charges Capt. Eaton with borrowing
money from Bremerton citizens, giving
his personal card with an “I O U" thereou
| and afterward repudiating his obligations.
An affidavit made by Thomas Kelly,
| William Stricker, W. H. Owens and Herman
Geister recites that Capt. Eaton, then com-
manding the Oregon, borrowed $20 from
| Kelly, giving an 1 O U for it on his official
eard and promising to return the money
fon the following day. The affidavit says
that he failed to pay the money, and several

saloons,

 

had seen it lent, denied having borrowed
it, aud repudiated the debt.

Another affidavit alleges that Eaton
borrowed $10 and again repudiated the
loan

The Bremerton News says further that
as a matter of fact Baton “was something
of a sport himself, frequenting gambling
(ables and imbibing freely from the flowing
bowl.”

 

 

YALE STUDENT TAKES A WIFE.
Gouverneur Paulding, 2d, Married Miss
Retd on the Ninas Vacation,

A Christmas holiuays’ romance of a Yale
student and « b He of Norfolk, VaS™ was

ia THE SUN of the marriage of Gouverneur
Paulding, 21, to Susan Elizabeth Reid
Mr. Pauidig is a son of Robert Parrott
Paulding and is a student of naval archi-
tecture at Yale. He is 25 years old. His
bride is a daughter of James Taylor Soutter
Reid of Norfolk and is 19. They were
married last Monday in Washingion by
the Rev. F. M Bristol, who is pastor of the
church President McKinley attended. The
bride notified her parents of her marriage
by telegraph and Mr. Paulding telegraphed
nis aunt, Mrs. George A. Freeman of 168
Fast Seventieth street. Mr. Paulding’s
mother died when he was young and he
has lived with Mrs. Freeman, whose hus-
band is an architect.

Mr. Paulding notified his aunt thet he
would bring his bride home with him, He
did on Thursday, and they have been at
Mrs. Freeman's hous® since, They will
make their home in New Haven until the
end of Mr Pauiding's college course, this
spring.

Mr. Paulding’s folks didn't want him to
marry until he got out of college, When
the Christmas holiday vacation came Mr.
Paulding announced that he was going to
Norfolk to spend his holidays with Miss
Reid's family. Mra. Freeman said last
night that Mr. Paulding and Miss Reid
had been engaged for a year, but their
marriago was not expected 80 soon.

Mr. Paulding is 2 member of the Larch-
mont Yacht Club and has made a yachting
trip to Europe. Fora time he was in India.

ED

TEN FINED *OR OF ROTANITY.

Compulsory Vaccination.

VINELAND, N. J., Jan. 11.-The authori-
ties here have inaugurated a crusade against
“curbstone profaniiy,” ten persons having
been arrested and fined by the City Re-
corder for using vulgar and profane lan-
guage on the streets.

While it ia admitted that an epidemic
of profanity is sweeping over Vineland,
it is aaid in extenuation that it is caused
by suffering from compulsory vaccination.

An Intelligent Critic
oan find no fault wiih the rapidity of schedule or the

'
lappointments of the Pennay!

 

  

days later, in the presence of men who ;

revealed yesterday by the announceme.t |

Vineland Calls It an Epidemic, Due to!

 

 

 
 

WALDORF’S JEWEL BUYER

CARRIED TWO REVOLVERS IN HER
HANDBAG.

Ordered $40,000 Worth of Jewelry From
One Firm and 660,000 Worth From
Another, All to Be Sent to the Hotel
C, O. D.—Now tn Insane Pavilion.

A woman dressed in black and apparently
about 32 years old was taken to Bellevue
Hospital in a closed carriage from the
Waldorf-Astoria last evening by Detective
Smith of the hotel and one of the hotel
porters. At Bellevue she was put in the
insane ward. To the hospital authorities
she refused to give her name or supply
any information about herself beyond the
fact that she lived at 1310 Arch street, Phila-
delphia. She had registerod at the hotel
as “Mra. Maignen, Philadelphia.”

She arrived three days ago and carried
only a small handbag. She hired a room
of moderate cost and took her meals in the
hotel. Nothing peculiar was noticed sbout
her, appsrently, until Saturday when she
went to the jewelry store of Black, Starr
& Frost on Fifth avenue and picked out
& quantity of jewelry including several
diamond pieces, The amount of the bill,
the hotel people say, was about $40,000

After she had picked out the goods she
ordered them sent to her at the hotel C. O. D.
and said that she would give a check to
the man who delivered the goods.

Up to this time the jewellers hadn't

 

 

 

uoticed anything strange about the womar: |

except the amount of her purchase. Just
before leaving she opened her hand bag
| and took out her handkerchief 48 she did
so the clerk who had waited on her saw in
| the bag a rather large revelver = tie re-
| ported this to the head of the firm and it
| was decided to make some inquiries about
the woman at the hotel.

The representative of the firm was in-
formed at the hotel that neth'ng was known
there about the woman or her circum-
stances,

In the meantime the woman, after leav-
ing Black, Starr & Frost's, apparently went
to Kirkpatrick's, which is at the corner of
Fifth avenue and Thirty-third street, oppo-
site the hotel, There she ordered ever
more stuff than she had at the former place
When she had got through picking out jew-
elry at Kirkpatrick's her bill amounted, 80
the hotel people say, to about $60,000, She
ordered the goods sent in the same manner
to the hotel and gave the same name,

Kirknatrick’s reprosentativ® arrived to
inquire about the woman prett’ soon after

} the man from Black, Starr & Frost's and
}then the hotel folks began to think that
j something was the matter
About 9o0'clock last night Detective Smith
wentto the woman's room and told her she
would have to go awty with bim. She made
j no resistance and was put into a cab with-
| ou attracting any attention at all. She
took her bag along wit! her and put it
down on the seat beside her
Just as Smitn was about to order the cal
to start the woman made a grab for the
| bag. Detective Smith got it first, opened

it and found iu it two revolvers, both loaded.
Smith then got a porter to go along with
him,’ but the woman made no further
| trouble.

At the hospital the bag was searched.
| There were only a few articles of appare!
and two chamois-skin bags, such os are
used for carrying jewelry. In these was
a quantity of jewelry which seemed to be
either paste or very cheap. Av rding to
j the hospital authorities, the woman alse

| had some papers which seemed to indicat
| that she has a husband whore initia.»
| are K. A. M.

PHILaDeLputa, Jan. 11.~Mre. P. A.

; Maignen is a Paris woman, wife of Prosper
4. Maignen, ‘uventor and manufacturer
‘of a P.tent asbestos filleration system
for municipal water supplies. The couple
| came to this city from France about eight
years ago and have prospered, They
occupy a handseine house in a fashionable
part of Germantown, the house at 1510
Arch street being simply used for the manu-
| facture of filters
————————
| MISSING JEWELS FOUND.
'
}
|

 

A ES EA Se —

n Printing and Publishing Association,

  
 

 

|

|
!
\

|
|

 

 

 

|

|

Were They Stolen by the Parrot, or Hidden |

by Angry Stepfather?

While helping to dismantle the brie-a
brace shop of the late Samuel Fischer «1
226 Washington street, Hoboken, on Sat-
orday night, James Mulligan found a
chamois bag filled with jewels among a4
lot of rubbish on a shelf. The jewels,
which were the property of Fischer's ste; -
| daughter Hannah, were appraised by an
expert yesterday, who valued them
$1.00. Fischer, who was one of Hoboken’-
vealthiest merchants, was killed
driving his trotter, Silvertail, in 1804,

He reported the theft of the jewels to
‘he police shortly after the marriage of

 

| eward of $1,000 for their recovery, The
pelice searched for them for more than

‘
'

at |

While |

|

the stepdaughter to Samuel Healey, the ' y.43, when the charter was to expire
family coachman, in 1%94, and offered a@ | grxt train to Dover Plains, Dutc hess county,
) Was run that day.

a year, but could get no clue to the robbery. | dent of the Pawiing National Bank. He

Healey, who has taken possession of the |

jewels, said last night that he believed

they had been secreted in the shop by a | ho

parrot owned by his v ife

enother theory of the disaprearance of | Pawhng.
Fischer | institutions

the jewels, They believ. that
heeame co incensed at the young woman

tor marrying the coachman that he hid

them himself. They say the chamois | wutrty of Them in Derby, Conn., Demand

vag which contained them was not kept
at the shop, bue at the Fischer home in
Washington street The
; wedding ring was ip the bag. Fischer
disinherited the young voman in his will,
but ahe has continued to run his businees
with her husband since the merchant's
death

MER 1018T BIRTHDAY.

 

 

The Oldest Member ot the Daughters of

the Revolution and # Relative of Bryan.

RicuMonp, Ind., Jan. 11.—Mre. Mary
Forba Cob!), widely known as the oldest
member of the Daughters of the Revolu-
tion and for her relationship to William
Jennings Bryan, to-day celebrated her
ibie. Lirthdar anniversary at her home in
Russiaville, Ind. Mrs. Cobb's father was
a soldier in the Revolution and her grand-
father was a Captain under George War
ington. She heard Henry Clay and Daniel
Webster speak severa! times and recalls
many events of her childlood.

 

Hoars Q.icnest for vinebarst.
Leave New Sou \.& Pennsylvania R. R., Con
eres: Limited, daily, West 284 St. ferry, 3:.5
° ¥ connects with new train at \Washington &:)
’ ‘
Pinehurst 6:15 A
Adar.

via Seaboard Air Line Raliway, arriving
M. Office, 118%% Broadway .—

 

A Daily Necessity.
+ The Pennsylvania Special offers rapid service from
New York to Chicago, every day !n the year.
| Stemographer, ladics’ maid and stock reports

hour train between New )ork and Chicago.— Ads. | —extra appointments — Ade.

etepdaughter's |

Nisa int ' :
The police hav ner school, and the People’s Library at

 

|

‘

 

 

|
{
|

|

|. ontracted a cold in December, from which
i he had apparently recovered, when com-

[em

295

 

Monpar, JANUARY 12, 1908. 9
Fair and much colder to-day and to-morrow;
brisk northwest winds.

&

PRICE TWO

er

CENTS.

 

 

Alfred G. Givea an Infirm Man a Rid
Town With Coaching Party.
Newport, R. I., Jan. 11.—-A nogro laborer,
well-advanced in years and infirm, William
Riley, is telling his’ friends about a ride
that he had on Tuesday last with Mr. and
Mrs. Alfred G. Vanderbilt. Mr. Riley was
out on the island and while hobbling home
late in the afternoon he heard the clatter
of horses behind him and turning saw a Abram 8. Hewitt is dying. At 1 o'clock
coach approaching. It was Mr. Vander- | Yesterday afternoon Dr. Edward L. Keyes,
bilt's. He stopped his horees and asked Jr., one of the attending physicians, said:

“Mr. r
the old man if he would not like to ride to |, ure Hewitt may live foe te aout al
town. Stammering an acceptance, Mr.

I can say.”
Riley clambered up to the top of the coach When

 

HE IS DYING WITHOUT PAIN, AND
CLEAR OF MIND.

 

All His Family About Him—He Insisted
Yesterday on Seeing Some O1d Friends
Among the Many Eminent New
Yorkers Whe Came to His House.

 

Mr Hewitt siept most of the day.

and took a seat beside the fashionable | ~~ as his = was perfectly clear
rty, there ai ° ac ‘ and he was in no pain.

party . be mg on the coach bee des Three bulletins were issued from the sick

Mr. and Mra. Vanderbilt, Miss Neilson and | po0m. one at noon, one at 6 P. M. and one

Mr. Reginald C. Vanderbilt. at 10 o'clock last evening, which last one
On the way to town Mr. Vanderbilt in- | was as follows

juired where his passenger lived and he | Mr. Hewitt continues to grow progressively

vas landed at his door on Bath road. As | “tiker Me sens tnost Ot the tiles -

: suffers no pain EK. L. Keres,

the coach passed through the city the ap- E. 1. Keyes, Ja.

pearance of the old man on the tp at- Tne other bulletine were:

tracted no end of attention

Noon—Mr. Wewitt's
FOR COAL,

 

condition is worse.

 

His strength is failing

6 P M-No change since noon Ceneral
condition throughout the day weaker than
vesterday

As was stated in Tire Sun yesterday
Mr. Hewitt is suffering from obstructive
jaundice. The course of the disease has
| covered a period of two months, but the

Kevore stage was not reached until four
| days ago. Up to that tims, although his
family and plysiciaus advised against it,
Mr. Hewitt was at his office, 17 Burling
| slip, nearly every day.

On Friday, the attending physicians were
of the opinion that only an operation could
save the patient's life, and Dr. Francis
Delafield was called in consultation,

Dr. Delafield agreed with the attending
physicians, but like them, did not believe
that a men of Mr. Hewitt's advanced age
(he is in his Sist year) could survive an
operation, and it was determined to make
the patient as comfortable as possible until
the end. Mr. Hewitt realized on Saturday
that hg could not get well and he told mem-
bers his family that he would be quite
ready when the call should come.

For many years, twenty-five or more,
Mr, Hewitt has been a great sufferer from
sleeplessness, He has seldom during all
that time been able to get more than three
or four hours of sieep in a night, but the
loas of sleep seemed never to interfere

vith the enormous amount of work he
turned off in the course of a day. Yester-
day morning one of the family went into
the sick chamber and wal softly up
to the bed.

“Don't fear to disturb me,” said Mr.
Wewitt looking vp. “I'm awake, This
last illness, however, is giving me a chance
io make up some of the sleep I've lost, and
{ seem to be making the most of the
opportunity.”

Shortly before the 10 o'clock bulletin

as issued four tanks of oxygen were
taken into the house, but not for immediate
use. The physicians were preparing for
; an emergency that might arise at any time,

All of the immediate family are within
call from the bedside. These are Mrs.
Hewitt, who was Peter Cooper's daughter;
Mr. and Mrs. Peter Cooper Hewitt, the
latter being a daughter of Frank Work;
Mr. Fdward R. Hewitt and his wife
was Miss Mary Ashley; Erekine Hewitt an
the daughters, the Misees Sarah C. and
Feanor G. Hew'tt, and Mrs, J. O. Green,
te wife of Dr. Green of 18 Lexington avenue.
She was Miss Arelia Hew‘ft. ides
‘he immediate family, Mr. and Mre. Fdward
Cooper, the former Mrs. Hewitt's brother;
Gen. and Mrs. Lloyd Bryce, the son-in-law
and daughter of Edward Cooper, and
Charles Cooper are at the house.

All day yesterday and well into the even-
ing there was @ long line of sand
automobiles in front of the Hewitt house
at the southeast corner of Twenty-seoo
street and Lexington avenue, y
brought old personal, business and polftical
friends of Mr. Hewitt, as well as the social
acauaintances of the Hewitt and Cooper
families. Most of the callers simply left
cards, but many were received by members

f the family, and a few, whose presence
below stairs was made known to Mr. Hewitt,
were admitted to the eickroom when he
insisted upon seeing them. Among those
who called were

Mavor Low, John E. Parsons, John Cad-

“PRESCRIPTIONS”

games
Some Dealers in Brooklyn Demand Physl- |
clan's Certificate. |

Coal is considered such a luxury in some |
parts of Brooklva that a physicia.'s certi4f-
cate showing there is iflness in the house
of the applicant is required by somo of the
retail deaiers.

Several days ago a physician in the Flat-
bush section was surprised to receive ar
unusually early call from a woman patient
who as soon as she saw the doctor ex-
sade d:

“Doctor, I want a prescription for a ton of
coal. My coal dealer refuses to send m:
any coal unless I prove to him by a physi-
ciao’s signature that there is sickness in our
house.”

The certificate was duly made out and |
‘igned and the woman was successful in
securing her ton of coal.

Hearing of her success others are now
seeking prescriptions for coal.

MRS. NEILSON HAS LOST A DOG.

Pope, a French Poodle, Strays From Its
Fifth Avenue Home.

Mrs. Frederic Neilson, the mother of
Reginald Vanderbilt's fiancé:, drove to the
Senderloin police station last night and
usked that a general alorm be sent out for
a French poodle that had strayed from her |

 

 

home, 100 Fifth avenue, on Savurday.

“It's a child's pet,” said Mrs. Neilson,
“and valuable. I'll pay a reward for the
veturn of the dog.” ‘

Popo is the name of t!e dog and it wears
a collar marked “100 Fifth avenue.” The
log is pure white and its hair is in tufts on
its body. It is the pet of the child of Mrs.
4. T. Kemp, a daughter of Mrs. Neilson
Mre. Kemp lives at her mother's house.

WOMAN SUFFRAGE LOBBY.

Six of the Fair Scx Camping on the Trail
of Nebraska's Legistature.

LiNcoLn, Neb., Jan. 11.--An organized
lobby of half a dozen women, with Miss
laura M. Gregg, secretary of the State
Woman Suffrage Association, in charge,
opened headquarters here to-day. — Its
avowed object is to secure favorable legis-
lation for women at the hands of the Legis- |
|

 

 

 

iature now in session.

A Constitutional amendment giving tle

vailot to women will be asked for if a can-
ass of the Legislature shows that it will
ve successful,

One law that the women propose to push
with vigor is to give the wife on the death
of the busband one-half of the ertite, apart
from the personal property, in fee simple,
the other half going to the children.

The State association is on a firm business
basis, with over fifty local organizations.
Men are received on equei tooting with wo-

men and by this means a powerful sentiment wa kas : aie rd
is being formulated, Miss Gregg believes eth cand, oes Py are ie Banayter,
it is certain to give the women of Nebraska | [yr John McG. Woodbury, John E. Billings.

Prof, J. D. Prince, Hugh 8. Garnee, George
° L. Rives. Mrs. Burke Roche, Mra. Cornelius
A. Je. AKIN VERY ILL AT 99. Vanderbilt, Fronk Work, D. Willia James,

Morris K. Jesup, Wiliam E. and
Was Active Injthe Buliding of the Harlem | Charles Stewert Smith,
Raliroad—Had Lived at Pawling.
Albert J. Akin, who is within six months
of being 100 years old, is seriously ill at
his home, 4 West Fifty-sixth street. He

the ballot within a few years

 

 

(PPLALTO“RU DY TOCOME HOME.

The Rochester Wowan Who Made It
Refuses to Say Who “Bud” Is.

Rocres?ren. Jan. 11.—This advertisement
appearea in a New York paper this morning:

BRUD—Come to me at once or send for me; cannot
lice wethout you. I promise never to be er ; Just
vive me one more chance, Lam plerd ve for my
life. "phone at once Hell, 972 Chase, Rochester,
SY. Your devoted wife, AMELIA.

The woman who had the advertisement
printed is Amelia Lovville, who boards at
201 William street this city. Walter 8.
Beaumer is the woman's uncle, and she has
boarded with him since last Thursday.
Beaumer does 1 +t know who “Bud” is and
Mrs. Louville won't toll. The woman
! i, about 25 years old. She was much exer-
ised because she couldn't find the personal
in the copy of the paper that she bought.
she wired the advertisement vesterday
ind sent $4 to pay for it When Tas Son
reporter suggested that it was probably
too late for the early edition she flew into
a rage

“I wanted it in all the papers that go
“I wanted it to

 

 

plications set in. The attack left him so
weak that his condition is now grave

Mr. Akin, who was born at Quaker Hill,
Pawling, N. Y., on Aug. 14, 1803, was active
in constructing the Harlem Railroad, It
was his financial assistance that euabled
Alien Campbeli, the engineer, to complete
the road by the last day of December,
The

For a number of years Mr. Akin was presi-

vas ame nber of the Electoral College that
laced James A Gartield in the White |
use. He owns Mizven Top at Pawling |
and Wuilt Akin Hall, a non-sectariin sum- |
|

'

He spent about $360,000 on these

 

SCHOOLTEACHERS SAY STRIKE.

} out of town,” she said
go to Chicago.”

As nearly as can be learned Mrs, Louville
and “Bud” separated in San Francisco
and she came East. She got a letter from
him offering to make up and telling her to
neert the advertisement, which she did.
“Bud” is, according to one story. told by
her, an actor she mvt ‘in New York city.

SHE DOESN'T WANT A HUSBAND.

Some One Played a Joke on Mrs. Houglten
—800 Applications In.
WILKES-BARRE, Pa., Jan. 11.~-More than
five hundred proposals of marriage are at
the disposal of Mrs. William Houghton of
Southington, Ohio, and she is so tired of
them that she is begging the postal enthori-
ties to stop the letters, Two weeks ago a
letter wee received by Postmaster Hahn
of this city signed with Mrs. Houghton's
name proposing marriage to any good
man who wanted a widow and a big farm.
The letter was published and applications
poured in. Postmaster Hahn has now
received a letter from Mrs. Houghton
saying she did not write the letter and
that 590 applications have been received.
She is tired of getting them, she says. She
has no farm, but a large family, which she's
working hard to maintain, and she doesn't
wont to be bothered with them. She asks
Postmaster Hahn to call them off.

a 10 Per Cent. Increase at Once.

Dersy, Conn., Jan. 11.—Thirty teachers
in the grammar grades of the p iblic schools
in this city notified the Boi ri of Education a
few days ago that if their pay was not in-
creased 10 per cent. at once they would
leave their schools and go out on a strike.
On Saturday night, the Board of Educa-
tion, after a long special session, voted to
ask for $2,000 from the Board of Apportion-
ment to meet the increase in teaci: re’
salaries. This board is opposed to the
increase. The teachers tc- \ight said that
if the Board_of Apportionment act unfav-
orably on thér petition there will be a gen-
eral strike of all the Derby schoolteachers.

PICKLES ON DECK.

Bayoane Fire HNoree Rure ta Eneine Hone

 

 

 

 

and Gets lato Harness.

Pickles is the name of a knowing horse
owned by the Independence Engine Com-
pany in Bayonne. Yesterday while ther nimal
was etabled three blocks from the fire house
on Avenue D, near Sixth street, an alarin
of fire was sounded. Pickk-# heard the big
fire bell'ring and dashed from the he big |
to the engine house and did not stop until
he stood under the swineing harness,
|

“Black and White" Is All Right.

It's the smoothest ever drank.-—Adr. ¥,

Fellow the Crowds
and you will find yourself traveling on the New

York Central Lines—one trip secures the passenger Cuts the phlegm—curea the cough< .
for life.—Adr. Jayne's Expecturant—ead

’