VOL, LXXIL—NO, 351.

ODELL SAYS HUGHES WILL RUN

AND WILL BE REPUBLICAN CAN-
DIDATE FOR GOVERNOR.

arrel Between the Factions Sach That

Control of the Legislature and Net

Success of the State Ticket Will Be the

prize—Predicted Higgins Will Withdraw

The story so often printed since January
that Charles E. Hughes is to be the Republi-
can candidate for Governor was handed
out again at the Fifth Avenue Hotel yeater-
day, this time accompanied by the announce-
ment that the Plett-Odell-Quigg wing of
the party in the city and country districts
fad some sort of assurance from Mr.
Hughes that if he is nominated he will
make the race, and not, as he did when the
New York Republican city convention
nominated him for Mayor last fall, decline
the nomination. It was also stated that
President Roosevelt has been aware of
the fact that Mr. Hughes would accept
the nomination and has been friendly to
the idea. Mr. Hughes is now in Europe.
It has been frequently said that Gov. Hig-
gins and the Governor's friends were more
or less annoyed because President Roose-
velt selected Mr. Hughes to make the in-
vestigation of the coal carrying railroade,
their annoyance springing from the opinion
that Mr. Hughes was being thrust altogether
too much into the limelight.

To be specific, Mr. Odell told his friends
at the Fifth Avenue Hotel yesterday that
within the last week he had received the
assurance of Mr. Hughes that if there was
any demand for his nomination forGovernor

he would accept.

The Higgins people, George W. Aldridge,
N. V. Y. Franchot, Francis Hendricks and
Secretary of State John F, O'Brien returned
to their homes yesterday, deeply chagrined
over the result of the State committee meet-
ing. William Barnes, Jr., went back to
Nantucket bubbling with political philos-
ophy. It developed yesterday that so sure
was Mr. Aldridge, the practical manager
of the Higgins forces, the day before that
he had Mr. Odell down and out, that he
called on Mr. Odell early Wednesday morn-
ing, candidly told Mr. Odell that the jig
was up for him and that he ought to resign
at the meeting of the State committee, so
that the Higgins people could elect Mr.
Barnes chairman of the committee in Mr.
Odell's place. Mr. Odell flatly declined to
do so. The more one heard of the Higgins
fiasco at the State committee meeting the
more critical became the comments on the
way Mr, Aldridge and Timothy L. Wood-
ruf had botched the whole job. Many,
even Gov. Higgins’s friends, said yesterday
that even if he decided to attempt to force
his renomination at the Saratoga conven-
tion on September 25, and was eu *
he would be very dieastrously defeated’ at

 

 

qu

the ‘or Lieut: Gev.- Bruce,
it was that there is bow little 4 -
bility that he will be made tentporary r-

man of the conventiom and that hé will not
be renominated unless he cuts loose from
the Higgins camp. ;

The situation, it: was added, is a good
deal like 1898, when in April of that year
Mr. Woodruff, then Lieutenant-Governor,
assured Gov. Black that he would not accept
a renomination for’ Lieutenant-Governor
if Gov. Black were not renominatei, Yet
when Senator Platt, then leader of the
party, and his friends decreed that Gov.
Black shoul not be fenominated, Mr.
Woodruff became suddenly oblivious of
his generous statement, and as a result
was renominated for Lieutenant-Governor,
while Gov. Black was turned down for
Theodore Roosevelt.

It was positively asserted that there
can now be no harmony, nothing like a
compromise, between the Platt-Odell-Quigg
wing of the party and the Higgins-Aldridge-
Woodruff faction; that the factional disputes
between the leaders of the two camps and
their lieutenants have become so bitter
that there is not the slightest disposition
toward a compromise, not even if the Re-
publicans lose their State ticket.

As a matter of fact the quarrel between
the factions, it was stated, represents more
@ combat for the control of the Republican
State machine and the control of the Legis-
lature than the desire to elect a Republican
State ticket. This statement was heard a
good deal yesterday, and it came from men
who have said for a number of months that
the Republicans couldn’t elect a Governor
this fall anyway, but that everything should
be done to keep control of the Legislature
80 that the succesgors to Mr. Platt and Mr.
Depew in the United States Senate should
be named by the dominant faction, and
also that the Legislature should be con-
trolled also for the same old business pur-
poses, As the fight progresees, it was pre-
dicted, it will be demonstrated that the
Republican candidate for Governor, be his
name Hughes or Higgins or Brackett or
Bruce, will be merely a peg on which to
hang the list of narhee of men really wanted
at Albany.

The successful faction will control the
Republican State organization for two
years, inasmuch as it is customary to elest
the chairman for two years, and control
of the State organization will carry with
it the seloction of the seventy-six delezates
to the Republican national convention of
1908. No matter if the Republicans lose
their State ticket this fall, say the partisans,
the chaps who win in the factional fight
will be in clover if they can control the
Legislature and will be mas of the
National delegates from the State two years
hence,

Gov. Higgins, it hag been repeatedly
asserted in the Higgins camp, admits his
grievous mistake in not. following up the
Parsons and the Wadsworth victories by
burning out Odell as State chairman. Some
of Gov. Higgins's friends though, all of
‘hem interested officeholders, told him
that he should not appear to be a boas, and
that be should not make the Executive
quamnber at Albany a political shambles.

hey were willing that Gov. Higgins should
be & boss and should make the Executive
Chamber at Albany a political shambles
by turning down Odell's candidate for
President of the New -York Republican
County committee, Bouquet Billy Halpin,
&nd Odell’s candidate for Speaker of tho
favembly, Edwin A. Merritt, dr., of St,
4Wrence, but when it came to turning out
Odell as State chiirman they predicted all
sorts of disasters, schism in the party an:I
Similar politisal rubbish. .

“We will never understand, perhaps,”
on a Republican yesterday, “just why Hig-

ns could use all the force of bis adminina-

  

nS

a SSSSSSSsSsSSSg8)= 06s
-_.———————_
a
ge

|

tration as Governor to defeat Halpin and
Merritt and then leave Odell, the political
master of Halpin and Merritt, in his place
as State chairman. It is one of the mys-
teries of Gov. Higgins’s administration.
They eay that the Governor isa timid man.
He wasn't timid when he forced the election
of young Jim Wadeworth for Speaker
and Herbert Parsons for president of the
New York county committee. He had
President Roosevelt behind him for Wads-
worth and Parsons, and he had President
Roosevelt behind him to turn out Odell
last winter as State chairman.”

“Odell,” continued the speaker, “didn’t
stand up very strong for Halpin when he
saw that Roosevelt and Higgins were to
force the election of Parsons. He ad-
vised Halpin to get out, and Halpin, having
been appointed to office by Odell, was com-

Ppelled to obey. Merritt did most of his:

own fighting. He's a sturdy sort of a
chap, and did a lot of talking, But when
Odell felt that his time had come to lay
his head on the block, he made all sorts of
threats in the newspapers, declaring that
he would tell political secrete, and while
he had no secrets which could injure Presi-
dent Roosevelt, maybe he had one or two
sécrete Which Gov. Higgins and the Gov-
ernor’s friends would not care to see printed.
Anyway, my explanation of the mystery
as to why the Governor and the Governor's
friends, after smashing Odell's candidates
for President of the New York county
committee and Speaker of the Assembly,
then lay down on Odell himself, is those
threats of Odell that he would tell tales out
of echool. I venture the prediction to-night
that as a result of the bitter enmity of
Odell to Gov. Higgins personally the Gov-
ernor and the Governor's friends at Albany
will at the proper time announce that in
the interest of all concerned and for the
benefit of the Republican party of the State
the Governor's renomination will not be
considered advisable.”

SENATOR DEPEW HELD UP.

Accused of Motoring Too Fast —Ransoms
Chauffeur—Was Chewing Gum,
Mount VERNON, N. Y., Aug. 16.—An
automobile containing United States
Senator Chauncey M. Depew was held up
this afternoon in Hartedale by a constable,
who arrested the chauffeur for exceeding
the speed limit. Senator Depew was ao-
companied by Mrs. Depew and another
woman. They had been over to the
large country place of Oliver Harriman
and according to Constable Townsend,
who made the arrest, they were travelling
thirty miles an hour, The constable, when
he saw the car approaching, stepped into
the highway and waved a red flag. When
the chauffeur brought the car to a stop the
deputy told him he was under arrest.
Senator Depew sat in the rear seat wear-
ing a long duster. He produced the $25
required for the appearance of the chauffeur
and the party proceeded to White Plains.
Senator Depew said he did not believe
the machine had been going s0 fast, but he
admitted that the constable had the best of

the argument because he had held a stop

‘watch on him. The Senator was in good
humor,,; He was chowing-gum-and-as the
car drove away.be waved his hand to the
crowd which collected at the roadside
and smiled plegsantly.

The chauffeur will be arraigned before
Judge Clover in Ardsley on Friday night.
His name is Black. Senator Depew spends
almost all of his time motoring over the
highways of Westchester, which is his
balive county.

 

a
‘WILL KEEP DIVORCE SECRETS.

 

Census Bureau Will Make No Revelations
of Personal Matters.

WasHinoTon, Aug. 16.—William S. Ros-
siter, acting Director of the Census, said
to-day that there was no reason for di-
vorced persons to fear that the collection
of divorce statistics now being gathered
in various cities by the bureau would reveal
any family skeletons or any information
to the public that would involve any person
unpleasantly.

“The collection of divorce statistics,”
he said, “is merely aroutine matter with
us, and the public will never be any the
wiser as to individual cases when we have
finished. We would not think of giving
out any information in that way. In fact,
our records will not even contain the names
of the divorced persons when they are
completed. It is block statistics that the
bureau is after and nothing else.

“It will take about a year to complete
the collection of the divorce statistics. The
work is merely preliminary, and later every
county in the Union will be visited and the
court records gone over. At present there
are thirty clerks from the office in Chicago,
twenty in New York, ten in Philadelphia
and’ twelve in Boston.”

 

TEXAS DEMOCRATIC TICKET.
Convention Amends Platform and Demands
That Trusts Be “Destroyed.”

Dauuas, Tex., Aug. 6.—The State Demo-
cratic convention to-night completed the
ticket.

The platform was amended by the addi-
tion of a plank declaring against trusts
and demanding that they be absolutely
“destroyed” sc far as operation in Texas
is concerned.

The tickst is as follows: Governor,
T. M. Campbell of Palestine; Lieutenant-
Governor, A. B. Davidson of Cuero; Railroad
Commissioner, L. J.Story of Lockhart;
Land Commiasioner, J. J. Terrill of Decatur;
Attorney-General, R. V. Davidson of Gai-
veston; Chief Justice of the Supreme
Court, R. R. Gaines of Paris; Comptroller,
J. W. Stephens of Mexia; Treasurer, Samuel
Sparks of Belton; Superintendent of Public
Instruction, A. B. Cousins of Hunteville;
Agsociate Justice of the Court of Criminal
Appeals, John N. Henderson of Georgetown.

ROCKEFELLER SURELY IMMUNE.

 

Has Been Out of Standard Oi] Company's
Management Ten Years.

Cricaao, Aug. 16.—John D. Rockefeller
can hardly be implicated in the rebate in-
vestigation now before a special Federal
Grand Jury.

The jury was completed to-day and heard
the testimony of four witnesses.

It was stated by Government detectives
who have been working on the case for
months that John D. Rockefeller ceased
his active connection with the Standard Oil
management more then ten years ago.

The present Grand Jury is investigating
tranaactions since March 3%, 1905.

Harry Neyer, a clerk for the Lake Snore
at Cleveland; C. A. Slosson, freight agent at
the Eighteenth street station,» Chicago;
M. C. Tuley, auditor of traffic accounts, and
George L. Auspeck, superintendent of
echvdules. were before the jury to-day.

Ne
ee
a

PP 0 atratie

j
L Wioet pied

Warmer to-day

ee

Yarpay, Avaver 17, 1008,

and to-morrow, with local

thunderstorms; light southeast to
south winds,

 

 

RUSHED T0 RESCUE OF A GIRL

YOUNG MEN RECKLESS OF LIFE
AT SEA GATE.

 

 

J.C. Burns, Assistant Secretary of the Stock
Exchange, Gets to Her Firet, but Is
Forced Finally to Give Over the Work
to a Grandson of Gen. Fitz-Jehn Porter,

The Sea Gate colony on the west end of
Coney Island discussed yesterday a rescue
of a woman from drowning which was made
there on Wednesday night in which several
of the little community covered themselves
with honor.

The principals in the affair were J. C.
Burns, assistant secretary of the New York
Stock Exchange, who almost lost his life
and who was in a critical condition for ten
hours after the rescue; Fitz-John Porter, 17
years old, only child of Holbrook Fitz-
John Porter, an industrial engineer at 1
Madison avenue and a grandson of Gen.
Fitz-John Porter; Matthew P. Breen, the
sixteen-year-old son of Magistrate Breen,
and a Japanese chef known as Inowa,
who is employed by one of the oottagers
near the scene,

The woman rescued was Julie Puil-
lier, 22 years old, a French maid in
the household of 8. E, Vernon, a book
manufacturer at 67 Duane street, whose
cottage is on the ocean side of the colony
and near which it all happened.

About 5:30 o'clock Wednesday evening;
when the flood tide was still running strong
and there was a ewift ourrent
swishing along the beach, Miss Puillier,
with several other servants, went in
bathing. She speaks no English and
did not understand a life guard when
he warned her to be careful. Naturally
of a venturesome disposition and able to
swim a little, she got beyond her depth.
At first she tried to get in alone, but she
drifted out and when her predicament was
discovered she was about feet from
chore in fifteen or twenty feet of water.

On the beach were J. C. Burns and his
brother, W. J. Burns, and two women, with
perhaps a score of other women and children
scattered along the sands,

“W.J,, L believe that woman's drowning!”
suddenly exclaimed J, C. Burns. He
jumped up and stripping to his under-
clothing he plunged into the water. At
almost the same time, but a hundred yards
up the beach, the Japanese chef, who had
been watching Miss Puillier, went to the
rescue,

It was a race hetween the two men, the
Japanese having the handicap of the diago-
nal distance and adverse current, and Mr.
Burns reached the woman first by possibly
a minute.

She had already gone.down once and was
just going under the surface a second
time when Burns dived and seized her by
the hair. She had lost control of herself
and she grappled with him, and down they
went together. When they came up the
Jap was alongside and by some clever
work of the jiu-jitsu order, modified to
suit the marine environment, he got the
woman away from Mr. Burns long enough
to give the latter a breath or two and then,
one man on either side of her, they started
toward the beach.

On the veranda of Magistrate Breen’s
cottage in Neptune avenue, about 600 feet
distant, were young Fitz-John Porter, his
chum, Matty Breen, both holders of several
silver cups and other trophies fot swim-
ming, and Miss Grace Breen, 16 years old,
also a fine swimmer.

Porter was lame, having had a plaster
cast removed from his left leg only three
days before, after treatment for a ruptured
ligament, received ia some athletic games,
and had only just discarded his crutches.

“Fitz-John,” oried Miss Breen, “some-
body's drowning on the beach! Quick,
Matty! Let us sce what we candol” They
hurried across the deep sands. Arrived
at the beach Porter was almost exhausted
by his effort and Breen was also pretty
well winded. By this time Burns and the
Jap were about eighty feet from shore
and were tiring fast. Then the woman
lost her nerve again and began to struggle.
The Jap was seized with a cramp and was
compelled to let go and try to save him-
self, and did manage to get ashore, but
with great difficulty.

Left alone with the woman Mr. Burns
was fast becoming exhausted, and it was
plain that neither he nor the woman would
ever get to shore without help.

Porter, not stopping even to take off his
shoes, jumped into the surf, and though
his lame leg was paining him he went
out with powerful strokes. When he
got to her, the woman let go of Mr.
Burns and grabbed him. Burns headed
for the shore and was helped out. He fell
unconscious on the beach.

The frantic woman, with both arms about
Porter's neck, made him almost helpless,
and both went to the bottom in twelve
feet of water.

“I felt my feet touch,” said Porter, “and
I did some quick thinking. I swim under
water a good deal and I knew I could get
her out all right if I could only get that
awful grip off my throat. But her arms
were like steel. I kicked so hard that we
both went to the surface again and I got
one good breath of air, Then down we
went again.

“I made up my mind that if I was ever
to get to land again or the woman either I
Rad to swim under water, and that's what I
did. Under part of the time, out part of
the time and choking almost to death, I
headed as best I could for the beach, It
lasted only a few minutes, but it seemed
like hours to me.”

Young Breen had also put out,and when
Porter, with the woman still choking him,
came up Breen caught the young man by
the hand.

Porter seized the proffered hand, but held
it only for an instant.

“I was perfectly clearheaded,” he said
later, “and I did not see any use in taking
Matty down, too, if we were to be drowned.”

When Porter felt his feet touch bottom,
with all the strength he had left he managed
to drag the woman in near enough to the
shore to enable several women who rushed
into water up to their waiste to catch hold
of the two.

Once out it took all the strength of several
of the spectators to release Porter from
the woman's grasp, her arms being atill
clasped around his neck in a vicelike grip.
Porter fell completely exhausted and was
unable to move for some time.

veral of the women were trying to
revive Mr. Burns, who was at first believed
to be dead, and finally Dr. Wilson of the
Atlantic Yacht Club arrived. He re-
stored him and had him removed to his
room. in the Felt cottages, where he was
under the physician's care for fifteen hours,
He was barely able to get out of bed
terday afternoon. * ek vr

   

a
| of ke

  

LYNCHED BEFORE GOVERNOR.

 

Negro Bhot te Death While South Carolina
Executive Pleads With Mob.

Greznwoop, 8. C., Aug. 16.—Despite the
presence of Gov. Heyward, who pleaded
with them to let the law take ite course,
a crowd of more than a thousand men
shot to death at 5 o'clock thie afternoon
Bob Davis, a negro. ‘

Davis was caught at 8 o'clock ten miles
from the scene of hiscrime. He was hurried
to the Brooks home and identified by Mise
Jennie Brooks, whom he had assaulted and
attempted to kill. Meanwhile Gov. Hey-
ward, not knowing that the negro had
been captured, was hurrying to the spot.

He was delayed by a wreck, but reached
the house, driving a mule to a buggy
got at New Market, a flag station, a fow
minutes ahead of the negro.

He mounted a hastily improvised plat-
form in the front yard of the Brooke home
and in hearing of the wounded girl and the
entire family, with the crowd surging
around him, pleaded for the law.

He pledged his word as Governor that the
negro would be tried in two weeks, as the
South Carolina laws require that time for
drawing a jury, and that the verdict would
stand, but although respectfully heard the
crowd began moving with Davis before he
had finished.

The crowd carried Davis down the road
and literally shot him to pieces.

He was swung up by his arms before be-
ing shot.

The crowd admired the Governor for com-
ing and told him so, but were determined
to see Davis die.

The father of the girl pleaded to have
him burned, but this was prevented.

 

M'CLELLAN ON M.O. RULE ABROAD.

Mayor Declares That It Is a Fallure in
German Citles,

Cxuicaago, Aug. 16.—A despatch to the
Daily Newe from Berlin says: .

“Mayor MoClellan of New York, who has
been in Berlin for the last five days incog-
nito, to-day expressed the opinion that
much of Europe’s vaunted municipal su-
periority is a delusion and a snare. In an
interview to-day he said:

“‘T have kept my eyes wide open for
evidence of successful municir al operation,
particularly in Germany, which is constantly
held up as an example, but I have failed to
find it. I have discovered conditions in
cities like Frankfort and Dresden, which
own their street railroads, whigh no Ameri-
can community of second rate importance,
to say nothing of New York or Chicago,
would tolerate. Not only is the traffic of
these places insignificant, judged by Ameri-
can standards, but it is handled inade juately
and inefficiently.

“*The conditions in Great Britain, with
the possible exoéption of Glasgow, where
our cousin, Mayor Dunne of Chicago, has
been taking: #esons, are worse thi
on the Continent. The Brit Ganweye
act of 1878 gives municipalities options upon
franchises. before the franchises exist and
the result has been perpetuation of old
fogyism and the stunting of private enter-
prise. My European observations convince
me more than ever that municipal opera-
tion is thé last desperate means which
ought to be resorted to only when private
enterprise has absolutely failed.’

“When questioned about Mr. Bryan he
said: ‘I ama sincere admirer of Mr. Bryan,
but I prefer to wait and see who controls
the New York State Democratic conven-
tion before eaying whether he is the ‘logical
candidate.’

“Mr. McClellan thinks it will be impossible
for Hearst to capture the regular Demo-
cratio nomination for the Governorship of
New York.”

DON'T WANT NEGRO TROOPS.

Texas’s Congreés Delegation Protests

Against Sending Colored R are There.

WasHiInaton, Aug. 16.—Sonator Bailey,
Representative Garner and several other
members of the Texas delegation in Con-
gress have joined in a protest which was
received at the War Department yesterday
against the presence of negro troops in
Texas. The protest was sent by wire and
was prompted by the recent trouble in
Brownsville, where the colored soldiers filled
up with liquor and went on a rampage,
killing one citizen and wounding the chief
of police.

The telegram from the Texans points
out that the presence of the negro troops is
@ menace, and that trouble similar to that
whioh disturbed Brownsville is likely to
happen at any time owing to the prejudice
against them. Three companies of the
Twenty-fifth Infantry, which is colored,
have been for some time at Fort Bliss, Tex.,
and the remaining companies of the regi-
ment have been recently ordered to different
places in that State from Fort Niobrara,
Neb., and Fort Washakie, Wyo. All of
them have arrived there except one com-
pany. It was the members of one of the
companies of this regiment which caused
the riot at Brownsville.

The War Department replied to the pro-
test by saying that nothing could be dons
in the matter at present,asthe Brownsville
incident is being thoroughly investigated.
Thus far, however, the instigators of the
riot have not been detected,

WILL LET ST. LEO’S BE SOLD.

Archdiocese Trustees Will Unite the Cone
gregation With St, Stephen's Church.

It was learned on good authority yester-
day that the Board of Trustees of the Arch-
diocese of New York propose to allow St.
Leo's Catholic Churoh in Twenty-eighth
street to be sold under the foreciosure
judgment obtained recently. . Father Ducey,
ite pastor, has already been informed and
has with many regrets consented.

It is understood that Archbishop Farley
has offered Father Duoey several important
posts, but his friends eay he will probably
retire from active parish work and devote
his time to writing and looking after the
publio mortuary chapel he established
recently in connection with 8t. Leo's.

. ‘The’ congregation of St. Leo's will be
absorbed by St. Stephen's, of which Aux-
illarv Bishop Cusack is pastor. ‘Bt. Stephen's
is a few blooks east of St. Leo's on the same
one eer aiee bei
D cen! 6a
od has made yA Ave ie hope
egrng the church intact, but the clear
ing of mortgage * a heavy

 

 

 

 

By Marcent Wireless. ‘
oni Bap pt MO Tost wa ot

a

POLICE OF ONE RUSSIAN TOWN
ALL SHOT DOWN.

 

Even in the Capital Streets Disorder Is
Practically Unchecked— Bands Stopped
Piaying National Anthem in Fear
of Arousing Hostiic Demonstrations.

Special Cable Despatches to Tum Sun.

Sr. Perenspuna, Aug. 16.—The murderous
daring of the terrorists reached its climax
to-day at Plotsk, fifty miles from Warsaw,
where at a preconcerted signal every
policoman on the streets was killed or
wounded. ;

Reports from all over the country show
the absolute helplessness of the police to
cope with the revolutionists. Even the
rowdies in the capital are having their own
way, the police eeldom daring to interfere
with them. Reports of various outrages
that have been committed with impunity
fill columns of the newspapers daily.

In Courland the nobles have issued an
urgent appeal to all the landowners to
organize armed bodies in self-defence.

In the south Tiflis is apparently at the
meroy of armed robbers. Tatar bandits
are scouring*the country around Shusha,
Evlakh and Agdam. A mail coach was
held up and ransacked only five miles from
Agdam. The passengers were made pris-
oners. Their fate is unknown.

‘The situation in the central provinces is
no better. It is feared that the autumn
recruiting will increase the disorders. Al-
together nearly half a million recruits will
be called to the colors.

Owing to their fear of demonstrations
the St. Petersburg authorities have pro-
hibited military bands from playing the
national anthem in the summer gardens,
restaurants and similar places where the
public gathers. The Cossacks who are not
participating in the mancuvres are now
proceeding to Krasnoe-Selo as they are all
required there for police work.

A member of the late Duma was arrested
to-day at Kishineff. The police of Moscow
to-day entered the home of Prince Dol-
gorukoff, Vice-President of the late Duma,
who was entertaining a few friends. They
were only withdrawn on the Prince in-
dignantly protesting by telephone to the
Prefect of Police.

Lonpon, Aug. 16.—A despatch from
Warsaw saya that the rioting continued
there all night. Up to this morning the
casualties are 31 police and soldiers killed
and 18 wounded; 15 passersby killed, 70
severely wounded and 95 slightly. Addi-
tional details of the beginning of tho
massacre yesterday are coming to light.

It being the Catholic feast day of
the Assumption, thousands had taken
advantage of the beautiful weather and
the complete calm to spend a day in the
country.

Nobody suspected that the Revolutionists
were preparing for a massaore, for nothing
could have been more peaceful than Warsaw
at 10.0’olook in the morning, 80 far as could
be judged: by surface indications. Then

“of armed terrorists suddenly ap-

Upon the streets and attacked simul-

taneously the policemen on their posts and
the patrols in different parts of the city.

Thé first fatality was in the suburb of
Wola, where a policeman was shot and
killed. An hour later a policeman and two
soldiers and a marshal were shot in Kowska
street.

About 1 o’clock in the afternoon news
began arriving from all parte of the city
of murders of policemen, gendarmes and
soldiers. Strong detachments of infantry,
dragoons and Cossacks were then ordered
out and dispersed the crowds, using their
swords, rifles and bayonets. The people
fled in terror to their homes and by evening
the streeta were deserted.

At 9 o'clock the shops, coffee houses and
restaurants were closed by the soldiers.
All night the vans of the ambulance society
were moving about the streets conveying
the wounded to tha hospitals. The patrols
were engaged all night in searching for
people in the street and many arrests were
made,

It is said that the massacre was planned
and carried out by the Revolutionaries to re-
venge themselves on the authorities because
of the arrest several days agy of 100 So-
cialistio workmen who were employed in the
iron works in the labor suburb of Praga.

Most of the victims were shot with

revolvers, although one bomb was used,
Most of the murderers, several of whom
were Jews, succeeded in making their es-
cape.
A gang of ten armed men entered one
of the Government vodka shops and killed
the manager. A soldier and the manager’s
wife were wounded. The patro] came up
at onoe and opened fire. The gang was
overpowered and arrested after a desper-
ate battle.

A retaliatory massacre is feared in War-
saw as a result of the part played by the
Jews in the outrages.

Five policemen were killed and two
wounded in the terrorist uprising at Plock
last night. Their assailants escaped.

ANARCHIST RAID AT ODESSA,

Kill Inspector and Three Policemen and
Steal Valuable Freight.
Special Cable Despatch to TuE Sun.

Onrsss, Aug. 14.—A party of fifteen
anarchists raided the railway station this
morning, carrying off much valuable freight.
They killed a sub-inspector and three police-
men, All of the raiders eacaped except
two, who were disabled in the fight with the
police.

Governor-General Karangavoff is ill from
nervous shock, due to the recent attempt
on his life by the daughter of Gen. Printz.
Gen. Kaulbars, Governor of Udessa, daily
receives threats of assassination. He has
ordered all the military authorities not to
recelve private persons and not to leave
their residences, deciaring that this is the
only way to eacape being murdered.

 

MORE ICE WITNESSES TOBE HEARD

Grand Jury Wants a Substantial Case Be-
fore Indicting.

The Grand Jury ie atill up in the air on
oer ~~ rarearenits will be continued
week, m more witnesses, wh:
pet, Geen examined to date, will NS ae,

0! ‘ , ‘

District Attorney Jerome and Jud
Rosalsky had a couple of talks youterdisy
on the ice question. There isn't much dif-
ference of opinion between the Judge and
the District y, both of whom think
od the law Se tewn wa time fete of too cod that
there ebould be ine a :

ouster in the day J Rosalsky had a
mr @ member of the

Prt day tas ta ge ty
sai amis nse

+NEW YORK, FRIDAY, AUGUST 17, 1906 .—Copurioht, 1006, by The Sun Printing and Publishing Association.
TERRORIST MURDERS G0 ON. | “°xovor?=

‘PRICE TWO CENTS.

 
    

IN EATON'S PLACE.

 

Made Secretary of the International Pelicy-
holders’ Committee.

Nicholas Longworth, son-in-law of Pres!-
dent Roosevelt, was elected yesterday
secretary of the international policy-
holders’ committee, the place from which
Seymour’ Eaton abruptly resigned last
week, The election took place at a meeting
of the executive committee in Mr. Unter-
myer's office which was attended by ex-
Judge Alton B. Parker, Gov. Roberts of
Connecticut, Col. A. M. Shook of Tennessee,
J. C, Hemphill of South Carolina and H. N.
Higinbotham of Chicago. Mr. Longworth
was also present.

It was arranged that Mr. Longworth
would not give his entire time to the work
but that a clerk should be hired to look
after the routine duties, Mr. Longworth;

-however, agreed to perform the ordinary

ih less eee ese ae

ae

duties of a secretary and in addition to give
a good share of his time to the work of
trying to oust the present administrations
of the New York Life and the Mutual Life
companies. He will be at his desk in the
committee’s office frequently, but will not
neglect Kis coming political campaign in
Cincinnati for reelection to Congress,

 

THE REV. ©. S. BAIN INSANE.

 

Church Burning Parson With Dual Identity
Sent to Matteawan.
Warer1oo, N. Y.; Aug. 16--The lunacy
commission in the case of the Rev. C. Stuart
Bain, the Baptist pastor who burned his
own church to the ground last spring,
reported to-day to County Judge Richardson
that the clergyman is insane and that he
was insane at the time of the crime. This
afternoon he was brought into court and
committed to the Matteawan State Hospital.
Bain confeased to the commission that he
fired the church so as to win sympathy,
his popularity having been on the wane.
The commission also received evidence
of three other dwelling houses which he
had fired within a period of two years.

 

MOODY SEES THE PRESIDENT.

 

Said to Have Gone to Sagamore Hill to
Discuss Judgeships.

Oyster Bay, N. Y., Aug. 16.—Attorney-
General Moody came to Sagamore Hill
this afternoon for a conference with Presi-
dent Roosevelt. Mr. Moody would not
talk of the object of his visit, but it was
said for him that he had come to discuss
some judgeships and that no reference
would be made to the Standard Oil case.
Mr. Moody is to spend the night at the
President’s house.

 

RIGO IN POLICE COURT.

 

Charges Hotel Empigyee With Stealing 4
Link, the Gift of the Princess de Chimay.

Rigo, the Hungarian violinist who eloped
with the Princess de Chimay, was in the
Wert Side police court yesterday, com-
plaining against Frederick Fredericks, an
employee of the Hotel Carlton, Fifty-fourth
street and Broadway, where Rigo lives,
The violinist charged him with stealing
a sleeve link from his room on Wednesday
afternoon. He said it was a present from
the Princess and worth $500. It has two
three carat rubies surrounded with fourteen
small diamonds.

Rigo says it was in his shirt hanging over
the back of a chair when Fredericks went
into the room to repair a window. He
missed it after Fredericks went out, he said.

While Rigo was explaining about the
sleeve link he happened to raise his right
coat sleeve a few inches and disclosed the
head of the Princess tattooed on his arm,
The violinist didn't get out of the court
enclosure until nearly every one had seen
it. Fredericks was held in $500 bail for
examination this morning. He denied
seeing the sleeve link.

 

AURT IN AUTO ACCIDENT:

 

Machine Turns Turtie—William Moody and
John G. Barrett the Victims.

Hammonton, N. J., Aug. 16.—An automo-
bile accident happened between Hammon-
ton and Elwood this afternoon, in which
William Moody and John G. Barrett, both
of New York city, were injured. An opera-
tion was performed upon the former at the
Hotel Royal this evening and a trained
nurse from Philadelphia has been sent
here.

While running thirty miles an hour a
cotter pin in the steering attachment
dropped out. The automobile dashed from
the roadway into the woods and turned
turtle, and Moody was caught under
the car. The auto had so much momentum
that after turning over it struck some small
trees and righted again. This is what
saved Moody's life. At a late hour to-
night the physicians think Moody has a
chance for recovery. He is injured inter-
vally. :

——

NAVAL OFFICER CRIBBED.

 

 

Assistant Surgeon Pease Found Gullty of
Cheating in an Examination.

Wasuinaton, Aug. 16.—Assistant Surgeon
Pease of the navy, who was tried by court-
martial lest week on the charge of cribbing
while undergoing an examination for pro-
motion, has been found guilty and sentenced
to dismissal from the service. The court
found him guilty of conduct unbecoming
an officer and a gentleman in that during
the examination he communicated with a
fellow officer and obtained assistance from
him in answering questions.

The report of the court is now in the hands
of the President, and it is expected that
the finding will be approved. Dr. Pease has
asked to be allowed to resign for the good
of the service, and it is understood that
Secretary Bonaparte is willing that he
should be allowed to do so.

Assistant Surgeon Brown, who was also
tried upon a similar charge and who it is
alleged communicated with Pease during
the examination and furnished him with
information, has been found guilty im part
and sentenced to a loss of fifteen numbers.

 

Etruria and New York Neck and Neck.

The Cunarder Etruria and the American
liner New York were both 150 miles south-
east of Sable Island at 8:15 P.M. yesterday
coming this way. The wireless message from
the New York appears to have been received
@ littie the first.

 

Return Sunday,

 

B, R. T. ROW GOES T0 ALBANY,

COLER AND SHEEHAN CONFER
WITH MAYER TO-DAY.
‘

 

 

All Questions Temporarily Settied Except
Whether or Not Coler Has Brains—He
AdVises 10 Cents and Patience New
~An Outburst From Higginbotham.

The statement made by Justice Gaynor
to Tam Sun reporter on Wednesday after-
noon that his opinion on the double fare to
Coney Island had been misinterpreted
caused the dust to settle yesterday along
the B. R. T. lines. Even Borough Presl-
dent Bird 8. Coler, Liberator, Uplifter of
the Pee-pul and now known as Five Cent
Coler, did little in the afternoon but shift
a double portion of chewing gum from the
right molars to the left.

Toward evening Mr. Coler took a running
jump toward the new band wagon and de-
clared that his advice to the pee-pul is to
pay the 10 oent fare until the difference
of opinion is settled by the higher courts.
This morning the Borough President; his
lawyer, Stephen C. Baldwin, and William FP.
Sheehan of counsel for the B. R. T. will go
to Albany to talk over with Attorney-Gen-
eral Mayer a plan to settle the legal status
of the double fare.

Edwin W. Winter, president of the B. R. T.3
wrote to Borough President Coler yester-
dey to say that his company was willing
to go before the Attorney-General with the
case and have the difficulty threshed out.
Mr, Winter says in this letter that he has
been advised, however, that Coler's sugges-
tion to have the Attorney-General bring
Mandamus pro ceedings is not a proper
one, but that rather than quibble over a
matter of so much concern to the publio
the B. R. T. will not be overpartioular as
to how the matter is got at, so long as the
company’s legal rights are preserved.

Stephen Baldwin, counsel for the Borough
President, sent an answer straightway to
Mr. Winter saying that Mr. Coler and he
were ready to start immediately to see
Attorney-General Mayer with Mr. Winter
and the company’s counsel. As a result
of this correspondence the trip to Albany
was then arranged. Mr. Coler got in com-
munication with the Attorney-General,
who said he would be ready to talk the
matter over at Albany to-day.

Yesterday afternoon Acting Mayor Mo-
Gowan issued a ‘statement to the public
asking it to be patient until the question
of a 10 cent fare is settled in the courts.
Also Mr. McGowan discussed the possi-
bility of Mr. Coler having or not having
brains. Mr. Coler freely admitted that he
didn't have any brains, because, he said,
he had “too much backbone” to leave any
room in his system for gray matter. \

This is the statement issued by Mr. Mo-
Gowan:

To the People of the City of New York:

I am assured that the usual car service to
Coney Island will be resumed on Saturday
morning, August 18, with a full complement
of cars.

Pending a settlement in the courts of the
legal differences in regard to the fare, I ask
the patrons of the railroad to be patient and
to refrain from disturbance, believing that
their rights will be conserved.

The receipt for fares in dispute, to which
every passenger who pays doublé fare is
entitled, will fully protect passengers against
pecuniary loss in the event that the courts
decide in their favor. A copy of this teceipt
is appended, Respectfully,

P, F. McGowan, Acting Mayor.

Mr. McGowan expressed his pleasure over
the acceptance of the rebate slip idea.
The proclamation idea had been broached

to him, he said, by General Manager Calder- .

wood and he immediately got to work on it.

“So Mr. Coler thinks I was presuming
for the Brooklyn Rapid Transit Company
instead of for the people?” repeated Mr.
MoGowan with a grin as he was handing
out his proclamation. “Well, all I hope for
is that the people will be saved a lot of vio-
lence and, incidentally, that the company's
property will be saved from injury. The
railroad is having its cars damaged and
although the company cannot suffer per-
gonal injury the people who ride in the cars
are liable to be abused phyrically and that
is what we want to avoid. We can settle
the legal side of the question in the courts;
but in the meantime the violence that is
going on must be stopped and this rebate
stip is the best way I know of to stop it.

“I suppose Mr. Coler is sorry he couldn't
think of a way of stopping it. But it takes
brains to think of a solution of a problem
and there Mr. Coler is short. You cannot
blame a man for not having brains,” con-
cluded the Acting Mayor gently.

The trouble makers hastened to Brooke
fyn to tell Mr. Five Cent Coler what Mr.
McGowan thought of him.

“McGowan can’t irritate me—I’m mose
quito proof,” yawned the Liberator, as he
shifted his chewing gum. “McGowan’s
sight is bad. He can't tell a lemon when
it's handed to him. Why, Col. Williams
came to me about these slips long ago.”

Just why the Borough President didn't
act on the slip suggestion when the Brooklyn
Rapid Transit hunted him up to get his
opinion on the idea Mr. Coler didn't explain,

“A mere intimation from the courts is
enoagh for me,” was the Borough Presi-
dent’s explanation of his change of views
last night. Then he went on to say that
the pee-pul should be patient until the
courts had decided finally in the matter.
Heed the law and pay 10 cents was the
burden of his song, as if he had never made
the remark, “Anybody that pays the extra
fare isn’t half a man.”

Mr. Coler and his attorney grasped at one
straw. yesterday. They decried the fact
that Mr, Winter in his letter to Mr. Coler
had said that the rebate slips were to be
given to “protesting” passengers. Every
passenger that paid 10 cents should get
one, insisted the Uplifter.

That the objection to the 10 cent fare was
confined last night only to the hoodlums
who went down to Coney looking for trouble
was evident. The few who gave the crews
trouble at the second fare point were all! of
this class. The fact that in almost every
case the passengers themselves objected
to the trouble makers as nuisances and
chipped in to pay the fares of the few kickers
on the cars was evidence that the Downtrode
den have lost the sympathy of the sensi-
ble travellers.

Before Magistrate Higginbotham in the
Lee avenue police court yegterday morning
appeared John F. Calderwood, vice-presi-
dent and general manager of the B. R. T.;
Genera! Superintendent Dow 8. Smith and

 

After all, Usher's the Sxoten
‘hat made the bighhell ,

.

is

a

Sa