VOL, LXVIL—

—_ eee

BULLER M. AY Bh FIGHTING,

IN LONDON THAT HE HAS
TUGELA,

RUMORS
KRECRUSSED THE

War Office Disclaims Any Knowledge of

such a Movement Diftleulty of Buller's
Task Pointed Out of Boer

Tactios- Over 10,000 Men Ready to Op-

i pose Him at Any Point on the River
That He Bo Re-enforced,

 

Superiority

~Demand

Speeval Cable Despatch to Tae Bus,
Lownpon, Feb, 2.-The War OMece announcer
that nothing has been received from South
Africa for publication, and there is nothing new
4 from other sources. The report that Gen, Buller
} had encouraged his troops to hope that they
would be in Ladysmith ina week is confirmed
Ly several correspondents, and the fact {3 ad-
To it presumably ean
on

versely criticised here,
j be ascribed a report
professed good authority that Gen. Buller had
again crossed the Tugela River at three pointe
and that tighting was progressing. The War
Office disclaims any knowledge of the report.
The Spearman's Camp correspondent of tha
Telegraph, in a despatch dated Jan, 30, records
a strong cavalry reconno/ssance in the neigh
borhood of Honger’s Spruit, which may have
formed tho basis of the report.
The military eritie of the Morning Post, com
menting on the latest despatch from that pas
per’s correspondent at Spearman's Camp, con-

launched

tends that Gen. Buller, who is understood to
have 25,000 men, ought to be reénforeed with
another division. He fails to understand why
the War Office or Gen, Lord Roberts will allow
another attack Proportion than
three British soldiers to one Boer, He says:
“Apparently, however, a third attempt will be
indeed, it seems probable that It is now

with a less

made;
progressing

All reporta from other centres indicate that
the situation is unchanged. The Daily News's
Cape Town correspondent, in a despatch dated
Jan, 21), represents Gen, Kelly-Kenny’s force
at Thebus to be 1,000 men, besides a consider-
able forea at Schoombie, twenty miles to the
westward,

The correspondent of the Morning Post at
Spearman's Camp, in a despatch dated Jan, 20,
gends an interesting survey of the situation
there. that for miles
the heights beyond the Tugela River are
fortified. Boer pickets hold the hilltops and
algpal the movements of the British to the main
army which {s on the behind, and
which moves more quickly than the British
ean to whatever point is threatened. Thare-
fore, whenever the British attack they are con-
fronted by the bulk of the Boer forea and
every turning movement becomes a frontal at-
tack,

The correspondent says he earned while ho
was in Pretoria that the Boer strengthin Natal
was 18,000, of which 7,000 comprised the regu-
lar covering army, 7,000 were at Ladysmith,
and 4,000 co’perated with elther force, accords
ing to circumstances,

Thus Gen, Buller, in order to relieve Lady-
smith, must force by frontal attack a tremen-
dous position held by from 10,000 to 12,000 of
the best riflemen in the world, supported by su-
perior artillery and entrenched with great skill,
Their gune are splendid and are cleverly
handled, often finding the range of moving
targets at 7,000 yards at the first shot, though
how thisis done the British gunners cannot

explain.

According to European principles the attack
out to outnumber the defence three-fold; theres
fore, Gen. Buller ought to have 36,000 men.
as The correspondent deals lengthily with
the weaknesses of the Lritish military system,
which, like the European system, reduces the
initiative of individuals, with the result that
the trained eoldicr is outmatched by the inde-
pendent Boer skirmisher,

The British mounted troops, the correspond-
ent says, could, if they had freedom, compete
with the enemy on equal terms, especially the

He says many

 

plains

 

\ colonial troops, who are as cunning as
‘ the Boers and who are more (daring, As
| an instance of this he cites the fighting on

pion Kop, where, he declares, 800 Boers would
} have been able to exist despite the shell fire by
availing themselves of the shelter of the rocks,
yet it was necessary to crowd 3,000 British on
the hill and later 5,000 on the sumnit, where
there was no cover for large numbers

So many battalions were drawn into the fight
that a general attack elsewhere was prevented,
As the infantry arrived they were thrown into
the firing ling. By eventng most of them
were completely disorganized and mixed
; up, Though they were In nowise demoralized

the machinery of the control was shattered,
y butthe next morning the British battalions
were perfectly collected and solid. Here the ad-
vantages of discipline was seen. Had tho
Boers suffered a similar loss a general trek
would have followed, but the morale of the
British regulars enables them to sustain re-
verses, In this lies the expectation of ultimate
BUC 'eSS,

The Boers express little jubilation over their
successes, admitting to doctors and clergymen
that the end is inevitable if Great Britain does
not grow weary of the fighting, They hops
that she will grow weary, but nevertheless
they wil! fight to the end,

The correspondent further says that tho
consequences of the war may not be altogether
evil. There is already increased respect be-
tween the combatants. The contempt, which

wis the former wedge of cleavage, has gone
forever.
BOERS’ FULL FORCK IN SERVICE,

Refugees at Modder River Describe Condi-
tions in the Two Republics,

Special Cable Lespated to Tur Sus

Frou Tne 8un'sCorrespondent with Gen, Methnen’s
e rees,

Mopper River, Jan, 31, 3:20 P. M.—Two

refugees, Messrs, Norton and Coulter, with

their families, entered the camp here to-day,
The party had fourteen horses and twenty
mules, all in good condition. Messrs. Norton
and Coulter, in deseribing the conditions in
the Transvaal and Free State, said that the
Republi had put thelr last ounce of
strength in the fleld

The party wae not stopped by the Boers
Though they had @ pass from Barkly West,
which permitted them to go to Kopja Dam,
which is the Magersfontein head laager, they
did vot report there because it was certain that
their ho ind mules would be seized on
account of their good condition

Norton anid ¢ left thelr farms at Boks-
burg, near Johannesburg, on Sept. 12, because
they saw that war was certain. They went to
a farm owned by Mr. Norton at Dingley Dell,
near Taungs, on the border of Griqualand
West and Beehuanaland, Por four months
they lived on the game they shot on the velit,

Derby Desk Company, 145 F wlton Street,
_ Interiors office partitions, counters and railing#,—

‘an forees

  

raes

vulte

 

 

 

 

Che

ee

 

NEW

They expected that the war would be over be-
fore that time, and their sporting ammunition
having given out they reported themselves at
Barkly West.

The Orange Free Stato had already pro-
claimed Bechuanaland and Griqualand Free
State territory and had commandeered every
man regardless of t.6s nationality, A proclamn-
tion, dated Jan. 20, demanded personal service
from every man, ora war contribution, Those
not complying with either of these demands
wore notified that they would have to get out
ofthe country and leave their goods behind,
Many storekeepers with $2,500 or $3,000 worth
of stock were paying assessments of from $250
to $500 rather than abandon their property.
According to the story told by the refugees
there is no doubt that further assessments will
be levied on these storekeeapera until their
goods are exhausted. When this stage is
reached they will be expelled if they refuse to
fight

Norton’and Coulter state positively that every
available man on the western frontiers of the
two republics and in Bechuanaland and Gri-
qualand has§been commandeered and sent to
the Boer positions between here and Kimber-
ley.

CHAMBERLAIN’S REPLY,

Answers Questions Concerning Charges 0
Connection With the Jameson Raid,
Special Cable Despatch to Tuk Sun,

Lonpon, Feb, 1.—Colonial Seeretary Cham-
berlain, replying to a question by Mr, Evans,
Liberal member for Glamorganshire, said in
the House of Commons to-day that ne had
seen the documents published in the /nde-
penlence Belye purportiug to connect him with
the Jameson raid. His own personal know!l-
edge extended only to two or three documents
which were substantially correct, They had
been stolen by a clerk who had been dismissed
in 18097.

Mr. MacNeil

MR,

|, Irish Nationalist member for
Donegal South, asked Mr, Balfour, the Gov-
ernment leader, if the letters were forgeries,
He also asked what steps the Government in-
tended to take when a member of the Cabinet
was charged with personal dishonor and pub-
lie falsehood

Mr. Balfour replied that such accusations
were treated with contempt.

Replying to the question by Mr, Henntker-
Heaton, the originator of many scheines of
postal reform, the Right Hou. Robert William
Hanbury, Financial Seeretary to the Treasury,
stated thatthe Government hoped soon to re-
celve a favorable reply from the United States
to proposals recently made for establishing a
parcels post system between England and the
United States.

BRIDGE OVER THE

Methuen’s Force at Work on
for Heavy Traffic,
Special Cable Despatch (o Tue Sun
From Tie Scr'sCorrespondent with Gen, Methuen's
forces.

NEW MODDER,

a Strocture

Mopper Rrvrr, Jan. 11:15 A. M—The
engineers have commenced the construction
of a strong permanent bridge aerosa the Mod-
der River above {ts confluence with the Riet
River, This will render the peninsular eanip
independent of the ford, which is frequently
rendered impassable by the rains that fall in
the Orange Free State,

The apan of the new bridge runs fifteen feet
above the water, Itwill carry the heaviest
traffic. Two foot bridges have already been
constructed,

Wolls that are being >) er the river benk
have reached delightfully cool water, The
water from both the Modder and Riet rivers {s
healthy.

Regimental manmuvres are frequent in the
early morning north of the confluence of the
rivers,

WOUNDED REACH DURBAN,

From Spion Kop Cared For on the
Maine and Other Hospital Ships,

30,

Men

Spretal Cable Despatch to Tar Sus

Durpay, Jan, 2.—The men who were
wounded {n the battle on Spion Kop are arriv-
{ng here. There are ample accommodations for
them ontheMaine and four other hospital ships,
Sir Willlam MacCormae, President of the Royal
College of Surgeons, who volunteered his ser
vices in South Africa, has inspected the hospi-
tal ships and expressed himself as very much
pleased with them,

Mr, Adelbert 8. Hay, the newly appointed
American Consul at Pretoria, arrived here yes-
terday. Ho immediately went on board the
steamer Induna and sailed for Delagoa Bay

Mr. Hay took with him a number of letters
for British prisovers in Pretoria, and £183 that
was subsertbed for their benelit, many of them
being reported to be in dire straits,

 

CAPE TOWN LOOKS TO KITCHENER,

That He will
Situation There,

 

Expectation Improve the
fpecial Cable Despatch to THE Sun.

Lonpovy, Feb, 1.—-The Cape Town corresponds

ent of the Pall Mall Gazette, writing in the sec.

YORK, FRIDAY,

 

 

ond week of January, states that Cape Colony |

{sa seething mass of discontent. If a
commando were to touch any district in the
Colony that distriet would join the Boers
Luckily, the correspondent says, the com-
mandos from the Free State do not eome down,
Cape Town, he says, is the centre where all
Boer spies collect information, Everything
that is done at Cape Town
toria,

There is a firm belief that Lord Kitehener
will alter all this, says the correspondent, be-
cause “he knows his own mind and does not
seem to care for popularity,”

MAFEKING’S CHEERFUL

 

MESSAGE,

Sent on Jan. 17, Six Days Before the Re-
ported Relief of the Town,

Special Cable Despatch to Tar Sen.

 

Lonpoy, Feb, 1.—A despatch from Mafeking,
dated Jan, 17, states that Col, Baden-Powell
sent this message to Col, Plumer, the com-
mander of the relieving force:

“All well, We forced the enemy to remove
their big guna yesterday. They still hold two
strong works which we hope tocompel them
to shift by the use of dynamite.”

 

A deapateh from Lorenzo Marques reported
that Mafeking was relleved on Jan, 23,

KIMBERLEY UNDER HEAVY FIRE,

Over 1,000 Shells Thrown Into the Town in
Three Days,
Special Cable Despatch to Tuk Bun,
Carré Tows, Jan \ message

from Kimberley states that the bombardment
forthe last three days has been hotter than
ever,
the town during that time.

AT PRIFSKA,

 

)

BRITISH TROOPS

 

Another Town in Northern Cape Colony
Reported Occupied,
Speeial Cable Despatch to Tur Sus
Carr Town, Jan, 20.—It ts reported that the
3ritish have oecupied Prieska, Cape Colony,
Prieska isin northern Cape Colony, due west
of Orange River station

 

MORK BRITISH

War Office Adds to the Report of the Casn-
alties at Spion Kop,

216 MISSING,

Special Calle Drapath to Tak BUN,
Lonpoy, Feb. 1.—The War Offive prints a list
of 21) missing in the fiht at Snion Kopin
Jan, 24, Thisis tn addition to the sixty-four
already reported,

Derby Desk Company, 145 Fulton Street,
Bank fixtures of wood, marble or bronze, -

a Ad»

Boer |

received |

Over 1,000 shells have been thrown into |

 

|

is known at Pre- |
| coming lout of the Lord's Court Bajiding

 

| ad

| false bonds and was held in $5,000 bail forex. |

In their eult against the Importers and
Traters’ IB ank Edward H. Perkine, Jr. Presi-
dent; Edward Townsend, cashier, and Sehroe-
ter, Lacenburg, Thalmann & ¢ ilege that on

| discovering that thea bonds w forgeries the
bank began to press Sehroeter for payment
or further security, “and finally the bank and
its officers delivered to Schroeter a portion of
the bonds in their possession and enabled him |
to go out upon the Street and pase them upon
the plaintiffs, of whom he secured a loan upon
the security of these worthless bonds, using a
part of the money so received with whieh both |
to reduce his indebtedness and to provide J

9

m4

FEBRUARY

Gol SAS, “UN FORG LRIES,

SCHKOETER HAD THE LONG MISSING
BAD VIRGINIA BONDS,

 

Woman Ihnplicated—On Schroeter’s Arrost
Ladenburg, Thaln n& Co., Who Are Out
$58,000, sue the Importers and Traders

 

Bank, Alleging Conspiracy to Defraud,

The arrest yesterday of Julius Schroeter, a
gas mantle manufacturer’ of Newark, on @
charge of uttering forged bonds has not only
thrown some lighton the whereabouts of the
famous missing blank Virginia Consols of L882,
engraved by the Kendall Bank Note Company,
but has been followed by a suit by Ladenburg,
Thalmann & Co, against the Importers’ and
Traders’ National Bank and its officia!s, joined
as defendants with Schroeter, for conspiracy
to defraud. Schroeter says the bonds belong
toa woman and it has been ascertained that a
great deal of the money borrowed on them
wenttou woman, Search is being made for
her, Filward H. Perkins, Jr, President of the
Importers and Traders’ Bank, refused to dis
cuss the yesterday, Cashier Edward
Townsend would say only:

“The charges in the complaint of Ladenburg,
Thalmann & Co, are absurd and ridiculous,

case

and we will be able to prove at a moment's
notice that they are untrue, If Ladenburg,
Thalmann & Co. really believe what they

charge, they muat have received that imprese
sion from Sehroeter hir f. They certainly
are laboring under a misapprehension.’

  

These % per cent, consolidated debt bonds
of TR82—451 of them, each for $1,000—were
never filed out by the proper Virginia ofMlcials

rejectedafterthey had been
ted; and they were sold at
ther unclaimed packages

because they were
engraved and prin
auction with a lot of «

by the express company which had tried to dae
liverthem, efforta were made to find them
again because of the danger that some une

  

d of them,
ils to them

would get bol
Virginia ofMflei

scrupulous person
,

forge the names of

 

 

         

 

 
 
   

 

 

aad Lorrow money on them,

Just what was feared happene!l, antl
Schroeter is one man who has been borrowing
money on the “bonds.” Ina!) he has borrowed |

bout $84,000, from the Laporters’ and Trad-
ers’ National Bank, the Seaboard National |
Bank and Ladenburg, Thalmann & Co. The |
loan of the Importers’ and Traders’ National |
Bank (which is Russell Sage’s b ‘chroeter |
“opaid, and part of the loan fr @ Seaboard
National, Ladenbur Phalmant ( sused
his ar t here is n thing to sh: ya te}
prisoner forged the bonds himself, but the poe
lice propose to find out all about it

It was not until RSS, a ye after the Vire
ginia State offteials had re) ed the blank
bondsand ordered anew set engraved and
printed by the New \ rh Bank Note Company,
that it occurred to somebody that it was a tad
thing to have the old one 8 kicking around the

 

 

 
 

 
  

  

world. ‘The Virginia ot tals hire l dete tiv, “4
to trace the blank bonds! ss lh get ng cameofit

In September last Schroeter aought and ob-
talned an tntroduction to an m verof the Im-
porters’ and ‘Traders’ National Dank Ha
wanted a loan of $30,000 and « iff redas security
fifty of the blank honda fraudulently filled in
and signed. He got the loan, October of
the same year he applied tothe bank for an ad-
ditional loan of $20,000, offering forty more of
the bonds, He was 1 that the bank would
eonsider the loan and the matter was put off
fora week, In the meantime the k, as
Ladenburg, Thalmann & Co, say, nt f
the tirst batch of tlfty bonds t reint got
word back that. the names o siah Ryland,
State Auditor, H. Ho Dyson, sistant Auditor,
and D. kh. Reveiey, Treasurer, on the bonds,

were all forgeries.
The bank sent for Schroeter and threatened

    

 

him with prosecution unless the first toan of |
€ oe 00 Wass nd atonce, Sehroeter eared
to very much agitated over the atte and
po ared that he hat offered the b sin good
faith. The bank offlei fave him the benetit
of the doubt, aud @ little tine was allowac
in which to settle

On Nov. 17 Schroeter

Thalmann & Co.'s office at 4:5 Wall street, aad

 

 

{him
went to Ladenburg,
|

    
   
    

 

 

   

    

        

    

 

according tothe sworn coipiaint, wa
duced to the ff! m by a broker nam
Loeb He, Opened negotiations at
3 1), Offering fty-six

curity matter was take
consideration ¢ xt day two et
$5,000 each were given to him, Sely
ingsixteenofthe Virginia bonds ¢
Schroeter, it isalleged, sent or
tothe Importers’ and Tra now
reducing his indebtedne ; Ifa
squared this later by giving tue ther
collateral and got be the fifty Virginia bonds
that he had depos As security,

Forty of these be s he then took to Laden-
burg, Thalmann & Co. and offered them as
curity fora further loan from that firm of $28,- |
OOO, The offer was accepted, making t wee |
ter’a debt to the firm $48.01 whieh wos
secured by a lot of Worthless paper only

On topof this Schroeter went to the Seaboard
National Bank and secure 0,000 on more of
the bogus bonds, Considerable pressure was
brought to bear on the man by the Ss aboard

|
’

 

Bar 1K officials, who li

sarped | ome ay if

 

 

 

    
    

 

  

Worthleasness of the security they t ad taken,
and it is suid that Sehroeter paid the n back a | |
large part of the money, About LW ek ago
Ladenburg, Thalmann & Co vered that | §
the bonds were forgeries and Schroeter,
who protested his innocence and declared that |
there was some mistake, It w shi to
him that there was no mistake, wheres
upon he declared that he had been im-
posed upon and that he would. straighten
the matter out as soon as possible, Ladenburg,
Thalmann & Co,, put th matterin the hana
of Lawyer W. A. Underw of Underwood,
Van Vort, Rosen and H ryto) 27 William street,
and for several de ays Mr. Underwood negotiated |

  

 

  

for a settlement with Senroeter’s lawver, a
man named Dodd. Sehroeter was prolifle tn
promises, but fe ltocome to time with any
money, Mr. Underwood learned of the man’s
dealings with the Importers and Traders’
National Bank, and coneiuded from that that
Rohroeter had deliberately secured loans froin
Ladenburg, Thalmaon & Co,, on the Virginia
bonds knowing that they were worthless, He
called on Capt. MeClusky of the Detective
Jureau, who sent Detectives Mulve ind
MeNaught out to arrest Schroeter, Thotan |
was arrested yesterday afternoon as he waa |

on
William street and was taken at once to Polics
Headquarters

Schroeter protested his innoeenca most
vehemently to Capt. MeClusky. He said that
in securing loans and the bonds he had acted
for a Mrs, Emeline ‘Turner, a widow who tor-
merly lived at Mount Vernon, but is now a resi-
dent of London, He showed Capr. MeClasky
an alleged power of attorney given to him by

Mre. Turner. Capt, Met lusky sald § afterward
that he didn't belleve the power fate rey
Was genuine, Mrs. Turner, he says, did live
{u London after leaving Mount Vernon, but he
has information that she has sines returned to
this eountry, and efforts will be made to

find her.

Mr. Underwood said that his clients have ate

tached all of Sehroeter’s property in Newark
and at Forest Hill, No, where his home ia, that
they could put thelr bands on, but that they

have jearned that a great ad al of the mons y
secured from them by Schrovter was sent to @
woman who is employed in @ massage estab-
Hshment in this city. The name of this woman
Mr. Underwood would not. give, but he sald an
effort was being made to find her

Schroeter was arraigned in the Centro street
oliee court at do'clock yester afte rhoon
le pleaded not guilty to the charge of uttering

 

 
 

amination this morning. He was locked up in
the Tombs. Paul Liechtenstein of Ladenburg, |

    

Thalmann & Co,, appeared in. court as com.
plainant against Schroeter, In all, Sehr: r
has handle I41 ofthe 431 bonds made bythe

Kendall Company. Whether he has got the
rest or not is not known.

 

 

 

further security to the Importers’ and Traders’

National Bank,”

Ladenburg, Thalmann & Co, say that ou
learuing the facts they Jemanded to bo repaid
hy the Importers’ and Traders’ National ar ik
the amount they hel loaned Schroeter, and
upon that inst! tuti mm refining they offere ‘ to
submit the who ’ htroversy to thi arbitra.
tion of the Clearing House Committee ‘of
which Mr. Fdward Hl, Perkins, Jr, the
President of the bank, was the chalrman), or to
a committee from the Stock Exchauge, or from
the Chamber of Cotmamerce, uceording aa tho
bank might choose; which offer was. refused,
with the result that the present suit has been
begun. {

 

 

 

Derby Desk Company, 145 Fulton Stree’, |

Orginal designa submitted fer special work —

 

‘

1

   

} and S4 years old,

<

ARMY REAORMS PROMISED,

War Office Secretary's Answer to Criticism
in Parliament,
Special Cable Deepatcheato Tut Bus,

Lonpon, Feb. 1,—During the debate tn the
House of Commons to-day on the opposition
amendment to the address in reply to the
Queen's speech Sir Charlies Dilke, advancod
Radical, author of “The British Army,”
“Problems of Greater Britain,” “Imperial Dv.
fence” and other works pertaining to the em.
pire, declared that the campaign in South
Africa had been conducted in @ worse manner
than the Crimean campaign, and that it had
been disastrous to the bellef of the world in
Great Britain's ability. to conduct a war,
British military reputation, he said, had never
stood lower, It was only redeemed by the in-
dividual svonrage of the troops. It was cortain
that in possible future wars with great powers
time would not be allowed for muddling at tho
beginning of hostilittes, and 1f such muddling

was golng to be regarded as a matter of course No answer was sent

defeat would be inevitable,

Sir Charies strongly defended Gen, Butler,
who, he declared, had been removed from the
post of military commander in Cape Colony fot
political reasons, and virtually charged with
treason by a momber of the Cabinet. Hechal-
lenged the Governmert to deny that the Intel-
ligence Department had done its work admir-
ably. Never was the Government so well
informed of an enemy's resources, but every
precaution had been neglected, and the Cabi-
net's Committve of Defence had failed through
the slackness of its members.

Mr. George Wyndham, Parliamentary Becre-
tary of the War Office, defended that depart.
ment. Inthe course of his speech he gave the
details of the present British military strength
in South Africa, which he placed at 452 guns,
including 3b and 38 naval guns, and
142,800 unmounted and 87,000 mounted men,

He deprecated the opposition’s amendment
to the address in reply to the Queen's speech,

siege

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
    

   
        
     

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

100.— COPYRIGHT, 1900, BY THE |

   

ph itgy
. APTN Nee Meir «

Falr and continued cold to-day; cloudy

ald Warmer to-morrow,

 

 

 

SUN _ PRINTING AND PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION. PRICE. TWO CENTS.
hl lP i

GRABKFOR A BANK'S MONLY DISPLAY,

Thief Smashes the

Ww fudow

VLOk 10" Mk : PRESIDENT,
Aa

2 L STILL ALIVE,

#100 Gold Certificate, but Is Cua.
A LON ; }
@ TELEGRAM IN WHICH HE A man broke the window of the bar -
ASKS FOR FEDERAL RECOGNITION, firm of Polowe, Mogilewsky & Werner iN

|

Grand street with a paving stone wrapped ina
In

He Does Not Request That Federal Troops | vewspaper last night, the win ne were 9 Offi ’ l R
Be Sent to Kentucky, but His Telegram | 22.200 in United States gold certiffeates and ome 1C1a18 ) gni i
$10,000 in foreign money The man ie hod — _

Is Belleved to Be Preparatory to a Call
on the Military Aid,

Wasttinaton, Feb, 1.—President McKinley
received a long telegram this evening from
Gov, Taylor of Kentucky, in whieh Gov.
Taylor tsked, inferentially at least, that he
be recognized by the Federal Government
as the Chief executive of the State, but
did not request that Federal troops be sent to
kentucky to preserve order and support the
dv facto administration, There was not even
a@ suggestion in the message that military aid
he furnished by the general Government.
to Gov. Taylor by the
Prosident, and if any action is taken ou the

one of the $100 certificates and ran, crowd
pursued him to the corner of le streat,
where ho was caught and handed over to a
polleeman, Eive pennies only were found in
the man’s pockets at the station, He declared
that he was not the man who hed broken tho
window, but he was locked Up.

IN LUZON,

as Governor,

President for

ALL QUIET IN FRANKFORT,

TRADE RESUMPTION

Gen, Otis Issues an Order Kemoving War
Restrictions,
fpeeral Cable Despatch lo Tue Sun,
MAniLa, Feb, 1.—Gen. Otis issued an impor
tant cireular to-day which removes restric.

But Goebel Leader Thinks Civil
War Will Come.

Kentucky Executive’s appeal, it will not | tons on land trade and provides for the pass-

be before to-morrow afternoon. The ing through military lines of persons present-

Kentucky situation will be conside | [84 bermits or certificates from the command-

ered at tho regular Cabinet meeting | &'8 in outlying towns,

to-momow with Gov, Taylor's telegram asa It {s believed that this efreular will have the

basis, jPresident McKinley, it is understoo ¥ effect of reducing the high prices of commod-

will n@tdetermine the course the Government | itles in the Manila markets and will also pro- Legislature Again Yesterday and Wess
Will bgsue until he has obtained the opinions mote prosperity in the interior, Met at the State House Win

Soldterge
Taylor's
el Hasn't Tried to Get Cone

of his @Mcial advisers,
The Bessage from Goy,

CRAMPS TO BUILD 12 SITIPS, and Guns The Militia Obeying

Taylor contains a Orders

 

 

 

review! the political situation in Kentucky , : ‘ ‘ > : ca

One offfe en who read it, or who had been we Thame Will He Mnde tor on frolet the Troops-Conferences Whiek
made je uainted with {ts contents, told Pattaperruta. Feb, 1.—Ti Accomplished Nothing No bifort by
THE $s > reporter that it appeared to Bullding Com wae | ‘ root a Cramp Ship Anybody to Cateh the Assassins
be a pitoment propared for the personal tl ea ; Ns rie paverrel 8 COGLFAD t for ,

informption of the President and that the Goy. | ('@ Construction of two steamers ig? he Frankvonr, Ky.. Fob, 1.-Stata

Senatoe

rhoin ag

thight after a secrag

ite Legishiture in the Capitol
.,

conditi

Spreckelses of San Franciseo, They ar !

used as merchant ships on the I acifls ‘hay
company also has contracts for building tea
mail steamers that ean, in case war, |
verted into auxiliary cruisers, Three of
are forthe New York

Goebe
yreofth:
{the

iam wh

State ]

ernor ha! very carefully avoided any reference was sw
to milftaryuid. Soon after the message was
received it Vas sent overto the War Dopuart-
mont, Wesumably forthe information of Sec.

retary Boot and not with regard to any possible

 

of con.

these

aht he is reported to

Democrats Trica to Hold a Meeting of the
Wi

Governe

Meet «

Hotel, is still ative

I in bad with the chances

of

ean

 

   

 

   

 

 

 

        

 

   
   

    

 

    

   
     

   

   

 

 

on the ground that nobody outside the House | Gay for Yuited States troone and Cuba Mail Steamship | recovery at least twentyeflve t
! y ; ‘ at ieis wer eilve tO ofe age
would understand that it originated in mere | Faq, 8 public office ol everett Company, two for the Ocean Steamship Com. | him. The physieiar Be +f Me = ost
1a \ f a st to the . physicians hat he hasdeve >
party manwuavres, It would not be understood . \ a4 ain ee A pany, two for the International Navigation eae : Me hea deve oped
; s State Jepartmant by the Governor of Ken- a Pheumonia, and, in add ito that, his kidney,
by foreign critics, by British subjects in Natal, * the extendit! ; | Company, whieh will be companion ships to | refuse to net : oar eve

a fae : tuck fF the exteadition of acriminal from that : y uet, and there is fear of uramie

’ KINsmet nh oat eh or t ( lk e ar ‘ Sand? an, and tWo for the yde 6 .
by Kinsmen in America or by the colonial! state! arrested abroad might sorbe rr pre Bt. Sonia ad BG, Faith ane two for the Cl He In this case he has no chance of gete
legislatures, which had shown whole-hearted ! chi “a Line, All these vessels will be superior in | ting wel bat ae ae

; : nejns by vhich recognition could be ng Wwe Goebel keeps up bis grit, and toe
and single-minded concentration upon tle ims acoohed Gov, Tavlos br tt Nut! many Ways to those that were used as cruisers | 1 wht he told the doctors that | ’ bea
rial aspect of the difeulty ba , “yy ) 1” 6NAtIOnNa 9 . & ‘ . 4 THe GOCT( mat he would gel

PRON ie diPeulty It yas learned to-night thet the appeal: during the war with Spain well any way and he didn’t want them (

1 ' appealof int them to do

Kieferring to the impen ling demand for @ | Goy'Paylor for federal recognition Wus cone ‘i ee oe anything that would give him physical pain
large credit, Me. Wyndham intimated that it strued in offictal dreles to be prevarut clip 1 M4ILS FROM LONDON BELATED, Thero is a lull in the hostilfti ie Tt ” Btat
would nov only be for the purpose of proweut. j ee MERVOTY 608 - ——- : mae 16 Plate

cal’ by the vernor Ther none y . has two Go n fact as weil
{ug the war to the only eonelusion the cauntry y 1 .; wo nor for any mili |] There Is a Large Batch on the ¢ ufle, Now Whilo Gov. Navi fe 7 ih name,
would tolerate, but to placing the British ays } Wwy ald which Circumstances might come. Thirteen Days Out, ule Gov. Taylor has possession of all the
tein of military defence on asous ler bast ee ae Motors Nobody in authority The White Star freight ship Cufle, a a A ” ri of all the State buildings
¢ P Government, oteve uch a augpestion: . Sees : *'’ 7) and pr rty and the Goehelite “~

Sir Edward Grey, formerly Parliamentary | AC - 4 tever, such & suRKe tionand | single serew, whieh usua ly covers the bisonéall 4 t ‘ : ites have nothing
secretary ofthe Foreign OMlee, declared that others akin to it have not, it is said, been eon | space between Liverpool and New York yt nee Ov OVER D piace Co hee whore fhe
Mr. Wyndham’s speech had cone mith to sidered and will ni be until the policy to be in ten days, ia out thirteen days. S$} 7 2 fiers cannot easily get after them, some of

fispol the gloom that had fallen o the | °°! . . in regard to the main question i{n- impressed into service as a mail carrier “. rn + . nan are not subject to pee
country, The opposition’s amendmeat he | volved in tho Govirnor’s telegram has been | by the British Government because there were 1; ote 4 comerae Perens oe caer Sm

. ater sd by rosident: vakt > , : 4viors orders ant ray rec
added, was notaimed to weaken the Covern- | = a oh the Py sGens Red his catinet, no swift British liners leaving a British port Goebel as Goverr - a et Or een
sre hie e ‘ ”~ jders ate . > . a. Venera overno
ment in prosecuting the war, It wascertain | here has eon, eaturally, ¢ nsiderable talk | on the day she sailed from Queenstown, Jan, ee
that the opposition would full y sunport the | Among oflclals, aid particularly auiong those | 21. She carries a large quantity of letters and WOULDN'T OBEY GOV. TAYLOR.
Government in attaining equal rigntstorthe | of the military estiilishment, over the situa. a 7 , , ) 7 ™ al a :
whites in South Africa, and in insuring thatit | tion which woud oe sh t . 8 situas | newspapers, The White Star liner Germanic, The test came to-day when (ov. Taylor ise
would never again be possible for anarsenal |e . oe the Federal | usually seven days From Queenstown, which | Sted a pardon to a man named Dag Hays, whd
to be formed or military material accunulated | Government If & ent or troops were | left that port on Jan. 25, may goer head | isin jail for kill 8 5
in South Africa under any control except that! made by Tavlor,Goebe!, or the Kentuoky | of the Cufle say Get hore ahead >t } bt0F RUHOE the Sheriff of the county in
ofthe British. Legislature. Therecan be no question of tl eee Piss i pon Concubine et ee
‘ ! > cu estion of the ‘risol) Commissioners with instructions to
jesire of the Adminstration to kee ' COTTON PLANTERS RI 7 i a: : 8
SPANISH GRANDER HERS, : He cs a rp rem oe » out of the 4 JOICE, release the man, Tho Prison Commissioners
entuc ONLiCAl muddle, bu as bev = e! j i i
: eae and is realized hat ciroumstane ‘ °°0 | Phe Price in Montgomery, Alm, reht sent it to the Prison Warden with orders to
Le Due ms zante Comes to Stady Our a ge i: “ ae 7 : r ances m - Cents a Pound—Big Crop Next Year. ‘iv itand pay no attention to the pardon, bee
Military Tnstitations, UFiBe, ; Prout Nid arise, Which eause Taylo { hov
ln | would Lilng the President face to fac Mostoomeny, Ala., Feb, 1—Spot eotton is tie _ ane ee At the same
Le Due de In Torre, @ Licntenant-Colonel of vith the question of whetl } ve selling here for eight conts and there is great (2e one ofthe toeal banks announced that tt
Cavalry in the Spanish Army, has just retarned Pe acti a hg Rio aie he should send raiold ne. Fart mortaages of twenty years oe not pay Checks that might be issued fop
»deral trou ove » peac se o . Farm n ges en par . Wi ;
tothis city from Washington, where he went : pd. dalla a no peace, Officers } , ° | the Wabas of the troops until the courts dee
; of the Government who have given » standing area being paid off. Overeproduction | ejded whi
to pay his respects to the Spanish Miuister, | OMe | ext soasds fs theaatened. Up to Feb, 1832 her they were legal or not. Goy,
a ‘ : ais thought to the matter within the past few days | " pec - : D to » £90" | Taylor will we } bout the
and is now stopping at the Waldorf-Astoria, and who doubtless know the views of ¢ OOgIVoOrth of fertilizer tags bave been sold by nothing about these two mate

n 7. hie ,ount ) ’ } ) . ay sold b 2
The Duke is the son of Francisco Serrano, eas) cok oxic hewmsnlten seckay ss the state against $15,000 worth on the samo = oT hab! .

Spain’s most famous statesman and soldier of | bel ante } “* re = day ot lest year. twill probat ¥ riko New York readers as
recent days, having served his country at | Pf aad tk sty iia ts Mekconhe = : hap ari iene ee 7 undiog thing that no effort whatever
various times &s Minister to France, Ambassa- | United Sates soldierato Kentu E Sree ve } . y is been made by anybody to leart

dor to France, Gove arent. Gene) vot Cuba, and, | quested:odo #80 by the rival Executive and AGED JOSEPH LOADER WEDS, that shot Goebel The ' fe th ; . Apiradeedien
When Queen Ii was expelled during the | | wgislative bratwhes of the State, unless | » . - ' . * ma 6 fact, neverthoe
revolution of 1808, as Regent of spain [ee lees aad Ge 8 | The Bride Is Forty Years His Juntor—Magise | [0% Phe polleo of Frankfort have bad nothe

i he Y \ I ia A me ight vt oe Or lers f BOR Hobs Ostered BAS Preston RasNeRP trate Stears Offlelates, ing todo with the ease further than to enter
Calatrava ers ip of whichis limited | prevailed Mn viat - ai aitnis t! ‘vent on their recon) m
to at >In ine not lonen, Who must | ‘The constitution! provision applicable to Magistrat Steors fiiciated yesterday ’ “I i their ris. The State officers
have | of valor ut ) piety ‘ rom arte ior - > he “a morning at the marriage of Joseph Loader | have offered no reward for the detection of the
gener 4 be ing also a clam ye vase has been 10 FORMAT y OM+ | and Miss Lucy E. Silver in his private of pnnneery : ve employed no detective:
grandes, he is permitted to sind cials, who hava re@hed the opinion that al the Grant street e ig He _ Mice at | thi ie, Gauss Ale ) detectives on
Ki vith covered head, whrh is the most, il for troops frok o tate governmo: n ‘ street © urt in Brooklyn. The hast i Nobody scent “i ove Dean equally

oveted honor in spain. He will make a long ” ' . 3 : ; d : ™ 8 rment ridegroom, who is an upholsterer at (76 Fuls AC WA \ ; ; dy seems to Care Who It Was
stay inthis eountry fo pumose of stud need no ye restonde to unless” the | ton street, is tr @ weYentyethird vonr inat | thet fred the ahot
the | ted States milit Insitutions Atthe | Prasident deems it Wee to do so. Bection 4 forty yeg se td " a pevontpetied veer, just ’ . »

Waltorf yesterday he said that be was very Tetaia. TY, atthe. GoabitGtiok Bulrah th : arsolder than the bride. He was a GUARDING GOV, TAYLOR
auch pleased with the little he had aiready | BED BMASAR ICR witneee in the Beecher—Tilton trial, A few | ‘Thesituation in Kentucky to-night is prade
seen of Am ) every State a Republign form of government | y oH Ago De got § divoree from his first wife. | 7 " m :
eaiahsamtdbasbiedhasitenms | and protection againit domestic vielence on Hie exp! Y ied to Magist bata Siours that beeau tically the sa as las am The State House
| , ° no was a Protes . ‘ ’ light be tho tt ein a state o ’
VE1O ON BANKERS! 10 CREAM BONES, | application of the Lexilature of such State or | jt wae dy TA eet eta vera Cathie |p OP TROUED 50 SE 55 8 Stele Ot See
— of the Executive when tho Legisiatury cannot | they bad concluded t have the de ; ae ! i yeh itol eiue & vine bree State buildings,
They Represented Coin Piles and Chief) he convened.” poses vith iE the as ance of fri Jhey are in the centre of the square and are
en Seize » Mould, \ z : : dr, tobert) Booeoek, who test | su nded by snow-covered iawns. The
Hinzen Seized the Mould | Congress provided by lay for the use yf Feds | Molineux cage, was one. of th: in@ne Bre dotted on All sidow with blesien
For the annual dinner of th tate Bankers’ | eral troops in carrying out the intentof this | the marriage, The aged bridegroom ter lean flr rr ete ud by iera, At ey
Association at tho Waldor’-Aatoria next Tues- | section. General order 20, series of 1804, | ff pera ” wee deaiined by the Maui tite cc are ; a oe
3 de, ?, Came e , entrance to the grounds is ac hie guar :
day «evening [ce cream bores were designedin | Headquarters of the Atay, lavas dow the ane a tow weoke ago. me here from Engia nil ) ve bin oo e ehad 7s “7 oe a
f | , ' . diers, who refuse to let anvbady pass gS
the shape of an imitation pile of eight gold | rules for the use of Fedwal troops it sup- ; rs i See 5 : ' = » *
i | a We mn rsanordersigned by the Adjutant-Genera
the top coin representing the reverse of | pressing disorders in Stags, This order was Vi TIMES &4 RRIDEGROOM, Ir ‘duitt an to thane ¢ iards at the ent 8
one 8 ane ae ofMeers on She one | promulgated with referenia to the Ciieago nial : ; en? sil del aa
: thought the ssid Very pretty, bu , ‘ . ; > the grout there are ree Bf

me one tas that it Re ei itted He strike, in which President Geveland sant Fe ‘. Superintendent ¢ ampbell of the Derg " - id rt ee nane on ‘ . eit - a
the United States Seere Service officers to | eral troops to Illinois to Protect the United society Wedded Again. eG iy id, ve ms jings
Hud out ifit violated the law against imitations® | states maila and insure th\freedom of Inere | Greenwich, Coun. Feb, L—Arehibald Ho | oe pec gor lige oe eer ae

f United States coins, Chief Hazen, to whom | ae akon wttl ae es , atest Ass ~Archiba packed with soldiers, In the corridor of the

laster model was submitied, seized tt | state commerce without aly applicarion fom | Campbell of Brooklya and Mrs. Vhowbs | Stute House a ny of soldiers is bein
forthwith. | the Governor of the staf. In this Wer |] Osborn of }aintleld, N. J., were married atthe | ’ : ag this ; seta te eattl rs

The 4-4 ee be vin have re pat thaje loo cream | it fs asserted that the Fodera\Government las | Methodist parsonage here by the , Wil 1 | er ae See oe
out of ordinary box ut they will beable to | Tritad & aries + ‘: : . re POM | eaeh corner of the State House itself is a bi

10 so without fear’ of being arrested ¢ | Suthority to use United State\troops ia Staas | W. Gillies at 11 k this morn THO | bs ; ( ; ine Ms the mouth . ined ot Me
handling counterteite of United States mon yf tho Union in certain clrourtancas withoat | bride room is 74 venrs o! his is fith | ; : a re } os r v : , ' -
Two of the guests of honor at the dinner will acall foratd from the Governd or legislatuy, | marcia he brt n once | FOR SnirAnces to the siunee he guns are
be Lyman J, Gage, Seeretary of the Treas. nd i avantie Would | ae K ao * | before, and ~he Tho | loaded and ready for us Seven or eight
ury, and Charles Emory Smith, Postmastere | 40d It apparently would apply } Kentucky if@ | marriaue wos the result of aromance Mr. | soldiers are around each of them. Gov, Taylor
General. state of insurrection should b\ considered @] Campbell Re ped Henry Berg to found the | s 1) \ a hi naein ca tha |

7 eae ie exist there, Rociety for the Prevention of Cruelty to Anis | S80 DES lee PAIS IO NEE Ree ae

CARRIED A FORTUNE WITH HIM ‘cilia mals ard for more than a quarter of a « tury Executive aul there are special

. eos : ne yee Caper menue tegtvini his services free, | guards be and outside the door of
sae Y , PE i rihat tit e@ e over K
And Did a Big Business on the Sidewalks AGED GYPSY QUEEM DEAD, Ho ie stil activetn eeuent ie wae + wen mee each root veinor and his Governe
f 4 is, lie i* .
of New Orleans, te B ‘ ‘ain Aes na mils Mr Campaell married tour wive s,all or | ment are taking no chances. The National
. a nve y i . 4 z it > Me . 1 » ler } ,

New Onseaws, Feb, 1.-The death is ans wold, Dies in c inane None Fiza, re ie Saeed by dy ath Widredg “th a but Sard fe wader his oriiers and ienbeying them,
nounced in Loulsville of Charles F, Alter, one . oth, Nd, before the marriage she died ' but it is unquestionably a faet that a large
ofthe largest real estate owners and wealthl- FEnizaneru, N. Je Feb, 1. Haro Vyana, senaeienenennsbanvenepensimmevenistin number of the soidiess are at heart with Sene
est citizens of New Orleans, Mr, Alter | Widow of Robert Evans, a chief Qa band of NOMAN-CHASB IN BROADWAY, ator Goebel
had the reputation of hesing more ready | &ypsies, died last night In a camp \tween this suited A waik through the streets of the capital
money at his command than any other man | ¢lty and Newark, It is said that She was 105 | Idlem Turn In and Help a Man Who Is | town does not give one the impression
1 tne oer and edo te See tasis th years old. Sho was born in Englantand came Crying ‘‘Stop Thiet!’ that all the precautions that are being
with $50,000 0 ) eanbdac 4 erica ty yoars ago, 8 { hina : re ssury ) ) ace see
pockets ready for any bargain that might turn fo Amer a es Voere pas an nyden’t alti A doven men on Broadway joined in chase of | taken ar Bp rwenary § for the place seeme
up. He was one of the most plainly dressed | two years ago. Her son, Edward, ovteare oli, & womwn who ran around the corner from | 8% beaceful as any Southern city of its

meninthe city, had no office and transacted

very large business on the
Mr. A ter Was a native of Philadelphia
He came to New Orleans in
1830, went {Into the wholesale liquor business,

in whieh he acquired a large fortune and re-
tired,

his

er

all
atre

 

 

271 Broadway,—.\dr,

 

Derby Desk Company, 145 Fulton Street.

Letter and document fling, and card {1 4ex cabl-
Bes, Ade.

 

will » herit her quoter i Shoe leavetfourteen Thirty-ixth street last night, pursued by aq | 872 ever Was, There are no crowds and there
grandchiidren er Tamlly owns \" O\in Ever- n Ww er . Ree h y°° > wo appears to be no exeltement outside
reen Cemetery, in this city, and sh will be man wh | top Thief! The man z y ¥ ; ‘ sutsile of the
juried there on Saturday, The Rey ne ran intothe arms of Detectives Sheehan and | hetel corridors, Business is practically suse
Cobb ofthe Second Presbyterian C bee ‘ith Cockwoot pended, There is momentary expectation of
Siielate, eu! He pursuerentd that he was John Jonos of trouble on the part of the people who are seen

 

Chicago, living atthe Holland House. He had | @beut, but they don’t seem to be warranted by

 

 

    

     

 

  

 

BULLPR'S SPELCH TO HITS MEN, Said He Would Die on Thursday ana Did, pet ve ‘ "5 a Sixth avenge saloon anc Ahad the facts of Uae situation as they have developed
cnn ‘on Usivae 2. eo . Neem ; , 0 NAVO T COwday,
He Did Say That He Hoped to Be in Lady- |, Mount Venyon, N, Y.. Feb. 1.—Honey Weber, | & Grit, There oe ha none her arms
sinith Within a Week, 55 years old, died tn Wililamsbridge on Tue Ly. Se ato JONI ah . MS Walstcoat | GORBEL DIDN’T NAME AN ADJUCANT-GENERAR
Special Cabse Despa’ch to Tur Suy His father, George Weber, 72 years old, visited |” Tho wan said she was Bessie Evans, living | Last night folk went to bed talking about
a 4 . p . the house to condole with the family, A: he | atthe Stilou! Hotel, Sheisnotknown there, | civil) war It had been semi. officially ane
Lonnon, Feb, 1.-A despatch tothe Exchange | wos leaving co ts wok 4 Neithert John Jones Known at the Holland ounce a
: rele was leaving he said: “1 willbe tho nextto go " ; nounced that Senator Goebel, after he had
Telegraph Company from Spearman's Camp, f bvel that Wak Rew, and somethina tell * | House, Le woman was locked up. WSF IK aa Gave ; r he had been
’ sO Met - - 440 i
dated Jan. 30, states that Gen. Luller read the | that Twill hedeadon Thursday”. a “ne jeiae ott ad aetite = ys Appointed Gen, Case
Queen's message of thanks tothe men of the | was suffering allemtly from asthma. True to | 780 Vas IN 4A SCHOOL FIRE, Geaaralio aunsaat ‘ © place of Adjutante
divisions of Gens, Clery and Warren, his prediction, he died this moining | Tho . "lhe wiea ’ Hueceed Gen, Collier, who was acts
Aaabataly tot} ae t P funeral of the son took place to-day and that Sister Stanfaus Burned to Death in a | lig underthe orders of Gov. Taylor. This, tt
eaters, Gated Jun, Oo contona't leter- | the father will be held on Saturday, Mr, Weber Vain Fdeavor to Save a Pupil Was expected, would force the jasuo—
maritzburg, dated Jan. 40, conflring the pre- | «tarted a Dakery in Mount Vernon fifty years the State il oe
vious report that Gon Buller told the men.in | ago and was in business at the time of nis Sr. Lours, Mc Peh, 1 —The parochial s | nS ite milltia, Gen, Oastloman was
iy macrons © he § 7 ree mae f- the Queen's death. He was well-to-do. of St. Lawrencovas destroyed by flre thi s af. | [0 Proceed from TLonisyille to Frankfort by
| tion and that he expected to be in Ladysmith - a ternoon, Siaterftanislius,a teacher, and Mary y | Pee : “ a ed yn on me - on the —_ mille
} S sm Hin we Mone » denth en, most of whom he kuew, too
withina week, Thonght It Fun to Knock Women Down. I Diey, O PUpll, Wee burned to death, ders. Thoso who wero Domoorat obey his ore
IDVANCH IN ¢ IPE COLONY? » rp roie w 7 Phe fire startecnear the furnace in the base. oeratic in polities,
we ~ Peter V. Furey of 213 West 105th street, 19 | ne quickly bre§ing through into the stair. | it Was expected, would obey him, and the Ree
elevated railroad inspector, thought it erent} ooo ces were & a ¢ publicans would stick to Gen, Co!lfe
Karly Movement of the Colonial Forces fun to walk aloug Columbus avenne last night, | it wie ane d i fs x Ae " t 5 i - rt Castiem lid not come. He had aon anna
Pheer meaNnNe Fremerad, singing and shouting and bump agar apanic. ‘Pwo of thRrothers tenehers of the | this morning, and it was given out then thas he
Special Cable Deanaich to Tar Sux. overy woman ho met. He knoe saver POF gual ! + pifwas' compelling the |» a: Ito aerept the appointment,
Loxpon, Feb, 2—Tho ee N's corre. popes Sone or 9 Bo 1 muen Sister Stanislaus Wer her life in an en- \sainatter of tact, Gen, Castleman wag not
spondent at Queenstown, Cane Colony, pre- ) Finally, he pienckar Naw MW shy Smith le \ ure » res ay Ientor ‘ p er pupils, She res | apy et Adjutant-CGeneral by Senator Goebel,
dicts an early advances of the colonial division | 220 West Sixty-seventh atre Nhe ¢ ' ' ha ie ee athe ty if po Ang ‘ne hild an 1} te. Cooobel was advised that he might secure
under comman/ of Gen. Brabant, te but intend gue’ 4 n ae meal So ‘, | by smoke, but was rescug by flea 0 n , \ n of the armed tores of the Btate by
aeeemeinenes rurey arrested, ewasloeked upon enarges Ls , : x Adiut t-Ge al vb
! 1 e sarpe | of intoxteation and disorderiy conduct | ee Dp ne 8 itent-General who would
CONSUL HARK AT LORENZO MARQUES, ’ | Josiah Quincey Atat to Marry. obey lis orders. Gon, Castloman’s name wag
——— a buen: Sul mi toned, Goebel remarke
Arrives There on His Way to His Post at | Bostox, Feb, 1—The ngagement is ans | Heh shes agp a '
Pretoria, Gold Medal to Helen Gould. nouneed of ex-Mayor Josia, Quine to Mrs. W, Pha " a ry a us matter, p pe act
. : . hatin Relaw ow ‘ es 1 3 ’ | Wawtily Nthink ofit to-night and will
Special Cable Veepaich to Tar Sun. Wasuinatox, Feb. 1.—The joint resolutt ; I, Tyler, widow of the latehealmaster he | : 7 Fae tate ii nike ' ecide
aor ( Y , r f y! odo ww ornin
Lonkxzo Marques, Fob, 1.-Mr. A, 8. Hay, | extending the thanks of Congress ar a8 RoW fg he Aon i; oie at ee ” Ma nS Mr. t) the | rhie morning he deeded that he would noe
the American Consul at Pretoria, has arrived | medal to Miss Helen Gould for her t pe home of Joh Pre Ai ale ST OLERRS Oo) | Ho it, on at loast that the thas to do ft had nos
) an TK t ' » BO , n the Spanish War) the pti F . reulpp? sn ' at) 1S) S288 me es Say Vares
here en route to his post, \ ot ris the a He : : toutay by | die dink [ reat Sr Iery ty. Tylere hu | yetarrived, A crowd had hung about the raile
—_ was favorably reported to the House to-cay ) Novembe i Mees air i ; ae A
Florida, Coba and Nassau, | the Committees on Military Affairs, but wrt road stations all night waiting for Gen, Castles
| via Pennsylvania Railroad and Southern Railway: | the Provision regarding the than s* : nee tt . Vive States tn Five Hour, | men's special train, It was made up largely of
New York oa vis rh la L lmited Jeazes New York ane sonferr| ng of th H ho i. ght Face of the 7he "Ro yal Limited,"’ bead frond enre | that element which raises most of the hell in
daily excep unilay, 12:40 M Two other eo 1° privilege of appearing on f the OR VoR w York, South Fecr 7% berty 4 on ° * '
traine laily, 8:25 P.M. and 12:10 night, Through House and Senate, and the mem bers D ee | et daily, 8 P. M., art a rece hit gis § PM times of riot the me in it were tired out
Pullman and (ining car service, New York Office, | committee objected to wiving this righ quisite Dining and Cafe Car S rvt ide, whe n morning came and wenthome to, ny

 

woman,

Derby Deak © company, 145 Faiton — ige

Be pansion book cases and cabinet’ 08 4’ eoharge
Ado
’

ee —

Derby Desk Company, 145 Fulton Street. Derby Desk Company, 45k uiton Strest.

| Booke .
oa” suitable for all purposes at aut Ligh prices, | ogee anes, leather uvholst:red goods and chair