which perhaps accounts for the generally

peaveful appearance of things to-day,
LEGISLATORS BARKED OUT

At breakfast time the hotels Miled

up with

 

people, The Capitol Hotel, where Senator
Goebel! is, was the seene of the Digwest gather-
ing. Bulleting were wive out stating thatthe
Wounded man’s condition hod somewhat im
prove! during the night and iis chances of re
@overy wera better brom §& to 10. o'e k
there ware only those Loulletins forthe crowd

to talk about
At loo'els
Members of the
the duty of the
Bouse and mak
they walked
themaelyes to the eu

nty ofthe Democratic
lew sald that it was
thembers to goto the State

 

*k about tw

ature

 

widen tration at least, and

rad te the gates,
rds and demanded ad-

ir ntrodueed

 

|

|

Mittance, The guards told them that they
Would have to get passes

“Who from?” demanded the legislators

“From the  Adjutant-General,” said the
guards

“Where ia he?

“In that red tulding,” satd the guards,
Pointing up te aw huilting neat to the State |
Houre

“We'll go ser ‘said the legislators

"No, you we suit the guards, "We've
@otorlers not to letanyonein without a pass

Thatended st. ‘They went back to the hotel |
6nd reported what hod bhappene |

TWO FRUPE LESS CONFERENCES

A little Inter word was rece { at the hotel
that if Poth aides were willing, it might be
Possible to have a Hiorenee between legal
Fepresentiat Without a shooting taking

lace, Pach side denied thatthe suggestion
came from any of its ers, but each said
that a conference was possitle, and the upshot
of itwas that aftera tof telephoning, W

   

 

HH, MeQuown, representing Gov, Taylor, met
@xeCongressinn! toh | Hendrick, Zack
Phelps, Aare ! » and Col, Bennet H.
Young, rey nto the Goebel men, The
Meeting t pa wothe Capitol Hotel, and
each manu hat the other ones proposed
Fach answere! that t matter should be
referred toth t I'he Goebel men said

“We'll let the ! maitter wo before the
Court of Abie aud we ereea to abide by
the dee t E

“Yor,” si a Tavior men, “and you have
gotfourmonmbers of the Court of Appeals to
Ourthres We ' toy present the whole
ease to Ui i Cireult Court Judge
Fvans

"Yos. acid the Goebel men, “but he's a Re-

publica

 

  

 

Neither side would give in and the confer.
ence adjourned, aureeing to meet again this
afternoon an! ta Againin theafter-
noon the liwy together. The Goebel
men backed up their refusal to refer the mate
ter to Judge | 4 with thes 1 ¢ that it
was not a matter thatthe United States Cir-
cult Court id have invtling to do

ith unter linstanves Tt was
purely a State matt Between confers
enees Gov ra had 7 % tively
that he wou hot agr to abide by the de.
Cision of t! ‘ y Court of Appea md
his friends t vid that tl rt tis stacked
agains! hin ond heel t t vt that it was
the Chief Just th Justice Have
rige. who had a tered ith flee

2 to Mr, Gioet s: th {eonterence tad

P the same resalt asthe frst. An effort had been
made to get al tl egal representatives of
Gov, Taylorto ths second conference, but exe
Gov. Bradley, ex-supr ‘Court Just “WH
Yost and ex-County Judge Wo UL Sweeny of
Covington preferred to remain the in Pxecutive
Mansion with the Gove "

While the eon ere
no harm, forthey het ay what little ex.
altement there was ani they put both sides f=
better huinor tameeting of the Demoe ts

after the conference South Trimble, weaker

 

 

of the House of Representatives, art Senator
Coleman o! Democratic Senate tl Steering
Committee were advised thar other effort

  

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

  

shouid be made to how a meting of the Legis:
lature.
SPEAKER TRIMBLE CALLS A SESSION
A little later messengers hustled into the
Qopital Hotel with their arms full of posters
Beading thus
“Notice, To the Members of the General
Assembly of the Commonwealth of Kentucky
By virtue of the p nvested in me by the
Oonstitution of the Stat Kentneks and the
law ' euasuanee: thore I hereby
notify the memles f the General Assembly
of the Cor nwealthof Kentucky to moet in
Joint sess or the! Y the House ot Kepres
Bentatives in t s Cay building in
Frankfort, Ky., Feb. 1, WO, at 5 o’eloek
P.M., for the trans onof such business ae
may be bro before the body
“Given un my bead as Speaker of the
House of Representatives
SouTu Thame
These notioes were posted everywhere in the
corridor of the lL exeept over the butler
holes let: by ». Cosco the other day when
he was shoots af Seott and winged a
couple of hote: guests as well as the Colonel
There are three of th bullet holes. The
posters he pel eftthem off
READY VO SHOOT LEGISLATORS
The posters stirre | up the erowd again and
ft was whistere! about, “I's coming! It's
coming!” One could only mige of what it was
that was eomines toe tender way the |
tucky Colonels whe madeup the erowe in uw
part felt of ther hip pockets. THE SUN roe
porter went aroun! tothe state House to seect
come, Just before he got there a copy of the
notice had reached there and had been read by
Gen. Collier, The Genoru gave orders to the
Fentinels at the gates of the Capitol grounds
toadmit anybody wh aid he was ae t
of the Legislature. Thon he had Cant, Coohran
and a company of men with ! led ani bayoe
netted musk ts drawn op i corr roftthe
Btate Hous Phis } vexnelly filed the
corridor und there was hardive 1 between
tho door and the forwerd tine to permit the
door tony The order to Capt. Coohran and
hia men was to Innit noone to the by liing
on any pretest whatever, The Gathig guns
on the lawn bad been covered over with heavy
tarpaniins sine ning. Now the coverings
were taken off andthe meohanin o the guns
was ‘ected. They were carefully Aimed so
that they covered every inch of the entraness,
Crews were stationed behind them a levery.

 

 

thing was ready forthe reception of the Senate
and the Assembly
MARCHED IN AND OUT 4cQrT
A fe nents before 4 kK Senator
Coleman, Senator Triplet 1 Senator Jones
Wheal, have long bea arrived at Capitol
Squa No their surg the goarts atthe
Bate Passe! them l ed straight
UPtorh State Hous t ®, and Se
ator I pushed open ' Dat t
Went against Cape. ¢ Who stood it at
ten!
“I'm sorry, geptiemor ! rders are to
adinit no visitors tot me bud iy
“Dut we are senat . tSenatorc ma
p t nan
My orders are to admit noo said Capt
Cochran ,
"Who wave ‘om? 1 !Sena lriplort
“The Adjutant-Giene: » repaed Capt. Coch.
ran
“And where is h demanded Senator Trip.
lett,
Capt. Cochran pointed to th i ig wher
Gen. Coll or has his headaua
sen  F sit rele aid th Senator
These y nare on hew duty
I've be \ ' . ) :
; x tare all
rig.
. a h Ithe tl rae Senatore
\ wen! to | ‘ ' § s ' I'r
itors fe
let { rie tr woud t 4
cas ‘ re
Bena ( \ bn ind s hat the
Benat: wante ty mee 1
istomed room
in th ' Louse
Tween \ ada (
“That'sa.. want t
; 1 \ \ sad Senator
Coleman, and he went out a { reported the

result
In the meantime Speak: tr Trimble and the
Assembly had arrived. Pravr| ally all of the

‘eracte Members were with him and a fair
of the popuiace e;

( ame after them to
ieht of the many-mouthed Gatlings.
Formerly A,

|

|

Thero they side stepped out of range of the
guns, The members of the Assembly were not
daunted. There had been a rumor in the
afternoon that Gov, Taylor had concla led that
he had no right to adjourn the Legisiature and
that he would withdraw his) proclamation,
When the gates were reached and the guards

 

stepped aside the rumor was thought
to be true and the news was shouted
out to the popalace Th guards
siviy grinned, Upthe walk to the main ene
trance of the State House they marched like
the Senators, looking askance at the Gatlings
and theie husky crews as they pa 1, Bang

wentthe door open again and bang it went into
Capt, Cochran, The Captain talked with Mr
Trimble personally, Some of Mr Trimble’s
ellow-members were ine'ined to be ugly, and
Mr ‘Trimble promptly called them down, He
asked Capt. Cochran where he got his orders,

} ant the Captain told him

“Well, it's no use seeing the Adjutant-Gen-
eral is it?’ he asked,
The Captain said he did not know,
MOKE “VIRTUE” OF TRIMDLE'S “powrns,”

Mr. Trimble then called his followers to-
wether on the State House steps and addressed
them thus

ly the virtue of the powers vested in me as
Speaker of the Joint session of the Legislature
and because we are illegally shut out of our
regular meeting place [ hereby declare this
\asembly adjourned subject to the call of the
Char”

The menat the Gatling guna twisted them
around juat for fun and the Aasembh ymen
went back to the Capitol Hotel, It was after
they had gone that the campfires were lighted
and the general appearance ofa military camp
was heightened, The people at the hotels
sald: “Well, it didn’t come” and “What next
The jeaders said they would not tel! what next
forthe reason that they did not want to let
their enemies know what they intended doing,

Phis oMeial visit of the Leg eliture to the

| State Capitol grounds about ended the excites

ment forthe day
MILITIA LOYAL TO TAYLOR,

Now for the situation, It ia certain
what Gov Taylor's friends have said to-day
forced to do so, Three more companies o
midtia arrive! here to-day, making in al
about 1,200 soldiers on the ground, ‘They are:
mostofthem, from Republican counties ane
many of them from immediately arouna Goy
Taylor's home, so that while a large number o
them may be with Senator Goebel at heart the
other way, aud

leounty” The offers range from a thousan
down to a hundred. In most instances the
aenders are of sufficient reputation to make
| certain that the offers are genuine, To each o
these telegrams Mr. Hendrick has answered
“Wedon't want the men, We want every
| boty fo stay away from Frankfort. If men ar
sent here there willbe trouble, Don't ¢

 

they kept thelr weapons concealed,

TALK WITH THE GORRBEL LEADER,

 

‘eS had no result, they did |

|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|

|
|
}
|

 

 

from

that be will not withdraw the troops until he is

there is

famen are ready to march on Frankfort from this

me,”
These instructions are being pretty generally

THE SUN,

the city of Loutsville and the will of the caus? MF. Goebel has oapoused. His notice
people defeated, The partisan conduct of the | was! Made public until late in the after

Mayor, Board of Safety and Police, together p00” os ND to to-night Capt Redd had
i Misted many me The : s shed |

) the lv omecers | note en momen approaches

oo that * ener oe evr * gaem 60 few! that there is a way out of the

the June primary and the June eonvention,
Was ofsuch character as to show beyond all
question that none of said authoritles could
have been trusted to take charge of the State
Guards onthe day of the election. No soldlet

rangle ot Franktort without resorting to arms,

Capt, Cart’s company of mounted men from
ashland, Catlettsburg and eastern towne in
that section came through here to-day on their
way to Frankfort to assist Gen. Collier. Pri-
vate Citizens from all over the mountain secs |

 

 

went upon the street or any polling place In gh? = Sad ne a hurrying to Fr aston
tt ateve ali ia needer vi)
city of Louisville until more than three how (ev. Taylor, and tf it were not. for the

cold Weather it 14 concen
would be on their way tothe capital, William
P. McCoy, a native of the mountains anda rel-
itive of the famous MeCovsa of feud fame,
feclired hore toenight that the people of east.
rh Kentucky were almost bes: le themselves
A heeount of the spaeches which had been
Made by leading Anti-Goebel men \

aftorthe polls had closed and with very fet fed that many more
exceptions unth the count had been made, [0
these few instances no act of intlinidation
committed, nooMleer of election was throw”!
out, no oftte ection was put in, ang the

“ila
only intimidation in the eity of Louse"

 

of

which prevented persons from voting was 4 ’ The Lexington armory wae broken into this |
oiiea and hee an she . of Re Merhing anda number of pieces of clothing |
of police and flremen, the throwing out and guns and ammunition were taken. by

fi: ,
publican inspectors and other Repubtigat Members of the organization on the orders of

  

 

cers, In many precincts the vote was ee | iar i gmire, who Is at Nichoigaville guard.
: eatin aibinn yotere | NM Civil prisoners, It is said he was acting
| by Democratic offleers, so that many j fo Uhder orders from anperiors, who feared the |
were unable to vole who would have ott! thy, “ltnory would be robbed
| eontestee, Many votes were counted [oF wo | h hs is tittle enpresai " of publie feeling |
| ‘ to ° everybody seems afraid to say anything
¥ stan ve ot
| contestant that were actually given test? | All agree, however, that nasassination is bad
contestee and many votes given taco! A professor in the State College said this after.
| were counted for contestant,” \ noon:
| Pie ean arena ¢ iin rene ai? T would not Ike to pray for the Lord to kill
| The report goes on and deniea allof in sy | a“ man or to allow a man todie, butt fn it
| gations of Republican intimidation | Geeeeit to pray for the recovery of senator
@ : CGinebel.”
county and ends as follows + | .
| "Upo ’ f the whole ease ne | Chis isa sample of the bitterness of the feels |
| pon a review o 18 Who test's | ing when it iaexpressed. On the other hand,
| into consideration the facts that con the | the friends of the Senator who are outspoken ,
| friends controlled the appointmert ‘tat ny that they belleye saat (cov. Taylor wan in |
i the itate ; we plot to assassinate Goebel: that he had |
may) yof all the election offlearg in {he ;
* pority fall theelectionoM ere! afers in | Keptthe mountaineers in his oMflee building
; that they appointed as Republigns TAts : for weeks walting tor an opportunity to kill |
} Many instances men who were Demeces 'D | the man who stood in his way, Jaeling {s

fomper | running high, and that only the lingering of
Senator Goebel! has prevented it from breaking
Out in serious form, is the opinion ef vonserva-
tive men,

many others Republicans who wert!
tent and without ebaracier, over the Jeetion
of the Republican Commissioners: tht in the,
city of Louisville they appointed weel¥enine
Democrats as Republican inepecto” ve, on
forged certifleates, fraudulently moving
oMfcers theretofore appoinred on thifternoon
preceding the election day; that py forcibly
voted Republican inspectors ofefused in
very many instances to adjust Bu during
the count and thus corruptly cong the vote
contestant, Wome assured

'
}
|
\
|

HENRY WATTERSON NOT SURPRISED.

Says the Shooting of Goebel is the Logical
Consequence of the Campnign,
Kansas Crry, Mo., Feb, 1.--Henry Watterson
was at the Union station here to-day on his
way froma leetura tourin the west to Louls-
ville. Of the state of affaira in Kentucky Mr,

  
 
   
   
   
 

e)

in the interest o d
thateontestes alone has the righ@eomplain | Watterson said:
of the result ofthe November elec@ of 1si, ‘The public outside of Kentucky haa been

systematically and singularly misadvised as to
the conditions and cause of events within the

“Under these cireumstinees, waspectfully

report that contestee received, in, a much

 

(| larger majority of the votes polethan was | State. The matospring of the tight against
| | actually given him tn the coun’ @l that he William Goebel, the souree and resource of
was elected Governor of Kentugeanc that | the vast sume of money which the Democrats
| this fact shoud be properly cf iM by this | have had to meet at every stage of
body, Wethink itproperto adi the the eon. | the proceedings, the — originator of
¢ | testee has becn inimary res@etalenied the | the implacable and savage bitterness

has been the Louisville and Nashville Railway
The movement has nothing else behind it

right to present bis side of Ohis entest, and
hundreds of his wilhesses wre ttnad away

   
 
 
  

vast ms ney in the aa Le who would have more falllestabshed the | Until they were provisionally aeated in oMfee

3s : en nig il a ( t fiahting mon for | truth ot the grounds relied @ by hit and the | ths Republican candidates wera not much in

seer o ue hence iar ia fight. Dx. | falsity of tho Kreunds rded on by cone 4 evidence, but from that moment they have
hte _ ‘e hab fenelvad tora | testant been perfecting the reorganization of tne

Congressman He - ” bos hag havin mish pe ocRats WON'T Gero LONDMIN, miitiaon a Repuplican basis already begun by

reine Qaine ot thse ay that a tneicund | The Pensoorae Bomber! the Ledulnture | ox, Bending

md guns, Some nee continue toa that the will pay neatten. Then the Republicans, by the ala of the

Lovaville and Nashville, brought to Frankfort
atminioad of picked killers from the moun.
taita, The demonstrahon was so shocking
the it produced a reaction and the mob was
sen home But enough ot them remained
behind to do the essential part of the work for
when they had been brought, the shooting ot
Mr. Goebel. They had been prepared for this
by he mostincendiary appeals of all the Re-
pullioan leaders, predicting a refan of terror
and threatening death aud destruction to all
Denocrats who dared attempt to unseat Taylor

 

mito Gov. lor’s: progjmation cOmening
the Leginla to meetin London hb |
They say that -ondon is ahountain town and
that it would 6°48 muchés their lives were |
worth togoMere. Where thentire population is
Republican, Pwoofthe Raublican members of
the Assem!l¥ declared togay that they were
against G". Taylor in thematter of adjourne
the “@xislature. (ye was Mahaffey of

t

ye “
. 5

¢

 

 

in

 

ay, Jaeson and Owsley and the other was “Meanwhile the Democrats were ‘eeding

baie The ile of st zers toelay were Clay, /* al ‘ 5 Wwoinwhilie ie etnocrats Were proceeding

j Obeyed, The arrivals of er t bring, al) | Tipton’! OWingsville, ‘Ipton anid; inawordance with the Jaw, not merely the
few. The oO zy trains did not ! g. ai » i . favery ele y c eky
w. The morning trait OK i “rar 0 Republican, bull do not endorse the | Hoetel, but o ove , i action law in Kentu “ky,
told, twenty-five men, and ft they were armed whict has placed the final decision of contests

pres teondnet of the Yate Administration.
Jam soing back to my pgple prepared to res
sxe in case they do ng support mein my

for Governor and Lieutenant-Governor with
the lewi-inture. Ina word, trom first to nat,
the l»moerats have had to meet the money of
the ralroata, the threats of the Republicans,

 

After the attampt t> meet at the State House t preent attitude,” organzed forarmed violence at every turn,
this afternoon Speaker Trimble was seen by “LEGISLATURE” [EBTS AGAIN. ah | ~ these things — in ‘fasaesinia-
| Tie SUN reporter in his room at the Capitol : on surprises noone in Kentucky. Itisaa
Lae i . , i) Speaker Trimble calleth third seasion of the | losca consequence of a campaign of corrup-
Hote! While Senator Goebel is ill Spea etl ia sislature to meet at 8:30 in the Ca , | thon aad debauchery
| nem bie is the leader of the Demoerntic forces rn pwr Ve at s:s0 In @ Capitol awe ”
. at : Hotel. Ameeting simila tothe one at whic
Mr. Beckham, the man who was Goebel's rug | (@iadaclhtad ts: tb a hich MANY WIRES FiOM LONDON,
ning mate, and who hua bean aworn (n ‘| Croebel was declared to the Governor waa as yi nai
Lioutenant-Governor, being confined to hs| held. It was merely fornal and nothing was | western Union Will Have 35 Miles Up
1 1 in the hotel under guard so that done except rs agesiow the record of daily When the Legislature Meeta,
; : ; essions Which the members say is neces . ‘ . ; .
no posstbility shall anything happer wees . on Lida essary, Lexinoton, Ky., Feb, 1.--The Western Union
him Telegraph Company leased a large storeroom

Speaker Trimble said: “I cannot wg.what
will be our next step Then he talked about
the condition of Senator Goebel and the une
fairness of the Renublicans

"Think of it.” said he. “Senator Govbe is

shot and the shor comes from a window jp the
Executive Mansion, The doors of thit piace
ire instantly closed and no oMeer of they

is permitted to enter, The building jg joe
searched then and has not been searched ane

this time, so far as we know. The ¢ ror
offers no reward for the arrest of the man wh

He makes no effort tod
v’irently to @

fired the shot.

him and the crime is apr

ung

 

 

  

' j
ished, Three daya have already 4 ]
not amove has been made toward discovering
the assassin
“Wiat efforts have Senator Goe hes friends
made to find the man?" asted the reporter
ne,” saidthe Speaker. “How euld they?
They have not even been permite to x
intothe building from whie esh® vas fred
Bat it will exsme out some day suf’, forthe
eason that twenty persons know abat it. We

 

know that it was plotted ahea Who ad warn.
ing that something was colng tobyppen, but
what it was boone conld imagine. Ve did not
think it was a sination,”

“But what will vou do now to ow Gov. Tay.
Jor?” asked the reporter, "Whagean you do

uuterthe Const tution?”
CIVIL WAR FORESHADOWD

“Well,” said the Speaker, “I sugise that, the

 

 

 

Governor being unable to perforg® his Cuties,
may delegate them to the Lieudiant-Gover.
nor. Then the Lisutenant-Gowena inay go
tothe usurping Governor and déenond posses.
}sionof the offlee. If Gov. Traygbr refuses to
{give itup T suppose thar the Lbutersnt-Gove
nor Ww then have to gotothe courts, The
| Court of Arpeals will decideshat hers entitled
te this office and then, backal by that decision,
he will moke ancther demand, 16 Taylor
refuses to accept the decresof the eourt Is
pose there ig nothing Jeftchen but a eivl war
of some kind. DTean't aeeanyth| se.”
The Speaker spoke serious" ant the two

|
|
|

|
|

| would have be

eompantons in the
assent to what he said

“Can't Taylor appeal the cam to the
United States Court?” asked the reporer,

“He cannot,” was the reply. “I know of no
law that would give nin an appesl to the
United States Supreme Court, It is @ State
matter and Kentucky muat settle it”

This may be taken as the Demoeratic kin of
action, subjeet t Gov faylor

room with hun nodded

Giov

minor changes,

and his counsel assert that they bP an
peealto the United States courte af! they |
Will hold on by ‘ores if necessary wil that |
appeal can be presented and head They
have no confiden yat all in getting @ ecision |

from the hentueky Court of Appe® in their
or

fay
RITY REPORT IN TAYLOR FAVOR,

ppeal that was got out laeMight by the
Wority ofthe Legislature, se#he forth th

 

 

 

 

n 1
reportool the majority of theGommittee on
Contests that seeks to seat Se@tor Goebel in
t Gi hors chair, was ap@ered to-day by
the Keputliear nbers ~ mnittee
report is a long oneygin part it isas

“

The minority of the eoygittee herein pro-
test against the res i ijdery action the | |
Mmoajority the n beraff this board, who,
from the ning th Montest to this time
have retuse st ® necessary |
tim Whijet 1 \ ough |
isned | d |

 

eapechiily

 

 

 

 

iwainst the re board to w this
se to be arg their refusal to allow
t mony in re tl fost ‘Ontrae |
ting tl test r Ww th profess to
believe was rebar he con
In this way they piv rai to bhi
(he character i ‘ hoof the State
Without allowing I ty to introduee
Withesses to show f thet nony
In so far asinn it t ty of Louis.
Ville ts concert we | the 5 tat
a sing! Heitualisehown to have failed
to vote DY reasou of the 1 a State
Guards inthe armory, W {further that ie
has been the custon ra l 4 i
election days and other tip, x Hie m Aes
place State Guards in the ! i
said State Guards had por be ny he - a

armory at the November eloor mn, INCH, t}
ree there

@a klot aad Vioodshed jg

/

|

 

 
 
  

TALK

Wouldn't Divalge His Plans—Said Cireum-
stances Were Changing Them,

With

REVORTERS’ TAYLOR,

in London, Ky., near the eourt house to- ay to
be used as an offive for handling reports of the
proceedings of the Legislatura next week,
Thirty men will begin work to-morrow morn-
ing building three lines out of London, mak-
ing An oegragate of thirteen wires,

More thar a carload of mater/al went ont to-

Frankrort, Ky., Feb. 1.—Gov, Taylor at 1:80
ternoon receie 1 the mpresenta-
“3s. Every corritor

olelock this al

tive of the Jiudianaz

   
 

     

 

 

     

 

 

 

    
  

    
 

   

        

   

 

   

 

   

 

 

   
   

andante-chamber in the @Xecutive building night Tt wil require the butiding of over sev.
was crowded with solders and arms were | enty-tive mies of line to make the connectiona
stacked about in every avatlable place, The | at Lexington Knoxvillo and Louisville, but the
hiack= hired eatin ce manag ntot the company sav they will have
Governor, ata, back hured, hazel-eyed man, | anyyie tes for handling the matter oitered
frank and courteous, thew himself baek in his | by the press
asy chairant toyed minute with a little ; ' » “_
dog that had elded the guards, ‘Phe | PZRGINIUS MESS4GE 70° GorReEL,
wen " =e ,
| vind t the beh, omust¥ chamber
lout toward thespot Where Goebel tel Legislature Calls Him ‘Governor’ and
| Governor W ty Sant mood, but Sends its Sympathy to Him.
refulliy avoided any @XPression of his pure . ‘
a fhe taure ofGen, Castleman to reach RicaMowp, Vi., Feb. 1. Without division
Fra c was ment. an ‘thea Virginia Legishture aa ita first aet to-day
Lethe you ean Say, BAK 1 Governor, {
will 1 ain'{s tha Gen, Castleman waa ote | Pissed a joint resolution expressing {ts in-
fered the place as Adjutant-General and de. | (#eation and sorrow at the attempt to assas |
ered the pt u ' strate the “Hon William Goebel, Governor of
cline. r sister State, Ventueny,”’ and eonveyina ti
1 the Govenor was told of the . | our sl ate, eay, and eonveyit )
I we that wD Ws to issue an ther ade Gov, Goebel sympathy in his suff ae
iresite th» people or to Presid MeKinley | 8d sincere hope ot his restoration to heath
ihe awed n bitof vexation and sald and “the peaceatle execution of the high
My can't sav wat Tam going todo, Each | olllee to whieh he was elewted by the people
hou: makes a nes ocension and [shall notane | Of Kentucky.” | The resolution was telegr iphed
te pie plans oo parboses. What Tmay con. | t@ Goebel and to the Speaker of the Kene
tenpate doing © the morning may ofneces. | tWcky House, | 0
sitebe abandoned in the afternoon by change . .
ofa¢vation,” Woman Warned Goebel Because of a
t vernorshowed he did not think much Dream,
Goebelite’ influence with the militia, ° 1
be meontoned the arcrivalof new eon. Lextnaton, Ky., Feb, 1—Mre, Allen Lake,
sin FranWort this imo ing He was told | wife of the manager of the East Tennossee |
dey at atte vin aie iar the Gov on rah p. Telephone Company, warned Goebel on Mon-
| ' c ‘ | ' ‘
“TE know noting of that.” he said | day afternoon to be eareful of himself. A
The Govern@s eel nly ofthe support telephone subscriber dreamed on Sur tay night
fen tohim & the militia thar he sawa battle raging tn Frankfort and
, re ivi! mento Kentucky.” he said thathe had been impressed into the Heputs |
eertoll, though [don't know how | Hein aide, The dream made such an ime
is. tht 70 per cent ot the Louisviile pression on his mind that he allied up Mrs,
‘ hare femocrats. But T have apsolute ake and told her he had a tip that trouble
leantidence pthem would take place in Frankfort shortly She

called up Democratic headquarters at Vrank-
fort and Goebel answered, She told him she
was glad it was he as she wanted to warn him
that he was likely to be killed at any time,

yvexpressed satisfaction at favor.
commeéts made on tha taet of Adj -tien,
Collier tr aling with the legislators when
they appeaed at the Court House
"Yosh firm, courteous man and eour-
is,’ sid the Governor, “Pthink the come
fine soldiers and fine

bay

 

T.3
mandiog WMeers are

age Persuaded Blackburn to Stay Away,
Frankrort, Ky., Feb, 1,—Sergeanteat-Arma

Haley of the Senate, who stands guard at

Goebel's door, intercepted Senator Blackburn

men

The Goernor will not refuse to receive any
Papers tht may served on him by court
officials, hould the Goebelites attempt judictal

 

 

 

ie by telephone to-day and advised him not to
proceed) gs. a <a cums here, He said that as an attempt bad
i : mea wens made to assassinate Goebel, alike at-

LOUDON, THE NEW CAPITAT, tempt might be made on Blackburn’s life

A Villge Distinguished as the Home of

Star Route Contractors,

Lonpy, Ky,. Feb, 1,—This little town, whieh
haa seldenly come into prominence as the

Jefferson County Recognizes Goebel.
Lovisvin.e, Ky., Feb. 1.-Mayor Weaver and
the county ofMcials of Jefferaon recognized
Goebe! as Governor at noon. Judge Cantre|]

 

 

 

 

    
 

    

 

   

 

 

   

 
     

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1900.

————  ——

THE ALBANY LAWMAKERS,

FAILURE 70 ADV UNCK THE TEACHERS’
SALARY BILL IN THE SENATYI,

 

 

Mr. Burnett's Bi, Prohibiting Gambling
at Agricuitural Fairs, 6 Passed in’ the
A mbly, Alao Mr. Allds’ Bill, Appro-
printing $20,000 for the State Tax
Comn on- Many Bille Tntroduced,

ALHASY, Feb, 1.-Nearly two houra of the
time of the Senate were taken up today listen.
Ing to a dehute between the New York and
Brooklyn Senators upon a motion of Senator
Ford to suspend the rules so that his sus! itute
emergency bill, providing for the payment of
the subary arrearages of the teachers of Queens
ond Kiehimond boroughs, coal! be ordered toa
third reading Senators MeCarren and Grady
objected to the advancement of the bill, say.
ing that it was crude in its provisions and
would not accomplish the object sought

 

 

Senators Ford, Elaberg and Marshall insisted |

there should be nodelay in the advancement of
the bill, Senaters Pord and Gray indulged in
a colloquy regarding the endeavor of one or
the other to make political capital out of the
proposed New York city ol legislation,
Senator Ellsworth, the Republican leader, in
support of Senator Ford, flnaily ordered an
open eal! of the Senate in order to secure a full
atte; dance of the Republican Senators, It ra-
quires twenty-six votes to suspend the rules,
Senator Pord’s motion had to be dropned

 

ach

 

eause it was ascertained that thore were only |
| twenty-flve Republican Senatora in the city

The bill will be considered to-morrow in gen-
eral ortera, It cannot be passed before next
Tuesday without an emergeney message from
the Governor.

Senator MeCarren's bill empowering each
Justice of the Appellate Court in the Second
department to appoint aconfidenttal clerk ata
salary of $2,000 was reported favorably in the
Senate and ordered toa third reading; as wae
also Senator Wagner's bill, making ita misde-
meanor for the executive head of a street rail-
road to compe! an employee to violate the ten-
hour !ow, and Senator Grady’s proposed
amendment to the State Conatitution, provid-
ing for four additional Supreme Court Justices
in the First Distriet and three additional
Justices in the Second

Gov. Roosevelt sent to the Senate to-day the
nomination of Isaac N Seligman of New York
tobeamember of the Bourd of Managers of
the Manhattan State Hospital, The nomina-
tion was coniirmed

The nomination of Bradish Johnson of Islip
to succeed Truman /. Backus as a member of

 

  
 

the Board of Managers of the Long Island
State Hospital was referred to the Finance
Committee, as was the rene gation of Dr.
Pnoch VY. Stoddard of Rochestor as a member

of the State Board of Charities

The Assembly to-day passed Mr. Burnett's
bil prohibiting gambling at the fair or exhibi-
tlonof any agricultural goelety, club or expo-
sition, and ifany such society or club permits
kambling it shall forfeit its rights to receive
any moneys from the ate under the aet ap-
ropriating $20,000 ¢ distributed among
igricu tura of the State, The
bill alse calls fora written statement from the
President and the Secretary of the soeletios
stating that no gambling was permitted at the
last fair aud upon failure to make such a states
ment the society will forfeit its right to any
money,

rf, | vard’s second bill, also relating to
gamb'ing at faites, was advanced to third reads
ing Its object is the same as that of the Bur.
hett bill, but itempowers the Commissioner of
Agriculture, if he has suffleient proof that
gambling has been carried op by any society
at its fairs,to refuse to give it any of the
State money,

The Assembly to-day passed Mr. Alld’s bill
appropriating $35,000 to the State Tax Com.

 

  

’

 

KOC MtiAR

 

 

mission and increasing the salaries of the
Commissioners from $2.500 to $5,000 a year

and allowing them $2.500 for expenses,

Mr, Doughty's bilauthoriz.ng Nassau county
to sell public ‘ands to devote the money for the
erection of public buildings also was passe

Speaker Nixon has appointed the special
Assembly committee to consider the statutory
revision bills. submitted to the Legislature,
It consists of Messrs, Rodenbeck of Monroe,
Slnter of New York city. Rogers of Broome,
Sands of Cortland, Padows of New York city,
i w York city and Phillips of New
The committee will meet next
week to online its work

Hiehilisto compel the issuing of tranafers
on the railroads in’ New rk «ity continue to
come in, Mr. Hawkins introduced one in the
Assembly to-day requiring all street and ele.

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

vated raliroads in the city to issue transfers
Which shall be good on all lines operated,
leased or inanaged by the companies,
Assemblyman Burnett introduced a bill toe
day which will affeet the fees of County Treas-
Urers and the Comptroiler of New York eity in
relation ¢ the ection of co lateral
Inheritance taxes, At present the law gives

 

 

 

      

themo percent, forthe first 850,000 received, |
3 percent. onthe next $50,000 and 1 per cent
for widittonal sums, but Mr Burnett
amends itso that they shall reeeive such com-
Missions, provided that they do not exceed
: Oi any one year
Little Tim’ Sullivan has resurrected his old

bill providing for frea text books, and intro.
duced it again to-day in the Asseml It
broviles that the State shall, after Sept. | next,
InokKe aA appropriation to pay for all the texe
books and supplies teed in the common sehoo!)4
of the Stat

Nena Ford to-day introduced a bill auth.
or 7i he New York city hoard of Bdueation

to place the name of eertatt
retired from their positions as chool teachers
on the list of retired teachers, entitled to re.
celve as an annnity one-halfatthe annual sal-
ary paid te them cprior to getirement, The
former teachers affected by the bill are Susen-
nah Whines, Euaabeth Bo Mende, Elizabeth J
Graham, Elizabeth A. Blanehard, Edith LL.
Ashley, Catharine M, Pagan, Mary C. Brom-
bush, Bioily Golder, Ellen J Traphagen,
Adelaide ©, Hay Honora D ean, Ane
astasia 8. Wixon, Georgianna Harriot, Mary J

rsous who tave

 

 

Brady, Emeline Fo Garvie, Kate Brown. Bash-
anna Thomas, Fleanor Magee, Anna M. Murray,
Fanny Auld, Mary Ankers, Mary A, Colston.

ne V. Sutton, Emily S. Hanaway, Eley
Taylor, Theresa = M Gall, i
8, Cathar Fo Mahan, M. Louise RB
Mary A. Viasher, Mary A. Colwed, Harriet
Howe and Laura s, Cole, They are old teach:
ers who retired before annuities were provided
for retired teachers

senator Mackey has introduced a bill provid.
ing that corporations making annual reports
to the Secretary of State shall inelude therein
an exhibit in detail, and under appropriate
heads, of the resources and liabuities of snch
corporation at the el ' Dusiness on any
past day te be specif the Secretary of
dtate, Among other things the report must

    

    

 

 

 

 

 

|

It isn't the bodily sickness that hurts a
man, Ife could stand that tairly well if his
mind were easy. But Americans are busy
They have work to do—plans to make
—schemestoexecute, They are‘ plung-
ers," They line up their incomes as soon
as they receive them or re-invest them
with the idea of increase. They cannot
afford to besick. Sickness is acalamity—

    
  
    
    
  

 

 
  

Pines or the assembling of the Kentucky Leg has convened the Circuit Court to hear tie { ‘ial cala
ixlatireon Feb, 6, isthe county seat of Laurel moepe! motion for an injunction against | @ a a calamity i
eouny, andy founde! nearly one Sylor, nctenciiain en “ Ps as nw
hunered years ago by Gen. Peter Jacks EEPARDIS . . ——— ical one, so the
MK, SHEPARD'S HARMONY BANQU: te | sick man worries
Fon = Wealthy = Virginian He gave even ad the sen Le

' ( (
the Jand oon whieh London stands to | Cleveland, Bryan and Hill May Be There * . , t) *e US
th county of Laure}, but afverward rt ropeeed No Invitation for Bourke Cockran. wi co “
tobuild the county eourt house and a gone . Sicke 1e
remothouse if it wonld deed the land back to Among the persons to be Invited tothe lig grows,
hm. The magistrates made the land overto | Demoeratic “harmony” banquet atthe Pouch Worry 1
hm anid he built an court house of briek | Mansion in Breoklyn on Saturday night, Feb ea:
aid the Laurel County Aeademy, also of briek. | * ; aan good thing at
Rha ct irt honse wae torndowna few years | 10, un jerdirection of the National Civie Club, the right

academy still stands of which Mr. E lward M. Shepard is President, | ¢i mm The lo
flvent of the Loulsvilleand Nashe | are Gr ver Cleveland, William Jennings Bryan *s 1c é Loa a
althis Wasa mountain hamlet, but lend D iB. Wi ith minute you “= . “
road Waa built twelve years ago, the | 4nd David B. Bul, Although prominent Demos | fea) a symptom of sickness—worry about
YHountilit now has Loo inhabi- cratic statesmen ofall shades and varieties of | it~—do sumething about it 2 ‘¢e
*the home of morestar routers thon | pinion, wold advocates, silver advoentes, ex. | y SOMES BO ~weCure yourselt,
town in the Union. Many of che : hee ; moe ' oa When you begin to feel run-down-— when
ty ere have made fortunes by carrying the. | ea ists, antl-expansionists, those favoring | twinge of rheumatism tells you plainly
! Stat nailand they } ® Cont taal { those against trusts, are to be weleomear . ; ;
inte lave contrasts all a oo a a » are tot i gt that your blood is impaired—when you
; othe remarkable ge er j ait t |
isiature will have to mect in the new ; hanes : k , Te t : att that > | are losing tlesh and vitality, go to the
mt ore is no other hail in town | PAs ot Cour a Cock rin in spite of his recent | nearest drug store and get a bottle of Dr
Mndeven itis very } ha |? able povition! utt nees, does not appearon : NR an KE ‘ 4 °
reatly surprised ¢ nae ho | the list of those invited Pierce s Golden Medical Discovery, It
ntown ts to become the vapital | Mt oy is tg, preal in ani tomake the | is the greatest blood purifier and ‘tissue
iporarily. ol re address, ve committee of arrange. i] ‘ res “ur s
ane | ments Includes, in addition to Mr. Sh pard, builder on earth, It cures rheumatism
wakts tu bre | David \. Hoody, Henry Hentz, Herman Metz, | and allother blood diseases by curing the
GUT POR GOEREI, han \\ nenien Zeppey J fwards | Cause, It purifies the blood and puts the
——- | I've Known,” sail one of the eommitteeman | nate y } , lealthy
A Lexington Ex-Confederate Trying to Ore | yesterday, “that there are avast umber ot | blood making organs into good, healthy,
ganize a Company, houest Demoerats who believe in the free coin. | Working order. It tones up the stomach,
LEXINGTON Feb, 1 he. peer ee that there are avast number | stirs up the liver, helps the kidneys in
iE OTON, AV, Feb 1@ firet 1 ’ he dono jut thev are tal: ' bins ; :

; ye Tat KOWN ate | Wh are of wredt ee ttetonanestions | thee work and puts suffering nerves at
temp! to organize a MPAnY of militinto Aght Which are o urea nport to-day Wo are ; oe BE - latat ;
ndak the: haitaraiit Nos ! meeting them as lenders Democratic sent rest, It contair » no whisky, a cohol,

: : ! ! ' POD LE. Castles oment throughout the nae Phere are so opium or other dangerous drugs and

1 Who ibe ed, w # Groebel's Ade many gkestions Upon Which we ean makea _ t 1erefore. cre ¢

stanteGeneral, wae made this attern as | platform that impurtant results ought to follow does not, therefor create a craving for
Capt. Oliver F, Redd of thi HOON SY | this gathering.” Btimulants or narcotics

pt iver . ite 9 Vis eounty, The regular Demoeratic man agers are ap- . : ;

; ’ nAnagers ¢ ies VW. Crampto es ) b

Capt. Redd) saw hard servies in the War parently in symat thy with the Shepardites @ahinenn ¢ ae me q ?, saat ?
of the Rebeilion under Gen, Joe Shelby of Mis. | in the matter Jaines Sheviin, Who isin chief | geasin Baltimore. and had rheumatism for three

a Ha © de epee isa eontr itthe Willoughby strect auetion ro m months. couldn't watk at all I tried the best
souri, ‘ fs so warnyy attached to that | jn the absenceot Hugh MeLaughiin, said doctors T could wet but thes {meno good ¢
commander that he went with him to Mexico | "The object of the dinner, as T understand it, took three hotties of Dr. Plerce's Gol ien Mey
after the war, and intended to remain away fo to pring together Semmogi sa of “ ag rf cal Discovery and it cured me ind. f came
é » rite ate eel we Bucs ny +H nen ho Dave hor to Sha thie id ther bee hree«
trom the United Hrates forever He | pothing against Mr. Bryan personally, but who of alWerent Ne oe ; y silt vit . : ete ts
has been Assessor of this eounty for | differ from him on some points of party policy use Dr Hierce's mecic ch they di and

: erence yr do good! 1 i ? ¥ et
years and knows every man in jt, He ‘ie k 6 rer tee ~ = 4: mr oe 8 ng all were cured. [ have sok! over one hundred
: id avor ce you . ger into delle otth o i medi » by tellin "s
says he thinks he would have no trouble one policy and we cannot have too many such ple ioe i cane on ; Sane ane i et
in recruiting a& company of 100) men to | dinners. saiacipuananliiteaiueniibnaias et, Mr. G. F. Smith, in our town and he will
join Gen. Castleman's soldiers, who would Replace the lacking digestive juices in your stom- el) yes what I did for yon in re ard to eclling
be ready and willing to face death fox the | ach with Johneca’s Digestive Tabletssde, Gad advertising your great rewe
.

   

‘G

ZWERNICKE ELA

 

 
 

GLOBE
A SYSTEM OF UNITS. |
Progressive; expansive.
| Keeping pace with your business.

GLOBE DESKS

are the
BEST DE

     
   

 

state the actual consideration for which the
capital atock Waa issued, the names of the Cpr
} porations or persons to whom debts are owing,
the nature and actual valucof the assets, and a
correct account of the receipts and expenitt-
tures during the year, Such reports shall be
| subjeottothe inspection of the stockholders
and tax officials
These other bills were introduced :
Senator Wilcox=To prevent mistakes in the hand

 

linv of poisons, except patent medioines, by pre
viding they shall not be sold on quantities of leas
thin e bt onnees untess contained tn a form of
oratyleot bottle tobe determined by the

ardof tealth
. {Providing that the Supreme Court
may authorize the Women's Prison Assocation and
Home through its Executive Comittee, to v alt
and iuapect any prison, m formatory or house of de
tention where women are in« asto ty
S nator Armstrong Appropriating 20,000 to
pay the salaries While they wer: awa State em
ployees who served in the Spanish-American War
Senator Willis Providing that all new street sur
face railroad cars shall be equipped with certain

       

   

a

   
 

} Kind of antomatic fender

Seater Davis— Any jating $25,000 to erect a
} Monument in tookivn to the memory of the
} martyrs Who perished in the prison ships in Now

| York barbor during the Revolutionary War, upon
condition thata further aii of $150,000 be secured
froin the Tnited States or other sources,

senator Mitehe l-Providing that whon the sorplas

 

reserve of wlife inauirines compiy. over and ne
the total amount of the policy reserve oF ali out
stauding poliees, shall exceed rer cent of the

 

unt of tisnrance outstand ng, sich excess over
‘percent. shall be distr buted on the first Monday
ot each year to the poltev holders

Mr, Rowera,- Amending the liquortax daw to per
Mitthe opening of saloonsonelecti nm dave wher
only pooperty owner. or taxpayers are votera, ot
Acily election for officers not required by law to be
elected at a general city election

am

 

 

 

 
  

Mr, Post=—Prohibiting pound fishing in Great
Both bay

Mr. Sema—Placing the Commissioner of Sewers
of Brook) argeof the reLefot Newtown Creek
from sewage disposal

Mr. J.B Smith Permitting the Commissioner of
Rireet Clean f New York city torent stable built
in. ra period of ten years forthe use of tis de
pePivent

The Assembly Cities Committee to-day ap-

ointed a sub-committee, comprising Messrs,
trenman, Davis, DeGraw, Trainor and

 

 

McKeown, to meet with a subscommitter of
the Senate Cities Committee for the purpose of
'tinga bill to reorganize the New York city
O0l Administration and to place the pay-
ment of the teachers’ salaries upon a per-
manent basis The Senate sub-committee is
composed of Senators Ford, FE sberg, Marsiia
Db. }. Davis, Ahearn and MeCarren
The hearing on the Fallows bills, carrying
out the recommendations of the Mazet Com.
mittee report and providing for @ commission
to revise the Greater New York Charter, was
postponed to-day by the Assembly Cities Com
mittee uotil next Tuesday afternoon, Another
} amendment to the bill providing for ‘harter
commission is sted me ft ises the
humberof members from eleven to fitteen, so
that several of the city officiais: may be named
a8 members, possibly including Mayor Van
Wyck, Corporation Counsel Whalen and Comp-
troller Coler

 

  

      

  
 

      
  

 

 

   

Insurance Bills Introduced,

Anpany, Feb. 1 Assemblyman C htry
to-!ay introduced four billa recommended by
the State Insurance Department, One bill ree
peals the reciprocal insurance law governing
the admission todo business in this State of
insitrance companies of foreign countriea,

Another substantially brings section &4 of the
insurance law, providing for poliey valuation
| Of life insurance, back tothe basis it had prior
to the amendatory act of 1803, therehy estab.

 

 

 

   

 

lishing in th!s State a statutory vaiuation. The
third bill Jimits mutual fire insurance com-
panies tothe transaction of business in this

State. The other bill amends artide of the
insurance law, which regulates the operation
of assessment insuranee eo rporations by pro-
viding proper proceedings to wind them up
when necessity requires and by increasing the
standard required for ineorporation, Other.
wise the billis substantially the same as one
of last year’

 

Officers of the State Medical Society,

ALBANY. Feb. 1.—The annual meeting of the
State Medical Society was concluded to-day
with the election of Dr. A.M. Phelps of New
York cityas President forthe ensuing year:
Dr, Leo Seymour, Utiea, Vieo-President: Dr
F. ¢’, Curtis of Albany, Secretary, and Dr, O, D
Ball, Albany, Treasurer,

 

 

PHILADILPHIA DOING NOTHING,

 

|
Features of the Lack of Preparation for

the Republican Convention,
Poirapenpitta, Feb, 1.—-It seems that the
sub-committee of the Convention Association
intends to stan! or fall on the question of

| “revognition.” It held a meeting to-day at
| which it decided to pursue the poliey that
has been pursued thus far, that of doing noth-

Ing until after the two Conference Committees
have met, As tothe matter of “recognition” | y
the members of the National Committee, upon
whieh so much stress has been laid, the ehair
man of the sub-committee made publ ea letter
received at noon toeday, he said, from Joseph

 

 

    

 

 

H. Manley, It read
Arausta, Me, Jan. 80, 1000,
Mr, WS. PL Shields, Monut avers’ Club, Pala.
Liptia, Pa
My Dear Mk. Suteyps: Phave your letter of
1 the 20th inst, Many thanks tor it and for your
| kindexplanation. Won't you please wri me
| if they have commenced work on the pullding,
ff eversthing te“ ng all right, and let me
Knowaty time vou think it would be wise
for my Hinittee to meet with you and one or
two others to de Upon the tickets and
hadge It seoms tome that the der of March
Pwould te oamply early, for that w 1 give
| three months, but vou ean tell better than I
j by Seeing those who will probably do the ey
graving and make badges I shall te
very vlad to have this information when J
arrive in Washington, With the best regar

lam, sincerely

; and best wishes to y ;
J, H. Maney

Astothe information that is desired ty M
Manley about the t fing, it mav be said that
pto this time abso utely nothing has been

done, Asa matter inet, the Museum Aas
‘ation has noteven given the necessary sane.
tion forthe use of the building to the Conve
tion Association and the plans for the al
tions have not been acted upon,

Mayor Ashbridge to-day sent a letter to
Chairman Hanna telling him of the aetion that
Was taken at yesterday’s meeting and the
reasons why such actions became necessary
In the letror he made specifle inquiry as te
exactly whit pledges were made by represen.
fatives of Philadelphia and also_ expressed a
desire to know by whom andin what terms tho
pledges were made

   

PROWTBITIONISTS IV A ROW,

Blows Struck in an Erie County Convention
Attempt Made to Oust the Chairman.

Burraro, Feb. 1.—At aconvention feld hore
yesterday the Eriecounty organization of Pro«
hibitionists was disrupted and the party gener-

ly disgraced The members, tneluding seve

a! prominent minists got into a wrangle
wheh resulted biows, The chairman was
expelled and an attempt made totake h m bode

y from the chair

The special County

rder ty Dr. W. Van
the Counts

Convention was called ¢
KR. Blighton, chairman of
y Committee who recently suspended

 

award Owers of Buffalo, the District Organ.
mer. Owers appented to State Chairman J. H
Durkee, His suspension was the fret thi e

   

    

 

     

     

SSeS

HP Hnr ON

cone red. Personalities were jr
and on the convention was ir
Overs was deelared by the ehairns
Aen. A man Who represente t hin
when he had awite, ae fidate fe

nna trised This started a big I
Whieh the Rew s el M. Bailey at \
Henry Ward were heard utintervais. A motion
tooust Owers was tf and Am Nh fie enese
'h eba'rman was 1 Several bot-headed
roh bt tlonists tried r I) Boghton off
the stags ewnset trong forth

Che w » [th \ 1 a |

Iword J i Wi gst . r |
There wer bys lit |
The Rev. Dr Bailey and the Ihr |
rush tothe hallway, and + ! it ie |
veut Was held. burke as elected - |
man ofthis convention ay i nA Sayles was
-ected chitrman of the County Comm }
lor Khiton WAS expelled ty the Ex
Committee and W am BR Sutton sucee
him. Meanwhile, Dr. Bughtonu, almost alone
inthe hall, adjourned the orfginal meer ne
NOTICE OF REAL ESTATE ALOCTION

SALES

tooccur each day are printed in Tar Mornixo
sun. This will meet one of your requirements
U you are interested in Real Estate.—Ade,

4

|

 
  

 

The Silentis

Water Closet.
ni

 

 

}
t+ =
Rami v2
; \
sian ie ;
\ ON

ae

linen a ey
The quietest operating Water Closet

[8

' Uneqgualled from a
Sanitary Standpoint.

THE J. L. MOTT IRON WORKS,
84-90 Beekman St.,

Established 1828, 103 Fifth Avg,

T RR, CONGDON'S STUDIO BURNED,

yet produced

Tapestry Blazed Up and the Flames Spread
Over a Whole Floor,

Tapestry which hung too near a gas jet in
the studio of Thomas R. Congdon, on the top
foorofthe building at 100-108 East Twentye
third started a fire there yesterday
morning whieh resated ina material loss of
£1,000, aod burned up pletures, finished and
unfinished, studies and sketeh-books which
thelrowner valued at much more than thag
sum Mr. Congdon fought vainiv to subdue
the flames for sometime before turning inon
aAarm,andlwhen the tiremen did arrive they

| kept the tire on the top floor,

Mr, Congdon had forty paintings in his 6tue
dio, among thom a portrait of his wife which
Wasexhibite Latthe Paris Salon in T8035, He
Wis particularly grieved because he thought
he had lost this pieture in the thre. When the
fumes had been extinguished he was sure
prised to find that in the excitement he had
carried this portrait, whieh he says he valued

 

street,

 

 

 

  

 
 

more than a Velasquez he owned, down tntoa
dentist's offlee, where it was safe from the
flames,

A. KR. Romes, who had a room on the same
floor, lost a painting called the “Renuneiation
f Buddha,” on which he bad been at work for
two years and for whieh Albert) Darmont,
Sarah Dernhardt’s leading man, bad posed,
WA, Cooper, a photographer, who was make
ing photographie pies of a Washington by
Kembrandt Peale, which is owned by G. TL.
Sanderson of Autres Fortes, Pa, saved the
painting, It is valued at Si5.000,

RIG FIRE IN DAYTON, OHTO,

Wholesale Firms Burned Out With a Lose
of About $700,000,

Dayton, Ohio, Feb. 1.—With the thermos
meter at4 below zerothia morning fire broke
outin the business part of this city and when
itwas brought under control at IL o'clock,
$700,000 f property had been dee

worth of
The flames originated in J, P, Wolf
& Sone’ leaf tobaceo warehouses. Cincinnati,
Columbus and Springtleld were asked for
aid, A high wind swept the flames upon the
Brownell boiler shops, and the wholesale dise
trict Was threatened, The wind carried the
flre into Wolt's second warehouse and thence
to the five-story buildings oecupled by
Senediet & Co., cigars; Revnolds & Rey-
holda, printing and paper. and Bimm & Sons,
Wholesale grocers; the Landis Leaf Tobaeco
Company's tuuding and-asmall saloon, and
then began_on the Harter Medicina Company's
building, The fire leaped across the street to
Nixon & Co’s works and Pinneo & Dnaniels'’s
establishment, which the flremen saved after @
terrific fent. Thomas S. Nedicker, night
watchman, was taken out of a building almost
suffocated, His condition is eritical :

A rough estimate of the losses is: Binm &
Sons, $100,000; Reynolds & Reynolda, $26,0K
Benedict & Co WwW: Wolf & Sons, $125.6
(HWS inneaod | Dantes, S100.0005 Nixon
A Co,, $80,000, and the Harter Medicine Come
pany, FL00,000

stroved

      

 

 

 

TENDERLOIN COP

Police Board to Decide if He Juatly
Arrested Mrs. Monnai for Soliciting.

ON TRIAL,

Policeman Binning of the Tenderloin was
tried yesterday at headquarters on the charga
of having falsely arrested Mrs Eugene Monnat
of 222 West Porty-elghth street on Broadway
for solic.ting on the night of Jan. 23, Commie
sioner Sexton heard the cause. The full board

  

Ww fecide it Mrs, Monnai repeated herstory
tha’ she was Jooking for her husband hen
Binning arrested her, and that. beim ire
sighted, she Was obliged to scan closely the
fucesot the men she passed. Biining produced
AWithess, Who sald that he was ¢ } ianile
seoreturvol the Wage Earners’ Assoeiarion of
Oo Br oawiway, and declared that Mrs Monnal
had solteited tim

| FAT MOTELBEL PER DIES SUDDENT ¥Y.
Boarders’ Valuables in tt
He Only Knew the Co

 

» Safe, of Which
bination,

  
 

Gustay Chappotteau, the proprietor of a hotel
at llo West Twenty-seventh street, died sude

 

 

denly yesterday afternoon He was 48
vents old Weiched about three hundred
ounds Nobodvin the hotel but he knew the
combination the safe, which Was looked ag
the time of his death, J last night some of
the boarders w wondering how to get at

their vasnablh
Going to Mend the Poor Mermaids,

The German of Manhattan and
The Bronx are arranging to have Lorelef
fountain, known as the Heine Monument, at
list street and Motr avenue, In The Bronx,
Which was recent!y mutilated by a vandal, ree
| paired as speedily as possible The Arion
Society has appointed a special committee to
confer with the other societies, with the view
of urging the city to appropriate, as soon as
possible, enough money to restore the parta of

stroyed. It is estimated that

the fountain

socjetias

  

 

it Will take $2,000 to repair the damag

NTIAPee veer Horeoren NoreneNOponT
= Can eat

A

since she left off coffee

A and uses
- Postum Food

Coffee.
TU MNNUAN Ath eAb idk ua A Abb did DALAL

_'' Coffee caused dull headaches and dize
7iness, With steady indigestion, until I
discovered the reason of the trouble, and
this was proven by leaving off coffee and
taking Postum Food Coffee. The dizzie
ness, headache and indigestion have ene
tirely disappeared,

“My mother, Mrs, Burlingame, Kenile
worth, 0., was a great sulferer from
stomach trouble and indigestion for many
years, She had to live on a very ree
stricted diet, until during the past winter
she gave up coffee and began using
Postum Food Coffee every day, It is
now three months since she made the
change, and she is so much improved she
ean eat nearly any kind of food. It is
evidence to us that the cotlee caused the
trouble and that the Postum Food Coflee
helped to build her back into health and

Strength.’ Mrs, J. M. G EF
fate ! ould, W, Farm

dababd daa sdidas

au

07

dbbaas