x

 
 

WCLELLAND ROW SIMMERS.

THE RROOKLYN PRESBYTERY HAS
REACHED NO CONCLUSION,

Curtia and Other Witnesses Under
Sing “Bleat He the Tie That
Binds’? Mr, Hicks Frees His Mind~Mac-
Cletiand’s Friends Think He'll Win,

In an upper room of the Bedford Presby-
terian Church, Brooklyn, all yesterday after-
noon sat aix women and two men, They were
the witnesses called by the Brooklyn lresby-
tery to testify in the case of tho Rev.
4. L. MacClelland, who was on trial before the
Presbytery in the body of the church
below on charges of having spoken un-
trathfully, of having practised deceit, of
having heen dishonest in business
transactions and of having sought to disrupt
and seandalize achureh. In the upper room,

Miss
(auard

In the = corner. on a lounge sat
Miss Curtis, the young woman who
has been called to testify as to Mr.

MacClelland’s alleged deceitfulness; she is the
young woman to whom the Rev. MacCleliand
ia said to have paid an undue amount of atten-
tion for one who knew in his own heart all the
time that he was engaged to another girl.
About Miss Clark in a semi circle sat the
other five women, Among them Mrs.
Benjamin F. stephens was the chief. Mrs,
Rtephens was the patron of the Flatbush church
of which the Kev. Mr. MacClelland was the
pastor wntil the clreumatances leading up to
this trial developed, Mrs. Stephens {s the
adopted daughter of Van Wyck Wickes of
Rrooklyn. The MacClelland factions say
that she disliked Mr. MacCleliand because
he did not want the price of pew rents raised,
and beeause Mrs. MacClelland insisted in
having in her Sunday-schoo! class certain
young women who were not on terms of social
equality with Mra. Stephens’s daughter, who
was also inthe class, and, finally, because Mr,
MacClelland disputed the authority over the
religious exercises of the church which the
trustess of the church, “Mrs, Stephens’s
friends,” tried toexert. With Mrs, Stephens
were Mrs. Howard, Miss Curtis's aunt, with
whom the young woman lives, Mrs, Hawk-
hurst, another of her friends, and Mra. Burr of

Gloversville. The two men who paced the
floor in front of the semicircle of
women were Benjamin I’. Stephens and

J. B. Hicks, one of the trustees of the
Flatbush church and Mrs, Stephens’s mouth-
piece. The object of allof them was to protect
Mias Curtis from the inquisitive friends and
spies of the Rev. Mr, MacClelland, who might
try to find out what testimony the young
woman was going to offerto the Presbytery
with regard to the minister's attentions to her,
They sat for the most part in watchful
silence. When they anoke to Misa Curtis they
ealled her “MissSmith” and thea they winked at
each other with solemnity and were silent some
more. There were hymn-bcoks scattered
about the room and atthe renuent of one of the
women the men passed themaround, Theyall
sang with mild enthusiasm:
Blest he the tie that binds
Our hearts in Christian love,
The fellowship of kindred minds
Is like to that above,

From time to time Mr. Hicks went down the
winding stair tothe floor on which the Pres-
bytery was meeting and listened at the door.
His emotion might be read upon his face as he

listened. Once or twice, raising himself from
his listening posture, he gave voice to his
feolings.

“That is Carson
referred to the Rey.

talking now,” hesaid. He
Dr, Carson, who was a

member of the first committee of Pres-
bytery sent to the Flatbush church = to
advise with it in its tribulations. He

was at first disposed to take sides against the
Rev. Mr. MacClelland, but of late has been
inclined to let the accused minister go
in peace, “That is Carson,” said) Mr.
Hicks, “he is the man who advised MacClelland
to get out of the Flatbush church within three
daya, between Friday and Monday, and to stay
not upon the order of his going. Now he has
changed sides. He has got just one idea: he
wants to bo the Henry Ward Beecher of Brook-
Ivn,”

Mr. Hick’s drew his overcoat about him and
drew himself up to show his coneeption of the

shysical attitude of the man who aspired to be
Mie lelland, the Henry Ward Beecher of Brook-
lyn. He reascended the winding stair and
rejoined the body yard of Miss Curtis (tempo-
rarily known as Miss Smith). The sexton, act-
ing a6 Sergeant-r.t-Arms, weot in and told

Presbytery that Mr. Hicks was_ telling
the reporters ‘hat the Key. Mr, Car-
kon Was trying to be the Henry Ward

Beecher of Brookiyn. Presbytery by a unani-
mous vote decided that all persons who were
not witnesses were excused from staying in
the building longer. Mr. Hicks was not dis-
turbed,

“Lam known as the star witness of the pros-
ecution,” he said, “and that white whiskered
man over there’”’—pointing to one who had not

ingled with Mrs. Stephens and her friends,
Vr Su Bois, the former clerk of the session of
the Flatbush church--“that man is known ag
the chief disturber of the Presbytery of Brook-
lyn.

On their way_out the reporters asken Mr,
Du Bois who Mr, Hicks was. The old man
ehuckled. . ;

“He's just Hicks,” he said and laughed as if
the answer meant a great deal to him.

Meantime in_the ehurch the debate on the
trial of Mr. MacClelland was making slow
progress. The Rev, Dr. Carson introduced
a resolution to the effect that whereas the
case agninet Mr. MacClellant had already
been adjudicated in large part, and such of It
as had not been the subject of adjudication

was easily to be explained, the charges
he dismissed, The resolution was opposed
by the Rev, Dr. Hutchins, the — Rev,
Dr. Junor, Mr, Roy, the legal adviser

of the com mittee, the Rey, Dr. Clarke, and tha
Rev. Mr. Moment who brought the charges
against the Rev. Mr. McClelland to the at-
tention of the Presbytery and who ts now the
pastor of the Flatbush church ata salary
of $5,000 a year. The Key, Dr. Carson made
an address counselling Moderation on the part
of everybody and reminding his brethren that
the Jast time a minister was tried for un-
truthfulness in Brooklyn the Presbyvory did hot
recover for five years, At the end of this speech
some of Mr. MacCleiland’s. friends thought
that the charges were going to be dis-
missed right away, But another friend of Mr,
MacClelland, in their judgment, wrecked their
hopes by making covert allusions to the un-
mentioned motives that he intimated wera
moving the prineipal advocates of the prosecu-
tion of MeClelland to their activity. The
Kev. Mr. Junor and the others of the opposition

erose, and, asa Witness said afterwards,
“fought like wolves.” The Rev. Mr, Junor
became so much agitated, that the_ Rey,

Mr, Campbell, who sat near him, reached over
and pulled him down by the coattails, saying
earnestly, “Oh, brother, brother, sitdown!l’ A
large number of l’resbyters called for the ques-

tion. The Rev. Mr. Foote rose to say that
while the Rev. Dr. Junor seemed to think ho
had a monopoly of all the information

in existence about the MacClelland case, he
himself was not unacquainted with the cause

at issue. He had been a member of the
first commission sent to tho chureh to
advise with it. before that commiasion

reported, Dr. Foote said, he had taken all the
evidence to one of the greatest lawyers in the
United States and certainly the ableat law-
yer in Brooklyn, That lawyer, after a
vareful examination of the testimony, had
advised that the case be dropped, because the
charges in themselves were of a sort it was
almost impossible to prove, and that the speel-
Neations under the charges were fri olous.
_Amid almost continuous calls for the ques-
tion, the debate was earried on until nearly
Toclock. The witnesses were excused some
time before that, The question did not reach

    
 

a vote, The gase will go on at the Duryea
Chape! at Cledmont. and Atlantic avenues on
Monday evening atT*s o'clock

Thero were four charges agninst the Rey,
Mr. MaeCheliand. The speeiteation under
the first. that of untruthtulness, was that
he did) not tell the trut ibout the
amount of salary he had received before

he came to Brooklyn, By representing
that his salary was $1,th when tt had teen

only $1,400, he had induved the Flatbush
church, it. was alleged, to. give him a
salary of $1,800, The second charge, that

of practising deceit, is based upon his alleged
attentions to Miss Curtis in Gloversville in
1807, when he was engaged to tho present
Mrs. MaeCleiland, and Miss Curtis was
also engaged, The third is that of dis-
honesty in business transactions. This charge
ja supported by a speecitication that the minis.
ter pretended to have received more tora piece
of rea! estate that he sold in Gloveraville than
he really received,

A friend of Mr, MaeClelland said last
evening that the ‘*ansaction referred to
in this specifleatiuog was as follows
When the miuister lett Gloversville
he had accepted in part payment of
his salary the deed of a“

lot then valued at 825. Sinee then, the price
of the Jota of which that was one, had risen to
$5, Mr. Mactlelland was anxious recently to
realize on the property and offered! to sail
it for $75. The owners of the nearby lotsa
objected tothe sale of the lot atthe price on
the ground tha: the value of the neighbering
Property would thereby be depreviated. He

 

i SSS
ee SS ne

waa asked to make the nominal consideration
intho transfer papers $85. Hoe did so, and
thereby hangs the charge that he was dishon-
estin bis business relations,

The MacCleliand faction ‘in the Presbytery
are inclined to place much of the responal-
bility for the disturbance in the chureh in Fiate
bush, known as the Emanuel Church, on the
shoulders of the Nev, Mr. Moment, who is now
ite pastor, Whey intimate that his activity
in calling on the Presbytery to investigate the
case of the Kev. Mr. MacLelland was not
altogether disinterested, They are parti.
cularly wroth becuuse. at yesterday's meeting
of the Presbytery Mr. Moment was the
only person who made anv referenes to the
Anonymous letter in the case, This was a

seurriious letter to Mrs. Stephens Mr.
Du Bots, whom Mr. Hicks deseribed as
the Great Disturber, was firat aceused of

having sentit, The post ofMlce inspectors in
whose charge the inatter was put, exonerated
Mr. DuBois, Then Mrs. Stephens aceused a
woman connected withthechurch Thataceu-
sation was also withdrawn, Tho last person to
be accused was the Rev. Mr. MaeClelland. The
evidence against him was so uncertain
reference to it was put in the charges: under
whigh he ia now being tried, To bring in men-
tion Of the letter at the trial was, under the
circumstances, tho minister's friends said,
brutal and unfair

The Jast word of the star witness for the

Prosecution as he departed from the Bedford |

that the Rev. Dr
alleged aspirations,
MaeClelland = bad

Church yesterday was
Carson, he of the
knew very well “that
sald to the first committee that he
heard within twenty-four hours after he
Flatbush that B. FP, Stephens wae 4 rascal and
that Stephens got after MacCletiand and made
him take it back in front of the com-
mittee, and that he himeelf, Carson, said
at the time that the whole wroceedin
was the most scandalous he ever heard o
in Brooklyn, but now that he's got that
Beecher idea well

outand make the world surprised that some
people have the effrontery to go abroad in the
public streets.”

All that the Rev. Mr, MacClelland is flahting

for 1s a chance to get an honorable
dismissal from the Brooklyn VPreabytery
to the Preshytery of Albany, His ex-

planation that the version of his famous
sermon on his own qualifications to be a ruler
ofmen exhibited by Mrs. Stephens was made
i) two stenographers hired ani “egged on” by
Mrs. tStephens, has satisfied his Albany ad-
mirers that he never delivered any such sere
moon,

MRS. MARY T, LEITER'S SUIT,

Counter Charges Filed by the Washington
Street Railroad Syndicate.

Wasninutox, Feb, l-The Metropolitan
Street Kailroad Company to-day filed an
answer to the allegations against its oMfcers
made by Mrs, Mary 1. Leiter, wife of L.Z.Leiter,
The Metropolitan Company operates two im-
portant electric lines and was recently at sorbed
by the Washington Traction and Electric Com-
pany, a syndicate organized largely by New
York capitalists. Mrs. Leiter held securities in
the Metropolitan valued at about ninety thous
and dollars. She charged that under the new
management the Metropolitan road was mis-
managed, that the smaller roads were being
upheld by the greater ones of the syndicato
and that the securities of the Metropolitan
road had depreciated, The substance of the
defendant's reply is a general denial. It has
particular interest, however, because of coun
ter charges against Mrs. Leiter

It is recited that Mrs, Leiter owng only 270
shares of stock in the Metropolitan road and
certificates of indebtedness to the amount of
$27,000. Tho answer then says that in the
latter part of May, IN), representatives of the

ayndicate offered Mrs, Leiter $2380 per share
for her holdings; that she refused to dispose
of the stock, and on a renewal of the offer
asked for $240 per share; that the demand
was then increased to = $250; that
at this stage negotiations wore suspended by
the company. Nothing was then done until
counsel for Mra, Letter called on President
Trues tell of the syndicate, exhibited a copy of
the plaintiff's declaration in this action, and

 

signified that suit would not be begun for a-

wriod of ten days, during which time Mrs,
Poltor’a representative might be aren,
Further negotiations ensned, but as Mrs,
Leiter advanced the price of her stock until it
reached over $400 per Share, the offer to pur-
chase was withdrawn. On this basie the de-
fendaot officers of the Metropolitan company
charge:

*That the complainant declined to accept the
offer of said Stevens of $280, not because she
desfred to hold and retain said stock as a per-
manent investment, as alleged in the cvom-
plaint, or for the reasons, or any of them,
therein alleged, butin order to promote her
own private interests as aminority stock holder
in said company, and for the purpose of involy-
ing the said railroad company in vexatiouamnd
unfounded litigation, and thereby to com; el
the purchase of her said shares at an exorbl-
tant price therefore by the majority stock-
holders.” ;

Mrs. Leiter's allegations are then resiewed in
order,and toallofthe charges whicharematerial
to her contentions the company makes denial,
The defendants submit tothe court that their
action in relation to certain loans and sevcuri-
ties was judicious aud wise, but agree, should
the court be of contrary opinion, to call in said
loans by the return of 207 bonds of the Metro-

olitan company and the repayment of $70,000
Paned from the Metropolitan company’s bank
balance to the Suburban companies.

GEN, LUDLOW WILL NOT APPEAR,

Considers the Proceedings Against Him in

the Havana Court Farcical,

Special Cable Despatch to Tur Sux
Havana, Feo. 1.—The Judge of the Cathedral
district to-day sent a summons to Gen. Ludlow
ordering him to appear to answer the charge
made against him by Senor San Miguel, editor
of La Lucha, The Judge alao visited Gen,
Ludlow, who reiterated the charges made by
him in a letter toa New York newspaper. Gen.
Ludlow formally acknowledged the receipt of

the summons, but he will not appear in
court, he considering tho whole process
farcical.

Senor Tamayo, Secretary of State, has or-
dered that a municipal census be taken. Senor
Capote, a former Secretary, ordered a count of
the city’s inhabitants, but it was stopped pend-
ing the taking of the census under American
direction, as it was considered that the taking
of two counts atthe same time would result in
confusion, The purpose of the present census
is to obtain lista of the men who aro entitled
under Spanish law to vote in the municipal
elections

Governor-General Wood is expected to re-
turn to Havana on Monday, He was at Puerto
Principe to-day, and will visit Nuevitas on
Saturday.

NEW ROYAL YACHT UNSEAWORTHY,

 

First Lord of the Admiralty Admits That a
Mistake Was Made in the Design,
Special Cable Deanatch to Tar sus,
Loxpoy, Feb, 1.—In the House of Commons
to-day the Hon, G. J. Goshen, First Lord of
the Admiralty, acknowledged that a mistake
had been made in the design for the new royal
yacht Victoria and Albert, He said that Chief
Naval Constructor Sir William Henry White

was unable to account for the mistake.

The Victoria and Albert is said to be top.
heavy and unseaworthy. When an attempt
waa made to undoek her at Pembroke on Dee,
3, she listed thirty degrees to port and saua-
tained considerable damage. Further tests
showed decided evidence of instabliity.

 

 

S4MOAN NATIVES QUIET,

Conditions More Favorable Than at Any
Time Since the Recent Trouble,
Special Cable Despatch to Van Bre,

AuCKLAND, N. Z., Feb, 1.—Apia, Samoa, ad-
vices of Jan, 24 state that the natives area more
vettled than at any time since the commence-
ment of the disturbances

Price of Tron Advanced in England,
Special Cable Despate » Tar Sts

Lonpox, Fob. 1.—The Staffordshire lron
Works Company has advanced the price of iron
ten shillings per ton

Denths in Jail and a Saloon,

Parker, “7 years old, dled in the
street jail, Brooklyn, of epilepay,
He was arrested in Gates avenue
onJan, 24, charged with vagrancy and was
committed by Magistrate Worth

William Grabam, $4 years old, of 14 Court
street, Brooklyn, wae found dead in @ ehalr in
the room in the rear of the saloon at 211
Sackett street last night. Death was due to
heart disease

John J,

Rarmond
last night.

   

Halifax With

Broken,

Hacurax, N.S., Feb. 1.— The oil tank steamer
Deutschland, Capi. Schierharat, arrived this
aiternoon from New York with her propeller
Slades broken. She left New York four days
ago and encountered heavy gales and head
seas, Lhe propeller race: badly and two of the
bia#. Were broken. New biades will be putin
» 2 The steamer will probably leave in two
Ave.

DentachIand at Propeller

     

hatho |

 

anyway, Just let averbody |
waitand the truth about this case will come |

’ Christians,

THE
\VOCATES MEET.

——— ee

PRESIDENT TO INTERPOSE
IN SOUTH AFRICAN WAR,

PEACE AI

Sav United States In the Only Country That
Can Undertake the Delicate Task With
Hope of  Success-Peace Convention
Warrants Such @ Step, They Declare,

There was a peace moeting at Carnegie Hall
last night, the object of Which was to listen to
4peeches in favor of friendly intervention by
this Government in the wariu South Afrjca
and the passage of resolutions calling on tho
President to take action at once, Preparations
for a large crowd had been made, but the audi-
torlum waa only half filled. The audience,
however, was enthusiastic, and, after cheering
the speakers almost incessantly for over two
hours, adopted the resolutions offered unani-
mouasly

The Rev. George C. Moughton of the Chureh
ofthe Transfiguration was to have presided
but was unable to be present, and the Rev, J,
BR. Remensnyder took his place, In tutrodue-
ing the chairman, Mr. George W. Van Siclen
suid:

“In the old Dutch churches thera used to be
aleyman whose duty was to set the piteh for
thetunes, Hewas called the 'Voorsanger.’ T
am the ‘Voorsanger’ to-night, and would that I
had the power, my friends, to bring all my
fellow Americans to that sympathetic condition,
that you might respond to the message of
unhappiness and sorrow that is coming to us
from the widows and the orphans of both sides,
Great Britain andthe South African Republic,
The United States isa Christian nation, The
South African Republic is a Christian nation,
Great Britain is a Christian nation. Let
us urge these Christian combatants to
go to thelr tenta and cease firing. Let us,
urge the President of this, our
‘ountry, to intervene, as he properly may, un-
@ rthe Peace Convention of The Hague, which
Great Britain has signe} since this war began,
and offer our good services of mediation and
arbitration,

“It is tot necesaary,as the President has
said in his message, and aa so mang claim, that
wo should waitto have either or both of the
contending powers intimate a desire for
intervention and arbitration, The language
of the third article of that Peace Cone
vention shows us that, Not a word here
ot awaiting an intimation from the con-
tending parties. That would never come. The
Peace Convention is wiser than that. It pro-
poses a method bv which one Christian nation
may intervene without offence and offer its
good serviceseven while hostilities are pond-
ing.”

Mr. Van Siclenthen introduced Dr, Remen-
«nyder, who said, in part

“Whaturethe reasona favoring war as the
arbiter between Great Brita n and the Boers?
Thechief one is that force settles a question

right. The second is selfishness, We are
the bigger and we ean erush our little foe—
a cowardly reason that sometiines comes to
arief, when the glant is trapped by the pigmy.
A tard reason isxwlory. Followthe flag. But
there is something greater than a nation’s
flag—God, conscience, the flag of truth that

waves over all nations

“But whotare the reasons for arbitration?
It substitutes reason for passion—justice for
force
hood of men. It prevents the awful carnage of
war, quenches ferocity and hate and waves
over people the gentle banner of peace

‘Aud Should not, then, Christian people
practise What they profess in theory? And
should we not, then, take the Initiative to
mediate for the cessation of this shocking con-
fliet? No, it isimpolitic, says one, it will dis-
please our great friend, England, But there ts
such a thing as being over-politic. It is safest
for nations, asanen, to do right,

“Letusthen, in the name of the American
people, in the name of the spirit and Church of
Christ, inthe name of the humanities of our

age, cal) upou our Government to interpose
its friendiv offlees, and. this, our multi
tudinous ¢all, is echoed by the shrieks

of agony on South African battlefields, and by
the moans of widows and orphans, And as this
mighty call reaches our honored President,
should he propose and secure arbitration, the
act would shine in the whitest light of any in
American history.”

Robert b. Roosevelt sald:

“What istocome out of this war, what can
be gained, by any conelusion which ean be
suggested? Shallthe English be defeated and
as a consequence driven wholly from South
Africa? What will the world gain by that?
The British prestige in Europe is gone, not to
be reeovered by any possible defeat of a
little republic, capable of putting not
more than 50,000 men in the fleld all
told. Suppose, on the other hand,
the Boers are overcome, which ean only be
afterthe better part of their fighting men have
been destroyed, who is to gain from the suffer-
ingsofthe men, from the tears of their wives
anddaughters’ Andthenlaok at the possible
result—a rising of the million savages, the
Kaftirs, Zulus and Basutos, against a divided
white population, half of whom are rendered
powerless for defence. Humanity would not

ain by such a result, and the bitter hatreds
eft by the war, ifended without that horrible
consequence, Would be a heritage that no
nation that had any regard for ite future
would eareto accept. No. England has mace
afeurful mistake, The English Government,
our friend if you please to eall it so, has
blundered

“It is our duty to help both sides: to stand as
the friend of both, as indeed we are; forif the
English in their hearts do not like us, they
like us about as well as they do any foreign
nation, and respect us infinitely — more,
How can we help the Boers by iusultiag Britain
or by antagonizing her? To-day. President
Kroger longs forpeace, Thetime haa proba-
biy not yet come when it can be brought about,
but that time may come and come soon, the
sooner the better, Letus be ready to take ad-
vantage ofit

The Rey. Charles Fk. Jefferson of the Broad-
way Tabernacle said that he didn't come tothe
meeting to denounce orto argue, but simply
toexpress his convietion that the American
Republic owes Itto itselfand to tha world, to
do everything in its power to end the wartn
South Africa,

“There are those who tell us that we have nu
right tointerfera beeause of the Monroe doc-
trine. A few months ago, when it became
necessary forus to sink an enemy's fleet, we
shet cannon balls through the Monroe doe-
trine without doing that venerable policy any
pereeptible damage.

"It eannot be counted @ hazardous or im-
pudent thing.” said Dr, Jefferson, “fora Chriss
tian President. representative of a Christian
nation, to say toa Christian Queen and tothe
head of a Christian republic: “Come, let us
reason together and see if some honorable way
may pot be discovered outof this costly and
calamitous dispute

“Uniess some outside nation interferes the
war is eertain to go on to ita distant and bloody
end. The Boes are not golue to surrender
untilthe last regiment has been annihilated,
They are fighting for their all, and they will
fight to the death England is equally de-
termined,

“Oursis the only nation that can have the
slightest expectation of offering successful
mediation. Wealone of all the nations of the
earth can get England's ear, We are recreant
toourduty if we donot attempt todo it.”

Rabbi H. Perevia Mendes made a bitter at-
tack on the pro-Boer meeting of last Monday
night. He said the exhibition of exultation
over the terrible loss of life in South Africa
given at that gathering, and the stirring up of
a hatred against England was f blot on elvil-

ization and Christianity, Ilo had read,
he said, that one man, a Representative,
had declared that at the begiuning

ofthe war he had prayed thatthe price of crepe
in England would go up. The only thing that
this nan could possibly be representative of,
anid Rabbt SE ey was heartlesseruelty, Dr
Mendes called on all) Christian. ministers
preaent to preach the doctrines of universal
pence and brotherly love in their churches, and
endet his remarksas follows:

"Tt does no good to call England a lands
rabber. America is grabbing the Philippines,
tdoes no good to eal) the Boers narrow in
theic views of citizenship, Amertea shuts out
the Chinese. No nation can safely point the
flngeratanother to-day, No nation ean say to
another, ‘Stand aside, am bolier than
thou!’ But all ean turn their backs.on the
pastand begin a new and mighty effort to
show that they are loving children of Him
who, Mosea declares, ‘loveth the peoples,’ ”’

The Rev. Joseph I. Duryee of Grace Rea.
formed Dutch Chureh said :

"My appeal to-night i4 to citizens of the
United States who are willing to meet the op.

for

portunities that this wonderful age opens
to them, The war is @ matter of
personal interest to each of you here,

and whilethe quarre! isootours, the jesue, in a
true, deep sense, does affectus, It may cost
us something toovereome evil with @ vod, but
it is nottoo much, if thereby desolate homes
are prevented, and our brothers and sisters
saved long agony,

“Are we attempting the impossible’ Yes,
from the human point of view, But history
provesthattime and again that whieh is ime
possible with men is possible with the Power
above men, and those who work with heart
and strength in symoathy and harmony with
the Ciod of peace, sometimes attain the im-

ossible,”
, George G. Mercer of Philadelphia said that
the ona man in England responsible for the
war in South Africa should be sent at once into
political oblivion, with the brand of Cain on
his forehead.

The meeting closed with the passage of a
resolution? calling on the President of the
United States to tender the good officas of this
eountry jo an effort to bring about a cessation
of hostilities
Britain.

 

SUN,

It recognizes the rights and brother--

between the Boers and Coons |

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY

CANADA'S LOYALTY,

 

Lord Minto Expresses the Queen's Thanks
tv the Dominion Government.

Ortawa, Ont., Feb. 1,—The Domirton Parlta-
ment was opened by Lord Minto to-day, Re
forring tothe war the Governor-General sald:

“Hostilities having unfortunately broken out
during the recess between Great Britain and
theSouth African Republic, It appeared to my
Ministers expedignt to anticipate the action of
Parliament by equipping and forwarding two
contingents of volunteers to the seat of wer as
a practical evidence of the profound devotion
and loyalty of the entire people of Canada to
the sovereign and inatitutions of the British
Empire. In this connection it is a matter of
pride and gratification to the people of this

Dominion that in addition to the contingents
sent by the Government, another Canadian
force is belng or@anized and despatched at the
personal expense of the High Commissionor of
Canada, This generous and patriotic action
upon the part of Lord Strathcona reflects high
honor on him anden the Dominion he repre-
sents

“Thave been instructed to convey to you her
Majesty's high appreciation of the loyalty and
patriotism thus displayed, which, following
the preference granted underthe present tariff
to articles of British manufacture, has had tho
happiest effect in cementing and intensifying
the cordial relations subsisting between
Canada and the mother country. A bill will be
submitted for your approval making provision
for the cost of equipping and paying the
Canadian contingents.”

Keference was also made to the continued
yrosperity of the Dominion and the remarka-
le increase in the general volume of the
revenue and trade of the country, to negotia-
tions for increasing trade with the West Indies
and South America, and to the large increase
in immigration,

Rererring to the canal ayatem he said: “The
vigorous and successful prosecution of these
works by my Governmenthas already attracted
the attention of those interested in Western
transportation, and there are good grounds for
the hope that, when the necessary facilities for
the quick and inexpensive handling of ocean
traffic are provided and which are now in
progress, Canadian ports will controla much
larger share of the trafle of the West.”

\fter the usual formalities an unprecedented
circumstance oveurred in. the proceedings,
when the Premier made the formal motion
regarding the address in reply to the speech
fromthe throne. Mr, Bourassa, member for
Labelle, Que., rose and objected to the motion
passing until the full correspondence between
the Imperial authorities and the Canadian
Government in regard to Canada’s participa.
tion in the Tranavaal war had been laid upon
the table of the House. Sir Wilfrid Laurier
stated that to postpone the consideration of
the speech from the throne was eontrary to all
tradition of this Pariiament, but in order to
afford the fullest range to the consideration of
tha subject he would consent to an adjourns
inent of the House until Monday next,

Bourassa is the Freneh-Canadian member
who resigned his seat in protest against the
Government's action in sending Canadian
troops to South Africa, He was reélected by
acclamation and isa supporter of the Govern-
ment but opposed to ite war policy.

Achanwe has been made in the fleld arma-
ment of the Stratheona contingent by which,
instead of the three galloping guns of the
Maxim-Colt pattern, there will be instead, sup-
piled from London, three Maxim tripod guns,
such as are carried with most of the British
eavalry regiments, The War Office will supply
these, but the ammunition. wagons to accom-
pany them will be manufactured in Ottawa.
The change was made at the suggestion of the
War Office, who say that the galloping guns
would be of no use in Natal, and only in certain
paris of the Orange Free State and the Trans-
vaul.

GERMAN CHARITY BALI.

Great Crowd of Dancers at the Metropolt
tan Opera House,

At the Metropolitan Opera House last night
the grand march that opened the tenth an-
nual German Charity Ball began at 11 o'clock,
By midnight the floor was crowded with
dancers. The grand march was led by
the Arrangement Committee consisting of
Oswald Ottendorfer, Honorary President;
Robert. C, Kammerer, President; Hubert
Cillis, Treasurer; Fred EF, A. ‘Treuleben,
Revording Secretary, and Charles J, Gunther,
Corresponding Secretary, and Frank Brickel-

maier, Harry Eschwege, Charles O8-
ter, HH. G, Friedmann, . Joseph — Halk,
Martin H, Hartmann, Herbert Hindes,

Richard F. Krackowizer, Willlam FP. Rudolphy,
A. Wiinnenberg, Kimil. Ams, Dr, Alfred
Bartels, George H. — Diehl, . Jr, — Frank
Fechteler, Charles J, Gunther, Dr,  G,
Lindenmeyr, Louis LK. Neuman, Jr.
Julius Rohe, Charles F, Vollmer, A. P. Win-
dolph, Gustay J, Fox, Charles L. Georgi, Max
FE. Jantzen, C. T, Klein, Joseph M. Ohmeis,
Frederick Schmidt, Frederick W. Schroeder,
Edward C, Sommer, Frauk Thorn and F, F. A.
Treuleben.

The ball was opened by Robert C. Kammerer
and Mrs. William Forster. A.B. Windoiph was
floor manager. The dancing floor was built
over the seats of the orchestra and extended
to the rear of the stage. There were no
floral decorations. The box holders included
Emil L, Boas, Oswald Ottendorfer, Herman
Ridder, Adam Weberand Peter Doelger.. Mr,
and Mrs. Henry M, Flagler were guesteof Mr,
and Mrs. Adam Weber. Abraham Gruber and
John F. Carroll were among the onlookers,

A WELCOME TO COCKRAN,

Indiana Deinocrats Would Gladly Drop the
Silver Issue.

INDIANAPOLIS, Feb, 1.—Chairman Martin of
the Democratic State Central Committee made
a significant speech before the Democratic
Fditorial Association to-day, He declared that
the Democratic party should not camp on the
battleflelds of the past, and indicated that the
issue of free silver would have no place in the
coming campaign.

“What Democrat,” he asked, “who cherishes
his eountry more than” personal ambition
would regret to learn that the giant strength
of Bourke Cockran was enlisted under the
leadership of Mr. Bryan to fight imperialism ’
What boots it to us if he comes, despite our
views on other questions, and reserves the
right to oppose us when these questions shall
poom fo him the most urgent ones of the

our ?”

The whole address indicated that free coin-
age is to be abandoned by the Indiana Demo-
crats in the coming campaign

 

PENNSYLVANIA R, BR, MAN ON B, & O,

S. M, Prevost Elected o Director in Place of
Gen. Fitzgerald, Who Resigned.

Sutherland M. Prevost, a director and third
vice-president of the Pennsylvania Railroad
Company, was elected a director ot the Balti-

more and Ohio Railroad Company at a mesting
inthis eity yesterday. He takes the place on
the board of Gen, Louis Fitzgerald, resigned.
Tt has been understood for some time_in Wall
street that interests identified with the Penn-
sylvania Railroad Company owned. a larae
amount of the preferred stock of the Baltimore
and Ohio company, though, of course, not con-
trolling the company,

Poirapenpura, Pa, Feb. 1.—The Pennayl-
vania is to have further representation on the
Board of Directors of the B, and O., one surely
and possibiy two. Pennsylvania is in posaes-
sion of 100,000 shares of B. and 0. preferred
stock for which nearly $10,000,000 was paid.
Pennsylvania has also secured a large block of
Chesapeake and Ohio stock, and it was eaid
to-night that Mr. Prevost would go on the
Board of Directors of that road.

SUICIDE IN MOUNT SINAI HOSPITAL,

Broker Fatmenr, Whose Father Was One of
Its Founders, Shoots Hi meelf.

Simon Fatman, a brother of the superinten-
dent of Mount Sinai Hospital, committed
suicide yesterday afternoon in a room inthe

hospital by shooting himself in the head. Fat-
man was 4 cotton broker, and thad an offices at

72 Beaver street. He lived at 205 West 107th
street, His father waa one of the founders of
Mount Sinai Hospital,

Fatman, according to Dr. Louis Bodine,
house surgeon at the hospital, called there
yesterday afternoon to see his brother. They
metin the reception room, but Simon eom-
platned of not feeling very well. His brother
took him upstairs to the superintendent's
room, and left him there after advising him to
try to take anap. In the adjoining room the
senior medical doctor, Dr, Israel 8. Strauss,
was sleeping. A few minutes after Simon Fat
man had been left alone Dr. Strauss heard the
report of a pistol and found Fatinan dying.
He was lying on the floor,opposite a big mirror.
There was a builet wound in the back of his
head ant a heavy revolver beside the body
The revolver was anew one. Pinned to a small
cushion on the bureauin the room was a small
rece of paper on which was written a message
n peneil to the effect that nobody in particular
was responsible forthe suicide,

Fatman died immediately after being found.
At his home it was said last night that his wife
eould not imagine what had the
suicide

caused

Actress Kills Herself in Despair.

Dora Nablauch, an actress in burlesque com-

panies, killed herself by awallowing carbolic
acid yesterday afternoon at 248% West Twenty-
eighth street, Where ahe had been living with
her sister. [twas said that she had been des-
pondent over her failure to secure an enwage-
ment latterly. She was 2 years old,

 

Molineux Trial Adjourned to Monday.

Recorder Gott told eleven of the Molineux
jurors when his court opened yesterday that In
all human probability, Manheim Brown the
sick juror, would be able to sit on Monday.
Until that date he excused the jury,

 
  

j eee, news information ia not to ve found

2, 1900,

 
 

   

 

$3616) F . PICTURES.

BPPECT OF THE CLARKE SALE SEEN
4T THE EVANS AUCTION.

 

Inness's “Georgia Pines,’ Which the
Painter Called His Best Work, Goes
to R. D. Evans for $5,900-A Marine
by Winslow Homer Brings 64,000.

The second night's sale at Chickering Hall
of the paintings by American artists collected
by William T. Evans was more interysting
than that of the first evening, and brought
more money, although in the lot of pictures
sold last evening thera were many of the
smallest importance, some selling for less than
$100, which brought down the average price.
In all ninety paintings were sold for $50,105,
Thirteen of them went at above $1,000 each.

The top price was paid for Inness’s lovely
“Georgia Pines, Afternoon, 1886," which Kh. DP
Evans bought for $5.00, Itis the painting
which, according to records from which the
vatalogue was compiled, inness said, when he

wave it to his wife, was his beat
work It was bid up from $1,000,
Next to it in price camo Winslow Homer's

“Weather-beaten,” a splendid marine which ro-
ceived a gold medal at Vhilade!phiain 1X6, The
painting shows a mass o! weathered rocks inthe
foreground, with some wreckage, a grand surf
breuking upon them and bursting high over
them, The sky ia dull and the only light fails
upon the sea just before the rocks and is
broken up and reflected by the high-reaching
foam of the breakers, ‘The picture went to
Emerson MeMillan for $4,000, The United
States Comiaission has requested permission
tomakeita part of the American exhibit at
the Paris Exposition.

The lesson of the Thomas B. Clarke sale of
last February seemed clearly manifest in the

 

prices paid for the best works brought to-
gether by Mr. Evans, The prices paid in

Chickering Hall in the last two evenings,
necording to all precedent,wouid not have been
commanded by American paintings prior to
the sale of Mr. Clarke's collection, Two paint-
ings from Mr. Clarke's collection came under
the hammer again last evening and both sold
at higher flaures than they brought last win-
ter, An Inness “Nine O'Clock,” which sold
last February for $3,100, brought 10 last
night, and Abbott H. Thayer's “Roses,” for
which Mr. Evans paid $300 at the Clarke sale,
was bid up last night to S410. Inness, how-
ever has not dominated the Evans sale tothe
extent he did that of Mr Clarke's collection
With some work of the first importance by the
painter Mr. Evans had somo not at all extra-
ordinary, and the six Lunesses sold last evening
Went all the way from $270 to $5,400

‘The buyers last evening particularly wanted
Wyant and bid with spirit on the five examples
of his work offered. The one in which the
greatest interest centred, “Driving Mists,” a
canvas painted with the confidence that causes
peeenar to be spoken of as masterly, was run
up rapidly by advances of S$loQO and $200 ata
eall from from $1,000 to $2,550, at which fleure
it went to Robert M. Lindsay. The others
varied in price from $600 to $2, 100

Tt has been Robert C, Minor’s fortune to have

 

 

 

at least two good paintings suitable for
museum exhibition in the Evang sale, and
folowing the Metropolitan Museum — the

Coreoran Art Caliery of Washington came in
last nightasa bidderand purchased Mr, Minor's
“Eventide” for $1,700, The partiality of bidders
for Mr. Church's work carried the price of his
“St. Cecilia” up to $1,200, His “Air,” “Earth”
and “Water,” however, went in a descending
seale from $400 to $250, aud caused one of
Mr. Kirby's talkative patrons inthe audienea
to sugwest that water should be sent to Brook-
lyn and filtered, “Water was bought by

Stanley,” which sometimes at auction sales
stands for W. A. Clark.

Theodore Robinson, who the gentlemen di-
recting the Metropolitan Museum refused a
short time ago to have represented in that in-
stitution, appeared in last night's list with
“Twachtmans House,” which the United
States Commission has asked permissicn to
exhibit at Paria this year. It was sold
at $410 to A.C. Humphreys. The Commission
ha- also expressed a desire to oxbibit at Paris
J. Francis Murphy's water color, “Under Gray
Skies" and [nness’s “The Valley on a Gloomy
Day.” both of which were sold last evening,

The total sum realized by the first two nights’
sales of Mr, Evans's collection is 8103045. The
more interesting and higher priced of the
paintings sold last evening, with the buyera’
names, are as follows:

Korten Hof Meadows,"

   

Howe's “Morning,

 

Louis Stern $170
Arthur Parton's "In the Month of May," FE

Dwight TT eee ae 700
Minor’s Twilight,’ Louis stern 226
Thayer's ‘Roses, F. J. Hecker. 410
Faton's ‘La Cigale,’ F. J. Hecker cess #00
Shirlaw’s “Among the Old Poets,”’ J, Bigelow oo
Inneas's ‘Summer tn the Catskills,’ Emerson

MeMilian .
Dosear's “bhvening in Picardy,’ C. W. Kraus

war ‘

Martin's "Mountain Brook,” Blank

Cotin'’s “Rainy Day,” Louis stern :

Wy ant's ‘Autumn inthe North Woods," G, LD,
Pratt eae S75

Bridygman’s ‘My Pets,”’ Joseph Eastman ao

Bogert’s “Afternvon--Haarlem, Holland,” F,
C. Anderson

Guy's “Look, Mamma'’’ EF McMillan 450
Inness’a “Returning from Pasture, Milton,
A.C, Humphreys Beso

Uirich’s “In the Land of Pronise,’’ Corcoran
Art Gallery, Washington aT5
Rehn's “Where Waves and Moonlight Meet,”
F, Dwight
Church's “Air,” K. DD. Evans bees
Horne fe “Sunday Moruing in Virwinia,’' J. c,
feo!
Murphy's “Under Gray skies," HH. Harrison
Mowbray's “Idle Hours "John Pope
Inness ® Leeds, New York,” A.C, Humphrays
Dewey's “Shadows of the Evening Hour,” J,

M. Simonson ‘ tee8 ano
Brush’s ‘Before the Battle,” HoH. Harrison. @40
Robinson's “Twachtmaus House,” A, C

Humphreys 410

Bolton Jones's "Late October Afternoon,” EY
Dwight : 425

 
 
  
    

 

Tryon's “River, Evening,’ Louis Stern 450
Wyant’s “Rarly Autuwon,’’ J. M, Simonson Woo
Murphy's "De ted Farm," J. M. Simonson. wo
Wants “Gamekeeper’s Hut, Kerry, lreland,’
Ortgies, agent + 860
‘hventide,” Corcoran Art Gallery 1,700
enethening Shadows,” Cottier & Co 480
Church's Mermaid and Sea Wolf,’ Baroness
Alexandra d Orengiam ‘ 410
Ranger's Veteran,” E. MeMillan - 1,190
Wiggins’s “Lowland Pasture,” Ko Hoagland uuo
Wyant» ‘Driving Mists,’ Robert M. Lind-
Bay see 7 0
Bovert’s ‘Morning at Haarlom,’’ Eo Me
Millan rr - . $78
Church's “St. Cecilia,” E. McMillan 1,200
Inness’s “Valley on a Gloomy Day,” JM. '
Simonson 1,245
Wyant's "Cloudy Day, Keene Valley," F. J,
Hecker ‘ 2,100
Fuller's “Bringing Home the Cow,” W, kK
Bixby, St. Louts ‘ 1,550
Brown's “Longshoremau’s Noon,’ Corcoran
Art Gallery ; 1,250
Church's “End of Winter,” KR. D. Evane., 1.025

Toness's “Goorgia Pines, Afternoon, 1848," R,
D. Evane 5,400

Martin's “Nor wndy Trees,’’ Wilsbach Gal-

lery, Philadelphte 2.850
Inness's “Nine O'Clock,” George E. Morris... 3,650
Homer's "Weather: beaten,”” Fo McMillan » 4,000

To-night the sale of the Evans collection will
be concluded.

Gov. Dyer of Rhode Island Reviews the
Twelfth Regiment,

Gov. Elisha Dyer of Rhode Island reviewed
the Twelfth Regiment at the armory, Colum-
bus avenue and Sixty-second street, last night.
The regiment of three battalions of twelve flles,
under the command of Col. Goeorge Rh.
Dyer, son of the Governor, formed tor the
review in line of masses, Tho First Battalion
was commanded by Lieut.-Col. Seiter, Second
by Major Content and the Third by Major
Buek. When the Governor arrived at 8:25
o'clock he was at once escorted tothe review-

ing stand and received a warm reception, He
was gecompanied by his aldes, Brig.-Gen, I’,
M. Sackett and Col, H. A. Dyer,

Company F, which won the recent shooting
competition,drew up in front of Governor, who
in turn presented the company with the Col,
Leonard trophy, made of bronze and carved to
represent & miniature Indian about to shoot
an arrow. 't stands about two feet high and is
a pretty and an elaborate affair, The Governor

then made a speech, in which he exolled
the virtues of the citizen as a brave
and loyal soldier and impressed the

auditors with the fact that Americansvan wield
the rifle and never flinch in the face of
tho enemy, a the recent Spanish war
proved, He also said that he was pleased to be
able to present tothe fortunate company such
a worthy trophy in commendation of their ox
cellent and accurate display of marksmanship
recently made at the armory's ranges

When the parade broke up the floor was
cleared for dancing

W.1l Build a New Vale Fence.

New Haves, Conn. Feb, 1.—It was an
nouneed to-day that William P. Eno, Yale 'S2.
had given $4,000 to the Yale corporation with
which to build @ fence on the proposed new
campus, exactly like the old fence, but long
enough to provide seating capacity for the
growing 617¢ of the university.

Catholic Sammer School,

The semi-annual meeting of the Hoard of
Trustees ofthe Cathoie Summer School wae
held in the Catholie Club on Tuesday, An out-
line report Was submitted by the Board of
studies. Its main features are the Alumnae
Auxiliary’s six weeks course tn Shakespeare
six weeks’ courae in the study of Danté, and
similar courses of nature study, biology, pliil-
osophy and Latin.

THE REAL ESTATE BOA RDOF HROKERS

are using THe Bun as an official authority vn
all matters appertaining to Real Estate. A
more comprehensive and detailed form ©

apy other publication. — Ade.

 

 

=>
ee

Moét and

 
 

Chandon

Champagne

' Absolute Facts That Cannot Be Disputed.

| FIRST.—The house of Moet and Chandon was founded in 1743.

SECOND.—-The house of Moet and Chandon own more vineyards thaa
all of the following houses combined :
Clicquot, Piper Heidsieck, Monopole, Ruinart, G. HL
Mumm, Pommery, Roederer.

THIRD.--The sales of Moét and Chandon throughout the world
greatly exceed those of any other brand.

FOURTH.—The wine shipped to the United States at the present
time by the house of Moét and Chandon is of the celebrated
vintage of 1893, of which they hold a sufficient reserve te
insure its continuance for a considerable period.

FIFTH.—Moét and Chandon Champagne has been served exclusively
for a great many years at most of the prominent society

functions.

SIXTH.—After repeated sampling and careful compérison with all
the other Champagnes by the ablest experts, Moet and Chandon
has been pronounced, without question, far superior in
quality to any of the other brands.

 
 

   

“PRESS EWS WAdtH Cty 6 O ND.

Leaves Little Doubt That the Brooklyn
Man Was Killed inthe Nebraska Wreck.

Stpney, Neb., Feb. 1, Little doubt now re-
mains concerning the fate of Emil Pressler of
222 Keap street, Brooklyn, N. ¥., who has been
missing for more thana year. His body was
undoubtedly buried in the Sidney Cemetery
on Jan. 10, DR, the day alter the railroad
wreck at Sunro!

A careful examination of some of the prop-
erty found in the ruins discloses half of a sil-
ver watch case, on the outside of which is en-
graved “Harriette Donneuse, 1th Dec,, 184,"
and inside the name “Presser.” This shows
beyond doubt that Pressier was @ passenger
on the wrecked Union Pacifle train,

He left New York witha through ticket over
the Erie, Northwestern, Union Paciticand South-
ern Pacific roads to San Francisco. His trunks
arrived in San Francisco, but he never called
for them. He hed only_a few dollars in change
in his poekets, but had letters of credit on a
Ban Francisco bank, which were never pre-
sented,

Oscar Pfeiffer, the uncle of the young man,
who lives at 222 Keap street, Brooklyn, said
last night that he had received a despatch from
W.S. Bassett, the Coroner of Sidney, Neb,,
stating that a letter with full particulars was
onthe way here. He said that on Saturday last
he had also received «a despateh from a
friend in Sidney telling him of the finding of
the watch case, He added that while he had
little doubt that the body buried at Sidney was
that of his nephew he would not go to Sidney
until he received an answer toa ljetter he had
sent to his nephew's mother in Berlin, asking
tora full deseription of all the effeets that her
son had when she saw him last. He thought
that this would be in about four or tive weeks,

READY TO HEAR GARDINER,

 

It Is Supposed That He Will Return From
Hot Springs Next Week.

Deputy Attorney-General Coyne vame down
from Buffalo yesterday and hada long talk with
Deputy Attorney-General Arthur F. Cosby
in regard to the charges which have been
brought against District Attorney Gardiner
by the Committee on Municipal Affairs
of the City Club. Commissioner Ansley
Wileox of Buffalo, who was appointed by Goy
hoosevelt to hear the testimony on the charges,
has fixed Tuesday of next week as the day
on which the hearings shall begin: Mr, Coyne
will conduct the prosecution, Mr. Cosby assist-
ing him, It was said yesterday that no appli-
cation for delay had been made by Col, Gardi-
ner, and that, so far as the Attorney-General
knew, there would not bea further postpone-
ment of the investigation,

Col. Gardiner is now in Hot Springs, Ark.,
for his health. It was said yesterday that Col,
Gardiner had acknowledged the receipt of a
notifleation of the day fixed for the hearings,
andthat there was po reason to belleve that he
would nut be present to defend himself
He has steadily refused to tell who
his attorneys | would) be, One — report
has been that W. M. K. Uleott, of the law
firm oof | Black, Oleott. & Gruber. had
been retained. It was said yesterday that in-
stead of appearing as counsel Mr, Oleott would
be summoned as a witness in Col. Gardiner's
defence, and that an effort would) be made
through him to prove that the acts complained
of by the City Club committee were similar in
every way to what had been done in corres.
ponding cases by all previous District At-
torneys,

CHAMBER OF COMMERCE DIVIDED,

Close Vote on the Hanna-Payne Shipping
Bill Resolution,

Opposition to the adoption of a resolution
approving tho objects sought to be aceom-
plishd by the Hanna-Payne Shipping bill, now
before Congress, developed at the regulor
monthly meeting of the Chamber of Commerce
yesterday. Tho resolution was reported by
the Chamber's Committee on Harbor and Ships
ping. Half a dozen five-minute speeches were
made against the bill and the same number in
favorofit, When the vote upon the resolution
was taken if proved very close, but the Presi.
dent decided in favor ot the bill
— The Chamber also adopted resolutions favor-
ing vreparate bureau of commerce, an uptown
Post Offer, the preservation of the Palisades
and «continuation of the control of the pilot
system in its preaent hands, An invitation was
received from the New York Produce Exchange
to join in tending 4 banquet to Gov, Noose.
velt, the State Canal Committee and the State
Commerce Commission, because of their work
for canal improvement

PRESIDENT OF CHESAPEAKE & ONTO,

G. W. Stevens, General Manager, Promoted
to the Place M. E, Ingalls Resigned,

Ata meeting of the Directors of the Chesa-
peake and Ohio Railroad Company held at the

office of J.P. Morgan & Co, on Wednesday
afternoon, Ingalls’s resignation as
President was accepted and Goorge W, Stevens,
General Manager ofthe company, was elected
to the presidency. Seeond Vice-President
Decatur Axtell was elected Uirat Vice-President
in placeof Willlam T. Bliss, resigned, Other
changes inthe executive staf? were deferred
forthe present, It was authoritatively stated
that there will be nofmmediate ehangwe in the
policy of the Chesapeake and Ohio. The ecom-
pany is now dominated by Pennsylvania Rail-
road interests, but Will be operated as an

independent road

 

 

ARATOGA
Arondack
Water

Aids digestion, cures dyspepsia, tones the
perves, regulates the kidneys Sold by
grocers, druggists, cat‘s, or

THE ARONDACK SPRING, 1362 Broadway

VIN MARIANI

Mariani Wine—World Famous Tonic

pit is found especially useful in Nervous
Troubles, Dyspepsia, Malaria, Anemia, Loss
of Sleep, Consumption, Overwork, Induges-
tion, La Grippe, Nervous Prostration, Gen
eral Debtlity, Tardy Convaleseence, Loss of
Blood, Impoteney, Melaneholla, Throat ani!
Lung Troubles, Seasiexness, All Wasting
Diseases and Atler- Fevers
Sold by all Drugyists. Refuse Substitutes,

 
 

 

of the State
of tha Unite
the application

 
 
  

FORSYTHE’S

WAISTS.

INVENTORY SALE
TO-DAY

AND TO-MORROW ONLY.
betes pb $15. 00
oo from_ $27.00, 910,00
250 French Gros Grains $7.50

$5.00
$4.00

Reduced from $15.00.
300 Fancy Silks . . .
Reduced from $12.00.
500 Flannel Waists ..
Reduced from $7.00.

JOHN FORSYTHE,

The Waist House,

865 Broadway. New York,

Between 17th and 8th Sta,

 

     
  
   
     

SILVER MOUNTED
RAZOR STRAPS.

The Mauser Mfg.Co.

SILVERSMITHS

WrAce <)> wane

SG
15th St., vetw. Bway & Sth Ave.
NEW YORK,

OBTTUARY,

Edwin T. Hyde died suddenly at his home in
Washington avenue, Lincoln Park, Westchege
tercounty, on Wednesday, of heart disease, at
the age of 88, About fifty vears ago he opened
aroad house in New Rochelle. He formed a

close friendship with Tweed, and it was said
that to him was assigned the duty of engineer-
ing the eseape of Harry W. Jenet, who, upon
being allowed to proceed from the Tombs
Prison to his home in Secoud avenue in com-
pans with the Sherill, left that official at his
iouse While he escaped under the direction of
Hyde, who had a yacht awaiting in the Fast
River He was one of the prime movers inthe
old Irving Hall Detmoeracy. According to the
records in the New York City Hall, Hyde was
the oldest living !ireman in New York eitv, He
joined Clinton Hose Volunteer Com pany. whose
headquarters Were between Grand and Chrya-
tie streets, in N32, He leaves a wife and five
sons

Charles H. Reynolds died on Wednesday in
i third vear at his home, S10 Bushwick
avenue, Willlamsburg, When he was a boy he
became on bookbinder’s apprentice with the
Harper Brothers. After learning the trade he
worked at it awhile and then went to Williams
burg, Where he established a small oil store.
Later he dealt in coal and kindling wood, The
business inereased to so large an extent that a®
the time of his death it was one of the largest
inthe Faust Mr Reynolds was one of the In-
corporators and a direetor of the Williamsburg
Trust Company, & director of the First Nae
tional Bank and the Bushwick Savings Bank.

Samuel S, Messingerof Tatamy, Ta, one of
the best known. eitizens of Northampton
county, isdead afteratwo days’ itiness, aged
Tivears. He wos the founder of Messinger &
Sons’ Agricultural Works. He was a Repub-
ican in polities

Cardinal Domenico Maria Jacobinti is dead at
Rome. He had beon ill for several weeks of
hephrite diabetes, Last November he was
made Cardinal Viear to succed Cardinal Pare
rocehi. Cardinal Jacobint was bern in 1837,
He was created a Cardinal Priest in 1Sis

Richard Dimes, who for over forty years nad
been inthe employment of Tiffany & Co, died
on Wednesday at his home, 4) Pulaski street,
Brooklyn. in his sixty-fifth year, He won @
medal at the last Paris Exposition for individe
ual artistic workmanship

Murderer Clifford,
applied to Supreme

 

 

 

 

Ineffectual Appeal tor

Lawyer Warren Dixon

Court Justice Lippineott tn Jersey City vestere
terday, for a

writ of certiorari in the case of

kdward Clifford, who is under sentences to be

hanged on Feb. forthe murder on March 5,

a West
Dixon

Shore
con-

Wattson,
Mr

1H45, of William G,
tailroad superintendent

tended that the Oyer and Terminer Court tile-
gally exercised its diseretion in refusing teallow
Ajury to pass Upon the question as to whether
or not Clitford

The Court, Mr,
Clifford

is now tneane

Dixon said, also illegally found that

was sane when the preponderance of evidence
showed that he was then, aud is tew, insane,
and his execution would be contrary to the law

f New Jersevand the Constitution
{ States, Justice Lippincott denied

Brooklyn to Have a Laber Dinner,

A numberof members of the Brooklyn end
of the Independent Labor Party have deeided
togivealabor dinner in the Labor Lycoume
brook iv nh, on Washington's Birthday

JOTIINGS ABOUT TOWNS,

 
  

  

hue Leventritt has granted ai abaolute divorcee
t) Louw H. Kraus from Pnina Kraus
fue Steet Cleaming Departm one has abaudonedt
he plan susgested t War.nyw for cremation of
garbage inthe ontl r is
In as Tit 1 #trect waa held
mn gno0 Musi Centre streee
polies yart yeate ‘ ithe eb of having prac-
tied miectioine without berg tered asa physi+
cian
Resolutions indersins Gov. Roosevelt. reeotu
i fing the expenditure of $43,000,
tlargement and thiprovement were
the Board of Managers of the New York
» Fachange yesterdays
oan ’ Patimate has transferred $7,000

from the general fupd to pay toe eapeouses of trans
portation of thet
to the Parise Exposition ‘ jp
expenses of Chief Engineer Louts
board of Public [mprovements, who will has eokharge
of the map.

2 topowray al map of the city
Outot this will be paid the
Risse of the

j