]

> ~
<_-—

i eae

   
 
 
  
  

THE FINANCIAL DEBATE,
Gaseous
NIEL ' WIRGINIA AT-
laces BAe i mntteae BILL,

 

 

He Saya It Attempts to Continue a Thing
That Is Dead, as the Gold Piece asa
Upit of Value Was Repealed itn 1800

Senator Aldrich Says There Is Nothing
jn the Bill That Afiects the Legal Tender
Quality of Suver or Milver Certificates,

Wasutnoton, Feb. 1 -The Financial bill was
tnken upinthe Senate to-day and Mr, Danial
Dem., Va.) addressed the Senate, He sald
that the American people had always favored
bi-metallism, und that the Demooratic party
bad been its most pronounced and consistent
advocate. Naver had @ silver dollar of the
Tnited States depended upon anything but
itaelf for its value, Self-supporting and self-
reliant, it had worked its way and worked, up
to date, ita own salvation, Never yet had any
ailver dollar been redeemed at the Treasury
of the United States or been offered for re-
demption, The dollar, whether of silver or
gold, was not, ia itself, a thing to be redeemed.
It was o redeemer. Hedemption, in finance,
{mplied promise, The standard specie
ailver doliar of tho United States was not a
promise, There was nothing in it to whioh
the attribute of redemption might be fitly ap-
plied. It was the standard and the medium
by which other things, obligations, notes,
debts and other Nabilities must be redeemed,
He had in his possession a standard silver
dollar of 178%. For a hundred years it had
been ita own passport. The United States had
to-day 476,000,000 of the like dollars, and they
were all as good as that hoary and faithful
servant of the people.

Mr, Daniel then went onto criticise the va-
rious provisions of the bill. He dented that
this was, as claimed tn the bill, a gold standard
eountry, and he mentioned six facts to prove
that dental, No respectable lawyer or Judges
would advise his client or the country that this
country was now on a single gold standard.
It he didso he would doit inthe teeth of all
the official agencies of the Government, of a
statute of the United States, and of the habit-
ual practice of the Government and the people,

“Let it be observed,” he said, “that by the
act of Feb, 12, 187%, the gold dollar plece, the
actual physical one dollar in gold coln, was
made tho unit of value, and now let any one
turn to the act of Sept. 26, 1890, entitled ‘An
act to discontinue the cotnage of three-dollar
and one-doliar gold pieces,” and he will find
an implied and then a Alrect repeal of the
gold dollar pieca as aunit of value, The bill
attempts to continue a thing that fs dead,
dead, dead. This country can go on the gold
standard if {it wantsto, but it is not necessary
to sneak into it by falae pretences.” He had
before him the names of those Senatora who
had voted forthe discontinuance of the gold
dollar piece, “and Jo,” he said, the name of
my honorable friend from Rhode Island (Mr.
Aldrich) leads all the reast.’’ That act, he
said, refuted the pretensions of the pending
bill that the country is now on a gold standard,
It recognized that the gold unit had been dis-
placed, “And mark {ts phraseology,” he ex-
claimed. “It does not promise to bring about,
but to continue, the use of both gold and silver
as standard money. ‘Continue,’ that is the
word.”

“T object to this bill,”"" he continued, “in that
{t declares, in its first section, that which is
not true, either as a matter of fact orasa
matter of law.

etandard we have the power to do it; but let

ua not gotothe gold standard in a false dis.
guise.” Ho objected to tho bill also beeau e tt

rpetuated, enlarged and threatened the ‘nd.
esschain.” The gold reserve fund now was

100,000,000, Under this bill it would be
grt 000,000: and to that would be atded the
Treasury notes given for silver bullion, These
were now specifically pavable in silver, but the
bill would make them payable in gold.
the endless chain would be set again in motion,
It would be continually wound up and run ont;
and it might pile up on the people anv
amount of debt. The retiring of obligations,
Mr. Daniel said, had been contemplated, but
had been postponed til] a more convenient
senson. It would not do, he said, to undertake
that project pending a Presidential, election,
Another objection he had to the bill was that
it annexed this country to the single gold
stan ard of European and other nations—thus

 

If we want to goon the gold |
| Treasury Department.”

And bo |

SO OO 5.555558 555

 

1 OOO,

 

 

peen attained by the Seoretary of the Treasury;
but I am not sure about the methods.

Ir. Alison (Kep, Ia.) here entered Into the
discussion and sald: “In it not well known
that silver dollars and allver certificates are
receivable for dues of every name and charac-
ter, including our own salaries?

Mr, Daniel Of course,

Mr. Allison—Does the Senator not believe
that that ia an element which makes these sil-
ver certificates and silver dollars equal to
gold in our country?

Mr. Dantel—t would Ike the,Benator to make
his speech in his own time?

Mr. Aldrich~'The Senator from Virginia ware
that we should incorporate in the Senate bill
the proviso of the House bill, which speaks of
continuing the lewal tender quality of the
greenbacks, | wish him to explain tome what
tho House bill menos when it save that it ts

 

not the intention to interfere with the “pres-

ent” legal tender quality’

Mr. Daniel Panppose it means exactly what
it saya, although Lam very suspicious about it
‘The Senator from Khode [sland has thrown up
the spouge by showing the project of thia bill,
We have 302 millions of sliver money, elther in
the form of actual cofned dollars or of certifi.

vates for them, and yet thie bill sete forth tn Its |

title thar it intends to maintain the parity ofall
forms of money and haa left this vast volume
of our metallic money wholly unprovided for
and out in the cold, and the only silver money
that, in this bill, ia protected hy the 150 mil-
lions of gold reserve ja the 88 millions of Treas-
ury notes issued under the law of 1s.

Mr. Aldrich—Doen the Senator think that the
silver doilars now outstanding need any partic-
ular care or redemption to preserve their par-
ity of value?

Mr. Daniel—I do not know aa they do.

Mr. Aldrich—My personal opinion is that 392
millions of dollars, each containing 4129
grains of copper, could be maintained at a
parity with gold, with the same rights and
privileges now given to silver
Mr. Daniel—Iam very happy to see that the
Senator is wo rapidly coming to the apprecta-
tion of thegeniusof bimetalliam. [am pleased
to have hia confession, and I shall look for
that hereafter. Of all the countries on tha
face of the earth, this country ought to stand
by bimetallism. hope that the Senator
from Rhode Island will indoctrinate hia con-
stituents in such broad and Iiheral views.
shall stand Mr. Daniel declared in concluston
by the dollar of the common Jaw, by the dollar
of the Constitution, by the dollar of America,
which to-day, erect, proud and triumphant, ia
worth as much ae when it firat emanated from
the mint in 1780 and which wil! go on to fulfil
ita mission for the betterment of this people,
ifnot interrupted by unwise law. (Applause
in galleries.)

At o'clock the Senate adjourned until to-
morrow.

SECRETARY

GAGE AND THE BANKS,

Senator Allen Comments on the Corre-
spondence Called For by His Resolution.

WASHINGTON, Feb, 1.—Tho subject of the
finanoial relations between the Treasury De-
partment and the National City Bank of Naw
York and the Hanover National Bank was taken
upinthe Senate to-dayand Mr. Allen (Pop,
Neb.), who had introduced the resolution call-
jung for the correspondence, addressed the Sen-
ate commenting on the correspondence. The
first letter read was one from Vice-Preaident
Hepburn of the National City Bank, of June 5,
187, asking Secretary Gage to continue that

bank as @ national depositary, calling attention |

to the list of {ts directors and adding that the
bank had “great political olaims, in view of
what was done during the canvass last year.”
Mr. Allen read the list of directors, including
the names of Mr. Havemeyer, President of the
Sugar Trust; Mr. Post, a direotorof the Sugar
Trust, and Mr. Kockefeller, President of the
Standard Oil Company. He sald that there
was no record of any reply to Mr. Hepburn’s
letter, but that it was followed by large Gov-
ernment deposits in the National City Bank,
The deposit had grown from $200,000 on May
14, 1897, tothe “enormous sum of $24,000,-
which would indicate the effect that
the reading of Mr. Hepburn’s letter had on the

Commenting uvon @ subsequent letter from
Secretary Gage, Mr. Allen said that {t was @ re-
markable question in the frat instance and a
most remarkable reply in the second. “The
Secretary of the Treasury, Mr. Allen continued,

“discloges in this answer that the sole purpose |

of putting the money in that bank was to com-
ply with the request of Mr. Hepburn that the
money ofthe United States remata on deposit
there forthe private interest of that institu.

| tion.”

|

making their system a part of the American |
system, and placing this country on the most |

eriious and unstable standard of money that

he wit of man cpuld invent,

Another objection he hadtothe bill was its
exclusion of silver; and who, he asked, could
foretell the possible calamity which that might

bring upon the world and upon the human |

race. There was nearly a8 much silver money
in the world as gold. his billthrust a blow at
itthat would be felt inallthe civilized world,
It would knock the bottom out of that im-
mense mass of silver. He would be a wise

man who could foretell what would happen; |

but certainly the tendency would not be such
as to insure the financial condition or con.
tinue the proaperity of the world,
no bimetailism in the bill. It merely pre-
sented the dwarf, humpbacked, lame, halt and
blind spectre of bimetalliem. Bimetallism
was the recognition of equal rights in the two
metals—equal legal tender capacity and equal
coinage rights. Those features in sliver had
been already mutilated and marred and now,
under this bill, they were to be erased

Mr. Aldrich asserted that there was nothing
in the Senate substitute that affected the legal
tender quality of silver ‘

Mr. Stewart (Pop., Nev.)—You proposeto fund
the entire debt in bonds and to make those
bonds pavable in wold.

Mr. Aldrich—Al! the obligations that are now,
by contract, made payabie in either silver or

old are not to be affected by this legislation

ya do not in the slightest degree take away
from ailver or from the silver vertifieates any
of their legal tender quality

Mr, Daniel—The raison d'étre of thia bill, fn
the theory ofits sponsors, is that we are on the
goid standard, But why are they leaving it in
ri

oubt? Why are they Jeaving a door wide
open?

Mr. Aldrich—There i9 no wide open door
about it.

Mr. Daniel--Here is a bill from the House of
Representatives which deciares that it does not
intend to interfere with the legal tender
character of Treasury notes or green backs, and
here comes this Senate substitute which pro-
vides quite other features. Then, I say, if it
wus not intended to raise that question, put
the words of the House bill back and it ends
the debate ou that point

Mr. Aldrich--The Senator from Virginia is
undoubtedly aware that the House till eon-
tains a provision which makes all obligations,
public and private, payable in’ gold, and a
clause that that provision shall not affect the
legal tender qualities ot silver, There was no

eeessity for any such provision in the Senate
Bi: and there is nothing In at which makes all
soleatone, public and private, payable in

ol

Mr. Dante!—In my judgment this provision
fn the House bill ought to be put in the Senate

 
  

}

bill, The Senator's words in debate will not be
the low. Butif be be correct, let us seein
what attitude this country is placing Itsell

The bill declares in its trst seetion that an old
and retired gold unit shall be hereatter the

 

unit andstandard of value. But it it be true
(and it cannet be the unit and standard of
value, but only a co-unit and standard of
value), with some efght hundred millions of

reenbacks and treasury notes, we would still
ood the endef the bil refuting and contradiet-
ing the legal conclusion of its frst seetion, And
the declaration that we ar soingon the gold
atandard would be reserved and driven back
by anew declaration that We are endeavoring
to preserve the double standard

e asked Mr. Aldrich how, under the bill,

Treasury notes would be redeemable

Mr. Aldrich—They would be redeemable in
gold.

Mr. Danie!

Mr, Aldrich

Mr. Danie!

Mr. Alurich
pow.

Mr. Danie! And the Secretary of the Treas-
ury Will have no diseretion to pay them in

gold’

Mr. Aldrich—The bill does not take away
whatever discretion he has now

Mr. Danie! But if gold is the sole standard
of value, can he pay in anything else?

Mr. Aldrich—The status of silver certifleates
fa not changed any more than that of gold cer
tifleates.

Mr. Dantel- Then, according to th
this byl. only the 4460 millions of

Also the @reenbacks
Undoubtedly

An! the silver certificates?

‘They will be redeemable past as

theory of
creenbueks

There was |

|

and the millions of Treasury notes are paya- |

ble in wold
Mr. Aidriel
gold
dir. Dante!

~Are specifically redeemable in

Do I further understand that the
Treasury notes, which are now atthe dis.
eretion of the Secretaryot the Treasury, paya-
ble in either god or silver,
him in wold, but must bes

 

4}
silver?

  

Mr. Aldrich asked to uestion. re-
peated and then said not: their
status Will be oxaerly the same as before.”

Mr. Daniel Then | woulu like to ask the
Senator Whether or pot there is anything in
this billthat re@nforees the vane of a silver
dollar, or that peeventa the inacotaining of ite
parity with gold
tary of the Treasury exercise under this bill to
make silver of a parity with gold

Mr. Aldrich—The useofthe same agencies by
which he kept silver doilars at a parity with
gold in the past-if he has employed such
agencies.

fr. Daniel—Does the Senator know that he
has employed such agencios/
Mr, Aldrich—We know that the result has

Provioees 1849

| Pinar del Rio obese 178.082
Havana soe 424.511
Matanacs 202,482

re paid by |

Mr. Allen commented on the letter of Secre-
tary Gage to Mr. Stillman, President of tne
City National Bank, speaking of his intention
to dine with the directors of the North Ameri-
ean Bank of Philadelphia and proposing a
quiet conference at the Walton Hotel. “What
motive,” he asked. “had the Seeretary in mak-
ing that proposition?”

Sr. Spooner Rep., Wis.)—The Secretary of
the Treasury says there was no such confer-
ence

Mr, Allen said he would come to that. He
went on to speak of the familiar terms in which
President Stillman and Vice-President Hep
burn addressed the Secretary of the Treasury,
It was “Dear Mr. Secretary,” and “Dear Mr.
Gage.” It might be said, he added, that he
was hypocritical, but he submitted that such
familiar terms had no proper place in official
correspondence. He spoke of another letter
from Vice-President Hepburn to Secretary
Gage aa an “invitation to enter into a con-
apiracy with him, and to give the false impres-
sion to the country that there wae more money
in reserve in the national banks of New York
than there really was.”

“Would you not suppose,” said he, “that
there should come forth a rebuke from the
Secretary of the Treasury for trying to entiee
him intoa conspiraey of that kind? Yet this
correspon lance fails to disclose even the mild-
est rebuke.”

Mr. Alien then came to the efforts of the City
National Bank, through Senator Platt of New
York. to have that bank made the depositary of
the Post OMee fund: and he read the corre-
spondence on the subject, closing with Mr
Gage's letterto Mr. Stillman.informing him that
the postal funds were by law under the control
of the Postmaster General,who had dosiennted
asthe depositary the Seventh National Bank
of New York, of which, Mr. Allen said, Perry
Heath, Assistant Postmaster General, is a di-
rector,

At this point the morning hour expired,

 

NO MILEAGE FOR ROBERTS,

The House Committee Decides by a Tie
Vote That He is Not Entitled to It.

WASHINGTON, Feb, 1.—At the meeting of the
House Committee on Mileage to-day an ex-

tended discussion took place over the claim of |

Brigham H, Roberts to mileage from Salt Lake
City to Washington, Roberta did not reply to
the invitation ofthe committee to be presente
and make his claim in person, After consider-
ing the authority of the committee in the case
the matter was brought to a vote by Repre-
sentative Cooper's motion that the committee
report to the Sergeant-at-Arms that Roberts
was entitled to his mileage. The Democratic
members of tha committee, Messrs. Cooper
and Lewis, voted in the affirmative, and the

Republicans, Reeder and Parham, in the
negative, Chairman Barham — announced
that as the votvu was a tie the motion
was ost No other motion being

made, it waa agreed that the chairman should

report tothe louse that Roberts's claim had
pot bean approved by the committee Mr.
Barham suggested that the Speaker be in-

formed that itwas the sense of the committee
that $2,000 should be allowed Roberts, the sum
allowed to parties in ordinary election contests,
While the Democratic members of the com.
mittee agreedto vote for such a reaolution in
the House, they did not wish any formal report
made, and it was deci ted that whatever action
was taken by thechairman should be a per.
sonal matter and not as coming fron the com-
mittee itself, No attention was paid to Roberts's
threat to sue the Sergeant-at-Arms for his
salary and mileage Roberta's claim for mile-
age ore the committee ts for 40 cents a mile
for 2,507 miles, a total of $1,038.80, In
noti fo the Sergeant-at-Arms he asked
$008.80, a difference of $40

 

 

 

POPULATION OF CUBA,
Figures From the Director of the Census
show a Total of 1,572,845.
WaSHINaTon, Feb, 1.—Gen, Sanger, Director
of the Census of Cuba and Puerto Rieo, has
submitted to Secretary Root the preliminary
figures showing the population of the two is-
lands. The following is a statement ofthe
population of Cuba by provinees with a com-

parison with the census of 1887

    

santa (lara

 

aay

Puerto Principe “7,70
Santiago 273,870
Totals 1,572.84 1,031.08
This statement shows a loss of S&842. The

| totalofthe Puerto Riean population in LSM is

What ageney will the Seere- |

estimated at 957,000 as against 808,708 in
1887, showing an Increase of Lh0,300

Nominations by the President.

Wasurtnoton, Feb. 1.—-The President to-day
sent the following nominations to the Senate;

David G. Watkins, to be United States Attorney for
the district of New Jursey

Charles Lewiston, United States Marshal for the
Western district of Wisconsin

Wm. kh. Reed, Jr., to be supervisor of the Twelfth
Census forthe Secoud district of Maryland.

his |

 

ION,

HE REPLIES TO THE STOCK ARGU-
AGAINST THAT POLICY,

 

MENTS

 

All These Arguments Advanced To-day, He
Says, Were Used Against the Louisiana
Purchase-He Eehoes the President's

Shall Haul Down the

Democrats Invited to Come Back

Doctrine,

Querys “‘Who
Flag’’’
the

Wasurnaton, Feb. 1.~The latitude allowed
in Committee of the Whole of the House on tha
State of the Union in debate on & general ap-
propriation bill permitted Mr, Sibley of Venn.
| sylvania to give additional evidence to-day of
the fact that he ia drifting away from his
Democratic assoviates by making an eloquent
plea for territorial expansion, This, he dee
clared, had been the policy of the Democratic
party from the organization of the Govern-
| ment to the close of the administration of
| James Buchanan, whom he characterized as
'
|
|

to Former Democratio

— FOR EXPA
|
|

the last Democratic President, and he invited
his colleagues to return to it, He was warmiy
| Oongratulated by the Kepublicans,
; In the further course of the debate Mr,
| Shafrorth of Colorado expressed a desire for
the United States to Intervene between the
| British and the Boers in South Africa; Mr.
Ridgely of Kansas advocated a change in the
| laws regulating the lease of Indian lands;
{ Messrs. Talbert of South Carolina, Klutz of
North Carolinaand Griggs of Georgia, replied
| to Mr, Linney's speech on lynching of yestor-
| day; Mr, Coshran of Missouri, replying to Mr,
| Sibley, marshalled the objections to the an-
| nexation or control of the Phillppines; and Mr.
| Gaines of Georgia argued that the Constitu-
tion, under the decisions of the Supreme
Court, applied to Hawall and Puerto Rico.
Mr. Sibley said that every argument that had
been advanced in the present liscussion of the
| philippines question had been made at the
time of the Louisiana purchase, The people of
that territory were called much worse names
| than any that had been given to the Filipinos,
| and it was asserted that eternity itself would
not belong enough for the trackless desert
waste west of the Mississippl River to develop
into a habitable region. Maen were asked to
take counsel of their fears in this matter, For
| those who were inclined to do 30, he would ree
| arguments against
| sald that
| Well,’ wa
the States

view some of the stock

territorial expansion, It was

we can't purchase sovereignty.
; did it in the case of
{ eut out of the Louisiana purchase. It was sald
| that we can’t conquer soveraignty. Well, it
was donein Texas, andin the States and Tar
ritoriea taken from Mexico, Texas members
questionad the accuracy of the statement re-
| garding Texas, and Mr. Sibley answered that
the exercise of force was the original impelling
motive, Conquest, he said, had been the his-
tory of mankind from antiquity; the path of
history was marked in blood. We had wrested
from the red men the land now oceupled bythe
older States, as the Normans had couquered
England, Invariably there had been tive sub-
stitution of the higher and better forins of
civilization and government for the poorer and
weaker,
| “You single out,’ he said, “that paragraph tn

the immortal Declaration of Independense
which deglares that all Governments derive
their just powers from the consent of the gov-
erned, Thatistrulya lofty sentiment, which
should command the respect of every good cit.
izen in its broad and true sense, but when you
take itim {its narrow and perverted sense, it
becomes a commonplace and platitude. ‘This
Administration controlseventa, How? Atthe
| last general election, parties were so evenly
balanced asto Jeave a bare majority for the
successful candidate, and the present Ad-
ministration governs, justly or unju tly, tn
thia nation, by consent of one-half of the
governed, When you eonsider the further
fact that for each man qualified to exereise the
elective franchise five other persons are denied
the right to participate, you then have that
| paragraph from that declaration narrowed
down to the mathematical. proposition that
this Government rules, justly or unjustly, by
the consent of oneshalfor one-fifth of those to
be governed, or 10 percent, That Is your con-
dition to-day Wedeny toten or fifteen mil-
lions of intelligent Women the right to consent
or dissent in government, and then we lament
the fact that in order to give good government
and free institutions to the Filipinos wa
should interfere in their affairs.

“What is the
make? Itisthat while you paliate the exten-
sion of territory in the past you justify it upon
the grounds that this was contiguous terri-
tory. Sir, What is contiguous territory’ When
Mr. Jefferson purchased Loutstana, the record
from Boston to this eanital stood at fifty-tive
hours. Fromthiseapitalto the city of Pitts.
bure it was four days; tothe Missour River it
was three weeks, and tothe western limita of
our Louisiana purchase it was so far that ho
white man ever lived long enough to go there
and come back alive, Modern science bas an-
nihilated time and distance. You talk about
contiguous territory, When thirty years ago to
reach California involved innumerable hard
ships and months of time, Toeday, we hold
audible conferences with our friends on the
Pacifle coast a8 plainly as if they were in the
next room. The hebtning flashes our mes-
sages to Manila, and within an hour we know
the thought of the antipodes, if that thought
be worthy of transmission.”

Mr. Cochran (Dem., Mo.)-That ts, if the cen-
sor will let itcome

Mr. Sibley—More and more as God reveals
His secrets to the modern selentiat, yesterday
shall be as eternity and to-morrow infinity,
You say that we are cowagedin the policy of
shooting freedom into the people, and yet Lask
you to point to that page in history where
iberty was ever achieved and maintained with-
out the spear, the sword orthe bayonet. You
lament the fact that in order to establish stable
government in the Philippine arehinelago it
was necessary for the armed forces of the
United states, with bayonet and bullet, to shed
the blood of revolting Pillptnoas,
this fact not more than myself; but my belief

    
  

 

 

 

| eertitieates of deposit, BLASOO 000;

You deplore |

isthat no other possitve course Was open to is |

as wnation, under the obligation to maintain
order and to protect the rights of life and
property, From the moment of the ratifica-
tion of the treaty with Spain that obligation
Was sacred in its character, and one for whieh
we were answerable, not alone to our eitizens,
hutto the civilized governments of the whole
world Applause

“Sir, Chairman, shall we bold Puerto Kies
and the Philippine Arehipelago? Every. foot
No nation on earth has a higher right of title
toa rodofsoll, We hold by the double title of
purchase and of conquest, and ny bellef is that
where once the shadow of our banner has fal-
Jen there will survive a race of free men, And I
would hold Cuba until stability, order, good
government, and the protection of life and
property were as@ured, On, Lam going to echo
the Prosident’s query, "Who will baul down the

     

lage’ Who planted it theres What Cabinet
council, what warrior, what | statesman,
what Senator or Representative, what
body of men formed any plan of con.
quest? The cries of suffering humanity

 

rang in ourears and we stopped our ears; the
groans Were heard, but we auawered not ve
saw them stripped and wounded on our way to
Jericho, and like the priest and the Lavite we
passed by onthe other side. Notunheard,those
cries and groans at the throne of the Almighty,
who, to awaken us from apathy, our almost
eriminal (Indifference, permitted the engines of
His wrath to burtle thelr thunderbolts under
the bows of the Maine, lving peacefully at an-
ehor in the Havana harbor, Nor keenest-
sighted statesmen, nor most daring warrior
had creamed even of the possibility of
wreat gain, growth of wreatness to come to us
as a nation, from that war of whleh the blowing
up of the Maine was the first. declaration
Those lands and people, unworthily ruled, were
to pass from the house of Saul tothe house of
David, God and the valorof American arms
wave us that territory, not hecanse We are ann
tion altogether free, altogether pure, altogether
blameless, but because, working through Him
as an instrumentality, He har given it to the
boldest, the freesat. the most progrossive ond
most enlightened and the most Christian of all
the nations of the present age" Applause

Mr. Sibley read some of the expressions re-
garding the people and territory of the Louis-
jana purchase at the time it was annexed and
reviewed the attitude of Democratic leaders
“Come back,” he said, addressing hia Demo
eratic associates, ‘to tha old) Demoeratic doe.
trine of expansion, It was the doctrine of
Jefferson and Madson and of Jackson, The
last public utteranee of James Buchanan, re
niving tonserenade atthe White House, was
‘oxpansion is the future poliey of this nation
and only cowards fear and oppose tt.' That
waa the view of the last Damocratio President
we ever had.’ Laughter and ay pause

In conelusion, Mr. Sibley eloquently. pres
sented the advantawes, moral and material, to
be derived by the people of the United States

 

 

   

and the Filipinos alike from our possession and
control of the Phiippine Islinds He was
heard inthe latter part of bis speech by the

whole House with close attention, and at the
close was waruuly applauded and congratulated
by the Republicans eanid
“Mr. Chairman, every dietate of reason and
of prudence, every dictate of business sense
and ofrcommercial advantage, every prompt.
ing of bumanitv and every obligation of
plighted fraternity unite in the demand that
, We go forward. Applause. We have a mise
sion to fulfil, adestiny to accomplish, an ex.
ample to be afforded to the nations how they
| may jnatly rule themselves, not in license but
in liberty. Shall we falterin our duty? Shall
we haul down that flag whose waving stripes
bespeak the red of sacrifice and the white of
| burity, and whose silver stars, shining im the

 

fleld of blue, are an lnapiration to all that ia
nohle in life and beneficent in government?

No! Let it float, and
a "Uniler i folds «hall brothers be knit in closer

sande,
From the mountain crest to the @ray eea nana,
And the world be Lotter, L ween,"

Mr. Cochran (Dem, Mo) called Mr. Stbley's
Attention to some arguments against the an-
hexation of the Philippine Islands which could
hothave been used against the purchase of
Louisiana, They were: That the talands were
aa thickly settled os the State of Ohio; that
they were not suacaptible to: American settle.
mentor civilization: that the people were of
alien blood, disposition ond ideale that the
country must be governed for an indefinite
perio! by wvarpet-bag executive ten thousand
tiles away from superior authority, to the
Curse of the country; that when the United
States forces occupied Manila they did so tn
conjunetion with an army of 14.000 Pillpines
ubdera practioal alliance with them, It was
great folly to compare the sequisition of the
Philippines to the purchase of Voulaiane, Mr.
Cochran said te was tp faver of giving the
country to the Filipinos because it belongod to
hem as muchas this eountry belonged to va,
Appian ”

The bill waa then considered by paragraphs
for amendments, After paasing thirty-three
of the seventy-one pagos of the bill, without
material amendment, the committes rose and
the House adjourned,

LIEUT, SCHENCK KILLED,

Other Casualties in the Philippines Re-
ported by Gen, Otis,

Wasutnotom, Feb, 1.—Gen, Otis cabled the
War Department from Manila to-day the fol-
lowing report of casualties:

Killed—Twenty-fifth Infantry, Jan, 2), near
Subig, Luzon: First Lieut. William 7.
Schenck; Privates, Teves Bronston, Hillard
Boone and William Shannon,

Wounded—Thirty-eighth Infantry, Jan. 19,
Taal, Batangas: Kdward H. Chapin, thigh,

severe; Elmer E. Lenser, face; Benjamin
N. Chinn, arm; Thomas Brown, chest;
Edward Weavor, shoulder, moderate;
Harry Buchanan, leg, Thirty-sixth  In-
funtry, Jan, 22, at Balnoaguing: fra Allen,
chest, severe; Lewes Wyles, thigh, alight;

Preston A. Lioyd, foot, severe, Nineteenth In-
fantry, Jan &, near Cebu; Alfred dBerry, cor-
poral, neck and tage. severe; Willard BE. Bell,
leg, severe: Charles Wiliam Sister, arm, slight;
Henry W, Sumber, corporal, thigh, moderate

Lieut, W. TP. Schenek was born in, Maryland
on bee, 2b 1872, and was appointed trom the
Army. He was private, corporal and sergeant,
First Cavalry, from November, DSL, to Novem-
ber, ISi4: Second Lieutenant, Tenth Infantry,
Oct. SLARIM First Lieutenant, bilteenth Infane
try, June So, IxUusM, He was recommended for
brevet tor personal gallantry in patria in the
siege @t Santiago and for exhibition of iron
fortitude and cndurnnge. He is survived bya

 

 

 

 

widow aud child now at Fort Logan, ¢
WEATHER CROP BULLETIN,
Conditions During January Generally

Favorable to Winter Wheat.

Wasutnotos, Feb. 1.—The crop bulletin for
the month of January issued to-day by the
Weather Bureau says in referance to the con-
dition of wheat

The weather conditions during January have
been generally favorable for winter wheat,
except in New York, Pennsylvania, North
Carolina, Ohio and Miehlgan, although the
extremely eo'd weather of the firat and last
days of the month, especially the latter period,

 

 

  

  

was damaging in nearly all sevtions, as the
crop had little or no snow protection, With
the exception of Ohio and Michigan and a
limited area in Indiana, winter wheat was
generally in exceslent eon tition prior
to the eold periol at the close of | the
month, Unfavorable. reports continue from
Ohio and Miehigan. Tithe firet-named State
the plant isin avery. tender condition, with no
aiiow protection, and in the latter t is
smalland the tle ds look poor, y on
hich Jands, Some injury by Hessian tly is

quite generally reported, but ft is difflouit at
thin time to determine the full extent of the
damage. On the Pacifle coast the weather has
been very favorable and the cropis unusually
promising p r

some ploughing was done in Weat Virginia,
Hirnois, Kanaas and Oklahoma curing the mild
weather

 

DEBI) STATEMENT,

Total Debt on Jan, 31, $1,418,127,200, a
Decrease During the Month of $8,663,780,

THE

 

THE SUN, tRIDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1800,

 

 

fa yeur

Wasninaton, Feb. 1,-The debt etement
issued to-day by the Treasury Department
shows that in the month of Jannary the debt |
of the United States decreased $8,065,780

The interest bearing debt increased $0,730;
th

0OU, while the cash inthe Treasury Increased
Sx gu, edebton Jan, 8lateod: Inter-

bearing debt, BNO: debt on

    
 

 

est

 

 

 

 

which inter: 31 208,410; debt
bearing no interest, $50,055,740; total, $1,-
418,127,200

The cash in the Treasury is made up ofthe
following items: Gold, S400 445 0005) silver,
POLO SLT: paper, SO 4L8,015; other cash,
$108.47 b: total, SLOSB AUS 501, Against
this there were outstanding: Go artificates,

  

er certificates, S405, 400,504;
treasury
Hotes liabilities,
ST4.8845085, Jenving a bala . including
$100,000,000 wold reserve, of S202, 444 O73,

FLORES SLY;

 

 

 

wy
of TSO, @87871,280; oth

Army and Navy Orders,

    

 

 

 

Wasninoton, Feb. 1.—These army orders
wore issue l to-day

Major Jolbn T, Bulla, Paymaster, and Acting
Ass stant sug Jarnves Ke ed fotah dae lem
bers of the | xatait Hoard at Port Sam Houston

Seeond Licut. ¢ stent Cordier recently ap
pointe! assigued tothe Fth infantry and to Fort
Bhermdau

Second Tieut. Ethelbert LL. DD. Breckinridge,
Beventh Infantry, tr San Frauciseo to Fort
Warne and jaunlee Vpn

First Lieut. Joe PB. Clayton, Assistant Surgeon,
from the Department of 1 Pait and) Fighth
Army ¢ ySan Pranciseo

Capt. » Bell, Jr, First Infantry, to Clen
fnew. y Capt Wilson ¥Y Stamper, Fishth
Infantry, as} ollectorof Custom Phe latter ordered
to New York

Previous orders relati to Firat Lieut. Bailey K,

         
 
 

rd, A-#istantSurceon, are re

    

 

 

   

 

     

 

Capt. Frederick P nolis, A nf Surgeon.
from Fort Shooum to san Fran tiled as

member of the beard vice
First Lieut. Batley BK. Ashford i mm,

These naval orders have been issued

Thee officers are ordered to the new battleship
Kearsargn, to take ¢ nh Feb. 20, the da a which
the Kearsarge will be pl ‘oitiiuiamion: Capt
Willia M. Folger, in command, Lieutenant-Coim-
mander Groenleaf Ao Merriam, executive omecer;
Lieutensnt-Comina N. RK. Usher, navigator;
Lieut Theiss, ¢ neer, and toe following t
other a Lieuts. John M. Paver, BOD Tisdal
now at the Washington Nave Yard, Hf Wo Harrison
of the Oi ot Naval Totellivencea: Cc, W Jungen
from the branch Hydrographic Otee New York;
Burveon HV. Anes Lhive warret

Lieutenant: Commoan der ot
Qered to duty at the New Navy Yard

J enant Commander Cameron MeR. Winslow
ha n ordered detached from the New York Navy
Yard and assigned toduty in charge or the branch
Hydrographic Offtee, New York

Medieal Duector |. Wo Rhut has been ordered de
tached from th Sinithsomtan bpstitution anid
directed te proceed home and wat onters

Lhe promotion of Me rJobn C, Boyd
to be a Medical Pivectorot the Navy tsannounced

Movements of Naval Vessels,

Wasnrxaron, Feb. 1.-The battleship Iowa
arrived at San Diego, Cal, yesterday. Theeol-
Hier Brutus left Nagasaki for Guam to-day,
Tho dispateh boat Dolphin, on her way
Washington from South America, is anchored
inthe Potomac four miles below Indian Head,
having proba! ly been b “! by ice, The
auxilinry eruiser Prairio | the New York
Navy Yard to-day for Baltunore, whenee she

to

 

  

will sai!on Feb. 5 for Havre with another cargo
of Government exhibits forthe Preneh Exposi-
tion,

Int Hong Kong
1), [tis supe
ng to dock,

Ihe faaship Brooklyn arrh
to-day. She will return on Pel
posed that she went to Hong bh
Admiral Watson is aboard

Washington Notes,

Wasuinaton, Feb. 1. Secretary Gage to-day
transmitted to Congr 4 supplemental
estimate of Sieeo f the prevention o
deposits in New York Tarber. The sum ta te

 

 

 

 

debton whichinterest had ceased decreased }

other objection that #0 many | $00;debt bearing no interest inerensed $141,- |

 

he used forthe employ t of an additional
steam tig for patro, worl the harbor

\ bill introduced by Senator Nelson prohibits
the use of “trade cheek or store orders by
individuals or eos porations

The incorporation of the National Sooieaty,
United States Datahters af Psy" abject
of the Bill dated by Senat

\n amendment proposed by Senator Mebride |
tothe pure food bles abiishes a srandard of
pure beer, requiring at rarone pound of hove
in the manufacture of eaek barrel of beer

Schooner Wrecked and Several Lives Lost.

Wa iron, Feb. 1
gram was ree
to-day from P. Merrill Gir
Conant at Matamoras, Mex

“schooner Melnuls from
for Brazow Santiago, wree
couat, Several lives lost.’

following tele
state

Mth, United States

HIN The

wed oat the

Galveston, bound
ked on Mextvan

iv CONTEMPLATE

visit to the city, read over the Board and

m advertisements in Tue Sux, Very vom-

ortable and desirable accommodations may be
ad through tbis medium.—<Ady,

ov

Department |

| sheathed and coppered,

 

TREATY WITH SULU SULTAN.

THE PRESIDENT SENDS ALL THE
DOCUMENTS 10 THK SENATE,

They Show That He Approved the Treaty,
Subject to the Keservation That the
United States Would Not Consent to
the Extstence of Sinvery tn the Islands.

Wasutnaton, Feb. 1.- The President to-day,
inreply to a resolution of the Senate, trans-
mitted acopyot the report of Brig.-Gen. John
(. Bates and all accompanying papers in cons
neotion with the negotiation of the treaty last
August by Gen, Bates with the Sultan of Sulu.
In replying to the request for information as to
the payments of money under the treaty, the
President saya that the payments are to be
mitde from the revenues of the Philippine Is-
lands unless Congress shall otherwise direct.
“such payments,” he adds, “are not forspectfie
services, but are a part of the consideration to
the Sulu tribe or nation under the agreement,
and they have been stipulated for as subject to
the action of Congress in conformity with the
practice of this Government from the earliest
times In itsagreements with the various In-
dian nations ovcapying and governing portions
of a territory subject tothe sovereignty of the
United States,”

The accompanying papers include the cor-
respondence between the War Department and
Gen, Otis and Gen, Bates,

In forwarding the treaty Gen, Otis says
that the attitude of the Sulus had been the
subject of apprehension for several months,
and by the agreement he belicves the appre-
hended and pending difficulties were happily
adjusted.

In transmitting to Gen. Otis the President's
eon tional approval of the treaty, Secretary
Root says it was confirmed, with the under-
standing and reservation that it was not to be
deemed in any way to authorize or give the
consent of the United States to the existence of
slavery inthe Sulu archipelago, He directs the
notiffeation of the Suitan of this reservation,
and orders an inquiry by (ran. Bates as to the
humber of persous held in siavery in the
archipelavo and what arrangement it would
be practicable to make for thelr emaneipation,
He suggests that in view of the low price of
slaves, a comparatively moderate sum, which
Congress night be willing to appropriate for
the purpose, would suffice tu secure freedom
forthe whole nurn ber,

Among the inemoranda transmitted by Gen,

utes are copies of the stenographic reports of
his interviews, through interpraters, with the
Sultan and other chiefs, ingluding the negotia-
tions which resuited tn the treaty, The Suitan,

 

inresponse to the first treaty aubmitted by
Gen, Kates, proposed a treaty more to his
Itking, whieh differed radically from that

finally agreed to

In a imemorandum accompanying the treaty,
i Bates says in regard to slavery in the
islands: “I found thatthe institution of slavery
exists iInavery mild form (in fact that the
word ‘retaint’ expresses this condition bette:

 

 

than ‘siave’), the average price belng about
B20 wold. Talao found that the Moros were
jealous of any interference with it: bur it
seemed proper that steps shoult be at onee
taken looking to the abolition of the
institutio: ‘tt seemed but fale that |
the owner should be remunerated, |
and 1 think that Article [. of the

agreement provides @ speedy means of doing
away With siavery, T bad proposed a specifie
sum tobe paid the owner, but agreed to the
Moros sugyvestion of ‘the usual market value’
fusteud. Slavery of every degrees known to
feudal service exists, and the freemen do not
work for wages, either in agriculture or tin the
fisheries, Slavery might be considered and
its remedy found inthe free hirth ofall children
born aftera certain date. By right and juui-
vious conduct on the part of the United States
Government it might be possitile to build up
these stands into flourishing and self-support-
ing communities, beneflei!l to the United
States and to the inhabitants of the islands

“As far as the Philippine Islands are con-
eerned, Spain has held them absolutely for
threes centuries and concedes all sovereign
righte therein. Butas regards the Jolo Archi-
pelugo, the ease is different, Under the eap-
Itulation of IS77, coupled with the purely
hominal ocenpation on the part of Spain, the
Spanish rights there are rather those of suze-
rainty heuce the Sultan's request for protection
and not for annexation is reasonabie,”’

faking up the historical side of the arechipe-
lago Gen, Bates refers to the treaty of Lut be-
tween Spain and the sultan of Joio, part of
which regulates duties to be paid by Spanish
vessels, ‘The other terms of that treaty, he
auvs, Were not known, 48 bo copy Was secured,
By atreaty of April 10, 2871, the Sultan gave
fulladhesion to Spatp and was to receive $1,500
Ina treaty of July 20, 1878, the Sultan
acknowledged Spanish sovereignty, and was
to recatve $2,400 yearly, Spain endeavored to
control the trade of foreign nations inthe arch-
ipelagoand trouble arose with Great Britain
and Germany
agreeing tothe complete freedom of trade for
ail foreign yessela, In 1885 another protocol
was signe! by the above named governments,
by the termsof whichthe sovereignty of Spain
over the islands was recognized

In submitting the articles of agreement to
the Sultan Gen. Bates assured him and his fol-
lowers that we cdo not expeot to collect: taxes

 

 

 

andtake them tothe United States, but what. |

ever revenue is lef! after expenses are paid
isto be used in building up the country; that
wedo not Want tointerfere with the govern.
ment of the country, but will give the Sultan
any assistance possible

he Sultan in a letter to some of his. head
men relative tothe proposed treaty. with
United States said “The Americans have
come here in exchange for Spaniards. They
did noteome to take our lands, religion or
customs, They leave us our laws,
Jove yourselves or your country avoid coming
to blows with the Americans because thev are
like a matchbox, you strike one and they all
go olf,’

 

SHEATHING OF WARSHIPS,

Secretary Long Approves the Adverse Re-
port of the Construction Board,

Wasnhincton, Feb, 1,—Secretary Long will
to-morrow send a letter to the chalrman of the
Senate and House Committees on Naval Affairs,
transmitting the report of the Board on Con-
struction recommending the repeal of the pro-
vision in the last Naval act that thesix armored
authorized by that measure be
The Secretary sug-
gests that the board's recommendation be fol-
lowed, The essential parts of his letter follow:

“The majority of the board (the Chiefs of the
Bureaus of Ordnance, Equipment and Steam
Engineering and the Chief Intelligence OMeer
recommends that the provision referred to be
repealed, while the Chief of the Bureau of Con-
struetion and Repair, in adissenting report,
strommly urges the retention of the require.
ment and the majorityin turn present @ rejoins
inw report :

“The matter is ateehnical one, and the De-
partment can do little more than submit these
Views of ite experts; but, it apoearing that the
practicn of sheathing and coppering jurge
armored war vessels has been abandoned by
the principal shipbuiiders of the world, and
that it does not yet commend general approval,
IT deem it wise to sugmes! that the recommends
tion of the majority in this matter be foliowed,

The subject is one, however, deserving your
eareful consideration, and inthis connection

vessels

 

 

In IN@7 a protocol was signed |

the |

| wouldtend to diminish the tlow of water over |

 

and if you |

 

Is it not surprising that a remedy that has been
the Physician’s Trump Card for a century —his

ace of trumps !— should

now, for the first time, be

so prepared as to make it possible to offer it to the
public in a form available for immediate use, and
capable of being preserved without loss of virtues
for a decade ?>—or until the occasion arises? Such
a surprise exists in Ripans Tabules

WANTED: —A oaae of bad health that R-T-P-A-N-9 will not benoit. Thev ne. jain and pre
Note the word R-I-P-A-N-S on the package and acoe 0 substitute,

Jong life Une gives relief,

MLP-A-N-S, 10 for 5 canta, may be had at any drug store.

Ten samples and one thousand testi

montals will be matled to any address for 6 cents. forwarded to the Itipans Cheiival Co, No, 10

Spruce St. New York,

        

NIAGARA STATE RESERVATION,

Improvements Ursed by the Commissioners
in Preparation for Pan-American Year,

Nracana Faris, N.Y, Feb, 1—The annual
report of the Commissioners and Superintend-
entofthe State reservation, which have just
been submitted to the Legislature, outline
the necessity of a very large expen-
diture State property here

on the
in order that the bridges and lands

may be safe for the expected heavy travel of
pan-American year, Among the improve.
ments asked for ia an. elevator at the Cave of
the Winds. shelter bulidings on Goat Island, a
system of lighting for the park, stairway and
baleony at Luna Island, the removal of the old
‘neline railway building and the substicution
of eivctricity In place of the present power
which operates the cars, completion of the
bridges to the three Sister Islands anda new
topographical map of the Falla.

In addition to this the commissioners note
with apparent fear the diversion of the waters
ofthe Great Lakes and the proposed conatruc-
tion of & dam or jetties at the head of the Ni-
agara Liverin order to raise the jake levels
The belief is expressed that such construction

 

 

the Falls and consequent injury tothe natural
scenery for whien New York has expended its

means and exerted its authority to protect. |

It s suggested that the National Government
appoint a aemmission to confer with a Capa-
dian commission to prevent the excessive di-
version of the waters of the lakes,

TRAIN

LAWTON FUNERAL STARTS,

Impressive Funeral Procession in San
Francisco Witnessed by 30,000 Persons,

San Francisco, Feb, 1.-The last honors
wero paid here this afternoon to Major-Gen,

Lawton in a simple but impressive funeral

procession, which was witnessed by a crowd of
40,000 persons. The bodies of Gen, Lawton,
Major Logan and Surgeon Major Armstrong
lay over nightin the undertaker’s rooma and

this afternoon were taken under military ea-
cort to the ferry and thence to the special
train for the East. The streeta aiong which
the funeral procession passed were crowded,

First came the police und then Troops G and
F of the Sixth United States cavalry and Troop
E of the National Guard of California and the
Signal Corps of the National Guard, Behind
these were three artillery calasons on which
the cofllus were placed. Gen. Lawton'a body
was covered with the national colors and mauy
beautiful wreaths, The caisson was drawn by
four black horses and the jeaders were ridden
by two Rough Riders. On each side marched
100 members of the Grand Lodge and Grand
Encampment of Odd bellows, of whioh order
Gen, Lawton was a member,

Atthe ferry the coffins were turned. over to
the guard ofhonor. The train left for Chi-
cago at 2380 P.M,

 

FORCED HIS WAY TO THE WORK HOUSE

Flannigan Was Turned Out of Court, but
Came Back the Next Day.

Among the “drunks” arraigned in Yorkville
police court yesterday wasa young man who
said he was Thomas Flannigan, homeless,

“Tthink [have seen you before,” remarked |

Magistrate Meade, when the man was taken
before him

“TL was here yesterday,” replied the prisoner,
“but vou chased me out of court.”

Plannigan had asked to be committed to the |

Workhouse for the winter, but the Magistrate
had told him be was young and vigorous and
should support himselt and ordered him out
of court. Poheeman Louman said that the
man walked into the Bast Sixty-seventh street
station intoxicated on Wedneseay night, and
after abusing the Sergeant on duty dared him
to lock him up,

“Lam guilty of intoxication and of disorderly
conduct, too, and you had better send me to
the Inianed,” said the prisoner

“A man of your persistence generally aceom-
plishes his purpose,” remarked the Magia-
trate,
house for two monthe,

 

Morris Guilty; Reedy Acquitted,

The jury in the United States Cireult Court |

trial of George Morris and J. W. Reedy of
Poeantico Hilla, charged with being concerned
in the use of the mails to work a green goods
swindle, reached a verdict at 7 o'clock last

| night after being out for about eight hours.

invite attention tothe letters of Rear Admiral |

  

hampson oo one side and to Chief Carpenter
er onthe other, which are attached to and
accompany these papers,

Fieut. Blue's Resignation Accepted,

Wasnitnaivon, Feb, 1.—The President has ae.
cepted the resignation from the naval servies

 
    

of Lieut, George ?. Blue, who will engage in
private ousiness, Lieut, Bluo was attached to
the battleship Maine when she was destroyed

in Havans Harbor,

  

  

The Hudson River Bridge,
WasscaTon, Feb, 1.—A bill introdueed by
feanitor Sewell of New Jersey extends until
Jan. |, 2.the tine for completing the pro-
od idee overthe Hudson River, between

ew York citvand Jersey City

Woman Landscape Gardener for Lincoln

Park.
Cuteasco, Feb. 1.—Mre. G. MeCrea of #oto
Jefferson avenue has been selected as Jand

scape gartener for Lineoln Park. Some op;

sition to the appointment of a woman idee
veloped, but a majority of the Park Board
thought Mrs. MeCrea competent to Mil the
nil Mra. Me(Crea's husband, who was a

  

vovessfl landscape gardener in Denver, cle
revel Yours WO, leaving her with two vy
daughters, She hal been interested in bis
work andatter his death took up the study of
{rand iitted herself tor vt,

Bourke Cockran to Speak in Boston.
Boston, Feb, 1
gested Feb, 22 as a “singularly appropriate
day” for the deliverance by himaell of a speech
forthe anticiinperiatista in Panentl Hall de
Ving Winslow asked him when he could speak
and bis wnswer was: “L can deliver an un
in perialtatic address in Faneull Hall abeut
Feb, 22. 1 think that day would be singularly
appropriate to the object of the meeting The
date suggested by Mr. Cockran, Washington's
Birthday, heing impracticable, the evening of
ie day following wae selected for the meet-

 

Reedy was acquitted, but the verdfet in Morria s
ease was guilty, Judge Thomas sentenced
Morristo a tine of $1,000 and imprisonment
in Sing Sing fora year aud five months, with
thirty days additional, which he must serve if
he does not pay the fine

  

The Weather,

The coldest wave of the winter waa felt yesterday
from Minnesota eastward to the Now Enyland and

Middle Atlantic States and ae far south as central
Florida Vbe crest of the wave was over Canada
Here are some of the low temperatures: White
River, 50 degrees below zero; Sault Ste. Marta,
Mich rdegrees b Moore 1, Minn,, 22 de

   

grees below, Pulutl
BKismarek and St, Poul

nd Huron, 20 dayrees below,
18 degrees below; Milwau

 

kee, 10 degrees below, Chicago, § degrees below;
| Northfleld, Vt. 4 degrees below, Albany, zero; New
| York city, Atlantic Cit and Lynchburg, & degrees
above vero, Charleston, 24 degrees, Atlanta, 12 de-
grees, Jacksonyiil 2M ezreesa, and New Or

Hourke Cockran has sug. |

cloudiness and warmer Naty

vania,

The coldest of the wave will be
ver after this tioiting tn this seetion, and by Sat
urday itis quile likely to be above freeving
High winds 1 the
overthe Middle Atlauti
yesterday morning
In this city the ‘ay

leans, 82 degrees,

 

Northwest were blowing
and New England e

ast

Was fair ard cold; the lowest

 

noperat ire, § decrees, Was reached at® A.M. the

wir witeh was 52 niles an hourin the early mort

ing, die shed AVerAce lumidity, 54 per cent;

barometer corrected to read to sea level at A.M
152, 3PM, 20 a2

ho temperature @s racorded by the ficial ther
mometer, dnd aleo by THe SU8's thermoneter at the
street level, is shown inthe annexed ta
amor Sun OMe)
VA ut mt 7 ° wt op wha” an mae
2M 12 0 8 ‘P Mabe Ie 1?
sh. Mi dey au WF 42 Mid. a1 Ie i)
MASHINGTON FORRCABE FOR TO-DAY AND LUostolt
wr New Ang and and eastern New York, fair and
niimnued cold to day, fresh west winds, imereanng

fay
For the District of Colnmbia, eastern Penney

New Jersey, Delaware, Maryland and Vir

winta, fair, with riaing temperature to-day, cloudy
end warmer Satur lay, freah west winds

For weatern Penuasylvania, western New York and

Ohio, partly cloudy and warmer to-day; fresh wost
winds becoming variable, cloudy, Saturday,

lie committed the fellow to the Work. |

| whiep

|

PROTEST AGAINST M’ROBERTS,

 

Why Some Staten Islanders Think ie
Should Not Be Quarantine Commissions

President Edward D, Clark of the Republicag
League of Richmond County, has received @
reply from Goy. Noosevelt to the resolutions of
| protest passed by the League against the con.
| firmation of Hugh McRoberts as Quarantine
Commissioner, The resolutions set forth that
Mr. McRoberts’s record as County Treasurerof
, Mehmond county did not warrant his appointe
} Ment as Quarantine Commissioner.

The communication from the Governor asked
for facts taken from records on which the
accusations were based, and a reply has been
| sent to the Governor covering this point. Mr,
) Clark said yesterday that he was not fighting
against the Republican organization in Riche
mond county, but against McRoberts alone,
Following is a part of the reply to the Gove
ernor

“The records of the proceedings of the Boara
of Supervisors show that Hugh McRoberts was
elected County Treasurer of the county of

Richmond at the election held in November,
1872, ahd he took office Jan, 1, 1875, for three
years, Atthe expiration of his term is Board

 

) When he was required to account to the Boa
‘of Bupervisors for his actions, the books an
papers of his offlee mysteriously disappeared
and, 80 far as recollection goes, Were never ree
covered, It was claimed at the time thatan
eloployee of MeRKoberts started from Tompe
kinsville for Richmond with the books and that
the horse driven by this employee was re

| by an animal known as ‘Foley's bull’ and. thas
| the horse ran away and the books were lost,
“Ttappears that at amecting of the Bupere

 

viaors held on the 14th day of June, 1877, it was
| resolved that the resolution offered by_ Mr,
Frean ata meeting of the board held on June
7, namely, to put the bond of Mr. Hugh MeRob-
erts and sureties in guilt, be now taken up and
Paected upon. This resolution was adopted and @
ij committees of three appointed to consult with

connsel

“Ata meeting heldon July 11,1877, a lettor
was received from Tompkins Westervelt ag
counsel for the sureties of Mr MeRoberta,
making & proposition of settlement, Thies
offer was referred to a committee,

“On the Joth day of July, I§77, the commite
tee reported and a resolution was adopted ree
citing thatthe amount due by MeKoberts to
the county was over 372,000 and that a great
wrong would be done to the county, and that
the board would be derelet in their duty to
their constituents to accept the offer made,
ant thatthe sureties were given one week to
make an additional or reasonable offer,

"On Aug. 3, N77, one of the sureties asked
to withdraw the offer of $40.000, whieh the

) board permitted and resolved to stand on
| thetr former demand of 872.000,
"On March 15, 18:4, the vacancy in the come
mittee appointed in the matterof Mr. Hug
| MeRoberts was filled by the appointment o!
| Mr, Frean; and it was resolved that the propos
ation to the board by Mr. Herpich on the part
of Mr. MeRoberts’s sureties bo referred to the
committee having charge of the matter, to ree
| portat the next meeting,
|. Ttappears that an action was brought §
the Supreme Court aga nst the sureties end
that salloetion was pending for a iong time,
| but was finaly compromised. through Mr.
| Tompkins Westervelt,.who was Mr. MeRoberte’s
counsel and who had inthe meantime become
| County Judge, whereby certain sume of money
| Were paid to the county, leas than the amount
of the detalention, and certain property in New
Jersey, 1.400 acres, was turned over to the
; county by Mr MeRoberts. This property real-
hizedsubstantially nothing, being subsequently
soldto “Ir James Wheeler for the small sum of

 

 

    

$200, The exact facts and data could be ob-
tained hy a systematic. search through the
proe ings of the Board of Supervisors of the
County of Richmond, whieh are printed in vole

urnes in the eustody of the city of New York, to
which we do not have access, The year of the
fhnal compromise is not known to us.”

Mr. McRoberts dented yesterday that there
was any tiregularity in hia office when he was
County Treasurer and said) that he was pree
paring to furnish extraets from the proceeds
ings ofthe Board of Supervisors when he was
County Treasurer to present them to the Gove
ernor, He contends that the representations

| by the League are false

 

COP ACCUSED OF WIVE BEATING

| Strugele for His Children When His Wife's
| Charges Against Him Are Heard,

Policeman John Kennedy of the Fast Ninetye
| fifth street station was before Commissioner
Sexton yesterday on a charge of assault, pree
ferred by his wife. The woman testified that
she had been obliged to leave her husband og
account of his cruelty and neglect. On Jan. 17,
| she said, he knocked her down, pounded her
{ and threw her into the hallway, locked up hee
| food and threatened her with a hammer, On
| the plea of Kennedy's counsel that divorcee proe
ceedings Were pending between the pairthe
cause was Adjourned
When the Commissioner told Kennedy that
| he had better let his wife keep thelr two young
children, Kennedy tlewintoa rage and there
was a struggle which was almost a ght, inthe
presence of the Commissioner, for the posses.
sion of ona of the ehildren. Kennedy was
flhally allowed togo, witha warning to let hie
Wife and children alone

'

SGUVENTRS VOR FOUR,

Among the Lucky Ones Are the Kalsern
President McKinley and Roosevelt.
Emperor
Germany is having made for the
festivalto be held in the Thirteenth Regiment
Armory, Brooklyn, under the direction of the
Volred stagers andtha Northeastern Saengere

) In reeoguition of the gift whieh
William of

    

   

bhondin Joly, the Bxecutive Committee of the
Singers hos leelded to make four souvenire,
all mike, dedicated to the German, Emperor,
Que will be sent to President MeKiniley, ane
other to Gov, Roosevelt, ot to the German

Ambassador at Washington and one to the

 

 

   

Finperor William, ‘The per ong forthe Em-
perers wife will be one the features of the
souvenir, Whheh w taolee n ther prise
soos, the photographs of the ofleers of the
Dyyted Singers an the two musical directors
t the festival, anda bistory in English end
German ofthe Northewstern Saengerbuna
Fire in'a Baptiat Chuareh,

The Noble Street Baptist Church in Greene
point, Was damaged Stoo by re last night,
The woodwWork around the revister nearest the
‘hurch entrance Was set ablaze by the furnace
heat. The ire was quickly put out. Six Greens
point ehuch congregations, the Noble street
juptiot, Noble Street. Presbyterian. First
Met vtist) Episeopal, Tabernacie Methodist
Fhiseopa! Kent Street Reformed andthe Union

Avenue Baptist recently have been holding re-
vival ineetings in the church. There wasa
ineeting In the basement yesterday afternoon
ended at 4:40 o'clock and there was to
have been ameeting in the church au bow
alter the Ure,

,