= —————— —— =

sibility for the Inefficient use made of it
reste solely, according to Mr. BALFouR, on
the Generals in the fleld, Lord Lanspowne,
the Beoretary of State for War, did not polnt
80 distinetly at his military coadjutor, On

i

100,

“PRIDAY, FEBRUARY 2,
7 as to the number of combatants or the

Subscriptions by Mail, Postpaid. quantity of armament atthe disposal of the

DAILY, per Month we Boer republics What had been under-
DAILY, per Bemus tpn mee 2 oo | rated, he sald, was the value of the Boers a8
SILY Lap BUMDAT por Year, ...ssere , 800] fighting men, The obvious answer Is that

70] this is the one thing which there was no
excuse for underrating: after the battle of
Majuba Hilland the other engagements in
which the Boers were victorious against
odds during the former war,

What Englishmendesire | to hear was not
only explanations of past reverses, If any
could be devised, but also definite assur-

DAILY AND) SUNDAY, per Mouth

Postage to foreign countries addr !
Tue Sus, New York City.

Panis—Kioagne Ro 1%, near Grand Hotel, and
Kiosyue No, 10, Bouwvar le des Capucines,

yur with manuseripte for

our friends who far
2 od articles returned, Oey

Pwblication wish fo have r

gaust im ail cases cond amps for MAE PMIBOM® oes of improvement in the future, On
= the latter head no comfort was forthcom-

Kentucky. ing. Mr. Banrour, indeed, asserted that
The armed Kentuckians who eame to | wdoultiess"” the Generals in South Africa
stand by Governor Taynor in the presene® | would now revert to the original plan of
of the Legislature resolved to turn him out | campaign, and that the forward movement
of office, should disperse and go to thelr | through the Orange Free State would be
bomes. | begun, Hedid not explain, however, where
The result of their presence the troops needed for such @& movement
the assassination of GOPKEL, & po were to come from, unless the hope of ree
scoundrel, doubtless, but a man BOF | jieyving Ladysmith and Kimberley were to
threatening tou kill any one at the | be renounced,
moment he was shot. Even if Gorpen The one man who spoke frankly, and
dies, nothing can stop the Legislature showed to what bold and epoch-making
from taking tho Governorsiip TOM | megsures Parliament must have recourse
TAYLOK, if itis determined to do that thing, to regild the tarnished prestige of England,
The Goebel jaw makes the Legislature the was Lord Roseyery. He took the bull by
final returning board of the election for ) ¢) horns, when he said that “some form of
Governor, If the majority are bent em) aon pulsory servieo must be Introduced to
putting Gornen or the candidate for Liew | meet the growing exigencies of theempire,”
tepant-Governor, BrokMan, in TAYLORS | and he felt sure that “the nation would not
place nothing can stop them, unless It be) shrink from either that or any other sacrl-
the courts eee flee, to preserve the empire's predomi-
Tho election of the Democratic ticket, | nance.” To that complexion must they
however, must be performed at London, | oonie at lust, if the English are determined
where the Governor has ord: red the Legis: that their country shall rank any longer
Jature to meet. Right or wrong In that) anong great military powers. It took an
exertion of authority, the Legislature 18 | audacious man to propose an expedient
adjourned, subject to the Gove nor’s direc> | wrieh is, of all others, most repulsive to the
tion for its assembly J mass of Englishinen, Audacity, however,
Of course, the round robin declaration | is what is needed at the present crisis, and
{n Gorner’s favor signed by the Democrats | we should not be surprised if Lord Rosr-
fn the street is without force. - a aa | BERY's advice should be followed, even by
f the Legislature cannot go of by them | the present Parliament,
+e and make laws. GOnBEL ts not yet :
Governor and his orders to the State troops
@re Dothing.

so far is
litleal

The Regret of Mr. Teller’s Life.

The following brief colloquy between
Senator Hoan and Senator TELLER on the
subject of opportunities unseized seems

| tousto have some psychological interest.
the Queen's speech has not brought out any | Tt oceurred in the Senate just after the
declarations or explanations on the part of | delivery of Senator Bacoy's speech in
the Ministers caleulated to strengthen the | support of his resolution disclaiming on
confidence of Parliament in their qualitiea- | ghe part of the United States any Intention
tions for the conduct of the to exereise permanent sovereignty over
contest in South Afriea, On the contrary, | the Philippines:

The Debate in Parliament on the War.
The debate on the addresses responsive to

sticcessful

§t is hard to see how even some Conserva- Sp, Hoanef should like to ask the Genater
tives can refuse to vote for the Opposition’s | whether ho does not believe that when his amend-
amendment to the address, Which express 8 | ment was adopted declaring our purpose in regard
regret for the want of knowledge, foresight | to Cuba, if an amy ohne . ne we been manor
laniava, , 1 Govern. ' in the Senate which inserted the words ‘ orany other
and judgment displayed by the . Cx " mn | Seaniak lavatory, be Soukd tans Gnniend ink Gon.
ment alike in the conduct of South African | ported the amendment, and tho entire Senate, eub-
affairs since 1895, and in the preparations | stantially, would have voted for it?
for war. There is searcely a Conservative | “Mr, Trutes— Mr. President, I answorel that a
pewspaper in London which has not echoed |
| made, when I said I would have accepted it, and I
| believe every member who voted for the resolutions
would have voted forsuch @ declaration if I had in-
cluded allthe poss ssions of Spain that we might
| despoil her of: and it is one of the regrets of my life
| that I did not draw the resolutions broad enough to

year ago last December in a speech which I

the regret, and, if the members of the |
House of Commons had the courage of their
Convictions, they would not shrink from |
giving the Cabinet a deserved reprimand,

It is, of course, impossible on the theory i
of Ministerial competence, to reconcile the | Saree yee ae
high-handed course pursued by Mr, CHAM | ; Phat ds to say, not only the case of the
BERLAIN, Which drove the boers into war, | Philippines but also the case of Puerto
with the glaring lack of preparation on the | Rico, It is one of the regrets of Mr.
partofGreat Britain. The Ministergcannot | TELLER'S life that when he had the oppor-
avoid impalement upon one or the other | tunity, before the curtain that hid the
horn of thie dilemma stated by Lord Rosr- | future was drawn aside, he did pot frame
BERY. “We have,” said the former Liberal | a resolution sufficiently broad to make It
Premier, “the right to know if, before the | inipossible or very embarrassing for the
crisis, the Intelligence Department supplied | United States to acquire ¢ ither the Philip.
the Government withsufficient information, | pines ol Puerto Rivo,
If this was not the case, the Department | Probably Mr. Hoar sympathizes with
ehould be dismissed; if, on the other hand, | Mr. Truver, There are’ other Senators
the Government possessed the information | Who manifestly share the regret so far as
as to the British lack of readiness for war, | the Philippines are concerned; but why are
their responsibility is heavy.” Equally | they all dumb about Puerto Rico?
unanswerable was the point made by Sir It is possible that Mr. Tener and Mr,
Henry CAMPrELL-BANNERMAN intheHouse | Hoar are right in believing that at the
of Commons, when he referved to the asser- | beginning of the war with Spain, before
tion made since the outbreak of the contest | Dewry and Destiny made their appearance
by Mr. CHamperuaty, Mr. BALFourR and | on the scene, @ resolution renouncing in
other members of the Cabinet, that the war | advance all the fruits of suecessful war
between the Boers and the British inSouth | might have passed the Senate, If Mr,
Africa was inevitable. “This,” said Sir | Terter bad understood his opportunity
Henry, “ isvither aner post facto opinion and foreseen the course of events, both

 

 

and, therefore, worthless, or else it was
held at tho tlue when the contest was
prematurely provoked, in which latter
event the Ministers are solf-condemned,
and ought to be hurled from power,”

Lord SALISBURY's only excuse for Eng-
Jand’s lack of preparedness was that a Brit-
{eh Government is never able to seeure
adequate information concerning the re-
sources of a possible enemy because the
Becret Service fund is small, Lord SaLis-
purY's Ministerial experience began in
1867. He was'again a Minister from 1874
to 1880, He was Premier during the
larger part of 1855; he became Premier
again in 1886, and held the post until 1892;
he was made Premier for a third time in

1895, and continues to hold the offlee, It
years
gince ho first became aware of the fact
fund is
Beri-
ous disadvantage in a contest even with
Yet
be never before complained of this dis-
have it
Neither did he forbid Mr, Cuam-
BERLAIN to precipitate a war in South
Africa before the means of securing ade-
It is

therefore, upward of thirty

Is,

that England's Secret
po small as to put

Service
her under a
® power numerically insiynifleant.

nor sought to

qualification,
remedied.

quate information could be enlarged,

Puerto Riep and the Philippines might
now bo under the rule of Spain,

This only serves to show that Destiny
ahead with a longer and clearer
previgjon than Mr. TELLER or any other

Senator.

sees

The House Campaign Committees.

There will be Congress elections this year
in all the States. In nearly all the States
these elections will coincide with the choice
of Presidential Flectors. Asia customary,
the two organizations have appointed their
Congressional campaign committees on the
basis of one member from each State. The
Republicans organized on Tuesday witha
list of one Republican member from each
delegation in the Fifty-sixth House, except
in the case of certain States where the dis-
parity between the two parties is so great
as to makea contest on ordinary political
lines unpromising this year,

On the Democratic side, however, a some-
what unusual difleulty has arisen for a
party which has 160 members in tho
House, Although the Democratic Congres-
sional Committee should include forty-five
Representatives, one from each State, there
are several important and  contestable
States which failed in 1898 to elect any

Democratic Congressman, and the commit-
tea will therefore have to appoint out-
siders who are not members of Con-
gress. The seventeen States which have
no Democratic Congressmen are Michigan,
Wisconsin, Minnesota, Washington, Ore.
gon, Maine, New Hampshire,
Vermont, Rhode Island, Connecticut, Iowa,
North Dakota, South Dakota, Wyoming,
Idaho and Kansas, ‘To these Utah has been
added by the exelusion of ROBERTS.

The most noticeable feature of this dearth
of representation on the Demoeratic side is
the fact that in the great group of States
consisting of Minnesota, Wisconsin, Mich{-
gan, lowa and the two Dakotas there is no
Democratic Representative, although Min-
nesota has seven members, Wisconsin ten,
Michigan twelve, Towa eleven, and the two
Dakotas three, a total of forty-three meom-
bers in one of the me
of the country,

Another exaniple of the Demo-
eratie dearth of representation intl e Fifty-
sixth House is to be found in the case of
the three Pacifle States, California, Oregon
and Washington, which have collectively
eleven members, Of these ten are Ry pubs
lieans, the single Democrat coming from
one of the California districts. Inthe Inst
there wera only five Repub
lican members from this group of States,
In this Congress the number is doubled,
permanent military branch of the War] and there is little doubt that the Amer}
Oitles, is alleged, by implication, to be] can policy of expanding interests and
accountable for the slenderness of the force | enlarging markets, of visible andimmediate
ret sent tofsouth Africa, while the respon | benefit to all the Pacific Coast, will, if re

too late now for the veteran statesman to
geek to transfer the responsibility for the
recent British reverses upon Parliament
on the plea that it has given him no larger
a Secret Service fund than he demanded,
Another remark of the Premier's seems to
{indicate dissatisfaction with Sir Micrarn
Hicks-Bracn, although Lord Sanispury
disclaimed any intention of examining the
amount of blame attachable to this or that
Minister, Admitting the deficiencies of the
existing system of gaining intelligence, he
remarked that the Treasury, of which Sir
Micuaks Hicks-Bracn is the head, had se
quired a power of stinting other depart-
ments of the Government which was not
to the public benefit. It remains to be seen
whether the Chancellor of she Exchequer is
any more chargeable than are
leagues with the insuMeient appropriations
made for the Intelligenes Bureau sinee the
accession of the present Government, or for
the meagre sum allotted for the general
Conduct of the warat theOetober session,
The tnelisaation of the Cabinet to make
Lord WoLsenry a scapegoat was disclosed
fo Mr, BALPoUR'S assertion that, although
the defensive force in Natal and the Cape
Colony had proved inadequate, asa matter
of fact, yet it was largely in exeess of what
military advisers said was needful while
the force was being prepared. The Com-
ander-in-Chief, whois at the head of the

Delaware,

his col-

 

sf progressive sections

notabl

Congress

  
   

 

 

 

THE SUN, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY

 

 

 

| pistod by the Democratic party, have the | T#® sITUaTIoN IN SOUTH AFRICA,

the contrary, be maintained that the Intel. |

ligence Department had not greatly erred |
gene 1 moh 5s | the House, is the New England group.

 

SSS sss els

effect of making these States even more
strongly Republican.

Athird group of States almost entirely ex-
cluded from membership inthe Democratio
Congressional Committee, so far as such
membership can be supplied directly +:
oO
twenty-seven New England mombers
twenty-four are Republicans; and of the six
New England States only one, Massa-
chusetts, has any Democratic membership
in the present House, while not one has @
Democratic representative in the Senate,

Some of the other States from which
Democratic representation is lacking, Dela-
ware, Wyoming and Idaho, are not of much
political Importance, but Kansas has long
been recognized as a political fighting
ground, Kansas has one Populist member
and no Democrat, the delegation being
made up, with this exception, of Repub-
licans. Colorado and Nevada are repre-
sented by Silverites, so that the actual
Democratic representation In the member-
ship of the present House is practically
limited to the States of the South and
Southwest, the cities of New York and
Chicago, and isolated districts in the
strongly Republican States of Pennsyl-
vania and Ohfo,

The Democratic Congressional Campaign
Committee is thus organized with a large
number of States unrepresented upon it by
members of Congress.

 

 

The Canals.

These two propositions seem to be cor
nerstones in the plan for the Empire State
to spend sixty millions of dollars in build-
ing a canal fourteen feet deep from Buf-
falo to the Hudson River,

First, that the decline of railroad freight
rates, rapid and continuous for muny
years, has practically stopped, not to be
renewed.

Secondly, that the proposed waterway
would lead to the establishing in New York
of a great industry in steel-making.

At the best we have here predictions
purely, To the question whether New York
should undertake this great expenditure
on the strength of them, the answer to-day
must be, No. More light than we have now
is needed before an investment 60 unusual
can wisely be undertaken,

A Democratic Convention Town,

Kansas has a serious rival in its struggle
to be the seat of the Democratic National
Convention, California wants the honor,
California, Mo. That metropolis istwenty-
five miles from Jefferson City, one hundred
and {lfty miles from St. Louis, and promises
novel attractions to a Democratic National
Convention, In 1890 it contained 1,772
souls and few corporations, It offers an
agreeable contrast, dear to the Democratic
mind, to the haunts of plutocracy and
octopodocracy, It reeks, so to speak, with
Jeffersonian simplicity, and is just the spot
where the representatives of the producing
classes ought to meet.

There are no palaces of the Money Power
in California, Mo. Thereis not even an au-
ditorium or convention hall. The Demo-
crats are invited to meet in the California
Fair Grounds, a commodious park, where a
barbed-wire fence will be erected to separate
the delegates from the spectators, This
precaution willinsure the delegates against
the incvrsions of the buttonholing brigades
of the Vice-President booms and insure the
spectators againet the danger of being
drawn into the arena by the immense cur-
rents of magnetic oratory that will be
liberated. Barbed wire, however, is subject
toa Trust and therefore a taboo material in
a Democratic convention. Californta, Mo.,
will have to build @ fence of native wood,

There are few immense hotels in Cali-
fornia, Mo., but there are sufficient and
more truly Democratic accommodations.
The army of delegates and pilgrims can
rest in tents and cots or with the grass for
a bed and the sky fora tester. What could
show a deeper seorn of plutoeratic pomp
than to sleep out of doors? Besides, it will
be delightful if the time is June or July,
The only drawback will be the fear that the
continual salvoes of Democratic eloquence
will bring rain. But what ifthey do? The
Democrats are no pampered minions of the
Money Devil, Why should theyask for the
shelter of a roof or even of an umbrella
when their hero, AGUINALDO, Who is pray-
ing for them in Luzon, has been scooting
through the swamps and getting his
precious feet wet?

As for other base material needs, Calle
fornia, Mo., dangles before the delegates a
tempting prospect. She will feed them
with a barbecue, a sound Democratic meal,
and she will not grudge them a drop or
two of true Democratic spirit, if they need
any other meat and drink than the Chicago
platform.

Afar from cities and the worship of Mam-
MON and Moxocu, afar from the contamina-
tlon of Trusts, California, Mo., with its
fair grounds, tents, cots, barbecue and true
Democratic spirit, would be a congenial
home for the Democratic National Convene
tion. It doesn't flaunt any big quarantes
fund, It believes that man {s more than
money, and it asks the Democrats to come
and be Jeffersonianly simple,

The Hon, Wintram Lioyp Garrison's
poetry rash is no better. The sonnets have
subsided temporarily, but he has broken out
with some verses to Mrs. Junta Warp Howe
that are a very bad symptom, Mrs, Howe is
guilty of being an expansionist and therefore
of high treason against the Hon, Eminio Agut-
NALDO, whose official laureate and regular
sonneteer Mr, GARRISON has been for some
months, He tells Mrs, Howe to

‘Sing no more battle hymns, but in their place

Some savage ode or funeral dirge prepare.”’

Mr. Gannison is the only person who can make
areally savage ode, and odes to savages in the
Philippines are his specialty, As for “funeral
dirges,” they are cheerful compositions com-
pared witheven his lightest vein. Mr, Gannt-
8ON’S Verses are One More count in the indict-
meat of AGUINALDO,

In 186 the British Influences drove us off
the bill of jnstice, right and freedom, but Gop has
retreated With us and He is bringing us back.—Joun
Parpon ALTOPLD,

For piety, truth, common sense and exquisite
good taste this Altgeldian deliverance equals
Mr. ALFRED AvstTrINn’s “Who fights for Eng-
land fights for Gon,”

‘There isa most regrettable shindy among
the Drys in the Erie County reserva.
tion. The Frie county Prohibitionjst organ-
ization hada meeting in Bulfalo Wednesday,
Bitter words, yells, Ciggings and pullings and
—alas!—punches, physical punches, fol! wed:
and now there are tWo organizations, and
spleen rages among the brethren. This is not
a good example and will make the wicked
grin. Can't the initiative and referendum be
brought in as & peacemaker?

OT

Altruism,
From the Philadelphia Preas,
Mamma-—My dear, where have you been all

ime?
vo uahter—Sitting up with a sick friend,
amma-—Nonsense. I believe you've been in

the parior ali the time with that Mr,

ee eratere Well, ma, he’s lovesiok, Neem

 

ee

 

While thore is nothing improbable in the re-
port published on the authority of a London
journal, that Gen, Buller has again crossed the
Tugela and eagaged the Boers, the story can-
hot be accepted without confirmation from a
more authorized source,

The occupation of Prieska on the most
southerly bend of the Orange River has no
important bearing tn the present phase of the
campaign, It has been probably made by a
small foree, and in consequence of the dis-
affected state of the district, which was
placed under martial law a short time ago.
The news from Mafoking is unimportant, as
the fate of that place will be settled
by the issue of events in other directions, At
Kimberley tho Boers seem becoming more
active, but whatever damage may be done by
their shellato buildings !t does not appear to
bringthe garrison tothe point of surrender,
The only way in which tho place can be
captured is by an assault, and the Boers
are not in a position to make tho
sacrifica which {it would entall; its capit-
ulation from famine before relief is still
unlikely, as though 4 portion of the population
is on short rations since some time back, there
ia understood to bo a sufficient supply of
food for the fighting population for some time
longer,

Of what is going on at the really important
points of operations there is not a word, but
Lord Kitehener is said to be organizing and
planning forthe move through the Free State
while awaiting the arrival of the Cavalry
Brigade and other reénforcements about leav-
ing England.

The very favorable news from Ladysmith re-
@arding the health of the garrison and the
condition of the horses, which was given out
on Wednesday, is rather contradicted by a
despaten from the Boer Headquarters on the
Modder Spruit, east of Ladysmith, saying that
many funerals are noticed daily in the British
lines from the Boer points of observation, The
same despatch, Which is dated Tuosday, states
that Gen, Joubert had left for the Upper Tu-
gela, which indicates that his attention is still
given to that point.

In England, the invitation of the Government
tothe people to come forward and volunteer
for service in South Africa is not met with the
enthusiasm anticipated, Less than three
thousand of the 10,000 mounted volunteers
called for have been enrolled, and in one case a
corps that had been formed disbanded on
account of the general mismanagement
of the administrative staff. The serious
losses in the corps of officers since the
beginning of the war have led to the sugges-
tion by Lord Roberts that the junior grades
should be filled by promotions from the ranks
of non-commissioned officers. This has not
been accepted by the War Offfce, it being
againsttho traditions of the British Army to
allow men from the ranks to rise into the
officers’ grades except under very ex.
ceptional circumstances, Gen. Hector Macdon-
ald, who has just assumed command
ofthe late Gen, Wauchope's brigade at the
Modder River, is one of only three or four
Generals who have risen from the ranks In
the British Armyin its later history, Thero
is also great friction between the regulars and
the volunteer organizations already in the fleld,
arising out of the professional jealousy of the
former; and there are many complalnts
from the officers and mombers of
the Natal and Cape Colony volunteer
corps of their treatment by the regular
staff. All which shows the necessity for some
strong hand to be charged with the duty of
reorganizing the British Army. The present
political conditions in England, however,
render {t unlikely that anything more than
tinkering with the present system or want of
system will be permitted by the party in power,

No Mediation for England.

To tue Epiror or Tag Sun—Sir: I have
read THE Sun's editorial this morning asking
why England and the Transvaal should not
bow mediate.

In reply to this inquiry, I would say that
there is no analogy whatever between Eng-

land's conflict with this country wa century ago
andthe present war. Then the mothe: intry
was 4s Clearly in the wrong as she is .ow in

the rightin flighting as she is for the iiberty

and representation of the eoverned

It ia now proved beyond doubt that Kriiger
has been preparing for war for the past four
years,~hoiding the situation at boling point
until the last arsenal wae filled to the brim, the
last gun piaced, and practically the last man
at his post. Then, everything being ready, he
upset the pot all the fat was in the fire—and
War Was on, solely by his act and deed, and, as
her state of unpreparedness proved, to Eng-

  

land's) great surprise
Speaking for myself and every native of
Great Britain known to me, 1 would say, we

would never hold up our heads again it she
should listen to talk of mediation now
would rather see the country which has
stood so long tor liberty and humanity among
the nations of the earth, and has at inconceiva-
ble vost policed the wide ovean until its remote
eet part is as safe as New York harbor, I say,
IT would rather » Rngland go down before
embattled Fur pe and soperish gloriously than
that she should live tu be the taunt and jeer of
people like the Boers, who are uot worthy to
tie her shoestrings SCOTSMAN,
Feb, 1

 

 

A Shameful Speech,

To tHE Eprtor or Tue Sux If Congress.
man Cochran of Missouri really said, at the pro-Boer
meeting, “Il hope that the pric will rise
in London” he dt 1 hia country, his office
and himself, and should torfcit justly the respect of
apy man with the slightest claim to decency
Are things at such @ pass in these

Sir:

J Of erspe

 

 

or manhood,

days of so-called etyilization that an | trrespon-
sible paseionate rowdy, Unfortunately holding
@ position trust aud boner in the Govern
ment of a f {ly power, can state publicly and

 

Dilasphemously that he prayed that mothers, wives
aud children should be bereft of husbands and
fathers? How long has it been the women that we
war on?

Ugh: It gives one a shudder to realize that one is
an inhabitant of the same planet as such @ fleudish,
inhuman monster who could voice sucha heartiess

wish J. Exvon Hog,
New Yors, Jan. 30

Jews and Trish,
To the Eprron or Tur Sen—Sere J.P. McC. in
to-day’s issue appears to write @ very intelligen:
letter apropos of Dr. Parkburst'’s proposed alhance

against Taumuany Hall, but | can assure him there
is not & Vestine of truth in Dr. Parkhurst’s sentt-
ment of hatred by the Jows avatist tue Irish. On
the contrary the Jews have found in the Irish seus
friends against persecation tine and tim
T bey toinform Dr. Parkhurst thatthe
is of poor Jewiah pedlers, ane
i“ t for trivial oence by th
poor If owas under the aott Tammany regi
Mayor Strong wail for a very long ume to come
ally the Jews with Tammang Hall and the Irish vote
coutained therein, A Heurnew

   
   

 

     
  

A **Man-Without-Hoe'’? Volume.

To THe Fpiton or Tur Scux—Sir: I offer for
cousideration that “Respoueibility”’ publish in book
form al! the poets offered forthe ''Man-Without-the

 

Hoe prize, oF if pe are low poor to be Usidered
that be select fourortive hunared of the best. It
seems to me tt would have @ sale that would pay.
Let Markbam’s be the arst, Dan ® Girvin. +

 

HEUVELLION, St. Lawrence co., N. ., J

 

The poems referred to are not in ‘‘Hesponsibilir
ty’s’’ bands, All non- prize winners were returned to
their authors,

Now You See It,

To THE Epiton oF Tae Sun—Sir: Is it possible
thata slight bas been cast upon such adistinguished
gentieman as the Mon, Budd Colles,
Customs for the port of St. Mary's, Ga,?
geen his name in your lstas yet,

New York, Jan. 31, Frank L.

Collector of
I have not

tAYMOND,

The Poultry Show,
From the Lewist

Mariais a Brahma t
She's qu i i
ayind ess,

n five

wl with feathers
rhin’s barnyard wh

ing Journal,

 

b ler legs,
“uit comes to

 

Bhes earn # soctal standing through her ‘one-a
day BieCrns
Hut Maria d swap her bonora for a rainy dalsy dress,
Un su vday os Monday, pow, the triin young Ply-
! athe ah as
Can go wer menading through the puddles with the
: Maria tenmpest-bound, with comb all
ed with care
this flirty jollity with jealous, envious

 

¢ the barnyard, for she'd wet her
teatheres
And & ane
nder

  

zootic interferes with laying eggs,

euttle Meh and yonder is the saud

stands full bloomered and all helpless
on thes :

The while her sisters ‘tend to biz and travel at their
ease . a

With water to their—what d’ye say? Their elbows or
their knees’ |

And though she's social leader, ab, Maria will con-

gaea even hes hard won honors fora rainy daisy
Gress,

  

EERE Se

  

 

4 POPULAR SENTIMENT OF GRAVE
imPoRt,

The American People and the South Afri-
can War.

To tue Eprron oy Tue SuN—Sir: My own
observation agrees with that of your Brooklyn
correspondent to-day, in floding that the vast
Majority of our people sympathize with the |
ioers, Such friendiinoss toward England in |
making war upon them as I find expressed
{s rather negative than positive In nearly every
Instance. It is simply a feeling that, in view of
Pnglond's attitude during our war with Spain,
It is not now becoming in us to take sides
against her when she isin misfortune, though
there {3 also a fear in some commercial and
fnancial circles that while our interosts would
be subserved by the triumph of the British
Empire, they would suffer as @ consequence
of uny harm done to it in South Africa,

This feeling of friendiiness toward England,
however, whether generated by honest sym-
pathy or by interested motives, has grown
Weakeras the South African war has proceeded
with steady and uninterrupted victory for the
Boers, Tho brave fight the people of the two
little republics are making against the British
Empire is winning untversal admiration, and
even timid commerce and finance are dis-
covering that there ja no reason for their
alarm lest that Empire should be broken
up and they should suffer from its dis-
ruption, The stock market, {t will be
observed, has cut itself loose from all
such misgivings, and is reaching the sensible
conclusion that the demand for our products
created by the war and the setback it is giving
English industries because of the distraction
of labor and of shipping, is beneficial rather
than injurious to us,

Putting aside, however, these interested cons
siderations as unworthy and turning to
moral fufluences wholly, it would be a com-
piete reversal of all American sentiment since
the establishment of this republic if our sym-
pathies did not go out to the Boers. In the
first place, theirs is a republican form of gov-
ernment contending for independent existe
ence against the attempt of the British mon.
archy, now openly avowed by Lord Salisbury,
to destroy it, Criticism of those republics is
made onthe ground that they are republican
in form only, that in apirit they are oligarchi-
cal, but, as a matter of fact, as the Rev, Dr,
Nevin has testified from personal ex-
perience. the Orange Free State, one of
them, is one of the best governed
States in the world and genuinely repub-
Hean. The assumption of the British
Outlanders who live, or rather sojourn,
in the Transvaal, but are not of ft, that they
should be admitted to its government without
giving up their allegiance to the Queen is the
main ground on which the accusation that itis
an oligarchy is made, but {f that is accepted,
every State is oligarchical. Participation in gov-
ernment always implies the obligation to sup-
port it with arms, if necessary, against any
other, It does not contemplate a divided alle-
giance. I donot complain of the British resi-
dents of the Transvaal that they desired and
sought to control it. That was inevitable, and
naturally they would have secured the end they
were after, in the course of time, if they had
not undertaken to enforce their outrageous de»
mand asaright. The gold mines would event-
ually have drawn thither so preponderant a
population of English sympathies that in the
natural course of events they must have
swamped the comparatively stationary Dutch
population and secured the political mastery.
To attempt to force that result immediately
was to forfeit the countenance and sympathy
of all fair-minded men, even in England itself

I agree, therefore, with your editorial view
of to-day, that if it is possible to offer the
friendly mediatorial offices of the United
States, with the purpose of restoring peace in
South Africa, they should be offered. That
such a proceeding on the part of our Govern-
ment would receive the almost unanimous ap-
plause of the American people is, I think, quite
unquestionable, and that it would be prudent,
as @ matter of politics purely, I am
altogether convinced The deep popu-
lar feeling of sympathy with the Boers
burns al! the more intensely because
it has found so littl: expression in either
the newspapers orthe course of the Govern.
ment. Politically, so far as concerns the
Republican party, it seems to me to
be a feeling which cannot be disregarded with-
out the gravest dangers. If this South African
war shall continue during the coming Vresi-
lential campaign it may have the profoundest
political consequences for us by arousing a pope
ular feeling which will make merely secondary
even domestic questions which now seem to be
of paramountimportance. It seems tome wholly
perilous to leave tothe opposition the oppor-
tunity to hiteh its evil cause tothe powerful im-
pulse of this earnest and pervasivo American
sentiment. I know how I feel myself in the
matter, and Tam eonfident that my fecling is
the prevailing emotion of my countrymen,

Why is it that there is so much and so eager
American interest inthis South African war?
Relatively itis a small and actually itis a far-
away conflict, yet the suspense and the excite.
mont over it are even greater than was the in-
terest in the gigantic Franco-German War.
This popular concern is only less than it was
when our war with Spain was in progress. The
South African conflict has been a struggle of
overshadowing importaneos in the mind of
every American, Whyis that? Is there any
evidence that it is due to sympathy
with England? Ask the menin the crowds
about the bulletin) boards which record
the Boer victories? Ask your own heart,
What reason is there in morals or international
Justice why the American people should favor
England's pretentions in this war? No matter
how deep may be our gratitude for the course
of England toward us in our conflict with Spain
thatis not a strong enough feeling to stifle
our republican sympathies and lead us
to espouse England's cause whether right
or wrong. Why as republicans should not our
hearts goout tothe little republics which are
commanding the admiration of gil the world by
their bravo defence of their independent ex-
istence ¢

In certain quarters, distinguished for their
un-American spirit, there is a pretence of put.
ting our military operations for the suppres.
sion of insurrection in the Philippines on the
same moral and political plane with this brit-
ish effort to destroy the South African repub-
lies; but, of course, the two are radically dis-
tinct, Weam not warring on organized
Government in the Philippines or against a
united and free people. We are simply seoking
to restore order to peoples who would be tha
victims of anareby if we did not perform
that duty for them after the sole re.
sponsibility for their welfare had
been imposed on us They have never
united in support of the Aguinaldian pretence
to dictatorship; exeept for us they have and
would have no civilized Goverument capable
of guarding their interests or which is recog.
nized either by themse!ves or by international
law, On the other hand, the Governments of
the Orange Free State and the Transvaal, or
South African Republic, are thoroughly «
Hiahed civilized Governments, and they are

  

 

 

 

any

 

atab-
bre.
senting a united front to their British enemy,
They have an independent existence recog.

 

nized by the whole world, and the British ware
fare for their destruction is Comparable only
to such an assault on our own existence as an

 

established state. Only mauce r ignorance

 

 
 

would assume to liken our struggle to rest
order tothe Philippines to the acknowl :
British attempt to crush out established ind:
pendent republican government ia South

Atrica

The case is so plain and can be presented so
convinebugly to the popular understanding that
it may Wel! arouse a wild storm of indignation
before the hexte Aided by the impulse
of innate American sympathy with these brave
South African republics and the still irrepres-
sitie old-tiine American prejudices against
bnglaod andthe like wellenigh universal tecl-
ing among our foreign-born and foreign-de.
seended citizens—for, least ofall immigrants to
this Country are those from Engiand disposed
to throw intheir political lot with us, though
naturalized—thia feeling may sweep over this
vountry with the force of a hurricane, and the
political devastation it may cause may be all
the more complete because of artiticial efforts
made to bottle it u AMA&uICAN,

New Yous, Feb,

   
 

ion,

    

 

 

ART NOTES,

Landscapes by Mr. Tryon at the Montross
Gallery—Mr, de Madrazo'’s Portraits,

Anexhibition of two seore pletures by D, W.
Tryon, N.A., Would beat any tine an impors
tant artevent, andthe one justiopened In the
new gallery of N. BE. Montross at No, 372 Fifth
avenue proves to be one of the most satisfylug
and attractive of, the present season, It ts
purely a loan exhibition, all of the pictures
having been borrowed from thebr owners for

 

the oevasion, Quite a number have been
brought from Western ant Now England
citles. Someof Mr. Tryon's early work may

bo seen here, and it compares very favorably
with hislatest productions, possessing sterling
qualities of form and color, und if somewhat
leva distinguished in some instances than the
landscapes painted in the last few years, it is

 

eminently sound in method, Among such
earlior canvases are “Starlight,” No. #0;
“Evening, New Bedford Harbor,” No, 25;

“Harbor Lights,” No. 82, and “A Salt Marsh,
December,” No, 18, A few years later than
thease in chronological order are the celebrated
“The Rising Moon,’ No. 8, which has received
medals at home and abroatd; “Winter Even-
ing.” No, 38, which was engraved by Eibridge
Kingsley; and “Moonrise,” No, 13, @ most
poetical rendering of a quiet evening effect;
“Twilight, Early Spring.” No. S; “Sunrise,
April,’ No, 7, and "The Meadow, Morning,”
No. 40, aro three of the most recent works,
the last being dated 18:0, In these landscapes
Mr. Tryon retaina his excellent drawing and
modelling and exhibits a delicacy of tint in his
color schemes that is most agreeable to con-
template, The collection further includes
three or four marines of fine quality and some
smal! studios in pastel. The whole constitutes
a display of avery high degree of merit and
Serves to emphasize what those who have fol-
lowed the artist's achievements in detail have
long since admitted, namely, that Mr. Tryon's
place as a landscape painter {s in the front
rank of the native school, and that his works
are among those which do most to give it Its
high place in all modero art. Tho exhibition
will continue to Feb, *

 

Thea exhibition of portraits by Mr Raymundo
de Madrazo, which, like that by Mr. Chartran,
is an annual event ia the New York art season,
{fs now open atthe galleries of Julius Oehme,
No, 384 Fifth avenues, There are twelve por-
traits in the colle:tion, and of all of them It
may be said generally that they present the
artist’s well-known skill in {ts usual aspect.
His portrait work was popular here before he
came each winter to paint in his studio in this
city, and his commissions executed each sea-
son show that his popularity suffera no dim-
{nution, One of the portraits in the present
display was hung in place of a picture of a
lady recently finished and catalogued with the
rest, butit could not be obtained for exhibi-
tion, The portrait that takes its place is that

{ Mra, Cornelius Vanderbilt, née Wilson, and
it was palnte! several years ago in Paris, It
figured in the “Portraits of Women” exhibi-
tion at the Academy in 184 This work, a
characteristic Madrazo portrait, fits in very
well with the recently painted pictures and
serves by comparison to show that the artist's
general style has not changed, and that his
technical methods are as suave and as compe-
tent as ever, Three portraits of men, Mr.
Flagler, Mr. Chisholm and Mr. Smithers, give
variety to the collection, and two oval portraits
of young women, Mrs. Percy Griffin and Miss
Rice, are notable fortheir sincerity and deco.
rative beauty. Among the other canvases are
portraits of Miss Lamont, Mrs. Berry Wall,
Mrs. G, L, Winthrop and Mrs. Isidore Wormser,
Jr.

Monstrosities in the Streets,

To tHe Epiror or Tur Sux—Sir: I read with
great satisfaction both letters printed in your paper
protesting against the appearance in New York's
streets of those pitiablo unfortunates called “mon-
strosities.”’ in the
crowded shopping districts, beguars, crppled and
maimed in a most repulsive manner. who thrust
themselves before us with such persistency that it
is tinpossible to avoid them

Why cannot thisefty, which flies with hysterical
enervy to intated contributions and loving cups for
anybody aud anything, provide as g nerously for
this moet anfortnnate class in some institution
where they will not be aconstant danger and shock
to the nerves of delicate women? pencounter such
an object suddenly ia to say the least, terrifying,

 

One sees also, and especially

 

   

   

andt wein perfect health and of strong nerve
the picture of misery is # most saddening one to
carry in the mind for hours.

In human consideration for these afflicted ones,

for the proper protection of your wives and daugh-
ters, and for the credit of the city itself why not have
such an unnecessary evil remowed

New Yor, Jan. Sv, A Woman,

The Kitchener College at Khartoum Not
Popular,
From the London Court Journal

Jord Kitchener led the inhabitants of Khartoum
and Omdurman to education, or rather he led edu-
cation to them, at the cost of £100,000, Now, how.
ever, they refuse to drink at the well of knowledge
which the English public has provided. They were
willing enough to share in the commercial advan-
tages Which work costing such # sum neccssarily
Dronglt in its train, but, those advantages being past,
they slow a decided reluctance to have anything to
do with an institution that looks to them very much

  
  

 

 

 

WHAT IS A LIE?

 

A New Detinition of It as Blufing Die
cussed Philosophically.
From the Indianapolis Jgurna’,

Tho following Is from the report of the
testimony of a witness in the Clark bribery
case, new pending before a Senatorial coms
Ialttee;

“In one of your letters you speak of having Fe
ceived an offer of $5,000 from the opposition

 

My. Click, sail Me, Birney on re-direct examina
tion, Was that a fact?’

“No, ste responded the witness, “That was @
bluatf.”

This raises a question as to what constitutes
alie, Simple os the question is, it would
doubtless evoke very different answers from
different persons aveording to thoir informas
tion and relation tothe sulject. Shakespeare
makes Falstaff say: “Lord, bow this world ie
given to lying.” Probably the world is not
very different now from what it was in Shakoe
speare'stime, As he makes another character
say: "Tis as easy as lying,” there were probae
bly as many practitioners of the art then a6
there are now,

One trouble in obtaining an exact popular
definition of what constitutes a lie, is that se
many people are interested parties, No persou
who lies habitually, frequently or even oge
casionally isa competent witness in the case,
Such people become, as it were, color-blind,
and do not know a lic when they see it, unless
itis of heroic size aud very strongly marked,
They will notermenate thems sives, he Mone
tana man above quoted admitted that he had
made in writing & statement which was not
true, but when asked if it was aftact, he said no,
itwas ‘abluff’ He.shrank from saying it was
a lie, although be admitted it was not a fact, so
hesaidit was a bluim That is ® much less
harsh-sounding word than lie, and there ia
reason to believe, iit should be accepted as a
synonyvin for tie, that lying would become eve:
more common than itis now. Most men woul
mu ‘h rather be known us biuffers than as
jars

Whether the various grades and degrees of
lies and the infinite shadings of misrepresentae
tion, deception, duplicity, evasion, society lie
business lies, conventional lies, &e, could al
be brought underthe term bluffing is doubte
ful, and the merging of so many words ia
one would tend to impoverish the language,
Perhaps as good adefinition of alie as any le
that it is asserting or representing, orally, in
Writing or by signs, as true that which the pere
600 knows to be untrue, from a@ culpable intense
tion to deceive or misead. There 1s reason to
fear that even under this stringent deflnition @
great mauy persons will continus,to lis,

Playing Poker,
From the Washington Evening Star,

There is a man in Washington, who fs a shine
ing light in one of the prominent churches,
| who nearly lost his reputation the other nigh
all because of a child’s innocent prattle, H
called upon afriend who ts handsomely “fixed”
as to this world’s goods, and who has atiny,
golden-haired daughter of whom he is very
fond, The friends adjourned to the smokinge
room. for a chat, and shortly afterward the
| daughter went tohuntthem. She came down
{to her mother inthe reception room a little
| later and found her entertaining callers.
| Inadluliinthe conversation the child volune
| tered the information that “papa and Mr, Blank
were having lots of fun.”
“What ure they doing, dear?” asked one of
the callers, idly,
“Playing poker,” was the astounding anewer,
“Poker!” exclaimed the astonished mother3
“why Jennie, your father never played a game
of poker in his life.””

Well, mamma, they are in the room with the
big areen table, and papa pokes a little ball at
Mr. Blank, and he pokes it back again, Isn’§
that poker 7?”

 

 

 

An Accidental Consequence of a Kiss,
From the St. Lowis Globe- Democrat.
Trerne Havre, Ind., Jan, 28.—Webster Snide
of Sullivan, came here to have a piece o
knitting needle removed from his arm where
it found lodgment when his sweetheart was
playfully resisting his effort to kiss her. Snider
says that when bidding the young lady goo
night he attempted to kiss her. Bhe resiste
and there was a scuffle. He kissed her and in
doing so ran his arm against the needle, which
she held in her hand, It penetrated the arm 4
} or > inches and 3 inches of it broke off in the
| arin. Tho X-ray was used by the surgeon here
and the piece of the needle was removed,

The Goebel Law.

To Tar Eprron or Tar Scxs—Atr: Will you im
form an ignoramus what legal authority has the
Kentucky Legislature to go behind the report of the
Flectora) Commission tn favor of Mr, Taylor as have
ing been duly elected Governor’ If the Legislature
has constitutional authority to reverse the decision
of the Electoral Commiesion, the Constitution of
Kentucky is unique—nothing like it in the worla,

| And if the Legi#lature has such authority, what is
the use of an Electoral Commission?

Puitaperenia, Feb. 1, Witiiam A, InoHaM,

 

  

The right of the Legislature to reverse the
report of the State Board of Election Commise
sioners, the “Electoral Commission” of our core
respondent, is provided for by the law which
established the commission, the Goebel law,
That gave to the Kentucky Legislature the
final word in deciding who is elected Governor,

The Goebel law was passed to put the Kene
tucky Governorship in the contro! of the Deme
cratic party. So clear was its purpose to nullify
a Kepublican majority, in case it should hape
pen, that (Ciov, Bradley vetoed it. But it was
passed again over his veto,

 

Queer Requests to the President,

like the thin end of the Wedge of Christianity, The
new Sirdarand the old Sirdar both set their faces
against any premature attemptat missionary work
but it now appears that the Mohammedans do not

From the Chicago Record,
Tora week of ten days before Thanksgiving the
President recelved many letters asking for the wishe
bone of the turkey that graced his board upon that

draw any fine distinction between relixtous and | day, Several asked for the right drumstick, but
secular teaching, aa did Lord Kitehoner, A finemons | x5 ody asked for the left, This is unexplained, but
ument to the g nerosity of Eneland has been erected

there is probably some superstition connected with
; : ; the turkey erightleg. Itis @ curious fact, too, that

this demonstration of the fuulity of an undertaking nobody wrote either for the wishbone or the dram

w. @ which everyone belioves he would have been in stick of the Christmas turkey,

deep sympathy Las @ bitter tou f i

at hhartoum, Asa memorial to Gordon, however

ch of irony, ef caebaninent
The Man With the Same Old Hoe,
From the Yokohama Naigai Shojt Shuko,

In Kyyptian fartas tho agricultural implemontg
sale as the hoes used 5,000 yoars ago are still need

 

An Appeal,

An appeal is made, by a gentleman knownto Tre
Bus, forthe daughter of a very poorclergyman, who
by winning &scholarship, and by teaching two years

and #0 far this term by borrowing, reached the Forcign Notes of Real Interest,
senior class in VUolleze, hoping to be able to

work on till graduat.on, secure @ position as teacher, A Liverpool physician bas discovered the bacillug
pay her debts and contribute toward the support of of pink-eye in horaes,

herfamily, She has been far from well this autumn, Miss Eieanor Cobbett,. the daughter of Wibtiiang
and it has just been discovered that she has tuber Cobbett, has just diol in England at the age of 9@
Culosia, already pretty far advanced, Of course, | Fears.

that means that she mustat once leave her studies
and go to a snitabh aud be under skilled
medical treatment,

It is proposed to raise about one thousand dol

Prince Albrecht of Prussia, the Regent of Brune
Wick, has bought aloter land in the “Markobrume
nen’ hime wine district ut tue rate of $16,000 ag

climat

 

dere.

lars, cancel her indebtedne-s, provide suitable :

clothing, board and medical attendance for at least France intends to Bp rere French syntax by lege

a year, Any one desiring to contribute can send jslatiou, M. Gaston Paris of the Académie Frangaise

money to Tue SUN has been made jdeutofé Commission to prepare
ee ene wref 1 usyntat,

Philadelphia and the Convention, Licchont, the murderer of the Empress Elizabeth

of Austtia, baying spent @ year tn solitary confine

 

Philadelphia, Quaker City,

Gentle sister, sweet and fair, scording to the Swiss law, treated

With your footsteps wandering slowly
By the sleeping Delaware,

Leading (own from restful valleys
Sunk in soft serenity,

Whose leep, sequestered silences

Are brothers to the
Don tyou think that you have bitten
Off @ little more than you

Are going to be able

Satieractorily to chew?

soe

Philadelphia, sister city,
Sleeping underneath the treea,
Lulled to slumber us joies
By the lazy hum of bees
With your whit ta folded calnily

 

nee

han

 

On your gently heaving breast,

As the lily and the lotus

Boothe your soul to vrateful reat
And the goactous peace that passeth
Understanding sets its crown

Upon your healand Kisses

Your tired evelids down:

Don't you think that vou have bitten
Off a litth m a n

Ar thw be able

Satistuctorily toehow?

Philalelphia, Philadelphia

 

    

Free from trials and fron care 4,
Where the lowing berd ! ‘
O'er your giaasy thoronuyhtares;
Where hurrying feet are abseut,
And where no business

Dar # ‘reak the seal of sden

To let the noises in;

Where motion is demerit,

And su 4 Word aa “soon”

Is banished, and the season
Is always afternoon:
Don't you think that you have bitten
Off a little more than you
Are going to be able
Bat.sfactorily to chew?
Wiiutax J, Laurrow,

Perera vanes 2 - ——

 

prisoners,

 

Queen Victoria has appointed the Prince of Wales's

son-in-law, the Duke of Fife, K. G.. to be Lords
Lieutenant of th aunty of London tn place of the
late Duke of Westminster,

Candidates for the Nobel prizes for scientifie

acloevetment are being considered by the Swedish
Academ FoSehneet at Stocsholm, which must
ywa od the prize forthe first time this year, Among
the ua already proposed ace Prof. Koentgea,
M 4, baron Nordenskj ld aud Henri Dunant
t fonnader of the Red Cross Society,

\ Peros, stock company with # capital of $50,000
i formed in Milau for the performance of
alisi fir company has bouglt the Churely

Maria della Pace tor $19,000 and will turn

  

 

 

 

  

 

i ya music hall, In the spring Perost's ‘The
Shing f the Innocents’ and "The Emery of
Chr.st into dJerus@len’’ will be porformed,
Dov nehire’a chief ‘wir gn ma James Par
#, & Ledger by oceupation, is dead. The “singing
ns Devoushir ve and chant the old
West Conntry songs and ballads, Parsons was nicks
' Tue Siuging Machine’ because one vening
h thet tuastheconld g 1 Sfuging tili days
break Without repeating @oy pece and won the bet
bs hoieal jonruals, which were very sore
vert ‘word toan Amerncan firm of the Athare
brid ontract, are now orage ng over the perform:
ance of & Wednesbury company, in getting the mate
rial forthe new Tugela bridwe ready for shipment,
Within w month of receiving the contract. The
bridwe 4 105 feet long and required 760 tone of me
terial.

.
Jialy proposes that Italian shall be recognized as

Oh tnteruatio ual language D the same footting as
Koguish, French and German. Dr, Baccelli, the
Min ster of Elucation, has directed de legates to ine
terbaticnal congresses to demand that papers shall

 

be rea

 

iH Ttoian, aod that Italian delegates shall
employ their own language in the discussiona, Le
stead of using one of the three languages 120 Ge
ally admitted,

errr oe Pte creer me tin ge

op me