—

=

 

AFFAIRS OF THE THEATRE,
FAROICAL MATERIAL DISCOVERED

AT A STUDENIS’ MATINEE,

’

   

One of Tennyson's Dramatic Poems Acted
on the stage Operas Used Without Con-
sent and One That Was Not—Belasco
Puts a New Act Into His Stocking Play.

Two plays, one new and one old, were acted
forthe firsttime in America yesterday after-
nooo at tho Empire Theatre, “The Faleon,”
Lord Tennyson's dramatic poem, had been
used by Mr. and Mrs, Kendal at the &t. James,
London, in 187, But the story of the man
who kills his pet bird for food for the woman
he loves, and then finds that she desires a live
bird waited hereto be played by students of
the American Academy of the Dramatic Arts,
They did it adequately and with good effect.
But it was inthe other play that they showed
remarkable advancement. This was a three

act farce, “The Somersault,” by Frank ©,
Drake and Anna Leach. It contained a young
girl who bad Jost her memory and
believed herself to be seventeen, as
she had been five years before, This
would) not have been 80 bad had

she not engaged herself to marry two men, one
Jately and the other before her lapse of mind.
She forgot her recent promise, and believed
herself stil! betrothed to the first sultor, who
waa her cousin, ‘This man had married and
become a father after his engagement with ber
was broken off. This was as wo first see him.
In his wife's absence his coustn'’s doctor pers
suaded him to pretend that ne was still in love

with his cousin, and thus perhaps win
back her memory. Theres were comis
results of this state of affairs. Two of

impossible young journalists, some gossiping
pn: ighborsand a deaf oldman and his daughe
ters became mixed up with the main charac.
ters by the end of the second act, This had
shown the wife’s return and her natural sus-
picions, A conventional and explanatory last
act was expected, but the authors had been
clever enough to give a new twisttotherrstory,
natead of the wife remaining Jealous she
iatened toreason, but led her husband to think

that she still doubted him, Another to fool
him waa the cousin who had regained her
memory, but pretended to him that
ne had gone quite mad. All the

othercharacters aided in this deceit, and there
Were absurd but funny consequences, The
whole farce was cleverly comic. The fault was
awkwardness in construction. With a polish.
ing of the work “The Somersault™ would be
worthy of a professional production, Tho
Students did not merely appear in. it-they
acted it. K Co Turner as the obliging husband
and Anna O'Ryan as the memoryless girl were

ood comedians. Sumner Gard, Samuel Stone,

argaret Parnell, Mare H. Moore, Marion
Wright, Katherine Black, James McKeen, Put-
pam Bond ani Westropp Saunders supplied
excellent, though brief, character sketches
William Lamp, Hin’ rmbe Bacon, E, A. Magurn
Lucy Ballard, Forence Alleyne, Evelyn Wood
and Ethel May Noriman were the others in the
cast who did weil.

 

Experimenting in operatic novelties is now
more costly than it was when the copyright
Jaws permitted managers to use whatever they
wanted at no other expenge to bear than the
outlay for the performance, and possibly the
diminished attendance that indifference to
unknown works was likely tocause, As nearly
all the popular pieces are available here with-
out the payment of royalties, it has always
seemed an additional discouragement to man-
agers attempting to give novelties that thoy
must pay the owners as well as drivo some of
the public away temporarily. All the Wagner

operas, the Verdi and other works in
the old Italian ré‘pertoire, and those of
Gounod are used without payment. It
must be rather trying then to be com-
pelled to pay for “La Bohtme” and
“A Basso Porto.” Tho author's fees on the

Jatter opera were considerable, and for that
feason Col. Savage's enterprise in presenting
it to our public was the more to be admired.
But it was not to be supposed that a lack of
Bupport would encourage a manager to keep
res opera in the bill for another week,
f the publie does not take an unfamiliar old
opera when it is revived, the loss Is less, as
there are no royalties to be paid. That is one
of ventene of Planquette’s “The Chimes of
ormandy,” selected as the striking contrast
at the American to follow “At the Lower
Harbour.” A more completely different work
could not have been found in the whole range
of operatic literature. Apart from the dif-

i eroned

ference in its musical and dramatic qua ities, |

it is a contrast tospinelli’s new work in being
horoughly familiar to the public It
as charms that have stood the passage
of time and one of these is a eoherent and
frnauinatiy story as the basis of the libretto
‘tie popular quality of the jingle has proved
{ta own value. The current representation at
the American has most of the needed elements
A Gaspard who ean acatter stage gold about
the floor dnd indulge every eomedian's desire to
ehow his prowess in dramatic role. AGermaine
who can sing the song of the chimes and a re-
turned exile who is able to give his opening
waltz with sufficient rhythm—these are usu.

 

 

Hy enough to make a performance of
-lanquette’s opera satisfactory, The Castie
square Opera Company has much more in its

well-drilled chorus, its fresh seeaery and cos-
tumes anda ed, rlette, Who, in her vivacity and
activity, is appalling.

Persous who saw “Naughty Anthony” when
ft was first played at the Herald Square and
then witnessed last night's performance of
David Belasco’s farce, observeda marked im-
provement. The principal material has
not been changed to any great extent
but the movement has been made brisker,
What was announced ae a new last act wae
shown yesterday. In general purport it was
the same as the old one, but the scene was sup-
pose torepresent a stocking store instead ofa
woman's boudoir. The much-talked-of room
hung in pink silk was still used, though in are-
eonstructed form, A show window with hose
banging near it was added, and some stands
with vari-colored boxes made the pictur) pret-
tier even than before, The happenings were
the same. However they had been brought

 

Closer together in order to make the |
action quicker. J change had heen |
vade =O where) Blanche Bates removes
Bur stockings. Frank Worthing, as the

rofessor of moral culture, bides fn the next
oom and atone time gets a glimpse of tha
scene that heretofore was only seen by women
Ciasie Loftus is not only going to show
theatregoers how she acts Shakespeare, but is
also going to appear in comic opera, When
the Castle Square Opera Company — revives
“The Mascot” at the American on Feb, 1),
Miss Loftus wil! take the part of Letina
Foilowing May Irwin's stay at the Bijou,
shich will come to anend on Feb, 17, William
. Brady and Joseph KR. Grismer will produce a
ew piay there, It isa musical farce by MJ.
oyle, ealled “Aunt Hannah.” Clay M. Greene
la now at work on lyrics for it, and A. B, Sloane
composing the music
Mrs. Langtry will recite a
ritish poem by Mrs. Harte
hantant at Sherry’s on Feb. I
Della Fox's continued illness will prevent
berfrom appearing in ‘Hearts Are Trumps”
when that melodrama is produced at the Gar-
den two weeks from Monday, Jessie Bualey
will take the part that Miss Fox was engaged

atriotia
the Café

new
at

or,

Mra. Clement Scott will probably be seen on
he stuge in aone-act play written for her by
her hustand, while she ts in New York this
season. John Blair says he will act Hamlet
thisspring. The time orplace for neither of
these appearances has been arranged yot

 

 

 

Cissie Loftus to Join the Castle Square
Opera Company,

Cissie Loftus is not going toact in “As You

Like It’ with Mme. Modjeska or do any of the

various ambitious things that have recently
been suggested, She has been engaged to

singin comic onera at the American Theatre
and willbe beard there teat in “The Mascot”

 

 

on Feb. ly) Her vaudeville engagements have
been canee led and she will be a prominent
member of the company, iss) Loftua save

 

 

that she has wanted to sing the part ottinn
ver si! ce she ippeared as the goose girl in
The King's Children” in London,

Nordica in ‘Aida,

Mme. Noriica isto be heard at the Saturday
matinéein “Alda” forthe first time this year
The American prima donna is to be seen in en-
tirely new costumes so picturesqueness in that

artienlaris not to be confined entirely tothe

ther Ainerican representative in tbe role To
night “Die Meistersinger” will have its second
fepresentation and at the popular Saturday
vening performance there will be still mor

fagnerfor “Der Fliewende Hollaender” isto

» sung with the same cast by which it was

iven here first three weeks ago,

Eames Will Not Sing To-néght.

Emma Eames « suffering froma slight cola
apd will be ooulie to sing in “Die Meister.
Singer’ this eveniog. Her place as Fra will be

ken by Mme, Gadski, who had Intended aing-

ng this part for the first time in New York

terinthe season. Owing to Mme. Eames's
indisposition she has consented to hasten her
@cbut in the role.

 

ACTRESS CAN'T PAY FOR WER GOWNS,

Amanda Fabris to Be Examined tn Her

Dreasmaker's Procecding,

Amanda Fabris, an actress, has been sume
moned to appear in supplementary proceed.
iugson Feb, (in an attempt that Mra. Mol-
lio O'Hara, dressmaker of 350 Lexington
avenue, is making to collect a judgment for
8440.50, The actress, according to Willlam
Koehl of 5 Beekman street, Mrs. O'Hara's laws
yer, Iga cousin of Finma Juch and also @ per-
sonal friend of Mrs, O'Tlara’s, and when sho was
preparing toappearin “Brian Boru” and before
thatin 1805 ran upa dressmaker’s bill with
Mrs. O'Hara's friend, amounting to $H14, of

 

which Mrs. O'Hara bas collected S170. Julina
Lehman sald that the attempt toexamine his
ellont in supplementary proceedings Wie
foolish, as Mr, Kooh! knew very well that sha
had no money at band

“she'll pay when she ean.” he said. The ex

amination will bein Mr. Lehinan’s offlee

Mr. August Spanuth, the actress's husband,
said last evening thatthe debt had been eon-
tracted before be married her about a year
avg». “We have never hada thought of repue
diating it,” heaaid. “But we have been unable
to pay everything at once. The matter bas
been leftin the bonds of our lawyer, solely
for the purpose of securing an arrangement
vermitting us to settle the debt by degrees,
The publicity whieh has now suddenly been
given tothe affair surprises me and [have rea-
son to beleve that itis being used us aclub over
my head to insure an immediate settlement,
IT may wld that this would never have come to
pass had my wife bean able to eolleet on say.
eral judgements Which she holds against theat-
rical Arms.”

 

 

Nordica and Schumann-Heink Give a Con-
cert,

Mme. Schumann-Ieink, who alone has
enough admirers to fll Carnegie Hall, and
Mme. Nordica, who is probably nearly as pope
ular, were heard together in concert yesterday
afternoon in the big music hall at Fifty-seventh
street and Seventh avenue, Mme, Schumann.

Heink sang chiefly songs by German
composers in which she has already been
heard here, These included four numbers

Lieb und Leben,”
Rubenstein’s

from Schumann's “Frauen
Brahma's “Sapphisches Ode.”

“Pe Blinkt der Thall,” a song by Robert Franz
and Lisats “Drei Zigeuner.”) The German
contralto is known as an excellent lieder

singer, and a3 she was in good voice yesterday
afternoon the audience found much toapplaud
in her performance, Whatever her vocal con
dition may be, Mme, Sechumann-Heink's dra-
matic temperament and the warmth and ene
thusiasm of her personality are certain to
make animpression. Yesterday the audience,
which was almost wholly feminine, fell readily
under the spell of her unique charms,

Mine Nordica ina group of light eompost-
tions ehowed that her tacility as a singer had
not wholly deserted her untf! she took tothe
Wagnerian roles, Her selections yesterday

 

  

 

  
 

 

were two songs by MeDowell, “The Robin
Sings” and “Conataney,” “La Rose” by Am-
hert Webber, a most inartistic disarrangement
ot Chopin's “Nocturne,” Grieg’s “The Swan,”
Hahn's “Si Mes Vers’ and anew serenade by
Richard Strauss. Mine, Nordica’s singing of
the Chopin number was not precisely the
kind necessary to make tolerable such a per-
version of music not intended for they i
and it might be suggested to a dramatic so-

prano thatthespirit

istinherline, It takes adegree of

song isnot)

archness and dainty coquetry that an Isolde
or Brunnhilde may lack exeusably, “Cone
staney,” by MeDowell, isa very charming song,
and Mme. Nordica delivered. it. well. Two

duets by Rubenstein and two by Mendelssohn
showed the art of the two singers simultane.
ously and ended the concert in enthusiasm
One feature of its success was the sympathetic
and artistic playing of the accompaniments by
bh. Kh. Simmons,

THE CHARITY BIL,

Brilliant Assemblage atthe Waldorf-Astoria
Last Night,

There was a large and brilliant assemblage
at the Charity Ball which was held last night
at the Waldorf-Astoria. The big ballroom was
the rendezvous for many fashionable people
The popular dancing ec! were well
represented, The members of Mrs, Benjamin
8, Church's ¢ who were at the danee,
attended first the dinners given by Mrs. Robert
Nicol and Mrs. Henry M. Eaton, who chap-
them iater The members of the
Wednesday Cotillon were also at the ball in
fores, with Mrs, Oliver L. Jones, Mra, Law.
rence and Mra. Boothby tochaperone the young
Mrs, Algernon 8, Snuilivan badin her

isses also

‘ass,

women
party Mr. and Mrs. John H. Hammond, Dr
and Mrs, Glover Arnold, Miss Arnold, Miss

Duffield, Miss Geer and Miss Weeks,

There were no floral decorations, By
o'clock a number of the prominent women
who are managers of the Nursery and Child's
Hospital were inthe ballroom, It was consid-
erably after 10 o'clock, however, before the
grand march was arranged, Among those who
participated inthe march were Mrs, Algernon
8. Sulliv Mrs. William M. Kingland, Mrs,
Frederic N, Goddar!, Mrs. Henry Milla Day
Mrs. Edward Oothout, Miss Caroline H, Patter-
son, Mrs. Francis 8. Arnold, Mrs. William Bar-

 

     
  

 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

        

   
   

 

bour, Mrs Edward J. terwind, Mrs,
Oliver Bronson, Mrs Charles FP. Bure
dett, Mrs M. Dwight Collier, Mra
Malcolm Graham, Mra, Chester Griswold,
Mrs. George L. Gillespie, Mrs, Thomas
Hicks, Mrs. Lewis A. Hyde, Miss Helen D.
Hunt, Miss Ogden. Jones, Mrs. Bentamin
Krower, Mra. J, A. Lattman, Mrs, Ji seph rT,
Tow, Mrs. Edward Mitchell, Mra, Charles F
MacLean, Mrs. Joseph Mi!lbank, Mre. Robert
Nico!, Mrs, Willfara Rhinelander, Mrs, Louls L.
Stanton, Mra. Joseph Stickney, Mra, E. Pope
Sampson, Miss Mary Ko Smitth, Mrs. Jonathan
Thorne. Mrs, Alexander Van Nest, Mrs. J. H
Wright. Mrs. Louis Fo Whitin and Mrs. John
Dunn Wool, Mr. and Mr je Trget, ren,
and Mra, Roe, tt Culver, the
Hon. and Mrs : Thomas, Dr
and Mrs. Mittend and Mrs. J. Gi,
Schermerhorn, Mr Burling Law.
rence. Gon. and Mrs md Mr. and
Mrs. Henry Fro, Jr
‘he members of the Floor Committee, headed
by the chairman, Alexander 3 Hadden,
werealsointhe line These ineluded Henry ¢
Adama, Charlies Ao Apy om, Grrosvenor \ttere
bury, Samuel D, Babeoek, dr, J, Searle Barelay,
Ashbel H. Barney, George FP. Bartholomew,
homas F. Bayard, George 8, Breweter, Frod-
ick H. Burlngham, Waleer Coles Cabell,
Douglass Campbell, ar Nieotl Croaby,
James de W. Cutting, in Day, Frederta
Ashton de Peyster Domintok, Jr.,
Gano 8. Dunn, Langdon Erving, Prederie
A, Juilliard, Freder vchan, Thomas
Colston Kinney, Dr g Robert F
Lewis, Flectus, D Diteafleld, BE. Vietor Loew,
Heth Lorton, Walter 8. Matthews, William

MeLaugblin, Davide M. Milton, Benjamin W,
( lonson Morris, Riehard LL. Morris,
Nash, Jr, Rudolph Neeser, Gros.

 

 

 

      

 

 

 

 

 

     

 

    

 

venor Nicholas, John A. O'Connor, William H.
Owens, Jr, dames Henry Faleoner, Jr, Wil-
liam Foulke, Lawrence Levis Gillespie, Arthur
Goadby, Richard PF. Goldshorough, Walter 8,
Gurnee, Sd; Eugene Ff. Hawkins, Erskine
Hewitt, Loring 7 Hildreth, Renwiek ©,
Hurry, Phontx Ingraham, Frank Johns,
H. Tuthill Spenee, Joseph Earle Stevena,
John Steward Tanner, Dwight W aylor,
Guy Van Amrings, Killaen Van Rensselaer,
William DD. Washington, Willlam A, Watson,
hk. W.G. Weling, Evert Jansen Wendell, Are
thur Skelton Wily, Henry Bogert Winthrop,
Fdward (. Parish, How: ‘. Perrin, Amos R
FE, Pinchot, Robert Grennell, T. J, Oakley
Rhine ander, Franklin A, Plummer, Harry Pel.
ham Robbins, Kenneth PD. Robinson, Arthur FP
Kohmerhort Burrett H. Shepard, Sehuyler
Schieff Fugene Southaek and Frederick
Oukley Spedden,

A quadr pened the ball, the lady man-
agers selecting partners. from among the
floor committees and from among the
ofiieers oof the nearhy army posts an!
the Navy Yard The Meers in ful
dress uniform, were the guests of the mun.
agers. After the quadrille and during the first
dancing the inanagers reeeived in a group
on the dais, Supper. was served in the
palm garden and restaurant To prevent
crowding arrangements had been made to
recefve the manavers, guests, committee mem-
bers and boxhollers af th Thirty-fourth
street entrance of the hotel, and ticket holders
at the Thirty-thirt street entrance

rhe} Is of the ball go to the Nursery
and Child's Hospita

  

The Marstonmoor Floated,

Norronk, Va,, Fob, 1.—The British steam-
ship Marstonmoor, which went ashore Monday
at New Inlet, near Cape Hatteras, was tloated
at So’clock to-night. Sheis anchored off shore
there, using her own steam and apparently
uninjured, The Pritish) steamer Ariost
ashore — oat Ocracoke, N, ¢ was over
turned by the seas th week, and (led with
water The tug Rescue, which returned to her
side toeday, will start pumping on her to.
morrow The Moerritts be they will yet

beable to save the steamer,

Robert Bonner Will Contest Opened,

The contest of the will of Robert Bonner was
formally opened before Surrogate Fitzgerald
yesterday and adjourned on consent until Feb
14. The will is contested by David MeClure
as special guardian of Robert Allen Bonner
and Lawrence Kip Bonner, grandsons, who
object to the will because tt provides that in
case of their death during minority their two
uncles andvaunt shall have their share, They

 

are the children of Andrew Allen Bonner, a de-
Ceased son of the testator,

{Mr. Webber's pretty little |

j daiand

| be a flaht over ft.

STATUS OF PUERTO RICO,

IMPORTANT CHANGE IN THE PRO-
POSKD TARIFF ARRANGEMENT,

Tariff on an Imported Article Less
Than the Internal Revenue Tax in the
United States—Is the Island a Part of the
United States Under the Constitution?

Wasninaron, Feb, 1.-The House Republi-
cans who are preparing the bill to be reported
from the Ways and Means Committee as a sub-
stitute for the Payne bill, providing certain
legisiation for Puerto Rico, have decided on an
important provision in the proposed tarlff ar-

No

rangement between the island and the
United States, Ly the terms of this measure
it Is proposed to avold the possibility

of enabling manufacturers to locate in Puerto
Rico and, by taking advantage of favorable
legislation, to compete seriously with manu-
facturers in the United States, To guard
against this it haa been arranged that no tarlilf
duty shall be assessed on an article {imported
from Puerto Rico less in amount than the in-
ternal revenue tax to which the same article
may be liable in the United States,

This proposition reats, of course, on the as-
sumption that the internal revenue laws of
this gountry will not be extended over tho
Island of Puerto Rico, It ts represented that
under this condition, without a apecial provis-
ion inthe tariff law affecting Puerto Rico, it
would be feasible for a manufacturer of cigars,
for example, to locate in the island and ship his
product to this country, greatly damaging the
elgar manufacturing industry here, The Puerto
Rican manufacturer,having no internal revenue
tuxes to pay and only a reduced tariff tax,
could ship his goods to the United States
markets and defy the competition of American
manufacturers, who would be obliged to pay a
revenue tax higher than the tariff on Puerto
Rican cigars. It is held that the same con-

dition would apply to any. other industries
whieh might. be established in Puerto Rico,
the product of which is the subject ofan inters
nal revenue tax in the United States.

The bi introduced in the House by. Repres
sentative Payne some time ago has been so
modified in the Ways and Means Committee
that the forthcoming measure will bear no re-
sembiance to the original bli. Mr, Payne has
heen obl ged to reeede from all the principal
provistous of hia bill, including the most im-
portant arrangement for free trade

It is expected! that the Ways and Means Com-
mittee, at a meeting to be held to-morrow,
will consider the report of the special subs
committee appointed several weeks ago to
construe the meaning of the Fords “United

Is

 

States” in the Constitution sub-com-
mittee was appointed in accordance with a res-
olution offered in the Ways and Means
Committee by  Kepresentative Newlands
Several members of the committes
hold that it was never the inteu-

tion of the framers of the Constitution that the
words “United States” should apply. to terri-
tory that might be acquired outside the bound-
aries ofthis continent. Thiais used aa an ar-
gument that none of the outlying territory ae-
quired by the United States should be estab-
lished under our own Constitution. and taws,
and that therefore no steps should be taken
implying the right of these possessions to rep-
resentation in Congress

Kepresentative Russell, the member of the
Ways and Means Committee who first an-
nounced his opposition to extending the laws
ofthe United States over outlying territory,
made a statement toenight of his position
relative to free trade

“It has boen stated many times,” he said,
“that the Connecticut Senators and Represen-
tatives were oppose! to free trade. be-
the United States and Puerto Rleo
they feared that the Connecticut
interests would be injured, This
so, It is my behef not only
that the Connectient tobacco — interest
would not suffer from frea trade with the
island, but that no other. industrial interest in
the United States would suffer to any extent,
My opposit on rests, rather, on the prinetple
that no aetion should be taken which would
{mp vthat Puerto Rico is a part ofthe United
States under our Constitution and laws, en-
titled to the same method of representation

 

 

tobaeco
is not

  

ani taxation. I asked the representatives of
Puerto Rico fn the Ways and. Means
Committee yvester!ay if they would be satla-
fled with free trade, and = they sald they
would not; they sald repeatedly that they
wished to be regarde? as a part of

the Untted States and that they should expect
representation In Congress and ultimate state-
hood. It is on_account of this proposition for
equality that I oppose free trade with the
As for the Industries of the United
States, I do not believe that even the sugar
producers would suffer. Puerto Riean sugar
has always come to this market—ail of it that
was good, and the island cannot possibly more
than double her product, even if she sacrifices
ree part of her coffee industry, which is un-

 

 

al
ikaly
likely,

85,913,000 MORE CIT ¥ BONDS,
$2,250,000 for the Hall of Records Interior
—% 5,500,000 for School Buildings,

The Board of Estimate approved yesterday
the modifled plans of Architect John Kh,
Thomas forthe interior fittings and furnish.
{ngs of the new Hallof Records. The cost has
been cut from $2,500,000 to $2,250,000, tor
which amount bonds were authorized.

The Municipal Assembly must concur In this
bon | issue, and it ia expected that there will
The bonds for the building
itaelf were he!d up by the Municipal Assembly,
and nineteen Councilmen were adjudged in
contempt of court , A fi

The board also authorized the issue of $3,
100,000 bonds for school houses and. sites
$1,800,000. for Manhattan, ‘nd The Pronx,
€1,000,000 for Brooklyn, $250,000 for Queens
1 $150,000 for Richmond). Horgan & Slate
plans fora new wing to the Blackwell's
Island Penitentiary were approved, and bonds
for $13,000 were authorized for {ts erection,

PINGPANK BLOCKS THE

 

 

  

 

way,

of the Council's Employees Held

Up by the Comptroller,

When Comovtrojler Coler looked over the
list of names on the January payroll of the
Council yesterday he discovered the name of
Pingpank Kuguet, auctioneer’s process server
The Comptroller held up the payroll, and sent

Payroll

| word tothe Civil Service Commissionerthat he

couldn't understand Pingpank, and wouldn't
pay what he coulon’t understand, It devel-
oped that Pingpank is a barber whose shop
is at 413 Bleeekor street. On Jan, 12 Presi.

| dent Guggenheimer appointed him a process

server, without consulting the Civil Service
Comm igeion, at a salary of £00 a year,

The Commisstoners say that. they have
nothing todo with the employees of the muniel-
ml Assembly, The Council's employees want
heirpay, They willreeeive it as soon as the
tangle over Pingpank is straightened out,

 

BEAR SHADOW TRADITION,

 

It Is to Be Subjee toa Practical Test To-
day at Sacandaga Park,

Sanatoca, Feb. 1.-The Candlemas Day bear
sha low tradition will be subjected to a practl-
eal test at Sacandaga Park, near the border
line of Saratoga county, to-morrow, Some
time ago a six-year-old bear, owned by Harry
Taige, was placed in a hole, covered by a hut,
in which to spent the winter. The hear, how-
ever, tore down the hut and dug a bh of his
own in which to hibernate, He has been quiet
sofarand will not be disturbe | until te-more
row, When there will bea gathering of rota.
tors around the den to aee if the bear will
emerge toseek for his shadow, which, if it ap-
pears, will show that winter is only half over,
Several wagers of money have been made on
the result of the test

Oscar Hammersteto Sues for $70,000,

  

 

 

 

The trial of Oscar Hammerstein's suit for
£70,000 damages against the New York Life

Insuranee Company was begun in the United
States Cireuit Court yesterday afternoon be.
fore Judge Wheeler andajurv. Hammerstein
borrowed money from the insuranee con. pany
with which to build the Olympia in Longacre
Square, and gave the company @ mortgage on
toe building. The mortwawe was foreclosed in
1807, and the company construed Its terms to
cover the machtnery, statuary and other deco-
rations, Hammerstein saya that these articles
belong to him and that the mortgage covers
only the butiding proper, Ho is suing to re-
cover what he asserta waa the value of the fix-
ngs

 

Borden—€

Onanok, N.J., Feb. 1.—Miss dith Carovine
Curtis, daughter of the late George Curtis, was
niarried to-day at the home of Mr. Gardner
Coby, 4 Berkeley avenue, to Howard Seymour

 

 

Borden, son of Matthew. C. D. Borden of 25
Weat Filty-sixth street, New York. Miss Mary
Bradley of New York was maid of honor and
bo H. Borden, a brother of the bri tegroom, was
Jestmon. The ashera were Ashbel P Pitch,

Dr, Arthur Stokes, Arthur Doremus, Harry B,

Fisher, Sterling Foote and Corneliua N,
lisa, Jr. of New_York, There were no brides-
maids. The bride was given away by her

uncle, Arthur H. Bradley of Hartford,

NO MORE CONCISE AGGREGATION
of Real Fatate News is to be found in any
medium than that printed in Tas Bux each
day.~Ady

 

 

aaa

 

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY

 

 

WITH THK WILD THINGS.

 

Ernest Seton-Th s Charming Lecture
About Friends of His,

Wild creatures of the woods and flelds came
out at the call of Mr. Ernest Seton-Thompson
and disported themselves on hia stereopticon
screen ot the Carnegie Lyceum yesterday while
he expounded bits of their life history to the
huge delight of an audience, mostly amall boys
and girls, that tiled the hall to overflowing,
Most of Mr, Thompson's pictures are photo-
graphs or drawings by himself, and his
wequaintanceship with the social habits of the
wood-folk and mountain-rangers is @imazing
inamere human, He impresses one with the
feeling that he has shared the talrof the gray
wolf, herded with the antlered elk, labored
faithfully in the river and harbor construction
work of those marvellous contractors, the
beavers, aud raced with squirrels up tree
trunks for nuts, If Mr, Thompson had been
born with wings he could probably tell us what
the crows say when they wrangle in hoarse
convention over the resolution tou move south,

To begin with, the artist-author threw on
tho sereen a pieture of a little woodland area,
with a tree, some brush anda stump standing
dark against the snow-covered ground, and
enmeshed in many small tracks, These tracks
were the history, clear written for him who
could read, of @ tragedy, On the stump had
Bat a rabbit OW a little way Mr. Seton.
Thompson pointed out a depression in the
snow showing Where the Jittle creature had
leaped, frightened by somo foe, But no other
track appeared to indicate the pursuer, It was
no false alarm, nevertheless, for here bunny
zig-zags, dodging about the stump; checking,
turning, zig-zageing again, and now there-are
apots on the snow; dark blood upon the clear
white. Shorter and shorter grow the rabbit's
leaps. Theend is soon. A little, torn carcass,
and near it twotriple marks of plnions and &
pair of x-like prints of feet show,

“Where the flerce owl, «wooping low,
Has done amurder in the snow.”

Not all of the lecturer's subjecta were eo
tragio, Forinstance, there was an excellent
photograt hota skunk, a gentlemanly, well-
vehaved, civilized, highiv-ecultivated skunk,
Mr, Seton-Thonipson avers, who used to come
into the house and stay as long os he felt ine
Clined and never transcended the strictest
rules of etiquette,

“Tewill, perhaps, surprise you to know,” said
he, “that within a quarter of a mile from here
there is a pet parlor skunk that has been a year
in that captivity and {s as well-behaved as the
best dog in this city,”

Rkunks are axcellent company, continued
the lecturer, and so are coons and hares and
foxes, but hisown. favorite is the gray wolf,
Then he showed pletures ofa wolf running a
deer while another wolf lay in wait across the

 

 

 

trai), and told how the wolf bunting is done
He gave the wolt’s hunting call, to. through
his) cupped hands, and it was a thing
to send jey thrilis up and down one’s
spine Then the deer came in tor
their share of attention, and incidentally some
very beautiful snow photographs from the
Rocky Mountain country were shown, There
was one photograph of a band of elk that
looked to be l50 strong Other pictures showed

 

Single elk, one a splendid buek whom Mr, Se-
ton-Thompson had challenged to Nght by “bu
Bling at him’; but when the antlered warrior
stepped forth breathing battle from his curling
nostrils, the challenger took. his picture and
inglorious y climbed atree, It took the
vices of & megaphone to enable the leeturer to
repeat the elk's rallengwe, Which, he says, is
the most thrilling sound in nature. As he gives
it, it hasn't the weird, unearthly pathos of the
wolfery, but one can readily imagine that,
heard aeross a valley at night, it would contain
suflcient thrill to satisfy the most demanding.
A tine drawing of a mountain lion leaping for
and missing a pair of deer was also shown
Somewhere out in Wyoming the lecturer ran
aeroas a colony of beavers, and proceeded to
intrude upon their privacy until he got pictures
ofthem at Work, after which he made plans
and specitteations of their house, their dams,
their canals, and even their wood-catting
operations in various stages, If ever private
Nite was dragged into the glare of publicity, it
was in the case of those beavers. He told how
the blackbirda get around and seold at the
Jaboring builders until one of them, with a
sudden dipand sweep of his powerful. broad
tail, would shower the flock with water ond
send them angrily whirring into the tree-t
Several fine specimens of the “new hunting,”

 

ser.

  

   

 

 

 

2, 1900.

  

  
  

 

ee

THEY OPPOSE BROUGHTON.

PROTESTS AGAINST THE REMARKS
OF THE GEORGIA PREACHER,

His Reflections on the Charactor
Stenographers Stir Many to Say and
Write Things About Hime Critl-
cles Churches tn This Neighborhood,

The Kev, Len G, Broughton of Atlanta, Ga,
who is to wind up his work in the revival
movement in Brooklyn on Monday, made the
principal address yesterday at the noonday
meeting in Association Hall, This ts @ part of
what he said; “Christ is standing and knock-
ing at the doors of thechurehes, [know L will
be criticised, but I want to say there are
churches {in Brooklyn and New York that put

 

of Girl

Jesus outside and want to manage things
themselves, There are such churches
everywhere, Christ will not reign in any

church that does not bow down to him as the
Son of God,”

The remarks made by Dr. Broughton reflect
ing on the character of girl stenographers have
froused much adverse comment and formal
protests against his continuance in the revival
fleld in Brooklyn, Principal Henry C. Wright
of the Long Island Business College, from
which scores of girl stenographers are gradue
ated, declared yesterday that he was seriously
thinking of baving Dr. Broughton prosecuted
forsiander, “This man’s utterances,” he sald,
“are scandalous an@ libelous, and if he doesn’t
leave town Immediately be should be placed
under arrest, Lam surprise! that any one
connected with the Young Men's Christian
Assogiation should have anything to do with
iM

The controversy stirred up by the Rey, Dr.
Broughton’s remarks has evoked this letter
from the Rev. Cornelius L. Twing, rector of
the Calvary PE. Churen:

“In m brary there isa book called ‘Letters
From Hell.) I do not eare much for it. If,
however, my good friends of the press are to
Oo Where the devil is preparing 4 place to roast
them inthe hereafter, as Dr. Broughton de-
elares, T do hope when they get there that
they will be sure to write me some short, racy
letters, I would like to hear from them. Tam
sure that they will not meet as many stenogras
phers and typewriters as we have been told
were onthe waythere, Their good character
an! true womanly virtues, in spite of the awful
wor pronounced upon them by this imported
reviva ist, may enable them to rest on that
side ofthe gulf where Abraham ts taking it
easy, Lexpeet to meet lots of editors, report.
ers, printers and printer's devils in the place
where ‘rest is sweet after strife,’ and where
‘soft buzzing slander’ cannot destroy an honest
name.”

 

   

Dr. Broughton's Indecent Insult to Stenog-
raphers,

To tne Eprtor ov Tue Scx—Siry May TI offer a
wort! of protest against a statement made reecntly
by a clerzyman calling himeelf © Dr. Broughton”
that nine-tenths of women stenographers were
licensed to lewdnessa. 1am astenographer and have

never been offered an insult, either directly or indi
rectly, by any employer or business associate, and
believe thata wirl who respects herself can take cara
of herself in any position, and will not be subjected

 

 

to insult from any man ho matter how depraved he
may b
The Rev, Len Broughton must have had a large
acquaintance with @ very questionable class of
women to arrive at such @ conclisior I fail to ae
} wherein a wholesale condemnation of stenographers
is wooing to “revive religion’ or help ua to live bet-
ter lives, A STrNOGRAPHER
New Yorks, Jan. 31,
To tar Eprror oy Tak Stx—Sir: This indirect

as Mr. Seton-Thompson calls camera-shooting, |

are shown; the work of a Mr. Shiras of Pitts-
barge, who has devised a night-trap whereby
nocturnal animals apring the camera and set
offa flashlight at the same moment, thereby

taking their own pletures, Some of the pict
ures ofdeer taken in this way were wonder-
fully -pirited, The process was all over be
fore the subjects hadtime to pose, One ofthe

 

bictures shown was a photograph of “Wahbh,”
the hero of the “Biography of a Grizzly

 

is he

lay dead in the poisonous vapors of Death
Gulch. The lecture was for the benefit of the
ethical euiture schools and alumna free kine

dergarten,

CHURCH TRUST ADVOCATED,

Rev. Dr, Hyde Says Competition Among
Denominations Should Be Restricted,

In response to an invitation sent out
committee of eighteen ministers belonging to
the Federation of Churches and Christian
Workers in New York, about sixty clergymen

bya

of various denominations from moat of the
larger cities in the Enat met yesterday
for a conference to promote federative action
among churches and church workers in
the United — States, The first session
was held yesterday afternoon in the
parlors of the Young Men's Christian

Association in Twenty-third street, William
k. Dodge was made permanent presiding of-
fleerof the conference, A committee was ap-
pointed on plan and scope, which will report
this morning on the advisability of appointing
& permanent committeo with power to call
conferences and distribute literature {nan ef-
fort toextend the work of federation. In an
address delivered at the afternoon session, Dr,
Kk. B, Sanford deseribed the present status of
tederativa chureh work. The history of the
federation of Protestant forces, ho said, was a
record for the most part of work outside the
churches in a host of philanthrople and chari+
table organizations which bad brought about
conditions so fraught with evil that a ery of

protest and alarm had heen raised on every
side.

Ife pleaded for federation among the
churches done In an interdenominarional but a
business-like way, and said that eomity should
take the place of competition both in mission.
ary work and other church enterprises

At the evening session, which was heldin the
assembly hall of the United Charities Builds

 
 

  

 

ing, addresses were made by the Rev. Dr FE
Walpole Warren, rector of St. James Episcopal
Church; President W. DD) Hyde of Bowdoin

College, and Dr, John H. Barrows, President of
Oberlin College, Dr. Warren advocated form-
ing committees of ministers for different dis.
tricts of the city to cooperate in ministering to
the people judiciously, but without. overlap.
ping. It should not be @ proselyting body, and
distinetion should be made between philane
thropy and evclesiasticisn Rach chureh ina
district, he sug@eated, should pay its quota
toward the supportof charitable enterprises,
such asa library forehurch poople, swimming
pools and gymnasiums,

“Lam here,’ said Dr, Warren, “to plead for
unity in this work. We want combination,
coneentration and consolidation trrespective of
eligion, except that great religion of love. TI
think from our meeting together there will be
agradual removal of a lot of the friction be-
tween our respeetive faiths,”

President Hyde of Bowdoin Collage told of a
jan of church federstfon in) Maine which
Rad worked successfully for ten years,
He deseribed the scheme as a re-
ligious — trust of tive denominations
forreducing competition, This trust, he said.
had quiekened religious interest and had
revented denominations from serambli
sreonverts by encoursging Christians to y¢
denominations promising the greatest uselul-
nessfoacommunity. [thad built one church
from the contribulions of the members of the
trust and had regulated the number of
ehurches tothe population

“A tenth part. suid Pr. Hyde, “of the com-
mon sense and energyand enterprise and tact
that goes into the formation and management

 

  

 

    
   
  

 

ofatrust inthe business world every day
applied to this pre mof restricting competi-
tion between fret rurches and establishing
offeial cooperation between the great mission.
ary boards would strengthen hundreds of
feeble churches, encourage thousan: of
struggling ministers and in the end «@

 

 

diminished expenditure and inereased «

fency millions of dollars
The tinal session of the conference will be
held this morning at the Young Men’s Chris-

tian Association.

HIs SECOND ARREST FOR RIGgaMyY.

Harmon Escaped Once, Wite No, 2 Fleeing
to Save Him--This Time She's Detatned.

William J. Harmon, alias J. A. Sutton, was
arrested at his home 377 Faat Soventy-secon !
street, yesterday, on an tudietment for bwamy
found Inst May, Harmon spent forty-six days
inthe Tombs then, but was discharged on his
own recognizance beenuse his second wife fled
to New Jersey to avoid testifying against his
Wife No 1 learned a few days ago that wile No
2 was living with Harmon in New York aga.
ani had both gathered In, The second wife
this time was seat to the House of Detention
asa witness,

 

| geors the foree, has saved thirty persons |
fron yyning. The medal has this Inserip-
tion

| Fstate News is

insinuetion againet the good name of @ respectable

Class of wage earners is @ disgrace to the man who is
guilty of making any commeut of such @ nature,
oe ally fromthe pulpit. If it is only opportunity
thatis needed, in order to descend to lewdnes, tha

if the
evil pasel

ministers zospel are in position to indulge
their na to & much yresterextent than
anyother profession, They are called upon to sym
pathize with and console the f their flock
men's flock, especially
This partof their professional

mem bora
a well as members of other

the female members

work is im the seclusion of the home oF in some
other retired place, and wh» knows but this is lis
opportunity, Alas!often has ft been, Sometimes
he is detected and brought to public shame, but not
always, Such freaks as this man should, in all
conscience, be eliminated from evangelistic work,

Christ and Him crucified
A Preseyrkiias

Preach a pure gospel

 

To The Enrror or Tur Sus—Sirs The utterances
of Dr. Broughton, that “‘nine-tenths of women stenog-
raphers are licensed to lewdness,” are unworthy a
theologian. The women iu this instance ndeed
issailed, but what then can be said of their employ

   

ere? You emy
they lewd women

loy stenographers in your Are
A stenographer mysell, | am ae-
ntimately with «large numberin the pro
fession, and Tam able to voneh forthe virtue of a
greatinany, while as to the lewdness of one l would
be unable to swear, Pure-minded men are not in-
thoughts and therefore do not
Having prospered ao long without the

10e,

qua nted

 

epired with such

voice them

 

Qssistance of this sensational evangelist, let us hope
he } soon return to his home, where doubtless
they are in vreater need of hisservices than we

Niw Yous, Jan 81, AN INtengsrip Reapen,
To THe Foiron or Tur Su~—Sir: IT see the Rev,
Jen Broughton reiterates his statement that women

 

stenograplers are ‘Licensed to leowdness,” and that

Hine tenths of all the stenographera have more of
an opportunity to become lewd than any other pro-
fession.,’ That any right-minded gentleman, es-

 

pecially a minister of the gospel, should make this
Startling accusation, without any further evidence

than that Women stenographers are “behind closed
doors,” is to toe asad signof the degeneration of
be pulpit. Because they are behind closed doors,

ia that anf evidenee that they must necessarily
become lewd Nonsense

Why should he ut the woman stenographer
and attack her with tprove? No

ent

wl
‘alutmmnies he cann

  

   

rwhat occupation a woman follows, she is
to temptation, and Ido not believe that the
Woman stenographer is open to any more tempta

tions than the actress, the saleslady, or the servant

  

 

       

girl, On the average, no more women stenowraphe rs
become lewd than those of the callings I have men. |
toned Because we hear of acase of a woman
stenographer poing wer 1 are weto
judge the whole ilitles f
th wi? 1 several
niinisters’ wives who were not all they vaht
to be, but far be it for me to Jud. ull the wives of
ministers for the faults of the fow When such a
statement asthisis made from the polpit it carrica
iphtandin many insta 8 4 more harm

   
  
    

 

1 Has it come to this thitall women
heramuat be looked upon with suspicion?
Women not follow nography forthe toy f it

  
 

but becanse by it t ean earn aygood living. anda
woman stenographer can be as virtuous asa min-
ister’s dunuhter Nowadays there is too much pan
dering among clergstuen for cheap newspaper noto-
Piety and itis about ime steps were taken to stop it,
New Youu, Jan, 41 FP, X. McCanruy,

Nae

 

 

 

 

YARD

NOTE

 

The Prairie Leaves for Baltimore—Threat-
ened Strike of Bricklayers,

The cruiser Prairie left the Navy Yard in
Brooklyn for Baltimore yesterday morning.
She carried exhibits tor the Paris Exposition,
At Baltimore she will take on a large quantity
of agricultural exhibits. She will also carry
the crew that is to bring to this country the
cruiser Albany, a sister ship of the New Or.
leans

Specially prepared canvas is being made
into saila atthe Navy Yard for the naval trans.
ports and old type cruisers. A test will be
niadeof the new sails a8 soon as the cruiser
Butfalo fs put into commission,

The Brickmakers’ Union has threatened a
strike in the Navy Yard unless orders are {s-
sued making Saturday a half holiday. The
Department of Yards and Dooksa has no au.
thority to make the change and the union has

 
 

>| to lay the matter before ¢ ongress

ror A BRAVE POLICEMAN,

Sergt. Gorman Ras Saved Thirty Lives in His
Twenty-four Years on the Force,

been advise

 

MEDAL

 

   

William Hi. H. Moore, President of the Life
Savers’ Heneflt Association of Now York sent
tothe Pollee Board yesterday a gold medal to
be presented to Sergt, Michael Gorman of
the police boat Patrol, who, in hia twenty-four

 

 

Presented to Sergt, Michael Gorman of the New
York Police in recognitt f his extraordinary re
ord f urage and humanity in saving thirty pes

a from death by drowsiny during hia twenty-fors
@ in the department,
", tWOr

years of sory
Jan.
The board commended Polleeman Kennedy
of the Thirty-tfth street station for at prin
runaway horse at Lexington avenue and Tw

ty clghth street at great personal risk on Jan
1, 100

   

Growth of Columbia University.

The annual catalogue of Columbia University

       

which appeared vestorday shows an astonish.
ing growth in all departments, The re \*
tion figures show that there are 3,084 8 ’s

iinet 2050 last year, There are also dal)

xtension students and 801 seholara in the ex

tat sehoois, bringing the total up to

 

 

 

‘
!
4.02
A MATTER OF INTEREST TO REAL
ESTATE DEALERS.

. 1 Satisflod Liens,” ‘Lis Pendens” and
oreclosure roe "and other necessary sa
, : Printed in complete detail eac

day in THe SUN. You need this in your busi-

ness, No othe
this detail ie tPeF Gives auch attention to

 

4 LETTER FROM BISHOP WIGGER,

 

Bubonic Him From

Reaching Bethlehem on Christmas Day,
SouTn Onanow, NoJI., Bebb A letter w
recelved yesterday by the W, George Doane
O'Neill of Seton Hall College from Bishop W,
M, Winger of the Newark diocese, saying that
because of the bubonic plague the Bishop had
been unablo to reach Bethlehem in thine to
offer mass there on Christmas Day as he ox.
Tho letter was dated Jan, (at

Bishop Wigger was accom.

pected to do,
Cairo, Egypt.
panied on his trip bythe Key L. ©. M. Carroll
of St. Patrick's Church, Jeraey City
|

Vingue Prevented

 

 

 

On Dee

12 Bishop Wigger had aspecal audience with
Pope Leo at Rome. A week later he embarked
atan Austrian port for the Holy Land The
plague compelled the captain to. go bya cirs
tuntil Deo, 27 that
There the Bishop ond
by the Rev John
Church, Newark,
leave of absence,

 

cultous route and it wast
he reached Bethlehem

Father Carrol! Wwere4joined
Poels, rector of St. Jonna
who is abroad on a year's
Masa was offered by Bishop Wigger at Bethle-
hem on Jan, 1, From lethlehem the party
went to Cairo, where Bishop Wigger says he
intends to remain two months, His health, he
writes, has improved since he reached Genoa,

NEW SCHOOL COMMISSTONERS,

Three Appointed Yesterday by Mayor Van
Wyck for the Borough of Queens,

In the reorganization of the Board of Educa-
tion of the Borough of Queens yesterday Mayor
Van Wyek appointed W. H, Cahill, a member
of the Democratic Club of the Second ward
and a builder, in place of former Commissioner
Simonson from Newtown; sehultheiss,
a florist of College Point, to take. former Come
missioner Pauly’s place, and W. HH, Thornbury,
a pharinaciat, to take the place of former Com-
missioner Chapman of Jamaica, It ¢s anders
stood that Commissioner Thornbury has had
considerable experience in school affairs, All
three appointees: are Democrats, Mayor Van
Wvek is anxious to get School Commissloners
who will not involve the Dopartment of Educa-
ion in tangles,

Anton

MARINE INTELLIGENCE,

MINIATURE

» 7:00 | Sun sets
HIGH WATER

Sandy Hook,..W:14

ALMANACTHIS DAY,

6:1) Moon rises. .8:57
THIS DAY

Hell Gate..11:50

Sun rises

Gov, I'd

O45

Arrived  Tacrspay, Feb. 1,

Westernland, Mills, Antwerp, Jan, 20

New York, Proctor, san Domingo, Jan, 17
Ss Erna, Brolin, Jamaica, Jar
Hugin. Fornebo, Progreso
Beverly. L-rael, Jamaica

lord, New Orleans
ry

20
Jan
Jan, 2
Jan, 27,
tk, Jan, 81

ok

Ss Pas»

y

    

Dole, Nort
hs Gate City, Googins, Boston,
Yeiuassec, Swan, Polat
8 Old Dominion, Durke

: Jan. St,
Iphia, Jan. 81,

bl.

 

 

, Boston, Jan

ARRIVED ovT.
Lahn, from New York, at Bremen,
Willehad, from New ¥
Advance, from New Y

Ss
Ba
Be

Bremen,
lon,

rk. @
rk, wt ¢

BAILEN FROM

Ra Trave, from Southamptor
Ba Col
Ss

FORTIGN PORTS.

for New York,
r New York
rN

mia, from Gen
4, frome €

‘at

Allan lont wor

 

    

  

 

 

  

Ss Werkendam, from Rotterdam for New York,
OUTGOING BTEAMSHIPS
Saul To-diy,

' Mails close, Vessel aarte,
Hugin, Pr o roo PM sOPM
lianea, Bel rooPM 300M
Erna Jains ‘ lou PM 300 PM
Itio Grande, Brunswick,..... ...... 800 PM

Saul To-morrow,
Teutonic, Liverpool.......6. HOOAM 1200M
| Werra, Naples vache yoo AM JLOO AM
| Maasdam, Kotterdam x00 AM IOOAM
Hekla, Clristivnsand 1LooAM oo PM
Anchoria, Glaszow,.... ooo AM ooM
( Tartar Prines, Avores » SOU AM 1Q0H0 AM
Palatia, Hamburg o » eeeets 7THOAM
Menominee, London,......- wWOOAM
Martello, Hull sece ‘
Silerno, Neweastle soe .
British Trader, Antwerp. ; ee f
Havana, Havana : 1D OOAM 1PM
| Madiana, Kermuda......... ‘OAM 1200M
| Alene Kinuston jolk o00 AM 2:60M
| Dean, Hastt ‘ wBOAM 1OOPM
| Olinda, Nuevitas a oo PM 800PM
Lishbonense Maranham, » 200PM 400M
Alwon juin, Charleston, ..... ceccoesess 800 PM |
Lampasas, Galveston ese Hover woo PM
} Louisiana New Orleans 800PM
! EL Rio, New Orleans o bereenrave 800PM
| Natl Tuesday, Feb, ¢
Saale, Bremen ‘ . TOOAM INOOAM
| Caracas, La Guayra eee LLDOOAM POORPM
Comanche, Charleston........ 60... .s8 B00 PM

 

INCOMING STFAMSHIPS,
due To-diy

  

 

CINAON, ceseercceeeees -Amaterdam,.....e.
1 Pordeans

An TA. csr crieerveneene ‘4

Hath ity SekbR OS Rwansea

Mariposa sorocecossooses SUNilorland

Menominee London cake

Hekla, oo. scseeeves seoeee Christionsand

Germanic... coocses DVerpool

Saale ee eee Bremen

Dresden * vent Hremen ‘

Tuscarora porceeeereres LOND

Mozart ‘es St. Lucia

Botta o + Hall '

Patricia Ham buried. ...00 0+.

POCGOIC: 6.060600 000deens Liverpool...
neca Havana bbe vena t

 

Tallahassee ek . Savannah
Due Tomorrow

| Albano,... Hamburg

 

   

 

Lucania Live pool.....
Rt. Pant... Cherbourg
Carribbes eoereree St. Kitts
GRENRAE. oc ccerevecesers Port Spain

Jacksonville
Sunday, Feb..
Havre

Comanche

dur

| La Champane,

  

| Btatendam + ie tt rdam... se.
Afyvhanistan..........55.5.. Gibraltar
Nordby ‘ » Hamburg 2
| Armenia ATi ee ae vee ily
; El Mar tresses eeeee NOW Orleans +» Jan, i0
| Dur Mondiy, Be
British King Antwerp Jan, 2%
Alabania . 2St. Luci Jan, 28
Cy ren 383 cove Mt. Lucia Jan, 2s

Dur Tuesday, Feb

Kensington

  

Taurt ee

Knight of St, George 5
Chicawo City or eee

Knickerbocker New Orleans,
j El Norte ave New Orleans
| hue Wednesday, Feb. 7%,
} Domin Para

 

Trojan Princ Gibraltar
Tergeste eves { ral
Nueces

Flaxman,.....

  

Allianya eves veeeee be ‘
re

Business Notices,
Mra. Winstow's Soothing Syrup for eh Aven

teething, softons the gums, reduces inflammation,
Allays pain, cures wind colic, diarrliwa, 25c. a bottle

wmrIpDD.
BYRNE.—On Feb, 1, 100, at her residence, 241
Columbia Heights, Brooklyn, Mamie J., in

2eth year, beloved danghter of James Byrne

 

 

 

 

Funeral services will be held at St. Charles B
meo's Chureh, Sidney pl, 10 A. M., Feb, 3,
1900 Relatives and friends are invited ¢
attend, Interment Holy Cross € y

DU BOtIs,—At Fishkitbon-Hideon, Jan, ot, tooo
Mary, daught rof the late Peter Cheosman ¢
Anne Simorton Du Bois, in the soth year of ber
age

Funeral services at her late residence on Sitar
day, Feb, 3, 1900, et 2 ofelock. Carriag vill
meet train onthe New York Centraland Hudson
River Railroad at b2:o¢ and 1148

DUNSMUIER, OuWi diesda Jan, 81, 1900, in his
47th year, Alosan ie

Diner r fon he
1 of \ ris, B.¢

 

late Hon. i rt In

and husband of Jos ie Dunsmuir
MILEER, At b. liidson, NOY. Jan

10 Elizabeth Lavenport, widow of Armand

Mille
| Funeral services at rlite residence Friday, Fe

10, atao Kk. Inte t privat

MILES. -At Pasadena, Cal nHdan. 21, 1000, bere

Valter Mills

Ke lative. and fri sa invited ¢ attomet the
| \

ab ser uithe Charch th: Heaven

Heat, Sth av, above 45th st no saturiay, Feb
| tioA M
|} POWERs.—On Wo dnestay, Jan 1, Wo, Joho
| h indof tl itu Ma mid futher of Kare t
| 1 le M. Powor hed ecsed Wasa t
| fi ty Waterford, Ireland

Fur i from his late residen ™ Monty

at vey City, on Friday, Feb. 2,1. 900-¢ t

rete ¢ whet

lebrated for th

CYPRESS HILLS CrMETERY,
onice, 1 Madison av., corner 244 Stes Ni ¥e

 

New Publications,

AMERICAN GARDENING.

 

lished at tue Live rt
] ABE BOOKS Bandello’s Tales, Pa

| Voltaire’s Philosophical Dietio: or
i
| ALL

scparate iosuos ’
street, New York

hilo # Stories,

PRAT/, 161 ith ay.

$1.50 books, vsc.; Transvaal from Within,”
92.16 net, Briton & Boer,s50, Malkuu,4 Williaa.

)) CHICKERING

 

 

| for

 

    

ee

 

A suit of gala cut, $30 to 850
—the kind that if not ready to
wear would cost you from 875
to SLOO,

A gala outfit complete :

 

Dress shirt $2.00
Studs 1.00
Cat buttons Loo
Silk hose 2.50
‘lie 25
Patent lew ber shoes
suit 60,00
Inverness overcoat 85.00
Gloves 2.00
Upera hat 7.00
cena
$105.75

For less if you don't want the best,

We make to fit.

A comfortable thought is a
cosy lined ulster, 815 to $30.

Rogers, Peer & Ca

850 Broadway, cor. Leonard,
6 Broadway, cor. Prince,
Thirty-wecoud and Broadway.

 

Art Sales and Exhiditions,

—

JAMES P, SILO, - + Auctioneer.

Fifth Avenue
Art Galleries,

366 Fifth Avenue.

THE
AUSTIN H. KING

(of Providence, R, |.)
COLLECTION OF

‘OIL PAINTINGS

of unusual merit
NOW ON FREE EXHIBITION
AT THE
Fifth Avenue
Art Galleries,

from 9 A. [1. until 10 P. M.
| and until time of sale by Auction,

Monday Evening, Feb.5,

AT

HALL.

MR, SAM P.AVERY, JR., will assist in
the management,

“There is not a bad picture, not even a
poor one, in the collection. The very least
that can be said about any one example is
that it is good, and from that we can run
the gamut of praise until we stop breathless
before rich, luminous coloring of
Sehreyer’s ‘Bedouins on the March,’ and
softly murmur, ‘magnificent.’

“Everyone who sees these pietures must
agree with Ruskin that neithera great fact,
nor @ great man, nor a great poem, nora
great picture, nor any other great thing,
can be fathomed to the bottom in a moment
of time.” -Home Journal,

he

“In nearly every ease the canvases are

| thoroughly representative, whichis equiv.

lalent to saying they are admirable exame
ples of the painters’ art. Few collections
seen here in recent years have equalled the
King pictures in merit."—N, Y. Press,

| “Almost every picture in this notable cole
lection is worthy Bf mention and the whole
produces an impression of decided merit.”

| N, Y. Sun,

 

| “Pictures That Stand Without a
Peer.”

‘AT CHICKERING HALL,

(DOORS OPEN AT 7:45)

Admission to Hall Free No Reserved Seats,
This (FRIDAY) Evening at
8 o’Clock, Concluding Sale,

Notable Collection

OF

American

| Paintings
| Belonging to

_W. T. Evans
of this city.
On View This Day Until Noon,

AMERICAN ART GALLERIES,

NEW YORK,

her

MADISON sOLARE SOUTH,

PHOMAS BE. RIBS ti
AMEKICAN ART ASSOCIATION, Managers.

New York,

Au

eer

M Square Sout

 

 

Sale,

SLAUGHTER BOOK SALE
GUILOING TO BE TORN DOWN.

f el gy rehandy blani ing,

vi New rk ! el Broad.

“or ks vr, dewer.pe

t ' ¥ fore offered in

! ' , etantard and) migcel-

' aol se plustrated gift

} t 4 \ t wed; @n-

' ' itannica,

} woyour Wis per trand school

briett

   

pres
NEW
betwe

 

-z-—

. n
residen fie bavi ais
HoOK PAXCHANG
avduth ats; open evento

OLD To retire from bitstness th coe
VIOLINS.Q ot owners siemiee ii-ellonusa
etock of tine oid Viol os and other valuabla Pass
at a barvain, ALOIS KKINEM, 37 ed Mn went
corner let ayv., Upstairs, '

   

ath

mn