tha ecklineaedaaal “9 pone eo calel

——
= ——

ROUTED OUTON STH AVENUE |

Momory Proves Poor in the ‘Inter
Ocean" Libel Case.

 

|
FIRE IN HBSS'S FURNITURE HOUSE |
DRIVES OFF, NEIGHBORS,

Curcaco, Feb. 1.—George W. Hinman, editor
of the /nter Ocean, testified in the Kohlsaat
| libel suit to-day tothe truth and justification

of S. P. | of the charges against the character of H. Hi.
Kohlsaat which were contained in @ letter

 

Ico Over EKverything—Dwellings

Avery, Harry P. Babbinn, sigh H, signed) by labor union leaders and
Webb and Duncan Cameron Emptied published in the Inter Ocean. Aaslse
—Mra, Percy Pyne Lewis Opens Her tone state Attorney Barnes continued
House to Kefugees and Serves Coffee jis fightto keep the truth from coming out.

g ' vera! blocks above Kohlsaat’s dealings with Benjamin B. Lamb
Fifth avenue for = Hehted last and the story of his borrowing from Lamb #e-
Thirty-fourth street was lighter = = curities belonging to the Storey estate, which
night by o fire that completely Gea eas was in process of adjudicativn in Judge Kohl-
the five-story building at the southeast suat'« court, Were again recited to the jury, Mr. |

corner of Thirty-eighth street oecupied by D
S. Hess, dealer in furniture and draperies, The
flames spread so raplily that the people living
in the adjoining houses belleved that thelr
homes would be destroyed,

Hinman and his counsel attempted again to
prove the charge that Mr, Kohlsaat had falsi-
fled the circulation figures of the Jater Ocean
while he was ita director a few years ago, but
objection was sustained, Mr. Hingan’s couneel

) ok in
The furniture re — ao again offered to prove that Mr. Kohleaat had
foet along Thirty-elkhth — str nt, pr Bair “kited” checks and had pursued a “dishonora-
zen who was passing shortly after ble and dishonest career in Chicago journal-

iam,” butthe Court sustained objections

Mr. Kohisaat was again on the witness stand
where he suffered many lepees of memory.
The defence succeeded in getting Into evideuce

o'clock saw flames shoot from the cellar Into
the basement show room. He turned in alarm.
and just then, Chief of Police Devery, who

jown the avenue in his) a written demand that Mr, Lamb had made on

™ wane 4 nd jumping from | Mr. Kohlsaat for the return of borrowad secur-
a ay Oe ee. OO itias on Dea. 14, 1M. This demand Mr, Kohl-
hia cab ran up the stoop of = saat sald he gould not reaum ber having. Fe:
‘ nd kicked open thes estved. Mr, Lamb identified ft, and teatifec

parsing bance be ‘ that Mr. Kohlsaat had telegraphed to him avon

door, believing that there might be some one
inside who was in danger. Learning from |
the watchman of a neighboring building

after he recelved it, The demand was for the
return of the securities within three days, and
Mr. Lamb said it was pot complied with, When

’ ; ag | questioned about defaulting on a note given to
that Hess's employees had all Kone Arete J. Singer for borrowed money Mr,
away, Devery rang = another Barn | Kohisaat again fallen to remember, | Trad

on the firemen got there the flanvs Edward Carroll, President o e Trades
care. Waa SS . | Council), testifled’ yesterday that he had ap-

had crept up through five floors at the = of | aluted’a cominittes to prepare an answer to
the building to the roof, They called more | \ohjisaat's attacke on that organization and
This committee signed the open

J Croker arrived and | its members
Snqines, _ = d » He ordered the | Jetter to Mr. Kohlsaat which was published in
tuok personal comman ! the Inter Ocean of Oct, 15, he said. On the pub-
men of Truck 4 to get their machine foxtion of this letter Mr. Kohleaat. bases his

j suitfor libel. Martin B. Madden, J, J. Ryan
| and Joseph Sullivan, members of the commit.
| tee, teattiled that they had signed the open
| letter and that they had taken coples of it to all

up on the sidewalk, A sixty-foot extension
ladder was raised against the front of the
building and the flremen took their pipes

Ww the believed) they had the | the morning newspapers in Chicago exeept

bo aor soatiel the discovery was; the gacord, pnd te tne Asacolaned Frese snd
City Press, The witnesses also sal ey hac

made that the flames had crept to the padno previous acquatatanes with Mr, Hin-

) manand thatthe letter had been prepared at
thelrrequest by William ©. Roberts.
\ number of editorialsfrom the Timea- Herald
and /ost, Kohlsuat’s papers, were introduced
inevidence, These made bitter attaeks on the

rear of the building and were breaking through
the windows on Thirty-cighth etreet. From
this side it seemed as if the flames would
spread to an adjoining stable and then to the

: : hirtwoola trect, | /nfer Ccean and its stockholders, While on
private residence in Thirty —. 8 - ie aitnten tana Ue Wincean’ @aieuess
The first of these residences, at NO. 4 13 that he had no personal antmosity against Mr,
occupied by the family of S&P. Avery, | Koh'saat and attacked him only after he had

been attacked.

 

They had juat gone to bed. The noise of the |
engines awakened them and they hurried into | Gaye 4C1OR M’DONALD'S BONDS.
the street, believing that it was their house | oceesenaliomints
that was in fumes. They refused to return to | No Surface Indications of Progress Toward
the house and went to the home of a friend, | Getting Them Signed,

Around in Fifth ave nue, the residents of the | Nothing appeared on the surface yesterday to
block between Thirty-seventh and Thirt¥- | indicate what Contractor John B, MeDonald
eighth streets hatalso become greatly alarmed, | wag doing toward getting bondsmen and aign-

 

 

 

The family of Harry Pelham —m ing the $35,000,000 contraet for building the
were all asleep in thelr home at 41! rapid tranalt railroad, but assurances were re-
next to the furniture building. One Of | yuated from many sources that he would find

the servants was awakenod by the smoke and

s bondsme ‘ \ qualify, eside
aroused the members of the family, belleving | hi ndsinen and duly quality, President

AMexander FE, Orr, of the Rapid Transit Com-

that the dwelling house wis ony
fire When the  Robbinses — got gut | mission, made a special point of repeating this
oie ther cot an to save their. valuables assurance to the reporters, although he dis-

and many paintings and pieces of bric-a-brae claimed any direct knowledge of what McDon-

and jewelry were carried to the home | ald had done during the day

‘er? Ye +i
of Mrs. Persy rye Le vie at +13 Fish | Rumors arose early in the day to the effect
avenve, The wor h Pht ea be ae on that Mr. McDonald had renewed negotiations
goods from t the che dain flually. crepe | With the surety companies, ‘These wore based
diseontined when e tlamas fina DC upon the fact that he was sean in conference

over to it and burned away part of the roof,
The occupants of the Turnure house at4l7 |
Hifth avenue, where the Duncan Camerons
live. and those of Mrs. William H. Webb's resi-
dence at 415 left their homes to avoid danger
and went to ancighboring hotel. |
Among the men who went up the extension
Jadder to the top floor after the fire in the

with President Lyman ofthe American Surety
Company and that his counsel, De Laneey Nicoll,
was seen in company with Andrew Freedman
of the United States Fidelity and Guaranty
Company. Mr. MeDonald, however, denied
that he had reopened negotiations with the
surety companies for bondsand Mr, Nicol! eald
his conference with Mr, Freedman was about

front of the building ned, P — abe | other matters. — McDonald's business with Mr.
tinguished and began to teh te re Lyman was said to have been about the bonds
that was in the rear 4 tne i ata ae | Upon which that company is a signer on the
HL A ae ren _— His - Jerome Park reservoir work, There was a
eamoke and was avasoons i ivi mpah- rumor that some influences which had kept
jong shouted to him, but ee OR De | the American Surety Company from helping
reply, went to hunt for | a hi en him out with the big Rapid Transit bond were
the found him, they carried him. to at work stirring up trouble for him on the older

the street through the front of the building,
Norris was carried to Mrs, Lewis's house and
was treated there by an ambulance surgeon |
from Bellevue. A few minutes later Foreman
Livingston of 2) Engine was overcome ly
emoke while working on the third floor, He, |
too, was carried to Mrs, Lewis's, Both men | of counsel for the Commission, said that no

recovered an! were taken home \ : ‘a was
At Lo’clock this morning, Chief Croker said | wack ies tees atortaned.

bonds.

There was also a lot of talk during the day
about the possibility of an application to the
Appellate Division by the Rapid Transit Com-
missioners for authority to reduce the amount
of the construction bond. Edward M, Shepard,

that the fire was uniter control and that it

 

 

would not spread to any of the adjoining prop- DOORSTOOP GARDENING,
erties He put the lossto building and stock | aabiigee
at $200,000. The furniture building was gutted | Expensive Plants Now Used to Decorate

and the cornice onthe
side was burned off,

The intense cold bothered the flremen not a |
little. The water froze almost as soon as it
struck the walls or the menon the ladders.
The firemen were soon coated with tee, andthe |
slippery footing on the sidewalk added tothe
Aifenity and discomfort of the work, Mra. Lewis
awakened her servants and had them prepare
lunch and coffee for the flremen Every few
minutes the firemen would run into her house
and get hot coffee or sherry and then return to
their work.

Phirty-cighth street | the Outside of City Houses,

Investments ranging all the way from $10 to
$300 are now made by city residents for the pur-
pose of decorating the exterior of their home with
ornamental greenery. This fashion comes from
Italy and France where, since time immemorial,
it has been the custom to embower the entrances
| of the great houses of Rome, Paris, &ec., in sbrub

bery, clipped and grown and potted in big tubs

for the special purpose of threshold embellish-
ment
Fuclish ivy, Italian laurel, privet dwarf cedar,

Canadian spruce, English yew or hawthorne and

Dutch box are some of the most popular and ser
| Vievable shrubs for doorstep use just inside the
Pryan, vseorted from Portsmouth by a delega- | glass storm doors or outside on the stone landing
tion headed by the Mayor of this eity, N. EB. | of the street steps. Mop headed Italian laurel
Martin, reached here at 3 o'clock this after. | trees are the mostexpensive in this kind of verdur?,
fora good healthy pair cost all the way from 850

NEW HAMPSHIRE

Dined and Lionized in Concord—Many Per-
sons Hear Him Speak.

Concorn, N.H., Feb. 1.—William Jennings

BRYAN IN

noon. Atthe railroad station he was greeted | if rs { Englial
: . 19, ¢ a ' to B250 Pine specimens of English yew come
re B:f 30 . }
by a multitude, Prom 3:30 to 4:30 & public next in estimation, while a richly leafed and
reception was held at the Eagle Hotel and quaintly shaped pair of Dutch box bushes are
spveral thousand persons shook the hand of | wonderfully ornamental, sturdy and valuable

Col, Bryan. From 4:30to 6 acomplimentary | Plain. xreen-paiited boxes or tubs give the proper
oothold to yo ese species of eve »
banquet, tentere! by the Demoeratic State | eee a7 2 See Neelegs {evergreen
Committee and attended by 250 prominent | a fresh opportunity for trade, are importing from
Democrats from every part of the State, was | Ttaly, France and) England time mellowed but
held at the Eagle Hotel. Atgo’clock the Third |
Regiment band serenaded fr, Bryan andat& |
o'clock a public meeting was held ina hall, en
trance to wh ch was sought by 5.000 persons,
hough but half that numbereoud getin, Col,
jryan spoke for more then an hour
In the morning Col Bryan will have a sleigh
ride about the city and soon after 11 0" }
will leave for Montpelier under an escort con.
and a speelal

eighteenth century gardens once

Barly inthe spring the smartly kept city house
willdisplaya brace offine privetor prettily bloom
| ing hawthorne bushes in green tubs, while pots
on the stone newel posts of rough green pottery
are filled with dwwerf cedars and at the bases of
seatlet geraniums bloom. In the lower
ws handsomely tiled window boxes of gera
l green vines are set, and such an ex

} these
n with
mint

   
 

 

ns at

 

 

rmisting of Col’ Henry O. Kent | terior decoration costs the owner 850 or 875, In
delegation from the Democratic State Com- | the autumn laurel trees in tubs replace the privet
mittee until there is danger of a heavy frost. which the

Nasnva, N.H., Feb, 1.—In his trip through | laurel does not often weather, ant then come a

couple of four or six sided box pyramids or hand
somely shaped steeple pointed yews, and the
window boxes are cleared and replanted with little
pines and sturly spruce and cedar, well bedded
end draned with the richest English ivy. The
result of all) this is to take away in no small de
gree from the stony hardness and monotony of
close-set resider reets, and against the new
louses of cream) briek, gray steno and white
marble the display of greenery is delightful

BELABORED BY A

Former Judge Van Hovenberg of Paterson
Assaulted inthe Street,

New England William J. Pryan stopped off at
Manchester while his parlor car was being
shifted from the Portsmouth branch to the
north-bound line, and addressed some 200 pers
fons Who had been waiting for him in the
rotunda of the atatior He said that while the
Demoerats hal gacned tn the bast they hal
Jost nothing inthe West and South To THE
SUN reporter he said be did not attribute the
shooting of Goebel to any one but the assassin, |

 

     

 

est

 

 

THIEVIS TNS) PORT LOGAN, WOMAN,

About $40,000 Worth of Praperty Stolen
by Soldiers With Outside Help, j

Denver, Col, Feb 1.—Fort Logan has heen a a _

rifled by thieves and property worth about I AT ERSON, N.J., Feb. 1.—Former Judge Al-
$40,000i5s missing The work was done by a frod A. Van Hovenberg was about to bonrd a
dozen criminalawho had joined the army In trofley ear last night at the corner
order to carry out their schem These mer of Main and Weiss atroote when Mrs, Martha
ride ( ) r scheme hese men,

 

HeWilliams attacked him. She prevent-

ed his taking the car and showered blows
hat. To «a crowd that

with aid from outaide, have for several months
been quietly stripping the post, The job was

adc aie aha : >) upon him and his ailk
Yr ndere a COM PArAti ve Iv ensy, | is thore ire bu gathored Mra eWiltanes explained the cause
two offlvers in command at For I. gin, with | St her conduct as she continted to belabor the
1U0 men belonging to Troop © of the Sixth | fudge, The score sha said she was
Saya ty. a on settliug was of a finanelal nature,
William Agnew, dishonorably discharged by | the erowd dtd not interfere, Finally

court-martial from the Sixth Cavalry, was ar-
rested this morning. ‘The soldiers who aided
him are in the guardhouse at the ort. Some
of them have confessed Most of them have

Judge Van Hovenberg succeeded In wrench-
ing himself free and escaped. Mrs, MoWilliams
isthe widow ofaformer auperintendent for
' the Barbour Flax Company. Van Hovenberg
long criminal records. Agnew is charged with | was tormerly a udge inthe Court of Quarter
loading expresss wagons during the night back Sessions, a prominent lawyer, and was reputed
of the post stables and carrying the rich booty | at one time to be wealthy.
to Denvor |

Seeret Service agents are at work on the case,
Washington bas been notitied and it is nsserted |
that arrests will be mate among junk and !
seeond-han! dealers in Denver, who have facil.
ities for shipping the stall, As the robber
were committed on @ Government reservatio
the case is one tor the United states District
Court,

The thieves broke

TREASURY SURPLUS,
Receipts Exceed Expenditures for the Fiscal
| Year to Date About $30,000,000,
| Wastincron, Feb, 1.—The surplus of Gove
| ernment receipts over expenditures for the

   

Into offfvers’ trunks and

  

 

took from them silverware, jewelry and other current fiscal year inereased — steadily
property Inthe stables were piled boxes left | during the month of January and is now
woleers formerny stationed at the fort and | spouse 1,000,000, The January seipt
now serving in Puerto Rico or the Philippines iedae @ sanuary § receipts

 

were $45,012,154, the customs yielding $22,-

 

These were broken open and the valuables
taken. O4 278, inte | revenues $22,770,850 and
scellaneous sourees 83.1! x“ % _

WR SAGHT RESTORED, mi sour 3:5, 148,02 The ex

penditures lor January amounted to $31),189,-
After Eleven Years a Veteran's Widow Sees {'')

Her Child Again.
Cuicaao, Feb. 1. Vor the first time in eleven
years Mra. H. i. Wills of Austin wos enabled
te open her eyes to-day at the Presbyterian

Philip }. Armour, Jr. Buried,
Cuieaco, Feb, 1.—Funeral services for the
late Philip Danforth Armour, Jr, were held at
bis residence, 3700 Michigan avenue, to-day.

 

 

Hospital, The fest object that met ber gaze More than 800) persons were present ine
was her daugit rT, who Wasa ehild barely five eluding the faculty of Armour Institute,
years old when is her other SAW and adeputation of studenia Delegates from
hor An operation performed severs| days | the packing houses and oft-e employes of Ar-
zo restored the woran’s sight, and within a mour & Co. formed a large proportion. of
ew days she will tbeabletureturntoherhome | the mourrers, The toral ofornga were
with hereves as strong and well as they were said by those wie “th wm to
weehidhood She is the widew of a veteran be — the most MA thoes ever sean
of the Civil) War) and lives with her | in Chicago, All Armour ottices, packing houses, |
daughter ately North Wallor avenue. Moem- | factories and braneh houses in Chicago and

bers of the Women’s Circle of Kilpacrick Post
G. A. Ry towhich Mrs.
in-seadibg her to the

e t ‘ j pirgusness te porentt, ree sees at noon
‘iis belongs, alde to-day, and (gs on the buildings w
hospital, | hali-mast, —

keen to selza |

beautifully chiselled old marble vases that glorified |

THE SUN,

 

THE CALL MADE ON ROOSEVELT,

| The Question Is Will Woodruff Be Taken Out
| of the Field for Governor,

ALBANY, Feb. 1.--It was amusing to hoar the
| comments in the Senate and Assembly to-day
‘on the despatches in Tae SuN this morn-
| ing from Albany and Washington concerning

the attitude of the national Administration

toward Gov, Roosevelt, and the feeling of cer-
tain Republicans toward Mr. Odell and Mr,
Woodruff as possible candidates for Governor
to succeed Gov. Rovaevelt. Lots of people up
here who don't know the facts are talking as if
they thought they did,

Tux BUN printed a story this morning to the
| affect that the MceKinloy Administration might

 

i} in so many worda “draft’’ Gov, Roose-
| velt for second place on the MoKinley
| ticket Tue Sun sal? that representa-

tives of the Republican National Committee

| had called on Gov, Roosevelt at Albany and
' presented the request of the McKinley
{| Administration, Al! of the newspaper men

{n this wreat town of politics slurred the
fnets printed in Tux Sun. The fact is that the
Hon. Henry C. Payae of Wisconaln, the right
bower of the Hon. Marous A, Hanna, chair-

man of the Republican National Commit-
tee, called on Gov. Roosevelt the other
day and told Gov, Roosevelt that the
Republican national party believed that
he, Gov. Roosevelt, ought to  aceept
the nomination for YVice-President at
the Philadelphia Convention, Furthermore,

when Gov. Rooseve!t enters the Pnriladelphia
conventlon as a member of the Big Four along

with Mr. Platt, Mr. Depew and Mr.
Odell, there will he, and there {a no
denying this prophecy, such a wave of

enthusiasm from the Northwest and the West
and the Southwest and the middle Western
States for Gov. Roosevelt as a Vice-Presiden-
tial candidate as cannot be disregarded by
Gov. Roosevelt or his friends,

Gov. Roosevelt does not destra to be nomi.
nated for Vice-President. Neither does the

 

Hon, Benjamin B, Odell desira to
be nominated for Governor of the
State of New York, The — situation
right down in a nutshell is this: Frank H,

Platt, the son of Senator Platt, desires the
nomination of the Hon, Timothy L, Woodruff
to be Governor of the State of New York, and
isn't likely to see his desire gratified,

Itis avery interesting and to a certain ex-
tent a very amusing fight. Mr. Woodruff,
according to the politioians, betrayed Frank 8.
Black a year ago, and did not know on which
foot to stand, whether for Black or for
Roosevelt. In the estimation of those who
keep track of affairs of this character Mr.
Woodruff then had his downfall. No matter
whether or not Frank H. Platt is for Mr, Wood-
ruff asacandi tate for Governor, the Repub-
lican State Covvention could not thrust Mr.
Woodruff upon the party.

THE BEAR AS A PET,

This One, Caught When a Cub in the Maine
Woods, Is as Gentle as a Kitten,
From the Mirror and Farmer,
A bear is one of the last animals that the ordi-
nary person would select as a household pet,
| yet no more gentle, affectionateand cunning
specimen of the brute creation could be found
than a domesticated member of the bruln family
now in the possession of W. J. Shattuck of Man-
chester. “Topsy,” as Miss Bruin is called, is
but 15 months old, but she will weigh as much
as a good sized man, and when sitting on her
haunches her snout stands level with her mas
ter'a shoulder. She is an animal whose size
and appearance would strike terror to any stranger
outside an old hunter or a well-read disciple of
“Deadwood Dick.” But “Topsy” is a lady. To
say that she is os gentle as a kitten would not
do her justice. for kittens will cull and serateh
Topsy is as tender in her caresses as & mother
with her child
A Mirror man was introduced to Topsy the
cther evening. Mr. Shattuck led the way to
the shuttered back room in which the bear is
kept ted up with a long chain and collar, and
lighted the gas. A big hock form rose up from
one corner, and 6 set of red jaws, with glistening
white fangs, were shown in 4 yawn. The visi-
tor started back with alarm, but Mr. Shattuck
smilingly walked forward and patted the ani-
mal's head
“Hug me, Topsy,” he said; “kiss me.” The
bear rose upright on her haunches, gently laid
her paws on her master’s shoulders and softly
licked his face, keeping up a low. half-whining
} sound as she did so, as if endeavoring to expres
her pleasure or affection. Mr. Shattuck gave
| the animal a grape and she masticated it delight
edly, then put out her nose for another. But
| her master stepped back, and pointing to a ladder
like arrangement of slats on the wall, commanded
her to “climb.” Topsy gave one longing glance
at the bag of grapes, and, inserting her claws
| in the crevices of the slatwork, climbed clumsily
| but willingly, as high as her chain would allow
her. \ grape was handed up as a reward, and
she backed down
A lump of sugar was next given and she ate
{ it even more eagerly than she had the grapes
| Her master would not allow her to take the tidbit
| directly with her mouth, as she seemed inclined
to do, but would command. “your hand, Topsy;
your hand.” until she would gently reach out
her paw and feed herself — ‘Then she would show
her gratitude by licking the hand of the donor
It was most amusing tosee her secure the dain-
tles when thrown on the floor, She seemed re-
j luctant to put her nose in the enwdust, but would
earefully gather in the candy with the long nails
of her fore paw. A lump of sugar was laid on
| the floor just behind her and though she etrained
the length of her chain she could not reach it
| But Topsy knew a thing or two in the emerrency
| Quickly heading around she backed outward
until her collar was drawn up around her ears
}and reaching back with) her hind paw drew
in the coveted sweet \lump of sugar wrapped
in paper was extracted with eqnal cunning
But ‘Tonsy was sleeny, At this season bears
| in their native wilds He in their den in a half
| dormant state and “suck their paws" and civil:
| vation cannat quite break Topsy of the habit
| When the sweets were all gone a look of bored
| weariness stole over her bearish countenance,
} and, rubbing her eves with her paws, she stretched
| her “arms” ina yawn just like a sleepy person
| Then she dronned to a hunched position and
| turning up one fore paw began sucking at the
| “palm” industriousiy
This has been ‘Topsy's chief occupation when
I nat sleening. for several weeks past, She will
| alwavs briehten up when a visitor enters and
, make herself as avrreenble os ever, but the winter
| spell is on her Usually she eats a loaf of bread

 

 

ha day, but she hes hardly tasted this amount

| in the past fortnight

| Mr Shattuek boucht Tonsy not lone ago of

} ashowman who had exhibiied her quite exten
sively during the past year, and the fact that

| she had not been made cross be the teasing of

proves the sweetness of her dis
aopure black bear of the old
species. She was captured in
the northern part of Maine when a few weeks
eld and was brouchtup asa pet. Her chief food
is bread. and she is) passionately fond of nut
| candy or any pure sweets but stranre to
}

}

her audiences
position She is
New Frgland

say she will not ent meat. She ia remarkably
neat, and herrich black coat igas clean and clossy
as a wild animal's. She weighs 185 nounds,

j and Mr. Shattuck places her value at $100. Her
fur or flesh alone would bring a high price, but
Topsy 48 ¢ petis a treasure

DRESS CAUGHT FIRE FROM GAS LOG,

 

Marie Claremont Badly Borned in a
Fifth Avenue Boarding House,

} Mra,

Mrs. Marie Claremont, a youne widow, was
| badly burnt about her boty vesterday morning
} in har apartment inthe boarding house at 421)
| Fifthavenue. While paseing in front of the
| flreniaee a gas low ignited her dress, She ran
| into the hail screaming, where the janitress of

the building flnally suceeaded in smothering
the fire with a couch caver, Mrs, Claremont
was removed in an ambulanee to New York
Hospital, where her condition was said to be
serious,

} tne
|

Acquitted of Murdering Her White Rival.
By direetion of Justion Fursman a jury in the

a et el ae lee eae eee ee I

$$ SSS SSS Sts SS res sr

Criminal Part of the Supreme Court yesterday |

| acquitted Virgie Prophet, colored, of the mur-

derof Emma Mever,a white woman. On Nov
| 20 the Prophet woman found her husband and

the Mever woman living together in Thirty-
| sixth street, They fought with pistola in the
{ man’s presence and Emma Meyer was shot
The Coroner's jury acquitted the Prophet
woman at the inquest

Telephone Company's Linemen on Strike.

The strike of the New York and New Jeraey
Telenhone Company's emplovees to compel the

| company td recognize the International Broth-
| erhood of Fleetrical Workers has extended
| toJersey City. The strikers say that twenty
) two linemen have quit Work and that the com.
vany is seriously embarrassed hy the strike.

! The company’s ofleials declare that only four
orftive men have gone out. The servies has
not been affected,

Baby

Car! Orflni of 135 Mott street opened his
door yesterday morning after hearing a loud

| ock an the scamper of feet in the hallway.
ip fount on the floor @ boy haby, The onitd
was taken to Bellevue Hospital, A detective
io investigating.

$e

eft nt His Door,

 

 

FRIDAY,

   
  
  

 
 

HARD FIGHT WITH THIEVES.

COACHMAN DEFENDED HIS MONEY,
BUT DIDN'T SAVE IT,

 

 

Tackled by Robbers in the Hallway of His
House He Fought and Yelled Too—Wife
jo Trying to Save Him Was Kicked—His
Own Face Badly Battered-Two Arrests,

Thomas J. Golden of 307 Weat Thirty-ninth
street received $12) in wages yosterday after-
noon from the family which employs him and
was sent home, asthe family ia going to Vir-
ginia, When ho got to his apartments in the
rearof the first floor, and was feeling in his
pocket forthe key, two men ran into the ball
through the front door and threw themselves
on him. One choked him, while the other tore
open his coat and waisteoat and took the $126
from his inside waistcoat pocket.

Golden is a muscular fellow and he gave the
thieves a fight. A carpenter who lives next
door ran to his assistance in anawer to his
crivs, but the thieves knocked Golden down
and then one ran, bowling over the carpenter
as they met at the door, The second thicf
ataye | to kick Golden in the face as he ay on
the floor, The carpenter who ran up to helo
the prostrate man was knocked down by a
punch on the jaw and lay on the floor making
no further attempt to interfere, Mre. Golden
had heard the nolae, however, and she ran into
the hall. She saw the thief resume kicking
her husband In the face and threw herself upon
her husband's body to protect him. The thief
kicked her six or seven times between the
shoulder blades and then ran into the street,
me Golden followed him, shouting for the
police.

The thief ran to Eighth avenue and then to
Thirty-ninth street, where Policeman Ozab
joined in the chase. The policeman caught
the fellow after running a block and took him
to the West Thirty-seventh atreet station. He
was recognized there as George Benze of 407
Weat Thirty-ninth street, whose picture ia in
the Rogues’ Gallery as having been convicted
of grand larceny. Sentence was suspended in
his case on his promise to reform. Golden
identified him asthe man who bad held him
by the throat while the other man got the
money.

Golden's face waa in a terrible condition. It
was dressed by an ambulance surgeon from
Roosevelt Hospital, and Golden was taken to
his home. The precinet datectives later ar-
rested Thomas Grennan of 358 West Thirty-
seventh street, who had been with Benze
earlier in the afternoon, and took him to Gol-
den, who said he thought Grennan was the
thief who had got away with the money, but
he could not be sure, No monvey wus found on
Grennan, but he was locked up, protesting his
innocence,

 

WiTH A BEAR,

 

ROOMING

 

An Unhappy Guest at a Country House in
Russia,
From tha London Daily News,

Livonia is a part of our globe where fondness
for pets co exists with love of sport. A Russian
subject from that province tells me of the strange
considerauon evinced by one of her neighbors
for the feelings of a bear, The animal had an
odd faney for sleeping indoors and in a bed. To
humor him 4 room in a tower was always left
open for the avimal, Some nights he came and
availed himself of the hospitality, but often he
stayed out in the woods. If he arrived at his
tower, and mounted the long flight of steps which
led from outside to his own door, and found that
auything prevented his entrance, the bear made
é horrible noise, growling and battering the door

In Livonia, dunng the brief Northern summert
the local maguates visit each other without prior
atrangement, and they arrive prepared to stop
the night Tt not infrequently occurs that many
carriages converge at the same time on one coun-
try house, with the result that as many as forty
beds may be required \ large influx of visitors

arcnved one night atthe house where the bear had
his toom. ‘The last comer was @ mid youth, a
cousin of the house The host met him, radiant

"What a pleasure, Ivan, You'll find half the
relations he Hut, alas, you'll not have a good
Toom. Every other corner is full, There's only
the towerleft, Asyou kuow, the bear comes there.
Hut never mind. fle does not put in an appear-
ance every night.”

The young man would fain have gone further,
but the nearest country house was ten miles off,
his horse tired, and the hospitable relations very
ress in thee invitauon to him to remain
fe was greatly afraid of the bear, but still more
afraid of offending host, hostess and all the other
cousins and neighbors, He decided to stay,
and at last retired to restin @ large, square room,
with two beds init, He inquired if he might not
bar out the bear (the door had but a latch), but
he was told that no fastenings might be used;
the bear was too noisy if shut out. He “would
not let a soul in the place have 4 wink of sleep.”
Besides, “he wasn't coming very likely.” And,
further, “there wasn't any means of altogether
fastening the door “Tt was lefton the latch on
purpose.” The last words of 4 rather sleepy
cousin ta the new comer were: “Better take the
bed in the far corner, Ivan.”

The guest can hardly be said to have slept
there, ‘The terror of Hruin kept him awake at
first, and then Isruin himself. For in the small
hours 4 shambling step and a sound of claws
on the steps and balustrade froze the blood in the
unhappy youth's veins. The noise came nearer.
There Was a fumbling at the lateh. With great
growling and grumbling, Bruin entered and put
himself to bed in the couch near the door, Then
the beast grumbled, grunted, and seemed to
sniff, That sniffing alarmed the other oecupant
of the room most of all, for he though it meant
that the bear scented him, and might resent his
resence The wretch dared scarcely breathe.
JaWwn Was breaking, but that Was only another
danger, the bearmightsee him. Bruin, a great,

 

iol

FEBRUARY, 2, 1900.

| BOS

curled bump above the blankets, became in dua |

time visible to his fellow lodger, Then the bear
snored! ‘There Was comfortin that sound.  Isut
soon he rolled about, and growled and groaned
discontentedly. The heart of the Watcher beat
painfully loud Hee dared not rise He had
nol nerve enough to pass the sleeping animal
and rush dowWn the steps. Terror paralyzed
the youth, and prudence whispered that “inac
tivity” can be sometimes “masterly.”

The slow hours dragged on. All the company
had assembled down stairs at breakfast, but
Bruin still slept, and the timid cousin watched
him With eves that burned and throbbed
last the host said) “Where's Ivan”
the bear too?” and a messenger Was dispatched
to the toWer, there to find a pallid quest and his
uninvited companion. The messenger routed
out the bear, Who had been kept as a pet When
acub, and Who Was really only halfa wild beast
and helped the nerve-shattered youth to dress
and join the breakfast party

CARS CROSS AN AVALANCH?I,

 

The Track Is Laid on a Bluff That Is Slid-
ing Into the Missourt River.

From the Chicago Record,

ATCHISON, Kan, Jan 28—--A_ mile south
of this town the entire side of a bluff is slding
Int) the Missouri River. The avalanche is a
quarter of a mile long, and at its base te the most
expensive piece of railroad track on the Misseurt
Pacific system) There is probably not another
quarter of a mile of track in the United States
whieh it costs more to maintain, The odd thing
about this monster landslide is that it has been
sipping down for twenty years, and unless
takes ano unexpeeted plunge will probably be
slipping for the next twenty years, and possibly
fifty or a hundred. Tie avalanche is moving
more or less at all times, but not enough to re
quire watching by the Missourl Paeifle except
about two months in the spring

During the winter the mowiure is held in the
rround, and when the frost thaws and the spring
Tains ¢ e the great mass of earth begins slip

ing. Sometimes it comes down 4 footin twenty

Ur hours, and once in awhile it slides six feet
The Missouri Pacitic then puts a force of from
twenty to fifty men at work pulling the track back
to its proper place and keeping it level A man
ts employed to wateh the traek at night and see
ihat it does not wet so for out of line as to topple

 

A train over intothe river Orders are issued to
engineers to wo slow over the bad track, for the
jarefia train migiteause on unprecedented move

The bluff is one of the highest of the verv high
blutfs alone the Kansas side of the Missouri
River from Kansas City to the Nebraska line
Lying under about fifteen feet of earth there ore
one oof More strata of rock aggregating from
twenty to forty feet in thickness ‘There seems
to have been a perpendicular split down through
this rock dividing the bluff almost half in’ two,
and extending a quarter ofa mile north and south
The side whieh lay on the river, or east side
slid because there was nothin to held at, while

  

 

the opposite, or west side, was up against an
other bhuif Thus the east side bewan seradually
to sink into the river and has laid bare a wall
thirty or more feet high ino places. Flere and

eh hung fera long
identify them

there enormous holders, wl
time undecided with whieh side. te
selves, finally lost their balance and
down, Gasiang themselves to below It
ests the Missouri Pacifle several thousand dol
lars and causes a great deal of anxiety every
spring, but there is no way of avoiding it

 

erashed

pieces

Justice Marean Has a Woman Secretary,

Supreme Court Justice Marean in Brooklyn
appointed yesterday as his private secretary
Mies Mary F. Wisner at a salary of $1,500 a
year Miss Wisner ‘s about 20 vears old anid is
a stenographer and typewriter, She is the
cousin of Justice Marean’s wife and lives with
them. This is an tnnovation, All the other
Justices have men as their private secretaries

 

Midnight Raid on the Weat Side.

The West Twentieth street police at mil-
night last night raided a house at 326 Kighth

avenue. and arrested the alleged proprietor,
Mra. Catherine Griffin, 4ix men aod six women.
Mrs. Griffin ia 72 years old,

At |
Where's |

KID BLINK MEETS A

Prosperity Leads Him to Attend an East
Side Rall With Serious Results.

Kid Blink, the lad with the cast in his eye or
“bum lamp* o# his chum “Niney” calls it, once
leader of the newsboys, sport, crap Shooter, boot
black, plunger and philosopher, has had an ad
venture and Park row is discussing it. link
is an intelligent chap with a glib tongue and a
Swarthy countenance. His nose is bent flat
and Blink says that this is the result of a fall
which he had when a baby, “Nine declares
that some one punched him with a black jack
several years ago and broke the nose. Blink
is round shouldered and admits (hat he got this
way from going through a lotof eontortions roiling
dice on the sidewalks of the city while watehing
for the police and a safe refuge at the same time
Blink used to sell newspapers, but that was before
Le became prosperous and bad no other vocation

BUNOCO MAN,

 

Now he frequents the boxing clubs and places |

bets for the patrons of the prize ring. “Niney"’
Says that once Dlink used to be a good magician
Thatis, he made things disappear with lightening
like rapidity. But now, be adds, Blink is on
the level, and is trustworthy

Blink takes 4 flyer himself on some of the fights
and his judgment is usually good. He held a
bet of 850, made by a well known local sport on
Tom Sharkey against Jim Jeffries at Coney
Island. He turned around and placed $10 of
this money on Jetfries and won $8 for himself
Blink'’s resources at the time were meagre, and
eis a question what he would have done had
the fight gone the other way. Blink says he
would have made the loss “good.”

Since Chuck Connors became an actor and a
capitalist Blink has endeavored to take Chuck's
Place as one of the shining lights of Chinatown
As a character Blink may not be so picturesque
4s Chuck, but he is more ubiquitous So when
4 chance was offered to him recently to take a job
for afew days asa waiter ina Chinese restaurant
in Mott street he grasped the opportunity andina
Short time he had ingratiated himself in the hearts
of the Chinamen, Mink was born in the Itahan
quarter of Mott street: of Italian parents, and
has lived there since
be called a “dago,"but will fight if one dubs him
a “guinney.” link speaks Italian fluently, but
is patione to the core and always travels as a
true blue American,

While serving the smoking “chop suey” Blink
learned a few words and phrases in Chinese and
put them to such good use that he was assigned
with a Chinaman to go and purchase a lot of
bunting and draperies, at some of the dry goods
establishments on Grand street which was to be
used in decorating several of the stores in China
town in honor of the funeral of Un Hung, the
wealthy Chinaman who died in ‘Toronto, and
whose body was brought here for interment
Blink made & good shopper and drove several
food bargains. ‘The Kid was well paid for his
work and when the day was over he bad made
all told 87. This with his winnings at craps
the night before brought his wealth to a total of
Siink likes good clothes and is vain. So
he went to Baxter street and fitted himself out
Phat night there was a ball in Tammany Hall
and Blink attended tt, With a long black cigar
stuck in the corner of his wouth and a paste dia
mond in his tie he strode through the crowd
“Niney" had been upped off about Blink'’s: pres
ence atthe ball and wos on hand to pay his chum
homage. When the parr met Blink *
off to drinks and then the Kid left him

About 3 o'clock in the morning, when the ball
was atits height, a tall, well-dressed man wear
ing a beard, approached Blink and said in guttural
tunes

“Are you Kid Biink the famous leader of the
newsboys””

“Dat's me, sir,” responded Blink, surprised
that his fame had spreac

“Well, Pm glad to have met you, my boy. Come
and have 4 drink,” the man said

Hlink accepted and before long they
gaged in a deep conversauon ;

‘T've heard a great deal of you,” said Blink's
new found friend familiarly, “and am proud to
meet you, sir, Here's my hand. Shake jt
Thanks; I'm glad, my boy, to meet you, as |
said. Such a clever, wonderful slick fellow as you
are, too, Indeed Leannotexpress my admiration
for you. Tam Waiter, bring us some cigars
None of those cheap ones, sit. No, we want. the
best. That's ight, thanks Nothing is too good
for my frend, Kid Blink, the leader of the news
boys and a charming fellow.” He kept this up
for fully five minutes when Blink suddenly inter-
posed and said ;

“Stop troin’ ter shoot de bull con inter me, see!
Wat's ver gayme””

“My game, my game, sir
you, my boy,” said the man apparently much
confused, “You misjudge me sir! Lam glad to
see rou my boy and that's why Laddress yvouin
such @ brotherly way. Have another drink.”

Blink thought that he had mistaken his man
and Was profuse in his apologies So drawing
himself up to his fullest height he shouted

“Excuse me, cull, L taut yer wuz troin’ U string
me

“String you, sir,” rejoined the stranger in his
most affable way, “What is that? Why should
Istring you” Why should Tkid vow? Preposter
ous, my boy, preposterous" At this juncture
the Waiter came along and presented a check for
the drinks. The stranger drew outa large wad
of money from his pocket that made Blink's eyes
bulge with jealousy He watched the money
and then felt for bis own littl roll which was snugly
tucked away \fterthe man had patd the waiter
he turned his back to the kid and allowed what
looked Like a $100 bill to drop to the floor Blink
saw it fall The temptation was too strong and
he covered it With his shoe The man pretended
not toseeitand Blink deftly picked the bill upand
thrust itinto his pocket. He Was about te eon
gratulatehimselfon his good luck when the
stranger began fiddling over his pockets, pulled
out the roll again and discovered his loss. He
looked sharply at Blink who was unconcerned
and who Was puffing away atacicar The man
tapped Blink on the shoulder and the lad jumped
as if aroused from some reverie ,

“My boy," said the stranger, sharply. “i'm
surprised, actually surprised’ Kid Blink, leader
of the newsbovs, one of the slickest kids on Park
row to be dishonest? Well, sir, I'M be blowed
That's human nature. Hand over that 8100 bill
which T dropped or I'l!

Blink Was very much embarrassed lle
knew he Was guilty and without the least bit of
ado he returned the bill saying sheepishly

“T Wussent goin’ t keep it, mister T only did it

ever

were en-

 

T don't understand

 

 

fer a kid, dat's all.”

“Oh that's all right.” responded the stranger
suavely knew vou were only joking. my
boy. Don't be offended. Ne. T ain't Another
drink, waiter, Sav, Kid Blink.’ he suddenly
Whispered in the Kid's ear, “If T wanted to Teould
have vou arrested. But Lam not that kind of
A person I know you need the money more
than I do have plenty of it. f yot millions
and spend money like water. Here take the
bill and keep it} No, thanks, Tam amply ro
aid by knowing vou. That's the smallest |

nave or T would have staked you to some loose
money, By the way, Kid, lot me have 810 just
for one minute to pay for this drink Thanks
Just for one minute. You keep the hundred
and Til give you back this ten ina jiffy. Say
hid, there's my girl over there
to speak to her for one minute. TI

Wait forme ‘

With this he disappeared to the other side of
the hall Blink, so elated over the aequisition
of new wealth, did not take out the note to sean
ft His mind was bent on getting out of the place
as quickly as possible as he was fearful that the

 

he back

man would change his mind and perhaps demand |
| the note back

So he shink away keeping his
hand in his pocket and clutehed tight to the note
Once in the street he was joined by Nines whe
had watched the proceedings from a table in close
proximity

“Gee, yer in luck, tonight, Blink,” said Niney
as they walked down theBowery toward Chinatown
“Whateher goin’ todo wid all dis noney?

‘T'm join’ t buy @ bank an’ inake ver pavin'
teller, see," answered Blink, facetiously "Say,
Niney, don't talk t me. ['m er millionaire’

Then Blink began to figure how he was going to
spend it He would buy, he said, two new suits
of clothes, seven pairs of shoes, a bievcle, new
erap dice, new hats, canes, take his girl to th
theatre when Niney suddenly became cdisrusted
aid velled

Sey, yer big stil Ef ver don't shut up Tl
hit yer in ver bum lamp see, an’ make yer wake
up. Let's see de money cull?

Thus prodded Blink produced the bill and
the peir examined tt closely under the glare of an

 

 

 

 

   

 
  

electric li¢ght Theys turned itt around several
times and Blink to his surprise diseo that
it was Confederate money He nearly nized

‘What d'ye tink o that. cull.” he said. as he
looked askance at Niney and then at thernote
"Done, an’ by a con man at dat G I'm
slick. ain't (Nit! Pm er lobster an’ a dead
una’ dat. TL suppose dat guy has snea! oul
dat ball room afore dis. Gee, [im di by
astick guy, toe”

While Blink was moaning bis ill luck Nines

was coovulsed with laughter ilink went home
He still has the note and says he is going to bet
iton ryan to beat MeRinley this veer

Sleighing and Skating in Bergen County,

The sleighing and coasting in many parts of
Bergen county, New Jersey, were never better
and the hills and ponds present an enlivening
appearance, While the ponds about this city

are pronounced not yet fit for skating. the boys
and giriaof New Jersey are skating on ice ten

   

inchesthick Tho rain of Jas’ Sanday in this
town Was snow just outo!l town, and although
the fall was light the rain that followed with

the cold spell nade excelent sleighing

Vhe Expression of Contentment

worn by a SUN reader may be traced to two
things—first, to the face that he reads that
paper; second, to the prosperity he enjoys
through association with reputable advertisers
who use its columna.~ Ade

 

HOTEL AND BOARDING HOUSE
Accommodations of a desirable character may
be found bya reference to Tu SUN's adver-
sing yolumas.~ Ade,

|
He is proud to

“balled bim !

I'm just going |

ey

QUEER FILIPINO POWDER,

Mado of the Heads of Safety Matches, It
Shoots Strong but Not Stralght,
From the Boaton Daily Globe,

ILou.o, Dee 18 When the powdersupply o
Aguinaldo’s insurrection began todwindle fron
tons to kegs and the increase in the number of
| ships made extremely hazardous any atlempl
of Chinese of Japanese Hlibusters to penetrate our
Luzon blockade, theinventivedess of the Pilipiie
was called upon to replenish the empty shells of
the Tagalog

In several recent engagements in Lugen
number of tumbling shots that as, bullets thot
gun without taking the rifle ow

Whenever one of these bullets strtiess
crushing: wound

 

nflemen

the

eave te
houceable
aman it made a caged,

, Might) theough air could he distit
by a tense humiiug sound, resembling the ne
made by a nail prove ted from asting After anet

Kasementin wheel the Pourteenth United States
Lolantey took part soutyoof Matila, about tendays

ago, Capt ROT. Yeatman of Co. Boof that reg
ment picked up iu one of the enemy's trenches
4 number of unexploded shells dropped by an
lusurgent riflemman in the excitement of retreat

Kemoving the bullet froma ealibre i cartadge
to examine the powder charge, the captain was
surprised to tad a dack brown, ubglazed powder
of very coarse and uneven gran
black or simokeless that he lad ever seen, looked
hike at, and being of a curious disposition, he made
on investigation About the ume of Capt: Yeat
man'sdiseovery sore one remarked i bes hearing
| that an immense qumber of meteles had "
| taken from Maniia through the American hoes

fo the outlying: country Phe mention of matches
eave Him oO suggestion The powder le liad «is
covered looked exaety like a safety mateh head
bruised off the stick, PHle loaded several shells end
experimented. That was ibe powder, without
doubtand immediately all passes whieh permitted
the carrying of matches through the fine were
revoked,

When Capt. Yeatman's discovery was made
knewn in toile, Lieut) Col dP Diekman of the
Tweuty sixth Uiited States Volunteer Infantry
and Capt. Wallace Wotherspoou, collector of cus
toms at this port, loaded ten 45 calibre shells
with matehbeads, crushed off the stick with a
paper knife, and experimented for penetration
Sisiof the shells were loaded with three grammes
rammed slightly, and four with two and one half
etumes filed loose ‘The gun used was ¢
captured from the tusurgents, an old Remit

An ammunition box, inches wide, with
aniuch thiek, was used as arwel, ‘he box beng
filled wath sar The territie force of the powder
Was apparent at the first shat ‘Lhe report was
sharp, like iatyiven outby a° Krag ommunition
but louder, and the reco was such that dhe gun
almost Jumped from Col, Dickman soprasp. ‘The
distance was thirty yards, and every one of the
sis Shots key holed, or hitthe target side on

Tumbling bullets are never accurate, and two
out of the six missed the ammunition box and
excavated a three inch hole ina briek wail The
| other four shots, after passing sidewise through
} aninch board, penetrated from & to 11's inches
‘ain loose sand. The penetrathon from the four
| shells loaded with 24) grammes of match powder
| Was from tWo to three inehes less, the bullets
| tumbling the same as the others
| After these experiments four shots were fired
with black powder, The bullets took the rifling
and tlew straight, penetrating the wood end on
but failing to go as farinte the sand as any of the

other shots fired) The greatest penetration with
| the black powder cartridges Was eyght inches in

the sand, ‘Lhatthe bullets driven by the match
head powder left the piece Without rotary motion
| WAS proven by their hey holing on the target

With less driving powder they Would have flown
j true, aS Was the case with the bullets projected
| oy the black powder charges. Unless protected
by some hard substances, such as steel, bulle‘s
Inven by high powered powder wil] not take the
spiral like course of the inside of a rifle barrel
| The bullet used in ourarmy gun is of 80-caliber,
nonlubricated, and has a core of lead and tin com-
Position, by Weight one part tin and twenty-five
parts lead. The mantle or jacket covering is of
cupronickel steel, Were a naked lead bullet
to be fired from a“ Krag” it Would leave the muzzle
Without the screw motion necessary
from cutting capers and imitating bumble bees,

The full strength of the match head powder
can be determined by testing it with properly
prepared bullets, and in guns made strong enough
to Withstand the sudden pressure of high ex
losives. Evidently the insurgents in this island
iave tried to overcome the tumbling of bullets
by small powder charges. Wiule they have lead
in plenty and melds to fashion bullets,
| homeans ofmanthng a bullet After the fightat
Sugar River, near Uimodion, on the 20th of No
vember, T found inone of the trenches a clip of five
unexploded Mauser sh. lls that had been reloaded
The bullets were Withoul mantles, and the powder

lis

' he
tlie guished

”

 

 

 
    

 

 

 

 
   

 

'
sides

   
 
   

handed the
Infantry officer, saying as

peeped out from the end of the shell
clip.to a Nineteenth
I did so

“That loading looks as if they were trying to
coax naked lead throurh a Mauser twist."

“Rither that,” he replied, “or else they are devil-
ish short of powder’

It is possible that with a reduced charge, say
two grammes, of match head powder the bullet
might take the rifling and results be obtained
equivalent to a black powder cartridge loaded
with seventy grains
know this, but fram the number tumbling
shots and the ragged wounds made by bullets
going in side on, since the campaign opened in
Panay, it would seem that they lave not yet
learned how to handle their newly
powder.
| There is of course a possibility thatthe matches
} from which this powder is made were prepared
especially for that purpose, but no one would
ever suspect from appearance or action that they
are ony different from the ordinary safety mateh

 

 

 

f
of

of commerce. They are made in Japan, and
look and aet like the safety mateh used in the
United States. (Unless struck on the side of

the box in which they come they will mot ignite
These matches come in tins of 120 packages
} of 10 small boxes each, making 1,200 boxes to
atin It takes four boxes of matehes to produce
sufficient powder to lood one cartridge with three
grammes, consequently each tin’ will) furnish
enough powder for 500 cartridge

in Hoho is 86.40 (8
money per tin, sh
in lonce quantities they
pertin, or less This makes the cost
der in each reloaded cartridge about one cent
gold, not considering the lobor, whieh, even at
faney prices in this part of the world, is bargain
| countercheap

ican) or $420 Amernean
g that when purchased
ean be had for 88 gold
if the pow

  
 

 

   

| \fter the experiments by Col) Dickman and
{| Capt We therspoon the secret service men here
} were tipped off to look inte the matter, Their
1 was to discover what had heen done with
all the mat imported into Toilo during the

 

 

month of N ther Custom Louse reeords show
thot enough bad been received to load 2,700,000

cartridges

Lord Randolph Charchill’s Prophecy,
New Yor!

From the Philade pa Press, Letter,

| When the Duke of Marlborough was married
to Mrs. Hammersley by Mavor Hewitt he met
soon after the several distinguished
men, of one of Whom he asked if he had ever met
his brother, Lord Randolph Churehill Upon
being told that Lord Randolph and this gentle
man had been brought together by Mr Jerome,
Lord Randolph's father inlaw, the Duke spoke
quite freely of his brother's politieal coreer, He
Was asked by one distinguished
it Was that Lord Randolph had so suddenly re
signed his off at the head of the British War
Department. ‘The Duke of Marlborough hes}
tated a moment, and then said
“Mv brother discovered things there that were
| appalling. Tfever the coveris taken off that box
and the iniquity and incompetence that are inside
of it are revealed, it will not only destroy any
administration that may be in poWer atthe time
but may bring England dangerously near some
thing like revolution. My brother could not face
the grave responsibilite and my only hope is that
) there willeomea purtfleation before Great Britain
is entongled na des| ‘rate War
That confidence reveated by the Duke has been
broueht to the mind of the gentlemen Who heard
itmany times oflate

ceremony

 
  

 

Luncheon Time Announced by a Cat,

   

 

| From the Cincinn ate Commercials Tribune,

} The noontine whistle ts never sounded ct the
Buckeve Poundry in Cumninsville lt has heer
iscontinued sinee a wiseacre of a eat has become
the announcer so tie men of the arrival of the du
ner hour Thomas las been a habitue of the en
gine room fora numberof years, and takes great
interest in the working of the plant \fter a

hort residence he discoverd that cat eould

    

  

 
  

 

 

 

find serops te eatif he wesou hand when the men
pened their lunch baskets that the best
ur ty Visit them was when Whistle blew
Phones conse quentt) be@ime so regular im bis
trips that the engineer began te rely oon lim t
bet the men, and discontinued the signal for
quitting work About TP45 evers day Tom
arouses i elf docks wise at the engineer, and
Mien marches inte the founders Phe men immed
tly quit work on secing him, and Tom proceed
te took ebout for tid bits from their lunehes, At
first he got mised up a litt

\ -

| Trint by Telephone,

Pram the Cinern nia & Commercial Tribune
| NASivitss ola ah Prom Montgomery
inty, in is Sts mes t Story of a unique
trial, the Judge and the defer nt bee a good
fanee apart and the bearing beng conducted

vera telephone wire

| Squire Coldwell, a Magistrate of the county
had gone heme and retired for tue night Late
nthe evenmg he was called tp and asked ty
comm te dus office and try a prisoner under arrest

for driving? too fast over the Red Raver bridge
the Magistrate declined ty make the tdp. ‘The
) defendant WAS anxious to go oon to his home,
and finally it Was agreed that he teleplone the
Squire his plea and let the Mosustrate pass judg
ment The defendant rded guilty ane his
Honor assessed a Ane of 85, The court then ad-
journed.

 

 

to keep it |

they have |

ene ae rae

No powder, |

  

Wanted—Femules.

etn

RTIVICIAL FLOWERS Hap piemeee rose and
towe akers wanted: take elevator,
OODKIND. A a INZLUKG, it Broadway,

HYTFICIAL FLOWERS — Wauted, experienced
A takers, pressers and learners Work given out,
Apply all week ahs

"7 “ACURER A JOSEPHY, 715-717 Broadway, ,
ABUEM IAL. FLOWERS Wanted, good rose and
Lower makers,
nM { Mt N | HAD & STEINER, 640 Broadway,
prea) CLASS DESTONEE on ladies’ fine nechwear,
MANHALTAN MBG. Cou, 54 BE, Stat at, city,

PELATORS on shirt watet+, none but experienced
( ) ancl tipster eas OD rators need apply; work ail
K PARKER CO,, 7% Plushingay,, Brooklyn,

Tippers and operators on Wilcox &
a AKNOLD, SCHIFF &

  

year '

MBRELEAS

(otbe machines wanted

CO, Loe Uhureh at an

\\ WNTED Experienced bhanis on burial robes
and lininwe, wae Droadway, Brooklyn,

Domestic Servants Wanted,

A. A.A, ss aaa
Us WEST 22D st,
Mis. L, SEELY,
FOREIGN AND DOMESTI)

M PE AND FEM
seeped EMPLOYMENT BORRAD,

ALL REFERENCES
STRICTLY INVESTIGATED,

——

  
 

Servants breaking engagements will be dis
missed fron oleae and forfeit ait elauns
to few paid.
Brooklyn Office, 2 Bond 4t.
Corner Fulton,

CSHAMBERMATDE, fooks, laundn @ +08, Waitresses,
ladies’ maids, nurses, cooks who wash and tron,
Iauindresses who do chan berwork, hotiseworkers,
kitcQenmaids, ehatibermaids who do wating, brite
Jers, fiat, second and third men Mrs. 1. SEELY,
ix West st Servants’ entiomoe, S52 sth av,
Teleplo Il, ISTT dath «t ee
HAMBERMALD. must be thoroughly competemts
4 good wauzes, refercnces pour 1.
Mrs 1. SE 452 6th av,
( YOMPETENT LAUNDILESS to assist with chamber
4 work; good wages; references. required,
Mrs, L. SEELY, #52 ¢0th av,
( JOMPETENT YOUNG WOMAN as lanuilress; waged,
4 $20; fourin family. references required,
MES. 1. SERLY, 852 6th av,
PEASE CLASS SWEHEDISH WATTRESS. ood wagest
three in family, best city references required,
Mra. LL. SEELY 52
AUNDRESS; wages, 825, for Brooklyn, one whe
4 ts thoronghly competent: references required,
MRS, L. SEPLY, 852 6th av,
AUNDRESS AND CHAMBERMAID, fourin fame
4 oily; wages, $20; for theecity, references,
Mra. L. SEELY, $52 uth av,
DARLOKMAID fo assist with waiting; Wages, S205

reforences requirod,
Mre. L. SEELY, 852 Gth av,

DROVTESTANT CHAMUERMATD in a large faintly:
Loo Wages; pertuanont ploce: best referencos®
required, Mrs, L. SEBLY, 452 cth av,
PROTESTANT LAUNDICESS; wages, Protest.
aut chamb id. wages, $20; mut be thore
oughly competeut and hace best city. references,

 

    

ith wy.

 

 

 
 

 

     

 

 

 

Mrat L. SERLY, S52 eth av
QWEDISH LAUNDRESS wases, 825 four im
‘ family; for Orange N.dJ., best reterences: re-
quired Ms. L. SHELLY, $62 6th ay

 

| QWEDISH WALITRPSS, one who ts thoronghly com
,

|
|

charge Was so small that only the tip of the lead |

|
|

Perhaps the insurrectionists |

discovered |
; & manent position

|

The wholesale price of these Japanese matches |

\merican Why |

petent, Wages, $22; permanent city pl , refers
enees required, MKS, L. St. ELY, 852 6th av,
\ "AITRESS AND CHAMBERMAID, wages, 817;
twoin fanitly; best refercnees required
Mrs. L. SEELY, 352 stn ay,
a attr rn re

AV anted—Rales.

\ "ANTED—Designer on gas and electric fixtures

ho working (drawings, ftate experience an
Address A. B., box 120 Sun uptowa
Broadway

 

salary wanted
offlve, 126

 

Situations Wanted—#emuales,

A STENOGRAPHER AND TYPEWRITER; Rem-
4 Inwton operator: moderate salary; beat of refer-
ences furnished, Address Steady, box 175 Sun office,

COMPETENT LADIES’ MAID; Swedish; good
seamstress; best references. A, N., box Sil
Sun uptown oiftee, 1206 Broadway,

priest LASS launidress; wages, $25. city orcoun-
try; good references. KR. T.. Dox GOW Sun up-

town office, Broadway,

Fras CLASS CHAMBERMAID, wages, 820; best
city references, C, P., box 61% Sun uptown

offer, 1205 Broadway

pes) CLASS WALT RESS;
references, €

1265 Broadway

 

 
 

ety or country; good
G., box 514 Sun uptown office,

( yO0D PAMILY COOK: waves, $25; city or country;

Dost references M. ¢
office, 12465 Broadway

\ Cir AND SEAMSTRESS, wages, 820; thor
4 oughly competent; good references, L. M.,
box S10 Sun uptown office, 1265 Broadway

‘PARLORMAID AND WAITRESS; wages, $20; thor-
oughly competent; city references, M.Q., bog
O15 San uptown offiee, 1265 Broadway,

WTATIONERY AND PRINTING Man, 85, wante pow
sition as bookkeeper or clerk; ten years’ ex-
perienes, J. G,, box 174 5un office

Q TEN (GRAPHER=Thoronghly good Enelish edu-
' cation, teat and aeenrate; transeribes note¢
quiekly and correctly: capable of taking charge of
mail, ansyerand compose letters; Smith & Rem-
ington, taRes dictation on machine; moderate eal-
ary, if chanee of advancement. Address CAPABLE,
bow 154 Sun office
QTEND HRAPHER AND TYPEWRITER desires per-
three vears’ experience; can
Address STERLING, box

box O12, Sun uptown

 

 

 

furnish best of reference

110 sun office,

rp eoRovGHy y
references, ¢

srowdway

 

$80 city
OX Sun uptown office,

ompetent cook: wag
J,, box

 

Situviions Wanted—Aales,

{ YOUNG MAN eof good address, capable of writ

4 Mg and plocing advertisements, desire. to asso-

elate Linoself with eome redable tem, Address

COMPETENT, box 121, Sin office,

A YOUNG MAN o

d clate himself with some wood reliable advertiae

tnengeney Address CHAS. A. FLANAGAN, 4 Ham-

ilton st, New York city

B' POKKEEPER—A thoroughly competent. reliable
young . good penmian, a 22. having five

years’ expe ©, desires situation; excellent refer

enoes, salary abont $20, Address ©, box 135) Sun
othce

(good address des.res to asso

 

 

    

  

JROOKBINDER, man expert, wishes @ steady posi-
ton as book edge, wilding, marbling, fintahing

and stamping in job bindery: city or country, Ade

dress B.., box 157 Sun offer

nes

aillinery and Dressmakinag.

LE FURS redyed, remodelled, repatred; latest
styles, moderate prices, Specialty, sealskin,
Persian BARBERS, 1AL West Goth st.

 

 

Personal ANotrees.

 

A GRADUATED MASSEUSE will treat ladies at
their resiiences for moderate price Address
“MASSEUSE.’ box 148 Sun uptown offive, 1266
Broady ay.

Parents,

PATests for inventions provired promptly; low
rates, RODE & BALESEN (Prank V. Briesen),
62 Nassatist., . ¥.

THE TRONY OF FAI,

A Lover's Strategy Burned to
tnge of His Rival,

From the (lev land Leader
PHILADELPHIA, Jan, 28.--In a
despernte effort to he admirati:

the Advan-

final and
noof the girl

 

Wil

he loved, and to moke her realize thathewas as
lrave and courageous as his nvalfLous Hum
plioie whe lives ia Front street near Pollock, almost
crowned himself and lis little sister this after
bet the Delaware River The girl jumped
j ito the river to give her brother the opportunity
to save her Lfe, but both of them were overcome
by the cold water, and Walter Yoman, Humphrie's
rival, pulled them out, To nightit was announced
that Yoman and the girlin question would soon

be marned

Since she has been old enough to carry her
fathers dinner bucket Mamie Jotinse - been
the adel oof the young nveemen \mong those
Who bowed before her wee Humphoe and Doman
hharky in the witter Yoman was forturn ite enough
to save a child from drowning at the tisk of his
owe life

Humphrie went to see the girlon Friday night
and tad lis ease before her She told him) that
she had pledged ber troth to Yoman

With a doar bill he secured the services of
his 10 yearold sister in the morning and pledged
her to seerecy, At noon, when Mamie elimbed
up the side of the barge, she was closely followed
Y Humphrie’s litte sister, Mardiy died Hume

phe resehed the topot the bance when his sister,

a has

  

  

      

     

 

   

   

true to her word, fell headiong into the nver In
anooustant Humphne bad dived in bebind her
He had not reckoned on the coldness of the water
wid before he had taken balf a dozen strokes his
fingers became pumb, be felt himself sinking
and eatled for help

Several ropes were thrown to bim. butith i,
be ed that the one which fell inte bis hands was
wld by Yoman, who towed them on and lifted
them both to the bank Meanwhile, Mamie

Was fairly dancing with excitement, and when
poor Humphne was being led up the bank tow

ath tis home ste ran ite Yoman and throwing
her arms around lus neek, esed
[knew all the time that sou could do ut, and
| Pimose glad that you saved Louis. He is such
a good frend of ou

} 10, with

 

New G t Dire Ladder Tested.

 

The new truck of Hook and Ladder Company
its’ S5-foot ladder, the longest in
the department, was successfully tested yen.
terday ut the Soventh Regiment armory, The
new ladder is expected to save people from
the roof ofany flathouse not more than eight
stories In height. It was extended to its full
height yesterday and reared against the
armory wall in forty seconds,

 

 

 

)