_-

<——-2 OF

a

   

NOT ORGANIZED YET,

NO CLUR FOR PHILADELPHIA
AMERICAN ASSOCIATION,

IN

Trouble About Getting a Backer—Six Clubs
Have Signed an Agreement to Pay
1,250 Into a Pool The Promoters Are
Hopeful That the Association Will Go On

Puiapecenusa, Feb, 1.-The American Asso-
elation or any baseball organization that will
be nrival tothe National League sbould bea
good thing financially for its backers here,
Yot it is this city that is causing all the trouble,

 

The situation at the Continental Hotel to-day |

is practically the same us it was yesterday, All
are ‘rubber necking” hard for a Quaker City
“Angel,” but up todate that “Angel” has his
wings on cold storage. Yesterday all hands
were told they could return to the bosoms of
their families by 1 o'vlock, but they are still
here, and may eventually gain long enough
residence to be entitled to vote,
meeting has been called for 11 o'clock to-mor-
row morning.

When it {is conceded that Philadelphia

je the great ball town history” proves
it to be the fact that local backing
{8 not forthcoming {5 rather surprising,
The delegates came hete having reevived as-
surance thata well-backed club was in readie
ness, but found they had been deceived,
Although sorely disappointed, they aro work-
ing tooth and nai! for their commendatory en-
terprise. All day they were hustling, small
committees scurrying hithor and thither as
some favorable rumor came in, In fact it was
a case of rumor all day, not only with the large
gathering of newspaper men, but with the del-
egates themselves. No regular session was
held, but the representatives banded them-
selves into committees of twos and threes and
ransacked the town from tov to bottom for
local backing and are still on the same hunt
to-night.

Here are some of the offers made for local
backing. On Wednesday evening a prominent
and successful amusement man told Capt,
Anson that he would put up $10,000 as a
starter foraclub here. George Reger’s offer
of vesterday, in which he is said to have shown
$40,000 toward backing a loval club, and
which created some stir among the visitors, is
still on tap, but nothing was done to bring
Reger right down to business to-day. He is
said to be holding off until he hears that a club
will be placed in New York. As this is practi-
cally out of the question, Reger may be con-
sidered out of the running. J. FP. Stoerr o!
Pittsburg, said to be well fixed, is reported to
have offered to start a loeal cluband back it for
$25,000, Stoerr was here all right, but any-
thing further than that was not divulged. Ar-
thur [rwin, who has been a eonstant corridor
star since the Association men came here, be-
lieves the new organization should go ahead
without Philadelphia or New York,

Itissaid that the Philadelphia elub owners
have been getting next to proposed local capi-
talists and telling them there is nothing in
baseball, Col. John J. Hogers is sail to have
shown on the books to-day where the club had
not declared a dividend since ISS)

A local paper stated yesterday that Dela
hanty, Lajoie, Flick, Cross and ‘Thomas would
Join the Association in this city, Cross took
occasion to-day to deny this story, that is, as
far as he is concerned,

Six of the proposed clubs, Detroit, Milwaukee,
Chicago, St. Louis, Baltimore and Boston, to-
day signed an agreement to deposit $1,250
each on acall to form a pool whieh, when the
eight clubs are secured, will niake a pool of
$10,000. This will be used us a sinking or
emergency fund for working purposes,

The League has mapped outits war plan in
buch a way that the magnates believe the new
movement will die inashorttime. In the first

lace, they have empowered John i, Day of

ew York to organize the League’s war cirenit
to be known as the “American Association.”
Day has been ordered toarrange for the placing
of minor league clubs in Boston, Philadelphia,
Chicago and St. Louis, and any other cities
whereaconflict may be had with the clubs
belonging to Quin’s circuit, which, by the way
will be known in future as the “New American
Association,’ asthe League hus declared that
it holds a copyright on the title “American
Association.”

So far as can be learned, the League has not
called a meeting yet, but that one will be held
In a few days there can be no doubt. The
magnates have decided, so it is said, to throw
the eight-club circuit scheme to the winds at
present and fight the new organization in
every possible way. Enemies of the New York
League club say that with the turmoi! going
on there will be no chance to strengthen
Freedman’s team, and that there will be
another dull season at the Polo grounds,

Baltimore Club Magnates Cheerful,

BauiMore, Feb. 1.—President Ebbef of the
Brooklyn club made a flying visit to this city
to-day and he, with Hanlon and Von der Horst,
had a long conference with Lawyer Clendinen
of the Baltimore club, The members of the
syndicate emerged with theirfaces wreathed in
smiles, and declared that Union Park was theirs
as surely as Spion Kop had been regained by
the Boers, and the insurgents would have to
look for other grounds, Ebbets also plainly in-
timated that in upsetting the pew Associ-
ation’s plans tn New York and Vhiladelphia,
the League had by no means exhausted its
ammunition, but had plenty more up its sleeve
to be used as occasion requires

 

 

Baseball Notes,

The Thirteenth Regiment was defeated inan ox
citing and interesting wame of indoor baseball by
the Twenty-third Regiment on Wednesday night by
the score of ytows, The contest too piace at the
Thirteenth's armory. Howe and Lyons were the bat
tery forthe Twenty-third and Hut hinsonand MeCoy
for the Thirteenth.

Provipencr, Feb, 1.—The management of the
Brown University baseball team has secured David
L. Fultz, "v8, to begin coaching the candiutates for

 

the team on Feb. &, The management is consider.
ing the advisability of retaining Pulty through the
season, He was captain of the vsteam, Brown's |
regular camnmpaign will open on Aprii 1), bat Man
eager White is planning ® preliminary schedule to

strengthen the team early in the season

 

Movements of ¢

Dr, Savage, director of the Columbia gym.
nasium, announces that the intereojleginte
strength competition will be held at Harvard
University on May 1. Every college and uni.
versity is entitled to be represented by its fifty
strongest men and from the total number the

fifty strongest men in all the colleges will be |

determined. The tests will include a number
of dips, number of chins, lung power and
strength of legs, back, shoulders and grip. Dv,
Savage has called for men totrain for the Co-
lumbia team, He will select 100 by April 1

and ent this number down to fifty by the time
of the contest. Columbia won id place
Inst year with an average of considerably over
1,000 points to a man

The men to compose the relay team to meet
Cornell at Boston to-morrow night were se-
lected vesterday us follows: Maxwell W. Lonu,
1001, George C. Atkins and.l. A, MeAnerney,
WW2and L. 8. Thurston, 1001
considerably stronger than that which met
Harvard on last Saturday. They leave on the
Fall River boat to-night. A miniature celebra-
tion was held at the university yesterday over
the team banner won on Wednesday night at
the Eighth Regiment games,

The fourth round in the Columbia University
freshmen chess tournament has been eom-
pleted. The results fo low

R. C. Harrison defeated \. Simons and ¢.8

nh «defeated J. Hackett

vy dateated Avs
’ defeated A

Sutton, J. Hackett leteated A

see

 

 

   

Shait
and A
ions andl M,
Sluonus and G

 

Simons and Jd. Moses,
©, 8, Shainwaldl defeate| B. Haase and A. Hothuan
K. Schuyler defeated CB Wyatt and CS. Shain
wald, BR. Casamajor defeate! OC. S Siamwald. N
A. Koenig defeated H A] Gordon. ©. BO Wyatt’ ue
feate lt G, Suttonand UA ¢ { A. Hottiian dee

horton tot
Nard defeated U,
Martin defeated ©, s

feated FE, Woltle, BR. LI
and). Hackett, and U
Wald and R. Terry

Martin

Shain

The cluo has received a challenge for a dual
match, six men onaside, from Stevens Insti-
tute, to be playedon Lincoln's Birthday. The

defl will be aceepted

Athletios at Hf College,

CLINTON, Feb. 1.—The Hamilton College Ath.
letic Assoelation has almost unani-
mously a motion to withdraw fromthe \. A 1
of New York, This action on

 

passed

Hamiltar

 

 

4 port
was caused by the trouble with Union . .
the football game at Schenectady last fat
in which the score was 0-0, Hamil aut Ff
quently won the pennant, but the ¢ ing

against Union because of her tactios on that
occasion has been very bitter, The football
team held a meeting recently and elected ky
ward Esty Stowell, ll,

     

 

tptaar

Stowell wascap rofthe team dart othe hast
season and played right tackle on the 'Vapaity
team forthree years, Heis a fist, negressive
man and thoroughly understands the manage.
ment of the team

Although the past season was a euceessful
One for Hamilton, she expects that the coming
season will be still more so. Only two of fast
year’s players will graduate with the class of
100, They are Mason. the right half bar

 

and Shepard, left, guard No coveh has been
selected to take the place of Sweet! intoft Cor
nell, Who has been engaged by syracuse Uyi-
* C husketball t

asketball team is being organized iy e
college. Warren J, McLaughlin, ed 18 Ha
captain and Howard J, Lavenport of ‘Troy is
he manager, A came has been scheduled with

rnell University,

 

Another |

This team is |

 

RACING,

Himtine Wins and Buda is Beaten at New
| Orleana—Jockey Kidd Injured,

New Onteans, Feb. 1.-What promised to be
an exciting contest opened the day's sport
when Himtine and Belle of Memphis met ina
six-furlong dash, with welght up, The betting

wastitol) Himtine, and the favorite lasted
long enough to win by a length.
Jockey Charles hidd, while working Atlantus

| Over the stee; crushed by
| Atlantus fallingon him at the Liverpool, He
was taken tothe hospital and it was thought
to-night that his injuries will prove fatal.
Fleuron captured the second race iy a hard
drive from Polly Bixby. Buda, with two vieto-
ries to her credit out of three starta, was de-
feated in the two-year-old race by Hy Lo, be-
longing to T. VP. Hayes, A, C. MeCafferty

bought the winner for $700, Turney, at 10to 1,
won the sixanda balf furlong handicap ina
drive from Diana Fonso and Alex, the tavorite
Summary

First Race- Four year-olds and upward; ‘ix fur
longs—Hiniting, lov Clawson), 0 to 10 and out, Won:
Belle of Memphis, 107 Odom), outfor place, second,
Sallie J., vu Garret), third, Time, bo boty,

Second Kace-Selling; three-year-olds; seven fur
longs—Plevron, 10H (Clawson), 8 to 6 and - to 2,
won; Polly Bixby, wh (A, Weber, 4 to 1 pl -
second: Dr. Fannie #y (Odom), th Time, 1:24

Third Race—Selling: two-year-ol four furlongs

Hy Lo, loa (Mitchell, 4 to 1} and 6 to 2, won;
Buda, 101 (Boland), out for place, second, Moses,
108 (Winkfleld), third, Tine, Gray

Fourth KRaceHandicap; three year-olds; six and
e half furlongs -Turney, 105 | Mitehell), 10 to 1 and
2tol, won: Diana Fonso, vs (Wedderstrand), 2 tol
place, second; Alex, 112 (Clausen), third. Time,
1.214

Fifth Race—Selling: three-vear-olds and upward:
our wile and an eighth—Rushflelds, 114 (Foacon),
8 tot and even, won: Pat Garrett, 106 o1,1Miller)

|

|

4to 1 place, second; Freak, 1O4 (Boland), third,
Time, 1:6 °

|

echase course, Was

 

 

 

 

  

four-vear-olds and upward:
one mile~—Free Lady, 104 (Mitchell, % to 1 and
even, won; Jim Conway, los (Winkfleld), & to 1
place, second; Wild Tartar, 106 (MeKinney), third,
Time, 1:48,

The programme for to-morrow follows:
First Race—Seven furlongs; selling — Debride, 109;
) The Slugvard, 107; Rotterdam, 1 Villave Price,
Conalis apd Neharnis, 103; Can T See ‘Em, 101
Second Race—Sia furlongs—doe Wheeler Matt
aud Wedding Guest, 115, Pythia and
Vituria, 110; Siddarth and Denny Dulfy, tos; Slat
tery and Traylor, 105; Grace Logan, Pirate Belle,
Gratia, Ophelia Bugg, Etta Fouso and Cheri, 109,
Vhird Race—One mile; selling—Zanetto, los; Dr
Vanghan, 104; Geo, H, Ketcham and Tip Gallant,
108, J. KF. Cline, 102; Belle Ward and Misa Ross,
Jol: False Lesd, v8; Quannih Parker, 05
Fourth Rice One mile and an eighB. handicap
Koenig. 0; Barataria, 108; Lom Middleton, 101;
Glouorue, bo0; Our Nellic and Strangest, os
Fifth RaceSix and a half furlongs—Thurles, 112;
Cathedral, Cotton Plant, Little Regyte ant) Bill
Powell, i¢%; Banrica, 107; Banker Green, Mateh
Box, Native Son, Prince Frederick and Senator Gib
son, 106; Leila Smith, Vie Lamont, Mouzelto® and
Flor nee Clark, 104
Sixth Race-One mile and @ sixteenth; selling
Arthur Behan 112; Newton Anger, LO, Prince Real,
Florizar aud Tickfall, 107; Major Mansir, 104

POR STELPLECHASING,
August Belmont Elected to the Prestdency
ofthe Nos. WL A,

A meeting of the stewards of the National

Steeplechase and Hunt Association was held
| yesterday, at which those present were J, H
Alexandre, 8. 8 Howland, R. C. Hooper,
F, H. M. Burkhead, W. C. Whitney, B. F
Clyde and Dr. J. O. Green, The election of
ofMleers for the ensuing year resulted as
follows

President, August Belmont; Vi
) Alexandre Treasurer and Honorary seeretary,
18.8 Howland. Executive Comimittee—Auguat Bel
} mont, J. H. Alexandre, 8. @ Hiowland, Wo «,

Whitney, B, F. Clyde, R, ©. Hooper and Dr, J. 0,
| Green
| Dates were granted to the Country Club of
} Brookline, Mass., as follows: Mav 2S toJune.

Sigth Ka Selling

 

 

Simpson

 

 

 

  

 

 

NEW RULES

“President, J, H

 

 

 

Licenses were granted to, Jockeys Veiteh,
Hetder, Christopher, Ray. Melder, Finnegan,
Moxley, Southworth and Dayton. Veiteh was
also licensed as trainer. The amendments to
the rules were adopted, the most important

change being in the dimensions of the Jumps,
as follows:

Rule % VI.—In
there shail be at least
There shall be a water jump at least twelve feet
wide and two feet deep, to be guarded by
& fence pot less than two feet in perpen
dicular it There shall be in cach course
at least two jumps, as follows. Tnteh

Sec, all steeplechase

SIX fences Ih every

 

 

‘and two feet deep, Which ditch shall be guarded
T onthe tak ngeoff side by & single rail, and on the
landing side there shall be @ fence of not lesa than

four feet six inches in perpendicular height, and if
of brushwood or gorse not less than three feet in

 

 

 

| the

THE SUN, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1900.

The Crescents Defeat St. Nicholas After a
Fierce Strugale,

Tn the fastest and flercest game played thia
season in the championship series of the
Amateur Hockey League, the Crescent A, ©,
defeated the St. Nicholas Skating Club at

the St. Nicholas Kink last aight, by
a“ score of 5 goals to 2. it
Was two undefeated teams that met,
each having scored five victories without

4 reverse, This fact attracted a large num-
ber of spectators, The numberof fashionables
of both sexes lent a distinetly social character
tothe meeting. Jt would not have required an
expert to have told that the game was “for
blood” at any stage that a glimpse might have
been obtained, There was an abundance of
roughing tactios and many clever plays on
both sides, but the better form of the indi-
viduals and the superior team work of the
Brooklynites triumphed

Dobby of the Crescents was at onee the hero
and villain of the performance, and he enacted
the dual role with great thoroughness, al-

though he is under a= physician's care
and tal been forbidden to play, He was
the fastest, surest and most reckless man
in every piay and won both applause and
hisses, Hoe seored two of the Crescents five
oals and one that was potcounted. The &t,
Nicholas forwards were no mateh for him and
several, times they suffered from the Meree-
ness ot his rushes, although he was not seen
to do any deliberate roughing. )wiee
he was ruled off by the referees, the frst time
for tive minutes and the seeond time for the
remainder of the game. The St. Nicholas
forwards, Barron and Callendar, especially
put upa strong game, but the New York team
did not seem to have the wind and quickness
of their opponents. Heyward was the only
man who matehed the roughness of Dobby and
he made the most of his few opportunities,
The ice was in prime condition, and the puck
was putin play with the favor to Callendar,
who got the better of the facing almost
every time during the game, After the
rubber had been in the Crescent. terri*
tory about three minutes, Barron rushed
it toward the goal and passed it neatly
to Gordon, who scored, Then the
day shifted from tleld to Held in lively fashion
or two minutes until Dobby rushed it and
after a scrimmage pushed it intothe net by a
deft thrust, Within five minutes Dobby had
again scored a goal after being with the
disk ali the way across the fleld. In another
five minutes — the puck owas belng
rushed behind the St. Nicholas goal ¢
Harty hag carried it down, some one drove
to the front of the net, where Wall caught iton
his stick und tipped it between the posts ina
way that made itseem a chance stroke, The
first halfended with the score: Creseents, 3;
St. Nicholas, 1

During the intermission Dobby was found to
be a very sick manand had to be carefully

  

r

 

 

  

; cared forin order to be able to go out again,

The St, Nicholas men took a brace in the second
half and worked faster than before, but it
availed little, After a few minutes play, Wall

carried the rubterfrom midfleld and playing the |

Artful Dodger with the St. Nicholas point drove
it safely into the net Then followed hot

acrimiinages near the Crescent goal aud Garvin |

blocked several straight drives, Five minutes
later there was a mix-up in front of
New Yorkers’ net, and us the
puck flew up in. the atr Dobby batted
it with his hand and it landed against
the net. The goal was protested and not al-
lowed, and a minute lator ona protest Dobby
was ruled off for five minutes
ites then played on the defensive and the see.
ond goal of the home team was not scored une
tiiatter Dobby returned The fifth goal of the
Crescents was seqred by Dr, Harty in as neat
oplay asanyof the evening, After Pobby's
misplay the puck was faced in front of the St.
Nicholas net about five feet trom goal and
Harty broke through a network of sticks to
thrust the rubber home. The second goal
for the home players was made by Barron, as-
sisted by Conway, Conway carried the disk
down and against the wall due itout and passed
it back to Barron. It was after the score was
five totwothat Dobby and Callendar gotina

mix up, and the St. Nicholas Captain
weut down while Dobby was pok-
‘ing the rubber from between his
feet. Callendar was stunned and = was

| earried to the side of the flel¢

five feet wide |

wilth, The mimimum perpendicular height of all
other jumps shall not be tae than four foet six |
inches, and the mintnnum width three feet, The
rails or boards protecting a fence shall not be less

 

than three feetin perpendicular height on the take-
off side except at the water jump,

Horses With Records Under the Hammer,

Cuicaco, Feb. 1.-The attendance to-day at
the Splan & Newgass sale was the largest on
record for aeimilar event in this city, More
sales for $200 and upward were negotiated
than were ever recorded ata fine horse sale at
the Union Stock Yards The top price of the
day was made forthe bay mare Fanny Brawn,
2:14, by Norval, she being knocked down to

the account of Carl Piatnik, Vienna, for $1,725. |

The fast team W. W. BP. and Roberts, witha

combined record of 2:07, was purehased by

Downs of Chicago for $1,100, The demand for

stallions is not urgent, as Simmovolon, 2:154,

sold tor only $1,000, The best sales were:

Simmocolon, 2:18%, ch. « (15% by Simmons-
Colon, G. A. Blasdel, Boswell, ind

W. WP, pacer, 2:054, ch. w. (14), by Ben Lo-
mond, Jr., M. Downs, Chicago,

| Roberta, pacer, 2:00'9. eh. u. Gi) by

 

$1050

Arravon;

 

  

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

   

M Downs foo
Kittie R., pacer, 2:08'4. brym.(e),by Kermiss
' Queen, T. MeGuire, New York 800
Fanny Brawn, ‘ b. m. (7), by Norval
Erna; F. M. Newwass, awent, Chicago ost §,798
Rupert Corbett, b, s. 3) by Guy Corbitt Lady
|} Norton; Fred Trout, Fremont, Il. . 880
' Clyde Corbitt, bm, by Guy CorbittKeu
tucky Belle; Tichenor & Co $025
Misa Della, 2:20%, blk m (%, by Revenne
King— Polly K,; F. Fowler 500
Gunsanlos, pacer, 212%, be, by Penrose
Belle: L. M. Newyasa 1 x50
Baron Cromwell, bra), by Baron Wilkes
Hattie Cromwell; W. B. Fisk, Coldwater,
Mich . 410
Formount, 2315'. br a (lO), by Eamon
| _ Fox's Baby, T. Miller & Co., England 730
Hal Rowe, pacer, 2:15. eh, e &. by Chest
} nut Hal—Laura Brooks, A. H, Morrill 00
Axtellita, t 5. by Axtel—Hattio K.; Mrs,
Cartwr ”
Harttord, Jr 11%, ob. wos), by Hart
ford Gipsy Mrs. Metsinnis, ( bieags ano
G 1 Morning, 2 i, bom. 18), by Goodbye
Ciip; Paul Connelly, Chivago. cen mo

Winners at Oakland,

San Francisco, Feb. 1.—Bandora, Erwin, Topmaat,
Bendoran, Jingle Jingle and Southern Girl earned
brackets for their owners at Oakland this afternoon,
Theory was the only favorite to go wrong. She quit
badly afurlong fromthe wire and finished eighth
in @ tield of eleven. Bendoran picked up 127
pounds in the fourth race and ran a mile in d:40,
lasting just long enough to beat Rosormonde by a
long neck, The rac rthe most part, lacked class
‘The publie is dema ng thatthe California Jockey
Club inject some toneinto therunning at Oakland

YVACHTSMIN'S CLUB

  
 

 

ORGANIZLD,

Annual Meeting to Be Held This Month to
Elect Officers,

The Yachtsmen’s Club was organized Jast
night. Several) members of different yachting
organizations met at the Hotel Royalton, in
West Forty-third street, and after discussing

fully the need of such an organization
decided that it would be a benefit to
yachtamen, and then adopted a constitution
and by-laws, Among those present were New.
berry D. Lawton, C, T. Preree, E. Burton Hart,
JS Appehy, Ware Dixon, T. Fleming. Day,

 

 

  

Frank Browne Jones, O. HL Chelborg, EO W
MacLellan, Hoyar Hoyt and C.F. Tower
They represented the Atlantic, | Riverside,

Indian Harbor, New Rochelle, Manhasset Bay,
Sea CIN, Hempstead Harbor and American
Yacht elubs. All these organizations have
country houses butno home in the city, and
when club meetings are to be held it. is
necessary to rent rooms in some hotel. It was
thought desirable to have a headquarters for
vachtamen in the city where they could meet
) during the winter months and diseuss matters
that would benefit the sport

       
 

| The Lxecutive Committee of the Yacht Rae.
| ing Association of Long Island Sound had been
Pworking on this plan fo me time,and the
menibers — «af the committee ouneed
that already 100 yachtsmen had signified their
intention of joining the club. The conmitroe

reportet that a -uite of rooms, fivein number,
eould be had inthe Hotel Royalton for $1.s00

   

 

a year, ond the members coult have meals and
other refreshment served in the hotel atelub
rates, These rooms are well furnished. The

question of dues was fully discussed and it wae

 

 

   

decided that in orderto obtain a large mem.
hershipit was best to make the dues $20 4
year for resident members and $l0a year for
non-resident members until the number
reached S00, when the dues should be
redneed one-half, Aceording to the eo;

stitut adopted the officers are to bea
president, vieo-president. seeretary, treasures
and ix trustecs, two trustees to be elected
exch vear” The annual meeting is to be held
on Feb. 13, and meanwhile three special com.

mittees will be busy perfecting details

Skating.

From present indications it
th iil wave to continue until this
make excellent skating at both ¢

isonly neces@ary for
morning to

entral wand Prospect

Parks, It feet, late yesterday aftern on about 1500
persons were allowed to Venture ou the «mall lake
at Central Park and from tien until well into the

evening the crowd, whieh increased

favorite sport, The ice Was as sinooUh ay @ mirror,

Over in Brooklyn the. Superintendent of Prospect

Park said last night that be thought everything

would be im shape to.open the park to the public
i to-day,

 

' of Cominerce of

| The result haa t

His mouth was
bleeding, and be said that Dobby’s stick had
hit him. There was a long delay, and the New
Yorkers hissed and yelled "Put him off,’
meaning Dobby, while the Brookiynites
gave rousing cheers tor the brilliant
payer Those who saw” the — collision
said that if Dobby’s stick struck Callendar it
was the handleend of it and the blow was quite
accidental, It was. at last decided to rule
Dobby off and the Crescents finished the last
five minutes of the game with six players. The
Ine up follows:

  

  

Crescent 4, C. Positiny &t, Nwholas §, ¢,
Garvit Goal Heyward
McKenzie Point Mortimore
Drakeles oe Cover Point Livingston
Harty ! iy oh
Dobby . Callendar
Wall oenees Forwards } Bannon
Jewell \ Conway

Score—Creseent A, C., &: St. Nicholas Skating Club,
2. Referee—Benjamin Philly New York Hockey

Club, Goal Umpires—Fosr reacent. T. W. Post,
Brooklyn S$. Cy; for8t. Nicholas, T. O'Donnell, N.Y
A.C Goals—Dobby 2), Wall 2). Harty, Gordon
and Bannon. Time—Twenty minute halves

One of the most exciting games of the season

   

Was decided last night at the Clermont Avenue
Rink, Brooklyn, It wasa match between the
crack interscholastic sevens of Helleyv School

Brooklyn and the Stevens Ih.

 

The passing, blocking and
Stevens won

stitute of Hobok
checking Was fast and accurate,
by two goals to one,

 

SEAWANHAKA'’S VEW HOME,

A Company Organized to Bulld
House for YVachtsmen,

 

 

a Town

 

The Seawanhaka-Corinthian Yaeht Club wil
have a house in thiscity next fall. The head-
quarters at Oyster Bay was built time
ago, and last year the indebtedness on this
house was paid off, so that the members felt
that they were ina position to go ahead with
a town house. Last fall, ata general meeting
of the club, a@scheme was proposed which met
the hearty approval of all present. The scheme
wasthat the members should subseribe to a
fund and that this should form the nucleus of
afund to buy land and buildatown house
en that a committee has in its

some

| hands $70,000, This committee has just issued

enjoyed their |

|

acircular tothe members asking for $30,000

nore, This circular is signed by Perey Chubb,
D. LeRoy Dresser, H. L Satterlee, F. 8. Hast-
ings, Alfred Hiy, Walter T. Owen, A.B. Whit-

 

man, Bayard Foulke, W. Gould Brokaw and F,
C, Benedict,

The Seawanhaka Company has recently been
incorporated by Messrs, H. C. Rouse, B.C
Jenedict, Colgate Hoyt, Alfred Ely, Arthur C,
James, FO Augustus Schermerhorn, Henry C
Eno, J. F. Tams, Walther Luttgen and ©, J
Stevens, The officers are: President, H, ©,
Rouse; VieesPresident, Colgate Hoyt; Seere-
tary, Alfred Ely: Treasurer, Walther Luttger
The company proposes to build a ten-story
house, with rooms specially arranged jor the
use of the Yacht Club on a lot somewhere be-
tween. Forty-fourth and Fifty-ninth streeta
near Filth avenue, The remainder of the
building will be divided into apartments, each
consisting of two rooms and bath, with proper
elosets and all modern conveniences, so ars
ranged that they can be combined, A proposi-
tion bas been made by the Seawanhaka Com
pany whieh, if availed of, will give to the elub
an adequate and attractive house, which can
be kept open the vear round at much less ex-
pones than the organization has been put to in
ormer years for very unsatisfactory quarters,
The Seawenbaka Company will buy the land
and build the house as soon aa $100,000 19
subseribed, It will secure the neeessury loan
to complete the work, It will offerto the elub
a five-years’ lease of their roome ata yearly
rental! of $2,000, for a space equal tosix apart
ments that would rent for $800 each

Ihe entrance to the rooms will be on the
ground floor, The club dining room, which
will also be on this floor, will be connected |
private stairs with the main room on the seec-
ond floor, This floor wili have a club room, bil-
liard room, library, committee room, oflice, coat
room and lavatory. The club rooms will affort
ample and attractive aceommodations As
many members will avail themselves of the op.
portunity to take apartments in the building,
the club attendance will undoubtedly be greatiy
ivorensed, As the apartment house will havea
kitchen and kitchen stall, the elub will enjoy
the use of a restaurant Without expetise to ite
gel itis not intended to restrict tenants to
Gul members, but to give preference to them,

fhe plans that have been prepared tor the
propused house show that on the test Moor
there will be two apartments inthe front. The
parlors will be in the front of eaeh. and will be
separated by the main hall, which will run
through the centre of the building. Baek of
the parlors will be the bed rooms. and then wil
come the bath rooms. In the centre of the
building will be the elevators and stairways,
And at the back will be the dining room, whieh

 

 

  

 

    

Will be ttt feet wide and SU feet deep. On the

ud floor, in front, will be the club room,
Which is to be the some size as the dining
room, Baek of the elevators will be a biluard
room, d4 feet by Us feet; a ti ry, 14 feet by

lofeet: und acominittee room the same size
asthelibrary, By the sideof the elevator shaft
Wil! be aeout room and oMee,

Odds and Ends of Sport,

The Athletic Committee of the First Naval Bat
taliou is makiug big preparations for the games
known as Decp sea Frolics,’ to be held on board
the New Hanipstire on the evening of Feb. uv, The
prograume contains auch features as a sack
tigor war, potato race, broudsaword contest, hi
wrestling, hammock lashing aud wheelbarrow race
A grand stand to accommodate about tive bundred

 
    

 

persons will be erected on the port side of tho «par |

leck. The object of the games in to raise mower to
support athletics of the battalion, which inuaindes
hockey aud basebali teams aud @ rowing association.

The Brooklyn. |

         

 

|

!

| Show Association, continues to draw crowds to

     

 

  
  

 

 

NEWS

OF THE WHEELMEN,

PHEASANTS COME

FANCY PRICES
ONES AT THE POULTRY

 

 

 

HIGH,

PAID FOR CHOICE
SHOW,

Automobilists and the L. A. W. Join ia |

Good Boads Work,

There appears now to be an excellent pros-
pect of practical codperation between the Au-
tomobile Club of America and the L. A, W, in
the work of highway improvement. Tho frat
sign ind ecative of this union of influence will
be given to-morrow night atthe rooms of the
Automobile Club in the Waldorf-Astoria, when
there will bo a good roads meeting under the
auspices of the club, to which the officers
of the L. A. W. have been iuvited. The
purpose of the meeting ia to urge
upon the Legislature the importance of ap-
propriating a liberal sum for road improve-
ment under tho provisions of the Higbie-Arm-

 

 

 

The Pens Now Generously Decorated With
Winning Ribbons-A Number of Exhib- |
'

 

itors Grumble About the Awards~ Annual
Meetings of the Specialty Clubs Held,

The poultry show, or to use the official title,
the New York Poultry, ligeon and Pet stock
Madison Square Garden, The awards have |
nearly all been made and the cages of the ex-
hibits are now well decorated with the blue,
red and yellow ribbons of honor,

The show is patronized by a great variety of

people, Women in fine clothes and million | strong bill. The fact thot this isa movement
aires who dabble in poultry forthe fun ofthe | that has been engaging the League and that
thing, as well as the unmistakable | the Automobile Club in taking it up has not
“Rube with whiskers on his neck, elbow | chosen to ignore the League and work inde-
each other around the cages. What | pendently is regarded by good roads workers

as one of the most gratifying Incidents that
has occurred since the automobilists organ-
ized, and pluns looking toward a more com-
plete and active cobperation are being formed,
Tho meeting will be addressed by Gen, Roy

Stone, F-iward A. Bond, Chief Engineer of the
State, Henry I, Budd, Commissioner of Publie |
Roa ls of New Jersey, Thomas C. Mendenhall
of the Massachusetts Highway Commiasion
and &. G. Harrison of the United States Office
of Road Inquiry,

the countryman doesn’t know about the
Poultry business isn't worth knowing, and he
is always listened to with attention by those
who look as though tiney didn’t realize what a
barnyard was like. But there are millionaires
who dress like “hayseeds” and talk not unlike
the farmers, An exhibitor who has about the
finest variety of pheasants ever gathered ata
show was badly fooled yesterday in the appear-
ance of an old man whom he noticed carefully
examining a pairof Impeyan pheasants from
the Himalaya Mountains. The old man asked:
“What’ll you take for that bird?” indicating |
the beautiful male of the Impeyan variety. |
The owner moved off about seven feet in order
to allow the old man plenty of room in which
to faint, and then replied: "$150," |
“Ti take him,” said the supposed “Rube.” |

— |

A new treatment for punctured tires is of-
fered in the wav of a matal clamo that is re-
puted to be handy and effective, Lt consists of
asmall flat disk of brass, oval in shane, that
turns up endwise on a slender shaft, in the
fashion of a patent collar button. The shaft ts
socketed in the disk with ball bearings, so that
it can be turned around easily, and is threaded
like a screw hook, On the upper part of this
shaft is a second disk that is serrated about

” t vige, T t
Ibeg your pardon,” remarked the owner: | (hy, elge, | The disk See Hvar
“but perhaps you didn't understand me. [| ture hole and pulled flat) = against
the — inside. By twisting the shaft ,

said $150,”

“All right, [I'll take him. How much is
this fellow?” pointing toa Femminck's Trago-
paw,

“That, sir, will cost you $100,” replied the
owner, loftily. He had begun to treat the
matter as 4 joke.

“Til take him, too,” said the old man, “and
how much for this?” indicating a bird of the
Japanese variety.

“Fifty dollars will buy him,”

“Well, here’s my card, You may send them
up to my country place by express, I'l! mail |
you a check to-morrow.”

The exhibitor glanced at the bit of paste-
board and was nearly staggered when he read
the name of a millionaire railroad magnate.

The judges are coming in for a bit of censure
from the disappointed exhibitors, and the off-
cials are being hauled over the coals the same
as they areat horse and dog shows, Altogether,
however, the judging is thought to be very fair

the upper disk is then drawn tightly down on
the outside of the tire, the serrated edge keop-
ing it from jarring loose or slipping. A amall,
narrow blade file is the only tool that gors with
this device and it is used in cutting off the
projecting stem. If it is desired to make |
doubiy sure of # repair, cement may be used
with the clasp, but it isnot necessary.

|
)
According to the Seientific American, motor- |
men have been found inefficient as drivers for
automobile cabs in. Boston, owing to their |
training of using brakes with their right |
The first thought of
danger threatens is said to |
be that of at once putting on a brake |
with all possiblemight. On an automobile the
right hand deals with the steering lever and
this tendency results in the motor vehicle run-
ning wild. An accident that occurred in Bos- |
ton last summer Is said to be traceable tothe |
|
'

hands & motor-

mnan_ when

fact that the driver in charge was an ex-motor-
mun and his old instinct got the better of him.

 

The makers of coaster brakes are now said
to be working on the problem of changing |
them so that the bieyele may be trundled back-
ward, This isa needed improvement. A few
of the devices permit of this, but the majority |

 

and there aren yt many complaints, The sec- do not,

tion of the Garden containing the incubators Is —————e

the headquarters of all the children who visit BOWLING.

the show. Spectators say it is the best exhibit

ever held by the Association Instead of sustaining & double defeat in the

United Bowling Cluba’ section 2 series at the Ger- |
mania Assembly Rooms alleys last night the Spar
tan would have won both games had Moje not
missed 80 many easy spares, The scores

Many of the clubs are holding their annual
meetings at the Garden, Yesterday the Amerl|-
ean Exhibition Game and Game Bantam Club
elected T. A, Havemeyer, President; Robert
D. Winthrop, Vice-President; 8. W. Double-
day, Second Vice-lresident, and Charles T,
Caruman, Secretary-Treasurer, The Execu-
tive Committee contains many well-known
names, such as F. f’, Magoun, B.C. Thornton,

FIRST GAME,
Spartan—Moje, ¥¥; Dohm, 1845; Reutsch,
Cammann, 144; Schilling, 142. Total, 741.
Oriental ~MatchelL 165; Kreyenberg, 181: Vogel,
161, Gillhaus, 171,;Stumpfel, 196, Total, #41,
RFCOND GAMR.

18;

H. O. Havemeyer, Jr, William Barber and | MSpartan—Moje, 105; Dohm, 145; Rentsch, 169; |
John Crowe. } Cammann, 162; Sebilling, 145, Total, 706, |
The Waterford Club of America elected the Clio~Sauer, 132; Steitz, 165; Henze, 185; Ham-

following officers for the year 1/00; President, | Pel. 167; G. Kafler, 165, Total, 757,

T. PF. Rackham, Orange; Vice-President. J. F. THIRD GAME.

Crangle, Fisher's Island; Secretary, T, FP. Orientel—Mitchell, 140; Kreyenberg, 135; Vogel, |
Jager, Labanon, Pa,; Treasurer, A. J. Hallock, | 148. Gillhaus, 202; Stumpfel Luz. Total, 831,
Speonk, L It was decided to expend the Clo-sauer, XO, Steity 185; Henze, 119, Hampel,
sane amountof money for special prizes for | 100, J. Kater, 143. Total, 765, |

the next New York show as for this year's ex- | -—

Jack Breen aod Joe Arnold made their first appear
ance with the New York A.C team in the Athletic
Leagiie series atthe Elizabeth Club alleys Wednes- |
day night. The scores follow

hibition, also that special premiums be offered
in two other large shows to be held either
in Poston, Philadelphia or Chicago,
The following judges were elected for 1000 for

the Kastern show district: F. Crangle, 'T. F. FIRST GAME |
Jager, T. F. Rackham, A. J. Hallock and R. D. New York A. C.- Breen, luti; Armstrong, 178; |
Button Klingelhoffer, 155; Booth, 164; Arnold, 144. Total,

 

The prineipal awards follow:
POULTRY CLASSES,

Plymouth Rock, Any Variety, Any Age~Cock—Won
by J. H. Thompson, Jr |

RET
Elizabeth Club—Lane, 163, Vandeveer, 178; Davis,
184; Morrell, 124; Pope, 187. Total, 784,

SECOND GaMPF. |

   

 

 

 

 

   

 

Red Pile Game-—Cock and Cockerel—Won by John New York A, C.—Breen, 147; Armstrong, 153; |
Crowe, Hen-- Won by Jolin Glasgow, Pullet--Won by Klinghoffer, 15; Booth, 140, Arnold, 153. To
William Barbour. Any other variety—Cock aud | tal, ™
Hen—Won by F, X. Kienzie. klizabeth Club- Lane, 176; Vandeveer, 135; Davis, |

Ornamental Ducks Won by Robert Warwick | 146; Morrell, 140, Pope, 14. Total, 765 \

Black Breasted Red Game Bantaums—Cock and | rump ME
Hen—Won by A. A Parker. Cockerel-—Won by E Bree DAE
William Barbour, vullet- Won by F. P. Magoun, New York A. C,-—Breen, 161, Armstrong, 108
Brown Red Cock and Hen=Won by Mountain side Klingethoffer, 140, Booth, Isy: Arnold, 15%. To
Lofts. Cockerel and Pullet—Won by Haskell & tal. 54,

Thornton Red Pile—Cock and Pallet—Won hy Phizabeth Club—Lane, », Vandeveer, 184; Davis,
Haskell & Thornton He ind Co. kerel--Won by Iss; Morrel!, 128; Pope, 174. Total, 846
ALA. Parker, Goiden Duckwing—Cock—Won ? kK
P. Keashey Hen ant Pullet—Won by Willi the Fidelity and Casualty bowlers defeated the
Barbour, Coekerel Won by Mountain Side fie | Mutoal fifeand Metropolitan teams for the second
Siiver Duekwing—Heu—Won by KR. Po Keasbey. | timeinthe Life Insurance League on Wednesday
Cockere!—Won by William Barltour, Pallet-Won > nizht. The scores
by Haskell & Thornton,  Birehine—Cock—Won by FIRST GAME

, ornt % arel at > .
Worst! dain bile pan kere! and Pullet _Matnal Life—Vredenburgh, 1380 Widner, in:

Bronze Turkey, Hatched Prior to 18vi—Hen—Won | Carbonel, 140; Garrison, Lud, Miller, 127. Total, |
by H. J, Rosenberg, Hat bed D 1890- ot k W Metropolitam—Van Riper, 185; Simpson, 141;
by HJ, Rosenberg, Hen—Won by Fisher's Island K : 3 a ‘i: ee
Farm. White Turkey. hatched prior to 18W. ock pemindiet 118%; Richardson, 116; Newkirk, 144,

Won by S, F, Sturtevant & Co. eHen—Won by A. J, otal, Us, ;

Kreutier, Hatebed in Is¢u—Cock and hen—Won by SECOND OME,

A. J. Kreutter. Mutual Life-Vredenburg, 120: Widner, 185;
EXHIBITON YARDS, Carbonel, 148; Garrison, 156; Miller, 107. Total,

Light Brahma—Won by Norwood Farm, Dark— | ‘Bey “apits evvia, 156; Bra ;
Won by Willams. A. Pease, Buf Cochins—Won by ween, oor Banta tas, Vanes teh Total gos
George Ball. White—Won by William A. Pease. | ron arian, 1 otal, 74!
Black Langshans-Won by Dro Ff. M. Robinson. | CHIRD GAME
silt Orpingtons--Won by A. \ rerey. MetropolitanVan Riper, 163; Simpson, 144;
Barred Plymouth Rocks—Won by MoS, Garduer, | Kanimercr, Lio; Richardson, 151; Newkirk, 167;
White—Won by Fisher's [sland Farm, Silver Wyan Total. 7w5

dotte—Won by J. 8, Mayhew,
Db. Tilley. White—Won by
-Won by James Forsythe

Golden--Won by G
James (Chester, dr Hult
Single Comb White Leg

Ferris, 11; Bracken, 162; |
Varan, 126, Total, Tau,

Fidelity aud Casualty
Heron, 144, Banta, 176;

 

 

 

 

boru—Won by A.A. Hartshorn. Brown Won by ‘Two games were forfeited by the St. Monica No
George H. Burgott, Rus Won by A.D. Arnold, | team in the Atchdiocesan Un on League tournament
Rose Comb, White--Won by James F reythe | a¢ Starr's alleve on Wednesday night. The ecor «:
Krown Won by Janos Forsythe, Andalusians Won z
by Newton Cash, Black Minorcas—Won by Santee & | FIRST GAME
Anidruss, Kose Comb Black Minoreas—Won by Holy Cross Lyceum, Taam 1—Booth. 126; Rey
Heorhe H Northrup. Houdans—Won by James Por | nolds, 142. Doran, 153; Morrisey, 214, Galvin. 147-
sythe. Jersey Blues-Won by H. J. MecConn & Co. | Total, 782
Silver Spangled Hamburgs—Won by M. B Megar- | Columbus Catholic Club. Team 1—Ferril. 174
wer Black Breasted Red tiame—Won by Jobn | Haves. 188. Boyle; 150! Taylor, 141; Deguan: Low
Crowe Rose Comb Rhode Island Reds Won by | Total, 72
Rowland G. Buffington Pekin Ducks-—Won by A. | BFCOND GAMF
J. Matlock Wild) Millard — Won by @ DD. | Golmmbus Catholic Club Team 1—Decnan 105;
Tilley Black Brant — Won by G. D. Ville H 45; Boyle, 142, Tayl Ferrii
Oayuua Ducks Ww a by Clarence W King. Black Rotel sai FOr PERE SETIGE FNGi FONE LUD,
Hreasted Red Game Bantam—Won vy A. A. Parker ‘Bt. Moniva T 7
Light Brahma Bantam —-Won by George H. Wilsou, | Bt, Monica Team 1—Forfeited
White Cochin Bantam—Won b 9 b. Tilley Black | THIRD GAME, '
Cochin Bantam—Won by G. Db. Tilley, Golden Se | Holy Crosa Team 1—Booth, 115 ‘ its
bright Pantam—Won by Ira C. Keller. Bronze | Doran, 165, Morrissey, 175 aide anae tal Ae
Torkey—Won by H. J. Rosenberg. Wild Turkeys— st. Monica Team 1—Forfeited ale
Won by H. J, Rosenbers. | Sines
- The Bay Ridge A © was victorious in Wednesda
Basketball Notes, Night's serics of the Bay Ridge tournainent, ihe
At Whitestone on Wednesday night the Oneida A, ee
C. defeated the Warlow A, C. by the score of 18 to @ aoe eeee
a“ h Hay Ridge A. ¢ Ostroin, 167, Martin, 126: Rogge,
Fhe Keystone Brownies have a few open dates | aan Cuming, 17%; Walters, 145. Total, ty |
whieh they wonld like to fll with teams averauing Adirondack Hertwohl, 135: Heaser, 164: Thrane
1o5 to 110 pounds, Address Kdward Trass, baz ! Total, usa . :

Second avenue

During the recenttrip of the Yale team thirteen |

107; MeMeyer, 118, Suam, 160
| BECOND GAME

    

games were played, of which the New Haven team |» Adirondac k- Heaser 147, Hertwonl, 144, Thrune,

wou Tandlost 6. They scored 244 points against | PL: My Mevir 3 s; ae 185, pou 725 ;

171 for thety opponents, i sh ” mee, oan nee a “tes seatimel 18h,

bb ° » 188; d e '

Owing toachanyge in the management of the At | 773, en, ' Wan, ive. Total,

ane A teams } ibs having wames seheduled THIMD GAME,

With the saine will please commnpicate with George | s 7 ce

L.. Thoenebe, Rockaway Beach, N.Y j ae . ian \ tn HepeeD, K b Jaaaimel, 130;

e airy UE nhl, teat ee ' .

Arrangements were completed yesterday whereby | on. bl wan, 144. Total,

the teamsof the Polytechnic Institute and Adelphi | Bay Ridge A. C. — Ostrom, 101; Martin, 125

Acadeiny will play their annual match game at the
Riding and Driving Club of Brooklyn the latter part
of March, The club offers a trophy for the winning
team,

The teams of Horace Mann and Cutler Schools
lined upin the gymnasinta of the Teachers’ College
at Moruinvside Heights yesterday afternoon. The

Roger, 144, Cuming, 150; Walters, 145. Total, 715

The star guste! twiee passed the 900 mark in the
Brooklyn Twenty sixth Ward tournament on Wed-
nesday nigh The scores

FIRS) GAME

 

Mann players out laesed the Cutler boys and won au Star—A. Kiefer 15) Bordinaa, 177: Smith, is6; W,

euay victor ‘the score was: florace Mann, 36; | Moore, 108, C Kiefer, 202. fotal, v17

Cutler, M4 Yellow Kida -Vorreat, 133; Schaefer, 12 Kick,
The largest score ever made in a National League | l Donnvily, 175; Roesel, 140. Total. Two

ua was rolled Jp by ative! on Wednesday | SROOND GAME

noth? azauat the Pennsylvania Bicyele Club five, | wfer, 1; Bore “2 1 "

The former seored 60 pointe tol for the wheelnon wi lit-* ee ie orem. S08 Siaith, bud;

Bombo of the Millville team threw thirteen goals
from the Beld |, %; Donneiy,
Thest Thomas A.C, team played the five of the

Yellow Kids—Sehaeter, 144; FPorpost, 171

Ki
100; Roose), 168, ‘Totsl’ gud,

 

    

st. Marks A, ©, Wednesday evening, the former | aq previous high marks iu the United Bowling
Wihtines bya score of 24 ty 4 Teams wishing to Clubs. Section 2, tournament, were passed by the
book dates with the 8. TOA. O.. who average i20to | Orehard beam inthe third ame piayed on Wedne
12) pounds, will please addres: J, 8. Kinlay, Quy tay nivht. Uh@ Beore follows —
Kast Fifty-ninth street Weleonie Sehulty, dae. Bolte, 115: Goesch, 114
The Knickerbocker A.C. five and the Montank , Selimidt, tt) Wenderath, bs7. Total, uaa

Daxketball team of Brookivn met in the Ko A.C, Orehard- Bullwinwel, dyes Oehs, 74 Faselmann
wYtinasiin dost night. The Brooklyn players looked | Ldu, Steflens, 225; Buchholz, i8o, Total, vay :
like hoviees compared to the fast, snappy game prt . ~

up by the “Cherry Diaroond’’ experts, The latter | A scoreof 12 by Mra, M. Kesael of the Original

scored about as thoy pleased and allowed their op Vicilants Was the feature of the games inthe ar

poents to score only one polut on a foul. The K lington Women's tournament, Brooklyn, yesterday
AC. nen nade 1h afternoca. ‘The seores ; :
A team of basketball players, composed of th FIRST Gaye,

eracka trom Erasinus Hall WH, S., Plate Jntitut Ovaginal Vigilant—Mise Pope, tos Mra W Kesacl

 
    

 

 

    

  

Adelphi Academy, Boys’ High Sehoot and Polyteeh- 7
nie fostituteof srooklyn, and to be known cs the | #2 sigh tae sh Mra. M. Kessel, 142, Mrs
} Brooklyn Scholastic Hasketball Team," ta le ai Cc nut =r W 19
jug organized, As soon asthe team has attained the ois Sot mie eniseh. 127) Mow. Bruning
proficiency to warrant ita formal challenze will be Mre. bm Bs B68; Mrs. Linken, Lou, Mra, Teitie,
iswied tothe Yale University players. and proper in 1 OL. FO Bem, SI : '
ducer nude to the New Haven men to come t ND GAME
Brooklyn and meet the sehoolooys hinge County Mere. Wendie ho 122; Mra. Bruning
De, J. Mart n Voorhees, physical diroctur of the ott Mrs akon Rh Mrs. Thubeu, ite. Mes
Pintt Institute A Aoof Brooklyn. stat mater cite, w : ‘
that the Institute High Sehool te ara. foe oP mt : ek [ ms ee ete: 111: Mere. Schoenwerk, 1
ly oer Mr iooiier, 1S. Mra, Prretschner ’ rs
Hots Island LA. T. Dashetball championship, was ieru tt, 10. Total, pre Prretzsehner, 110, M

rads to play of the sch duled game for the cham
pionehipot Greater New York with the N.Y, 1A. A
winner as soon as the latter was determined 1

PHIND OMe
Unter Cus— Mra. Byles, oy: Mie. Schoenwork. 1

Voorhees saves We are wiliing to play either in Mrs. Cheollier, 115. Mere t “hoe

Brooklyn oF New Fork, be best suite the captains of Bar ett, 135, Potal 10 + Peretrachner, 111. (Mfrs
the teams, but we shall insistona noutral court be- Orbginal Vigilant—Mise Pope, vs. XW W. Kessel
ing chosen so that neither team shall have any ad re. Mra, Monn, 247, Mrs. ww Kennel th Pa Hur
vantage, bel, bay. ‘Total, 6y2, F ; F

 

Property Offices, Lofts, or Stores,

of all descriptions, whether you seek them or

peve them a : ave of, pare ee of oR AT THE Shain WHEELMEN ALLEY#—FIRST GAME.
N's advertising columas, UN reader Atlanta Imen—Miller, 141: Hay, 159; Halsey, |

will always be found @ desirable tenants of | 175; Schiff, 67, » 141; . ; y,

Sustumer.—Adv. Morthern ozate, 171. Total, 8

 

The Atlanta Wheelmen and Riverside A.C, teas
cach won three gamex in the Morris and Kases
League on Wednesday night. The scores:

 

; Smith, 141; C. Meyer, 145,

| @Ect New York Council

| 602,

| Oxley, 188, Egelhoft, 176

       

 

 

 

46a Byno, 140; Downs, 183; Baker, 144, Total, IMPORTA)

®RCOND GAME,
Atalanta Wheelmen-—Millar,
Haleey, 180; Behitt, iat; Olo:
orthern Republican Club
yee Ryno, 184
48

 

 

 

148;
ist,

T GOLF MEETING,

Toit, KOT) MOG, A. ELECTS OFFICERS AND

» 124) Hopper, > ,
Downs, 183; Hater, 14. Total, | CONSIDERS OTHER SUBJECTS,

 

 

 

THIMD GAME
Atalanta Wheelman Millar, 3

All Arrangements os to Time and Place
forthe Champlonship Tournament Are

   

 

gD a ON Maye, 14d, Bopper Left to the Executive Committee—Nase

at: Kyno, 194; Downs, 10; Baker, 177, Total, sau Country Club Only Direct Bidder,

587.

, 43 SIVERAIDE A. ©. ALERTE-Pike? Gian All records for attendance were broken last
Riverside A. O.—Cadiz, 174; Teller. hight at the annual meeting of the M.G,. A.

i 17%; Fisher, |
147; Stantor, 179) Smith, Total, als

Orteni kc rithers 1, Tavior, 144, Banta,
166, Kod) Brune, 100; dG. Beans, 160, Total, Too.

sKOOND GAME

Kiverside A. C.-Oadiz, 168, Teller, 205; Fisher,
178; Stanior, 174) Smith 174. Total, sv7,

Oritant F.C. Struthers, bas Tayl r, 100, Banta
120, K. 8, Bruns, 160, J, G. Brauus, bau. Total, 747,

THIRD GAME

held atthe Metropolitan Club. As had been

bresaged in the report of the Nominating Come
mittee ROH, Robertson, the former Vice-Prese
ident, stepped up a place and succeeded to the
Presidency made vacant at his own request
by H. B. Hollins, Sr, of Westbrook, Hollins,
who has been a reliable and influential leader
in local golf since the organization of the M, Q@,

    

 

Riverside A, C.--Cadis, 174, Teller, 142: Fisher

949) Manion, 10; Smith, IMT, ‘Total, wae . | A., does not want his resignation to be taken
Onitant F.C, Strather 4}; Taylor, 210; Banta, " j . '

100; 14, Brune, tid: da). Brune tot: Tote nea | asan indication that he has lost any of his

interest in the game, for the step has beea
Prompted solely by the increasing inroads

made by business on his time. He preside
last night, Kobertson, contrary to the usu
custom, declining to take the chair until the
next meeting

Louis P. Bavard, Jr, was appointed by Hole
ling to the vacant piace on the Handicap Come
mittee, Arden M, Robbins, of this committee,
said that no pians bad been made regarding an
issuing of the handicap list at certain Interv:
oftime. Allarrangements as to the place an
time for the championship, except that the
event should be held in May, were left to

The Assoviatod Cycling Claba of New York tour:
nament wanes last night resulted as follows:
Like! GAME,

Wheelmen— Walsh,
Jye, L. Mulford,

 
 

17
165,

Fauer,
Dumble,

IAT,
Ibe,

Century
Fletener,
Total, ka,

Bowling Green Wheelmen—Forfeited

BRECOND GAME,

Rowling Green Wheelmen—F irfeited,

Morris Wheelmen—MacDonald, 144; Thompson,
Iwo; Schneider, 19%; Dielerick, 171, Gibson, 190,
Total, x40

 

THIRD OAME

 

Century Wheelmen- Walsh, 244; Fauer, 190; | the Executive Committee. the discugsio:
Fleteh i: Mulford, 143: Dumbie, 14m, | thatledto this action RK, B. Kere had state
Total that the Lakewood Golf Club did not wish the

ot,
bowling Green Wheelmen--MacDonald, 1
Thoipson, 156; Sehneider, 185, Diederick, 1
Gibson, 170. Total, 434
Last night's West Sido League games resulted as
follows;

s; | reguar April open event, although it wo
hot refuse it in a feeling of courtesy,
Nassau Country Club. through its representas
tive, Harvey Murdock, put in a strong bid for
the championship meet, This was the only
direct offer made. Robertson spoke in ene
corsement of the Nassau course, and, judging
from the trend of opinionamong the delegates:
the Glen Cove links will be chosen,

The officers and committees elected follow:

President, ROH. Robertson, St’ Andrews: Vicee

47; | tournamert, as it would interfere with the
he

TIR4T GAME
Solo—H, Mewver, 158; Hofener, 151: W. Meyer, 159;
Smith, 17; © Meyer, 160. Total, 780,
Ceutral—Huberth, 144; Biggs, 114; Shortmeyer,
18, Bond, 100; White, 140, iotal, 648,

SRCOND GAME

Central—Huberth, 1&4; Bond, 140; Rapp, 160; | President, Waiker Breeze Siuith, ‘tuxedo, Secretary,
| Shorvtmeyver, 161: White, 152. Total, 7ae, John Du Fais; Treasurer, W. Fellowes Morgan,
West Shore—Meinke, 147; Braner, 145; Meyer, | Morris County,

Executive Committes—O, W, Bird, Meadow Brook,
Perey Chubb,
wood; A. M.
Essex County

Handicap Committee--Daniel Chauncey, Dyker
Meadow; A. M. Robbins, St, Andrew's, L, P. Bayard,
Jr, Baltusrol
‘ sourhamenh Committee—O, , Ww, nik Meadowe
rook; Robertson, St. Andrew's; C, L, Tappi
Westbrook and Garden City —

All except six of the forty-four clubs in the
association were represented at the meeting.
The list of delegates follows:

Maturin Ballou and R. T. Wainright, Apawamis

164; Holsten, 138, Tiedemann, 142,
THIRD GAME,

H. Meyer, 144; Hofener, 154; W. Meyer, 124;

1 Total, 700

West Shore—~Meinks, 154; Brauer,

17; Holeten, Idi; Tiedemann, 177,

76K
Total, 768, Nassau Country; RK. B

Robbins, St

Kerr, Lake
Andrews; OC, F. Watson,
Solo

 

7; Meyer,

Total, 858,
The North Side League ames at Pump's alley

last night resulted as follows. mp's alleys

FIRST GAME,

Pontiac Wheelmen Team 2—E. Ebling, 180;
Bteurn, 210; Dewes, 185; Kessler, 101, Clinch, 147,
Total, sin,

Ferber, 140: H. Heira, 167;

Kronxdale Mahoney,

171; E. Heirs, 162; Balz, 150, Total, 70, roy H. 1. RB, tae end Thomas W, Stiles,
aca rdsley Casino, L. H, Graham and John Du

og, TROOND DAUR. 2 ' Pais, Baltusrol: H, KR. Lounsberry and T. P,
Bronxdale—Ferber, 148; H. Heirs, 179; Mahoney, | Luguer, Bedford Golf Clab; ©. B, Van Brunt
15): E. Heirs, ie: Balz, 160. Total, 821. and Howard 8. Bowne, Crescent A. C.; Daniel

  

 

eee 158; W Channevy and b. L. KalbMeiseh, Jr, Dyker Meadow,

et, | G Ho Burntt and Dr, Samuel O.° Manderpool,
Englewood; Julien Curtis, Fairfield county:
J. A. MeCord and G. C. Perkins, Garden City; Ralph
McKee and Otto Hockmeyer, Harbor Hill; George

Chippewa--Koedel,
Schmidt, 143,
Total, 792.

Brunssen,
140; Comerford,

THIRD GAMR
Pontiac Wheelmen Team 2—E Ebling, 164; Stearn,

  

208; Dewes, 165; Kessler, 178; Clinen, ) : A. Tiffany and CC. Harmstad, Jersey City: Jasper
po. eb, 190, Totul, Lynch, RB. B Kerr, Golf Club of Lakewood; Joha
Chippewa—Roedel, 100; Brunssen, 14%: Sanders, | Nelson and Frank A, Moore, Larchmont Yacht Clubs

110; lsenbarth, 164; Comerford, 186, Total, 410, M. M. Singer and H.C. Villepigue, Laurence Harbor

= Couutry Club, O. W. Bird, Jr., and T. A, Haves
Price Council tallied 967 and #11 in the Brook yu an aren open eal) Fiei't A a

Arcanum tournament last night. The scores,

FIRST GAMP,

East New York Council—A. Kiefer, 195; Haase 140;

Bi Moore, 211, W. Moore, 1¥4; C, Kiefer, 184. Total:
24

brooklyn Council—Tabor, 169;

cer, 150; Clarke, 142; Halloran,

and F. M. Harrison, Montclair Golf; kK. H. Wil-
hiame and W. A. Flagg, Morris County; Richard
Deming and George Hyatt, Mt. Pleasant Field Club;
Harvey Murdock and Percy Chubb, Nassau Conntry
Clib; Arthur Ryle and Heory Hewat, North Jersey
Country Ciub; W. DB. Hopper and H. B. Billings,
Norwood Field Club, © C, Arnold and M. M. Gra-
ham, Oakland; Qhester Griswold, Jr, and P. A. Van

 

‘ook, 154; Spen-
Total, 740

 

 

SRCOND GAME Doren, — Princeton F. © Mitchell and H,

Brooklyn Counci)—Tabor, 187; Cook, 144; Spencer, | J. Jova Powellton Club: James Park and
147, Clarke, 145; Halloran, 145. Total. 784. A. FE. Patterson, Richmond County; Frank-
Justin FP. Price Council—Shea, 220; Woolley,167; | lyn Paddock and ©. 8 Van Rensselaer, Rich-
mnond Hill, H.@G.4Trevor and HK, H. Robertson,

Sephnens, 164, Forman, 170; Potter, 11, “Total,

91 Shinnecock Hills; A.M. Robbins and J. A. Wngeht
St. Andrew's; Walter Breese Smith and Grenville
Kane, Tuxedo Golf, A. 8. Pitt and Harvey L, Wil-
liana, Wee Burn, Justice Henry A. Gildersleeve,

Westchester Country; Frank B. Wesson and weorep
a

 

THIRD GAME.

Justin F. Price Council—Shea, 258; Woolley, 144,
Gehihans, 180; Forman, | v6; Potter, 187. Total,wa7,
A. Kivfer, 170; Haase,
we, 154; C. Kiefer, 212

   

Fox Tiffany, Westchester Golf; C. L. Tappan and
M. Knapp, Westbrook, and A.H. Larkin and W.
Berg, Yountakah Country Club,

 
 

Moore, 153; WY

  

 

gan Wheelmen won two games in the C
A at tournament of the Loug Island, A. of C. C. last
night. The scores
FIRST GAME,
Logan W.—Sehiff, 172; Brush, 191;
Oxley, 160, Egelhof, Lik, Total, 727,
Indian C ~Gowpert, 12d; H. Burgheim, 84: Litt-
man, 124; Latukey, 110: Herbst, 88, Total, 530,
RECOND GAME,
Indian (.—Gampert, 102, L Burgheim. 181; Litt
mann, 144; Lamkey, 117, Herbst, 188. Total
Brooklyn B, C.—Thomas Anderson, Jr., 14:
168; Huebel, 310, Joslin, £21; Worth, 155

FIGHTING,

Bids for the Jeffries-Corbett Match—Only
One Contains a Check,

At o'clock last evening Al Smith met Billy
Brady and George Considine in the office of the
Manhattan Theatre and presented five sealed
| envelopes and one telegram containing bide
| forthe contest between Jeffries and Corbett,

whoare matched to meet for the champion-
shipon March 15 next. Brady then produced
| another envelope which contained a bid anda
certified check for $2,500, Smith opened the
other offers and found that neither contained
the deposit called for in the articles of agree.
ment.

The Carnival Company of San Francisco
agreed to don 354,000 without any picture
privileges, or $25,000 and SO per eent, of the
gute receipts, with a guarantee that the said
rece.pts will exceed $389,000, or a $30,000
purse and one-half of the kinetoseone privi-
leges. ‘The National Club of San Franciseo

Taylor, 144;

 

Nem
Total,

 
 

THIRD GAMF,

Thomas Anderson, Jr, 141; Neff,
178; Joslin, 155, Worth, 140. Total,

Brooklyn B.C
14"), Huebel,
Tau

Lovan W.—Schiff, 142; Brush, 182; Taylor, 158. |
Total, 7¥6,

Bowling Games To-night.

Associated Cycling Clubs of New York—Madison
Wheelmen, Harlem Wheelmen aud Riverside Wheel
meu, at Thum & Kahlsdorf's alleys

National Leasue—Fidelia, Oriental and Washing
ton, at Starr's alleys

North Side League—Gotham, Morris Wheelmen
and Corinthian, at Pamp's alleys

Plattdentsche Clite—Fleventh Ward, Lenox and
Harlem Plattdeutsche, at the Arcade alloy»

 

Arlington National -Straggler, Homestead and -
Manahatta, at the Arlington Hall alleys, ‘ , | offered 70 per cent, of the gross receipts, with
Maepuerctor Hall~ Garrick vs, Schooner, at the | a guarantee of $20,000

Maennerchor Hall alleys
North Side—Gerard, Me'rose and Grove Hill, at
Stes alleys

Alteralithe envelopes had been opened and
, read Brady said

New York Royal Arcanum League—De Vinne Con ” rl ]

ceil, Empire City Council and Kuickerbork +r | I think ny offer fs the only bona fide one in

( oun i at tp Pennie ehib ates a ; | the lot. Lam not at liberty to state where my

rooklyn Hoyal Arcanum Leagne—Fern Couneil, | ‘ . » j

Burnside Council and Tolauthe C suncil, at nr el ibhouse is loented, but Tassure you that itis

first-class. L like the Frisco offers all rught, and

or’s alleys
Roval Tam in favor of deferring action until Monday

Brooklyn 0 Arcanum League Sub—Lefferts |
C ( fast Ne ork Couneil ay Je Long Co , |
ouncil, Fa ew York Council and De Long Coun afternoon at 4 o'vlock to ullow full time for the
certified checks to arrive.”

cil attbe Flophant Club alleys
Thirteenth KMegiment- Company H, .
' Sradyaiso salt that Jeffries would be pleased
Night in San Franeisco and Considine intie

 

Company M

 

and Field Music

Germania Apollo, Standard and Putnam, at Ber to

  

 
 

 

         
   

nard's alleys mated the same on behalfof Corbett, Brady's
Kings County—Templeton, Leouard and Stagg, at) bid was
Leaster’s all ye ‘ ‘ | Thereby make the following proposition for the
Bay Ridge St Michar Is vs, Reilly 1, Arcanum vs Jetty ea-Co ttient Lwillwiveto the contestants
Bay Hidue A c, and Kellly J vs. Shore Road Wheel er ey ent of the grog receipts, with «a guaran
man 1, at Koch's alleys, ; 5 : tee that theirshare shall beat least $15,000, Twill
yi a oy, sore VAD Siclen, East New York and , name the place on or before Feb, 20. Tf the contest
bo, at Helyan's alleys | ' ; 7
a hall take eat in onwble dis © frou
Twenty-sixth Ward--Atlantics vs. Goodenough, at | gpa s nou ih aeke ath iit pushes _ ae a hs
Kruse's alleys Rios tion for menont ther tramers IT berewith close
Athletic League-—North End Club va. Jersey ¢ ity | certined check for $2,500 in evidence of good faith

Chub, at the North Bod Club alteys

{ George F, Considine’s proposition was

 

Morris and Faaex Leagcne—Union Club vs Firet
Ward Kepublican Club at the Union Club alleys; with hand youenelosed abid fromthe Broad.
toney ne ie South Orange FC. at the Rose of New York city for the Jetries Corbst
He alleys, E the ciub will g ‘ . ent. of ts
‘ Bevatk League--Northern Republican Club va gross receipts ; SRE Eee
Roseville A. A atthe Northern Republican Clit TT) , , r
leys; Weal Kod Club ve, Betleville Whee!men mah pl: | The Stan tard A. of Fair View, N. J
West End Clib alleys, ' through Julius Goldstein, made the appended
aiememuenana offer
NICKE OCKER | Thave been yequeste | by the Board of Managers
KNICKERBOCKER SWIMMERS Wy, ; su iit the following offer for th: Corbett-Jeatries
, - + ontest. Twill ytve oo per cent, of the net receipts,
Easily worens tee Pastime A.C. in a Bast Tom (Rourke wrote as follows:
ater Polo Game. Ov heha'fof Abe Brat and myself, who represent

| the Sedside sporting Clob, | bid 60) percent. of the

A varied aquatie
roes veceipta of a twenty-five round Qoxiug contess

programme, including a

' fast game of water polo, was carried out by the | al the elivhonse, March 15
Knickerbocker A, C, swimmers last night! HH. A. Souder and C.J. Broner of Clio, Ta.
for the beneflt of the large crowd that | Seut the following bid

attended the clubhouse on >“ Jadieg |. Pht KS. A.W. Athletic Club wishes the Corbett
night Six dou hty swimmers of tha al, ! leita sboutarthis pla and Will mak: an offer
Pastime A, C. had the tamerity to oppose ) eo eowNetn an ae Sai netnuccne Gnue
the champion Cherry Diamond” team at . a heut ial reserve a Ietoseope views

water pale Though the “Indians” showed - —
pluck and determination they were no mateh

forthe men of the home team, and the Kniex- OOD OF Re Ting,
erboeker goalkeepers had litth work to do Puitapenenta, Feb. d attraction at

The opening

 

 

 

      

   

   
  

 

 

After roiling up six goals in short order thea | the Industrial Mail boxing show next Monday mght
Knickerboeker players infused new life into | SW!!! bow sixeround bout between Tom Carey and
the game by passtug the ball tote the ranks of Joe Goddard,
thetropponents and cleverly recapturing the Hor Sprivcs, Ark, Feb t-Jim Jeffries and
sphere before the Pastimes were able to take , Temiy Ryan have set led their troubles, and the
advantage of their generosity, Summaries hatter Will azain be one of the chaumpion's secoade
} inhis tight with Corbett
WATER POLO, ,
: Broom Lp, Feb) P-At @ “Stnoker” given tn
Pa tine A Piosifiane at Central Hall last night Terry Lee. on: of the
Rostick , | t@inersot Terry M Govern, knocked Joe MeCauley
MeHg’ Porwards queues , Of Brooklyn ont thes niroundofa six-round
McGrew Van CHef bout There were also al other —“gos,’
Mecuhli Half Back Neidiinvve: eon the ne between Billy Furman of Newark
‘ ey i 7 ‘ ‘ N i gud Jack Allen of Bloomfeid. The former qm
Kayovw)! froil. ; . Merle after the dirst round onthe ground that Allen was
‘ ne too bea ‘ in

Beore—hKuiekerbooker A.C), 6: Pastime AL, 0, 1 si 1 ‘ r nD Sullivan notified

Goals Reuss, 2; Reeder, Van Chef, 2 lens: i ate yesterday 4 noon Dave Sullivan notifiec
Reus t t , onl Nenas, 1, Matehmaker George Considine that he would) be
AQUATIC RVENTS J Unable to ta hid Broad at the Broadway A. C,

Relay Race for Members Won by LL. Johnaon, Je toniht, ae be lad dajaret bis sioulder in hig
H.W, Wotherspoon, de and L. C. Goodwin. Time) | eucototer with Tock Hauwtton at Troy on Thesday
Point P24 eds | txooddealof bustling Joe Bernstein

Tih hice Woo by 0. Van Chit. G. Nene aoe | hie In good wliay and has been
ond Po, Reilly, third Cea | fate. ‘Hierustein aud Unoad will

Kaw ond Spoon ace Won by L. C, Goodw round Boerusten met Brow
Wotherspoon, dr aceome " In, ard the latter pot tl les sion

1oo-Yard Mateh Rav 1, Jonson, Jr, defeated | seinem
Wee Millers Time, 2roinites, M415 secon ie Did Not Stave Margin, but Another Mare,

Wrest ing | The inaugural sale of trotters and pacers,
° } . .

Krnest Roeber, the Greco-Roman champion | Wier the matagement of WD. Grand, at the
wrestler of Minerica, and Beck Olsen, champion of | American Horse Exchange last evening was
Dermari who lately arrived in ths country, mer | Well attended, but the offerings as a rule were
Seti} ithe te ry ‘a8 ee H, to take place next | pot suchas to Warrant high prices nor create
i iH rem ered,

ese ‘much oexcitementin the way of spirited bid-
Poewmonta Kills Father and Mother ana | “lik

Prostrates Daughter, What was expected to be the star of the sale

 

 

John Powers of 708 Montgomery stree’, Jer 49 ae wee au oe a , wh “ge
ty. die i. Vaiss ; 9.37%. ! wae ecla ven the
sey City, died on Wednesday evening of pueds | mare was led into. the ring, however,
moni a ae succumbed to the same | it was announced by her owner that there
disease On Friday, and his Oo dk p had been some sharp practice and that
aceunpanted her body to ag dpughters j he was sat stod that Re did not have the mare
there they received a despateh asking ‘them to | be bad supposed, aad thereiore offered her as
hres: home if they wanted to see their father ; Patres Unknown \ano one cared to take
ul They returned! by the frat train but | ehayee with her.she was withdrawn after a bid
arrived too late. The younger daughter caught | of $> The real Margin ia well known to New
a coll white in Rome and is now prostrated with | York horsemen by reason of the Hotoriety ahe
preumonia, Mr. Powers, who was @ buyer for | @cyuire fiiew vears since in various “ringing *
H. 1. Claflin & Co., was out of town when he | expeditions unter the name of “Kose
wis notified by telegraph of his wife's iineas, | Charter’ &e. The last aales ofthe evening
and It was while hurrying home that he caught | Were
the cold which caused his death, Winterton Wik om. di had, foaled tau, by
EERE Bro@n Wilkes -stanetta, Jolin Mouuir , New

Hor . York $258
orses, Harness and Carriages. Midnight Hal, -:1i'y, bik g., 6 heads, foaled

144, by Black Hal, 8. and LL. Frank, New

No better market is open to you, providin
Se So ar Fellable, than the readers of | pageich.g iW hands, foaled ims, ¥ Ho Noe Oe

600, NOW YORK. .c6 ccecseseecrse reser sversenreee OOD