9
PEAOR DELEGATES’ PLANS.

BOBRS s41D TO BEAR A MESSAGE
TO PRESIDENT M'KINLEY.

Comiag te This Country After a Ghert Stay ts
Burepe— England Much Bncoersged by
Bebverts’s Message Theagh There Has Keen
Ne Apparent Chaage tn the Situation.

‘ A peciai Cate Deepawh te THE BUN.

Lonpow, April 14.—-The Beer Peace delegates
who have now arrived at The Hague from
Milan are the subjects ef considerable dis-
@ussion, but as yet no very serious import
fe attached to their actions, Their mis-
eon is to treat for peace, the sugacated basis
being, as already reported, a guarantee ef
soutrality te both republics by the Powers and
by the United States om eondition that the
republies dismantie their fortifications and
abolish thelr artillery, The Times dismisses
(bis ourtly as “a puerile suggestion,” and the
otatement fairly represents British opinion.

Astatement comes from Reme to-day that
the chief object of the Commissioners fs to sus-
tify ip the eyes of Europe and America the re-
publics’ action in tuking the Initiative in the
war. The Commissioners bring with them
about two hundred and Afty officia) documents,
which they believe will preve conclusively that
Bogland was determined to ight before Presi-
dent Kriger's ultimatum was sent.

The chief documeate are first, the general
plan drawn up by an English staff Major for
the invasion of the Tranevaa! and the Orange
Free State, being the plan whick Gen. Buller
vainly attempted to follew at the Tugela River;
eecond, the complete ante-bellum correspond-
ence between Presideats Kragerand Steyn
end Bir Alfred Milner aad Colonial Secretary
Chamberlain; third, the plan ef mobilisation
fm Ragiish territories im Beuth Africa; fourth,
@ letter from Ceoll Khedes te ene of his agents
at Pretoria; ath, letters and telegrams found
on prisoners and on killed and wouaded offi-
@ors,

Tus Sun's informant adds that the Commis-
sioners will remain eniy a few weeks in
Kwrope, the principal objective of their
journey being Washington. Mr. Abram
Wiecher, it {a learned, bears letters from Presi-
@ent Kroger for the Queen of Holland and
President MoKinley.

If the Commissioners have no other weapons
than these in theirarsenal they cannot gain
much in Europe. ‘Vhe fact te that the various
Governments have already notified them to
that effect. Neither /s importance attacked to
the protest lodged at Lisbon regarding the use
ef the Beira route by the British. The Portu-
auese Foreign Minister has already declared
thatthe British are merely exercising treaty
privileges which were not ebrogdted by the
war. whilo Boer reprisals are not probable, as
that move would convert Delagow Bay into &
hoatile port protected by a Dritish fleet.

What te regarded more seriously here is the
effect that may possibly follow the visit of the
Commissioners to the United States in the
midst of the excitement of a Presidential eec-
tion. British apprehensions on this head ure
somewhat vague, but there is @ dietinet fear
that the use of pro-Boer sympathy asa tool ja
the election will give rise to @ certain amount
of friction which the British Government par-
tlou'arly desires to avoid

As regards the purely military situation there
is to-day a strange feeling of encouragement
in place of the gloom prevaliing during the
past week. Itis strange, because the change
in feeling ia based on nothing further than
Gen. Lord Roberte’s non-committal despatch
and the assurances of several correspondents
that events will turn out all right, though po
wrounds are given It seems hardly
possible that Gen. Roberts's command fe vet
eMeiently remounted, though between now
and April 21 4,000 horses are due at Cape
Town.

The Foglish supply
exhausted. A man

of horses is practically
who has been commis.

sioned by the Governinent to supply 80,000 |

horses said last evening that he could obtain
none here The authorities are severely con-
demneu for their lack of foresight tn this mat-
ter, especially wimo it is known to every
etudent of war that the whole German cavalry
was thrico remounted during the Franeo-
Pruss‘an war, when conditions were Infinitely
more favorable to kooping horses tn good con
dition than in South Africa

Meanwhilethe postions ofthe rival armies
have not apparently changed during the last
few days. Gen, Roberta's movements, how-
ever, are carefully kept secret. The only indi-
cations given seem to point to a plan to hem in
the Boers in the scutheas: corner ofthe Free
Btate. In this ense the British ought to be
pressing east from Bloemfontein to cut off the
retreat tothanorth. The Cape Colony border
ia considered safe on the south, the railway to
the west ia stronwly held at every yard
and on the east {ts the Basutoland
border held by natives In this neigh-
borhood the Wepener garrison {a atill
hoiding out Still, even if the cordon were
successfully placed the Boer forey inthe Thaba
N’Chu district would probably escape to the
northward, because the Boers there are gen-
erally well awnre of the British plans. Many of
the Boers further south would also probably
escape by twoa or threes or quietly return to
their farms and rebury their Mausers until the
next opportunity

As regards Natal. {tseems unlikely that much
will be done there In the near future, Gen
Hunter's division has gone to the Cape, Gen.
Buller being thus weakened, probably because
he decided that the forcing of the Natal passes
was impracticable at present. It is expected,
therefore. that he will merely maintain his
present linea in Natal untli Gen. Koberts’s
advance again clears his way

KRUGER I8 A KROONSTAD.

British Patrol Captures Four Boer Scouts
North of Bloemfontelta.
Special Cable Despatch to TUR SUN
Prom THE SUN'S Correspondent with Gen. Roberts.

Broemronteiy, Apri! 14. President Kroger,
who was reported to be at Brandfort on April
12, is now said to be at Kroonstad.

On Tuesday last 4 patrol of mounted Infantry
under Capt. Wignam surprised four Boer scouts
seven miles north of Karea Siding {n a farm
house between Korn Spruit and Van Sekkerk's
Drift. The Boors were captured and hrought
here

The next farm. about a mile away, was occu-
pied by about fifty zarpa (Boer mounted police

who tried to catch the British patrol, which |
| Some Remarkable Scenes of Humiliation and

consisted of about twenty men. The
sneceeded in getting back,

Irom the extreme left of the British position
ot Houdedebeck Mountain, which ts
sth ugly held by Gen Roberts's forees, a Boer
aager is plainly visible some seven milea to
the northeast. Thero are probably 1,500 Boers
there.

Kichter, the Donker’s Hoek farmer, who was

supposed to have had some part fn the shoot-
ing of two Hussars two days ago, has been
arrested, Richter had a non-combatant’s pass
at the time of the shooting

patrol

the

CRONJE AT ST. HELENA.

The Captured General and His Staff Will
Occupy Kent Cottage.
Special Cable Despatch to THY SUN
Lonpow, April 14.—Gen. Cronje landed at 8t

Helena thia morning. There was no demon. |

etration.

A battalion of the Royal Artillery escorted |

the General and his party tu thd Kent cottage

where they will reaide.
. efore they were escorted to the cottage the
ronjes were received at the castle by Gov
terndalo, They remained there foran hour
no. Cronje and his

wife appeared .to bh
eheertul. " :

THE BRITISH RHODESIAN FORCE.

Gen. Carrington Satis From Cape Town to |

Betra to Take Command.
Special Cadle Despaich to Tne Sux
Carr Town, April 14.—Gen, Carrington satis
to-day for Beira, Portuguesa East Africa. It
fa supposed that he is to conmand the British
division that will go to Khodesia.

The Duke of Teck, who has been accused of
pelea responsible fora recent disaster to the

ritish tu the Orange bree state, bas returned
to Bioemlontein alter a kries vieit bere.

‘ie 6 ded Be NG

, and fought for tho privilege of carrying images

1 not inspire to the bigheos poets Unagination.” ;

REICHMANN STORY AGAIN DENIED.

Correspondents at the Kern Spreit Action Say
Me Took No Part in It.
Special Cadie Despatch to TUB SUN.
From THE BUN's Correspondent at Pretorie.

Partonza, April 12, Via Lorenzo Marques,
April 14,2 P. M.—In reference to the cabled
report that the Boer attack on the Britioh at
Sanna’s Post, or Korn Spruit, was led by Capt.
Reichmana, the American military attaché with
the Dutch army, eyewitnesses of the fight can
be quoted assaying that there te no truth ia
the story. Correspondents who were present
during the fight say that Capt, Reichmann was
there looking on the engagement simply as &
military attaché.

‘he Edinburgh Afrikander Ambulance Corpse
bas just returned from the Natal frontier. It
has been in charge of Dr. Neethiing and hae
done noble work while under fire. The assist-
ance of this corps is greatly appreciated, par-
tfoularly asthe Edinburgh students are eape-
cially aseful on account of their ability to
epeak Dutch.

SAYS CZAR WILL INTERVENE.

Rumer in Moscow of an Impending Warning
to Great Britaia.
Special Cable Despatch to Tam SUN.

Moscow. April 14.—The Cesar and Osarine
and their children arrived here to-day. They
will visit the Grand Duke Ser@tue, the anele of
the Crar, in about ten days, and It ie expected
that on the route to Livadia there will be some
public functions, to which the populace are
eagerly looking forward.

But the ohlef interest of the public centres in
the rumor that the Czar will use the oooasion
to lasue an Important political manifesto, the
kernel of which will bean ultimatam to Great
Britain to immediately conclade a treaty of
peace with the Boers: otherwise Busela will
occupy Cabal and Herat.

The people, it is eaid, have been led by the
press into an animated and intense feeling of
Anglophobia, and many of them thoroughly
believe thie latest rumor.

MRS. KRUGER'S IDEA OF THE WAB.

Mopes God Will Soon Stop the Bloo@shed,
But Says the Republic Will Be Defended.
Special Cable Despatch to THB SUN.

From THB SUN'S Correspondent at Pretoria.

Lozgnzo Mangugre, April 14.—The cor-
reapendent of Tax Sun had an Interview to-
day with the wife of President Kroger in re-
gard to the war.

Mrs. Kroger satd that she hoped and trusted
that God would soon put a slop tothe present
merciless bloodshed. But, she added, the in-
dependence of the Republic would be vigor-
ously defended, even if Pretoria should finally
be taken.

She sald that up to the present time thirty-
three of her grandsons, fourof her sons and
sx of her sons-In-law had gone to the front,
in addition to numerous other relatives, Up
to the present time two of her grandsons have
been killed

ROBERTS PROTESTS TO ARUGER,

Alleged M-Treatment of Sick British Prison-
ore at Waterval.
Spectai Cable Despatch to THB SUN

Loxpoy, April 15,.~A @espateh to a news
agency from Bloemfontein saya that on April
12 Gen, Roberts sent a strong protest to Preat-
dent Kra@er about the treatment of the Colon-
fal prisoners and the aick at Waterval, Gen,
Roberta Ceamanded that the rules of the Geneva
Convention be observed.

WHITE BACK IN LONDON,

i GEN.

The Defender of Ladysmith Geta an Enthual-
astic Welcome.
Specia} Cable Despatch to THR SUN

Loxpon, April 14.~Gen. White, the com-
muaoder of the Ladysmith garrison, arrived
here this afternoon on @ especial train from
Liverpoo!. Ife was immediately recognized by
the people atthe station and enthusiastically
cheered. (Great crowds surrounded him and
he shook hands with as many as possible,

FDINBURGH HONORS WR. CHOATE.

Degree of LL. D. Conferred on Our Ambaasa-
dor, Who Gets an Ovation,
Syeciai Cable Despatch to | HE SUN

Evissunon, April 14.~8ir Ludovic James
Grant, reglus professor of public lawin Kdin-
hurgh University, In presenting the degree of
1.L. 0. to Mr. Joseph Choate, the American
Ambassador, to-day sald that never had public
expectation regarding the appolntment of a
pew Minister been more cempilotely satisfied
than in Mr. Choate's selection. He had wona
reputation atthe New York bar which scarcely
fell to one lawyer in a generation,

Prof. Grant went on to say that Edinburgh
University honored Mr. Choate for the noble
epirit which animated him in his acte as an
Ambassador and for hiscommanding genius
which has been directed toward the mainten-
ance of cordial relations between the two
countries,

“Tf,” sald Prof. Grant, “the bonds uniting the
United States and Great Britain were never
closer than at present. we must assign to Mr.
Choate no small share of the credit,”

Mr. Choate received an ovation when he
stepped forward to receive the degree.

REBELLION STARTS IN CORBA,
Large Part of the Island Affeoted-The Cen-

cession to KRassia.
Special able Despatch to THE SUN.
Yorowama, April 14.— Despatches from Seoul,
Corea, report that @ secret agreement has
been concluded between Russia and Corea by
which the latter country agrees not to tranefer
the island of Kojedo, atthe mouth of Masam-
pho harbor, to any other power.
A rebellion extending overa large area has
broken out in the Interior of Corea.

Kojedo—or Cargodo—Island {a of high atrat-
egical value to hussta, commanding the Co-
revn Straits and lying midway between Viadi-
yostok and Port Arthur, The pledge of the
Corean Government not to allenate any portion
of this island is bound to provoke resentment
and opposition in Japan, where the course of
Russian diplomacy in Corea has been watched
with fngreasing distrust, Russia's demand is
aimed directly at Japan, being doplaned to
forestall a demand by that power for land to
offset the Czar's recent acquisitions at
ampho,

Abe

MANILA OBSERVES HOLY WEER.

Self-Tortare,
Special Cadle Despatch to Tue SuN.

Mantra, April 14,—There has been a re-
markable demonstration of religious fervor
during the past few day. On Holy Thursday
and Good Friday business waa entirely sus-
pended and everybody In the oity appeared to
be occupled with devotions. All the flags were
at half mast, no bells were rung, and not a oar-
riage was to be seen In the streets. All the
people who had oceaston to go out walked.

Men, women and children made pligrimagen
to the churches. Ten thousand persons
marched In a procession on Holy Thuraday

of the saints, On Good Friday 20,00) persons
attended! the pre-sanctified service which was |
solemnined by the Archbishop. There were
some remarkable scenes of humiliation and
ee! [-torture

Business wae resumad to-day.

TRISH NOT A POETICAL PEOPLE.

|
Alfred Anstin Says They Have Little Im- |
agination and Are Inaccurate. }
S peetai Cable Despatch to THR SUN.

Loxpon, April 14.-I[n his new book dealing

with Ireland Alfred Austin, the poet laureate
doubts whether the Irish, {n a higher senae, |
are a poetical people, because, first, they have |
|

| faney but little or no imagination, and, second,

they are inaccurate. Precise fact, he says. ts
of little importance tothem. He adds:

“The groundwork of the highest imagination
{s close attention to a clear apprehension of
fact, which imagination can then glority and
transfigure at will, In the third place, the

Irish are and but not serious, and sadness does |

Layee, ee ; ‘\

THE SUN, SUNDAY, APRIL 15,

NGAWAY MONEY

AAS A HAPPY EIGH-
ANNIVERSAR).

FUNINGIVI

DR. PEARSON
TIBTH BIRTHDAY

The Chicago Philanthropist Gives 655,000 to
Two Colleges Will Give Half a Million
This Year and Then Start In on a New
Plan-Some of the Boys He Hus Educated.

Cacao, April 14.—"I'a. going to celebrate
my eightieth birthday to-day by atarting richt
in to giveaway half amiliion dollars, That's
my plan for celebration, and1'm going to have
more fun out of it than a box of monkeys,”
said Dr. D. K. Pearson when asked how he
meant to observe to-day, the eightieth onniver-
sary of hie birth. Dr. Pearson Is the friend of
struggling collogen, having given over $2,000,-
000 to swell their endowments, and $525,000
more will be added to his list by Jan, 1, 1800,
Of this amount $55,000 wae pald to-day in two
checke—one of $50,000 to Colorado College,
and the other for $5,000 to Yankton College,
South Dakota.

“Tam beginning to-day toclean up my series
of donations to colleges preparatory to begin-
ning on anew ecalein 1901," said Dr, Pear-
eon. “Botween to-day and Jan, 1 next I will
@ive $525,000 to twelve colleges.”

Hie principal gifts will be:

Mount Holyoke College (Masa)
Oolorado College (Colorado Springs)
Berea College (Ky.)
Fairmount College (Kan.)
McKenzie College (Lil.)
Onarge College ill.)
Carleton College (Minn.)
FarGo College (N. D.) ‘ sas

The remainder will be distributed among
four otber colleges.

“I do not expect then to stop giving money to
colleges,” sald the doctor, “This list simply
finishes my gifta on the present ecale. With
1901 I will begin on a new scale. Then I'm

golng to start in » new plan for giving away
my money, Never mind what the plan is. I'll
not tell you a word about that, but it’s going to
be more fun than this plan and what's
better, {t's golug to do more good, [tell you I
get more satisfaction out of being my own
executor, putting my lever under poorcolleges
aod be!ping along those lade struggling for ao
education, than I could out of birthday parties
and such foolishness.”

And the old man laughed with glee and
winke? his right eye with great unction,

Dr. Pearsons received more than a hundred
letters to-day from professors and students of
colleges which he haa endowed. Within the
last ten years he has been the greatest bene-
factor of twenty-one young educational! institu.
tions scattered throughout the West from Ohio
to California ond Washington. He delights
especially in letters from boys who have prot-
ited by andare grateful for the money which
he has expended in ther behal!

“D’ve got the smartest lot of boya in the
world,” be said, waving his arms to-
war! the West as if he included every State
and Territory in that direction, “‘Flaxen-
haired boys from the aod houses of the moun-
talons and the plains poor boys who will uppre-
ciate an education because they know how
hard itistoget! They can’t go down East to
college, and I’m trying to build up collages
where they can go. My hove are the v-e-r-y
fineat. Say, young man, between you and me,
there’s one of those Rastern college fellows
coming to see ine next Monday. He thinks
he's g@olng to wet some money out of me, but
V'll fool him, ste. [wont give him @ cent, ha,
na, hi, yl.”

Aftersigning the checks and dictating the
accompanying lettera to he forwarded to
Coloraito College and Yankton College Dr
Pearson closed hia desk and started for his
home in Hinsdale, where he was visited hy
many near friends and neighbors during the
afternoon and evening. His birthday was spent
with the same simplicity that has character-
ized the entire life of the philanthropist

“No foolfahness for me,” he sali; “no fee
cream orcake. | am always glad to have my
friends call. but life {s too short and too serious
to be frittered away while there is work to be
done.”

ce eee eG150,000
$0,000
60 000
50,000
28,000
20,000
60,000
60,00

AR EXONERATES WRS. RUBENS.

Gen, Ludlow's Report on the Charges of a
Maid Who Was Sent to a Cuban Asylam.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.
Havana, April 14.—Mr. Horatio 8. Rubens
has recelved @ Jetter from Governor General
Wood containing an official report of an in-
vestigation by Gen, Ludiow of the Loulse Hoff-
man case. Miss Hoffman, who came to Ha-
vana with Mrs. Rubensas her maid, has, it ie
said, brought euitin New York against Mrs.
Rubens on the ground that she was cast into
an insane asylum here. Gen. Ludiow's report
saya that nothing haa been found reflecting on
the action of Mr. and Mrs. Rubens. Nothing,
says the letter, !n the conduet of Mr. and Mrs
Kubens can be made the basis of criticism or

responsibility. ;

Miss Hoffmun has returned to this city from
Havana and says she has inatructed her lawyer
to bring & sult for $100,000 damages against
Mra. Rubens. “She denies thatishe was insave
when sent to an asylum in Havana, Mrs.
hubens ia pow in. this city and denies any re-
sponsibility for Miss Hoffman's detention tn
the asylum, Mr, Rubens was iormeriy counsel
ofthe Cuban Junta in this city aod is pow on
the Law Commiseion in Havana

GERMAN BALLOON EXPERIMENTS.

Ascent Planned fer Jane to See How Long a
Balloon Can Be Kept in Midatr.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.
Bexury, April 14.--A balloon ascent has been
planned for June with the object of ascertain-
ing the time a balloon can be maintained tn
midair. Hitherto this has not been done for
much over thirty hours chiefly owing to the
effect of the change of temperature from day
to night on gas. The experimental balloon
will contain 315,000 cuble feet of gas. The car
will be 8 feet square and will accommolate
five persons, with sleeping accommodations for
three. Itis hoped that the journey wil! last
several days and provisions for ten days will
be taken.

Von Buelow Hasn't Met Boer Peace Delegates.
Special Cadle Despatch to THE SUN

Rome, April 14.—The stories sent from here
by the correspondents of certain London newa-
papers to the effect that Herr von Buelow, the
German Minister of Foreign Affaira, had gone
to Milan to meet the Boer peace envoys, are
utterly discredited.

M. Edmond Rostand Very Ml.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THE SUN.
Lonpor, Apri] 15.—A despatch from Paris
says that M. Edmond Rostand, the author and
dramatist, who has been {Il of congestion of
the lungs, has a high fever and is very weak.
Prince of Wales Has a Cold.
Specai Cadle Despatch {o THR Sun
Corrnmacen, Apri! 14.—The Prinoe of Wales

is suffering from acold and slight catarrh of |

the larynx.

Mr. Engene O'Sullivan's Engagement.

The engagement of Mr. Eugene O'Sullivan
of 274 Madison avenue, New York, and Mise
Fitz-Stephens Palmer of Carlaton-Coomba,
South Godstone, Surrey, Enxliand, ia an-
nounced, They will be married here shortly,

Naval Cadets Oat of Quarantine.

ANNaPoLis, Md, Apri! 14.—The Naval Aecad-
emy cadets. who have been quarantined for
tive weeks on account of measies, obtatned
thelr liberty to-day.

“Soternrernanr ee een

Pick a well-fed man, ask
hin if he uses

Grape-Nuts

Food.
Sturdy, Rosy Health

comes from

Good Food,

not from medicines.

Grape-Nuts food is sold by all -
grocers, is ready cooked, pure, de-
licious and the highest known form
of human nourishment. Made at
the pure food factories ot the Postum
Cereal Co., Ltd., at Battle Creek, -

rr tn tHE

3
3
3

ear

Ml

’ : q as ie
TB eA HE,

 

oa

CONGRESS) DISTRICT CONVENTIONS.

Payne, Wadsworth, [Ketobam, Gillet and Ray
HRenominated by the Republicans.

Guyeva, N. Y., April 14,-The Republican
convention for the Twenty-eighth Congress
district to nominate a candidate in Congress
and elect delegates to the Republican National
Convention, met in this elty to-day. The dis-
trict is made up of Cayuga, Cortland, Yates,
Onturio and Wayne counties. On motion of
the Hon, George R. Cornwell of Yates cvunty,
the secretary was Instructed to cast one bnilot
for Sereno F. Payne of Cayuga county, to suc-
cond himself as Representative. The Hon.
Charles T. Saxton of Wayne county and the
Hon. Sereno E. Payne of Cayuga county were
elected delegates to the National Convention
to be held in Philadelphia in June next. This
resolution was unan!mously adopted:

Resoived, That we, representing the Republicans
of the Twenty-eighth Congress district of the State of
New York, in convention assembled, desire to express
our most hearty approval of the wise, honest and
patriotic administration of our President, William
McKinley. He bas beld the office of Chief Magistrate
of our nation at a ime when many and most difficult
problems have thrust themselves upon him for solu-
Von, and bas at all times shown bimself to be thelr
master, and under his leadership the United States of
America has become greater, more prosperous
and more tnfluential In the affairs of nations,
We are proud of the fact that th!s Congress district le
represented in Washington by one: who, by courage,
hard work and distingutshed ability, has won bis way
to the front rank of our nation’s legislators, and who
is In name and tn deed the leader of the House of
Representatives. ‘This Congress distriet and the
State of New York Justly appreciates the honor of
being represented in Congress by Sereno FE, Payne.
We sincerely commend the honest and fearless ad-
ministration of our Governor, Theodore Roosevelt,

and hope that our State and Nation may continue to
have the benefit of his services.

Speechen wera delivered by the Hon. Charlies
T. Basten of Wayne county, Assemblyman
Jean L. Burnett of Ontario county and Con-
greesinan Payne,

Batavia, N. Y., April 14.—Republicans of the
Thirtieth Congress district, in convention here
to-day, renominated James W. Wadsworth of
Livingston for his eighth consecutive terua in
Congress. There was no opposition, In ae.
cepting the nomination Mr. Wadsworth took
oevesion to say that he had changed his views
on the question of expansion and was now ta
line with his party and in full aecord with the
Administration policy, No reference what-

ver was made to State politica or to Gov,

oosevelt, Arthur C. Hastings, ex-Mayor of
Niagara Falla, and 8. Benedict Whitlock of
Warsuw were unanimously elected dele.
gatestothe Philadelphia convention, There
was a large attendance of politicans from all
parts of the district,

inanamtTon,N Y., Aprill4 —The Twenty-
aixth Congress district convention met in the
Hote! Bennett to-day. The countiesof Broome,
Chenango, Tioga, Delaware and ‘Jompkins
were represented, The Hon. George W. Ray
was renominated by acc'amation, In aspeech
of avceptance he outlived the policy of the Ad-
mitistration, and said that he had assurances
that Roosevelt would accept the Viee- Presiden.
tial nomination if tt was the will of the prone
ot New Yors Stata, Kesolutions were adopte
revnMirming the Republican platform of 15s,
Indoreing the Administration and pledging the
district tonominate and elect MeKintey
G. Vhelpsof this city was chosen Presidential
electorand Col, George W. Dunn, State Com-
mitteeman. The delegates to the National
Convention are George 0. Meade of Delaware
and J. W. Dwight of Tompkins; alternates,
Charles J. Knapp of Broome and Senator W. FB.
Johnson of Moga.

Povodkeepsir, April l4.—Atthe Republican
Congress Convention for the Pighteenth vise
triet, Which was hol! in this) city tu-day,
Gen, John Henry Ketcham was renominated,
He has been elected to Congress from this
district fourteen times and defeated once,
Gen. Ketcham was detoined in Washington and
Was unable to attend the convention, The
convention Was entirely barmonious and (ren,
Ketcham s nomination wus made by aeclama-
tion. No resolutions were introduced. The
folowing were elected delegates tothe National
Convention at Philadelphia: Kobert H. Hunter
of Duchess vounty and Samuel_D Covkendal of
Ulster county. Alternates: EF. W. Acitis of
Putnam county and George W, Washburn of
Ulster county.

Warkins, N.Y, April 14.- The Republican
Conswress Convention held here to-day renomt-
nated Congressman Gillet. The) Sehuvl
county delegates, Known to be very friendly
Gov, Roosevelt, wanted a resolution adopted
endorsing the. Ciovernor for renomination,
This, however, did not please the machine peo-
ple,and when ono of the Sebuyler delegates
offered the resolution Harry Glenn of Seneca
Palla moved to lay it on the table, This was
strenuously opposed by the Schuyler delegates,
but was carried by the votes of Seneca, Steuten
and Chemung,

Ware Piatns, April l4.—The Burns faction
of the Kepublican party of Wostchester conn ty
controlled the Sixteenth Congress District Con
vention, Which was o;ganized at tbe Orawaue
pum Hote! tn this village to-day and adjourned
to Thuraday, April JO. The convention elected
Supervisor John Mo Shinn of Pelbam as ehair-
man. Both factions were in communteation
with Chairman Benjamin B. Odeli of the State
Comipittee before the convention met trying
to formulate a pian to settle the long-continued
atrifa inthe Republican party of this county
between the followers of ex-Congressinan Wil-
Ham L. Ward and ex-State Senator J. Irving
Burns, A plan has been suggested and it sex.
pected that it will be adypted when the conven-
tion meets next Thursday. The Ward mon vre
now eonvinced thatthe Burns delegates from
this county will be admitted to the State Con-
vention and it is sald that they have about
abandoned the fight upon the undersatandin
that Burns qili see that they are represente:
in both the State and the National Republican
conventions.

Cornntna, N. Y., April 14.—The Twenty-ninth
diatrict Republican Congress Convention was
held at Watkins toeday. United States
Marshal Wiliam kK. Compton of Elmira pre-
sided. Congressman Charles W. Gillett of
Steuben was renominated for member of
Congress by a vote of 20 to 5, the delegates
from Behuyler county, controlled by Fremont
Cole, former Speaker of the Assembly, voting
for James Gray of Schuyler. John FL Parks
hurst of Steuben ani J. KE . Mongin of
Honeca wore elected delegates to the National
Convention; Charles A. Sioan of Schuyler and
Seymour Dexter off Chemung alternates. A
rosolution offered by the Cole men that Gov
Roosevelt should be renominuted and request-
ing the county leadersto iend their efforts to
this end was laid ou the table by a yote of 20
to 5, Chemung, Seneca and Steuben voting
Against itashaving no place in a Congress
eonvention and not being offered in sincerity
bythe Colo men. A resolution heartily ap-
proving of the administration of Gov. Koose-
velt was then adopted unanimously

POLITICS IN A DEBATING CLUR.,

Objection to a Bryan Convention at the
Boston University Law School,

Boston, April 14.—There is trouble in the
ranks of the William F. Russell Debating Club,
an organization formed at the Boston Untver-
sity School of Law several years ago on a sup-
posed non-partisan basis. The row isovera
resolution passed at the last meeting ofthe

, club that the delegates shall vote for William

 

|

|

| not hurt. us much,

Jennings Bryan a8 Presidential nominee at
the mock convention to be held at Fanenil Ha!
onthe evening of May 5 The Republican
Members of the club objeet strongly to Bryan
even as & mock nominee and they maintain
that tue organization, asa whole, had no right
to pledge the delegates to the convention to
vote as a unit and that the Democratic major-
ity ought pot ride over the wishes of the
Republican minority and make the Ruasell
elub koown as a Democratic organization,
especiaily in view of the fact that the real
Presluential campaign is drawing near

The Kepublicaus held a ineeting yesterday |

and adopted a resolution to the effect thatthe

} cub should reconsider ita action making it

a@ political organization, which ts false to the

| prime object for which the club was formed,

namely, a8 4 non-partisan debating soctety,
Unicss thisis dons, the Republican members
threaten to withdraw, aid their power {4 be-
Heved to be strong enough. especially as ail
threeofthe men who are to debate against
Brown University are Republieans, and their
loss Would ba & serious one to the organiza-
tion !n viewof the approaching forensic en-
gagement with the speakers (rom Brown,

** JACK-O-LANTERN VOTERS,.”"

Jadgo Tarsnoy Says the Democrats Might ns
, Well Vote for 16 to has Any Other Ism.

Prany, Oklahoma, April l4.—In a recent tn-
terview while visiting In Oklahoma, Judge
John ©. Tarsney, now of Kansas City, and who
was appointed onsof the Judges of Oklahoma
by President Cleveland, made some u‘terances
that have caused much talk in the Territory
lu conversation with two newspaper moa
Judue Tareney said:

We will have to yote for Bryan, but it will
We Democrate have tenn
voting for isms, vistone and jack-o'’-.anterns
go long that we are used to it, and itdoos not
hurt usany. True, Bryan represents the silver
queation, but everybody knows ‘hat it isa set-

) tled question and no one wilt wel scared overit.

Ifl had the writing of the platform, opposéd as
I am to the silver craze, I be ieve that [would
putthat i to 1 business in just to eateh the
wiid-eyed fellows who cannot understand any
thing else, and know Dut little about that, te
wouldn't hart anything. The business meno
who woula want!o support Bryan nevauee he

) repreaenta some good things would know that

|

the Ito Lidea would not mean cnything, aud
they would support him because he repre-
sents sone things that (hey favor.”

Judge Tarsney was Congressman from the

Trnayan Cisy Gateict Cor several years, _

f :

trans

corto fab atule seni e dpe ska

1900.

eR

ee

Peruna, The Spring Catarrh Remedy.

Catarrhal Debility Cured,

Mattie B. Curtis, Secretary Legion of Loyal
Women, writes from Hotel Salem, Boston, Mass.,
2s followse «J suffered for over a year with gen-
eral weakaess and debility, manifested especially

in severe backache and head-
My physician pre-
scribed different medicines,
none of which seemed to help
me any until‘a club associate |
advised me to try Peruna, as
it cured her of constitutional
headache and stomach
troubles. I at once ordered a
bottle and before it was used
felt greatly improved.
taken four botties and for two months have been
entirely free from these maladies.
friends are using Peruna with beneficial results,
especially in cases of trouble with the kidneys
and other pelvic organs, together with weakness

ache.

Mattie B. Curtis,

peculiar to women.”

THEIR DEAD MOTHER'S TREASURE

Father Claimed It and Had One Son Arrested

for fuking It.

Frank Lauri, 10 years old, of 19 Brunswick
street, and his uncle, Phiiip Lauri of 256 Rail-
road avenue, Wore arraigned before Police Jus-
tice Potts in the First Criminal Court of Jersey
City yesterday morning charged with grand
larceny. The complainant was Tony Lauri,
father of Frank and brother of Philip, and he
alleged that his gon and his brother had stolen

} $500 from his house. Frank said that his
mother, who (led three weeka ago, called him
and his brothers Michael, 11 yeara old, and
dames, § years old, to her bedside afew days
vefore ber death and told them that she bad
paved $500 which she wanted them to share,
She tod Frank where ehe had concealed the
money and he got it ant gave to his cousin
Marguerite, hia unele Philip's daughter, for
wafe keeping, Frank sald that bia father had
declared his intention of going back to Italy

}and epending the money. The eomplainant

sald thatthe money belonged to him and that
he had given it to his wife to save for him,

Marguerite had the tooney in court and turned

jt over to Justice Potis, who said he would
depowtit ing bank until the Orphan's Court
should deel 4A whe was entitled to it. The pris-
oners were discharged,
Se eee

Don't Buy
Ready-Made Clothes

when we can make
them to order for you
at the same price. The
largest line of woolens
in America to. select
from.

W.C. LOFTUS & C0.

SUN BUILDING, near Brooklyn Bridge.
BROADWAY. nea

Street.

an")
vee olay amet

'

TO ee TaN Ia PEs Latin eh RM WIE BH een
: Y “ ‘

pete

Corps, Fremont,
had occasion to

our Relief Corps,

organs,

Ihave

Several of my

since.’’ Address

IT PLAYS ANY PIANO.

p

Ly)
m1 ak

edie

Catarrhal Weakness Cored.
Mrs. Jane Baxter, President Grand Army Relief

Wash., writes: «Last spring I
observe the

beneficent results of Peruna
when a prominent member of

who had suf-

fered torture with kidney and
other troubles of the pelvic
was completely re-
stored through the persistent
use of it, while no physician
seemed able to cure her.

«| tried it for a severe and continued backache
and found Peruna the only remedy so far tried
that could ever cure me.
now, &nd although four months have passed since
my recovery, I have not had a inoment’s paia

Mrs. Jaue Baxter.

I am well and strong

The Peruna Medicine Co., Co-

Jumbus, O., for “Facts and Faces," containing the
words of the people concerning Peruna.
free to any address.

Sent
” Leite

A CHILD CAN PLAY IT.

THE ANGELUS is the original cabinet piano player, and with {t you can pro-
duce effects not possible with any other piano player made. With the Angelus

you can at will produce the following live
A piano playing

1.
2.
3.
4

An Orchestral

ffects:
alone.

rgan playing alone,

A plano with violin effect,
A piano with flute effect.

§. Plano and full Orchestral Organ com-
bined all at the same time.

Instantly applied to any plano, grand
instrament. No musical talent
that has never befor ena plano ca
Piano Player render the n
most accomplished planis
who never expected to expertence

The

on the part of the performer required Art

nost difficult compositions tn a manner poss
Angelus’ ts makiig pleyers of thousands of people
the pleasure of

square or upright, making {t «@ self-playing
tid
n with the ald of the Ange'us Orchestral
le to only the

productng music themselves, and

piance that have been idle for yoars are now being used.

“ANGELUS,” $225.

Call and nee for yourself that the

“ANGELUS"” ORCHESTRAL, $260.

Angelus,’

the original Piano Player, ts the

beat Instrument made.

Main Cifice and Pactory:
Meriden, Coan.

WILCOX & WHITE CO.,

New York Salesrooms:
146 FIFTH AVENUE,

Children’s
Shoes.

The correct clothing of children’s feet receives careful attention
at the “Children’s Store.” Our shoes are especially manufactured
for us of the bost materials and are always perfectly adapted for

their various uses. Carrying such

a wide assortment of sizes, we

are absolutely sure of fitting every child correctly.

Our stock of Tan Shoes—the most popular for this scason of

the year—is now complete.

Made of imported goat skin, with broad solid leather extension soles, hand sewed
button or lace, sizes 7 to Ly, $2.00; IL to 2, 62.6); 24 to 44, 93.25
More drosey shoes of Ruseia calf; aizce 7 to 1044, $2.26; 11 to 2, $3.09, 244 to 64, 83.7%

Babies’ tan goat skin, hand turned soles; button or lace, 2 to 7, 9114

very fine Russia calf, $1.26.

Same shoe ia

Bhoes designed for first walking, made of goat skim, on laste that will keep the fe@
right; button or lace, sizes 6 te 8, $1.35.

Parents tell us that our shoes to prevent tosing-in, and for
bow-legs, woak ankles and flat-foot are doing good work. We learn

that there are imitations. Why

kind?
= 60-62 West

A Congress Committee Visits Jersey City. %} j

The ilcuse Committee on
and Grounds spent yesterday
apecting the present Post Offlee and propose t
sites for a new building, They were eanter-
talved by the Board of Trade, the Merciante’
Trotective Association and the Buatness Mens
Assoclation, ali of which are booming the n-w |
Post Office project. The members of the com-
mifiee who cameon the visit of inspection were
Congressman David H. slereer of Omaha, |
chairman; W. A. Rodenbarg of Iiinots, Kien-
ard Dartholdt of st. Louis, Jasse W. Gayle of
Kentucky aud Benjamin Fo Howell of New Jet
eey, Congressman Willtam D. Daly of [loboken, |
although not amemberot the committee, come
with it because he i« intereated in th st
OMee, Thy cominittes arrived on briday evens
ing and spent the nightatthe Hote! Washing. |
ton. City Colleetor Robert Davis, the Derno-
eratic leader, took them to the rooms of the
Robert Davis Association tor juneheon. Loist
night they came over to this city and attended
the perlormancelof “Ben-Hur at the Broadway |
a They willretura to Washington to-

Public Buildings
in Jersey City in-

naw ¥

iaysteh »

ee oe

not be sure of having the right

23d Street.
DInD.

(hs heading we TA Page

RICHARDS, On April 15, 1000, at 947 Pighta
avenue, Harry 1. Riccards, [In his 36th year
Funeral services from Little Chureh Around the
Corner, Twenty ninth street near Fifth avenue,
Monday, April 16, 19°0,1 P. M. Friends eor
Aially tnvited

eeacaaeneiai einen
Too Late for Elussification,

ty'lsh eoB,
i sights hae
naviddriven by @
h al fn trad
yearsold tall touches tne
d. handsomest } ose on the Speedway, can trot
sheing.2 ww bots, 4 be driven by

price. $17 8 arter value, Waldorf

trap. Breweter Brougbam iru tred), brewster Vie
toria, family trey seated), Stivera runabout wagon
latest style soveding wagon, depot carriage. imported
riding saddles. harness, robes, &c. Call owneré
private stable, 69 Madison av,, bet. 27th aod 261m ote

otter notices unler

For

AT BDARGAINS Ladsome,

4 gentie an ilat ie . {

eatreme s!
wee!

rlddet

price, §

1
bber

Shei PA ae

fi use 3 9