Se ee ae ee eee ee ee

=

WHEY AGUINALDO FLED.

wito WAS
CHIFF,

4N AMERICAN SOLDIER
WITH THE FILIPINO

Cerporal Saulebury’s Account of His Travels
While a Prisoner Aguinatdo'’s Views A
Cannibal Feast Among Igorrote Savages,

MANILA, Feb. 26. Corporal John D. Sauls
bury of the Signal Service was o prisoner among
the insurgents fortwo months, and for several days
fhe travelled with Aguinald> when the latter was
being hot!y pursued by the » ldiers of the Thirty-
third and Thirty fourth Infantry in the moun
tains of the north of Luzon, ‘Sow be bas returned
to Manila with an Interesting story to tell

“My first Impressions of the insurgents were not

Very bad,” said Saulsbury. “E remember receive

tng only the kindest: treatment from the Filipinos

who captured us. The doctor who dressed the
wound in my head spoke excellent English and
eald he had received bis education in Paris and

London, On the way Farlac the

encountered were so kind to me that I actually

began to think it was a mistake for the Americans
to be fighting them. They

to people we

the soldiery and the people, It did not eceur to
me, however that I wasinthe heartof the Tagalog
country and all the prosperity the rebel govern
Ment had at its diaposal centred there
learned, when | was taken north from Tarlac into
the land of the Pangasinans and Ilocanos, that
the insurrection was no happy dream with these
People, but @ source of great injury.”

Saulsbury tells astory filustrative of the ere
@ulity of the natives. As be was being taken to
Tarl.ca Filipinooficercams up to him with the
@nnouncement that G a Otis had been captured

“Surely, some mistake,” said Saulsbury.

“No,” said the officer, “he has just been taken to
Tarlac under 4 heavy guard, Captured near
Angeles.”

At the Pamban railroad station Saulsbury
fekingly made an inquiry about Otis. Several
Natives crowding about seemed highly elated
and sald “Yes, ho left for Tariac on the train not
twenty minutes ago.” Saulsbury began to won
der, He was bundled ona train going to Tarlac
and when be alighted at the station once again
came the announcement, Otis has been
ea tured,”

1 soon

“Gen

‘L actually began to believe it," said Saulshury, |

“and wondered how such a misfortune could have
befallen the Americans. We were taken to the
vill g As we approached headquarters we en
countered & couple of other American prisoners,
Just to show them that I was in possession of the
important news of the General's capture and to
Gain final corroboration I called out to them

all seemed busy |

@nd contented and there was no friction between |
' woldiers, members of the advance guara

“Where is Otis” They answered: ‘Right up there |

in that building we have just come from.’
this place we found seven other Americans, some
of them soldiers and some captured sailors from
the gunboat Urianteta, I immediately asked
about Otis, A laugh went up. ‘There he is
right before you,’ some one said, and they pointed
to @ small grav-headed man sitting wearily in a
corner, And then the laugh changed to 4 roar
Tt had all been a practical joke sugiested by the
Filipinos themselves, who at first took this man,
whose name was Hays, fora General. 1 is WAS
running « restaurant in Malolos and was cap

In |

tured near that place while busing chickens from |

the country people, He was perhaps 45 years
old, had sparse whiskers and carried bimvelf
with just enough dignity to cause the Filipinos
to balieve he must be some great personage. The
prisoners with whom he was taken up the railroad
6aw good fun in the joke and took every occasion
to introduce Hays to the curious, open-mouthed na
tives along thelineas Gen, Otis. The news of
Otis's capture after that spread like wildfire.”

Saulsbury was present at the Battle of Tila
Passon Doc. 2 With his guard he overtook
Gen. Gregorio P lar and a batialion of the Bulacan
soldiers on top of a very high mountain overlook
ing Condon. From their position the Pilipinos
could see the long snakelike column of the soldiers
of the Thirty-third and Thirty-fourth Infantry
leaving Condon. Tila Pass in the bands of
brave men would have been almost impregnable
It rises almost 5,000 feet above the sea and the
trail is rocky and in places can be clinbed only
by natural steps in the cliffs. Pilar had placed
hs men so as to commandacurvein the trail,
over which the Americans wotld have to pass in
single file.
Steep mountain walls up which it seemed as if no
man could climb. To keep him from escaping or
aiding in the fight Saulsbury was placed in a
hammock swung on a pole and his feet were tied
torether When the Americans opened

reached there guerrilla warfare should begin
The troops were w break up into small bands,
play the ‘amigo act as often as possible by en-
tering towns garrisoned by Americans dreseed
in e'tizena clothes and attack them just
enough to show thein the Pilipinos had not given
up, but were still fighting
\fier leaving Cervantes we were in the heart
of the lrorrote country, and for the Filipinos. here
was almost as much to be feared from them as
from the Americans
Villages where (he people were half savages and
would have attacked us if we had not been strongly
armed. Many of the Igorrotes fight among
the elves, Aguinaldo hired fresh cargadores
every few towns to carry bis baggage and some
15,000 pesos tn silver he was taking with him
A aud of these [gorroie carriers on being dis
charged at one town started back to their native
villace, met enemies on the way and were cu
tw pleces, Only six of them succeeded in get
ting back allve Aguinallo had to use great
caution in entering several of the towns and in
some of them he found it unsafe te siop at all
The Igorrote village of Benaue proved to be the
terminus of my journey with the rebel Wrest
dent and a short tine afterward | lefi him alto
wether Benaue was also the cence of a number
of decidedly untaviting expenences, for here we
saw srenuine Igorrote canibals
“We were leaving Benaue
don) as usual, sent ahead the advance jcuard and
was preparing to leave two hours behtod, te when
we heard 6 hubbub a mile and 4 half away where
the next Igorrote village was locnied. Wwe were
just advancing from the town with forty men,
when there came running back several Filip ino
hey
anit hats and onl

and Aguinaldo had

had lost their knapsacks
retained their guns Some were covered with
wounds intlicted by spears. All were thoroughly
frichtened. The Igorrotes of the village below
enaue had seen Reno oppose the passage of

the Tagalogs and with thelr spears, bows and |

arrows liad made their bluff stick Aguinaldo
decided to postpone his journey until the way
could be cleared. He gave orders for additional
men to go forward and alse prevailed on a large
number of Igorrotes to go down and take part
in tha confict. This they were willing to de
because the two villages were enemies to eac
other, Well, there was a bloody battle fought
and a seore or so of Teorrotes had their heads
aplitonen and many others were wounded. The
men of Aguinaldo's detachment came back bring
{ng two prisoners, a young inan and au old one,
both natives of the next village, ‘These prisoners
were turned over to the inhabitants of Denaue
Amid much clatter they were led off. I asked
permission to follow and see what was to be done
with them, and it was granted
“A great concourse gorrotes with the prisoners
in charge went off toward the edge of the village,
where the old man was bound and leftlying on the
round and the young man was ted t) 4 tree
The crowd ther thinuedout and almostevery body
save a few men ‘eft te wate the unfortunate
tims, disappeared. Presently the people re
turned rigived out in fantastic clothing | their
taces painted a}
and spears in their hands. They began by eve
cuting a wild dance accompanied by yelling and
crooning Then with aswoontheyv went toward the
where the younger of the tWo prisohers was
He was wailing and erying formercy. ‘ihe

tres
ier!
spear of the first man was sunk

nan's body and then another and another, ‘The

victim hung lifeless on the ropes that bound him |

to the tree, but the savages continued to sink
their spears int» his body
weary of this phase of the sport. The body was
cut loose and a hue kettle brought. Piece by
piece they cut the corpse up and placed it in the
pot for the cooking, Over a huge fire it boiled
while the saveges noisily passed about it. When
the f human flesh was done, myself and the
Tagalogs wi vere with me watching the pr
ceeding were gravely invited to partake with them
The sight of individuals eating the flesh of a human
being grew too sickening for me and I asked to
return to the village. ‘The following day a similar
feast was held with the elder of the two victimes
\guinalde told me he had taken these prisoners
and turned them over to the Lorrotes for the pur
pose of making them friendly to Lim and also
for the purpoce of terrorizing the Igorrotes ol the
next village id not molest his soldiers,
It was the practice, he said, for Igorrotes to feast
m the body of a slain man, only the immediate
family partaking if the m
the tribe When the bodies of the men from inimi
cal tribes were taken the ‘hole village joined tn
the feastover his renains. [t has been the custom

me?

to place the heads of all victims on the end of |

long poles which are planted in a prominent place
in the villare We saw many collections of whitened
skulls in the towns of these cannibals head hunt-
ers, as they aro called) Inthe case of the prisoner
I saw murdered and out ut he 'worrote, removed
the ! ead, which they placed on the end of a pole
and then cut off the hands and tled them a short
distance down the pole This pole was carried
about and for an hour and a half the people pa
raded behind it. shouting and singing

“On several cccasions the officers with Aguinaldo
wished to have me killed to save the trouble of
caring for us, but Aguinaldo firmly declared that

Was not to be harmed. Fle said that as long
as he had his way none of the
to be maltreated. that he had always intended

treat them wilh He seemed grealy troubled
concerning his wife, who was now quite ill and had
to be carned all the time. The other wormen of the
party were also in delicate cond!tion and one of
the officers of the party was suffering from rheu
matism. Ther: beran to be some tatk of sending
the women hack to the American lnes \guinaldo
asked me if they would be well treat d. I told him
that they would. It was finally decided that I
was to be released on promise to accompany them

and see that they reached Manila without moles

All around were deep chasms and |

tation. Those memvers of the rebel force who
wished to quit flahting and give themselves uj
were alyo to be allowed to ¢ Accordine@ly ou
Dev, 22 the whe'e band started back toward Bonto:
with the intention of leavine us there as we had

| heard that the Americans were at Cervantes. |

fire |

from down below the bullets struck all around the |
litter and almost shattered the pole on which

the hammock was being carried by two Filipinos
One Filipino carrier was killed. While Saulsbury
was being carried on over the pass he could look
back and see the battle.

The Filipinos had provided nicely for every
thing buta flanking party, which they considera!
could not possibly operate on their position. The
Americans started in round the bend and had two
men killed and severa! wounded before they saw
the impossibility of going up that tral “Ther
withdrew to cover and
score of men to the top of the hill far to the recht
end almost back of the Filipmos' posivon. Then
another party climbed a steep mountain directly
in front. The insurcents were taken completely
by surprise by the fire from the rear ‘

“The scene was atrikine,” said Saulsbury
“The men in the Intrenchin:nts became panic
ftricken on receiving the fire from the flan and
they fled pell-mell Many of them never managed
to geton ‘he narrow tratl at all, butin ther terror
and anxiety to get out of range of the Amerean
bullets plunged over precipices to destruction
T saw Pilar wounded twice, but firhting bravely
Hie was finally laid low by another bullet and his
men did not wa't to recover his body. The rem
nant of the battalion of 39° fled over the pass an!
down to Anguiqui where there was a rally ami a
counting of forces. One hundred and fifty of the
force that attempted to bold the pass never report!
and it is supposed they were ether killed or fell
over the precipice *

Pilar's battalion from that time dey
felves toesca ing instead of thtag  Sants
with them, they travelled night and day nearly
fifty niles until they reached Cervantes ~ At this

lace Sau'eburv's travels with Acunaldo beran
“he pebel President had got so far in his fhehe
and with him were his wife, the two sisters of Col
Leyla and other women, sev ral officers and a
hand of soldiers as an escor. Syeaking of bis
ex eriences Saulshury said

“Aguinalio as | saw him then looked little
different from the ordinary Tagalog, and, indeed
not so brieht and inteiligent as many of them
He appeared quite friendly to me, and several
times gave me money so that I could purchase
food in the villages we assed through On
Miore than one occasion | he an oprortunity o
chat with him any e he told me what his plans
had been and what he hoped for in the futur
His first intention when it became evident that t)
Fibpuios aud the Americans were to clash, wo
to concentrate his army about Manila and with
the aid of the insurgents in the city, who were
revolt, esther drive i) the Ameticans out mpel
them to surrender to him He selected Malo!
esacastal with not the least athatthe \mer
cans would ever have even a chance to attack it
otherwise he woulda have chosen a better fortified

lace, ‘The en t ture Mania proved a

acdure, and the \ i dervran to move with
considerable sucees Pilipino cay
Tarlac was selected as the new capitalwith the
Bamban Hills as its defence. Theo the repu!
began io hope for intercession by a foreugn power
The leaders argued that the Ameneans had pro
ised) to release all Scanish @risoners within
months, and that when this period | assed a tt
Prisoners were pot released the Treaty of Pa
Was null and void. These plans all fail
then ..tuinaldo looked to the Chureh for
The Church could do nothing; se he therets
ousted all the Sj anish friars ‘rom their possess
and made prooners of then dust) before
Americans began to advance from \ng
was a bie Masonic « nin ‘Tarlac
of the insungent offieials were
Masonic fraternity, and Aguing
through that brotherhood

fer the Pilipine
American army | n
thought the é@leetion mm tl ( ¢ would
fa.e place. Bryan would be elected and the Amer
cana would be withdrawr The even had a
Bryan celebration a! Tarlac on which veras
apeeches were mace, urging everybody to remain
sleadfast, and laring that Brean would soon
be elected) Bryan's name was c.iassed with that
of Aguinaldo and Lizal the Liberators :
people

“When it becaine evide that the
were going to push on to Tarlac
that a new capital tiust be had, so he
Bayomboog, wich lies In the Cagayan
end is cut of by high vr euntains.
was ruade Ww reach the piace with the gover:
meiit records, but these were captured and als.
many of the high officials of the government
end the way to iayomboug was cut off by the
cavalry.
Cervantes the new capital, Cervantes was a
cessible only by war of Tila Pass and «4 pays
near Vigan | have already told of how Tila
pass was assauiied and taken by the Ameri
Cans. it was very evident that Cervantes, now
that it was reached, was no better off than one
of the towns on ihe plains below Aguinaldo
told me that it was decided that thes should push
on w Bontoc, blow up 4 pass near there to Ke D
the A uericans from followiag, and then travel
te Bayombong. It was decided that when they

tot ¢

TCA

agacnstt

the
Mans

‘lebratic

embers

pope « at!
1 Dever
ates

Amencans
Aguinaluo saw
ected

Val

| proached lhe or

then Ma‘or March sent a |

AD allenipet |

Thea Aguinaldo determined to make |

| 7

was to geta paver from Aguinaldo stating that I
was free and was denutized by him to a¢company
his wife and the two sisters of Col. Leybato Manila
We reached Tolubim at met and cainped there
Bontoe was five miles distant. Tweaty-one men
‘here to act As our outmost during the
ive the alarm if the Americans
I ‘St morning at S a man cane
running in te eat that the Americans had come
again ty Bontoc id he was the only eurviving
mem or of the party of twenty-one men sent there
the night before. Aruinaldo had his horse sad
died. gave me the letter he had promised, took
leave of his wife and lew back over the trail with

1 In the grentest haste
“We were just preparing to leave for Bontoc
to join the Americans, when @ messenger arri:ed
> Aguinalde with the order that we should
follow him to Ba alitile town five miles back
L had almost der d to make my escape, but I
feared the Iperrotes,es] had already had one ex
jenca with then. This was when I attempted
we near Benane Yhe Igorroteos patheored
nein, stripped me and tied me to a tree, I was
to have been tortured, billed and eaten just as
the unfortunate prisoners had heer When just
it to begir ies they noticed a place
mmy arn re L had started to tattoo my neme
had just co ted a bie capital 'S.’ It bap-
yverad tuat thie resembled very much their tribal
eiitr My whiskers, too, arrested their attention,
for one of thetr chiefs former dars had raived
just crop, While they wore parleying
over what isposition was to be, a squad of
rs, sent out to search for me,

1
'
4

his me

) @s

such 4

ed
wk tar r Senora
in > ADC th her women on litters, There
ind that Agninaldo had sent for aa simply
because his fears had again been aronsed eon.
ife Thi crearciogust over bis actlons
hin and told Lim Twas going. I ssid
inn Deiter from him

int

had received mv freedorn
and Tintended to take l TI made this bluff, know-
ng well from my experience with the rebel leader
hat he seldom went back on # promise
he said to me
Tam ocolnge anyway,’ and
mv t neings and started
+ was on Christmas morning T went
a short distance, when | was hailed and told ta
revurn Aruinald id changed his mind aynin
and deciden that bie wife should go with me
alw the rest of the rtv that intended to
themselves up Acuinaldo asked to wait
lle he sent a me sneer to the American con
sander re whether he wonld take good e
of his wi 1 sent heriy to him. Sever
IPS passe this messenger broveht ba
reple from ior Mare} f the Thirty third
ry e 8 Acuinal would
ell cared wa mewhat surnricerdt
Ameri hn of ACcCOMPans
jesse! for it woul " ‘noan
fire his ei Xtv
Wor learned Major
had TY ’ » | t

said I]

“dL jorether

me

on ce

4

wer PASY
to ca

with

Neri
wae ’
ul giver
erwas ¢t he «le ol over
wo March
wd arrived anfete
trate \Zuina
is wi rave me ton
we f r March's detac
weary el worn
‘Ttook no time to enter into a
carp me delt

wey

With
preferred

leave «f
parted
mentin Bontoe

}
swe

ectended re
imr
w
A party in
ly, but
f we ’
lead the war
he fight vd
sand Trorrote
tes we ‘riled toc]
Aoreativine that we had |
r rn Renaue \le
would be fruitless for t
farther as his men wer
ebion and with
the pursuit ended

ern

practical

Monevw in Vegetable Cattails,
nnati 7

7 \

ip around banl f

es in this part of the State

profusion

sedge, lias

id sells
ils have

lavvely snperasted wool, cotton and hair for mat
tr . and up en Ail tf !

wjuirer

new and profitable

beeom
att ake f

. tte
I cA

mifaoue sul

they cost far less than
nat Since the firstof March
ovet ten tons of t mmodity have heen gathered

wid for at Syract on Turk ! ake alone
femand far exceeds the supp ond is in-

Matters of Interest Concerning Horses

are more fully and ably treated (in Tag Sun's
news columns than in ar ther medium. Ad.
vertising this becomes more valuable in Tas
SUN fur obvious reusous. Lemem ber this.—Ade,

often |

We passed through many |

| old age

eous yellow and their slields |

into the young |

At last they grew |

} and best, of all there

had been killed withio |

Americans were |

| in September

SUNDAY, APRIL

Ses Se =

CHICKEN RAISING RUINS
OF CRDAK VALLEY.

PATEN)
UB PLACE

| Varied, Hastening His in the Incubators

Train of the Agent's Contraption--The
Rosy Figures of the Salesman and the
Actual Pacte—Effort to Get Rich Too
Quick Brings Misery to Mount Sterling.
Motnv? Svenuine, Wis, April 13. The trouble
in Cedar Valley, the convulsion which altered
its social strata which set father
aainst son, mother against brother
against brother, sister awainat sister, which caused
aunts to turn down their nephews and cousins
to pass each other by on the road to chureh with

the divistons
daughter

only @ stony glare as evidence of recognition, ,
began in a man named Smithson who came to the |

neighborhood and lectured on chicken raising
le was a fellow with an open, candid manner, 4
pale of mutton-chop whiskers and sound lungs
It took him fifteen minutes to cateh his second
wind and half an hour to eateh his third wind,
bot when he caught his third = wind
he was good for all day and all night He repre
sented a firm which made an infernal contrivance
called the Peerless Queen incubator, and he got
4 liberal commision for selling this (hing
Previous to bis advent Cedar Valley was the
most populous and prosperous community in
achichen way to be found in western Wisconsin,
The breed favored was that wonderful composite
of all strains known interchangeably as. the
barnyard or dunghill. Tis roosters were of all
colors, crowed much and loudly and wouldn't
fight, but they were industrious, its hens did a

lot of elueking and seratehed up garden seed |

with frenzy, but they got down to the business
of laying as soon as they reached the age of mar
riage and they kept it up, winter and summer,
until they were mere bundles of skin and bone from
Fach of these hens was good for a hatch
ing of thirteen chicks twice a year. Each of the
roosters became the father of fifty or sixty fam
ilies, then went to Chicago and was sold as 4 spring
or fall broiler. The barnyard had the happy
virtue of making its own living from bugs, seat
tered grain, young grass and so forth [t re
quired no feeding and uo care. It never had a
disease. It roosted high and laughed at foxes
nunks, coons and woodehucks. Its food was
not plentiful enough to permitit to cateh the ehol
ers. Pips and gapes it clueked to seorn. Now
and then a gray-bellied hawk swooped out of
the blue and pinched a youngling Now
and then a stray dog herded one outin the wheat
field and chased it for four hours. finally making
a meal of it. These things happened so seldom
that they were not worth calculating as a per-
contage of loss. There was money in the barnyard,
Regularly thrice a week
went to Chicago, where their contents were turned
into dollars.
the old ones were slaughtered and sent in to feed
the city folks. There was money in the barnyard,
If there is any
thing in the world which will make a farmer peace
ful. fill his chest with calm, It is the knowledge
that he is getting |
Then Smithson

He had a
small, square, inartisti:
an unholy red and bearing the 1
Queen® on its side in blue letters a f

the egg-laden crates

Regularly each spring and autumn

WAS peace

e best of somebody in town
caine,
f his machine him, a

painted

with

peer

model
DON like 4

“Peerless
thigh. It
had a lot of compartments in it and metal tubes
and a sliding glass door and a small stovepipe
chimney atone end and some hinges and a shallow
tunk at its bettom, for water, and a bowllike
receptacle In which a kerosene lamp stood and
burned and stank. lle lectured to a crowded
house in theCedar Valley church. ‘The house was
crowded because no admission fee was charged.
The valleyites came to scoff and went away to
ponder. Sinithsen lectured again the next night
and the nest On the third nfglit the peuple were
packed in like sardines and a4 tail of them stretched
gvutinto the road. ‘This was his proposition

You bouchta Peerloss Queen incubator for
$60 Adding the freight, storage charges and
so forth, its cost, laid down in Cedar Valley, was
$65. Ithas a capacity of 400 eggs, which would
hatchuutin three weeks, That meant 400 chick
is, SOO every 1,600
ns every
That
say,

ens each Uiree wee six weeks
chick

n the safe side.

every twelve weeks, say 1,500

ninety days, in order to be
would be 6,000 chic!
in order to be on the safe side, 6.000 a vear, Of
these 3,000 would be roosters and 3,000 would
be pullets. Statistics and averages proved this.
The roosters would be sold, when four months
old, for 20 cenwa each in Chicago, astonishing
that town by the presence of thousands of broilers
that could be cut with an ordinary That
id be $600 for the roosters, the least valuable
part of the crop. The 3,000 pullets would begin
laving steadily when five months old Hatched
April they would begin to turn in dollats
Rach of them could be counted
upon to produce five dozens of eggs by the en-
suing spring. kiges were worth 15 cents a dozen
in Chicago. That was 75 cents income a pullet,
or a pullet productive capacity of $2,250 The
gross income from puilets and roosters would
be $2,850, y, in order to Le on the safe vide,
$2,800 in one aninvestnrent of the original
chicken stock and $65 for a Peerless Queen {ne
cubator
‘lL point with pride to this result,” said
son, “and I pause for a reply
No reply being forthcoming, he went on to
state that in bext sprug the 3,000 pullets
would be producing 1,000 eegs a day, which
would require, say, Ww be on the sale side, three
Peerloss een jucubators a day, or a stock af
inety Peerless Queen incubators, producing, in
4 short time, 1,/0U chickens a day, the males
of which crop in four months would be worth
$150 a day, 000 a month in tive months
each bat ) Mets woul be producing, say,
to be on the safe side, To) eves a day worth 39 30.
\w at the end of the year there would be ninety
batches of pullets at work, the daily income
from them in eggs aloae w be not less than
8555, say, to be on the * side, 8550 a day, this
joined to the sale of roosters, would bring the
total tw 61,000 4
‘lmaginadion Smithson, “staggers ap
pailed at this result, but I am giving you onte
k~rl-o, hole, f-a-s, fax — kole fax
Cedar Valley's populauon walked out of the
ehurch in dreamful fashion, unhitched its horses
Iimbed into its wagous and drove homeward
over the bumpy roads, too full for utterance
‘Lhe next day smithson departed his side- pockets
bulged with orders for Peerless Queens
The machines, two of three carloads of them,
reached the valley on time Hearing of this,
the makers of the Wondrous M
sent up Ro Waldo binerson Bangs, who sold a
doven of so His tneubator, he said, would do
everything @ ben could do, except sing and peck
a woman on Ut tinger The vatley
divid I’ Queen and Wondrous
fivision was effected by
] id the Dinky henom. and the
‘These four patterns were respectively
lamp and bot water tubes, herogene
do hot air tubes, kerosene lamp and het
air chamber, alcobol lamp and hot air tubes.
The Bine Hen was purchased extensively by
the large tribe belonging to Olaf Ola
Yonson and Ole Olesen on the principle
by Kout Knut Knutson, familiarly
lightning rod) agents, sewin
purveyors of | dera m
rihalt tray Id Nit Nit
\y bar th’ Blue Han said Nit-Nit, “Af
nt om). \v drank th’ atkinbol Skald!
There had not been such diversity of opt
h heate ument and such mutual
eval ince the first rewinmient marched
1861 while those who were afraid, or
ar to go stayed belind and said that ther
! not to an ir ry smiotilde ring
enmities of the fanned ths
bales as to the pr { {

breeds of ebiekens to be
raised. The old urd |
‘ '
ome

| heen sroad enough
f primailye t hata an w

t ntet

if he } ty five dollar incubator was blood
There were vumberless stratus

White Bratimas, Wyandeties

uthers, Ply th Roek Brown

frames, Minoreas and other

“ ri ple are

wlieve in
As recepta

ns every 360 dave

knife

wo

early in

earon

Smith-

the

sul
amn¢

forth
known to
machine arents
ne and such like

ller

clans ‘were sl sant

wr

vhator
}

g
eon

ie it
averaye

The eggs ca fer

laid down it ‘ ey aeh farmer
’ i Wrangles
which stands
| road and

nendeus
curred daily the store
at the toterseet (the Cedar \
the veh River ron Farmer Fl let Scrim
ught White Brahma exes. His son,
peckled Wyandettes and

Miias, bought Lodion Games

Elia the matter «as

far as Hd be anrued then Elias
whipped Jabe ald Elip $ said
a couple of l begs an didnt know a chicken
fon a mudhen T bick no fr a inkybater
was th Wit) Drammy Making compion
cause againat him, Jabez and I llas said
be was in his doiage and threatened to go into
court and have themselves appointed to run his
farm. Eliphalet said Keep outo my house!
Keep offn my farm:’’ There was a huge row

didere

ha
Jabez

irignied

Fi a are
me ORs
ie Fstgae. ares. ri

| they brought it and defied the

{ At “tread

; be concluded

 

ther ineubator |

became |

Yon |

they were |

that |

over the Norwegians bringing alechol into the
valley, which is a protibition community, but
rosehe cohort
The (Incubators were set going at & cost of 820
each for eggs and for turee weeks te ar Was
filled with disetission and prediction The
preacher tried to siill the waves and every bod)
quit bim and left him high and dry Upon the
sandbar of rectitude, ‘To a beg@ary artay
empty benches he preached a sardonic sermen
on "Blessed are the peacemakers for they shall
inherit the earth.” As he was dependent ex
Urely upon his congregation and bis Congr
ation had bet its collective beats on the Peer
ess Queen, the Wondrous Mother, the Dinky
Vhenom or the Blue Hen, the quality of hls mento!
anguish was not strained
Yerchance matters would have simmered down

and 4 hollow truce been patched up if ie wetney
had not taken a hand When the Wwolnen
a countryside take a hand there is a muthy ¢
look There was @ storm of erlmination and
recrimipation. Old seandals dead and buried
for many a year were liked out of the grave
and walked abroad in ghostly ceremenis. Mrs
Polhemus cast severe reflections upon the house
keeping abilities of Mrs, Swaggert, Mrs. Swag
wert said that Mrs. ‘Winkler had ones thought
too much of Mr. Swaggert; Mire. ‘linkler ay
nounced that Mrs, Sarah Gomley, Treasurn?
of the Jacies’ Aid Society, had never accounted
for all of the money taxen in and Mrs Gondey
evened up matiers by publishing 4 ‘ard in the
county paper, threatening to bale Mrs Polhe
mus before the bar of the chureh for having
cookies for a dance and been distresy ¢
the pastor, As one of the men folk feelingly
put it, they had so much trouble that it was toe
much trouble to say “troubles se they called
for short

At the end of four weeks reports were due from
all of the incubators and should have teen hanced
Into Si Scrimshaw, ‘he storeneerer, Who was toe
only uninvelved man in the valles One by
the incubator owners declared thatthe first hateh
ing had met their most unbounded expectations
and that their yards were then vocal with the
peepings of the chicks. All the same, It) Was
noticeable that the postmaster was kept busy
niaking out money orders for more eggs ‘This
lasted for three months, the money orders growing
fewer in numter Finally they ceased altogether
Knut Knut Knutson showed up ded te the
guards with neatalcohol, and anxtously inquiring
the Chicago address of the Blue Hen man, so that
he onght be certain to find him when he went to
the city to whip him. ‘Then followed a convention,
ofthe” vietims of Ro Waldo) Emerson Bangs,
sho concocted and sent him a joint letter in rough
"nglish. Its supposed that he did not get it
as no answer came = ‘The Veerless Queen forces
held a mass meeting and passed scathing resolu
tions which were engrossed and nailed to the
manufacturers. Purchasers of the Pinky Phenom
were less loud only becouse there were fewer of
them. Gradually, under the softening Influences
of mild spring weather, the Cecar Valles
got together and compared nojes So many In
sults had been exchanged that it was agreed to
eall the whole matter offand startin afreah ‘The
preacher Was reloiced to see a complete congrega
tion ence more facing him. In order to aveid any
complication whatever, be talked about the Boer
war. In due thee experiences were brought out

Oneanan, pridefully loading his Peerless Queen
with $20 worth of Cochin China eggs raised his
lamp-flame until 110 degrees was registered, and
went to sleep that night with the reflection that be
was getting rich while in Led At lO oclock he
was aroused by a series of explosions and a smell
from the outhouse like nothing else that heever
smelled before or since. Investigating, he found
tworthirds of his ege@s in fragments and the others
were getting ready to burst’ ‘They were too ripe,
He burnt the ineubater
ridofthe scent. The Dinky Phenom, guaranteed
to be perfectly safe anywhere excep tin a cyclone,
blew up on the third day and burned down Jim
Warchsel's $50 henhouse. Svendrg Svenson,
firing up his Blue Hen until the spectral tame
of the alcohol lamp was three inches high, went
into the woods, hunting squirrels, and when he
got back found 400 speckled Wyand: tie eres
roasted through and through, and as hard as ka
Worse than that, the alcohol was all gone and
that caused him a deep sense of los One of the
Wondrous Mothers did even better, since it hateled
thirty-two out of 400 White Brahma exes, and
the chicks were as black crows. Llowever
they all died inside of two daye and Jinx Brown,
the rowner, was enabled to getihem underground
with speed) He had boughithe Wondrous Mother
and his wife had bought the eggs, and they are
now divorced, but the minister hopes to
them towetler amain

When all of the testimony was in it was dis
covered thal the various styles of incubators had
run a dead heat as far as worthleseness was con
cerned. Some were disposed te assert pre-emi-
nence for the Dinky Phenom, as, in addition to
burning a henhouse, !t had set fire toa stable and
had also exploded in three instances. but
others had demerits as strong, and if the matier
had been put to a vote there would have been a te.
Of course, each investor was disy osed to think that
his own meubator had Leen worse than any of
the others. but the dispute simmered into quiet,
they were all so weary of war

J. Walmsley Jones had followed a
differing plan. Peing of atheoretical turn, he had
theorized that the chickens must leeome  acecli
matived before amounting to much He had pur
Chased a Veerless Queen incubator all right, but
did not lay out anything in egers. He bought,
instead, two doven pairs of black Minorca hens
with a complement of roosters, intending to let
hem breathe the western Wisconsin air and do
their laying onthe rremises This plan might
have worked wel) but forthe fact thatthe chickens,
being of an Asiatic breed. all frozetocdeath the first
night, and, when vsited in the morning, were in
Many attitudes of suffness and inutility So far
as anybody knows, the incubator of... Walmsley
Jones is all right. Ut has not been tried in a pa
rental way, and his wife is now using it to set
washtnh on

(ing through Cedar Valley today the traveller
hears not the strident call of the barnyard rvoster
or the busy cluck-cluck ef the barnyard hen
All of these chickens were killa! and sentto Chi
cago when the valley!tes cot ready to make $1,000
a day. No particolored birds peck about the
kitchen door. The youths and maidens do not
have egg-hunting matches,
ours he circuitrider who stons in that ne‘gh-
borhood, expecting to be regaled with yellow
legeed pullet, all brown and golden from the pean
will find himself up against plekled pork, fried
miserably in its own fat
borrow setting bens from one another The
steady income from the market bas dwindled to
nothing. Ttis hoped thatin a year or two another
start will he made Meanwhile, Mr. Smitheon
and \fr BRanes ther felloweriminals, by
calling at Scrimshaw's store, will hear of some
thing to their disadvantare In an outhouse,
iled up like cord-wood, are incubators of four
well-known brands. Ther are for sale and it is
not well to ask too many questions abort them

as

somewhat

}
end

|

| exceplion

Th

FACTS RELATING 40 THE TEN ANTS
OF THE WHITE HOUSE.

All but One Robust Men Their Average
Age Three Score and Ten
Presidents the Longer Lived
From Ten States — Second

The Presidents of the United States, have asa

nu strong ond robust men Polk was the

Ile was never robust, and yet he wos

mennsaninvelid Ofther emailer

Drosidents oor perhaps it ¥

sQy twenty four, bearing: in mind t

that Grover Cleveland counts twice; that is

twenty second aad the twenty-fourth Ir
there was not one who did notenjoy F rest
up to and beyond middle life, and mo
continued to do so up toa good old age ‘
It will surprise many to know that the avera

All Chosen

rule, tw
{the

by m

Iwenty five

better t

t

| nge of the twenty one Presidents who h 71 |

! three score and ten

| first

iat

folk |

to get}

1 to the deaths of the Presidents is the circus

bong

the |

because there are no |

} Jackson was born &y

Farmers’ wives do not |

from any man who happens to be lounging inthe ,

store sampling the cheese now and then and apit
ting forcefully at the stove

MIXED UP WITH A WATERSPOUT,

A Stirring Episode inthe Voyarce of alittle
Schooner in the Pacifle,
From the San Francisco Chronicle

Tt swaved and le7zaered over the ocean Hke
the siaegering eait of adrunken man, then swept
with 4 roar just under our stern and carried away
the spinnaker boom withit

That was the way Cant Rice described the
encounter his vessel, the schooner Metha Nel
son, had with a waterspout on the morning of
Oct, 18, about thirty miles northwest of Point
Reges, while she was making for this port The
was bound from Makawell, Hawaitan
with a cargo of sugar She had fair

schooner
Islands,

weather during all the voyage until the capas |

which mark the entrance to the harbor wep al
most in sight, when the wind began to freshen
and come in fitful gusts
‘The schooner was holding well up to the north
east to get a good slant of wind for the port after
taking bearings from the Farallone Light. The
wind, which had been pretty brisk at the break
f dav and a few hours after
the sun broke through the banks of fog clouds
in (he eastward it was almost blowing a hurricane
from the northwest
When nearly abreast of- Point Reyes the ves
sel's course was changed and she was bowling
in toward the harbor, with the wind almost astern
Suddenly and almost directly ahead of

vessel there arose a great, tall column of water
Por a moment it stood almost direedy in the
track of the schooner and only @ few yards in
advance of its tibboom. Just as the vessel seemed
about to plerce it, it ved slowly from the
schooner, then swung off to starboard. Capt
Rice ordered the helm hard over, to pass to port
of the column, and at the same ume jumped down
from the poop deck to give the men a hand in
hauling up the sheets
The work was hardls
and mainsails were

great column ¢

kept increasing

the

half done and the jibs
flapping in we wind, when
few r changed its course
came swirkrar bac toward the schooner
tostrike ttalmost amidships
This time tt came racing over the ocean with
A rear and with the speed of an express train
Phe sailors dropped the ropes on which they were
hanling and sought the protection of the heavy
beams of the forecasde head fren. the spears of
tbe rigging, that they expected the next moment
would be torn from the vessel and cone tumbling
down, & mass of wreckage. on the ¢
Almost before the men could reach the
the vessel was caught uw the vortex of which
ompanied the mighty twisting colunin of water,
nd she spun around tke «© top, lurching her port
rile under the water as she went ‘lhe vessel's
tern swing inte tl voirling bas { the water
spout andit was lifted lirh in the air while the
bow sunt: down the waves and the water
Tushed in on the ver the bulwarks forward
It woonly for an instant in thatt yrit
there was cracking «of nnd the little
heavily laden vessel er though the life
were being choked outof her There was a loud
reportof smashing rs or » midst of it all
Then the vessel's bow fo ’ a quick roll
to starboard that nut her almos » her rm end
the vessel sprung arour Uttravelling
Imost parallel te rincl The point
if the jioboum but poked into the twisting
column as th ver teieled around
why the sehooner n@ehted sad when
to an even Keel the waterspout we !
starboard of the vessel and travelling razidly
nwuny All denger to the vessel wos past) and
the wreniest surprine to the crew was the littie
damage that had been done,

shelter

f

sallors

tinvbers

tned as

we

.
. ¢

| called into action

| White

| ol¢e is now

| modern

5 0) setae er hy, bats
. ; eS cna nig ey : ve
Ps Bk his A i ahi Rp TER civilly bint, iat

froin Washington to Artharia uss i}
or to be more ena
S months and 16 days. By an odd
this was almost the exact age of Ruth rford bb
Haves, who lived 70 years, 8 months ond 1 days

The Presidents lived longer tn the early days
thania more recent times Pheoaverng ofthe
ten, from Washington to ‘Tyler inclusiwe
is 77 years, 10 months and Sdeys ‘That of the
eleven, from Polk to Arthur inclusive, is 68 years,
5 months and 7 days. ‘This great difference is
unted forin part by the cire thattwo
Presidents, Lincoln and Garfleld,
an assassin at the

qv vears

neidence

acer ras lane

the eleven
were stricken down by
paratively early ages of 56 and 49 re
spectively Heth of them were men of
unusual health and strength, and had jt not been
for their assassination, one for both might have
lived in the natural course of events to at least
the average age of the other Presidents
Of the first ten Presidents, Washington was the
youngest to die, and yet he reached the consid:
erable age of 67. Only three of the cleven Presi
dents from Polk to Arthur attained a greater age,
‘These were Fillmore, Buchanan and tlayes
John Adams, one of the sturdiost of all
Presidents, reached the most advanced age
lived to be 90, the
among them. Curtously enough
longevity was) Madison
shortly after he was gradu
College, he poor h
toafmend intimating that he didn
or healthy hfe. Yet Madison grew str
due ume, and lived to the ripe old age of BF
Nest im longevity Madison's lifel
frend and counsellor, Thomas Jefferson
lived to be 838. J Adams reached
The voungest of all the Presidents t
Garfield, who was cut down in the prir
Dy an assassins bullet Yad he lived
months more, he would have reached 50
‘The youngest of the Presi¢ !
death was Polk, who liv :
came Arthur, who died at 66
The ages of all the dead
in the order of nugevily, are
Madison, 85; Jefferson, 53

80, Van Buren, 78 Jackson ne
77, Filmore, 74; Mons Iyvier, 7 Hayes
7, Wilham Henry Harrison, 68) Washingt
67, Johnson, 66; Taylor, 65, Pheree. 64. Grant
63 Lincoln, 56, Arthur, $6. Gartield I
will be seen that no two of the te rts
at rhe same age except Lincell \rthur
The most remarkable coinedence tr

eon

the
He
ooby nonagenanan
the second in
though at the { 21
ted from Praneeton
uth that he wrote

tery

and is

was ins
clalong
ager in

comes

hn Quines

ann
ext te

arranged
ms, YO;

7
AUTH,

Presidents

}

rue, 7

ed

aung
labee

Jefferson died
just fifty years

that John Adams and Thome
on the same day, July 4, 1626
after the Declaration of Independence, which
Jefferson himself had written. and which both
Adams and Jefferson had done much to bring
tO PASS. Adams dvd after having remarked
“Thomas Jefferson still lives Put as a matter
of fact, Jefferson bad died a few bours before

Five years later, on Independence Day, 1551,
died James Monroe, the orginator of the Monree
Doctnne

Washington was the only President to pass
his life enurely in the last century, and Pierce
was the first to be born during the present cen
tury

Four of the Presidents died in «otfee
Henry Harrison, who served oil + month;
Zachary Taylor, who served one year and four
months; tneoln, who served one fuil term and
about six weeks of his second terin, and Garfield,
who died after he had held the office six munths

Of the three Presidents now Living, Benjamin
Tlarrison is 66, and resides at Indiana olis; Grover
Cleveland is 63, and lives at Princeton, President
Mckinley is 57

It is a singular thing that two of the States,
Virginia and Obie, have furnished more than
half the Presidents to the Nation \ inginia,
the Mother of Presidents » birthplace of
eight, Obto of five, Mas ‘tts, New York
and North Carolina: ftwoeach, and New llamp
shire, Pennsylvania, Kentucky, Vermont and
New Jersey of one each. Thus
the honor of being the birthplaces
idents of the United States. Washington
son, Madison, Monroe, William Henry ilarnson
Tyler, Polk and ‘aylor were born in Virginia;
Grant, Hayes, Garfield 3enjamin = larrisen
and MeKinley in ony John Adams and Jolin
Quincy Adams in Massachusetts, Van Buren
and Fillmore in New York, Jackson and Jduhn
son in North Carolina, Pierce in New Ilanp-
shire. Bochanan tn Penusylvania, lineoln in
Khentucuy, Arthur in Vermont and Cleveland
in New Jerseys t she bs stated, though, that
ear the border between
North and South Carolina that the question of
his nativity has always been a matter of dispute
His biographer, Jemes Parton, bas, however,
demonstrated that the honor belongs to North
Cerolina

‘Twelve of the Presidents, Washingtou, Ji flor
son, Madison, Monroe, John Adoms hn Quiney
Adams, Van Buren, Pierce, Buchanan, hiayes,
Garfield and Mctinley were chosen fror
native States Tyler, who succeeded
Henry biarrison on the death of the latter,
a tesident of his native State atthe time, and so
was Fillmore, who succeeded ‘Vaylor WiLam
Henry Harrison was chosen from Ohio, Polk
and Jackson from ‘Tennessee, Taylor from Ken-
tucky, Lincoln and Grant from Illinois, a
Benjamin Harrison from Indiana. Johoason
was a citizen of Tennessee when he succeeded
Linceln and Arthur a citizen of New Sork when
he_ succeeded Garfield

Buffalo enjovs the distinction of being the
only city in the country that hos furnished two
Presidents, They are Pullinore and Cleveland

Each of the important wars of the United Siaies
has given one or more t’residents to the country
‘The War of the Revolution gave Washington;
the War of 1512. Jackson and Harrison; Taylor
aud Merce went to the White Bouse on the strength
of their records during the Mexican Wer, while
every President chosen since Wie Civil War, ex-
cept leveland, took partin toat strugg'e

jashingion and Grant were the greatest sql-
diers, though Jackson and Marrisou were dis
tinguished Generals. Monre was a soldier of
the Revoluvion, and was engaged in several im

fant battles, including ‘lrenton, Bre odywine,
iermantown and Monmouth. At ‘lrenton he
was wounded in the shoulder. Tyler put m a
month's service as the head of a eom) of mu
ie during the War of 1612, but bis men were pot
Lincoln's military career covered
two months’ service in the war against the indian
chief, Black Hawk, in 1862, first as Captain of
militia and afterward as a private

During the early part of the Civil War Arthur
wee Acung Quarterinaster Geneyul for We State
of New York, afterward Inspector General and
then Quartermaster General

In the early history of the United States it was
the rule to give the Presidents a secoud term
Later it became the exception Of thet
Presidents Washington, Jefferson, Mac)
re and Jackson served two term Since Jack
son's tine only three, Lincoln, Grant and Cleve
land, have been elected a second time Of these,
Grant was the only one ww serve two consecu
tive terms (Cleveland served two teens, bul with
four years intermission. In the light of history,
theref re, it will be eeen that the chances are de
cidedly against a Presidents occupying the
House for eight Years
does the force of this appear in view of the fact
that of tho e who tasted Presidential Lonors for
one full term of a perten of a tern arly all
aspired to a reelection. This John
Adams, John Quin \daims, Var Tyler,
Fillmore, Poerce, Arthur and Penjamin Larrison

Polk, Buchanan and taves are the only hold
ers of the offe who were content to sink out of
sight without a struggle at the lus t ther
terms of office

Of the ejght Presidents
desired a second term }
Adama, Nan Burer
were their party » candi

Wilham

was

ins

already mentioned who
\danis. John Quincey
Benjamin Harrison
ates for re election Ivler
became the candidate of a parity factn but
afterward withdrew | ame, while Pillm: pe
was repominaied by the American party four veces
after his term of office had expired, but carried
miy one St
In the early days, the Vice Pree
Seeretaryship of State appear t
ring «tunes to the Presidency
Vice President with Washingt) n ccerded
as President, Thomas Jeffersen, Vice President
with Adams and Secretaty «of State onder Wasi
ington, suceeeded Adams; Vanturen, Seeretar
of State under Jackson and afterwards Vico
sddent. sueeeeded Fi Madison. Secretary
inder J >
et n of Madi omnes
followed |
relary of
Secretary of Stat

Wnes and the
ic been Ste;
dobm Adams,
! him

Secretaries if
wnce Monroe was at
Sate, John Quincey Acans
et rt Polk, eter

State
bo his Ser
Uuehanan
war! became President
Since Van Buren, n
ch “en the P
View Pre $
molhen to sidenes ss Pp

reced

Viee President bas been
and so far mn the
" as in line pre
rlant
liclans a» A

idenes

convenient she
venient cand

It would n
that their Mieviden i {
ales: rulers whom an nati ar
fan boast \fan have been
strane partisans bit it may be eaid of them wit!
outexcepiion hat their conductef the Pre iden
Vial office has been for the best in'erests of their

them

Py Mt ys vo le
phi egited aes

The Vartier |

Terme,
!

THE PRESIDENTS. |

country, as they saw the light. All of them
doubtless have made mistakes, for they bave been
human, bit their mistakes were almost invar
jab y etrors of judgment, and not error founde
upon seliwill, b wotry, intolerance, Vanity ond
arrogance = Whacever the shorteomings of the
repubican form of government in the United
States (t has never been compareb'e to that unter
hereditary rulers, which Jefferson, in @ letier to
Mattison, once deacribad as a “government of
wolves over sheep or kites over pigeons

KOCKWELL FARMERS’ TRUST.

Continued Prosperity of the Organization
Recently Described tn The San.”
bromthe S!. Louis Globe Democrat,

Mason Crry, Ia, April 5,-What has been tho
wonder of Jowa farmers and a thorn in the |
flesh of grain buyers bas just rounded out its
leventh yearof existence, and the past year |
has been more marvelously successful than any

| former year,

ratloted |

Eleven years ago at Roekwe!ll, twelve miles
south of thia city, in the riehest part of this
county, the Fe'thouse Brothers were coloing
money buying grain and stock and selling
everything the farmer needed, They became
riehso fust and the farmers became so dis-
satisfied that they formed a cooperative asso.
elation for the purpose of building an elevator,
marketing their own grain and disposing of
theirown hogs

Ly agitation they interested
famuers in four townships about Hoc: well to

ninety-five

| take stock In shares of $1 each, and no man

enan, !

| Ohie,

More esyecially |

| hand he climbed to the topmost point o

| the original
} porations endeavored to destroy them, but in

| minister

| scene

 

could own more than three shares, With this
capital an elevator was built and the business
begun, There was one provision in the consti
tution that has been the mainstay of the finan-
clal management and the bulwark against
destruetion by ruinous competition, Themem-
bera were always paid one-fourth of a cent
more than the seller outside the society, and
the association protected itself from the
allurementa of higher prices paid by com-
peting e'evators by compelling its members
to pay one-fourth of a cent commission in
case the grain was sold to a competitor.
The manager was Instructed to give the
highest price possible, based on Chicago
quotations, and if the competitor offered a
higher price he advised the members to sell to
them and bring their one-fourth of a cent com-
mission to the treasury, The founders had
Neured toa nicety that this quarter of a cent
would pay all the expenses of the manager if |
not albushel of grain came into their elevator,
and thua they would have always a buyer who
would either give the best prices the market
would warrant or compel their competitor to
pay the farmer more than the market price, to
the detriment of the competitor, the profit of
the association and welfare of the farmer The
result bas been that the Rocekwell elevators
have always paid one-hall cent to one and one-
half cents higher than any other elevators in
the counts, and have been a source of chills
and fever to the other elevator companies

‘The cohesion of the society is tbe marvel of
the county. It was predicted that the men who
composed it, because of diametrieal religious
benef, political afMfiifations and racial preju
dices, would not hold together more than @
year. But all these members have put all these
aud they petty ambitions aside and united un-
swervingly ou the platiorm of best prices on
grain and hows, and Protestant, Catholle, Re
pubiiean, Democrat, Irish, Scandinavian, Ger-
man or American cannot swerve them from
idea. ‘Twice have powertul eor-

stead of dismaying them it has angered them,
and they have gone a step farther In tha co:
erative idea, and sell to their members coul,
sult, four and other supplies whiel defy com-
petition of the local merchants

The experiment was founded on the theory
that the farmers were enslaved tothe former
grain buyers, and that this was the r emanci-
pation. The fight tor supremacy and for the
lite of the society has been kept fresh in the
minds of the members, and each year the lin-
tory is rehearsed, and the association renews
its vows as sacrediv asif at the altar of its
country or chureh, Every year the question ia
asked ifthey want to go back tothe fleshnots
ot low prices, and the exhortation ts then made
that the only plan to escape this bondage isto
stick together and when & member sells else-
where to faithfully pay his 4c. commission to
the society, Example hus been made of a few
by expelling them for dishonestly refusing to
comply, and ag this meana social and busineas
ostracism the cases of treachery have been
rare and the yvioiators have found it convenient
to move to other localities,

Just recently the Kansas City Grain Com-
pany, Which is now endeavoring to meet the
association prices, offered to form acombina-
tion toallow the farmera to fix the priceof
grain daily at Rockwell and they would make
the same price at thelr various elevators. The
officers thought they detected an attempt to
secure the forfeiture of the'r charter by com-
bining with other coneerns, and politely re-
fused the overture. From @ beginning of nine-
ty-tive membersand !osa than 200 shares of
stock, the association has grown to nearly 500
members, representing GOL shares of stock,
From a first year’s business of probably less
than $50,000, the year just closed has shown a
business of $900,000, an increase in the past
year of $185,000, Thia year, too, they have
added avother elevator at Cameron, four miles
south of this city (another challenge to the Kan-
aas City Grain Company), have added 125 new
members, declared a dividend of $5,125 and
have asurplus of over $7,000 in the treasury.

The history of this trust ia_untque. There is
nootherlike it anywhere. It aims at no divi-
dends, the theory being to give the dividends
in prices for grain, the largest aeller, therefore,
getting the larwest benefit, which ts, of course
the most just. There are no assessments ani
never a defieit. Coal, flour and the Ike are
sold to the members at a@ slight percent. above
cost and to othera ata stil! increased coat, put
the business is handled at so small an expense
that people at Kockwell, for some reason or
other, can secure these commodities at a say.
ing all the way from 10 to 25 per cent., in com-
parison with the prices in) surrounding
towns. It bas been charged that the reason
that this company ean quote better prices
for grain and hogs and lower prices for
the few staple commodit{fes soit is that
it enjoys special privileges from the Towa
Centra! road, but if that ts the ease it avems
strange that other roads have allowed the bua} -
ness to drift away from them without giving
their own elevator men the same opportunity
toholditforthem, The seeret, more reason-
ably, ee in the fact that the Rockwell soctety
ja never without a large business, that it wants
no middiemen's profits, and that the money
which the ordinary elevator company makes is
simply tacked on to the market price of the
ginin. At Mason City, for the firet time in
years, the hausas Oity Grain Company, a
powerful corporation, is quoting Rockwell
prices, and there ia much interest to see if that
srganization wil! keep up the pace or succumb
as 30 many Others have in the past.

DEDICATED WITH WHISKEY.

A Mottle of the Stuff Broken Over the Spire
of the New Church,

From the Cleraland Piaem Dealer.

ine Congregational Church at Austinburg,
was dedicated as a bouse of worship by
the breaking of @ bottle of whiskey over its spire
This towe located six miles south of Geneva,
will next Juue celebrate the one hunds dth an-
niversary ofits setdement, and the old church
near its geographical centre bas the distinction
ff being the Urst frame church built upon the
Western Reserve

The days when this church was built were
avowedly the days of whiskey It was the day
when the drink was poured out freely by all who
atiended the “raising” of a building, and when
every one partook of It as we of the present would
drink a glass of lemonade, Even the Rev. Giles
Wo Cowles, the hero of Austinburg and veteran
of the county, partook of the “fire
water,” and pastors subsequently filling the
pet of the church stopped at the village store,
yefore and after attending services, to take an
“eye opener -

The “raising” of the church occupied a whole
week, having been begun on Monday morning
and completed Saturday afternoon. On the
last day the entire community was upon the
to witness the dedicatory ceremonies
As none of those erecting the building would

climb to the top of the spire, which is over one |

hundred feet from the ground, the services of
a lake sailor were procured. With a rope in his
the edi
tice and as the last Umber was placed he drew
a bottle of whiskey from the ground by means
ofa rope, and, breaking it over the spire, shouted
Three cheers for the new church

Took a Costly Nap.
From the Philadelphia Press
‘To bew.n with, he's “a good fellow” That's
a phrase easier understood by men than by women
It generally means well, it means he's an al!

| round good sortin the male line

sreon b came the next Preside nt |

Saturday afternoon he was feeling pretty good
Ile had been quite thirsty, if what he had taken
was to be judwed as a criterion And the ba
tions left hin in a thoroughly good bumer, and

| he felt at peace with the world

In this delichtful mental and physical state
he bethought him of a friend of his in Providence,
kK | And he further thougbt what be would
call up that particular friend on the telephone
Se he went to a Broad street hetel, told
young woman Mere who aad charge of the
thathe wanted to speak to Mr Se-and-So in P
der and woulda't she kindly call
The girl did as she was bade
Party's on the phone.” she said, and the man
wen! into the telephone box, sat down and put
the recediver to his ear
And then he calmly and sweetiy dropped off to |

ale

the

rovi
ip the parts

When he woke up he owed the telephone com-

pany 832 90
L[+ said he wouldn't pag it-—but he did

ja

A SRO yoni th hh ati! Mr Rahn ew ah
Pose a bos he ;

+ hy ¢

pile ude ie i oy 30

phone |

MANILA

or
MIKE

CUSTOM TOUSE,

SPANISH
AMERICANS

RED
S4G71,

COILS TAPE

Rensons Why the System Cannot Be
Changed at Present—Facts of the Hunt
for an Empty Tronk American Women
Who Despair Trinks of the Offtelale,
MANILA, Feb The mills of the God«© may

grind slowly, but they arenot a circumstance t
workings of the Mantla hots
present system was eniatlished by Spam
and even theugh it was universally conder
during Spanish days, there were certotr
ing then in tl of busine Ltn
tives aud short sanctioned by custom and
routine, but now the military cirects 7
everything is carried out to the le
ifted through all the various intricate pro
thet would meke
the products of the mulls of the Gods as lompy
as the boulders that liein the mountain etreary

oy
=f

the

custom

ed
redeem:
fentur was
cute
under
tier of the law
and
fineness

cesses to an ultimate

certain goods and classes of
together and the ¢uthe
as experience demonstrated
todd
provided for hy

In Spanish cay
{Imports
were levied in bulk
thatthis was the best and mostespeditious me
OF « not

the Jaws, butin this case as in many others that
a

were maseed

urse This course

was
puzzle officials and business men, the ¢
\s alfears new
copsistent

* wos
the mile
and ke
of rules, operates exactly according to
and rigidly enforces every aruce
and clause of Che customs code

Here is a case that happened this week

simpiy set aside on
lary woverhnment
watebful

instructions

ever my

Ao

empty trunk belorgring to me was sene

sleairer
roms Sarg to \ianila by the steamship Vale
lava, Smith, Bell & agents, seut me
a notice saving that the trunk had arrived. Ac
cording! ¥ btook the receipt t Smith, Bell & Co,
where it was signed and indorsed, from there T
went to the custom house, Such a bustling,
howling, confused crowd, calling to all directions
in half a dozen different languages, cannot be
seen any place in the States and the only ap
proaches to it tre at the tHlong kong and Shang-
and there the difference in lan
guage is missing An inspector directed ine
hief clerks’ office where my receipt was
through the by Aguinalde's for
mer private Antonio Racamiila
Mr. Escamilla bas given up insurrection for the
present and has thrown in his lot with the Amer-
icans \fter reading the paper over he asked
me to come inside out of the crowd of scrambling
Chinese dealers that huddled about the window,
1 made my way inte the office and found Mr.
Stanley, the chief clerk busy with a bundle of
papers fully a foot high

“Look at that for a stack,” said he as I sat down,
but he very kindly stopped his work to blue pencil
across the corridor to

hai wharves,

to the
tahen window

secreuary one

receipt and direct me
Plimb's office
Vhere the chief we

my
Mr
ins tor sized up My papet
and sent for Inspector Youug, telling him to look
for the trunk and examine it Mr Young took
me through the warehouses filled to the top with
cases, out into the yard where new buildings
are being erected and finally into a store shed
or godoWn After four or five minutes search
the trunk was brought t light and a soldier as
the left hand of the door handed me a book which
I signed tle sugwested that | get a native to
carry the trunk to the main office where it wonld
be inspected [ hited one for 10 cents As I
started to follow him, a Fulipino, who sat ap ona
desk on the right hand of the door, hatled me
and sald in Spanish, that I would bave to sign
‘here, indicating a line of a book. ‘The inspector
said that this was another check so [ signed again
and went back to the inspection room, Mr. Young
was very obliging and after opening the trunk
and finding only an old laundry list he said

‘Oh, this will be easy for you: just step over
and get a free entry blank.” :

1 took my place ina long line of Chines», Filipt-
nos and Amer eans, and finally pot command of
the window The clerk set to work on a blank
Jul’, feet and wrote steadily for four minutea
Then he said

“You had better go over to the stamp clerk and
get a twenty five cent revenue sticker,”

A Filipine presided at the stamp window and
returned me my American half dollar, saying
that American money didn't go, that [ must get
M xican. | gave him two pesetas (forty cents)
and he turned over the stamp, but said that he
had no change. I finally got ten of the fifteen
cents due me and went back to the free entry
clerk. He stamped the document, required me
to alen it and told me to present it to the assistant
manifest clerk around the corner. The agsistant
clerk is Mr Kiley, a former soldier of the Oregon
regiment Tle was very busy in # vain endeavor
to explain the proper place of sitnature to several
Chinese merchants. Aa they did not «peak Ene~
lish it was not a small undertaking, but finaliv
it was aettled and my document came up for notice.
Mr Riley seemed satisfied and banded it hack
after putting down three little blue pencil crosses
to indicate where my siyrnatures were needed.
1 sieved the necessary lines and returned it

“Hello,” said Mr Riley, “is that the way you si¢a
your name?”

I told him it was and then he said, “That ten't
the way itis spelled on the manifest That isn't
regular, I can’t let this go on.” [ assured him
that the trunk was mine and offered to bring up
the captain in charve of the customs to identify
me. It seems that Smith, Bell & Co's clerk had
put down “ald when it should have been “ell”
l acreed to alter the aignature, any way that be
wanted them, so he said, “Well, make them al
“ald'” I did so. Then I held up my band and
aWwore to the customary oath that inasmuch as
T was getting a free entry, | would make personal
use of the trunk and that [ was not importing |
for purposes of pale. When T eot my pacer back
1 could hardly recognize it, all covered as it was
with marke, stamps and signatures

\s | crosaed the ball | met the first inapector
whom | bad seen pearly an hour before.

“Tlow are von making out™ he aaid “You're
neky, sav, you're dead lucky to have that trunk
empty, for otherwise you couldn't get it antl we
morrow, chauces are.”

The deputy collector of customs was the next
to" K" the paper and then the manifest clerk,
Mr Edwards, took it in hand and added some
more marks Lere [lost rack of It and not caring
very much at this stage of the game, whetlir
Lever save paper or trunk again T went tn to esl
on Capt Millar, the Assistant Collector of Castoma
Capt. Millur is 4 patient man, and he ceriauly
needs to be so

“The @eestem is laborious and Iined with red
tape.” he said, “butitis the onle one we have and
we must enforee it according to instructions”

While we were talking, half a dozen clerks
came in with various points to be settled and some
yyotesta from merchants and Chines ‘The

aptuin listened carefully to each case aod man
aged to adjuet the difficulties: Perhaps the most
trying are those which arise when jeckages are
sent to American women here. They order
various things from China and Japan, and get
thetr friends to send them clothes, books and 60 on
from the Chinese or English honsen In due
Ume they receive a notice from the steamship
company tata package awaits them. 1 cours,
they go right the custom house and meet wita
the first disappointment when they are wid that
they n ust go back to the steamship office and have
the receipt indorsed. ‘Then they come back com
fident that itis only necessary t) walk in and get
the package from the Collector's desk. Dy the
ume they have cigned their names three or four
diferent imes and have run the gauntlet of the
various cleris and natives, some of them cry,
many become indignant anc others go away fn
doopals, declarts that they would ra’ lowe the
package than fight all day for it

These are not exaggerations but actual facta,
and everybody who has visited Manila or 4
vempted to do business there has the same line
of eriticiam; but undl the present code is altered
there can be no remedy or relief ‘The author
ities in charge are most courteous and patleny
but they are severely handicapped by end:
leas laws that govern their proceedings Thre
is a most urgent need for reform and adjust t
to meet the changed condition and the exuemey
rapid increase in business

“We bave done over 630,000 worth of burine s
this morning,” said Capt. Millar, aso clerk cer 4
in with a report, “and there are thousance m re
waiting in the riverand the Government @odeowt>
It is ensy to Kee how trade would Increare if) @
preeent methads were put on an uty date foc lr)

1 had beri the chase of my crunk et @ orl k
and as it eas now a quurier past 11, Tingulied
of the Captain as tomy hancesof running itduwa
by noon

Well, we will see,” said he over
to Mr Viumb's desk and I will tnd outif yet

“Het come

| blanks are all Gh

ey all wiened 4
eo T reade a
need oh Mm

pay

were

etill damp

Sure enough, there t!
stamped with the ink
for the inspection room and pot

Do I get i" T asked as | handed my
to the official in « harge

Til teil iin a minute” ea
down and began checking otf
and stamps,  binally |
i’sall ight and sours ‘a
ty you never qui know w
is settled or not 1 pruess yi
a bow tocarrys it ttotheeonr

oot kom re chances
the trunk | irried 1 the
inte the seat of t rrieue
said | to the driver he
rrect “ d knew tee cw
nme
comer wie
last cler the eoubtir ‘ ir mingle
tw hour Ming Hi i i, FOr
signe! thison the wrong
I dor mops
away w fist?
the trunk bobbing poerr "i
carriage swune around u ee
any place and anything

Look here.” seid ‘
any kick coming You on
mereha md (hiner
and four dave ata tine
the lot are Americans
brought up on it and ‘hey
you haven't got any kick.’

And I began w think that perhaps I

as he
sib
catuo- “Well I
fellow hast
hether ever

ane

street er

he went vp the erred °

Vie | ' he

rive a

that

ork

wotte ve the

Ar ute here for tt

Hat sav, the wor
‘They haventty ao

hick like steers ~ nay

hada |

t
4
ee
{

Bi) OO aha aete

{me atid wits