THE DEAD WOMAN'S STORY.

AFTKLK THE LOOTING

pV EN TURE
COFFIN, |

or A BURGLAR-PROOF

surprise in the Bug@y of a Man Who Wished |
Merely to Oblige a Feiend A Ride After

Nocturnal Visit to a Cemetery A

side to the Story After All.

socated in Lexington, hy., @ good |
aid the man of experience, |

'
Pathetu

‘A

 

 

   

 

 

 
 
 

 

 

took me out last night Just do as I tll you
and you'll come out all right.’

“L took up the reins a we began our weird
journey. Down the road we went for what seemed
about half a mile. Then, at her command, |
turned into & lane leading to the east. In a lit
tle while T made still another turn as directed,
and soon we were brought to a balt by runnioa
{nto a board fence which, my companion assured
me, was the cemetery enclosure

‘Well have to walk the rest of the way,’ said
she complacently. “This is the new part of the
raveyard. ‘There are not many people burned
wre yet, but they’ Il come in time My grave
is over yonder Just behind that tall cedar tree

 

 

 

 

 

 

     

 

     

 

 

  

 

 

     

 

 

 

 

    

 

  

 

 

 

  

   

      

 

   

    

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

} in growing roses and rare plants in winter

' years. OGF with the high monument beside it’
> v mostintiimate friend a man named The clouds had seatiered a litde then, and
is dtoiter, Holter was the publisher by the light of the few stars that had come strag
{ nonthiy trade journal called the | ling forth | could make out the outline of the
a : } | tree and the monument to which she had called
\ [his Was not @ particularly en | my attention. L tied the horse to the fence and
na for a paper, but it was fully as | assisted the woman to alight
nts. which were a collec “Oh, Lean't walk,’ she cried, as her feet struck
. the ground. ‘I'm dead, and dead people cant
{ 1 P ver
J notes on the status of the coflin, | walk” You'll have to carry me
widertaking industries, Tolters Realizing ta ! aoe, ein to ere from her
he course of the night decided that it was
were in the same building, and | it! f '
oe Uh he aoe ling {best to humor her slightest whi. Accordingly
stom after finishing my werk fof] Prook herin my arms and setout on the last stage
to his room for a litte ehat, | of the first port o our journey: The, woes mn
, allowed herself to beeome perfectly helpless in
W d usual yw together. | :
i would usually walk home tog | my grasp and slight though she seen my
ning in tate November when T called @t) burden was a heavy and « dangerous one, eon
If id him ina terrible stew ' sidering the unsettled state of the community
‘ wu. he aaked It was with much diffleulty that [get my load
Heard % DWE, Be Ree of human freight over the fence Just as I started
add, nothing in partioular, What's] on after passing this barrier, my yt wtruck
against something that rung out with a sharp,
. » | metallic sound
fon h ) emete ery
wd out in the Moravian Cemetery “That is a spade somebody has left here,’ said
ul \wful thing, Deceased | the woman. “Youd better take it, You'll need
, wealthy foreigner and was | it to bury ine with
fur » iy ywels clasped | I took up the spade as directed and then struck
with aw E SURE Nb Ps sia } out boldly aware the guiding landmarks in the
t foarms, Objeet, therefore | distance. Just afier we had passed the cedar
n plunder ftody was buried in a | the pean aoe 5 pert ' ,
” . vere, She sale pointing tou a new Vv mace
prot cof ’ rave ?
x \ ns which Iga grave, ‘is where L live Thats where the three
boomy Getober number, "Thats | men found me last night
' 5 tthe matter, but l mut have all ‘Her words gave me the cue | bad been waiting
; ay of the facts a4 are for and EP followed it up eagerly
AA TRARY OF ENE Seem eS Phat was a great trip you made last night,
, ‘ peissue of the Death Wateh whieh | LT said Itmost have been inieresting Wouldnt
pr tomorrow Linust know how and | yeu like to take it again You must be rested
/ : ae fone, and bei &? this time Anyway, [ll either carry you or
whem ASSAF deed was done, and le} drive you over every neh of the road “Come,
t find ' west f the bods and the | lets make a night of it aud § rand see they
ths ) Watch's business to give | Where those men toc k you li guaranice to get
f all | t} ren bach and buried again before morming
adere a ’ intoof all importan “To my surprise she entered into the spirit
ftho It always has done its duty | of the thing heartily. ‘Well, she said, ‘I be
stant itmust not be found wanting now lieve 1 should like it, But you must bury ine
A } \ vp | first, and then dig me up again, just as they did,
" metery tonight and inter) ag agto make everything real
view sexton, but ational Society of Un Reluctantly | assented to this) preposition
takers | tat the Phanix Hotel, | The woman stretched out prone on the ground
i , 5 and od still huamoringg her wildest eaprice Ook
tis imperative that Lbe present, What ! tip several shovelfuls of loose earth and seat
' | ' i roovVerto the graves | tered it over her white dress Lhere 1 said,
a boat 1d only
all the info | het cover») wtiN eeper mow do onls
’ es ie " ieee | have more diffeulty £1: digging you out TT
fal midy else do better when we come back
“ kn antl | The woman actual laughed Ves she
' ' gurgled hean bury ine decp as the sea wher
we come back. for Lil never want te eame out
viting. bat as Powa acai Vhis ts all right now Lin ready
is efforts to ke You may take me upaf you like
1 reputation tor | L dislodged the earth from her clothing and
rer) spread it again over ihe real Viela Harimann s
1 consented tou Tol ograve. Then | ited ber in my arms and we
ws gathering restimed our ghostiy pilgrimage L
wie t k when [drove away This as where we aried from la 1
1 three tr na il she sald Whe we were hee
\ } ‘ >
fr ' A i rhadengaged | avain in the buggy and the horses bead was
wid set out for the Mora turned away from the cemetery We started
emeter ertainead | Here, and then we went on and on and on
) BiG: Pan y. + asserts . ty Can you remember fust which way” [asked
} ofie five miles Oh, yes,’ she said, ‘| know every step of the
t nit midway between two |] way
m , { , . rp
' \ tants had long since hen began the threading of a complex ge
, . bitante had long wince | graphical puzzle which | was subsequently totally

m look tinon the burial ground with more | unable to unravel by the lightof day. Our way
a tt is usually avakened by those mn) lay ina rough, hilly seetion of the country and wea

avale ve ‘ ugh e Arrow th

. . The niehe we londy and quite | Waveled mostly through lanes or narr j
: eo : se : - id ; }used mud roads. So nimerous and intneate
de toby the time dd Passed the Insane | were the windings that L could but marvel at my
A { veral big stock farms beyond it, | companion'’s sense of location Nat once > her

fr Nn earne } woole time did sho seem at @ loss to place here
A Ad steve’, theeountry roads in earnest, I ie if but ain ted me tantly with unerring
she pretty thoroughly imbued with the | correctness Atlast we came to tne cresteofa hill
oof my onmission. Twas not familiar with | whieh seemed to enclose, with the assistance of
tha ref the country aad what with taking ral rnills, a very narrow ' ’

wrong tum in the road several times, and | 1 I have to walk from here,’ said n

ving to retrace my steps, | was delayed consid Ltook ibe gin inn arms aad
} } shod | LE forged anead | " trore tt

vblv, and it was half past @ when [ reached | cee ana tha-wisen tilcaits wile Laee jNk)
the frame house opposite the cemetery entrance, | qyere was a mouse situated in the centre of the
@here EL had been told the seston resided basin The girl alee discerned the habitauoen

. . \ throug wv faint le She une vk we SO
As a beacon to all who might wish to journey le men - . Vel . : a & mn a
wht ! nt ren died ' | na
toward the city of the dead in the silent watches ared she would “a us
{ the night. some enterprising individual bad ‘That is ~ pla ane said " was the rn
where they took me They buried me back «
set o am} y on eithe , i ; ;

Lup two street lamps, one on either side of the | the house under the woodpile, They think Iii
gateway opening Into the seston’s spacious there vet, but such g@raves as they dig can't bold
grounds. Both of these lamps were brightly | me .

Ss growing S's gid in
ir warm glow impressed me mo Was growing ark and ngid
lighted and their warm glow im dome most Week to. far eefoualy tor bat
pleasantly, T assure you, after the deen gloom Come,’ said bo let us not try
of the roads I bad just travelled) 1 bitehed my zl Let me take vou heme,
sed ‘a
horse to the gate post and. hurrying up the path ’ by igi rac 1 ir fina few
' r WAY onto e de rte
sooght admission to the setton'’s house Receive | | tha’ Jane soon led me into
ing no response to my repeated raps on the front | do travelled ore and which
door, went around to the back entrance and re- | ‘ m rag Lexington
i) 1 did not as r imstrin ! then, but drove
newed vy Vigorous pounding But the second | ¢y- ys a ‘ne hi sould thot (ines
sault likewise failed to elicit any reply from | t >t went he poliee station with tl
within, The kitchen and adfoining rooms were | i ‘ ! 1 i or Karis he nest rt
ne oa ivati Wis nile ' !
as dark and silent as the graveyard across the |}, monn cha Hille | ee ae
vas Leven took the pains to grope around the | we " 4! taken wit 1 resistase
' tenat the ¢€ einthe Mf i n
woodshed and smokehouse in the hope of unearth ind mtert y grave intl
“ r wa a aun » pat ! oe] s
ing somebody possessed of a few of the facts which | sured mie she * placed Th pris
Holter was 80 anxious to acquire for the benefit | pr ved to be ing farmers who bad always
d } heen ’ d ” 8! hhe . it
of the Death Watch's readers, but here again I | sid per ly respectable, ¢ with |
} their captur most pititul part of the wi
was unsuccessful | tale caine to lis The chief of the @ LS wha
Phia slight examination of the premises oc- | my strange  companion's — sweetheart Hoth
sere somple contra eople Twing in the neil
ynied perhaps five minutes’ Having been by | * my m Iry peop is ! rh
; Peay & } borh tof the Moravian cemetery On the night
that time forced to the conclusion that there was! of the robbery the voung man had left her earls
nobody at home, I started back to my horse and | in the ¢ ne, giving some fli excuse for his
am ; { wouing. « ‘ wir nfle 0 er “4 ne
buggy ‘The seston’s house was a long, irregue | Ee. 8 om follew ry = m* ‘ he. a "
IsDiaaon na fobho weed win "4 ' wi
lar building, the front of which was only afew | siifered as she tracked i step by step throus
feet from the gate. There was a sort of protuber. | the horrible proceedings of the might neon
ance in the wall that prevented my catching a | ©). le he mught ound her sitting in ’
| buggery. there was dance near her nome
glimpse of the buggy until T stepped squarely out ihe olner members of the family, being ‘
tn frontof the house, which placed me almost with. | of L rtroubie, bad joined the crowd of ple re
or doshe nee lef lone Pr Po)
tu reach of the gate-post. During my absence Pee any bel left a one, had hed
the horse had moved forward to the utmost linit Hs mee Ni a at earn r " eal . uy :
ofthe hitching strap and had drawn the buegrys aa weaning Alek 1h} a for
Hite such & position that the light of both steet | bh \ r a “d We ; ae To was hitched
lamps fell directly across the seat The instant | * ( DORE Ee OA A KR Was hitched
} ! » ‘ rate time ti ibeat hnew #4
}-tepped round the projection of the wall, my | [le sexton Vie Bs Was tte, SHG
j } 1 | littl a \ proper methods ¢ i!
eyes lighted upon the buggy and | beheld a sight Ihe Sere
that paraty me fora moment. ‘There was a | eee ee eek hal e anti

reature sitting therein a creature which common “s bail il she {a ts E y
sense soon told me was a woman Her face was . i ey Pte tas wheal {
white with a fearful death like whiteness, and I Hi De i 1 A site

‘ ( l see even then that she had on grave clothes . roe '
} lant i j astory that raised its reac igh thas i
i vair was black and unloosened and blew 4 be Standing on end t for all know
wildly round her face and bung to her waist ing | May ve Standing on ws ; ’
dishevelled mass ofcarkness. Her hands clutched
theedgee ofthe @bhite fur laprole which she hed | AK Was sO°T OF AMBIDENTRO’S

 

drawn 4 ver her knees. Her deepset dark
eves stared directly at me She saw me as soon |
asl saw ter For awhile beth remained mo
tionles Sie was first to speak

He she iid. ‘so vou've come at last? |
You were gone a long while "Twas no ure to |
flay se lone Theres robody there. Come on |
With nie lon the one vou want

The woman's voice was lugh keved and strident,
butdiscordant thoug’ the tones were they sounded

¥ ears like aweetmiusie, forthev convinced ma
that t was a living woman T bad to deal with |
end nota surernatiral being as T bad, at first |
is) been inclined to beleve Great as was
the reLef imparted by this knowledge IT did not |
éloonce accept the invitation to go with her Mt
last she spoke again |
We she said. ‘why don't you come” I'm
Ured waiting and I'm very cold
t uy the side of the buggy then
isityvou want me to wo” Lasked

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

  

 

 

 

 

 

| the road,

Held Tramps at Bay With One Hand and
Telegraphed for Help With the Other,

From thew gton Post

Sx tramps entered the telegraph

Sout at what is known av the Ales

ern Railway
andra ard Fredericksburg erossing, about Cire
\l. xandria, shortly before 10 k
kil the telegraph
agreed to
train, which leaves
at 11 o'elor This
one of the dastest on
and the operator refused to comply
with the tramps’ demands. Two of them had
come into the office to make the demand, and

miles vest of
last night
orerator

threatened to
James Cox, unless
aud Ohio
southbound

Tpresa,

 

he flay

the Chesapeake
\lexandria
train is & through

    

 

 

   

  

  

     

   

   

 

 

   

 

  

 

 

Bhat] ed pith Tada Ay My i a I ant $8 | when it was refused they set upon Cox and the
Where is your home” Tasked ills other four emtered tho office to assist in the at
She sald nothing. but slowly mised her thin | tack upon the esrrater
me ; ane sr pefnted toward the cemetery When the tramps sprang upon Cox he drew
here? Mh
. . she repiled Where did you | & revolver and a ra from a drawer and held
> " “ Im dead All dead people stay | them at bay At the sicht of the weapons all
! , tsitpnnd out t gotethe dance Wat | drew back, and four of the six fled fr {flee
! no gone a gowhile andi'm very feed | :
a Phave anetion net to go to the dance. after | and disappeared ino the darkness J rs
a ro beck home at onee if youll only | tried to follow suit, but Cox covered th
ta there De you know, here she suddenty | his revolver, made them throw up their ud
tered her voice to am whianer and bent her head | and forced them into © corne Covering the
f ! until her Mack baler brushed my face, | hemmed-in men with the pistol held int {t
i Ales me se tired to night hand, Cog used his right to work hie key, and
telegrevhed to the railroad office ot Mex ’
I wa last night. she said, with | deseribing the situation out in the little ether
iy I had a terrible tlme 1 | miles away m hely
f ' grave and robbed) IT am The instant the sage wos received at .'
Arimar andria the polies nformed and an gine
iy bl cold again at this state was made ready In a few minutes it started
iia ‘nn was the name of the | for the Ao and Fo crossing with Tranimaster
elrl om | iberead now that this wo J 1, Special Officer Parkes and Police
ran Tesnetly with the desertp n board When they arrived at
given meof the deceased h office they found Operator Cox
ne to omy grove last night about with th of Int fives penned ino @ corner
‘ ! enton dn the low, pathetle mono | still covered by his pistol and thoroughly cowed
had rowWassumed. ‘and they fook me out | The prisoners placed aby the engine
. r away off away off. up the road | and taken to Alexandria and locked up.) They
‘ the road and across meadows And | gave the names of Perey Canaday and William
‘ t Ui nto a little house down among | Copeland, and are charred with highwar rol
T bad bracelets on my arms, rings | bery. The country around the tele aph ollice
rs and a long necklace. They tore | was searched by the officers, but no trace of the
; « {And then they put mein another | other tramps could be found
7 t under th the but no, T shan’'t tell -- --
pe ' It Rf on no use for them to Weather Signals From Shewbird Mountain,
" me, even if Tam dead,
A : . tk yme away from home My From the Waynesrtile in. ¢ Courier
ih rime and Pim going to it rene The Shewbird Mountain, four miles south of
1 Youll have to drive me there . ;
town, is to us the strangest thing In (his whole
\ , iviked ono me mind was work mountain country The mountain ts full of
! j , bh, thet she Was) dargee, rough clitfs, and by ite pecuhar shape and
I teal r ‘er than the ses | ‘ASK, ” ‘ fe vig
’ thet ro ereature'™ | position serves as a we r signal to the pe e
r vents af the nre ) for miles aron lL. beva as the gereral saying
' ! al equally plain pas, “when old Shewhird bewins to roar youl may
sine nt in the | prepare for ¢ough weather It gwenere com
* va heen raduettye of | mences about dark nd iinues to roar unl
t the deplorsble | the rain or snow come which may be five hours
fthat she one the possessor | or ait may be ter \t dark the air may be per
, ro thot had thus affected | fectly still and not a cloud in sight, yet the meun
r but stepped fnto the | tain may begin to roar and you may know that
} roup as T could fn | bs the nest rning the bad weather will be on
hand Phough the mountain is four niles awey
Nome wl way fo go. PT eaid | the roaring sounds like that made by a loaded
er that Edo not know whe freight train half a mile distant, and it is @ eon
tinuous s ie with no intermission The
. ’ IM tell won We won't | strangest part of it all ds tthe wind can be
r ent We locked We'll eo | blowing at such a terrific rate on that rucular
i turn into Bennet 4 | mountain and not be blowing any where else in
uw !! we eome to another | the country, not even on the to} of other moun
an \ i tains around, even those that are much ligher
r Ti than the Shewhbird
«4 a |

eres ew)

OUR GREAT FLOWER TRADE,

INDUSTRY SAID
DOUBLED IN TEN

TO HAVE
YEARS,

THE

     

 

 

American Flower Growers Lead the World
m sme Respects Molland’s Old) Mo.
nopoly in Danger American sys.

tem Shown-Specialization in’ Flowers,

For the past six weeks or more in the thousands

of commercial greenhouses now registered: in
this country, plants of innumerable varieties
have been umed for Baster blooming Those

teo forward are set buck somewhat that forming
buds may deluyed Those backward
pushed nearer the w armth and fostered with all
the gardener’s art And all last week at hundreds
of express offices and railroad stations, florists’
Shops and cut flower mission vans and attendants
busy moving the se ason's donations

le are

have been

of spring blossoms

The flower industry in’ this country shows
marvellous expanisen Where, according to the
last Government census, th were 4050) es

 

tablishments for the growing and sale of flowers,
& conservative pow puts the number
at 10,000, "Phere ware more than 75,000,000 square
feet of greenhouse acreage under euliivation
DoW, as against 38,000,000 ten years ago \nd
1 then

estimate

} represente

 

the valine of cut flowers, which

 

 

something over 814,000,000, ts new judg 0
hove reached five times (hat sun, or &70,000 000
A fact that the flowerarrowers pride themselyes

America leads the world
and
wnd flower pieces
London (or

on at present is that
is frequently called upon te
and to Paris, Derlin
wedding gifts and purposes of seciel eongratu
lation the method of packing and
forestalling aceident of ill in transitthat
hothouse flowers reach their foreign desti

if only a day or

hampers and
So perfect i
hisaue
these
nation as fresh and fragrant as
two om the way

This country ts acknowledged to have the best
equipped and most perfectly systematived green
And latels

 

 

     

 

 

 

  
   

     

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

  

 

  

    

 

    

 

 

houses in existence. projects have
been started by American growers that promise
to alter the flower trace, both greogrraphically
and tradition Within a short time a opr
gressive flower grower and hurserysman with
vears of successful experien in the business
has begun te pal id house plants of
rare folingre to bi ul ' ing the Olu World
florists on their own ground, for itis or ince
1Su2 that tt lass of planis ‘ \ dito
ALLY \merica Poday tube
roses } ' i a '
Nortl lexa orelgn
markets and gladiola 0 d W
Jersey and Eastern gree ses are al eX
ported in quantities
The climate a soil of the $ { Washing
ton have t rt t eXceD
tionally fitted fur growing the li !
tified with Bermuda, and the older tr i) mar
ket has now a brisk young rival on the Pacific
coast. The greatest trade development of all
is the fact that the familiar Dut bu tulips
d hyacinth without whieh no s} garden
or window shelf ¢ be lew, a being «
cessfully germinated in th Washington
With all the Hori fndustry and 47 in il
forcing of } has hi r ( nded
for th ris Hier { they r the Phutch bret!
iw ! irl
‘ t ‘ \
j ' ' '
ever 1 rat ‘ i ter
Lloss t ' thorities ¢ shat
America ! | furnish lor
portion of t ip rherself, r !
the Ne Enel s] 11
growine inda
the precaution ‘vortex peri t
deners to tnitiate themints the fF ‘
What may be done in regard ur
new colonies from the florists’ sta yeta
question. Puerto Ri is known 1 rich in
shrubs and flowers and most exquisite orchids
are found in the Plilippines, Since Dewey cay
tured Manila, he ver, the eollector’s work in
the islands has been ¢ interrupted, The
' WAS tow upset to all of flower nt
Hons and it was onl week aro that the |
agent fat au American tf ‘ ”
ar definite respor 0 for bihiy
r is Nad waive flora
lower irt rs classed i Nor \ ’
hivisd of territory, wh en he New
er \ \ nd
" viva ve \
entre of th r trade put er
ure ! uy la \
{ 1! ' i
any oer f ) erd
ois A I 1
‘I no a grea {
thow rowing, os |
rower ther
In the latest esty 1 !
less Sysiem and ec l
For insta tee eriewe '
greenhouses, mos mA) Fopt va
th all with far less help t thstaf fur
days Was wont to ¢ vy ab ve reed
_ n ' i ! 1} '
for tt e cig an ' tw
hatter \ ele g we I
intl it it ! era !
va ‘ ir
, , wn
ioe " ' wr
hed 1 ( } \
spe mop, he
e) ‘ ' ‘
prints b ept ' v '
“ " ' ! 1 ry
' ' ‘ ! ‘
‘ h ‘ A hie i 1 f
| ‘ "
| } ‘
ary \ ! ret
reyris'e \ '
\ ! ‘
» ' \ ' er
ne ' { ‘ ‘ {
yay wy !
I } perl i 4 j
in the growmtog of « tu
‘ ) bvirag tower g ‘ boivers
sa are | , wn tha \ om
vatem takest) ” Then tothelorigh: A ,
! the CAL OXery ' ' '
J ars ' Whites
The cre bride Ww ear
nilre ener devoted
ix contrived « neerye
b { the “ar h and *
' ! at Cn lak _ ' r
to can contrive ' ‘
parts of J pe that e the sun en b vd
there ave b ising {! V ng oon tt ay
of the American
The 5 } reenhonses find
reads ' i he Nr lean
public pere We ' ¢
fortably we {! peopl) and ther r irty mal
Hionaires now to ever me there Vay tweet
vears aro, the maerit f them «db
do things on a liberal sea! the ma
well bouquets and baskets of flowers al
large returns to the florists, Fvery
or stage favorite who crosses and ree
ecean carries a wealth \ 4
f Iwill And the trad andt perous
brokers and business + mit sending
flowers t men friend nkeoe Vovare
revarding the formula as auite ! and
quite anmart from Vv romanti rseoation with
the recipient
On the theory that there can never be too much
ofa 1 thing the florist is often commisstoned
to duplicate bouquet. althouch in different
flowers. each mor  thatt lady is at sea, 4
perpetual reminder of 4 ! Wishes that will
" ro destina ix r «The
{steward of the > share in the profit
ister rt flori-t pend ther
his wares fres aid ¢ nthe bea

the flower Industry at large

 

spectalitts tn

 

 

   

 

    

 

 
    

 

 

 

   

   

     
   
 

all departments of flower growing Vie with i"
Panether in producing novel specimer { their
favortts In commercial cir nl pecialization
obtains The sweet pea “ hited in the
| ind charming Varieties grown in California
is an ins * that State having robbed Fngla id
of her prestiwe in ewe wa eultur \ Western
woman has lately brought the ordinary petunia
to the highest pite f size and coloring, One
man becomes an authori on the dehiia and
learns allthere is to know and tries infinite paing
taking experiments with that brilliant flower
Another cullivates altogeihercarnations, another
ses, Another panel \ number «f societies
and clubs for the dev nent of e several
flowers they fav rhave been lately founded on
anenduring basis «nd the prizes put up forthe
best ep ; ‘ awtth ann Pexhibits ite 1 ut ad
by a Varied membership Some priz re offered
by wealthy women wil t flower growers
but are ons + fostimul interrst
Prohably the . 4 ous instance of
wer ts own sab int Practiont age
PXNisis ! {1) me JOUPIE nhl od
for the amateur gar er On one page a Massa
‘ ets mil naire will set forth i riginal
drawing and desctiption the perts and properties
{ the peculiar orchid development in his reer
house Another issue will contam ¢ ntr ten
on ferns from a wealthy woman istrated by
| photegraphs from ber own fernery \eain an
enthusiast write f the Japanese nts he has
f «ad and tended in person and another lei ly
ely hints on vine culture garr
his own expenence = It ts ir moun
t) dig in the soil and so great has
increase in private gardening that a
prominent flonst now maintains a regular in
sce Office for supplyme estate owners with

@| land the

 

competent gardeners and foetering the gardener's
trade in this country From seven t rhit ap
plicants a dav are reg stered Ther ul the
Interest jn flowers spreaduig

 
 

is

 

   

seedamen attribute growth in their business to
the number of toreign tradesfolk and laborers
who have done well in’ America and demand
flower seeds to plant the first thing after setling
Into homes of ther own, The cut lower growers
and commission men say that the Greek pedler
has done much to create a love for flowers among
the maseés Pittsburg, oston, Chicago, New
York, all have these Greek and Ttalan peddlers
selling Howers at low rates along the thorough
fares and bringing directly to the people a sense
of pleasure and beauty that previously they had
hot thought of} Manufacturers with spare land
about their factones are growing flowers and
offerme prizes to ther tenants tor the best prod
eta from their dooryards, The State hort
cultural soceties and public gardens help spread
the infection, and one city atleast has a practical
farm established by broad-minded tw fathers
for traning boys to be competent gardeners

"There is good reason to predict that (Le United
States will soon rival all other nations im the
extent and value of ber flower industry, 1 being
only thirty years since the trade took on any
proportiona a@t all, previous to that Ume being
represented by a few florists in New York and
Boston, growing a very Hmited supply of roses
aud camelas for an uncertain patronure

SHIRTS AND SHIKIWAISTES,

The Immense Business of Making Them,
With Special Notice of Cincinnati.
From the Cincinnati Wnquirer,

In the past hall dozen years in Cincinnati
there has sprung up from asma!l beginning
an industry that is of greater importance than
even some of those engaged in it themselves
are aware, Ttisthe wholesale manufacture of

shirts
Six years ago the making of shirts in Cin-
cinnati was of not enough importance toclatin
aplace inthe list of enterprises that engaged
attention and capital ofthe men of this pre-
eminentiv manufacturing city. Now, the oute
put of shirts by exclusively wholesale factories
in Cineinnatits suMicient to bring this city up
in rank along with some ofthe famous shirte
producing centres of the country. Of course,
Troy, N. Y., still holds first place as a shirt.
making point.

Cincinnati and Chicago are the largest
makers of shirts in the West, and the growth
of the industry in Cincinnati has been so
marke that itis more than likely that it the
flunres were obtainable the Queen City would
not only Jjead the West, but march up inthe
ranks ofthe Fast as well

Ofall the shirts made in Cincinnati there are
no White shirts turned out by the favtories, At
first thouwht this would seem to limit the fleld

forCin hirtmmanu turers, but such is

‘inmatis!
not the case. In the past few years,
come

ent with the increase in the industry in

 

  
   

 

almost

 

 

 

 

 

 

Cincinnatifroma «mall toa large one, the style
has chatwed great ind where there were ten
white shirts worn formerly there is ona worn
pew. Tn other Words, the ratioof colored 3
to white ones now word is about [0 rer
The ea for the change in the style
traced to the fact that the old-time flannel
Regiige shirts beecamo a trifle old-fashioned,
nh giving wavtoashirta little more dressy,
they were r wed ty an article from whiel
the step toa still bos was a short S 2. 4
colored shirt could | worn in the summer,
why not inthe winter also?
Phe cause for the fact that Cincinnati makes
no white shirts ia easier totrace, It ia due to
the simple fact that white shirts in large quau

 

be Jaundered In Cincinnan to
iteness and immaculate spot

asness that makes a dress shirt
for the eye and perfection of good

titles cannot
deg of w
ness and tint
such a rest
dressing
Cineinmatir

       

kinds of shirts as far

lakes all

 

         
 

 

 

  

  

      
       

is the elasa of people for whom they area
inte goes, From the bigher-priced stitt-
hos j cotored shirts downthrough the Iipe
f rot that kind to the su

" bosomed neg! hirts, the outy

' on! Y 4 “ mnall parts

j y. Mos ¥.} )

wut \ tors " it e
though » thre rsa ffs to
hiateh s ne f the ) : w rts, and
nea A f thos inteaded= ff sale in this
part of the country and the Mast, have separate
‘ irs and cuffa, while the South, on the other
hand, requires a lar@e onmber of shirts with
the 0 irs and eutts honeg a ‘hat , Theres
ire aiso made in Cincinnati a great mony
Works naginen’s shirts and flannel sh The
kinds of goods most largely eed in shirt.
making tn Cincinnati madras, | anil
heviot, a large amount of such gs ng

imported and of the finer qualities,
There faa branch of the shirt-emaki
ness in ¢ ‘innati that is of m rm

   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 

   

 

  

  

veloproent than the rt bus ness it i
that isthe making ¢ ats ares
two cor ! n tt " vir
ntire plantaand the ive
try Oty ufaeture 3 " uv
them usedtobea irer ehirt
Vhe abirtwaist tne sa im ng dl lb differ
ent from the making of shit Being tor
garment stead of ar niler, t r th to
eputon th than « is Sty.es «
" ranid winlonore ra \ In i
' thir to-day Ney wre i yl}
! t Tast aeason s ste ! |
thay This » na it “ \
a ahirtwalat with «a t
} ‘ nite w \ t ’ ha
\ , Peni t els
hada t vear gar nt so'd her, 1
there is mucho t one ono
shirtwalst, more omot t ra f t!
King o’one, and a liaghe t ef
Pher 1 two oc! es of ehirtwrist wash
tists made of ail sorts of aie t
teroass of silk and’ such mater hat wv
sh. One coneern in Cir vi dey ts
vtothe m ngof fine waists ox
at th therto the aKINg of wl gee
both elassea The shirtwaist t war t
‘haseometostay. Pt ois agsinu t
tie f wearing apparel a8 aot
This has heen recognized by Cincinnati eas
t tthat is y e ies are ba ’
our this pile ot wearmg apparel thar ar
pretty w " ksoeineh pretftie fal
mat Ist about as pinin
rRoMW Tile HORR POtt OF TTP,

Contidence of Ultimate Srecess Pxpressed

   

 

ina Bargher's Letter
\ brit | jiler Woa nat Vr
rohor ves j tier dat
’ } 20. and written toa ' ’ Ww
Yur rest nhoft r t
r ye bs intof View
oo ea
{ r letter ted Dee. 20 } i“ v9
ae 1 st ret from tl ront! i !
excorting pr r
a“ the r
Praw }
burgher '
vay, and thoug
hes sueeeeded it
comniissaratd traty
and about $0
Kimberl ha
‘! In, Gen. Both 1
Gen. utlers forces back with hea ise
each cece and we believe the relief ef Latl
nuth ts almost impossible Nhat the war will
proba last six months longer is likely enoug)
bot, from what T have seen and know, we will
hot tre in the str », and every day lon

   

the flelhd makes us ure competent to inflict defeat
- enemy

“The guns incident vou refer to — he
carelessness on our part Our men were s r
fident that Ladysmith was completely cowed that
thes never anticipated such an event happen!
buthaving been once bit.th litde |

 

   

 

  
 

eos vers

 
   

 

hood of such a thing happening again. Ladys
smith is approaching its end and another »
should herald ite dowr 1 Our enyrineers are
hard at work constructing a gugantic dam, aud
diverting the course of the Klip iver whiel
through the town, will be in @ position to (ood

place toa depth of fifteen feet

“As regards the future of the Republic it seeuis
to possess every possibility of success tis well

   

that the war did oecur Our position will be all
the more secure for the future. and the intolerable
interference of the Colonial Office and the Uritts

Government in the internal affairs of this stat
wi efor all timé impossible If the war bring

us thing else it will not have been waced in
vain. LutLem sure thatit will mean more than

  

' ae

 

and that in the days to co

 
 

 

wi * looked upon by the nations with that estecin
and respect which is hers by right of her prompt
and cotrragecus action, One vere heartent

sign is the presence in the burgher ranks of all
nationalities, the Insh and Americans being

largely represented, but the Frenchman and the
German and the Hollander and Italian are there

  

also, anditaltlhetns to the breaking down of ra |
antipathies and kes for the international
solidarity of all. Everwthing is full of hope and
we ere certain that we are going to emerge from

(hits Atrugile all the better for its happening
Arthur Lyneh is here and leaves for the Tuge
front in a day or two as Colonel of the Se id
’

Irish Coma. No doubt you will hear of him whe

 

 

 

 

 

there happens to be more fighung Would we
had a few hundred more like him! It would make
the struggle all the easier. Hut in spite of all
difficulties ‘we will atrive Our conmmissariat
and other arrangements are excellent, and it
speal volumes for the heads of departiuients
{ everything has gone on withot warcely
a single biteh

T) Boers are spoiling the pri taken
by their kindness, and [ean assure y that |
have heard from the lips of prisoners taken, that
they were really glad te be out of the war. for
they had no heart in it. One prisoner whom |
eaptured at the Tugela said to me on my dis

arming him that he had a brother with the soldiers
and was sorry that hia brother had not
also en Meanwhile there is scarcely a
single case. {f sickness in our laagers, and every
man is ready as he was at the beginning of the
war On the other band the camps of the soldiers
are full of sick and many are sick of the war

The Woman's Page
of the Sunday Sun and Tur EVENING Sew pre.
sents a fleld to the advertiser of ladies’ anp-
Nes that has never heen offered before,
he quality of the matter of Interest to
women makes both papers desirable as udver-

1} }
vat he

 

been ta

The j Using mediums,—Ady.

——————S

————

DOMESTICS AND MORMONISM

MORMON ELDERS MAKING CONVERTS
IN THE KIICHEN,

 

 

 

Evidence That Many Domestics From
Protestant Europe Have Become Pros-
elytes -Scareity of Servants Attributed to
This Cause—Skill of the Missionaries,

Por the past three years the large cies of the
East have been the scene of the labor of Moruon
elders, Who have sought converts to Mormonism
in kitecheus and at basement entrances, Great
numbers of pamphlets have been distributed
by these elders among the women who are in
cluded in the army of domestic help. A careful
luvestigation has been made among the agencies,
and | ularly among those which act for
woinen that come to this country from Protestant
Burope. ‘Tho result seems clearly to establish
the fact loug known to many bousekeepers, that

Swedish, Norwegian, Danish, German
English women have deserted housework
aud gone to Utah The exact number of pros-
ely tes cannot be given, of course, but those who
have been in @ position to study the matter, de
clare thata very large proportion of the unmarried
Protesiant female domestc servants bave been
converted to Mormonism and taken out West

Reeontly such an esodus of this kind occurred
in Chicago that the newspapers of that city de
clared that there was a famine of house servants
and no relief could) be obtained. Various. rea
Sous Were assumed and Some of them were plaus
ible enough, but what is beliewed to be the real
one Was not mentioned, ‘Tbe elders of the Mor
mon Chureh mught have eaplained the matter,
for scores of young women went out to Cte from
Chicago at one time ‘The conversion of these
servants has gone on quietly aud been managed
with sSkUL In fact, no Generals of modern umes
baveecurtied on campaigns in the field with greater
ability, tact aud energy than have these elders
who have gathered their recruits from the «itehens
of the laud, and left the country with them se
creuy and sdently

Occasionally @ mistress has come upon & pame
phlet relating to religious matters, gonerally
printed on poor paper, ia poorer type and rarely
clean or attractive, in make-up. The majorit
of these pamphiets have had such titles as “A
Friendly Discussion upon Heligious Subjects,
the seeming harmlessness of which has not tempted
Investigation ometimes tracts entitled “A \ owe
of Warning and Instruction to all People,” bas
Deon seen in the hands ef servants, but beyond
weastonal discovery of this sind, people gen

arth

many
anid

 

   

an
ly have been in utter ignorance of the work
ve done in the cities among servant gins by
weouts of the Mormon Church One observing
woman whe successively hired) three Swedes

ind rooeived from all the same explauation, that

 

they were it ty be married, was amazed to
" that the same man proved to be the ad
hiter of two oof her cooks This fact dawned
on her when he was seen in conversation with
the thord serveut Hie passed as @ brother to the
vrd, fut suceeeded in inducing her to give up
jheor pla Unsuspicious, and concerned more
for th mfort of her family than the welfare of
the help she engaged, she did not investigate the
r ws WIN her for their leaving, nor did she
s to dissuade a airl from marrying if this rea
' hoe preteat for departure
( ever Woman who happened to be in the
basement of ber house alone one afternoon an-
we la ons to the street door and there
,young man whore appearance was that of
a countr ! whose manner showed a fe-
tr tt perience in his bustiess, The
“ s apron led him te conclude that

 

   

 

 

     
 

 

 

   

    

 

 

 

 

 

he king with the cook, and he whisperingly
ja rifshe would read @ lithe book he would
| lend her, aud det him come and talk with her about
itsomeume’ Then, before wattng for her reply,
he said
IL wouder its ire a Catholic”
Heing reassured on that point he smiled con
fidenudv, and with a show of renewed interest
j said that he would lend her another litthe book,
t he would call good, and he {she would
| both ‘Therennen he handed era volume
of weket size, and }ound in vivid red
‘ tt looked barmless enong a lid the
} i pamplilet he also gave her. The man
eagerly tiquired when be micht call, and was
told to come back one week later, He did so
j and was met before reaching the basement bell
} by amemberof the house! 1 wl varned bim
} to leave and return ore kven after an ex
Pamination of the book which proved fo be one
| or { id it f the Church of the
late \ « 3, sl 1 not realize that her
| ’ is Mormon elder, nor did she suspect
) denomination might have con
t verted berla ko who was a young and strong
wet a we from Sweden
ther | eh discovered in the mail
box a circular advising the reader to send to 4
loertain address for books, traets and sermons,
at wkiog the reader to wet the book of Mormon,
whicl iad be had for a nominal sum, atan ad
dres iven Handing the cirenlar to her servant
enoltced that the latter recognized the subject,
ind hastily put it notinto the fire but into the
al x ubsecuently this same woman found
a her printed documentin her kitehben, giving
lowing deseription of the Salt Lake Temple,
Lake € ity \ poorillustration of the
idee ! tt erre
' scomplaints bave been made by house-
1 f prese in their kitchens of “fol-
vid endle ve been the discussions
‘ yetriubof them without losing their
\t nonotes have been compared
| rm. it heen found that many ser
\ ‘ efitheirplices on pretex's that were
rivinl a bear the stamp of untrothfulness,
f increased wages did not avail
' ep the
he problem of domestic help. diffleult enough

 

ry rich, has become
ras been introduced
i ence of the preaching
f rtd nd wheir bright pletures of an in-
ndent their converts in the West,
prin yonest farmers are deelared to be
inge for wi come to them, nothing avails
f nar servants is, perhaps, easiest
to the Mormon faith. but all grades
entotives among the converts. And,
the proselytizers, it may be said that

    

 

 

   
    
 

 

in
he nvertold and young alike, although
they dor “re revecthers than the voung, and to
t tthe mfddle aged, togo to the West
\ faithful servant to a family in New York
serned her mistress that she would lose two of
help and told her that they were going away
yeet married Being encouraged by the confi
dene of her old servant, the mistress asked for
particulars, and learned that the two girls had

 
  
    

  

 

 

heen converted by a Mormon, and, producing
nx ocard, the servant said that she had his name
ad tess The name was that of an elder,
‘printed add s was Ogden, Utah, and there
WAS & City ad S$ written in one corner of the
utd (in the baek of the card were the thir-
teen art of fa of the Mormons or Latter
Dav Sainis As} ieted, both girls gave notice,
aud, determined to test the sincerity of their con-
rsion, their mistress offered them both a larre
inerense of wages to remain in her service. They
would net stay, th hh they did not at first te.
fuse the tempting offer made, nor would they
( “ »they were goimetolive Neither would
thes as raan reason for leaving
Phe ty lasses of domestic help not affected
by this new factor in the servant problem are
"! Irish Catholics and the colored servants,
In no instance vet heard of, has a Catholte been
i enced, even by the glowing promises of an
independent home and a husband
The servant converts are gathered together,
it is seid, at several headquarters, one of which
is in Geroeupoint, and here they remain until a
petty is made up, and thew journey West At

is end af the jine they have an easy tUme of
it, except that thee must remain under the watch.

ful care of the elders. They have no responsi-
bility bewond placing themselves under the con-
trol of those in authority over them, and their

fortunate situation influences others to follow

their example and join the Mormon Church,
Whether the Catholic clergy are aware of the

onversions being made among servant girls
not known, but itis not likely that they have

!

I sledgeof the success of the elders of the Mor

1 ornganizauion

nestic help te
they d

and attribute the dearth of
the rightful cause, Certain

steonecern themselves with the sub-
have no uneasiness regarding their

 

those attentions have been called to
of the elders among the servant girls
investigated the matter find that
iccess is more marked among sery-
t girls than any other class of working wo-

 

u
and wt he
jie their

 

wl

 

 

'
avn they do not confine themselves to this one
cla They frequent the small stores where
young women are employed and seek to know
women Who earn thelr own livings, particularly
the poorer paid wage earners. Their quiet per-
sistency, and unvaryingly patient attitude w-

aids to their success, and they
tously, Some of the elders
irage to band their pamphlet
streets, carefully selecting the

“ ard Women are
proselytive
h 1 the cx

to women in the
“ "They aceos
h the religious aspects of this matter house-

 

 

wwe hac

 

keepers are not concerned, they are accustomed
t re Catholics and Protestants indisermminately,
and do not bother about the religious convictions
of thelr help. Hut they are concerned in the
economic view of the case. If the Mormon. elders
are to wet all the Protestant servants, where is

Every servants’ agenc
Jersey City and the surround:
ains of the exodus of servants
ess to fill the demand = From
South colored help is being sent
Men and women cooks fromthe
» engaxed before they start North, and

me from
ty

the supply to¢
in New York ¢

ing towns
and lL are pow

com
nh

  

 

   

   

wages for bevond the figuras paid them at home
re pr mised The supply Wf colored help will
not be suflicent, it is declared, and the demand
for Ini ervants JS so great that wages have
heen g¢ up steadily for two years. It ts said
that farce numbers of voung women will come
from lreland this summer tw take employment
as do.nesti |, doubtless, women from other

 

countries will be Induced to come by represen ta-

tions made to then by agencies here
The demand for house servants is universal
and all over the country complaints are heard

 

A the dearth (hat exists, The Mormomelders
have worked so successfully that, it is asserted,
they are to be credited with the changed cond
tions in domestic service, and they have worked
s shrewdly that their proselytizing was not
netics lit had made great headway

kre England comy fewer domestics every
and the work of he Mormons in England

 

SPASOTL

is said be the cause) Many English converts
to the Mormon Church pass throuth New York
n their way to Utah nit it is becoming more

0
dificult every day to hire English servants,

 

THE ONLY THOROUGH COMPLETE ANNIHILATOR OF

 

Bed Bugs and Black Cockroaches.

 

dance
BEETLES,
KvuGs,

or with @
about thelr haunts
in one or two appiications will be compicte
with packages.
Is the most extensively advertised
of its kind on the face of the globe
reliable that never falls nor disappoints, 7
thing that will permanently aunililate Bed Bugs.
BED Buus, Berries, WATRR Bas, Et

of
Wood and
ANTS. RATS,
Rats, though polser

very effective
with a pound or soof mashed bolled potat
oaf of finely erumbi

HLach

Ma«

Is sold allar

us
say

 

 

ae

1 bread, ort

 

WATER Bias, Bei
Mick, ete, Rough «
f ed with eare

 

box care

OR DESTRUCTION and complete rid

COCKROAL

b

    

Eveu the hatdier Black ¢

und?!
the

beware

 

of

Picton of any dealer offering substitutes said to be as good
size in cardboard boxes

DON'T

may tr
reparation upon whic

PXPFRIMENT

“Hold on to that
y to substitute something said t

i they can make a larger progt

AoW out also for imitations

terminator of #° hugs

es

 
  

25¢.
4¢ Oruggists.

|} ROUGH ON ROACHES
Gruggists, or sent by mal fo

 

An effectiv
E

world
west Known a
It gives satisfas

“hey

whieh ts good.”
yb ,
Rough on Kats

Aside from the Ratand Movuse feat

aoe

Roaches and Ants

 

U.5.A.

 

\
YY
‘ Nyy,
£.5.WELLS, Chemist,’
JERSEY CITY, Nd.

S. WELLS, Chemist, Inventor,

 
   
   

Gray Hair.

Wells’ Hair Balsam is

NOT A DYE,

But gradually restores gray hair to
original natural color, black or brown.

Contains

50c, and $1,00 bottles.

no oil
sticky or miuussy

nor grease,

Is

Se

Mantr

A

yous remedy for
tLLs, Chemist, Jersey |

>
SS

 

not

At druggists or prepaid by express on recelpt of

price.

z.8

 
  

Wells’ M

Kills lvy Polson

severe, whalever the sourer

Spider
of modern times,

c

Mosquito and all insect bite
4

e
ir
Itch, Salt Rreum, |

or ca
felons, earbuneles, bolls, burns, sea

“
{

er

WELIS, Chemist, Jersey City

Re

18S,
|

nT |

and Prop

“ear

w

     
    

L

SQuITO
5
Horst:

liv '/
bly i)
lows
H ins f
[ Ban in ga
#
(Mee: -

  

LC
Pe

HAY HAIR 2

 

Xe 7 TACK
ro

AND

ine ft

alee

ipso
wches

y aunibitated
Is used by all

it
dha

don't d

It stands unrivalied tnt
lruitathy |

and 2oe¢

good as
hast
ire, itis the
OU boxe

Jersey ¢

(
OR

5 ETc,
4 *s

 

  

>. 9 7 a"
INT We o9) son pre ot
ac

jou every
‘inthe t

R

ROACH

id re

 

  
   

retin
\" re

beotle Wood or Water
for ed Bugs, ete,
civilived nations of the earth.

he tare
tn

 

vets
radestr

sives, in wooden boses.

Ka
for

gh

 

ity, NW... U

ROUGH

ec TS,
INS cnke.

 

SRIGINA

oy
ws.
oe

 

 

 

evior

ON’
E

wh Coe

1%
699 UC

 
    

ug

   

wdered sugar and plaee

weot any artlel

y where

) ‘The ob
and itis the onl

ol Kats, Mic:

Hav

 

ers

ts

   

kroaches,

  
  
 
   

         
 

 

4 CSLOR,

at

le of Healing Powder

a sus
$1.00

Have a suspletonof any dealer who
possibly some
purposes intended,
obly permanently effective ex

250@

 

inederer

nt

ur bea be Oe

wns,

ke,
eat

%

se

Pee Pw