apy Sit

  

CHASE AFTER AGUINALDO,

 

MAJOR MARCH'S REPORT OF ATTEMPT
TO CATCH THE FILIPINO CHIEF.
The Insargents Driven From Their Strong-
hold Ia the Moantains and Gen. Del Pilar
Killed—Ageinalde Three Days Ahead in
tbe Mountains Whea the Chase Ended.

\Wasm@ron, April 14.—-The War Depart
ment made publie to-day @ report of the efforts
of a battalion of troops under Major March of the
Tutty-caird Infantry to intercept the eacape
of Aguinaldo in northern Luzon early last Deocem-
The report also describes the engagement

soitied in the killing of the Filipino General
Groporto del Pilar. Major March's command
had some very daring work in the mountains,
partot the fighting being across high gorges and
in most difficult passes. He had been ordered

Gon. Wheaton to go to the assistance of Gen.
Youcg, and was later directed to try and inter.
cept a part of the Filipino forces which it was
believed was guarding Aguinaldo'sescape. Major

March says

\t Namacpacan I found Gen. Young's column.

Gen. Young for reenforcements. Here
| peved up & detachment of mounted scouts of the
Thirts third Infantry under Capt Cunningham
wo had been operating with Gen Young. Dur-
ng the march | found in almost every town letters
from Lieut. G.llmore and hig party of naval cap
Uves, or inscriptions in the prieons, from which
I learned cf their passage along the same route
to the north Gen. Young informed me that
the Insurgenta had an intrenched position at
‘Tagudin, on the bank of a river, and that tho num-
her waa said to be 1,700. The morning of the
27th I left Namacpacan for Tagudin and entered
{t without resistance, the Insurgents having de
camped the day before. Gen. ‘Tinio was said to
be in command, with 600 men. I rested for the
night at Tacudin, and overtaking Gen. Young
at Sevilla, Lwenton to Santa Lucia, where! halted
for the night.’

Nia,or March next received orders to march
from Candon into the mountains, for the purpose

of interpoeing his force between the force with

Aguinaldo, commanded by Gregorio del Pilar,
at Cervantes en route to Bontoc, and those with
Tinto in the province of Abra. Major March
reports that the maroh from Candon to Tila Pasa
was without inci@ent. He adds

“Vhe trail was very narrow, the entire command
having to proceed in single file up the mourtains
‘Tila Pass is 4,440 feet high and the rise is ex-
tremely rapid. ‘The trail winds up the Tile Moun-
tains in @ sharp zigzag. ‘The enemy had con-
structed @ stone barricade across the trail, at a
point where it commanded the turns of the rig7ag
(or # considerable distance. This barricade
vas loop-holed for infantry tire and afforded head |

ver for the insurgenta On passing on beyond |
lingey the advance waa checked by # heavy |
fire from this barricade, which killed and wounded
several men without having its position revealed. |
| brought up the remainder of the command at,
4 double time, losing two men wounded during |
ihe run up. On arriving at the potnt, 1 located
the insurgents’ position with my glasses their
fire being entirely Mauser and smokeless powder

by tue presence of an insurgent officer, who showed
tin elf freely and directed the ure. On pushing
joroard tae number of my men who were hit in-
crea. so rapidly that it was evident that the
position could mot be taken by a tront attack,
wi (ue trail only allowed the men Ww pass one ata
tine
wveral hundred feet deep Un its Nght, as we
faved it, Was @ precipitous mountain, which rose
15u0 feet above the trail

\cross the gorge and to the left front of the
barricade was @ hill, which, while it did not
permit of dank fire into the barricade, commanded
ihe Weil to it rear, and this point 1 occupied by
ten sharpshooters in command of Sergeant- Major
McDougall He lost one man wounded on getting
to the top and when there rendered most elective
assistance. then ordered Lieut Thomp-
kins to take his Company (H) and proceed back
on the trail to ascend the slope of the mountain
under cover of a slight ridge, which atruck the
face of the mountain about one hundred and fifty
fee, from the summit From there he had 4
straight-up climb to the top, where the men pulled
themselves up by twigs and by hand. ‘The ascent
took two hours, during which the enemy kept
an incessant an
by rolling down swnes on our beads. When
‘Thompkins’s men appeared upon the crest of
the hills over their heads, he had the command
of two other trenches which were constructed ta
th? rear of the barricade | have described, around
a sharp turn in the trail and which were also
held by insurgents. He opened fire upon them
and [ charged the first barricade at the same time
and rushed the enemy over the hill We found
eight dead bodies on the trail and the bushes
which grew at the edge of the gorge were broken
ond bloodstained, where dead or wounded men
fell through. Among the dead bodies was that
of Gregorio del Pilar, the General commanding
the insurgent forces, | have in my pusseasion
his shoulder straps, French field glass,which
gives the range to objects, official and private
Papers, and a mass of means of identification.
[he insurgenw’ report of their losses in this
fight is Hfty-two, given to me alter I reached
Cervantes My loss was two killed and nine
wounded, Lieut. ‘Thompkins and the men of Com-
pany H deserved the highest possible credit for
‘helt perfurmances in getung up the mountain
in the flank movement; it was exceptional in
e@very way.

‘\guinaldo was reported at Cervantes, so I
made « forced march to that town, arriving there
at 630 b M. I placed twenty-live men under
Lieut True to held the pass, and also to watch
f mountain trail which emerges from Bontoo
and by which Aguinaldo might possibly escape
h% the north, At Cervantes IT learned that the
force at ‘lila Pass was a picked force from
Aguinaldo’s bodyguard, and thas it was wiped
pul of existence, Aguinaldo, with his wife and
two other women and @ handful of men, wero
ving in the convent at Cervantes, perfectly se-
cure in his belief that Tila Pass was @n iinpregna-

{r
rom

Toe battalion had bean sent out on @ request |
|

Un the ieft of the barricade was 4 gorge |
|
|
|
|

accurate fire, which they varied |

| tr. Following their publication Gen.
willim

 

ble povition; it was the insurgents’ Thermopylae,
Voon learning of the death of Pilar, Aguinaldo
hastily gathered together his effects, and with
tw of his women cn horse back and his wife in
Siitteer carried by Ignorrotes, left the town, I
wrvel in the evening of the 3d and spent the
ith in resting the men and sifting evidence of
his whereabouts. A large number of Spanish
drisoners were abandoned in his flight, and from
their (ales and those of natives, I located him as
passing through Cayan

Ist outon the Sth for Cayan, with a picked
force of 100 officers and men who were the least
exhausted by their long march and the fighting.
Tho ral begins immediately to ascend and ors
Sraizht up until « height of 0,000 feet is reached,
Toon arnving at Cavan I was met by two astatf
offeery of Gea, Venacio Concepeton, Aguinaldo's
chief of stall, with a letter proposing an interview,

 

With the suspension of hostilities in view. I told
hs officers that there could be no suspension of
hostilities, but that if the General and his staff

Wanted tocome in and surrender! would guarantee
them good treatment and would consent to their
proposed interview at 3 P. M. He came fn and
turrendered and was sent to Cervantes under
Charge of a muard. A number of the men were
Dow exhausted by the climb to Cayan, ao I weeded
out the command again and set outafter Aguinaldo
Withelehty-six men, All this time I had nilv

ing on the country, paying or giving receipt for
what I took. I now got Tato 4 country which
Produces very little besides yams, and Jn which
the rehing wna extremely severe, However
ished on to Baguen, near Bontoe, where I found
NAlives hostile to Aguinaldo, and learned that he
bat gone on through the town of Bontoo to Tulu
en. evidently making for Bauaug and the road
') Havombong, three days before. He was gain
‘ng on me with fresh ponies and bearers, and with
Nis party unincumbered. I therefore rounded u

Vie Spanish prisoners throughout the region anc
returned to Cervantes. The number of prison-
ers released was 575, including 150 friars.”

  

 

 

Receipts at Havana Custom House.

Wasnrnoton, April 14.—The Division of
stoms aniinsular Affatra at the War De-
Dartment gave out for publication to-day the
satemant that the receipts at the Havana

‘ston House for the first threes months of
)OO were $3,126,313, as against $2,348,888
or the same period of 1h, The Import-
oce of the statement lies in the fact that the
“mbarison shows an inorease for the three
Youths of 14) over the three montha of
“''olS777.425. Aa the quarter mentioned
ules the shortest month of the year
‘e'ruary- with only tweaty-two working
piys.the receipts were remarkably large. The
* ruary receipta were $437,632, whilo those

 

for March were $1,006,2

 
 

Appointments by the President.

‘SHINGTON, April 14—The President to-
day Sominated the following to be Surgeons in
hé Marine Hospital Service: Passed Assistant

Qurceon Rell M. Woodward of Indiana; Passed
’ fant Surgaon George I, Vaughan of Vir-
f a ail Vasned Assistant Surgeon Thomas
> Verey ¢

W

rl EY Of Georgia,
tare Co otion yeaterday of Asatstant Secra-
Wa Cort lyou to be Secretary to the President
trom «| to-day by the announcement
num the White House of two other appoint-
t's a8 flows: Benjamin Barnes.of Penn-

vee 'o be agsistant secretary to the Preasi-
oe" and Rudo ph Forster oc Virginia to be
“ve oerk tothe President,

’
Movements of Naval Vessels.

Wastivoton, April 14—The flagship Chi-
84g and the cruiser Montgomery have left

Aranham, Brazil, for Bahia, where they will
ea ined by the training ship Hartford. which
aled from Montevideo

a

a

  

Se

ENATE PROCEEDINGS.

4 Number of Bille Passed Incleding 64 Pes-
ston Bille in 66 Minutes.

Wasntworon, April 14.~In the Senate this
morving @ resolution was offered by Mr. Mor-
gan (Dem., Ala.), and wae agreed to, calling on
the Attorney-General for a report (with all
correspondence) on the subject of the distribu-
tion of the receivership fund of the Union Pa-
cifle Railroad Company with the grounds and
reasons for the Government's agreeing to auch
distribution under which the Union Pacific
company received $4,600,000 and the Govern-
ment only 12 per cent. of ita claim,

Mr. Berry (Dem,, Ark.), appealed to the Com-
mittee on Privilegesand Elections to make &
report, proor con, on the joint resolution In-
troduced by him some months ago, or on that
just passed by the House of Representatives
proposing toamend the Constitution so as to
have Senators elected by the people. He did
notthink that there waa any question before
the American people on which there was such
4 large majority in favor of the proposed
change.

Mr. Chandler (Rep., N. H.), chairman of the
Committee on Privileges and Elections, sald
that since Mr. Berry's resolution had been
referred to it the committee had been con-
stantly engaged on other subjects; but that
now that the proposition of the Senator from

Arkanena had been reanforeed by the action of
the House, the subject would be taken up and
acted on by the committee, For himeelf he
was not in favor of it.

The Qnay case was taken up and was post-
poued till Monday next,

The Alaska bill was taken up and an amend-
ment {n relation to mining laws at Cape Nome
was offered by Mr. Stewart (Rep., Nev,) and
was discussed by him, in the interest of free
mining, until 3 o'clock, when the bill went over
without action.

All the private pension billaon the calendar,
84in number, were then paased in forty-five
minutes, These other bills were passed:

House bill to extend to Green Bay, Wis., the privi-
lege of immediate transportation under the act of
June 10, 1840, was passed.

Senate bill to make disposition of the increment and
accretions of the fund received on account of the

Ayment of the awards of the Inte Spanish-American

Jatms Commission.

Senate bill appropriating $200,000 Ng @ public
Duliding tu Great Falls, Mon., was passed,

House bill to amend thecharter of the East Wash-
ington Heights Traction Company.

ouse bill giving to tha Court of Claims jurledic-
tion of the claim uf Jeronemus 3. Underhill for fur-
ther compensation for the monitor Moduo.

Senate bill fixing the number of Appratsers at
Philadelphia and Boston at one, with 4& salary of
$4,000, instead of two at salaries of $3,909 each.

Senate bill to provide an American register for the
foreign-bulit steamship Garonne, owned In the State
of Washington.

After an executive session the Benate ad-
journed till Monday.

 

 

 

Bille Passed in the House.

Wasarxaron, April 14.—In the House to- day
Senate bill was passed anthorizing the Secre-
tary of the Interior to “preseribe rules and
regulations for the procurement of timber and
stone for domestic and tndustrial purposes, to
be used only tn the Indian Territory from
land belonging to any of the @Five Civilized
Tribes, and to fix the rates of royalty to be pala
therefor, and to collect the same for the benefit
of sald tribes,”

Mr. Kors Rep. Ill,), acting chairman of the
Committee on Naval Affairs, gave notice that
on Monday next he would call up the Naval
Appropriation bfll for consideration.

The fifty-three pension bills favorably acted
upon by the Committee of the Whole yeaterday
were passed, and Senate amendments to sev-
eral House pensfon bills were concurred in.

 

 

THE CUBAN CENSUS.

Statements Sent to Gen. Wood to Ald Him in
Forming Qualifications For Voters.

Wasenrnaron, April 14.—Secretary Root and
Gen. Sanger completed to-day thelr examina-
tion of the final drafts of three statements of
the Cuban census. These statements do not
represent the entire work of the census re-
turns, but have been spectally prepared for the
information of Gen. Leonard Wood in forming
qualifications for voters in the island. Coples
were mailed to Gen. Wood this afternoon and
by direction of the Secretary of War will be

published in Havana before they are made
public in the United States,

This part of the census is regarded as the
most important at this time, as it is admitted
that the queation of forming quali!ficationa for

votera at the coming elections in Cuba is avery |

difficult one, An ideaofthe difficulty presente:
can be gained from the fact that the census

| statements sent to Gen, Wood to-day show

that not more than 15 per cent. of the na-
tives of the faland can. read and write. It {a

thought that this will prevent Gen. Wood from |

imposing an educational qualification on the
voters, ae it would practically bar about 85 per
cent. of the entire population of the isiand,
Secretary Root said this afternoon that hea
had not received from. Gen. Woodany report
as to the number of Spaniards who_ lave
elected to preserve thoir allegiance to Spain.
He hal cabled Gen, Wood forthe toformation,
but did not expeet It for several days, as it
would taketime to hear from the many in-
terior registration offices. It ia expected that

Gen. Wood will receive Gen. Sanger’s census |

returns by Wednesday morning, and wil! prob-
ably arrange fortheir publicationin Havana
on Wedneaday or Thureday. He will telegraph
in advance to Gen. Sanger the day they are to
be publishedin Cuba, and Gen. Sanger will
then make the statements public in th Bgoun:
oo

mediately arrange for the elections that
are expected to be held early in May.

The New Minister From Stam.

Wasnixaron, April 14.—Phya Prasidohi, the
new Minister from Siam, has arrived in Wash-

{ngton and will be presented to the Prasident
next week. Ho was an attaché of the former
Siamese mission here in 1887.

 

Kentucky’s Governorship Case and the Su-
preme Court,

Wasnrnoton, April 14.—A writ of error to
the Supreme Court has been granted by the
Court of Appeals of Kentucky !n the Governor-

ship case, and the clerk of the Supreme Court
was advised to-day that the attorneys inthe
case would be here on Monday to docket the
writ and ask the court for an early hearing.

 

To Bevive the Canal Bill tm the House.

Wasnrnoaroyn, April 14.—Representative Hep-
burn of Iowa, author of the Nicaragua Canal

bill reported to the Committee on Interstate
and Foreign Commerce, is circulating a neti.
tion tothe Commirtea on Rules asking for an
order to consider the bill. He secured the
signatures of 7 Republicans and 100 Dem-
ocrats yesterday and to-day.

Army and Navy Orders.
WasHINGTON, April 14.—These army orders

were issued to-day:

Major George S. Cartwright, Quartermaster, to ad-
Aitional duty as Chief Quartermaster, Department of
Matanzas and Santa Clara, relieving Major Willam
H. Miller, Quartermaster

Transfers in the Second Infantry: First Lieut
Frank H. Whitman from Company Gt Company es
First Lieut. Paul H MeCook from Company H to
Company GW.

Transters inthe Third Infantry: Capt. Frank B.
Me Coy from Company G to Company C, Capt. Robert
H. Noble from Company C to Company G, First Lieut

Hamilton A. Smith from Company Eto Company G, |

First Lieut. Chauncey B, Humphrey from Company
G w Company BE

Major Harty Cavenaugh, detailed as Professor of
Military Science and Tactlesat Girard College, Phila
deiphia. ‘ i

Capt. Charlies H. Watts, Fifth Cavairy, from Jet.
ferson Barracks to Forts Sam Houston and MeIntosh
and other posts iu the Department of Texas, neces-
sary for the purpose of collecting property of the
Fifth Cavairy

Acting Assistant Surgeon John S. Fogg from San
Francisco to Columbus Harracks

These naval orders have been {ssued:

Passed Assistant Surgeon S.G. Evans, from the
Marblehead when out of commission to the Inde
pendence

Lieut W. W. Buchanan and Lieut. W. V, Bronaugh,

to do duty on the Vermont

Paymaster >. L Heap, from the Baltimore to the
Oregon on reporting of relief

Paymaster £. li. Rogers, from the Oregon to the
Baltimore on reporting of relief

Lieut. . €. Smith. order of Aprtl 9, detaching from
inspection duty under Bureau of Equipment and to
Solace revoked,

Lieut. C. AE. King, from the Buffalo to temporary
duty on the Solace for passage to Asiatic «tation

Lieut. J. F. Luby, to duty tn charge of the engineer
department of the Buffalo as relief of Lieut, King

deus. JON. Piekrell. from the Solace to Mare Island

spital for treatment
Biicue P. W. Hourtean, order of April 12 to Solace re
yoked; from Marblehead to Lancaster for duty as nav

ator with all despatch.
i arard Assistant Paymaster H. L. Robbins from
the Marblehead when out of commission to home and
walt orders,

Lieut P. N. Olmstead, from the Iowa to temporary |

on the Solace for passage ty Astate station,
Thor c N Offiey, order 0 the Twelfth detaching
from Marblehead and to Soluce revoked: from Marble
head when out of commission to the lows,

These changes of officers on the Asiatic station
have been made by Rear Admiral Watson: Lieut. I,
M. Nulton, from the Concord to Bennington, Lieu
tenant-Commander C. A. Adams, from the Balt!
more bo the Oregon; Medical Inspector G. E. M. thar
mon, from the Baltimore to the Oregon; Lieut. Wo
Hannum from the Yokohama hospital to the Yo

seraite: Lieutenant Commauder G. B. Ransom, from |

Jalttinore to home, Lieutenant-Commander W
nN’ ite, “fron the Baltimore to the New Orleans
LieutenantCommander A, MecCrackin, from the
Oregon to home; Surgeon F. B. Stephenson, from the
Oregon to the Baltimore; Lieutenant Commander F,
H. Eldridge, from the Oregon tw the Baltimore,

 

  

DAY-LONG GARDINER TALK,

PECKHAM AND UNTERMYER AT IT
OVER THE MARCH PRESENTMENT,

 

Peckham Disputes Col, Gardiner's Right to
Attack a Presentment as if It Were an
Indictment — Untermyer's Precedent — No
Decision — York's Offer to Grand Jury,

All day yesterday counsel argued before
Judge Foster inthe General Seasions on the
District Attorney's motion to have expunged
from the records of the court 60 much of the
presentment of the March Grand Jury as
reflected npon him, Wheeler H. Peckham,
representing the Attorney-General, objected to
an order allowing the Distriet Attorney the
opportunity to Inspect the minutes of the
Grand Jury bearing on the presentment, He
insisted that the Attorney-General should have
been notified of any application to Inapect the
minutes because he represented the people
and that Asa Bird Gardiner, merely an indl-
vidual in the proceeding, # self-constituted
defendant toa presentment which he did not
have to answer and against which he did not
have to defend himself, had no right to euch
Inapeetion.

Mr. Untormyer anid that Col, Gardiner had
the same right to see the minutes as any per-
gon under Indictment had to see the evidence,

Mr. Peckham then drew a4 distinction be-
tween evidence and minutes and explained at
great length the difference, Mr. Untermyer
laughed, and Judge Foster sald that he did not
know of any public interest that was saorificed
by the granting of the order. He asked
whether the District Attorney would be In-
jured if the order was vacated, and Mr. Unter-
myer said that he did not object.

The order was vacated, and then began all
over again an argument to allow the District
Attorney access to the minutes. Judge Foster
reserved decision, but allowed the minutes to
be filed for the purpose of the discussion.

“Here {9 a great mass of fudtecriminate
testimony,” exclaimed Mr, Peckham, “We
must decline to discusa the papers so filed.”

The minutes of the Grand Jury were turned
over to Mr. Untermyer, Argumeut on the
main question began with Mr. Untermyer’s
contending that the Grand Jury had received
advice from persons other than their legal
adviser, even requiring the District Attorney
to leave the room for the purpose of receiving
Dr. Parkhurst’s advice. VPage 123 of the
minutes was read, as follows:

Juror—How would you suggest that we proceed in
this matter {n order that we may obtatn satisfactory
results?

Dr. Parkhurst—In 1492 the same question was pub
tome and | advised that an indictment would not
Dring the best results, I advised @ presentment.
PoliUcally the results are immense

“Your Honor may remember that in 1892
there wasa wave of reform which has aso
been called a dissemination of vice.” sald Mr,
Untermyer. ‘lhe Grand Jary of Kings county
at that time made @ presentment against
Mayor Booty, and he employed Gen. Tracy to
institute proceedings to have the presentment
expunged, Argument was heard and Judge
Moore granted the motion and the presente
ment was struck from the reeords, Your
Honor understands that the question before
you is neither unprecedented oor novel, The
order toexpunge does not mean that the pres
sentment is to be torn to pleces, that the court
records are to be mutilated. Theorder to ox-
punge will atill leave it on record, but the
court's disaveowal of its welght and truth will
alao go On record.’

The lawyer went on toargue from constitu.
tional and other authorities that a present-
mentand an indictment were the same, Ane
other extract from Dr, Parkburst’s testimony
waa read as follows:

Mr. MeIntyre—Doctor, aside from Capt Thomas's
case, isthere any evidence particularly within your
knowledge about which youcan testify showing an
om'tssion of public duty or the commission of any
offence against public morals on the part of any
public official?

Ur. Parkhurst—-I have atated second-hand knowl-
edge hearsay. I have no personal knowledge.

Mr. Peckham declared that Col, Gardner was
convicted out of his own mouth, by the letters
attached to the presentment, of insincerity and
subterfuge.

“The evidence upon which this presentment
was found can never be brought before your
Honor,” said Mr. Peckham. “It never will be
brought before you, It is impossible to du-
plicate here the conduct, manner, hesitancy
suggestion, innuendo upon which the (irand
Jury acted as it saw and experienced them,
Until you have such evidence before you as the
Grand Jury had before it you cannot, if you
would, excu!pate the District Attorney, The
corruption and vice existing inthis city are Bo
evident that no sane, honest man questions

their existence and there ja no better proof of |

an officeholder’s culpability than his assertion
that he does not know of the existence of that
corruption and viee.”

“Ia this an anti-Tammany argument ore
legal disputation?” interrupted Mr. Untermyer,

“Does the cap ft Tammany 80 weil?” rejoined
Mr. Peckham. “Lhe presentment simply eon.
tends, and ‘he recorda now say tuat there is an
omiseionof anything to show that the District
Attorney did anything to correct the conditions
that flourish to-day. I4 criminal law 60 de-
fleient that when a District Attorney fale io
his duty, is an obatructionist rather than an
aid, he must be borne with?

Deci-ion on the motion vosreserved, Onthe
argument it wae stated that President York of
the Police Board hadiappeared before the Grand
Jury and, waiving al: legal rights be might
have with regard to answering questions tead-
ing to incriminate or degrade himself, urged
the Grand Jury to examine him as fully as
they wished to for the purpose of developing if
possible the foundation of corruption atories
published by the papers, and particularly the
story ofa “gambling commission” which the
publishers of the paper [taj neared tn assured
the Grand Jury they could not corroborate of
any personal knowledge

  

 

PPUT HIS CASH IN THE ICE BOX,

Was the 13th of the Month and Michaelson
Knew Something Would Happen to It.

Henry Michaelson, who keeps a aaloon at
Bleeckerand Crosby etreets, reported tothe
pollee yesterday that thieves had stolen $28.75
which he had placed inthe ice box, The money
was intended forthe bartender who opens the
piace early in the morning. Michaelson sald

that he believed that the thieves had concealed |

themseives tn the saloon on Friday night,

“When the lcemin came into my placeon
Good Friday,” Michasisun said, “and handed
mea billnumbered 1313. 1 remembered that
itwasthe Lith 9°
would happen. Now [’va got it in the neck
right off. That ts what 13 did for me.”

LOOK
al the

Facis.

Mrs. T. Dolan, of
Madrid, PerkinsCo.,
Neb., writes: “Ig
was cured of painful ga
periods by the use J
of Dr. Pierce's Fa- :{g
vorite Prescription, 4°
and his ‘Compoun
Extract of Smart-
Weed.’ I think Dr.
Pierce's medicines
the best in the
world.”

Mrs. Carrie B,
Donner, of Dayton,"
Green Co., Wis.,
writes; "I can high-
ly recommend Br.
Pierce's Favorited
Prescription —- hav-
ing taken it for nine
months previous to
confinement. I suf-
fered scarcely any
compared with what
I had at other
times.”

“I suffered fifteen
years with female
weakness and nery-
oustiess,”writes Mrs,
Vincent Bohall, of
Franklin, Jolinson
Co., Indiana. "One
year ago I began
taking your ‘ Fayor-
ite Prescription’ and
‘Golden Medical
Discovery.’ I took
six bottles of each
and now I am well.
I owe my life to Dr.
Pierce,”

 

  
    

 

} commencing Oct. 1 at 1.06 mills,

April and wondered what |
| any kindof fish or game within our boundary line
leas residents of this State may lawfully take |

} expend $300,000 to Improve that

 

| many years in Brooklyn

THE SUN, SUNDAY, APRIL 15, 1900.

 

CATHOLIC BISHOPS.

 

NEW

A Censistory to Be Held in Kome on the 30th
to Make Appointments.

Wasminoton, April 14.—Information has
been received atthe Papal Legation here that
on Friday noxt, the 20th {nat., a “Consistory”
will be held at Rome by Pope Leo for the ap-
pointment of new Bishops in the United
States. This will prove interesting news to
the clergy and laity of several sees, enpecially
those of Columbus, Ohio, and Savannah, Ga,
which have been vacant since last summer.
Atthe coming Consistory it ls expected that
the members of the Congregation of tho
Propaganda de Fide, whose province 1s to
make these episcopal appointments, will pre-
sent several well-known pastors’ names to the
Popo for his official indorsement.

According to private advices received in
Washington the name of the Rev. Dr. Henry
Moeller, Secretary of the Archdiocese of Cin-
einnati, will be favorably considered for the
see of Columbus, while that of the Very Rev.
Dr, Benjamin J. Keiley, Vicar-General of the
Diocese of Georgia, will be indorsed for the va-
cancy at Savannah, Both these appoint-
ments are practically the unanimous choice of
the prelates as well as priesta of the Cincin-
nati and Baltimore provinces, It is generaliy
the case that the lista of candidates for vacant
seesaent to Rome by the Bishops of American

rovineeas conflict with those forwarded by the

‘Irremovable Kectors” of the diocese in which
the vacaney oceurs; but tn both the above
cases the leading clergy has coincided in the
nomination by the Bishop, and thus simplified
the matter, while expediting the appointments,

Few persons outside of clerical circles are
aware that until a comparatively recent date
the selection of new pretates devolved alto-
wether upon the Bishops of the different prov-
inces themselves, who, after the death or
resignation of an tneumbent, send ao list of
three eligible candidates to Rome for Papal in-
spection, On this account some of the ape
pointmentea made in the past were unsatis-
factory to the priesta of certain sees, and at
the third p'enary council of Baltimore, held in
November, 1884, a decree was passed empow-
ering the “Irremovable Rectors” of each dio-
cease to have u voice in the matter and to
choose thelr rulera_ without interference
from any source. It may be added that
these rectore in every jpriadiction are sime
ply priests who by conciliary legisiation have

wen permanently placed in control of
certain churches, owing to their expert paro-
ohial work; and when they unite in naming
candidates for a vacant diocese they always
voies the sentiments and wishes of their
brother priests, Since the last council fave
them this privilege the “Bishops’ liste” have
sometimes antagonized with those of the
Posate A notable occasion having occurred in

kA, when the choice of the prelates of this

province for the vaeant ree of Wilmington,
Dol., was thwarted by the clergy of that dios
cess, whose candidate, the present Bishop
there, was appointed after not a little friction
aud excitement. Drs. Moeller and Kelley were
ordained priests in Rome. although natives of
Cincinnati, Ohto, and Portsmouth, Va. re-
spectively,

POACHER MORTALLY WOUNDED.

 

Shot by a Game Protector's Deputy While
Drawing a Net in Irondequoit Bay.

Roowester, April 14.—Benjamin Jones was
shotand mortally wounded !n a midnight en-
counter between poachers and game protect-
ors at “Oklahoma,” on the shore of Irondequoit
Bay, Jast night. A caron the Glen Haven road
brought Jones to this eity this morning and he
ja now lying at the Homeopathic Hospital with
4 bullet in his chest, which the physicians have
vainly tried to extract,

Encounters between poachers and the game
protectors are cf almoat nightly occurrence
along the bay. Last night Game Protector A,
D. Wellman, and John Bufford and John Lock-
hart, his duputies, placed themselves on the
watch. Oklahoma is near the point where the
bay opens into Lake Ontario, and the fish pass
through the shallow outlet in large numbers,
Wellman and Bufford learned that a net had
been set there, and the officers rowed ailentiy
out through the reeds and secreted themselves
nearthe bank. They soon heard another boat
approaching and the moon showed them that
{t contained two men,

The poachers were eo busily engaged in

drawing the net that they did not see the of-
cers until they were close to each other. Jones
stood up in the boat, andthe officers say that
he seized an oar and struck Lockhart, and
then hit Bufford on the head. Bufford took up
arifie from the bottom of the boat, and point-
ing itat Jones told him todrop the oar or he
vould fire. Jones aimed another blow at
sufford, and the deputy shoved the oar to one
side and, alming straight at Jones's breast
shot him down
Villeneuve, surrendered, and the
man was taken to the shore. The net was
drawn out of the water and Jones was brought
tothiacity. Villeneuve was taken before a
Justice ofthe Peace and held, Jones's father

' was a famous f!legal fisherman in hiaday, and

hie son has carried on the business all his lite-
time.

The Injared man’s wife has been by his side
all day. In hia ante-:nortem statement he says

that he did not strike at any one ol the depue |

ties, butthat Bufford fired tn eald blood out of
revenge. Joneasays that Kufford and he had

a quarrel! last Sunday, and that Bufford threat- |

ened to shoot him. Mra. Jones verifies thia
story. Shesavashe begged her husband not
to goout pouching that night, for she feared
that Buford would eatch him and kill him
The deputies have in many instances been
poachers and for some motive or other hava
agreed to go back on their friends and assist
the ofleers. John Lockhart,
boat with Bufford and Wellman, lives on Clair-
mount street and Bufford lives with him,
Lockhart ia Mra, Jones's stepson. Bufford
formerly boarded with her. She says that her
husband and he were partners tn the owner-
ship ofaill net. They had a quarrel and Buf-
ford went to live with Lockhart, The Joneses
say that he owed $4 board, ao they kept the
net. Shesavathat Bufford went on the expe-
dition merely to kill her husband. Bufford has
bot been arrested.

Bills Signed by the Governor,

Avnany, April 14.—Gov. Roosevelt has signed
the bill fixing the tax rate for the fiscal year
Other bills
signed were:

Four billsof Assemblyman Morrison's, establiish-
ing a hospital at Lockport: appropriating $8,500 for

aculvertin North Tonawanda: creating the office of |
the Loekport police force, and appro- |
} priating $2,590 for a canal drain tn Middleport |
Senator Elisworth's, providing that on our north-

doorman o!

ern water boundaries, including the Great Lalas and
the St. Lawrence River, no non-resident shall take

un
the same kind of fishor game in the waters within
the boundarlesof the place where such non-resident
lives,

Senator Elisworth's. appropriating $75,000 for a
canal bridge in Lockport at Pine and Lock streets,

Senator Mackey's, providing that except In New
York and Kings counties a Supreme Court trial
Justice serving outside of his home county shall be
entitled to $1 090 for travelling and other expenses.

Senator Mitchell's, authorizing New York eity to

Park setapart forthe New York Zoological Society
when the society shall have raised or expended
$200,000 for similar purposes

The Venerable Father Creighton Very Nl.

Rivennxad, N. Y., April 14.—Father Patrick
Creighton, the pastor of &t. John’s Roman
Catholie Church in this village, is very ill at
the parsonage. He ia SS years of age, and is

the oldest prieat in the diocese, He served
He isa member of the
Black Thorn Club of the boroughof Brooklyn.
‘Two weeks ago he was stricken atthe altar
while at prayer. He completely collapsed and

' was carried out of the church by members of

Since then he has grown
now his recovery is

his congregation,
steadily weaker until
doubt ul.

In Memory of Deacon Robert D, Weekes.

FesrOnaxnor, N J., April 14.—A handsome
m mo ‘al won !low has been placed tn Trinity

Congregational Chureh, Fast Orange, In mem-
cry of Robert DD, Weekes, @ deacon of the
church,

 

“Tr

* Breaks up”

Spring Colds,

Grip-Influenza.

MANUAL OF ALL DISEASES SENT FRIE.
Medicine
Hie sure to get

Humphreys’ Homenpathic Co., Cor.

Witlam & Joha ats, N. ¥

HUMPHREYS’

SSS So a Ss SSS SS SSS SSS SSO

Jones's companion, Basil |
wounded |

who was inthe |

wtion of Brong |

THE JENKINS-LORD FEUD,

IR. LORD'S BUTLER ARRESTED FOR
BEATING A TURKISH RUG,
Sanitary Cop Was Hanging Around, Ho Says,
to Make Trouble--Sequel to the Charge
That Mr. Lord's Horses Kick in Their
Stalls and Keep Mrs. Jenkins Awake.

Health Commissioner Wiliam T. Jenkins,
@ brother-in-law of Richard Croker, and George
Osgood Lord, who Hive next door to each other
in handsome houses overlooking the Narrows
at the foot of Bay View avenue, Rosebank, Staten
Island, are still at odds, The latest incident
of their differences was the arrest of Mr. Lord's
butler yesterday afternoon by @ policeman of the
Richmond Borough sanitary squad, who charged
him with violating section 119 of the Sanitary
Code in beating carpets and rugs in such 4 manner
as to be a menace to health.

Mr. Lord ts @ shipping merchant at 85 South
Willam street, Manhattan, and is a member of
the Produce and Maritime exchanges. ‘The trouble
between the two families started over a year ago,
and a4 ten-foot board fence, which both families
say has nothing to do with the case, separates
the two places. There had been a snowstorm
and the snow was banked against the fence on
Mr. Lord's premises. It meited and Dr. Jenkins
raised 4 protest as the water flowed on to his prop-
erty. He started to dig a trench, so it is asserted

by Mr. Lord, in Mr, Lord’s yard in order that suoh
Water might be carried off in the future, Mr,
Lord characterized this as a high-handed pro
ceeding and stopped the work. Afterward, Mr,
Lord says, he received complaints from Mra
Jenkins thot the smoke from burn rubbish
in his place annoyed her, as did the dust when
his carpets were ten. Mra. Jenkins made
spemain’ to the Hoardof Health alleging that
Mr. Lord's horses kicking about in the stable kept
her awake nights and allected her health.
complaint was taken up by the Health Boar
and Assistant Corporation Counsel Henry Steinert
prosecuting it, Mr, Lord hae retained counsel,
ust the matter has not yet come up for trial.

Mr Lord says that for a week 4 policeman of
the sanitary ecaad has been watching hia place.
This the officials of the department deny, saying
4@ policeman was there only one day. When Lr.
Jenkins saw the officer he went to Assistant Sant-
tary Superintendent John L. Feeny of Richmond
pe rough, 4nd told Lim to remove the policeman, so

sald.

Sanitary Policeman John B, Idlet waa outside
of Mr. Loni’s gate yesterday and as eoan aa Mr,
Lord's butler, Edgar Cathorn, 19 yeara old, got
well started beating a Turkish rug, Ginensions
6 fest by 9 foet, he was arrested by Idlet. Yr.
Lord Intends to make the proceeding 4 test case
as to whether he may beat his own carpets In
own yard, he saya. He dors not aes how the duat
could get Into Dr. Jenkins's house yesterday,
as there are sixty-five feet between the houses.

“Why, the Jenkinges were beating thelr carpets
to-day,” Mr. Lord sald yesterday, “and I don't see
why I shouldn't be allowed to do the same.”

ALL READY FOR CUBAN PAIR.
The Entertainment That Is to Begin at the
Metropolitan To-morrew.

All the arrangements have been completed
for the opening of the fair in ald of the orphans
in Cuba at the Metropolitan Opera House
at 8 o’clook to-morrow evening: Gen. F. V.
Greene will make the opening address and 750
boys from the public schools under Frank
Damrosch’s direction will sing patriotic songs
accompanied bythe Brooklyn Navy Yard band,
The festival will continue for one week.

The booths have been arranged to represent
nearly every nation In the world, and women
dressed in the costumes of the various ocoune
tries will be in charge of the booths with ate
tractive things to sell. On the Fortieth street
side near the proscenium arch wil! be the Hol-
land booth surmounted by a big windmill, and
on the Thirty-ninth street side will be a Chi-

nese pagoda with real Chinese women Inaide
ready to sell things to visitors, There
will be a reallatic waterfall on the stage
seen throngh the nuval arch, and on the
atage also will be the Indian reservation, the
Japanese and Swise gardens and other booths,
The Mexican and [talian gardena will be near
the centre of the main floor, Many varieties
of Mexican foliage and plants have been put in
the gardens under the direction of Miss Allo»
B. Babeock and Mias Sally M. Tucker,

The various rooms about the bullding will
contain intereating things for viaitora, The
assembly room will contain the studio and the
Colonial tearoom. In the latter, Co ontal
Dames will serve tea, and some valuable paint-
inge will be sold in the atudio, Mrs Kingdon,
the mother of Mrs. George Gould, has given a
polo pony, valued at $1,000, to the fair, and ft
will be awarded to the most popular New York
elubman on Saturday night, after the votes
have been counted, Each ballot will cost

“William T. Wardwell acknowledges the fol-
lowing contributions to the Cuban Orphan
Fund to date:

From purses throughout the United States.. 51.79
PRE GOMOD oi 64455 cpecnnegences $009990008 B3.A4
From private todividuals.........eceee eoses 1,161.88

als Gireasiisis aor eigexiii tii $2,006.76

HIS TRIP TO EUROPE POSTPONED.

Bendix Lost Eight $100 Bille After Playing
Pinochle With Friends.

Leon Bendix of 114 Second street was to eall
for Germany this week, but is Iikely to post-
pone his trip as he lost $800 early yesterday
morning after playing pinoch!e with his friends,
Ernest Bornheimer, a saloon keeper of 35 First
avenue, Charles Herder, @ walter, of 168 East
Houston atreet, and Eric Gurkin, a cook, of 47
First avenue. He caused the arrest of his
friends, an’! when they were arraigned in the
Yorkville police court yesterday he said that he

had eight $100 billa in his waistcoat pocket
when he sat down to play pinochle In Born-
helmer'a piace. Atthe miod-ap of the game hae
displayed the $8), ‘They all had drinks and
he started for home. When he arrived there
he miased hia money and thought some of his
friends had taken itasa joke. He went hack
and accused them of taking it. They thought

| he was playing a joke on them and laughed at

him, but they saw he was In earnest when he
caused the'r arrest.

Each of the prisoners asked Bendix {n court
if he suspected him of having stolen his money.
Beudix answered No in each instanoe,

eet did you have them arrested, then?”
asked Magistrate Mayo.

My money ie gone, and I don’t know what
became of it,” replied Bendix,

The Magistrate discharged the prisoners,

HISPANIA LOST A SFAMAN

And Five More Went Overboard Who Volun-
teered to Try and Save Him,

The Hamburg-American freight steamship
Hispania, which arrived yesterday from Ham-
burg, was storm-battered al! through her long

voyage and lost a man inthe tumulrin mid-
ocean on April 4. He was Fritz Ludweigheet,
ab'e seaman, who was standing aft near the

‘ rail when the crest of acomber came over the
Senator White's, amending the charter for eities of |
| the seeond class by enabling Syracuse to establish a |
| Sinking Fund

quarter and carried him overboard, The stip
had just enough way on to keep her head to
the swells, and Ludweigheet was seen for
several minutes by his shipmatos struggling in
the waves. Viveofthem volunteered to save
him and launched a lifeboat. Just after it
cleared the ship's side it was struek by a heavy
sea andcapsized The fivamen were rescue!
by lines tossed to them from the ship. By this
time Ludweigheet had cisappeared

Benefit for Wellesley 's Endowment Fand.
During the year a determined effort has been
made by the Alumnm of Wellesiey College to

Hquidatethe college debt and to establisha
permanent endowment fuud. This work has

received new impetus recently from the liber. |

ality of John D. Roekefellar who has given

$100,000 toward the endowment of the college |

upon condition that the existing debt, amount.
ing to about the same sum, is eance,
June next, Much interest is telt, therefore, by
the fricads of Welleaiev in the entertainment
forthe benefit of the endowmenr fund to be
held at the Waldorf-Astoriaon Monday even
ing, April 28. The programme consists
origina! monologues by Heatriee Herford with
music by Franz Kultenborn

Court Forbids the Buliding of a Pter.

The India Wharf Brewing Company yeater-
day secured trom Supreme Court Justice Jenks
a permanent injunction restraining the Brook-
Jyn Whar! an? Warehouse Company from con-
atructiun@aperin the Atlante Basin adjotn-
ing its nroperty, It contended that the cor-
atruction of the pier would eutit off from pier
room to which it was entitied under certain
ceeds

 

Former Banber Cole Pleads Gafity.

Bostox, April 14,-Ex-Preaident Charles
Cole of the Globe National Bank retracted his

plenofnet @nilty thie morning in eonrt and
pleaded wnilty on three counts, Heis on trial
for misappropriation of the bank's money.

A Danghter of the Late Winchester Britton
to Wed.

It is announced that Miss Mabe! L. Britton, a
daughter.of the late Winchester Britton, once

District Atterney of Kings county, and Mr,
Roderick Prentiss Fisher, both of Brooklya,
are to be married.

led by |

47 Nt

Tired and Overstrained Nerves’ are

  

<i)
AN
N

Seer st
a=
SN

aS
SN
A

SS

i)

PS

oe

SS
FS

7
Ae
i

a Sa og A Ae

'
I

 

Given

Strength and Vigor by

Paine’s Celery Compound.

The Spring [ledicine.
M. Elizabeth Messick, Emerson Institute, Mobile,

Alabama, writes:

“T was very weak and extremely nervous.
I declared the first dose of Paine’s Celery Com-

prescribed tonics to no avail.

For several months | used

pound made me feel better, and was laughed at, but the Compound brought me
the desired strength, and in the fall | returned to school.
“Lam now in the Home Missionary Work among the Freedmen of the

South.

pound,
the spring.

Never one year could | have finished without Paine’s Celery Come
At home we have a large family and use the Compound constantly im
We owe much to your medicine.”

Paine’s Celery Compound makes nerve fibre,
nerve force restores the bodily health.

 

FPALLOWS'S CODF BILLA.

Governor Gives a iearing on the Measures
Regarding the Supreme Court Calendars.

ALBANY, April 14.—Gov, Roosevelt gave a
hearing to-day on Assemblyman Fallows's two
code bills, providing that causes on the pre-
ferred and genera! calendarsin the New York

 

City Supreme Court shall be tried in the order |

of thetr issue, and that the calendars be pub-
lished in the law journals for the tnformation
of the attorneys interested. Mr. Franklin
Pierce of New York city appeared in favor of
the measures, No one appeared? personally in
opposition to the bills, though Gov. Roosevelt
sald that he had received jetters from Supreme
Court Justices Henry KR. Beekman and Edgar
M. Cullen, as well as the New York City Bar
Assoeiation and Cephas Hrainard, against the
the bills, all declaring that the Judges’ control
of the calendar should not be restricted, About
thirty letters had been received from practia-
ing attorneys, including Mr. Frank Moss,
counsel to the Mazet Committee, in favor of

the bills, ‘The Governor will communicate
with the New York city Judgzes and several
prominent New Yor! ty jawyers be’ore he
takes action the bills

The Governor has postponed from next Tues-
day unt!! the following day at noon the hearing
on Benstor Pord’s bill providing that a sum
mone tssuingout of a New York city municipal
court shallonly be served by regularly ap-

pointed Marshal

The Rey, J, D. Kennedy Ml,
The Rev. J.D. Kennedy, rector of St. Mark's

Epfseopal Church, Will amsbureg, ta eritieally |
iil with pneumonia, at his home, 85 Keap
6treet, He became il! in the early part of last
month while arranging forthe funeral of the
Rev. Dr. Haskins, his pre leceasor, On Thurs-
day his life was despaired of, but during the
night he rallied, tle was very low last night

   

CABINET DID NOT RESIGN

AMICABLE AGRIEXMENT REACHED OW

GEN, WOOD'S POLICE COURT ORDSR.

He Makes a Concession in the$Trial ef Libel
Suits Two Clvil Judges to Sit With the
Military Officer at the Head of the Court.

hespatch to THE BUN.

April 14 -— Governor General

Special Carle
HAVANA,

| Wood's order increasing the powers of police

courts -resulted in an extra meeting of his
Cabinet t The newspapers this morne
ing stormed against the whole order, They
not only objected to the clause referring to
false statements or libels, but they objected te
the make-up of the court itself. They alleged
that it was aclear case of one-man power by
the military authorities and @ violation of the
principles of the Spanish law,

The Cuban members of Governor Gengral
Wood's Cabinet seemed to have the same kc
They requested the Governor General to ca
aAmoeting ofthe Cablaetin order that an o
portunity might be offerad to discuss the
matter, According to rumor the entire Cable
netintended to realen because of the order,
Tiut, as usual, pgblic gossip was wrong, an
after atwo hours’ talk with the Governor Gene
erntan Arm/loable settlement was made,

the original order stands except in certalg
eases, novabIy those involving newspapers, the
prosecution of which remains in the police

»-day

 

court, but two Cuben Tudeea from the evi
courte will sit with (he Army offleer at the he

of the court to render judgment in these
eases. Injured persons will thugs secure juse

tieapromptiy The people attll feel that the
ssa ahould not be controlled bya single Army

 

leer

Gieu, Ludlow sailed for New York this morne
ing on the steamship Mexieo. There was
reception at the Palace before the Gene
started. Many Cubans were invited but few
attended, Most of the newspapers expr

g@reatsatiafaction at his departure and sever
Micetings were held at which there were dee
monstrationa of joy

 

  
     

ey

   
  

CLEAR

vor

smoke it.

  

  

Pe eee ae

lala,

HAUANA CIGAR
La Fernandina is a cigar of unusually fine quality and

without question the best selling, most popular clear
Havana brand on the market

Sold at all leading cigar stores and hotels.

According to size, 40-15"°20-25c.,

MICHAELIS & LINDEMAN 459 Broadway N.Y.
BERNARDO STAHL & CO., Makers.

 

     
  
 

    
  
   

See ik }

DINA

      
 

Gentlemen of refinement

    
        
  
 
  

DISTRIBUTORS,

 

   
  
     

   
    
  

;

a

A 8
if
A
}
7
i

ome