THE ISLE. OF THE WINDS,”

 

byY 8S. KB. CROCKETT,

Copyrtoht 1899, by §. R. Crocket!,

SYNOPSIS OF PREVIOUS INSTALLMENTS
afeld of New Miina, with his rand.

 

 

tr Janes

5 Phill meets in an ton house lity son Philtp,
w son's paramo Janet Mark, They quarrel;
if ; oostome with his grandson, Thatnigathe
ia murdered by Lis son and Janet Mark hey lay

ide on an tee foe ta the eifort to lay the

         

 

 

  

his nay 9 Hat the boy Philip has witnessed the
orime--t tells bis grandfather's chief tenant,
1 tay Spurway, WhO succeeds to having the real
murd ters hr hite justlee, Philip ts senteneed to
he hung { woman to be trausported. My
terlousiy VPRLip eseapes the gallows, seeks out lls
wi'e, buds r with Spurw and tries to murder

( t quite su “hand she istaken to

 

cure, leaving Philip with Spurway and
sho teaches htin that in some ways

   

   
 
  

 

 

 

w easmuch as boys Still (hey are

frends Whough she beats him at her

sehool to whieh they uo

toyetlier Jobn Stansfield, Phillp's lawyer
uw brings a new teacher, Dominte
Ki t man, with wonderful eyes.
@hart the countryside ts shocked
} A and mysterlous murders,
evidently for sake of robbery Hustness calls
a twa from bon In bis absence a bly packing
ease, purporting tobe fullof tine Spantsh wool, ts de
tvered to Wi ywinan, t phray s clerk, who pats
Ittn the weavin { That olght Philp, plaving
about ft, sees shining through the gauze & pale of
rye He colls Wil! Lowman, who counts three, then
stabs the case with a small sword Blood flows,
eo open the ease and tind Dominfe Ringrose tn
aide, apparently dead. Shortly after the house is
attacked by robbers whom Rlngrose had meant to
a They ar ‘ off, Returning from a day's

cisit to Vew Milnus, Philip falis in with Sani Mark,
under pretence of show

  

Annas mypsy father, ,
fog im sir Horry Morgan's treasure, makes him @
prisoner Anna finds out his plight and leads Spur

way lby the belp of bis silent partner
Provost Gregory Partan, Saul Mark, Supercargo of
the ship Corramantee imprisons both Anna and Spur-
way, robbing Spurway of much money, Philp the

on his track

 

elder. who ts In league with Saul Mark, sends young
Philip away Leaving Spurway imprisoned, Philip
Stansfeld the elder goes oul in Spurway’s cloak

  
 

 

  

 

 

    

 

 

to his wife's house, aud by threats Induces her to
eo aboard the Corramantee, whieh puts to Sea, tale
tng Philip and his friends to @& pirates’ Island
in the Caribt 1 See Anna and = Philip
make friends borra, He shows them the
secretaof theisiand, and where Mir Harry Morgans
treasure ls, guarded by Per de tance and his hosts
Ehorra hias secreted tin whieh he plans toes
tape with Anna, Paldp, Mr Stansfield and bis
othe tise Wil Bowman, who ty ta the clutches

‘ ‘ ef ! At tacked by rival
p and DMs friends eseape
' The bt aris reaches Puerto Rico in

si anal its mat pproac + convent, ashing
help he ' ikes tn the women ‘The
men go into aw chal 1] It is making a road for
the Governor ‘ She chanees to pass along
and Wi P Hscover her to be Janet Mark,
le Anna { 'anet Mark, now the Lady
anita S ( stands friend to her countrymen,
t they s t { is a perilous favor Anna ts

eed by th sovernor, at which Janet grows vio
ently je s She is about to killthe girl when Phhip
tells her the troth that Anna ts her own daughter
\nother boat esto Puerto Rleo. It bolds Saul
Mark » Stan who have been beaten
by ft rate Saul recognizes his wife He and
Stanst persuade the Governor to ™ out aship,
promising to return to the Isle of the Winds
bring back Sie Harty Morgan's treasure

 

He mans the boat, and they plan to make Philtp bring

from the burning lake. The vessel sails with Phiitp
and Will Kowmar atoard. and Anna, wh» ts dis
giised The expedition reaches the islands, and tiey
fod he volcano active, and Morgan's treasure forever

st) fa bis rage Sault Mark orders Bowman and
p east into the boiling lake. Philp the elder
svesthem by clutching Saul Mark and leaping with

    

bin to certain death in the crater

CHAPTER XLIX
HANGED IN CHAINS,

And so indeed it proved. We found the
S)aniards anxious for a sneedy retreat The
Hacks whom Fborra had tornfled were clamorous
for it, and the others shared their alarm But
the commandante, being a brave and detremined
man, stood out alone. He refused to return to
Puerto Rico without something to show for his
expedition.

“What,” he said, “because two prisouers cast
themselves into hell before their time, shall we
that are soldiers of the King of Spain slink off
like whipped curs, and leave thousands of gold
pieces within a few miles of is’? We are on the
Isle of the Winds ‘The pirates are few in num

all

ber most of them probably away on their ex
reditions We wil! take them at unawares, root
out the murderous nest, capture their treasure

and obtain great praiwe and reward from king
Ferdinand But tirst we shall indeed go back
to the shore, in order that we may rest and find
out by means of scouts the way to the village
and the dispositions of the robbers there.”

Letone of your men go with me,” said Eborra,

“to witness that I do not lie. We will spr out
the buccaneers and bring word within twelve
hours!"

The commandante conferred apart with the
grand inquisitor, and presently Eborra was sent
ff with one other in whom they had confidence,
expert woodman who had formerly served
with Capt. Key on another island

So upon the edge of the sea, at a place where
there is a pleasant sandy bay.we were set down
'o walt Onur chains were taken off, and one
more kind than the rest gave us a salve and int
for where the
weight of the belt dragged heaviest above our
thigh Anna made broth for all in

an

yur chafed skin and ankles and

bones

eanidron, and in thin fairly good case we waited |

Eborra’s return. It was curious that all rejoiced
gr that Sank Mark was dead, which may
Bprear strange when one of us was a daughter
anda maid of tender heart Ike Anna Sut after

  

  

   

 

 

 

 
 
 

eoomany trials and so niuch evil, both threatened
and accomplished by this man, there were no
tes of affection possible between them And
when Anna brought us broth In the iron lid of
the pot, before beginning to eat we all elasped
hands and said, “God be thanked’

ution this we thought chiefly we spoke of
Sau) Mark. Vor of tiv father, who had striven |
fo do one great deed at least to wipe away so much
evil, | at least co not think save with grau
tude = =And LL wond ! greatly what my mother
Would say when we told her

Now, though both the commaudaute and the
crand inqguisstor had sorely disappotited
n the matter of Mor $3 treasure, vet IT could
wather, od
hey were pot altogether
unt Affaire had taken. F
Saul Mark had been taken up by the priests and
aiterward supported by Don Nichola
that neither of them was unwilliag to be rid of
t dangerous a man and one who threatened

Sus plant them tn autnorty

We lay all thisday on thesea edge anong green
‘sand under the shade of wild cotton trees.
diately beneath us the land crabs were
g mysteriously from the midst of the white
! sand, trundling hither and thither, and,
re, Shaking themselves free of the dustof their
We could hear their great claws clicking

  
 

as they ste

 

atsfied with
ough at the first

'

  
 
 

 

  

 

 

   
 
 

 

 

 

 

  
 

gether like saflory’ scissors as they scuttled in
and out thele war s The smaller were green
fis ¢ r,t e bur warty seniors were as wray
and bloodthirsty of aspect as if they bad been
formed cutof the rock itsel
‘ ith these again appesred the fringe of
White surf, the deep dudige blue reefs sunk in the
arire of the Caribheon Sea, with the sun begin
' rk comfortably in the west
\nna went te and fro among us dealing out
What provender had been landed from the ship
Several of the negro overseers accompanied her
and atthe back against a wall of rocks a fire was
ighted, the smoke of which dispersed itself among
\ rhigled mass of creepers down from the cll |
\nd so quickly do men in these outlandish
piaces reconcile themselves to death and change
that it were not Will and LT who ourselves had

vered from ¢
wf

eath, Pdo not think that any

48 thought of the two men who an ho
wl one whirlingg ant
iT thers ar

it ago
that flery jrehenna locked

 

 

  

 

 

 
     

   

    

at andante and the Great Ynquisitor
e ther, summoning fit this oue and

er » assist them by his counsel About |
re sunset Eborra returned with his
eon pant They brought the news that very
PW pirates were ty be seen, and that the village
pear phe deserted L fJudged, however, that
fra Who knew every foot of the jungle, had
’ he fo see more than he wished,
t three ships in the berbor, but each of

hae eared to be manned only by @ sparse |
tnd To were exceedingly anxious to get
“ith Eborra after his return, but the latier
I refills way from us, busying himself
, tthe tee clitl where Anoa was cook
A ® Grand Inquisitor watehed him with
smah Iwinkling eves, and the half caste never
Sslookel in ourdirection, Presently,
rover, 4 1 ieover to us With some strips
oe vet i pou platters of palin leaf,

and tender

bP berra bids well in the rear,” she said
8 f aid pointing to the strips of beef as if
erwit how we liked them, “then at the first sound
ae drop off and lie close among

'weare w
ho vill he joins us
ch shot a question at her, but she

    

o merrily and nodded her head
° ” * tripped back again 10
ire Making believe all the way that we

edy fellows net content with what we

1, but wished for double rations
Oe aria rafter sundown it was dark, and
fat nd UP the side of a creek full of rich,
the wt From this the miasma rose palpably,
Boece ‘Nitos hummed and pinged in cloud
tek wont (hose about Newfoundland, ‘'Zzzz2z2-
0 Was whatthey sald And when they came
eek, pronounced with a litte upward twifl

j

 

 

 

 

the |

consulting together, that |
the |

L fudge |

as |

waited the going down ef the sun so |

 

 

 

of their really remarkable volees, in went the

polsoned stiletto, and we smote the part with |

cheerful alacriy without waiting for further in
fornaton
our several vernaculars,
wrote down here-
As we marched I desired to assist Anna as
beat | might, but she preferred to persevere in her
own way, only taking my hand when the ditch
or swamp happened to be too wide for her to leap.
Thus the whole expedition followed Mborta
through a kind of park-like savannah country
Tie was making a long detour in order to avoid
the voleano, which we could sull see flekerng
bevond the high woods Hut the light was not
clear and wide like autuinnal sheet lghtoing,
wot bad been the oight before. ‘The bluish
weamp foe which came up from the creeks spread
Pas s Ullit was as much as we could do
j to he men in frootef us. Ti would bave been
jessy epoucth to “drop off? here and
| the wiser tut the prospect of biding all mght
} on rotting leaves in an atmosphere of pure fever,
} Was not ioviting enough, We resolved to wai
| seconaian to the balfcasie's instructions, tll
the guns began to go
Vhe fireflies conunually jetted across us, tying
almost into our eyes and vanishing again in
the pall of mist
I wonder if they know their way or where they
are going?” L whispered. kor l was ever prone
to notice trifles at the wrong times when my
thoughts ought to bave been upon niore serious
matters
"Who are going where?” growled Will, whose
legs Were paining bin where one of two of the
prickles had broken offin the flesh
“The frefiies’” said L But Will did not show
Any interest Tle was sere and miserable and
felt the beginnings of a tendency to shiver — He
mutléred a wish with regard (o the flretiies which

but these i need pot

 

   

 

 

|
!

    

eonsorted all owith recent confession of
Chureh of England baptism
} would be content to know where we are

golog'’” he added sharply

About an hour afier this the word was passed
along the ranks that now we must be ready to
fall on at any moment. bhorra bad reported
that the pirate village was near. We could hear
@ restless cock crowing every few minutes, and
more than onee there came a whithas of hot wood
ashes and the uachilled hearths of man

On the back of this ensued so long & pause that
it seemed to have no end L could heer in the
Stillness the toads crooking, and nearer at hand
the whisper of the Commandante arranging his
men for the assault, Anna and 1 waited hand
in band. Will Bowman opened his mouth and in
clined his ear into the darkness. A gun went
off below us, sharp as a sgnal-—then the clear
notes of a bugle ‘The Commandant shouted
aloud orderin Spanish ‘there was a tively rush
through the underwood Crack! Crack! Crack!
The guns were going now witha nee,

Into the brush with you quick!" said Eborra,

hurrying us away to the left’ We stumbled over
‘ourds, pricked ourselves on the bush called
fos ofthe moor, stumbled against: fruit. trees
Avhich sent heavy globes down forthwith to break
ourheads. ‘Then aftera breathing run of a quar
ter of an hour, having lefi the attack of the Span
fards well away tothe right, we crouched on some
open ground at the tof a chimp of tall trees
The ratte of musketry beneath us grew almost
continuous We could hear the Spaniards going
bravely at it, their high screaming shout nsing
and falling But what was that which answered?
Not the wild pirate vell’ It was--no, it could mot
be--yet surely it was a cheer--the mouth filling,
heart stirring ery which men of English speech
moke allover the world when they fight for the

   

 

 

 

mastery
The moon had risen and the mist grown lumi
nous about us. Suddenly Anna’ clutched me

aud I felt swift fear rin coursingly through ber,

Whatisthat, Philp ©, what are these’
She pointed above our heads The moon
shone a little clearer, We had

stopped under
a great row of tall forest trees which stretched

their branches suffiv at mbt angles, There

were so many that the line disappeared into the
mist on either hand, Many of the limbs shone
like the arms of skeletons fan
tastically disposed, But that was not the terror
which caused Anna to grasp me by the arm

From every naked bough a dead man dangled
stiff and still, turning only slowly, some of them,
as the rope twisted and uatwisted,

. *. . * 7

We sat froven cold. There was one almost
directly over our heads, Looking up, | could
see that he was hung in chains, the scarce dimmed
metal glinting in the cold gray of the mist-choked
moon

Then we heard Rborra laugh.
it was a sound to chill the bloo

For heaven's sake speak, Fborra, who are
these” | hardly knew my_own voice as I spoke,

Light as a blown leaf, Bborra danced a quick:

tep and clapped his hands,

“Pirates -buccaneers! Capt Key and his
men” hecried, "The English sailors have hanged
them, There are three ships of war in the
bay. Now the Spaniards find much rare treasure
Harken! There they go, Eborra warn the
English Captain, Pimiento--red pepper in the
pod, the Spaniards will get to-night. Xo more
chains -no more slave gangs! The English
have taken the Isle of the Winds, We just wait
here a little till the botheration past, Then we
will go down! Ho Capt, Key and your bloody

Yrates--now you swing by the neck! Hitech
! farther along! Leave plenty room for Don Nicho
las and the little black priest!”

And again Eborra danced his weird
in the feeble light of the moon, as the crackling
of firearms thinned out and the hurrahs grew
louder beneath us,

Now we go down
all cafe!”

he half caste left us down by the eastern
shore where the liberty men used to take their
walks. It was almost daybreak, though as
yet there was no sign of the day, for the false
dawn had long passed and the moon was eclipsed
by the high trees we had left behind us,
| Over the reef passages we could see the mist
|
'

!

} gaunt and white

In such a place

 

dance

but Fborra firet to make

beginning to break and whirl away in rolling
cloudlets, as peat reek does from a low chimney
ona windy day. The wings of the sea mews
glanced white as they swept low over us, ecton

e
muttering to self,
Anne and [ kept very

iny shrilly for the coming of the sore.
waited long, Will was hin
! could not tell what.
close together,

we heard Rborra’s whistle, I an
awered him, The half caste bounded joyously
toward us. Soon we could discern him plainly,
a lithe black fwore against the white coral sand,
Behind him
and hatted from
miliar struck me,

Suddenly

tall, stout man, cloaked
head to foot. Something fa
something which sent > my
) heartinto my mouth, But Anna suddenly drop
| ped my hand and sprang forward, With a sharp
| preaking ery she flung herself into the tall man's
arms, [saw his gray beard drop upon the girl's
| head

stride a

There was a rapid

will

The mist whirled ay
flush of dawn in the east
ray irway

 

Ump! cried Rowman

 

 

 

\ and I with one voice And Umphbray Spurway

| it was .

CHAPTER I
THE WITCH S DEATIT SONG
Pell the dog’ that if so much as a hair of her
h » touched - will twist Lis wizened popish
! neck Higher than Haman wall 1 ie him
arid all his stave driving, ‘orturing crew!) ‘Tell him
} that” 7

! The words were those of Uimphray Spurway
e great.) Yorkshireman was never careful
of bis speech Ais noas he heard where inv
mother was he proeeeded to the storergom in whieh
the prisoners were confined with a strong guard
| of sailors and marines over the Don Nicholas

 

was there, alas, wennded tn » shoulder, but
bearing his intsfortunes with the philosophy of a
n and the courage of a Spanish gentleman

But the interpreier was pot needed. The
little Lnquisitor a ered for bimself in his quaint
and creaky F

  
  

wus!
Sir.” he satd he lady is: better than
All day sings with sister Agatha
night she prays. Every morning sl ifesses."
Tshall soon ston all that nonsense, Poor Mary,
wild be turned into rn Pamist atthe last
» board the shipin half an hour
chirruped the Pather Inquisitor,
cast aside this world, renounced
} its vanitles, She is now a sister of the Convent
of St. Mary of Brozaa | She has taken the solemn
vows’ Lomyself Iatd them upon her
he head of Cr ell, you yourse!!
will takethevows off, orl shall tate voue head from
otf vour« Iders and level to the gre und theCor
; vot Brozas. [ swear itbyr "

well
Every

she

 

 
  

Tin possi bile
“the Iniv has

    

Then b

 

      

 

 

    

 

 

itt The little Jesuit held up
| The vow is not final it shall be as the. sister
wills She has not yet taken the black veil.”
White vetl or black weil, or green veil. or red
veil,” eried Um ‘ shall be as T will, and
That rarhitspeedhy
’ . . . .
While s { for the island ,
Umplhray lus all that had passed since we
were earried off and | bad left him standing
over hi wn open grave in the limehinof Provost
Pariar He told The by favor of the King's
Advocate he had gotten letiers of introduetion
to the Governors of Jamaica and PBarbadoes

commanding them to pat at his disposition all his
Majesty «available sea forces within their jurisal
thon Armed with this he hurried to Abereairn
where he putinto commission the bestand seundest
fighting brig that ever cleared from any Seottish
anchorage Her he had armed under letters of
-woaboard, all the

 

 

    

 

 

 

 

 
 

marjue, and out é ‘rT
test daring AG 1 doven ports bie
told us how len n ched before be di
covered the whereabouts of the buccaneers) ¢elty
of refuge, from one of a former crew marn te)
Borhadoes ane wii to respectahility upon
his eabns

Tr he proceeded to recount how he ar d the

  

   

 

  

qn tor and Don

) grave converse
own in gra vs ’ . . é e

commanders of bis Malesty s two vessels had @
rived too late to capture their prey, but Justin time
to take Capt. Rev and bis deeperadoes after a stilt
figrhit | iptain acd tl ‘leaders had been
promptly hanged fora huodr d enormifies, even
as Saul Mark and Philip Stansfleld would have
heen nd that in spite of Cant Rey i
t Vovernor ofthe NewLngland
tabout to burn the
| Pbhorre was brought in
| The rest we knew
| As to these who had beew left belund in Sect
}iand, Umphrav Srurway. bad no. very recent
| news My poor mrandmother was dead and my
1 Unele Jolin in full possession of all the properties
| That was all he eould tell me
But we will fit him,” said Umphbray, “and
| that as soon as we get your mother out of the
| clutches of those gentry
| He indicated the poop where the Grand In
| Nicholas were walking up and
}

 

It is not necessary that To should write down
the tale of the sack of Puerto Rico by the Fagiish
It is written in all the hietories of these parts, as
well as by Mr Champlain, the Frenchman, in
his very entertaining travels, Besides, there
are things that it is not very pleasant tw remem-

 

 

Most of us also offered remarkain |

} of

    

 

THE

 

 

ber as being done by men of our nation. Yet

 

     

 

tion nearest to the front door,

though an immense booty was taken, there was | up the steps and lifted the knocker, wonder

no brutality to women and lithe vindictiveness,
save wo the more cruel of the slave-drivers, whom
the marines and sailor men chivvied all over the
island es bares are coursed on the hols of More
han. And they received ag little merey as poor
puss when caught

\s soon as the capture of the castle and town
was assured and they were carried atone charge,
as it were, by the mere wind of the assailants’
attack Umphray and @ strong party hastened
foward the monastery of St John, and the con
vent of St Mary of Brozas, At the first breath
of the assault upon the town many of the blacks
and mulatioes thinking that the pirates had come
and that a period of universal rapine would thee
giv, made an assault pop the nunnery They
had even liberated some of the worst of the chain
gang, brutal rutiians sentenced for crimes dove
on the islands, vot heretics from old Spain like
Jean Carrel of Carcassonne and his brethren

The nuns had barricaded themselves in their
chapel and when we arrived the ruffians were en
ifased in smoking (hem out like bees, We could
hear their loud shoutings and see the reek be
inning to swirl up from the gates and door against
which the faggots were piled |

"Now Jet them have it, lads!” ered Umphray
to his men, and the Secttish muskets went o
In a volley ‘The blacks and couviets ran like
‘caged rats, and were shot down 4% they fledor
bayonetted as they crouched in corners, Then
we called that the doors be opened, but the ers
ing of the servitors and the chanting of the sisters
for a time prevented Wie from bearing us

Meanwhile, however, tn spite of our scattering
it outside the fire was walniug rapidly, and there
was no time to Jose So Umphray and his ship's
captain sling a mahogany pole for @ battering
rom and forthwith urove in the doors

We streamed in, and Anna, who knew the

lace, led us atonee w the chapel TP shail never
Keaek the sight which greeted us when she threw
open the doors the whole titettor it as fora
high fesitwal, the silver lamps a swing tno the
choir, the tall candles shining down oo the gold
and tinsel of the decorations And on the floor
we saw as it were a crowd of dark forms, the sisters
rank on rank, all kneeling with clasped bands,
their crucifixes upheld as tf to withstand io the
name of the Most Mereiful the inroads of the
brutal mob.

In the very midst 1 discerned my mother She
was kneeling beside Sister Agatha Ste wore the
dress of & neophyte of the order She did not see
either Anna or myself But when the Yorkshire-
man’s great figure, crowned with his steeple hat,
filled up the doorway, she rose to her feet with @
sudden glad er

“Uniphray
We are saved
way, even asl knew He

Limpheey,” she cried, “he has come!
God bas sent me Linphray Spur
would!

nd with her old quick impulsiveness she let
beads, crucifix and psalter drop clattwerng upon
the tloor She threw back her veil and white

forehead band and fell weeping inte bis arms

“You have been so long mplray - se very
long’ she moaned without lifung her forehead
froin his breast

. . . . . . .

“1 like this better than being a nun,” said my
mother, some days after, when we were once more
on board the ship, and we all stood about her
Umphray hadgone below to tind a plaid to wrap
about her, for the wind of the Adantic was shrewd
from the north

‘Nor do T think that Will Lucy could have been
avery goud Catholic,” she continued, “for he
used to Tow over to see my father as often as ever
A priest came to say mass. Hesices it is best to
stick to the religion onais born and brought up in’

We were all happily on board the Mary, as
Umpbray had called his vessel--that is, all save
Eborra and Janet Mark The latter welcomed
her commandante back with happiness in” her
eyes, scarcely dimmed by the fact Uiat his Majesty s
marines bad made firewood of the red and gould
coach. The news of Saul Mark's death (and
perhaps also that of my father) had made a new
woman of her. From this time forth she went no
more in fear of the mouse in the wainseot And
Don Nicholas, reestablished in his Governor
ship with little loss, save of the household gear
that had been stolen, kissed with more than bis
ancient affection the hand of Don nad uanitaSilveda,

The Grand Luguisitor was shipped back to Spain
by the San Esteban, which, having been left on
the opposite side of the Isle of the Winds, escaped
capture and came to Puerto Rico Uiree days after
the English had taken ship again. Her Majesty s
vessels, however, broke up the chain gangs and
gave alla free passage wo Jamaica or New Maogland,
where they were to be permitted to setlue Jean
Carrel, bowever, elected w return with Lmphray
Spurway, having a desire w learn the English
and Scottish weaving. And so he came on beard
with us, improving daily with the sea breezes and
the stern Scot's diet of oatmeal three times a day

It was our one unhappiness to leave Lborra
behind us We would have given much to have
brought him with ua Umphbray offered him a
livelihood if he would return But at the thought
of anew country and setied habits he declinec

“Eborra will die out of the woods™ he said sail
ing. “He will go back to the Isle of the Winds
and keep guard over Morgan's treasure”

So since no better might be, Umphray gave
him muskets and ammunition, together with
a half-decked boat which he bought for him in
Puerto Rico, He would take no money, but we
loaded his litde ship with all that makes wealth
in these parts. Before he bade us good by, he
told us that his mother was dead, She died the
same night Whilip Stausfield had leaped into
the flery abyss with Saul Mark in his arms, She
had stood upon a point of rock near the castle
all the evening, uinuttering incantations and stretch
ing her hands out toward the sea, till some of the
guard had threathened to shoot her for a witch
But soon after midnight she bad broken into a
song, siuging in a glad, strong Voice, like that
& young woman. o white manknew the
meaning of that song, but down in the negro
quarters the blacks crouched and sweatted with
fear in the darkness

That is the death song!” they whispered,
“Obeah surely comes now to claim his own!"

And from the sea toward the Isle of the
Wind there came a sound of a mighty thundering

In the morning the sentinel looked, and tu
there upon the rock lay the witch woman dead,
prone on her face evan as she had fallen, herskiony

 

 

 

amos and clinched hands stretched out toward
the place of her desire
. . « ’ . . . . .
CHAPTER LI
TUTOR AT LAW

It was night whea we arrived in the town of
Abercalrn, The Mary cast anchor, by a cutious

 

 

contrada tutela, as we phrase it

chanee, aliost fa the same place from which the
Corramantee had set sail Tt seemed most mar
vellously strange to sit on deck in the earllest
moraing and see the glimmer of the little white |
washed row of houses about the quay, and then

  

    
     

      

 

  
 

 

    

 

 

 

   

    

 

      

 

 

  

     

 

 

   

 
     

 

 

        

    

 

    

as the da“y came on te to th wks be
ginning to crow in the ta d farm towns

In the mor Twa claim mv inher
itanee without y, \ wmen aud Umphray
Bourway accompany me (nna and my

| ther wert) remal rd tillwe miade things
ready for them | erilomy ad
| venture witht rele tout well, at the
wreat housecof ew Milnes Wlon we landed there

sa prodigious gathering of fol ou the quay

weet s thse ws stood
“ '

Oh, | weg otup the steps,
"SAW Yer the Corraman te
that fin mine inno jeliverad d aw hacds
of wiexed and desigoing men

He cried the rds d t y we bad
time to grasp a hand ora iy the warn
greeti shieh were showepel uo

Che Corrar feo Wis A mi ' to, sf
eaid Umphray sterniv, (aud the met put
charge of he °

Here he wiLaAsifnot w ay an z

ainst th adoor perhaps b he uh
of Anna and n

© sirce m » turned out
blackquard t kenned! Sd
sa Ickle ov" nas heir handlin
Is thera nocht sa on ad
vir

Sind outofmy way, Provost Partan LT have
notatne te do with s aid the Yorkshiremar
the thsef many are ur vour vonsebenes

Na. va, guid Master Spurway, say not
cried the Provost, in some distress: I wa
av a tamb ja the midst of wolves | khennes
thing o' ony ill nes beyond the seas!

‘Str. crled | mphray. with ision, “the blood
f those young children entrapped into wour
foul hole of «a fimekitn, sold into slavery, dead
or dying «f Ul useve and eruelty in eane br
and plantation shall never cease to le at ye
door’

No at mine no at mine wailed the br
vost, “tak tente your words, It cannot be proven
that ever | handled a plack «© the price, What
kenned 1 0 ts elarl is tractices Hut tel!

wuld Master in there like to be ne
a farthin savit Moeven untae the utter

val \weel aw that be sau e Leord's
wull be adlune’ fi is incor Hleawedl thing t
hae the consolation of releegion in vin’s heert
ve, agreatand solit comfort

We three left the Provost to this eanselatior
end proceeded on our way The Little nouse

the Venue ‘Ss € tv. the kev in the posses
sion of a neighber whe had had the kinds
to keep on fires in the winter season. [ut we did
net bide there Murch grore remained to d

And O, whew we ad gotten ous hones and
taken the trac ver the illls. jt was @ joy he
vond words to feel toe caller ace blow in our faces,
to discern the Miln bovse shining afar amone
its willow es and hear the weir singing
wid the mill wheel clattering on as of yore The
venvers were at their tasks aw if lmphray

simply st ed ont to show hospitality to @
Customer

Yet nether didi we tarry here, great as our
desire was t los Mv uncle was reported at
home. He bad spent muect { his tne lately
tothe yoreat diet {ttimes riding all the was
from his low besiness in Edin bure

It # the dee lene of t 1, an lroeding
day sullen with great beat when TP turned down
the avenue past the Lodge Yett,wt T had se
fien I could t hely tee efor the
window izh wihie) but | hed other mat
te t ren toda Will Dowman was
onoone eof me, EC motray the other, | was
surely coming to my own at last Phen came
the turn «f the avenue at whieh, high above the
iwrent i ee the tu ta of the house af
New Milus \ Wh exceller ler, better,

) | think, than in wravediathers t

“He will show fight ahd Wilh “surely the
man will never give up all this without a strug
rie”

"Give it up he shall i judge him to be lawyer
enough to know that he must,” said Umphray,
the sera of his month gone erimly down
' ip, lad, are you feared to face hin Would
vou desire witreaces' We will come in with

you if vou are’

I tauched and shook my head

“Ltrow no,” said 1, answering them In a proverb,
“he who has faced the lion fears na the tod!

Hut all the same my heart waa besting rarely
when I left them in the angle of the green planta:

‘equal aud makeshift thateching

 

n
to Oind myself so near it It used to be ao hi f
above my head. About and within brooded
4 silence which could be felt, and the noise of
my knocking reverbersted down the passage
like thunder

Yet for all of my courage I put my band in my
coat tail where 4 pistol was bidden when ot last
L heard steps come slowly and a little ore ter
down the hall, ‘The door swung cautiously bac
and Jo! before me, clad in his aucient bottle-green
coat, Laaw - Caleb Clinkaberry!

His hair was brushed more oorerely from one
side to Ue other of bis bald head in a kind of un-
Al might of me
he gasped aud fell back a step,

“Is it a spirit a visitation--my
ghost?” he ered

"No," said Lt, holding out my hand heartily
“IT am indeed your lad in the flesh = Hut what
do you here, Caleb? Where is my uncle’ Ken
you that my mother is home safe and sound”

“Soothly--soothiy,” eried the old man, “hastea
me not Your mother, did you say, my hide
Mary come bome’ ‘The Lord of the high mercies
be thanked. [ have prayed him for this Your
uncle why, your uncle is) there in his study
atthismoment You will flod him «changed man.
And litte Mary home again! Faith, | must pack
me bow and make ready -for the little Mary is
comehome Ste will not know where to find a pet
teoat in the Yett house ull old Caleb finds them
for her Yet is the place all in order, Would
it please you to step down Uiere” ;

‘Presently, presently, Caleb,” said 1 “Now
T must see my uncle take me to him.”

"Your wil and pleasure, sir -aye- aye, but
he minds me of Sir James the very moral of Sit
James. Mary's chitd, grown to be @ man
Tase youto your uncle, said you” Yea and vertly
that will 1, and bide at the door also, to hear what
shall befall between you!”

And with his grandest oir the ancient major
domo preceeded me to the room that had been
my ¢randfather's, the same which we bad all sat
atour wine that night when Sir James brought
tae home from the change house

He threw open the door wide to the wall.

“Sir Philip Stanstield an’ it please you, Master
Jotn.” he announced like @ herald ushering in 4@

poor lad's

   

prince
At that moment I was waicning my uncle
Hie bad been sitting ata desk reading a book,

And at the sound of the name he rose to his full
height, gripping the tall back of the chair and star-
ing at me as [ stood in the doorway

“I bid you good day, Unele John!" | said, I fear
wo much like a challenge.

“Good day toy you, young gentleman!” said he
courteously, not taking his eyes from my face.

I want mine own, Unele John,” | continued,
“this house and estate, They are mine!’

My uncle bowed with one hand on his heart

‘And pray who may you be and what do you
setup for being, young sir?” said he, throwing his
head backward and speaking as cool as the pre-
centor reading out the lines two by two on sacra-
ment Sabbath morning

Yet for all that | could see very well that he
knew me | had my reply ready

“Lam Philip Stansfield, son of Philip and grand-
son of Sir James, your nephew, and spropeietoe
of the lands and heritages of New Milns and
Moreham, es indeed very well you know.”

Gently, gently,” said he, “the burden of proof
Hes on you. ‘There has been some small breach
of continuity, You will, I pause, allow so
much, You are able then take it, to make
good your claim by reputable witnesses, who
have had knowledge of you during all the time
of your absence from Scotland’

“Lean,” Lanswered firmly

"Meaning those gentlemen down there,” he
said, shrewdly, indicating with his thumb the
spot on the edge of the plantavon, where | had
left Will Bowman and Umpbray Spurway

“Well, yes,” | answered, lamely enough, being,
to tell truth, a litde taken aback and not knowing
what to make of my uncle's attitude

{ wish they would keep off the grass, your
grass. that is, if the title be good!”

Phat the Fifteen shall decide,” said I, grandly

“Doubtless, doubtless,” murmured my Uncle
John, still looking out of the window, “and pray
what can good Umphray, the cloth- weaver prove”

“That he found ae © peeener amony the Span-
ish papists’” | answered.

‘A good claim to & Protestant estate anywhere
in these islands he said, bowing ironically.

\nd the limber young genileman who is kick-
ing sods out of the sward witn his heels your
sods, whatis--what may have been his connecuon
with you?”

\ chain,” answered T, briskly enough, “a
pair of steel chains attached to an iron belt about
our several loins!”

“Ab,” he returned, ineditatively, “that is in
deed what we term in our Scow’ law ‘a bond of
bottomry.’”

“Uncle John,” said I, a little netded, “you carry
if off very well, but all the same you know that
you meant to kidnap me, to murder me.”

“Nephew preetapere returned he, uite
unmoved, “these words are actionable. ‘Take
nouce, Caleb Clinkaberry, sou with your ear

at the key hole out there, [ may need you for a
witness.”

You set on Saul Mark, in whose company
I last saw you, W carry me off with thirty other
poor lads w sell for slaves in the Caroline plan-
tations.”

“And pray, air, if it be # fair question, how
much did you bing”

rut,’ said | impatiently; “you quibble

“Sir, you assert"

De you, or do you not, own me as heir to this
esiaie’? Deny me at your peril!

“L dens you not (i wish to heaven these gentle-
men would either come in or go away), But l
Will ask you @& question -supposing you are the
persou whose name and style you assume, do
you own me as your tutor nominate, as well as
your tutor ligitim or tutor at law

‘f suppose vou are both, though T understand
not the law terms’

“[tis not required. Well, sir, Lam a lawyer,
a successful } trust a fairly competent one
If you wish, I will give you my advice, for which
you will pay me at the usual rates They shall
be taxed by the court, if you wish it.”

Ismiled. I began to And my Unele John vastly
entertaining

He paused to catch my assent, 4s 4 minister
does at baptism, and then he unlocked a@ little
cupboard in the wall close by his hand

“Here,” he said, “sou will fad duplicate copies
ofall accounts of my intromissions since the death
of ‘ir James Stansfield. ‘The originals of which
these certified duplicates are, of course, In my

fee in Fdinbur Now, sir, for my advice
supposing that these grass-kicking gentlemen
whose hainstrings God confound’) can establish
your title acti will lie betwixt us directa et
( for count and
ning of timeof tutelage. Sir, Lam going to
Hdinburgh immediately. Shall T have the pleas
reof moving atthe nest sederunt”

Unele J ‘said I, “Lam utterly astonished
hid T exy .
e SAS
either to toll the trnth did I

  

 

  

 

   

  

 

 

rech

 

 

 

 

he, smiling «

  

Idly but

So

not,” eald

 
   

   

 

   

 

   

   
  

vieasa
long as sou remained in foreign parts, Lwas your
heir of destination But there was always a
possibility, now happily. fructifled into some
probaliliiv T speak without — prejudice - that
touvhavereturmec In thateaseTam yourcurater
wid these ere my ae ats, which IT trust yeu will
find eorreet, with naturel Ceductions for my ex
penees in your servi If vou find, as 1 think
‘ at the estates are it heart, and
py management nothing baa been
' ‘ ‘ hv, cir, | bave a good law business
} ) 1, as any lawyer will tell you, and
ereral yentlemen do me the bonor to trust
ve ous their agent and doer, What say you?
hali leon ractas: yours”
Whs, Unele John,” stammered, “I have
not considered :
"ly posing iat you @re satisfied with
DIY Drese isshots
I held my band. For the thme being I for
wot all about Saul Mark I only remembered
that my upele used to make me paper boats to
jhon the pond ‘They had a sail amidships and
renereliv enpeized a yard from shore
Ne y hand and shook it slightly, more,
howeve luty then a privilege
Al better he sofa. “it ts always best

 

to keep those perquisites within fainilies if pos
ithe And there may be a good many pickings
which are as well in the har ds ofa Stansfield aa
in those of any Dalrym thatever ate pig meat

 

  

I marched straight |

He handed mea buneh of keys from a nail |
athidselluw

You wall find the servants civil, though Caleb
behind

  
  

rnd feet clattering: indignantly down the

urge rardevin

   

 

jlorand wines arein the
belin ecuraiiin ihe corner. Thisis key
of the cellar The brandy is fair, the el t @x
to you, sit

‘hot from a peg and with only a
of bia hand, went toward the door
astonished aud dunmbfoun As

rout he turned with his fingers on

 

was gola

 

the handle
And, pardon me. if vou wish to have any turf
Yet these wentienen to come on to the pravel
Ant wath that he wae gone. DP heard the pound
niet ahome st fs beneati, and, going mechani
| ealls the window, deaw my unele riding down
the as te And he never so much as tarned his
head to ko at the preat hotse of New Milt
which bad been his forse long a due
IL went down to the front door, hardly able to

} speak f

rsheer astoniabment ‘Then I beekoned
to Umphray and Will and told them what had
haps ened from the very first word, while all was
still fresh inn memory

Lid be not take at well” Lo said
any one bave expected him to take It so

Umphray Spurway sovled aad slowly nodded
his bead with a gatiofled sur

“Could ever

  

       

 
  

 

Blood blood” he ead. “that is where llood
tells. vor me I should si have broken vour
head and ked you down the staifs, young
mean”

And P" also syreed Will Bowman

EPILOGUYI
M1 vow, as my Uncle John woud say, Ll must
close the record. TD write the last of these sheets
nthe afternoon of & Sabbath day ta mine own
hint { Now Milns ‘Thos day, o¢ the morning
diet ef worship, Mr. John Bell y fe whanor
dinary drach. and thats LtinoJames, faugued

 

me with bos eseeeding Ss hess ness tle takes
froma Near telative, though he cannot

 

 

 

 

 

the qralty
sling @enes as well as she could

i my mother and Umphray today
{ vray (how | laughed) otanding very un
comforable at the plate, for my mother had made
hima pt the eldetship ageinst his will

Though bore and baptized an Episcopalian,”
she sald. “and with some connections with papecy
ay well (woung Will Lucy! Dhave always been
4 conv ) Presbyterian at heart. And so nrust
you bv, Umphray’

Whereuron Umphray promised His face
wes by ordinary grave ae TE pasted him this morn
ing, yet methinks tus further eyelid quivered,

foor there [he raisedhis voleejis getting |

 

 

  

Nowadays we see but litte of Will Bowman—far
leas than I could wish. 1 mentioned this to my
mother, and asked her if she could imagine a
reason
“Why. of course,” she cried (we were alone
together), “did you not know?) He was always in
love with Anna” 7

“That is nupsense, mother,” I answered, for
the thing greatly astonished me “Why, | have
been with him all these years and noUced nothing
Neither, Lam sure, did Anna”
Then it was that my mother laughed heartily;
but the inwardness of her mirth | could not per
ceive
“Trust a woman to know when a man loves
her,” sve said, when she bad finished, “and for all
that you think of her, your Anna is just like the
Test.”
Afterward we went into the kirk, and the ser
vice wad A solemn and appropriate one
Mr. Bell was weil nigh an hour and a half at bis
discourse He has Maen lecturing through “Can
Hieles” for the past four years ond # balf, and so
naturally he could not find much that was new
tosty, But his wat was exceedingly comfortable
to me, and when he gave itoul, Anna Mark put
her hand into mine round our Jamie's back = It
was “Many waters cannot quench love, neither
can the floods drown il"
And it came into my head, tting thus with
my wife's band in mine (but secretly and as if
fo curb the imp) that | should tell my mother of
Philip Stansflelid and bis last words, which I
had never done 1 had spared her (as f thoughy
on board the Mary, finding her sirange and upset
with all her troubles. But now she was happily
wedded and established at the Miln house. Noth
ing could fright her any more. She would go
Straight and tell Umphray,
she might promise.
So sending on
I told my mother all as well as | could
Capt. Stansfield had said at the last
“Tell her that I did it for her sake!”
But at the first sound of my late father's name
she cried out shuddering “I do not care to hear
Do not speak to me of
Mark’ hey were both men of wrath'”
And then, letting go my arm, she forsook me,
calling loudly on ber husband. “Umphray,
do not go so fast. [want you You are always
so headstrong and inconsiderate You forget
that at this present I am not stroug’”
“Yes, Mary,” said Umphray, gently, and turned
back toward us ,
My mother stooped to pull her kirtle a little
up to show her pretty shoes. Then she took
Umphray's arm with a little happy jerk of pos-
session. To hide a amile as Anna's eyes met
mine, | turned to lift the Imp over the stile
“James,” [ asked him sternly, “what was Mr.
Bell's text this morning”
“[ forget,” he answered prompt as echo from
the wood, “but [ killed six flieson the bookboard'”
And as [ lifted him down [ met Anna's eves
once again over our bairn's shoulder, and from
what I saw in them I knew that she would never
forget the text of Me. John Bell's 225th conseci
tive lecture and addition upon the canticles, com-
monly called the Song of Solomon:

 

 

Anna with the Englishman
of how

 

“Many waters cannot quench love, neither
can the floods drown it'”
THE END.
TOLD BY THE OLD CIRCUS MAN,

Encounter of Wits Between Boss and
Dentist Over the Giant,

“Tl sha'n't soon forget,” said the old circus man,
“a little joke that the old man played, or tried to
play, on thedentist. Ourstar attraction, the great-
est of all giants, had a tooth that needed filling
It bad needed it for a long time in fact; but like a
great many other people not as big, the giant
had jet the tooth go unti] 1t began to trouble him;
and then he wanted something done to it right
away, and wien we'd got the pain stopped he
wanted the tooth filled; he didn't want to lose it
And here's where the old man’s joke on the dentist
came in; he was always up to this sort of tricks.
“Maybe you remember my telling you about
his going into a laundry once and getting the
price for doing up collars, ‘any’ collars, as he put
it, and then teking in @ stand-up collar that our
great elghteen-foot giraffe used to wear when we
dressed himindude costume’ Butthat was easily
squared by free tickets to the show, and by the
pleasure the laundryman found in seeing the
giraffe walking around the ring wearing the
collar that be had done up But it was another
matter about the tooth The old man goes w the
dentist and tells him he has an acquaintance
that wants a tevth filled, and asks how much
would {t cost to fill it with gold-a double tooth
Of course the dentist can't tell without seeing
the tooth and the cavity; and the old man tells
him it's a big man, big tooth and big bole; tt will
take alotof gold) ‘Younamethe price,’ he says,
‘and I'll payit;’ and the dentist seta a figure that

wil cover the cost of filling as much hole as there
could be inany tooth he ever saw, and gives the old
mau 4 dat, and at the day and hour the old man
takes the giant around
“I've never told you the exact stature of the
giant, for fear you wouldn't believe it, but I've
told you various things at one time and another
about him, that would enable you to form some
idea about it The tooth -well, if L should tell
vou even the sizeof that, you wouldn't believe me;
but when the dentist saw the fiant stop in front
of the house he knew that if the giant's tooth
corresponded with bis general dimensions, and
that cavity should be of about an average size,
as compared with the tooth, he was up against it
hard: and he knew he was, when he had got the
giant settled down where he could look into his
mouth He had contracted w fill a tooth with
old for 810 or 815, or whatever it was, something
like that, and here was @ bole that would take
in a hundred and fifty wo two hundred dollars’
worth of metal, to say nothingof the labor
“But the dentist evinced no surprise, nor did
he week to fly the track; on the conuary, he got
hie traps around where he could get at ‘em and
began work
“We struck the office at 11 o'dlock; the afternoon
show opened at 2 At L o'clock the old man says
i T guess we'll have to shut off now for a
while, and come back after the afternoon show.’
‘Oh, no, you can't do that,’ says the dentist,
‘he ll have to stay right here now till the job is
finished
‘How long will that take”’ says the old man
"'Oh, T fon t know,’ says the dentist. ‘I
should think it might take a day, or maybe a day
and a half.’
‘Well’
the show going ou
cirous! said the boss
“*¥You can take him away any tlne you want
to,’ said the dentist, ‘butif you do, you don't want
to bring him back
“Why not” says the old man
agree to Hl his tooth for so much”
“*Ves,’ says the dentist, but the price I named
to you was for continuotis work: fora job done at
ove siting Im ready to go righton with it now
and finish it up; but if you take him away and
bring him back, so that T have to give him a num
ber of sittings, I should have to charge you my
regular price for sur h teeth
** How much Isthat” says the old man
* Pwo liundred dollars is my charge for teeth
of that size, done in the regular way,’ says the
dentist; and du you know there was nothing for
the old man todo but to payit?  Hesimply couldn t
keep the giantaway from the show,as he was much
the biggest card the outfit had; and he couldn't
slight he giant; the giant knew bis own value
and insisted on the best of everything always,
and always gotil, and then a giant with a tooth
ache would have been an inconvenient person
to have ‘round, and he might not have been able
to show; and aga matter of fact $200 was a fair
price for the job
“So the long and short of it was that the old
man agreed to pay it and he did
that town two days, and the giant putin all his
spare time at the dentist's; and when we struck
the road again the tooth was filled There was so
much gold in it that for days the giant carried

An

But [can't have him sitting here with
He's the biggest thing fn the

‘Didn't you

 

Se NS ES

though |

whatever secrecy |

*hilip Stansfield or Saul |

 

TALES OF YANKEE ENCHANTMENT

The Rabbits’ Easter Eggs. |

By a» Queer Compact the Bunnies Bribed |
the Hens to Lay Eanes to Order,
and Austin McKenzie Had a Big
Sarprise Sunday Morning.

 

Copyright, 1900, by Charles Katteli Loomis,

Austin Melwenzie had two sisters, both of them
as pretty as Paster lilies, and almost as white,
which was strange, as they lived in the country
and spentagood dealof time out doors

Austin had spent an Faster vacation in the
city, and when he came home he gave the girls
such a vivid account of the decorated eggs and
the papier mache rabbits and all the other Raster
favors that can be seen in the shops that they were
wild to have bin decorate some eggs forthem when
next Easter should come,

Mr. MeKenzie owned a score of hens of Various

| breeds, and Austin, who could draw and paint

We stayed in |

his head kindy downon that side with the weight |

of it and it was longer than that before the old
nan got over the shock of his meeting with the
dentist”

Pitched Battle With Cow-Killing Snakes,

berom the Ch go Inter Ocean
Wich a, Kan April 4 -James Davis, a
farmer from near Wellington, in Summer county,
reports the loss of (fty cows from ritilesouke
hits. He says the pas sare full of snakes,

 

ws have died
tranivzed and
They ised swords
of which were six

and a hot

and in his section several hundred e
Last Saturday a powse of fartners
wentoutto Deh! these snake
The snakes, aome
did not seem to be afraid
be ttle was waged for én houror mere

 

and clubs
feet long

Farwer Davis was in town Sunday and wold |

the story of the Aght. He said

I never know of snakes coming out of their
holes so early tn the season and that is why
we were ata lo know what billed our ¢
fhe legs were sliways swelled up, and at wos
finally decided that rattlesnakes were neible

ws te ws

    

The replies were bold) too, and we tet
from us at oll They nearly took procs
of things until we wentout and Killed ff

hundred Saturday

 

  

  

 

 

      
    

 

 

arly Saturdes mOFnInE about fifty farmers
assembled at ny house Ne were comod with
clubs, awerds, patchforks and most everything

tee = We formed a dine reaching clear neross the
pasture, took a number of rat terners and started

t on blowing a horn like a cow's bawl
suakes swarmed outof ther holes, We x
them. They rattled, darted their forked tongues
ind plunged forward to meet us Our swords
and clubs swung right and left and the sisak
wept down to defentand death, Perhaps sone of
them escaped, but very few We willed 1s for
fully an hour, to thees tofover ;

A number of farmers were bi lew
but as poison antidotes were handy more st ff |
greatiojurs

One Warning sufflclent.
From the Philadephia Press
“Now, madam,” sald the erotehety Judge

who had been annoyed by the digressions of
previous female witnesses, “we want no hear-

  

say evidence, Teilorly what you know, Your
nawe, please.”
“Mary Jones,” replied the witness

“Your nage?” b
“Well—er—Lonly have hearsay evidence on
that point, so I wont answer

|

asked him whether he could have all the eggs
that were laid the week before Easter, so that he
might decorate them, and Mr. McKensie readily
consented, as he was proud of his boy's talent,
Austin counted on about a hundred eggs, but,
to his dismay, the hens stopped laying just one
week before Easter, Now, April is the greatest
month of the year for eggs, and this action on the
part of the hens was quite unaceountable, and in
the minds of Marian and Sarah unpardonable,
\ustin asked whether they could not buy some

| ges, but Mr. McKenzie was opposed to this, and

besides, all of their neighbors had regular cus

| tomers for their eggs, who took all that were laid,

|
|
}
|

Austin was greatly disappointed. Ile had 4
good deal of talent at drawing and paiuting,
and he had anticipated making pretty and quaint
designs on the egg® A hen that can lay and
wont lay should be made to lay, butit takes several
daystod:{t, andit was Good Friday before Austin
gave up ail hope of their beginning, and then ft
was too late to do anything in the forcing line,

He went out to the henhouse to feed them early
Saturday moming, and said to them -he had a
way of talking todumb beasts, as if they could
understand: "I don't see why you should stop
laying eggs just at this time, when we want them
more than ever.”

As he spoke he heard a rustling inthe straw
and saw two pink eyes looking at him. The
two long ears were cocked at him, and a rabbit
hopped boldly out and laughed at bim. Yes,
actually laughed at him. The hens did not seem
to fear this unusual occurrence intruder in the
least. In fact, the oldest of all went over to him,
and turning her head to one side said something
in hen language. And the rabbit answered in
Welsh, which is the language of most rabbits
in this country

Austin thought that there was more in this
than met hiseye or hisear, and he went out of
the henhouse and waited outside for @ half hour,
for he had the pauence of an Indian. At the
end of that time he heard a hen cackling and knew
that she bad laid an egy

‘Aha! they've begun at last,” said be, and
as he said it outcomes Mr. Cottontail with an egg
in his mouth, and hops off across the meadow
to the strip of woods that bounded iton the west

“Thats where they're going, is it? The hens
are supplying the rabbits with eggs, although
papa, and not the rabbits,is feeding them” He
was about to go into the henhouse when he saw
two other rabbits come out of the woods and hop
along the runway until they came to the henhouse,
which they entered at the hens’ exit, a small
hole cut in the west end

Austin stood sull to wait further developments.
He noticed that each rabbit bore tn his lips a
mouthful of grass and it struck him that he had |
wronged them; that they were paying fur their |
eggs in grass.

I suppose that the hens thought that the grass
thatgrewin the woods was richer than that which
grew in thelr vard. People and animals, too,
always prize @ thing that comes from afar more
than they do something that they can pick up
close at hand. ‘That paper cutter that your aunt
brought from Switzerland does not cut the pages
half as well as the back of the fruit knife does,
and yet you value it more

The rabbits presumably paid cash. -cr grass
and in a few minutes Austin heard two hens
cackle, aud he knew that two more eggs had
been laid, but before he could enter the house the
two bunnies bupped off, one with a white Brown
Leghorn egg and the other with a brown White
Plymouth Rock egg Just then he saw his two
sisters crossing We orchard. "Come here,” he
said, “and don't make any nolse. Funniest thing
that ever happened ”

‘The girls came Uptoeing over to him with the
exaggerated steps that ate always thought
necessary wheu quiet is the word, and as soun
as they were come to him he sald “I've found
out why we haven't any eggs. ‘The mb —sh-li!
Here come some more

He pointed as he spoke, and his sisters saw
four rabbits hopping in Indian file from the woods
to the henhouse ‘They did not seem to see the
childrep, or maybe they knew that they had no
violence to fear at their hands
peared in the henhouse
walt, during which time
what had happened

Now came # chorus of cackling, in which they
could distinguish four parts with a solo every
now and then The four garts were taken by
a Silver Wyandotte, @ Bull Cochin, a White Leg
horn and a Black Spanish, and the solo was sung

And right well and

for they disap
lien ensued another
Austin told the girs

by a light Brahma rooster
lustily he sang it

“Aren't you golug to get them
Wait,”

older

asked Marian
said Austin
was several than his

waited \ moment later out hopped the f
rabbits with four eggs of different sizes and col
nung

mw dear” said Sarah, clasping

and as he
they

“Not this Ume
years sisters
ue
m™,
but allequally good for Master dec
Don't they |
hands oseiously and looking “dear’

her un

herself

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

cried Saral And sure enough, five big rabbite
came hopping along and entered the henhouse
‘Waita minute, sald Austin, and he ran iate

the house. He came out in a moment “The

\ five big black Langshans are on their nests and

a rabbit is sitting in front of each box.”

Austin lad barely announced this when deep
cackles from the Langshans told the childrea
that the egers were ready for delivery

Outand off hopped the five rabbits with Ave enor
mous eg@s and every hen bad laid. After thay
although the rooster did « good deal of talking
and seemed to be congratulating the ladies of
bis household on thetr remarkable record, the
hens became silent and devoted themaelves to
eating (be grass and picking at insects on the roow
which had been I:f. by the rabbits

“Well, if L hadn’* seen that | nevar eould nawe
believed it,” said Marian

“It only shows,” said Sarah, “that animals are
more intelligent than we think them.”

“Lut it doesn't give to us the big day's supply
of ewes for decorating,” said Austin ruefully

They all went into the house to tell thelr mother
and the rabbit: busied themselves in @ way that
would have keenly interested the children if they
could have seen them

As I have indicated, the McKenzies were kind te
dumb animals, and this rather unusual proceeding
on the part of the rabbits and the bens were part of
4 programine thatthe rabbits originally suggested
and the butterflies and hens had eagerly seconded

If you could have been near the rabbit warrene
Justa week previous you would have heard one ofe
cloud of buttertiles of every possible hue saying to
a rabbit “Well gladly do it if there ie @ rainbow
before Easter, but you can't expect us to give
tip the color on our wings, as that is our only
beauty. But if there is a rainbow well help
you gladly, as we can then getall the color we want
and those children are certanly worth pleasing,
because they never chase us.’

What it meant it would have pusaled me to
explain at that time, but the rabbit evidently
understood, and rising upon hia hind lege he
sniffed the air and looked at the clouds in @
weatherwise way

liut, although it was April and there were
plenty of showers, there were no rainbows up
to the tine that all the eggs bad been gathered
by the rabbits, and old Mr Cottontail, who had
managed affairs so far, said w his wife: “I'm
afraid we can't do it after all. To-morrow will
be Easter.”

Along about 5 o'clock Saturday afternoos
there came up a heavy shower just as Austin
was about saddling Cesar to ride to town, and

he was disappointed enough when his mother

said that he could not go. Mowever, he was @
boy who could bear disappointment manfully,
and sy, instead of pouting, he went up to his room,
and getting out 4 lot of cards, he began to paint

little Faster pictures to give to the different mem-

bers of the family at breakfast next morning.

But Marian and Sarah did not take it quite as

well

“IT think the rain is just horrid, and so are the

rabbiis.”
“Our whole Easter will be spotled,” gald Marian,
“Say, girls,”
at that rainbow.
Tecan go, I guess.”

And the rain is stopping.

The girls looked and saw the largest and most

vivid rainbow that had ever arched itself in the
heavens. And while they watched the glorious
colors two clouds of butterflies, whose hues rivaled
those of the rainbow, flew from its two bases,
avd following its arch met at the top, and thea
flew from it w the western woods and disappeared
in ite shadows

Austin burst {nto the room,
did you see that”

“I say, girls,

“Yes. Wasn'tit queer” said Marian. “Wasn't
it lovely?” said Sarah. “How could we eee them
so far’ ‘They seemed to brush the rainbow with

their wings.”

“Well, we've seen enough strange and pretty
things to-day to reconcile us to the loss of the

called Austin from his room, “look

Fastereges," eontinued Sarah, as hereyes watched

the rapidly fading rainbow
“Especially,
them every Easter so far,” added Marian.
"Well, wa won't have to this time,” said Austin,

as we've gotten along without

“I know Mamma will let me go down, now that

it has stopped raining.”

And in a few minutes he was off on old Cesar

and the girls flew to thelr mother to see if she

covt help them make some dyes for coloring

uf the eggs.
although Mra

avilh’

Hyut McKenzie was generally

4 mine of suggestions to her children when they
werein a quanudrary,she had never done any dyeing

and did not know how to go to work to get asingle
color except by using blueing, and the girls did
not think that would make a very pretty shade of

blue

They set the table for thelr mother, and thes
they puton their rubbers and went out to get come
early wild flowers, and while they were in the

field they saw Austin returning —-eggless.

“Its no use,” he called to them “The fates
areagainatua They were all out of eggs at both
stores, Expected some more this evening, bud
Teouldn't wait We'll have to get along without ®

lam inclined to think there waea tearin 6arah'e

eye and another one was already to roll out of
Marian's eye, but Marian threw her head up end
Sarah turew her head up, the tears rolled back
and the gitls went on picking early wild flowers
like sensible children

. . . . . . ° °

While the family sat at breakfaet Faster morm
ing admiring the pretty conceit that Austin’s
brush had created on cardboard Mr. Austin noticed
a neighbor staring at their front doorway.

"Do you suppose the house ig afire, Margaret?
said be, calling irs Austin’s attention to the mag,
whose mouth and eves were wide open

Allfive jumped to thelr feet and ran te the
front door, which Mr. Austin opened.

There on the front stepa and extending dowa
the path to the gate sat one hundred rabbits, and
each rabbit held an egg in his paws as @ squirrel
holds anit But such eggs!

The butterittes had, indeed, been to the ralm
bow and had borrowed colors from tt, but how tn the
world they ever decorated those eggs with the
carling hues Leannot tell. Such transcendently

beautiful eggs sou, nor], never saw, at Faster u@

 

at any other time

Austin was the first to command hie tongue.

“Are these for us’” sald be to Mr. Cottontafly
who wa8 spokesman

The rabbit bowed his head solemnly and the
nin rrabbits bowed thelr heads, toa,
and then each one in turn went up and handed
ranother of the children

ty nine oth

 

 

  

Quick. wet the clothes basket! sald Mra. Mee
' vot 1 those v 1 ¢ the .
What do yous Di they will do with them | yeyy yj her husband, and in trith they needed
eat then” asked Manan it. ¢ hundred opgs take a good deal of room
o.” said Austi t le tinetire o
; Oh no, sid 1s .. with » lita a f | wi { last rabbit hed handed in hia egg
veotheriem ey ll paint pictures on the: ‘
1 gor the rian hey ly aD ' eu th formed a long sand bowed respectfully
he giths giggled at this, and Sarah said But, J tothe McKenzies ‘Phen each rabbit put a little
, i me they » been tv \
— Is - "i ; ve been taking them ever paw or * act and they faced about and hopped
since the eggs fell ot | ! '
off ar 1 ie and away to the wooda, fol-
Fell off what” asked Austin, teasinely ‘ \ diene and amused ejaculations
Oh, you 2? i Pomean To think that} ooo y ieotses and the netghbor who had
ols sasish 10 bien Ube Hoke Senbae Ke | ne Na fhe Cana aa
) join her \s » rabbits passed the hen-
T think the Lens will stop the - hot la ne | hy hen r crowed, and all the hens said
any more. Thats seven fen Ady this mornin | one ther in their own language
hare are « vy twenty hon }
and th rea i went) : Hart ’ I ican imagine Jack
“Well, they must be wetting lazy, then.” said |
\ th yo mu 5 : : her vial | | ‘ wor i seven colors on the
Marian, “tf seven eggs ts all the eelab bay | a quaint conception of thete
so near Faster er
| ‘1
* c ¢ winting rd the des
Lavk id Sarah, poin : % ‘ ! | 15 ' pooled more than anething ta
hete come eight raboits, and thes VV | tender {Sarah was the fact that the rabbite
in their mouths | ! wit e g ip homoan friends te
Tey are certain’y buyin ' “gs a | ate ‘ x Laster sursrine for thet
Austin, “Tm not going | p them Say, |
have seme money it vy bank and [ll go ¢ So Pine Folbaceo in Cnba.
town and buy some ease eves this ey *
fl n » ' jron Pvening Star
They tl do just as well to decorate Aud bowont (pat. an t
disturb rablit Aly rh | = sles SMOnAE mene,
efit ; ; . ites , ' \ hounoun tuna Puerto Ries,
we Will The fiw ‘ .
erow ‘ : { ' Ordnance Corps
ewes this morning
« ; rf ; yooreturmed from = those
Pent A cedbebie \ a -
. y * well known,  to-
bits should be wewtir OSES jae al fede
and every one usee
Before any one Ned answer there arise a st | '
cheerful din inside, the din that anr ! siti > Co
; . in a . ven if thes wanted to use
laying of exe
, eoonople reason
I] guess they are laying twle sh ari ’
"No, hens neverlay twier. ina es Vrrinn on ees pe The natives
Pi area gs hist ) ' ‘ weet troots end
& Bot y louy we ‘ a id not know wnul
Here the eight rabbits hopped ont of the we! bere Were some hee
and bere away eight nice fresh ery ' ' I ‘ , wing Wp
re 4 % 2 , i aoe todulged tn
Well, thats fiitees W they ve sated ' ! ' nd erlo
exeenot five.’ seid Vu ’ 1 wonder ANS mor t tobn r re , ied to pope
will come. 1 believe tt ee etlat heen ' he idea of getting
" }
a different one ' ay F bi
; we ‘ ere ' b ,
“OM course, They couldnt all be the same ‘ Their ; oie i smokin
answered Marian with # cay ‘ttle laugl : mn? pte pe id
“Rabbits cap count Hiere come five more,” j in the Spanish langue for sthont ic whee