10 BENEFITNEW YORK CITY,

9UKR GREAT ORGANIZED FORCE AT
WORK FOR THIS CITI'S GOOD,

Varied in Their Methods and Objects They |

Are Striving to Make the City More At-
tractive, Healthful and Prosperous-A
Long List of General and Specific Pur-
poses to Which They Are Devoted- Some
of the Best Koown Organizations,
Public associations to work for the good, or the
furtherance of special interests for the benefit of
the general community, increase in number and
fm multiplicity of aim in New York year by year.
Bt is safe to say also, that thelr efficiency Increases,
as their experience gives them = enlightment,
taking them out of the ranks of radical and im-
practical reformers, and as their understanding
@f the value and the limitations of organization
ecome clearer and better defined, Formal al-
Mances for united effort have taken place between
gome of them from time to time for certain objects,
but there exists no central body in which all of the
publio or semi-public associations are represented,
As yet the desirability of such an organization
has not presented itself to the men working in the
diversified interests which have led to the forma
ton of the various societies,

THE MERCHANTS’ ASSOCIATION,

The Merchants’ Association in {ts certificate
of incorporation sets forth the objects of the organi-
gation as being “to foster trade and commerce and
the interests of those having trade, business and
@nancial interests 1n common tn the State of New
York and elsewhere, to reform abuses relative
thereto or affecting the same; to diffuse accurate
end reliable information on matters pertaining
thereto; to procure uniformity of op!nion and action
@nd co-operation between its members, and to
procure a moro enlarged, united and friendly
intercourse and action between business men.”

William F. King is President of the association,
and among the directors are Frederic W. Wurster,
William EF. Tefft, Meyer Jonasson and John H.
Btarin. The association has been industrious In
taking hold of public questions as well as plans for
inducing buyers to come to the city since its organt
gation and has taken care to let the public know of
what it was doing. Of late it has been devoting
every energy to the defeat of the Ramapo water
echeme. distributing circulars in which, besides
presenting arguments to support Its position,
{t has characterized the scheme as threatening
the State with “one of the greatest monopolies
known in the history of the country,” and drawing
attention to what it described as the “excessive
dangers now threatening the water rights of the
cities, towns and villages of the State.” Before
going into the campaign to defeat the scheme in
the Legislature the association induced the Board
of Public Improvements to suspend action on the
Ramapo contract for three months to enable the
association tom ake an investigation of the matter

In the fight to get better Post Office factiities for
this city the association has sent out great num
bers of circular letters calling the people's atten
tion to the fact that the New York Post Office {snot
a local office, but really a national clearing house,
and asking the recipients to address their Senators
and Representatives in Congress urging action
for the relief of this city and all the interests de
pendent upon {tin postal and business affairs. ‘The
circulars mention the fact that the facilities of the
office here have not been materially increased,
except for local mails, in many years, while thein
land mails of the city have Increased more than
200 per cent in nine years.

Another scheme upon which the assoctation
has worked Is that for a permanent exposition
fn this city with a view to furthering export
trade, The association took up the matter of the
relief of Puerto Rico, and recommended that the
tariff be arranged so it might have an outlet for its
products. A committee of the association, after
anexamination, made a report to President McKin-
ley upon the question of the revision of the customs
laws. The committee was appointed at the Presi
dent's suggestion.

Hesides these subjects and the matter of reduced
fares to this city, President King enumerates in
his report among the matters upon which the as
sociation has been active, the new classification
of freight rates by the railroads, the suit insti
tuted by the association to determine the respon-
sibility for the paymentof the stamp tax on oR press
companies, the question of taxation methods in
this State the improvement of the canals. and the
reformation of the United States consular ser
vice. The association has two classes of mem-
bers, those of this city and vicinity who are voting
end active members, and those from elsewhere
who have no votes, but enjoy the privilege of cheap
fares to New York as members of the assoclauon
attending its convention here. The association
has in circulation pamphlets setting forth the
desirability of New York as a place to visit in
the summer, with its many near by places of
seaside resort,

REFORM IN TAXATION,

Organizations of commercial interests to work
for the prosperity of the town and of taxpayers
to promote the general good of the city were
among the earlier of these associations, Many

of the best-known citizens desirous of effecting |

@ change of system of taxation have formed one
of the solidest of these organizations, This is
the New York Tax Reform Association, of which
not much is heard in the public prints, but which
has been among the most persistent of these organ
{zations working for the public good, Organiad
here and sustained chiefly by New Yorkers, the
association has reached out through the State
aud has secured the cooperation of workers in
the different counties, as the only way to accom
plish its aims,

Julien T. Davies is President of this association,
John Claflin Vice-President, and among the mem
bers are Cooper, Hewitt & Co., Dodd, Mead & Co.,
James M. Constable, Smith Ply, Jr., Steinway
& Sons, D. 0. Mills, George R. Read, Phelps,

Dodge & Co., J. Pierpont Morgan & Co,, Amos |
s'

F. Eno, Charles S. Fairchild, Lord & Taylor,
Beadleston & Woerz, Rogers, Peet & Co,, Brown
ing, King & Co, A. D, Juilliard & Co,, Henry
Holt, Seth Low, the Yale ard Towne Manufacturing
Company, W. R. Grace & Co., Lawrence Turnure
& Co,, Oelrichs & Co., and Bradley Martin, The
eupport of the association is in voluntary contri
butions of from $10 to $500, A Joint Committee
represents the Vax Reform Association, the
Brooklyn Revenue Reform Club and the Local
Taxation Committee of the Reform Club of Man-
hatian,

In arecent letter sent out,the President of the as-
Bociation says

“The report of the Stranahan Committee proves
that the work of the association in advocating
the entire abolition of taxes on personal property is
bearing fruit. Thecommitteesays: ‘Itisevident
that there are many intelligent and thoughtful
persons in the State who firmly believe that the
Great reform of taxation lies in the exemption of
Personal property And the arguments sub
mitted by them in support of their position are
supported by able reasouing.’ We believe thatthe
owners of real estate will be benefited by the entire
@bolition of the attempt to assess personal prop
erty, which always results in injustice and injury
to the whole community. ‘There are many large
feal estate owners among our contributors, s
that this is nota class movement.”

The platform of the association says

The most direct taxation ts the best, because it gives
to the real payers of taxes @ conscious and direct
pecuniary Interest in honest and economical govern-
ment
» Mortgages and expital engaged In production or
@ade should be exempt from taxation; because taxes
On capital tend to drive it away, to pul @ premium on
@shonesty and to discourage industry

Real estate should bear the main burden of taxa
ton; because such taxes can be must easily, cheaply
and certainiy collected, and because they bear least
heavily on the farmer and the worker

Besides real estate taxes, corporations should pay
fn taxes only the fair value of the franchises they ob
fain from the people

No Legisiatire will venture to enact a good system
of loca) taxation untW the people, especially the farm-
ers, pereeive the eogreet principles of tastation and
Bee the folly of taxin® personal propert:

Therefore, We desire to unite our efforts to keep up
Onteliigert discussion and agitation of the subject of

taxation, with a view t) improvement tn the system
and enlightenment as to the eerrect principies.

 

 

In 1898 the association began the work of form-

 

|

 

 

|
|

ing committees in different parts of the State to |

work in conjunction with its efforts, and that plan
was continued last year, when new conimittees
were formed in eleven counties. Representatives
of the association went about the State addressing
farmers’ clubs and granges and business men's
@ssociations in cities. Nine hundred new mem
bers were added to the committees, making the
Membership over 1,700 in all. In some counties

the committegs include members of the Boards of

“ex

po?

 

| Marble

7

NP tele ition a

a Nae ip

 

Supervisors and Departments of Assessment
The association's annual report says

“Three representatives of the association have
been at work in different parts of the State calling

personally upon members of committees and
| others interested, and getting them to write to
Senator Stranahan recommending bome rule tn
| taxation and inortgage exemption, In the city
of New York labor organizations/have been asked

to adopt resolutions favoring the Dill for home rule |

in taxation, and over sixty unions, some of which
are the largest and most influential in the elity,
have done so, and forwarded them to Senator
Grady, who is the member of the Joint Committee
from the city of New York.”

TO IMPROVE AND BEAUTIFY THE CITY

Eight years ago the City Improvement Society
was incorporated “to promote the improvement
and beautifying of the city, and to assist and
stimulate the authorities in enforcing the laws
relating to such objects” It is supported by con
tributions from its Executive Committee and sub-
seribing members. In one sense it ts a sort of
central bureau of complaint, as it announces its
willingness to receive from residents of New York
any complaints within the scope of its work, and
promises that they will be presented to the au-
thorities, who will be urged to show them proper
attention Dr. Frederic Danne is the president
of the society, J. ©. Pumpelly is the secretary,
and there are besides these on the Executive Com-
mittee Noyes ©, Wooster, J. Edward Weld, Howell
H. Barnes, Stevenson Constable, Dr. George B.
Fowler and Charles W. Watson,

Among the complaints especially invited by the
society are any for violations of the sanitary code
and city ordinances. They specify the follow-
ing: Ashes or garbage thrown into the gutters
or allowed to remain there; the placing of recep-
tacles for the same on the sidewalk between the
stoop line and the curb; failure on the part of build
ers or contractors to remove debris and clean up
the streets after their operations; allowing vacant
lots to become a nuisance;permitting black smoke,
soot or foul odors to escape from the chimneys of
factories or other buildings; the beating of carpets
where the dust from them may be driven into occu
pled premises; failure on the part of the street
ear companies to provide clean and comfortable
cars or tu run the same during the night at regular
intervals as the law requires; failure of the em-
ployees of these companies or the ferry companies
to call the attention of persons spitting on the
floors of the cars or boats to the sanitary regula-
tion forbidding that, or to cause the arrest of per-
sistent violators of that regulation; the encum-
bering of the sidewalks, even by the placing of
stepping stones at the curb or allowing them to
remain there, or the failure to complete repairs
for which sidewalks may have been removed or
broken up in as prompt 4 manner as may rea-
sonably be expected. Complaints about birds,
dogs or other animals for disturbance of sleep,
health or comfort will be entertained only when
the complainant is willing to make affidavit setting
forth that the noise disturbs rest to the detriment
of health

One of the things now interesting the City Im-
provement Society is a seheme for the cremation
of garbage, which it is desired to have the munic
ipal government adopt. It provides for the estab-
lishment of incirerating furnaces at convenient
places in the different parts ofthecity. Asamong
the most frequent violations of law in the city the
society enumerates, with various other ones al-
ready specified, iusolence by a policeman, “civilly
addressed in the line of his duty — specifying his
number aud location (as near as possible) at the
time.” All these things, and many more, the
society sets forth in a pamphlet which it publishes
and distributes under the title, “Information for
the Residents of New York City ”

THE WEST END ASSOCIATION
One of the oldest of the real estate associations

in the city is the West End Association, the first
meeting of which was held on Feb. 1, 15484, when
the iwenty-five or thirty persons who began the
movement called themselves the Citizens’ West
Side Improvement Association, ‘The meeting was
held at 408 West Seventy-tirst street. The as-
soclauon was incorporated under its present
name in the following year. It includes among
its objects, besides the Improvement of that part
of the city west of Eighth avenue lying between
Fifty-ninth ana Manhattan streets, the “bringing
together of the residents of that district for their
better acquaintance and for their general and
mutual benetit.”

The second article of its constitution declares
that itis distinctly understood that the association
shall not be in any sense @ political organization,
All persons of age who are residents or property
owners in the region covered by the organization 3

efforts are eligible to membership in it. It has
committees on local improvements, sanitary
affairs, grievances, taxation, legislation, law

and schools; besides house, membership and fi
nance committees; and the Committee of the Whole
consisting of all the members may be called to-
wether by the President In emergency

From 1884 the Boulevard received considerable
attention from the association until it became
a part of Broadway last year. Part of the ume

»ypropriations were made by the society for the

Seoning of cross walks. From 1858 the associa-
tion worked for the enactment of laws to protect
the Riverside Park and for its completion. From
1891 ull 1805 it struggled with final success for
the passage of laws under which it secured the
removal ut the Seventy-ninth street dump and
the certainty that so long as the Jaw passed in
the latter year remains on the statute books the
dump cannot be reestablished or any other es
tablished on the Riverside Park waterfront
The association fought the threatened encroach-
ment of the projected North River bridge upon
the park land until in 1885, it had “the satis
faction of kKnowtng that the bridge would not be
allowed to land on the park front”
— it was among other West Side organizations
in strenuous opposition to the laying of four
tracks to be used by the under trolley cars in
Amersterdam avenue. It sent to Aibany in this
cause a delegation of fifty members In 4
pamphlet issued this year the association says

“The association has, from the ume of its
formation, interested itself in and taken action
upon almost) every question, great or small, re-
lated to the material interests of the West kind
The condition of the streets, their pavements
and sidewalks, the enforcement of the ordinances
regulating traffic therein, the providing of proper
facilives for rapid transit, the establishment and
maintenance of good public schools in’ buildings
architecturally suited) to their surroundings,
the establishment and maintenance of proper
postal facilities, the securing of better equipment
and serviee by the elevated as well as the surface
rallroad the improvements of public parks and
squares’ all have been the subject of constant
effort on the part of the association, through
correspondence, the work of Its committees at-
tending before city authorities or at Albany before
the Legislature, and a great deal of work by in-
dividual members at all times”

The association has rooms in the Hotel Endicott
Its officers are President, Cyrus Clark; Vice
Presidents, James Van Dyek Card, John ©, Cole-
man aud James J. Phelan; Treasurer, J. BE. Leay-
craft; Secretary, George I. Sheppard

IMPROVEMENTS IN THE BRONX

In that picturesque borough, The Bronx, there
is an organization, more or less picturesque in
itself, which has grown up slowly, its existence
in its present form dating back only five years.
The organization is practically an outgrowth
of and successor to the old North Side Taxpayers’
Association which secured the annexauion to
the county of New York of the towns of Mor-
risania, West Farms and Kingsbridge back in
1878. It is the Central Taxpayers’ Alliance
Society, which now has its own home, called
Alliance Hall, in Third avenue near 175th street,
and devotes itself in @ broad way to the interests
of the iumense region of the city nortn of the
Harlem River. One of its members said

‘Years ago one man wanted the Harlem Hiver
improved, another Wanted to develop some prop-
erty over on tne Sound, another wanted school
houses built, another found himself with an estate
which was eating up bis substance in taxes with
no hope of ever ylelding bim an income None
of them could accomplish anything himself and
they finally got together and by means of asso
ciation we have got our Harlem River docks;
Van Cortlandt Park came from the tied-up es
tate, and among the numerous other improve
ments secured for this section has been the splendid
system of parks that distinguisn The Drona.
We wanted home rule in public improvements,
and as the Legislature was afraid to trust the
city government of New York we got it, and it
was from our system that the charter makers
for the present city of New York got the borough
system, which, however, they emasculated, leav
ing the farm, but taking away all power from the
local board

Associations were formed in all the little set
tlements of this region, associations of residents
and of property owners, and five years ago they
united in the formation of this central body
organization works for itself and looks out for
its own district and interests, but when anything
is to be accomplished that requires concerted
action the Central Taxpayers’ Alliance attends
w it and foots the bills.’

Included in the alliance are the Fordham and
West Morrisania clubs, the Williamsbridge Im
provement League, the

Trade and these associations: Bedford Park,
Belmont, Woodlawn, Tremont, Wakefield, Fair
mount, Highbridge, Kingsbridge, West Farms,
Westchester, Williamsbridge Centre, Williams-
bridge Taxpayers’, Unionport, Van Nest, Spring-
hurst, Fairmount, Morrisania, Morris Heights,
Hill, Vyse estate, Hunt's estate, Fox
estate, Model Building and Loan, Property
Owners of 167th street and vicinity, and property
owners of the ‘Twenty-third Ward. Col } \
Croulden is the President of the alliance. The
Rev. Frank M. Clendenin and Louis Haflen ap-
pear in its list of Vice-Presidents

For public improvements in that territory there
has been spent $24,000,000 For several years
the pee up there tried to get a map of the dis-
trict. In 1506 the map was completed and since
that time, according to the last report of the Pres «

¢
te

ach |

dent of the alliance, great workaof private enter
rive have been started there and new buildings
nave been projected of an average total value
of 810,000,000 a year Within seven years the
population of the territory bas doubled, People
who smiled at the delegations of the alliance
which have so frequently demanded the atten-
tion of the authorities at the City Alall may be
interested in reading 4 paragraph of Col, Goulden's
address at the last annual 1 eeting of the alliance
“Our work bas been fruitful and pleasant during
| the last four years, We have many times repre
sented the borough before the Mayor, Tax Comm &
sioners, Park, Bridge and other city commissions,
legislative committees and borough, city and
State executives, And we are now in @ position
to go further and carry on by our well-ordained
system the good work that has been so well ini-
Uated in the past and make this territory of ours
the fairest on God's footswol.”

Enumerating some of their accomplishments
Col. Goulden said

“The Allance obtained through trains on the
Third Avenue elevated road, the new Willis
avenue bridge which is nearing completion, the
borough building, the street line extended east
and West through ‘Tremont avenue, encouraged
good and defeated bad legislation, a five cent
fare to Mount Vernon, Yonkers and New Rochelle,
secured relief in manny matiers affecting the
health and well-being of the people, new senool-
houses, bridges over the railroads, and in a gen-
eral way made the beautiful Brons borougn 4
happier and more convenient place of abode.”

WOKK ON COMMERCIAL LINES,

The Chamber of Commerce and its activities
between its annual dinners, in an existence of
more than a century, are more or less @ familiar
subject. Another commercial body whieh for
more than a quarter of a century has been oc-
cupying itself with public matters in furtherance
of the general commerce and prosperity of the
city is the New York Board of Frade aud Trans-
portation. Jt was organized in 1473 and incor-
porated in 1875, William EH. Parsons 1s. Presi-
dent, and Darwin R. James, William Jay Schief
felin, Simon Sterne, William Brookfield and Charles

 

THE

 

some good during the fifteen years of ite existence,
encouraged by the present general state of Pros
perity of this country and the great developinent
} of its immense resources, both commercial and
industrial, and by the greatly inereasing demand
of American products from abroad, the Halian
Chamber of Commerce bas determined to enlarge
its scope, and to this end is submitting the present
circular letter to the consideration of American
manufacturets and exporters in general with @
view of obtaining valuable additions to its roll
of membership. As you ate doubtlessly aware,
Italy is now a fertile Held fog American products
and manufactures, and will be even more se tn

 

 

the near future, and through the Italian Chamber |

of Commerce you may obtain reliable informations
and advantages that will avail you considerably
in your export business in that direction,’

The Chamber publishes every month a review,
the ddivista Commerciae, Coroner Zucea is the
President of the Board of Directors

Of similar character is the French Chamber
of Commerce, established in 1406, the President of
whichis Henry Ie. Gourd, The Chamber publishes

a monthly bulletin, the French Government hay. |

ing requested it to establish the publleavon
The Manufacturers’ Association of New York
is a Brooklyn organization whose name tells its
character, The Merchants and Manufacturers’
Board of Trade, of which (©. Shayne is Presi
dent, became pretty widely known as the organt
zation through whone efforts chiefly the
rsonal baggage limitation was ineorpotated
no the Federal law. The City Club has objects
which make it properly named The Reform
Club is among the organizations which discuss
ublic matters, Over in Long Island City there

nas been in existence for several years a Committee |

of Forty, which aims to further the Ilackwells
Island bridge project.
TREE PLANTING ASSOCIATION CENTRE

The Tree Planting Assoctauoneof New York
aims to beautify the city and do good at the same
time by planting trees in the streets and avenues,
and it suggests that one or more residents of
each block form a club and unite in sending an
order for trees to a nurseryinan, General infor

  

A. Schieren are among the we Showa, We mation is furnished to those interested by the
appearin in its Gieectogate Frees pea assocation, Among the early. pronerty hold
ner is the Secretary ts membership, YS fers’ associations formed was the Washington

A pamphlet issued by the organization, “embraces
representatives of every kind of reputable busi-
ness in this city,” and of the results of its work
the pamphlet says that they have been and are
being enjoyed by every business man Jn. New
York Under the caption “Some of the Things
Accomplished,” the pamphlet says of the board:
“Barly in its existence it induced the truak
lines of railroad to construct grain elevators at
their terminals here, [t was most active in secur-
ing the abolition of tolls on our State canals. It
infuated the movement for improving our State
canals, and has organized and conducted that
Work to the present time
“It secured the organization of the Interstate
Commerce Commission and the New York State
avauroad Commission, It worked unceasingly
for a national bankruptey law, directed this move-
ment entirely for many years, and, with the Bos-
ton Merchaats’ Association, did more than any
other organization in the country to secure its
passage at the last session of Congress, The re-
peal of the compulsory coinage feature of the Sher-
man Silver law was directly the result of a move-
mentinitiated and carried 04 finish by this board,
after other sound money organizations had
despaired
“Tt secured the passage of the present State law
which limits preferences by failing debtors to a
percentage a their assets. It secured the or-
anization of the State Forestry i
t secured the passage by the Constitutional Con-
vention, and the ratification by the people, of the
amendment for the preservation of our State for-
ests, on which our canals and even the naviga-
tion of the upper Hudson depend, and it defeated
by an overwhelming vote of the people the at
tempt in 1596 to repeal that amendment.
“It has repeatedly defeated the Tax Listin
bill and other personal tax bills proposed at Al-
bany by rural legislators Svery merchant of
New York is indebted to the New York Board of
Trade and Transportation for direct and large
pecuniary benefits from this alone
“The board bas fought for reasonable telephone
charges for fourteen sears. This fight will be
continued until successful. The board passed
the law creating the State Naval Miliua in New
York, and initiated the organization in Penn
aylvania, Rhode Lsland, California and New Jer-
sey. In 1805 the Board of Trade and Trans-
portation originated the movement to bring buy-
ers to New York on reduced fares.”
The intluence of the Board of ‘Trade and ‘Trans-
portation is now represented in a joint committee
Working to secure new Post Office facilives for
New York and the legislation necessary for the
in this effort are the Man-

Commission.

 

same. With the boarc
ufacturers’ Association, the Merchants’ Asso-
ciation, the Merchants and Manufacturers’

Board of Trade, the Staten Island Chamber of
Commerce, the New York Lumber Trade Asso-
elation, the Wholesale Grocers’ Association of
New York and Vicinity, the Mercantile macnange
(composed of butter, cheese and_egg men), the
North Side Board of Trade, the Republican and
Democratic clubs, the Arion Society, the New
York Retail Grocers’ Union, the United Retail
Grocers’ Association of Brooklyn, the Retail
Butchers’ Mutual Protective Association of New
York, the New York Furniture Warehousemen's
Association, the New York branch of the National
League of Commission Merchants and the Paint,
Oil and Varnish Club of New York.

It is said that it was a difference in
among some of the members of this board aa to
the best methods by which to bring out-of town
merchants and buyers to New York that led
to the establishment of the Merchants’ Associa-
tion three years ago. Friends of the older asso-
elation say that the way desired by the new or-
ganization and first used by them was held to be
a Violation of the Interstate Commerce law and
Secretary Gardner of the older board says that no
less an authority in law than Simon Sterne
so declared it to be, and that that was why the
older board did not adopt the method. It is said
that eny city feeling itself aggrieved could have
blocked the scheme, but that because the mer-
chants of other places thought that they might
want to do the same thing themselves they re-
frained from raising the point at the beginnin
and that since then the plan within the law o!
holding conventions, when the reduced fares may
legally be granted by the railroads, has commended
itself as the better one to all such organizations,

HARLEM'S BOARD OF COMMERCE,

The Harlem Board of Commerce, which was
organized in 1496, has been a very active body
One of the things it wants to do now is to secure
a new hospital in place of the dilapidated and
inadequate one known as the Harlem Hospital.
The new one itis desired to have situated at Lenox
avenue and 135th street. It also wants to have
125th street paved with asphalt, the old aquare
block pavement which is now down in that street
having been there it is said for more than twenty
years. The board is also at work to have the
Hudson River steamboats stop at 120th streef,
where it has been instrumental in having a pier
built for them. It hopes to succeed this sum-
mer, although there is as yet some hitch, it is
said, with the Dock Board. After persistent
efforts this Harlem board accomplished the seem-
ingly impossible and induced the New
New Haven and Hartford Railroad to stop thirty-
eight trains a day at 125th street. It also a“
to work vigorously to prevent the abolition o
the 125th street station which was proposed when
the new viaduct was built for the tracks in upper
Fourth avenue, andthe station was continued,
The board secured the change in the plan for
the approach to the present Third Avenue Bridge
so as to make reom for the plaza which extents
now down to 128th street, and it has just brought
about an amendment to the law extending the
possible width of the proposed bridge at Lenox
avenue and 145th street to ninety feet It was
to bave heen fifty-seven feet wide, The objects
of the board are in a general way to further meas
ures which will conduce to the welfare of Harlem,
Its officers are William A. Martin, President;
William H) Payne, Treasurer; Warren A. Leonard
Secretary, Isaac A Hopper, J. M. Horton and
if. C. F Koch are among the directors,

The North Side Board of Trade, which was
orpanized at Melrose in 1494 and is te be at home
at 148th street and Willis avenue after May 1,
Jays to its credit as work accomplished the put-
ting through of the plan for the Concourse, the
completion of the Harlem River Ship Canal, the
new Second Avenue Bridge to Willis avenue,
and a share in the project of building a bridge
at Lenox avenue and 145th street The objects
of the board are the improvement of the commer-
cial and general interests of the North Side, as
it used sometimes to be called, The Bronx as it
is usually termed now. The officers of the board
are James L. Wells, President; Ernest Hall, First
Vice-President; Otho G. Angle, Secretary, Charles
W. Borart, Treasurer, Louis P. Haffen is among
the Vice-Presidents

STATEN ISLAND IMPROVEMENTS

Richmond has its public advancement associa-
tion in the Staten Island Chamber of Commerce
organized in 1895 to promote the property anc
commercial interests of the island he body
las been the means of bringing factories to Staten
Island, helped to secure the reduction of the ferry
fare from this borough from ten cents to five,
secured a survey for a 2)-foot) channel
through the Staten Island kills and the recom
mendation of the Secretary of War that the work
of construction be begun, worked for the abate
ment of the Constable Hook nuisance, and now
aims to secure better transportation facilities
between the boroughs of Richmond and Man-
hattan. In the effort to secure a survey for the
desired twenty-one-foot channel in the kills, the
Chamber invited the co-operation of the Boards
of Trade of Newark, Elizabeth, Passaic, South
Amboy, Perth Ainboy and Bayonne, all of which
worked with them In the movement to secure
better ferry facilites it is the aim to get boats
which, carrying passengers only, shall leave
both terminals every fifteen minutes and make
the trip from the Battery to St. George in fifteen
minutes and to have the old boats used as freight
carriers between places on the north and east
shores of Staten Island and this borough, The
subject has been brought before President Cram
of the Department of Docks and Ferries

The Chamber aims to secure the establishment

opinion

 

 

 

 

Bast Chester Board of |

of technical schools on Staten Island, where a tenth
of the population are now employed in manufact
uring industries, It is intended to teach mathe-
; matics and freehand drawing, chemistry and
electricity. There is promise of the success of the
lan \ free library has been established at
ottenville, The Chamber was also instrumental
in the formation of the Staten Island Tree Plant
ing and Protective Association, and many trees
have been planted by its members along the Rich
| mond highway. Charles Wo Hunt is President
of the chamber, which, although made up of resi
dents of Richmond, maintains an office on lower
Broadway, which is in charge of Cormelius G
Kolff, the Sceretary
TWO PORFIGN CHAMBERS OF COMMEROR.
The Italian Chamber of Commerce in this city
last fal! sent outa circular which speaks for itself,
It read mn pers
“With the knowledge o/ having accomplished
(

 

 

 

York, | with the blanket, he grappled in the «

Heights Taxpayers’ Association, Another or
ar zation on the Heights was the Washington
feighis Progressive Association, both were
formed to secure improvements for the Heights
territory, but chiefly to obtain rapid transit for
that district, Lawson N. Fuller, Thomas Alex
ander and Corporation Counsel Whalen have
been among the active participants in the long
continued efforts ww secure rapid transit for this
region, Mr, Fuller finally got tired and went
it alone, and at last he moved out of the neigh
borhood, coming down the hill to what now is
included in the general term Harlem, Mr, Ful
ler says that had Jay Gould lived the elevated
road would have been extended to the Lleigtits,
as Mr. Gould belleved that the scheme was a
good one, as did Cyrus J. Field, who expended
effort and money in eonjunetion with Mr Ful
ler to secure transit for that district. When a
promise was once secured that the elevated road
would be extended to the Heights property went
up in value 20 per cent.) and Mr. Fuller is au
thority for the statement that one syndicate whose
members be knew of made a profitin sixty days
of $400,000, Some unbalanced enthusiasts, ac
cording to the estimate of the Heights people
got through the Legislature just at that time
the bill compelling the elevated roads tocharge
only @ five-cent fare throughout the day instead
of only at commission hours, and then the com
pany refused to build to Fort George, whereupon
the value of property fell off again, Mr, Fuller
fought the underground road project with the
hope of getting elevated transit 'o the Heights

Another local organization for the local public
benefit is the Good Citizenship League of Plush
ing, whose members, women, recently got Prof
lL. ©. Howard of the Smithsonian Institution
to come there and tell them how to abolish the
mosquito nuisance of their town, The League
of American Municipalities whoee aim is: the
the general improvement of every braneh of muni
cipal administration, maintains a bureau of in
formation in this city for the collection, compila
tion and dissemination of statistics, reports and
all kinds of information relative to municipal
government, the league being intended for the
co-operation of American cities in the practical
study of all questions pertaining to municipal
administration,

IN A DARK ROOM WITH ACOYOTIT,

The Strange Visitor That Came in the Night
to Ranchm MeMahon's Bedside.

 

Irom the Denver Times.

Is {t possible that there is, after all, a ground
work of truth under the old Indian belief that
when a@ Victor eats the heart of a fallen foe he
inherits the desirable qualities of that foe? A
case came to the attention of the police surgeon
this moming which reminds one very forcibly
of that legend.

M. J. MeMahon, a ranchman living near River
Bend on the Union Pacific road, eighty three miles
east of Denver, came into town this morning
for surgical treatment, and the story he tells ts
weird and startling in theextreme, Mr. MeMahon
is not much interested in the psychic phenomena
involved, nor is that to be expected when he ap

rehends that he is in danger of hydrophobia

he prevention of that dread malady and not the
solution of the problem. of transmigration oF
kindred questions is what brings him to Denver,

Mr. McMahon is a widower, and lives with
two of his hired hands at his ranch, Yesterday
morning he was awakened about 3 o'clock by a
heavy blow against the window near his bed
He lay still and listened, and presently he again
heard a sound asof a body being hurled against
the window. Three times this was repeated,
and at the fourth blow the window gave way
with a loud sound of splintering frame and fai
ing glass, and an animal sprang inte the room,
It was too dark for Mr. McMahon to see what kind
of a beast had come to visit him, The room was
very dark, and he had not 4 flrearm in the house,
nor & weapon ofany kind at hand. So he lay
quiet and waited. “he animal came up to the

bedside, and, instead of leaping upon bim as he |

had feared, it stood quietly looking at him, and
finally laid its head on the bed and gazed at him.
Its action was s) much like that of a collie which
Mr. MeMahon used to keep that he put out his
hand to touch it. He put his hand on the animal's
head and stroked it down over the back, as he
used to do to his dog, and he did this several mes
without a sound of @ motion on the part of his
strong Visitor,

Then the weirdness, the strangeness, the un-
naturalness of the uneanny situation dawned
upon bim, and he was seived with terror He
was certain that he had either a strange wild
beast from the plains or a mad animal to deal
with. His two hired men were asleep in the sex
ond room from his, and he was alone in the dark
ness with this strange presence His over
wrought nerves demanded action, and would
no longer remain. still Selzing a blanket he
leaped from the bed and, protecting bis hand

kness

Probably the challenge was
accepted, and a pair of great fangs pierced the
blanket and sank into his right hand With
his left McMahon gotagripon the brutes throat,

   

with the animal

  

and wrenched his right free, tearing two long
ashes in the flesh. Then, sull holding the
throat = with his left, he wound — the

blanket and coverlets round the beasts bead
fn an endeavor to smother it. His frantic grasp
on the throat of the animal was so flerce that
his thumb was sprained and almost dishoeated,
yet that writhing, leaping form Uireatened
momentarily to get free from his grip and elntch
his own throat. He screamed for his hired men
to bring a light that he might see, at least, what
he was fighting. They were soe slow in com
ing that he knew the baitle would be over Lefore
they arrived, so he threw his antagonist on the
floor and got outside the door

Than he told his hired men thesituation. They
lit lamps, armed themselves with clubs, and
peered cautiously in at the door At first thes
could see nothing, but they finally made out
the form of a very large coyote lying on the bed
He lay outstretched, with its paws on the pillow
and his head between them, just as the faithful
collfe used to lie. The men wanted to kill him
with their clubs, but Mr. MeMahon forbade it,
and told them to drive him into a vacant: room
and hold him prisoner. Mr. MeMathon went
to the kitchen and began to bathe his wounds
while the men prepared the room for the covote.

Before they were ready he leaped out at the
window by which he had entered, and walked
round to the kitchen. Standing on his hind
legs the animal placed his front feet on the window
sill and forseveral minutes stood gazing at Mr
McMahon as he cleansed his lacerated band
Then he fo down and walked dejectedly away
over the plain and was lost to sight.

Mr. MeMahon is greatly exercised over the
affair, believing that the brute was suffering from
rabies. Those who are disposed to delve into
the weird beliefs of the redmen are wondering
if this may not be the coyote who ate the heart
of the collfle, and is now inhabited by his spirit

HANDLING IRON ORi,

A Machine for Antomatically Unloading
the Ore From Steamers,

The iron ore mined at Lake Superior is carried
to the ore docks and dumped into the holds of
steamers ata cost of only a few cents a ton. A
great deal of it is quarried by steam shovels and
emptied directly into the cars, no human muscle
being expended from the time the shovel serapes

the ore from its native bed until the cargo reaches |

the lower lake ports, whence it ia seni to the snielt
ers. Until this time, however, no sueh inex
pensive means have been devised for transferring:
ore from the steamers to the doeks or the ears

which carry 11 to the furnaces \ great deal of

hand labor has been employed in this work with |

the result that though the transference from the
lake to the land has been quite a cheap process
it was still much more expensive than the trans
ference from land ty lake at the upper ports

Atlast, however, a new shovel has been lnvented
for handling iron ore in unloading steamers
The invention is said to have been tested
found capable of handling 1,500 tons per
with the employment of only three men to each
Shovel. It is expected that this innovation will
facilitate the handling of the great ore tratte
this year. A force of nearly one hundnd men
are now at work making the shovels.

It is said that this ingenious contrivance shovels
materiel on any side of it and can fill cars from
the steamer holds on either side of the steamer
Each shovel bas three distinet engines, and the
scoop may be made to cnt inte the ore piles to
any desired depth, A more economice! method
of Unloading ore steamers has long been a desid-
eratum, and if the problem has been solved
it will be to the advantage of the iron business,

 

 

 

SUN, SUNDAY, APRIL 15. 1500.

B10 |

A UNIQUE JOB IN POLITICS.

SELGUANI-AT-1RMS OF A
NATIONAL CONVENTION,

He Is Really the Business Manager of the
Meeting of Is Party and Has Varied
and Laborions Duties Long Work of
Preparation—Larga Sums Spent by Him.
In the eve of the public, the permanent chair-

Han of a national convention is by far the most

important officer of such a gathering, But there

is one other funetionary who is quite as indis-

: actual power

TH?

Pensable and often has greater
The chairman has no patronage, or next to none,
} at his command, but this other functionary,
| officially known as the sergeantatarms, gives
His tithe would be far more
the convention's busl-

itoout in chunks
accurate were he termed
er

int atarms is appointed by the con-
the National Com-

| hess mans

 
 

The serge
) Vention's subcommittee of
mittee.
are discussed and settled by the sub-committee,
but the carrying out of the details is intrusted
tu the sergeantatarms solely, In short, the
sergeantatarms is in the way of doing either
a good deal of good or a good deal of harm, ac
| cording to his lights. Financially, his responsi
bilities are heavy, sinee, besides the large amounts
he pays out in local expenses, he has to arrange
| in @ measure forthe oxpenditure of several times
aS mueh more, and thus the total expenses of a
convention may be greatly increased or decreased
by the sergeantatarms, It certainly may be
said with truth that he must be a man of excep
great capacity and unusual

 

Honal judgement,

execulive force

Naturally, one of the first things to which the
sergeantat arms must give attention is the build-
ing in which the convention is to be held. Tt is
not sufficient that it shall contain a big enough
auditorium to seat the delegates and others in
attendance, itmusthave many auxiliary features
that are possessed by few of the great halls. It
is Not too much, perhaps, to say that there is only
one building in the United States not built) or
remodelled expressly for the holding of a nationel
convention, that could be used for that purpose
Without many changes and additions This is
Madison Square Garden, in New York. In 1896
a building had te be specially erected for the Re
Pee Soar en ne in St. Louis, the city: thes
laying ne stracture at alladapted to convention
uses. This made the total convention cost of
that year very large, but the building remained
after the adjournmentof the eonventon, and will
be available for any like national gatherings
that may hereafter be held in St) Louis

Many thousands of dollars must be spent on
the hall in Philadelphia, in whieh the repent
convention. is to be held this year, Lefore it
will be ready forthe big gathering. ‘The auditor
jum ite }f must be remodelled, a number of wait
ing, sub committee and other spec ial rooms must
be putin, New sanitary and ventilation systems
must be provided and facilities for the correspond
ents and reporters must be created These in
clude desks and seats in the big hall, @ writing

room just off the hall rooms for the operators
of the two big telegraph companies and the press
associations aud the installation of wites and in

struments
| In making the hall ready for the convention,
then, the sengeantatarus must have oaths
} with architects, builders, electric outfitters, plumb
ler and all sorts of tradespeople, besides the news

papers, the press associations and the telegraph
companies, and this part of bis duties alone will
} test alike his patience, his tact and his capacity
for work. One of the most difficult tasks of the

serceantatarnis will be tosatisf{y the newspapers
Readers of the full convention reports that will
appear in the newspapers next June and July
may occasionally give a thought or two to the
immense amount of labor invelved in the daily
presentation of the news hot from the bat But
po one Who bas not had something to do with the
work ean bave any save the most inadequate
notion of the prelinunary detailed work that alone
makes them possible. ‘To begin with, the ser-
geantatarms must be absolutely impartial in
arranging the press facilities, ‘That is, he must
see toat that no one newspaper, press association
or telegraph company has undue advantage over
any of the others. Of course, greater facilities are
given to the great newspapers of New York, Chica
go, Philadelphia and Boston than to papers in the
smaller towns

If the duties of the convention sergeant at-
arms were fully Indicated by the foregoing pata
graphs he would have comparatively an easy Ume,
but tus work would be only partially done were

he to stop with getung the hall in good order and
making the arrangements for the press. Pre
viding for the comfort and convemence of the

delegates Is really the most Important of all his

 

tasks. This Involves arranging the seats in the
body of the hall and the galleries so that all shall
be satisfied, and furuisting the vanous sub
committee rooms and the like ‘There are vek
ets and badges to be ponted, and, though you
michtn't think it, thisas a job of no small mag
Jrmitude Goving out the contract for printing
the tekets is one of the first things attended to
lat has already been loohed after by the Kepubh

 

    

| can sergeant atar of this years convention,
J and probably | corresponding Democraue
| funetionary alse \rrangements have also to
ber by the serceantat arms with the hotels
4s headquarters fort wnous delegations,
and with the railroads concerning rates of fare
and the running of special trains. Cordial rela
fons must be ¢ vated with the local police

 

and fire departments, and there are almost num
berless other matiers of detail that thea conven
Hion's businessananager must see carried through
to a successful finish

The appointing of assistant sergeants atarms
is by no means one of the least of bis troubles
} ‘Phere are generally 150 of these at least, appor
} tioned among the Various States, and the demand
for places on the stath of the convention's mana-
ger is extremely lively Nominally he decides

 

 

 

who shall serve, but actually his decisions are
based upen the recommendations of the dele
gates. Bach of these is almost sure to ask for

   

more places than can be git and the sergesnt
at arms sometimes tas a hard time to avon mak
j ne enemies in rejecting those for whom places
cannot be found

At first blush vou might wonder why any one

 

   
 

; would put up a fight to be an assistant sergeant
atarms, sines no pay, not even expenses, accom
panies aphoiatnents of this sort, and some of the

| &ppointees t least, bave to work like beavers

from the beginning to the end of the convention,
helping to keep things inorder. But for the brief
eof time during which the convention is in

 

 

   

    

s
session the assistant sergeant Abarnis is a) per
} aon of consequence, Tle wears a badge
which ts him to all parts of the convention
hall niareatdemend among those in attend
| Anece me whe eando favors for his friends and
tod is reasonable sure to become more or
less fe artosomeofthe party magnates. More
thanone holder of petty goverument place has
made his starton the rmunerative side of polities
} by serving as deputy sergeant atarms at conven
} Hon tine
After the deputy serreantatarms come the
doorkee pers They are not so numerous as the
deputios and their number varies aceording to the

nature of the hall in whieh
the rule betng to spnoint two, one for day service
and the other for night service, for each door
‘They are drawn from the rinks of those generally
known as henchmen, though the term fs not used
here Ju any belitthng sense ‘The doorkeepers,
like the deputies, serve without pay and for sin
Jer considerations; their facilities for making them
selves known to the real powers in the party ore
not much less than those afforded the deputy

the gathering is held,

 

 

 

 

 

  

sergeants atarms, but they have less chance
fo seo the fun on the Hheor of the hall because their
duties keep them outside atthe doors muchof the
time Tt is nossible wever, for the clever door
heeper to slip inst some of the time, and, of
ent the day man can see the proceedings of
the night sessions, and vice versa

As might be conjectured, the sergeantat arms

has to have many other assistants besides those

 

  

   

  

 

  

who help while the convention is sectually in ses
sion, In the weehksof his preliminary labors
he has to transact as much business as the mana
ger of a great commercial enterprise, and
requires typewriters, bookkeepers, mess
clerks, and all-round assistants of several g
{It also requires rather extensive offices fae
Fand BD. G. Wiswell of Wisconsin, wh
I sergeantatarns of the Republican conventior
this vear, has already ehosen his head uoarters
fat one of tt Vhiladelphia hotels When the
| convention ts hand he has likewise t engage
a corpeof watchmen and serubwomen to keep the
ling in apy rior

 

 

i ugh he is kept eons thy busy all through

| reparation, lis real rush doesn't
come till the fest day of the convention From
then till t! Yyournment | the most harassed
and putupon manin the whole counter, and if

} heisn'ta physical wreck by the Ume the gathering

disperses it's because he ts blessed with an iron

}

|

the weeks of

 

eis

  
 
 

  

constitution
Unlike the

doorkeepers, the

men and serubw

deputy sercreants atarms and
oilice help, messengers, wateh
ren are paid for their services
bot the sergeantatarms himself receives
direct pas His expenses are borne by the com
mittee, but he goes through all the work and worry
| of geting the convention preliminaries into she pe
} and keeping the erowds in good order during
| ity sessions forthe honor there iain it, and the wide

acquatntinece it will give him among the prominent

the

 

 

 

 

  

 

    

       

 

 

 

 

 

} mea of his own parks Hevatise of these thinges
the place is in great demand every four vears
and some of the liveliest flirts in the history of

| the two national committees have been waged
over the conilictinig Utles of vari andidates

The sergeantatarms of the Democratle conven

} tion will not begir preliminary work this

| year ut Loser time in May, tt Democrat

} convention being held more than two week

} than the Rep an gathering, and the wor

be done on t Kansas Cily all being of less

} nagnitude thanon theonein Philadelphia The

| convention sergeantatarms always has the
friendly nasststa f the serceantatarme of
the National Committee Col Ti ol. Swords
now deputy collector of customs in New York
has held that post with the Republican committee
for a number of campatens, while James Oliver

in the etty of New York, haa |

held the samy ewill tho Demoecraue committee,
Fach of these men knows every important leader
in the party well, and is therefore able to give
invaluable poe fo the convention sergeant

 

| of Paradise Park,

 

All matters of general convention policy |}

 
 
   

!

 
    

ee

COCKROACHES ON A SHIP.

MEMORABLE FIGHT ON BOARD THE

at-arms this year, however, having determined
to spend the summer in Alaska, This year's
National Democrauc convention will be the first
he has missed for many years

The local expenses of a pational convention,

 

   

which are directly controlled by the sergeantat SHIP GUIDING STAR,
arms, make up only @ fraction of the otal suns
such a gathering putsinto circulation, ‘There are | ye Lasted About All a Voyage of 180 Days

nearly 1,000 delegates and ay many alternates, nto San Francises and the
Cockroaches Came Near Winning

Great and Varied Damage to the Cargo,
Boson, April 14.) “Speaking of cockroaches

 

2,000, while the assistant sergeantat-
messengers and correspondents
sential attendance to 8,000, Be-

making
arms, doorkee
will swell the ¢
sides, there are probably 1,000 visitors daily, and
HW each of the resubting 4,000 spends 8100 for hotel

  
 

 

 

bills and the like while the convention fs in-ses | atsea,” said the old captain, “ Pshould like to tell
(ston the total is $100,000 ane palrone Fas you about the famous fight we had with them

news telegrams and other incidentals and th a ¥ soled a a oak

Brand totale an'twell beless than a million, Some | 1 tv ship Guiding Star on h r trip from Boston

estimates by men who have attended many ba | to San Francisco in 146465. TH tell you the

tional conventions place it much higher, story, but, mind you, I wont) have my name

 

  

 

 

* used; L think you will not blame me for that, ae
SETTING

the captain of the Guiding Star, a man named
Small, got the title ‘Coekroseh’ forlife, and Twould
rather not take the chances of stirnng up my
friends to press my rights of inheritance to the
nickname, I being, so far as Lam aware, the only
person now living who was in that fiyht

“Well may you call it fight. On the long voy-
age of 180 days we several thmes thought we
should have to give up to the enemy. They
ate everything that we did, except and
many other things besides. A pairof children's
shoes that were in our eargo, are on exhibition
in the natural history rooms in this city, and
show how tho roaches ate away everything but
the soles and the brass lips. There was a record
on the log book where we disposed of egghteen
barrels of the insects, and that was only a part
T will not dwell upon the size of the creatures,
for that was a feature not so important as thelr
great number ‘They were, however,” said the
captain, holding up a stocky right band, “as
large as my Little finger

“To got at the beginning of the trouble, I must
go back to some of the previous trips of the Guld-
ing Star, when she was running between Boston
and Calcutta. It was at the latter place that
she took on board the passengers which made
the trouble. ‘They jot aboard in the rice and
they thrived. The trips for the most part left
us at the Boston end during the warm season,
and the circumstance served to foster the things.
Such cold as we have here in winter would have
been enough to kill most of them. They first
became seriously troublesome on the passage
out to the Indies in 1868. We had in @ cargo
of ice and lumber, and the cockroaches, novbelng
built so as to subsist on either of these commodi
ties, sought the upper décks. The insect question
at once presented itself as a most serious One.
War on the cockroaches was begun only a few
daysout. The mode of attack was to use cracker.
tins, with molasses for bait. With this favorite
food as an inducement, the insects entered the
tin through a small, square hole cut in the cover,

and, once in, there was no escape for them. By
using the greatest precautions, the passenger
managed to keep their cabins pretty well cleaned
of the insects tJefore we got Into port the cock-
roaches had begun to crawl up into the ngging
in places, and had eaten around the eyes so badly
that the ropes had to be replaced

“On our return trip we had our usual cargo
of rice, and that attracted the cockroaches, so
we did not have so much trouble from. them a@
on the way out. It would have been better fcr
us if we had had more of them, as by the time
we got back home, we had forgotten the worst
of it tis just that way with the seafanng

UP A MASTODON,

A Gigantic Skeleton From the Brooklyn
Institute of Arts and Sciences,

 

rom the Rochester Post kerpress.

He rose twelve feet at the shoulder, wore &
hairy hide and looked like a haystack with tusks.
That was 3,000 years ago. Now a cluster of
dub like bones is all that bears testimony to his
fife as a fre ponderous rover of the immense ee
onions,
wastes in those dim, historic days when the earth
was young and man a vague possibility living
in trees. The mastodon we call him; and out of
awe for bis supposed immensity, we have enriched
the language by an adjective whieb is applied to
everything big, from theatrical productions to
bargain sales. The osseous remains are slowly
but accurately being fitted into one another at
Ward's natural science establishment in this
city, where a mammoth or a mastodon is such a
commonplace sort of a thing that it is treated
with little respect even when its venerable dignity
weighs in the balance

This mastodon was discovered by a gardener
near Newark last spring. He was turning over
lis garden patch with a spade one morning and
nearly fainted when it struck a bone so huge
that it took three men to carry itoff, ‘The Newark
savants immediately decided that the discovery
was of great Value. The yellow journals of the
metropolis gleefully seized upon it and printed
columns, with pictures of it feeding placidly or
waging combat fiercely with a nyal hese same
newspapers made guesses as to the value of the
The average price was decided to be
$20,000, The market gardener at once began to
build an extensive addition to his house The
real price did not reach one twentieth of that
amount. ‘The bones were bid in by the Brooklyn
Institute of Arts and Sciences. ‘The Ward estab
lishment received the order for their mounting
It will be completed along inJdune. ‘The mastodon

and the ‘lissot pictures nay be gazed upon in the
They will

 

skeleton,

same visit to the Brooklyn Institute
not, however, occupy the same room
It is quite likely that in the imagination of the
great majority a mammoth and a mastodon are
two names for the same beast Both are huge,
both existed in prehistone days and both are
pictured in eneyelopedias and stand in rickety
grandeurin museums. Dut the two are alike only
in form and mass. The mastodon is an earlier
animal than the mammoth, although 4 relative
consanguinity. Outwardly
they were much alike, The modern elephant is
@ pretty fair representative of them, If he could
be covered with curly hair, wear tusks curved like
hooks and range over the State of New York and
the city of Rochester in careless ease, the elephant
hike his prototype of 300
centuries age. In point of faet he is the modern
representative of the mammoth If it were not
for his teeth, ne might be likewise a close relauve
Dut the teeth break the enain

by distant ties of

would be exceedingly

of the mastodon

A mammoth’s teeth and anelephant’s teeth are | man—time fixes him; he remembers only the
almostexactly alike. They are fat and oval on | agreeable, and lets the rest go. Many a4 high
top. ‘The grinding surfaces are crossed by paral handed piece of business takes place) on the
lel ridges of enamel which, when a longitudinal | outward) bound trips that no captain would
section IS made, give to the upper edge a slight] think of committing on the return trip. On the

home stretch it is, ‘Ilere, son,’ and ‘Come, my
man.’

“Before starting on our San Francisco run there
was some question if it would not be advisable
toscutie the ship and drown out the pests, Capt
Small was going to take her out Te said, 'O
no. I guess | can take care of them all right
So it went that way

“Hy the time we had got past the equator he
saw he had madea mistake. Hedidn'tsay much
about it, and he didn't have to, as there wasn't
aman of us but knew what to expect. The en-
emy had got into our stores They had begun
on our potatoes, turnips and carrots. In fact
they were everywhere. We had to inspect and

wavy outline The mastodon's teeth are totally
unhke this. He won his name from their peculiar
Shape. Itcomes from two Greek words, “mastos,”
breast, and “odous,” tooth, This means that the
molars of the mastodon are shaped like the breast
with conical knobby caps, which stick up two
inches orso from the base of the tooth. Besides
this, the mastodon's tusks, simply elongated
incisors, are straighter than the mammoth’s
The remains of the mastodon are found in
nearly all parts of the globe. He used to roam
over tne forests, crashing in among the dense
foliage, feeding in solitary massiveness or fighting
unul the ground quivered with his plunges. ‘The
very weight of the huge creature often proved his

ruin. Wandering into some marahy place, he | sift the flour regularly. The number of traps
would become mired and slowly sink in helpless- | was doubled and all hands were set to work with
ness until the ooze closed over him, to remain hid- | spankers made of a square piece of leather at-
den from ken for 3,000 years, when chance should | tached to a stick like great fy whackers. Capt.

uncover his mighty bones to human sight.

The skeleton of this Newark mastodon is un-
usually complete. The vertebrae, great ring
sheped bones with long divergent spikes which
hele

Small was the first to call my attention to the
noise the cockroaches made, especially on hot
nights. We could detect them gnawing and
erunching away, and by placing one's ear to
one of the ventilators one could hear them very
clearly

“The days came along, one after another, with
the ceaseless task of fighting the cockroaches
before us. To give vou an idea of the wavy the
trip dragged, you may know that we were twenty-
nine days getting around Cape Horn--that is,
from 50 degrees around to 50 degrees on the Pa-
cifle side. Then, arain, off Hebinsen Crusoe's
island we drifted about for six weeks It wes
there we began to fear the worst) We could not
make a port along there anywhere, as we were
too far off shore. It seemed just as well to keep
on our course

“Our water became affected, and it did no good
to boil it. We kept on using the traps, as many
as we could handle We had jars strung up
to the dunnage wood, with molasses for bait. as
inthe tins, When a trap got filled we scalded
it and turned the contents into barrels and then
emptied them. In that way we got some record
of our work

"When finally we got into San Francisca wa
had been out from Oct. 4, 1864, (o March 4, 1868,
The news of our experience soon got abroad and
people came down to the wharf and wanted sou
venirs. Some even brought boxes with them
that they might preserve a cockroach alive. amd
especially in demand were the white ones, When
it came to overhauling: the cargo we found things
ina bad state Some of the cases of shoes had be
come asylums for the insects, the cockroaches
having laid their eges directly in the cracks af
the covers, so that the little cockroaches were en-
abled to crawl inside There they subsisted om
leather, imprisoned When opened the boxes
showed colonies still at work. or extinet if the food
supply bad been exhausted The roaches ate
into the leather finishings of the four or five ba
rouches we had eboard They also ate a lot
of star candles and horn buttons and ef oil clothes
they were particularly fond, The only way we
could save the cil clothes was to keep them packed
avay when notin use, and that, of course, was
about the worst treatment for them, as they got
very sticky when wadeed up

the huge muscles that supported the tusks,
were almost all present The tail, which looks
like a full grown alligator, was perfect. The
pelvis, eight or nine feet from edge to edge, the
skull, tooth and tusks were in a singularly com
Thelegs were missing

 

plete state of preservation
and will have to be supplied by the mounters,
This, however, is not so diffieult. Leg bones of
the mastodon are frequently found and from
them may be taken plaster casts, which when
made up are so like the real bones that an expert
alone can tell the difference. These leg bones
are huge objects. They look like water-worn,
knotty logs, four feet long, twelve inches thick,
anda hundr 4 pounds in weight. The measureless
strength of the mastodon may be imagined best
when one thinks what power he must have pos-
sessed simply to carry himself

The mounting of the skeleton 1s slowly pro-
gressin The vertebrae and ribs are strung
upen a heavy y iron bar, bent to match the curves
a the great back As the legless barrel hangs
from the ceiling by chains and tackle, it looks
like the inverted keel and ribs of a broad-beamed
catboatin process of construction

Among the most interesting parts of this huge
skeleton are the first few vertebrae of the spinal
column, just back of the base of the skull and
neck Their diameter is nearly a foot, From
the top rise spiky projections as long again, whose
tops make an undulating curve not unlike the
top of a harp. Farther back these projecting
hones become shorter and shorter. | Now, between
the tallest of these spikes and the base of the
skull is a dip perhaps two feet down This was
filled with thick muscles and tendons. Their
ends were welded into the spikes so firmly that
the upper part of the bones is rugged as the broken
end of wrought iron columns. These immense
muscles were needed to support the reat weight
ofghe tusks, which, when their own mass and
the leverage caused by their jutting length are
taken into consideration, needed all the strength
the mastodon could summon to keep them man
ageable

When the bones are put in their position and
the missing parts replaced the skeleton will stand

 

 

about twelve feet at the front leg, perhaps thirty “Capt. Small advertised an offer of 8500 for
from tusk tip te tail tip. Surmount this with a | seme chemical that would destroy the roaches
bulky Javer of flesh, fat and hide, and one can {| Evervthing presented failed. although one of

the San Franciseo chemists made an outlay of
over SoU 1n the attempt, We unloaded and made
an investigation as to the dan Pon the carry
Had it been shown that the inseets came aboard
with the cardo, we should not have been held
responsible for the damage. Asit was clear tbat
the roaches we had were not natives of Boston, the
only thing to do was to pay
“We sailed in ballast forthe Chinche Island

and the captain swore for vengeance We had
recovered while in port some of our strength and
courte some had lost thirty pounds on the
trip out and we pitched into the work of exter
mination. There was a much better opportunity
of wetting at the insects than before, and we had
made great inroads on them by the time we had
reached the islands Capt Small there got hia
title of ‘Cockroach’ The name never altogether
deserted him Wetook on a care of guano there
What few cockroaches bad escaped us died from
eating the ruano.the ammonta contained initfrob
ably disagreeing with them At any rate, be
the time we had reached England they had en
tirely disappeared.”

tire the hugeness of his mastodonship when
1e reigned supreme.

 

 

MAN AND BIRD IN COLLISION,

A Locomotive Engineer Has His Eyeball
Pierced by a Pigeon's Bill,
From the Atlanta Journal
A dove winging its flight over the tracks of the
Southern Railway near Juliet,in Monroe county,
collided with a passenger train going in the op
posite direction at a high rate of speed vesterday
througa

sharp as

afternoon. The bird's body plunged
the glass window of the cab. lis beak
a needle's point, pierced the righteyeof Enyincer
Charles Wallace and the surgeons say it destroyed
and |

 

the engineer’a sight temporarily ssioly
permanently

Engineer Wallace was at the lever of the after
noon passenger train for Macon when it pulled out

The run to Juliet

of the Union Depot yesterday TRACING A LETTER,
Was Without ineident After train
left the station the engineer opened the throtide
to run the train faster than usualin order to make
up afew minutes’ lost time
along at a sixty -mile-an hour gait

The engineer's seat in the cab faces the track

made the

Followed From Boston to Manila in Order?
to Perfect an Incomplete Address.
Prom the Boston Evening Transcript.

Here is a good illustration of how assiduers
the United States Post Office Department is in
following up mail which it is requested to look
for and assure itself of delivery

The train was bowling

ahead. A window of glass an eighth of an inch
thick protects him from the draughts, smoke and

 

 

 

  

 

    

   

cinders. He was looking through this window \ lady in Boston sent a letter to her son in
when suddenly the body of the dove burst through Manila on Jan. 10, and as it occurred to her after
the pane of glass and struck himein the face He | she had mailed it that the address was incom-
was blinded foraninsiant, a dthe pain in his eye | plete, in that it did not contain the number of
made him realize atonce that he was seriously hurt ’

The fireman on the cab with Engineer Wallace | @0 heeiment in Which her 4on served, she wrote
saw the aceident and relieved him of his post | 4 letter to the Boston postiaster the sa. day,
The pain increased in Wallace's eye until it was | giving him the f address and ashing him oo
almost unbearable and he finally went back into | Wace the letter and supply the deticiwenes ‘Thu
the baggage coach to get such assistance as was | 4fternoon of tomorrow mornings sie will be in
possibile on the train formed that the letter, which she said was

The dove was killed by the sudden contact | Important, has reached tis destingdon, the
with the eab window Its quivering body fell | authorities in) Manila having lated at) from
on the iron floor of the engine cab after striking the bulk of soldiers’ mail and completed the ad-

 

dress

the engineer, and was picked up by the fireman
After the necessary

So great was the momentum of the train and the
deve s body that) the glass window
smashed by the blow of the collision. The hola
through whieh the bird was hurled was clean
cut like that made by # bullet fired through ylass.

investigation in the Boston
postoffice the postmaster sent a communication
to the San Franct fice, through whieh most
of the military and naval mail goes, and explained
to the postmaster, Hon WoW. Montaycue, that
the address on a certain letter which was ce

spatched from Boston via the Boston and Albany

 

Was not

Having Fan With an Eeho,

 

 

 

ROP. O. on train No. 10 was insufficient fora 9
Irom the Washington Post prompt delivery, and he gave the full addr
T At San Franciseo the matter went through the
The mischievous pages of the « nt : r \ proug
. pages of the House have hands of the postmaster and the superniendent
discovered a new trick of the echoes in Statuary | of mails, and on Jan. JA it was referred the
Hall. They play it upon the tourists by the pe in charge of (he naval and military ma
le nade an investigation inquiry im the eafficr
seore and upe a 0 > i ult 1 n th
score and upon pretentious statesmen cecaston and found that the letter was probably received
ally, when they can do so without divcovery on ie 16 from tran Noo 3, and despatched by

 
 

steamer to Manila the same da

it could not be intercepted on this s
butin the next despatch to Manila the postmaster
of San Frai sent all the papers relating
to the letter to the Director Ceneral of Dosts at

 

Consequently

There is 4 ceriain spot, near the beaten path
ide of the water,

of travel from the ventral doorway of the House

toward the Senate, where this peculiar echo is
effective, Tf any coin or metel object is dropped

Inco

 

   

on the marble step between the telegraph office | Manila, PL, se that the defimency in the ade
and the reception room it sounds to one passing | dress mught be supplied ‘here the letter wera
the particular spot in) question as though the | found undeliverable Now Hoston post
object were dropping immediately at bis feet master ins received a communication from Manila

A boy with a dime or a nickel is able to have all
sorts of fun by waiting till some one passes the
point, Even the Senate pages skip away from
their work t visit the boys om the other side and

siating ‘hat the letierin question has been found,
The addressee'’s letter inquiry with the in-
closed stamp fora reply, and all the papers which
have been made out in the various postofices

   

etarms, ir, Oliver will not assist We sergeant 4 play with tue echo «4 relating to this letter, have been sens to
EP he Pnnaneaemtcenty SRN CET a LOCA A ALO EE ELL AIO OLR A A \ Ee ee
an © & a Lh y f t bas of she . :
‘ ’ a. . i Dalby is eas ! hl eee” ys ey 2 ‘ . 4 “4 i aide ty
- ei ie .

a YR on EE RET Be
i