PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION.

 

BY THE SUN PRINTING AND

Sm

a ree eae NEW YORK SUNDAY. APRIL 15, 1900.—COPYRIGHT, 1900,

Brooklyn Advertisements. Brooklyn Advertisements.

MATTHEWS

This is the Season When Every Penny Counts for
Ten. You Are Either Moving or House Cleaning ;
Both Necessitate Much Outlay of Money. The Cor-
ner Stone of Our House is CONSIDERATION FOR
THE PUBLIC, and You Will Find You Can Make
All Purchases Here at a Great Advantage.

"I

    

  
 

 
 

   

           

 

 

Brooklyn Advertis

 

J REDUCING ASIATIC FLEET.

osr OF THE 1ARGE VESSELS TO
BE WITHDRAWN FROM MANILA.

Beoohiyn Dverisements, | _—_Bravhlyn Mavertigment, | eanhlyn Qicectisrmea

ABRAHAM *” STRAUS

BROOKL YY N. é

Matchless Sale of Muslin Underwear | Women’s Handsomest Tailored Suits
A Rare Event in Price Cutting.

Extraordinary values in Underwear, of muslin, will join in most notable |
price offering here to-morrow. The Underwear sales in this store have '
come to be events unparalleled elsewhere. Ever has the last one been the The very latest arrivals in the Women’s Tailoring Store will combine to»
best until now this self-improvement is all that is left to store progress. morrow in the most remarkable price offering of the season — a saving of
To-morrow’s sale will be most notable of all in infinity of variety—in more than half the regular price in many cases, of at least a third in every
unexampled low pricing. Every garment concerned in it is worthy, “Most one, Their rest here must be brief — you will not let them wait long at
are made of Masonvitle muslin. All are put together in the most perfect these prices, ; ;
manner and in the most approved style. The utmost skill of the tailor’s art, combined with that tiniest touch of
dressmaking effect that makes the acme of style for Walking Costumes to-
day, is shown in these Suits. Broadcloths, Venetians, Serges, Homespuns,

ore

ead ows

 

een ees rere Oe rrr”

 

b Orders to Send the Bennington and Concord
Home ~ Vessels to Be Withdrawn From
Other Stations Also The Cause Is the
Lack of Officers and Men for New Warships

Wasmivoton, April 14—The first orders
Jooking to 4 large reduction of the United
Btates naval force io the Philippines and the
withdrawal from service of a numberof vessels
on othor stations were issued by the Navy De-
partment to-day. Instructions were sent by
telegraph to Kear Admiral Watson at Yoko-
hama to send the gunboate Bennington and
Concord to San Francisco with short-time
officers and men, An order was telegraphed to

I Commander Duncan Kennedy of the cruiser
Detroit in Centra! American waters to proceed
to Portamouth, N. H., where the vessel will be
placed out of commission, Directions were
sent also to the Mare Island Navy Yard to
piace the crulser Marblehead out of commis-
sion at that plave, In addition to these four
ships, the monitors Monterey and Monadnock
will be withdrawn from service in the Philip-

 

There is nothing ungenerous or mean about these garments; they were
not made for special sale purposes. These are fresh and perfect stocks,

pines as soon as the Navy Department can find ) : ¢ e ; : ¥ ,
a suitable place in the Far East to lay them up, dainty, attractive and wonderfully low priced to bring special attention to Camel's Hair, the materials are all the most approved. Every is
Tha cruiser Baltimore will leave Yokohama for e the completeness of this Underwear Store at the commencement of a lined with the best silk throughout; every one is made as well as hands

could do it. There is quality and style and smartness in superlative degree

NewYork with Admiral Watson on board as
in these tailored Costumes. Prices for them regularly have ranged all the

soon as Rear Admiral Remey relieves Admiral new season,

For the Spring need, for the Summer supply this sale offers unexampled

Watson of the command of the Asiatio Many women will: not wear a new hat on Easter, to such our continued : them

station. - opportunity. These details: way from $30 to $80. Three prices will divide ~e - te OHO,
‘his f reducing the number of ege

aes cae has aon in contempla- Exhibit of Imported Gowns, Masonville Muslin Gowns, high Wane Save. ae Tens See, Second Geor, treat.

neck, with Mother Hubbard yoke of
solid cluster tucking, cambric ruffle on
meck and SleeveS..........e0. 000+ ADC

Good quality Muslin Gowns, V-neck,
with four insertions of embroidery, and
clusters of tucks in yoke, cambric ruffle
on neck anil sleeves, ....ececeeeee+ OBC

Cambric Gowns, Empire, with two lace
and an embroidered insertion across
front, and two insertions and ruffle of
lace at side, lace ruffle on neck and
MOOV sv esesccrnces 196

Five pretty styles Cambric Gowns, V-
neck and Empire, some prettily trimmed
with insertion and ruttles of embroidery,

tion for some time. It was intended at firat to
decrease the strength of the Philippines fleet
only on account of the virtual ending of the
insurrection, but the programme of reduction
now arranged, of which the orders issued to-
day mark the beginning, is due largely to an-
other cause.

The fatlure of Congress to increase the num-
ber of officers in the navy {a given as the reason
of the reduction of the r ava! forces in commis-
sion. More enlisted men are needed also, but
the necessity for them is not so pressing.
Through putting the battleship Kearsage in
commission the Navy Department was obliged
to assign to that vessel nearly every officer
available for sea duty, and the ship is still
short of oMcers, The statement was made to-

day, by a naval officer who had looked Into the
matter, that the Kearsage had just about half

Sertions and edge of cotton Torchon
lace; also dust ruftle; others with full um-
brella ruffle of choice embroidery; also
GURY PORE: cose cesraceceesesaiasacete

Walking Skirts with full umbrella ruffle,
trimmed with fine embroidery; also dust
ruffle; others with lawn umbrella ruffle,
with five insertions and edge of lace; also
GUBT FUME, .s0sssvrseveccvesccees ee

Cambric Walking Skirts, with tucked
lawn umbrella ruffle, with insertion of fine
embroidery between clusters of tucks,
trimmed with full ruffle of embroidery;
others with tucked lawn umbrella ruffle
with two wide insertions and deep ruffle
of ‘Torchon lace; also dust ruffle... . .$1.98

Millinery Novelties

will be very welcome. The newest crea-
tion in ornaments, new embroideries
and trimmings, straw braids, nets, chif-
fons, malines and mousselines. Many
charming new styles of Dress and Suit
Hats from our workrooms, made from
late Paris novelties and choicest designs,

Furniture Values Extraordinary.
Price Savings of a Third to Half.

The finest Furniture will go on sale here to-morrow at record-making
rices. Every piece is worthy—has the stamina that Furniture must have
fore it can come here. Every piece is of wanted style. Yet a great col-
lection is to be sold at prices which mean a full third and in many cases a
full half price saving to the purchaser. Parlor Suites, Bedroom Suites,
Furniture for Dining Room and Living Room are joined in the sale. It is
an opportunity not to be negl<cted, for such opportunities are rare.
For instance, here are Parlor Suites, 2, 3 and 5 pieces, of mahogany,
and mahogany finish, carved ana inlaid and covered with satin damask
and tapestry in assorted colorings:

For 58. you can buy one of our
beautiful

UNTRIMMED HATS.

eee eee eee eee)

Nowhere can
you find such
a collection of Hats,Turbans, Walking Hats, Dress

 

 

 

as many officers as @ Russian, British or Ger- hers with @ Senki : .
man ain ofthe ARG SE. ss to which the Shapes, every desifatie shape, wll colors gg gg | “nes Win fine hemwiltching and lce.f7¢ | tenree insertions. and. rufle of ane | 4 Suites value 645.00, at......... .$@MM8 | | Bedroom Suite of 10 pieces golden oak
Navy Department is put to seoure officers for and combinations, 58e. ‘and upward to .. : Cambric Gowns, Empire, with inser- Torchon lace, and dust ruffle *$2.48 2 Suites, value $60.00, at......... $40.00 (ash) finish; full size bed; bureau with
sea duty is that of Lieutenant-Commander JO. CHILDREN'S TRIMMED HATS, of exquisite tions and ruttles of tine lace embroidery . .eS ae 7 Suites, value $68.00, at,........ $45.00 bevel mirror; washstand; woven wire
Fiininoe for slant mouths: “Mr. Gilmore. ree style and beauty, at prices ranging UP $44 | insertion and ribbon trimmed... $123 Cambric Skirts, lawn umbrella ruffle, | 6 Suites, value $80.00, at...........$55.00 | springs soft top mattress; 2 feathee. pie
turned to. Washington two weeks ago, and pesneneees a ; - oh 5 . with three wide insertions and deep ruffle 8 Suites, value $87.00, at,........ $58.00 ows; 2 chairs and a table, ........$19.90
while the Department would have been glad Flowers, Fruita and Foliage, Fine Wreaths, Mon- Nainsook Gowns, high square neck, with of fine Val. lace; also dust ruffl $2.98 3 Suites, value $90.00, at... . - $60.00
fo have pertalsied bim to recuperate on shore tenes ond large apreya, enemplity latest Parisian wide insertion of fine embroidery around + Oe, ule... Dé 2 Suites, value $110.00, at ¢ $65.00 . Bedroom mes ee ae
a terrible experience in the ines, le iv y ; ep a ; ery ness 6 0586s ogany veneer and oak; value
from t npaet 0 experionce in the Fs iitpp nee, —- > a va toe ican. Vielote beam One eee Fee __ —— Sones pvt. lawn umbrella ruffle, 4 Suite, value $160.00, at........ .$100,00 $4500, $57.00, $60.00 and a186D, a
“When the Kentucky, a sister shi of the Kear- Chrysanthemums and Foliage, at 25c., $90. and and sey es oT ee a $1.39 full alt elk tan usar Divans and Sofas in mahogany and ma- $25.00, $30.00, $40.00, $42.00 and $84.00.
sarge, is placed in oommission the Navy De- 48c. upward. Second Floor, f 0 hipaa tai of fine Val. lace; also dust ruffle edge with hogany finish; covered with satin damask, Bedroom Suites of Dutch marquet
porment oe ens 20s, Stee oF ks skies ie — a a Cambric Gowns, Empire, with insertion lace _ wy tapestry and plush tn assorted colorings. value $210.00, at... 1
getive service Wie P procseary, epless Congress ot Maltese lace and embroidery beading re PTTTETLITTE METTLER TTT. 46 Divans, value $18.00, at,,..... $10.00 ti : a pope see “nt
urnishes some relle orizing the grad- T T T across front, and two insertions an Underskirts. Good quality Muslin Un- 6 Divans, value $24.00, at........$12.00 vee ae EAN 2
ae Se area ae ore Genkeee CLOAK AND SUI DEPAR MEN ° ruttle of Maltese lace at sides, lace ruffle derskirts, with cambric ruffle and tucks 4 Divans, value $27.00, at...,... $13.00 somely carved; value $270.00, at.. .$190.00
ne ena ps wishes compelling them to serve . “ , , . nm on ~ ges seve, others square neck, ABOVE vosereccrncnsseccercccesrsesdM® 2 Vivans, value $28.00, at....... $14.00 Dining Room Furniture. Sideboards
wo adgitiona’ % . 60 LADIES’ SUITS, made of all wool cheviots, in black, brown and navy b'ue. Bome are taht trimmed with tucks, hemstitching and 4 Divans, value $30.00, at $15.00 of 1 oatal
The Alabama and the Wisconsin will proba- s ! . All jack : aad ® : ’ y BF. oe ’ oak and mahogany; value $20.00,
vi BS Peadecee ee into soummission, Wie efx | Sling And pome ere Kiva vin edie oer sO OU vrcescrsrestesscectest cress $14.98 | Point de Paris ace... sees e eeeees Muslin Skirts, with ruffle of fine em- § Divans, value $45.00, at....... $24.00 $29.00, $96.00, $110.00, $125.00 and
month an the Illinole soon thereafter i ; ’ stasis iiaaiin Gia, Vink dated broidery and tucks above..........48¢ 4 Divan, value $50.00, at........$27.00 $175.00, at $14.50, $21.00, $71.00, $85.00,
tome ne @ AD unwise , ’ i s wt ® a. she ' ,
valleyotn yout le ree how ont ois op legion walter. a, puemes : a eS -_ $5.00 | neck, with wide insertion and ruffle of tine Cambric Underskirts, with lawn um- S WVERS, VEINS PROD) HF.» » +: ++: sone $95.00, and $125.09 respectively.
officers, to, put large new ships in commission Val. lace and ribbon run beading, back brella ruffle, with hemstitched tucks, .69¢ pte tal  meeeee Mak + China Closets of Flemish oak, mahog-
, any and oak; value $19.00, $24.00,

and front, full lace ruffle over shoulder,
Short sleeves trimmed with full ruffle of
Web oc caceasseses 25

LADIES’ BLACK CHEVIOT ETON JACKETS, with Medic! collars faced with white $7. 00
BPPIIQUO, PFICO..........cseseveecseceerereereeenseseneerarsensemrnean ene an eens ness wees eens esee ae e
Full line of Suits made expressly for small ladies,
A big assortment of Missea’ and Children’s Reefers, Jackets and Dresses at popular prices.

100 BILK WAISTS, tn all the new delicate shades and {n all sizes, made with cording $3 OR
back and front and on sleeves; this waist was made to sel! for 65.25; our price.......... ”

very fact that these ships are new ie the main
reason, however, why they should go Into
active service. They need some cruising to
shake down t “end to overga and get in easy

$11.00, $12.00, $14.00, $15.00, $18.00,
$24.00 and $30.00, at $5.00, $6.00, $7.00,
$8.2;, $10.00, $12.00 and $15.00 respec-
tively, :

These are Parlor Suites from our regu-
lar stock of sorts which are to be discon-

Drawers. Good quality Muslin Drawers,
with hem and cluster of tucks above. 19%

Masonville Muslin Drawers, with ruffle
of fine embroidery and tucks above, ,29¢

Muslin Drawers, with full ruffle of em-

$42.00, $110.00 and $120.00, at $14.50,
$17.00, $30.00, $75.00 and $9.00 respec-
tiyely. ?

Dining Tables of oak and mahogany
value $19.90, $16.09, $21.50, $45.00 and
$100.90, at $7.00, $11.00, $15.00, $32.00

working order, and to overcome the deteriorat-
ing effect on their hulls by lone standing in the
water atthe places where they were and are
being constructed,

The plan of the Navy Department {a to with-

Nainsook Chemise Gowns, Empire,
a trimmed with fine embroidery
eading, tucking and Point de Paris lace;

draw most of the large vessels from the Philip- 7 2 also, Gowns, lo ie, t d with { i Ses i
100 SILK WAISTS, with clusters of cording and hematitching, come in all the new also, Gowns, low nec rimmed wit b tinued. They are 2, 3,4 and 5 pieces in aihige
those one re torn (one time and ave been fa shades, the style and quality are equal to any 38.60 walat; our price... .-.. ++ ereevecones $5.25 | insertions and utiles of fine Val. Pheer ie and clusters of tucks, open a hogany, hogany €nish and in gold. and $75.00 respectively.
a iain ae $2.09 $46550-900000199 40 RES ilies that were $50.00, $95.00, $125.00, Couches covered with leather and vele

vet: value $14.00, $23.00, $30.00, $42.00,
£57.90 and $70.90, at $10.00, $15.00, $19.50,

$30.00, $40.00 and $50.00 respectively.

in Consequence, By the withdrawal of the ——_ =
Marblehead only the Philadelphia and the

lowa will be left on the Pacific station in addi-
tion toa few auxiliary cruisers engaged in sur-

$160.00, $200.00 and $690.00, will be
marked to-morrow $35.00, $60.00, $80.00,
$100.00, $135.00 and $450.00 respectively.

Cambric Drawers, tucked lawn um-
brella ruffle, with ruffle of Point de
Paris lace; others with Torchon lace

Corset Covers. Excellent quality muslin
Corset Covers, high neck, felled seams,

Boys’ Double Breasted Suits.

voring work. arf erase G. witecrewel from 1 buttons, perfect fittin & ;
act ve sorvieg will leave the Goverament with. ; cea ade ne ie ca it pearl buttons, pertec NG. scoccsoes ruffle, open and closed. .........0.0 08 Bedroom Furniture—Brass Beds; 1% i back, reed seat and ris
for American Interests in Central America and nstead of $5.50, of all wool blue serge and fancy mixed caasimeres and cheviots, V meck Corset Covers, with hem- " and 2 inch posts; some with canopy and oc Cee ev Or eoerertereeeeeeens

the Weat Indies. ‘The gonboat. Machias will | 93-98 too much cannot be sald of the quality of these auits; ages 8 to 18, stitched tucks and ruffle front and back; Cambric Drawers, tucked lawn um- bow foot; value $38.00, $50.00, $53.00, Mattresses of pure black or gray South

have to do all thi ting d i i i : ;
arg $9 60 Wi oe eokisel Viked fe ceeded te in good line of well-wearing mixtures, if appearance and | others trimmed with embroidery... .25¢ POON ESN, WE MAIFTIOR OAS 0g a $70.00, $35.00, $90.00 and $125.00, at American hair; 40 lbs, full stze; covered

asthe auxilia boat Vixe e C

Chien duty. Ary Sunboat Vixen ts needed for) At $1,98 and $2.98 service count for anything they'rs worth $1.00 to $1.50 more | lace, open and closed, .........,., €9¢ $30.00, $36.00, $38.00, $49.00, $64.00, with A. C. A. ticking ; value $22.00, at
rite, departure, from, the Phitppines ofthe | on each sult; ages 7 to 15. | Corset Covers, round neck, trimmed | Camnbric Drawers, with umbrella ruffle | $63.00 and $96.00 respectively. oe
of Dewey's May Day squadron in Asiatio It’s an old and much used price, but these Panta with embroidery and ribbon....,. . de of fine embroldery and tucks above, open Bureaus and Chiffoniers of maple, ma- Mattress, all hair; covered with A. C,
waters. The Olympia, Raleigh and Boston KNEE PANTS AT 49c. are new and much superior to the kind usually and closed bees l¥E hogany, oak and mahogany finish; value A. ticking; 40 Ibs., full size; value $10
have returned tothe United States and been | gold at the price, big assortment of mixtures and plain blue; ages 3 to 14, Four pretty styles Corset Covers, one PED EVAR EO RE AREA TRADES OS $6.00, "$12.00, $30.00, $45.00, $35.00, at oeeeeeve oe

round neck with six insertions of lace in
ne front, finished off with lace, ruffle and

riobon run beading; others square and
Phonographs, Graphophones and Records.

V neck, trimmed with embroidery, and
another style square neck, trimmed back
We have the best assortment of Edison Record; in Greater New York, also ORG ORE WHE Biv or 9v00 vereee Me
the best line of Edison Phonographs, Edison Standard Phonograph, the Edison
Home Phonograph, and the Edison Gem Phonograph, also the Concert Grand.

Brass Horns, all sizes, stands, record boxes and carrying cases.
Special Cabinets, 75 peg, in oak, highly polished, $8.00,
Edison Records, 35¢, each, three for $4.00,

niaced out of commission. The places of the
Concord and Benalington will be filled by the
former Spanish gunboata Don Juan de Austria
and Isiade Cuba, which were placed in com-
mission at Hong Kong this week. They were
huilt by the Spaniards especially for service tn
the Philippines. When the Baltimore starts
for home and the Monterey andthe Monadnock |
have been paced out of commission or laid up
in reserve, the only big ships remaining on
duty in the far East will be the armored cruiser
Brooklyn, the battleship Oregon and the pro-
tected cruisers Newark and New Orleans,
The rest of the Asiatic fleet will be composed
of gunboute, most of them little fellows, .

Cambric Drawers, lawn umbrella ruffle,
with insertion and ruffle of Point de
Paris lace; others with Maltese lace; also
some with full umbrella ruffle of fine em-
broidery. Nainsook Drawers, with wide
insertion of fine embroidery, with full
lawn umbrella ruffle, with insertion and
edge of fine Val. lace......... 9c

$95.00, $120.00 and $150.00, at $4.75,
$9.50, $21.00, $30.00, $50.00, $65.00, $75.00
and $100.00-res pectively.

 

300 Pillows, filled with geese feathers
3 Ibs; value 2.00, ats sees sesee LBB
Fourth floos. ,

Smyrna Rugs at Lowest Prices.

These are the best quality, all wool, reversible Smyrna Rugs which Fri
Breslin & Co., of Camden, N. J., make. “Empress” Rugs they are called
in the trade. It is an exceptional chance that brings them to us so that the
price to you to-morrow may be unusually low. Most are patterns which
the manufacturers do not intend making again; a few have slight mill im-
perfections—are an inch or so longer or shorter than the regulation meas.
urement. But the quality is the very best and the designs and colorings
are mostly of this season. The list below gives comparison of to-morrow’s
prices with our regular prices and our regular markings are much below
prices elsewhere. First choice of course to the early comers and a wide as-
sortment to choose from:

18x36 in., regularly $1.25; at......,. 0c
21x46 in., regularly $1.75; at...... $1.30
26x54 in., regularly $2.55; at...... $1.98

Nainsook Corset Covers, round neck,
with insertion and edge of fine Torchon
lace across front; others square neck,
filled in with Maltese lace,.......... .59¢

Lawn Corset Covers, low round neck,
with three insertions and edge of Point
de Paris lace and ribbon run beading,
back and front, tinished at waist with em-
broidery, beading and ribbon; others in
Nainsook with duchess lace insertion
across front, finished off at waist with
embroidery, beading and ribbon,,. .97¢

 

eewreee

 

more auitable for work in the pallippiges than
offensive-

Colored Petticoats.

600 black sateen Petticoats,
made with ten inch graduated ac-
cordion plaited ruttle, set on
skirt; trimmed top and bottom
with a ruch...-.-eeeee sees G29

ships of greater displacement an
ness,

Fulton Strect, Gallatin Place, Livingston and Smith Sts., Brooklyn.

 

ONE WHITEWRIGHT MILLION

Ont of Nine Undistribated Because of a Grand-
nephew's Suit,

Ruthven Whitewright Stuart, 19 years old,
suing by Jehiel T. Hurd as guardian, explained
{n papers filed in the Supreme Court yesterday
the circumstances on which he bases his
action to recover his maintenance for life from Buopervisor Wilbur, who {s going to count the
the eatate of his relative, William Whitewright, | people in New York on June 1 for the census,
Who died May 13, 1808, leaving ai estate of | began yesterday the work of enumorating the

 

CENSUS BULLETIN TO CHINESE. LAW NOT DIRECTED AT DEFENDANTS,

Lawyer Can Get a Summary Order for His
Fee Against Only Ilis Client,
Robert Rochford, acab driver, brought suit

against the Metropolitan Street Railway Com-
pany to recover $25,000 damages suffered in |

 

Thetr Consul Calls on Them to Stand Still and
Be Counted Veraciously.

Chemises. Masonville Muslin Chemise,

with corded band and pearl buttons, ,29¢ 6x6 ft., regularly $11.35; at........ $8.35
6x9 ft., regularly $15.50; at....... $IL4S

7.6x10.6 ft., regularly $24.00; at... $17.78

Special Corsets Values.

Nainsook Chemise, round neck, with if :
+ { 750 Corsets, made specially for

full lawn ruffle, with insertion and edg: of

 

, Odin May, havea value of $650 each,

£9,000,000, The papers were filed with an or-
der of Justice Fitzgerald permitting him to
ferve thea summons by publication on several
defendants in the suit, resident abroad, who

residents of some of the foreign quarters.
There is always great difficulty in enumerat-
ing the foreign-born residents of the city, and
in many cases it is necessary to employ in-

a collision,
the head of his lawyer, Alfred ©, Cowan, for

200, although Cowan had a eontract with his
client for half the recovery,

The company settled the case over |

Val. lace and ribbon run beading, ruffle
at bottom, with insertion and edge of
lace; others of lawn with two insertions
and edge of Maltese lace embroidery bead-

us by one of the best American
corset makers; colors are white and
gray; material is sateen; style, long
waist; prettily trimmed with lace;

30x60 in., regularly $3.10; at.,.... $2.25
36x72 in., regularly $4.45; at......$3.27
30x33 in., regularly $1.95; at...... $1.49
36x40 in., regularly $2.75; at...... .$1.98

9x9 ft., regularly $26.75; at........ $19.98
9x10.6 ft., regularly $29.50; at... .. $20.78
9x12 ft., regularly $31.50; at......$23.50
9x15 ft., regularly $43.50; at...... $32.78

come in under the will, terpreters, One ofthe first steps Mr. Wilbur | By virtue of the amendment of 1899 to Sec- | ing and ribbon at waist, tucked lawn ruffle ’
William Whitewrlght was 83 years old at his | took was to confer with the foreign consuls, | tion Ut of the Code of Civil Procedure relating | at bottom trimmed with lace,,... $1.98 | Sizes from 18 to 26....++ +--+: 59 4x7 ft., regularly $7.45; at... +. .00. $5.45 Third floor
death, te was a stockholder in the Union | allot whom offered to assist. Consul General | to the lien of attorneys on @ cause of action .

Trust Company and many other corporations,
an! wasa member of the Chamber of Com-
merce, the Union League Club and the Union
( ‘ub. Ha was a bachelor and left most of his
estate toa number of distant relatives, but did
hot mention the plaintiff, who was but 11
years old when the will was made. The gen-
eral pomise of Whitewright to provide for the
Catntif? was alleged when the boy procured,
sbouta month ago, the order appointing Mr.
Hurd his guardian.

The platntut’s father, William Whitewright

wite We Jeonnatee ie Mewace gran te mannt ener. an se ne William H, Davidow, as a member of Are- | Ae relator states that the actions of a

io Jana Roa % . ¢ a ; ' i : ;. ; | bm ’ 0 rom vote

on June 5, 1M7§, and they have two sons. The Mr. Wilbur's plan of sending postal cards to MISFORTUNES OF 21 COMPANY turus Chapter No. O1 of the Order of the | ing Tar Batriet Here who would otherwise | “f risco”
D AS . |

itl says that his brother and all the other
\inephews and grandnieces were provided
rinthe will except himself, The accounts of
the executors were passed upon March 5, 1000,
showing thatall the estate had been distrib-
Pied except $1,000,000 which is held by the
tion Trust Company to await the result of
the present action.
The plaintiff avers that in December, 1888
is mother, believing ahe had a good cause of
Roy awainst his father, was about to sue
Wegoh, Qeeolute divorce, but that Willian
ayltewright intervened and asked her not to
18 nthat way. He sald, according to the
Pennie, that ifshe would aue for a separation
Aree we Would be responsible for her matnten-
nee aud that of thelr two sons aa long as they
brough g ing on this assurance, his mother
at he tasult for aeparation against his father
an ya gme and secured a decree in her favor,
hi dt) not thereafter sue for divorce. Tho
Aint agks that the estate of the testator be
leid aubject to this promise.

 

 

GOV. ALLEN'S OPPICIAL YACHT.

The Mayflower Soon to Be in Condition to
Salil for Puerto Rico.

te . ‘ers have been received at the Navy Yard
fog. Ai7h to put the converted yacht May-
‘Wer 'n condition, sothat she may be com-
Missionwd within thirty days. She is to be
e Mine At the disposal of Assistant Secretary
abpointe rd Charles 8, Allen, who has been
Dalrsitis salt none of Puerto Rico, The re-
The Mayft onan hot cost more than $800,
Goole? Wer Was formerly owned by Ogden

 

— Applicants for Colambia Fellowships.
he Secretary of Columbia University has

 

Chow prepared an elaborate proclamation in
Chinese, explaining why the census enumera-
tors would viait the residents of Chinatown
apd what they would wantto know, and call-
ing on all Chinamen to aid them in gathering
the desired Information, This proclamation ts
signed by the Consul-General and bears the
great seal of the Consulate, Mr. Wilbur sent
the copy to Washington, and Director-General
Merriam {« having {t printed by a photo-litho-
graphic process, Copies of it will be posted In
all tne piaces where Chinamen congregate. It
is expected that thia proclamation will ald

to be out of town on

eraons who are likel
; hes worked very satis-

census day, June I,
factorily. So far 25,478 replies have been re-
ceived, each telling where a representative of
the family will be on census day to give the in-
formation which the Government desires.
These replies have been arranged by districts,
and the persons will be counted as though they
were {In town,

ALLEGED MASHER FINED $810,

George Gebhart Was Charged With Insulting
Mrs. Edward Holdsworth.

George Gebhart, who was arrested fn front
of the Waldorf-Astoria on Friday night for in-
sulting Mrs. Edward Holdsworth of 222 East
Twenty-fifth street, was fined $10 by Magis-
trate Brann in the Jeffersun Market court yes-

terday. He told the Magistrate that he had
only tried to protect Mrs. Holdsworth from
being run over by a hansom. Holdsworth, who
was in court, made a rush for Gebhart when he
first caught sightof him, but was held back
by several policemen,

 

 

To Attend the Canonization of de la Salle,

The Rev. Brother Joeeph, Visitor of the
Christian Brothers for the Province of New
,and the Rey. Brother Girardus, Visitor
ofens same order for the Province of St. Louls
will sail for Europe on the Campania on April
21. They are going to Rome to assist at the
canonization of de Ja Salle, founder of the
Christian Brothers, on May 34.

Elections in the Seventy-First Regiment,
Two former volunteers have been unante
mously elected to commissions in Company A
They are Seret. J. H.

 

for their services, Lawyer Cowan obtained an

order from the Supreme Court directing the |

Metropolitan Street Railway Company to pa
him $130, as half of the money paid to Ranh.
ford in settlement.
states; “The Court, upon the petition of the
eilent or attorney, may determine and enforce

e iien.

The Appellate Division of the Supreme
Court says that Cowan can get @ summary
order against his client forthe $130, but that
to collect from the company he will have to

ment.

 

Firemen Hope That New Commander May
Bring Them Better Luck.

Capt. James Roan has been put in command |

of Engine Company 21 of East Fortleth street,
to fill the vacancy made by the transfer of Capt,
William Clark, and the men now hope fora
change in the seeming Lil luck that has always
attended the company. The misfortunes com-

menced with the wrecking of a new engine |

against @ Becond Avenue Elevated Railroad
‘ilar, During the great national parade in
SH2, Its best horse dropped deed several
weeks ago the hose wagon collided witha truck
at Forty-fourth street and Recon! avenue,
throwing the men tothe ground and injuring
Lieut. Howe aeverety. In the damage sultthat
followod it came to light that the truck driver

had but one eye, and consistent with “tweoty- |

one luck,” that one happened to be onthe
wrong side at the time ofthe collision. Tha
company has had many accidents of various
kinds, but the latest and saddest occured ata
recent fire in Rast Forty-fourth street, when
Firemen Bowen and Smith were drowned ina
flooded cellar.

ENGLISH ACTRESS PINED 8&3,

Maud Newhall Made a Distarbance in the
Ashland House.

Maud Newhall, an actress who arrived here
from England a month ago, made a disturbance
{n her room at the Ashland House on Friday
night and was removed to Bellevue Hospital on
the theory that she was insane. The physicians
atthe hospital sald she was suffering from al-
coholiam and she was taken to the Yorkville

olice court yesterday. There she said she had

The amendment of 1899 |

 

 

| DISPUTED EASTERN STAR ELECTION.

| Man Says Sister Herr Was Counted Out in |
prosecute the action for damages to a judg- |

Favor of Sister Bohm.

Fastern Star, has obtained an alternative writ

| of mandamus from Justice Fitzgerald of the |
fupreme Court with a view of compelling |
Grand Matron M. Eva Williams of the Grand |
Chapter of the Btate to consider and set aside |

an election jast December of Minnfe Bohm as
Matron of hie chapter.

The relator explains that the Order of the
Fastern Star !s.composed of Free Masons, thelr
wives, mothers, sisters, daughters and widows,
and |s divided into chapters in each State, the
Grand Chapter of the Orler of the Eastern

of the different chapters {n this State. It is
provided that no rules are to be made which

conflict with those of the State Grand Lodge |

of Masons. The highest office in tho State {s
filled by the Grand Matron. The highest
offices in the chapters are Matrons and Asso-
ciate Matrons, which must be filled by women,
| and the office of Patron which is Oiled bya
nan.
| The annual election of Arcturus Chapter took
place on Dee. 21 last. According to the rules it
was presided over by the Patron, and the Patron
was Kudolph bohm.
Associate Matron for the preceding year, and,

itis alleged, was inthe order of promotion for |

Matron, but Patron Bohm conceived the idea of
having his relative, Minole Bohm, elected to
that office. It appeared that Associate Matron
Rarriet Herr had at the meeting
election submitted an application to demit,
which, In Masonic parlance, is explained to
mean to resign. The relator states that no
officer under the rules can demit, but must
serve the full term ofa vear. It is averred that,
although Harriet Herr had withdrawn hor

application to demit, and although she could | a Lieutenan i

Star of the State of New York having control |

Harriet Herr had been |

Our guarantee covers loss by fire

'

chapter. Thereupon Patron Bohn, it

is alleged,

appointed one Bohm, another relative, asteller, |

have done so;and he then goes behind the
He says he received certificates from
twenty-two persona present to the effect that
they had voted for Harriet Herr.

{nto the election.

receding the |

count.

Harriet Herr was
counted out.

of

| and the voting proceeded.
The official count showed that Minnie Babe
had received 10,

46 votes and Harriet Herr

Patron

Davidow avers that he applied to Grand |

Matron M. Eva Willlams under the rules for
appeals, but that she has neglected to inquire
He appends his letter to the
Grand Matron on the subject in which he says
that he makes the application with no
sonal feeling against

he has the hig

eat regard,

Unveiling of Washington and Lafayette Statue.

After extensive preparation the pedestal to
the Washington and Lafayette statue at La- |
fayette Park, junction of Morningside avenue
and Manhattan avenue and West 114th street,
is ready, and_ the long-deferred unvelling will
| occur next Thursday afternoon. 5

monies will comprise addresses by Lieut,- (Gov.

Woodruff, Gen. Horatio C,

D’'H. Washington.
| eity of Charles Broadway Kouas.
memorate more fully the anniversary of the
Battle of Lexington, and of the departure of
Gen. Lafayette for America, the cominittee has |
ranged a special program nie for the evening

the same day at Carnegie Hall.

 

New Twelfth Regiment OMcers.

Company D, Twelfth Regiment, has elected
Robert Emmett, formerly of Troop A, First
Lieutenant, and Sergt

Hecond Lieutenant.
a sergeant in Troo,
Puerto Kico, and

,,
A durin
the Tweltth Volunteers.

vere
tater Bohm, for whom
He asks the Court
to compe! the Grand Matron to ascertain wh

“maliciously and wickedly

The cere-

King and Col. W.
The atatue is the gift to the
To eom-

H, Williamson,

Lieut. Emmett served as
its campaign [n
feut. Wililamaon served as

First

 

 

MADE TO DRAW OR NO CHARGE, |
Esaminations and Estimatca Free.
References—Wiu. W. Astor, Jos, H. Choate, White
law Reid, and many otber prominent people.
JOHN WHITLEY, ‘Chimney Peper
a Mata.

216 Fulton st., Brooklyn, N, Y. Tel, 14
TAis advt. appears Sundays and Wednasdays,

 

 

M'GIFFERT, CONGREGATIONALIST.

 

The Professor Proposed for Membership in |

Manhattan Conference.

Prof. Arthur C. MeGiffert of Union Seminary
was proposed for membershipat the Manhattan

Congregational Conference held last Wednes- | /
front and low bust, and retains the ot

day at the North Congregational! Churoh In
East 143d street. The minister proposing the
name was unable to say whether the professor
would immediately accept membership in the

Congregationalist Church or await the final
disposition of hia case by the Preabytenan
General Assembly, but he waa ina position to
aay that Prof. MeGiffert would ultimately join
the Church, There was & unanimous vote to
receive the name.

Stranded Englishman Appltes for Aid.

William Wakefield Houghton, 35 years old,
of London, England, appeared atthe Out-Door
Poor Department yesterday and asked Supt.
Blair to help him until an allowance comes
from England from his people, He aaid that
five years ago he got the wandering foot and

left home. He went to Central America and in
Mexico caught the fever. Then he went to
Panama and finally landed in New York. He

|

|

COLD STORAGE FOR FURS—We have added the system of dry and cold air storage to our customary facilities for

the safeguarding of Furs, Rugs, Portieres, etc., during the summer months.
or theft as well as damage by moths.

~ |California Corset Co's
|New Model

Straight
Front.
Low

Bust.

The “Frisce’’ is Perfection. It is straight
fr

 

features of our corsets, reducing abdomen 4
to 12 inches and lengthening walst 1 to %
inches. We invite all interested to visit our
parlors and be fitted. To those who cannot
call we will send catalogue on application,
We have only our Brooklyn place and our
goods are not sold in stores. We do a large
mail order business and solicit more.

California Corset Co.

Fulton & Host ata., Brooklyn, N.Y. Entrance Hoytet,

   

Alleged Shoplifters Held.

Two alleged shoplifters were arraigned ina
the Jefferson Market court yesterday charged
with stealing articles valued at $160 from four

department stores. They were arrested ia
Sixth avenue by Detectives Kash and Larkin,
They anid they were Mra. Annie Scott, 35 years
old of 142 Sumner avenue, Brooklyn, and Mre,

Peceived 155 appiieatio venty-first_reciment. } 4 ;
w) ne for university fellow- | 7, ‘irst Lieutenant, and Sergt. W. H. | loeta diamond bracelet in the hotel, She ha ot demié if she wanted to, Patron Bohm just | Seret. John P. Fennell of Company G has been speaks several languages. Supt. Blair said he | ; ! |
Binns larger namber than in any previous Ler eaeeee oT reesn toeee ieutenant, Both me excited over tha loss, ahe anid, and | before the election announced that he had | appointed Regimental Con missary Sergeant, | would keep Houghton io the City Lodging ; edie Wien. a0 pears old of 1032 Digs s
Those fellowships, which will officers served in the caapaign against the | scolded the hallboys. Magistrate Mayo fined | accepted her demit and declared that she was | " First Sergt. rge F. ) urphy of Company pokes op Be isverevenes until his people eould , for 7 yn. Magistrate Brana ’

be awards

Rpenish in Cuba

her $3, which she paid,

dropped from the rollof membership of the

has been appointed color sergeanu