IIE CAUSE OF WOMAN.

—_———
ED 4TTIIODE OF NEWSPAPERS
TOWAKD BUFFRAGIBIS,

CHANG

ctoria naan Answer to the Asser-

re That Public Life Obiiterates Fem-

pine Qualities =A College Woman's
suffrage League Formed—Notea.

wasnt ron, April 18, - There is no “sign of

the times which brings more hope to the hearts

c enlisted in the struggle to secure equality

: cas aod privileges for women than the attitude
of a large and increasing number of the great
daily paparson this question, In a recent editorial
on “Women and ewspapers,” the St, Louta Giobe-
Demo rat remarks that “@ hundred years ago
the ad torof adaily % arcely thought it worth while
to reckon with women a9 @n element of support,
and far into the present century newspapers were
made for man, and #0 far as the feminine element
was introduced, it was with @ @ense of indulgence
for the playful side of @ serious vocation.” The
editorial thus continues:

Rut a generation or two ago matters began to |

It was even discovered that women

vid write political leaders and put 4 vigorous
por upon slialae of State. * * © The time
has long since passed when the name of a woman
attached to a newspaper article excites surprise,
And as women have progressed in newspaper work
they hare also advanced as newspaper readers.
The reader is a critic and to a certain extent an
arbiter in newspaper ev ution, By taking an
interest in the presa women have become one of its
main shaping forces, and the editor who thinka to
ignore their tastes or defy their standard finds
himself out of balance with the times and Alling

» rished want.”

7 gle site the editor says “Intelligent and
conscientious women are putting thelr impress
upon the newspaper world both as patrons and
eriters, and It ts gratifying that such ta the case,
The newspamr ts no longer addressed to half of
mankind. The approbation of women has be-
coms as necessary to sound newspaper success

as the support of men.”

The correctnaas of this statement is universally
recognized by reputable newspapers, A century
ago It was acommon thing for the women of good
families not to bs able to read or write, Itindicates
eonsiderable progress to find them now “one of the
main shaping forces of the press,” and “their
approbation necessary to sound newspaper suc-
seca” Forty rears ago the woman writer in the
dally press was practically unknown and the few
who ventured into this distinctly masculine do-
main sicned fictitious names, and were both
Hdieuled and condemned for getting out of their
sphere. Now they “are putting thelr impress
upon the newspaper world,” and this work ly
regarded as legitimate for them as for men
Surely, upon this point there ts occasion for the
highest gratification and encouragement.

ehang®

The Altanta Journal, published in a section
which is considered especially conservative
on the woman question, had this to say, & few
daysago, avout women in Government employ:

The tme is coming, we belleve it ts nearly here,
when women Will receive the constderauon that they
deserve

Men hare passed, or sre rapidly passing, from the
barbarism which subordinated women and are coming
to realize the gracious and blessed wuth that the best
hope of the world's progress and salvation depends
ipon the exercise and assertion of woman's wisdom,
tact, and elevating power.

The Washington Post, in considering this sub-
ject, said in its issue of April 10:

The Post sincerely belleves in and persistently
advorates “Jusuce to women.” The Post regards
the success of the woman's rights movement as the
great soctal reform of the century, For it has sue
ceeded magnificently, in spite of the fact that com-
paratively litde progress has been made in the mat-
ter of equal suffrage.
of which the agitation for the ballot was inagurated
have been secured, ® . ® .

One of the great triumphs of the woman's righ
erusade Is seem tn the fact that after seventy-five
years of exclusion from employment tn the national
civil service the bars were letdown As the matter
stands to day Were is no legal discriminauon against
women tn any of the departments,

The editor goes still further and says:

It is {n municipal much more than (n national or
State governments that women In the pubile service
fall to receive justice, The Post bas always con-
tended that our cities could well afford to ignore the
aw of supply and demand io reguiaung the com-
pensation of teachers, 111s not ‘air to have a higher
schedule of pay for male thau for female teachers,
merely because there are more Women than men who
are available for such positions. In private business
the crue) law of supply and demand must necessarily
contro! wages, but there ls Do such mecesaity in public
affairs, * * © All over the U'nited Staves, not
nly in cities and villages but in rural regions, dis-
crimination against woman teachers in compensa-
Honisthe rule, Itis altogether bad

Yes, it is altogether bad, and it cannot be ez-
plained by the law of supply and demand. In
fact, achool boards, as 4 rule, cannot be forced
to make anexplanation. It is, however, & matter

of congratulation that an influential daily paper
Will speak out boldly against the outrage.

The Chicago Chronicle, in referring to the

|
|
|
|
|
|

|
|
\
|
!
\

About all the righ In ald.

@tatement that where women have the school |

suffrage they exercise it in a sporadio and emo-
tional way, says this is just aa true of men voters,
and makes this deduction

Misuse or neglect of the ballot does not constitute
& good argument for disfranchisemeut of any portion
of the people. That @ considerable portion of tn-
teliigent and admirable women desire to vote when
they please isof record in almost every large American
community, It has not been proposed in any qiarter
to make suffrage compulsory tf eatended w ‘omen,
It ts not compulsery Upoo Men who are gualiiied
electors,

When Dr. Lyman Abbott went from New York
to Bosion wo oppose the petition for extension of suf-
frage so as to Include Women on the Same terins as
nen, he went on a foolish errand. He was Justly
and brillantiy sent home shorn by Julla Ward Howe,
tts 4 constitutional privilege in this land to peution
for anything lawful. Women who want to vote are
‘thin (heir proper domain in eApressing thelr wish
according to law, Women who do not want to vote
werd not concern themselves with the quesuon, They
and their ailies who Seek (he forum Against the women
WhorespecuUully ask the ballotare llable to be thought
deficient in appreciation of democratic Insutuuons,

These editorial utterances all have been gathered
Within a few days, but such expressions have
become of frequent occurrence. Among the
gteatest needs of the so-called woman move-
ment in its long and up-hill course has been the
support of the press, It is wholly impossible
for any movement to succeed without it. This
one bas had nothing to offer in return. At first,
as we baye seen, women were not even readers
of the newspapers. They are not idvertisers
in any great degree ‘Their “cause” aever has
been able to buy space, if, indeed, it were for sale
They have had no party. backing, no political
Influen-e, which necessarily must count in the
Management of a paper. Editors have had
Rothing material to gain, but possibly considerable
f lose, in advocating the rights of woman, and
SO itis notsurprising that the latter have lacked
Me support of the great journals of the day

At first the idea of “woman's rights” possessed

 

 

  

 

  

Pufficent novelty to call forth denunciation and
Nocule Then it was merely relegated to ob-
eeuniv, crowded into the background by more
Pressing and vital questions. Bor the past few
rear wever, it has been steadily coming to
he frout and no one can study current news
}4pers and magazines without recognizing that
S be i A peptilar subject of discussion
: > and Writers 4re taking it up because the
People are interested in it, and vice versa Ds
fusson is what its advocates desire above all
ese for this must inewiauly lead to the conclusion
that in this demand for equal ruzhts for women
Citize s involved the foundation prneiple of
the Republic of the United States
hhe world newer has had so conspicuous an
de le of ine facet that pubhe life does not ob
Litera he f ’ qualities as in the case of
Q. \ i She entered upon a public
fareor at the ace f 18 and has been er nspicu
ie thr lichtibhat bate upen a throne
ree sco ey raand yet there isnot
pa a more truly womanly woman”
A be alt tes Whoch fo to make up that
Character S has demonstrated in the most
eourcng manner that a woman may rulea
| Ba, t reside over councils of State, be a
a ehtelan and vet discharge in the fullest
every duty of wife and mother
ad ra hegina has been among the most
, Vives, the most faithful of widows, the
Bon “voted of mothers to her nine children
the Ssessas the feminine characteristics in
iM est degree Tt is her mother-instinet
; ears her to her subjects, who look
} ras their creat “caretaner,” to use the
aut ax ressson One who sojourns in Great
eet ’ continually impressed with the
one hes which she is continually giving
eek c acts The declaration of the war

5 Africa was to her a heart-breaking oc
Pare +4 and she has tried in many little motherly
Oar thw ber tenderness. The sepding of
Much dent chocolate to every soldier has been
oe derided. but it was regarded by the poor

* io the Transvaal as @ personal message

 

B

Le

from their Queen, and the cana containing the
chocolate have been sent back to ther families
to be Kept as heirlooms.

When the Queen wished w pay the highest
compliment within her power to the Irom sol-
diers, she went on @ vieit to Ireland in thia

country we arerretp can grasp the meaning of
this act) A siit from our resident is simply
@ pleasant incident in the histury of the «uy
thus honored, and calle merely for a waving of
tags, the burning of sayrockets, @ litte oratory,
4 great deal of handshaking, and then 4 lull
unl the next President comes round but
in England the coming of the Sovereign marks
an epock, The magnincent retinue, the splendid
cee jonies are the memory of a lifetime, ‘Ll bheir
Chief bxecutive is not @ transitory permoneee,
invested wit) power for @ few short years, but
one who rules, if not by divine right, at least
by virtue of ancestors who for oeadly @ thou.
sand years have sat upon a4 throne, and who
will be deposed only by death, liowever the
racicals may decry the idea, a divinity stil} doth
beuge about # king in Great Kirin. Seotland
looks forward all the year to the few months which
the Queen spends in the autumn at |almoral,
‘The people of the Isle of Wright are never 60
proud and happy as when her Majesty is tn resi-
dence at Usborne, All London is pleased when
she comes in from Windsor and takes up her
abode in Kuckingham I alace

And se the inost cordial, the most loving, the
most commenter, thing which Queen Vic-
torla possibly could do was to show her ap-

redation of the courage and bravery of the

fish soldiers in the South African War by visit-
ing their beloved home, There was undoubtedly
much opposition from those about her, and is
was 4 serious unde: taking, in an inclement reo-
son, for one past 80 years of age It is said truly
that if the Queen had made these visits ai inter-
vals, as she uid to other parts of her kingaom,
the Irish would have been as loyal as her other
subjects, but that is another story, She is now
in Dublin. A royal welcome has been extended
end she will remaina month It was 4 wise,
gtacious and womanly thing w do.

A College Woman's Suffrage League has re-
cently been organised in Boston, its officers be-
ing graduates of Kadcliffe, Boston University
and Wellesley. Miss Lilen Hayes, Second \ice-
President, is professor of mathematica at W elles
ley. ‘lhe ‘Treasurer, Miss Mabel Adama, is a
member of the Quincy (Mass.) School Hoard.
Mra. Alice Freeman Palmer, former President
of Wellesley, is a member of the league. ‘Ihe
regular membership is restricted to college wo-
men, but others are permitted to become associate
members ‘This provision was made in order
to admit the husbands, all of whom wanted to
joln as much ad@ their wives wanted to

ave them. ‘Lhe Preside..t of the league, Mra,
Maud Wood Park, was prepared for Kadrliffe
at | ishop Doane's School for Girls, in Albany,
is a stanch suffragist

Duri the Hawaiian debate in Congrens
last week Hepresentative bitzgerald of Ma#
sachusetts took strong grounds against “taxing
these Hawaiians without allowing them repre-
sentation in the Government” tle was so busy,
however, in championing the cause of these na-
tives and half-breeads in the Sandwich Islands
that he forgot to express his sympathy for Ameri-
can women who have been taxed without repre-
sentation ever since we had a Government.

Representative Champ Clark of  Missourt
rushed into the breach in regard to the Liistrict
of Columbia, declaring: “I am totally opposed
to any portion of the people of the United States
being taxed, and then being without representa
on upon this floor, ‘That is the principle we
got up the Revolutionary War about and it was
well worth fighting for This bill of mine pro-
vides that the people of the District shall have
the right to vote and to elect a delegate to Con-
gress ‘The fact that, right here, under the shadow
of this Capitol, 300,000 American citizens, white
and black, have no more voice in thelr Govern-
ment than the inhabitants of Africahavein theirs
is the saddest commentary ever made upon free
government”

Toe sutfragists must have Representatlve
Clark on the platform at their next convention
This is just as good womans rights doctnne
as one ever hears from their rostrum = Of course,
these $00,000 disfranchised American eltizens in
the District, about whom Mr. Clark ts 60 con
cerned, Include 1s many women as men. While
{t fs no worse for people to be deprived of their
representation under the shadow of the Capitol
than fn allother parts of the United States, yet
he Is quite right in calling such a condition “the
saddest commentary ever made upon free govern
ment.” A warm welcome awalts this new cham-
pion of woman's enfranchisement

The politiclans who oppose suffrage for woman
scarcely can 7 ake an Argument on human rights
without stultifving their positfon, ‘lake, for ex-
ample, the letter sent by ex-Senator George F.
Edmunds to be read by Senator Proctor fn bis
speech on the Puerto Rican question:

Uf we are not bound by the letter of the Constitution,
we are bound by Justice and humantty to deal wiih
these questions in the spirit of American institutions
and American ctvilirattion. Our mission must be to
prepare these people, who have come by the fortunes
of war under our control, for self-government accord-
ing w American ideas, and during this process we
must treat them with absolute Justice and good faith.

Why is our Government under any more obliga-
tions to prepare these sem|-civiljzed people for
self government, |. ¢., the exercise of the franchise
and the ponding fottce, and to deal with them “in
the s lrit of American tastitutions,” than {tt Is
to grant self-government to the women of the
United States who are already prepared for it
and to “treat them with absolute justice and good
faith” And yet the effort tw secure for woman
the dght of representing herself in our Gover
ment Eas had no more Litter and determ!ned op-
ponent than ex-Senator Edmunds, who can recog-
nize so clearly and advocate so eloquently the
rights of Puerto Rican men.

Johns Hopkins University has petitloned the
Maryland Legislature for a grant of $50,000,
and several Iniiuential Granges of the State have
sentinacounter petiion that no State ald be fur-
nished until women are admitted to the Universtiy
onthe same termsasmen. ‘Thists the correct view
to take. Women's taxes, as well as men's, go
{nto the State Treasury and the legislature has
no moral ritht to appropriate them for an educa-
tonal instftutfon which arittrarily excludes
women from fts privileges ‘The Grange from ft
{neeption has admfited women to full membership
and demanded full equal!ty of rights for them

A very large number of women In Ohlo made
use of thelr school suffrage last week. Of the
9,172 (instead of 19,000) who registered In ( leve
land 7,342 cast thelr ballots he Press of that
elty sald: “Cleveland women put the Cleveland
men to shame. Des; tte the ratn and mud, which
comtined to make election day one of the most
disagreeable In many years, more than 60 per
cent of the women who had registered walked
to the booths and voted. Of the 70,329 men who
had the right to vote 81,043 were afraid of the
taln.”

If neglect to use the auffrege ts cause for taking
it away then It is the men and not the women
of Cleveland who should be disfranchised. It
must be borne In mind that these women had to
make one journey In order to be registered and an
other to gote, and vet they could vote merely on
echool matters; while men with the same effort
were permitted to vote for all the officers and on all
the questions connected with municipal affairs,
and vetonly 55 rercent. castthetrballots Ifthey
could have voted only for School ‘Trustees how
many of thie 55 per cent. would have folmed the
atay-athomes? Hut when women do not rush
forth en masse to register, having also in some
Instances to show their tay receipts, in order to
evercise this fragment of suffrage, the opponents
raise a great chorus, “Women do not want the
franchise.” Give them a chance to vote for Prest
dent and see! IpaA Hustep HARPER.

EQUAL SUFFRAGE IN COLORADO,

 

 

Benator Teller Writes of Ita Success There
as Well asin Other States.

The following letter was written a short time
ago by Senator Henry M. Teller to Misa Black-
well of the Boston Woman's Journat,

Fqual suffrage was secured in Colorado by an
amendment t> the Constitution adopted at a gen-
eral election held by the male voters, The amend
ment was support’d by influential members of

all the political parties, Democrats, Republicans
and Popalista t has not been a failure, but has
done much good

  
      
   

i Se

The women of Colorado appreciate the privilege, |

and conscientiously and intelligently exercise
their rights in that respect. I am sure, too, the
mon of that State have never seen any reason
to regret. that they extended to them the rght
dear: tof all rights, thatis, the rightto participate
in the affairs of a free government

We have elected ladies av members of our Gen- |

eral Assembly, ay County School Suoerintnd nts
as superintendents of publie institutions of the

State, and t>) other offices, and in ew ry position
they have dischareod the duties of their fier
) with as much fld lity and wiedom as any of our
male officials have displayed in toeir discharge of

| similar duties

Tho polities of the State bas been improved
hy the part cipation of the women in it) and that
has been accomplished witheot d trim t ty the
wom nN whoerercise the privil ges erat d

Equal suffrage xiits in \weroming, and has
existed th rein Territory and State for nearly
thirty years

effects of the system in Colorade is trae of We

POEMS WORTH READING,

 

An Enster Egg.

lam an Egg,

An Easter Ege.

Behold bow beautiful

My outstde Is,

In glittering gold,

Io silver sheen

And burnished bronze;

lo Tyrian purple

Andin vermell dyes;

In rainbow hues

Set solidly,

Or woven intricately

In curious, chaotic chromes;
In blended tints and shades
And to all manner

Of prismatic wonders.

I please the eye,

And satisfy the sense

Of harmony In all the are,
That light may play
Upon the chords of taste,
I fll the tired

@sthetlc soul

With that chromatic rest
Which quiet sunsets
Bring In June

To bathe a twilight world
In crimson peace;

Or yet again,

I stir the limner’s brush
To nobler victories

In realms of light.

That's how I am outside
My shell;

Within,

Imay bea bad egg.
Through and through;

A doubly whited sepuleBre,
In that, all colors blended
Are but white

That's me,

A gaudy glory w the eye
At every Easter show,

But wil

Reply to Kipling’s Telegram.
TERENCE TO MICKBY,
Yes, Mickey, it has come at last, the shamroek has tte

place,

The Queen has wore {ton her breast, an’ now it's no
disgrace;

St. Patrick, Erin's patron saint, at lest can have his
day

An‘ al) because the boys has fitan’ druve the Boere
away,

But!I'm glad the hatchet’s buried an’ the sky te all
serene,

An’ her Majesty 1s takin’ now to ‘wearin’ o° the

reen,”
But 's thinkin’ tf she'd come to see her subjects
cross (he say
Bhe would have made us feel she gave old lre
land fair play:
But we're lovin’ an’ forgivin’® an’ we'll gladly eee her

come

An’ welcome her wid freworks and batin’ av the
drum;

But she mustn't be neglectful of her subjects in these
parts

If she wants to win the favor of our loyal Irieh
hearts:

An’ Lbope she wont forget it that we're loyal te the
core,

But we're not @ whit more loyal than we alus was
afore.

We don't want separation, but we bave our Irish
pride,

And we wont have honest Irish rights by Boglishmen
denied;

We're just as good as they are, an’ maybe better
sull,

Fur they want our belp in ftin’ whin they've enemies
to kill.

So let thim do us justice, an’ thin it will be seen
Thatthe noblest bravest Briton ts “the wearer of the

Green,”
I’m not much of @ echolard, forI haven't beem at
schoo!
But I'm yodrs till day o' judgment, an’ long after,
TERENCE TOOLB

Hami_ron, Bermuds.

 

The Crows.

From the St. Louis Globe Demecras,

What a famous nolse there was
In the morning wheo | rose! e
All the alr was Uoarse with ‘'cawal
And the sky was black with crowa.

Hundreds circling round the trees,
Swooped duwn on 4 last year’s pest

Rose aud scattered, then, line bees,
Swarmed again and could not rest

Cawing, cawing a)! the time;
"Jill 1b @ ew bo one Great voice,
And you could not Deas the chime
Of ihe scboul clock for tue nolee

Every garden bush has heard,
Tprougt its tiny twigs and shoots;

And the lees have al) Leen stirred
Right down to their very roots.

Buds of green on branch and stem
Glisten in the mornir @ oun;

For the crow» have wakened them,
And ibey open one by one.

On the hill, last night, there lay

One white patch from winter snows
Now it's méited clear away

Witb the cawlug of the crows,

And a primrose, too, has heard,
Peeping out to nod and talk,

From te heuge roots to a bird,
Hopping duwn the garden wall,

What a famous nolse it was!
‘To make the trees aud bushes hear,
And Delds and Gowers and leaves, because
The merry time of spring ts wear,

GABRIRL SETOUN,

A Spring Ditty.

From the Atlanta Constitution.

Music o' the muckin'birds where wild the blossoms
giow
if\y woliion roses in o perfect storm of snow!
icy the groves rejoiciu’, an’ all the greenin’ Bilis
A-loosin' glad au’ giddy with the ripple o’ the rills!

There's a twinkle In the maples, there's a whisper im

An' ike. Biimmtn' bird is hummin' fer the mornian’-

Trerd a tbrlt of life pervadin’ all the mountains an’

An’ een ine breezes where the cattle shake their
telis.

Ob, the country's growin’ brighter, an’ the world in

Tee ai sania’ wher teas te wt

The Loid’s unioe.ed His storehouse, with all He's

An' Pie aod last forever we'd jest live, an’ live,
ap ye.

 

A Dance at the Ranch.

Fromthe Denver Evening Post.

From every point they @ally come, the broncos’ un-
shod feet

Pat at the green sod of the range with quick em-
sbatic beat;

The ifeases of the buxom girls as banners stream be-
hind

Like silken castigating whips cut at the sweeping
wit

The da hing cowboys, brown of face, aitin their sad-
die thrones

And sing the wild songs of the range tn free uneul-
tured tones,

Or ride beside the pretty @tris, like Gallant cavaliers,

And pour the usual fal.y tales into their listening
ears,

Within the ‘‘best room" of the ranch the jolly gath-
ered thong

Buzz like a »warm of human bees and lade the air
with song

| The maitens tap thetr sweetest smiles and give their

What] have seid of the benetcial |

ming It also evieted in the ‘Territory of Utah
for vears, until Congress, against the protests |
of the Utah pecole abolished 1 When the rer
ple of Utah came to make a State, they adopted |

and th ev, too, rte tovit

equal suffroge

  

the result, in tolorad Wvomirg ard ttuh
equal su'Trage has on sed the eroe db cents! store
There ult havejustiled all thathas beer clair ad
{or it by its sunmorters, and those who inveigh
against it as 4 failure or as tmori t the com.
munitie, adoring it are either ignorant of tts

resulta or are dish net

In Idaho equal onffrage mas vet be an experi
ment, a its adertion ts recert. but as dt! as been
a success in Colorado, Wyorung and Utah, there
is no reason te suppose it will be a failure in Idaho

The e four States are full of the eons and daugh-
tera of the Eastern and Central States, vers many
of whom are craduates of our best institu ti ns
of learning. Every great collere of the courtry
has an alumni association in the populous cities
of those States, and | believe all these will bear
witness to the fact that participation by women
in elections, general or local, has notin any de
gree lewered their love of home or their devo-
tion to their families, or dimirished their zeal
in the discharge of their religious duties; nor
are they lesa devoted as wives and mothers than
their sisters in ne ree cogaees Se cannot

wi jot, ours truly,

attack wrong wit i a Te -

 

tor gues full rein
In effort. ty ent ap tie Boys in admiration’s chain
The fiddier tune thestings with pick of thumb and
scrape of bow
Finds one sting “eyed a note too nigh, another keyed
too low,
Then roti s up the tight-drawn hairs, the young folks
Inafet
Unttithe! ears are @reeted with the warning words:
“All seat’
S'lute yer pardners! Let ‘er go!
Halaner all an’ du-se dol

Swit g ver girlsan’ run away!
Hight an‘ left an’ gents sashay!
Gel tstorghtan’ swig or cheat

Onto next gaban’ repeat!

Balance restan’ du't be sby!
Swi ge yer'ard an’ swig ‘er high’
Burechiobe gal. an’ ebrele round!
Whack yer feet ont they bound
Fiima basket! bere away!
Swing a iss an’ all wit gay!
Al’man leftan’ bala: er all!

Litt yer hoofs an’ let ‘em fall
Swiig yeronsttes! Swing agin
Ki ss the cage hens if you kin!
Back ty rardsers, do-se do!

All fine hands an’ off you go!
Geiits salute yer littl sweets!
Hitch au’ promenade to seats!

And thus the merry dance goes on till morning's
struggling light

In lengthening -treaks of gray breake down the
barriers of night,

And bronks are mounted tn the glow of early morn-
tig skies

By weary limbed young
alee pit @ eyes re

The cowboy, t) the ranges speed to “work” the
lowing herds

The girls within thetr chambers hide to aleep like
weary birds,

And fora week the young folks talk of what a jolly
apree

They had that nigbt at Jackson's raneb down on the
Owyhee

revelers with drooping,

THE SUN, SUNDAY, APRIL 1

 

 

QUESTIONS AN!) ANSWERS.

ee

“No event has occurred since the ermination of the
Revolutionary War which has produced tn this eltyv
such an instantaneous and livel) expression of joy
and of gratitude asthe GLAD ‘JIDINGS OF PEACR,
which reached us at & o'ciock of) Saturday evening
* 8 © A great proportion of the Houses were
luminated, cannon were fired from the Forts: the
Bells of Trinity Church were chimed, & *% &"—Com
mercial Advertiser, Monday, Feb. 18, 1815,

The above seltles this controversy tis clear that
there was a blunder tn the proof reading of my article
" the Memorial History of New York. ‘The Lith of
ebruary fell on # Saturday.

“My God, what @ city w plunder” If my memory
fa not at fault. 1 waa from the late Dr. Vranets Lieber
I heard that It was Blucher (the famous Marshal
Vorwarts), who, looking out on the city of London
from the dome of St Paul's, said) “Was tur tiunder’
Tt was ata dinner given by David Dudley Fle'd when,
4 discussion arisin
of Waterloo, Dr, Lieber settied the matter, saying, “I
Was there,’ and then told the above aneedote, = bMiucher
Wastin London in 1815. JOHN AUSTIN STPV ENS

T have aeen it stated tn print that England has con
tracted for 2,000,000 tons of American coal at 75 cents
per ton, and that the tariff on coal prevents an Ameri

  

as to some tneident of the battle |

can buyer from getting coal at a reasonable rate. |

Please inform me what the tariff rate ts on linported
coal. Also, as we have coal to sell an well as to burn,
how the tariff rave can affect the American consumer
any way .

The tariff rate on coal and culm mixed, bituminous
Coal and semi-anthracite coal is 67 cents a ton, In
theory, the American consumer can be charged 67
cents a ton more than {fall coal was free of duty

1, In what year was the Westfield disaster? 2.
on was the Orange riot? 3. What caused the
name “Black Friday,” and when did it occur, also,
who were concerned in it? 4 When was “Jim” Fisk
abot, and what were the causes or circumstances lead-
ing up to It, and what sentence did Stokes get, and
where did he serve it? J.J. HM.

L In 1471, July 30. 2 July 12, 1871. 3. The
panic in New York on Friday, Sept. 24, 1860. Gold,
then bought and sold like stocks, was cornered by @
syndicate composed of Jay Gould, James Fisk, Jr,
and some others. 4. Fisk was shot on Jan. 6, 1872;
he died the next day Stokes and Fisk had quar
felled because of a woman; they met on a stairway
in @ hotel where the woman was living, and drew
pistols; Stokes was first, and wounded Fisk. He was
sentenced to death Jan. 7, 1873, but cot a new trial,
and on a third trial was sentenced to four years’ im-
prisonment for manslaughter tn the third degree; he
gerved his time in Sing Sing prison, and waa par-
doned several years afterward

A beta that the law expelling the Jesuit order from
Germany has heen repealed by the Reichstag and
signed by the Emperor. 6 bets that the law fs still
in force, has not been repealed, although the Centre
party hastried for tt. L. T.

The Jesult Expulsion law of June 19, 1872, ts still
in force in Germany, The Reichstag repealed it, bus
the Bundesrath refused to do «0, in 1894 The matter
has come up again now.

On March 15, 1861, Justice Nelson of the Supreme
Court laid before Secretury Seward an opinion “to the
effect that there were serious constitutional objections
to the employment of coercive measures against the
Contederacy.” Is that opinion iu existence and ae-
cessi ble? A. S.A,

It may be in the sixth volume of Seward's “Works.”

In what year did the English Government cease
iansporting her convicts tothiscountry? EK. H. J.

Very few convicts were sent to this country; and in
1676 an act of Pariiament was passed forbidding the
Wansportation of convicts to America in the future.

1, How ts the compass insulated from attraction
ona modern battleship? 2. Why do wehavealonger,
oolder and more severe season of winter weather after
Dec, 21, when the earth begins to turn its northern
part toward the sun, than we do up to the same date,
when the same part of the globe ts turning away from
the sun and growing colder? In other words, why
is the average cold more intense and the weather wore
inclement from Dec 21 to March 20 than It ts from
Sept. 20 to Dec, 217 CONSTANT READER

1, The attraction of the vessel is excited on the
magnet more or less equally from al) directions; extra
blocks uf metal are placed around the magnet to coun
teractany undue magneticattzaction 2. The actual
Qstronomical winter does not begin until Dec 21; the
division of the year into seasons—winter comprising
December, January and February-isa purely con-
ventional In the real winter, Dea 21 to March 21,
the earth Is at ite greatest distance from the sun,
though the northern hemiaphere is turned toward It.

JH. T. wagers A, that the tin mines of America
(United States) produce tin ore in query as good and
as cheap in priceas Walea Which lacorrect? W

H. wing There are no commercial) tin mines tn this
eountry

 

Was Dr Jameson convicted by the British court
Defore which he waa tried for his raid on the Transvaal
fn 1806? If #0, what was the term of his imprison-
ment? G. E M.

Jameson and his subordinate leadera were con-
victed before Lard Chief Justice Russell of a violation
of the Foreign Enitstment act, and sentenced-—Jam-
@son to fifteen months’ imprisonment, the others to
shorter terma. They were all released before their
terme had expired.

What Is the meaning of the saying, “Tel! !t not to
Gath’? FINANCIAL.

The saying comes from David's lamentation over
the death of Saul and Jonathan (JL Samuel, 1, 20;
eee also Micah, 1, 10). Gath was one of the royal
cities of the Philistines, to which David on two occa-
sions had fed from Saul The meaning of the words
ae he used them was: Do not tell of Saul's death and
Jonathan tn a place where the news will cause re
foicing The words are used now as equivalent to:
broad.

 

Do not spread the new

 

Please say if every male person born tn the United
States Is eligible to the office of President, even if his
father is a Chinese and bls mother an American

J. a. 2B
He may be, when he reaches the age of 35, unless
deprived of his right by process of jaw. The male
ehiid of a Chinese couple, born here, la eligible.

What proportion of the | Confederate Army tn the
Civil War was composed of Irishmen or men of Irish
descent? J. BFRR\

We do not know; we have never seen an estimate.

1. Who wrote a poem called “The Last Token,” tn-
epired by Gabriel Max's pieture? 2. Who wrote a
poem called “The Little Woman"? & Who wrote the
play “Virginvus’? Al. ¢,

& James Sheridan Knowles It was produced frst
at Drury Lane Theatre, London, on Oct. 13, 1823, with
Macready in the title part
Answering the query of H.

McA., requesting the
authorship of the qin

yem containing the line “God
loughed one day with an earthquake,” | may say
hat tt is the first line in a poem called “The Hills of
the Lord,” by the Rev. William ©. Gannett,

D. W. BARKER

Was there a hotel in New York city tn the year 1876
called “Giermania’? If so, kindly give the location.
RS.

1. To whom and by whom wasthe key of the Bas
tile brought to this country and where {s(t nw?

2 What Vice-President took the oath of office two
days before the President? AD W

These were ‘prize questions,’ 1. Itwas sent to
this country by Lafayette, asa presentto Washing
ton:itisnowat Mount Vernon. 2. None. Weshould
much like to know where this question originated and
what the correct answer |s supposed to be.

 

Bridgehampton—Aug. 10, 1876, came on a Thura-
day.

A. O. T.—There is no law against advertising Con
federate money for sale.

 

William Erans--A funeral eannot cross the fire
lines; !t must go around them.

W. B. Burt—The Alabama and the Florida were
Confederate men-of war, and not privateers.

BR. e, Charleston--Macerstontein is a few miles
south of Kimberley, north of the Modder River.

enna

J. Bookstarer—Bret Harte's “Thankful Blossom”
was published under that name In Boston tn 1877.

F. S.—The paper used in printing newspapers is
made principally of wood pulp. no rags are used

F. M—On the Sixth avenue elevated road there
are (hirteen trains an hour each way on an average.

Lansing—-France paid over the indemnity required
by Germany, some
kept Intact at Spandau, in Germany, to this day

A. S. G.- “Nothing to Wear” ts fn Wililam Allen
Butler's collected poems We do not know of any
collection of American poetry solely in moderate con
pass.

J. c.- Under the law, a saloonkeeper, keeping a
public house, must se!! to all who come, except thove
who are Intoxicated or excepted under the law. He
cannot choose between his would be customers.

“John Brown" —The number of notaries ts limited
by law. to orcome A notary you
pay some present notary to resign in your faver, and
then get the Governor to appoint you

will probably have to

J.J. Green—Lord Roberts of Kandahar was born
in India: Ma}. Gen. Freneh was born tn Roscommon
Ireland; Lord Kitebener of Khartoum was born near
Cork; Maj.-Gen. Kelly Kenny was born possibly tn
Ireland

New Jersey--With hard work, you can.earn with
outtbe ald of a teacher toread aforecign language:
but you cannot learn to speak It orto understand It
spoken, without living among those who speak It
well and os natives,

E. M. Haillt--Cotns struck at the Philadelphia Mint
hare no mint mark. those struck at Carson City have
"CC" asa mint mark, while those struck in New Or-
leans are marked “O,” and those from San Franctaco
have “S.” Coins struck at Charlotte, N, C., and at
Dahlonega, N. C., before the war have respectively
°C” and “D” as mint marks

5, 1900.

 

POLITICAL NOTES.

 

Gov, Mount will be the chairman of the Indiana
Republican State Convention, which meeta on April
2). Mayor Tag@art of Indianapolis is being sup-
ported tur chairinan of the Democratic Nattonal Con-
vention by many of his Hooslerfrlends. ‘The polltt-
oa) importance of Indiana has by bo means departed,

Two contracts for $15,146 and $49,702, respec
Uvely, have been entered into by the elty for bound
books required by the courts and the city departments,
The bidders were rivals; the sureties on both con
tracts aie the same |

The second letting of the Chicago contracts for
sireet Improvements for 1900 involves work estimated
to cost $520,000, When they are let there will be
$2,310,000 worth of wor! contracted for In dsvu
the oust of the work done was $1,470,000. The |
streets under contract aggregate seventy eight miles

The Harlem Local Heporter says that the men
who, pretending to be friends Of Col. Bryan, are try
{n@ to stab him in the back, are skating on thin tee.”

Theappropriation made by this year's New York
Legislature for next year's expenses includes $249,-
OVO for the State Department of Agriculture and
$58,000 for the State Banking Department. The
Department of Indian Affairs gets $4,500 and the
Quarantine Commission $7,500.

Eaoh member of the Republican National Commit |
fee will receive twenty five tickets engraved) tothe |
Republican National Convention at Philadelphia and
in all 50,000 tickets will be Issued, 4,000 being held
by the Mayor of Philadelphia for local distribution.

Henry J. Coggeshall was the ‘'Father of the Senate”
and P. Henry Roche ‘the Father of the House” of
the recent New York Legislature.

The determination of the aciual amount of the
funded debt of the city of New York still remains un-
settled, owing to legal complications which it appears |
to be impracticable to bring toa conclusion. The |
city of New York became a municipality, under the
present Charter, on Jan, 1 1808 butin February,1000, |
the Comptroller, in making his offictal report of the
city's obligations at that time, Included in ts the fol- |
lowing items: “Bonds which have not yet been ap- |
proved as to legality (Including $319,000 held by the |
sinking fund of Long Island City for the redemption |
of revenue bonds), $565,000," and “proportion of |
bonds of the county of Queens, outstanding Dee, 51,
1899, imposed upon the efty of New York by the
judgment of the Supreme Court, Third department,
now under appeal, lessdeduction of $20,300 in valua-
tion in Flushing, $3,810,227."

At the general election of November, 1808, the Pro-
Libition party polled in the Missour! district so long
represented by Richard P, Bland tn Congress 285 |
yotes. In the special election held in the month
of August, 1899, to fill the vacancy caused by the
death of Mr. Bland, the Prohibition vote was 790,
The Democrats carried the district in both elections

There ts a State election to be held in Nebraska
this year for (he choles of aGovernor, Lieutenant Gov-
ernor, Secretary of State, Comptroller, Auditor, State
Treasurer and Attorney-General, and the Populists
of Nebraska have decided to hold their State conven-
Won on June li for the nomination of candidates for |
all State offices. The Populists of Nebraska have |
been solong in affilation with the Democrats and the |
Silverite Republicans that they have forfelted thelr |
political {dentity, but in the national election of 1892 |

| the Populist party in that State polled 83,000 votes to

120,000,000 marks In gold are |

87,000 Republican and 25,000 Democratic v tes, the
Prohibition vote, since then absorbed by the other
parties, being 5,000,

New York, Chicago and Baltimore have now
Demoeratic, and St, Louts, Boston and Omaha Re-
publican Mayors. The Democratic Mayor of Chicago,
Carter Harrison, has gained a record in connection
with his duties of presiding over City Council meet-
ings. He has never missed a regular meeting since
hisineumbency began; and his friends declare that
he always starts them exactly on time,

 

 

The four original Bryan States in the Democratic
National Convention of 1896 which cast their
votes for Bryan on the first and each of the suo
ceeding baliots were Georgia, Louisiana, Nebraska
and North Carolina, On the second ballot Bryan re-
ceived, besides, the vote of Mich'gan, South Carolina
and Mississippi, and on the third ballot a majority of
the votes of California and Oregon, The strength
of the Bryan column this year comes from the same
States substantially, with increased popularity in the
Southwest, in the three States of Texas, Arkansas and
Missourt, which voted solidly for the law K.P. Bland
in Chicago. Mr. Bland was a resident of Missourl
and a favorite among Democrats of the Southwestern
States.

 

 

Luzerne county, Pa., bas an area of 920 miles and
had by the censusof 1890 a larger population than
any Pennsylvania county with the exception of Phila-
delphia andof Allegheny, which includes the city of
Pittsburg. Adjoining Luzerne ts Schuylkill county,
with an area of 820 miles and 4 population by the
last Federa) census which put it fourth among the
counties of the State and next after Luzerne, the chief
town of which {s Wilkes Barre, while the chief town of
Schuylkill 1s Pottsville. There |s now 4 movement on
foot for the erection of a new county out of parts of
Luzerne and Scbuylitli counties, and itis said thats
the canditates for legislative nominations will be re
quired in advance to pledge themselves to the further-
ance of the movement, ‘The reason given for this de- |
sire for anew county is thatthe journey from Hazie- |
ton to Wilkes Barre {s inconvenient to persons baving |

lega! businessin the latter, Hazieton ts the prospeo-
tive county seat of the new county.

 

The total vote tn the Flectoral College will be the
eame this yearas i} was in 1896, when McKinley re
celved 271 electoral votes and Bryan 176, These
States, whose electoral votes were given to McKinley,
Delaware, Indiana, Kentucyy, Maryland and West
Virginia, are said to be more likely to favor than to
be against Bryan this year. Hut if these five
States should give Bryan their electoral votes and
he should lose none of the States that he carried tn
1896 he would have only 200 electoral votes, the Re-
publican leaders say, against 227 for McKinley
The Republicans expect to get the 1 vote given for
Bryanin California and the 1 vote for Bim In Ken-
tucky, besides the 10 of Kansas, the 8 of Nebras-
ka, the 4 of South Dakota and the 4 of Wash
ington, 26inall., If Bryan should get the 44 votes of
Delaware, Indiana, Kentucky, Maryland and West
Virginia, he would have a net gain of only 13 votes,

The Second or mountain district of Tennessee is
strongly Republican and tis present Representative, a
Knoxville man, Henry F. Gibson, Republican, has
sent to his constituents a detailed record of bis Con-
gressional services. Ife has put through 883 war
claims, amounting to more than $1,200,000, and 65
special pension bills; he has had 41 men commts-
stoned as oMcersin the army, 29 men appointed as
Postmasters, and 74 new Post Offices established, he
has sentout 29,000 packages of seeds and 67,000
pamphiets and books and 167,000 copies of bis own
speeches; he wrote 47,000 letters. Hesays that he
was ‘more regular in attending the sesstons of Con
fress" and “gave more of his time to the business of
the people and spent lessof it in pleasure and idle
ness’ than anybody else, but such fidelity to duty fs
expected of a Tennessee Republican for whom 14,000
votes are cast against 7,000 for bis competitor

The Demorrats of Florida are to held their State
Convention in the elty of Jacksonville on June 1a

for the nomination of candidates for sundry State
offices, the term of which offices is four years
with the excention of the Attorney General t
the State who serves for two years ¢ ov |
eriior of Florida receives a salary of $5.5 ithe |
Lieutenant-Gover reeeives § }
vantage Which Democratic candidates f ut five
In Florida enjoy ! he fact that a nomination
equivalent to au electior \t the last ¢ t |
| Penineular State the Democratle vole w j
1 and the Repuolican tote In the Pr |
election of 1406 Bryan not only ca } the Stat yf
a plurality of ue twiee as great as Mei |
vote, buthe had a plurality tu every eof the ¢
tles of Viorida as well, notwithstanding the su t
' of the McKinley ticket by inany I fla Demoerat |
Aformer Attorney General has withdrawn ¢ he
Govere the Senatorial race in Texas
present trovernor has withdraw the Attor |
Genecal’s favor in the Senatora cein Arkaneas

Will Keep Hotel Like sheldon. |

From the Columdus Dispatch

 

WESTERVILLE, Ohio, April il.--Simeon Chap
man, proprietor of the Hotel Holmes, authorizes the |
statement that ihe Kev KR. FE. brhart. (lagsville, Pa

who has been a guest at the Holmes Hotel for
eral days past, will tale charge of the hotel during |
next week and rua tt as Sheidon would run it

sey |

 

Those Who Do Not Read * The San"

are not competent advisers as to the merits |
ofthe paper. Those who real itand advertiae
in it will confirm its established reputation for
being the best newspuper.as weil! as the leading
ecvertieing medium fos reliable olferings. |
-,

  
  

| hearts therefore bas @ chance to get his money back

Lash that the player bad takca ia

   
 

 

 

FOR CARD PLAYERS,

ICKEY FINN AND THE POEKTS,

 

 

SCHOOL

 

 

He Makes His Father Acquainted With the
Work of Forgotten Genius,

Cribbage, S. KB, asks for the correct peeging
in the following play: ‘The points are wiven as they

arise, =A starts with a seven, which I pairs, pemeing | ital J

two holes A makes the pair royal with anovher That's a quare trodo intirely, Mickey,” aald
seven, SIX hules 16 pPlavs the fourth seven, Ane Pip ta hie ac J 7

mre twelve, A saya "Go." Second round, A playa Mr, Finn to his son as thoy sat in the kitchen
a five, and the same thing ocears, each player having ona recent cold April nght. “I mane thas

two fives, and IS pegying for last ecard,

trade of po'tcy writin’, Is there anny money ig
Ihis gives A twelve boles and B thirty

it, dunno?’
“Well, father,” replied the boy, ‘there is ond

J.D. saya: After laying out for the erth and play- | : ; ’
' That he there isn’t, You see, thore's three kinds o°

Ine two ecards, A discovers that te sll bas three cards

left tn his hand. What she dd be done? po'try, Thero's po'try, and verse, ond
1S pegs two holes for penalty and cas the privilege pheme, Now, rhyme you'll find jo vale
of calling for a fresh deal or of letting the deal stand Qneineg: gometimes, not very often, you'll

and drawing one of A's cards, face down, which be

may look at befure returning w the pack. {see verse in the  evenin' papers, ond

po'try-now ond thin you'll find a little of

itin books with the backs torn off tn seconde

hond book stores, Valentine po'try pays the

best bekasea they give a picture wid every
| verse, Poets, that is, the rael articie, get no
pay, They write as the cat bird sings. Thep
can't help themselves, They must get rido’
the great ideas in thelr heads or they'd buss
like asteam boller, I'm sorry to say there are
no rale,great poeta, allve to-day. The last o?
thim died the other day, Tace by the papers,”

“Who was he, Mickey?” sald bis father,

“He was called the Poet o’ the Lakes, He
lived at Killarney, His name was Kilmartin,
He was a poet o’ passion like Wileoz, Waa
time he wrote a bootiful pome called ‘My Lade
die’sa Blue Eyes.’”

“Do you know anny of It, Mickey?”

“On'y two lines;” and tho boy recited theme

My laddie's blue eyes, my laddle's blus eyes,

Are as bright as the mornin’, as blue as the skiea

“There's plinty o’ blue in that, Mickey.”

“Yis, there's always plinty o’ blue, or red, or
green in thim passionate pomes, But ‘tis o
shame, father, that all the great poets are dyin’
off. How-ond-iver, they have left their work

Backgammon, W. PD. L. says When be has
a!i his men home but one, A throws siative. If he
plays the wi he cannot play the live, and if he plays
the five he cannot play the Six. A says he can take
his chotee, but B bets he must play the higher dle.

When only one of the two numbers thrown can be
played, It is the rule that the player muat select the
larger Humber if itcan be played

Five-handed Euchre. F. DD. gays: Mearts being
trumps, A calls for the ace of clubs for a partner,
having the ting In his own hand. He takes ail the
tricks himself, the club ace not being In play, Does
he acore five or seven’

When a player calls on an ace, it is an admission
that he wants a partner, and if he has bid five, he
can make five only. When this game is properly
Played the holder of the called ace announces It, 80 |
that every one shall know who is the dealer's partner,
ifany., There are quite a number of ways of scoring
this game, depending on whether or not the bidder
1s allowed to take the widow, The bidder of three
tricks takes one partner; the bidder of four or five
takes two partners If he takes the widow, but no
partners, he may bidelght If he takes neither widow
not partners he may bid Afteen. If one partner only
{3 allowed, and that one determined by calling on
the ace, which ts the Australian game, the player
cannot make more than he bids, no matter what he

 

makes behind them, as Murphy said when he dropped
Te i ices aa ts the bricks half wav up the ladder when the
diamond. Yo rlaest hand, made it hearts, although bell rang, Even when thelr names are fore

he had none'in his hand A insist that Y must | gotten thelr immortal words will go. rollin’
Aare in bis hand at least one trump in order © make | gown the sidewalks o’ time, as they say in the
; Classics,”

“What dis'ase
Mickey?”

“Afewo'thim dle o’ hunger, thim that wont
work, ond manny o' thim o’ dhrink. There's ne
man mune enough to refuse a poeta dhrinks.
Whisky and po’try go hond in hond,”

“Well, I'd like to see some o' thim grate
Ppomes yo're talkin’ about, Mickey, What are
they like?”

“Did you {ver hear that celebrated historical
pome called ‘The Horse Backed Of the Dump,®

There ts nothing In the laws of euchre which says
What a player must have in his hand when he makes
the trump. Suppose he named a sult by mistake,
having none of {t In his hand and the adversaries
having both bowers and the ace, would they object?

kills most o’' the poeta,

Dominoes. W. M. asks tf @ player can draw to
fill a sult while he can stl play without drawing, or
can go on drawing after he has got one of the sult.

A player may draw while still able to play, and
forne consider {tan advantage to draw under certain
conditions, especially if they think they can draw a
particular bone.

Euchra U. J. Bo asks Jf ft te compulsory for | father?”
the called ace to be played at the first opportunity. “Faith, I did not thin me lad. What ts it
While not compulsory, t {8 usually the best play, | )jke?’’

becalse the player calling the ace either bas a losing oe
card of that silt or has none of !t and wants to dis-
card something else, perhaps 4 singleton of another
oult

Tis very touching, father. You must know,
thin, thataman named farrett was workin
in the Street Cleanin’ Department, ond wan
day the poor man dumped his horse ond_ cart
ond himseif into the river at the foot o’ Canal
street, Wano'thim unknown min o° ja on
heard o' the accident and he wrote anode abou
'T was like this:

There was & man ina street hard by
And Barrett was his name.

He was the owner of an auld ash ca-art,
And a horse that was lazy ond lame.

He had a daughter Julia,
A maid that was fair ond plump,

But she's not At to go to a dog fight now,
Since the horse backed off the dump,"*

.Begorra, that’s fine,” exclaimed Mr, Fins.
“Oud who did you say wrote that?”
“T didn't sav, father, I'd like to know me

Hearta FL A. S. aska If a player who takes
{n all thirteen hearts can play for them again without |
paying any forfett? it.

When thirteen hearts are taken by one player i*
ia & jack, and no one draws anything out of the pool
unless they are playing according to Howell's aet-
tiing. ‘The player who has Just paid for the thirteen

on the next deal,

 

Pitch, W. G B, says: In a three-handed game
A and B both want two to go out, A bide two and
gs the pitch, making low game to B's high jack.

 

3 says his points go out Arat. A aye he wins be- | gelf. ‘He is only remembered by what he has
cause be was the bidder, eung,’ as the dago poet Denunzyo aaid when he
A ts right killed ne Cans. ut talkin’ about paceess
poets, father, I suppose you never heard any

Pedro. H. P. P. P. will find the foregoing anewer | wan say he knew the man that wrote that

wonderful classical composition called ‘The
Man That Made the Gas,’ did you?”

“Faith I did not, thin, Mickey. Sure I neve:
heard o' the pome, |'ave alone the man tha
wroteit. You see, me lad, I niver saw a poet
in me life.”

“I'm sorry to hear that you don't know w'
he ja, father, for hia name ought to be print
In the papers beside the name o' the man that
wrote the pome about the hoe, He ought

applies equally well to hia question tn pedro, “bidder
goes out.”
Pinochia A. H. says: A_ bets that after having

melded 150 trumps, spades, B cannot use the queen
to meld a pinochle

Als wrong. The two melds are tn different clases,
and the same ecard may be used In both The spade
queen might even be used a third time te make aizty

 

 

queens. to have credit forso fine a pleceo' work, He
- should have his place on the laddero’ fame.
W. W. B. says: A has melded eighty kings and | "lis @ story in verse, father. It goes like
eizty queens, but has not announced any marriages. | this:
He has a fifth queenitn his hand. Can he marry it
to the king on the table? Oh, Usten, while I sing you a song,

It's meself is the darlint child,

If the king has not been used in @ previous marriage Wid me brogue ond tongue it shall be done,

 

be can. wh a” rae atts Irish style. De 4
nJ left the town o' swate Doneralle,
G. G. says: A and B att down to play pinochle, Wid a d'aler I cume across,

B wins the first game and takes the money. In the
first deal of the second game It ts discovered that |
pack ts two cards short. A eays the Orst game
vold. Hi tnsists 1t stands good.

It is the untversal rule tn all card games that ff the
pack is discovered to be lmperfect all previous deals
and scores made with that pack atilistand good This
is because it Is impossible to say when the pack be-
came imperfect, and if the discovery of an imperfect
pack were allowed to invalidate previous scores it
would be @ very easy matter for a dishonest player
to make a pack Imperfect when things were against
him.

B's aide ts DiS in a four handed game. A melee Binee 1} armed Bow to mabe tee Gas,
120 and B melds 90. It is B's lead and he plays ous } “Usha, but that’s no'try tomy taste, Mickey,”
the ace of trumps, and says, “That's game.’ says eaid Mr. Fnn. “There's no nonsince about

he must take another trick | bustin’ hearts in that. There's ne’era word
What for? Bb has melded enough to put him out | thata man couldn't underatond. It makes me

if he can win the one trick which the rules require | bunyry to hear thim swate words,” But I'm

For to sell an auld cow, but I'm foreman now
n the place where they makes the gas.

CBorus—Wid m* Carolina bat, and me yeller eordw
roys,
The people all shout as I pass:
There goes Jerry Hoollhan! He's the head
foreman
In the place where they makes the gas.

1 was down, och hone! to skin and bone,
Wohin |} lett sweet Doneratle,

The only mate 1 had for to ate
Was spuds, ond Indian male.

But look at me nuw' I'm as fat a8 @ Sow,
Ora bull turned out to grass

Three times a day | get corn bafe and tay

PARE? LO DEAF ;
to make the meld good. He has won {tand calls game, seers’ 4 Heid Spa trath, leieer oe it
and that ends it.

 

A, not baving won a trick, loses | among tne missin’. The Farmer Poeto’ Long

all his meld. Island niver wrote annything halfso musical
Notice the rime-'Doneraile’ and ‘male,’ and

M. & says: In a four-handed game, on the very | @rass'an! ‘gas’ ButT hive another pome in

| me pocket and I'd like to find out the name o°
| the man that wrote ft, Sure these poets get no
money for their work, but they shuld have
what fame they have earned, ‘This pome I'm
speakin’ about is astory of a Yankee gentle-
min who went to Ireland, ond while he was
there he was always emokin’ wan o’ th'm long

last trick A-B call game, ‘\-Z say {t le too late to
Announce it and the cards must be counted.

If either side calls out before they make any at
tempt to count the tricks the game must depend on
that assertion, If it ts correct, they win; if it 1s not
they lose, no matter bow many the other side are, It ; i .

“(GAs 0 atre t. Listen,
fs only when both sides start to count the tricks that | gaa this la the poem Mickey Teclteds ee

{ i

nelther can win tf both have reached 1,000, When Kerry hills were goold wid gorse ond Kerry

kies were blue
Poker FAL. says” In a four-handed game i} he fan
in whieh nature) jacks are made by passing out, C Whin all the land was warm wid light ond wet wid

siraddles 14's blind and all the other players pass | There came actuss tbe herrin’ pond from friendiy

out, <A bets that 4 . A jack, ond mee te a put climes afar
in an amount equal to C's straddle ts thet on YY
account of C's straddle the ante would have been twice A we anbeo Gentemin that meted © lene

that amount. C bets that there ts no Jack and that

the straddle wing B's blind if no one comes in against | ay Queenstown all the barmaide’ bearts he captured
it. inaday
Cis right The blind {9 a compulsory contribution | (Sure whin Ae spoks the Blarney Stone blushed pin

to the pot, but any money put up voluntarily, such as | yy eae ian 'Dingletown, wpen @ jeuntin’
straddle, must be considered as in the form of a bet for :

the purpose of winning the pool, elther by driving out
weak hands or winning more on good ones If the
bilnd ts straddied or the ante ratsed the person making | “Tle well avick, mind (he day, ‘twas pig-fair fn the

oar
Arrived that Yankee sootherer—iikewise bis long
clgaar

the play cannot be deprived of tis results by having town ‘
' the’
the pot turned Into a jack. It must be Inferred, al An Oe ew Pane ee ee er

though such may not actually be the case, that C's
raise was to keep some of the other players out As
the only reason for keeping them out must be to win
what is left in the pool, however amall the amount, ‘
he must win ft, If no one will come tn and play against | From stesmin’ glass an‘ foamin’ mug’rich odors filled

the air,
him for i, It cannot be tmagined for a moment that | while Mistress Murphy's handmalds all wint bust
the object of the straddle was to makea Jack of it lin’ here an’ there,
Such a supposition ts absurd. Fe eee welcome sunlight that illumed
In sthrolied that Yankee sootherer behind his long

For all the dacent farmer boys, from Bondon to the

sea,
Were changin’ goolden sovereigns an’ dbrinkia’ “‘Ire-
land free!’

W. T. says: 4 bets 13 that the phrase “I have two ciga-ar
pair’ tscorrect. B bets thahould bel have two pairs.” .
Perhaps A would like to bet that it (s correct to say | T2* ring, upon his hands, avick were shinin’ fate

He chucked “Herself” beneath the chin, an***Thorum
P gue,” says he,
No by tn all the bare . such divilment would dare)
fet, when he asked ber fora kiss, her smile was rocy
rare.

“I have two shoe” or “two patr of shoes.”

H. A G. says In & two-handed game, playtng
cold hands, the dealer announces that he holds tiree
deuces and disearus two cards By mistave he etrves
himself three in the draw. Liscovering Lis error be
fore he looks at the cards, he wants to return one of
them to the pack, and shows his three of a kind to
prove that he wanted two only
'

Then round the bar, from man toman, he swep’ his
forin' eye

“TMs twenty miles I've @hruy,”
your laves, im dhry

says he, “an' dy

 

 

 
  

If the dealer gives Rimself a wrone number of cards | So Join me, boys, in wiatsor'er vour favorite liquers
emoust ake them. What a man sayain p r are P
| he most take ’ ; ‘ ya in poker dora We joined that Yankee gentiemin that smoked the
i not count His actions speak for themiseiy ea iong clga at
Ww. H. S. sa Ina five handed eanie there le onty | le ra ea (he cogetn to bis lips-"tras Oiled with fine
one raise, which! ' ' lhe ed hand ia |, » ’ ; ” p
a da Ay “good and throw thetr An’ here's your lovels land,” Says he, ‘that alwaye
t ‘ " é ‘ ne y Bre ve
: Pe \ ( so a rt le ists van Ad’ heres your bea uteous women (here he gave ‘Here
. 4 f ‘
s lone th sadn 1, See WIE '
ie tend ii icy nee ee od | an’ here's os glorlous whisky!” It was here he
yped todurink
A e hand ‘ t be shown to the board es
eiethin’ : ut ne het | He owned us from that miaute forth, ond then began,
A night woo eliee I'd never seen nor hope again te
J. Z le aay \ beta that bs opened & jac pot ser
with ts . t de hie li esrd a if ue | We asved for friend® by thousands im the lend of
were wile | S ripe or tar
Ifa player t rwed i ) 8, Itinnoone’s | He hurw Uiem ALL! that sootherer that smoked the
' s { i 8 itting | » eee -
openers de r \ tovether or the | Thesunroc over Maugerton, {§ beamed on Bonty ,
open (eve we ! vec protect | Ia . . ” ‘etn’
The s ne down on Dingletown—that Yankee?
f v ew and hefor et has sintied te se w
| beets made, Auasks (he deater, D, how many cards A | Then it another long ciga ar and started for Tralee.»
ns The dealer says he ts bot wed to answer
1 utr 88 . VYetstol (ebink, avick machree, when summer ware to
The dealer is tight AS id have pald attention th en 9 re
the ¢
to the came and heard how many Wasked for Ifthe | That sweetly spoken furriner will surely come ag.
dealer were allowed toanswer he micht have forgotten | And still wet a In rare potheen, round web
rohy's bar -
or be raistaken and might, quite unintentionally, give | Prat sootherin’ Yankee gentiemin that smoked %m-
Wrong {nformation. long ciga-ar , but
—— y the
. : - = trade
. it would appear that a dead mana hand His Order. La
fs aces and eights The term arose from the experi From the Chicago Blade.
ence ofa Chlago player who drew W this combination

“What else hove you got?’ asked Choily,
looking lanvuldiy over the hilloffare for somes
thine to tempt his ja ed appetite.

“Well,” repiled the waltress, “we bave bos
biscuits, too.’

“That'll do,” said Cholly, resting hig {otele
lect by teasing the bil ot tare’ usite: Pielag
gue a hot biscuit stew.” :

for sixteen years @lthoutimproving. TU pon one occa
sion he flied, and the shock was too much for him
It ‘as only after he was embalmed that the under-
taker succeeded in getting the cards out of his hand,
and he did not observe whether (t was an ace or an

|
|

eee