me. ee cee Pee ee

a |
a

See ee ee

QUESTIONS OF RELIGION.

DISCUSSIONS UPON THEMES OF SPE-
CIAL CONTEMPORARY INTEREST,

A Common Religious Piatform Proposed,

To tak Eptrorn or Tue Sun—Sir: Now I
take no crodit to myself that I have never
found the least diMeulty in bolleving every In-
eident recorded tn tho Bible. When a man
gays that the sun (that fs, the earth) never
stood still, my thought ia: It is inconceivable
that He who atarted the earth on ita revolu-
tions could not stop it for a certain time, If He
chose sotodo. True, such stoppage, accord-
{ng to natural laws, would bring about the in-
stant destruction of all things, but cannot He
who made those laws suspend them at will?

As to the Virgin birth, thera {s nothing
aboutit more miraculous than conception ac-
cording to natural laws. One is no stronger
proof of supernatural control than the other.

No man in these times could spend several
days and nights in a whale’s belly and live, but
if God chose to suspend the laws of respiration,
would it be halfso wonderful as hundreds of
things that are going on around us this very
hour?

It issaidalaw with an exception ceases to
bea law, yet is the suspension of a law more
{ncomprehensibie than its original creation?
Was there anything In the essence of the
ancient miracles different from that which ts
taking place continually around, above and
below us?

There are a good many things, however.
which the human mind cannot grasp, such as
Frerolty, a First Cause, &c. Then, too, feeling
assured that I am a free moral agent, I cannot
logically separate foreknowledge from predea-
tination. If God knows, as Iam sure Hea does,
that on a certain day and at a certaln hour I
ehall die, then I must die at that time or He
would not know !t. None tho less, nothing can
shake my conviction of my moral free agency
and of my accountability for all my thoughts
and acts,

I belleve with Dr. Minot Savagoa that we ara
onthe edge of discoveries that will clear up
the mystery of a future life—that the proof of
such future life willbe discovered as unques-
tioningly as Ainerica was discovered by Chris-
topher Columbus, Nothing can destroy my
belief in immortality, but I long for the
rolentifie proof of auch future existence. Most
ot the so-called proofs are aimply the yearn.
ings of the human soul. Thus far the strong-
est evidence that has come to meta thts simple
Incident, and there have been many almilar:
Two little girls who were playmates and he-
longed to different famiifos lay dying of the
game disease, One passed away before the
other, and through fear that knowledge of
this might injure the survivor, the trath was
carefully kept from her. But she, too, ap-
proached death. In her Jast moments she told
those gathered about her bedsidethat she
saw a number of relatives who hat passed
{ntothe other land, and she called them by
name, Suddenly, with an expression of aur-
prise, she sald: “Why, papa, I «ee Jennie; why
didn’t you tell mea she was dead?” Is there
more than one possible explanation of this
impressive tneident?

But let us dismiss all the trying, vexatious
andunsolvable questions whose discussion can
bring us no benefit, and see whether there fa
not a platform broad, secure and actentific
enough to permit us all to stand upon it. I
offer the following:

First—We exist.

Second— We were crea'ed or we could not
@x iat.

Third—We muat have had a Creator.

Fourth—That Creator la inflnitain power.

Fifth—The teachings of the Baviour of man-
kind form an absolutely perfect moral code, as
has been proved by actual test,

Sixth—Let ua follow, so farasis humanly pos-
sible, the code formulated by the Saviour

Seventh—If this code Is an error, wa can lose
nothing: if it is truth. we shall gain every-
thing. He who rejects that code cannot possibly
gain anything by so doling, and he may lose
everything. Common sense, therefore, tells us
tonceapt it, and that inward guide, which we
call conscience, adds ita voleo

Fighth-Thea limitations of the finite mind
make it impossible for ua thoroughly and abso-
lutely to understand anything, such as light
color, motion, eleetricity, Ife, death, the flve
senses, kc. Let ustherefore, abandon the at-
tempt to solve the unknowable and he content
to await the time when everything shall he
mate clear.

Ninth—Let the sejentiste, the scholars, the
theologians, the disputantsand doubters wran-
gie over points that are not really essential to
the saving of the soul; we will not vex ourselves
withthem, but plant our feet upon this rock
from which nothing can move us,

Tenth—Charity and love for all; truth, sober-
néassandright living: helpfulness to those in
trouble; honeaty and truthfulness; feeding the
hungry, clothing the naked—in short, a faith-
fol obedienco in letter and spirit to all that
Jesus commanded, and unto us all will come
the sweet, unshakable conselousnesa that it
shall be well with us in this life and inthe life
to come BF. 8. E

West Pornt, N, ¥., April

(Prof. Henebry Replies to Mr. Oakes,

To THe Eprrorn or THR SuN-Sir:
course of debate between Mr. Oakes and
myself tends to become curvilinear, If not
actually zig-zag. To keep it on the metals,
therefore, lam obliged to have recourse to @
tedions system of recapitulation.

He had said: “No one can read O'Curry's
*Manners and Customs of the Ancient Irish,’
Wood-Martin’s ‘Pagan Treland,’ and) Rhys's
*Celtie Heathendom,’ and doubt that all which
goes tomake up the freedom, the happtness,
the honor and well-being of womankind waa
more assured tothe pagan Irish woman than
allthe Church of Rome has ever given her,”
That statement Trebutted bluntivas erroneous
and misleading. Vassing over the indefinite.
ness of citation, I addressed myself to a
geheral criticism of the authorities them-
selves as being the only material offered me
forthe purpose, [ eaid (THe sun, March 25): “IT
have looked into Prof. O’Curry’s works, and [
am fairly familiar with the materials from
which they are drawn, and in neither did I
discover anything that would go to sustain Mr
Onkes’s thesis.’ He replies (Tne Sus, April 1):
“O'Curry being @ good Roman Catholic, the
Professor says he looked into but failed to tind
anything which would sustain my thesis,’
The clause, “being a good Roman Catholic,’
conveys a wholly unwarranted imputation that
my poor efforts in the domain of seientille
research are hampered by bigotted
siderations of relixious propriety, So much ts
the contrary the fact that Loherish the fondest
and tenderest regards for my well-beloved
non-Catholic masters in Keltics: to wit, Stra-
chan of Manchester,a Banffshire Presbyterian;
Thurneysen of Freiburg, a Calvinist from
Basle, and Zimmer of Greifswald, a Prussian
Lutheran. To them, after my father, I owe
whatever modicum of deftness I may possess
in that scienoe, if 1 excopt the slighter influ-
ences duce to shorter personal contact with
Pedersen, a Danish Lutheran of Copenhagen,
and Ascoli, a Jew in Milan. He continues:
“Ho evidently overlooked page 170, Vol. 1,
where it is sald that the rights of a daughter to
inherit lands, which the Church until recent
times denied her, were established in the case
of Brig Ambui, duughter of Senchad, and she
pleaded the cause of woman's rights, thus
ranking by many centuries her worthy pagan
qister, Susan B. Anthony.” While disclalming
wil knowledg» of the personal identity of Susan
in Anthony, I venture to reply:
buf irst—The volume in question is not the work
me O’Curry atall, but merely an introduction
theled later by Prof. Sullivan of the Queen's
andlese, Cork. The titie page reads: “On the

\ the ners and Customs of tne Ancient Irish
\ * * by Eugone O’Curry, M. R. 1. A., edited
with an Introduction and Appendixes, Ete, by

W.K. Sulllvan, Ph.D. Vol. 1. Introduction.”
Prof. Sullivan was not a Keltist in the same
sense that O'Curry was, and his authority
Must be discounted aceordingly.

Second—The assertion,’ “the rights of a daugh-
ter to inherit lands, whieh the Church until re-
Gent times denied her, were established in the

The

econ.

 

|

oase of Brig Ambul, daughter of Senchad,”

presenta to us the spectacle of Brig Ambul’ | he advanced the astounding doctrine of the

struggling for her rights against the tyranny
ofa wicked and domineering Church, presum-
ably “the Churoh of Rome.” Now, all refer-
ences to auch a personage as Brig Ambul
are mythological, not historical. She ie
simply a character out of the
elder cycle of hero tales and belongs to
a period which Is variously placed in the firat,

second or third century B.C. by native annal- |

fete, From the fact that Welsh tales contain
some of the same characters and incidents,
modern scholars would refor the whole mytho-
lowical mass still further back to the pre-his-
toric epoch tn Koltic unity, The Church began
{te history in Ireland some time during the
course of the fourth century A, D., and obvi-
ously had not come into oxtstence until long
after the era of Cuchulain, Conchobar and the
other contemporaries of Brig Ambui, Mr.
Oakes, therefore, has transferred that portion
of his argument to a transcendental plane,
whore I, at least, may frankly plead Inability to
follow him,

I had sald: “The ‘Lex Innocentinm' freed
women from the duty of milltary service, (Ree
Reeves’s,”Adamnan,” p.176,,.ote.)" He replies:
“But itis added, ‘her inheritance was subject
to ataxtotho fing in payment for the military
and other services attached to Jands which
could not be filled by a woman,’ This disposes
of the professor's assertion that the Church of
Rome freed the women of Ireland for military
duty, unless, indeed, it frat imposed it upon
them.” The citation given by me refers to an
{rrefragable ancient historica! document, while
Mr. Oakes’s quotation from Sullivan {8 an ex-
tract from the Brehon laws dating froma far
later perfod, and plainly proclaims itself a
Christian enactment, subsequent to the “Lex
Innocentiam,” in full accord with the tenor of
that old law. and standing to it {in the relation
ofa corollary. Those things arrange them-
selves naturally when viewed {fn thelr proper
historical perspective,

Ihad congratulated myself that mv pagan
ancestors had no petticoat deities, Mr, Oakes
says: “Further reference could be made to the
innumerable Irish goddesses with whose ex-
ploita all Celtic literature ts flied.” A& a mat.
ter of fact, there are no such, In this affair one
must distinguish between deities and falries,
The latter, probably an inharitance derived
from a non-Indo-European race, were merely
of a kind with the forest. water and rock-
sprites of the old Germans, One must
also distinguish between pure and mixed
Keltie records, The appearance, for inatance,
of a female seer onp. 55, “Lebor na Huldri”
predicting a disastrous ending for
Queen Medb's celebrated foray, together
with all such instances of the exercise of such
oMfces by women, !s ascribed with certainty by
Dr. Zimmer to Germanic influence, The
“Lebor na Huidri” isacompilation of the end of
the eleventh century, and shows, besides, other
important traces of Scandinavian and Teutonic
customs (Vorleaungen, summer semester,
Greifawald, 1898), Indeed, in presences of the
testimonies of Cesar and Tacitus, no other
construction is admissible, And Dr, Zimmer
is the only man living who ja @ thorough
master of the Sauskrit, Germanic and Keltic
syatems of efvilization,

1 olted the definitive authority of tha Revue
Celtique as proof that Col, Woed-Maurtin was
nolinguist. Mr. Oakes replies: “He supports
his assertion by a Freneh quotation from the
Revue Celtique, But as noone has claimed for
him authority in Celtic languages the demoll-
tion is unnecessary.” To which I rejoin that
as all the materials toa judgment in the case
are written in a Koltic dialect, it puzzies meto
think where bis inspiration could come from
otherwise. As to the French quotation, L
hasten to give assurance that the Revue
Celtigue is quite a respectable journal which has
been appearing regularly in Paris these thirty
years. That England has even yet nothing to

|
|

compare with it is proof that that nation is aa |

backward in educational matters as
events have shown it to be in other resources
of civilization.
noted living Celtic seholar.” Of those that
speak English, Dr. Whitley Stokea ta by far
the most noted, and has been for nigh on fifty
years, I will not spuak of Strachan and Meyer,
nor those on the Continent.

I had sald that the Chureh provided nun-
neries as an effectual remedy for that “sexual
slavery” against which Mr. Oakes so stren-
uously protests. He answers, “If we may be-
lieve Fosbrooke’s ‘british Monachism’ thes
proved a most ineffectual protection.’ I would
ask him to withhold credence from Fosbrooke.
Ile was a Protestant clergyman, writing with
the intent and motives of a partisan, in the
year of grace 1817 (and a bad year it was for
aclentiNe books), upon monasticism or ecell-
bacy, the raal crux and essential bone of con-
tention between Protestants and Cath-
olies since the beginning And he did

recent |

Prof. Rhys 1s called “the most |

what anybody would have dono under the |

whole circumstances, viz.; raked the com-
plete annals and chronicles of Engian! for
noisome things and made his book. He sub-
jocted Irish records to preseure for the same
end in four or five pages, but there was no
yield, Now he, and Mr. Oakes with him, are in
errorin bulking Irish religious houses under
the heading “British.” The temperament of
the two peoples and the ecclesiastical history re+
sulting from each were distinct and separate,
The English, like the Spanish and the ancient
natives of Mexico, were pleased to view
thelr religion in @ luril light, and

cheer. |

fully burned and disemboweilled each other |

for tha love of God. The Irish never
that. It was also wrong thus to confuse tha
separate regards of two nations in the article
of personal purity, one of which accepted the
sixteenth century Protestant Reformation and
the other rejectod it. The book is, therefore,
vicious on everv count. Itlea sample of that
gross load of matter which people have long
diseoverad with dismay to be absolutely worth-
lesa,
workers, Compare Feusey's “Monasticism,”
London, 1898, the latest book on
subject by a Protestant writer, in order to de-
termine how far we have drifted from the good
old standards of 1817,

The system of currency whereofa cumal was
the unit of value was abolished by Christianity.
The word cumul continued in use, but it merely
meant “three cows.”
terbuch” in voc, The extract
“Couneila” (Vol, 1, p. 471
from the notorious Gerald Barry's “Expugnatio
THiberni{a.’
lutely beneath notice. See the “Cambrensis
Eversus” of Gratianus Lucius, second edition,

Dublin, 1848.
I had said, ‘Two civilizations with the differ-

entiating econcomitants attaching to each must
be kept sedulously apart. The first is old Kel-
tle olvilization * * © both im Pagan and
Christan times, * * * * The second is
modern Teutonic civilization * * * Mr.
Oakes answers, “Again Prof. Henebry assures
me that Lam induwing ‘in an entirely silly pro-
ceeding’ in drawing aparallel between a nao.
ple before and after they have changed their
religious cultus’, yet that is what Cardinal Cith-
bona, the ploneer of thia discussion, has heen
doing.” No; two civilizations were the mem-
bers of my division.

I sald, “Prof. Rhys {8 an authority, but a
very dangerous one foran ignorant man. He
is also specially objectionable as an {ndefati-
gablo theorist.” Six linea furtheron I wrote,
“IT would advise Mr. Oakea to use auch au-
thorities with very great eantion: Rhys Is ex-
actly the sort of a man that would lead him
Intoa bow” Mr. Oakes putsit: ‘The Catholia
professor assures me that ‘for an ignorant
man, Rhys is a most dangerous authority, ex-
actly the man to lead your correspondent Into
abog.” Isubmit that from my wording it was
at least open to reasonable doubt whether the
term ‘‘an ignorant man” was intended to refer
to Mr. Oakes in that part of my letter.

Ricaarp Henreany, Ph.D,
Profeasor of Keltic Literature, Catholic Unt.
versity,

Wasurvoton, April 5.

The Doctrine of Christ Clear and Simple,

To tas Epttorn or Tus Sun—Sir: I have
waited for some one versed in theolowy and
philosophy (charlatanriea I despise) to anewer
that portion of the reported sermon of Father

rea

from Wilkina’s

j
It is not work, tut rather a hindranes to |

the same |
| arightin the world

' |
Asan authority, that work is abso- |

did |

 

‘ . | butthe clerk and the villetn,
Windiseh’s “Wor. |
; In order to prepare
iamnerclya quotation |

_—-———— = ——————

Pardow, professor of philosophy, &c., ia which
Catholic Church, “that it was against reaton”
tolet every one pick out his religion “from a
book which cannot explain itself aud which is
often very hard to understand ;” therefore it is
necessary to have a tencher and forbid the
reading of the Bible. This very form of doc.
trine was foreseen and forestalled by Christ
Himself. He saw, even when atilla child, how
the priests, the Pharisees and Sadducees had
confounded and corrupted the simple lawa of
Moses, and he knew other and = more
subtle men would succeed them in the
same course; therefore to guard us against
the repetition of similar corruptions and
abuses he cautioned His disciples that
many false prophets would arise in Lis name,
The term prophet meant not merely one who

prophesied, but also those who taught.a prophet |

being In those days the narrator of past,
the historian of present, and the predictor of
future events; a man gifted with amind capa-
ble of more advanced reasoning and imagina-
tion than his fellowa, Christ, therefore, to
protect nefrom auch men and to defeat thoir
religions’ philosophy, deliberately chose His
disciples from the poorvat and most ignorant
men, thereby cemonstrating to us that to
understand Hia word and His laws very small
mental capacity was needed. Moro than that,
thoroughly to econfoun? these people, He put
His Jaws and doctrines into the simplest and
most concise terms possible, and eventually re-
duced all to two short sentences that any child
can understand and pick out his raligion there-
from without a theological teacher or a philoso-
pher to “explain.” I refer to the admonition:
“A higher commandment I give unto you, that
ye love one another; and again, “As ye would
that meu should doto you do ye also to them
Hkewise.”

If Prof. Pardow needs philosophy, a Pope, a
a priest, @ parson orany other religious coun-
sellorto assist him to understand those words

and to pick out therefrom a safe religion, thank |

God, I don’t, These principles are nascent in
every human being and can only be driven
from us by adverse doctrines and bad example,
Already tho senior of two children of my ac-
quaintanes not vet 3 years old instinctively
observes these Jawa in her behaviour to her
sister, and she ts ignorant as to God, Heaven,
or any theology, has been taught vothing of
the sort, and for some years to come will not
be troubled with such matters. What need ia
there, then, for 80 much theology, 80 much
fearof going wrong in the understanding of
Christ's simple words? what necessity to tack
on this awful /oad of man-made theology and
philosophical argument? None, unless to give
men of subtle minds power of one sort or
another over those of weaker mental ability,
The portion of the Bible I reject fs no portion
of a creed; it 1s merely historical. The doe.
trines of Christ we all accept, but every reason-
ing mind must surely reject thet which has
been Imported into this historical work by
men, doubtless with excessive faith, and per-
haps undera true belief; but, nevertheless, so
apparently erroncous as to need no teaching to
discover the faulta If Christ had thought His
words needed theological interpretation, or a
philosopher to digest them for general con-
aumption, the material for a different set of
disciples was at hand and numberlesa philoso-

phers could readily have been enlisted In the |

work, Dut He directly rejected them and fol-
lowed out the principle, “Out of the mouthe of
babes and suckiings,’ &e. One not versed in
theology ean readily understand what Christ
meant, sald and ordered, without any guide he-
yond a simple understanding of his mother
tongue, GERALD Jackson,
DonGaw Hits, N. Y., April 4.

The Fasence of Monasticism,

To tar Epiror oF Tur Sux With ra-
gard to some of the statements made inthe
controversy now golng on inthe columns of
Tue Sun shout the position of woman in pas
ganism and Christianity, a quotation from a
Protestant authority may be interesting, It is
taken from “An Introduction to the History of
the Chureh of Fng'and,” by Henry 0. Wakes
man, third editon 1897: p. 168 f (London,
third edition, Rivington):

The essence of monastictam Hee tn the consecration
of the monk wholly to the servtce of God
the world tn disciplined life,
compromise {s possible. The world, with a
ditions, its pleasures, {ts honors, tts wealt
Iitely on one side. When the monk enters hia
clotster he bids farewell forever to the world and ded!
entes himself wholly to his vocation. A monk’s bust
therefore, was the serving of God—that was
It is true that,
orders, the service
out in the im

Sir:

apart from

under vows.
ab

ness
what he was a monk for.
ing to the rules of some
of God was to be carried
provement of man, or evenof nature. Study, educa
thon, agriculture, forestry, recommended to
different orders of monks In thetr rules and were
practised by them to the sfgnal advantage of man
ind, but that was not the reason why they ime
mouks
and they wrote !n the seriptortum, taught In the
cloister or dug in the Nelds because by doing so they
could serve God better,

This is why the monastic life has been often called
selfish, Itis sald to be based on the selfish care ofa
man for hisown soul. To say this {9 to misunder
stand the theory of the division of labor in the Catho
Ne Church, Some were called to do the work of God
fn the world, some to do the work of God apart from
the world. All were bound tomether in the spleltual
soclety, and each helped the other in his own voca
thon. The constant Intercession and remembrance
of the monk availed for the of the soldier
and the farmer, as the eword of the = snldler
and the toll f the farmer depended = and
secured the fe and temporal sustenance of the monk.
The monk iecling before the altarin hls ehurch,
Was no more engiged selfishly tn the care of hisown
soul than was Moses on the hill of Rephidim. To

leval falth the spiritual kingdom was fust as

ividareality asthe temporal kingdom, and the sol-

diers of the one Just as Necessary as the soldiers of
ithe

Yet, io the rough, hard daya of the cleventheen-
tury, when Hetsm grew fo be the vivifving
powerofthe Western Chureh, men did undoubtedly
feel the Imp of the task of serving God
In days when the profession of
arms was the only professton of the free born, when
manual labor In the fields still bore upon tt the
stigma of the slave, when eruelty and oppression
and outrage were the habitual accompaniments of
war, which itse!f was the constant occupation of all

aceord

were

bev

1
soul

the
mor

»pssibliity

religious men not un-
w the quiet and peace of the cloi«ter
elr souls fordeath, “In obeying
I have too much neglected God and myself,"
sid Herlwin, the Norian, tu hislord. “Letr
what remains of2 ina monastery.”
, who from { business
were unable to llow the example of Herlwin and
retire from the world themselves, became the founders
of monasteries, in the hope that the perpetual remesn-
brance and Intercession of their grateful children
might avail for the welfare of their race at the bar of
eternal mercy
Baritone, April 7

naturally longed

thts
1 pass
Kings and
noble nily cares

or pressure ¢

Fare Pray,

The Evidences as to Monks and Monasti-
clam,

To Tar Enrron oF Tne Scex—Sir: T have
looked into Fosbrooke’s British Monachism,”
as Mr Oakes directed the readers of Tur Sw
in order to find out about the history of Irish
nunneries. But I find it is a book on the
“Manners and Customs of the Monks and
Nunsof England” Now, we were better than
the English; at least wethink so, and hitstort-
ans say that our Irish monasticism was of
stricter type. In thia book of SO pages T
found only fouror five pages coneerning Irish
monka and nuns, and in these pages only one
fact (a law attributed to St. Patréek) that could
be constrned to their discredit lam not
maintaining that they were perfect, only that
the evidence of Mr. Oakes does not prove what
he says; viz,, that in Fosbrooke we'shall find
much to the discredit of Irish nuos

The book (new edition, London, 1817) ia con-
fossedly a partiean work—the author says that
the “integrity of a Protestant clergyman” com-
pelahim totell the truth. This truth ts now
secured by co jecting all the odious and damag-
ing statements he can find in the entire course
ofthe annals of Fngland against the monka
Cardinal Newman says somewhere that it
would be astonishing if an inatitution Ike
the Catholic Church, cavering nineteen cen.
turies of the most important part of the world’s
history, did not furnish some material for
plausible attacke, Butacollection of damage

.

) tism

| the Catholle Chur

 

Men became monks to serve God perfectly, |

} other

 

ing statements from the pen of one's confessed
adversary is more like a libel than the sentence
of a Judge, In history we should hear both
sides, consider all the clreumatances, and judge
with calm and aincerity, In the book I found
(p. 18) this good prinelple: “The clergy of all
nations have ever fower vices than the other
classes of people, and their faulta exist more in
the prevalent atates of society and bad institu-
tions than in themselves,”

This work {s @ very uncritical compilation,
for {t admits all kinds of evidence on the same
line, so long as it will hurt the monks. Thus,
this writer, who ts by profession a local arch-
mologist, with all the qualities and defects of
that honorable calling, quotes chroniclos of
all ages, without a word as to their age, genu-
ineness, reliability, quotas satirical romances
ond the gibes of minstrels and morria dancers
asifall were equally trustworthy, Thia kind
of history writing prevailed after the Reforma.
tion In England, and specimens of it may he
seen, together with a just and admirable eriti-
ciam tn the Protestant Dr. Maitland'’s “Essays
onthe Reformation” (New York: John Lane,
Bodley Head, 1809),

As Mr. Oakes has cited a book of the begin-
ning of thecentury against the Irish monks

) and nuns, may Crefer your readers to some

good books of the endofthe century? They
are, firat, “The Monactie Life,” by Thomas
Allies, KC. 8, G. (London, Kegan Pau), 1805),
This author is a Catholic, but used to bean
Protestant; anyhow, he has the reputation tn
Fnyland of being a venerable scholar, Second,
“Logends of the Monastic Orders,” by the
Protestant Mrs. Jameson (London, second
edition, — 2&f0), Third, Montalembert's
“History of the Monks of the West” (new edl-
tion), with the Benedictine Father Gasquet's
scholary Introduction on monks and monaatic-
fam. The latest and most reliable history of
the monastic and mendicant orders is Heim-
bucher, “Dia Orden und Congregationen der
Katholischen Kirehe” (Schiningh Paderborn,
2 vole, 80). Fourth, Lingard'’s ‘Anelo-
Raxon Antiquities’ new edition, London,
Thomas Baker, 2 vols., 18!)),

I feel certain that any student of history who
will peruse these pages will see that much prog.
reas has been mada in the direction of justice
and decency since the days of Fosbrooke and
Hospinian, ascholarly but passionate writer of
the seventeenth century, whose spirit and
narrowness Fosbrooke inherited. Far different
Inthe noble book of Father Waterworth (“Hia-
torical Lectures on the Origin and Progress In
Fna@land of the Change of Religion Called the
Reformation,” Philadelphia, 1843, Leeture IIT,
pp. 93-145) Joun O'Toore,

Wasurtnotoy, April 4.

What the Catholic Creed Is Now.

To tire Enrror or Tar Sun—Sir: The recent
Tnglish monthly magazines have given us
most interesting articles from 8t. George
Mivart and Father Clarke. Strange that in
their discussions of the faith of Rome they
have not once referred to her fixed and anthor-
{tative standards!

An era in papal history was marked by the
Council of Trent. It revolutionized the Catho-
lie Church, Now we find her creed not in the
statements of Bishops, or doctors, or assem-
bifea, or even of Pontiffs, The decrees of Trent
ire the trrepealable laws of Rome. Confes-
sions they are, not only formal, but fnal,

Paul ITY. in 1545 eonvoked the couneil which
finished ita work {n 1563, when Pius IV. was
Pontiff. This Pope, two years after, published
his creed, which is an infallible exposition of
the doctrines of the council binding all Catho-
lies. I quote its substance,

Virst—Having reeited the Nicene Symbol, tt
proceeds:

Second--I most firmly admit and embrace apostoliral
andecclesiostical traditions and allother constitu-
tlons and observances of the

‘Third=1 also admit the sacred Seriptures according
to the sense the Holy Mother Church has held and does
hold, to whom It belongs to Judge the true sense and

same Church

} interpretation of Holy Sertpture

Fourth--I confess that there are truly and properly
seven new ‘aw tustituted by Jesus
Christ, and forthe salvation of mankind, though allare
not necessary forevery one: namely, baptism, confirma
tion, euchartat
and they eor
confirmation and
sacrilege

Fitth—1

sacraments of the

penanee, extreme unction, orders and
graee, and of these bap

orders cannot be reiterated

matrimony

withont
also receive and admit the ceremonies of
h received and approved in the sol
emn administration of the above saerar

Sixth -[ receive and approve allandevery oneof the
things which have been defined and declared by the
Holy € ell of Trent coneerning originel sin and
jJustifeation.

Seventh—I profess and believe that in the mass of
fered to God Isa true, prover and propitiatd?y sacrifice
for theliving and the dead, and that tn the most holy
saerfee of the encharist there isteuly, really and sub-
stantially the body and blood, together wtth the soul
and divinity, of the Lord Jesus Christ, and that there
Is made a conversion of the whole substance of the
bread into the body and of the whole substance of the
winetnto the blood, which conversion the Catholie
Church ealls transubstantlation

Mighth—I confess that under one kind Christis
tece'ved whole and entire, and # true sacrament,

Ninth -I constantly hold that there is a pun
@atory and that the souls there are helped by the suf-
frames of the fatthful

Tenth=T believe that the saints reigning together
with Christ are to be honored and invoked: that they
offer prayers to God for us, cod that their relies are
to he venerated,

Eleventh -Il most firmly assert that the images of
Christand of the Mother of God, and also of the other
saints, eld and retained, and that due
honor and veneration are to be @iven them

Twelfth—TI also affirm that the powerof indulgences
was left by Christ {nthe Chureh, and that the use of
them ts most wholesome to Christian people.

Thirteenth -Iacknowledge the Holy Catholle and
Roman Church to be the mother ard mistress of
all churches

Poutteenth—T profess and undoubtedly recetve all
things delivered, defined and declared by the
sacred canons and general counetis, and particularly
by toe Holy Counetl of Trent,and I condemn, reject
and anathematize all things contrary thereto, and all
heresies Whatever condemned and anathematized by
the Church

Fifteenth

ents,

are to be h

Chis ts the Catholic faith out of which
none can be saved.

Tn 1854 Plo Nono aasemb!#d his Bishops and
added another dogma to the creed of Rome,
He terminated conturies of strife between the
Franciseana and Domtnfeans, Beneath the
enblime domeof st, Peter's, he declared the in-
faliitle belief ofthe Catholie Church tn these
words “The doctring which says that the
Blessed Virgin Mary was preserved exempted
from the stain of original sin from the first In-
stant of her conception, in view of the merits
of Jesua Christ, the Saviour of mankind, Is a
doctrine revealed of God, and for which reason
all Christians are bound to believe firmly and
with confidence.”

On the 18th of July, 1870, the Catholio
Church crowned her system by the decree of
her Vatiean Council:

ay that the Roman Pontiff has
or direction and not

If, then, any shall
the office merely of Inspection
full and supreme power of Jurtsdiction over the whole
Church, let him be anathema. We teachand define
thatitisadodma divinely revealed that the Roman
Ponti? when he speaks er cuthedra—that Is, when in
the office of pastor and doetor of all Christians, by virtue
of hia supreme Apostolic authority, he defines a
dogma regarding faith and morals to be held by the
Universal Church by the Divine assistance prom-
ised the blessed Peter, fs possessed of that Infallibil-
tty with whieh the Divine Redeemer willed His
Church to be crowned. If any ons, whico God forbid
presune to contradict this definition, let him be
anathema

The canons of Trent, the dogma of Tmmaeu-
late Conception, the Vatican decliration of
Papal Infallibility, constitute the unchangeable
faith of the Catholic Chureh. In her battle for
the world thes) are her standards, Above her
miliions floats her flag, never to be furled, ex-
cept before universal defeat. I make no
comments on her creed, In the contest oom-
meneed by St. George Mivart and Pather
Clarke all Americana should undorstand pre-
cisely the grand issues involved, Iaxotvs,

Remember This—
When an. advertiser has something of real
valae to dispose of, he first goes to THe Sun's

advertising colum with it. Rarely le
compelled to try further — rT adi

fas Oh: Cate ee : Bre ee > WR
Bg WA ae Mie iee TER Ti. Beh BERRY

HORSE SHOWS OF THE YEAR.

MANY LXMIBITIONS PLANNED FOR
THE CUMING SEASON,

Garden Show to Be Held One Week Later
n Meretofore—Kquine Cake Walks to

tion With Trotting Meetings—F.

M. Ware on Professional Exhibitors,

The cosey little horse show at Durland's Riding
Academy a fortnight ago ushered in what promises
to be @ notable season for such exhibitions in the
Rast, Brooklyn's customary display of smart
equipages and spring modes is to take place this
month at the home of the Riding and Driving
Club near Prospect Park, and there will follow
4 long series of big and little equine cake walks
preceeding the annual round up of horse and so-
clety at Madison Square Garden in November
Apropos of the \ational Horse Show, that fune
tion is this year to be held one week later than
usual, its managers having leamed that the
second week of Novembernowadays flads many
fashionable folk still enjoying outdoor life at their
country places. The sixteenth annual exhibi
Won will therefore be opened on Monday, Nov, 19,
continuing as usual throughout the week

The sixth annual Canadian Horse Show at the
armories in Toronto, is scheduled for the same
dates ay those of the Brooklyn show, April 26.25,
to be followed one week later by the first horse
show of the Montreal Hunt Club, Through the
Toronto show the Dominion Government ts
Boing to give to Canadian breeders an object
lesson designed to encourage the production
of horses suitable for army purposes, for which
the demand is now almost unlimited, ‘The Minis-
ter of Agriculture has offered three prizes of 8100
each for the best horse suitable for artillery pur-
poses, the best cavalry mount, aud the best horse
for mounted infantry. It is expected that quite
a delegation of \ew York horse fanciers will
exhibit their steppers at the two Canadian shows.
George L. Hulme is to judge the barness horses at
the Toronto exhibition.

Philadelphia will have the first if not also the
foremost open-air horse show of the season at
St. Martin's Green during the last week in May.
With such horses as the hackneys of A. J. Cassatt
and Mitchell Harrison; the high-steppers of W.
L, Elkins and Joseph FP. Widener; the roadsters of
FE. T. Stateburg, James W. Cook and Col. A.

Louden Snowden; the hunters of BK, F. Clyde and
Edward Morrell; and the ponies of I, C, Patterson,
Quaker SIL horse fanciers support three or four
minor exhibitions each year. The Atlantic City
show, in July, draws largely on Philadelphia for
its entries and its patrons, while the summer resi-
dents of Devon and Lryn Mawr annually arrange
enjoyable exhibitions at those suburban towns,
The Lryn Mawr and Devon shows are purely
sporting events in which the mighty dollar plays
no part. Love of the horse is the only requisite
for membership. Competition and admittance
are free to all and the winners receive bo prizes,
At Bryn Mawr they stake off a show ring on
the lawn in frontofthe hutel, Around the tnelosure
there is no reserved parking space. The spring
wagon of the Pennsylvania farmer gets a better
position than the coach and fourof the Pennsyl-
vania Railroad President provided itgots there first,
And this is the show where little Miss Lewis
Tides her father’s big hunter in a man’s saddle,
sometimes sending him as straig)t as a deer ata
five foot fence as she goes out of the ring after
winning a bit of blue ribbon, The Bryn Mawr
show is held in September while the Devon show
comes in June. Only a few miles separate the two
suburban towns, and the same exhibitors are
prominent at both exhibitions.

Summer residents in the Berkshire Hills are to
have 4 sort of basket picnic horse show next Sep
tember, conducted on the lines of the Bryn Mawr
and Devon meetings. Though known as the
Lenox show tt is to be held at the half mile track
on the old Highlawn Farm at Lee, where Elizur
Smith bred trotting horses many years ago
The show will be astrictly local affair, for amateurs
only, with prizes of silver plate. Anothor similar
sporting event is annually held at Belle Haven,
near Greenwich, a month or six weeks earler in
the season, The midsummer show of the season
will be at Long Branch, where the Monmouth
County. Horse Show Association has for years
vast held one of the most important open-air ex-

ibitions in the country his exhibition is
scheduled for the last week in July

Newport's annual horse show, which is now the
most notable of the autumn open air exhibitions,
will be held this year at the Newport Casino, be-
ginning on Later Day and continuing three after-
noons. Preseott Lawrence, F. M. Ware, H. T
Eldredge, Center Hitchcock, O. H. P. Belmont and
W. OR. Travers are the directors of the show, and
the names of nearly all of Newport's fashionable
folk are found in the lists of exhibitors and box
holders. Last year the exhibition was made nota-
ble as the ploce where many of the horses that
won at the National Horse Show in November
had been brought out for their first trial in public
competition

hiorse shows are to be held next season in con

junction with two of the leading trotting meetinics
in New England. At Providence, the high-stey.
pers and saddle horses will parade in the show
ring opposite the grand stand, while the Grand
Circult races are in pr asaoon tbe mule track
The plan of combining horge shows with trotting
nieetings will be followed also at the fall meetung
of the New England Trotung Horse Breeders
Association, to be held at Readvillea Park, near
Boston. If the experiment proves to be success
ful the horse-show feature may become a fixture
ot the trotting meetings held annually at Detroit,
Cleveland, Buffalo and other cities in the Grand
Circuit’ The managers of the two New England
trotting meetings are said to have taken their cue
from Brockton, where horse show, fair and harness
races have been combined with remarkable suc-
cess during the last two years About two
hundred and twenty horses were shown at Brock-
ton last October, the list of exhibitors including
Thomas W. Lawaon, E. D. Jordan, Richard F
Carman, W. Stanton Elliott and other well-known
horse fanciers whose stables were seen one mouth
later at the National Horse Show. The attendance
4t Brock wn reached 105,000 in two days in 1508,
FM. Ware of the Executive Committee of the
Newport Horse Show is the manager of the Broek-
ton exhibition, and he will this year have charge
of the shows at Providence and KReadville, —Provi
denee precedes New port, and is followed by Lenox,
Readville and Brockton, making @ sort of horse
show circuitin New England

In the matter of direct influence in improving
the breed of horses, which is nominally if not
really the object of all bo se shows as well as
all horge races, the one-day exhibition annually
held in october at the Goshen Driving Park in
Urange county ranks with some of the more
pretentious horse shows of the cities, It was
get awoing several years ago by bk. H. Harri-
man and his friends, and is now under the patron-
age of a score or more of well known New Yorkers
who maintain country places in Orange county,
with Mr. Uarriman sull the leading spirit. When
the first exhibition took place in 1485, some of
the equipages lined up on the quarter stretch
in competition for the ribbons were calculated
tu make the ribald jeer and the jucicious grieve
But the horseljoving Orange county farmer was
quick to see the pointaof the finished park horses
that came up from ‘Tuxedo and New York, and
last vear he trotted out a collection of long and
short tailed sieppers that made the critics stare
From the modest little oneday exhibition at
Goshen came the champion roadster of the last
National Hiorse Show, as well as the high step
per that beat a field of fifty three at the Garden

An innovation introduced several years ago
at some of the minor shows and followed this
season at Jurlond’s and the approaching exhi
bition in Hrooklyn, bids fair to be a sort = | open
ing wedge in an important new departure among
horse-show associations generally, and is ac
eording!y attracting much attention. ‘This new
departureis the barring out of dealers and pro-
fewional exhibitors in nearly all classes, end
thus ecatining competition almost exclusively
to amateur horse fancters and thetr entries. For
eeveral years past the status of the dealer has
been a perplexing subject to horse show mana
eis, everybody exhibiting a desire to put up
the bars, yet few doing se, least a shortege of
entries result. Last year and again this spring
the report came from Philadelphia that profes
stonal horsemen were to be excluded at the an-
nual exhibition there, but no sooner had the story

ained circulation than it was authoritatively
denied, The only classes not open to dealers
at Philadelphia are those for equipages, in which
horses, carriages, harness, liveries and all ap
peintments are to be judged Speaking of the
problem of the professional, Fo M. Ware said
the other day to a reporter of Tar SUN

‘The next two seasons are roing to bea critical
period in the history of borse shows, as I look at
the matter. [Hy the end of that time we shail
know whether the professionalexhihitor--in other
words, the dealer is to go oris not to go. My bellef
is that the continued welfare of the sport demands
the gradual banishment of the professional ex
bibitor from all but a few classes at all shows
H» has plaved 4 most tmportant part in building
ip horse shows everywhere, but {t is time for
him to give way to the amateur, w a great extent
at least) One or the other has got to go, and
everybody knows what will happen if {t's the ama
teur who goes. He will take the horse show with
him. The overage amateur cannot compete
succesafully with the dealer, and he has come to
the point wher he knows it. Besides, there is
not the sporting interest in a competition amy ng
dealers, of betwoen dealers and amateurs. The
commercial factor is too prominent. It’s the
tuasie between amateurs, where the one who
wins can crow over the losers and mb it into them
when he meets them at the club or at dinner, that
givee zest to the sport No, it’s the business of
the Gonl? to find the horses, and fit them and eel)
them, but not to show them. Let him leave that
to his customers, the amateurs.
me to be poor polley, too, for the dealer to sell a
good show horse to one of hia patrons and then
perhaps hunt up 4 better animal to beat the first
one, I have seen this done time and again

“What is neaded is a national league of horne
shows to enable all of the inditidual organizations
fo act collectively tn thie matter, Few of them
will undertake to bart!) professional exhibitor
unless they can be assurcd that all other shows
are going to do the same. I beliove nearly all
associations favor some action of this kind,
every wee? geemas naturally euough tw look for
the ag Horse Show Asaoclation to take the
inidetve, but thus far it has omitted to do so.”

It #eems to

REAR T ae FORMER
~

Guaranteed

Not to give trouble.

EOPLE sometimes buy shades

without regard to the quality
of the rollers on which they are

mounted, The best shades on
foferior rollers are a source
of annoyance. The Genu-

ine Hartshorn Shade
Rollers will give sat-

isfaction, because

they are pro-

pertly con-

Improved
Hartshorn
Shade Rollers

have many advantages

euch as unbreakable brack-

ets, fine bearings, scientifically
constructed springs and holders

. for fastening on the shade, doing
away with all tacks, The shade whea

placed on willstayon. As the market fs

flooded with imitations, more ot less worth-
leas, the public is cautioned tosee that the auto-
graph of Stewart Hartshorn appears 0a all rollers

NOT DAVID HARUM BOYS,

A PERSONALLY CONDUCTED CIRCUS
PAKTY NOt A SUCCRSS,

Two City Boys Picked Up Outside the Madi-
son Square Garden and Taken Inside
-Their Tired Comments on the Show -
It Wearied Them to Louk at Some of It,

“There are lots of stories told of the fun to be
had by taking small boys to the circus,” said
the benevolent man sadly, “but I have my doubts
as to them. = I did the thing myself the other
day. The next time we go to the circus we will
go by ourselves. We made up our minds to do
the thing last summer when we read “David
Harum.” It seemed a highly tempting oppor
tunity to add to the fun of the circus for ourselves
and at the same time to confer a great charity
on youngsters who would 80 far appreciate it as
to leave a pleasant glow of righteousness about
our hearts for the rest of the year. We decided
that we would not select our boys in advance.
We would simply get two seats besides those
we needed for ourselves and pick up the first
two wistful-looking boys weffound hanging around
the doors of Madison Square Garden

“We reached the Garden athalf past 7 o'clock,
There was not a boy in sight That was
rather a blow to us, but we considered. We came
to the conclusion that they must all be around
at the side entrances, where the fifty cent and
twenty-five-cent tickets are sold. But there were
no boys near the side entrances. We walked
three times around the Garden without meeting
@ single boy that did not look so prosperous that
jt was out of the question to think of making ad-
vances to him Ther we went up to the police-
man who guards the back door of the Garden,
where the circus people go in and out, and asked
him where we would be likely to find any circus-

hungry boys.

“What do you mean” he said.

“IT mean,’ I explained, ‘that we want to take
two boys to the circus and we can't find any to
take."

“You're just after giving a couple of kids a
good time?’ he asked doubtfully. He seemed to
think that he must bave misunderstood us

“That's what we mean,’ I said

“Wait a minute,’ said he and walked out
{nto the middle of the street and beckoned toward
@ group of boys about a peanut cart around the
corner. Two boys emerged from the group look
ing as though they were half scared to death.
The policeman took one in either hand and led
them up to us. ‘Will these do you” he asked
They were not very dirty and they looked any-
thing but wistful They were very sure, though,
that they wanted to go to the circus, We told
them to come along. They followed us with
doubtful cheerfulness and with many question-
ing looks at each other. As we were havin,
the conference with them and the policeman
saw out of the corner of my eye that another boy
was standing in the background J took ceca
gion w inform our two captives thatwe had but
two tickets for guests, saying se in a rather loud
tone of voice for the benefit of all who might be
concerned

curb
were half way up the block, and by the time we
had turned the corner there were twenty of them
in a clamorous mob, sweeping us on before them
1 felt called upon to make 4 speech at the entrance

“We have just two tickets,’ I announced amid
excited murmurs from the audience, ‘One is
for this boy here,’ I tonched one of the original
victims on the shoulder, ‘and another is for thig
one,’ and I touched the other, (Both boys seemed
to increase in stature visibly) "The other two,’
I continued, ‘are for us.’ Here TL regret to confess
T hesitated, I bad expected that the crowd would
melt away. It did not. It increased ‘You
seat all go away,’ I said in rather lame conclu-
sion

“Say, Bill,’ said a voice in the crowd, ‘let's
§ inside and see if they get through the gate,

steher it's askin game’

“The multitude followed ua into the Garden
as far as the brass rails, where the ticket takers
stand. They were aull there in solemn amaze
ment when our captives followed us through the
pune canton flannel curtains, We went down
velow to look at the animals. The boys had not
said a word ainee we took them from the policeman.
We looked at hyenas, leopards, panthers, Hons,
tigers and two-horned rhineroceros, and they
seemed rather more bored with cach new beast
I grew suspicious

“Have you seen these before” I asked.

“Naw, said the biggest boy. ‘Say,’ he asked,
‘where are the camels”

“Both of us felt encouraged, We hastened
on to the camels, Now, I don't know much about
camels, but those that are in this show seemed
to me to be very acceptable camels. Hut the
boys apparently did not take my view of it

“tun! said the big boy, ‘there isn't any one
of them as Lig as illy. He's better than any
one of'em. Ain't he”

“Sure he is,’ seid the small bey, ‘They ain't
any of ‘em any good alongside of him. ’ There
ain't anything here that could touch Hen even,

“Who is Ken? T asked

“He's our camel down at the stable,” said the
amaller boy ‘HKhut his leg ia broke, Hilly's
better than he is.’ :

“So you have & camel of your own” I said
rather dazed

“Yep, he said, ‘and these can't tonch ‘em
I knew they didn't, but all the other kids said
they did, and that's why I wanted to see ‘em my-
sell

‘We made our way «adiy up to the arena, won
dering what sert of infant plutocrats in disguise
we were entertaining, The big boy brokein
upon our revenes

“T wanter see the chariots, too, before I get
out,” he said. “IT bet they ain’t half as good as
ours

“Where did you get yours” we asked tn the
same breath

“And then the mystery was made plein. They
were boys who lived in, or near, or whose fathers
were interested in, a stable in which the live stock
of the melodrama Ken Hur was stabled They
were sometimes allowed ts lead the horses and
the camels fr the stable to the theatre and on
such occasions were always permiited to see the
performance = ‘They told us all these things with

 

 

} Bordeaux wine

| quantity of the liquid concoction

| from one to the other many times in
| before

But as we walked up Twenty sixth |
street boys seemed to cltmb out from under the |
There were eight following us before we |

TIN ROLLER &

great soctability, and we were beginning to feel
very much encouraged over the prospect.

“Our encouragement grew by leaps when they
both sang with great clearness the choruses of
the songs which a man up with the band was
singing in a mournfully profound voice before
the real performance started, liut the minuie
the entrance doors swung open and adniltted the
opening cavalcade and procession and all that
gort of thing that marks the beginning of tLe
show, our hearts sank again. The two boys
leaned forward in their seats and scanned every
horse and ey be riderin the procession with coldly
critical eve. Now and then they looked at each
other and sniffed disdainfully, Onee in a@ long
time they exchanged thelr opinions on the cows
tumes and the horses and the riders. None of
them was complimentary. There was nothing

| in the show that did not have its counterpart in

‘Ben Hur’ or in the stable, The things in the
play and in the stable were all of them a great
deal betier than the things that were parading
and cavorting around the arena. They had no
trapezes and no aerial parallel bars in the stable,
apparently, but there were plenty of those things
at the ‘gym,’ wherever that was, and there wae
not @ boy in that precious insutution who could
not have duplicated any feat performed, if only
the ‘gym’ was big enough for the lonx leapa

“We were certain of one thing at least; that
nothing in the experience of these youngster
would prepare them for destructive criticism o'
the posing of the tableaux that were displayed
on screens in the centre of the garden atone stage
of the performance. Mighty litile we knew about
it! Both boys watched the entire programme
of statuary poses with unemotional countenances,
Then said one to the other ‘Say, wouldn't that
give you a pain in your neck”

“They had nothing but seorn for the bareback
riders and for the chariot races. They had no

reat opinion of the scheme of having a woman

rive @ chariot, anyway, They might as weil
have been wax figures ina dry goods store. in
the opinion of these critics, And as for the other
races’ ‘Say, Mike,’ said the elder ieonoclast
‘They wouldn't do a thing to them jockeys i?
they tried to ride a race down to Sheepshead,
would they? They look Hike a hundred and two
pounds, they do! Why, they're full-growed men."

“Aw, sure,’ said Mike. ‘This show i# on the
dum any way vou take it’

“Inasmuch as the performance was over, they
rose up and departed from us They did net
@ much as turn their heads to say goodby. We
did not mourn their departure, But never again
will we undertake a personally conducted tum
promptu benevolent circus party,”

Strawberry Fishing ia Chill,

A singular custom prevaila in Chili, which
{n these days of aseptic precatitions will canse
a shudder among those who see infection lurking
in every detail of life. It is ealled strawberry
fishing, and is conducted in this fashion. At
the close of a dinner, the cloth ts removedand

there is placed upon the table an immense bows
into which are emptied haif a dozen booties of
four of cherry, and two of rua;
and nutmeg, Into this) mixture

hesidés sugar

| is put a very large strawberry which floats upon

the surface. The bow) is prowided with two
handles, These are used to lift_the vessel, end
tilt itso that the strawberry may be bro ueht near
the edge and sucked into the mouth, This world
appear an easy feat; but it is a difleuit one.aa ihe
fruit roils over when touched with the lips. The
contestant in the effort swallows a considerable
This is the
the bowl] is passed
Sliccession
the strawberry is captured; when that
arrives all of the guests have
reached a ripe stage of hilarity, This is the game
as itia played among the higher ciasses, Among
those of @ iower social standing the flery liquer
of the country is substituted for wine, With
them strawberry fishing develops into a function
compared to which a fighting mixed-ale party
in this town is the recreation of a group of peace
seeking Quakers

reason for the game, for

moment finally

Bhe Came by the Avalanche Route.

From the Chicago Record
COLORADO SrprinGs, Col, April 10.—Anne
Aphonyi, the pretty young wife of Col C. P.
Aphonyi, has had an experience with snowslides
on the mountain which she will never forget, ‘The
Colonel's home at presentis at|(Seven Lakes, well
up on the shoulder of Pike's Peak, He came bere

Wednesday of last week. Deop snow fell that night,
isolating Colorado Springs ard Seven Lakes from
the outside world, On Sunday and again yester-
day Mra. Aphonyi attempted on horseback to reach
Colorado Springs, The borse gave out both times
when nearthe lakes, ‘The little woman then mode
# pair of snowshoes and started on her perilous
journey to day

The distance is only twelve miles, but each
mile is broken with canyons and deeply snow.
covered, In rounding Bald Mountain at 1,000
feet altitude Mra, Aphonyi waa three times carried
some distance down its declivities by snowslides,
though unhurt. She finally reached the half-
way house on the cog road with both snowshoes
broken, The snow had been broken on the track
and the descent to Manitou was made safely afvet
eight hours of extraordinary peril

**The Sorrowful Christ.’

By CATHFRINE (MRS, EDWIN) MARKHAM
From the Boston Herald

The Man of Peace came back againone night
Dassed slowly down «& shell torn battle helgaut,
W hereon a noise of purple victors

A whirloft war had searcely ceased to be,

And harried homes bad sent their piteous yleld
Of brother hating brother to that fleld
Hot, choking fumes across the bilitops swept,
Where late the iittle bands of lowers had kept
An open house for friendly, wandering bees
While leaves had lisping gossip in the tree
And wild, wet bloodmarks splashed the
ground
And birds with knowing eves were elrolirg round
Pratsing and cheering in thelr skiriing ree
These men who die that blrds may have a mea
Bleared bodies stretched them at the white ¢ brist™
foet
Not men bent there the living Giod to m
Put hurled and heaped in hurnecane«
And tn thelr mouths a bite of dust '
And they had starved and sweat
To soothe some swagm@ering lord
For some p plume | the eat
Some brage@ s boast sor
Yet, homes must feed the vultures, a
The huckster statesmen in thelr craw

broke

eet

nd mus
ing greed,
And then I heard the tender Christ make moa
The Mothering (ne w makes
His face was drawn witht

And afterall

I dshed and blare

Ravage and rage, and

000000000000000060000000600000006060600000000008
Every One May Now Drink Tea!
Tannin Conquered at Last in

oemaen

HEALTHFUL, NUTRITIOUS, THE GREATEST DISCOVERY of the AGE.

Tea-Ette is pure Tea of the best

the Taaonin without destroying the good qualities of the
is the result of careful seientitic research.
it aids Digestion, Builds Up

and exe'ting the nerves,

grades treated by a process which modifies

‘Te trA-ETUE
far w the stomach
end Strengthens the

Instead of

Nervous System, and is rapidly tinding favor wit! those whoare fo dor tena

know the bad effects of Tannin

market.

TEA-ETTR js

If your grocer has not vet included it in tis stuck, ace

the purest tea in

iinet

or on receipt of Su cts. we will mail one-half pound packs

you drink—Oolong, Mngli h Breakfast, «

wr Mixed

ROYAL TEA-ETTE CO., 43 Wattabout Market, Brooklya, N. Y.

‘

f iad “i

IL OOS A ARNIS | Ch MBS i 2b nce ane pent

yes ty placa

”