at

nee

pe aa

eee

   

NR. DOBLEY FITS UP A DEN. |

His WIFE HELPS HIM rupness|
WEIS TDKAS ON OE ROOM,

stick gueert the mantelpiece and stood off to view
the effect,

‘There's « picture dowstairs,” said Mra Dobley,
“of two fish banging on # board wall”

Vlanked shad, | presume,” said Dobley

‘I've always hated it,” said she, “but now tt
seouis to me as though this de {ust the place for ie
Tt will look well rligyt in this corner

“Exactly,” said Dobley, “and to-morrow I will

He Wanted It to Reveal His Personality,
bring home asign t) go with it’

but the Effect Was Peeuliar Even if it | , 9 ne & eh
, a” - hata . sign nquired Mra Doble
Waa Heterogeneous The bigeye ‘Sure! 10's the prover thing to have gna

Man Should Have ina Deno . ‘| tn aden; makes it look more like a college room
« her husband | and brings back memories of youth, :

oe ‘i ) Soa bunch of signs came home with Dobley
next night Under the fish picture he tacked
one which read

Mra Dobley screamed slight!
earefully opened a bex that he had br uht home
and took out a erinninis st which he placed |
upon the library tali-

“LT bave decided.” sani Detlev, “to have a den |
and no den is complete wehouta akull of pur |
chased this today, together with ite most inter:
eating history = It hay quite & romance attached
fo it Some day when the den is completed I |
shall tell you the story and will practise the re
ital of it) There are certain: methods of hand
ling it while one ig telling the story that make it

RESPONSIBLE FOR
COATS

“WR SHALL NOL it
HATS ANI)

and on the door he put one which stated in red
Jatiers

(LOSED MONDAY

HOLIDAY”

“WK SHALL [iit

LEGAL

Bound very trie

Mrs Dobles
“There is a

atthe skull In a corner by the Mreplace he adjusted a atate

| Ment to this effect

peered enriously
f attached to it,” she said ‘witha
Ldon't believe itis a real skull”

   

 

Prive markont |
“Of course it isnt areal skull,” said Dobley, | “ALL PERSONS RIDING ON “THIS ELF

Wut itweasfooush of Preshington not to remove | VATOR DO SO AT THIET OWN RISK”

the ta the same You see, you buy these |

pkills et lapanese shops and you invent | I ave amore appropriate one for (he outside

the interestiie story |! t i Mes Dobley She pointed to a
Well To omuch prefer a make believe ekull,” | lat by sald

gai \! I) ts more cheerfu
And more durable said Dobley ‘These “THIS WAY TO TIE MENAGERIP.”

 

vr

 

ekulls are very popular as ornaments for bachele

apartments and they are subjected to hard usage “This room ix geting to be quite a joke,” said

 

 

that would smach areel skullin about @ minute. | Dobley, “but just wait”

I've seen one used ase football to illustrate @ “Ht hs ‘ adlteliy beeomin impressed with your
f ‘ me that had come up for personality,” soil Mex Dobley, «
certain part of the game that had ce But we mustn't overdo it.” said Dobley. “I'll
discussion Sometimes they serve as missiles, | try to find come more subdued effects to tone down

and owine to their baht, rubbers nature ther | the whole inte a harmony

: " Hy nest evening Mrs
do no damage whatever to mirrors or to furniture bow! of goldfish and sone blue china to the fur

said

“Rot leant see why you want a den, nishines Dobley brought home some pipes and
Mre Doblev “You lounge all over the house | asetof golf clubs, whied ne added to the co! lection
an Phe cook brought up a paar of Indian clubs and

now Isn't that enough i tennis racket that she found in the cellar and

is (here one room in the house,” asked Dobley | tendered them respectfully to Dobler She said

impressively, “that Tecan eall my very own? Is the new room seemed to be the place for them
cine ueanta rer siamped with the ‘Every little helps, said Doblev  delightedly
thers even one all co m . 1 'The room tw gradually acquiring a bue it wal

personality of Dottow* be the most re-ttul place ip tne house when itis
“There ts that small room off the brary with | finished. T've ordered a cae of firearm anda
. er : \ hat will give
' Mes Dootle and. of course, | dozen machetes and battieayes t e
en it,” said Mea. Dubl a ; an airy touch to this corner ner the window

 

 

 

     

 

     

 

 

 

  

 

 

 

   

 

you could ase stasa smoking room alse The chandelier looks so ere,” said) Mra
Ki Lash. satd Dobley, caressing the skull, | Dobley "Can't we improve on it in any way”
is hat limay have my own ides T want room | T intend to have a lamp,” said Dobley, wih 8
% Way \ idea f shade composed entirely of com masks
aid lught and comfortable old that Twant | An actor that E knew bod one and it was very
al able for bools and rs that may bey striking ‘Then a few card in sconces on the
left and kept in ditorder just os tong as T please.” ) all ett complete the lintttve arrangements A
ie Pee r ‘ ‘ few photo bere and there Xs
Well, Tecan imagine what it wilt look like “There isan old opium pipe that Unele George
said Mes Dobley, ‘bur Pi he room cleared | peugnt from Clira in the gerret,” said) Mrs.
, x Joblev. “Thad forgotten about it”
© morta t Nhe rather a ente idea to . * ,
a we % wf : i he 7 : ae Dobler's | “The verv thing’ said Dobley “Let's have it
show tt to folks and sas Phis 4 lone | down by all means
: ae ’ a '
dei ef coure dam net res ble for its dis Toward the end of the week the Dobley den was
rder’ Then soinctimes they look very pics | 8° full of added curiosidies that there was
eras Po : ; miirely | hardly room te move about
tures ‘ir Van Hiner bas one done entirely “It certainiv is a dream'” exclaimed Dobley at
fm posvers the door “Its *o-80— heterogeneous”
" nd ye oblected to those tew litde Japanese
ans for me. thanks,” said Dobley 1 | \ et You objectec I
Nal a) ad ban ; oe . ) bugs on the ceiling at first.” ssid Mra Dobley
Intend this room fort notasaneshibit to amuse } with reproach
guests or a chamber fl rs to show them after | ‘And now.” aatd Dobley proudly, “there is no |
diner iovitecd that \ gradually take on ranch of pe animal or reptile family that is not)
represen tec
chara ‘er ’ ‘ we tent of & sol Just then there was a ring at the bell and alorg
dier, the collofian r the werofasybarite. | box was carried in by the maid, who placed ft on |
Tebell levaitvo ltsown we 1 @ sola ;
: Lou promiced to buy nothing more,” sald Mrs
Phe next mht when Dobley came home his | Dobley as her husband began to unscrew the top
wife wae brimming over with interest In the new | cover
den Ive been rhing over it all day,” she | “Its only a litde thing that Freshington sug: |
; | pested,” be caid. “L was telling bim about the
aaid, “avd if | fll off the stepladder once, T did | den today and be said (bat while every den must
@ tweaty tones | have its skull, still newer effect was 7
Tas stepladder’’ inquired  Dobley ‘There | al ¥ in oad world are you unpacking there”
‘. ee aan » | asked Mira. Dobley
Was yo ifas mar decorting necessary, T trust “This.” said Dobley, shaking out a jointed life. |
You have not bea putting up a floral bell or | size skelion with a ratte “You take one of |
tra dint ivy over the walls” these and just have it stting carelessly by the fire
5 » iden ¢ had at ' He” | OF on the divan ike this see’ And you puta
Wt was just an idea had about the walls.” | on)4j, cap on one side of its head in this way
nail Mrs Dobley "The eoloring was so cold | Rather neat--what? 7
aid iartistic Tt would have been all right for |S» restful.” said Mrs. Dobley
a@ blonds man, but thought something more
Orie val in tone would suit you better.” CANADIAN PELAGIC SEALING,
sbi wokedupin some alarm “My dear,” ? et a
Pathey eoseh Up Be . A Total of 35,346 Fur Seale Taken by
he sad, ‘} hop? you will remember that my idea | .
7 Twenty-six Vessels in 1890,

in orgrinating this den was as a sort of relief to |
the ariistic tone ef the rest of the house. Bear
in inind, [donot want any stained glase effects
or havgings - want to impress the nook with
my own personality my fads, tastes and

whims.”
Oo, just wait until vou seeit,” said Mrs, Dobley

Quunre, April 13. The Canadian seal fishery
in the Pacifle Ocean for the season of 1400, ac
cording to the official reports just published, was
so successful as to warrant the authorities at
Ottawa in protesting against the adoption
| stricter precautions in connection with the seals

i ust a background, you know You can | of Behring Sea. The Behring Sea fleet of 1899
go ahead and impress your personality THENt | pon cietod of twenty-six vessels of 1,804 tons regis
away; bat | want cd the walls to be right ‘ “

Shi led the wav tothe den. Mrs. Dobley had | ter, with crews of 2153 white men and S87 Indians
covered the walls with some dark red cheesecloth | and the total catch was 34,454 skins, besides an

from iheor to ceiling In the centre it was math
erad ii about the chaidolier, producing the effect |
of a tent roofing. But Mrs) Doblew had intro
duced another novel effeet which caused Dobley
to start back in amavement

“Gy whilikens’’ he said
Do you see tuem all over the ceiling?

Indian cateb of 6892 on the coast, This total
of 35,346 skins is larger than that of 1897 and
1898 Of the twenty-six vessels, twenty operated

fon the Dntish- Columbian and Alaskan coasts
they? |

‘What are
They gavo | while these same twenty, and others, operated

 

     

me quite a turn | in Behring Sea, and only one operated on the
Mr Dobles laughed merrily, Z eee it) Agate side. The coast catch was 10,471 skins,

| 1 we ve ” sale a a ye
Fo Ee ative tects, They ar-ail | the Behring Sea catch 28,284, and the Asiatic

") eateh 699

From 1892 to 1896 thera was an average of
|} more than aisty vessela annually engaged in
In 1806, sixty-four vessels
whereas in 1891

Little Jananes® biute, beoties. frogs, spiders and

Snakes! said Dobley, nervously

“Yas sald Mes. Dobley, ‘you get them by
the dozen and they have springs in their feet so
that ther cateh on to drapery, Don't vou think |
them odd”

"Vory,” said Dobley decidedly
unique and startling ”

I hate to have rooms that look like everybody
@lae's.” said Mr Dobler, “especially a den.”

“But” said Dobley n't von think this may
eonfliet with my ideas of impressing uny ez

 

the sealing business

secured 53,254 skins,
vessels secured 60,487 In 1607 the fleet dropped
to forty-one vessels, securing 29,942 seals) The
stat.stics show that in the whole history of Cana

dian pelagic sealing, the average catch for 1499

 

“They are

 

 

|
“Oh, pshaw' [t's only the ceiling,” said Mrs. | has been surpassed only twice, namely in 1890
Dobley. ‘and it's the newest thing out.” ; j and 1804 In 1890 the average catch was 1.357
“But Pm no entomologist.” said Dobler “Be | Qiang toa vessel, in 1804 it was 1,583 and in 1899
aides, my dear, TP can imagine eceasions when | was 1,925. ‘The phenomenal catch of 1804
amo) seeking restin his den might find iteon | vay prineipally talen on tha Asiatic side. Now

 

fusing.”
ot when you get used to it,” said Mrs. Dobley

“Tl thought it would be nice to fasten the skull

over one of the gas jets instead of a globe so the |

light would shine through '
My dear Mrs. Dobiey

| adays the sealers have almost ceased exploiting
| the Asiatic waters and are confining themsel.es
to the North \merican waters of the North Pacific

Many of the vessels cleared from Victoria earlier
than usual in 1490 and proceeded southward
to the Californian coast, as good success was met

said Dobleys you ;

 

don't seem to understand. ‘The skull must Me | ign there during the previous year. Although
around careleasiv, like a book or @ piece of brie he spring catch was a fairly good one, it we uld |
7 \ +} a. ve tl a and says Mhats | undoubtedly bave been much better but for ch
OR): skull you have there an lunpropltious weather

rhea [ take it up and say ‘Yes funny | ‘phe sealers are reported to have carefully ob

history that siull has,” and [goon with the story. | corved their obligations under the regulations
Freshington has told me some good stories In| provided by the Pana award, and the vear was

 

connection with his skull . marked by an entire absence of any seizures or
“\ differant one every time?” suggested Mrs | undue interference by patrolling vessels

Dobliev em Al! the reports coming from Canadian sources
“Well, he forgets, sometimes, naturally, but] are to the effect that the seals are undiminished

it's interesting, when he legins, to make bets with

; in numbers ‘The masters of the sealing vessels
yourself aa to whether he's going to spring some

say that in the neaghborhood of the Fairweather

  

few vari or simply tell the same old story. Tf) prounds, where the seals congregate prior to
you put thatskil on the gas jot tt will seem too | Sytering Behring Sea, through the bend an
much tike straining for an effect.” | passes, they are seemingly as numerous aa to
“Ob, well, just have it around anywhere,” said | firmer vears, and itis sad that menerally -peal
Mrs Dobley. “Il was only trying to make the | ing thes are rot found at sea less often than in

roortlook pretty. . You fix it up yourself the old times, though they are certainly crowins
‘My dear,” said Dobley, “I don't want you to |) more timid and murratory
lose interest in ij, but keep those high art ideas Reference Is made to the branding by the United
of yours in subjection until the reom has acquired States authorities of seals, the expedient having
Personality been regarded by sume people as having an in
Mer Dobler was laden with packages when he} qrious effect upon the herd. From the sealers
arrived at the Dobley home next evening. Mra. | crandpoint, the effect cannot be very great, unless
Dobley was chilly and affected an entire lack of | the branded seals die, for out of last year's total
Interest as to the contents of Dobley's parcels take of 36.346 siing, only sixteen branced ones
Dobley, piqued, proceeded alone to the den while } were found. ‘This seems to show that the brand
Mrs Doblew seated herself at the library table | ony of seals forms mo factor in pelagic sealing
@nd buried herself in a magazine Quite a change of position bas been noted of
Great Scott!” said Dobley suddenty, “what on | jate in the Bebring Sea seals by Canadian hiuter

 

 

   
 

 

@arth ia this” c On the coset they have materially extended the

‘ Did ou speak to me, dear™ sald Mrs Dobley | area of their resort in a souther!y direction, while

rom the other room in Behring Sea there is a distinet tre
“"Whatis this catafalque that Tfnd in the den?” | bringing them principally to the north

be asked the Pribsloff Islands) Some believe this to be

Mre Dobler rose and looked in “Why,that is
mst the sewingg machine and the steamer trinks
‘we alwass wanted a place to put them, and that)

due to the disturbance of the seals upon the islands
and the eonseqnent incentive to seek other hreed
ing grounds, By othera it ts helieved that the

   

ely spoiled

 

Corner justsuiis “Phe machine comp changed distribution of the seals is rather to be
mv bav window upstairs 7 - attributed to the movement of the fishas upon
Dobley'’s arma fell limply by bis sides “LT give | which they feed

up he sald “What's the use of trying to havea es

 

 

 

   

en? Who ever heard of a sewing machine ina ae
S STEEL wool
“Why you could puta screen around it,” said Mrs.
Dobler ‘ A Curtous Material That Is Used asa Sub-
Yes and stand a rubber plant mn top and stitnte for Sandpaper.
ang « portiere around ft ald Dobley "No |
Yi give up the tlea if you are @& gm to crowd | Steel wor tntroduest five or six years ago,
all the surpliis machines and clothes wringers | is a machine priced material that is used as a
fn here dent know how to sew, and I'm not ;
oing to learn ‘There {8 no reason for tts being } substitute for sandpaper, [tis composed of sharp
f' | edived threada of steel, which curl up together
“Oh, very well, Ul bare it taken ont, if vou in | a a ‘ :
ike wool, or Somewhat as the wood fibres of the
aiat.” Said Mes. Dobley, “but if yeu will only allow |? i le
me te help you with the den and don't criticise | familiar material known as excelsior curl up
every Hite thing [do tt will get along so much | together, thoug! the stecl woolis very much finer,
Detter the finest of It being not much coarser than the

‘f’'s the personality of a den that counts,” said

coarsest of natural wools. The steal wool is

Doble, taking a stuffed allizator and two atuffed
ducks ontofa bes “Now, whatdo vou think of | put up In packages containing one pound each
those” Theso are eomething lise rolls of cotton batting

“"Whatare they for” asked Mrs. Dobley ;
‘Well, they're not to keep hairpins in or to but smaller, a;
ecratch matches n said Dohley “They | making, rolled in paper and
ar purely ornamental, and are supposed to suggest | & package perhaps fifteen inc
the idea of ahunter You can always throw out | three taches in Gameter
@ hint that you've shot ‘em tn the South Made in various degrees of coarseness, steel
"But von never do hunt” aid Mrs. Dobler woolis put to a variety of ses, the Aner wools for
“L used to when | was a younester,” sald Dobley, | polishing wood and metal, and the coarser for
“sadonce a hunter always a hunter” rubbing down paint and varnish It is often
Mid vou hunt allivators™ used on apecia! narts of work, while, for example,

ound of steel wool, loosely packed,

wh at the ends,
slong and two or

 

 

 

  
  

 

   

 

  

 
 
  

        

“No froge’” said Dobt “same family And | on the flat surfaces of a coor a man would use
here | have a pair of foils and two snowshoas; | sane with a bleeck back of it, for the mould-
ivea the room a sertof sporty effect when all these | ings be weuld use deel wool, which fits inte the
hinges wet hone un } crevices and « rms itself to irregular shapes,
“Ht looka just a fitte bit tke a museum.” said | | howork cat done with steel wool far more
Mee Dobler \re vou going te have a cata | readdy and oulekly than with sandpaver, and |
loge’ | itis used with lice advantage on irregular and
fr will wradvally esstme a hore definite char | small surfaces ard on carved work
acter” said Dobtes Thee thints take time Hostdes the steel wool there ts a coarser material |
Neu evening Myr Dobleyw trumphaniv tad | of the ” 1d called steel shavings, which ta
her husband te the den, where she had placed | pot te r lises, as taking off old pains
a lar@e paler of antlers and atigershinon the wall | or varnish, and in polis? wood before painting
“T got them ato bergain.” she said “Tan't the | and it is aeed on bowling alleys and on tloors
tiger skin too sweet for anvthing™ | for smoothing and cleaning them
“AL we reed mow aid Dohler “lea free lunch endpaper clogs in tae, steel woo! breaks down
anda resutett We'd wet ol! the business The wool ts commonly used with gloves to keen
He ung a pair of busing gloves and @ lacrosse | the ends from sucking iaw the dngere

: <

Dobley had added a |

| sponsibilities put upon at

ot!

fifty-one |

} to Ml the office

THE SUN, SUNDAY, APRIL 15. 1900.

—

 

SHEKMAN THK ONLY GENERAL TO

RiJveey THE TEMPTATION,

Other Military Men Have Vielded Some
| Have Been Elected and Others I
ot With the Exception of Washir
«tory Haas Not Added to Their Glory,

 

 

    

' ‘Lhe solitary, brilliant exception vw the popular

heroes of this country, one who would net accept

the nomination for the Presidency, was Gen
| , ’ .
| Willom ‘Peeumseh Sherman Repeatedly he
was unged to be a candidate and earnestly be

| Sought" tosaveour party ‘by becoming a standard

but no arguments that were presented
no inducements that could be
his deelsion. [ts reply to all such propora
that he was not a politician; that he could not be
come one, did not want the place, and, finally,
when his patience was exbausted with the im
portunities of those who assured him
would be elected if he would run, he roared out
hislastemphatc. “No; let me hear no more of it: I
will not accept the oflice ”

Sherman more nearly resembles Washington
in his unselfish atutude toward the Presidency
than other American Prue, Washingion

bearer,

roade, influenerd
'

 

WAS

any

} was twice President of the United States, and |

equally true that he could have been the successful
candidate for a third term if be had so desired
But he regretted the necessity thatesused his coun
try to call hum from his retirement
would bave relinquished the office, with the con
sentof his countrymen, at the end of his first term.
At the end of his second term he refused to remain
longer {n the place that others were ready to fill—
and many will prepared to perform tts duties

 

Every other American over whose head bas been |

suspended this temptation has succumbed and
welcomed thefopportunity to be the reciplent of this
greatestofecivie honors. If there bean exception
Gen. Taylor would represent, in a measure, that
exception, He objscted and then protested that
he did not want the office, but finally permitted
himself to become a candidate and was elected
to All the offices This candidacy was not furthered
by himself in any way. When urged by a dele
gation of visiting statesmen to visit the North
for electioneering purposes his reply was

“LT would not go across yon ferry to influence
the public to secure mny election. |
have never asjired to the Presidency; tf the people
elect me of ther free choice my humble
services are at their disposal, Uf they elect some
other candidate LT shall not be in the slightest
degree mortified '

Taylor deplored

choice or

own

 

the necessity that com

pelled him to resign his commission in the Army, |

and his election did not compensate him for the
severance of ies that bound him to his comrades
loved, It mag not bein
our

{n arms, and the tife be
opportune, at this era of
when woman's influence is
ful factor in semi public life,to recall the attitude

national history,

recognized as a power

of Mrs. ‘Taylor, in this act of her husband's which |

us soldier and gave
Mrs. ‘Taylor

frontier lite,
practically

took from the Army a fé
to the people the tenth President

had shared with husband his
and had for a quarter of a century

 

      

   

lived in a tent, bis heppy comrade and caretaker
She used all hers ence to prevent @ considera
tion of the proposition made to her husband, and
when he had reached the conclusion that he should
nceept the eall of bis countrymen, she sadly

pointed out to him that his aequired habits as an

army offfver would not permit him to live under
the restraints of life in Washington, and she
repeatedly expressed the fear that if elected his

he shortened by reason of the new re
In her day women
the daily press relative
ro unfitness for public

life woul

were bot interviewed in
to their husband's fitness «

   

office, but \Virs. Taylors opposition to her bus
band's candidacy as freely expressed at her
own fireside She could not but believe that it

savored of disloyalty tothe Army. voluntarily to
resign fromitte take office outside of it) Butshe
respected her husband's sense of duty, while she
bitterly regretted the necessity for such obedience
Gen Taylor lauchingiy warned vivitors to his bar
talk of his can

  

 

 

rack home at Deaton Rouge not t
didacy to Mes Paytor, be a> she had been pray-
ing nightuy for eloet f Henry Clay, and
he added, Itwasthe tir t ‘in her army life that
she had refused te“ bev orders
When ‘Vavlor unimely death oeecurred a
vearant fies niho ater hise'ectiom there were
Sincere mourners am nr ose whe nad kawe!
{ Mra ‘Tacha s oppedtien the plov as she
bad terme dit to take her bind from tie army

ani nominate tim forthe place whieh bad, ina |

 

   
 

 

 

 

 

en-e cr thim hislife The coun-el of his long
time and titul wife would have led him te
resect the Poedden asa place wholly unftitted
forhim, ant. asene® in whi eeould nit add to
| hisurefulness, or vinan po bicrenien
Jackson was the th otra ite man atter Wash
ingtins iime who became at mnt bo renee md |
{ pis services in the fleld He a~ a Volunteer
soldier, whose great success in aris had made
hima heroin the, West ant Southwest, and w «
Nomination Was cir tet fac There have |
been better Presid nts, thous there nevor was a
Greater partisan vilice-distributor in the history
of any republic
Gen William Henry Harrison was the nex
military hero whe reached the lresidency by
wey of the battlefield. fiis unfitness for the
office was such that one month of worry and re-
spomability init hided h
Gen Grants military reputation carried him

 

into the White House and no more eloquent judy
ment has been passed upon bis fitness tor ihe
of Chief Magistrate or his success in per

 

 

   

  

lace
forming ity duties, whan t place assigned him
in histery There he is iked as one of the
greatest Generals of modern times and the state

 

  

ment made regarding his Pre adeney is i liy
the simole anneiun yeni thet he was twiee cted
His faine resta on his achieve
ments ay a soldier No distinetly military man
cao hope to add laurels te bis crown be becoming
President of tha United States. ‘The truth that
they do not is attested in the history of every
soldier who bas held the positten
Military men who have been candidates, and
been defeated as such, bave injured their nuh
tary prestige withoutgaining anythiog inthe pop
ular estimation \mong these defeated Presi
dential candidates have been Gen. Winfleld Seott

  

 

     

      

 

Gen. George Bo McClellan, Gen Winfleld Seott
Hancock All these men bitterly regretted hav
ing run for the office, an office for whieh not one
f then had the training or the temperament
to fill with distinetion
The naval branch of the National military
service lias mot been represented in the list of
Presidential candidates, uniil now, when Ad-
miral Dewey offers bimself as such, There
,can .be ono doubt) that Dewey at the
head oof the navy, stands for thea people's
Aporeckaur f the work of the navy very
thing ta the way of public honors, showe upon
Dewey, bas been meant to emphasize the per
ples admiration for its navy Jo ask him tod
sert the savy and to become a candidate for an
iftiee, ia te whe disaster te him Im the liptit
of historvatwenld bea saerifice which would bring
him: ing adequate ip returr rif he should
he elected — Tt has been sugugeste at those wh
ure him for thas honer should carefully read
over the histories of the men who have t shed
to take this offl these who have succeeded in

 

   

 

being elected, and these who were defeated

Phe record i aful reading

Of oublic men, Uenry Clay's name is alwaye
placed Hirst amour those who sought the Presi
dential onir and foiled to reach it, He had such

 

 

qualiflentions forthe offlee, and bis public services |
had been so distinguished, that his own party
vould not understand bis defeais Yet three
different ti waa this brilliant, marnetic and
nationally popular statesman defenied Von are
living tod vhoo remember the publie grief and |

disapnomiment os tos failure to reach the sum

 

        

   

   

  

 

 

  
      

 

 

 

jomit of his ambition
| Daniel Webster longed for the prize and was
voted for in convention, but the people idk mot
believe that the Presidencs would add anvthing
to his fame lobo tay and Geogee Clinwon, the
| two iret among the many New Vorlers tu be dis
unted candidates, held great ane resvonsible
‘ As e thie { the 1 States
| other a Vice Preshient Naron hurr was
another Vice President. who early }
| sourht to reach the Preside ney
for his mtrvmen, failed of
dafeaied condidates were Charie
Rufus ine, the latter a as
State MeoVowing lim was an
‘man, Danie Oo Tompkins, and
| Crawford and Wiliam Wirt ;
was a disapointed candidate
one--for he withdrew his name
ventheon hays oy Ss fefeatoa
| candidate of the voor In i
i defeated candidiies Fr \
Douglas, Hreckenridive, Pell ¢
Tilden, Cleveland and Ternecn phe wwe
J had been Presidents previcor
Since the beg ing of Presidential rule, now
; over a hunire T yen s the truth that defeat is no
| assurance iWeof ability onof finess f 7
! has been f } t dAnd it} heen clearly
| demonstrated thatouen taken uo hecanse of their
| sudden popularity in other flelds have mot added
{anything of tre te the office ef ¥
| trate And experience has taught the Republic
that the one quality that e Presid heute pros
sess is sound judwement Q’yniet and resolute men
like the stern Washington and the patient Lin
J ecoln have made the hest Presidents, and in the
Providence of Grod, they were called to that high
| office inourtimes ofdireet nationaldanger Other
| patriets have held the office during troublous |
| times, but none has the Shin of State
| over such shoals President and the
j Arst martyred l'resit

Goa -Shearing Machines in Oregon,

ve the Corrailia Time

| Three s
} tion in Benton county
| caas, One of them. or farm
| been able to shear about goate per day,
) Another operated on a band of goats on Soap
| Creek had, luat aeeounts, opi rolled
recordofahont efght per dav. An ex
and ative man enn, in the old-fashtooed way,
| make a daily record of about thirty-Ove gate,

 
 

With more or
fhe (roes
iMty

jase ate.

  

   
     

 

gery

7) ie “ uv ?
oh us oe Pegi he ia ee ae ‘ , Te Pi h
st ed otk al oF MENT EE. Nas.

 

that he!

‘ cr tale
| rps
Vhere was no life saving servicer in those days,

and gladly |

 

| HO percent since they went into the woods

nm, don ior They went as far as Lobster

mn ipany with a erew of lumbermen

} and then struck out alone for the shores of Canco

magormac Lake. fifty miles deeper in the wilder

ness, drawing their food and cainping and hunt
{ng outfits beuind them on handsleds

Mor the first six weeks they had good luck

\ rat stew

At-shearing machines are in opera. |

upal
rienced |

raey Const That Is
Full of Peril for Vessels.
he rom the Philadelphia Record
Mounr Honry, \. Aprils Oneof the most
dangerous spots to the mariner on the Atlantic
coast is Long Beach, on whieh many & stout
ship has been wreeked, and at the worth end of
which stands Barnegat light, whieh for years
has flashed out warnings to the satlor folk notte
Venture too close to the treacherous shoals that es
tend seaward for miles and have always been a
menance to the coastwise trade as well as the
deep water craft from over the sea
Between the two lighthouses that mark the
two extremes of this island beach there have been
hundreds of wrecked within the past
fifty vears, and the list grows with each succeeding
yeardespite the improvements in vessel property
apd the most able seamanship, in an easterly

 

‘nsels

gale, when the sand is flying so thick that the ,

shore line cannot be seen one bundred yards

Away. the life-saving crews are always more alert |

than usualas they feel sure that some unfortunate
vessel will bring up on the beach before the

storm abates. And their experience in the past |
has demonstrated that such om event
than likely to oecur, as the wreeks that line the
shore attest

Nhe dirst wreck of any importance veeurred early
in the present century, when the emigrant ship |
Vowhatan went during a territh

 

and all on beard the ship perished th an attempt
to reaeh the shore, which was strewn nest morning
with the bodies of the unfortunate passengers |
who had come to seek their fortunes in Amernes
Many of them had considerable gold on their
persons and the story gow that some of the wreck
ers who had come over the mainland to assist
in the rescue turned pirates then and there, and |
robbed the bodies of everything of value

Sinee that day there have been many such |
disasters, but the stain then placed on the Barne
eat pirates, as they were called, has long since been |
Wiped out by many gallant deeds and the saving
of many lives from the fury of the storm by these
hardy longshoremen, who are always ready to take
their lives in their hands when duty calls

At Harvey Cedars, a well known fishing resort
Just above the lite saving station of that name
the current sets in strongly toward the shore
and has not only wooed many @ vessel to its last
Testing place on the sands, but has brought in

many strange bits of wreckage which teil their
owl Story of disaster Phese have all been
gathered by Dave White, the proprietor of the

only hotel in that vietmity, and piled up in a con
glomerate heap beyond the reach of the storm

fides that sometimes sweep across the beach
With resistless force. Inimense spars, all sorts
of cigizing. blocks, anebors, chains, sails, &e. |

are piled up on one side, while on the other part |
of the heap can be found all sorts of articles from
f# medicine chest to a child's cradle ‘The carved
figure of a Norwegian maiden, the figurehead |
of a foreign vessel wrecked here several years
ago, Stands out in bold relief tis life size |
the carving is especially filme Welie hiuiters
Without number have made all sorts of alluring
offers for it, but Mr White refuses to part with
iT The longshoremen say the figurehead is
“lucky,” and if it is taken away from the beach
disaster will surely follow

here ain't no man bere wants to see that
thing taken away.” remarked Riley Rogers, a
venerable beachcomber, who has lived at Harveys
Cedars for years Fore we got that we hadnt

  

 

noluck ‘There was no wash stuff comin’ ashore
cepup’ now and then a deck load of Jath from
ne them ooners from Brunswick, Georgy
but now things is different. There's plenty o
wreeks Oiniy two vears ago a ship loaded with
peach brandy and wine from Californy 9 cum |
ashore, and everybody had a good time all that
season. Lf got a barrel of the stuff myself, but

it's gone now, If one of them lumber schooners
does feteh up en the beach now it's good bettin
that she's loaded with cord wood in reg lar lengths,
and thatdon t make no extra work, This cutun’
up heavy stuff don't do fer me. Say what you
please, that ate figurehead islucky Right away
after itcome ashore we had agood wreck, asquate
nigwer from Verazil loaded with coffee. The salt
wawr spiled the taste of it, but we sold it, all the
sania, fora fatr price 50 cents a bushel, T think,

 

is there |

 

wegotforit. Twodays later a deck load of yaller

pine sidin’ cum ashore. It was er what we
wanted to fix up the house. There's always
somethin’ a ecomin' in. T picked up a carpenter's

  

chest and a truck full of ecloes other day, but
if you want to see real prosperity jess come down
here when a ship load of rum etrikes the beach
That's the time!

SUFFERINGS OF (TWO TRAPPERS.

Their Food Gave Out in the Maine Woods
and Their Powder Was Lost.

Grrenvinte, Me Aprill3— Two half-starved
Frenehmen who Lad been trapping for animals
far up the West Branch since October were made
happy when they reached Kines a week ago and
learned that the price of fur had gone up nearly
The
inp was a foolhardy adventure undertaken by

Joe Claire, an aged resident of Old Town and

   

and muskrats. They had musk
ipper and breakfast and fried pick
'fopdinuerevery day while the salt pork lasted,
after which they took muskrat stew three times
Luibermen

trapping mink
for s

e

 

 

 
  

 

 

1 an had reported that bear
were plenty around the lake, and after snow fell
the jen spent many days looking for bearsin
t et the needful fat im which tofrythe |
bruin was obstinate and refused |
‘The potatoes gave out ebout New |
ts the two hunters were reduced to a
diet ot Dahed fox and b do muskrat, which was
varied onee or twice a week by the addition of
roast chickadees or Deoiled red squirrels
As the cd becatue more iniense and the ice |
n tt she grew deeper, the muskrats ceased
visit the (raps an’ remained under water most

of the time feeding on the roots of aquatic gra: @83,

 

 

so thatthe men could bave murkrat stew no long
er Phedee was so thick thatit ok hours every
fav to keep the holes open and when the pick
erel failed to come to bait the irenchmen
went to bed hungry All through January the |
father and son lived on roast mink, otter and

foxes with a rabbit now and then for a luxury
Phe stores wi ties had brought into the woods
were all used up, except a little salt, and the out
look for food was not cheerful
Phe climax me night after voung Joe
had returned from an unsuceeseful bunt for any
thing that was edibe They had eaten a frugal
supper of boiled musicrat skins, and young doe
ef bung his powder horn pear the flreplace
dev for the next day, when a spark flew from
the tr logs aml caused an explo-ion that nearly

ame

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

dman He bore bis suffering with

tof patience, but when his son told

ther powder was gone he took the
{directed his son te kill Bim and eat him, |

eb saving one metnber of the family from

vil ob tarvation, Wien the bo refused
‘ an threatened * whe the | b into his |

wn hands and commit srietde oung Joe
finally effected a compromise bo tying his father's:
hands and feet and fastening bim in the bank
with strips of blank |

Treonoaed fortheee days after this and the hunt
er ad toremeainin camp,where they made soup
of white naple bark and eoncocied stews from
dried skins of muskrats As noas the sun!
came out voung doe cut a stil maple sapling |

ond trimmed outa pole about fifteen feet long
After t a fragment of bis red tannel shirt
tooone end, be placed the sitek acroes the top of |
vant stow b- axe in haut In a few
minutes the Canada fave cane around attracted |
bothe bight ctath Whenever one of the birds |
uw fant beran to peck at the flannel doe hit |
the other en fothe pole sharply with the poll
of bis sand a dead jaw fell intotheenow In |

"f ! r be tad estected birds enough te

| roa week \ Canada jay
chen » ! ked in the best stele is little
better than a erow. bat the food would keep olf
arvat and tide them over the cold weathe |
neil tt emuld tfor home Old Joe was a |
vr tirne eing from his burns As soon}
iA retout he wenton the ake and |
iropped k buted withraw jay meat through |
he flea the frost had made. catching

In Pebruary a bear came

doe caught itin a dead

He faten tle carcass and the

swed and boiled pick

nen tenons, making almost
{ \uweleome

and tsh enovghon board

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

   

 

’ for two we ka fatherand
Yup t pels and
‘ ’ Os ceaching la beter Lake they found
! enobe twit the woods on ac
n eodeep on Tn one of the camps
t! nla mil 't) pork in a barrel
in wl : we ted been drowned. That]
night thes fied pukere: for supper the first
) ave verk They completed the
rive an to Northeast Carty without |
1 b md) git e than 8100 worth of
fur rh Theluded in thelot was
t pelt ys silver prae fox which thew sald for
S10 lie dea wl rhtit disposed of itin
Hoston a week later f 20
Iwo Admirers of Shakespeare.
T'rom the Columobtar
A man cf letters who visited Washington re
rently appeared but one Ginner party during
s Phen he sat nest to the daughter of a
vavalaticer  tter vocabulery is of a kind
Dp liar to extremely young girls, but she ratued
away at ¢ famous man without a moments
respite Tt was Curing the pause in the general
conversation that she said to hin Im awfully
stuel n Shakespear® Dont vou think he's
terribly interesting
biversbods Tistened to hear the great man's
reply. for as a Shakespeation scholar he has few
peers Ves,” he said. selen “Lde think he is

 

he ts more than that I
is just simply wo cule for

interesting oT think
think Shakespear
anything,

broke eanip on |
|

 

 

  

 

| PRESIDENCY FOR HEROKS, | 4¥ °#s™ omerareny ee" "© | WAGISTRATE MEADE'S WAY,

| A Spot Off the New

PICTURESQUE JUSTICE METED OUT

TO PRTIY OFFENDERS.

A Notable Voice That Seares Evildoors
Treatment of a Persistent Liar- Hie
Iden of Political Retorm-One Way
ot Making an End of Litigation,

You have to get up mighty early in the morn
ing to fool him said the policeman at the gate,
Kiving «side glance at the stout, heavy man who

 

sal behind the desk waiting for some case to come

before him

The stout, beavy man was Clarence Wo Menace,
City Magierate, and what that particular poltco
an said about him will be echoed by every other
policeman who ever came before him. Further,
if yon except the often deser bed personality of

Mawistrate Mott, vou will hunt along time before |

vou find on the bench a more interesting man
than this same Magistrate Meade

Many a time has @ policeman, who waa over
zealous in his duty, found out how hard tt was
to deceive him. Perhaps the policeman arrested
some boys who had annoyed the police

Using vile language,” the policeman will say
when asked to define the particular kind of dis

orderly conduct

“Whatvile language?’ the Magistrate will ask

"Oh, will be the stammenng reply, “just in
sulting remarks, loud language —vilelanguage,
your Honor

Then will come in tones of thunder from the
stout man behind the desk, every syllable shot
outas if from a cannon

‘Just what vile language”

If the policeman really heard any vile language
he would probab'y be able to repeat tt, At least
that seemsto be Magistrate Meade's idea If
the policeman doesn't reply there comes the final
shot from the judicial heavy gun:

“Discharged”

The policeman slinks back into an obscure cor-
nerof the courtroom and devotes the next fifteen
minutes to trying to wake up from his trance

Mayistrate Meade doesn't waste his voice on
ordinary cecasdons, but when it does shake the
room it's best to stand from under, Only the
other day a woman was brought before the Mag
istrate as a prisoner ‘The complainant was an
old man who lived in the sane house
stolen from him an old wateh valued at 813, but
had repented and confessed promising to pay
in installments for the wateh Indeed, she
had paid several installments, but one of the old

man’s sons had induced him to have her brought |

to court. The Magistrate learned insome was
that the woman had a sick!y nursing child at
home Ile asked a few questions of the com
plainant in an ordinary tone of voice. Suddenly
the voice shook the room

Do you go to ebureh”” he asked the old man,

A little.” replied the old man, who was shiv-
ering b. this time

A little,” repeated the Magistrate in thunderous

tones You ought to go a whole lot

woman away from her child’

The old man stammered out that he thought
he did, and the Magistrate looked over to his clerk
and said softly and sneeringly, “Make out a com
plain

Not two minutes afier that the Magistrate. who
was apparently taking the most intense interest
in an ordinary domestic squabble, wheeled sud
ly around in his chair to the clerk who was
it the complaint for the old man. The
iplainant’s son was prompting the father at
ry question
Is that boy a complainant?” asked Magistrate
Meade in his heaviest tone

The clerk said he wasn't

Hang’ whack! crash’ bang’ smack! bang! went
the Mawistrates gavel on the desk

Take him outside, officers Take bim ous!
Take him out’ (bang! Take lim out of here!
lerash! Take him away [bang!.”

And he went he woman was paroled a mo
ment later and the case was adjourned for two
days. It was an even chance, as the policeman
at the gate said to the reporters, that that com-
plaint would never be pressed

Let a woman come before Magistrate Meade
and she will always receive the greatest con
sideration \ fagr proportion of the cases that

   

 

come before the City Magistrates arise out of the |

troubles of married life’ Tlardly a day. passes
in any court in the city when some husband is
not taken to court to show why he doesn t support
his wife. Magistrate Meade joes into every
partleularof such acaseand no neglectful husband
mets outof his reach without having made a prom
toe to do bis best to support bis wife and family

A neatly dressed young colored woman iot 4
warrant the other day for her husband, whom
she changed with baving abandoned her ‘The
man Was a waiter, beld a geod job, and was a fine |
looking young fe “ The woman said he had |
left her two weeks betore lhe Mawistrate looked

at the pair outet
called them up before

 

seormer of his eye and
hag

then

  

 

Now,” said he to the man, “you area fine look
ing young fellow. well dressed, honest appearing,
industrious looking And you (tothe woman) you
are a picelooking roung girl You ought to
make a good wife to him = Now you take hisarm
and gu home, | Gro make up You people are too
grood to be coming inte a police eourt ou ought

never to come here

The woman looked at her husband and blushed
He blushed. Then they beth grinned and arm
in arm they walked out \ policeman said they
kissed as soon as they were outside the door

The Mavistrate meanwhile leaned back in his
chair and hummed His is a yrreat deep mutiled
hum He hums a snatch or twe, a bar or two,
after almost every case
bridge says he does it to clear his mind Take
Mayristrate Meade in the opening hour when the
courtroom is crowded witli the usual bateh of over
night drunks and disorderly women After every
three dollarcor five d ‘lar fine whieh is bis usual
punishment for those who drink too much--he
will hum until the nect prisoner faces him Then

  
 

 

the Mag ver and glances at the pris
oner atthe complaint papers, one at
the policeman, and then

"Where'd you find this man?”

And so it goes

Che Magistrate a Republican from the old
Ninth Assembly distnet- once a stronghold
for those of that political faith And he nas been

and is an sective Republican. The son indaw
of Fredenck S. Gibbs, he lias always taken part
in every campaign. Once for his. activity he

was rewarded with the ollce of Port Warden-- but
that is apart from this story. In 1495 he, with
the othe justices, as they were,then called,
was legisiated out of office Je is not a re
former in politics

I remember,” he said the other day- and no
one will dispute that his memory is a wonderful
thing “I remember going to one of those reform
meetings over in Cooper Union when they were
making the great fuss aboutthe Mnrgistrates
They said, vou know, that we Magistrates sat
inour private rooms with the district lenders
before the opening of court and that the district
leadere marked off what cases we were to punish
and what we were to let wo, so that all we had te
do was to come oution the beneb and shout out
the sentences Well, at one of these meetings
over in Cooper Union a man got up and deseribed
what he thought was a travesty on justier

“Why, he said, ‘the other day | was nding
in an Fighth avenue car A oman refused to get
out of my way. The nan said he wouldn't step
aside formeorthe conductor Thad him arrested
That was on Saturday The next morning I
went to church as usual When [ went around
fo the court at noon they told me court was ad
journed and the man had been discharged be
cause there was no wiiness against him

“What do vou think of that’ asked Magistrate
Meade. "To think court couldn't wait) until
that man got there from church’

Mende turned around to hia cerk, who verified
the story The Magistrate continued

 

 

We were legislated out of offen What did
that reform do, do von think? Well, TM show
you

IIe took from the drawer two envelopes, one
f which wae printed or engraved
‘Seventh Duatriet, Police Jusuce’s Court;
other, of toferior paver had on it, “Seventh Dis
trict, Cltw: Magistrate's Court

Thot.” seid the Mayristrate. “is what that re
form «did lt merely changed those envelopes
Now we have yy ivelones than we had
That's the only difference Reform did that”

They tell a story of Magistrate Meade which
pretty well sums up his character whether the
story is true or n And this itis: A witness
who insisted on lying anpeared before the Mag
«trate in the | « Market police court The
Mawis‘rste } ie witness was lying
evervbody else in eourt Magis'raw Mende re
tired to his private office and summoned the ig
ast noleeman in the int squad

“Reng me that witness,” he said

"The man was br

Now “said Mae

“inke off y

Th

 

n rner

 

 

      

 

 

 

Ae tothe pol
stand wristeoat’

riaert at the order
witness heran to
nhesa

 

eman
uur ¢
wae sur
oboved. The lving
Hetrembloteven mom wh
take off hie owr ind waisteoat

“Now” said the Magistrate. “we are going to
pun the vory devel out of thia miserable Iiar
Te will be good exercise, don't wou think so?"

The cop grinned as he rolled up his sleeves
The witness, who wae by that time rapidly ar

but he
tremble
wthe Magistrate

nt
ie

 

   

  

proaching colla bern to stitter out what
wae the true story When he had taken hack
ell his bes he wee released and turned out on the
«street probable with a very wholes respect
for ineticn ra she was administered be one Meade
City Maristirite

hat {the man whe told the stores to Tier
Sty reporter, "maw not he ecnetly recording to
rule and reeulation. but it anaes all right It was
very opr n}

Anva ty, itwoatt rmtoeof Magistrate Meade

Matters of Interest Concerning Horses

are more fully and ably treated in Tar Srx's
news colurons than in any other medium. Ad-
vertising thus becomes more valuable in Tig
BUN for obvious reasons. Remem ber this,—Ade,

————

 

}
She had

Do vou |
know what vou are doing in bringing this poor |

 

| his
| stick by

The policeman on the |

 

| Dr

the |

So did |

  

 

CONTRACT RIGHTS OF PASTORS,

 

 

Famous Case That Once Disturbed
Presbyterian Authorities.

SARATOGA Sprunos, April 18.--The Rev.
Dr. Peter Stryker, whose death at Asburr
Park was announced tn
days ago, Twas for several yeard§the pastor
of the First) Presbyterian Church of Sare-
hoga His pastorate ended something like
fourteen or fifteen years ago, after a contest be

| KIT

Tae SuN a few, With Five Compante

   

   

CARSON'S HARD FIGHT.

 

BATTLE OF ADOBE WAIILS,
HE HAD TO RETREAT.

Wry

 

of Soldiers tt.
Encountered Several Thousand I
diane--Efforte of the Warriors to hk);
Him-The Fight Lasted = All

Denver, April 12 “Kit Carson was 4 pretty

Day,

tween the pastor and his congregation, which | good Indian fighter, and there are people ») «
was waged so long and so bitterly that the church | think he never was licked by them; but I was ic
became famous among Presbyterians all over | the hard fight at Adobe Walla in the fall of |My

the country. And the contest will be remembered

| when he had to retreat,” aaid JW Simpaon, 4

probably for many years to come by the clergy | veteran of the plains who came up to Denver 4

of the Presbyterian faith, because of the position | short time ago from New Mexico.

taken by Dr. Stryker in reference to the duration
of the pastorate of a Presbyterian minister. He
asserted, and, so far as is known, the assertion
was never made before in the Presbyterlan Churoh
in the United States and has never been made since,
that a minister who accepted 4 call from @ Pres-
byterian congregation entered into @ contract,

“TL belonged
to Company K, First California Valunteers, ay 4
our regiment was stationed at Fort Union, \ow
Mexico, that season The Indians were preity
bad then and had ambushed a umber of wag in
trains, killing the people with them, besides do
ing much other mischief, Kit Caron was Cop
onel of @ regiment of New Mexioo volunters,

which could only be terminated by the minister's | and had been detailed to go out and puriah the

death or at his pleasure, The congregation,
according to Dr, Stryker, could not terminate
the contract Lf they wanted to, so long as the pas-
tor desired to stay.

The trouble between Dr, Stryker and his con-
gregation originated much in the same way that
the trouble between the late Dr. John Hall and
the congregation of the Fifth Avenue Pres
byterian Church of New York originated.
‘The First Presbyterian Church here is to Sara-
toga what the Fifth Avenue Church is to New
York. The congregation t9 wealthy and ite in-
dividual members more or leas critical, They
are not such sticklers over doctrine as they are
over good preaching. They rather incline to
a pastor who preaches without notes, but ff he
insistson writing his sermons his congregation
is somewhat insistant upon original thought and
expression, If the Saratoga Presbyterians can
be sure of two good sermons every Sunday they
won't lay it up against their pastor tf he doesn't
make numerous pastoral calls during the week,
In fact, if they had to choose, they would prefer
that their minister would be long on sermons and
short on calls,

When Dr, Stryker came to Saratoga to succeed
the Rev, John P. Newman, who inherited an es

tate and had to go tu attend to it, bis preaching
was guite acceptable, He brought his sermons
with hime into the pulpit, but they had been care
fully prepared and were fairly well delivered,
so no fault was found, The first year’s pastorate

marauders Three companies of the California
regiment were detailed with the two companies
of Carson's regiment.the Californians being uncer
the command of Major McCleave
companies BB, M, and K

“One night while in camp one of the seonte
came in and reported an Indian village of about
one hundred and fifty wigwams some eeht or
nine miles distant, near Adobe Walls, one of the
landmarks of that region. At one tw it was @
trading post, but had been abandoned, and nothing
but the roofless walls remained standing We had
orders to move that night, but I guess if Carson
had any conception of the number of Indiang
he was to encounter we would not have heen or-
dered out. We had only five companies of mounted
troops and a small battery of twelve pound how:
itzers, and we ran into @ swarm of Indians the)
was astonishing, for, as we learned afterward,
all the Indians in that part of the country were
thers, ‘They drove us back to the fort, though
we lost only two men, and had only abonta doze
wounded We slaughtered a lot of them, but
there were so many that the number we killed
did not seem to be missed

“We started out that night soon after dark,
It was Nov, 24 After ecrowsing the Canadian
River we halted on a flat, waiting for daylight
The seouts went out to feconnoltre and shortly

They were

| alter daybreak came in and said that the Indian

ran dato the second and the second inte the third. | village was just over o ridge that we could see

During that time the Doctor who was much inter
ested in temperance, began to write much on
temperance topics,
into religious poetry and occasionally he would
compose the music and words of a hymn He
seemed toexperience no difficulty in finding amar
ket for bis prose and his verse and bis musie, and
rumor had itthat the income therefrom was equiv
alent to his salary

By the end of the third year there was @ per
ceptible falling off in the attendance at the ser
vices. ‘The Second Presbyterians bad a pastor

 

who was 4@ fine preacher and has since won a high |

reputation as a college professor and an after
dinner speaker in New York The Methodisu
were also strong on pulpit oratory, and First
Presbytenans were more often found in
these churches than in their own, When asked
why they wandered from their denominational
fireside, ihe common reply was

Dr Stryker has turned bis barrel upside down,
but he hasn't shaken it We want something
new

Vhis state of things continued until finally the
very practical Hoard of ‘Trustees of the [rst
Chureh had found that
equal to the disbursements
resorted to in order to give the revenues a boost,
and when these failed the trustees had a very

frank talk with Dr Stryker, in which they told |

him that they had come to the cenelusion that
the only soludon of the church's financial problem
was for him to resign. ‘The Doctor's answer was
sent straight from the shoulder. In substance
it was

“I'm very sorry, gentlemen
clusion, because T hold my pastorate for life
cannot terminate itif vou would.”

That was the end of the first round of a fight
which continued for more than a year, and only
ended through the lack of endurance on the part
of the parson. ‘The trustees were a pretty hard-
headed lot of citizens, representative men of the
town and mostof them rich, Among them was
Gen. Winsor Bo French, an able lawver and the
present Postmaster of the town; Judge Charles
S. Lester, the attorney for the late A Stewart;
Dr Tabor Bo Reynolds, Alexander S. Hays and
the late Dr Charles C. Wells. They pulled them-
selvas together after the intended knockout blow

if this is your con-
You

  

of the pastor and determined to see, first, whether |

a majority of the congregation wanted the Doctor
to remain or not; and then, of the majority didn't,

the trustees decided to find out whether or not | 2

ther couldn't get rid of the preacher
Accordingly a congregational meeung was
called) Dr Stryker had his friends as well as
the trustees, and each side was outinforee. The
Doctor insisted on presiding at the meeting, so
that he wouldn't miss any of the arguments of
enemies. Judge Lester finally decided to
his pastor, and was the leader of the
pro-Stryker forces. Mild, persuasive, insinuat
ing, he argued for the retention of the pastor
Ger. Freneh was the leader of the opposition
The General's arguing is of the strenuous style,
and he rather believes in calling things by their
proper names Fle did so at that meeting, and
he was ably assisted by Dr Reynolds and Dr
Wells Dr Reynolds insisted that the Albany
Presbytery should be asked, as quickly as a com

mittee could be sent from Saratoga to Albany, |

‘pereniptoniy to dissever the relations between
pastor and people ”

\n impossible procedure,” remarked = Dr.
Streker from the platform

The teniperature of the church lecture room

grew warmer every minute. Finally, Dr Wells

arose, made the shortest speech of the evening,
but one which required an {mmediate adjourn
ment at its close to prevent possible violence be
tween the factions. fe said

“The thing that we want to know now and
purpose to know is, whether temperance societies,
religious newspapers and hymn book publishers
are going to have half of our foafor whether we're
to be permitted to eat allof what we nay for.”

It proved utterly impossible for the two factions
to settle the question to decide which the meeting
wascalled andeo the meeting broke upin confusion
This was followed by meetings at intervals of over
a year, and so great was the advertisement these
meetings got as places of entertainment that
Saratogians, irrespective of denomination, at
tended them in preference to the theatre. Pres
bytery was appealed to and committees were
appointed to examine into the question raised
by Dr Stryker to determine what the Church law
on the subject was. The committee was unable
to determine definitely, but the opinion was ex
pressed that Presbytery could declare the pulpit
vacant, if. in its opinion, the good of the Church
required it

Brieta and other formidable docnments were
submitted to Presbytery by both sides and the
Fin came upon anaverage of aboutonce a month
inally

 

 

case cave avery evidence of assuming the tm
portance which the Bnggs case did later. Whether
Stryker concluded that he didn’t want
the notoriety attendant upon a submission of the
case to the court of last resort in the Presbyterian
Church was never made known, but one day he
served notice on the trustees that he would join
with them in a petition to Presbytery to dissolve
the relationa between pastor and people, and that
ended the fight

 

TOLD BY SENATOR VEST,

 

The Scotch Missionary, the Cannibal Indians

and the Church of England,
From the Washington Post

A very remarkable story was told by Senator
Vest of Missouri a day or two ago

“The most pathetic scene | ever witnessed in
my life.” said he. “was the outcome of a very sin-
gular and curious condition of affairs. Up in
British North America there was a@ tribe of In
diana under the ccutrol of native sorcerers, and
practising all manner of savage rites. Among
other were cannibals <A
Scot went amoug them,
and at the risk wi life civilized them. Ile
taught them every dogma of our religion except
the Lord's work bad been

win them from cannibalism, to teach them that
capturing and then roasting and devouring hu
man beings was barbarous He was, therefore,
afraid to acquaint them with the sacrament of
the Lord's Supper, beeause they would, in turn,
ask bim why it was wrong to eat each other and

things these Indians

hman, named Duncan

of his ¢

Supper Hits great

   

yetapartefreligion toeattheirGold He doubted
his ability to explain the matter satisfactorily
to ther untetered minds, and so, for fear that
the. would regard bim as an impostor and return

to their barbare

» Ways, he let the matter rest
This was not sa

factory,

 

 

continued Senator

Vast, as he told the story, “to the Governor of the
movinees Of Vaneouver or the Bishop of the Eng
ish Choureh, beth of whom demanded that he
should either administer the sacrament or else

give up his lay ministry tin the Church  Dunean
explained the reasons which had actuated bun,
but th were not accepted aa sulficient. He
ried to the highest authorities of the Church

 

  

 

wiand and was overruled He went back
to lis Indians and asked them if they would ac
company him t \lasks, where they could be
under e& fla that guaranteed religious freedom
\lroost the entire tribe of 1.200 Indians decided
tof wohir .

Wien | was there the Indians were taking
the doors from off their houses, the sashes from
their windows and their seanty furniture from |
their roodus, preparatory to aailing away in their
great canoes, in order to start life ower again
In A new eountrs It was as I have said, the
most pathetic scene [ ever witnessed It was |

more than this,” added Senator Vest, speaking
with almost vehement emphasis ‘It was the
most conspicuous example of religious prejudice
end fenaticism I have ever known.”

fey ST

one of |
right after the soldiers

' commotion for a time

| suers

the revenues were not |
Various means were |

| retreat
| for in numbers

it was decided to refer the whole matter |
to the General Assembly for final decision, and the | held to conside
| again or not

| out any

aboutamileaway Camp was made, the wagons

Now and then he would drop | rounded in a circle about the equipage and plans

were made by the officers for the attack, Com.
pany M was sent across the river to scout down
its bank. and Capt Fitz with Company 1) was

sent to the front to size up the situation

“When the company reached the top of the
ridge, they came to 4 halt, stood there for a short
time, and of » sudden every man turned toward
the camp, retreatung at full gallop. It looked
serious then, and more so, when a big band of

warriors came charging over the ridge gestcu
Jating and shouting in a bleod-curdling manner
You see the Indian
scouts had discovered the presence of our foros
and when Capt. Pitz got to the up of the ridge
the Indians were advancing ‘There was great
Then Company 1) came
to ahalt, faced about and charged on their pur
‘The Indians were taken by surprise,
and wheeling about ran away Fitz foil wee
them five milas before the company came to @
halt, driving them to Adobe Walls, where there
was another village of 600 lepees The piace
was swarming with several thousand Indians
who began to charge upon the company and had
the wen nearly surrounded and cut off from re-
ueat to the camp

“When Capt Fitz was seen chasing the Indians,
Major MeCleave rushed after them alone and thie
made the rest of us impatient to join in the chase;
but Carson gave orders for the remaining com-
panies to stay with him. However, the membera
of Company K, who were already mounted, man-
aged by 4 bit of strategy to get away shorty
very man spurred his horse and they got the
animals so restless that the company officers were
crowded away from the place, and finally an old
charger wat had been in several engagements
staried offon a min toward the sound of the firing
The rider, apparently, tried very hard to control
the horse, but was giving him the spurs at
every jump. The restof us followed his exaniple,
and in les@ than two minutes every man in the
company was following the other soldier toward
the scene of the skirmish, paying no attention to
the shouts of Carson to come back
‘Well as it happened, we got there in Just the
*koftime. ‘The men were surrounded, or nearly
av,and were fighting bard toescape ‘The Indians
saw us coming and dropped back and that gave
the company a chance to get outof the trap

“Leaving one company to guard camp, Carson
gathered his forces and made a charge, and it
was 4@ tremendous rush, too We killed quite a
number of the Indians, but came very near get.
ting being surrounded. Until 3 o'clock in. the
afternoon there was acontinuous skirmish. Some
times the Indians would come at us in @ bunch

| and get within close range, but our shots were so

telling that they did not remain together. None
of their plans worked, for we just hung together
and finally. at 4 o clock, a consultation was held
by Carson and Met leave and it was concluded to
‘The Indians were overwhelming]y super
but being poor shots were afraid
w get within range of our rifles. ‘They were
armed with rifles, mostly, but were poorshots
as they were unsccustomed to flrearms,and learned
a lesson so severe whenever they came near
to us that they were afraid to get very close That
was probably whatsaved ts from being butchered
‘When we withdrew, we found two of our nun
ber missing ‘They must have been killed in the
first charge on the village, for when the Indiena

| made one of their charges we saw two of their num:

ber untformed in the clothes of the missing men
After taking a view of the situation, while stop-
ping fora breathing spell at a safe distance, Car-
son concluded to go over to the smaller village and
burn the tepees None of the Indians was there,
all being down at theother village. Thera were
about 150 of the lodges, we found, and one of
them was filled with ammunition, which we blew
up. Inone of them we found a fine carriage and &
new set of double harness. Flivery tepee and all
of the stuff found about them were fired. When
the Indians saw the smoke of their burning wig-
wams curling skyward they grew frantic and the
entire mob came at us witha vengeance Carson

| ordered the howitzers in posttion and the situation

 

ed more serious than at any previous time.
The valley was black with the howling crowd,
looking like » big wave,sWeeping toward us with
irresistible force ‘The companies wera masse
about the battery when one of our bulleta must
have struck a chief All atonee the crowd swayed
over to one side and gathered in a spot covering
about five or ten acres of ground The howilvere
woured shells into the mass, scattering then

hen they retreated

“Aa it was nearing night, a counct! was again
whether we should attack them
Some of us felt that we had them
on the run and wanted to follow them up = Carson,
however, decided it was best to retreat, ae it was
so near nightfall The men were tired and hun
ry, as they had been in the saddle fighting all

 

  
 

 

 

day without a bite to ent. se it was dectded to
retreat to the wagon train But it grew dark,
and we could not locate cur camp Finely,

after travelling for a while, it was concluded i
camp on the prairie for the night \ he w
Rquare was formed and we had dismounted. when
some one saw A small light ata distance, thoug
to be our camp. The bugler sounded a few s) rill
blasts and others were wafted to us from the dires-
tion of the fire in anewer w our call Then we
moved on and reached the camp lhe five wae

 

 

 

 

put out and we all slept by our arms { horses
intil daybreak, when we retreated towart th
fort, not stopping unul 10 o'clock, when we four

   

a good camping place. Then for the rett
in over {ifty hours some of tte took a meal
“Some of the officers and men wanted to go
back and have another fight with the Indians,
but Carson said there was no use, as there were
too many of them, so we retreated to Fort Union
Afterward we learned that all the Indians in st
art of the country had congregated at Ade
Valls There were Comanches Arapal
Kiowaa and Cheyennes. It was one of the
gest Indian fights that ever took place on
plains | think one thing that made the Indiar
fear us was that Kit Carson was i

 

discovered
be in command and they wera afraid of him Hi
became the target tor many of their rifles att
outset Tle had two horses shot under him ar
half a dozen bullets struck hia gun and sadeie

aeecse?

  

At the sugm@estion of Metleave he tock off bl¢
hat. a conspicuous light-colored, broad brime {
one, and evchanied it for the hat of one of the
awite The scout bad bis rifle broken n
} Indian bullet after that, which showed conclusive
ly to us that they were after our commander m r@

than anybody else

 

 

“The Indians had been incited be mnegaces
living among them. [ remember during ove
of their charges, during a lull in the firing ona
of their number shouted in good English = You
will get something besides New Orleans molase@
on this trip’ However, old Kit had her

 

chance at the Indians later on and had consider
able satisfaction T think 1 have clear
oue of the tribes alone, but several thc

saud warriors were too much for our amall bond®

Killed by One of His Snake Pets.

From the Minneapolis Teidune

 
 

Greesvitns, Mich, April{.--Percy Seionts,
who was bitten on Thursday by a moecasia
snake, died Saturday night) He was a proe

| fessor of art and rinwe in the Greeny! @
sehool, but had a love for reptiles, fe had
} several boxes of different kinds of venomoua
snakea, Which he kept in his house. and every
dav let them outin tis roomea and plageal weh
them He handled them, and on cold nights
took them to bed with him and placed them

next his bodgto keep them warm, [t waawh. @
he was having the mocessin out fn the room
that he waa bitten, He attempted to wet the
snake back (nto the cage, and touched the
reptile’s tall, whoa it sprang ead bit him,