SOUTHERN STRIKE, A FIZZLE,

TRAINS MOVING PRACTICALLY OV
TIME ON ALL DIVISIONS.

Even the Freights Are Late Only a Few Mo-
ments—All the Centres Report TraMc Mov-
ing as Usual-Some Telegraphers Say They
Have Been Deceived in the Matter,

Attanta, Go, April 14—Tho Atlanta
officials of the Southern Railway say thoy
know nothing about the telegrapher's strike
except what they read in the papers They
ay that it is all over, and they areas busy 4s
can be carrying passenwors and freight,

Prealdent Powell of the Order of Railroad
Telegraphers, on the other bani, says that the
strike is effective ou the entire Southern sys-
tem. He says the mon will stay out until the
eom pany is willing to yield.

Supt. Vaughan sald to-day that there ls no
interruption in either passenger or freight
traMflo, The railroad hauled more cars yoster-
day than it did for the corresponding day io

1800,

There is one fact that the operators cannot
@ainsay and that is that trains are arriving and
departing to-duy witb little delay, the situa-
tion being improved over that of yesterday.

Corumara, 8. C., April 14.—Telegraphers
and. other union menu are — reverely

i the management of lresident
wen the Order of Railway Tele-
@raphers

He soems to have ordered the
strike after having misled the operators
into thinking the order

Win Ofe
ganized and that

Wel

other railroad prapiorers
would join them. It looks as if Mr. Powell,
havin,

made promises to the mon, an having
failed to get recognition from the officials o
the Southern, ordered a strike to save himself
from shoulderipg the responsibility for defeat.
Asa matter of fact, there was no organization
except on a few hundred miles of main lines.

The strike in this state-a netework of
Bouthern roads with the Columbia, Charies-

n and Rrartanbure divisions is @ flzzie,
Pratiene Powell's blg assortions have eaused
many operators to get buncoed. Several of
thoae who did not get back to work within the
two-hour time limit given by Bupt. Welles tn
this division have since Degund to be
reinstated Meantime Powell ta giving
out {nterviews in Atlanta, saying that
every member of the order had struck, He is
quoted in onu despatch as saying the onginesre
and trainmen on the Colnmbia division
refused to work under ‘scab’ operators
and “wild” orders, This fa pure invention,
The old operators are at thelr posts and
freights and passenger trains moving regis
larly with no intimation of trouble with any
railroad men. :

CHatTranooaa, Tenn., April 14.—During last
pight the rallrond telegraph wires were cuton
the Knoxville, Memph!s aud Atlanta divisions
ol the Nouthern Kaiiway. ‘The trains are
practically on time, except freights

Cuar.orre, N. C,, April 14.—The etrike situ.
ation, so far as the Charlotte diviston of the
Southern Ratlway fs concerted, is unchanged,
pf one ortwo srval! stations where operaors

ve been sentto fil! places vacated by strik-
ers, the citizens have refused to give board |
and lod ing to the new men, Such stations
Will be closed,

UNION

 

DICTATION,

PRINTERS

They Are Refusing to Set Up Strike News That
Is Distusteful to Them,

Cnarorre, N. C,, April l4.—A union printer
of thia city received the following telegram to-
night from Chief Powell of the Telegraphers,
who is conducting the Southern Railroad

strike,

"Understand union printers are refusing to
set up belly-wash furristie! by Routhern Rall-
way in their attempt to defeat us. Might take

this up io your town,”
owen W. V. Power, Atlanta.

INJUNCTION AGAINST STRIKERS,
Mine Owners Veared Violence and Secured
the Protection of the Court.

.

WitkeEs Barne, Pa, April 14.-—Thereis fear
of trouble with the striking miners of the Temple |
Iron Company at the Harry FE. and the Forty |
Fort collieries, ani today the olficials secured |
an injunction to restrain the men from doing any
damage to the mine and from trespassing on the
company's property Vhis is the first time in the |
history of this region that an injunction las beea
asked forin astrike. The strikers, who expected
@ speedy agreement to their demands, are much |
annoyed at the company’s refusal {) recognize
them as members of the United Mine Workers,
and they threaten that if the trem who are
atill at work, do mot quit they will draw the fires
themselves, Lf the pumps are not kept going
the mines will fll with water pa
does not want to take auy nmsk, there ere tow
guard ai the workings »e deputy sheriff
a lot of company men, aad & close Walch I
kept on the stiikers

he strikers, Wl gr
to the officials te day, asx foran ineree
in some cases as mich a4 25 celts © das
increase from 8 ceits to $l for eaeh ear of ¢
It is not expected that the compan) tthe
request. The nm ' ‘ inub cv who
wenton asympatuy strike 5 lay returned to |
work to-day.

aie as the ¢ |

”

um
and
being

; wer
and an |

ul si
jilegr

ESCAPED WHILK THB DEPUTY SLEPT,
Erle County's Sheriff Allowed a Prisoner to
Stay In Private Apartments,

Purvaro, April 14.—Lewis H. Cole, a Buffalo
real estate dealer, who was arrested In acivil
action several weeks ago charged with de-
frauding Charlotte A, Bridgwood In a deal for
some Kentucky land, escaped from custody
to-day, and as a result Sheriff Kilgallou may
be compelled to pay the $4,000 damages de-
manded in Mra. Bridgwood’s complaint, Cole
iaacripple, using crutches, and although he
has furnishe! no ball, he has not been con-
fined in the jatl. He preferred to pay for
apartments for himself and twodeputy sherifts
instead in @ private house In Seventh street,
where they bave been for some time awaiting
thetrial of the action. Sheriff Kilgallon has
claimed that he saved the county money by
this acheme, ag Cole would require hospital
treatment at inersased expense iN panee in
jall. The Sheriff alone was responaslble in case

of escape. .
Deputy Sheriff Barry watched Cole SP Thurs-
eGiveny
rry awakened

Jay night, while Deputy Sherif

sept. Yosterday morning

Meodiveny when he went off duty, but Mo-
Givney want to sleep again, Cole grasped {s
opportunity, dressed and left the house. H
boarded a car to Perry street fad en crosae:
theriverto Canada, It la belley e will fuga
up in Toronto, where his wife now is, fe
mailed « letter at Fort Erie, Canada, to under
Sheriff O'Connor, saylog that he wou} be on
hand for his trial. This {9 not credited, how.
ever, Deputy sheriffs are searching Canadian
towns for hit,

SALMAGUNDI SALE OF MUGS,

Naegele Decorated the Mug That Brought the
Highest Price.

The Salmagundi Club had on Friday, at the
clubhouse, 18 West Twelfth street, a dinner
and an auction salee! mugs that were decor-
ated by members of theclub, The dinner was
presided over by President George H, MoCord
and the guest of honor was Marks Volkmar,
the potter, of Corona, L, I. Mr, Volkmar is a
mewber of tho club, He made the mugs,
After the dinaer and a lot of speechmaking,
Brace Crane, who had volunteered as auc-
tioneer, took his plice beside the plano, on

the topof which the twenty-four mugs were,
and began to ory the sale. The rightof first
selection from the lot was putup Uret, The
bids started at $10 apd jumped to a hundred so
quickly that [t wasn’t poss! ble to keep track of
them, One hundred dollare was the highest
bid. It was made by George Innaes Jf. and he
chose a mug decorated by Char elerick
Naegole, It took Jess than balf ae bour to auc-
tion off the lot and they averegwd ip price about
$30, Among the artists who bainted the mugs
were George H. McCord. L. ©. ale. .T. Van
Laor, J.C Tyler, T. B. Craig, W. H. Hows, W.
C. Pitler, Mr. Yets.a Japanese member of the
ciub, and Thomas Moran.

It was announced at the dinner that two an-
nua! prizes of $300 each had been offered, to be
awarded at the club's spring exbibision each
year. One prize is offered by Samu! T. Shaw
and the pleture that wins it is to go to him aud
the other {s offered Ly George Inness, Jr, the
picture togototheclub, The exhibition is to
take plaee within a month.

BOY'S STORY OF A ROBBERY.

Wanted to Steai Money From a Toy Bank and
Got Up a Lively Yarn.

Matney, Mass., April 14.—Arthur Straw, @
thirieen- year-old boy, had an astonishing story
for lls parents last Wednesday night upoo
thelr return from an entertainment. Arthur
was left in charge of the house and his
younger sister, Tho story Arthur told
was that after putting his slster to bed
he went downstairs and saw a man’s jegs Dro-
truding from under the kitchen table. He
grabledapoker and attacked the man, who

roved to bea negro. Aftera ptruggle the rob-
ver overpowered the Loy, stashed his face with
a knife, (brew him down cellar, and then went
to robbing the house. The boy, Intent on
saving his gteter. crept upstairs and locked
her room. Another encounter with the burg-
lar was the result, the boy valnly etriking at
the jutruder with the poker, Whoch he bad se
cured again, The erles of the boy for help
aarmed the burglar and be made Dis escape,

Ihe police tnvestiguted the case and the bo
went over the ground of the struggle with
them. He showed them the drawers that had
bgen rifled, a window siposnee, several pieces
of his mother’s jewelry L ing under it and his
fuce severely cut. Yesterday, after rigid
cross-examination, hea confessed that he him-
solf was the real burglar, having turned the
house upsive down, sevrateled bis face with a
comband smashed the winduw. His object was
to get money from f toy bunk without directing

suspic.on to himself,

BROOKLYN ELKS' CARNIVAL,
LUshered in Last Night With a Remarkable
Torchlight Procession,

The celebration of the seventeenth anniversary
of the organiz of the Brooklyn Lodge
of with an Industrial Exhibition
and MM @way Carnival on the o!d cireus grounds

ition

hiks

 

SUIT OVER UNION PICKETS,

Fort Wayne Merchant to Try to Find Out ff
They May Interfere With His Trade,

Inpravapocrs, April 14.-Action was begun |
fn the courts of Port Wayne to-day which is |
designed to test the right ef a labor union to
place itsagents near # man's business house
and appeal to patrons not ¢ trade with
him because he refuses to obey the union's or-
ders, Louis Fortalda isa prosperous merchant

ofthat city and he had a large trade among |
the laboring people, a heavy part of this being |}

from 6 to 10 o’elnek on Saturday nights, The
clerks formed aunion.and demanded that he
close his store att) P. M., which he declined to
do. The labor unions took up the Ueht against
the merchant, and for several weeks have had
men stationed nearthe store to piaad with Cua.
tomers notto buy of him, alleging that he is
opposed to union Jaborand the principles upon
which it was founded

The agitators became ao bold that they stood
on the sidewalk in front of Fortelde # Rioreand
defied him to prevent them from fotecfering
with his bus!ness. The constant friettun be.

tween customers and the union men caused |

women to fear for their safety, and borteide at
last appealed to the Court, Uling a suit for
damages in the sum of $10,000 and asking for
Qn injunction agalust the unton,

ALLEGED COUNTERIEITER TAKEN,
His Little Daughter Tried to Pass a Bogus
810 Gold Plece,

John J. Henry of the Treasury Department
Becnet Service Bureau caused the arrest yesterday
of Giovanni Angeloni, ao Italian jewellerand
goldsmith of Carmine street, on 4 charge of coun-
terfeiting a ten dollar gold piece, Angeloni's
twelve year old daughier, l'rances, was arrested
on Friday for attempting to pass thecoin. When
questioned by the Iederal officers after her arrest,
ehe fainted away two or threetimes, She acknowl-
edged that her father had given her the money
and insisted that be was 4 tailor.
turned over to the Gerry society. Angelont has
the reputation in the Italian community of being
an expert goldsmith and manufacturing jeweller
Heis an educated mao. A search of his premises
has, #0 far, not revealed the dies from which the
coin waa struck, but a steel punch was discovered
on the end of which 1 @ six pointed star the exact
ize of the stare upon the eounterfeit cola.

The girl was identified yesterday by (wo persons
upon whow ~ bad attempwd to pre the coin
They were Joseph Versiracten of 16 (larkson
street Mra bk. Jonasobn of 2S Wast Tenia
etreet Late in the afternoon the girl was ad-
mitted to bail, Lawyer Palmieri solug 0 » her bona,

Angeers op bes te eiault of 62 wil for ex-
“tes 4

ret Service Agent Ilazen says that the coun-
terfeit is one of the most dangerous that be has
ever econ, $ itis almost exact in color and weight
the design is excellently executed Fira
cipal ert of differeace from the genuine is

t it te sli

a@htly thicker, Although no avalrsi
been made) i though) that the coin con:
t not more than

or 85 worth of gold,

Mick in the Navy Yard Under Fight-Hour Law,

John J, Wilbig and John Riker, teamstera in
the Brooklyn Navy Yard, resigned yesterday in
order to push a complaint agalust Civil Log!-
neer P. 0, Asserson of the Department of Yards
and Docks on behalf of themselves and aixty
other teamstereand firemen, Thoy allege that
Mr. mn compelled them to work over-
Te eee on of the et Kight-Hour
law and of the orders of John DL. Long, Secre-
tary of the 4 and also that some ofthem
were compelied to work as hostiors in violation

he Civil Bervice law. They say they have
en Workingovertime fora yéar withoutexswa
eom pensation.

Cloakmakers te Form an laternational Uaion,

The eloakmakers of Now York and vicinity
have jesved a eal] for aconvention in this city
beaianing June 3 to form an International
rics, Th, Brotherhood of Oloakmakers of

ew on , Brooklyn, Brownsvilieand Newark
will hold a conference in ‘*o moontime to con.
sider the demanis ° ca for the f

Ne broth. oligo os ot) Pd to ha

° ®
mebivs,

She was |

at Broadway and Howard avenue, to begin
to-morrow aud continue for three weeks,
preceded last night by a big and picturesque
toreblight pa The cavalcade started from
the exposition grounds shortly after & o'clock
aud it made such @ winding tour through the
borough that {t was near midnight when it was
disbanded

Borough President Edward M. Grout rode at
the head of the first division with Troop C @s an
escort. Following was a long string of carnages
containing the loaal and visiting Felks, some of
them coming all the way from Dalumore, ‘Then
came the illuminated Mga, showing some of the
industrial exhibits ‘he Knights of Malta,
Knights of Pythias and other traternal organ-
ivations formed the second division, and the Uiird
was composed of tie Greater New York bicycle
clubs, led by Albert dbchock, once champion six-day
nder of the world. In the fourth division was @
| varied collec tion of wild and tame animals, and

the other midway carnival attractions,

TRIPODAL HOUSE,

Its Three Legs Are All Sea Legs and Trotting
Is One of Its Gaits,

A three-legged horse, born two years ago on
a Boor farm, arrived here last week on the
| Atiantic transport steamship Menominee for
| exhibition at Buffalo Bill's Wiid Weat Show,
The animal was bough! by Frnest Cook and
tuken to London several months ago. On the
rough voyage of thirty days from Cape Town
to London the horse showed that all of its legs
were seategs, Italso behaved like a veteran
ocean crosser aboard the Menominee on her
tumultuous trip of thirteen days from London,
Mr, Cook saya that the bores can “trot,walk and
gallop’ az well as a four-legged horse, and that
tean also perform several tricks, Its third
egis perfect, growing from the centreof its
chest.

 

(ol, John S, Wise’s Daughter to Marry.

Miss Eva D, Wise, daughter of John 8, Wise
of this city, and Mr, James P. Darney of Rich-
mond, Va., are to be married at Cape Charles,
Va, on June 6. An erroneous report from
Rchmoni to the effect that they were mar-
ried on Apri! 11 was corrected yesterday by
Miss Wise'a futher.

You Don’t Know

What absoluie perfection is ate
| tained in genthmen’s dress unless
You have worn site of our ‘Spee
cial individual Suitings.’’ Thowe

sands to select from, no tWo alike; |
no duplicates can be obtained, |

and, what is more, they’re reas
! sonable,

Burnbains Phillips

Cusiom Carloring Ouly,
Cemp's Court Ansex, 9 Nassau $t

| Permanence
In Furniture.

| In our own workshops we make Modern
| Furniture of the sort that has permanent
value. Style true; construction solid,
Both stores filled with examples.
Furntture for any use—for every use,
Furniture from stock— or to order.
Rare Antiques—« notable collection,
Prices—less, perhaps, than you expect.

Schmitt Brothers,

“Two j Cor, 25th St. & 4th Ave.
Stores,

Two
40 East 28¢ St Stores

int ~

ire

was |

THE SUN, SUNDAY, APRIL 15,

BIG FACTORIES SHUT DOWN

NEW YORK MAY LOSE ITS CIGAR-
MAKING INDUSTRY.

Incessant Demands of the Unions for Highe
Wages Have Rendered It Impussible to
Conduct the Manafactare at a Proft
~The Climax Precipitated by a Strike,

The increase in the cost of manufacturing
cigars in this city owing to the repeated demands
of the unions for higher wages led yes'erday
to the shutting down of six of the largest factories,
The employees numbering about five thousand,
have been notified that their services will not
be required until further notice. Lf the demands
of the unions continue it is sald that the cigar
making industry may be driven out of New York
altogether and manufacturers will seek other
locations where wages are lower and more stable,
The firms which have shut down are Harburger,
Homan & Co., Sixty-eighth atreet and First ave-
nue; Hirschorn, Mack & Ca, Sixty-eighth street
and First avenue; Powell & Smith, Sixty-fourth
street and Second avenue; Forster & Co., Sixty-
third street and Third avenue the Hilson Com-
pany, Thirty-ninth street and First avenue and
Kaufman & ©o,, Thirty-third street and First
avenue.

The shut down ts indirectly due to the strike
which has bees in progress for x weeks at the
factories of Kerbs, Wertheiuner & Schiffer. The
original demand of the strikers, one half of whom
at least belonged to no union, was to have 4 bet
ter class of tobacco supplied them After the
strike was declared the Cigarmaker's International
Unien took charge of it The result of thie was
that demands were also made for higher wages
and the recegnitien ef the unien, which means
the empleyment of mone but union workera The
inference was that the eame demands would be
made of all the other manufacturera The manu
facturers- held several conferences, the most im-
portant of which took place in the Hotel Bavoy
last week, Atit a general shut down waa dis
cussed and {t was put into effect yesterday, but
the firms which shut down say that there was
no general agreement to close their factories,
A representative of Harburger, Homan & Co.
waid yesterday:

“We shut down because of the expense
resulting from the high wages here and the slack-
ness of trade. If the unions continue demand-
ing higher wages they will drive us out of New
York. This city is now the most expensive
place in the country im which to make cigars
and perhaps the most expensive in the world.
We do not Want to move our plant but we will
have to if the present agitation of the unions
1s kept up. We will keep the factory closed for
a week and it will depend on circumstances after
that huw much longer we will remain idle.”

The news of the shut down changed the plans
of the strike leaders in Kerbs, Wertheimer & Schilf-
er's factories”: «=A meeting was held yesterday
afternoon at which it was decided to postpone
indefinitely a propesed increase in the strike
benefit from $3 to $4 4 week.

GOULD'S LITTLE GUESTS.

MRS. AI.

An Faster Party at Her Home for Children of
Downtown District.

One hundred children of many nationalities
from the lower section of the city were the guests
of Mrs) Howard Gould at her residence, 824 Fifth
avenue, yesterday afternoon. The programme
prepared for their entertainment began at 2:30
o'clock, and it was almost 7 when the youngsters,
tired out but happy with the afternoon's pleasures,
were taken back to thelr homes. Mra Gould's
guests were selected from the various mission
churches connected with the Women’s Branch
of the New York City Mission and Tract Society
They assembled at the churches and were taken
to her home in six ‘buses. The ride uptown
was 6 treat for most of them, who had never been
outside of that part of the city bounded on the
north by Grand street

On arriving at the Gould residence the children
were taken direct to the dining room and seated

| around long tables. Mrs, Gould wisely con-
sidered that the best way to begin the afiernoon s

leusure Was to appease Wwe appetite of her Youu
hi guesia = 1t wasn't long before sicaming bowis
heaping plates of randwiches and cakes,
hills of ice cream and baskets of fruit were disap-
earing as Moby magi. Mia Gould, assisted
ty wu cumber of friends, waited on the children
aid after seeing that every one of them had been
looked after they conducted them to the parlors,
where a Punch and Judy show was given. At
first the Foungsters were shy and ratuer ill at

of ee

Pt 1 { hey were made to feel at)
euse, but gradually they t « | Morse property Is located between Fifty-fifth

home and soon they were romping through the
| entire Louse. They had the run of the estab-
lishment and every nook aod corner in it was
duly explored.
After the Punch and Judy show there was 4
sleightof-hand performance that was watched
| with awe. During the interval the Italian band
gaveaconcert, consisting prince pally of popular
| aire The children foined in the music aud after
| the sleigght of-hand performance was concluded
they saug songs and recited for Mrs. Gould and
her grown-up friends. ‘This lasted until nearly
6 o'clock
Then they were all taken downstairs again
and each child reveived a parcel, with the solemn
injunction not to open ituntil to-day. ‘The parcels
eantaimed summer clothes On leaving, each
litue guest also received a potted plant to take
home for Easter. As they got into the ‘buses
they gave three cheers for their hostess.

BRADY'S UNGRATEFUL FATHER,
Caused His Arrest After He Mad Held Down
the Old Man's Job for a Week,

Thomas Brady of 231 West Sixty-second
street had been employed forsome time aa an
engineer {in the force engaged in erecting the
new elghteen-story building for W. FE. D,
Btokes at Seventy-fourth street and Broadway,
A week ago he asked hia son, James, to work
in his place and James consented. Last night
war pay night and the envelope containing
$18 was handedtothe eon. The father de-
manded the money, eqneg, rete d to give It
up. The father went tothe West Bixty-efghth
street station and demanded that hia son be
arreated on the ground that he was nota

| livensed engineer. As the complaiot was
| backed up by James Gattens,an engineer of
| Feb Weat Fifty-third street, the police ar-
rested James. @ was bailed out by Mr
dtokes,

AGAINST CO-ED SOCIETIES,
Move to Cause Swarthmore Girl Students to
Give Up Secret Organizations.

Parcape rata, April 14.—The gir! atudenta
of Swarthmore College are worried because of
an intimation given by the Board of Managers

| tothem that secret soojeties must be abandoned
at the end of the term. There are three
women’s societies In the college, Kappa Kappa
pemee, Kappa top Tees aod Phi Kappa
Phi, he Board of Managers think that the
societies interfere with soctal life among the
giria, only about one-third of then being
members. The bova will support the girls in
an effort to havet order withdrawn, as they
tyne thet fraternities may next come under
the bab.

Tug Uit Ferryboat Fanwood.

The Daizell teg Edward T. Dalzell, came
| down the North River yesterday morning and
off Liberty street, dodged under the atern of a
ferryboat bound for Jersey City. On the port,
| or bayward side of the ferryboat was the Jere
sey Central Railroad ferryboat Panwooi, fiiled
| with commuters bound for New York The
| plot of the Fanwood didn’t see the Daizell
until she came out from under the sterp of the
other ferryboat. Then the Dulzell’s skipper

} gota view of the Fanwood he tue and the
Fiiwood reversed their engines, but didn’t
jose al! headway, and #0 bumped their bows
The Fanwood received a dent {7 her guard and
the commuters & jar and @ fright which sent

f mary of them running aft. The tug wasn't
damaged.

Priests Pat Out the Fire,

Fire was discovered last night in a closet on
the second floor of the parsonage adjoining Bt
Joseph’e Roman Catholic Church at 125th street
ani Columbus avenue, Father Huntman, the
pastor, who was hearing contessiona on the

lower floor, ran upstaire to the bathroom and
evizing a pall begau tothrow water on the fire,
ile seut hia sister downstairs with an ordor to
ring ali of the other priests in the house to the
fire. They put out the blaze before the firemen
arrtved,

ELSE ESRD SELON rhea 7 Con ern | AAEESERRS To coreeme Leen,
First Train on the Greater Seaboard Air Line.

Ricwmonp, Va., April 14.—-To-night was «ct
for the ruoniag of the first through train from
this city to Tampa overthe Seaboard Air Line,
The rail laying of the Richmond, Petersburg

and Carolina road, the connecting link to
soar, oo there le

\ be
oer om

EASTER IN THE CHURCHES.

Special Masical Programmes That Will Be
Given in Many of Them,

The churches of the city have as usual made
elaborate proparations for the observance of
Easter Sunday. Every one of them, large and
small, rich and poor, will be decorated with
natural fowers, an! according to custom the
musica! programme will be the main feature of
the special servicws, Solofate will be heard In
many churches and everywhere the choirs
masters have strengthened their choirs for the
day.

There will be two special services at Bi
Patrick's Cathedral, Solemn Pontificlal Mass at
11 o’elock in the morning and Solemn Pontif-
icial Vespers at 4.0'clock in the afternoon. The
musle will be furnishet by two choirs, soloists
and orchestra under the general direction of
William F. Pecher. The programme for the
morning services is us follows:

“Kyrie,” “Gloria” and “Aguus Del,” Grand

Mass No 4 : eae ‘
“Credo” and "Saictus,”’ Grand Mass tn PF,

Ponlatowskt
Offertory, "' Cur
“Benedictus

At the morning services in St. Thomas's
Church soloquartette anda cherusof thirty.
four voices under the direction of George Will.
fam warren vil repder the “KyrieMelson,” th

Gleria” and vicepe Creed in I’ Pe Bershol
Tours. Special choral services will be held at
4 o'clock in the afternoon when Stalnor’s

M ificat” in A and an Offertory Anthem by
GW. Warren wil! be sun

Dr, Wiliam D. Pilcher's “Messe Bolennelle da
Fade {n D major will be sung at the Churchot
the Nativity by soloists and chorus accompa.

Hayda

Regina Terrae’’....

8

and organ.

a
day tor the first time use ita new organ, which
rmelius in West Forty-sixth street will also
burch.
enoon services inthe Trinity Churoh,
the following programma:
obold Ye Despisers,"’ Parker.
E
‘Handel; chorus ‘Hallelujah, for the
“BEGGAR CATTLEMEN’ NOT WANTED,
Liverpool's American Consulate.
Liverpool, says that fifteen American men,
Allan liner Norwegian during the latter part of
understanding that they were to go to that
at the time and for that reason the steamor
According to MeDonald, the captain of the
man receiving Sehi!liugs, which would not pay
visited the Amurican Consul, but MeDonald
him. McDenald also says the Consul caused
e
“Beggar cattlemen need not apply here for
Liverpool and that there is no way forthem to

eh by orchestra

@ Fifth Avenue Collegiate Chureh will toe
ia said to be the largest four-manual pnoumat-
fe ergap in iy ity. The fittle Church of St.
ledicate its new organ.

Robey ‘ot raft be present at to-day’s ser-
vices in the All Saints’

Besides » festival service for the Sunday
eel 001 in the evening there will bemorning
at whioh soloists and a choir of forty voices
under the direction of Victor Baier will give

10:30 A. M.—''Kyrie Lleison’ in EB fiat, Weber;
eee on service In 16 flat No. 16. Haydn; offers

5:30 P. M.=""Maguificat’ ana “Nune Dimittts" in

flat, ariby; authem, “I Know That My Ke
eeme I eh.

Lord Cod Omuipotent Reigueth,"’ Handel.
Pecullar Sign Said to Have Been Posted at

Boston, April 14.~Edward McDonald of 276
Commercial street, who just returned from
mainly from Boston, are in need in that city,
He suys that eighteen men left here on the
February as catiiemen, The vessel was bound
for Glasgow and he says the men had the
city. He says, however, that the owners dia-
covered @ better market for cattle at Liverpool
went upthe Mersey River aud landed the eat-
tle at Liverpool.
ship ordered the cattlemen ashore at Liver.
pool Aas e000 ab the work was completed, each
their fares to Glasgow, where they were to ob-
tain the{r return pasees Some of the men
eaye they were ordered out of the office and
that no satisfaction could be obtained from
hie 6igh to be posted at the eutrance of the
0
eharity

MeDonald says the men are now stranded in
get back to America unless they stowaway on
#OM6 Vessel Coming across,

SHIPYARDS AT BAY RIDGB,

Yacht Basin to Be Built Alongside the Morse
Dry Dock,

The property of the oid Hunt estate, includ-
ing all of Fifty-eoventh street west of Firat
avenne and half of rifty-eighth street in the
Bay Ridge district of Brookiyn, was sold yes
terday toa syndicate of Manhattan capitalitte
for $150,000, The property adjoins the land

recently acquired by the Morae [ron Works and
Dry Dock Company and occupies a space of
314 by 1,800 feet, with a water frontage. Tha
syndicate, accord! ug to Thomas L. Arnold, wit
at once incorporate Itself into a shipbulidin
company, and a large dock and yacht basin wil
be constructed on the property, It will aet in
conjunction with the Morse company, which |
has just begun work for the construction of
what jato be oneof the largest dry doeks on
the Atjantie coast, In connection with it will
be builtimuchine shops and a shipyard. ‘The

and Fifty-seventh streets, with a frontage of
800 feet on First avenue and running 700 feat
to the bulkhead. It was acquired tor $300,000,

The Weather,

Freeziug temperature disappeared yesterday from |
all parts of the country except North Dakota. It re-
mained sullclentiy cool for Nght frost in Tennessee,
Georgia and northern Florida, The centre of high
pressure rested over the Ohie and Tennessee valleys,
moving woward the south Atlantic States,! which |
meaus arise in temperature and fair weather for this
section to-day.

Vatr weather prevailed yesterday, except for some
cloudiness aud a few scattered showers tn northern
New \ ork and New Engiand |

Tn this clty the day was falr and warmer, with wind
shiiting from west to northwest, average velocity ft-
teen miles an hour; average humidity 72 per cents |
barometer corrected to read to sea level at SA. M., |
20.06,38 P.M. 29.97,

The temperature as recorded by the oMcial ther-
mometer, gud also by THE SUN'S thermometer atthe |
strect level, {s shown in the annexed table

-—OMcial~ H-OMeiai~ Sun's

1900, 1608. 1y00

4P.M.51? fae fs?

1 9P.M.47® «53° = 478

3P. M..52° b2 * 12 Mid.. 44° 54° 45°

WASHINGTON FORECAST FOR TO-DAY AND TO-
MORROW,

For New Fngland and eastern New York, fair to-
day; increasing cloudiness Menday; fresh west
winds.

For the Mstrict of Columbta castern Pennsylvania,
New Jersey. Delaware, Maryland and Virginta, fair
end warmer (to-day, showers Monday; light variable
winds, shifting to easterly

For West Virginia, western Pennsylvania, western
New York, Ohio and Iodiana, increasing cloudiness
and warmer today; showers Monday; winds shifting
to fresh southeasterly.

 

‘be subd

j greater nu

Easter dress parade! Ifyou could
see inside of the finest garments,
there you would find our name.

Our second floor is what we term
our silk lined department. Suits or

jovercoats to order, $49,00 and
| $50.00. Tailored as only few can—
perfect. Special sale of English
cheviots, desirable for sacks and |
English walking coats, suit to order, |
$20.00,

Can we send our new fashion re-
view with samples? Your address,
please.

ARNHEIM

Broadway & 9th Street, |

y
”

ah eth: bes 1 or haba i. A htt it
airs Pack atest AN ASML 8 Oi

‘At receives the best ef care

| outone,

| the warnith of spring

| the ealubri

+ hot benefit

1900.

as

Complexions.

The bloom of youths the freshness of health ; a clear, bright
complexion, fair and pure as the lily—-sought for by every wo-

,man—found only where there is—what?

alth

! Health only

ill give you a clear skin, a good complexion. Health shows itself
other ways, too, but it’s complexions we're talking about to-day.

It’s “Inside” health you want, to give you a clear complexion. All

the face powders, cosmetics, face bleaches, &c., won't deceive even yourself.

Free

have Dyspepsia—lf

you are constipa

kles, even, are beautiful, if they appear on a healthy skin. If you
: ted or bilious—if any of Nature’s de-

rators—the Skin, Liver, Kidneys or Bowels—-do not properly perform thee
unctions, you can have neither health nor a clean complexion.

Abbey’s

Effervescent Salt

will help you to perform these functions in the way Nature intended it should be

pee—aeney. Abbey’s Salt is made from the salts extract
ruits, It tones up the stomach; dissipates the bile; keeps the Liver and

Fresh

from the juices of

Kidneys in proper working order, your system clear of impurities and your

blood pure.

Abbey’s Salt will do this so sneoouens
not be aware of its action, but only fe:

hat is the way to have a clear complexion. Nothing but
—and yet so gently that you will
el the improvement it makes in your

health and notice that your face reflects that health. Headaches are
unknown where Abbey’s Salt is used regularly. The daily use of
Abbey’s Salt will positively keep you in good health.

Dr. J. R. Sutton, N.

ing acquainted with the anti uric acid nature |
of your Salt, combined with laxative qualities, |
T recommend it to my frivnds and patients

Y., states: "Since becom. |

d on the market

payene and effective, and the only thing of tts
in.

The Mentreal Medical Journal states; ‘* Ab-
| bey s Effervescent salt is one of the most use

Abbey s Pfervescent Salt relieves chronic | ful remedies known fer keeping the blood
acne —Wlich | thought due to close shav- | and the system generally in proper cond-

ing~and I was cured mvself by afew
doses taken for merning head-

aches, with the above pleas-

ant

KAISING SHETIAND PONIES,

A Farm on Which They Are Reared and
Trained to Be Pets for Children.
Irom the (hicago Tribune,

A Shetland pong farm, where | ules are raised
and trained for their life work, is a piace full of in-
terest to ondlwho admires the gene Little creatures

—and who does not

From tw time @ pony is born until it reaches
the age When il may assume tie diguity of harness
There ts @ farm in
Where about two hundred
soduced every

Wayne county, ind, |
of the lijie animals ure year.
There are warm barns with long rows of straw
litiered Stalls; overhead are mows ol sweet-smelling
hay, and ow trough oi pure runing waver eparkles
and gurgies at vue end of the barn

Every stall contatns a pony, aud they are all
4s quiet and well-behaved ue & thoroughly dis-
ciplined selool of children. Ut a stranger enter
the barn it is insien known by every pony
there, and there is a turning of heads and switeli-
ing of tails indicative of restrained curiosity

Phere iy a broad and
ing betecn the two r
@long wus Uoor and pect the ponies { the
rear recalls the reinerk of @ famous man about
Chinamen: “They au louk alike until seen sep-
arately.”

When
to wait |

IG space clean floor
5 of stalls lum walk

he attendant, whose sole business {s
these small equine aristocrain, leads |

4noiber end esplaius iw aistinguish
Ue difference is then quite per

ing featuios,

| cepuble.

ere is one that has been especially trained

for some littie girl who is nervous and timid. Its |
dainty step and intelligent dark eye indicate fine |
style and 4 tractaule, docile disposition Its |
losgy cost shines like sutia and its lide hoofs are
ike black ivurs |

Another is shewn, sturdy |
Fully as beautiful and inteligont, |
BensiUve 4S tbe rst Ut has natural qualifica-
tivas suitable for the disposition and use of a boy
Whose Wo not at alk nervous of timid and who}
may wish to ride or drive lew distances in a day
and who may unthougbtedly peak loudly ¢
rudely cc drop the whip too heasily across the
pony’s back, and still not really wish to havea
runaway There are grades between these two
extrerues in which @ peny may be found suitable
for any sortof boy or girl

bales of almost auy color desired may be found
but the favorite colors are bays and blacks. ‘There
is no devand for the sorrela with large cream |
colored spots, Buch as Were quite coninion sume |
ears agu. ‘The solid colors are regarded as more

pautiful and @re the only ones now sought by
fastidious buyers

In training the ponies kindness is practised
under ail circumstances. When the litue pony
colt, which a man can take up in his arms and
catry about, is strong enough to run and play
with its mother, a litde halter ia puton ft and it is
taught to lend and start and stop at the word.

robust and strong.

ius not so

or

| When it grows stronger, but not yet fully grown, |

lithe set of bull harness, with silver buckles, is |
fitted on it, and it is driven about with lines A
gentle pressure of the bit on the tender mouth is
eufficlent to guiue it

Later on itis hitehed to a little rellow cart and |
trotted about the smooth gravel drives that wind |
among staliy trees in every Jrection Jtis
taken close to pufing locomotives and alongside
queer looking vehicles, and Into the neighbor
hood of shups where there js the sound of clang
ing fron and pour ting hammers and tine
bells. [ts actions under all these conditions 4
carefully moted and recorded, and its special
qualifications for particular purposes fully o
certained

It has been learned at this farm that a pony's
natural charactetisiies are not easily chang:
although vicious propensities may in @ measure
ed, and a Umid, shrinking spint er
couraged by bindness to assume more confidence
and agg ess ycness |

It is never attempted to teach the ponies any |

ecial tricks, the sole porpose being to make
them useful, tractable and safe under all cire
cumstances, When a pony ts soldand started |
away from the valy home and friends it bas ever
known the purchaser is recommended to be kind
and considerate to it at all Umes

The ponies in the barns are kept there to supply
tmimetiate demands They are groomed and
trained and kept accustomed to harness so that
they mav be ready to leave at any ‘1
nber of ponies are }

e. The
{ doors
only in
y@ lu tle

kept out ¢
ail winter, and are taken ints t barw
the most extreme weather, as were tt
barns before they were aleeted forsale
There ate broad field tere the turf even in
winter is beautiful. In the winter great
racks are kept constan''y supplied with cris;
corn fodder and immense str wo oatacks aff
shelter from the wind and rain All parts
premises are kept clean and healthful
When the ponies are pernitied to remain ont
all winter an astonishing growth of Vair appears
‘This thick eoat of hair is heavy and long, and

then the pony is far from beautiful, Lut when
ittle creatures

tow

ra
a

f the

comes the
throw off thetr winter clothing and appear smooth
and shine {n thetr new spring attire

The patrlarch of tiie farm is appropriately
called “om Thumb” He was Imported fror
Shetland Istands ten vears ago and is now 14
He j4 coal black and is as dainty and vivacious
as can be imagined Dozens of ponies are ty
ported from Shetland every year for breeding
purposes 7 bis is made necessary because 1)
Bucceeding generations of ponte
their progenitors
pared with the native home of the pr nies
Se —e—eeeee |

~ RADANS ©

|
nd heaith t
es relief

Wanted S will
So matter what's the
to you good, Acure may result if
wed ihey banish pain, induce
Sold at ail drug stores, ten for
five cents. re sure soges the genuine, Don't be
fooled by substitutes. T&n samples and a thousand |
#timoulals *ill be mailed to any addressfor 5 een
warded to tie Siipans Chem, Co., 10 Spruce, Ny ¥

a case of i
one

bat R-EP-AN
gis Ne
matter, one will
directions are fo
sleep, prolong life

, have taker

cosmetic effect. My

kept clean, the digestive
normal condition, and a healthy ap-
pearance and clear, bright com-

By its constant use the system is

organs ina

patients find tt pleasant, | plexion is the inevitable result.”

LU you need a Spring cleansing take Abbey's Salt. If yon tock Abbey's
Salt onary you weuld set seed a Spring clenaniog. Think
thi

over carciuily, 1 comcerns your DAILY bealth |

ALL DRUGGISTS,
25c., 60c, and $1.00 per bottle,

To All Who Use >
Scotch Whiskey,

Not vatted or blended (blending is done to cheapen), clean,
well matured, from the best distillery in the Glenlivet district,

™ Bonnie Brier Bush

IS VERY OLD,

i Souvenir

S.fcu waise7l
tonnie Briar dus’

HO paw ove

from store,

of Scotland

IS MEDIUM AGE.

Imported by ourselves in case
If your Grocer or Wine Merchant does not

sand casks, for sale in bond or

handle it, we will supply you direct.

H. B. KIRK & CO.,

Established
1853.

69 FULTON ST.

Also Broadway and 27th St., New York.

COLUMBIA GROWS WITH TIE NATION,
New Courses at the University as a Result of
the Recent War With Spain,

The recent political history of the country has
largely moulded the currcalum of the School
of Political Brience at Columbia University eas
announced for next year. Already courses are
given {in diplomatic history and international
law, government, administration, economics,
history and publie law, but courses have been

added tealing with resulting conditions of the |
Jurgess will givea |

jate Bpanish War. Prof,
course entitled, “Government of Territories
and Other Dependencies of the United States”

| and Prof, Munroe Smith announces a weries of

lectures on rivate Law in Force in the
Former Spanish Colonies,” Prot
wiiladda courseon “The Principles and tHis-
tory of Colonal Administration’ and = the
courses in Spanish language and literature of
Cotumbia College will be open to all students
pureuing political selence,

The University press has volumes in prepara-
tion on ' The Legisiation of American Colonies
With Regard to Immigration” by EF. FB. Proper
and “The History of Peusion Legislation in the
United States” by W, H. Glasson.

MORRO CASTLE LAUNCHED,
New Steamsbip for the New York and Cuban
Steamship Company.

PHuiraprirmra, April 14.—Tho steamship
Morro Caste, built at the Cramp shipyard for

the New York and Cuban Mall Stwamship Com- |

pany was launched this afternoon, She will

be added to the feet ruuning between New York |

and Havana. She is 400 feet long, 60 feet beam,
SU feet depth of hold and of 6,800 tons displace
ent Her sponsor was Miss Florenca Cram),
inddaughterof Charles Tl Cramp — [tis proba
ethat Capt, John Melntosh, senior captain
of the Ward Line, will be her commander

n
er
bl.

Couldn't Eat and Died of Starvation,

New Haven, April 14.-The medical profes.
sion of Connecticut were interested in the case
of James Cabill,a@ young man who died here
to-day of vhat was diagnosed throatand lung
ciseases, Cahl!! practically starved to death
He was YS years old and a well-known
sprinter, Several months ago he contracted a
cold. His lungs became affected and jater hig
throat Local phystcians performed several
operations to clear @ut Lis fogd passage, but to
hnoresrurt

Travers's Gout Ate Boop's Horse's Tall,

from the Toledo News
Henry Travers and Otto Koop, who lives a few
doors away, have long been the closest friends
Rut now they never speak as they pass ond
‘ts all owing to Travers'’s goat and Kouop'a long-
tailed bay
The bay mare had a tail that reached the ground
and the goat an appetite that was indiscriminating
and only limited by his ambulatory end reaching
powers, But the horse's tail instead of sweeping:
the fleor as of yore i9 now buts jagged bunch
of hair, afoot and a half from the ground
The facts in the case are somewhat hazy, but
Mr Koop says
My heart ts almost broken. Why, the tail
of (oat horse was the beat partofit TP wouldn't
$500 for that mare, but now look at it:
‘Luat confounded woat of Travers’4 had to come
in here and chew off its taal and disfigure the finest
king horse in Toledo Why in heaven's name
didn't Travers feed his old billy goat so that he

mare

would stay at home Instead of trespassing around |

chewing up horses’ tails It's a blamed shame
aod im going downtown to see a lawyer friend «
mine and see If 1] can't get damages. No, the
tiare ain tmuch of @ runoer or t {ter, but you
Just ought to have seen thattail Ill kick a lung
out of that goat if 1 get au cliance.”

“Kick @ lung outof my goat, will he™ indig-

| nantly snorted Mr. ‘Travers when told what hoop

had said “Just let him try it Damages’
Fiddlesticks, How i be to sue me? I didn't eat
the tail Why doesn'the keep his steble door
abut if he is ee particular?”

4 -

Goodnow }

| NEW YORK TAKES FIRST PLACE,
Has More Telephones Than Any City of the
Globe—Some Compnrisons.
\ The Klectrical Review explains the lack of any
; demand for telephone rate levisiation to-day—
| telephones were not even mentioned at Albany
| this winter—by the progress the telephone
; companies have made in the past few years in
adapting their rates to the public demand and
in improving their service, Owing to the wide
a ! wtion of graduatedor “message” rates, the
. ephone service ao maade avaliable to a much
Nore numerous Class of the public than that
abpeaia toby the old “Hat” rate, Phe lectris
cal Heview boints out that the bills formerly
pressed at Albany would have checked the
j prneress that has been made
iose bills invariably aimed at pe
the flat rate—the charge of the aan
subscribers alike whatever their re 1
@nel whatever their use of the seryio
system of charging, wach throws
user the burden of paving for part the ger.
Vice of the larger user, has been proved to
check the growth of the telephone system of
Aree cities, and, Wherever thorough inquire
148 Deen in sdnto the conditions sureoun ‘ing
ane eur plyott : ephone service in gre it cantens
as been condemned as impra tical ar fe
equitable , prea Shy. 8
Such, forexample, was the opinion reached
by a Parliamentary committee in London two
years ago after hearing the « Videnoe of a large
} humberol experts and business mon. Lf the
flat rate system of chargug had been fixed
by law, the _talephone systems throug!
the State of New York would not h grown
as they have grown, and thatin New York elty
would not have reached {ts present ¢ ous

fuatin
vWetoal
rements
This

mthe smal

worn
ter

6iz8, Which places it in the proud pe "
heing the iargest telaphona ay- in the
world. The borough of Manbartan bas nore
telephones than Berlin, a third more than
Loudon, half as many sgain aa Paris. tree
Hines aa many tis Vienna —mor Hhdee dt, thar
the Whole of Austria, more than tho who's at
} Switzerland or Belgium or Holand
LL oe RY
4 '
¢ Glenlivet Whisk
v MISA]
Registercd Tred \t
GLENLIVE1
George & JohnG ni
| ge& vohnGordoa smith
of the
. ' . .
2 i y ~ ‘ '
| Glenlivet Distiilery
bey to intimate t { ‘ ni
district which belo
H 6 trace the Duke
Gordur J th

the First at 1
Distille

s
censed ry
hit 1@ Bole man

of Gienhvet Whisky

they are

& oo,

Vee

ANDREW UH:

Agent >
G. S. Ni

The Glenlivet Distitiery
biblis

Gle

Monthly benting
| remove moths from
|

Na Nera oe oe

‘COLD STORACE.
| LINCOLN SAFE DEPOSIT CO.,
S242 EAST 42D STREET, NEW YORI

Fire Proof Warehouses and Burglar Proof
Vaults for Household Goods and Silver
Plate,

RUPTURE

Be pay. ALLA SY

(the old may

pacing

th

CURED while yoo work. You
y $i when cured. No cure,
boa ¥d Westbrvok, Malae

PLR TIN eh Ot a OARS NON CANINE SO URANO A BT A CA IY

te PERS = 5 ai de,

ig do Sis. 8