SINGLE MOTOR BICYCLES.

—_———
peNICLE LONG UXPECTED 18 NOW

4 AT HAND.

Three Styles Have Been Seen—All Employ
Gasolene and All Are a Combination of
Automobile and Cycle — First Machine
Made Hereaboute Welghs Sixty Pounds,

‘tows bieveles have been seen about New York
almost two years and have now become ob-

for

fects fairly familiar to habitual cyclists, but they
(

have nut been availoble to the common run of

riders, MI thathave been seen were racing ma
a

tandems or larger elzes of multicycles,
forraclng men to use on the track
wwereycles was first shown in the

erines
Duilt to order?
This bind of p

gummer «
exbibit them resulted in a fizzle. Last year the

machines were perfected and demonstrated to be
practicable for pacing in a one-hour race and
cceasionally one Is nowadays seen on the road,
but always mounted by racing en. Meantime
the great thing that the general wheeling public
has been waiting for, the single-seated bicycle,
tor attached, that is practicable for road
able at a reasonable price, has been
“Is Mt ever

with mi
nee and avail
missing. Many have begun to ask
coming” ‘The answer is: “It is here.”
During the recent yele show at Madison Square
Garden there was discovered in the booth of a
machinery maker @ motor ©
that could be adapted to a bicycle although not
orizinally designed for that purpose, It weighed
aixty-fire pounds and was bulky, The fact of
{ts presence at the show was published, During

the remaining days of the exhibition the bleycle |

at the Garden were pestered with inquires
from visitors who wanted to know where they could
find that motor, It was a cold, dead plece of
casting; not attached to 4 hbiewele and not in work-
{ng order, yet thousands eacerly eought it as
something that might gtve color to their hopes,
Retail bieycle dealers say that they have been
repeatedly asked by their more weal) y customers
when they are to have 4 motur Dieyele It is not
a tricycle that {9 wanted, but 4 two-wheeled
machine for a singlerider, The demand at this
early stage of motor vehicle development for
such a type of machine is great enough to war-
rant the firm belief that in a few vears they will
outnumber the four-wheeled and three-wheeled
motor vehicles, as bicyeles now outnumber cer-

men

rlages drawn by horses

The reason for this demand and such @ pros
pect are plain enough. The motor bieyele ts to
the automobile what the bicycle is to the coach
It has the power and speed advantages of the big
vehicle without its expense and trouble, It is eco-
nomical and convenient; {t can teke advantage
of the sidepaths where the roads are bad, the same
ascan an ordinary wheel; itcan be kept at home
handy for use atany time of day or night, {t re-
quires no stable and no coachman; its repairing
expense fs small; {t offers a chance for exercise
at pedalling as well as travel and fresh air. The
disadvantages It has are those of not being so
luxurious or stylish as o big four-wheeler and
not being able to stand alone when a halt at a
crossing {8 necessary,

The motor cyole will stand distinctly in tts
own class between the bicycle and the automo-
bilo, It will not seriously interfere with the popu-
larity of either. It rises above the bicycle in
transportation facility and comfort, but falls
beneath the motor-carriage in the same respects,

It cannot well be made practicable and carry a
great amount of motor power, because the de-
mand is that it shall not be too heavy to be ped
alled The motor is wanted as an asiuillary
to the leg power. The ability to go twice as far
with leas fatigue than is now lo is the am-
bition of the Greet mass of riders who makecycling
what it is, 6 other part of the ambition was
well expressed by @ man who, when inquiring
about motor cycles, told of a trip he had made on
which there was a long sandy hill to climb. He
said that when he reached the top he dismounted,
wiped hia face and shaking his fist at the hill,
exclaimed: "O you! Some day I will come back
here with a motor cycle and run up and down
you for an hour, just to get even for this.”

To many persons !t seems strange that motor
cycles for individuals should not have made their
appearance here, although they have been seen
on the roads of England and Europe for 4 year.
The reason is that the manufacturers have been
proceeding with caution, They wanted to ex-
eriment fully, to tast and be sure they were right

fore going ahead, in order that they might not
blight their business by turning out a failure.
It is well known that the foreign motor cycles
are not all that they might be, and Jt was not the
\merican way to copy them. The time since
the idea took root and the demand became ap-
parent has been short, too short for experimental
work and practical testing.

It is the small machinists of the type who build
a few dozen or a few hundred wheels a year who
are the motor cycle pioneers. They start on an
idea and give it nearly all theirtime From theig
mistakes and their successful experiments the
big makers will profit a year bence and set the
pendulum in full swing.

 

THE BROOKLYN MOTORCYCLE,

The first single motor cycle to be made in New
York was discovered a few days ago by a reporter

of Tue SUN inalofton Reade street = It has been
ridden 1,100 miles and was seen in motion, The
bicycles not onespecially designed for the purpose.
It isan ordinary road wheel weighing twenty-five
pods. The motorand engine are the product
of a Brooklyn machinist, and weigh together
with the feed tank and auxiliary attachments
thirty five pounds, making # total weight of sixty
pounds. The motor is twelve inchea in height,
md develops one borse power The motor
he and engine are set over the rear wheel,
directly back of the saddle, by means of an extra
pair of tubular stays that are clamped to the rear
axi¢ and run diagonally upward. The gasolene
tank isa box that hangson the inside of the frame
from the top tube, directly back of the head,
Back of the tank is a compressed air reservoir,
and ‘ehind this a primary coil which furnishes
the ignition spark for exploding the gasolene.
Neither of these appurtenences takes up enough
foom tointerfere wih the leg action. The gasvlene
tank holds three quarts, with which it is said
6eventy five miles can be travelled and 10 per
Cent grades climbed. The wheel is fitted with
oteinary sprockets and a chain and the original }
impet is for the engine is imparted from the pedals, |
The dnving power of the engine is communicated
w she real wheel by meausof @ friction roller
Mads of a composition and grooved Like a pulley
Wheel, tha groove being broad enough to accom-
Modlate any The transnission between
She engine and the roller is by means of a short
KeYce chain, Tha control of the flow of gaso
ene and of the sparker is in front, close to the
noe bars The entire attachment can be made
Gnd Uomade with noother tool than a wrench
As yet the makers of this motor do not supply

ire.

 

    
   

riders, They simply furnish the motors to the
trate ata price that would enable « retailer to fit
Out a rider for 8100 of 8125, exclusive of the bi-
ey e I wheel is titted with a coaster brake,
8) that When it is chosen to let the motor do all
pe rk the feet can remain on the pedals, where
a CASO nger they are ready to apply the
Fake While Land switches off the current
Although as a first expression of an idea this
ha hine is remarkable in several ways, its crudi-
~ ar wous The method of driving is as

able as might be conceived, but the con
i and location of the engine would permit

   

1 being run from it to a sprocket on the

"
att + Si f the rear wheel Che elevation
an min’ r above the saddle is another objec-
. as it would seriously interfere

t and dismount

 

 

Pad , us Is first American machine of
Rees aoe ! e rn in New York, three others
the zo ard from in different parts of
rod Aad The first of these is the
tom the ious at San Diego, Cal, and
to be ay a Lstrath m and deseription seems
fo tate fe oe, ond practical affair. The motor
the ¢ Wachment to any bi yele and with
Weiwhs thier, er batteries and all accessories
Which | wy hye pounds, In this case the motor,

water ja

ted for cooling, ia placed on

th
. the biewcle frame, the centre of it
, /NaAline with the pedal in its ex-
‘Dw position, The motor hae a Oy-

 

yond A small sprocket on
from whieh a chain runs over
keton the rear

 

 

wheel 1 NUSIATY spron
Bein al NIMS power being “geared down"
uw hotor evcles instead of being “geared
v Ad the f
*) reek power ts.
1h:, ink n “foureyele” gasolene affair,
"s length by 3; in width, The

an “PU°Ot iucludes @ gasolene tank, an ignition

 

¢ 1808 and almost every attempt to |

{ one horse power |

| struck the Hou

 
   

battery, an air reservoir and a muffler that prac-

tically kills the “seuf, teul” noise of the explo-

sivus ‘These are all within the frame. In t

| angle between the wp of the seat-post tube an
the rear stays is a water tank that is connecte

! with the cooling jacket. The sparker is cut off
by use of a button on the handle bara, Inaetarting
4 compression lever in front ba released and « few
turns given to the pedals; then the compression
lever is thrown on and the igniter button pressed.
The speed ts regulated by means of a wire hook
in front that controls the air miature, The motor

in this machine is covered to protect it from dirt,

| and although the 8'; 4nch-wide motor, as shown
in diagrams, appeats to be on one side, @ photo-
graphic view looking head on shows no apparent
interference with the pedal action. In this case
also the coaster brake equipment is used. ‘This
motor ia furuished separately or with the bieyele.

 

i THE COLUMBUS MOTOR CYCLE.
| Thus far the two motor cycles described are
the only motors made for attaching to any bieycle,
) although there is a second Brooklyn machinist
| at work on one that is almost completed
other two motor cycles so far heard from
are made with a specially constructed machine
! At Columbus, Ohio, a bicyele dealer has made
! one with a gasolene engine of the twoeycle type
| (The use of this expression seems to have been
| already adopted by motorists, four eyeles being
equivalent to the development of one horse power )
The bicycle is built with a wheel base 4 leches
| longer than the average or about #8 inches from
| hub to hub of the wheels. The extension is made
in the rear triangle so as to afford room for the
motor to rest on the rear forks, back of the seat
rat tube. The appurtenances are within the frame
nes. ‘The power is transmitted by means of
a belt to a large pulley on the rear wheel ‘The
sprocket chain runs between the engine and the
flywheel on the right-hand side, while the trans
mission belt runs ob the left-hand side to its sheave
on the rear axle, Here again ia used the coaster
brake, which seems to have been developed just
in time for the motor cycle. Besides being longer
| in the wheel base, this wheel is an inch wider in
the tread than ordinary, but the disposition of
the motor seems to be more advantageous than
in either of the other cases.

In Boston a special plant has been started to
turn out a type of motor cycle that is distinetly
an automobile because not provided with pedals,
The motor in this instance ts the “whole thing”
and not an auxiliary power, although the cycle
is anindividual machine. ‘The wheel is of special
construction with a wheel base only slightly
longer than the average, but the lower tube, in-
stead of running to a crank hanger, aweeps in a
curve to the rear forks and clusters with them,
In this way extra room is made in the forward
section of the diamond frame to accommodate
the motor and its accessories. The tear forks
are doubled in number, the upper pair join ¢
at the motor with the: seatpost tube = =The moto.
is of two horse power and the machine is de-
signed for speed and distance, It is said to be
capable of thirty miles an hour Extra strong
tubing is employed and the machine is a heavy
one, of a weight that makes it inconvenient to
handle in and out of a house

In all these first comers of the individual motor-
cycle field it is striking to note the unanimity
with which the gasolene motor has been adoptec
Neither electricity nor steam has been appealed
to, the necessary weight involved being an ob-
lection in both caess, while against storage bat-

srieg Js laid the additional trouble they might
cause in touring through the country where no
charging station might be found Crude as
they are these machines are all practicable. In
general use on the road the users of them would
| oubtless have their full share of troubles fuse-

ing with this or that slight derangement It is
probably true, though, that in comparison they
are more efficient than the early safeties, which
wera made up weighing sixty pounds and yet
had to be “tinkered with” every few miles.

Tho proper ste has been taken of putting out
the best that can be made at present and through
them gaining the experience without which there
could no advancement

No one can guess whether these pioneer ma-
chines will spring into popularity and become
the true progenitors of the permanent type, or
whether they will disappear entirely In favor
of something radically Nigeront ‘The certainty
ja that the progress either way will be rapid be-
cause of the experience with both bicycles and
automobiles. ‘The chief trouble in all cases seems
to be how to locate the motor, the present day
bicycle having so nearly reached the limit of
compactness and distribuition of weight that
it is somewhat in the way anywhere jt is placed,

One phase that motor cycling has at its incep-
tion {g thatit wil! pretty effectually bar ont women,
They must be willing tomount thediamond frame
and have nerve encush to run the engine, The
only hope of the gentler sex is in tandems, and
| even on them they will be required to be cool-

headed, quick of eye and strong armed, for they
will have to do the steering, while their eseorta
tend theengine. It will be something more than
play tosteera tandem going ateven twenty miles
an hour tosay nothing of a thirty- mile clip.

 

 

HAVING FUN WITH A MOOSE,

The Big Animal Was Stack in the Deep
Snow and Was Helpless,

From the Boston Herald.

The deep snows of the late winter and spring
have been particularly hard on the game in the
Maine woods. At Bemis and on the line of the
Portland and Rumford Falls Railroad there were
six feet of snow in the woods only last week.

A moose, evidently weary of wallowing tn
@o much snow, took to the line of that road and
was driven down in front of 4 train till he came
to a culvert, four or five miles above Houghton's
station. Here he was able to turn out and went
up the stream, avoiding the deep snow on either.

The railway people carried the news down the
line, and a crowd of people, some armed with
cameras, went up to see the animal. A Rumford
Falls correspondent says that the moose cot in-
Jured somewhat in the culvert, and bence was un-
able to get through the deep snow. The Fish
and Game Commissioners were notified, and the
telegraphed for the moose to be carefully watched,
that no injury come to him. Later they order
his capture, suggesting that he be surrounded
With a wire fance and taken in that way

Mr. J. E. Stephens of Rumford Falls writes
that the animal was captured last Saturday and
taken down to Houghton's, She (Mr. Stephens
says “she,” though others claim that it is a bull,
weighing 800 pounds) seemed to take things
kindly after in out that no harm was meant
to her.

Commissioner Carleton was expected to arrive
on Tuesday, and to decide whether the moose
will remain in the section where caught or taken
for some State park. People in that region be
lieve that it should be permitted to ascape into
the woods in the section of Houghton's, and thus
help to increase the game supply around the lakes.

From the Lewiston Evening Journal.

It appears that the moose hails from Madrid,
but just how far south he was travelling is not
clear. He followed the logging roads and finally
hton branch of the Rumford
Falls and Rangeley Lake Railroad. Buton Thurs.
day the moose and 4 train bound in the opposite
direction met on & trestle, and as the train
showed no signs of stopping or turning out,
the moose took tts life in its hands, so to speak,
and jumped from the trestle, floundering in the
snow to the bottum of the fill. The train was
stopped, and all hands piled out and gave chase
They pelted the poor beast with snowballs, small
clubs, &c.—all this at short range-—-the depth
of the snow making the sport reasonably safe,
The moose was ina run containing four foet of
soft snow and a growth of wood

On Friday a party of four boarded an engine
and rode up to see the moose, Mr. Archie Me
Donald ran the steam horse to within a stone's
throw of the animal. They left the engine near
the trestle and entered the jungle. There was the
moose floundering about in the snow. He waa
making very slow progress, and all tey could
fire at him was snowballs) One man got near
enough to the monster to touch him up with a
a four foot switch. At thirty yards he was an
easy mark for snowballs. Now and then the
moose would get up on his ear, so to speak, and
wheel about as though to charge on his turmentorts,
and at every such move there was a4 lively scurry
ing for McDonald's engine. They were more
frightened, however, than the situation warranted,
because it was an utter impossibility for the ani-
ma! to overtake them in four feet of snow

Saturday morning the facts in the case were
wired to Game Commissioner Carleton, who gave

irections for capturing the moose, “Catch him
if you can,” wired Mr Carleton, “and we will put
him in Monmouth Park.”

Several photographers have visited the jungle
and have secured excellent picturesof the moose,

One daring knight of the dry plate managed
to get into a tree directly over the moose, and
with a stick reached down and tickled the ani-
mal's nose Then, when Mr. Moose wasin 4
desirable attitude for a picture, the camera man
pressed the button, This photographer is said
to have secured a number of exclusives—one
being of the mouse in the act of standing on his
head

One woman went up to photograph the moose
She wore a red jacket or scar This waa too
much for the moose, though hemmed in by the
deep snow. He turned and made for the offend-
ing colors. The woman ran, or tried to ra, but
fell in the snow. The moose was stopped by
gticka and snowballs thrown by her friends.

Mal.ing a Clean Breast of It.

From the Chicago Tribune.

“Tauppose,” said the woman who had sam-
pled avery kind of candy she could reach by
thrusting her arm over the protective railing
and floaty had bargained for five cents’ wort
| of botteracotch, “all this is adulterated. You
| couldn't sell it ae cheap if it wasn't.”

“Yeu, ma'am,” returned the asleaman, sol-
emnly, “it’« all adulterated. That butterscotch
roy re getting, for Instance, has mighty little
| utter and nota bit of Scotch.’

 

AROUND THE WHIST TABLE,

THE A. W. LL, TROPNY MATCHES
NOW IN PROGKESS HERB,

 

Acknowledged Leaders of the Common-
Henee School the Defenders—Spectal In-
terest in the Piay-Whist in the Old

Days and Now-Some Pecullar Handa,
The present interests of the whist world are
largely centred in New York, which is now the
battlefield for the most important of our cham-
pionship contests, the A. W. L. trophy matches,
This interest is enhanced by the fact that the
present holders and defenders of the trophy are the

| acknowledged leaders of the representatives of

The |

 

the common-sense game atits best and that they
have been and will be called upon to demonstrate
the merits of that game against 4 great many
Varieties of system, from straight long suits to

catch as-catch can.

The team who represent New York In these
contests are J, B. Plwell, ©, S. Cole, J. EB. Faber
and fF. FP. Denison, Their first victory was a
rathor decisive one over the “good old barnyard
game" of the Albany Club and their second was
when opposed to the modified long-suit tactics
of the Park Club team of Plainfield, who made
such a good showing in the last intercity tourna.
ment, coming in third, with a tle with New York
for match secure and only three behind them in
tricks, Two other long suit challengers having
dropped out, the Maryland Licyele Club and the
toston Duplicates yesterday, Capt. Ward's
“play tothe-drop” aggregation from the Hub,
cam> to New York to demonstrate the virtue of

judicious shifting,

It is a matter of congratulation to many whist
plavers that the time and opportunity have come
t) put the common-sense gam to & practical test
in a series of important matches, because there
has really been little or no chance heretofore to
test the system under proper conditions, Some
writers are in the habit of stating that the common-
sense game bas never accomplished anything to
justify its reputation, but in making such an
assertion they betray a wantol familiarity with the
facts of the case,

The team that won the last intercity tourna-
ment were strictly common-sense, the only con-
vention they employed being the three trump
echo. They didnot call for trumps, did not show
number in either plain suits or trumps and used
no particular discard. The New Jersey Whist
Club, which has developed into one of the best
in the country under the able leadership of Capt
Otis is a strictly common-sense team, The
Ladies’ Whist Club of New York, easily first
among all women's clubs, is composed of common-
sense players, who model theirgame upon the lines
suggested by Flwell aud Taylor, The winners
of the palr championship at Philadelphia last
year, Mrs, Baker and Mrs, Bosley, played without
any conventions whatever and were opposed to
all the crack long -suiters in the country, The
‘Toronto eam, who stayed in until the final match
at the last A. W. L. congress and earned the right
to play the first match of the Mastern series are
a strictly common-sense team. When it comes to

individuals, they are all in the lead at the clubs.
Elwell ig #0 far ahead of any one else in Brooklyn
that he could drop fifty tricks without burtin
hiinsgelf much, At the New York Club Elwell,
Faber, Henriques Denison and Browning are
away ahead of all others, although they have to
play oganes the best talent inthe metropolis,

The ine between the long suit and the common-
sense game is fading out so rapidly that it will
soon be a difficult matter to say Just where a given
team stand.especialiy asso many that still pretend
to be simon-pure long-suiters have one fuot across
the line and have theirs {aces set toward the coumon-
sense territory,

The one thing needful to develop the new game
and to consolidate it into a distinct school is some
standard authority on its methods, some manual
of its tactics. At present this is impossible, be-
cause the game is still in an capennen stage
and many uestions have still to be setled largely
by the judgment of the individual to whom the
aituation is presented. Any person who should
attempt to write a text book laying down absoluw
rules for the management of the new game would
probably have to rewrite the whole thing within
a year and would perhaps wish he had never
meddjed with the subject in the urat place,

How different it was in the old care! The
writer remembers a game of whist in Baltimore
about ten years ago in which Thomas Whelan,
E. C. Howell and Dr. Walls were the other players.
Whelan's partner played the jack second hand
on 4 small card led, and it afterward developed
that he held queen jack and two small, “You
lose a trick by putting up that jack,” says Whelan;
“you should have passed it up.” “It's the right
play with queen and jack second hand,” says
the partner. “Not with two small,” says Whelan,
“Look at the book.”

The book’ What book? Why, Cavendish,
of course. There was no other in those days
and so Cavendish was placed upon the table anc
it was there found stated that with queen jack
and two small the geeond hand should play small
“Never knew that before,” says Whelan's partner,
and he looked round at the other players with

retty much the same expression that a prisoner
in the dock might wear when he told the jury
that he did not know he had commitied a ni-
tentiary offence and would have to throw The
eelf upon their mercy.

Imagine a modern pare telling his partner
to look up the fourteenth edition of Cavendish
for instructions in second-hand play, Criticisms
are never based on reference to books now, but
are always an appeal to the common-sense of the
individual, When a@ player puts & queen on A
jack led, holding the ace also in his hand, his

tner does not say: “That is not the correct
You look at Hamilton,” but “Why do you
inesse against me? The leader cannot have the
king so it muat be behind you. Cannot you see
that if I have it I will attend to the jack, and if
it is third hand you simply throw away your
queen?” A player never says to his partner after
a deal js over” “That is not the book opening
from your hand,” but rather: “I don't see why
you opened the clubs, You surely could not
hope to make anything of such @ suit with no re-
entries or trump strength, Why not lead me a

lay.

sup wing apace

Me old barnyard game was much the easier,
of course. It is like a visit to the happy scenes
of childhood, with all its petty pleasures and
illusions, to go back to it again occasionally and
spend an evening leading fourth-best from nine
high suits, just for a change. The new game ia
a Fard one to play, but the problems it develops
are incomparably superior in Interest and require
a much higher degree of intellectual power for
their solution, Take the following situation,
which came up tn a hand at the New York Whist
Club on Ap 4. W dealtand turned the eight of

c

 

 

hearts, and N, the leader, held the following cards:
HW QJ 10
C Abd
Dp A8&
§ AJ9652
The first four tricks went as follows:
E s Ww
¢
*,°
¢ ¢
—
e+ io 9
o Oo
o 9
o>

 

F and W are playing fourth beet in plain suits
and N can place every card. Try yout band at it
and see if you can figure itout ‘The play of the
whole band will be given on April 20

TUR A. WoL TROPHY

There were some peculiar hands in the tast
match for the challenge trophy, plaved between
the Whist Club of New York and the Park Club
of Plainfield. Some of the New Jersey plays,
especially in the first half, were extremely lucky
and for a time it seemed impossible for the New
Yorks to make any headway againstthem. Take
the following hand as an example in which the
New York team stood to gain one trick on the
orginal play but actually lost three on the over-
yey, through no fault of theirs The deal waa
»

   

0. 19 and Z turned the ten of hearts. In the follow-
ing play the Park Club had the opening
_™icn, | A | 7 B | 2

1. | se| 100| 30! 46

Smeal '
B icccsnce LL 9K 93 192
SE ' |

3..... Ae| 26 5@| 66

4.. y| Je 7 | 36

orsuns

5.. Ke 99| 69

6 KO!1O4 106

4. |&2 | #3 aK

8 4° 0286 Jo

9 49 |#5 |47

Ao\|98 | B10
50\aJ | 2a
Qe\;46 {8

 

Park Club gets seven tricks.

Trick 1, This ls o very peculiar openint,

THE SUN, SUNDAY, APRIL 15, 1900.

a

) | Mty of @ quiet rubber at whist,”

————————

 

only reason for it being a desire to avoid leading 19 , 'OTEN Wie wal
@way from ty double major tenace suit JAPAN § T RAN SI ENT SI A rE.
Tack 4 naturally reads A for the spade
queen, and thinks his eight was 4 fourth best
Trick 6. Y, om the other hand, thinks the irtee-
ular lead was to show yur trumps, and that if
he leads another spade Y will credit his partnes
A

 

MOTIVES THAT UNDFR: TE HER ADOP-
TION OF WESTERN IDEAS,

Christianity Welcomed Temporarily, and
Mainly for Ita Stronathening Effect Upon
the Character of Her People-How the
Army Has Taken the Best From All
Lands—Movement to Cheek Physical and
Moral Decline in the Student Clans,

ToKw, March 23.—If Japan ever becomes
Christian it will not be to “gain the kingdom
of heaven,” but to strengthen her national char
acter, to complete her resemblance w the civilized
world, and to help her to fight Russia. All the
articles written by Japanese philosophers who
think that religion is a very good thing for the
massos, show clearly that this is thelr idea. In
the current issue of the Toki) Matshu Shunpo,
for example, a Mr. Ukita tries hard to convinee
his countrymen that all powerful States have
originated with religion, and that roligion is
necessary for them at least until they are full
grown. Sixteen respectable Japanese thinkers
have lately addressed awgeries of questions on
religion to the students of all the high and middle
schools of Japan, and some of these questions
are rather peculiar. The boys are questioned,
for instance, “as to the effect on their minds which
intercourse with society has generally had"; and
the following queries are submitted to them
Do you believe in religion? Have you any destre

 

for the lowing spade queen and will trump;
will overtrump, an be overtrumped by A,
which will be about the game thing a& gettin
another round of trumps immediatly, after which
A will have t© go up w 2's suit, shown by his
discard, or to walk into Y's diamonds

This litle scheme is upset by B's passing the
trick, He does not for a moment suppose that his
partner has the spade queen, because he knows
that A would never lead away from auch # suit a9
A QOS. As he has four trumps, he can afford to
let his partner take the force.

Trick 6 This is where the luck comes in. B's |
discard of a diamond should show clubs as his suit,
which itis, and, apparently, A should lead him a
club. But A takes a different view of the situa
tion, ‘The discard of such a high card aa the nine |
shows one of two things, either Y has nothing but |
very good diamonds left, or he has no more, and |
being still anxious to avoid opening that tenace
suit, A leads a diamond, and a small one at that,
as he is relying on his parwer for cards that are
too lange to need support

Now look at the luck of it, If A leads a small
club instead of the dlamond, 7 gets in with the king,
draws all the trumps, goes through with the dia
monds, which Y will have discarded dwn to the
ace king amall, and Y makes all the rest of the
tricks, This will give the New Yorks ten tricks
on the deal, instead of six only

At the other table New York opened the clubs
and Z led queen of trumps, the ace catching the
loneking. A then led two rounds of clubs, forcing
Z and it was all over, New York getting four
tricks only

Here is a deal on which Park went to pleces,
the ten of hearts turned by 7

 

 

  

muck, | A | ¥ ft BL 2% | for religion? If you do not believe in religion
Ke 4¢6 26 yourself do you recognize its necessity for others”

If so, on what grounds?
2 #6 43 4A "This is very complimentary indeed to the un-
3 Qt 6@6@ 7 @ | derstanding of the youth of the land of the Rising
: a7 aJ 49 Sun, but it does not prevent Japan from seeing
Ss ee/98 ee e | Je that its students are degenerating at an alarming
6 rw a4 03 rate, physically and spiritually, A military
, oe oMcer has recently discovered that they have the
4 100 LO} 3% | worst physique for their age of any class of the
6 2Q aK /|910 community, and the Japanese student is often,
° v9 92 04 [ oe be — a hardy lad of forty or
thereabouts, The Japan Times tries to excuse
to,,...... 9Q 06 | 05 their constant and bloodthirsty fights in whieh
| Pree 2090 36) 49 | courage is often displayed, but hardly so often as
Sl astacitc 5 @ | 80 90 7 © | cruelty and treachery, by speaking of the lads as
IB... 60} Qo AS KO being animated by the old samurai spirit, and

warning educationalists not to repress that spirit
but to “guide and stimulate its development in
the right direction.” So far as her school boys
are concerned Japan is sparing the rod and spoil
ing the child. Apart from the unnatural violence
with which the bors fight, there are two facts
which prove this to be the ease, and one of them
places the Japanese schoolboy in a ditferent cate-
gory to the schoolboy of any Christian country
He is a frequenter of the tea house. The second
fact is that he is a confiriwed striker not going
out on strike spasmedically Uke the British or
American schoolboy, but marking every month
by a strike, generally directed against some ob
noxious master, always gaining the telegraphic

New York gets nine tricks.

Trick 1. The opening at both tables was the
same. A tenace suit of five cards with no re-entry
and weak trumps might as well be made the most
of atonce. A must shift upon catching the King,
as he doea not want to foree the player on his
left into the lead, because he would come up to
weaknesa in either suit. [tis much better to get
the lead on his right if partner cannot take up the
game and lead trumps at once

Trick 3 Having four trumps Z forces his
artner,who in turn leads to the weak ness in clubs
Yn these two rounds of clubs it should be observed
that the deuce does not fall, a card which Z does
ey seem to realize the importance of watching
or
Trick 6. If B covers the eight he establishes
the queen, and his only chance is that Z will not

ass it. B knows his partner still holds the miss- columns of the press all over the country, and
ig deuce. ‘Trumping this card costs Z two tricks, | Very often being successful. A lew days ago
‘Trick 7. Finessing against his partner costs the budding “bonzes” in one of the largest Bud-

dhist divinity schools in the country went out on
strike almost to a man

‘They always excelled at wrestling, but lately
they bave taken with great enthustasmn to all
forms of athletic exercise, ‘This is not to be won
dered at considering that the physical waining
which all who enter the Army--that is, practh
cally the whole nation—have to undergo, has ac
tually and visibly improved the nauonal phy
mque w the astunishment of the people them
selves, Athletic associations have consequently
sprung up among them, and the physical devel-
opment of the school children will probably be
better looked after than it is now. Atl present
the pa speci students are among the worst de-

another trick, If Y will only put up hisqueen

he will make the king good for the last trick

There was a cain of four tricks in this deal

for New York, but bad discarding let one of re
ere

taway, leaving 4 margin of three only
the play

fs

 

et
| Ke!
'a6

9

 

410

  

velo specimens of humanity on the face of the
earth owing (o over-education, the finished proa-
uct of the Japanese universides generally pre-

 

—"

7e@ copes the appearance of a sickly, puny, unde
veloy youth Great care is now being be
2 KS | stowed on the voices of the young, and this is
8 3 oO | Very necessary as ninety-nine Japanese out of a
| come | hundred have a very harsh and disagreeable
|as K 49 voice, which would not only tell against them as

| — | orators, but even as commercial travellers
10......., 42 a Q a4 123s \ i pen educated Japanese are discon-
BB ..csonee ' | tented, for they know that many of the monks
| 10 106 4.8, | 40 lead corrupt lives, but no other religion seems
BZ... | Qe, Q°0 3@ 910 destined to take the place of Huddhism-- Chris-
13 lya $9 | jem | tunity least of all. ‘The attitude of the Japanese
treeeeee| OA 699 | HI | 70 | mind toward Christianity is peculiar, He can

|
j

not leave off regarding it from the outside; he
cannot enter the temple and be really one of the
worshippers. Great numbers of educated Japan
ese buy Christian books and read them, but it
is always in order to harden their character and
| discipline their minds--to give them something
of that stubborn resolution of Krueger and Crom

Park Gets six tricks oniy.

Trick 3. The opening and the shifting are the
same at both tables, but in this case Z goes to
trumps. The New Yorks lead tntertor cards
when they want to show a combination of weoak-
nese and length, They depend on their purt-

; well, wiich sent. the Pilgrim Fathers to the
pers Tone Geen as wizards for their ability | ghores of the New World, but never to make them
Trek 5. The jack must make in 5 mien repent for their sins—repent for their sins! The

‘ ; any ease m- | idea of the thing would make them laugh 4s it

less partner has it, so A might as well underplay
now and trustto Y'a making the mistake of ruf
fing. Y doas not bite at the ruff, but he loses a
trick by hie discard Heshould protect the suit
in which the ten forces the ace from his partner
Trick 10. Ruffing his partner's trick makes no
difference now, Y having given up his protection |
in the club suit, but ity had kept his clubs he
could now give Z two discards of his losing dia-

would have made Undine, the Erdgeist, laugh
before she cot a soul, Putting the Japs down as
Erdgeists would explain so much—the fascina-
fion they exercise over one at first, the strange
way in which that influence ceases to act as one
becomes better acquainted with them and meas-
ures the true depth or want of depth of their char
acter; their great smartness in picking up ian-
guages, ond in adopting inventions, patents and

monds If Z passes this trek. It looks as if Z| Cyare vente y i >
pou pass in any case, as he has nothing to lead fuability pag piven by pean — oo
but the diamonds, in which Y seems to be help The people seem to be ashamed in fact to have

borrowed so much, and they are sternly drawing
the line at religion in consequence, because, fur
thermore, they do not see any practical use in it,
and becanse, as it's the only thing that the West
erner presses on them gratis, they think that it
must be a suspicious kind of merchandise, Noth-
ing is commoner tian to hear the native pastor
announce with pride that if Japan ever does con
~ | sent to accept Christisnity, she will do so on her

Here is another case of trumping in on part- |
ner's tricka which shows rather too careless reac
ing of the situation for animportant match, The |
nine of hearts was turned and the Parks had the |
ning lead. ‘The deal was one of the last, No

45, and it was the one that practically settled

eny chance Park had a winning.

 

 

 

 

 

nation produces, and we are consequently 4
mateh for any one nation under the sun,”

The Japanese aro now importing a cood many
English horses of the best kind for their military
studs, but their own wire little animals are not
| at all to be despised, being as enduring as the
Boer pony On these horses a number of young
Japanese ofecers lately made something like a
record ride considering the nature of the country
It was from Kumamoto to Rokura and back,
| a distance of 285 miles in all -and was covered
in 62 hours, 55 minutes hy Posten Fukuda

The Japanese do not seem to be going ahead

ieee esi ctmieslicea ® eciac becataccctieas enn terms, jneaning that ghe will firat cut and

' alter it until it is completely Niponized) Many

Bicseroonnl OF 93 910 | Qk a the Protestant maiagions rave allowed these
erties to be taken, The Japanese who apea

penne ; 6 : ® +6 Ke in ie mapnes a generally Christans, and
Las axaues @ 10 hristians form, of course, only a very sma

4 a e 7@ section of the community, The great body of
. VA | 92 99 now Christian Japanese, or rather their leaders,

as e104 5 seem disposed to draw up a coda of morals for

| @ | themselves and to make it serve the purposes of

95 |98 270 a religion, It is not at all impossible indeed

30/187 log — that by and oy a commission of philosophers

— Q @ | may be sent to Europe and America by the Goy-

| ernment of the Mikado to select whatis best from

Qo K 4, ° 6 © | each of the numerous churches in these countries

80 70° | 20 105 and aerware to pill togerher 4 ne noout of

— the odds and ends they have brought together,

90 #2 A © | as the Japanese military authorities formed the

| ==) national Army by taking hints from the armies

44+ |49 do | of almost all of the greet powers Do you see

45 | 4aJ 9 @ | these galiera”” eared A Janauese soldier once of a

foreign critic. “They are Italian. This rifle is

|; #6 |; 4Q sa | German. This haversack Freauch, ‘These socks

— ene - mt | English. This patent flask American. We have

New York Gets nine tricks, a gain of three, in our Army fyou see, the one best thing that each

|

Trick 2. This play is a common error. It is
pointed out in “Whist Tactics” that in a plain
suit itis better to win the first round with the ace ,
80 48 to be sure of atrick in the suit If sou puss |
the first wick, the suit must go round three times
for you to make beth ace and jack, and if you
ostpone the two tricks that are due you until |
he last two rounds youn may not get any of them,
as plain suits do not often go ronnd three times,
and sometimes not twice If you take the first
trick you are sure of your jack if the sult goes
round three times, as you know the queen is on
your right. | an }

The want of knowledge of this elementary | Very fast in¢Formosa, though they are read
ssition shown by A in this case costs four tricks, | ot yarentivy at any ume to add Corea to their
Fa ause if \ had put un his ace and led the tramp | © lonial possesefons, Troubles with the natives
again at once he would have won the third round stilt break out spasmodically, and it seems that
of spades, and B would have disearded adiamond,  '¢ right sort of Japanese colonist is not found for
showing clubs as his suit A low club, so as to | Se new possession as ts ¢ oo France,
get him in to go on with the trumps, would have whom Japan resembles sot h in many ways,
made nine tricks on the deal for Park, insiead | @Pd_ especially in her colonial The

 

methods

 

  

of four only, showing a gain of one instead of a proportion of Japanese settlers to the native popu
loss of three ation of the island is one to Ofis four, but the
, P oportion a shat in makthen oeleninaie .
Trick 5. This is a very bad blunder, A is propertion " id i MALS Sr TOK Aly Ce O08
clearly marked with the ace of spades. B's ex- | to seven. In forgery and other crimes that de

mand acertain amountofeducation the Japanese
colonist leaves his native competitor nowhere
The success of Lord Roberts in South Africa
afforded keen satisfaciion not only to the Emperor
| but to the great bulk of his Majesty's subjects
as well, for the Japs have a strong conviction

cuse was that if he did not get into the lead at
once and goon with the trumps, A could not get
nim in, but B could at least have shown the suit |
in which he had the best chance, and have saved
his trump,

  

      

he makes 4 reverse discard

At the other table A opened the hand by show
Im, mis suit first and then going to trumps, Z
falsecarded the trump king in the same way
which made Is read him for four of them, as he
took the king and queen play for an echo This |
prevented [§ from dropping the two trumps to
gether. which should have lost a tne if the Parks |
ad played the deal weil in the other room

 

andfulleaempathy. Our Sovereian does: )

in the name of himself and the Empresas oniy’ (his

refers to the congratulations the Mikado tele
| graphed to Queen Victoria he speaks in the
name of the whole nation, and wedonotdonhtthat
the British people. appreciating our sentiments,
will derive from this incident an access of friend
ship toward Japan

Like many other Oriental tongues, the Japanese

 

CLUBNOTES | is dual) one language being used for writing

There were quite anumberofimportant matches | and the other for speaking, and as « enoomy
to decide yesterday, the results of whieh wall be | learn the speken language they ere hopelessly
fuund on the sporting page tomorrow The | in the dark when men begin to talk pelities or any
American Whist Club of Boston are in town to | other subteet ont of the beaten track, for ir h
play the New Yorks forthe A. WoL. trophy, and | cases the written langage is, so to say, spelen
Taylor will be on the home team again. The | A number of Japanese literary men have formed
Knickerbockers sent a quartette of teams over | a society for unifying the two latmcruages, and

to Hrootiyn to meeet an equal number of teams | a number of gentlemen from the British | egatuon

from the Brooklyn Whist Club) The result is | are lending their support to the movement
to be decided by ore each match & separate Considering the rate at which the people of all
event A\ number of Americans have gone to] ranks of society are learning Engiish it is not

impossible, however, thatin the courseof, say, five
orsix hundred years, the Japs will be an English
speaking race. During the writers first rambles
in Tokio he often wert astray, but never found
any difficulty in geving directions in Koglish
f schooler met; he found

Toronto to the Canadian championships, which
were finished last night. Last year they did
very well in the principal events,

A correspondent sends us the following ex
cerpt from the writings of a noted long suit editor,

 

 

and asks wiatit means. It was evidently orig. | from the first group:

inally intended for a perception problem lin facet, that more of the naiives knew English
Urieto & it may be asserted with reason } than is the case in Englisi: colonies like Tong

that the plager who has but one part in his reper | Kong, Singapore or Colombe The prinempal

foire, and that the invariable rule of returning | Japanese paver is oublished in) Fretich, the

signs over nearly Ali the shoms are tia Linelish
and in « vast number of stores English is spoxen
In Tokio there is a large collection of odds and
ends of white humanity living by teaching Eag-
lish, and some of them can even speak the lan-
guage themselves~~by dint of teaching it probably.

partner's lead upon all occasions, regardless of
the contents of his own hand or the warning notes
sounded by the fall of cards, enjoys a liberty that
is fraught with menace to his table companions

ace of mind when he is admitted to the sanc

 

|

 

| Spain had entirely neglected this great possession

Prick 6. These discards show « sad want of | & ;

vod team work. A said his partner should have that if England were permanently weakened
seat that he could not possibly be leading | the autlon, for Janan would he anything but
short trumps to make a suit which he afterware hopeful Phe principal vernacular paper: issued
tnrew away and that no matter how he discards, | CX{ras Meeoraingly when Cronje surrendered and
the other must be his suit. H's answer to this | when La yamit Was relleved A) d the : { the
is that for all he knows his partner haa nothing | Peene whe AR trent @ rost asi they iad won a |
but diamonds in his hand. which is quite poss bl victory Hemarives, And as a matter of facet,
and that Ais > afraid that B will lead aclub that | SA the «Jar, owe do not for a moment recard

England as «foreign country the h

 

 

NEW SPRING CARPET

are ready for your looking at—every kind. Be sure to see the

Axminsters-- particularly handsome.
The following are not the newest patterns, but are best qualities. In them we have

an overstock, and this surplus is being closed out at these greatly reduced figures :
EXTRA TAPESTRIES, (best quality), 80c. per yard reg- :

ular, now eises Gee
WORSTED VELVETS, £1 per yard regular, now....-++-+es 72'¢.
EXTRA VELVETS, $1.25 per yard regular, now...... 85c,
BEST ALL-WOOL INGRAINS, 65¢. per yard regular, now 49c,

Of some patterns, hundreds of yards; of others, only enough for a room,
Bring sizes of rooms.

JAPANESE AND CHINESE MATTINGS.

|
An immense stock, this season’s importations, at $4.50 per
roll (40 yards), and up,

JOHN & JAMES DOBSON,

2 EAST J4TH STREET, CORNER 5TH AVENUE.

 

VILLAGTS,

QUEEREST or

TABLET NUMBER FIVE,

 

 

Odd Conditions of Life in the Isolated
Community of Hastings,

From the Paty Wennedee Journal

The village of Hastings Is the most peculiar
communiypin the State, ifpotin the whole Unite@
States. Por while it is a good sized village and
has electric lights, a faultless water system ang
telephone aed telegraph stations the residents

seldom, if ever, have any money and many of

The Story of a Remarkable Morder and
How the Truth About It Came Ont.
Prom the New Orleans Times Democrat
was told by a Police Commissioner

The story
ho was in New Orleans recently

of another city w
on a “isit

“Thea most ingenfous murder I ever knew any
“was committed by a youne®

a rising er al ai

thing about,” he said,

physician, He was practiog

 

place Where I formerly lived, and, with your yer the ehildren who have not been outside of the

misston, 1 will speak of him simply as Pr Smit! piece would nothnow what a dime ts

About a dozen years ago, as nearly os Tre The place is located on the western bordeg

member, this Young man went ou a vieit a reli of the Stale between Maine and New Hampshir@
) one mii, &

tive in a neighboring ci, ar
the third or fourth day of his sia
lady member of the household b»

end from the location {t will be seen thatthe only

yo he startled @ 5 ,
business is thatof{luombering. The people neither

remarking Uiat

 

 

he ‘had a feeling’ that some misiorvine bad ovet- | pay taxes nor vote and even though many of
taken a wae, Planter whem they, beth are the people have spent their lives in the place, they
very well, and whom vill cals \ ae ( ( » ,
Colona Was A prominent reside: ttre docwrs would not know how to mark a ballot From
home town and had 4 large outlyiny pages ala this it ts not to be inferred that the people are
he was in the habit of Visiting cuce a wee not intelligent, for they have the dai

the day of Smith's singular premonition he Was) aoa ai. van , Golly papome
on one of those tours of Inspection, bet fniled are well posted on current events

come back, and the following morning fis © Ty | The town js practically isolated from the oute
was found lying ina cornfleld, He had evicenty | wide world, ‘Tiere is no such thing as carriage

bean dead about twenty-four hours, anc irom
appearance of the body seemed t+ ave

with some sort of fit.or convulsion

 

 

road leading int) the place and the only n

t ve only mean
by which @ person can get in and out is over the
railroad, which is yearly being pushed farther

wen Se

“Of course the affair create! a great stir and can
the police made a pretty thorous esugauon, ang farther into the wood ,
but the only thing they found toat merved any his 1@ reason for the town being so peculiar f
kpecial attention was a small nd viel in the | th One hundred years ago Richard Batche'

der was granted the land from the Staw of Massae

c vest pocket. It was about tie diam- | ©
Sta cha oed paul by four inches dong and had cpueetie, About forty years 4go 20,000 acrem
originally contained a couple of core medicinal > wa was bought by G. A, Hastingg
tablets, which, lying one on top of the other, filled : Bethel, and D. Hastings cf Frye
the little boctle to the cork. A few sill remained Surg They sold a right of way through
inthe bottom. Upon inquiry it was learned with: ae territory to the Wild River Lumber Com
out trouble that the tablets were @ barniess prepa. pany. This right of way was gained that th

company might have a chance to operate 40
acres of land across the New Hampshire line,

With somuch of astart made the company come
mencedoperations, A small stream flows throug
the gorge and along this the company built @
railroad so as to connect with the Grand Trunke
road. A sawmill was built, and that the people
working in the sawmill might have places in
which to live small cheap houses were erected from
a gotten out in the sawmill,

A sewerage system Was next built and th
electric lights, the power being furnished by the
stream. The place is in a valley, with mountains
on all sides, and from an excellent spring at the
side of one of these elevations 4 supply of the purest
water is gained, Instead of having the wat
bronght into the houses it is brought to tubs an
from these the people get their supply of water,
The water works, like the whole town, belong
to the company, the houses are the property of the
company, the stores in the village fork one of the
company'sassets. Itisforthe reason thatevery-
thing belongs to the company that the people do
not have to pay taxes and do not know what
money is

‘The men are all employed by the company and
are paid off only when they leave the community,
When the rent comes due that amount is deducted
from the wages due the tenant. When a man
wants anything at the store he uses his coupons,

ration of soda, and that Jones himse'f had bought
them ata local drug store ‘That ended suspicion
in that quarter, and, for lack of anything better,
the Coroner returned a verdict of death from sup
stroke. ‘There was no ators “a

“Some time after Jones had been buried,” con-
tinued the Police Commissioner, “f learned acci-
dentally of Dr. Smith's curious prophecy, and it
setmetothinking. Eventually Lev \ved a theory,
butit was impossible atthe time to sustain itwith
proof, and for five or six years l keptit pigeon holed
n my brain, waiting for something to happen
Meanwhile, to everybody's surprise, Dr. Smith
wentiothe dogs. He began by drinking heavily,
gradually lost his practice, and finally ak pes d
vitto avold prosecution forcashing a fake draft.
After his tight 1 learned enough to absolutely
confirm my theory as to Jones's death What
had really happened was this ;

“Dr Smith owed the old man a considerable
eum of money and had given @ note, upon white
he had forged his father's name as indorser The
planter was pressing him for payment and had
threatened auit, which meant inevitable exposure,
One day, while they were conversing, Jones pulled
out a little glass vial and swallowed one of the
tableta it contained, remarking that he took one
daily, after dinner, for sour stomach, That
suggested a diabolical scheme of assassination,
which the doctor proceeded to put into execution

Repairing to his office, he made up 4 duplicate Instead of issuing money the company issues
tablet of strychnine, and, encountering the ¢ olonel | a book that has much the appearance of a milvage
next day, asked him to let him have the vial for a book. Fach sheet represents so many checes

or coupons and these are good at eny store. Aa
the company owns the store they dictate what shall
be the legal tender

If the men want wood for fuel they can have all
the refuse from the mill fe ‘

moment, so he could copy the address « f the mak-
ers from the label. Jones banded it over un
suspectingly, and while his attention was briefly

diverted elsewhere Smith putin the prepared tab
thus mak

let. He placed it under the top four, tt If the company
ing it reasonably certain that his vietim would | sends the wood asmall sunt 50 cents a cord, is
take it on the fifth day from that date, Next] charged

The place wasrecently visited by an Augusta
man, who said that while he was there the men used
to shoot deer out of the windows of the sawmill,
Tn speaking further of the town he said that there
is no constable, as none is necessary. The whole
authority of the place is vested In one man, whe
is the agent of the company and looks after the
mill and other property

morning he left town, 80 as to be far away W hen
the tragedy was consummated and some mys-
terious, uncontrollable impulse evidently led him
to make the prediction that first exc ited my sus-
nieon. When I made certain of all this, I located
Bnith in Oklahema and was on the point of ap
plying for anextradition warrant, when he antict-
vated ne by contracting pneuinonia and dying.
| thereupon returned the case to its mental pigeon-
hole, where it has remained ever since.”
“Pardon me for asking,” said one of the lie
teners, “but is that really a true story, or are you
entertaining us with interesting fiction?”
“Itis absolutely true,” replied the narrator.
“Rut how did you learn the particulars?”
“Well,” said the Police Commissioner, smiling,
“Smith was like most clever criminals~he had
one weak spot. He was fool enough to tell a wo-
man. She blabbed,”

SPAIN'S COLONY IN

HARD THING 10 SAY ABOUT A BOY,

Harlem Man's Young Hopeful Resents @
Negative Compliment.

Two Harlem men were coming downtown the
other morning in a surface car, one of whom hag
4 State reputation for his plainness of person,
He calls it an absence of personal pulehritude,
but that ts merely an euphemistic distinction
without a difference, Part of the way with them
came the ten-year-old son of the other one, whe
left the car ata cross street

“That's a bright boy,” said the fond fathey
looking after him as the youngster hopped out
of the way of the next car

“Yes,” said the homely man, “I've got one mys
self.’

“They're a great blessing, aren't they”

“That depends,” admitted the homely father
asifin doubt

“I don't understand,” said the other in a more
or [han pornos tone

“Well. a bright boy," explained the homely ma
“ig all right up to a certain limit, but you don’t
want him to be too dazangly brilliant That'e
the kind I think mine is. I'm efraid he'll strike
a sort of meteoric career when he grows up and
land in the Legislature or the penitentiary or some

lace like those. Last week a friend of mine me
im on the street with his mother It was an ol
friend whe had known us before we were re hen

 

AFRICA,

She I« Trying at Last to Turn the Rio de
Oro Province to Good Account.

Now that Spain has lost all her large colonies
she is doing all she can and encouraging every
effort on the part of her people to develop the small
colonial possessions still remaining to her, par-
ticularly in Africa, Spain's largest possesaion
in Africa is the district of Rio de Oro, south of
Moroceo, It fronts on the Atlantic between Ca
Bojador and Blanco for about five hundred miles,
and extends inland from 420 miles in the north to
600 miles in the south. ‘This territory is about
onetwelfth as large as the United States, but
inland it is mostly sand, and development is possi
blelon an important seale only in the coast regions,
unteas minerals may be found in the in terior

Spain's ambition is to make the most of the
fertile strip along the coast, developing plantations
to supply Spain with a variety of tropical pr ducts
and establishing trading posts for goods of Spanish
origin, which may be exchanged with the natives
for their gold dust and ostrich feathers, Induce-
ments, therefore, are being offered to a consider
able number of farmers and traders to go to this
new region and make it worth something to the
home country,

A mineral survey of the region is now under

"My, my, he said, patting the boy on the hea
‘how very much you look like your father.’ An
fnstead of thank ne him and_being pleased, what
do you suppone my brilliantoffspring sald? Why,
hegaveashortruntof disapproval and respond
‘Well, L think that's a hard thing tw say about
boy that never done anything to you."

"Didn't his mother reprove bim?" inquired the
other one sympathetically,

wav, It is quite certain that in seme parts con "No, she only ’

1 ‘ No; only laughed. I'm beginning to lose
ridera bie & id may be ob tal ‘ : par cuany, aoe confidence in the mothers of the rising generatlo:
the Rio de , He Spaniards Whi aso endeavor, | aan” and the sensitive father bowed beneath hid

unleas France too strenuously Opposes the idea
to divertsome ofthe trade from ‘Timbuetoo to their
port on the coast and thus establish direct trade |
relations with the fertile Soudan, Up to this time |

burden of homeliness.

The Intelligence of a ‘Sun’? Reader

| makes hima safe person to treat with. Bea
\frica and it is searcely probable that ite de | this in mind if your goods to be disposed of
velopment would pow have been undertaken | have value. An advertisement in Tae Ru

if Spain still had ber former large colonial ia- | will lead to @ ready market and desirable
terests to absorb her attention | purcbasers.— Adv.

\r NO a TAMLETS |
\7%e B wn hd: &/
\ BE OR mC
uta
\ pr ce

Cio cint97

POPULAR
EVERYWHERE

They teach you how

to sin and not repent