——=

 
   

 

 

 

 

Americans to get their non-combatants out of
danger. One result of this bas been to increase
very greatly the labor of the Department of Streeta,
Sanitation, Parks and Fire

This department may be said to have been or
ganized late in August, 1508, when Capt. Lea Feht
ger, Twenty-third United States Infantry was or-
dered to take change of it. His work was to clean,
water and repair all city streets, remove all garbage
of the municipality and supervise the fire depart-
ment. When Capt. Febiger looked around to
wee what the Spaniards had done he found @
ourious little paid fire department and nothing
else. That was the entire Spanish provision
for keeping the city clean and sauilary ‘Lhere
waa nothing to indicate that any attempt had
even been made looking toward a solution of the

’ ‘ TING) i upon it, and grew in personnel, {: became neo. ing and afternoon the streets along which there VUB CHENS CORNER, CENTRE GAMBIT. :
TASK OF CLEAN ING MAN ILA | ounars to have mote Americans actively engaged are water mains are sprinkled, and the Paseos | Tabunt | abi
in supervision, On keb, 1 of last year, the ny always get @ special groomiug just before the achikof. Schabetakd sentiott,  Sohadelatkt,
was dividedinto two disinets and capt. C,H. driving hour comes on in the afternoon. Gans | propiem wo, 905--BY MAK FSIOL, VIENNA, White. Blick. White Blick. P
THOROUGH WORK ACCOMPLISHED | Marin, rourwenth U.S. Infantry, took charge of two peones with @ section of hore do this work avarata 1P—Kd P—Ke 11Rh—-R2 Kt-—NS al 4 . E
BY AMERICAS ARMY OFFICERS, | Of the Wrritory north of the Pasg River, Capt and the hydrants are so clone together that no ' 2P—Q4  PaP | 12R-—R Ktabch Sek F your hair is falling, if you have
4 vhs. | Feber continuing in charge south of the river, part of the street ts left unwatere This street | BLACK—TRN PIBCES. oQaF Kt-QRS 1d Qakt KtaP } , teed i ; ara
When Capt, Lebiger joined bis regiment en its sprinkling ts kept up even in the rainy -eason, KBB 4 Ka Kt--Ba | ia Rt R3 p.- + dandruff or ite ing scalp, ca a
Frightfal Condition of the City as Left by iyi vent to Jolo, Capt, ©. WH, Hilton of the Colo- for the beat of the sun Ls so fleres that with but K onQ4; Qong R: Kts on Q Kt and :Bon! 5 h—-Q2 B--K2 | 15 Castes Qt he HAIR AND SCALP INSTI.
the Spaniards—The Work of the Fire: rac Y Regiment took bis place. ‘Then the Coloe a few hours of sunshine even after a heavy rain, K Kt; PaonQ Kt 4, QB2,K 4,6 Kt4and KKt7, oo Be Castles 16 P oKu ort t ne t s :
men—Division of the Work of Kemoving rados went home and Capt. Tilton man sriloned Cah room will be not only, dry a roe iladad i On a iz oh. OKs TUTE, 526 West Broadway, New York,
ria Capt. Martin being placed in charge of the entite ‘There are a few well-paved streets, 9o— va | He pe pat
Garbage and Refuse-Thy Rond Making, depariment,. later oul, ScE, ttottoma, Sixth blocks being the principal material axed. For 10 hone tie .. 18 Tcaieue Q and consult the physicians. Don't wait
MANILA, P. L, Feb. 17 In normal times the U.S, Artillery, was detailed to take charge of the most part, however, (ho streets are macadem Yih until your case becomes chronic, Con
Manil bout 200,000, At the , the northern district and Lieut, KR. H, MeMaster ized. Very good material for this work isowned FF _ WY Ovmy iy RUY Loprz. ) sg
population of Manila is about «0, of the same regiment to the southern district, by the city and is obtainable in any quantities My Y//4 Why Lewin. 8 1 teow Sybin. sultation and microscopical examination
close of 1890 It was estimated to be something | ‘Ar thw same thne the care of the parks Was Added desired at very reasonable cost. At Guadeloupe Wik | . Whtte, Ble | Whe Black. ill cost vou nothin The physicians
Hke 100,000 in excess of that number, ‘This eX | to the work of the department, ‘up the Pada River there is a stone quarry ow ned Aa Yih. je 1P KG pha’ 20 K6 RS will cost + &- ys
; i Al the outbreak Capt. Martin ts wel! fitted for the work be has by thecity which furnishesexcelient road matcrial, Uy; A | 2 Ki—KBS KicoBs 20 z Rs du % are in attendance from 9 a. m. to 5 p.m.
Gane was due to the tnaurnection todo and takes alively interestinit. The course, Ip the San Mateo River, near the pumping staven Uy , g Y 3H-Kth) Pp oh 2 PBS Rn-K ——® a , :
of hostilities the natives who had been fouled by | jp enginewgng which he took at West Point was of the water works, there ja p vers Bae quan Ysidl's Day OO yyy FH) AD-RE Ki DS 23° Ki Blak ij, ¢ daily, excepting Sunday. If your engage-
bellef that the Americans supplemented bb everal venars’ oxperience as of gravel which drains quickly and packs Gown 5 , 5 Castles KtaP 4 gir: 1 .
oo dequorgs oo = Te Sasa who only Piet “Guerermanter at Vancouver Barracks, solid and hard, becoming incre firm with use 6 P~y4 P—-QOKta o5 he-B2 a Heh ments are such that you cannot call, mail
were & mal ct Mondihirshy ana : * where he was in charge for that lange post of, and rain, Recently one of the inspectors discov ? Km Rta p-O4 * Raq. aReh a small lock of your hair, and state in
needed the opportunity to take their lives a8 Well eC Caciy the sort of work he is mow carrying on, . ered two large beds of similar gravel in the Estero : pre Hh-KS 7 RKB Halen . , I
aa their property, fled in great numbers Grod- | At that ime Gen, Otis was tn command at : al ee _ Antonia (ned just aoe me oe Mek ‘ Be 134 28 Kah Ber, your letter if you suffer from dandruff or
‘ , De ) eouve ( t. Marin had ortunity to leam has been very Jeult to wet read matena : aC ’ 2 a ea
ually they saw that they had been misled, and ST eo eee 4 a op thoroughly, @ up the ever during the insurrection hecaure is Paes i e ' 308 “Reon K ny itching scalp. The phy sicians will
when they returned they brought thetr frends Vrowiedge which bas been of no small value eeny every ume panne were issued w rot It ia Kink A | a1 R Rach OK ie make &@ microscopical examination
pnds with the The leaders | to him in his dificult place in Manila. nder ) down they were abus y the natives, wh 14 BaP ue K-RS
— — _—— y ae ote i a good, | Cai Waddle the eorcion force of the depariment = them asa cloak for running all sorts of contraband iS gah riais | 7 7 RED p_- 6 of the hair, send you a report upon
of the insurrection found that the city was a Boe, | ye own until there ave now twenty officers, ; into the city, This new find was the more ac i6Kt-Kis RLKS onka, 6K . ce ek oak Raleiaihe diets
sale place to have their families, and many Of Oe whom are Americans, mostly from the ooptanee perepee it is in ony renep. jan. a 17.9 Kk6ch K-R 36 Keech s ‘ Pp
i icy of the fi 5 y s 20 men on the ps tin is reclaiming a piece of swamp land fust abov ul KtsKt rawn ve treatment
them took advantage of the huniane poltey o volunwer regiments, and ¥ en 0 P i the old fort and the carts which take refuse to , 19 Qaht Kt—K5 tivet en
}

great engineering problems which the location |

of the city involves, no maps of the streets were
found, nothing to show the whereabouta of any
gowers or even the fact that any existed, no sani-
tary works whatever

The removal of street aweepings and kitchen
waste in certain streets bad been done by contract
under the supervision of the jefes or chief of the
eleven districts In the business part of the city
the householders were held responsitle and the
marketa and barracks were attended to by small
contractors. The blockade and siege of Manila

bad created such a scarcity of food supplies that |

the animals of the contractors had been eaten
and no work bad been doue on the streets in con-
mequence The city was in a frightful state
‘The water supply had been cut off for months by
the insurgenis and there was large attendant
increase in the accumulations, which @ sanitary
condition rendered it imperative to remove in the
shortest possible time. The beautiful public
parks and botanical garden had been destroyed
almost completely, trees cut down or hacked to
pieces al) over the city, and the branches left where

they fell, on the plea of providing an open space |
| and the walled city ttself, Intramuros, making

Ro as to resist attack in the defence of the city
which it was never intended in factto make. To

meet this situation an exhibition of genuine |

American bustle was required, and tt was given
The Spanish organization, such as it was,
was continued as the best means of wetting at the
necessary work at once. Under it the city was
Aivided into four zones and eleven districts, which
division is maintained at present. ‘The Spaniards
fumped all the work together and gave it to the
fire department, which was their only organization.
‘There were nine commissioned officers, the chief

j rolls, A great increase has been made als

ihe property of the department, tools and other
apparatua, é ow more than a hundred bull
carts are in use every day. one contractor Sup-
plying that number at the low rate of $1.70 4 cart
a day,

Capt, Martin's main problem is the removal
of garbage and refuse, There is no sewerage
syswm in the city that is worthy of conside ra-
tion, He bas found recently two underground
drains in the suburbs of Kinondo and San ico
Jas, ‘lhese were sealed up and there were no
manboles through which to get at them, The
first one was discovered by accident in an tn.
vestigation of the reason for the poor work of @
surface drain in one of the streets of Binondo.
The street was opened in several places and finally
the drain was uncovered, When ft was broken
open there was a report like that ofa one-pounder
gun. This drain was followed along tts length
and thoroughly ¢leaned, Then because there

! was nothing that could the done with tt at the

present time it was sealed up again

Hesides these two drains there is an elaborate
system of surface drainace in the walled city.
& few houses along the Pa ig River are fitted with
drains which discharge into the river, In the
walled city the surface drains have been connected
with many of the houses, although that was
against the Spanish jaw, The Government
ficelf was the main offender, however, all the
public buildings being: se connected, In general

throughout the rest of the efty there are vanite |

for the better class of houses and nothing for the
poorer, Under the Spaniards nothing like an
effecuive or thorough dinposition of garbage and
refuse was attempted,
the suburbs and dumped wherever there was &
convenient vacant ground, ‘That Was the the
oretical dispostiion of it, Actualle at was left
to accumulate, as a tule, wherever it would
Under Cant. Martin ® vast amount of work

| is accomplished At an asi: nishingly small ex:

pense, and the thorough working of the system
ik a continual souree of wonderment to the old
residents of the city who were familiar with the
Spanish ineflicieney, “The city is about nine
square miles in area, © street measurements

have ever been taken and {it is mere guesswork |

to say whatis the number of miles of stroets cared
for every dav, The old Spanish division of the
city into zonas and districts serves all per oN
very well ow, however, there is an American
inspector for each zone, Who looks out for all the
work that oes on in it, The first zone includes
the Paseos, or drives, in front of the walled city

  

two districts, ‘This ia the smallest zone in area,
and about the biggest in work, ‘The drives re
quire constantly a large amount of attention
The second zone include. practically all the
southern suburbs, and is divided into three dis-
tricts, Paco, Malate and Frimita, In the third
yone, which embraces the northeastern snburhs,
there are the four distriets of Quine, Santa Cruz,
San Miguel and Sampaloc, Vinondo, Tondo

and San ieolas are the three districts of the |

fourth zone, Lesides these zones there are the
parks to be cared for, which is dona by a detached

foree under an American inspector and florist, ;

aod the Matader and city markets, All. ani
mals used for food in the city must be butchered

t was hauled out into |

be dumped there go on a few yards after dumping
and load up with road material to bring back
to the city. Capt. Martin is also using the old
stone from the rulus of buildings tumbled down
by the great earthquakes of fifteen years ago,
and in doing so is finding good material and
clearing up unsightly wrecks at the same time.
Down in front of the Malecon drive the remains
of the old port works block up the view of the
bay, There are rows of huge bleks made of
cement and gravel, These blocks are broken
ae and used on the roads, It is excellent material
when covered with a ton dressing of gravel

The Spaniards had a poor idea of road making |

and their sireets were constructed with no pro-
virion for drainage, They were flat or lowest
in the centre, so that water stood in puddles,
and usage wore them out very quicki¢ In the
earlier part of the American supervision of the
streeta there was little opportunity to make im-
provements, but in the last few months Capt. Mar-
tin has accomplished @ great deal, particularly
in some of the suburban districts where the roads
were In wretched condition, ‘The Escolta and
Rosario, the main business streets, are in sad
need of an entirely new vement, but they are
net likely to get it until the new government has
had time to begin to get adequate revenues from the
city, and to take stock off all the improvements
that must be made ‘The macadam streets are
being put into first-class shape vory rapidly
and with the opening of the river, so that material
may be bad in large quantities, that wor! will
be quickly finished up. ‘The roads now building
are ail well rounded upinthe centre and beld in
place by strong curbs Citfmately a system of
tiling and sub surface drainage must be put in
which will protect the streets in the heavy rains
When the American system ts thorouchly
working and bas the effective co operation of the
restdonts of the city, the problem of the disposition

will compel the erection of a crematory, When
the southwest monsoon blows the bay is frequently
so rough that it is impossible for the scows to

| Wave the river sometimes for several days.
| ‘Lhore must be some way to meet this emergency.

The great probiom of course is that of sewerage,
The eity is built >n what was originally a marsh.
It islow and flat, and submerged sewers wil! not
drain, ‘The current in the river ts very swift at
iimes, but the turning of the tide makesit tmpracit-
cable to attempt to use tt to carty off the sew age
Capt. Martin ki not had opportunity as yet
to give the subject) a thorough study, but he ts
inclined 10 favor a svstem of surface sewers with
forced flushing, draining into catch basins, and
cremation of refus: Ile has already extended
the system of surface drains, and recently con-
structed new ones in Rinondo and San Nicolas
which lead to the bay. These draius are vex
atious however, because of the diffculry of keeping
them open. Unless they are curbed well they
tiland elogin a very short time, and the natives
take them as excellent places to throw all sorts
of rubbish. The tremendous rains of (ho wet
season are an almost unanswerable argument
against underground sewers because they could
hardly be built large enough tocarry off the water

Considering al! that has been accomplished, the
expen e ofthe department so farts very small Itis

 

K on QB; Qon K BA; Kt on K 6: B on K B7; Pa
on QR5,QKt4,QU2,QH6 and K B2.

WHITR—NINE PIECES.
White to play and mate in three moves.

PROBLEM NO. {04—BY A. CORRIAS, ROME, ITALY.
RLACK—EIGHT PIECES.

Kon K 3;Ron K 7; KtonQ Kt, Bs on QR and
K 8; Pson Qh 6, K B 2 andh B?7,

 

of parvage will grow to a size which probably |

3; QonQ R&: RonQB7; Kitson QS and
nKR7 PonQgBs.

WHITE-SEVEN PIECES,
White to play and mate in two moves.

o-

STUDY--BY J. SEHWERT,

BLACK—POUR PIECES.
Kon K R4:QonQB5:; Pson K2 ana K Kt2.

'1RBEKA P-KRE |

VIENNA OPENING.
Schadeisit, Lebedew. | Schabeiski. Lebedew.

White. Black. | White. Black.
1P-Kea Pha 14 B--Q5 ~K2
2Kt—QB3 Ki—QB3 | 15 Kt--Q5 K
dP PxP | 16 Castles(QR)/KKt--K2
4Ki--—b3 P—-KKUW | 17 Kt-—b6 Hakt
5P—KR@ P—K | 18 Pab Kt--Q4
6Kt-KiS P--Q3 WH -Kb -B
7P—Q4 P 3 20 B--Qh4a —b2
S BaP Pakt 2b Kw P—QR4
¥ PxP HK--Kt2 22 P--H4 Ki(Q4) KtS

10B—KS 8 23 PQs Kt-—K4
11 Q---Q2 ~-Q?2 24Q--hS Queen

12 Kt-QS Qa 25 B--B4 \(K4) Q6eh
WKtaPeh K-Q 26 Resiens,

CHESS AT HAVANA.

Following {s the Orst of the series of games, as |
| played by Pillsbury in the Cuban metropolls, His

opponent was the local amateur Jacinto Ruiz:
RUY LOPEZ

Pillsbury. Ruz ' Pillsbury. Ruls.
White. . ae ! White. Blick.
1

1P—Ka 1B Kis PQs
2Kt--KBS Kt--QBS | 12QR Q Qr-Q
JB KW P-Q! WARK Q- KY
4P--Q4 B-y2 4k KS KE Ra
SKt BS rap 1S Kt--Qd kK 2
6 KtaP Kiskt 1A K--RS Pp B3
7 Baten gai 17 Ktalteh Rakt

8 QxaKt t- Ba ISQ YSeh Q-KS
9 Castles BK? 19 Rabe Resigns,

10P—Qkt3 Casties

The appended game, which wil! be found rather in
feresting, was played by the New York crack Ett
linger against the Mextean Consul at Havana, Senor
Vaajuez The former won the game in tine style.
‘The score:

SICILIAN DEFENCE.

Fitlineer, Varquen. Ettlinger, Varquer.
White Black, White Blick,
1P--K4 Pp--gba SOQ 5 Rh
2Kt-QHS PKS SI Q- KW K-hS
JP-KABW PQs 42 QaQeh Hxy
4PxP PAP 43 RBS K--Qe

5 P—Qs Kt -KB3 MRK Kh
6 H--Ki2 Kt-HS Kio R-Yy?
78—Ku B-KS Qit4 Khe

&KKt-K2 P- Qs Kt4a K—

OBRxKKt Qabl th P—HS
1OKt-K4 QQ A® KtPxXP H--Kts
11 Kt-H4 Q “Rich 49 PS BP K—Qs
12K™Q2 B-Qs 4) PHS Bie
ta Kub Pakt , b&ch Ke--lia
14 Hakich Pali K6 R- Qi
18 Q—K2 K--Q? K4 R—iDa
wcasies Q-Q k2 K—BS
1WQR--K Qh? | KW? K—K2

 

19P—KR& QR—KB | 48RaRP  K-K3

20 Kt-—-KU R-BS | 4a P—Kta K-—-Qs
| 21P—KH4 KK-B 60 P—Kis KxP
22 QSRP Key SI RRS aP B--K6
23 R—K4 R—R3 S2R—-Qkhoy K-~KB?
24Q-—-Kt4  KR--BS 53 P—RS K—BS3
25 PBS P—Ka 54 H—Ki6eh K-14
26 Kt—K6 Rakt 53 P—Bi PxPep
27 PxR RaKkP f6 RAB K 5
28 P—QKIO R-—RS 57 R— BS R-B:

mK—Kt2 P—QR4 58 Reh Resigns.

 

 

 

a a

“CURED BY

FREE OF CHARGE,

CRANITONIC

 

How You Have Longed

fora toilet preparation that would allay that annoying itching, remove that troublee
some dandrulf, stop that falling hair, and make hair grow.

We offer such a remedy in Cranitonic Hair and Scalp Food.

It does this work and does it thoroughly, because it reaches causes, not symp.
toms. Itching scalp,dandruff and falling hair are not diseases per se, but are surface

| indications of parasitic diseases hidden deep down in the scalp.

Cranitonic Hair and Scalp Food penetrates to the entire depth of the hair follicle
destroys the micro-parasites which cause these symptoms, and feeds the weakened

hair-follicles back to health.

The cause being removed, the scalp irritation is allayed, the dandruff ceases to
accumulate and the hair, taking on new life, is anchored firmly in its socket.
This is the solution of a simple problem which to many appears complex.

CRANITONIC HAIR AND SCALP INSTITUTE,

526 WEST BROADWAY, NEW YORK CITY.

 

WOMAN'S COLLEGE WORLD,

The Effort to Ratse Wellesley’s Debt--Rhet-
orle at Barnard and Bryn Mawr,

 

 

Wellesley College, just at this me,has reason
© be grateful for its alumne, since they have

{for the occasion. The committes for class day
| consists of Miss Evelyn Osborne, Miss Florence

Sull, Miss Virginia Neweonmb and Mias Helen
Cole. The clas+dav others are Salutatorian
Miss. May Goldsberough, presentation. orator,
Miss Flinor L. B. Reilr: class poet, Miss Jeanette
Bliss Gillispy: class prophet, Miss Julie Wurv-
burger, valedictorian, Miss Florence Lippincott

 

met by allotment from the civil fundson warrant of
the Governor General, Each month an esiimate
is submitted to him of all the proposed expandi-
tures forthe next month ‘The work tn the parks
has hardly reached # stage as yet to attract much
attention. Tt has been almost entirely one of
The number assigned to the ¢cifferent districts | rescue from the desolation resulting from Spanish
varies as occasion demands. All report for rol}, vandalism Just before our occupation of
call at 6 o'clock every morning, and the ofcer  Maniia the beautiful botanical garden was turned
at the head of the district must be present. ‘The | over to the public for @ carabao pasture lis rare
\merican inspector always sees at least one roi] | plants and orchids were taken by whoever wanted
call & morning and some times manages to be | them, and Uitte trace of them has been found | K on K R2: Kien @ 4; Been QBS and ERA Po

!

}

|

taken it upon themselves to lift the load of debt A matter of much interest to the seniors and ta
from the college. The attempt began about a the other students of Barnard isa plan for a pin

me s > $ to be worn by all four classes of undergraduates
year ago when Mrs. Winifred Edgerton Morrill Three designs have been subiniiied to the students

Manhattan Chess Club on Wednesday: } was chosen national chairman, to be assisted by the undergraduates’ society and their decision

|
in the Matadero under American supervision |
|
FOURTH GAME—PFTROFF'S DEFENCE. by committees in every State of the Union in rais- will be announced at the next meeung of the
!

and the markets have heen subiected to an tn.
spection which inb blraeddy feliiminated inany
abuses and will result in A vast improvement
to the health condition

No fixed division of labors ts made for the peons

heing a Spaniard, and the others nearly all Fill-
Pinos, eleven noncoms., eleven artificers and
Bixty firemen. ‘This force was the aristocracy
of the department The men got 810 a
month and lived in the engine housea, They
Provided their own food and uniforms. The
officers got pay ranging up to $53.38 a month,
and in addition to their duties at fires had tosuper
intend the work on the streets. ‘This work was
done by a force of 240 peones, who were paid for
their street work and incidentally were obliged to
turn outand help the regular firemen in case of fire.

BORTHING VS, HALPFRY,

Following ts the score of the fourth game of the
Match between Roethingand Halpern, played at the

 

Ay
SN
SS

we

ah ; : Undergraduate Society
Roething. Halpern, | Roething. Halpern ng money. By this method 869,000 has been Barnard Is rejoicing in the possession of a new
White. Black. | White, Black, procured within the year, $40,000 in money and German society called “Der Deutscher Kreis*
a. ° , : ;
ae tes Ki ‘ips 5 fet! R= 04 $20,000 in pledges. ‘The alumnm have worked French has been represented by « club for some
SktsP Poos | 44 a 3 Pap ume, but German unul now bas been neglected
Kut \ 2 ns 8 Kw The new soviety 14 to meetevery second and fourth

 

hard before, but an offer recently made by Mr

present at two Any man who is late fs not per. | It will take years to restore the place to an ap | Qh0% anak Kt 4 i BS Pr-pee pis Rockefeller to give $100,000 for a permanent ‘Thursday in the month, fs object 18 ty “discuss

mitted to work that day, that is he is not paid roximation of its beauty and compl-teness, | 1 ; Sa . : ‘ ae
for the day and of course does not work. Rie Supt. Ridley is g tins the parks into pre- WHITE=SIX PIRCES. 6P—Qa K-K2 31 K—R B-H3 endowment fund as soon as the debt is raised, - man Uveratuse, ane aay ue facts In cone
(B—-Q3 = =B—K16 will put zest into their endeavors. The twenty BGHOP Song We ewucenis us tes lar a eee

5 P--Q3 Kt—KB3 aOQ-Ke R~ Be
sentable shape as fast as he can, however, 82 QR-Q Q—Kt2

But, it ts safe to say that the process will be ace

he is cautioned not to repeat the offence. If he
fifth anniversary of the college occurs next June, | companied by fun as well as improvement

8 Castles Castles 38 Kt B2 P—KRS4

  

 

 

 

And well mate, with energy and progress. There
is much work to be done. The old moat, with
its stagnant water and tts slimy growth, is & good ’ COND CORRESPONDENCE TOURNAMIN’
subject for the photographer but a danger to life, ich DANE Eee tear
Thera is no reason why it should nel ren

hold tothe bricka, Such sandis notfoundevery-  Cr.te.sm Pootry and the B.ble were thus \ change has been made in the rhetoric de 5
where. Itda widely diatributed, and{sfoundsome fully emphasized But music, too, received at- | Mentrecently which will bring great joy te the

“ ° tention from Prof. \waldo S. Pratt of tartford, | student who wields an unready pen The courses
times tn considerable areas and sometimes in who discussed ‘Musc as a University | of rhetoric, co

of sight of the inspector considerable delay would According to the statements to hand the follo arg w
as } t win o ? Ss { fs m
s inesitable result Thi -CPSELLY \ mn . nt : ) , - 4 small patch 's In opening a new road or grad- Study All the mater.al indeed fora symmetrical reuments hich were rewired of all candi
be the In table rest S Meceselty MAKES | one of the most Picturesque features of the quaint Aree filed to play fn the second round of the secon : a ine tc ‘ in these Wel for the Bo A. degree at Barnard College in th

the work difficult because the servants whose ry a 2 . . ae correspondence tournament among the reade i an old one, or gracing off property, a m development seenis to be could a f
old city, butat the same time it may be made into forresy & aders of ?ng ie F © PRODOrY, an i 'sley lectures. Sc ence was represented by Prof, | junior year, have been made optional instea! 0

Husiness itis to keep the household premises clear { THE SUS. J AL Madan, 75 bast Fifty sixth street 4

one Bee eteaed lab P beenty Ana’ Fe | a useful AS well as ornamentay part of Manila, aus punt ss A ne o oe i — tt es may come across @ deposit of sand suitable for Sarah Fo Whiting, of the. phys.cs department, | compulsory Next year's seniors may alse hin

in every way to shirk it) They refuse either by cleaning if out and runing water f° Wilkinson, 3) West 130th street, New York: building purposes. In such ease he has found who lectured on “Wireless Telewraply if the | reason to rejoce, since it t9 probable that 1
ays so weal arranged, graduation thesis will be abolished alse This

necessary to prohilit the men on the carts from gin very shortly
going Into the yards or houses after the garbae

baskets. If thes once got off the street and ont

in fifteen bundred and something, and had had no
repairs except paint. ‘The fremen were glad to
continue their work under the Americans and
their service has been in the main faithful and
loyal. in some instances remarkably as on the

|
'
|
° ; = Pa 5 ' » White to play and win.
The firemen, or bomberos, did no work on the | does the same punishment ts inflicted ‘The third | and with the rapld growth of vegetation tt will | oye ;
: : ) , ) fore they show w “y were Ss (ved h ' v B-HKKtS Kt—b3 MR-KKY Q—-Kws
atreets, and very little anywhere, for in spite of coeeeee 9 ote te bie lant report fn the do- | os we Sane eer they again sho hat they wer la eeren jo Tints Ryeen's one ond om 10 P—-B3 Kt~—Q4 135Kt-KS. R—-KB and it is the wreat desire of the alumne and the Ata recent meeting of the trustees. a Nominating
» e ) » 4 ’ > + ” + : . = = Lane = J Do M
the exceedingly inflammable nature of the mater- | And can never be replaced on them. It was a | The old nipa markets of th city were not only C J. w alnwright, ponioe, Mane: Coens Kenn HH 5 % Bias 5 a a B Br college to celebrate it free from debt, with Mr ares oe, er ee lea Peers
*, * 1 1 ' y a, . we . . - . sa , a 5 | . 4 D e. ome
fal out of which most of the buildings in Manila | hard system to get into working order hecause | 40 eM are a Initiative bets rt oe sae Barry ‘Medtord Mass. . ¥ ee 13 B—K3 P—Q4 34 P--Qdch ab | Rockefeller’s gift available. This happy result) will probably be filled by a won an. Wonen
“ . ‘ i F , ratte » arry, 3 . . ad i a A . . . > .
are constructed, there were and are very few fires o dn see A ge ae naka but ic Senter | ety the Exetnenrs and one of the wore baa bok Additonal ra ha gd Nall peecives Tee Wy aac is ki Lo ft sae | op ire h pt of eighteen months’ work will mean untiring effort. + ineeed. are descending upon Barnard in great
un : ff punctuality a vg) s wo : f Ca javersiraw, N, to No. . . Warwick, -_" = Ahh } 2 } p three on ac y
lhe peones belonged to what the Spaniards called vetr well now and there is steady improvement. removed already and a new steel market is in St Pa A inn to Nos. ROL and 802; R Monrad 16 R--B K~R ai ht-K6 Be Ko Mrs, Merrill is indefatigal @ She lives in | past yg A op name a"
- 3 stl o's ai * atinatt ‘ u, ’ ‘ ‘ q ’ > ° ats 7 ’ ’ 80 in )
the Cuerpo de Bomberos, and wore ne uniform Fach district inspector assigns his men to work process of eres tion, When itis finished astmilar Jjeeoran, da., to No. 901, and from _F. J. Willits, | He ie R—K 42 QQ RxQ Albany and is at present managing @ lecture | The treasurer's report given at the ‘rustes
except the hatband bearing those words. They an street sweeping of repairing as he sees fit the eee tee AA nteeten x nd ‘Edwin I Baldwin one aes: 10 Bxb ” Bens ui pone Bist” course for the lenefit of the Wellesley endowment | Meeting gave tbe ex: enses of the college lass
* z | y M Y e N. Je, an ‘o » Ht dy »O Ife, Ney NO. + tp . ‘ - | a , +e ‘
got from 88 ty S104 month All references to | anil — the details for garbage collection. As | the rver front neat the susp nsion bridge gor. 20Kt--K2 PKK 45 K-—R2 P- KB fund. Brahma of New York has already lectured | Ytf 8% 850,000, 845,000 of which was net |
he finds out where the men do best he keeps them : \ ! ' | 21Q-—-Q3 Q—R2 1/46P-Qh4 R-Q?2 4 tuition fees, An unusual growth has manifested
dollars in this story are to silver at that hind of work Immediately alter roll The en ak ” oa a Se fatue } CORRESPONDENCE. 22 Bak grax a7 Kt-Wg PR? in this course, and Ernest Seton Thompson, | ftelf in the college this year and twenty seven
There were three engine houses in which were | call each morning te men scatter to their various | ~ caloumiy eton Belt coupation baa praulted J, Adler, Portland, Ore.— “lease forward No A498 | om Ra ~-BS | 48 Kixp xP author of “Wild Animals | Have Known, wil | @tudents have entered since the year opens
atored two steam end five hand engines \ll | tasks and the inspector begins @ round of his | in'a thoroughly peaceful engrafting of their meth- ona diagram, and your s lution shall be examined. | $e a “Bt, ay Ki—H4 Resigns, take histoursery soon Otheralumna areejuelly) | Barnard students seem to be manifesting much
zone to see that they are at it The officers in york of C M ' \ RB. Schultz, New York—-Apply for permission to } * ’ ° | Thr. 20m, the enterprising, aid if fa thfulness and perseveranes | interest in learning the ideal way of teaching
the hand apparatus was unserviceable, but one of | s of the districts fo to the corral ods. In the work of Capt Martin's department : ‘tttee of the Manhat h Nt ill the dav, Wellesley will surely have the | Half of the members of the senor class took
charge of the districts go to the corral of the | the old residents and the natves have had their  *h¢ House Cominitire of the Manhattan (hess Cliih, —_ = Fee ee ees 1 : sent ’ Nae
the five engines was pverhouled and putinto con | eontractor and select the number of carts they | Another Bet Dectded—A wins, A mate con be required sum on its twenty-fifth birthday course offered by Prof. Nicholas Murray Bu
t ts they | gest demonstration of what the fultlment of the :
dition to doa little work. Some ofthis apparatus | need for the day's work. These are turned over | ; ise will mean. The city is picturesque effected with two bishops, BUILDING SAND, ‘he college recently has appeared parteulary | on the “Principles of Fdueaton” Ths cour
“ted undoubtedly {el | to the men who at once go about the collection | pr mi A Gave teeutitul The Shani eek _ Several Headers- Apply to the Secretary of the | Foi A A wideawase and energetic in its play aad in its includes lectures, essays, requ red readin at
was constructed undoubtedly as models to he @x- | (¢ garbage Every householder is supposed. to | ane a ier tistic " effect ndleay te ihe Knickerbocker Athlete Club, . About Half a Million Dollara’ Worth Used | work. ‘There bas been such an outpouring of | discussions. The interest in this course has |
hibited to possthle purchasersof the real articles. | faye all the refuse about bis place keptin baskets | WVUvan te Ree heh oeeiees Student, New York= Stanley H. Chadwick, the | z : . lectures in part cular thatonly a girl intellectually | been superficial, as the results of the mudi
. ii wan ‘ 5 ay sapere r} 2 ” through the ageney of decay i Americans  Seeretary of the Brooklyn Chess Clud has accepted | Yearly iu This City and Neighborhood, . it ieee “> up with th With examinations just ounced pro without
No other explauation will eecount for its existence | So that as the carts go throuh the streets it can are already showing that beauty and ricturesque the office of British umpire at the forthcoming cable | mus ulapcoule h je to keep upwi ythem thio aie fn is ju ann i" « m uve v ,
withanvthing like satisfaction  [twasall bought be taken outto them and dumped Cortadnearts | affect are not compatible with cleanliness and chess matet Building sand, used in mixing mortar, must be the last two or hires weens, beni de weg nier has | on for not one of the twenty-two meribers
' make the rounds before Fo clock in the moraine rood sanitary conciions, with streets well kept G. H. Wheeler, Brooklyn --The masters’ tourna- | sharp sand, to make mortar hold togethe d yetured om The Pore of Today, pnd Ere. | cies eee Pe ree coe eines © Oy URE ie
soon after the Spaniards con jyuered these islands, in order to prevent loaling it has been found | 8! ‘ : . , ee ment of the Manhattan Chess Club is scheduled to be- | P f OMar hod gether, as Riggs of Auburn, No Y¥., on “New ‘Testainent | plies a mark between Son d 90
|
|

sitting of dade themes, and ‘

 
 

   

 

a

oecasion of the attempted native uprising in the
city on Peb. 22 last vear Atthat time any native

   

se in many

    

 

    

: 1 os 7 through it, or by Hiling tt up and construetin | S4 Seventh . ag Oe : “ote

who continued to work for the Amcricans Was er \ne pe meneets cat aad ne catis . bh | drive un it with a sewer tinderneath | But with Philp Merrocr, a Van ene tise vores te gomething that he can sell, insieed of amply aes e oh ikea th have Litde tear of a | final test of a student's rhetoneal powers 9

fn dancer of assassination. Some wera killed Heat eh ie net aS taale to, been oS the questions of the futureCant Martin and they.) Wolter Franz, S75 Willis avenue, New Yor ! earth for the carting away of which he has to pay. Wai, sley girl re vind onesiged | now no toner necessary, because the extended

and others were kidnenped and carried out of the | answering Its summons officers woreing with him are not concerning S$. W. Close. Gouverneur, N. Vo; CF, Haussmann, | ‘The demand for building sand would depend The stuaents, too, have had relaxation enough | Courses in rhetor.c, instituted sinee this require
This crate of affairs has entailed an amount themselves now They have enough work to O12 Poreish street, Philadelphia, Pas Russell and upon its situation and accessibility, 1 might be 0 keep the Lalanece (rue \thietc sports have | ment was made, SU the purpose much better

 

occupy all th ir time and they are doing itwith a Irvin Paull, Wheellng, Wo Va, eleven in el. It ,
i i t . “un in ‘ATHES ere » Lever % muen
thoroughness that augurs well for the city. will Be Bate he tal he ‘wp age missing, limited to what was requir d for the new buildings begu teak poe eat at ne a Son a . Well ley The innovation in the English essay work af@
me ti yon ane ' is h PO é 7 ‘ 2 ‘ 7 , ey mer 4 . ' ) 1 4 y
a namely, that of 13 ese two are in the immeciately neighboring district; but the Golf Club is an aiaustous body. Jt has many | Bryn Mawr College tus year has proved an

recuested to at once inform their respecthe opponents ‘ A :
of thelr addresses, Each man will have to play one , sand would be worth something plans ofstsewn.  listnembers want better grounds | unqtas fled success anu is to be mace a p f the
fo use their good strokes on, so they gave a play dejariment work rescularis It consists of the

. , e . : } :
game with every other contestant according to Ler Sand, such as is used for building purposes, with an entrance fee a short ume ago. The play | introduction of fortmehtly papers on genera

ger'stable. butas{t would be too mich to play all the
ten games at once only the first six rounds of the | 9 found on Manhattan Island, undertheearthy was well given, and was au evicence of ther | subjects into the second year of essay work "
til this vear the whole of the work of the requir

schedule are to be contested, The table
two years of essay writing was given over te

Dyes 1), 30s, 10,468 0,504 8, 6v8 7
Svs, 6,909 5, 10 vs, 4,11 va 3,3 98, 2, critical writing, and it was felt that this was

ey But the bomberos and the peones stuck
to their posts, and worked at the fires of that red
night until they were completely worn oul, and
Gen. Hughes, the Provost Marshal, sent them
home to hard earned rest. They workedin places
surrounded by flames and swept by the fire of both
Americans and insurgents long after the volun
teer company of Englishmen, with lis faney ap

 

of watehfulness on the part of the householders
which only the Amerncans as a rule have been
willing to give, and the work of the department
has been hampered 4S A&A consequence Capt
Martin is meetnng the diffeulty through his sani
tary Inspectors in a very effective way, and with
very beneticial results. Whenever an tnepector
has reason to believe that any premises are not
kept clean, or are in an unsanitary condition, he

 

 

NOW TO ADJUST ELYVEGI ASSES,

Lessons by an Optician Which His Cas-
tomers Will Not Heed.

"Oh yes” said the optician as he fitted a pair

  
  

t
surface, in those parts of the {sland that are not Originality, entertaining to ther {friends and of

; ; very definite Nnanc.al advantage to themselves
rocky, and it is likewise found in the territory On March 1, the aramate clubfrom D nison

 

obtains from the Captein a warrant which au- oa at’ 4 ; |

paratus, bad foundjthe work too hot, fn spite of | thorizes hin to make an inspection. If an order of glasses on the nose of & customer. There | oc 4 ens 6 a nad eerk included in the borough of Brooklyn, but the city’s House, the Boston College Settlement, went out | hardly Just to those students whose crteal acnnen

Paice large financial interests, and hadgone home | w clean up results it is served upon the house. | is an artin putting on nose glasses and atleast Ave 2506. 1,6 68 11,798 10,3009 supply of building sand comes from other sources, to Wellis ley and gave an inlerestng performance | had not been developed. but who might lx t

The fireman are slow and untrained, of course me oe 7 oe tthe: ri + aes iit in | a half of the people who wear glasses don't know Peete i a AS TS oe e ited follo’ from sand banks that are easily and cheaply - Wake oe ah tae is too much gaiety \ | re cae oe a. 4! ee . aa

z x . the departmen we order is notobdeyed within . “he drawing for the numbers resulted as follows: | me ‘ 7 . _ Work ve a 00 et é 7 : ®, ve long essays, thes ut .

and their machinery is absurd, but on the whole | the spectded time, it is repeated and a second | DOW toputthem on. The resultis thatthe moment powell, Haussmann, Irang, Lyon, Russell, Close, accessible; some coming from Staten Island, and Wellesley girl cannot escape it any more than | pers on nineteenth century anthors — all these are

they are comparatively efficient. The Amert. | failure brings the offender into the inferior provost | Shey begin to perspire a little or when they shake Braun, Madan, Wiliinson, Schroer and Paull, from some fromup the North River. Thegreater partof Atlas coulu the world, but she gees not often | stll kept. Part of the work of the secon ar

cans found that the Spaniar le had contracted | °° int forthwith, T? on ered avolis the delays | their heads or make any unusual movement, off } to " mB Sb — nemey,, ren LNs }) will there Heomes Irom ihe north snore ot } ong I+land, from wial to, for work hes vers rare ag ihe | remains undisturbed. Three long essay :

t oun es ‘ a contracts . ald svi aifthee n an | 7 ’ ore have to pias i aussmann, | Cow Bay or from lempstead Pav t is bro students of pssychol gy when they viewe the | be written on an euchteenth or pteenth eenturs

fn London for 4 good many thousand dollars’ worth ~ mii anne oer acai ‘the Graven | Go the glasses smash on the floor or more often the Lyon and cise Ane bs bine $ ft oine franz and here seretig in SCOWS inion of tugboats ene extabat whi twas oat to Paris, as representauve | author, chosen Le the atidew ae ‘ . avon
more of the same sort of foollsh and rid culougs | W protect itself and accomplish its work, hn | Sidewalk. Of course we opticians don't kick, Att rane Hineatt Sod braun et ne wee , Sand may be bought in New York and found of their work, felt that their efforis had not been | one of sx spec fied authors, who are always two '

aes cine ne blacks | herein stock like any other commodity, like sugar, in van. Among other things in Uus exhibit | poets, two prose wrters and two novelisis Por

machinery a9 that already in use, but we were provostcourtis giving the supportneeded promptly , for that very thing gives us @ good part of our against Haussmann, Lyon and Close. for instance, or (our. Itis sold by the dealer in were seis of pheumograph tractogs, lilustraing | example, this year the subjects are Wordsworth

in time to countermand all those orders

Because the firemen were familiar with cus
toms and localities, Capt. Febiger at once put
them at sanitary work tn addition to their regular
duties, and made use of the ponies and carts of
the department to help out those he eould beg
and borrow from the quartermaster ‘Trans
portation was scarce and very hard to get at that
time There was so much to do in the first few
weeks of the American occupation of Manila

 
 

the sand banks to the consumer. The price ig in the localizasion of sound, with or without sug-
ordinarily about fifty cent a cuble vard) It is gestion. ‘The department of psychology is a
e‘mated the consumption of building sand in particularly strong one. The laboratory for its
this city and neighborhood amourts annually to students consists of elght rooms supplied with
about 1,000,000 cuble yards, representing a value electrical connecuons. Tf a stuaent of psychology
of about balf a million dollars,

Q-B3 -Kt
haP R&Kkve
aP

Kt-B7)

<B3 K--R&A

Q- Rich K- Kis
k
v

fails to be wise in her subject, it certainly is not
from lack of apparatus, bor she has at her die
| posal |ourh's electrically actuated pendulum
a kymograph, tambours, @ pneumograph and

Tame cre

 

 

>

CECIL RHODES ASSOCIATES,

we atoms eces menses
SP Be wt

 

 

COLLOLOCCO =

| Sanford’s chronograph, if she wishes to record
Significant List of Holders of British South pliysiolowical reacions, also for other work,

African Company Stock. Zwaardemakers clinkal and fluid-mantle  ol-
factometers, acolor whee), acampimeter, a Wheat-

A list ot the shareholders in the British South stone siereoseope, the Hering simultaneous con-
African Chartered Company has recently been trast apparatus, tuning forks and sonometers,

published and laid before the British Parliament. Muensierberg’s apparatus for the localizations
he names, which are inally of sound; sesthe ometers, balance and grad
Among the n , w are principally those uated weights, besides half a hundred other things

of finnnciers and persons high in the social scale, for special investigadons

3

3
@r2e2a7

moa

an

‘The descriptive writing course, bern tre
years agi more and more elaborated each year
A weekly lecture on atyle and structure is eive
and each student: prepares two papers
In the second semester, the short story
lally studied and each mem» rof the el
construct such & story. wrung the
parts in full and outlining the rest

and wisely. Its punishments are not severe, 4 !
hut they have been very effective, The one block business, There is a good profit in putting in SOLUTION TO END-GAME STUDY, BY F | building materials, who keeps on hand a supply, the effects of attenion and of emotion on the | and Shelley, Newman and Walpole, Hawthorne
new lenses Really the only sensible glasses | - r ¥ » a diminutive mountain or bill of it, enough for breathing, also plotted curves showing the diree- | and Meredith, On every essay and every other
old church — in an. unlooked-for form. k Whi th ! I lish
When some of the friars were cited to the « . ’ y hite, Black, | te, Black. ie reader in English in whose division s
he the court | ears and they never fall off and they don't get out RA K-Kts There are also written comments and crvesos
their benefit of clergy and satd they could be tried | © adjustment They fit on the same place every 3 Be
only by the Archbishop. So In their case Capt. ~ 117 A rR | student is insured
the lone aa fi Should leo, Bar mont \ - Keen} & The new fortnightly papers sre_on assigned
for the time when the situation will be changed fie Ms rene Bich K-—R ka Kt-—RA
by the adoption of Amertcan instead of Spanish | think that spectacles make them look older or | gs. K-Kt BS K-DS recently called forth & cap tal desi Hpton [ @
supper at Delmonico’s, a light essay of “
tal situatio ft j ; "lhe . i . hi K-Kt Q-hK2 and mate !
dune a ae in oe be oo soe Oe Then they don't know how to put themonand if | K3eh K-R ollows in three moves. on formalities; another on dress; the «
that every officer was compelled to resort more . they don't get them just right the eres don't look of an interor, the portrait of a place, an
or less to makeshifts, and do what he could with | estero, or little tidewater arm of the bay. At through the centre of the lenses and If there is any Wis. K-B&: 14 Q-Q3ch, K-Kt 15. K—
7 ; whe oe 4 *. » af. yd sees it arriving at night All th work s
various points on these esteros dumping stations disorder of the vision other than nearsightedness KR 7, 16. Q-R7 ch, K he 6; 17. Q—Ki6 to develop powers al atoareats : ao eal! ae eos
and those he got from the quartermaster Capt | or amall cascos have been hired which are se
‘ sent, ; ' ;
Febiger bad twenty-three with which to begin | to these dumps. The carts unload at these sta- harm than good, to say nothing of the expense PA td ir to bad correcnpatrant oe eee hoe.
}
}
|
|
}
|
\

 

wer which there has been «a stumble was the : ;

; ; to wear are spectacles. They fasten over the | HOLZHAUSEN, enrrent demands, or it may be shipped cirect frem tion and degree of error in a series of experim niw | sight paper each student has ay interview with

under an order to clean up they tok refuge in Rich K-—RA on essays, 80 that careful work with the ind +

ys, BO ro \ M
time and the eye looks througb the centre of |
Marin does the best he cen and hopes - BS Kitt Bul jects, for example, “A Public Place.” which
law. something like that and they insist on nuse glasseq, Qich K-R QKtieh K ~-Kt teenth century tyr f whiel
y type, of which A recent e wa

erably. In every district there is at least one If i2.. P-R48(Q); 1% Q-—K Kt 3, and wins, recent one being a ricture of Hayreu s
what he could get. With the department cartes kK 7 t y

have been placed. Half a dozen native scowa the improperly adjusted glasses often do more b, K—R 7, 18. QR 9 ch, and wins, pressions
the work of removal of garbage and refuse, tions instead of going to the main dump in the from breakage. Now, madam, if you feel you | 9 two mover, 004 a three-mover.

E
{|
1

i

1

bs Pasig River. and so water transportation Is made lasses inste ‘ |
It is necessary to live in a Spanish city to gat | qvaifable well out in the suburba ‘There are must weer instead of spectacles take them CHESS AT 8ST. PETERSBURG.

any adequate idea of the task that confronts the | two stations on the river where large tron scows, like this, Following 1s anoth Ff selection of games from the
man who tries to clean one up. The Spaniard | fPry much such as were used formerly in New. [He took the glasses and held them perfectly | reeent masters’ tournament played
York, receive the loads trom the carts of the walled | level before him. “Stretch them wide apart and , "U's

are those of the Duke of Fife, the son-in law of The cl { 1901 rr Coll

° as Ss Oo , t '
the Prince of Wales, and of the Marquis of Lorne, — jnia tin es, letting t 4 slip nr ul oe Rod
son-in-law of the Queen Sir Francis Knollys, his forelock. [ty members have already begun

in St. Peters-

  

 

 

 

   

 

   

    

 

 
  

 

  
 
  

 

 
   
  
   
    
     

 
  

 

 

 

 

{9 famously polite, but he is also notorlously > ;
7 . city andone other district. These scows belonged! | ‘* ° _ ; , d
filthy. There were 13,000 Spaniards Hving in the | to the old Spanish port works and are used Ms aha approach the nose like this” He advanced them | RUY LOPEZ. private secretary to the Prince of Wales, is also mak ng plans for class ay end. ave elecied te pores oe ta reantive and deseri ik ait
walled city, quartered in various convents and | department | withont espenen, mae animaia ; toward the tip of the nose “now raise them up Sohaboiok . ® hip, Soho velelt. Sybin on the list. Lord Rothsetuld is down for 10,000 inde Be amnittivn ine usal shouted of the oS the Solitea hae lWave annaiiaten of 6rd
the use are * @ ' ik, ; ; ' re ) ' f th ’ a) \
churches, and their unsanitary habita were the ang Se Tt cael i. rate tos hte ‘aie | so.” Still holding We glass so that the springs 1P-K4 P-K4 ITKt Q2 P-Qs sbares, and Mr, Leopold Rothschild for 7,546 histors As this may be read by any member | importance
dismay of Capt. Febiger. The accumulated gar- | anorning and one at least in the eftern: on, And Stretched wide over the nose he advanced them 4a ape Bt pe 3 Ee i) Kt -Q3 Several oficers of the Imperial Yeomanry now Of be college someting tef rehand in the Mortar |
hage and filth in the interior courts of the build they mut come to the dumps with full loads upward until the upper points of the clips were 4 ae Kite 18 5 oy eri 4 {n the field are shareholders for various amounts 8 ae * a9 to . ' 7 as " . a ¥ eto he | An Exclamatory Name.
he & : sevebro “ . ; . s ‘ “Qe : , ? origi t s us ye
ings they occupied was beyond description, and | . with pot ball @ load "les that Gan ermeceen directly under the eye mows. Now let go" said ha 2 geelien 5 e gan aL p _" QR -B Gen. Lord Methuen figures for 3,000 shares; se viors Visitors are always stupid, t to anout | From the Chicago Dany News
until they were repatriated in February and March | by the effective if somewhat slow method of re The glass wee oS frm. “Shake your head’ | 4 P—-ga. B-k2 23 Pp" B4 other officers commanding local levies under Lord Uerdandiiag allussviy Ciat tey never koew “0. Mye,.” called Justice Prindiville, fn the
there was no relief After that the hard work of Heel. ec esi an leas, on ne me ooome a oe aaa poene ee. i head, The $Ki—Bs P -3 a4 ka §! By -K | Roberts, such as Sir F. Carrington, Col Carring nitita tH seatinn f : . e9 are e ont rs’ ives | Harrison atreet police court today. and a silence
se ectero dumps oaded the men pole them ou uss 1 d no o 9KIt-—K2 ‘asiles a . BO ¢ . ’ 7 “i ee "Her ClASE-GAYy OX ll ave le the er } od at 4
the department began to tell sisihls into the river and they are nicked up by tle de “You see’ said the opiian “you can'tshake 10 P—BS Kt -QR4 eee P -B4 ton and Col, Kimington are also op the list for er ives trying ty fiad out wal § was all about | (lh ever the room, a1 Ne STUNG IOCKEG fi
All this time the department was expandin partment tue and towedout into the bay to a) them off. ‘They sit perfectly and just ht the ey 11 B-B2 P -QB4 27 Rx B3 smaller numbers of shares. lord Mayor Newton (n-tead of avending exclusively to their refresh. | Wo see why the Justice bad uitered the sudaea
r g ; : y4, oki. > 5 manit ~ {
gradually in the effort to meetthedemandsuponit, | mint where the current sets off hore and there You don't want anything better than that do you? i Kt Kis 5 t ; es R-K Aiakt holds 200 abares, Mr. Kider Haggard and his mets As t ey shoul exclamatins
: | dumved The big veows are also towed to the | now try putting them on yourself 18 Kt—BS BE 29 Pxkt Kiseh . ' ° saa At | it is considering favorably nf ’ tad th ‘ ‘
In September, 1898, Capt. Febiger contracted for | aame place to be dumned. Dead animals are The customer took them off and attempted to | }$ PsP KtxBP 39 P -BS xP two brothers stand for 3,208 shares among them, | the sugre tion of planting ivy bo te wall of Mil O. Mye! 0. Mye” again called the Magistrate
thirty bull cartsat83 eachaday. ‘That was only | tal en outinio the bay and weighted so that they putthem back, She got them on askew iz wr bie" a! g- Ka RK | and Mr. Rochfort Maguire, one of the Irish Home bank Hail This would be a cere nony oberue more loudly, and Bait 1 hurried
the beginning. More laborers were emploved, | will sink. It is (ant Martin’s plan if it can be Te no wel Rend ihe optician “that's all wrong” 5B ‘ 32 signs, Rule M. P's. is the holder of no fewer than avon © ? 1 v : e hulle {mi 1 and w val ob Ub ttak | bat And oked ‘the Justice what Was olenclte
| done to er rematory (or so ho ler over again | ‘ Sie (ha ol ' su rititute f @ class bi story e usual dar ’
and their work began to show the effect of sv | cone | eres f “ ema " ot some of e warnare we 4 show a uy eves has t he Senne | RUY LOPEZ shares, while Sir Charles Dilke's name figures will be given at noah a LR ; — 4 bis digntey
tematic direction AN great difficulty was encoun has the hearty indor ementof the Board of Health mastered the knack and went away happy Sehabski. Tsehicorin Sehabskt. Tachigortn. for 1,200. Quite a large number of members of seiors Wil have the priviege. as uoual of spend “Call OF; Mvye, Mr. Batliff.” ordered the Court,
tered atthe start in the elaborate system of "grau- | While part of the carts are going through the "Shell be back in @ month” said the optician White Block, While. Black, Parliament of both political parties are on the 18 Si) their spare momeits deagning gowns | and Harett repeated the words in tones tha
2 - * . : streets for garbace others are collecting the street “wanting one or two new lenses to replace he 1 P--K4 P—KA 24P—KB4 B--k3 ) dist for from 5,000 down to and fewer shares ' \ a 1 7
fleati . : ; p her : ; } ar ” ard om the street . er glare
cations” or “squeezes” which all the ollicers | sweenings. Every street in Manila is swept broken ones. Now I've showed her exacily 2Kt--KB3 Kt Ba 25 P -bS BB | In addition to the above, vighty Peers, Imperial Betireiasd Ne Altea me re giate ,
exacted from those underthem. It became neces. | at least once a day and some of them twice, .\ how to put them on bnt she'll get careless after | SB—his = =P—Qks 26 Q—KS Q- Ba land Consular officers, and society bankers i} ne } nwh thought ¥ quilty
sary to the S lard wh | few of the main biv ines streets are swent con. a while and will forget all about it. I can alwa sb—Ri Kt- ba 27 K—KB —Ye | $00 Gegerals, Major General olonel an } tenip Court, @ st 1er pea
remove the Spaniard who wa | : , , va | : si ; Je mege » Major trenerals, ‘ olonels r pit his wat and walker war ° r
, Sat the top | wantiy, after the manner of Broadway and Fifth tell about that by the way they catch onto the Sgasies Be-B2 a8 Ba 8 other officers In the army eerving in Seuth DAGCEIT & RAMSDELL’S PL eat Bn eee mY
Po {po order to strike a solid blow at this petty black venue. The street ev eenings heared t “th h : 6 KE-HS P—QKu“ 20 P—Kw P—KRS | ’ u | servend bi nd declar d him under arrest
ML mail. Fvery man regularly gave up a part of his | fy littie pile enings are heared up knack of adjusting them when they first pul them | 7H—Kia Beh | S09 Ks-Ki2 B—KW Africa, and 9 considerate numer of clereymen Is this the man who is guilty, your Honor*
Ad pay to his superiors, and it wae hand for th A his | tn little piles at the curb to wait for the carts, on. People who bave to wear glasses atall should | & P—Q3 P—Qa |} 31R—Ki8 R-K and the female relations of mem! ersof Parliament ‘ | asked the bailiff. ee
bea Eoioos prices 6 oA aoe Bere oy a » | As the work of the department becomes more wear spectacles, Butif they will wear nose clips @P—QR4 P—AS $2 Kt--K3 [3 | are shareholders im the Hritish South Africa er eC 0) seam Pa wat la Sout name?’ gakad the Cour, without
i ae prostediag. {n et ll ih " ol A . ich | thorough through the coonreration of the house they must learn how to adjust them or ther'I| WORI--QS Castes 34 K—B2 RS | Chartered Company. The Hrothers Harms 4 5 heeding Harn it's Gueatine ’
hy tae his whole par it was arrange: = i Aad holders and citizens in general the amount «f ruin their eves and break their pockets atthe sama 1) P-fte R—Kt 34 Ke R—K2 worth of the London Datly Mau are down for INE KIND THAT KEEPS, “0. Mee.” anawered the prisoner, and the ballif?
weige Mon Pet see Oe ig ri pas then: at th material collected grows rapidly. Where the tima Women are no worse than men tn that 12P—-KR3 Ktskt as R—KKt Qa 1,040 shares A SCIENTIFIC SKIN . ‘ ee Bhswered i prison 1 tf
ne ° < ale depart nent in the presence of one of | huge iron dumns used to be towed to the bay ['ve got one customer who paid me last year 50). 3 Rake KI~R2 30 HAP ab ‘The (Chartered Company having been the cs FOOD oa “Myo” ai rie { ; ,
i he Americanoificers. Even then cases werefound | once in three days tley now go at leart every | for new lenses, ‘Ihat's about a $1 4 week WERK = 6P-QBs 87 KI—K3— Q—BS mot the Jameso } and the domi which nonriahes t @ #kin, and precenta th Fe eve” Mueried whe Court
' } where the men had been compelled to cles up their | . , Tt : ' ® week and | 15 #--oF Kt R : sourc Jameson raid and the dominating 7 : 5 ne Yes, your Hour.” from (he orisaner
Py mpel giteuptheir | other day. The department has just arranged , | can't get him to wear spectacles yet 5 Qa 1—-Khu | 8 H—KU —Kt2 inf in engineeri the formaton of premature tines aod wrinkles . ; ;
ae . yal squeeze after they had left the building. | for t!e purchase of a tug to do ite work instead y | 18 wht KE—b3 | 38Ki—Kiu Q—G4 n ee e ngine ring im present war, the Used for years by pecpleof refinement. Sold — | Then ii dawned on the } aiff that ne had made
ah ally a general rule was adopted dischancing | of hiring by the month as heretofore, ” | 17 Bskt Pab | 40 htxRPeb ~¥ same tha an i ve list of ite shareholders | everye@ber | The pore tend best known, amistake ©) Myo. who sid his first pane was
‘ i - any mén who gave or received & “gratification, The eareei sweeping is all done by b “The San’s’’ Multitade of Readers | io aes K—-QR «| Kt--B7) B—K2 ar of speci ignificance j ALL SIZES: %5c,, 45e., Se., BG, O1.606 | Oliver, had been arrested for beeping on the street
i nm Ow this sort o ackmal ee | 7 i and mr e ‘ Savile Boe, 100, en the policeman who arrested him tod him
i sad a b tof blackmail has been pretty | gmail brooms of uff rattans "The men Soca fford to the Advertising Merch ! io} . Gah | P-Bt, R- EE i ne ' : P r a big P
! ae Gan oat bec ipped work very fast, but thelr pa: ‘is so small that a Sharoespurable rales Wacstieg setter danut 21 PKs ~ o Ren k—g2 "a Fee Son OD "Tae Pen,’ 1 00.” ale - RABSDELL, CHEMISTS, | tuad'h ee aoe win nome te erverss
ep en ame ulppe more : : > a — WEST 34TH ST., opr. rue WarvonwasTonta, 5.T. u rim alms his name was utlered by severnl
edecusiay ‘a hande she work Wied devcived | [MK® tumber of them can be kept at It all the | fotelligence as le pot to be found except in 8 peered Ba - \ Rd OO | of tn eenelly © srapel on civersizoment 00 | : AE | 1m the court. The nsonet Ukewise said “U8
-- - =o on - oe my!” when he gotafineolSSQ —~
‘ j '
ln tac gp enmmtatne  ye  yy me
4 bond za ory : * : [ i
Pica Sag Linc ve uns ee has : Sy y Skid ¢ ne PRET E ro rae ” ny pon rtewars ee a sepeneytpacteenenn panne ah erancmmete
Pas woe he Pd Fa aa a be ed Ma a ax ere , ey) ial tp fags) wm XL pn math * asf fi 4 ee ti “ }
RC Ce Bs a Nr hte, + gp RPE TMA ah ger Pe Ane i a ae Ol
WY ON MIP SON Ti SL 7 : a