|

   

 
   

THE SUN, SUNDAY, APRIL 15, 1900. G

 

| Be Budtications. | Hew Publications. Hew Budiications. | Blew Bubications, Rew Publications.

itm

ij

    

A
jams

SPECIAL—
“BEFORE PUBLICATION,”

EASY PAYMENT CLUB
NOW FORMING.

'
iv
a :

nih

i

    
 

 

 

 

Does YOUR Library Include the“World’sGreatest Novelist”? |

Last week we advertised for the first time the EDITION ROYALE of BALZAC, now in press. The hearty and general responses received are but another indication of the wide-spread
interest in Balzac among discriminating readers. Our limited club is forming rapid'y; if you are at all interested, it were best not to delay writing us. Why not mail us the INQUIRY
COUPON given below, and obtain without cost a handsome booklet about Balzac and his work?

CRITICS CLAIM for Balzac the position of the ““World’s Greatest Novelist,” ranking his genius with that of Shakespeare.

READERS CLAIM for his Comedie Humaine a charm, interest, skill and insight of the highest degree.

WE CLAIM for the EDITION ROYALE the finest English presentation of the great Frenchman: a text complete and of literary merit, printed in the best manner from new type. This
is a De Luxe edition in every sense, yet the present “before publication” club sale places it at

Less Than One-Third (1-3) the Cost of the Best Previous Edition.

a

The Author’s Plan. The Edition Royale. | Illustrations.

Balzac concetved the ambitious project of creating an entire human society. This new De Luxe edition consists of thirty-two volumes. The books are This edition will commend itself very strongly {n the feature of pictortal
Por this purpose, in a series of eighty-tight wonderful stories, he presented | of practically uniform size, averaging 380 pages each, and totalling over 12,000 | embellishment. The illustrations are from three sources:—Pirst, from repro-
more than two thousand characters and types, each of independent bearing, but | pages. a
all inter-related in a general scheme. To this scheme he gave the title of THB |
COMEDIE HUMAINE, No other novelist ever wrought on such far reaching | Text.
lines and so successfully. While, therefore, each story is complete in itself |

 

 

Paper.

As stated elsewhere, the paper and type were chosen with refesence to each
other. The paper ts a very fine laid deckle-edged, presenting a smooth, soft
ductions of etchings made by famous English and Prench artists for the English | Surface, which receives ink evenly and smoothly. Though of fine quality, ft te
edition; second, from redrawings of a collection of quatnt old wood cuts which | not unduly heavy in volume form. In book form !t presents uncut edges and
were prepared fur Balzac’s novels by artists contemporary with him, giving | gilt tops. The full-page illustrations are all inserts, being printed on genuine

 

 

 

and may be enjoyed individually, the complete COMEDIE is essential to a | This {s the most complete and adequate English version yet presented of correct costumes of the day; third, from a series of original paintings and | Japan paper—the very choicest for this purpose.
thorough knowledge of the author's stupendous plan. the world’s greatest novelist. The text is founded on the famous Dent-Satnts- | sketches in black and white, made expressly for this edition by the leading
This author's plan of the COMEDIE, In brief, embraces seven great dive | bury edition, generally recognized as the best English edition heretofore pub- illustrators of the day. All told, these {llustrations number some one hundred Printing.
sions, as follows:— SCENES FROM PRIVATE LIFE, lished. To this we have added three stories not included tn the original Dent | and thirty. They are all reproduced tn photogravure and printed on genuine The greatest care has been exercised in the press work. Every page has
Twenty-eight stories. edition. Japanese fibre paper from the original plates. Often {t is the case that the | been scrutinized separately, and the slightest error in alignment has been rigidly
SCENES a LIFE. N d P ref originals are preserved and only a duplicates plate used in printing, but tn order | corrected. All imperfect sheets have been thrown out. Regarding the printing
SCENES FROM P ARISIAN LIFE. otes an aces. to obtain the most artistic results bere the original plates themselves have been | of the illustrations, these photogravures were struck off by hand, one by one,
Fifteen stories. The introductions are from the pen of Professor George Saintsbury, who | employed. and then carefully examined for any imperfections.
SCENES FROM POLITICAL LIFE. ts credited with knowing more about “the literature of the world than any
Seven stories. other living man.” These prefaces are singularly full and clear and, taken Type. Bindings.
SCENES FROM MILITARY LIFE, nee
Two stories. together, they form a complete bibliography to the writings of Balzac. In addi- The type is spectally chosen with reference to the paper on which It {s Two styles of bindings are offered for this De Laxe edftton—ctoth and
SCENES i ee er LIFE. ton to this, we have included specially prepared indices, which furnish ready | printed, and presents a good, clear reading surface, restful to the eye and har- | half leather, The cloth tsa substantial English buckram, with full gold backs
PHILOSOPHICAL STUDIES. reference to any story in the Comedie. These Indices will be found of very | montous in page effect. It is spectally set for this edition, is perfectly new, | and gold side design. The half leather ts carefully selected with reference both
Twenty stories. great value to those who wish to consider a story in relation to its group-mates, and this is the first impression therefrom. to handsomeness and durability, it {s stamped with attractive designs.

 

 

 

 

Realism, Mysticism, Comedy, Character-Sketching, Intrigue, |
Idealism, Description, Tragedy, Analysis, Narration. |

All the elemental principles of romance are found in the series of novels entitled “The Comedie Humaine.” Balzac is a writer “whom every one should read” as truly as Thackeray,
Dickens or Shakespeare. He depicted distinct, living, breathing personalities. Falstaff, Lear, Pickwick and Becky Sharp are not more real than many a character in his crowded scenes. He
created an entire society of more than two thousand personages. Professor Trent, a profound student of Balzac, says: “‘Of this tremendous throng, an amazingly large number are living, breathing men
and women, moving amidst unfading scenes, and they exist for us even more truly than Shakespeare's heroes and heroines.” As page after page and volume after volume is eagerly devoured, one can but
marvel at the author's astounding inventiveness. Each new person and each new scene grasps and demands an undivided interest. In his vast domain his sway is absolute, his spell enduring.

We Would Like to Interest You hay dey Dh pes bry

illustrated booklets entirely free of cost. These booklets
gentamn a biography and critique of, DER, maxims Tom
a . ; ; . is writings, specimen pages and illustrations. This
in the Edition Royale of Balzac’s “Comedie Humaine.” If you cannot conveniently coupon brings it to you.

call at our office to examine specimen volumes and samples of the fine illustrations, S4ib tute seveey Sees,
mail us the coupon given opposite. It will bring you full information about the books INQUIRY COUPON.

ial ‘ ion” THE UNIVERSITY SOCIETY, NEW YORK
and also about the Club which makes possible the special ‘‘before-publication” price Sanaa ee ee cee EDITION ROVE of
and the small monthly payments, which mean

BALZAC. Please send me “‘booklet’’ and full particalars of
ONLY ‘TEN CENTS A DAY.

 
 
 
 
 
  
    
 
 
 
  
   
    
 

 

 

 

 

      
        
    

IIR csccoscsunsinienltensentatennncnemasisiamiiaisanasdsamiaaanai

your Club offer to advance subscribers.

PRICE POSITIVELY ADVANCED AFTER PUBLICATION.

Street____-_-__-

Cty

§—4—15

  

aac tata acta a PPP PPP LEP PPL DAP PPP PPP PPP PPP PALI

 

A A AA AAA AAA AAA AAA A ALL ALA LL AALS LLL AAA

HE UNIVERSITY SOCIETY, ” 3% Av

—_——e

;
'

as

ee ST