Sun,

BUNDAY, APRIL 15, 1900,

nd

 

 

 

Subscriptions by Mall, Postpaid.

 

 

 

  
    
 

DAILY, per Month... seeeeceeeeereccess @ BO
DAILY, per Year cagsaunseenne + 600
BUNDAY, per Year... 200

600

DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Year...+++
DAILY AND SUNDAY, per MontM....seeeees

Postage to foreign countries added.
‘THe SUN New York City.

 

PARIs—Kiosque No. 12, near Grand Hotel, and
Kioeque No. 10, Boulevard des Capucines
eR
Tour friends who favor us with manuscripts for
pullication wish to have rejected articles returned, they
must in all cases send siamps for that purpose.

 

 

 

 

 

Easter.

The celebration of this Christian festival
of Easter, or of the Resurrection of Jesus,
once confined to the Episcopal and Roman
Catholic Churches, now extends to practi»
eally every Christian denomination, though
formerly, by some of them at least, it was
looked upon as a@ semi-pagan superstition
and abominable.

This contemporary extension of the ob-
servance of Easter lias been colnvident with
@ growing indifference of the outside
Churches to many of the distinctive feat-
ures of their doctrinal system, of which
the current agitation in the Presbyterian
Church for the revision of the Westminstor
Confession is a notable symptom. Having
lost rigidity of doctrinal conviction, they
are the moro disposed to the gratification
of religious sentiment purely in devotional
services, Incidentally there has been de-
velopeda single regard for the simple teache
ings and the example of the personality of
Jxsus. Dr. Hiwurs, for instance, expressed
this tendency when he said substantially
that Curist’s words and career on earth
are more to him than all the doctrines of
theology; and Dr, LyMAN ABBOLT, who
brushes away the old orthodox views of
the Bible so completely as the chaff of
superstition, would save himself from the
accusation of downright infidelity, and
from consequent expulsion from the ranks
of Christians, by extolling likewise the
personal character of Jesus, That ia, in
this new departure the Teacher is honored
solely, and not at all the system elaborated
by Paun from the teachings of CHRIst,

Accordingly we hear now from such quars
ters more of Jesus than we do of theology
and systems of doctrine; but when we go
to the foundation of thelr preaching we
Hod that {t is ethical and not religious,
Their admiration is of the sublimity of the
moral example of Jusvs, and in kind it does
not vary essentially from the Chinaman’s
regard for the precepts and personal char-
acter of Conrucivs. It does not involve
necessarily any faith in CHRIST asa Divine
Being, but entirely consistent with
the Unitarian conception of Jrsus as
simply the highest expression of ‘that
divine humanity which isthe birthright and
promised destiny of all souls.” This con-
temporary tendency to the exaltation of
JESUS asa mere teacher and exemplar, of
which we are speaking, is therefore essen-
tially and distinctively Unitarian, It goes
frequently with rejection of the miracles of
Scripture, without which, of course, there is
no support for the dogmas of the Incarna-
tion and the Resurrection.

It also has in it thegerm of a consequence,
as we have before pointed out, which may
be radically destructive of the very vener-
ation it assumes. By treating Jrsars
simply as an ethical veacher it opens up
his social and other doctrine to criticiam ou
its merits purely, forit deprives him of all
title to Divine authority and hence to
religious faith and worship. The Rev. Mr.
SHELDON belongs, unconsciously, to this
school. He holds up to men the ethical
example of Crrisr and he would follow
exactly ‘In His Steps,” as of course he
could not assume to do if he looked on
Jesus as a Being of a Divine perfection
impossible to humanity.

What would be the result of such ex-
act, practical imitation of the conduct of
Jrsus and such precise obedience to His
ethical commands? is a question men will
be sure to ask. It would, unquestionably,
involve a radical change in all conduct and
would revolutionize civilization, It would
produce a sovial transformation more com-
plete than that desired by the most extreme
Bocialist. Incidentally such an attempt,
{f successful, would be subversive of the
whole social organization and of all exist-
ing human institutions, the Chureh among
the rest. Meantime there would arise a
ciseussion of the soundness of the Christian
philosophy, and the character of it would
be new to the world since the time Chris-
tianity first provoked,as the most pest ilent
communism, the violent opposition of
pagan Rome, tolerant as Rome was of mere
differences of religion,

This mocern effort to separate CurRIst
from the eystem of Christian theology,
built up by the Chureh on His teachings
and from faith in his Divinity and miracu-
lous Incarnation, and to follow Him as an
ethical teacher simply, is therefore dis-
tinetly frreligious, as Christian theology
regards religion. It is as possible to the
downright infldel, the veriest agnostic, aa
It is tothe man who imagines that {n mak-
lng it he is demonstrating most convine-
ingly that he !s a veritable Christian be-
lever. It deprives this festival of Easter
of its whole significance, for It does not
Imply, nor does it require faith in the
Resurrection or {in any miraculous and
supernatural quality pertaining to Jesus.

is

The Consular Reports.

Mr. Georas F. PARKER, for some time
Gnited States Consul at Birmingham, Eng-
land, says in the Atlantio Monthly for April
that our Government publication called
“Consular Reports” threatens to become
“an intolerable nuisance” and that in the
twenty-two years of its existence ‘it would
be difficult to recall one report of really
undoubted economio value.” Mr. Pargkrr
Indulges in other misrepresentations of the
reports, such as that no one goes to them
for information about the matters to which
they relate, for there are better sources.

The truth is that any one who has the
“Consular Reports” tn his library has a
publication that is well worth keeping, for
it contains a vast amount of authoritative
information on commercial geography,
commerce and the materials that enter
Into trade, all well indexed and easily ac-
cessible. The “Consular Reporte” has
been tested in many ways that demonstrate
{ts helpfulness and high standard of aceu-
racy. Itcontains trustworthy facteof value
to merchants and manufacturers, collected
abroad at smal! expense to our Government
and relating to the commercial and eco
némic conditionsin countries with which we
are competing in foreign trade, or in the
newer markets which we are beginning to
enter, It contains, for instance, more

   

P

    

 
 

acourate data for the compilation of maps
showing the distribution of products and
industries in the Latin American republics
than any other publication,

The publication may be greatly improved
by moro rigorous editing that shall reject
contributions of littlo worth and eliminate
a6 far as possible all statements of doubtful
authenticity, There are few writings, how-
ever, relating to statistical and economio
topics that are not marred by such blem-
ishes. The fact has been widely recognized
and published in Great Britain and Ger-
many that our oconseular reports are
of far more practical value to mer-
chants and manufacturers than the re
ports which their own Consuls supply.
There 1s @ large and growing demand for
the publication among the business classes
whom it endeavors to assist. It is quoted,
not only In the daily press, but also in
special trade and ecientific journals, and
thus all the best information it contains
is widely circulated in this country. No
other publication gives our people so much
information about the resources of foreign
lands, thelr commercial necessities and
their business and industrial methods.

 

The New York University.

It is well known that, of recent years,
the New York University has undergone
remarkable expansion and 1s beginning to
fulfil the comprehensive aims which were
formulated by ita founders. This institu-
tion now includes a college proper and a
school of applied science on University
Heights; a graduate echool, a law school
and a school of pedagogy on Washington
Square; a medical school on First avenue and
East Twenty-sixth street and a veterinary
college on West Fifty-fourth strevt. The
bulk of the collection of books known as the
University Library is placed on University
Heights, but there are two branches at
Washington Square, Tho members of the
teaching staff now number 188, and the
students, 1,581, not including “ auditors,”
or “non-matriculants,” of whom there are
more than 700 jn attendaneea upon the
various schools of the university.

The college proper ia devoted to arts and
to pure science; ita graduates receive the
degree of Bachelor of Arts, of Philosophy
or of Sclence, Candidates for admission to
this department may present themselves
for examination In one of three categories
which correspond to the three sections of
the freshman class, The categories differ
mainly in this respect, that, in the first,
both Latin and Greek must be offered, as
wellas English, the history of the United
States, arithmetic, algebra, plane geometry
and physics; in the second an app'icant
must offer Latin or Greek, and German or
French, together with the other require.
ments just enumerated; in the third cate-
gory one need not present either of the
elassical languages, but one must be duly
prepared in both German and French, and
{n addition to the other requirements
one must offer solid geometry and trig-
onometry, Once admitted to the fresh-
man class a student must enter that
rection of the class for which ho
has passed theexamination, All the studies
in each section are prescribed. Section A
requires both Greek and Latin. Section
B substitutes for Greek either German
or Freneh, Seetion C supersedes both the
ancient languages by German and French
and, in addition, requires subjects intro-
ductory to the scientific curricula, Atthe
beginning of the sophomore year the stu-
dent must enter one of nine parallel groups
arranged for the last threa years of under-
gradnate atudy. These are numbered and
named as follows: Firet, classical; second,
modern languages; third, Semitle; fourth,
English-classical; fifth, historical-polgi-
eal; sixth, philosophical-historical; seventh,
natural science; eighth, exact science; ninth,
medical preparatory, A student who has
completed section Aof the freshmanstudies
becomes a candidate for the degrea of
Bachelor of Arts upon completion of group
I., I0., IL, IV., ¥. or VI; or for the degree
of Bachelor of Science upon satisfactory
completion of groups VIT. to IX., provided
he hasalsotaken the drawing and chemistry
required in section O of the freshman year,
A student who has completed section B
of the freshman studies becomes a ean-
didate for the degree of Bachelor of Phil-
osophy upon the completion of group IT.,
1, IV., V. or VIL; and for the degree of
Bachelor of Science upon the completion of
group VIL, VII. or IX., provided he has
also taken the drawing and chemistry re-
quired {n section C. A student who has
completed section © of the freshman
atudies becomes a candidate for the degrea
of Bachelor of Philosophy upon completion
of group IL, V. or VL; or for the degres of
Rachelor of Science upon completion of
group VIL, VIL. or IX. In other words, at
the New York University, a young man
cannot obtain an A. B. degree without prov-
ing his possession of a knowledge of the
Latin and Greek languages and literatufe.
On the other hand, he can secure thedegres
of Bachelor of Science, or even of Bachelor
of Philosophy, without any knowledge of
either of those languages.

After the academical year 1899-1900 the
work done at University IMeights in applied
eclence will be performed under the "Uni-
versity School of Applied Science.” The
student completing a course will receive the
degree of Bachelor of Science in civil engi-
neering, in mechanical engineering or in
applied chemistry, After the approval of
the preseribed thesia the Bachelor of Sei-
ence in civil engineering will receive the
degrea of Civil Engineer, while the Bach-
elor of Seience in mechanical engineering
will receive that of Mechanical Engineer.
Applicants for admission to the school of
applied selence are examined in Freneh,
German, English, the history of the United
States and of England, arithmetic, algebra,
plane and solid geometry, plane trigonom-
etry and physics, There are three courses,
according a8 @ student aims at proficiency
{n civil engineering, In mechanical engi-
neering or in chemical engineering. In the
autumn of the current year, an ndditional
course will be opened, that, namely, of
industrial chemistry.

The graduate school of the New York
University includes all courses of Instrne-
tion and examinations offered by candidates
for the degree of Master of Arts, Master of
Philosophy, Master of Science, Doctor o!
Philosophy and Doctor of Science, In order
to Le eligible to any one of these degrees
the candidates must have received the
degree of Bachelor from a college in good
standing, and admission to examinations
will be granted only tothose who have been
resident students, pursuing courses of
study in the graduate sehool, for at least
one year, Weehould add that the degree
of Master is given to none save Bachelors
of at least two years’ standing, and the
degree of Doctor to none save Bachelors of
at least three years’ standing.

We pass to the law and medical schools of
the university. To the law school only
those are admitted who are graduates of

 

  

|
|

 

!
|

 

colleges in good standing; or who present
the academic diploma of the Regents of the
State of New York, or a certificate accepta-
ble to sald Regents in lieu thereof; or,
lastly, those who pass the examinations for
entrance to the sophomore class in the
academic department of the university.
The degree of Bachelor of Laws {s conferred
upon candidates who pursue the required
threes years’ course and pass the neces-
sary examination, The degree of Mas-
ter of Laws is conferred upon candi-
dates who, in addition, complete the
preseribed courses of graduate studies,
which include Roman law, advanced
constitutional law and international law,
in addition to other subjects. We note, in
the next place, that for young men who pur-
pose, before the beginning of the study of
medicine, to complete a’ regular college
course, the New York University college
of arta and science at University Heights
has made the following provision, to wit:
The student, after completing his fresh-
man year in the college proper, may take
therein the ‘medical preparatory course,”
which will qualify him to enter most
advantageously the college of medicine.
After pursuing this course throughout
the sophomore and junior years he may
elect to take in place of the senior year
at University Heights the first year in the
medical college at First avenue and East
Twenty-sixth street, provided he shall give
three hours a week to college work in arts
and science outside of medicine, This plan
shortens the combined college and medical
courses from eight years to seven years.
No entrance examinations are conducted
at this medical school, but all students who
matriculate with the intention of becoming
candidates for the degree of Doctor of Med-
{cine must conform to the rules and regu-
lations of the New York State board of
Regents, which were established by laws of
the State of New York to take effect March
21, 1806, and which will be found set forth
on pages 353, 358 of the catalogue be-
fore us.

We pass over the school of pedagogy and
the veterinary college and proceed to
mark the provisions made for the assist-
ance of worthy but needy students. We
observe, first, that the university college
offers each year twelve or more prepara-
tory school scholarships covering the tul-
tion fees of four years, and, consequently,
equivalent to $400 each, These scholar
ships are bestowed each year by the princi-
pala of preparatory schools upon scholars
certified by them as standing in the uppere
most third of a class of not less than five
embers prepared for college, The uni-
versity college also offers each year ten
scholarships awarded to students of the
freshman class making the best record at
a supplementary examination held in
October, These scholarships cover the
tuition fees for four years. The univer
sity hus, moreover, in ite gift a few
scholarships founded in 1822 which may be
wiven as beneficiary scholarshipsin specially
deserving cases. There are seven com-
petitive scholarships, founded by Miss
HELEN M. Gout, the income of which, in-
tended to be $800, is paid semi-annually
for four years to the student appointed.
There are two other endowed scholarships,
the income of which {ts about $250 per
annum, There are also a number of prizes
ranging in value from $50 to $100, Of
fellowships there are three, valued at
about $400 apiece per annum, obtainable
by students completing the course in arts,
To students in the medical school there {s
offered, in addition to gold, silver and
bronze medals, a special prize of $200
for the best thesis upon any Bub-
ject embodying the results of original ree
search. In the afternoon division of the
law school three prizes of $100, $60 and
$40, respectively, aro distributed among
such three students of the senior clasqas
shall pass the best examination of that
year. The Elliott F. Shepard Scholarship
and three university prize scholarships,
ylelding $100 each in tuition, are allotted
at the end of the junior year to the four
students most successful in the examina-
tions, In the evening division of the law
school two prizes of $75 and $50, respec-
tively, are awarded to such two students of
each class as shall pass the best examina-
tion of their year.

To those who reeal! the condition of the
New York University in 1865 the develop-
ment of the institution is one of the most
remarkable educational phenomena of our
time and country.

 

 

e
Two Questions of Language.

Rooms depart, possessions vanish, party
platforms and fashions hold a
flugtuating seat, but theinterest in English
grammar continues to be the subject of
undying attraction to thousands, Why, no
man knoweth. There seem to be more
fascinating and fruitful branches of study,
and he or she must have been unusual in
youth who didn't regard grammar as the
abomination of abominations and dryer
than the bosom of the Sahara or Prof, Bruny
Sumnen's ‘Life of ANDREW Jackson.” The
just explanation of the seemingly curious
charm of grammar can only be had from
analogy. “We know,” said Rurvus Caoare,
speaking of old Chief Justice Lemve. Saaw
of Massachusetts,’ we know that he is ugly,
but we feel that he is great.”

So let it be with grammar, which should
be venerated as a member of the mediaval
educational Trust known as the Seven
Sciences, however barren it may seem to
fone or most of us, Yet we love it, we
love it, for it brings to us many learned and
studious inquirers whom it {s an honor to
meet. Here is a jetter from one of them:

“TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN—Sir; The writer
notices you use the expressions ‘I don'tthink’ and
“Artificial lee.’ May I ask why thist* correct? If 1
say ‘I don'tthink | will go to the theatre to-night,’
why am [ not contradicting myself? For I do think
Manufaebured tce ts certainly the real thing. Why
should {t be called artifelal, then? I should appre

change

ciate thts Information RC,
“New YORK April 10."
Poor innoeent “den't think.” What has

{t done? What crime against the aacred
laws of syntax has it been guilty of? Sureiy
“Tdon't think Ishall goto the theatre” is
a good phrase and true, Alongcomes some
unknown genius and twists the expression
and stamps it with an excellent irony and
makes it strong and new. Call it slang, if
you choose, but how ean a piece of good
English, unchanged tn application, be con-
sidered slang? It can, we don't think.

We can see no objection that is not purely
finieal to “artificial ice.” It differentiates
from ordinary ice the tee made by human
skill and labor by means of an ice machine.
If we are yoing to kick against “artificial
ice,” “artiticial heat,” “artificial light,” we
shall have to waste time in round-about
expressions, Having a perfectly legitimate
means of distinguishing between the natu-
ral and the artificial production of ice why
should we give it up? The use of ‘‘arti-
tificial” in the sense mentioned is com-
mon and registered without objection by
the dictionaries. But let no man use it
against his conscience and ano maa force it
’

  

  

upon his brothers. If we should have a
glass of seltzer with our correspondent
next summer, we should insist upon say-
ing ‘‘ice-machine-made ice;” a beautiful
and terse expression!

 

Baseball.

The circular just issued by the League
Inspector of Umpires and Players, Mr. JOHN
B. Day, enjoining good conduct among the
players on the ball fleld, starts speculation,
Here is a portion of it:

‘It 1s generally admitted that the conduct of some
players has been largely responsible for the @reat
lack of interest taken in the game by its patrons in
recent seasons, The League fully realizes this fact,
and \s delermined w correct the evil.

* Players must be gentiemauly In thelr conduct and
language, and must absolutely refrain from useless
kicking and fault Minding with the umpire, even when
they think bim wrong.”

What is the meaning of this? Has the
League Inspector of Umpires, despairing
of being backed by the responsible author-
ities of the League in his manifest desire
to suppress rowdyism, appealed to the
players in the hope that they may put
rowdyism down from motives of mere self-
respect? Or has he been assured by the
League that the vicious practices of the
past, to which he well calls attention, are
to be abolished, and that he ia looked to for
the enforcement of the new policy?

Upon either supposition there is a pas-
sage in this circular which requires com-
ment. ‘'Tho players,” said Mr, Day, ‘must
refrain from useless kicking.”

The way to stop rowdyism is to have the
players “refrain from kicking.” Mr. Day
might as well have told them to refrain
from excessive kicking, or unmanuerly kick-
ing, or kicking rough, smooth, gilt edged
or sky blue. One rule of the baseball
League forbids kicking, that ia to say,
under any circumstances, and kicking is
stamped as invariably useless by another
rule which forbids the umpire to reverse @
decision once given.

So what sort of baseball are we to have
this summer? Decent or rowdy?

Kicking is rowdyism; it {8 against the
first principles of sport. The way to stop
it is to stop it; which can be done by re-
quiring all men who hear the umpire say
“Out!” to turn their faces to the bench at
once and go there straight, and tn silence.

 

How Many?

There ia something paradoxical, and pos-
sibly capable of explanation, In the support
given to Bryan by Democratic newspapers,
regular or bolter,

For example, our esteemed contemporary,
the Memphis Commercial-Appeal, regular
four years ago and now, finds fault with
Bryan's ‘personal views on the expansion
question,” It ‘sees no effleacy in his solu-
tion of the trust problem.” We have a
strong impression alsothat the Commercial
Appeal thinks the silver theory played out,
On the three prime issues, therefore, ad-
vanced by Bryanism, namely, anti-expan-
sion, anti-trust and free silver, this stal-
wart Democratic journal of Tennessee
takes the opposing view; but ft remains a
Democrat.

The Louisville Courier-Journal, which
manfully bolted Bryan four years ago, ia
ardently for expansion, vigorously andcon-
temptuously against free silver, and doubt-
ful or indifferent as to the Bryan prescrip»
tion for trusts, But it’s for Bryan.

How many private citizens are for BRYAN
on the patent back-action Commercial-
Appeal-Courier-Journal platform? It might
be well for some anti-Republican-expan-
sionist-gold-Democrats to have a straw vote
with themselves,

One of the speakers at the convention of
the New York State Association of Elooution-
{ate asserted! that BROWNING “ never pretended
to write literature that should bea substitute
foracigar or a game of billiards." We don't
know that Baownrna was in the custom of
pretending. He left that to his more fanatical
followers.

To believe that it necessarily requires pro-
found atudy to appreciate a piece of great
literature is an error, It needs no hosts of
learned commenters or mighty effort of
mental concentration to appreciate in DaNTR
the story of Fraxcesca DA Rimryt, or that of
Ucortno; and almost any man can He on his
back and smoke a cigar aud read Saake-
BPEAPE with pleasure.

The obscurities, seeming subtleties and far-
fetched learning are the worst, not the best,
parts of BROWNING, just as the astronomical
cireumloeutions anid scholastic hairsplittings
are the most tedious parts of the “Divine
Comedy,” however interesting they may be to
students of the Middle Ages, A poct may beas
tedious as the Hon, ALADDIN ATEINSON and as
obscure 494 raflroad time table and not come
within speaking distance of greatness, and so
far aa any otherwise great writer is now
hard to understand,in so far {s he or Time
at fault

Theart of seeming deep by wrapping one's self
up inacloudy aneech bas never been diMeult,
No doubt Mr. Browsing, over his decanter,
chuckled vastly at the rapiures of soma of
his worshippers,

The Hon, JoHN LAWRENCE SULLIVAN,
always eager to do good, got into a cab the
other day and started for the Criminal Courts
Tullding, where he trusted to find an Assistant
District Attorney who would help him get a
pardon fora Boston man of legs renown than
Mr. SULLIVAN, but necessarily eminent because
he was a Bostonian before fate summoned him
from the three hills to the solitude that the
prison grants, Mr. SULLIVAN chose for him-
self a favorable position tn a liquor saloon
where he summoned an Asaistant District
Attorney to meet him, Curiously enough, the
man of law refused to entera saloon, He suid
that he never entered saloons lest he should
compromise the dignity of the District Attor-
ney's office, But as asraloon ts the canito! and
headquarters of the most emfnent sedentary
philosopher of New York, Mr. Sunnivan him-
eelf, why may it not be the appropriate orca.
sional residence of the majesty of the law?

Already the straw vote and the straw
boom walk happily hand in hand along the
aisles of April.

The decision of the Appellate Division
of the Supreme Court in this department
handed down on Thureday in the case of OMeer
Joun A. DONNELLY against the Board of Py./ica
Commiasioners directs attention to an inudvia-
able feature of our municipal government

Any member of the Police or Fire Depart.
ment when dismissed from the foree by the
Police or Fire Commissioners has the right of
appeal to the Appellate Division ofthe Supreme
Court. Tho Appellate Division, when these
cases come before it, reviewa not merely the
technical legale.rcumstances of the dismissal,
but examines again, as & new question, the
equity, propriety and general a:lvisability of
the action taken by the Commissioners,

Itiseclear that this procedure orthe exist.
ence of this right onthe part of the accused
offivers, in effect erects the members of the
Appellate Division of the Supreme Court into
another and a higher Board of Pollee and Fire
Commissioners. It takes away from the pres-
ent Boards of Police and Fire Commissioners
avery large share of the resp nsibility forthe
discipline of the forces ander their control and
puta such responsibility upon the members of
the Appellate Division,

Policeman DowNELLY was dismissed from
the force upon the charge of neglect of duty

  

|
'
|

 

 

and of having said to his superior officer,
“You lie!” Downgnzy admitted that ho eald
the words, and declared that he lost his tem-
Per under a false accusation, Three members
Of the Appellate Division held that he wae

broperly dismissed for bis conduct, while two |

, Others maintained that such conduct was not

sufficient to justify his dismissal, and they
Vote! for his reinstatement. A change in the
Opinion of one of the members of the court
would bave reinstated DonNELLY.

All this ie wrong. The courts should have
full power to review proceedings of this nature
for legal errors, such as the improper admis-
sion of testimony, or where gross and palpable
Injustice hud been done, But the judgment of
the Police and Fire Commissioners upon
Questions of fact, as in cases like the fore-
Going, should be final,

 

Col. Bryan is getting all the delegates,
but the Adimiral'’s boomers will console him.
They will tell bim that the Bryan men are
Dewey men in disguise.

EASTER.

Out of tho fruitless places, the hopeless homes
of the dead;

Out of the sullen silence and the sleep that all
men dread,

From the lands of night the Lord of Light up-
lifts His glorious head!

The waning world {a quickened with the aved
of en‘leas Spring,
The souls that lay in darkness awake to the
light and sing,
And Sin and Shame walk whole in the flame of
the love of the living King!
&. M. K,

 

Information for Voyagers to Europe.

To THe Epiron or THe Sun—Sir: Perhaps
no provisions of the Dingley Tariff have been
more fully discussed than those applying to the
bersonal baggage of tourists arriving from
abroad, and yet the law and regulations are
understood by very few, That provision of the
Dingley Tarif, applying to personal baggage,
{s as follows:

That in case of residents of the United States re
turning from abroad, all wearing apparel and other
personal effects taken by them out of the United
States to foreign countries shall be admitted free of
duty, without regard to their value, upon their iden-
Ity being established, under appropriate rules and
regulations ty be prescribed by ihe Secretary of the
‘Treasury, but no more than $100 {n value of articles
purchased abroad by such residents of the United
Statessball beadmitted free of duty upon their re-
turn,

Recently I submitted to the Treasury De-
partment certain recommendations regarding
the circulation of information to all tourists,
which is now under consideration by the De-

partment. I have received so many letters and
inquiries regarding the recommendation made
that I believe it will be of interest to yourread-
ers to know what has been recommended and
is under consideration. My suggestion is as
follows:

Thatactreular describing fully the provistuns of
the personal baggage law be issued forthe Informa
tion of all passengers going abroad: that this circular
of Information and tnstruction be accompanied by a
blank declaration such as the passenger |s computed
to sign upon his arrival here; that ihls elreular of in-
formation and Instruction and declaration be placed
in sealed envelopes, and that the masters of the
va lous steamships engaged In transatlantic trade
he requested to place a cony of this etreular, instrue
tions and declaration in the hands of each passenger
soou after saliing from abroad. This plan would give
the passenger the opportunity of careful preparauion
of bis declaration on the way over; would expiain
fully the provisions of the law and the regulations

overning the same; would remove many of the ob-
Petone tothe lawand would be of great service to
jee puss officials in a consistent administration of
he law.

If I remembercorrectly, a plan similar to
this wae in effect during a previous Adminis-
tration, except that the circular of instruetion
and declaration was handed, by the inapec-
tors, to passengers when they arrived at Quar-
antine. I have thought for a long time that
some such plan as this ought to be adopted, It
{as especially important that it should be
adopted at the beginning of this season, when
more people are going abroad, perhaps, than
in any year in the history of the nation bee
lieve it very important that we should be
equipped so as to avoid delays and give the
Americana who visit the Continent and the
Paris Exposition every courtesy upon their
arrival home. W. F. Wakeman,

New Yorg, April 12,

The Worth Monument,

To THe Eprron or Tue Sux—Sir: Inotdent-
allytothe Sherman monument discussion it
is ‘nteresting to observe the air of supreme
contempt with which the ruthless architect
judges al! monuments of any kind in our city
which already hold some site his covetous
hands might otherwise be laid on.

Among these the Worth monument opporite
Madison square has beon singled out. The
simple, dignified granite obelisk, with {ts fn-
6criptions telling the story of heroic achieve-
mente, and marking the place where the old
soldier of many battles In the Mexican War
lies buried, offends such ambition, perhaps
because of ita modest simplicity. Mere histor.
feal {nterest has no significance for such a
mind. Thedesecration of a grave is beneath
the consideration of the enlightened fin de
siecle artistic person,

This caliato mind that formerly four orna-
mental lanterns, which were part of the origi-
nal plan and vlesign, surrounded the Worth
monument, What has beeomea of them? Did
they obstruct the plans of the artistle car en-
ters, who put up seaffoldings and seats forthe
review of parades and street shows’ No doubt
that same spirit would wish the Worth monu-
ment reinoved, ‘or actually on such oveasions

is built over to furnish additional seats. Do
hese carpenters and the ruthless architect go
arm inarm in this matter? Par nobile fra.
trum!

The lamps of the original design should be
restored to this monument, and doves not a de-
cent respect for the resting piace of New York's
hero demand that the place of this grave
should be kept free from the carpenter's en-
croachment as well as from the destruction of
his more artistie brothers? R.

New York, April 0,

 

A Suggestion for the Faster Season.

To tak Fntror or Tin Sun—Str: Aa our
householders decorate their houses at Easter
with flowers which are very perishable, why
would it pot he more to their advantage to
plant trees which are enduring: which en-
hancethe value of thelr property and which
they can enjoy for many years to come—whila
the tree costs but little if any more than the
flowers?

‘The Tree Planting Association has eiven
careful attention to the effect of asphalt pave-
menton the different trees It recommends for
street planting and finds that moisture {s col-
lected under the asphalt, and. that it ia favor-
abeto the growth of the Carolina poplar,
which certainly thrives in our city atreets, It
ia symmetrical, grows quickly and is now gen-
erally recommende | by our nurseryimen,

Onrassocla tion hopes that many residenta
will avail themselves of the present season to
plant Carolina poplars.

AN OFFICER OF THE ASSOCIATION,

It Is Now Porto Rico by Law,

TOTHE horror oF THE SUN In an Act of
Congress temporarily to provide revenues anda civil
Government for Porto Rico and for other purposes
recently passed by the United States Senate and
House of Representatives and signed yesterday by
the President of the United States, the name of acer
tain island was oMcially faed as Porto Hico, Ithas
been alleged through the ageney of certain members
of thesocalled Board on Geographie Names (hat
President MeKinley had tysued his dictum that the
name of the Island shou! | be spelled Puerto. So far
asl am aware the signing of this bill by himis the
first oMfictal utterance on the subject. Good by,
Puerto Rieo. That word now belongs in the show-
case with those other venerable mummies Nueva
Mejico, Nouveau Orleans, &o. GPOGRAPHER

WASHINGTON, April 13.

Cape Cod Ways,

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN- Sir: [must take
exception to some of the statements 'n article In Sun
ef April 7, entitled ‘Folks Down Cape Cod Way.”
The article implies that a man who takes liberties
with his neighbor's henroost (4 considered a9 good as
anybody else here ‘This I deny. A ehicken robber
loses his standing In society and it is difMeult for
him to regain it

Also reference ls made bo the large sige of the drinks
taken by Cape Codders. This ts a slander,
never seen more than three quarters of an ordinary
tumblerful of whlskey taken at one drink unless the
{m bi ber considered himself very well acquainted wity
the person offering the treat, when naturally a less
Modest drink might he taken.

ape Sos ig all right OCTAVIUS BABWsTRR

ATHAM, Mase., April 12

i’

Sir

 

  

I have |

AAA RA th ODN NTE AAAI NE SERINE TETONER YS rele REI AREI o- HaE mair
5 ih n P rib he ,
Hit - Sy

7 fe ty f : Ps 4
Tale ky OE © aN Ne te QL ae b:

   

| SOUTH AFRICA,

| While there is reason to believe that some of

the news from the British side regarding the
| Boer movements in the south of the Free
State, eapecially that based on native reports,
fe unreliable, there fs no doubt thatthe Boers
there aro in a critical position and will require
all their cleverness to extricate themse'ves
from it, The large body of troops that Lord
Roberte ts sald to have directed to the line be-
tween Reddersburg and Wepener threatens
| effectually to bar their return north by the way
| they caine, and in the absence of definite
knowledge of their motive for making thelr
descent, it le di@cult to account for it, unless
they did it in antio!pation of a sympathetio
movement in Cape Colony. Events, however,
must sbortly. throw the needed light on the
matter,

A report from Kimberley that a battalion of
{infantry had been sent there and that guns
were being again mounted on the defensive
works, somewhat discounts the optimiatic tone
of recent despatches, and the sending of Gen.
Hunter’s division, made up of two brigades
withdrawn from Gen, Buller's army, to Four-
teen Streams, is evidence that the British left
{e not considered sufficiently secure, No ex-
planation has yet come of the cannonading
reported to have been heard in the direction of
Buitfontein in the early part of the week, but
it was probably connected with the operations
of some of Gen. Methuen's reconnoitring
parties feoling the country toward Hoop-
stad, from where a demonstration in the direc-
tion of Bloamhol to the northwest on the north
side of the Vaa! would threaten the rear of the
Boor forces lower down the river at Fourteen
Streams. Boshof has temporarily been made
a base of operations on that side, as it has been
placed in charge of Col. Kekewich, lately com-
mandant of Kimberley, and been strongly In-
trenched. The return of Gen, Botha from
Natal leads one to expect some early move-
ment on the part of the Boers inthe north of
the Frey State which will probably coincide
with the fighting daily anticipated in the south.

Meantime the outlook in the southwestern
parts of the Cape Colony is said to be very un-
certain, The Dutch Afrikauders are known to
be more disaffected than ever before owing to
the highhanded measures taken by order of the
High Commissioner, Sir Alfred Milner, against
many prominent men on mere suspicion or the
denunciations of native servants, A rising in
the districts particularized, Caledon and
BSwellendam, would endanger the communi-
cations with Kimberley, as they are moun-
tuinous, pretty thickly populated, and would
afford convenient shelter to the insurgents
in ease of revolt. Should arising take place it
{s not likely it would be confined to those par-
ticulur localities, but would spread ali through
the districts inhabited by Afrikanders of Dutch
origin, and s0 give a most serious turn to the
whole situation in South Africa, It 1s not sur-
prising that under the clreumstance grave ap-
prehensions exist both at Cape Town and in
London on the subject.

IN

 

TO TEST FRANCHISE TAX

A Case Brought by Counsel for the American
Cable and Telegraph Company.

ALBANY, April 14.--The frst siep to test the
constitutionality of the Special Franchise Tax
law was taken today before Supreme Court Jus-
tice Chester, when Edmund L. Cole, as counsel for
American Cable and Telegraph (Postal) Conipany,
eocured orders for a review of the action of the
State Tax Commission in assessing and valuing
the special franchises of the company in the cities
of Builalo, Rochester, Ithaca, Gloversville and
Jamestown. The commission is directed to make
return of all papers, statements, objecucns and
evidence served upon, filed with or given before the

board, and the dates of the assessment, and full
grounds for the valuaiion and the assessinenis
referred to,

The grounds upon which the applications for
the writs of certiorari were based are that the fran-
chises were granted and enjoyed from the tnited
States Government—that is, were received from
the United States Government by virtue of whatis
known as the Post Road act, which gives to tele
graph companies who comply with the privileges
of the act the right to use the public highways
of the United States; that the Franchise act is
so vague and indefinite thatft cannot be construed,
upheld or applied by the taxing authorities or the
courts; that no power has been given by statue
to the board to value or assess real property,
or as real property to assess the franchise or
franchises of easements in the highways, streets
or public places; that the extent of four-fifths of
the franchises to use highways or public places
for telegraph purposes are the franchises of inter-
state and foreign commerce; that the valua ion
of aasessments is unconstitutional, having beep
made by the State ‘Tax Commission without au
thority therefor and in violation of section 2,
article X, of the State Constitution, The merits
of the case will be argued upon the return of the
writs after motion, which will be some time in May

Travels of the Jigger.

The very #mal! species of the flea, commonly
known aa the jigger, whose native home Is tropi-
ealand subtropical Amerioa, set out in 1872 to
circumnavigate the world and has now half
comple'ed his Journey, Hls arrival in India
and Madagascar is almost simultaneously re-
ported. On his conquering way he has badly
frightened many barbarous tribes by his pro-
penaity to bore through the skin and find
lodgment under {t, and many villages and
rometimes whole districta were abandoned
by the natives during his journey across
Africa

In September, 1872, a sailing vessel from
Brazil dumped a quantity of sand ballast on the
beach at Ambriz, « little south of the Congo.
This event has historic importance from the
fact that the jigger crossel the ocean in this
sand and itis believed to have been his first
introduction to foreigo territory. His rate of
advance across Africa depended upon the
means of transportation at hand, forthe jigger
will not hop when he mayride. it wasthirteen
years before he struck the caravan route to
Stanley Pool,andthen he journeyed quickly and
comfortably with the porters jn the freight
service to that starting point of the upper
Congo steamers which carried him half way
across Africa. Twenty years after his arrival
in Africa the jigger appeared onthe shores of
Victoria Nvanza and six years later he was
hopping along the sands of Zanzibar Island,

The jigger was thus established in 180% at
the busy mart whence many vessels sail for the
East Indiesand Oceanica. It was predicted that
hoe would soon invade India, and sure enough
his arrival at Bombay, whither he had been
brought by eoolies returning from Africa, ts
now reported, Le Tour du Monde saya he may
he expected in French Indo-China at any time
and that ha will evidently invale the whole of
southern Asia, and letters from Noss! 14, In
northwest Madagascar, report his advent thera
and on the adjoining {#lands,whoere he is flour-
ishingand maltiplying in the sandy soll.

We may next expect to hear of this persever.
ing an‘ successful traveller among the Pacifle
jalanis, and all regions fn or near the tropies
soem destined to make his acquaintance,

 

LAW.

  

Nee eee a a a a eS ES Ti Ae Se Cc cic nannies atest iamisaatiataaiaiaremmmeat

 

Mrs. Littichale 100 Years Old.
TyNosBono, Mass., April 14.-Mrs. Harrlet
Butterfleld Littlehale, a life-long resident of
thistown, was 100 years old yesterday end

 

Teopie drove from miles around to extend
their congratulations, and sho reccived many
gifts, among them hundred large pepper-

ited New Englan! weakness, She

callers at the
hale, surrounded by her descendan's, reaching
to the fifth generation She hos fourteen
grandchildren, thirty-seven wreat-grandeh|) |.
en and twee preat-grea!-grandchii
Mra. Littlehale ia the granddaucher of «
the patrinis who rallied to his country's eal! ¢
Coneord’ and Lexington Her husband dic
forty-four years igo. dSheis able to read with
out the aid of glasses,

received

ren,

Hoola, of Hanging Dog.

To EDITOR oF ‘THE

THE SUN~ Sir: Allow
me to present for your consideration the Hon. Hoola
Boom of Hanging Deg, N, ¢ It was announced Ina
polltical convention the other day that ‘Ifoola Boom

| though a strong Republican, will support t
| tutional Amendment.” E,W
New BERNE, N. ©., April 12

1¢ Consul
ROSENTHAL

Way Up.

To THE Epiror or Tur Sun-—Sir; Is Untah
Bust (barber) of this village ented to a place in
your list of immoruls. d. M. Kay,

WBEDSPORT, April 1&

      

, a Sa

 

nd

  

gavea birthday party in honor of the event. |

mints, for which Mra. Littlebale has an inher- |

home of heron, Peter Little. |

   

     

 

| JUDGE BROWN ON THE GRIGGS BILL,

He Considers the Provisions for Removal of
Indicted Men Too Sweeping.

Judge Addison Brown of the United States
District Court gave his view yesterday onthe
bill which Attorney General Griggs sent on
Friday to the chairman of the Judiciary Com.
mittee of both houses of Congress, The bill
1a practically a sequel of the decision handed
down by Judge Brown a week or no ago rae
fusing to certify a warrant of removal for Bene
jamin D, Greene and the Gaynors, indicted by
a Federal Grand Jury in Georgian for come
pileity In the frauds of Oberlin M. Carter, for.
merly @ captain of engineers in the United
States Army. Ifthe bill becomes a law it will
have the effect of compelling the removal! with.
out examination of persons indicted for

offences against the United States from the
piace of arrest tothe district where the indiote
mentisdrawn, Judge Brown said:

‘Ido notcare to enter into a detalled die.
cussion of the merits ofthe bill, 1 think, hows
ever, that {t is too broad andsweeping The
law usexpialne! in the recent case of Gaynor
and in that of Dana, five years ago, is in cone
formity with that which was laid down by Mr,
Justice Curtis nearly fifty years ago. So far as
I know, the Government has never failed to
wecure the removal of aceused persons under
the law as It stands without serious diMeulty,
In the Gayner case the Government attempted
to remove the accused without any competent
proofotecriminality. Ifthe people of the coun.
, try desire that citizens shoud be removed from
thelr homes to distant parts of the eountry to
stand trial on the mere finding of a distant
Grand Jury, acting {n secret and not making

known any clreumstance showing probable
enuse that an offenea bas been committed, a
change must be made in the existing law, and
the passage of a bill like this is the waytomake
it, should, however, regard so sweeping «
change as inexpedient, unreasonable and ope
preaatve, and in practice unnecessary

This bill goes far beyond the provision. for
{nterstate extradition, which {fs limited to
fugitives from justice, The depositions of
witnesses taken ona preliminary hearing bee
fore a Magistrate may be used in the trial, in
case the accused is committe!, provided the
witnesses at the time of the trial area not
within the State; sothat the aileged hardship
of producing Witnesses twice over is much less
than fancied.”

Waskinaton, April 14.—The bill whieh
Attorney-General Griggs sent to the chairman
ofthe House and Senate Judiciary committees
yesterday, providing for the removals of pere
6078 indicted for offences agninst (he United
JStatas from the places of arrest to the places
Wheresthe offences were committed, is ex.
Pectad, if passed, to lead speedily to the trial
ot the persons alleged to have been jin eon.
spiracy with Capt, Carter in the harbor fraude
at Savannah, Gia. Mr. Griggs said to-day that
whilo he disagree! with Judve Brown in hie
construction of the New York code by whieh
i Te held that. Benjamin. D. Green, John
*. Williams and Edward I, Gaynor eould not
be removed trom New York to Savannah for
trial, he did nor care to feht the New York law
in attempting to bring these men to trial. It
seemed best to him to recommend a change in
the Federal statutes, so aa to remove al! neces.
sity for such a contest of the New York eode
in any case Which inay arise If the construc.
tion recently placed on the New York hea
said, should bold, all that a man euilty of a
crime avainst the bederal laws need to do is to
go to New York and the bringing of him to
Juation may be delayed foralong time. At the
Kame time, the Attorney-Cieneral repeated hia
beltef that sueh a eonstruetion of the New York
lnw ne waamade inthe Gaynor case could pot
be sustained shoul! the matter be fought out
By the provisions o! the bill proposed by Mr,
Griggs, a person deemed in the judgement of
the Jndye, Justion or Commissioner, to be in-
dietable in any State under the Faderalstatutes,
shall be removed by the United States Marshal
to the district where the offence was com-
mitted, It is learue! that the Government has
accumulated | a large amount of evidence
against the New York meu concerned in the
harbor projet at Savannah, and they would be
indicted immediately after the passage of the
proposed law,

“Ole

SNOW PAY HELD UP,

Comptroller Says Many Toads Were Charged
For as Two Loads Each.

Comptroller Coler announced yesterday that
he was Investigating the cost of snow removal!
Jast winter, and that ha would not pay a balance
of $03,287.50 certifled by the Street Cleaning
Commissioner to be due to the Uvalde Asphalt
Company untilhe had obtained a satisfactory
explanation of the issuing of extra checks to
teamsters. Mr. Coler had a number of inspec.
tors from his department watching the snow
removale and they obtained evidence thatin
niany cases two checks were given for one load
of snow inatead of one. Some teamsters got
$l4 or $154 day for doing the same work that
the city’s teamsters got $5 for,and Mr. Coler
believes that the result of his investigation
will jead the elty to abandon the contract sys-
tem of snow removal entirely and have the
whole work done by Its own employees,

The last snowfall was followed by a thaw and
a freeze, which transformed the snow into ice
that was twiee the weight of the same bulk of
snow and was very hard to handle, At that
time {t wassaid that because of the hard work
the inspectors of the Department of Street
Cleaning gave out two checks instead of one
foreach load, When the teamsters got to tha
dumps they exchanged these checks for a
brass check, which was cashed by the eom-
pany. The money the Comptrojler ia holding
up has already heen paid out by the company.
President Rokeby said yesterday that the coms
pany was foreed to pay the checka, and that it
wasnot responsible if the city’s employees
overcharged it,

The city patd the contractor 54 cents for
each load of snow removed, and the contrace
tor paid 35 cents tothe teamsters. The total
finount of the snow removal bills for the two
big storms during the winter was $271,605.80
Of this $178,308.01 has been paid.

Last week Comptroller Coler sent a letter to
Commissioner Nagie asking him what tha
number of extra tickets issued was. Supt,
Bradtsh, to whom the letter waa referred tr
the Commissioner, wrote to the Comptro jer
that their was no way to tell how many were
fssued) The Comptrotier has his inspe stors<at
work Investigating the subject and wii! have
their reports within a few daya,

 

PAN*AMERICAN CONGRESS,

The Latin-American Republics Allowed te
Arrange the Programme.

" WASHINGTON, April 14.— Representatives of
the Latin-American tepublica met at the bureau
of American Republies today and agreed that
the Executive Committee of the Bureau shoud
craw up a rough plan for the proposed Conre
of the American republies, including the United
in accordance with the suggestion of
President McKinley in his iast annual me
In order to leave the Latin-American represenia
tives toact without the interference ofthis Go.«

ment, Secretary Hay and W. W. Roehl ill bier
of the Bureau, did not attend, although pr wed
to do so as officers of the bureau. Invitadons to
sarticipate in the proposed congress have already
eon sent out by the State Department to Mesio
and the Central American and South American
countries, and gratifying responses have been
received from some of them. The present plan
is to let the Latin American republic en

4

States,
we

decane

the topics to be considered, which gives th alane
share in the arrangement of the congress.n «ange
from the plan nursued in calling the first Pan-
American conference, when the prograrime was
arranged entirely by the United States The

tentative plan to be arranged by the Executive
Committee will be submitted by each of the foreiea
representatives to his Government, and much
will depend on the answers received

In the absence of Secretary Hay, Senor Calvo,

the Minister of Costa Rieo, presided The othera
who attended the meeting were the diploma ia
representatives of Mexico, Hasyti, Venezuela,
Vruguay, Colombia, Brazil, Chil and Guate
mala

Phillppine Baseball.

From the Manila Tribune
A clean, Interesting, and at times very exeite
{ng game of baseball took place last Sunday
afternoon on the racetrack grounds at Santne
mesa hatween the crack team of H Battery of
tha Sixth Artillery and ateam composed of tha
beat men inthe Third Artillery and the Howe
| pital Corps stationed atthat place. The Santa-

} mesa boyea showed up se much hetter ty graces
tee that it looked before the game began as if
they would bivean enav time with their Vaniia

opponents, Tt proved to be anything but wh ?
is known asia “cine.” Ho Battery won bya
acoreolloto4d
| The game was replete with goot + '
fleiding and briliant running. A es? ‘
' foul flv by Leyshon of the Sixth tear a
(erowd velling The feat the war

the battery work of Met aheand We «

vho worked tovether like awe ite
‘They havea bright future ‘The f
six errors Were male inthe whole g
thatitwasofahigh or'er After t
hoth teame fown to an exeeliea
} provided by the losing tear otth
lenioved themselves, The Sixth
ne hbuoterriise for the aoortann
yortl ‘fented team A
ture when th nth

ire of

tre
tt)
nt “
he

nt reras

 

 

     

‘ir wnests

willheth The following is the bate
ting order of the teams

Sith Artillery : neta
levshon, Left Field, Arbuckle, Seeond Has
Mecate, P.tehe Hejoure, Cateher
Wood, Shortstor
Welcenberger, Catcher
( First l'ase
Ranieey, Third baw,

tight Fieid

  

Second Bae

 

| M urphy Centre Field ( ‘am phell ft F eid
SCORE BY INNING!
Innings-1 2346 $
Battery, Sixth Artillery. 01908 j
tamesa.. coreevee 090206 @