WHAT KINDERGARTENS DO.

THEIR SPLENDID WORK THROUGH.
ouT NEW YORK CITY,

Bome Idea of Its Scope and Utility Given by
the Recent Exbibition of the Accomplish-
ments of the Little Puplis The Work of

the New York Kindergarten Ansoctation, |

Threo daya of last week, Tuesday to Thurs-
Gay Inclusive, were days to be remembered by
the children in the schools of the New York
Kindergarten Asavelation. It waa the time of
the annual exhibition of work done during the
year by the littie folk of these sehools and

every mother’s sou and daughter of them wae |

quite sure (t wasfar and away the biggest
eventin the history of this big town, The ox-

hibition was held {fn the achoolroom of the |

Amity Kindergarten at 312 Woat Fifty-fourth
street. The exhibits wein fastened to the four
walla of the room, from the baseboard up to@
height of about five feet, and big folk, grown
men and women, and some of them very rich,
too, accepted the Invitation of the association
to see the show. That's what made the Jittle
folk so proud and that's why thoy talked of
Httle olae for a month before the exhibition
and have taiked of little else since.

Tacked up about the walle wore mats which

the children had woven out of bright-colored |

strips of paper, various articl a fashioned out
of thesao mats, sueh as halr receivers, card
receivers, “catch-alls,” various geometrical
figures made out of the kindergarten sticks;
pletures of all these things and many more
thatthe children make from day to day outof
blocks and «ticks and other matertals with
which they work, done in colors with crayons
or paints; besides samples of sewing and work-
ings in worsted from needies piled by tiny
fingers. Other samples of the work
done in the schools, which couldn't be
tacked upon the walls, such as houses
and ensties and the like, wera set out
on tables about the room. Then there were
pictures in crayon and water colors of toys
with which the ehildren play, and dogs, and
horees, and bir!s, and fishes and deer; every
animal, in fact, that the little folk had ever
geen, Thera were enough samples to cover
the walls pretty effectually and to fill three or
four tables. So many persons saw the show
during the three days that it ts believed more
people in th! town have a comprehensive no-
tion of wha’ kin!) garten teaching fs and what
it accomp!! sthaa was ever the case before,

The New York Kiniergarten Assoctation
was Organiz. |) y Kiehard Watson Gilder, Miss
Angelina Brooks, Mrs. Grover Cleveland and
some others, on Nov. 22, L880, and was ineor-
porated on Fe), 12, 1892, From one school the
assoolation has increased the number to eigh-
teen, and ita pupils huve increased from twenty-
fiveorthirtyin the autumn of ISS) to A fow
more than nine hundred to-day, The officers

ofthe association are: Hamilton W. Mabie,
President; Mra Kate Douglas Riggs,
First VieesPresident; Mra. Henry Dwight
Bedgwick, Jr, Second Vice-President;
Prof. Nicholas Murray Butler, Third

Vice-President; the Rev. James M, Bruce, See.
retary, and Spencer Trask, Treasurer. The
Peard of Managers juciudes Mra. Laurence
Hutton, the Rey, Percy. Grant, Miss May R,
Cromwell, Mes, Morris Loeb, Richard Watson
Gilder, Mrs. Joseph Ho Choate, Mra, Goodhue
Livingston, Mrs William Jay Schieffelin, Dr.L,
Mnmet Holt, Mra, William G. Rockefeller, Mra,
jerre Jay and Mrs. Henry B. Stillman. The
eereriatencent of the schools is Cynthia BP,
dozier,

After studying the tenement house and kine
dred problems tor some time, Mr. Gilder, Misa
Vrooks and a tew others concluded in TMM)
that one oftho city’s greatest needs was Behools
forthe young children of the tenementa, chil-
deen from Sto 6 yearsold, It wae felt that if,
at the earliest possible nage, the children wera
aturted right, a higher grade of citizeaship
would follow. Mr. Glider expressed his own
idea and that of his associates wien he wrote:

“Planta free kind orgarten in any quarter of |

this overcrowded metropolis and you bave be-
wun then and there the work of making better
lives, better homes, better citizens anda bet
tereity”

\n to money enough was raised to hire the

  
  

te »s necessary forthe first free kindergar-
tor. the frat schoo! was opened in the Sunday
eeheool room of a church, whieh was given by
the torch rent free It was announced from
th tot the church that the kindergarten
¥* ‘ie opened and some of thea women tine
terest in the work went around among the
teneme: ts of the district looking for pupils, On
th: doy the school was opened re ehildren
than lid possibly be accommo lated were
ough? for Instruction. After @ time the as-
n got more money and another school
opened in another part of the eify and
ree oor four times aa inany children as
coul! be taken eare ¢ applied — for
edmiseion, This plan has been followed aver
since, Wheneverthe assoclation could afford !
to, it opened another schoo. in some section of
the city Where afree roam could be obtained

 

between

 

and where ‘re Were poor children
38 and 5 years old in the majority. of
cases the @chools are in churehes or in bulid-
ings used for religious purposes It doesn't
matter what denomination the church is so
Jong asithas a reom to spare for a kind r-
gurten, Itso happens that none of the kinder
gartens are in Kheoman Catholic churehes or
buildings belonging to that Church, but that
{6 not because the assoelation has any. objue-
tion to Roman Catholiechurehas, lhe Presby-
terians, Methodists and Episcopalians have
offered most of the sehoolrooms thus far.

The sasatons of each kindergarten ara from
o'clock untill2 Duringa part of the time
the children are taught by‘dictation; that {s,
they are told exvet'y what to ao. Tf thay are
working with blocks they are told just how to
Place the b’ocks and if they are folding and
culting papers they are told how to foid ane
where tocut, The objeet of this is primary
to give the little ones an ideathar the Engtish
language means aomething and that when

they are told todo something they shoul! do |

exactly that thing and not something aporoxi-
mating like it. When they build a house they
are instructed in exacthess of position, it be.
fngexplatvedthat if brieka cor stones, which
the bloeks they work with renresent, ara not
ploced just where they should be the house
willtumile. Then, when they have done with
the bloeks they must put them away where
th 'y found them, which is to teach them to be
orderly,

‘Vo give them a notion of form and color they
are taught to draw and paint in water colora
things which they work and play with. And
the sume things they are taught to draw they
are tanght to work in outline with worsted, so

6 to sive the rudiments of sewing. The three
hours of each session are divided into periods
of twenty minutes curing which the instrue-

tion shifts from one sulbjeet to another and |

during the Jast twenty minutes the ehildren
are permitted to nakeor draw or build what
they please, and thie period is the moat enjoy.
able of the whole session for teachers and
pupils

Besides teaching the children the. teachers
pay visits tothe children's homes and get ae-
ee with the parents, ‘These visita vary
rom tWwiee a month to two or three times a
winter, according as the teachers think the
con titions req iire it. Hesides this there ara
monthly mectin cs at each school forthe movh-
ers of the chiltren

The association employs thirty-alx teachers,
two toerch sehoo!, and the teachers recelve
from $500 to $9) Oavenr
by public educators large salaries for kinder-
Garten teachers. To pay the teushera and to
mertother excenses the association has to
raise $40,000 a year, Kor this year $87,000

 

has been subscribed, The balance must. be}
raised by sclicitation, As balances have had |
to be made up in other years inthis way, the |

managers do notapprehend diMeulty in ratse
ing the $38,000,

he atarting of these free kindergartens

Malntained by private sulaer ption, really le
to the establahmentoft kindergartens in con-
nection with the pable sehool system. But

with the kindergartens maintaine! by private
subscription and by taxation, the aupply is
nowhere equal to the demand. According to
the jast Poderal censu
127,000 children between (he agesof one and
three [n 1800 only 380 were in kincer.
gartens, and to-ay only acout 2,000 can be ae.
commodated in all the kind
The need of many more at
great even if the number of children of kin-
dergarten age had not increased since 1x80

 

 

 
  

x
2
4
x
e

CHARLES HODGMAN'S ESTATE.

$205,000 in Life Insurance Only One Pay-
ment on a 8100,000 Policy.

Sr. Lours, Apr!i 14.—Charles Hodgman, tha
well-known banker and broker who died on
last Saturday, was one of the heaviest insured
men in the city, carrying a total of $205,000, OF
this amount £100,000 was written by the Eyuit-
able of New York lastsummerand on whichhe
had paid only one premium, abou’ $450, The
next largest amount carrie! was a $50,000
policy in tho Travelers o! Hartford, Conn., an an-

nuity drawn In favorof his mother and #iaters
Heginulng at death it will pay tothem $2,500
a year for the next twenty yeara, This waa
taken out four years neo. The third largest
amount carried was $3..000 in the Mutual Life
of New York.

In addition to these large policies he carried |

Qn insurance of $20,000 distributed among aev-
eral compnies, the largeat being for $10,000
end running down to $2,000, Ali the insurance
cept the annuity goes to the eatate, Mr.
Homan was a bachelorand his mother, sis-
aad brothers will share his estate,

a

These are considered |

there were in thia eity '

     

RETURNING AMERICANS.

| last night from Liverpool, brought among
Mra. F. D. Grant, whose
| daughter, Julia Dent Grant, was married
the Prince Cantacuzene; Mra.
Levi P. Merton, Miaa Morten anil the Miases
| Helen and Allee Morton, Harman ©, Norman,

secretary tothe British imbassy at Washing-

ton; Winthrop Chanler, W ©. Fuastis and John
| F Carroll and Mra. Edward J. Reniok.

other passengers

| last fall to

| Mrs. Grant sald ane ad been summoned
| abroad seven weekn ago by her daughter, who
| to
Grant

supposed
Mra.

was
When

what
fever.

i) swith
typhoid

was
be

reache’ the Princess she was on the

'
| ad to recovery. At At. Pete abere
| Wr. Grant stopped at the home of her daugh-
| ter's mothenti-law, the Dowager Princess,
Mra. Grant will go to Washine'on to visit the
mother-in-law of her son, Ulysses 8. Grant,
Mrs, Morton, her duughtera and W, ©,
Fustis were met at genentne by ex-Gov,
| Morton's secretary, Mrs. Edward I. Renick
body of her husband, who

accompanted th
c : 4 He wae counsel or ie

died regently in Paria.
Count Boot de Castellana and was con gece
j withthe Arm of Coudert Brothers, +s
| Carroll, who 1s a brother of the Tee?
, leader, John F. Carroll, wae greeted at Quaran-
; ting by Hegiater Isaac Fromme and Mra. John
", Carroll,
Aboard the Cunarder Campauia from Liver-
| poot and Queenstown, which docked fn the
afternoon, were many of the relatives and
frienda of J.O. Lawaon Johnston, who will be
| married to Misa Dunlop.on Wadneasday, Some
, of the relatives are Lawson Johnston,
Mrs, }, Lawaon Johnston, Mra. Lawson John-
| aton, W. E, Lawson Johnaton, Mra, Lawson
| Johnston, G, Lawson Johnaton, E. A. waon
| Johnston, Ethe! Lawson Johnston, Eva Lawson
Johnston, A. L. Lawson Jobnaton, and Master
| G_Lawaon Johnaton.

Mrs. Minnie Turnquiet, a Danish steerage
passenger, diadon Tuesday and was burted at
sea, Her ten-year-old daughter Minnie saw
the funeral. Tho women of the steerage took
care of Minnie for the reat of the voyage
and when she lan led atthe Barge Office Pastor

bre a a

tasionary, took her to her aunt,
fra. Alma Vinguist of 446 Atlantic avenue,

srookiyn,

 

BROKRR CHARGED WITH ASSAULT.

 

Gerry Agent Arrested Sqaire After a Talk
With the Girl's Mother.

Ernest L. Squire, a broker of 38 Wal! street,
who lives at 33 Manhattan avenue, was
arraigned yesterday in the West Side police
eourt before Magistrate Meade on the charge
of assault. lie was arrested at his home on
Friday night by Thomas H. Agnew, an agent
forthe Gerry society, after Agnew had talked
with a Mra. Edgar Thompson of 44 Broadhurst
avenue, the mother of fifteem-yorr-old Viola
Mann, who has been employed, according to
Agnew's statement, at Squlre’a house,

| Squire was held in $1,500 bal! for examination
No evidenes was

on Wednesday morning.
taken,

Squire, it is allewed, foserted an advertises
meut in the Herald about tendays ago saying
that a wealthy family would educate and take
enre of a young girl of limited meana who
would have to perform some work in the
house, ‘hia advertisement the girl anawered,
and she was employed by Mr. Squire, Mrs,
Thompson removed her daughter from the
house on Friday

Gerry Agent Agnew told the reportera in
court that Mra. Thompson was divorced from
Gottiie: Mann of Hartford,
her daughter was 2 veara old
and that she married an Edgar Thompson
three years sao. She said that the girl would
be 18 pears o'don May 23.

Mr Squire said thathe was plage and was
| 40 years old) He was accompan ed in court by
| alawyer, but neither of them would discuss
| the case

A SUN reporter went to Bquire’s house Inet
night. He nad not yet found bail, but there
yas there a Mra, Adéle Rinkel, who rente the
apartment onthe ground floor. BShakald that

Squire had cecupled two of the rooms for some
| time, and she verifled Agent Agnew’s story fn
every particniar, Agnew sald also that a Ruth
! Whiting, who is said to be 20 years old, left her
‘home in Troy on March 18 in auswer toan
| advertisement inserted by Bquire. She soon

her huabend,

Conn, when

leit Squire’s apartments and, according to
Agnew, has brought sult against him for

$25,000 damages in the SupremeCourt. Squire
relused to talk to the reportars who went to
the Weat Side court prison |ast night.

|

:
\ CURAN TEACHERS VISIT.
-———
|

 

Yonng Men Gtving Up Their Rooms at Har-
vard to the Visitors.

CaMnMripar, Masa, April 14--The canvass
which a committee of students has been making
among the college boys to secure their consent |
to allow the Cuban teachers to use their rooms
and furniture during their coming visit to the
Harvard summer school has met with a more than |
anticipated success. The spring recass which |
begins today prevented the canvass from belong |
mace completely, but lt was found that approxi- |
me!) 320 men have consented to give up their |
ror and to otherwise hep the movement vith
mone,, ‘furniture and the various omaments
thai ge to make up a college room. In jwany |
of the aormitories the committee was unable to |
| gee the occupants of rooms, but their books show
that only 5 percent, of the men are refusing

These rooms have all been placed at the dis-
poral of the corporation and fully one-third of ,
them will be left with the furnitureintact The
canvass wil! be completed affer the recesa and

made complete. The committee is very much
pleased with tne success of the movement.

EDITOR RUTTENBER INDICTED.

 

Charged With Unlawfally Publishing an Ob-
scene Newspaper.

Newrvror, Apri! t4.—J7. W. FP. Rattenber,
aon of TM. Rattenher, !oeal historian and
editor and publisher of the Sunday Telegram
here, was indieted by the Grand Jury this
week, He was arrested to-day by Deputy
Sheriff Moore, taken before City Judge Hynd-
man and released on bail furnished by his
father. Thecharge against Editor Ruttenber

{a unlawfully publishingan obscene newspaper,
Fora longtime it hea been whispered thata

movement was on foot looking to the stopping
of the pudlication of nauseating artiales in the
Telegram, and a tew weeks aac a fleof the

| pauper was taken to Anthony Comstock who ad-
visel thatthe matter be laid before the Grand
Jury. Mr. Rottenter represents Orange county
fy moatof the meetings of the leaders of the
Chicago Platform Democrata,

 

 

OBJECTS TO FAMILY POLITICS.

A Georgia Man Who Doesn't Like to Have
Too Many Relatives as OMiccholders,

| Savanna, Ga, Apri} 14.—Chatrman Dale of
‘the Board of County Commissioners an-

nounced to-day his withdrawal from politics.
| Mr. Dale's primary reaaon for not making the
race ngain this year, and {pn withdrawing alto-

ether from the political fleld, sesma to bo that
Ee hinke all the offices should not go to ono
amily.

“We don't want all the offlega In the Dale
family,” eald Chairman Daie, “With Merritt
Dixon running for Senator, Jim Mixon a
prospective condidate for mere and Oshorne
seeking @ reflection for Solfoltor-Generai, I
| think {tis about time for me to retire,”
The three men named are eons-in-law of
| Chairman Pale.

Hang Jary in the Graddick Potsoning Trial.
Cotumara, §.C., April 14.—-A mistrial was
ordered to-day in the case of Mrs. Belle Grad-

|
|
dick, charged with poisoning her af

The solicitor gave notlee that he would prob-
ably call the case next waek. It is said that he
jain posaeasion of newand damaging evidence
avainst the defendant. Mra, (hraddiek was re-
ruen fed in jatl Bail will not be allowed. Bight
jurora were for conviction,

| Brewer's Unton fnvites Bryan te Dtnner.

The Ale and Porter Brewer's Union, which
{a to have an anniversary dinner in the Hotel
} Marlborough on May 12, has asked William
Jeunings Bryan to be present and deliver the
o) lef address of theevening. Uplike the Je!-
fersonian workingmen who had Mr. Bryan for
their guest, the brewers do not Ifmit tho ries
of pele dinner to $l, the tickets being
each

Waiter Falls Dead in Rector’s Restaurant.

George Hofreuder, 50 years old, of 1987 Bee.
ond avenue, a walter In Rector’a restaurant in
Long Acre Sqnare, fel] Jeadtycater tay morning
while sitting ata table in the rearof the matn
dining room. He waa arranging mepu éarde
when he fell from the chair to the floor.
Apoplexy waa the cause of death. Hotreuder
pod, bees employe! tn the reataarant two
weeks

 

W.C. T. U. Boycott on Cigarette Men.

Laronrtr, Ind., April 14.-One hundred or-
ganizations representing the Woman's Chriat-
fan Temperance Union of Indiana have united |
for a crusale against ‘he manufacture o}
cigarettes and the maters| entering into their
compesition. The crusale will take the form
of a general boycott, an’ it willbe used against
| manufacturers and ivca, dealers, a

’

 

  

  

| Mrs. Levi P. Morton. and Mrs. F. D. Grant
| on the New York-—Lots of Lawson Johnstons,
The American |iner New York, which arrived

     

OF THE OASTLER SALE,

ABT AMATEURS RID HIGH FOR
ORIENTAL PORCELAINS.

END

 

Gema of the Collection Disposed Of Yesterday
and Many Woell-Known Collectors Among
the Parchasers - Receipts for the Afternoon
Were 882,868; Total for Sale, 687,331.

It was a most interesting sale, that at the
American Art Galleries yesterday afternoon,
the last day of the auction of William Churchill
Onatier’s collection of art objecta, of which the
Oriental porcelains attracted widest attention.
The choicest porcelains of the collection were
put ap at thin session, and people oame to buy
them who not only appreciated them but who
wero in position and in moed to meet the con-
ditions under which they were to be
had, It was in this respect an auction
lesa meroantile than sentimental, and sach a
one an lovers of art objecta like te think of as
eharacteristio of the market in which art lov-
ere buy, however hard it 1s sometimes to hold
tothat idea, Apparently there was a general
appreciation of the fact that, 60 far as people
now see, there are no more such collections
immediately to be dispersed, and men and
women came with the intention not of taking
chance bargains but of getting what they
wanted. The dealers standing by waiting for
bargaine figured eo rarely among the purchas-
ers that they do not need to be especially men-
tioned.

The 228 catalogue lots of the porce
Iains sold during the afternoon brought
$31,141. A number of cabinete and
teakwood stands whioh had been used by
Mr, Onstler to display the collection were sold
after the porcelaina and brought the receipts
of the afternoon up to $32,888.50, making the
total proceeds of the five days’ sale $37,331.
The auction as a whole was a very successful
one, Thomas FE. Kirby was the auctioneer.
The dealers, who at the beginning got
good things at thelr own prices,
wore at the end driven out of the bidding, for
the most part, andin respect of the lacquers,
although the prices were below what these
productions of art are held by their admirers
to be worth, the faot remaina that never before
have lacquers sold so successfully here, and
there aro hopes now of greater and a wider ap-
preclation of them.

Among the people in attendance at yester-
day's sale, moat of whom, if not all,were buyers,
were Amos F. Eno, Mr. and Mrs. George
Crocker, Mrs. Morris K, Jesup, Mrs. Elbritge
T. Gerry, Mr. and Mrs. Edgar Bradley, F. A.
Bell of Madison, N. J.; J. H. Bates of Brooklyn,
F. H, Gay and Mr. Pendleton of Providenee,
Dr. Bigelow of the Boston Museum of Fine
Arta, W. M. Laffan, C. H. De Silver, B, Altman,
C. 1. Hudson, Thomas B. Clarke, Edwin Fin-
atein, James Bishop, James Spencer, Warner
Van Norden, R. H. Halsted, ©. M, Pratt, Mr.
Auchineloss, Mr. and Mrs. Ellenwood of New
Jorsey, Fben Wright, E. Getz and K. F. Moore

They had come to buy vases of the hue of
ten dust and of the tea leaf, vases of sang de bout
and clair da lune, of celedon and in the green of
theapple, the emerald, the camelia leaf and
the turquoise, of sapphire blue and the bluse of
6ome atones and of starch, in yellow and
orange and in the red of the coral, and vases
decorated in the most vari-colored enamels.

And when those that they wanted were put
upon the selling board they bid for them with-
out stint, except in the case of a few of the im-
portant pieces, which sold at prices low and
beprenpntin conaiderable loases

Mr. Gay of Providence appeared to have come
for just two pieces and he went away theowner
of bothofthem. One wasa gallipotthat cast him
about $100 an inch, if it were not sacrilege to
measure the value of porceluin in that way.
Perfect in shape, branches high, of the Yune-

cheng perio 24-1735), ft fa covered
with coral red glaze of particularly fine
tone, the tint uniform throughout. The
fine welity of the color made the vase onu
areatiy admired, and several bidders wera
afterit. Theyeould have been pardoned for

hoping to met it for $150, Not a vase ofthe
dozen gold before it had gone above S1y0, and
ten were sold after it before one reached $200
But the bidding on the coral red came from
three or four inen up tothe neighborlioo! of
$400, and was continued by two or three to
$520, at which the vase went to Mr, Gay.

“Tit didnot happen thar [have one of that
tint, ] should have been willing to bid that up
to $750," Mr. Altman sald, later in the dav.a
remat that seemed to record the key of much
of the day's bidding

Mr. Gay's other vase waa the K'ang-hsi white
one decorated Iu brililant colors with the gar-
den groups of women representing the four
accomplishments of the Chinese scholar, for
which he paid $570

toraciatr de june vase, 8 inches high, in
the shapes of an amphora, whiel hud been ra-
paired, T, B. Clarke paid #390. Othar vaaes
whieh had been repaired sold for $5, 8180 and
one in the green of the camelia lea! of a minute
ernekle for $300,

\ globular vase with a height and diam-
eter of Ty inches, in a soft pink mono-
chrome glaze, a variety of rose dior, sold for
$220; a vase in the shape of a melon standing
upright and nee with apure green, hetzhe
inches (Kiang-hal), for $480: a oinb-
ehaped vase in powder blue for $220; one of
alnijlae shape in a coral red souMlé glaze for

$O0,
A Lang-yeo flower pet, the richeat in eolor
among the sang Je beoufs, its varied tones
Paselng from the red of the ruby tothe deapest
cimeon, aud the interior being in arice-coor
erackle, which, had it been a vase fo sneh co. -
gyin , would be almost priceless, atarting at
$100 was bid up to $400, It was bought by Mr
Bradley. It would not hava been a surprine tf
the nieve on aceount of its beauty of color had
zone evon higher, A sang de bent vase of
bo tlashape, the glaze flesked with light spots
and richly mottled toward the bottom, went to
Mr. Clarke at $350, Another of the Lang-yao
Pieces, an ovitorm vase 17 inches tall, the
greatest diameter ts inches, with a deep glaze
of rich, finaly mottled sang de beul, on the
neck shadings of celedon crackle and
near. the foot very brilifant, sold at
the wera figura but one of the day,
going at $00 to J, B. Randolph on order, A
ten leaf vase sold for $110, a tea dust vase for
$105, a celedon pilertm bottle ar full-moon
vase for $340 and another celedon piece, an
ovoid vase 20 !nches tall with a diameter of 16
inches, for $375. A vase 1% inches tall and 7
inches in diameter in darkest sang de boeuf
sold at $810. A vase of bottle shape, very
broad (17 inches), with a helghtof 22 inches,
in deep Magarin blue with a juetre that gave
the glaze erent apparent depth, fold for $400

The great bottie--haped Yung-cheng vase,
(1,137 of the catalogue), which it had been
hoped would bring out the Ifehest faure of
the sale asatine speciinen piece, was started
at $500, and by very slow bidding was sent up
to $1,000, at whieh Raure Mr. Ailtmen got it,
That price was refused for the vase ones, For
paother Yung-cheng vase, showing sang de
po ut and peachblow tints, Mr. Altman gave

One of the most marked of the competitiona
for the decorated poreelains waa for the much-
admired egashell lanterns of the Ch'ten-lung
period, decorated in bright eolors with plam
trees In blossom, flowers, rocks, pea fowls and
Ruddhistic symbols, which were sold one with
the privilege of the pair. The arlvances were in
eina'l amounts, but came steadily and in
etrangth and sent the prige to $310 each, at
which the lanterns weot to Mr. Laffan.

The big lpperia! palace vase went to Boston
fo: $998. Tho laree vase mado in imitation of
on old Chinese bronze, which coat $1,800 in
(hina some years ago ond has been sold before
fn thia elty, went for $350. Mr. Clarke took
two gyn pieces, avasgeand a fish bowl, for $305
and $290 respectively. A large vase with the
‘raven’s wing” body and decorated in enamels
of many colors, representing variona flowers
and aymbola waa soldto Mr, Be}) f4r $280, Tha
same purchaser securad the twovaseadecornted
with peaches in the colors of the ripening

 

fruit for $500 each The K’ana-hai clab-
shaned vase, decorated chiefly in ereen
enamels with grouns of figures, of which
the mogt conspicuona was the Taolst
Triad~Lua, Shou and Fu sing —the
ater gods of rank, longevity and happineaa,
soliatS440, The Chinese “Long Eliza” vase
brought $105

Thomas F. Kirby, the auctioneer, announeed
that thla was the last sale of the season at the
American Galleries.

$3,700 FOR PEALE'S WASHINCTON,

The Portrait Bought at Auction by Thomas
Kelly of TMs City.

One of the Charles Wilson Peale portraite
of George Washington was sold for $3,700

last night at the Fifth Avenue Art Gal-
lerles to Thomas Kelly, aon of the
late Eugene Kelly The portrait was
done for the Lee family about the

year1774. Gea. Lee sold it from Arlington in
1870, The bidding for the portrait began at
$1,000 and increased rapidly in $100 bide until

ait was reached, when they fall off. Mr,
set deviined to say what disposition he
would make of his purchase

Ameng the other pictures, numbering eighty-
one, which were sold at auction last night
were four etchings by Queen Victoria. in
1TM49-45.) Similar etchings were lately sold in
London for prices ranging from £50 to £86,
but those sold last night hardiy brought the
same number of dollars. During the Inst
week 234 paintings were sold at the Fifth
Avenue Art Galleries ata total of $16,586.50,
The sale last night, which consisted of eighty-
one pictures, amounted to 1,

THE SUN, SUNDAY, APRIL 15,

 

rn SRS SSS SSS. SSS SSS SP SSS Sse nSar SS -ra Sns erssieesseesieshisenens ines

Sieriinnnnenaeinneneen

 
 

MUSEUM OF ART OPENING.

Many Valuable Additions to Be on View There
for the First Time.

The regular spring exhibition and opening
of the Metropolitan Museum of Art will ocour
to-morrow, when a reception will be @iven by
the trustees to the imvited guests, and the
building will be opened tothe public on Tues-
day, The museum has been closed for two
weeks for the alterations and repaira made
each apring.

There will be thireen additione to the muse-
am's collection of paintings on view at the
Opening, some of them having been presonted
to the institution and others loaned by the
owners. The additions will all be found in
gallery No 2. Included among these {# Tarn-
ers “Grand Canal, Venice,” bequeathed by
the late Cornelius Vanderbilt; Edgar M. Ward's
“The Co beramith, | the gift of several entie-
ponan a “Portrait of Dante Cone 1," by

ir Martin Archer Shee, which J. D. rypmies
recently, presented to the pppeup. ‘orthe
opening canines: Mr. F, O. Matthiessen h
loaned several large paintings and some small
ones from hisecoliection, "The Holy Family,

Rubens, is one of these, and others area
“Portrait ofa Man,” by the same patoter, “In-
terior of u Public Library, Venice, by Tito
Teasi; a Titlan, antitied Portratt ‘of Antonio
Grimani, Dose of Venioe:” “dary Magdalen at
Prayer,’ by Murillo, and a “Portrait ofa Young
Man,”’ by Sir Thomas Lawrence,

Numerous additions have been made in the

department of sculpture, including some an-
tiquities; 225 musical instruments have been
added to the collection presented by Mra. John
Crosby Brown. The new statuary comprises
two pleees bequeathed to the musvam by
William HH. Webb, one of them a statue of
Venus by Halbeg and a eroup re ating
Columbus unveiling America to the Nd World,
and two marvle figures of “Ruth” and “Nydia,
presented by Jntnes Douglass.
Numerous additions of Greek, Roman and
Pheenician bronzes purchased by the museum
will be on view, aa well asa collection of Eayp-
tian antiquities frem the Egyptian Exploration
‘und. Many antiquities have also n loaned
for exhibition purposes.

NEW TELEPHONES SYSTEM.

Kconomy in Wires and Reduction tm Cost and
Maintenance Claimed.

There is now in operation at Freeport,
L. L.. anew telephone system operated by the
Smith- Vassar ‘Telephone Company, whoreby, it
is stated, from 40 to 50 per cent. saving in con-
atruction and matntenance over present sys-
tems is attained. The aystem le the jnvention
of the late James G, Smith, who waa President
in turn of two telegraph companies, which
afterward were merged into the Western
Union Company. ly means of this system
thirty-four wires, ft {3 said, will aecommodate
JOU subscribers, Fourteen of these wires
are for calling; the other ten pairs for
talking. ‘The subscriber, in taking the re-
celving ‘phone trom the hook, automatically
establishes connection with the frat pair of idle
wires, securing them solely for his own use,
and thus insuring secrecy. A test was made at
Freeport yesterday which waa satisfactory, it
is reported, fo the Visitiag experts from the
city. The plant there has been running for
some time,

IMMIGRANT BECOMES INSANE.

 

She Attacks an Ellis Island Keeper—Will Be
Sent Back to Sweden.

young Swedish
on Wednes-
Hiner Oceanic

Josephine Johnaon, a
woman who arrived here
day aboard the White Star
and was detained because it was sus-
pectod that ashe was not altogether
right mentally, became violently Ineang yes-
terday, attacking an attendant at Eliia Island.
Bhe was putabourd the Oceante and looked up
in a state room, She said she had brothers
aod asters tn Hartford, Conn., but the ie
gration officials were unable toflad them, She
wiil go back on the Oceanic,

 

Ww. D. GUTNRIE'S INJURIES,
His Leg Was Broken When He Was Thrown
From Hie Horse.

William D. Guthrie of 28 Park avenue, who
was thrown from his horse on Friday at Locust
Valley, L. 1, was brought to his home tn this
city yes‘erday morning, He had parsed the
night at his country home and Dr. K, D. Kim-
bail hadjbeen with him allnight. At his home
lust night it was said that Mr. Gutnrte’s in-
juries consisted of @ broken leg and some
minor bruises and that, owing to hia excellent
constitution, he was getting along nicely.

 

OBITUARY,

Asa Alling Alling died lastevening at his home,
101 West Eightieth street He bad been con-
fined to his house late in February ase the result
of complications following appendicitis, From
the beginning of his Uloess his physicians, Dr.
Bull aad De Janeway, bad no hope of his _re-
covery. Mr Alling was prominent at the New
York bar, and until the nomintaton of Bryan in
1406 was iniiuential in the inner coundis of ‘Tam-
many Hal He joined tue Gold Denweratic
faction in that campaign and had litte active
parwipadon in poltues afterward. Mr. Alling
was born in this city May 4, 1562. His father
was J. Sacwett Alling, who is still living Mr.
Alling was graduated from Cornell University
with the class of 1853. He took the Woodford
yriza for oratory at Cornell. He was graduated
rom tay Columbia law school in 188, and im-
mediately entered upon the practice of law in this
city. Ue soon formed » parmership with City
Chamberlain Crain and Thaddeus D. Kenneson,
under the firm name of Keuneson, Crain & Alling
Mr Alling was married in June, 1894, to Loulso
Floyd Smith, the daughter of George Henry
Sinith. They had no children, Mr. Alling was
a member of the Metropolitan, Manhattan, Cor-
nell University and Democratic clubs and of the
Bar Association and the New England Soctety

William Hildrean | teld ef 023 Madison avenue

 

died yesterday at his hawe of pneumonia. He
was bornin this city on April 16, 1843, He was
Durin,

radiated from Union College in 1463
fils college course he earned the distinction o
being tne first man to introduce athledcs in the
collége. He entered the Columbia Law School
from which he was graduawd in 1666. He en-
tered into a partnershin with Judge J. W. Fad-
monds, and when Judge kdmonds died in 1874
he formed a partnership with a lawyer named
Harrison. in 1682 be became the senior member
of the Arm of eld & Deshon of 287 Broadway.
In 1547 he was the President of the Xavier Union.
In that year the organization was merged into
the Catholic Club. Mr. Field was the President
of the Catholic Club for the two terms sucovedi
the amalgamation. Fle was one of the Bear
o! Managers of he Roman Catholic Orphan Aay-

lum In 1480 he was appointed by Mayor Grant
as a Supervisor of the Board of Manictpal Civil
Service. Two daughters

survive hi The
funeral service wil] be held at the Church of St
I¢natius Loyola, Fighty-fourth street and Park
avenue, on Tuesday morning when a requiem
mass will be sung

Oloff De Lancey VanCortlandt,a aon of Augustus
Vancortlandt, died late Friday night at the Nep-
tuae House, near the summer home of the New
York Athletic Club in Sew Rocheile. Three
weeks agro while at the Tuxedo Club he contracted
@ cold which developed tuto pneumonia. After
recovering scmowhat be returned to the home of
Mra, John Munroe at Dartow on the Sound, where
he has lived with his father for several years,
On Monday while tn the Neptane House he anf.
fered & relapwe and was put to bed thera, He
w born in Kingsbridge, now VanOortlandt
Park, which was formerly owned by hia relatives,
and was in his thirty-second yrar. He was a
member of the New York Athletic Clab and the
Tuxedo Ciub of Orange County, \. ¥. He waa
one of the famous Chipple Rowing crew of the
former club He is survived by his father and
thre brothers, \gustus, Robert C., and Norman,
and one sister who married atitied Englishman.

Frank H. Looker, ono of the best known bust-
ness men {a New Haven, was found dead fa bed
yesterday. Denth was due to apopleay. He
waa a direct descendant of the v. Thomas
Hooker, who founded the firat Conneetient colo
at Hartford in 1636. He was 57 years old
was wraduated from Yale with the clams of 1864
He was manager of Henry Hooker & Co., large
carriage manufacturers in the United States,
besides being a directorinthe Winchesfer Ropeat-
ing Arms Company, National ‘T'radeamen's and
th: Now Haven Savings banks. He also held
many olber places of trustin other citles. He was |
a well-known clubman in New York. Two sona
and @ daughtersurv veblm. His wife, who was
a daughter of George EK. Russell, died in 1881

Harry Richarda, who has been for the paat

von years head usher at the Metropolitan Opera

oume under the direction of Thomas Bull, died
on Friday morning at his home, 947 Ninth avenue,
He had been il! fora week He was well known to
all the patrons of the Opera House and qas ca-
poctally popular with the atoek holders, @ was
born in New York foity veare ago and had been
a drug cletk until he became an usher with the
Staten Island Amusement Company a! St Gaarge.
For ten years he had been head usher at the con
certa of the Philharmonic Society and at moat of
the prominent musical performances in Naw York.
He was unmarried and leaves a widowed mother.

Charles Stadbins, a retired merchant, died of
pneumonia on Friday at his home at 56 Living-
étone street, Brooklyn, at the age of 87 years,
He waa bern in Springfield, Mass., and in 1830
can to thik city and became aclerk in a wholesale

rocery. After six years he went to Mobile and
ater to New Orleans, where he became the repre
sentative of Phelps, Dodge & Un, He returned to |
this city at the breaking out of the Civil War and |
retired from business in 1870. He waa a Republi
can.

Edward Payson Walling, who died suddenly |
from apr pe xy at hts brotuer’s offica in the Par |
Row Butlding on Friday, was one of the most
prominentiaymenin the Congregational denomi-
nation in brooklyn and he had long been connected
with the Centrai Congregational Church. He waa
@ member of the American Sunday School Union
aud the Port Society of New York

‘ ~»
#** OD Dil mallee peirints

massive ent setriehete=et ln edenenohgeensiidcbentatteieatmaecisisuteiemesiteasersmechspciamnemedseenge ieee ame iaomnetedteaataa alrearaieen -saaacla annie iasieeaenaenantegaagstes aesiceorictastecoueenasreimesniniatmaeaemsenenemmmaaeemniainig!
2

eine i A etait Maa  oathht s le ane pe  r8 cst ae

Pk Poa pe
We es, On kine th a a: Sy
Apa Mica dd ei: ee

1900.
FLAG-RAISINGS AT MANILA.

CITY ABOUNDED IN PATRIOTISM ON
WASHINGTON'S BIRTHDAY.

 

Schools Honored the Anniversary in the Same
Way That American Boys and Girls Die-
play Their Leve of Country—Dluminations.

That thero {s loyalty to the Stars and Stripes
{n Mantla no one doubted who saw the Wash-
{ngton's Hirthday celetration in that city.
This account of {t ts given by the sfanila Free.
dom for Feb 24: i
“The prineipal features ot the Washington's
Birthday celebrations were the flag-ralsings at
the schools, the races and the decorations and
{lluminations on the bay. All the principal
places of businens in the city were closed and
American were hang out on nearly ai!
the American residences im the city.
“The attendance at the flag-raising exercises
at the public schools was vory encouraging to
the principals and teachers of the schools of
Manila, who have worked eo hard during their
many monthe of service to bring the young
idee up to the present atage of advancement {n
English studies, Tho more interest mani-
fested by parents and Americans in Manila
means greater encouragement for future effort
and appreciation. Thechildren surprised the
visitors with the accurate | owledge of
Engtish displayed in their deciamations, and
the enthustasm with which they greeted the
flag proved that there area large number of
patriotic Americans grewing up who will preve
{te defendors.
“Viva los Americanos,” was the ory from
trandreds of throats as Col. John W. French,
Twenty-second Infantry, whois a member of
Lafayette Post, 140, of New York city,
which post sent 200 bunting flags 4x6 to the
schools of the Philippines in November last,
assisted by Supt. Anderson unfolded tho
starry banner to the breeze, and the salute to
the fing was given with an earnestness that
will never be forgotten. In all forty-one
echools were visited, and at each one aeplendid
programme of von d to mental music
with recitations and readings in yt by the
upils was added to the heautifal ceremony,
Columbia,’ ‘America’ and ‘The Star Spangled
janner were the principal choruses, and many
@pectal featu were inctuded that added
paren o the several programmes. ‘Mary
Attle Tamb’ had a prominent piace in
the numbers, anda charade in which the word
‘Washington’ was built by ten pupiia, each of
whom place! a letter with a eulogy on the
American petriot, A mandolin and also a harp
Kolo by twe of the )ittie ones were special feat-
ures, The Maypole dance, executed by the
giris of Woaceneion was @ pretty sight, and
wound up with ‘The Star Spangled Banner,’
In Quiapo ajavenilé orchestra whe the attrac-
tion. Thecherrytree and little hatchet story
was told over andover again, and one of the
little 'ilipino boys recited in amanly way the
Filiping view of the great man who never told
alle. The little man’s recitation was “Truthful
Washington:’
Tama Filipino boy
And not supposed to know
About the great George Washington,
And why folks loved him so
But | have heard (t said of Lim,
That from bis early youth,
When accused of Rauehty deeds,
He always spoke the truth.
And] believe that truthful boys
Will truthful men become,
And be beloved by every one,
Like the great Washington,
“The residenta of Manila were treated to an
unusual sight in the harbor Thursday evening.
The Bropk'ym wasa mass of brilliant electric
lights. From bow to astern she became the moat
conspicuous object on the bay, and the Luneta
was overflowing with spectators drawn toere
by the brilliant apedtacia, riyin the evening
a dieplay of flreworks from the veseels lying in
the vicinity of the Brooklyn added to the im-
ening spectacia. At 9 o'clock the Ilghts were
urned off, aud the last obeervances of the day
were concluded,”
The foregoing description is supplemented
by a letter from Col. French to his comrades in
Lafayette Post:
“ARAYAT, PROVINCE OF Tyson |

Luzow, Paiurprrve Ispanns,
Fes. 26, 100,
“Major Wilbur F. Brown, Adjutant Lafayette Post
No. 1460, Department of New York, G, A. R.:
“SIR xp ComMkADE-L have the honor to
report that.on the 2lat, 22d and 23d days of
Fehruary, 1900, I visited, accompanied by Mr.
Anderson, Superintendent of Education, city of |
Maniia, and fev. Father E. 4. Fitz-Gerald,Chap-
lain, United States Army, attached tomy regl-
ment, twenty-two pullic and gerd schools in
Manila, presenting the amal! flaga with due
ceremonies, reading portions of the ‘Addrese of
Comrade Allen C. Bakewei on Presenting the
giags, maxing @xp.anatory remarks anitable
to the occasion to the teachers in the school
rooins in the presenes of tha scholars and raia-
ing the flags with my own hands upon the ataffe
attached to the froncs of the sehool buildings,
At the largest echoola the pupils wera formed
in the streets alter the inside presentation had
been made and cheered as the flag was flung
to the breeze.
“On the 22d many of the schools, eapacially
those superintende’ by American women
(daughters and widows io several casea of
officers who had fajien in battle or died of dis-
ease in these jalanda), were decorated in honor
of Washington, and appropriate exercises held
In the form of aineing of our nutional nire by
the entire schoo! and of reciting patriotic poe-
try by the brightest children.
‘Ll trust that. the remembrance of these

scenes will not fade from the memory of the
outhfal Filipinos, but that it will ramain
orightand lead them to a love of the flag of
Iiberty, that of their new country, Very re-
spectfuily,

“Jouw W. Freyce, Colonel, 22d Infantry,

Comrade of J.afayette Post.”

a  ——————————————

 

 

MYSTERIOUS MURDERER HANGED,

Refused to Revenl Mis Real Name and Could |
Net Be Identified.

TononTo, Ontario, April 14.—-An unidentified
murderer was hanged here to-day. He gave
the name of Heary Williams, but admitted |
that it was not his real name, He sald he did |
not wish to bring disgrace on his aged parents,

 

and he died without disclosing his identity,

Williagys was robbing the grocery store
of J. E, Varooe with a companion, MeIntosh.
Vorcoe waa shot with a revolver found on
Williams, who was stunned in jamping froma
window and was captured. The polige fatally
shot MeIntosh. Thie was the &ret hanging in
Toronto in over ten years.

 

 

DETECTIVE’S WIDOW TRIES SUICIDE.

Stepmother of Uaymarket Corey Jumps From
a Second-Story Window.

Mra. Lottie Corey, widow of the Inte Joseph

Corey, who was a deteotive attached totho East

Twenty-second street station, and stepmother

of Eaward Corey, pruprietor of the Haymarket,
tried to kill herself early yesterday morning 4

umpi from & second-atory window at 10
ast Th riyfirat atreet where she Ilves. Her
not alippe

just os ehe waa jumping and she
ff and fa

struck a balcony. She rolled o d landed in

a grass plot, where neighbors found hersome
poe of r. Aon ambulance took her to Bellevue
vepital, where it waa said that she had re-

ooived in

roal jnjuries, but would probab!
recover. , dsaes had been fn ill-health Hd

eeveral months.

Draak Laudanem After a Lovers’ Quarrel.

Florence Wilson, 18 years old of 11 Stanton
street quatrelied witha man, with whom she
was in love on the Bowery neur Division street
on Friday night, hen the man started to walk
away from her she took abottie containing
laudanum out of her pocket and drank ita con-
tents. An ambulance removed her to Gouv-
erneur Hospital. where it was said that she
might recover,

 

 

Italian Bride Attempts Suicide.

Maria Clemente, after a quarrel with her
husband, Bernardo Clemente, to whom she
was married only a month ago, yesterday

orning attempted to poison herself at her

ome, 2280 Atiantic avenos, Brooklyn, with
matchheada, which she had disso! ved in water,
She was arrested after an application of the
stomach pump at St. John’s Hospital,

Rumor of Fifteen Men {a a Burning Mine,

Prrrssusa, Pa., April 14.—Fire started yes-
terday afternoon in Easen mine No. 3 near
Bridgeville, It is rumored that fifteen men are
in the mine, but the Pittaburg Coal Company
to whom it belongs, says that only one, Wenzol
Stirret, is confined in the mine, Although
only fourteen milesfrom Pittsburg the mina is
connected with this city by ouly one branoh
railroad. ERAT)

Pugtlist Sharkey to Have a Saloon.

“Spike” Sullivan, pugilist himeolf and
bosom friend of Mr. Tom Sharkey, is authority
for the announcement that the heavyweight Is

to open a saloon in_ partnership with City
Chamberlain Patrick Keenan. Sullivan said
last night thata al'e on Fourteenth street, op-
posite Tammany Hall, had been selected for
the saloon.

Delegates to Philadelphia.

York, Pa., April 14.—At the Republican Nine-
teenth Congress district conference held at

echanicaburg to-lay Dr. James A. Dale of

ork and Oharies M. Mullen of Oumberiand
were elected national delegates to the Phila-
delphia Convention,

 

 

errr cee ened seein remeron oceania teenies eoniandesilipiaiiaa

f vaeud ale =

   

eh

 

OF MUSIC EVENTS.

NOTES

 

The twenty Afth and last of the Metropolitan Opera
House concerts will take place to-night, when Mmes.
Susanne Adams, Zatie deo Lussan and Sebumann-
Meink and MM. Scotti and Plangon will be the
soloists, The full programme is as follows:

   

SHE SHOT RUFUS WRIGHT.

THE WELI-KNOWN BICYCLE
MAKER INJURED

Shot at the Leland Hotel in Chicago hy «

   

 

   

Ting
MORTALLY,

  
   
   
  
  
 
   
  
   
 
  
   
   
   
   
 

 

Overtuse, “Wilitam Tell” +. Rosaini Mrs. Lottridge, Who Had Been Drinuing
Vale,“ PaaS by ee + Leo Stern Champagne With a Mrs. Koss Both Womeg
Prologue, “'l Pagiiacel’" dein ... Leoneavallo Under Arrest--Wright Called on Them,
Recitative and Arta. "ae Paul’. .c-Mendelasonn | CHttcaao, April 14.~Ruius Wright, Trenavrer
Mme. Schumaan-Metn atesansal of the firm of Morgan & Wright, the bicyoig

OE obligato, Mr, Nathan Franko, - tire manufacturers, waa shot thia evening ag
Mile. Zélle de Lassan, the Leland Hotel by Mra. Loretta Lottridge

Grand Air, obec Se ers tease AGs™ | and is not expected to live until daylight,
Qvervare, iL Btatie du Nord are bie Meru bee sre ae . {n pt oe side of the
ulte, “Peer Gynt” nia ee Bia ae peck, @ bullet atruck the spinal eolumn
_ ilies Zale de Lusnan and'sig” Seow, — ond then passed out of the body, The left nite
Printemps Nouveau beeen ae eeees ‘dane is entirely paralyzed, The patient is attended
Ourre tes yous ey Susanne Adams by Dr. Nicholas Senn, the former Surgeon
Bougs, General of the Volunteer army of tha United
Mme, Sehumann-Holnk, | onn | States, Dr. J.D, Hammond the honae physi.

Wedding March

 

David Bispham will give one positive novelty in bis
eoncert at Mendelasobu Hall to-morrow afternoon In
Hiehard Strauss’s accompaniment t Tennyson's
poem “Enoch Arden."’ This was composed for Ernst
Possart, the German actor, and the words are recited
to the accompaniment of the muste. It will be the last
number on the programme. The others will be “Die
Poat,” Serenade, “Hark, Hark, the Lark," Schubert;
“Von ewiger Liebe,” “Mein Maedel,” Brahms; ''Crea-
then's Hymn," Beethoven; “The Three Ravens,”
“The Bailiff's Daughter,” ''O So Sweet Is She!" "The
Pretty Creature,” old Engiish.

 

Henri Marteau has recovered from the measles and
will give his deferred concert with Alezander Lam-
bertand August Spanuth on Tuesday afternecs at
the New York College of Music.

Marie Brema's song recital in ald of the family of
Frits Plank will take place on Wednesday eveulag
at Mendelasohn Hall. Herr Plank left a widow and
eight children. Mme. Brema was associated with
Herr Plank at Bayreuth. The entire proceeds of the
concert will be sent to the late basso's family at Carls-
rube. The full programme ts as follows: ‘'Eutlaubdet
wirds in Walde,”’ 1620; "Fin Frilichs Gesang Oster-
freud genannt," sixteenth century; ‘Menuet Chante,”
Rameau, 1737; “Giatl Sole dal Gange,” Alessandro
Scarlatti, 1659-1725; "Come Lasses and Lads,” seven-
teenth century; ''Fraweniiebe und Leben,” Robert
Schumann; “Der Atlas,” Schubert; "Der Fruhling,”
Brahms; "L'Heureux Vagabond,” Alfred Bruneau;
“An den Fruhling” (first time), Natalie Curtis; ‘ Dorf-
musik" (first time), Alfred Ernst; “Der Kuckuek,”
Tschaikowsky; ‘'Demain,'’ Mande Valérie White.

Viadimir de Pachmann qi!) give his farewell recital
at Carnegie liall, He will devote himself to the
works of Chopin. The full programme ts as follows:
Prelude, Op 28, Nos. 1,3, 6,11, 18, 20, 28, 16; (b)
impromptu, Op. 36, F-sharp major; (¢) dallade, Op.
47, A-flat major; études, Op. 19, Noa &, 5,7, 0, 12;
Op. 25, Nos. 8, 4,7, 9: (b) ‘Marche Fun@bre,.” from
Op 35, B-flatminor; polonatse, Op 49, No. 1, A major;
(>) deux mazurkas; (¢) deux valses, Op. 64, No. 2;
Op. 42; A flat

 

The farewell performance of Grand Opera will be
Given at the Metropolitan Opera House on Wednes-
day evening, April 26, when al! the artists of the
company will make thetr last appearance In America
Previous to thelr departure for Europe tn the following
programme

Act 11-D Flauto Magico-With Mmes. Sembrich.
Susan Strong, Suzanne Adanis Zélle de Lussan Man-
telil, Olitaxa, Carrie Brideweil, broadfootand Emma
Bames; MM Dippel,Campauar!, Pint-Corsi,Mublmain,
Dufriebe, Vann!, Meux, Maestri and Plangon. Con-
ductor, Sig. Beriguani

Act Il—Carmen--With Mmes. Emma Calvé, Baner-
meister, Van Cauteren; MM Salignac, Meuxz, Bara,
Duftiche, Queyla and Scotti, Conductor, Sig.
Bevigoant,

Act ll Tristan und Isolde—With_Mmes_ Nordica

od Schumann-Heink; MM. Van Dyck, Bertram,
erinsie. Meux, Barsand Fd de Reaskt. Conductor,
emi) Paur.

Helen Crane will conduct her own compositions at
the orchestral concert at Mendelssohn Hall a week
from Tuosday evening.

 

Ignace Paderewski will give his last New York re
eital at Carnegie Hall on ‘Saturday afternoon, May
12, Season subscribers must call for their seats at
Schuberth's before next Wednesday, when all places
will be offered tothe public. The planist's route dur
ing May will be as follows: Toronto, 1; Buffalo, 2:
Brooklyn, 4; Washington, 4; Philadelphia, 5; North-
ampton, 7; Providence, 8, and New Haven, 10. The
last concert tn this country will be given on May 14,
in Newark.

LAST DAY OF THE OPERA,
Small Audiences at Foth the Afternoon and
Evening Performances,

The last two performances of the present sea
gon at the Metropolitan Opera House were given
yesterday, “Carmen,” which has had more
representations this year than any other opera,
was heard in the afternoon Mme Calve was,

of course the heroine of the Dizet-Merimee- Metiheo
and Halevy work. She was sted by MM,
Salignac and Scotti, who were as admirable as
usual ag Don Jose and Racamillo, Miss Suzanne
Adams sang Micaela delightfally.

In the evening “Tannhaeuser’ was the opera
and the singers were MM. Dippel, Lertram
and Planconand Mmes, Gadski- whots always
a thoroughly charming Elteabeth—-Susan Strong
and Olitzka.

Dramatic and Musical Matinee tn Ald ef the
Orthopedic Hospital.

One of the moat Interesting events of the
week, from an artistic standpoint, will be the
dramatic and muatecal matinée which wil! be
given tn the !arge ballroom of the Waldorf-
Aatorla on the afternoon of Friday, April 20, at
3 o'clock, ip aid of the New York Orthopedic
Dispensary and Hospital. The event of the
afternoon will be the presentation of “Ade.
laide,” that most interesting and little known
dramatic gem, which was translated and
adapte | from the German of Hugo Miller by
David Biapham, Mr. Biapham has consented to
im peraonate the part.of Beethvren, and he wiil
be asalsted by Miss Hilda Spong, who will play
the role of Adelaide, Ainong the other woll-
known members of the cast will be Mra,
Charlies Walcot, Mrs. Thomas Whilfen, Mra. W
Tl. Thomyson ard Perry Averill, who will fill
the rdle ofthe Musician, The programme will
be opened by Walter Damroach and his or-
cheatra, who will produce the Leonore Sym-

hony. Mme. Marie Brema and Mackengie
tordon have consented to sing soloa, and Leo
Rehulz, ‘cellist, has also tendered his services.

Ticketa for the performance may be obtained
at Tyson & Co, Fifth Avenue Hotel, and at the
principa! music etores,

 

 

 

Loving Cup Presented to Frank Sanger.

Presentations are alwaya the order of the
day at the cose of the Metropolitan's opera
season. Laat year it was Max Hirech and An-
drew Boyd who were honored in this way,
Yeaterday Frank Sanger, who is to retire from
the business administration of the house, re-
celved a loving cup from the employees, It
was presented with a speech by Maurice Grau
Aier {t had appeared through @ trap-door to
the astonishment of the recipient, if not lena of
a eurprise to the rest of the group gathere! on
the stage.

‘TWAS THE OLD MAN THEY BAW,

Not the Girl—Happening to Be a Policeman,
Ho Locked Them Up.

Patrolman Coleman of the Adams street
station, Brooklyn, arrested two young men
whom he found inthe hallway of his home at
107 Boerum place, last evening. His family
{soutoftewn, After dinner last evening he
took atripto his house to see that the doors
were all locked for the night. As he entered
the hallway he found two men there, He
askedthem what they wanted and they told
him that Mr. Coleman had sent them there to
see hia daughte

“Noton yourlife,” said the patrolman, “I'm
Coleman, and I never sent two fellows like you
to see my daughter or any other man’s
daughter" He then took the two mento tha
Adams street atation, where he preferred a
charge of burglary against thea, They eald
they were Michael Fagan, 22 years old, of 11¥
Adama street, and Wililaim Woods, 23 yeare
old, of 617 Fifth avenue. Fagan hada bunch
of false keys.

Former ‘Star’ Roporter in Bellevue.

Jobn Manning, 73 years old, of 190 East 120th
street, was taken to Bellevue Hospital yester-
day afternoon suffering from senility. He said
that he wastheson of John Dorsey Manning
and that he had been a “star” reporter at the
convention that nominated Horace Grealey for
President. Hedectared that at times he had
made from his newspaper work ae high as
$4,000 a month.

Alleged Poolroom Keeper Arrested.

Detective Shuneke of Chief Devery's staff
made acallat 101 East 125th street yesterday
afternoon and arrested Edward Driscoll on a |
charge of maintaining a poolroom. Driscoll
was taken to the Fast 126th street station and
was bailed out later by friends. The police o
oe Ress sb a sroek stasicn Sate that they ii
no now of any violation of the law at
Eaat 125th street.

SS SSS ss SS slr

Oe es al ea i PRAT ye ee Ee ee ee
‘ , 7 s ‘4 .
‘

uf ae

Lgl gs

ici ap

REE SS SSS hss

clan of the hotel, and by hisown family phy.
sician, Dr. D. K. Brower.

The shooting took place in a guest room of
the hotel. Mrs, Lottridge had been stopping
at the hotel eevera! days, She registered from
Paw-Paw Lake, Mich., but has lived in Chicago
heretofore at various hotels, She ciaime aq
acquatniance of three years standing with her
victim,

No motive !s assigned by either of them for
the shooting and at times each has averred
that it waa accidental. Mr. Wright is 68 yoarg
old and has awifeand family living at 1103
Wasbington Boulevard. He went to the
woman's apartment early In the afternoon,
where she anda companion named lida Koss
had been drinking champngne very freely,

Mrs. Koss was not in the room when the
shooting ooourred. Mrs. Lottridge rang for a
servant tosummon the house physician and
made no effort to conceal the affair. She was
placed under arrest, as was Mra. Koas, and
both are held at the Harrieon street atation. At
10 o'clock to-night Mr. Wright's physician said
he could not live through the night.

 

 

GOOD NAMES ON PAWNTICKETS.

Revelations Fellowing Sale of Relics of Henry
Hart’s Pawnshop.

feveral hundred men and Women went to
Reeber’s second-hand lumber yard at the foot
of East 107th atreet yesterday to find
out what William Reeber and his brother
George had discovered in the seventy-nine
boxes of goods they had purchased on Friday
from Henry Hart, former President of the
Third Avenue Railroad who at one time cone
ducted a pawnshop at 27 Chatham Square,
Fifty years ago Mr. Hart retired fiom
the pawnbroking business and removal
the centents of his shop to the oar
stables of the Third Avenue Rallroad at
Third avenue and Sixty-fifth street. When
the Metropolitan Company assumed contro! of
the Third Avenue road Mr. Hart was toid that
he would have to move the goods, and after
much persuasion he agreed to sell them,
They were purchased by the Reebers,

When the things were carted to the ancond.
hand lumber yard the Reebere found that they
had secured a strange collection of guns. pis-
tols, mechanics’ tools and clothing that
contained the pawnbroker’s stamp, and
most of the articles were in a fair
state of preservation. The crowd of
men and women who followe!l the
trucks tothe lumber yard waaso great that
the Reebers conclude ast to complete the

pening of the boxes on Vriday night. Yester-

lay, however, they resumed the work of find-
{og out whether or not they had purchased a
gold brick.

The only things of interest found were several
bell-shaped overcoats, two hundred coats for
women anda numberof musical instruments,
inclading some violins,

Almost overy pawnticket {n_ the heap oon-
tained the name of some New Yorker who was
well known to the pw fifty years ago. lt wae
evident that persons who pledged goods at that
time with Henry Hatt gave names that were
not their own.

William ©, Reeber, who has charge of the
articles, said inst night that he would not open
the boxesof old hooks until next Tuesday or
Wednesday. There are three cases of them.

GLAD TO WEIAOME DEWEY,

 

Democratic Notice, However, That He Take
Hie Medicine, if Necessary.

CnrreaGo, April 14.—The Bryan Democrats
havo decided to weluome Admiral Dewey into
the Democratic party and make a goodMemo-
erat out of him. Hach is the position outlined
officially In to-day's issue of the Democratie
Press Bulletin, Therein Demooratic organiza-
tion is pictured as opening wide ita arma to the
hero of Manila, but a bait string ts attached to
the welcome. It i that when Dewey comes
into the party he must become a party Demo-
erat, ready to accept the nominee of the Kansas
City Convention, whoever he may be.

“Ifthe wishes to enter the lists as a Demo-
eratio candidate for the Democratic nomina-
tion,” reads the manifesto, “the party wi!l he

roud to salute such a distinguished aspirant,

utas a good Democrat, he must bow tothe
will of majority @» expreseed on the flour of
the Nationai Convention,

“We may accept the Admiral’s declaration of
hia political faith as indicating that he is with
the Democratic party on at least an overwhelme
ing paipriey ot the issues ithastaken up.” reads
the Bulletin, which is the product of the pen of
Willis J. Abbot, “and thatin particular he is
at one with tt in hia opposition tothe reslection
of William MeKinley, Naturally, the Deino-
cratic organization is delighted at the prospect
of such a distinguished acquisition to its ranks
as that of Admiral Dawey, but of course it
expects the Admiral to play falr and to accept
the good oll Democratic doctrine of abiding by
the resultofan honest Democratic convention.”

LETTING TUNNEL

Mr. MoDonald Will Probably Announc: Some
Awards To-morrow,

The Executive Committee of the Rapid
Transit Subway Construction Company has
completed ita three weeks’ work of examining
and tabulating the bide for eub-contracts and
to-morrow John B, McDonald will annvuuce
most of the awards, It was sald yesterday
that one bidder had secures $300,000 worth of
the work and Contractor Jamas Pilkington,
who alrendy has the work of building new
newers in Canaland Bleecker streets, {4 aup-
posed to have secured additional contracts
for eimilar work further uptown,

It is posalble that there may be more delay in
awarding the contracts for that portion of tha
work on Broadway north of Sherman Square
easing the Investigation by Engineer William
3 Parsona and Contractor MeDonald to aacere
tain how wuch more tt would eost to build two
subways under the east and west road ware |
accordance with the wishes of the West En
Association instead of building one under tha
parkway perprcing to the plan, already agree tl
upon bythe Kapid Transit Commisston, upon
which the contract {a based, The extra cost
will be great, Mr. Parsons aa(d yesterday, and
he apparently thought that the figure would
be too high to make the chanxe feasible.

 

 

 

 

CONTRACTS,

 
    

 

JOTTINGS ABOUT TOWN.

 

The gross funded debt of the city on March | waa
364,506,066, and the net funded debt $254,287,444
The temporary debt la $2,360,600.

Judgments of absolute divorce were granted yester-

day by Justice Fitzgerald to Annie Beliman from 01
Beliman, © Wiliam Mf. Reynolds from Frances M.

Reynolds and w Harris Simanowitz from Sophie
Simanowlt,

 

Branch Offices of “THE SUN.”

Advertieementa and Subsec:iptions may be left at
ese offices, where the retes will be the same
as those charged at the main office.

NEW YORK CITY,
1266 Broadway,
liv West 125th 34

LONG ISLAND CITY, N. Y.,
21 Borden Av,, BN. Dotson,

BOSTON, MASS.,
285 Washington St., T. P. Harrison.

NEWARK, N. J.,
704 Broad Ot, F. ¥, Sommer.

CHICAGO, ILL,
30R Stock Exchange Batlding, 0, J. Billecs

COLORADO SPRINGS, COLO.,
Hagerman Block, T. &. Thorac