)

——

 

EN eCre
PEACE AT THE CONVENTION,

E IDV ANCE,
Contestants Wont Get Seate—West-
r bight Adjusted-Party Candidates
forthe Bureag of Elections Senator Cogge-
hall's Reward for Killing the Horton Law,

tor Platt had conferences with hie Re-

gett

cheste

 
 

at ourredat the Senator's downtown

yo andothers in his apartments atthe Fifth
i? Hotel), Heis to remain in town until
after the Kepubiiean State Convention ad-
i ins on Tuesday night, Many important
matters were Hacussed with the general result
tint pace is of the nature of @ conquest;

both parties nobly are subdued,
Yr Party loser

} rhe jaat few days tt has been apparent
thot the vontost in the Third district of Reps-
eer was to be the vexed question (to
be settled by the Committee on Con-
tested = Seats in the Btate Convenes
ton Postunester Josoph A. Leggett of
troy, formerly @ sturdy follower of ex-Gov,
Ira S Pack, but made recently an ad-
he the Platt people, electgd his dele-
gites to the State Convention in the First
ants i \apembly districts of the county
J the Third) district thera was a fine old
chindy. The Lowgett mea, numbering 13
( of 62, bolted the eouvention and
set up shop for themselves, If the Leggett
nen bad won in the Third district the Hon,

Lows F. Payu, formerly superintendent of In-
an! for forty years the political and
perso vend of Senator Platt, would have
heen deposed as atmember of the Republican
staie Committee for tne Nineteenth Congress
district Which ia made up of the counties of

eran

 

A

Columbsn aud Lenswelaer, At the same time
ex-iov. Black would have been shunted into
I a ivion. ‘The Leagett men are to

eiegates from the Third district to the
nvention, Soare the Back nen,

» Leggett men from this district, might ae
wel save cartare, Thev are not to be seatod
Inthe convention. The Black men are to be
reoogniged as the rightlady e@ voted delegates,
fon was reached after Senator Piatt
wer the flght in the district with

Tisdees

id mone alas
Chairman Odell of the Republican State Com.
mitter, and others '
The fracas nthe Seeond distriet of Weat-

chester has adiso been settled he
ofoxelepresentative Wiliam L. Ward ia the
x-senatord, leving Burns

yur deleyates each in the State
Meo Ward aod William H. Ten
the delegates to the Nathonal
mothe Sixteenth Congress
ade up ot Westchester

and Mr. Ton ky

t i those
have
vent

kare to be

 

h 1s
“w York
»pepresent
Rtite Committee that after yesterdays
sions the work of the committee on con
I seats, if such a committee Is apheinted
worary Chairman kisberg, will be en-
rhunetory
iy wastaken up In framing the
wrod by the convention, It
, 8 a resustot the ciscus-
: that the

indorse
hy

CK

  
  
 

a

President
the
Natioval Convention, will eulogize
ona Adgyinistration and stand soli lily
twreat doctrine of expansion, gad finally

y

heartil
r nuination

1
lee

 

 

 

wil ardently praise Gov. Rousevelt’s adminiae
trtonotl State attairs, The convention will
D vrditschoo eas to Viee-Presidential or

( eonibornad Nidates:
senator Patt and President Quigg of tha
\ Jork Repubiican County Committee spent
Au dtwrvof the late afternoon together, Jt
wis mace known o.terward that President
Wide is not to retire as head of the County
Comm tt ati or the Republican Natioual
Convention is held at Philadelphia on June
1th Mr Quige is a delegate to the Na-
al « Genventfon from the fourteenth

 

Congress djatri¢g and he is to be el
fuesdev to represent the distviet on the State
Committee, President Quigg has not changed
lotermonation to retire as President

the County Committee and he to
res beiore the State and National came
pat are under way It) was further
state | vesaterday that the Republican County
tommittee ia not quite ready to take up the
consideration President QGuiga'’s suceessor
and senator Platt must have a little more time
to goover the mutter thoroughly, Various

ns have been aibmitted to Senator Platt,
neid tow

hia 4
Is

 

gt
na

  

   

ns

e man of ¢
Demoeratir

tl Nayor,

i AVeure

avy

 

   

 

\
\ ali peaquire t
vis generaily Understood by Republ

yesterday tha avor Van Wyek is to sign the
Burean of Fleetions bill, whieb ealle for the
pentment of a b)-partisan board of four
I hers tor Greater New York, the eounty
‘ho organization, Republican
‘o name the mento
The places are worth
whfor sx years, It was also
understood oy Kepublicans that
apt QWunmer of the New York Connty
vee is to pale ox-l lice Commissioner
Ha vilion to the Mayor as the
erganivaton's first echolce for the
Bureau of biestions. The organization has
awWiys boleved that Mr. Hamilton was un
yremovod asa Police Commissioner
Van Wyek the Mayor, on the
ther hand, has always insisted that he had
! ther eourse to take, and it) Was not
teoeret yesterday that hea would appoint
Mr Hamilton ta the Bureau of Elections,
Wavor Van Wyek refuses to ape
ot Mr. Hamiiton to the Republican county
Oreanicaton will then put ap as its candidate
Wojam Ho ‘fen Pyek, now an Aqueduet Com-
miesonernat goa year for life. Naturally,
Ten bvek does not wish to vacate
we $5,000 a year fora nines at OU
for six years Yet, if he i< requested
Mr. Ten Lyek will undoubtediy
In the event of Mr. Ten
sutment, the organization will
Mayor Van Wyek John Sabine
kel verv much
vek signs the bill, Mr. Smith

Witter B Atterbury tor the
‘“anorganization is to nume

Mr

    
 

af
Ww
ober ord

‘ho

 

rie
en name to
smith. dr le

appraisers to be named by the
( \ organization under the
» tax bil also came in for
Wo The discussion over the ean.
ae plive cited an
re attecdant upon the
Horton boxing law at Albany. The
ve fo he appointed by. the
of the State, and the life of the
vtherermof tha Comptroller, The
St v year, Tho names advancek
‘herublican organizatton of New Yord
lay were Cvarence K. Lexow,
rt Miaaear ex-senator Charles D,
Ciward oH. Healey and Harry
son of Senator, Henry J.
Onelda Durin all
naoverthe repeal ofthe Horton
there was apprehension as to
r Coggeshali’s vote could be
was absolutely necessary to
te to repeal the Jaw. Sen-
Dry. Dollar Sullivan of New
Senator Coggeshall have
close friends Senator
ently opposed tothe repeal of
aw.anduptothe last moment he
ithe vote of Senator Coggeshall
\ n defeating repeal. When Sen-
zeesha'l gave the neeassary vota to re-
wy senator Sullivan almost collapsed,
it understand how his old triend
had gone back on him, He said he

 

 

a 6

repeal

100)

 

   

' imothy
1Ork {ty ind
A WAYS heen

WAs \

‘ounted iy

   
  

rrititude. [t pow anpears that Sena-
lal knew exactly what ho was about
Prine Tt mattered not to him that the
the Horton law was a Republican
He had his eve to windward, Itis
to name Coggeshall’s son Harry
raisorsatS4.000q sear, In scme

init r twaaea'd, it may be neces.
' lements at hand forthe pur-

hing a good result,

mt

m ‘ mus

"TOORDS OF HARVARD LIFE,

Librarian hane Wants Photogfaphs to Add to

‘Ds Sealed Autoblographies
Mass, April 14

Lane, the Lil

Some time ago
arian of Harvard
by asking for the
iversity professors,
[hese were to be stored
ry, When they were to
‘Today Mr. Lane sug-
f having the Ilves
desire in the fol
iy Crimson

caused surprise
»oftheu

nt

teent

hi
the D
~ of Harvard life written during
rely by professors and students
Gaily to the§ college library, to
ened tor the benefit of our

ears hence fel should be glad

\ (Urusyiven by a. gpooda

wiow ier of photog raphe

j ent app erance of the college
¢ ings college rooms, col
fe ounen, @s well as any

current life and t of

tr Vhetographs may be of

rio'y notlarger than 7x9 Inches
YUM printsan order & in

the members of the camera

wd to contmbute pictures they
ake newatives of a number of

tors whieh are sure to change

nh

ay “eoooperation of others also who
ewatives that would be of
the course of the present
e ve fhe eXpetise of the print
this would {provided In all cases: where
tributor fa) inten on the individual eon-
bald consuly Uld be obliged, however, if men
“wt ine about this in advance,
WiLLiAM ©. LANE, Librarian.”

 

—S

 

puBLICAN CONTESTS SETTLED IN |

ends all day yesterday, Some of |

followers |

the district on the |

convene |

a a a a

BIG BLOW-OUT AT

Jeffersonian Celebration at Tammany Head-
quarters in Fifth Avenue—Croker Cables.

The Democratic Club's Jeffersonian celobra- |

tion last evening attracted so many members

   

 

\
|

to the house that one member remarked that |

“one would think the old man was home.” The
first floor had been thrown into one room, anda
raised platform was set up, from which Sena-
tor Mackey of Buffalo, an aspirant for the
Democratic nomination for Governor, Presi-
dent Koiler of the club and Senator Grady
made apeeches, Ex-Gov James PF. Campbell
of Ohio, who was expected to speak, sent re-
greta at the lost moment. John F. Carroll
and Mayor Van Wyck were not present.

Mr. Keller ea!led the clubmen to order and
told those present that at no time since the
Declaration of Lndepeudence was written hat
there been more urgent necessity for the
people to keep the teaching of JetTerson before
their eyes, He fntroduced Serator Mackey,
who, after telling how honored he felt at
addressing 80 |mportant an organization as the
Democratic Club, said that the voters were
now to choose betweeo an aristocracy and
strong government and a Democrary with
government by the people.

The Senator declared that in Statoand nation
the Republicans were tending toward imper-
alism, using the strength of the nation to

|
\
|

 

THE cLUB. | HELD Up BY A WOMAN.

 

QUEER PRELIMINARY TO CADMUS'S
WANDERINGS,

First Me Met Her in Paterson With a Man,
Then Alone- As She Spoke to Him Some
One Felled Hin From Behind-Jealousy of
Another Woman Evidently the Cause,

Pavenson, N. J, April 14.-Pdward H, Cad-
mus, the young man who was found ina pa tly
dazed eoudition in New Palz, N. Y., yesterday,
has not auflelently recovered yet to tell exactly
how he got there from thia eity, Cadmus’s
running away from home, where he was
being eared for by his faintly, has revived the

' talk about his queer experiance on the night

crush a people who were fighting (or the sane |

principles for whieh the Amerteaus fought in
the. Revolution, The Republican party, he
said, was the party of imperialism, miiterisn
and monopoly, anit he warned the voters that
their rights and liberties were being under-
mined Sy an administration for the favored
few. Mr. Mackey said that whatever the plat-
form of the Democratic party adopted at the
Konaas City Convention all should gow to tha
will of the majority, and that the Ernpire stare
shou.d bein the van contributing the sinews
of war tothe party.

Mr. Grady was introduced as “the soriena
vy ¢,

 

orator of our own organization’
Keller. Mr. Grady said that the voters were
tired of legislatures at) Washingten and

Albany which bud no other purpose than to
further theambitions of the Fxreeurive. He
also said that inuependent legislatures were
wanted und that there were no sugar and
tobveco trasts to revise the Deelarat on of In-
dependen e. The Senator seid that the theory
ofthe Government was that the citizen was
the sovereign,

“The ciitzen intheory is sovereign to-day
said Senator Graty. “Bul at the outeer of the
strumg!e he is stuggerei by the aggregated
power of millions.”

“Lwish Thad
member 4

Senator Grady anid that the eitizens were
helplessin a fgnt against trosts, Then ha ma te
bis usual senuneiatory speech against elvil
service reform, the real atm of which, he d
elaured, wus to pace the Government offices

the millions,” said a club

 

a.

in

 

of April 3, whieh led to his praesent condition,
On that night Cadmus went with his friend,

THE SUN, SUNDAY,

Arthur Holbrook, at Holbrook’s invitation, to |

ea! lou Mias Laura Mossenger, a young woman
to whom Holbrook bad paid much attention,
Cadmus |ote Holbrook at Mise Messenger’s
house and siarted home at about 10 o'clock
When about balf way home he met a man and
a woman who eyed him narrowly. besaid after-
ward, He crossed Park avenue at Twenty-
seventh street and was walking around the

vloek for some reason when he metthe woman |

he had seen before with the man, She wre
alone this time. She asked hin what time it

jwWwasend white he was taking out his watch
he was strock down from behind, He was
| partiystunned, buthe felt the woman and 4

the hands of those to whom the sa.aries were
noobject, He denounced elvil service reform
as “the fonlest polities! heresy of the age” |

and Connaeiior Nolan nodded approving!ty.

Mr. heller made a pro-Boer speech, saying
that if JeYerson were President the Federal
Govermanent would not be #0 supinely sub-
servient to Britain that ft would not dare ty
aidthe Boors. Tha mostenthusiastic applause

of the evening was caused when Mr. holier
reat this calle message
Congratulations to all members of elub

Tl} thom to Keep allve interest in principles of
fourder of Democratic party, Thomas Jefier-
Bon, HicHakD UkOKER

BENEDICT OF THE SHANTY DEAD.

Was Once a Jeweller at the Fifth Avenue
Hotef— Fell Into Poverty.

Ovington C. Benedict, 70 years old, a brother
of the members of the firm of Benedict Broth-
ors, Jewellers, 171 Broodway, died yesterday
afternoon in Hudson street) hospital, br
Donlin, who made an autopsy, gave aa the
canse of death, coma following apoplexy He

| heen Jone up by the lame woman.”

man who bad joined her taking fis cull bur |

tons and hissearfpin There was to explana.
thon of the attack exeept robbery until the
things that bad beeo taken from the youn
mah were found near the piaco Where he ha
been usshulted

It wus learned to-day thet Arthur Holbrook
and Mise Messenger had been much annoyed
forsometime tefore April L by some anony-
Mous person who was apparently jealous of
Ho!brook’s attentions to Miss Messenger.
Justafew days before the nasnult g false notice,
announcing the marriage oO the two,
hed teen sent to a Paterson newspaper,
prepaid, and had been pulishet. Holbrook
Webt to the newspaper and obtained the
written copy of fhe wedding notice. [twas tt
no pecutiar handwriting It was remarked t! at
aletrer witch had becn sentto Miss Messenver

 
      

   

| Th

wicow duye belore threatening Hoobrook with |
sudden death if she did not break off (heir aoe
Quatntance was written , the same hand
writing eduy af became known that
ou the day «efter the @ssauit on youn |
Cadmus he and Holbrook ond Miss Mes-
sencer all reccived ‘letters in the sine
hundwrittng as that of the false marriage

notice wand appareotiy mailed late the night be-
fore, The letter of Cadinus said that Tow rook
had been “Axed” the night before and that he
would be served woree if he did hotgeive M

Messenger up, The note to Hol kosatd

bis maltreatment the night
eaused by his persistent devotion to iiss
senger, and that if he dt not leave ber wone
he would ve hurt worse thy pexttime The?
to Mise Messenger told hor that “Holbrook had
From ail
this it has heen surmised that the persons who
held up Cadroue did so in the belie?! that. they
were asaauiting Holbrook and not Cadoius
From some things sald by Cadmustn hia de-

ies

 

Me.

tee

bread Byverrn |

liriim it is believed that ha really thought the |

person he deseribed in bis sanar Moments 4$ a
woman Was a can in disguise.

? NICKELS IN THE PLATES

23
When the Collection for Foreign Missions
Was Taken at St. Agnes's Chapel,

At last Friday afternoon's servies in St. Ag-
nes's Chapel off Trinity parish, Columbus
| avenue aud Ninety-second street, the Nev.

}

‘
|

said, however, that failure to assimilate food |
| olfortnage had baen made, and that the congre-

was probably the primary cause of death,
Ovington C. Benedict was formerly a mem-
ber of tho jewelry firm, About twenty-five

| years ago he left it, starting in a business for

himse fundertho Fifth Avenue Hotel. Twenty-
two years ago he (ailed for $212.000.) Latery
he had lived ina little shanty at P24 Hodson
street. This Wasa one-story siructure three feet
wide by l6 feet ong, The front part was filled

' gat

| the contributions Were counted

Charlea T. Olmated, the curate, told the con-
gregation that he hoped the chapel would not
be a barren fle tres, but that the offerings on
the previous Sunday, when the annual contri-
bution for toreign missions was taken, were
very unsatisfactory, Mr, Olmsted said that
the aeual announcement of the purpose of the

non Sunday morping must have
bered at Jeast itve huadred persons

hum-
Whan

‘hot there were 225 nickels in the alnis basing,

' good «

with old clocks and rubbish that were worth |

In thea rear was a sinall Cook
eot, An old woman with White
een, tol Policeman Falkou bury
yesterday afvernvon that sbe had lived in the
shanty with Denedict for the past thirteen
years, cooking his meals tor him

Shortly betore Bo'olock yesterday afternoon

htte money
stove and
hair, Apnie

  
    

Benedict staggered {nto the shoe store of Mex |

Senwartz, next door to hia sianty

“Come here’ beeried. “Lam very
I fear that I going to die. I
hungry.”

sehwartz got him some coffee and biscuit,
but Benedict waa too weak to eat it. Sehwartz
then took him to the drag store of J. M. Peter-
gon, at 1) Franklin street, who had been a
friend of Benedict DPetersou
some medicine, and then tried induce
Benedict to eat something, but Benedict was

am am very

'
to

 

‘ notable to do so, Peterson ealled an ambu-
lance and Benedict was taken to the hospital,
where he died at 3:45 o'vlock

| Leonard street station

The body was removed last night. to the
Frederick PL Benediet

of Montelair, N.J., a brother of the dead man,

| called at the atation last night and said thar he

wilifa |

last night as if, |

inter- |

weep bittertears over Coggeshall’s \

and Read Benedict would call for the body this
morning at 10:39 o’elock and see that it re-
ceived a decent burial

MORE MONEY

Roard of Estimate May Appropriate $300,000
New Subscriptions,

 

Gov. Roosevelt has signed the bill permitting
the Board of Estimate to appropriate $500,000
for the further development of the Zoological
Garden in Bronx Park. Uhis law ta in line with
similar legisiation for the benefit of the Botanical
Gerdens and the American Museum of Natural
History. ‘The appropriation is conditioned upon
the New York Zoological Society raising and
expending 8200000. The society has already
raised and expended $175,000, and is now actively
engaged in raising the other 82,000, Ata meet
ing of the hoard of Managers of the society a4
few days ago, the following new subserptions
were anriounced:, te amounts being in addidon
to previous subscripiions to the fund from the
rame gentlemen Charles. T. Barney, $1,500
George ©. Clark, $1,000; John FE. Cadwalader
81,000, and John S, Barnes, $1,000

FOR THE BRONX ZOO. |

weak and |

adoiinistered |

; day

 

‘The $300,000 wil) be expended for the turther |

development of the roads and walks, and
completing of the approaches from the north into
Baird Court, whieh will ultimately be the main
carriage entrance to the Garden ‘The area oi
the Garden is so great that the roads and paths
foot up several miles in length, and form one of
the chief items of expense in the development.

WENT WITH THE FEATHERS,

It Was Hidden in the Mattresses Which Fire-
men Threw Out the Window,

While Henry Habermann, who ts the only
Christian living In the tenement at 332 and
334 Houston street, was at church with his fam-
fly jast night his home was burned out. The

CASH

! » neighbors broke into the rooms |
firemen and the neighbors bro : : | of docter of phiosophy from the philosophical

and threw al! his household goods that they
could Jay banda on out of the windows, Among
other things that were thrown Out were two
jarge feather beds, that were ripped in the
throwing. The street looked as though it
had been the center of a violent snow-
storm. When the Habermanns came home
there was a great lamentation. Habermann
explained to the policeman on guard that he
had hidden $100 in emai bilis in those mat-
tresses. He asked the pollee to hold back tha
neighbors while he and his family formed In
ine across ‘he street and waded throug! the
feathers looking for mreenbacks. They did not
find any of them up to midnight, but they
were still persevering in the search

SUES A GRAND JURY,

OMceholder in St, Louls Wants $100,000
Damages for Criticisms on Him,

Sr. Lovis, Mo, April 14.--Fred ©
Supply Commissoner, has filed suit in the Cir-
eult Court for 850,000 actual and 860,000 punitive
damages against the members of the February
Grand Jury The plaintt! alleges, among other
thinws, that the defendants maliciously combined

Meier,

| against him to injure and defame hie reputation

and bring his name into disrepute as a public

otfieer and to malign and blacken bis reputation
as a law-abiding citizen Meier also charges

i that the defendants published statements that
| he had recklessly squandered the money of the

ty in paying exorbitant prices to & favored few
for needed supplies; that nis business methods

| were las and be had been guilty of wanton fraud

oo

For these and other charges the plainull asks
damages to the extent of $100,000

Marder Trial Followed by a Divorce Suit.

the |

nodhe thought that the showing was not a
ne when the pumber and prosperous
aurpearanee of the worshippers were taken into

Coli le rat

  

DISEAS

FAITH CURE OF BRIGHT'S
Mr. Osgood's Death Without Medical Attend-
ance Leads to a Coroner's Inqairy.

Inadequate filing out of the death certificate
of Dean J. Osgood of & West Ninety-third
street caused an investigation of the manner

"IN PERIL ON A CAR ROOF,

of his death, which resulted in bringing to !

light the fact that Mr, Os@ool waa not treated
by a regular physie.an, but was, up to the time
o his death, under the care of Ciristian Bel.
ence, The death certificate whieh was handed
in tothe Heaith Board waasigned by Dr Henry
Baker of 272 West Thirty-ninth stroet, an old
frivndof the dead man, and it gave

 

asthe |

couse of death Bright's disease, but fatled to \

state that the patient was atiended by a physi-
clan within twenty-four hours before his death
Wheu this was noticed tho matter was referred
io the Coroner's offlve for investigation, and @
thorough Investigation Into (he tucts was made
before a burial permit wasitssued, The fu-
neral was held from the house yesterday
morning

Mr. Osgood was 47 years old and hai mada
money in the soap bis.uess,
ogo a frlead who was inuch jterested in Chris-
thin Science persuaded him to try that treat-
raeot for @ nervous ailment, and Mr. Osgood
found it eMeacious.

fon believer io Christian Sei sce and has been
tonember of the West Side Chuceh of Clirist tia

\bout two years |
| dropped on the roof of @ mall ear.

Since then he has been a}
that the height of thia tunnel wos little greater

Weat iabty-secoud street \bout six weeks
deo be beeame ii, aod alter treatiient by the |
Ciristian Seenee healers proved unavailing

hecatlet da a regular piyssuan, who tod hin
that he had Bright's dise ud could not tes
cover, The Christian. Selentists asaured
him, on the other hand, that thera was no
such thing as Bright’s disease aud that with
proper treatment be would remove from his

  
 

 

mind the fallacy of believing that: there
wis, So, a4 there was hope on one side
and no hepe on the oiher, he returned tu

Christian bcienee, A tew weeks ago Dr, Baker
met hin and even theo saw that he was a very
stek map. After his ease was pronounged
hopeless po regular physician was in atteud-
anee upon him, but the “hears” were almost
constantly with bin. Notwithsran ting thie, he
diew raplily worse andon Thursday be died,
en Dr. baker Was called in to inake eut the
eveile oath, which he was able to do,

ohe nad knewn that hiefriend was suffering
from Beight s disease At the tine he advised
Mos Oeorood that ahe would do weil to notify

ite of

thie Coroner

Depury Coroner Waston investigated the ease
vod reported that Mr, Oswood died not trom
Christian Selenve® treatment, Gut without any
troeativent ata, preetica speaking, Ut ia not
likely that the investigation will be continued,
as there ie practically wothing (or the authori
Ges todo. Mer Osgoo! hud a rygit to dispense
with medics! treatment if ho so chose, and
there js no suspicion that he was nor perfeety
ration and of sound udgment upto within

  

   

ghost (iae of his death. Caro rion, wae is
on of the leaders of the Chrotign s@enve et
inthis city, was atthe Osgood louse yester-
dav, He said that le, Osgoot, that bad lies
choice of aethods aud was perfectly willing ty
triuat hts ease to Christian Science, having

seen so many instances of the eficucy of the

mt)

nee his death. sald Mr. Norton, “another

phyaicien and friend of Mr. Osgood'’s family

ids stated that his case was one of Bright's
that the Chriatiuo

uefoubtedly lessened

Syst

 

 

ineurab'e
had

and
treatinenot

“0

} the suffering ina very macked Jegree, and
that in tweaty-five years’ practice to euch
utralization of symptoms attendant upon

hip disorder tad passed unde the physieiag’s
atiention.” Mr. Norton deelfned to give tha |
taosorthe healers who had treated Mr. Os-
wood This information was nor to be
bad atthe Osgood house, either It is said that

| widow
it Was found |

Large Increase

Mr O'mared added that no one understand |

better than he that a half-dime contribution
might tiean to mauy persons a great amount
of self-denial, and that he did not judge the
value of a contribution by its siza, but that at
the same time he te't that the proportion of
nickels was pretty large

rho attendants at’? Agnesara residents of
the upper West Side
Ninety-second street and Columbus avenue
}he chapel maintains aschool and a elub for
the benefit of the young people of the parish

CATHOLIC EDUCATORS TO MEET,

They Will Constder Ways of Meeting Com-
petition of Non-Catholic Colleges,

In Catholic educational circles in this eity
there is great interest {na conference of Cath-
olia colleges to be held in Chicago next Wedneas
and = Thursday, Representatives of
New Yor colleges will attend the conference,
whieh will be presided over by Mgr. Thomas J
Conaty, rector ot the University at Washing-
ton, One object of the conference is the bring-
ing together of the different teaching: orders
forthe interch nge ol views und the formu.
lution of plans that will be beneficial to the
system of Catholic higher education,

It has been tougd that a very large number
of Catholio young men seem to prefer Yale,
farverd and other nop-Cathoetic colleges to
Cathoile institutions, and the Catholic educa-
tional authorities are striving to overcome this
tendency

MANGLED BY TARDY EXPLOSION,

three Italian Road Makers Frightfully Injured
by a Dynamite Charge.

Rye, Apri! 14.—While engaged to-day in
videning a road whieh leads tothe American
Yacht Club at Milton Point, three Italian
jaborers were burt by the explosion of a
charge of dynamite, They inserted the ex.
plosive in ahole whieh had been drilledin a
jedge of rock, and after lighting the fuse ran
away, When it did not expiode after the usual
tims they went back and started to in-
rert another fuse, While they were workin
the dynamiteexploded, Franeciseo Donato nad
his right arm torn of atthe # culder and lost
his left hand. Antonio Sapirito was padiy
burned and ost both of hiaeyes.  Eifs brother
tiso waa eeverely injured
taken to the Ladies’ Hospital in Port Chester,

WOMAN'S DEAN

AT OBERLIN,

Dr. Alice H, Lace of Wellesley College Miected
to the Place.

OnERLIN, Ohio, April 14.—At a special meet-
ing of the Oberlin College trustees to-day to
elect a dean of the woman's department, Dr
\licew Ho Luce, at present instructor of Luglish

in Wellesley College, was chosen. She isa
gaduato of Wellesley and studied for
two yeara in Laipsie and one year at

lividelberg, Germany, receiving the degres

iaculty at the iatter institution. This honor

‘had never been bestowed upom an American

}

; gri

\
|
}

woman before, For eight years she taught
Fogiish and matheinatics in the Girls’ Latin
sehoolof Boston, Later she taught a year in
Soith College and resigned to accent her pres-
ont place a8 instructor in English literature in
Wellesley College

Burglars Take Bridal Presents,

Evizabetu, N.J., April 14.—Three burglars
broke into the residence of Frederick Davis,
134 West Grand street, 9:30 o'clock to-night
and carried off a trunk full of solid silverware,
all bridal gifts valued at $1,000, Ali the silver
consisting of spoons, jadies, tureena, flsh-
kniver, tor ¥ and fruit dishes, bore the mono.

1U, b. D

Tie robbers then entered the heuse of
George Thoneon opposite and ransacked tt,
leaving uli the silverware and taking a gold
chain with square links anu cameo locket val-

| ued at $100,

| Goff Whipped by Wanrahan in Forty-five

|
|
|
|
|

Seconds,

A right-hand swing on the jaw scored a
quick victory for Bill Hanrahan of the New
West Side A. C., at the Greenwood A. C. last
night. Hanrahan’s opponent was Charley
Gol, Billy Madden's middleweight. The pair

Twe re scheduled to meet for twenty-five rounds

{

Frederick G. Anderson has begun an action |

in the Supreme Court {a Brookiyn

against |

Teokla Anderson for an absolute divorce, The |
! eorespondents mentioned are Harry Costeilo,

George Morro and a tuan named Whalen, The
couple were ruarried ta 1508 Laer
Costello ane

é summer |
1 Morro had a fight on Court street, |

at Catehweighls. Hanrahan is a etreng fellow
and has the reputation of belag abla tu knock
@inun out with either glove

croft, however, Was made the favorite at 2 to
1. Alter forty-ve seconds of flgiting Hanra-
han crossed Goff on the jaw aod put him
down, Goffarose in adazed way, and just as
Hanrahan was ready to Anish him big Gua
hhuhlin jumped into the ring and carried Goff
bodily to his chair. Of course this lost the
Nehtior Goff

There were two preliminary bouts, The first
wus between Tony Lewis of New York and
Tommy Feltz of Brookiyn, at 112 pounds tor
ten rounds, Im the fourth roun! Lewis's aec-
onds threw up the sponge and Feltz got the
verdict. The second bout brought together

during which Costello shot and killed Morro, | Jimmy Barnett and “Bluff” ‘travers, both of

At Costello's trial, whieh resulted inp an
acquittal, the District Attorney said that the
fight was due to Mrs. Anderson,

|

Hrooklyn. ‘ihe weight was 122 pounds, They
fought from the gong and Barnett knocked his
rival out ip the siath round with pody blows,

nu the neighborhood of ,

ithe small towns of tle Weet than tue

it is avainet the rulosof the “healers” to let
their nawes be Known in connection with any
Of theie vases. Pheir method of healng is
nierely to repeat foroiule tending to impress
the sick man with the idea that tbere is no
such thing a8 iilpeas; that ttle alla celusion
snd that when the mind ie brought into a

operatt tule the supposed trouble will dis-
poear Tn this way they profees to eradicate
ai] aorta of apperen} physical ie, from geueral
paralysis to dandrud ia the heir, Mr, Osgood s
Heerd! wae heid atthe house with the rites of
the Christian teeuee Church and the inter.
inent was in Woodlawn Cemetery, He leaves a
There are no children,

NEW ENGLAND'S POPULATION,
in the Number of Foreign
Born inhabitants,

By the Federal censtis of 1880 there were, ap-
proximately, €00,000 toyeign born residents of
New Bugland, by the Federal census of 1800, the
number of such foreign born residents was in
creased to 1,100,000, of whom more than
were residents of the State of Massachusetts. There
were by the last census 200,000 Canadians, chielly
French Canadians, in Massachusetts, and 50,000
in Maine There were 260,000 Irish born inhab-
ilanis in Massachusetts and 60,000 in Connecticut
There were 24,000 German inhabitants of Connec-
ticut and an equal number in Massachusetts,
aid there were 3,000 Portuguese inhabiiants in
\iassachusseits, and nearly 1,000, relatively

a larger number, in Rhode Island.

From present indicatfonus the June census will
re\urn the forego born population of the six
vew England States a@ 1.760.000, and in view
Pthe fact that tie increase of the totad popwlation
of these Siates is comparatively small and that

one hii

    

Vermont and New tlampshire have for many
yoars bee stauionary, it may seem surprise
toat toe doregn popula n should be increasing
so rapidly, The es; anation of the apparent

paradox ig to be found witout much searching,
and is the wholesale abaudoument as no longer
productive of much New England farming land.
In some respects the New England fermer 1
tavored beyond his Western brother whose crops
are apt to fail for lack of rainfe'l or on whose land

 
 

 

 

} rece: fifty

} third bout

coustant imgction ds nece wary, and, moreover
there is no otver marnet for te product of the soil |
gx {aga New Exgiland villawe unless it be !
in New York or immedintea vieinity Notwith
standing these advantiges meoy young nen
reared in New Eagland Gnd beter opportumiy

for their ambidlon in the West and especially in
ag wanu
facturing efties of New England seem tooffer,
and there is, in consequence. o steady flow of
population from the New England States to those
furtler west. including New York, Ohio, lilinois,
and tue States beyond the Mississippi River

On the otuer hand for many Years there lias heen
a very large influs of French Canadians and Irish
farmers into New Exgland and recently in the re
vival of immigration from minor European eoun
tries there has been « considerable addition to the

 

| New England population through newcomers
from Poriugal There is direvt steamship
communication between t).@ United States and

The victins were |

Portugal, and a ship arriving recently from Lis
bon lauded here 556) Portuguese imuigranic
the largest number, it is said, ever brought here
Inone ship They were all bound tor Masa
its, 19 become farmers, fishermen and mill
hai and had been preceded by several other
detachments of Portuguese immigrants. ‘They
are to be followed by others from Lisbon and
Oporto. Sine the days of whalers and of ex
tensive American Haheries, commercial relations
between Portugal and the three New England
States -Malue, Massachusetts and Rhode Island
have been intimate, andin several of the New
England arene ports there are sill colonies «f
Portuguese n their own country they are farm
ers and porsess
and contentment which
neweomers in’ New England, replacing more
rogreswive inhabitants who bave gone West
Phere is little addition to the populauon of New
England from otver States of this country

THE PRESIDENT.

 

els

 

make the desirahl

10 INVITE

| Delegation of Basiness Men of ¢harlotte, N,

c,, Wants Mr, VWckinley to Visit There.

Cuar.totTte, N. C.. April 14-Tho Charlotte
Chamber of Commerce has selected twenty of
the leading business men of the town to call on
Preaident McKinley about next Thureday and

extend to him a formal invitation to attend the
| Twentieth of May celebration here, Tho
| termal invitation will be presented to the

President printed on a plece of cotton ecioth,
{nelosed in a basket made of eottan duck
atiffened to wooden hardiness. Tho delegation
is composed largely of cotton mill men, who
are tn fuileympathy with the Administration
and a sevre or more of whom voted for
MeKintey. The people of the town and sur-
rovoding country are very anxious for the
Vresident tg come, Senator Pritchard will
accompany the party to talk with the Vresidenc,

Good Bouts in the National's Ring.

Rome of the best fighting witnessed in
Brooklyn this season occurred Jast night at
the clubhouse of the National A. C. Kid Hogan
of Brooklyn and Jack Lennert of New York,
the former being substituted for W..) Becker

of Brooklyn, met luthe opening fight for ten
rounde at 116 poynds It was agive and take
battle and wascalied adraw

In the second “go” Maxey Haugh of Brook-
Ivn croweed armas with Ph | Dwyer of New York
for fifteen roundaatilspounde, This waatha
tight of the night. Haugh walled into his p-
jOnent at the gong tap tosoorea kuoekour,
but Dwyer was wiiing, and the crowd wir-
nessed atight ofthe most lively give aud take
character {rom thar out tethe end, Both men
were seeminog'y Out when the last round ended
and the referew called ita Araw,

You yod! of ot New York and Jack Ash-
ton ot Ph a alt ja metin the next bout for
sn rounds at 115 pounds, The verdict wae a
draw.

For downright slua@ing the last bout was
pronouneed “all right.” "Chip" Morrison of
Cineinnatt and Jack Ryan of Brooklyn, the
iatter aking the place of Jack Donoghue of
Philadelphia, met. Kyan went right at his
man with both hands and put “Chip” away in
b misute and 80 seconds with a right over the

ear '

 

a

 

RIDE OF TWO BOYS THROUGH THE
GRAND CENTRAL TUNNEL.

 

The Vrain Teok the Old Tunnel, Which Is so
Low That the Root of the Car on Which
the Boys Lay Was Only About Ten Inches
Uelow the Root of the Tunnel,

Yonnens, N. Y., April 14.—Having expended |
al the money In their possession in @ week |
spent in sight-seeing in: Now York, George

Huxon, aged 14, and John Corkey, aged 17,

both residents of Last Cambridge, Mass, de-

termined last night to steal a ride home ona

New Haven train, The boys had loltered

about the foot bridge at Forty-elghth street

that apans the Grand Central train yards and
the idea suggested itself to them to dropon
the roof of a car of the Boston midnight ex-
press as it was passing under them

As the Montiea! express steamed out of the |
station at 12.02 o'clock at a lively gait, the
youtha mistook itfor the Boston train, They
vaulted over the railing of tha bridge and

‘They had

just seated themselves when the train swung

out on the aide tracks and headed for the ein-
gle track tunnel, They quickly discovered

than that of the cars and they hurriedly turnet |
face downward and lay at fall lengthen the
ear, Once dn ide the tunnel the trate began to
increase in speed until it was trayedns of &
high rate

The predieament of the hoya waa frightful,
Smoke, not einders, a terrible draught, dark-
nossanda continual roar made them fear for
theirlives. Corkey sutered, it is said, ‘rom
colliding with the roof ofthe tannel, he being |
stouterthan hia companton, When the boys
finally emerged from the tunnel Corkey Was
badiy cut and brujsed. ‘They goon discovered
that they bad made a mistake in bourding that
train and they determined to summon @sstet-
ance. When thetrain came to a stop at spuy-
teo Duyvil they made thelr presence known,
They were hefped from the roof of the eur
Corkey, itis sald, was almost nude, the eloth-
ing having becw torn from bis body in the tun-
nel, uxon seovered Wi Justand bleed.
Ing from the mouth and nose, Corkey wis
badly brated about the head, back and lower
limba. The boys were taken to Yonkers aod

  

 

 

turned over to Policeman James Noun, Core
key was conveyed to kt John's Hospital The
boye were arraigned before Judge Kellog@ in}

court to-da Tiey were remanded on the Pee
quest ol ohn polow eaptains vatil Monday
fa trond detectives who are investigating the
case declare that the toys must have unders |
gone @ frightiul expercnes fn the vide through \
the tunnel, the space between the top o: the
enrandthe summit of the tunnel being only
about ten inches

PENCING,

Columbia Wins Jantor Team Championship of
the Amateur League.

   

Colum bla Untversity students proved thems
selves masters with the folls in the competl-
tion forthe junior team champlonship of the
Amateur Feneers’ League of America, held
under the auspices of (he Feneers’ Club last
night. Tho four organizations that sought
honors were reprosept-d ae follows

Columbia—Q. A, Lawrence, 9. L. Ware and J

Mitchell,
N. Arnold, H

Sale--s, Ww
New York A, C.~Ceeil Lyon,
tller

 

B,

King and Il. D. Stowe,

Hitou and L
Miller
v York T. V.—P. Benzenburg, W. Winter and

Ke) hart.
The rules of the contest required each man
to ‘euce with every other map on the respective
teams and necessitated ffty-four bou Pour
minutes were owed to each palr, and the
Ww of judging Was accelerated by putting on
two bouts simultaneousiy, Afferthe first round
the Columbia fencers held a commanding lead
wed the interest centred in the keen struggia

rsccond place and the ecatest for tudividual
wnorm, The team seorca werg: Columbia, 225
ew York A.C, 11: New York T. V., 11; Yate,
10. Summary follows:

First bout, Pitou, N.Y. A. ¢.,
Yale; second bout Miller, NOY. ALC, defeated Wine |
ter, N. ¥. T. V.; third bout, Lyon, N. ¥. A. C., de> |
feated Eckhart, \.\.‘T. V., fourih bout, Lyon de- |

|

 

A

 
 

 

   

>

defeated Arnold,

 

   

 
  

 

   
  
   

feated Stoy Yale: Afth boul, Ware. Columbla, de
feated Piteu; Sixth bou Ware cefeatd bengen
burg, N.Y. T. Vic seventh bout, Wace defeated
Arvolds el@uth bout, Lawrence, Columba, deleated |
Miller; mint Laws defeavd King, Yale
tenth bout ii, Columbia, defeated Lyon; elev
enth bout Mitkenell defeated Meshart twelfth |
bout, Mitchcil defeated Stowe; thirteenth |
bout, Benanbue defeated 4 nold four
teenih bout, Benzenburg defeated Lawrence;
fifteenth bout, Beuzeoburg defeated Aruold; six
teenth bot, Eckhart defeated Stowe; — seveii- |
teenth bout, King defeated Winter, elghteenth
bout, Pitou defeated Stowe; nineteenin bout, |
Law se defeated Waiter; tweubieth bout
Mitehel defeated King twenty-first |
bout Miller ad tad Eelhert: twenty-second bout
Ware defeated Stowe; tweoty third pout, Pijou de |
fected Whiter venty fourth bout, Bengendurg de. |
feated Lyo entyt bout, Arnod defeated
Lawrence iweutyeatsth = bout M tebell ue
f iiler Iweoty sevendl bout, Winter |
lefent Stowe twenty eg! th bout, Vare
defeated Beshart; twenty fourth bout, Arnold de
ted Miller irtleth bout, Piteu defeated King
bity first. bout, Bensenburg defeated Mitchell
ty-sccond | bout, Ware de.tated Lyor
ty third bout, King defeawd Bel irks |
ty-fourth bout, Lewrence defvated itou;

Stowe defeated Miller; thirty sizta |

ry Hibh bout
thirty-seveuth bot, |

|

|

Winter defeated Lyon,
' :

cael,

bout,

 

    

 

thirty nintu bout, Hen

{ iller fortieth bout, Lyon

‘ ted Arvold forty first bout, Arnold
defeated Winter, forty-seeond bout, Lawrence de

feated Lyon; forty-turd bout, hing defeated Miller,

 

 
 

forty fourth bout, Mitchell defeated Piwu; for |
fifth bowl, Lawrence deieated Kekhart, forty
iath bout, Ware defeated Winter, forty
sevecth bout Bensepbure defeated Howe; forty
eighth bout Pltou defeated steshart, forty-ulnth
bout, Mitebell defeated Winter: fiftieth beut, Ware dr
fated Lily fret bout, Stowe defeated Law

 

econd oout Lyon defeated King: filty
Henzenburg defeated King; Ofty fourth
vout, Arnold defeated Eek hart

Knockouts at the Pellcan Club. |

Billy Donnolly of Brooklyn and Young Hines
of New York met in the principal bout at the

| Pelican A. C. last night, They were scheduled |

certain qualides of endurance |

togo fifteen rounds at 118 pounds, Hines
took the place of “Piuky"” Evans of Yonkers,
who failed toappear. Hines was not tn the |
Lest of condition and his seconds decided he
had enough in the thirtieth rouad and threw
the sponge. He was for from a beaten |

ur

5 in the opening bout Terry Pox went against
Kid Ween for six rounds at 118 pounds, Yoth
fought fast in the Oret three rounds, with hon-
ore abouteven, Wren had sucha decided al- |
vantace in the remaipiog rounds that tho |
rejeree gave him the verdict, Jimmy Doyis
ind. Bid) Kelley were down for ten roun Is
at 130 pounds in the pext bout. The men
vised slugging tacies and when they came up
forthe third round both were tire l Doyle's
eyes Were in such a Pad condition in the |
peuvent round that be was hardly able to see
his antagonist. Kelley finally put him to bleep
inthe eighth round with a bard swig on the |
yaw, Jack MoCauley of Brooklyn and Joo
Baseman of Washington were next on the ;
t dels They wee to go ten. rounds. |
at 1/25 pounds. In the third round Mecauley |
sent a hard swing to (he jaw, Wiel sent Jake-
man to the floorand he was counted out.

    

Iu the fing) bout Juce Barer of Brooklyn
met Mike Brown of the }
| forten rounds at 158 pounds. Both proved to

   

be siuggela grown sent home several good |
swinga (othe face and bocy in the ifth ro vad,
and Just betore the bell he staggered Butler
with « bard AWikg lv Chejaw. Phe mem fougit
fast and furious in the remaining roun Is, with
honors about even, The decision Was a draw

\
|
prour!\ Navy Lard |
|
|

columbia Men Contesting for Champlonships,
The second annual gymnastic, wrestiiag aud
buskettall ecbaraplonships of Columbia Univers

y were held Jase nigh J. De La Fuente |
ithe all-round champlonship. Summary |

 

vilows
Iron Wand Derlll~ By Class of '03, College
Jlorizuubal Bare W by J. Ye La Fuente, 1990, C;
Pstino ’ econd, J. ¢ Smallwood, ‘us, ;
ee tweght Wrestling Champic nship-- Won by |
Cod. Henrlguee, 2e00
jicavywelght Wresilloa-Won by WD. Hennen,

r

 

 

 

 

Parallel Bars, Interscholastic Won by F. B. Ben
Jamin, barvard W. Holzmucr, Newark Academy, |
cond, NB. Secord. Baruard, third |
fF Wou by | W. Ward, Ul; Fuente, sec-
wecler, thord
Weight Wrestiing—Won by Henriquez on
| itidian Club Drill Class of "0%, selence |
} Hhorigonta: Bart, liberse teic--Won by C. W
} Holgayer ewuile Avadem Fr. Behiener, Jr,
\ irk Acadeny, seeoud, |. Gray, Newark Academy,
baird

side Horse--Won by Ward Smallwood, seoond; J.
De La Fuente, tind

Parallel Bare-Won by Eastumond; Smaliwood,
secondJ. De La Fuente, tid.

‘up Swingicg Won by KR. W. Van Deerliu, E. B,
Koenig, seouud

Feretog well~B

riying Rings
Fuente, third

atwetball Championship-«lasa of ‘08 college
defeated ‘01 lawyvy 10 porulsto 4

6

 

y Sophomore
Kon by Earle

 

Wheeler, second;

Craise Among the Pacific
islands,

San Foanctsco, April 14.-The yacht Rover,
in whieh Capt. R. GB. Fithian, his wife and
George Loughborough oruimed among tho
South Bea I«lands, arrived to-day after a ruo
of thirteey daya from Honolulu, The Rover
jeft Santa Barbara iu last Auguat and since
then has covered armost 20,000 miles, The
firat piace visited was the Marjuesas group,
the run of 3,100 miles having veen made in
eighteen days, Samoa, Tahiti and other
plaees were visited. Duriag the cruise the
yacht called at seventeen ie ands.

Mack From a

 

 

 

“Buy

  

China and Glass Right

9

 
     

HIGGINS & SEITER:

FINE CHINA

RICH CUT GLASS.

AN
EASTER
SALE,

 
  

(See description and price below.)

Vases,
" DinnerSets,
Glassware,

N Pursuance of our annual custom, which has uniformly hereto»
fore been stamped with the approval of popular favor and suc-
cess, we announce for the week of April 15th an Easter Sale of

rich and beautiful china and cut
offered at this time to obtain many of the choicest treasures at our
establishment at prices far below our regular figures, which are

always

glass. An opportunity will be

', Less Than Elsewhere.

It is only justice to ourselves that all should understand that
these annivereary sales of ours aro in no eense “Clearance” sales
or efforts to dispose of goods not otherwise easily disposed of. On

‘the contrary, they are events for which preparations are carefully

made--goods collected purposely and of special attractiveness, not
merely in price, but in artistic beauty and real worth. The few
articles we mention below are fairly representative of the innum-

erable features of the sale.

CUT GLASS ii jisee saree:
VASES.

illustration ie representa-
tive.

1.90

Limoges
China

UNIS CHINA dinner
DINNER SETS eets with ar-

tietic flower

decoration in
the prevailing tints of lavender with
qreen, pink with blue, green with yellow
and yellow with purple. Either color as
you may desire, tos pieces complete,

18.00.

|

Etched design with

CRYSTAL inition stem: good
GLASS SET quality crystal

glass. While thie
set is priced very moderately it is an exe
tremely tasteful and handsome set. (See
illustration above.)

12 Tumblers

19 Saucer Champagnes

12 Wines

12 Clarets

12 Cordials

60 pieces complete, $9.00

 

   

This Welsh Rarebit
plate is a decided nov.

RAREBI
PLATES fj." inespensive. tt i

made from our own suggestiona and con-

' trolled by ua for the United States, Artise

|

‘

tic coloring in six different designs; special

price,
$4.50 per dozen.

We wish at this time to call epecial attention to our unusual facilities for fure

nishing summer cottages, yachts, clubs, ete,

Our facilities for special decoration of

glass with crests, emblems, monograms, etc., are very exceptional.

5350-54 West 28d Street,

(Near Sixth Avenue),

 

LAWN TENNIS.

to Play Here Next Summer,
A rumor has just been spread among the loca!

| Jawn tennis enthusiasts that the Britsh team

Wedding Gifts a Spcococoialty.

|

  

LADIES’ DAY AT N, Y. A. OC.

| The Doherty Brothers and Mahony Expected | Junior Swimmers Perform Well in the Clab

Natatortum,

With thousands of women {n bright spring
costumes crowding the rooms and corridors of

that will be sent over bere this aeason to play | the New York A. C. yesterday afternoon, the

for the new Davis International Challenge cup
will be made up of the Doherty brothers and H. 8
Mahouy = Pustace H. Miles, the English racket
and court tennis champion, who ts now Secretary
of the Tuxedo Racket Club, is responsible for the
story, but it is nut known whether he has any
special information ornot He ts making a special
effort, practically indepencent of the official ne-
gotiations that are in progress, to get a ritish
team to take part in ab international tournament
at ‘Tuxedo. He expects the Dohertys and Ma
hony at Tuxedo, and it is almost certain that only
one team will come over from abroad, the chal
lengera for the Davis cup probably also playing
at Tuxedo and Newport

Should the Dohertys come over this season
it will be no mean task to dispose of their chances,
boul for the American championship and the
Davis cup. For three seasons they have been
invincible abroad, KR. F. Doherty, the older, in
the singles, and the two brothers in the doubles.
The ali England championships at Wimbledon
have been lild for three years now by these two
brothers, both in cingles and doubles. American
experts have long Leen thought to be strouger
{n doubles than the Enclishmen, but they will
meet the greatest British team that ever played
in the Doherty brothers, and even Davis and Ward
will find them a ditfleull pair to dispose of
younger brother, H. L. Doherty, has had some
trouble with lus beaith and his doctor will not
permit him to play in singles, 6o bis tournament
competition is now confined to doubles wiih his
brother

‘Lhe American authorides are willing to concede
almost anything within reason to bring off the
nateh, and less the Dohertys should refuse
tu make the trip to America, the match ts almost
sure to come off as a Banged. The match will
probably be held the week beginning July
31. at the St George Cricket Club, in Hoboken.

The English official ranking for the season
of 1899 issued last month places Clarence Hobart,

\merican player officially rated abroad,
in (ue Sith Croup, with twelve Englishinen aod
{rish players ahead of bim ss In explaining Ho
bart’s position the oficial report says Hobart’
freat Successes @t Homburg ate excluded by the
conditions governing the classification, other
wise he woulu have been a pre ur two higher.”
Hiubart is rated even wiih R. Allen, Hh OR
Harrett, J. M. Boucher, A. Ho Riseley and Count

 

the only

Victor Voss, the German champion, all re
ceiving fivesitihs of fifteen from Champion
RF. Doherty So tt Smith, the great
base-line expert is rated second to Doherty,
his handicap being onesigth of fifteen,
while Wr W. V. Eaves and iL S. Mahony, who

were both over here in 1807, are rated together in the
next class, geting two-sisihs of fifteen from
Doherty ;

At Nice, in the south of France, two weeks
ago, Lobart played @ Urilllant exhibition match
in doubles fith Burke, the Paris and Nica
srofagsional, who ia raved as about equal to the
ext amateurs over there, for 4 partner, Hobart
played agaiost (he two Doberty brothers, and
was beaten afier an exciting match, by 6,
& 60-4

Basketball Notes,

Che basketball team of the Flushing High School,
by defeating the Commercial High Sebooi uve in she
former's gymnasium on pitt afternoon, wound up
the season withoutadefeat In the game with the
Commerctal team the Flushing boys started out w
seore cory and often, and they never letup in their

  

whtriwind play until they Bad rolled up 23 points.
The Commercial scored 6 points on three goals from
the field

Turf Notes,

LEXINGPON, April 14. D. Morgan, the New
Yor. brover, aud & party of frleuds arrived here this
morning from New York tolook over Mr Morgan's
borses at Elmburst farm. Ex Seeretary of the Navy
W. ©. Whituey and bis son, Harry buyne Whitney,
will be bere to-night or tomorrow dorulue.

‘

clubhouse at Central Park South presented an
unusually animated appearance. ‘The occasion
was the forty-fifih “Ladies Day” and the first of
the present year. As the women friends of the
menibers have received no oppurtunity to visit ihe
clubhouse since last November, the attendance
surpassed the estimates of the management, and
luxed the facilithes of the capacious building

A musicale under the auspices of the Enter
tainment Commitiee occupied the atiendon of the
guests after lunch, Then a general move was
made to the natatorium, where the expert swim-
mers of the club performed specialties that were
hearuly appreciated.

Gus Sundstrom, the club's swimming instrue-
tor,was the mainetay of the trick swimmers. He

| gavo imitations of the seal, porpoise, crab and

The |

torpedo boat, and was ably backed up by brederic
J. Wells, the old champion water polo player

A feature of the afiernvon was the work of some
of the youngest of the members’ sons brigade.
The litde nippers took immensely, and daintily

loved hands applauded enthusiaasticelly whea

isher Goodhue, the diminutive son of the clubs
treasurer, swam two lengths of the bath in perfect
style, while litde Andrew Shelands under-water
swimming also pleased the crowd,

The chief couipetitive iten was the attempt of
W. Swan to eclipse the junior record of 1 minute
22 seconds, beld by bimeelf, Me swam the dis
tance alone, and cli god two aecouds ull ihe previ-
ous best figures f e other races were spirited,
one ending in @ dead heat, while the other wag

won by a touch my. Summary “4
ID) Hennen an

 

200 Varde- Dead heat between W
PF. A. Wench, ‘Time, 3 minvtes 27 seconds

15) Yards Won by PF. A. Wench: J. Proctor sem
ond, RC. Beecroft third. ‘Thine, 2 niin ites 20 seconds,

The Stodents’ Cable Chess Match,

According to Manager Fdwar!d W. Libaira,
the American team for the statente’ cable
chess match e¢annot yet named, Falk of
Colum bia ie ill anditis therefore not at all cere
tain whether he will beenablelto play. Then
another protest came from I’rinceton objecting
to Harvard's man, U. (i, Hopkins, playing on
the team becaues this player did not astabliah
arecord, and Princeton therefore insists upon
Hopkins being matched avainst A &.Weaton of
Vrlnguton for a place on the team, Manager
Libaire sent word to Harvard telling Hopking
that he would have to play a match from one to
threa games upat the Manhattan Chesa Club
ou Wednesday, the winner to take the place on
the team. Itis understood in coliegiate chess
cireles that Princeton is right in ratsing the
point. Should the Harvard man refuse to play
the match as orlered, then the match com-
mittee, which will ineet ut the Anickerboeker
4. Clon Thursday afternoon, will have to settle
the case. should Faulk be prevented from par-
tic!pating in the imateh, then C. A. T. Sehroeder
of Columbia nay be pressed into service,

he

 

 

Canadians Change Lacrosse Rales.

Tononto, April 14.—Important changes
wers made to-day by the Canadian Lacrosse
Association in the rules of the game, It
was deciled thata match game should last
ninety minutes with «a ten-minute reat at
the expiration of forty-five minutes, competing
teama tochanee goula at eecond half of the
match. A second important amendment pro-
vides that in case of ties thirty minutes be
played, and If no game be aeored before fifteen
minutes govis stall then bechanwed, It was
aleo agreed that home payers should not be
allowed on the goul crease,

Percy McIntyre Kefuses to Meet Spike Sul-
liven,

Atthe last moment Percy McIntyre has ree
fused to meet Spike Sullivan at the Green wood
A. C. on next Saturday night, and “Young”

Starr of FPigaeloria, ~ heen sedatityte’,
arr ao van Wi x twen ands
139 pounds, S