BUSINESS MEN AWAKE NOW;

N, BLISS TELLS OF THEIR

Ss
COBNELIVO CANVASS.

ARDOR IN THE
That the Bryan Danger
They Came Ont to Face

It Like One Mao~ Sense, Fuaperience, Hon-

esty, Urged Them to the Frontof the Battle.

As in 1896 this has been eminently a bual-
peas man's campatgn, and the Republican
National Committee fully appreciate the attl-
tude and activity ff the various meraantile,
manufacturing apd commercial Interests in
behalf of the reslection of President McKinley
and the triuraph of the cause of sound money
and national honor On Saturday manr
reports were re eived at Republican Headquar-
tera from business men's honest money organi-
nations in various cities, all evineing the greatest
enthusiasm for the causo In the course 0
o discussion as to the wreat services rendered
by these organizations Treasurer Cornelius
N Bilss expressed his views at some length

 

Once Convinced Th
Threatened Again

He said
rhe country, a8 we all remember,

much in 1806 to the united action of the
ess men working together without dis-
of party to prevent the disaater of
So now the country

owed

very
busi
tinotion
the election of Mr. Bryat
(s again defended by {ta buaineas men, Demo-
crata and Republicans alike, who are standing
like @ stone wall againat this reuewed attempt
of the Bryanized Populistle Democracy to

capture the vita lel of ‘governmental power

  

“The managers of the Republican cam-
paign recognize the inval iable ald rendered
br the business men and wish to express their
full appreciation of ft The publio at large
also knows of it and ippreciates It At first,
early in the present campriign, the business
element was apathetic to a degree which ap-
peared t& xperienced politictans dangerous
The cause of tho apathy was evident. It

was overeonfidence, The business tnen had
fought and vanquished Bryanism in 1806, and
commercial prosperity had been so
general that the

acoording to A

since then
grent and 80
reasoning

business

business

nen,
man's loge concluded that 4
everybody waa satiafied nobody would vote

fora change They did not reflect at first that
there area great many f eople who do not reason

rding to a business man's logic. They did

 

 
  

 
 

 

   

 

 

   
  

 

D it tlect upon #& solid de uth, voting solidly
against its own best interests just because
habit, prejudice and a race question iW]
did not reflect upon the Dumerical strength of
the idie and vicious in the large vities, the
extant of the silver mining interest 4 influence,
the liability of some kinds of wage earners to
be easily | unded by demugogues, the ex-
treme anx y of the ‘outs’ to wet cin, ae

But when at last the business men did realize
that there was a danger of Mr Bryan's elec-
thon, they Sprang into the breach r biy Not
onty in New York ¢ , but in Baltimore, Chi-
cago, Hoston, St Le la e and all the
arge cities of the north, and also in the amall
towns, they rallied almost as one man to the

have conducted it with all the
promptitude, skill and energy that are «0 char
acteristic of the American business man rhey
have organized clubs and got them into per-
fect running order with a@ celerity that passes
comprehension, They hav: printed and distribu-
ted documents, arranged meetings, provided
speakers, raised flags, held parades, and done

missionary work
valuable sugges-

defence, and

 

f private, personal
have furnished many

 
   
  
   

to the various Republican party com-
3. In a word, they have shown that
es fown to & plain questiot of com

  

business, ut

10 politics In
an will stick to

ents equals fifty «

nh sense, there is

that the business it thr

   

 

 
 
 

     

thick and thin that nifty
no ruatter how much the Democrats jiay try
to make them believe it equals one hundred
nts
iL Wat suggested by one of the group sur
rounding Mr Blisa that the businesa men,
bo Matter (f voting a8 # unit, do not constitute
& malort of the citlrens
‘Corte not.” replied Mr, Riise
alone con telect McKinley. The eormra
fully re sandapprectates the indispensable
t ibiican ticket by the

w Rey
and by the Workliug neu

    
   
  
 

 

 

   
      

   
 
   

 

 

 

      

 

      
 
  
   

  
 

 

    

  

 
  

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

LOOK OUT FOR THE ROORBACK.

 

It Is About Due, bat No One Knows tn What
Shape tt Will Appear.
| Cnicaco, Il, Oct. 14—-The great Dem >-
cratic roorback of the campaign is about duc.
Beware of it. Don't believe it. It has without
any doubt been carefully nureed at Demo-
erate Natlonal Headquarters for months,
in rendiness t> be aprung at the last moment
in the campaten, eo that election day will pasa
before its faleity oan be thoroughly understood
by the maas of the peopla No one can tell
in what will appear. Tt may be a
pure forgery, as was the Morey letter of 1880.
It may be a charge that some influential Re-
publican is Involved tn a great scandal It
| may beathat Preaident McKinley or Gov. Roose-
velt will be acoused of murdering his grand-
mother’s aunt’a cousin, or something equally
} absurd. Look out for it, don't be influenced
by ft. It will he falae in whatever shape it
appears.
The Republican national campaigners in
this city began to-day to clreulate recent ut
terances of President McKinley In a speech
at the banquet of the National Association of
Manufacturers of the United Statea at the
Waldorf-Astoria, New York, Jan 27, 1808, the
President sald
‘Nor will we ever consent that the wages
of Inbor or {ta frugal savings shall be sealed
down br permitting payment in dollara of less
value than the dollars accapted as the best in
every enlightened nation of the earth ”
President MeKinley at Clinton, Ta.,
1808, said
We have gone from Itndustrial depression

shape it

Oct. 11,

to industrial activity. We have gone from
labor seeking employment to employment
seeking labor We have abundant and un-
questionable currency the world over, and we
have an unsurpassed national credit, better

than it hasever bean before in our history
The Brvanites are a little early this vear with
their ouferies about coercion of wage earners
| Four vears ago they deferred this trick until a
week before election No one has voleed a
better reply than President McKinley did ina

 

 

| 8| h toa Cleveland clubof wage wor (ers dur-
| ing that campaign
| They talk about coercion, the coercion o

They mistake the

employee by employer
It is not coercion bit

apirit of the campaign
syhesion- cohesion between employer and em-
I le yee, Mm ide stronger by a common interest
and a common experience ”

President McKinley said at the Hoosac Valley
Agricultural Society Fair, North Adams, Mass,
Sept 22, 1807

God bless and pro

 

   

 

   

per the American home
and the American pe e Upon these rest the
strength and virtue and permanence of the
nation, which we pray our Heavenly Father to
ever have in Alls sacred keeping

 

| How different are those sentiments to Mr
Brvan'’s recent utterances which are intended
to rlot and revolution. President McKinle
said at Boone, Ia., Oet. 11, 1808
Every section of this country loves the old
flag deur! ind we have but one flag, and that
the glorious Stars and Stripes. It is a sight
inspiring to behold that in our war the troops
f the North brigaded with the troops of the
South: that lowa troors were br gaded with the

 

  
 

of Georgia and commanded by that
ulshed ex-Confederate, whose name is
' iar with the annals of the Civil War
i moe more we were all together. We
| were all together in the flght; we must be
all together in the coneluston This is no time
} for divided councils. This is the solenin hour
| demanding the highest wisdom and the beat
| atatasmanship of every section of sour coune
tr and, thank God, there is no North, no |
South, no Fast, no West, but all Americans
forever
| Finally President McKinley in a epeech at
' Camp Wvkoff, Montauk Point, J said
To the army and navy, to the marines, to
the re@ulara, to the volunteers, and to that

Providence which has watched over them a
fan

 

    

the nation to-day {s full of thankeaiv!:
praise The names of the brave offtcer nd
1 who fell in battle and of those who ve
from exposure and sickness will n
| story Their mermories will t
ed in the hearts and }hftatory of a ger
is people and those who are dependent
them will not be neglected by the tio
ernment for which the «9 freely sacrificed
their lives

HOW A DEMOCRAT SHOULD VOTE.

Rear Admiral Belknap Saye Vote for McKinley
and Roosevelt.

Oct. 14--Rear Admiral George

CHICAGO,

 

 

 

    

     
      

 

 

  

 

 
 
 

 
  
 

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

      

   

 

 

       

 

 

 

 

 

Those of th ems wh over to Bryau | F. Belknap will vote for McKinley and Rome
’ r . rr hel 4 Y a
fn 108 have larg retur a w ae gia velt. He has issued the following letter, which
ne } t ut Kihatmen
rer > their dest Hor was handed out in this city by his friends
hy nd «wt ar histi ip- “You ask me for an expregaion of opinion
pest Hut the the can as to the duty during the present Presidential
4 the aimost perle vation of th ; . { De te wt ell ab \
veaa men on one side@™! the ling of batt nea | Campaign of Democrata who still cherish the
mn aos. Taking the two ce algns tog I faith of Jefferson and Cleveland, whether they
} t development is unique in American political | @hould vote for the reelection of President
istory
Mr. Hlis# was usked to explain briefly the MeKinley or vote for Mr. Bryan In response
reasons for this remarkable unanimits f the | to such request [ beg to say briefly that in ms
* i ‘ . Judgment the questions that confront the
Rusinesa men.” he replied, “care little for | °"C4 eee : .
litical parties, and still lesa fe politiea] | country most distinctively and most mnenacine!y
ie t ibe ul they do di tobe | to-day are those affecting the atability of the
made foo a of do like to Ma ney eurreney and the integrity of the courte It
ol course, but they put the dollar above 4 ' ¢ hart
the man. The given over to ‘base | fs idle ‘ way he Buct lest ions
comimeretalism t weou * but have ! beer relegated = t the oor
‘ 1 rora | tenth f the past view f the Aet
pull ool that the t 1 and governr t
a to foist any | tniunet heresies ad ed tv t ( u
pon ther | Convention of 1896 were insisted upon by Mr
so much | Bry with imperial strenuousness ar re
| affirmed in submission to his {mperious de nd
by the Kansas City ¢ vention of this «
} year The tumultuous bleatings of t}
en lhey are quite aware | toms of alleged inipertaliam » but a he “
of the fact that twoand two tnake four, And, | sound: they but atrike notes ¢ uiated dis-
being sens » men the Hrvanite financlal tresa of nO more resounding fore than thel
doctrines are unutterably repugnant to ther | confined clangings of the alarm bells of the |
‘Again, business men are far-sighted, caus | sce stage To suppose, indeed, that Con-
thous then hes men of practical ex gress, changed in ite membership ey two
variance, wh ean te rthan the theorists years and holding the purse and ther re the
f e Mr. Bryan wt et a certain line of | « on, would ever permit a policy
financial operations will have. They wish | of to pursued any di
prosperity not or to-day, but also to-morrow | re Executive is to discredit the
and dav aftert norrow and next year and | common intelligence, good sense, strong fibre
all the time They want it not only for them- | and resolute will of this people Wherefore,
selves but also for t) neighbors andtheir | in view of such cons rations, as they appear
customers —not only f ir own line of bus to me and others I {1 more at
peas t for all lines ess—not only for | length, | propose, an Democrat, |
\ York b for Philade ja and Baltimore | to vote next month for the Republican Flew
and San Francis for t North and for the | ters, aa l did vote for auch Flectora four veare |
Rot rthe Bast and for the Weat wechise | ago Whatever other Democrats of the old
the now that the prosperity ill includes | faith may think or do such seers to me the best |
the prosperity of each and they know that the | course to pursue at this juncture
free sliver icy, if carried inte effect, would viene
mean to each and ealnmity to all ’ . . "
i cecenr ihe Gilets fi ed pale are | EH. R.GREEN TURNED DOWN IN TEXAS
r est? } est men, they naturally =
revolt fifty ot dollar idea, | Chatrman Hanna and the National Committee
whieh dishonest pre position. Recognize the Hawley Factton. \
lue 7 ainesa men are erminentiy
pat me They have proved this abur Darras, Tex., Oct 14 Chairman Hanna
gent wo many occaatona to snes and the National Republican Committee have
| the busineea men are hurt wore
the Nn . } mag bv a War ae till th ey hove turned down FE. HR. Green and his followers
alwava « “]othe (overnine moat | and recognized the faction lad by Congresaman
patr \ our wars, and there is no | Hawley aa the genuine Republican party of
excaption to the rule in the praesent case Thev i =
love «flag. and ther do not love those who Texas This news was @g Loout bw rer
would pu t down in any place where it may | sentatives of Mr Green t on the strength
have = heer raised srams they had recelyed from national |
headquarters in Chicago Mr Green and a
BUSY GERWAN M°RINLEY Lraqcor, | Rumber of bis, most prominant supporters
ve heldasecret conferencein Dalias to-day After
7 tthe meeting WM MeDonald said
Bees Already the Fruite of Ite Work of Mak- | Mr Hanna and the Nationel Committaa
ing the Main Iesne Plain, | bare no right to bney themselves with de
, eiding who constitute the Pennhiiear ty
> «Amer ' 1 nlew ar > t & ’ par
The Ge in A in MeKinley and Roose | oe Paega That is for the Re A an Satara
velt League, of whic Arthu von Rrieean ia | and thetr local reores ati throughout
the President, has carried on a most agwres- | the Rtate t determine, a about the
, wry the ree ’ t ‘ my it toon elec ior
elve ear fen agatr a dishonest dollar and } aay Liss ‘ of = tion
in behalf! of the present Administration The | The action of Mr Hanna and the Nationa!
effect of ita work has been seen plainly in the | mnmittes Is tantamount to recognizing ¢ |
A Lvonaof Sherman as chairman of the State
st two weeks, £ the officer re confident . i he
Ins " eek ind ‘ t ifiden | Republican Executive Committee inatead of
that any Germans who during the summer | Mr Green, and ton recognition of the State
were inclined to regard Pryat wniVA , | ticket headed by RK Hannes (Newlevite)
approval have i is that the | forGovernor as the genuine Republiean t t
ren! iasue {x the s t nd that the | _ [ft dssaid that Mr Green and his supporters
De a ee ‘ ha The | will subr to the decision and that hia Fxec
a , the ark ie | tive Committee will be dissolved and the
aver a al | t ' @ i tieket withdrawn. Mr. Green has oceunte
the t (rer n bir int ‘ nt bee ye nent § thoy Republican polities
cause the ire too sensible t f ed Texas for the t several ins, and it
et ‘ Brva . , | 8 {that he w thdraw fr it
and ea where e re had | le time and at on 4 =
he 11 it there was ne | bis exter ida visite t
i @ a 1} te 9 | Tr ore ! ! i remove New Y
for ee te ; . - pa nand fr Tair f hismother
ene 3 I ‘ Mrs Het (iy :
The i ed pring i} |
the ef ° of the ° p . ,
ne : in tena WISSEL FOR A WIDFE-OPFN SUNDAY,
ot u i ‘ Kh ‘th It
} ' Fnforcement of the Law Woold Hart Sena-
{rn Cie { ‘ ofw mare torial Nominee's Bastness,
ne ' ' |
t lite
hav 1 ' ’ legs The | Fort first eine years the Demo-
pe n ! e de yoeeded the e eratic campaign in Queens county lacks er
. no the « the
mee bq. jt sine Thus far no organized effort has
ne . | ® announce en mecte been made by Democrats ¢ d the tieket
sae
Sins : . a siet : | Theean ign is being run ona hit-or-miss plan
a r ' ' ih
ane 40 : . “ ; na is with no responsible head direeting affairs. The
ser! } luesda indications are that the Republican nominee
Oct } \\ Oct 17, f r Congresa Frederic S&S rm Flushing, will
Twer Asse { Rhroadway defeat t Democratic nomines, Rowland Miles
Fifth A i tres of Northport, Inthe fis vo Senator the
Third A niy ¢ : \ tre Recond distret, comprising Quee and Nas
Revent ‘ ! \ edon Souare Ra counties, between Chories C, Wissel, Demo
" iA 7 Third aves | crat.of Ridgewood, and Wiliam Wo Cocks, Re-
! moliewn. O Nassau eounty, Cocksis farina the
toad Wisco! 1 a A heer garden and Sunday
SI SATOR HANNA'S pienio park n Ridgewood. [fe atands for a
TOUR, wide-open Sunday and his friends flgure that
advocates of a inx Sunday. will wee a
Programme of Wis Week's Trip Throngh the { hrowse 7 carry om
Northwestern States
Cwtca Oct 4 ; Hanna and Drv Goods Men to Wear Carnations
Bernat lrve of M " eave Chicago at The Wholesale Drv Goode Club has adopted
new o-morrow } te r rthe North the carnation asits oficial flower, and every
r \“ kee n th member of the club will wear one in the ind
Th. ’ : ye Ha row otve@he moner parade oy Nov 3 In 1808 the paraders
nessa and aa y 3 mee “i, wwe 4 all wore ve on santhemuy, « The carna
‘ 7 . ' ! at? Pakotla ane tion Was adopted this vear heeanee it is the fa
Fria ind turcay in Neoraska, closing the | worite flower of President MekKiniey and has

weeks tour
urday night

with 4 big meeting in Omaba Sat-

 

 

been adopted by the Republican National Com-
mittee as the official flower of the party.

SCARED OFF;

COLONIZERS
NO FRAUDS “OF ANY. MAGNITUDE
M'CULLAGH SAYA,

As (o Vioe, the Saperintendent Will Tarn Over

the Evidence in tts Porsession to Dis

trict Attorney Gardioer—Request of the

Police Hoard Respectfally Declined,

John MeCullagh, Superintendent of Eleo-
tiona, and his deputies had a busy day of It
yesterday There were several oases for the
deputies to attend to in the police courta and
there were all of the lista of voters to be scanned
for evidences of colonization Supt. MeCullagh
expressed himself as greatly pleased with the
way things were going Evidence of the work of
the deputies was afforded by the absence of
any colonization fraud of any magnitude, he

said = In other words, the colonizers had been
acared off
Supt MeCullagh made publio his replies

to the requaats of the Polloe Board and District
Attorney Gardiner for information as to where
they could find crime and vice in the oity and
who were active in certain election colonizing
roovements
not to give this information to the police but
to District Attorney Gardiner, with whom he will
confer at 2 o'clock this afternoon, In his letter
to the Police Board the Superintendent said

I beg to state that, previous to the receipt
of your communication of the 11th inatant,
I had already notitled the District Attorney
of the county of New York of the possesion

 

of the evtdence referred to {n your communt-

cation, and requesting that he should take

immediate steps to present the same to the
Grand Jury the county of New York, In
reaponse to that communication, the District

Attorney has advised me that he is ready to
ecOperate with mein the 4 ntation of such
ey tdan eto the proper court 1 has requested
ine to Meet him for consultation on Monday,
Oct, 16, in reference the ‘4

[, therefore, feel compelled to reapectfully
decline to furnish your honorable board, with

     
  

 

 

The Superintendent has decided |

the evidence in my possesaton, Dut shall reserve |

 

it for the « ideration of the proper tribunal
Recent developments seem to fully Justify the
statements made by tne in my communication
to the Chief of Police of Get. 4, copy of which I
forwarded to your honor » board, in_refer-

 

  

ence to certain persons and places aper ifled in
said cormumiunication which, in my Judgment,
vitally affected the integrity of the franchise,

and [ desire to state that, Irrespective of any
action, or failure to act, on the part of your
honorable board, or the Chief of Poltce, in ref-

such persona and places, I propose
ist every means at my diaporal to sup-

 

erence t
to exha

press it
MeCullagh's

deputies arrafgned three men

  

   

 

 

  

vesterday in the Essex Market police court on
charges of {legal reglatration on Saturday.
The prisoners said they were J¢ Kirk,
Frank Carney and George Noll reg-
istered in the Nineteenth election district of
the Sixth Ass t giving as his resi-
det the lo t S17 Bowery Tt fa

 

lived tn the lodging

he has only
He was held for trial in

alleged that
house since Oct. §

 

$1,000bau. Carney registered4n thesame district
and gave the same lodeing house as his ade
drese. When questioned bs Deputy Pelsner
he admitted that he was only 18 yeara old

After hetng locked up
been advised to rege
district and tt Is

 

Then he was arres
he declared that he had
{ster by a politician of the
understood that he furnished to Supt. MeCule
lawh the name of this politician. Action will
probably be taken to-day against the man he
named. In the meantime he was put under
$1,000 ball for trial

George Noll registered in the Third ealaction
district of the Tenth Assembly district and
anid he lived at 130 Norfolk atreet The build
ing at this number is now in the process of re

 

     

 

 

    

construction In the poll court veeterday
Noll said I used to live there before they
bewan to tear it down and put all the familles
out J] still live there beeanee at night I go
in there ar leep on the bears or on the lun
ber Hie wast too

Anthony Wo Miller of 145 West Thirty-third
street, a cler nthe Register’s office and the
Tamrnany district captain of the Elghth elec-
tion district the Twenty-fifth Assembly
district, was a prisoner in the Jefferson Market
police court yesterday charged with creating
a disturbance t ‘ tion place of that
district, at 143 v-flrat street The

1 beard, George

negro chairn !
rd, the Tammany

 

 

 

Brown, *

captain o ‘ lection district, who
had been arrested for creating a disturbance
there on Friday, went there on Saturday and
challenged almost everybody who presented
himself for registration It was done with

evident malice, Brown said) When he finally
told Ford to get out or keep quiet, Miller jurnped
up and said

Youse have as much right here as any citi-

 

 

    
     

  

 

zen You stay here

the lieernan then arrested Miller on the
order of Brown and one of MeCullagh's depu
ties Magistrate Cornell held Miller tn &500
bail f trial

“ tafter was sent to the registration place
at 3 Ave A on Saturday by Herbert
Parsons, Htean candidate for Cor
@reas in the dis to take the names and
desert potions f en who registered He was
arrested the charge of disorderly iduet,
but was discharged in the Yorkville police
( rmtovesterda Mr Parsons was in court
and told Magistrate Flammer that Rafter had
a right to be in the place and take notes, but
that a Tammany inspector had ordered that he

ot and arrested
virica Bo Blumenthal, chairman of tne

Ittee n tiffed his on
it the wicked Repub

Tamman

spellbinders

Speakers t«
esterday t

  

licans were trving to inttr idate the Tammany
men to prevent them frer registering Mr
slimenthal told the velibir rnoti their

   

and
and

protect
assailed,

atidiences that Ta anit
defend virtue wherever it was
provide lawvers to do it

ORIO, 110,000, SAYS FORAKER

He Doesn't See How McKinley's Plorality Can
Fall Below That.

Information received yesterday from Ohlo

waa to the effect that Senator Foraker's est!
for McKinley tn

mate of the plurality that

State ia 110,000 Senator Foraker say® that
M Kinley will probably get more, but that he
doesn't see how the pluralitv can fall below
that

| Minnesota, 0

[he Republican National Committee fa now |
t

 

abeoly y confident of ecarrving Maryland
The conditions in that State have improved
a great deal in two weeks, and the bottom
Reems to have dropped out of the Democratic
campaigen

 

McKinier Banner for Bleecker Street.
erchanits (n Bleecker atreet, under the
f Capt F. Ner'on Goddard of the

Then

leadership

firm of J. W. Goddard & Sons, will bang outa
Mek nlev and Roosevelt banner at noon to-day
Opes 100 Rleecker street Col. Abe Gruber

 

 
  

 

 

wi the oration, and there will be several
othe xers. A band will alao attend and
help the celebration along All the merchanta
in the nel@hborhood are red hot Republicans
—_—--

 

 

”

What is the “new-fledged
color for sack suits?

srown.

Brown is frightfully unbecom-
ing to me!

Well, there're others just
“feathered” —grays touched or
plaided with green, or with red,
and cloths of a real greenish hue.

They're here, as are all the
new things, as also the good
old and combina.
tions of color that will mateh
any complexion color or mind
color.

Sack Suits, 815 to S82. ©

ones; colors

Roaers, Perr ~~ Company.

2548 Broadway, cor Warren
and 7 and & Warren St

649 HKroadway, cor Princes.

126 Broadway, cor. 32a
and 54 West 33d St

We fll orders
by mall.

   

THE TWO PICTURE

 

A Campaign Document That Has Dealt a Blow
to Bryaniem,

Cu10ado, Oct. 16—The vast majority of
the Western and Far Western newspapers have
reprinted the article in Tar Siw of Oct, 10,
headed: “Campaign inthe Musto Aalle-Some
New Gags Mixed With left-Over (heatnute -
MoKinley Universally Cheered.”

It le upon such articles that the campaign
managers now rely to a large extent to as
certain the actual sentiment of the voters
Five-day polls and thirty-day polls are all very
well in their way, but the trouble with them
le that they are conducted by interested folks,
Republiloan or Demoeratio campaign man-
agers, and many times the voter has pereonal
reasons why he does not care to speak candidly
to the offictal visitors of the parties. In many
instances the voter resenta In an Amerloan
apirit this inquisitorial visit and returns any
anawer that enters his head at the moment

The popular singers who visit every country
and crossroad town and hamiet tn the United
States and perpetrate their political “gage”
on their audiences are apt to discern the pollti-
coal sensibilities of those before the footlighta,
All sorta, millionaires, farmers, clerks, me-
chanics and clergymen, are in the music halls,
Here in Chicago for two weeks William Pruette,
who, in the estimation of many, is a greater
El Capitan than DeWolf Hopper ever was,
has sung a verse which has brought out roars
after roars of tumultuous cheers from men,
women and children

It is McKinley and Bryan a running a race
Both men are alter the very same piace,
ator Silver the other for Gold;
One is right you don't have t be told
‘tuley is noneat, tried and true,
Bryan is smartand 4 smooth one boo;
But he made a mistake when he started to run,
By declaring himself for 16to1

Ever since the United States bas been a Re-
‘ublie ite farnous orators have had what is
known in political life the “oratorical trick
of attempting to feel” their audiences, that is,
to sound A praise or two on a political issue
of the thme and pausing for the purpose of
ascertaining if the sentiment or statenient ex-
pressed was popular. It mary not be out of
lace to assert, in the full information of the
acts, that such men as George Washington,
Abraham [inecoln, Daniel Webater, Henry Clay,
Henry Ward Beecher, James G. Blaine, James
A. Qarfield, Chauncey. M. Depew, Joseph H
Choate and orators of that type resorted in
their time to this “oratorical trick of sounding
the sense of an audience” Depew and Choate
still play this harmless and pertinent scheme
of ascertaining if their utterances are con-
genial fo the vast audiences which confront
therm

In later days the music hall singer and th
opera comedian with their political skits an
verses are forcing public sentiment to express
itself more quickly than the old-fashioned
“oratorical trick” of the great men who were
and are engaged in the political battles of the
two parties. The Republican national man-
agers in this city have learned many ways of
reaching the actual sentiments of the vote
from these public singers, and it may be sai
that no document they have isenad has received
quicker recognition than the folowing

     

 
  

LOOK UPON
TAls picture— And (his—
Republicanism Damocracy.
Plenty Want
Hope Fear
Confidence Distrust.
Good times Hard times.

Free trade.
Half time

Protection
Steady employment

 

Honor Repudiation
Securtty Alt@eldism.
Good wages

self-respect

Thrift Pioching
Prosperity. Stagnation
industry Tramps
Commercial activity Pantes

Steady business. Idleness

Good credit Despalr

Fly the flag Furl the flag
More foreign trade No trade atall
Strong foreig@s polley. No foreign polley.
Luo -eent doliars 48 cent dollars
Abundant money Bankruptcy
Good clothes ( heap clothea

(iood prices No markets
Optimism Pessialsm
Iilimanism
ssatisfaction
Depress
Arnericanism Fur peanist
EXPANSION CONTRACTION
WHICH WILL YOt
CHOOSE?

SAYS BRYAN TO WIN,

 

 

 

 

EDGERTON

In Proof of the Statement Look at These
People's Party Figures.

Lixcoun, Neb, Oct. 14-— The following state
ment over the signature of J. A. Edgerton, the
{a given out by the People’a Party
ittee Bryan
eof the support he had |!

Secretary
National ¢
He has lost nor

except a few Silver Repubil

will be elected

Soe

   

ins in the mountain

st enough to effect

States Of these there are n

a single Electoral vote, Hewill hold his own
west of the Mississippi and will carry every
State in that region that he carried in 1806 with
the possible exception of Wyoming He will
gain heavily in the central West aud East; he

will not only have all the Democrats and Popu-
lista who supported him in 1896, but added to
| raceive the votes of a large number

former
the

these he wi
of Gold Democrats and
wno nave ieft their party on
perialism and trusts

The following States may be classed as cer-
tain to cast their electoral vote for Bryan
Alaba 11; Arkansas, & Colorado, 4:Florida
4 Georwia, 12: Ldaho, 2; Louisiana Mississippi
# Missouri, 17; Montana, 4; Nebraska, &; Nev rite
ith Carolina, @

Repub!

issues of im-

icans

 

 

len-

    
   

  

 

 

a: North Carolina, 11; Set

nessee, 12; Texas, 15; Utah, §: Virginia, 12
Total. 188. Added to these are the following
States that will obably cast their vote for
Bryat Illinois, 24 diana, 15: Kansas, 10
Kentucky, 18: Maryland, & South Dakota, 4
Washington, 4 West Virginta, 6. Total, 4
These added to 158 certain, give 287, or thirteen
more thana mafority inthe blectoral Collage

Outside of these certain and probable States
the following doubtful: California, 6
Delaware, 3 Michigan, 14

New Jersey, 10, New York, 36

North Dakota, 8 Ohlo, 28: Wieconsin, 12; Wy-

oming. 3 Total, 128. Of these Minnesota

New York and Ohio can all be classed as very

uncertain for the Republican candidate, In

fact, were it not that McKinley lives tn Ohio,

that State could be considered as almost a

certainty for Bryan

are
Connecticut, 6

MAYOR HARRISON'S CONTRIBUTIONS,

Charges That He Used City Lamber to FitUp
Democratic Headquarters in Chicago,

Cuicaao, Oct. 14 Charges that Mayor
Harrison is doing nothing to help elect the
county tleket are denied by the people living in
of Fiftyv-fifth street and Wentworth
avenue They sa the Mayor has con-
tributed Hherally to the campalan fund in the
material for fitting up Democratio
Iamber for the

the vicinit
that

shape of

headquarters headquarters

near Fifty-fifth street and Wentworth avenue
{s aaid to have been taken from the city vards
near Fifty-first street and Wentworth avenue,

eontrol of Street Superintendent M
J. Doherty At this vard the city keeps lumber
for sidewalk repairs and other purposes It is

lain pine lumber, and {s admirably adapted
for rough tables and benches used to dissem-
inate Deroeratle terature and the doctrines

under the

   

 

of the Nebra-ka prophet and the Kansas City
platforn

No niv did the Mavor furnish the lumber,
aav observir tizens, but he hired the team
ster to haul the lumber and paid him out of
the street cleaning fund Bon Wagner is the
teamste He appe on the eitv payroll
of the Thirtieth war e owner of a double
team and as living Princeton avenue

 

h thereof as may
d henches and

we mite

\ keg of citv nail or
rv to build the ta

       

 

nec
other bubwarks of the Demme le faith in the
Thirtieth ward, was used by theeommittes

O'RFEIRNE STIRS CP TAF SEVENTR,

Hasiness Men Assisting in a Sound Money
Campaign for Congressman,

Gen James Ro O'Reirne, the Republican can-
didate for Congress in the Seventh district, has
found a strong sentiment in his favor in quar-
ters where he least expected it, and the cam-
paign he ts conducting will strengthen the
entireticketinthedistniet The light fegistration
in the First Assembly diatriet shows a Demo-
eratic and Gen O'Reirne’sa canvases
is being pushed in Staten Island where he is

loss there

making things interesting for Congressman
Muller. his Tammany free silver opponent
Mr Muller voted against: the Gold bill in the
last session of Congress, and thus weakened

himself with the business men in Staten Island

and with those in the Manhatten end of the
district. Gen O'Beirne will profit by this

Gen O'Reirne has opened  campalen head-
quarters at 82 Broadway This afternoon at

 

Ro'clock 100 business men interested in his can-
vass will meet and form a campaign club, They
will begin a vigorous campalen at once and
keep it up until election day

Soand Substance
Standing

tread THE SUN. You may reach them through the

advertising columns Destrable associations with

pleasing results have been formed through this me

dium.—Adn

Persons = of and Good

THE SUN, MONDAY, OOTOBEK 15,
BRIEN AT SILVER DOLLAR'S

——————————$_$_$_$$ $n ee eee

1900.

  

HUNDRED-DOLLAR SPEECH TO THE
POLYGLOT TAMMANY CLUB.

Simon Stetnget Paid for It and the Phono-
graph That Delivered It Will Never Deliver
Another, for It Roared Oat, “Dowe
With Martin Engel and Tammany Hal,"

A demolished phonograph, with a battered
brasa megaphone attachment, awaits a cladny-
ant In the headquarters of the ostracized swt
of the Martin Engel Assoctation, in the oellar
of the saloon of the late Sliver Dollar Smith fn
Feeex street The talking machine was put
out of business yesterday at the firet @rand
maaa meeting of the German-Amertcan- Hebrew.
Irish Democratic Business Mon’s Association of
the East Side, held on the second floor, The
association was recently organized by Simon
Steingut, the Maror of Second avenue, who Isa
Tammany man and a foe of imperialism. The
idea of the association took shape a few nights
ago in the rear of Hirech’s Heer Tunne! ta Grand
street, when Steingut said’ “If I couldt ar-
rangemends make I vould haf @ regular pleness
men’s glub down here against MeGinley undt
brosberity, Ve are fer Bryans undt no trust
aind 1d?”

“Lam wid vou, Simon,” said Charlie Wagner,
the Grand atrect dry goods man, “I vish I
vas again trusd long ago. Dot growd py der
lagdt Mardin Engel pall owe me alreadty yed
fer vite negdles.’

The upshot of this conference was that the
association was organized with Steingut as
President and Wagner as Treasurer. Among
those who signed the roll were Pete, the barber;
Half-Dollar Smith, Mike Hannigan, the weigh-
ing machine man; Pinsky, the pickle pedler;
Pat Connolly, the Mayor of Poverty Hollow;
Ginger McGinnis, the only Irish pusheart
pedler in the East Side; Isaac Casey, the soda
water dispenser at Grand and Fssex streets;
Alonzo Sabey, Lazarus, the bootblack and shoe-
string dealer; Willlam Weyrach, Louls Geils,

Samuel Lynch, Charlie Finkle, Concrete Charlie
Kirschner, Hata Goldwater, Willam Casey, the
contractor; Wolf, the joeman, and Strausky, the
second-hand clothing dealer

Stelr t Was empowered to make arrange-
ments for the mass meeting and on Thuraday
posters were displayed in the district The
posters were faithful reproductions tn hebrew,

German and English of Steingut'’s original
nanuscript The English part read aa fol-
ows
Meetin Meetin Meatin
BRIEN BRIEN BRIEN

: Come by Charlie Smiths on Sunday -The busy
ness men t& hear speaches
HURRAH FOR BRIEN-—-FREE SILVER

On Thursday afternoon a well-dressed young
man called on Steingut
“The Mayor of Second avenue, I believe,”
he said
“I 1a him,” said Steingut
‘You are to hold awgrand mass meeting for
Bryan?” said the young tnan. “I represent
the Great American Talking Machine Company
It ia impossible for Mr. Hryan to talk every-
where, but I can have him at your meeting for
Siu
‘L vould gif a tousand,” eald Steingut
“iisten. he don't coms himaelf, but yet he
will be there,” said the man
“How gan he ven he alnt ad it?” asked Stein-
ut
“I will tell you.” said the man. “For $100
we will have at your meeting one of our talk-
ing machines whieh will give forth Mr. Bryan's
speech at Indianapolis accepting the nomina-
tion
1 ¢ yers, py chiminy,” said Steingut, and
the phonograph and brass horn waa put up in
place that same day in the Silver Dollar Hotel
Stelugut paid over the $i00 and was instructed
* to operate the machine On Saturday
x posters were distributed around the East
i announcing “Brien will be at it
This announcement served to fll the hall
yesterday and when Steingut turned on Bryan
fle began as folllows
“Down with the trusts that menace the people
and rob the poor mar [am agsinst all trusta

 
 

hie
a
S

  

      

 

   

 

and | tell you, gantlemen, of the Single-Tax
League of Dediam, Massachusetts, that the
lee Trust ought to be melted ”

Hurrah’ burrah' hurrah for Bryans
shouted the crowd, and the cheers were giy
with a will Steingut stopped the mach 1
until quiet was restored and then he let it ¢
again

Gentlemen,” continued the voice, “thers
a trust right in this towr George Fred \
fame mopolizes all the glory and wind i
the village and Lem Wilson fa the or man
who can @o ont and ahoot an ublicensed dog
and et the lees

il a’' hurrah for Bryana'” again yelled
the crowd

Steingut stopped the machine sh
at this junett to “Senate
Yorkville — par r "Vot_ is
abowid? Vot de is he talkir

Led id wo, Simon,” sald Levy

der interlocution. Led fd go again.” Ste
he machine again and the voi
rth the followtng

   
 

or gave

 

 

 

ien, the only way to promote pros-
pnerity is to be square {n all our dea Our
rallving ery should be ‘down with Taromany
Hall, down with Martin Engel, Tom Sullivan
and the red lights.’ *

Mike Hannigan waa the firet man to react
the platform The machine was turned over
and a crowd of men jumped on ! Steingut
and the other officers of the aseociatt got
out of a window and reached the roof '
way of the fire escape The emplovees of the
hotel rushed upstairs and drove the crowd into
thestreet

When the pleces of the phonograph were
put together afterward in the cellar a y tut
man who works {n a phonograph ¢ hilshe
ment sald that a machine similar to the one

 

which broke up Stelingut's masa meeting could
be purchased for $25 af retail

Steingut, who was seen afterward {n Seoond
avenue, said “TI doan know vedder I vas
awindled py a man who vanta der money or
vedder dia faa choke pr der Rebublicans.’

BREWSTER ANGERS SOCIALISTS.

 

Their Candidate for Attorney-General to Re
Pat Off the Ticker.

The State Campaign Committee of the Socjal
Democratio party is up in arms against Pugene
V. Brewster, candidate of the party for At-
torney-General on the State ticket on account

of a letter which appeared last week in tha
Rrooklyn Eagle over his signature The eom-
miitee has decided to remove his name from
the ticket if it fs proved that ha is the author
of theletter and eis to he as { about the

  

matter to-day The sentences wl
obiectead to in this letter are the following

The Republican party of to-day is) nau bt
ediv the party of progress, the partvof brains,

h are most

 
 
  

    
  

  

and the party which represents the highest
moral and Intelleetnal tributes known to
our nature To my mind ft is very clearly
the duty of every thoughtful citizen whe is
not « itted to some s ial reform such as
oclalism, prohibition, direet legislation, &e,
to vote for the party of Washington, Lineoln
and MeKinles

Mr. Brewster anid last evening that he would
stand by the letter and g@ive hia resignation
when asked to do ay “Miv position toward
the Soctal Democratic party he eontinued,
“is the same as that of Mr. Schurz toward the
Denioeratic. party Mr Schurz believes in

Democracy but is opposed to the alxteent>

 

 

lank. T refuse to be dogmatically tied down
» everything in the Social Democratic plat
form, thowsh of the Republican, Democratic

and Social Demoeratic parties L favor the latter
T don't believe the letter would tend to drive
: ‘i

   

 

Vv from the Social Demoeratic parts It
would rather drive votes from the Democratic
parts To a certain extent Tam in favor o

expanaion because 1 believe it is unavoidable

and necesaary in the evolution of the industrial
eyatem of this country.’

Oriental
Rugs.

We are opening a number of
bales of the
Orient.

TIFFANY @)STVDIOS
333T0341 FOVRTH AVENVE

(Ret 24th and 25th Sta) New York

rare rugs from

This

unusually

Special importation Is
attractive in point of

color and design.

Moderate Prices.

         

  

.Y a ) f

NYON CONVERTS.

 

 

te a

ea ¢/

{

 

His establishment crowded from morning till night.

More than 1,300 had free medical advice last week.

The despondent made hopeful, the sick made Well.

Grateful patients tell of their restoration to health.

The millionaire, the lawyer, the banker, the mechantc, the
merchant, the minister are in the daily throng.

You can’t be deceived, you can’t be obercharged, you wont

be disappointed.

He will tel

Step into any drug store and ask the druggist what remedies are selling fast-
you that Munyon's are, and will give you the names of hundreds

of people who have been nade well by his Cures.
Munyon's Rheumatic Cure positively cures rheumatism in any part of

the body before one vial has been used,
Munyon's Cold Cure is a specific for colds of any kind.

It clears the

head, throat and lungs almost instantly,
Munyon’s Dyspepsia Cure {s a certain remedy for all forms of indiges-

tion and stomach trouble,

Munyon's Kidney Cure restores the natural functions of the kidneys
even when those organs are seriously involved.

If you are broken in health take Munyon's General Debility Oure,

If your nerves are out of order take Munyon's Nerve Cure,

If your blood is not in proper condition take Munyon's Blood Cure,

If you have an ache or a pain that you want to get rid of try one of

Munyon's Remedies.

If you have any doubt about your disease and want the advice of ekilled

physicians drop in and have a chat with

a cent

The medicines are mostly 25 cents a vial.
If you need electricity you will find here the best equipped electrical depart-

ment in the world

EVERY DAY,

)
Everybody seems to be taking his little sugar pellets,

I

Munyon’s doctors. I) will not cost you

THE EXAMINATION ANDPADVICE ARE ABSOLUTELY FREE.

NCLUDING SUNDAYS.

BROADWAY AND 26TH STREET.

 

| OPEN
|
!

1A PPY OVER THE REGISTRY |

THE STATE

 

OVER A REPURLI-
CAN RUSH TO ENROLL,

AL!

}

aes

j In New York County Only One Republican
District Is Behind 1896, While Nineteen

| Tammany Districts Show Losses—"' Repab-

| ican Apathy'’ Has Gone Ont of Basiness.

} ib'ioan leaders were happy yesterday

Saturday

 

e registration of Friday and
they studied
more thev found in them to show

over tt
The more
and city, the

the figures

 

 

 

 
     

that while the Republicans everywhere were
active and alert the Democrats were generally
behind in getting out The Democrats had
not & tO say The Hon. Richard Croker re-
firme beinterviewed. Someof the Tammany
| man said that they would whoop things up on
Friday and Saturday of this week, the last two
| Gays of registration
! The Republican strongholds up the State
| inerensed their registration to an extent that
| aurprised almost all of the campalaners at the
} Fifth Avenue Hotel. Reports from all parts
of the State showed that the realstration where-
| ever personal attendance at the polling places
, is required was extre lv heavy
Compared with Isosr itv ehowsea decrease
ind some instances the inerease is from 25
j to 50 per cent Most of

the reports to the
| the fleures

  
  

 
    

  

  

  

  

  
 

 
 
   

 

  
 

  

 

 

 

Sale of

| Oriental

Rugs.

NS

00 Fixtra Quality
urkish

Carpets,

9x12 ft. to 13x16 ft,

875 to $145.
Lord & Taylor,

Broadway & 20th St.

 

big increase in registration was due in a great
measure te the increased population and to
the fact that the people were interested in the
campaign. He said he was sure that the entire
Democratte vote would be polled

Registration Up the State,

 

The following are the figuresof two days’
registration in the cities named

1894, 1909,

Cohoes euneseeve +. 8,158 4,125

Hensselaer 1,262 1,412

Waterviiet 3,023

New Rochelle 2,145

Amsterdam 2,583 3,246

| Canandaigua eereee terse . 1,717

MR. BRYAN ATTENDS CHURCH,

| The Guest of Jodge Grant—He Leaves Akron

State Committee have comparec
| this year with those of two ve irs ago, although
a fow have given comparisons with 1806 as
follows
1A0d, 180F 19n0
Yonkers.. 6,147 4.605 Corning 1,05
Mt.Vernon 2,5 2.038 Amst'dam. 3,31
Pt. Chester 1, 1,088 Bingh'ton, 7.4
Cana'd'gual,7! 1,838 Albany 16,846
These gains over 1808 are reported
City 1900 TAA Cty 1Ann 189A,
Buffalo 14,101) 18,145 Dunkirk
Syracuse 15.008 0,756 Ogdn'sburg
Albany 16,867 18 Newburgh
| Utlea 7,458 , ek port
| Sch'tady 8,002 gston
Bing mion 7.460 rning
Peekskil 2.641 tJlervis
Onronts 2,128 sburg.
Poug'k'ste 4.446 yum
Rome 2.547 stown
| Middlet'wn 2.480 rwiech
Ithaca 2,405 Vernon
Little Falls 7 1,446 Sonkers
Oneida faa 787 Watertown,
Glens Fa's 2,086 3,2
Democrats who were about the Hoffman
| House said that no one knew how the folks
who had registered were going to vote This
was the most comforting thought that they
could get out of the situation
1 nparisons in New York and Kings
la nt Tur Sew of yesterday show an in-
| teresting ynidition of affairs In New York
county U registration in nineteen districts
| was less this vear than on the corresponding
} days in last year Kighteen of these districts
| are Tamunany district (inly one is a Repub
| li in district That is the ‘Twenty-seventh,
many of whose resic have not yet returned |
) from their eountry homes Pour vears age
| they couldn't afford to stay away so long in
the Vacation seison
the 1 di-triets which show a falling
of sea are these Firat 2n2 cond
11 70 Fourth, O88: Seventh, 121. Tenth
24 bh, 8%. Thirteenth Fourteenth,
2h th, 25, Sixteenth, 430, Seventeent!

 

-StAth 237
24s Thirt
128. Thus the total
compared

228 Pwernts -fourtt 1” went
41 hirtiet?
third
districta as
and this tr
John ¢
one in

 

second, 62. Thirt
falling off in Tammany
with rst hs
of the t th it
had
Mr. Cre
Tammany
over isH4 are these
Ninth, a5: Kleve
tieth, 371, Tw

Sheehan
18h6 whi

The

 

ver \ ea n
r has all he can use this
diatriets which have
Sixth

veut
Thade
io}
Fiahiteenth
ond, i646, ‘Twe
1,385; Thirty -f } 77, Thirty-fitt) 1,891
total of the gains in Tammany district

The
is 5,200, making a net gain for all the Tarmmuany
districts in the county of 190 over the first
two days of 1896. The Republicans say that
|
|

 

ains
th. |

wen
vethird

         

 

  

a good part of the ineres in the Twentieth
is Republican, and that Capt. F. Norton God
make a raid on Tammany
there. They also say that a good part of the
Twenty-third’. {nerease is Resuhiican In
the Fighth Charlee Adier is running for the
Republioan ticket, and his
friends say that if it had not been for (his the
registration would have fajlen off greatly

The Republican gains are_in the Fifth, 199
the Ninetoenth, 446. Twenty-first,2,007, Ty anty -
fifth, 1&8 Twenty-ninth, 218; and Thirty-tiret,
1,443, a total of 4,481, which with the loss of 05
in the Twenty-seventh, makes the Republican
@ain 4,586, or 4,256 ahead of the net Tammany
gain

Walter B. Atterbury, chairman of the Repub-
lican County Coromittee in Brooklyn, is ereatly
Pleased at the heavy registrationin that boro:
Mr. Atterbury is also pleased with the re
of the registration in his own ward
third, the banner Republican) ward f the
county He said that 70 per cent. of the entire
vote had been registered during the first
days of this year and it meant
vote for the Hepublican nominees.
Shea, ohairman of the Kings Count
cratic Campaign Committee, conte

dard is going to

Assemble on the

  

the Twenty-

two
A tremendous
John L

Demo-
that the

|
|
|

Ibis Morning.
Ohto, Oct. 14--Willlam Jennings
very at the home of
Meriman street in this

AKRON
Bryan spent a
Grant on

quiet day

Judge C RR

city. He went to the West Hill Congregational
Chu rel Although Mr. Bryan usually attends
the Presbyterian Church, of which he is a mem-
ber, he expressed a desire to attend service

with the Grant family The church is a small
about a quarter of a mile from the Grant
walked Rev
“ollows Sin ”

one
residence, and the entire party

 

 

Jot. Davies snoke on “Suffering I
After the sery \ the pastor and members of
the eongtregation were introduced to Mr
Bryan

In the afternoon Mr. Bryan took a ahort
drive and received a number of local politl-
clans Mr. Bryan's train will leave Akron at
7 o'clock in the morning. To a reporter he

expressed satisfaction at his meetings in Ohlo
but declined to say anything as to his idea o
the result of the coming election

Removal Notice.

The National
Butchers’ & Drovers’ Batk

OF THE CITY OF NEW YORK,
located at Howery and Grard 86,
are now occupying their

NEW BANKING ROOMS,

BROADWAY, COR, THIRD ST.

WM. FL CHASE, Cacthter.

 

 

Formerly

———

 

 

\

7,