a

Ne eth a

ee

a

era

~aomeaate

 

ae

 

 

 

| The

MONDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1909.

'
i

Sabscriptions by Mall, Postpaid.

DAILY, per Month $0 50
DAILY, per Year 600
SUNDAY, per Year 200 |
DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Year ” +4

DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Month
Postage to foreign countries added
Tue SUN, New York City,

PARIS—lilosque No. 12, pear Grand Hotel, and
Kiosque No. 19, Doulevard des Capucines.

It our friends who favor us with manuseripts for
" publdeatton wishto have rejected articles reurned, (Ney
must tn all cases send stamps for thal purpose

82,400,000,000,
“Do any of you laboring
anything of your earnings?”

BUYAN the other day

Ihe Comptroller of the Currency can give
jon

save
Mr

men
asked

the ingenious questioner sore ifornial
on this point. He has been looking at the
figures of the savings banks, mutual and
stock, the great majority, however, being of
the former class, A Jittle nosegay of sta-
tistics for the Paramount:
1896 1900.
Total savings de
posits
Number of de
posttors...
Average de-
posit °

The bulk of the deposits {s in the purely
mutual savings banks, which hold in 1900
$2,134,471,180 and which held in 1806 $1,658
190,603, Here is a little “apparent — pros
perity of nearly $450,000,000, a gain of almost
twenty-five per cent, under the iniquitous
gold standard,

As illustrating Mr. Bryan's theory that
the poor are growing poorer, IC miny be said
that in 1888 the number of savings bank
depositors was 2,876,438. It almost
doubled since then

Two billion, four hundred million! There
is aggregated wealth for you, Mr. Bryans
There is plutucracy and there are the pluto-
crats, ‘‘ going on” six millions of them
and millions more are on the road, And
now, perhaps, you know whether the labor
ing man saves anything or not

$!,007,156,277 about $2.4 0,000,000

6 065,404 6,657,818

$374.50 02.18

has

The Life of the Republic.

Mr. Outver H. P. Bermont is the Bryan-
{te candidate for Congress in the Thirteenth
district. On Saturday night, speaking
from a truck at the corner of Tenth avenue
and Forty-eighth street, he said to the
American citizens there assembled

‘Lin no way exaggerate the situation when I say
the very existence of this republie turns on this elec
tion. If you want tomaintain this republic
and your Individual rights you will vote for that
great Jeffersonian Democrat, WILLIAM J, BRYAN,
and everybody who ts on the tleket with him."’

It happens that this prophecy and warn-
ing was uttered by Mr. BELMONT exactly
thirty-six years and eleven days after his
father, the late Avaust Bri_Mont, chair-
man of the Democratic National Commit-
tee in 1864 and a gentleman who was sin-
cerely apprehensive of the consequences of
ABRAHAM LiIncoun's reélection, had ad-
dressed his fellow citizens of New York
as follows:

“With you, under a benignant Providence, it rests
to determine by your votes on the 4th of November
the death or life of the noblest republic ever estab
lished among men.’

To the elder Mr. BeiMont the defeat of
Lincoun and the election of McCLELLAN
seemed the only thing that could save the
republic from speedy destruction, To Mr
O.H. P. Beumont the continued existence
of the republic depends on the defeat of
McKINLey and the election of BRYAN,

The Coming Bryan Demonstration,

Mr. RicHarp Croker issued orders that
Tammany should give Bryan on his visit to
New York to-morrow such an ‘ovation’ aa
was never given to a candidate in any city
ofthe Union. Undoubtedly the intention of
Tammany is to do that very thing and
that it will be able to makea great demon-
atration on the occasion is not less unques-
tionable

Tammany is the most consolidated and

centralized political organization in’ this
country in the world, for that matter
A large part of its following is directly
under ita pay as the present political

master of the second city of the world and
all its machinery of administration and
public improvement. Tammany,
fore, has at its call great gangs of work-
men dependent on it for their wages. It
has also subsidiary organizations in every
district Where the mass of Tammany voters,
many of them directly or indirectly de-
pendent on Tammany favors, are within
reach of the influence or
of its leaders. The numerous
General Committee takes in
tives from every crowded neighborhood
of the town and they are included because
they are powerful in organizing its regular
votera and dependents,

With all forces pulling together
earnestly, there is diMeulty in
many's getting out a chief part of its regu-
lar following for such a

there.

Tammany
representae

these
no

demonstration

 

the command |

 

Tam- |

as it is proposed to make in behalf of |
Brrawn, For ho a purpose it will also
be able to draw heavily on the Democratic
organizations in Kings, Queens, and Rich-

mond counties and from the populous
centres af New Jersey in the neighbor-
hood of New York They comprise, too,

a part of the population most available for
auch a purpose the part, in fact,
which is at command for it

That a hundred thousand
or many more than that can he colleeted
easily to cheer for Bryaw is shown by the
fact that in 1806 his supporters in New
York numbered 135,624; in Brooklyn, 74,-
882; in Queens, 11,080; in Riehmond, 4,452
to say nothing of the number in
neighboring New Jersey towns. A vast num-
ber of this multitude will obey orders and
will be on hand, andto them will be addeda
curious crowd who are opposed to Bryan
It fs acordingly entirely within the power of
Tammany to bring about Harper's
Weekly calls a “tumultuous welcome.”

Even if the supporters of Mr. MeKisiey

only

crowd of a

reat

    

what

were twice as many, they could not be got
together in any such way for any purpose
whatever They will vote at the electior

but they are not of the sort of
at the beck and call of any political
vation, On the Saturday

they will make, on their part

Inen to be
orran-
before election

ade

mhonstra

tion which will be far more impressive
for it will be spontaneons; and, more-
ver, only representatives of the trade and

business of New York specifically are to be
lowed to take part in= it rhe
Money Parade on Yovember 3 promises
to be equal magnifleent) proper
tions and its moral significance to the pa-
rade for the same purpose which

in its

took

place on the Saturday before the election
of 1806; but it will not be “ tumultuous,”
It will be the serious expreasion of the
determination of the great body of the
intelligence of New York; and it will be
the greater and the more imposing because
of the “ tumultuous” Bryan demonstra-
tion of seventeen days before,

Ihat is, the “ovation” to Bryan, in-
stead of making votes for him, will rather
awell the volume of the votes against him
The more “ triumphant " his journey from
Madison Square Garden to Cooper Union,
the louder the blare of trumpets and the
more brilliant the calcium lights, the greater
will be the determination of the sober tu
telligence of New York to beat him, ‘They
Will all serve only to intensify the alarm
his candidacy has caused and consequently
Will be worth to the sound money cause
far tore than they will be worth to him

Lhe tore the prominence given to BRYAN
the more portentous appears the peril of
candidacy; for the issue of this
cotmpaign, boiled downto its essentials, is

his
situply Bayan and Bryatiisin

The bugwer the Dammany demonstration
in his behalf, therefore, the more hopeful is
the cause of sound money
Bryan demonstration in the great capital of
American commerce and finance, with a
sight of the crowd making It, will exer-
cise a Wholesome influence on the doml-
nant political sanity of New York.

Schlaparelli's Jubllee,

The foremost Italian astronomer was
born in 1835, and at the age of 25, in 1860, he
became assistant at the royal observatory
offMilan, ‘Two years later he was appointed
director, and for thirty-eight vears he has
practically lived in his observatory, carry-
laborious series of researches

In November
up his

ig on that
which has made him famous
next he uive
nomical activity and retire

Phis epoch in SCHIAPARELL'S career has
been appropriately marked by a very digni-
fled and graceful memorial and address
lately presented to the veteran by thirty-six
of hits comprising the whole
group of Italian astronomers, The memo-
rial recites his lifeand services and gives the
title of each one of his 206 scientifle papers.
hose best known to the general publie re-
late to the Mercury, Venus and
Mars, especially to Mara. ‘There is little
doubt that a number of ScHIAPARELLI'S
conclusions must be modified; for instance,
it is in the highest degree questionable
whether Mars is fiited to sustain human life
even if human beings were to be placed on
the planet, Again, it seems to be certain
that the planet Venus revolves on its axis in
about twenty-four terrestrial hours, not in
225 days, as SCHIAPARFLT.1 announced,

While some of the conclusions of the
veteran astronomer will be modified in the
future, all must agree in appreciation of the
long series of planetary observations which
has set an entirely new standard for work
of the sort. Astronomers equally value
other portions of ScniAPARELLI's work,
He waa one of the group of scientific men
who first established the singular family
connection between comets and meteor
swarms. Aged comets break into pieces
and are followed by swarms of invisible
meteors, Which are the fragments of the
parent body. In time these invisible mete-
ors spread all around the orbit of the comet.
When the earth happens to cross this orbit
her attraction produces showers of visible
meteors; like the well-known August and
November showers, for example,

Of double and binary stara, SCHTAPARELIA
has made thousands of observations of
very high precision; and, indeed, there is
scarcely a fleld of observing or theoretical
astronomy that he has not entered.

All these things areset forth gracefully in
the memorial of his fellow craftsmen, and
a complete list of all his works and of all
his honors is given. He has received medals
from many scientific societies; has been
decorated with orders of knighthood from
Italy, Brazil and Russia; is a life Senator of
Italy, and an honorary member of scientifle
societies In every continent
strangely enough America.

At. the end of a long, labortous and sue-
cessful career GIOVANNI VIRGINIO ScHIA-
PARELLI retires to private life with the ad-
miration and respect of his colleagues and
the interested gratitude of the general pub-
lie. In his publie life he has not sought
ignoble ends, and his high-minded faithful-
ness has received its merited award in full
measure

proposes to astro-

colleagues,

planets

Changed Voting Requirements.

The total vote this year will be reduced
somewhat by the provision in the Louisiana

Constitution as to the educational and
ancestral qualifications required of the
voter. A similar provision adopted in

North Carolina does not go into effect un- |

til 1902 and will not, therefore, affect the
vote in this vear's election,

In three States, Colorado, Wyoming
Utah, there was female auffrage in
This year Idaho has been added to
the number, with a prospective increase In
the total vote on that account.

In Delaware the former requirement
of a residence in the voting precinct for

and
1806

fifteen days has been increased to thirty |

days as an obstacle to fraud in the voting;
and residence in the county has been ine
creased from one to three months

The Georgia method of restricting the
yote and excluding many of the indigent
white and all the indigent colored citizens
remains in foree as it was four years ago.
It provides that no elector shall be qualified
for suffrage unless he shall have paid all
his taxes since the year 1877.
with this provision grows harder each year,
and under it the total vote of Georgia,
which is a State increasing in population,
is gradually falling off. In 1876 the total
vote of the Cracker State was 180,000, In
the Presidential election of 1806 the vote of
Georgia was 160,000 only,

In Indiana, where under the regulations
of four years ago an alien who had resided a
year in the United States and six months

| inthe State, and who declared his purpose to

Sound |

beeome a citizen, was qualified for suffrage,
the latter portion of the requirement has
been omitted, There may bea falling off
inthe vote there

Washington, considerable

which has a

Indian population, still accords the suffrage |

to Indians who pay taxes, and Wyoming
retains the educational requirement that
electors must
Constitution

Idaho, ma considerable Mor.
mon population, excludes from the suffrage
and bigamists

Civilized Indians vote in Minnesota,

In the Presidential election of four years
ago the persons excluded from the suffrage
in Connecticut were thus grouped: Persons
convicted of felony or theft, persons who
had not resided in the State one year and
in the town six months, and persons who
were insane or idioti In October, 1897, a
Constitutional amendment limiting suf-

Which

nas

polygamists

\ tremendous |

except |

Compliance |

be able to read the State |

THE

| trage in the Nutmeg State was adopted.

| It requires that every person shall be able
to read in the English language any article
of the Constitutio or any section of the
statutes of the State before being admitted

| as an elector

) In Ofegon thirty days’ prior residence in

| the voting precinct ts exacted as @ CON |

dition of suffrage, ‘The propose l exten-
sion of voting to women in that State
{through a Constitutional amendment was
rejected at the June election

| Generally speaking, it will be more dif.
| cult to vote in the Presidential election
this year than it was four years ay.

| Tilden Avenue,

{ ‘There are two Vernon avenues in Brook-
| lyn, one in the astern or Williamsburg
distriet, and the other in the Twenty -ninth
' ward in What was previous to its cousolida
tion with Brooklyn the town of Flatbush
As a consequence of the misunderstanding
arising from the of two thor
oughfares of the same name in the same
borough, @ Humber of the residents of one
of the Vernon avenues have petitioned the
' Borough Board of the Righth Brooklyn
district to change the name to Tilden aves
nue in recognition of the great public ser-
vice of that distinguished statesman, The
object of the change as set forth in the
petition was to avoid a continuation of
the trouble due to mail matter being de-
layed in its delivery, and, as was stated
somewhat ruefully, to “ prevent the dis-
tress Which follows the frequent mistakes
needy strangers obliged to ask
some wive them car to take
them back to Vernon avenue, Pastern
district, their actual destination,”

On Dee, 12, nearly a year ago, the local
Borough Board approved the
change of name, but under Seetion 49 of
the City Charter it had no such authority,
the duty of regulating the numbers of the
houses and the naming of the streeta de-
volving, through if, upon the Municipal
Assembly

Accordingly, aa
the recommendation of
referred to the Municipal
considered it lust week
that by a provision of the Charter
power of naming and numbering
can be exercised only between the ist of
December and the tst of May of each year
authority

existence

made by

Ture

one to

stigurested

law preacribes
the board was
Assembly, which
only to discover

the

the

street

‘There is, therefore, no present
to change the name of any street until the
ist of December, if not later, and there must
continue to two Vernon avenues in
Brooklyn and no ‘Tilden avenue in either
borough of New York

The matter remains among the unfin-
ished business of the Committee of Streets
and Highways, with the very reasonable
probability that {t will remain so for some
time, there being no power vested in a
Borough Board to compel the Municipal
Asseml or either branch of it to adopt
or reject any proposed change in street
names, The safeguards against precipitate
and rash local legislation are numerous in
the present City Charter, even inthe simple
business of changing street names.

he

The Ten-Footers.

“Tell me the number of lobsters that a
nation eats,’ writes HFERMES TRISMPGIS-
tus, ‘and I will tell you the plane of civ-
| ilization which that nation has reached.”
* The Sage,™ says Mencives, “ should dis-
trust himself. The Lobster haa ten feet
yet cannot walk secure.’’ ‘ For psycholo-
gists, psychometrists and psychomants,”
Prof, Grorakt T. Lapp of Yale asserts, “a
judicious diet with a large proportion of
lobster, especially the claw meat, is advisa-
ble.’ “ For purposes of psychical research,”
adds Prof. Wintram James of Harvard, “I
have found crustacean food, and especially
the lobster, if used in connection with pure,
fresh milk and not earlier than midnight, of
the highest value in obtaining astounding,
if somewhat puzzling, results.”

Onthe other hand, Mr. Fowarn ATRIN-
BON testifies that he
lobster as an emblern of the Hell of War in
the Tropics and the raw one as a ravening
| robber and rampant imperialist."’ The Hon
| Winntam Lioyn Garrison's fine sonnet
in the ‘Agninaldo Album" is too little
known by amateurs
“Thos stalk-eved monster of the salt sea shore,
Caparisoned in mighty carapuce,

Fierce Robber Baron of the deep, at loose
| Among the feebier folk, grim carnivore,

Ry thre at last the murderer's meed of gore
| Is paid, nor lacks man's cruelty excuse
| The blood that was to thee a thing of use
Red on thy slaughtered carcass shows once more,

O, Lobster, Lobster, thou art not the first
Tyrantto perish at a stronger’s bands,

So may all perish who!n War aceurst

Take up the murthering gun, the bloody brands!
Tlove thee not, yet killed ‘galnst thy consent,
Thou arta symbol of free government.’

These severer views, hawever, cannot pre-
vail. The lobster is but too much loved,
Millions lie in wait to drive him along the
flaming path of martyrdom. In this town
and in other towns there are leisurely spirits
that deem it the chief end of man to con-
| sume lobsters. The eaters are many and the
lobsters all too few, Still, there is hope,
In the passionate words of Prof. Anro
BaTrs’s parody:

* And shall the Lobster dle?
And shall the Lobster die?
There's fifty thousand Boston men
ill know the reason why.”

And at length there is good news. Mas-
sachusetts has a brotherly feeling for the
lobster. The Marine Laboratory at Wood's
Hole is propagating lobsters artificially and
with noble results, ‘ The per cent. of pro-
duction in 1899," says the Boston Glohe,
‘‘was 90 per cent., and there is now sub-
stantial hope, what with the results gained
in Maine, for a prosperous future for the
lobster interest in New England.’ A pros-
perous future also for

Lobster Fricassee, Lobster Cutlets,

Lobster Ala Newburg, Brolled Live Lobster,

Lobster Salad.

And all the other forms and fancies in
which the gifted decapod contributes to the
happiness of mankind,

 

From Dix to Bryan.

once who
haul down the

There was a Democrat said
“If any one att mpts to
American flag, shoot him on the spot,’

The paramount chief of the so-called
Democratic party of to-day says, in effect
and substance: “If any man fires on the
American flag, haul it down

Judging from present indications, the season
st time w literm nate

The

of outdoor bieycling aval
with conspl uous honors for both sexes
revent remarkable performane» of Miss Manr-
GAneT Gast, who sought to excel that of Mrs
Jane LINDSAY for continuous century riding
and also, if possible, to beat the long-distance
record of W. H. Brows, places her in point of
time absolutely first among road ridersfor the
distance of 1,500 miles. Upon completing that
distance on Saturday morning Mi-s Gast was 2
hours and 40 minutes ahead of the woman's
record, held by Mrs. Linpsay, and 24 minutes
| ahead of the mark attained by Brown; and she

 

‘hates the cooked |

SUN, MONDAY,

 

 

expressed her determination to keep on. Un-
like her predecessors, however, Mies Gast did
not accomplish her great feat with freedom
from severe distress, At times she was ex-
tremely lame and was fat gued to the point of
collapse

The cycle season now closing has been full of
SUrpises and sensational exhibitions among the
racers, Firstone and then another bas taken
the lead, each being obliged to relinquish tt to
his supers rafter a comparatively short tine
Verbups the greatest conundrum among the
iniddle-distance riders bas been Mrcwarnt., who
up to the present vear was the terror of all
rivals. In the early summer his ractuhy showed
thathis old-tiine form had for the tine disav-
peared. tu the course of a few Weeks, however,
heseened to regain lis former condition and
becaine ab extremely dangerous contestant

It is fair to say that, of the season's perform.
inidde-distance racng have
elicited the most attention and applause, and
Prominent besides Micwabt,
have been kiwis, Preece, NELSON and Sain:
all Ayers, Neison, i*wy,
cutie forward and stariled even his
the ease with

tives, those in

in such events,

SiON, au uinateur in
this year
thos! sangulve acquaintances by
Which he overhauled bis competitors among
the professionals SUNSUS, alter meeting
With humerous setbacks at the besinuing of
the season, succeded a few weeks uo, at
Hrockton, in lowering the world’s track record
for 25 tiles by t moinute and 47 secouds

Following upon this came the reat one-hour
ride of Hanky biKes, which is regarded as the
inmost wonderful cycling achievement of the
year Etkks eclipsed all records, includ ng
STINSON'S, after the second mile, and in the 60
minutes covered 30 miles and 1,045 yards. Had
itnot been that a fog compelled him to slow
down, he unquestionably would have flnished
#0 titles in-id» of the hour,

With the increasing popularity of eycle racing
among women, itis hurd to predict what tnay
happen to the records in mot, If, however, the
crack pedaliers of the male sex ex) ect to be able
to defend their title, they will do well to look
after their form

The sketch which wereprint from the Manila
American is not presented aa au example of lit-
erary art, but as evidence of the spirit animat-
ing our soldiers who fac: death in the Philig-
pones for the honor of the flag. Itisas
attempt to express in an imaginative way the
terrible truth that Was brought home to us in
LAWTON'S letter,

Idier's

Gen

oe
THE REVOLUTION IN THE WEST.

Astonishing Changes in the General Political
Situation Stace ES06,

LINCOLN, Neb, Oct. 11 —-It is to be a battle
royal from now untill election day, The deter-
mination of the Republican National Committee
to carry this State for MeKinlev and to elect a
Republican Legislature that will name two Re-
publican Senators for terms of four and six
years respectively has aroused the opposition
and they are calling upon the Democratic Na-
tional Committee for the assignment of speak-
ers of equal prominence with the Republican
spellbinders. No statement can yet be made of
the personnel of the Democratic compaigners
The Democrats pines great faithin the week's
campaigning that Bryan has promised atthe
conclusion of his Rastern tour. They sav that
no matter how badly demoralized a vigorous
onslaught of the Republicans will leave their
forces, Br’ an’'s personality, h!s appeals and his
persuasiveness will bring order again, Or as
they put it

“These Republicans can do all the talking
they want: just let Bryan swing round the circle
after they have done talking and the ranks will
be closed up by him firm as ever.’

But the fact is being more and more firmly
impressed upon the Fusionists that they are
losing heavily among the farmers everywhere
Western farmers, despite their leanings toward

Populism, are conservatives, They are
the fellows who are content to let well
enough alone, The reason why they have

followed Populistic vagaries in the past is
that they have been the victims of hard
luck. All this has changed. The farmer to-cay
has money on hand and another big cropto
market at top prices. He does not see any dane
ger to the republic in tne continuanes of pres-
ent conditions, even though the pleais of the
old soecious character that ogee made Popu-
lism acceptable, Hedoes not give the Adminis-
tration eredit for bounteous rains or for the
acarcity of crors elsewhere, He does, however,
credit to MeKinley the creation of conditions at
home which keep employed toe men who con-
sume his produets: he does credit to him the
absolute confidence that obtains in commercial
circles. and which enables the farmer. to rely
upon a steady market and a dollar good for the
sane Amount at all times,

The political orators talk a great deal of guff,
but these are the plain facts about the Western
farmer and his stand in this campaign. A big
revolution isin progressia the West, The condi-
tions whicho ed four andsix vears ago and
Which were the primary cause of the hurling of
the Republican party from power inthis seetion
have disappeared and old conditions have been
valnsiated This means rearrangement along
the old political lines. Next year the Populist
party will have disappeared entirely as a politi-
cal factor And i's disappearance will be has-
tened by the approaching triumph of the Re-
in party
e are only two classes from which Repub-
) losses are expected. In some sections the
‘en-born voters have taken the alarm at

nilitarism, but they are asa rule too level-
headed to be permanently detached from the
party Among some of the labor.ng men who
have been continually emploved for veara
comes a complaint that they are not getting
their fair share of prosperity: that while wages
have iner*ased but slightly the cost of living is
proportionately much greater, The loss from
this class will not beso large, because many of
these noemploved in 1896 who are at work now
were Bryan supporters then because they he-
Hoved in his prophecies; now they know better
and will vote differently.

In brief, Bryan stands to lose many more
votes inthe central and weatern States than he

 

  

   
 

 

  

 

can hope to win from the opposition in the
eastern section
All the Ademecs.
TOTHE FMITOR OF THR SUN—Sfr;: This morn-

ing’s papers give President Eliot's votes for the ten
greatest American publicists for the Hall of Fame
The first three names upon his list are:

1, John Adams

2. Samuel Adama

8 John Quincy Adams

May I say thatI am surprised that President Eliot
did not complete his Hst thus:

4 The Old Adam
Adam's Apple
Adam's Fall
Charles Franets Adams.
Adam's Ale.
9 Adam's Needle.
10, Adam's Flannel.
Yours for health, xX.
NASSAU CLUB, Princeton, N. J., Oct. 13.

The Porsult of the Greased Pig.

To THR Eprror or Tum Sun. Sir: I have
read |n a recent issue of your paper an account of the
chasing and killing of a greased pig. by men and
women, at Ridgewood Park, It {s often surprising to
me, when reading such articles as that above re
ferred to, that we have the temerity to call ourselves
a ‘civilized nation,” and to boast of the advance of
our country

To deliberately chase @ living animal by nature
endowed with feelings undoubtedly keen (probably as
keen as ourown): to pursue this helpless creature for
an hour and fifteen minutes; to stab it with knive
aud hat pins, could only be the work of those astow
as or lower thon savages, In the seale of humanity

We hear a great deal of the advantage of Vivisec

tional operations, of the enlargement cf ideas that
thissocalled selentife training gives tO thuse who
enjor it) but it seems to me that itis a repulsive mode
of instruction, and that those capable of entoylug

FuNae

 

such operations have also @ capactty for enjoying
murder

No wonder that vivisection Issuch a brutalizing
pastime, when tne mere killlog of beasts can so de

grade not only butehers, but thelr wives, that they
can deliberately enwage in the “sports” you have de
tailed for your readers
LUigl GALVANIT DOANE, M.D,
New York, Oct, 18

 

Bright Prospects in Washington Siate,
roma Prira’e Lete
If you people back fa New York State
we doin this State this year Meinl will goin with
a bigeer majority than he did the frat time.
all signs fall, he will carry this State
majority than Bryan did four years ago
(hut here we are a little fearful that New York State
may go wrong. I donot know, in my acquaintaner
of asingle person who voted for McKinley four years
ago wh») will not vote for him this year, and I do
know of quite a number of men who worked and yoird
for Bryan who this year will vote for McKinley,
ELLENSbURG, Wash,, Sept. 26

do as wellas

I niess
Ya bigger

OCTOBER 15, 1900.

 

|
|
|

|
|

 

 

 

rr

“ MILITARISN."

A Soldier's Corception of "The Love That
Endareth After Death.”
From the Manila American
‘Somewhere tu a desolate wind swept place
lwo ghastly shapes met face ty face.”

Said the tirst speaker, in a voice that seemed
tocome from beyond the grave, “Who were
you before you died?"

“LT was a soldier, sir,” the other replied

“In what army?’

‘The best one inthe world the ever victori
ous army of the United States.”

“What wares were you in?’

“Tn the Spanish-American War and in the
Philippine insurrection '

* Pell ine, now, what brought you here?”

"Well when President McKinley called for
volunteers, J my duty to go aid
flehtugaiost( Spain, Pleft wa fair bome, bright
prospects, alluring promises of wealth and ad
comfort, friends and
Was near and doar to me lor
tu shoot at the enemy witha

the thought of coming to the
‘teres joy which

 

deetied it

Vancenient, ease and
fasuily, wll that
aho,portunit

Springtield rifle
Philippines tiled nie with that
Warriors feel, and Leheerfully endured all the
hardships and prvations whigy the troops of
the tlestand second expeditions expertenced tn

 

Cross tg the ocean. When we pitched our little
tents in Comp Dewey and saw the Spanish
banner floating o'er Port San Antonio every

thaniothe outfit was willing to die in the at-
tetapt to holst the Stars and Stripes in its place
I was in the fight that occurred on the night of
July 40,andon the ‘glorious 13th of Al wust' I
Was one of the many Americans who entered
Manila. Inthe captured city we watched and
walted while the Peace Commissioners pala-
vered in Paris

“Hutthe fatal 4th of February put an end
to the uneertuinty. The {nsurgents declared
War against the United States, and American
ruldiers proveeded to ‘trample oul the vintige
wrath were stored’ [fell
aken, and itis not for me to
the war. | was killed in
Jefore the fight was fin-
short my career

Where the grapes of
before Malolos was
the history of

Muarilao.

reheurss
the battle of
ishied a Remington bullet cut
Asmy eyesight gras dim ltook alast look at
the tattered battle flag of the Tenth Pennsyl-
vania Infantry ayd thanked God that I was not
"Success to Old Glory,’ Lsaid and
miy fled. bventua'ly my bones were
shipped back to America and the coffinin-
seribed with my name was lowered into a sol-
dier's grave juthe churchyard of ny native
town. [| was lait away in that sacred, peaceful
place to sleep my last sleep
“Butit ‘that there
cause the dead to rest uneasy
My were
strange and startling rumors, The report that
candidate did openly advocate
the lowering of ‘Old Glory’ in the Philippine
Islands fairly routed me out of thetomb 1
was only the shadow of my former self, but it
there was the ghost of a show Il wanted to know
the truth. My apparition crossed the ocean
Inspirit Lam witathe brave boys who are out
here upholding and defending the flag. Al-
though they knew not that Iwas there, I have
been withthe men who are fighting for the
United States, for liberty, justice, civilization
and righteousness in a tropical e untry under
adverse conditions, Invisible, but ab‘e to see, [
Visited the hiding places of the insurrectos, I
which these vil-

held out

afraid to die
spirit

be things that
in their graves.’
disturbed by

is said,

dreamless  slumbers

a Presidential

sawthe manner of warfare
lians, encouraged by false hopes
by recreants in the United States, are endeav-
oring to carry on. [| saw plainly and unmis-
takably that if it were not for the foolish ideas
which the Fillpinos entertain as to the outcome
of the fall elections Aguinaldo could not hold
out a day longer. I saw it all. Henceforth I
will bea skeleton at the feast of guilty politi-
clans. I willhauntevery man inAmerica who
places party success above the honor and pres-
tige of his country. My curse is upon every
one that encourages the insurgents to continue
their useless struge@le. Be he high or low, Re-
publican or Democrat, he shall not sully the
flag for which our lives were given. The sug-
gestion that any Giovernment whatsoeyershould
be substituted in the Philippine Islands for that
of the United States is a wanton insult to every
Americen soldier, living or dead

“My grave fears may be groundless, But if
affairs are anywhere near what they are rep-
resented to be it is indeed my melancholy duty
to ery, ‘Hark, from the tombs.’ If from the
shadowy world the dead may bring a message
to the living, I sav: Palsied be the hand that
would attempt to haul down the American flag.
Withered be the tongue that urges a relinquish-
ment of the sovereignty of the United States
Accursed be the man who inspires the insur-
rectos tocommit additional depredations, May
the mark of Cain be upon the brow of the
wretch who instigates savages to butcher his
own countrymen.”

THE COMMFRCIAL TRAVELLERS.

Grotesque Untrath of the Claim That They
Are Mostly Brvanites,

To THR Enrton or THe ABA
New Yorker anda commercial traveller, T take
pleasure in reporting the result of a personal
canvass made by me this week, and of one made
by atriend of mine, also a travelling man, dur-
ing the last two weeks of his teavelling.

1 have personally talked with forty-five tray-
elling man tofind that three of that number
will cast a Bryan ballot and forty-one vote the
MeKinlev and ticket The forty.
fifth man seemed to be on the fence, a hopeless
Musgwump

My friend interviewed fifty men, all conmer-
cial travellers, and found but two who will sup-
port Bryan at the polls, while forty-eight will
cist ballots lor MeKinley and Roosevelt

I think these figures should indicate the gen-

eral feeling of the travelling men on the road
to-day, and should refute the gross falsehoods

Rr~ Sir

loosevelt

  
   

of certain Bryanite papers, Which ussert that
commercial travellers are “flocking to the
Bryan standard

I might add that at a recent druggists’ meetin

Se enone

Toledo, Ohio, a canvass was made with the fol- |

lowing result: Twelve States were represented
among the seventy-eleht druggi-ts who at-
tended the meet, of the seventv-eght vores
aixty-six will be cast for McKinley and twelve
for Bryan, or, one might say, one vote for
Bryan to each Stat’

T hone you will give this report «pace, and
that these flg@ures will “hearten up" sone of
my po sibly_misied brothers of the grip

CORNING, N, Y., Oct, 12 H. F. Adams,

  

Plain Qoestions to Mr, Bryan.

To THR Eniror oF THE Sirs “Honest
men wiliadmit,” says Mr Hryan, in h!s North Ameri
can Review article, “that from the very beginning |
have been wholly of one mind as t) what we should
do with the Philipines’ Now, If Mr. Bryan
never changed his mind, there are some matters he
willhavetoexplain, Mr. Bryan made a special trip
to Washington,“and labored with the opposition to
secure the rativeation of the Treaty ef Paris With
out this efforten bis part, says Senator tHloar, the
treaty could not bave been ratified, All this he did
with the firm determination that the Philtpp' nes should
not become the property of this country. ‘Thus Bryan
stands convicted outof his own mouth of favoring the
treaty without acquiring the property

Just what the voler wants to know Is, was Col
Bryan, who held a commission in the army of his
in the employ of Spain, to buneo this coun
If not, why did he lab r4o
1,090,000 for, as he thinks,

suN

has

countly
try ontoft $20,000,000 7
earmestiy to pay Spain $2
no value received?

If, on the other hand, it was, as he sald to Senator
Hoar, fora “ political issue two wears hence; ts the
man who takes $20,000,900 from the United States
Treasury to secure an issue to make
dent the man we want to trust In that exalted po
sitlon? F.T. &,

RocnkSTER N.Y., Oct 13

himself Pr

The Free Cotnage of Clamshells.

THe Eniror or THRE SUN—Sir: If any
readers feels that he isstllilin the dark as to

To

of your

 

   

the true Inwardness of the money question, and the
clementary nature of many of the queries on this
sublect answered from time to time in Tht Stn
would seem to lndieste that there are many seeh
troubled minds= let hin read tt rerount am
Ivieft's projects for the su; sslor erty
and of his attempt t) inflate the currence New
Amsterdam by establishing the free colnage of clar

Shelis at theratho of six shei.sto one English penny,

so ®raphically set forth tn Irving's Knickerbocker

history Let him read this and he will cast his vote

for Willam McKinley in the full consciousness of

knowing What he Is voting for STROLTUMANN,
“— YORK, Oct, 13,

          

POLITICAL CALENDA 1900,

 

 

Election Day, Tuesday, Nov. 6. Polls open
6A. M.; polls close 6 P. M,

Remaining registration days in olties of the
first class of theState of New York (New York,
Brooklyn and Buffalo)

Priday, Oct. 10,74. M. to 10 P, M.

Saturday, Oct, 20,7 A.M. to 10 P.M.

Hegistration days in cities and villages of
6,000 or more inhabitants, elsewhere than in
cities of the first class, are held on the same
days as in those cities, from 6 A.M. to@P, M.

‘The remaining registration day In election
districts other than tn ef'ies or villages of $,000
inhabitants ts

suturiday, Oct, 20, fromo9 A.M. tod P.M.

 

SEA KEPAIRS ON 1A LORRAINE.

Hier Engineers Pat lo a New Connecting Rod
While the Swift Ship Rolled aod Pitched.

Ihe French steamship La Lorraine, biggest
and swiftest of Gallic merchantmen, arrived at

vesterday after a tumultuous passage

her pier

from Tavee, on which her engineers distingulsh-
ed themselves by asclever a bit of repairing a4
ever Was done on a liner in @ seaway fhe

Lorraine, ran into heavy weather the first day
out and shipped a big eomber that smashed
the port hawse pipe and carried away the anchor
dunaling from the port bow, At @ o'clock on
Monday night Chief Engineer Jean Vallin, who
observed that there was a

Wie in his) room,
chanwe in the song of the port engines, He
knew that something was out of gear, Second

Engineer Gerby, who was standing on the steel
stairway just abaft the low-pressure cylinder,
noted the difference in the vibration as soon as
his superior and ran up to the ehtef’s room and
told lim that something seemed to be the mat-
ter with the connecting rgd of the low-pressure
engine

Kefore leaving his post Gerby had slowed
the port engines, The chtef ordered
stopped and immediately made an in-
vestigation. He found that the upper part of
the connecting rod was cracked, If the en-
w®ineers had not discovered that the great ma-
chine Was out of tune there might have been

down
them

  
 

mischief in the ship after the connecting To
broke

Chief Engineer Vallln called Capt. _Potfrot
Into nstuitution and the captain informed

 

Kugene de Bocande, agent of the French Line
at this port, who was a passenger. The en-
gineer stirmised that he would be able to muke
the port engines just a= good ua new by taking
out Che broken connecting rod and substituting
a sdDare rod from the hold

The duplioate rod weighs about five thousand
pounds, and the alert mechanics of the French-
man had a bard time brining it Into place
While the stearoship was rolling in heavy seas,
the crests of which frequentiv eame aboard
The ship was also pitebing somewhat and the
workinen had to hold on at times by their exe-
brows and their toenails, metaphorically speak-
ings But the liner was not sloweddown a bit
on her starboard engines. They sent her along
at three-quarters speed and she anchored off
the Bar at 2 o'clock yesterday morning. The
enfineers had the old shaft out and the new
shaft in after laboring hard and carefully for
fifty-four hours Then the Frenchman pro-
ceeded at full speed) She made on the nautical
day ending at noon on Thursday 500 knots,
wiich is nore than ane French passenger car-
rier had ever reeled off before. She is capable
of doing mueh better than this in pleasant
weather Her commander believes that even-
tually, when she “finds herself,” she will do what

 
  

 

was expected of her by her builders-—-that is,
average about twenty-two knots on a voyage
“CTOs 30

Janes Gorden Bennett was among the pas-
sengers who inspected the work of the French
mechanics, Other passengers aboard La
Lorraine were Gen. Abbott, M. Hutin and
W. Nelson Cromwell of the Panama Canal
Company (ien. Abbott said that he believed
the Americans would finally decide in favor
of the Panama route for a canal across the
isthmus, and that even if the Nicaraguan

route were completed it would not prevent those
interested in the Panama project from putting
it through

TYPHOID GERMS IN APPLES,

Inmates of the Susquehanna Orphans’ Home
Attacked With the Fever.

BINGHAMTON, N. Y., Oct. 14. For the second
time within « few months inmates of the Sus-
quehunna Valley Orphans’ Home, coming
from all parts of the State, have heen poisoned,
and this time by typhoid fever germs con-
ceuled ina basket of apples, The first poison-
ing Was from « quantity of corn beer, and
though the little ones were severely ill there
were no fatalities. Recently a half bushel of
apples was sent to the home and a score of
ehildren ate of the truit. Simultaneously
each child was taken with a severe attack of
typhoid fever. The health authorities were ut
first at a loss to weeount for the outbreak
They ransacked the premises, but found every-
thing in good condition, Then the apples
were thought of, and an examination convinced
them that the germs originated from the fruit,

 

WESTERN MILLERS FIGHTING:

 

 

A Spat Between the Grinders of Kansas and
> Minneapolis.

ToOPFRA, Kan., Oct. 14. A fight ts on between
Kansas millers and the big millers at Minne
upolisy Minn, Reeently the big millers ad-
vertised extensively that they did not grind
Kansas wheat into four because of ite inferior
quality Kansas millers,
whe Minneapolis to in
vestigute. This committee reported that several
hundred carloads of Kansas wheat had been
shipped direct to the big mills To-morrow
Kansas millers will meet here and denounce
the Minneapolis millers and appeal to Kansas
wheat growers to refuse to deal with all dea!-
ery, Who buy for shipment to the Minnesota
mills

angered the

mmittee to

This

sent a er

 

THE MISSISSIPPI Mien,

 

Island Farmers Lose Corn, Hay and Cattle and
Hogs.

GALENA, TH, Oct) 14-—-The official records
in Weather Observer Bowie's office show that
the present stage of water in the Mississippi
is higher than it has been for sixteen years at
this the vear The river is rising
steadily and a stage of fifteen feet will be
marked Island farmers below Galena nave
lost all their corn and hay and hundrede of
head of cattle and hogs have been drowned
At this season of the yvear Mississippi River
towns repair their levees, but this work has
been stopred by reason of the advance of the
water, which has caused the destruction of
thousands of dollars’ worth of property

season of

To Commemorate the Founding of Yale
College.
NEW Haven, Oct. 14 Mra. Godfrey Dune

combe of this city met the Selectmen of Bran-
ford, Conn, in that town yesterday and
selected a site upon which will be erected a
tabl-t commemorating the founding of Yale

College, Thasiesecle teiisa triangu'ar piecs
of land near the contre ofthe town, This action
has the apt rovalot the Connecticut Society of
Colonial Dames, whom Mrs. Dunscombe repre-
reuts, andalsoo. the oMcials of Yale University

Dr. Sven Hedin'’s Journey in Central Asta,
From the London Standard,

Dr Sven Iledin, according to the latest ré.
port, reached Abdal, on the Tarim River, in
eastern Turkestan, on June 27. He states that
the Tarim is the largest river in the interior of
He surveyed the river from Arghan to
Abdal in a ferryboat From Jeggeli-ku
where the river becomes a multitude of small
lakes, he continued his journey ina eraft made
up of three canoes lashed together, with a deck
surmounted by a felt tent. inthe beginning of
Mareh he taade an excursion from the Yungi-
hol, where he had he water camp, to the
routhern slope of the Karruk-Tagh Mountains
where he surveved the Kumdarya bed of the

Asia

tarim, Which is now dry In the neignborhood
he found the m orks of large a dried-up inke
'

prooably the old Lob-Nor, wheh lies east of
the present Lob-Nor, orratherthefour lakes ais-
covered by timiintsw6 The dry soil was covered
with # thics laver of stlt and millions of mnesel
shell, while tt banks held many withered
reed, dead trees, consisting exclusively of
poplars ard ruins of houses, fortifieations
temples, &e, which were often adi rned with
intistie wood carvings. Dr. Hedin intended to
return to this region in the auturnn

In the iniddie of the desert he found and in-
vestigated a larger lake of salt water and then
returned to his winter camp. During bis stay
at Abdal he wrote down several aongs sung for

 

  

 

<

 

many generations by the Lob-Nor men when
they were fishing When he left this distret
the thermometer registered forty-two deurees<
hove zero, Cel iu Whereas it falls to thir

 

two degrees below zero during tie winter

Open the Coop.
TO THE EDITOR OF THR SUN~Sir: Perhaps
Chick Doob can ereep into the distinguished ¢ ompany
of notables. He is on Broadway usually,

New York, Oct. 13, LED.

WILL TRY TO WIPE OUT MORMONISy,

 

Williamsburg Pastors Stirred Up by lis Growth
in the Eastern District,

The rapid growth of Mormonisin tn
Hameburg bas stirred up the clergymen ong
a movement is under way for Wiping ious 4
gether, if that ts possible, by a ®eperal oven,
on the part of the Protestant churehes |)
Rev, Sydney Herbert Cox, the pastor of the |.
Avenue Congregational Church, preached +,
ts lurge congregation last night on “The Pe
of Mormonism.” “These,” said the preach,
“are proved again and again by tnissionar
of the Protestant churches who know of and tay
Iived In the vile atmosphere of Utah, There \s
w dense ignorance among Christians a4 tot).
horrible Babylon, The greatest peril jo
in the marvellous methods adopted by the
for proselyting. Two years ago they}. |
1,700 missionaries absolutely devoted to th.
cause and they gained 65,000 converts In one
yeur. Their activity is a standing Judgment
on the supineness of Protestant opposition.”

LOVE AND POLITICS MIXED,

A Kansas Lover Galos His Bride br Promis-
ing to. Vote tor McKinley.

Topena, Kan., Oct. 14> President MeKinley
gained the vote of Matthew Mersch in Mitchell
county, Kao,, yesterday in a peculiar way, The
young nan, a stanch Bryan supporter, mar-
ried Mivs Anna Smith, andafter the ceremony
and {n the presence of 200 persons he sald
that his father-{n-law gave permission to
the daughter on condition that he should vote
for McKinley. There were served to the guests
a beef, fifty fowls, three hogs, twelve kegs of
beer and a fifteen-pound cake, A big tent was
used asa dining room,

 

 

OIL EXCHANGE FOR CHICAGO,

A Now Trading Institation for Handling Of]
and Mining Stocks.

Cuicaao, Oct. 14 —The Chicago Oil and Mill-
{ing Exchange is the latest gnd promises to
become one of the most tmportant of Chicago's
trading exchanges. ‘The institution was re-
cently incorporated under the laws of Illinois
with a large capital and is controlled entirely
by Chicago capitalista, Offices have been
opened in the Stock Exchange Building, the
exchange proper being on the first floor of that
building and the offices being on an upper
floor

Heretofore mining and oil stocks have been

dealt in on the Stock Exchange, but the need of
& separate exchange tor dealing in these two
lines of stocks has long been manifest, The
new concern will operate on @ different basis
from any other exchange in the country, — Its
stocks will all be handled through an organisa:
tion of bankers and financiers recently formed
in California witha view to protect the investing
public from worthless Western stocks

The officers of the new exchange are as fol-

 

lows’ President, Joseph bE. Collender; Vice-
President, Charles G. Thompson; Secretary,
J. LL. Balk directors, H.C. Goddard, Charles

Kk. Obermyer, Special agents have been in
the West for several months, securing lists of
such mining and oil companies as the new ex.
change believes to be reliable as investment
yroperties. Several rieh oll discoverics have
beeh made in California recently and the de-
mand for ofl stocke has been great These
stocks, the output of independent companies,
are much sought after by Eastern investors
and the idea of the new ex« hange is to list these
stocks and in a measure stand sponsor for their

real worth. The local, exchange will have
branch offices at San Francisco, Denver and
Los Angeles,

 

THAT STOLEN STRADIVARIUS,

 

Sons of a California Violinist to Claim the
One Found tn Brooklyn,

San Francisco, Oct 14—The sons of Nelson
Bartholomew, a violinist, who died last night
at Port Bosta, will probably lay claim to the
famous Stradivarius which was stolen from
the late Prof. Jean Joseph Bott of New York
and later foundin Brooklyn. Bartholomew was
al Michigan man who crossed the plains with
the Mormons. At Salt Lake, where he played
in the temple, an Englishman gave him an
old violin which he said was a genuine Stradi-
varius. Several vears later it was stolen from
him by a German orchestra leader in San Fran-
cisco = Bartholomew. could get no trace of
it until he read of the discovery of a Stradi-
varius in New York. He was confident that
it was his. The sons say they can identify
the violin by certain marks and will try to
recover it

A Stradivarius was stolen from Prof. Bott
in March, 1895, and was found at the home of
Mrs. Amelia Springer of 855 Jay street on Aug
17 last. She said that she had bought it from
one of the patrons of her tailor shop and in-
tended to present it to her son.

 

 

Herbert Spencer Compares Boer and English.
From Reynolds's Newspaper,

Mr. Herbert Spencer, writing on the 24th {nst. from
f Percival terrace, Brighton, has addressed the fol-
lowing letter to Mr. Leonard Courtney

“Hag there been prepared and published a eom-
parison between the Constitution and doings of the
so-called Boer oligarchy and the Constitution and
doings of the English oligarchy before the Reform
bit

“It wou'd embrace, among other ftems:

“1 Fngland Permanent exciuston from the fraa-
chise of the greater partof the population though of
the same hiood

“Transvaal. Temporary exclusion from the fran-
chise of a molety of the population consisting of
aliens

“2. Fingland.—The corn monopoly maintained by
the whole of the landed classes for thetr benefit at the
cost of semi Starvation of the poor

“Transraal. The dynamite monopoly sald to be
maintained by the Boer oligarchy for personal enda at
the cost of a sprinkling of Rreedy capitalists.

“3S. England. The determination of the landed
classes to matntain their monopoly, constitutional and
material, overcome only by the danger of revolution,

‘Transraal. The much smalier opposition to ge
form on the part of the ruling classes !n the Trans-
vaal '

‘4. England.-The corruptions set down in the
Black Book familiar in pre-reform days,

‘Transvaal. The corruptions ascribed to the Beer
oligarchy

“Itseems to methat such a comparison should be
widely diffused and strongly emphasized.’

Southern Basiness Men for McKinley,

From the Baltimore Manufacturers’ Record, Organ @f
Southern Interests.

There are thousands of bustness menin the South
who may not believe in all that is meant by McKin-
leyism, still, because hey realize that there {s nothing
inthe hue and cry about “the overthrow of the Re-
public’ and the “trampling under foot of the Declara
tlon of Independence’ and the “annihilation of the
Constitution’ that the Bryanttes say would result
from Mr. McKinley's re#lection, and because, on the
other hand, they fearthat Mr Diryan's election would
be likely todisturb existing satisfactory business con
dittons—for these reasons they are hoping for Mr.
McKinley's re@lection. They may not approve of all
of the acts of Mr. McKinley's party, but they do be
Neve in sound money, and many of them also in pro-
tection and in the upbullding of our mereantile ma
rine, The conscientious man, whether he be Northern
or Southern, basa duty to perform, and that duty isto
vote according to his honest convictions without re-
gard to party aMitations

 

* Abd English Electton Story.
From the Birmingham Gasette.

The following story ts told about Northampton am@
Mr. Labouchere

“One of my mates has a Iittle invalid girl that's
very thoughtful, and the questions she asks are most
surprising. She'd often heard Bill talking to the
inissis about the war and who was to blame for it,
and one night she says

"*Taddy, did God make Lanby”

“And Dill he thought a bitand says:

"Yes, love-1i suppose so,’ he says.

“So she thought a bit more, and she says:

“"Whatfor, daddy”

“BU Was never so staggered.
ering capon, but it was no good

“It's surprising what hard questions children ean
ask.”

He put his consid

Bishop Tabooes Matrpins,

 

From the Christian World
The Bishop of Liverpool has issued a new code of
rules for confirmation He desires that girls sh 1
refrain from the use of long plos in tue halr, ast
presence of such plos fre ent Tesuite in ¢

Hishop's fingers being lac

on hands"

rated during the “lay.

Marie Corelli on Her Own Modesty.
Fromithe Free Lance.
1 bave never written anything In my life with ad?
sire to be praised for it. And I never, though ef"
accused of doing so, “advertise mysell.”