A

~_- =a

 

: ae

Se I TR SS TE rR oe, FT EE Eg

en

tte eh Ve tye emer

HUM ER en aren ow

 

 

IN THE Fe

CONCIVSIONS DRAWN FROM SATUR-
DAY'S IMPORTANT GAMES.

\OTBALL WORLD;

Various Excuses Offered for the Poor Showing
of Colambia'’s Team at Cambridge How

Harvard Compares With Yale and ola
Penn—Tigers Stull Behind hand In Flay,
the unex.

Though sorely disappointed over
pectedly poor showing of their ‘Varsity eleven
op Saturday, Columbia men ate not willing to
turn their backs upon ther @ridiron repre-
sentativesa They fully realize that the Ine
tution, a beginner in tnters viingiate f
ball, cannot be expected to vanquish old and
expertenced rivals until the game in this city
has been developed and the local university
hecovees an attraction for Interscholastic ma-
terial. There wore many excusen offered yeas
terday by those widergraduates who acoon-
panied Sanford’a men to Cambridge rhey
pointed to the fact that the Columbia eleven
was up againat the #tronmest Harvard teatn
that hae been placed on the @ridiron thie year

t
00

  

  

that a crowd of 6,000) partisan “rout-
ern” cheered the Crimaon players
incessanty while there was comparatively |
no encouragement for the Blie and White

men; that the absence of Bruoe, the star right
taokle, who had his nose broken tu practice last
Thurday, caused a atate of ch exist in
the rush line, which was increased by the +

at

  

forced absonce of several other mood players
who had been debarred by the faculty, that
Harvard's punting game ar ferful
fleetiess of Left End Camy! to |

the rock upon which Colum! were

shattered, because the latter» backs could not

 

 

 

 

   
 

punt thernse' ves and were als sable to cate!
kioks sent to them from the Harvard buck feld
that the touchdown seored the Crt: ide
of the firat mintte of pia ved to unnerve
fanford’s men, who beeame rattled to sir
an extent that team play and «tenn sent
up in smoke that the halve rare x
mintites each, which was a lonmer tiine than
Columbia had played thia vear and much long
than any other eleven tad beer ed t
stand up before the Crimeor na thie vee
consequentiv if was eneay the ( np
win 80 Inpresatvely These are niv a fe
of the excuses, but they all point faet
that Colurntla was wrently assed I
playing poor foot! a ' +) g
But ‘Varsity football elever .
prove nas the season grows ter nd Con
Banford hopes to bolster ur “4 bin te
in sucha manner that the University of I
evivania may be pre t te a
another crushing defeat on next wat ay at
hiladeiphia Nobod at. Colur , . -“
the courage to predict anything Yoent ih
impressive victory for the Quakers, tl rh
the fact that Hrown Universit held the
down to 12 points should t be st alg
of during thie week's practice at ( imbia
Field. Before conden: ' a efforts
to build up a tearm, it should be requemhered

that the echedule arranged by Manager WoW
Shoemaker for this yeu arduous
ever undertaken by a'Varst!

ia the most

y eleven, for w

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

     

 

 

 

Nut against Brown,

   

 

 

 

   

 

    

   

 

   

 
 

 

 

 

 

   

 

eleven of the season
much atronger than the Quakers’ other op
ponents, “Pennay's” eleven wae able to make
only two touchdowns, both the firet half,
It is anid that the Quakers played poor football
In the seoond hal and that they
should have added to their soore,
but the fact remains that the Brown
eleven put the Philadelphians to heir firat
real test of tho season and dleclosed many
weak points in their makeup All of whieh
thows that only hard games benefit a bla
"Varsity cleven, easy inarks wenerally proving
to be a detri nt beenuse of the creation of
overconfidence
Ae has been the case yen and year ont |
the ematie ages «al freased mt ath |
this fail. Willintns ha wate o end of talk
because of the O war vith Colurntla last
week atid the (2-0 got i furvard the
vek pres is loart t howlng againat
Yale mn Saturday wae exce ', considering
the heavy rush and + ‘ of the |
Hilden ‘ iat ' * Quak |
wus t foothold |
playe ! e "Big Four
Wim) fe Cornell ft
disc vhickdle rriade thie
Thee re worth, Tt Wis
het tittle eollege
we flees, the big
fellows of {ng them w scores wet
fs hiteh aed Then it was that lenee |
of * game was confined ‘ ! univers |
it With the insugunre it he comehin
etn, | hYule and Peincet i feat
their mett browdowat, the little wa begun |
t ecome t @gentanda wii tally dan
. i” Jia thy ins t It imay not b
all eurprising ff seam fo the ernaller colleges
jrag the ble tie in the There is
h fiw toy inprovemne r this kind |
‘ gts 4! f re
; |
More | rrant games i) t plaved thia |
week — ¢ Wednesday Columbia will play }
Stevens | tiite { t a walk. |
r ‘ i meet the at g Svraciuse |
ers ' d and the Penns
e ewe eleven i OUD Await |
ale far { willt trest tr r?
{ nedit o the Weat | t |
‘ the latte shbattlaw fon Saturd
The i 4 ived ‘
+ tree and Harve iil not enloy a
! * gg hetwoe f ette ind
Ir ne Nd N ' ° 4n.e da !
' ‘ ia ‘ i at eiey
‘ Columbia, it is |
'¢ ' A ' n ® gaine wit!
t? . " y 1 on Pranklir
t ! Yale oa {1 have eas time w
Meslevan, | I aA sure to expert
‘ ‘ ‘ flict Chieag |
“ att er i |
f all elerwe \ York U nivarsity
t ’ j Tif ines 5
. te haa te venr le }
ele ) i ho !
! teri f ara it
hare
{ the pas eekaheha
| } oT, A 2 I ©. 3 ‘
' i * | my Busse Fe
t | ‘ \ Fou nss
MEI I i Th evr th
« ele t ‘ forty-three '
v 1 live futes f ywitre
! od ‘ ave we ! ! the
. 1 " ‘ ! ‘ af
Las ir the tens ‘ cairist
( bia eramed 17 | wher °
‘ “ prt ug time
I fhe « est ’ bee e ex
' nh @ettine ‘ entre Five,
I ' i e erm |
4 1 1 pret t he |
1 f kle and ¢ ally,
j ere ‘ f
‘ frees
{ ‘ ‘ 1
. te ble te

 

 

       

 

  

‘our weeks Sanford’s men have been slated
in meet fiarvard, Old Ponu, Yale New Flaven, Get a4
ton ‘hia task entitles e plave tert | t to New II thie
etiticiem even ff they prove to be easa ' dia tle it
ofthefour contests. Coach Sanfordisnaturs 1 ai '
much cut up over thesbowing madeat Harvard, | v ed
but he believes that the defeat will pr js hw one, t ‘
beneficial results in that it will convince the ‘ I e '
eleven that the hardest kind of work is nece Roodst 6
eary to prepare for the other rematutig ims f at py
@not games offe ; x :
There was considerable kicking on the part “ ie
of the Columbia men in the @ ame with Harvard | defeut | wd and
as to the decisions of the offietals, and yester f wh ’ '
ey there came a report from Cambridge that Aches as A gt ind
farvard studenta characterized the Columbia | botsot tr ‘ahead
team as a lot of hoodlums Manager Show as othe “ ”
maker of the local eleven wae much fr « Tuster and a b “
at the stories circul&ted at Cambridge an Dartmouth «
taliated with warm remarks regarding the | J/ayers wt me.
treatment which he says his men received H HOS De has
According to Shoemaker the Columbia players | @3 (Var iu a lew cay
did not get the attentions usually accorded to | ¥!!! play so AONE
@ visiting eleven. When the Columbia boys | eet YWesieyan "
arrived at Cambridge the Harvard graduate | 4 aS CF , -
manager was not on hand to meet ther and | Dest (Osc i
there was no one to show them around |! ur e me
or see that their wants were =
attended to lanager Shoemaker further said » Oct. 1d. s work In the game
that Paul Daashiel waa acceptable as umpire hington an aon vTesterday was
but that Columbia was compelled to have i ed sat t t coaches The
Crolias as referee against their inclination which Washington and Jefferson
or else havea Harvard man act in that capar red through @ poor pass t k
Crolius was not known to the Columbia inen it right tackle {a ¢ light to w
and Shoemaker says lie does not know the hard ed { It ax throush
rudiments of the game In support of t that new { ersom pine
statement the manager pointe out that on one | their greatest I g « {
ecasion Harvard kicked the ball out o1 + very carele i! ed +
nder the rulea Colurnbia should have the | to f ld
ball, but Marvard recetved it Sanford went pe with the interference wt
on the field against this The | teward He was al

and kicked
referee ordered him of
to leave and Crolius fina

if the coach refused
reversed bis de

   

cision and gave the ball to Columbla after
two downs A fr r h the
local tearn atates it was ins

   

 

was when Harvard rece t!

Goal in the seeond half says the
Goal was not mate, t Harva
man Was pushed ' !
and forced back again touched
the ground to score a t ashie
aleo fneluded the Columbia manager's ar
raignment of the oMoials for u r treatment
He said that Puis wi Morley, swung him

 

 

 

    

 

 

   

   

 

 
  

 

  

ground, threw him to the ground and sat on
him. Thia occurred in front of Dashiel, but
the umpire t Kk no notice AL another time
Bykes of Colu ia received a straight arm blow
on the jugular vein which dazed a
had to be carried to thes lines [ il
took no notice of thie, but when an g

ing on happened, Da ~ Lue

oOlumnbia to the s ines, t lg that player
was not the one gulity of the offence

The business arrangene ‘
satisfactory to the Columbia ma lie
says that they had no represer ei e
box offlee and will have t tent
what ts given then ! hb Shoemuke
does not hint wy omisn ment “
rarer’, 20 pol that it lave heen more
eatiafactorr to al) conc Columbia

 

handing of the

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

  

     

 

  

 

  

 

 

   

 

  

 

 

Ire tacal
r of strength
work fle is

   

   

 

 

2
e Tigers returned
t uiy fhe ree
for the f } ist
be adr ‘ that ‘ wing the in
both the game w he ‘ Middies” and r
more Wi ointing, cares
i trace « n play int eithe
rnatet the cer . \ ve
Phe coaches found ne hd ( e fact
th vis fr elever on t to re
more than ¢ ( ) wn ae r » Sam's
wards, for « ew ! ed » 4% h
euriler in tl Re w Tt is belie t ‘
ike-up ir e team Ww ¢ ! \
the [afavette match not quite one wee
+ evider the Tleer ve iow
ead of them if t expect? oid thee
that fs being set f mat Bast

 

    

   

 

     

 

   

 

 

 

 

been allowed a part in the
financial end
— Mo ppLeTowN, Oct. 14 Wes'eyan is we
Harvard's ateady improvement is creating | the results of vesterda
the Impression that the Crim t } miherst \eKies ie
to make * sy ind Yale 5 ; ! a mi Hea >
to win from her Tt {a doubtful er any | ine tolaved their oppone t
team in the country can show a r back | Or the mar i oye eres S t rovndi td
fleld than Harvard's when it ia mad of Daly | into shape and by the time they meet therst
at g varter: Kendall and Sawin at the halves, | @ 1 Williams in the aAmpilonship «ames vet
and Fillies atfullback. Fvewitnessesof Sat pe fu 1D to last year s andard. Tne
day's Harvard-Columbta game say that | Tnce, and Capt podds are playing atar ba
Quartette played magnifteent football in spura | @ld the ine, which received good advice last
and showed that they have hews wetting the week from Coa Clark, shows marked
of team play down fine again. As in past | Provement, Wilson of Columbia will coact
years, there are a numberof able substitutes | tie tea is week, The line is the weakest
o take the places of these four stars, i Ainge | Pema he elever
Keernin A great line hitter: Stillman, a crack encitneainite
ull back and punter: Geiraach, an experienced | .
half back < d Fincke, quarter mC a Football Notes
this respect, therefore, it appears to | At Dexter Park yesterday the Herkimer A. A. de
@ sande between Yale and thacvard, t feated the Hamilton F.C. by a score of l0teo
of whom are well fixed behind the line Ela Owine t Hatloa t % ts of Broo}
vard's coaches have shown the most concern | gen. the K wcker F.C. has Oct 27 a tor @
over the make-up of their rus) In (a first-class outoftown team averaging to 14
bell and Hallowell the teun | e best ends } pounds. Address A, C. Fordon, 81 West Ninety
the country and incidentally has Yule and | sith street
Old Penn beaten a mile in th “Mt $ ' Jas At Dall
i Other games aturday we \t Dallas--Trxas
when {tt comes to tackles, guard 1 cent Univers aride t University, 0 tChar
the Carmmbridge eleven appears to be outclassed paler nivere qm 8, if nox College
by the New flaven and - rdelphia me At 'l F. ( mA: F. 3, At Port
For this reason, therefore, the Flarvard coaches | Ha t ed States Artillery F. ¢ 4
are making gren' effor fevelop the proper St. Pe s i ylyr \ t na
strencth, ao that whent he really big games | SY and As FC..8 Hustlers
are played the rush fir have been beau ‘ ation rules
into formidable 4 tr at
Was seen of flurvard’s nm Sat v .
aQhustve of t ida, t , 1 Gosstp of the Ring.
that, in Lawrence at ht t ut t and tat ‘ iy Wale
guard, and Sargent at centre, the conches have sae Wate oie anne
three acking « met liars { »1 Or ‘ = ji
of play differs tron lee, us fis + Uiee segs Mat M '
has gone, In t New flaven wre | woe a ra ‘ n beat some ¢
putting up Aa reug flercer andr g alin 7 4 ; omercte
ame in point ‘ The Quakers, t
ave a shade crit n i A ne tra ne ft his
as Conch Woo insists wy Te t Ml mi. w
and constant mering nt ‘ J : Ane ee Seeee
defence» : ’ : tates that t
' . . eT
That Princeton te much behindiand in ber |! Be ; f i
showing on t e a af :
doubt. and the « ert ? eo Pardell an wrest As ta
somewhat anxious T I he of the Br the e
is up to the standard and the é |’ : 8 Goh Babriae to §
etruotion i ist the same a 1 | : : . ses y :
years gone by It inot he st houe A Ke ‘matched t ‘iv
that the Princeten eleven te as for | the | \ ght, In bony ’
able as it wae at thie time naive H \ : ° at
ag, for then if was mod l ‘ if ‘ 7s
veterans while hreeer any ne rien
are work! the wa eve f e| », . the “Ha Con ran sta
coache e ligcers a ar uke ag j a " on i es e. it
finish teh Ya tt ' red \ . {h Altics to meet tt
OCALA thie ele er ‘ was lf - eh .
ast November, there is ever dication of | gy wert
trouble tor (lal anthe final line sith | oc a , te
the Oranve and Black takes p! Princes | that ;
ton gv nest mont? | the Tigers | Nat Hig
on their wn eridiror 1s it Yule d oa | is ree .
not undere ite Febr
Chatiey Meherre adeiphia wv ake
That « f thall @nme early in the | frstannenrs Nelandto mit, He te iatehed
yeardo note et tion asto® | ty bos nds at the Navona
TOA: Bt en liferent 'V ty eleve | Sporsing «' nile Plurnd ta t best
va at ‘ ' ( ip } ere rs, ar a
n Sat ‘it ; ° '
opronents ais Lehigh, } d Ma Ba be wo regarding
davertord, ar kinson, with the result t 17 r ff la ) teeara
the impressic ed ground that Woodrufl’s | the mill. but ts ho eg as et ose A pel gs et g
men would prove to be the greatest football | larger purse on the Padfc Coast ee a ae

nd gainers |

 

 

WITH THE HARN

ESS HORSES

RAIN AND MUD UPSET THE PLANS
OF SPEEDWAY DHIVERS

Luctiie and Free Hond, Amateur Trotting and
Pacing Champions, Arrive Here, bat Wilt
Not Take Part in Broshes -Albert ©, Boat-
wiek's Hecent Purchases of speedy Stock.

Plans of Speedway patrons were upset again

yeaterday by rain and a muddy road and sev
eral brushes were postponed The return
matoh between Dr David HMandell’s gray pacer
rN. EE and ¢ K. Jarvia's bay welding The
Dude bas been arranged for the first good
day In theie brash last Thursday, for a $100
purse to be sent to the Galveston sufferers,
TO oN B owas victor tn the frat heat, The Dude
finishing the neat two in front, raueh to the

astonishment of the regulars, as he was hever
considered a very dangerous horse in a brush,
while 1. NB has bean either a winner or the
mid horse in he has
bean engaged in lately

been seen on the Speedway

iwwh in whiet
Che Dude has seldom

since last spring

ae avery br

He was pretty well pumped out when he fell
into Mr Jarvis's hands He is now going
about as fast as he ever did

Iuctile, 207, the world’s amateur trotting
champion to wagon, and Free Bond, 2.044,

the world’s amateur pacing champion to wagon,
driven by owner, belonging toC KG Billings’s
it the McDonald
where Mr

 
 

w of roadaters, arrived

t yeaterday from lexington,

 

 

 

   

 

   

  

stables
Billinws drove Lueiile to ower the wagon
re i, trotting, by a horse driven by an ama
tevir M Billings is now the owner of the
wrentesat trotter and greatest pacer used ex-
clusively for pleasure driving Next season
he will meet Mart K Deveraux’ trotter
lohn A Mek or »Oo, for the Challenge cup
Mr Billings will remein in New York during
the j & Neither Luctite nor Free Bond
will be cut loose on the Speedway except ata
" te gait, as there are some eight or nine
ot » the iongo string whi ill
bear the brunt of the «hing work
t seliat bohr \ arty
sends ‘ 1 us Camnpal@t
t t ie able nt
‘ . N ‘a {
t? ) « wad ! ist} iterial
) iy nt k
J. Howard Ft \ ‘nit pure
et 1th noted St \ TT Orange
5 4 h breed of
aes | i nt nd develop
! - wes
Theodora H. Coleman tele@raphs
tia All trotting reat Albar vil
kin toernorrow inatead of t tay, as at first
\ nce President Hl H. Keane of
e | Driver Associatio wd M rel
} te ‘ everal Sy 1 1 a t}
4 l ns thio han pre
‘ d tw lasses f e Madbeon Square
Cia ‘ extr ' \e e the light
hart asses iit ‘ rsa st} ire not aa
ve . ted as t i ind it is
t x the of Messrs
and Heid will st la ers of Speed.
oar i @iite Che prize for the
best trotter and best nacer driven on the Speed
‘ t ne-man bike wagons and
nae cqralit ies

speiking of
wick of New

 

 

 

 

 

 

     

      

  

 

 

   

    

 

 

 

 

    
  

THE PILOT TO WRECK THE LEAGUE,

 

Alllance Hetween Protective Association and
American League Is Part of It.

The alliance formed between the Protective
Avsoclation of Profeasional Baseball Players
and the American League of Professional
Baseball Clubs, which waa sealed by the an-
houncement that President Johnson of the
latter organization had agreed to a new form
of contract, which among other things Umita
the reserve rule to three vearm, simply follows
Inv Sun's story of several woeks ago that
a gigantic plot la being hatched to wreck the
National League. It waa pointe* out that if
the National League men refused to entertain
the demands of the Protective Association the
players would probably Join forces with a “new
league’ moveinent, calculated to prove a menace
to the older organization

There is pretty sharp politics In the move
made bs Johnaon. He wants to
extend the cireuit of the American League
#0 that [t will take in four ofties In the East
The Amertean got a club into Chicago last
spring after a hard fight and made mich & suc-
cess of it that Johnson and Charles Comiskey,

ot

President

 

the old St. Louis manager, have been fired
with an ambition to expand, But the pro-
moters of the National Association have
launched their organization and say they
intend to establish a big cireult to rival the
National League. They have alao shown an

 

rn their backs on the American
aon, possibly, Johnson

inclination to t
League For thls re

 

 

 

 

 
   
 

 

! sade a deal with the Protective Association,
vhiieh will be used asa club totorcethe National
As tion ten to reeagnize the Amertean
league and thus form one eireult with Fast
and West branches
Incidentally tl Protective Association,
through its attorney, Harry Taylor, has made
what is believed to be a clever move. Having
persinded the Amertcean League to adopt
lll of its stigwestions the new form of
( the Nation approaches
ies | League with the
nd eon pronounced

Johnson, who is nt

    

f th lurgeat league in the
If the mag tea of the National
} lot ee ede what the
le Pre ve Association
one pla t “unfairness

 

& inagnites yefo the ro lie and
tie the Armerican League peo

 

 

    

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

eup
i pen reve ngninst the National
ue ent
ln Ae ow to limit the reserve rule fo a
peri lof threa “ars, after whieh @ plarer ia
free aie era be sees fit, the Americar
League las aimed a body blow at protected
baseball The National League men, ft ¢
be said with itt vy, will never consent
sich AS dition, and wv spend thousands
lollars ¢ ght any opposition movement
the plavera mnayv a the ves With In case
thes want to declare a atrike As an fliuatra
tion of the weather-vane poliey of some of the
players ‘ THe SUN a@ix Weelts ast
that the Protective Aaesnciatt intendad to
break the reserve rule with a demand for a
three or five vears’ limit, Secretary Hugh Jen-
nits ent «i a denial of the staternent and
explinel that the plavers appreciated the fact
that the reserve rile was an absolute necessity

and agalvation of the game
yn of the National League's
eliet thee ther day evider tly
‘Ta that it wae time to tale
h has held them tight for

for the proteectio
But e publicat
le resery
ed the pla
» rule whi
aay Vveure

Jast Game of the Leagne Season.
Louis team ahut

 

  

 

     

 

 

 

 

   

      

    

 

  

 

   
     

 
 

 

   

  

    
 

  

Y, OCTOBER 15, 1900.

|

Bostwick has Sr. Lovis, Oct. 14—The St
t te ' a the (incinnatia out to-day in the closing game
m the pure | of the season. Sudhoff twirled for the home
R ! } |} team and wus ath beat, holdinw the visitors
) y |
yf down to tive bita. Seotre ritenhed for the visitors
nt yep | Aud was bated freel Heidrick, Donovan and
i put - | Wal ace getiing three hits , the former a
ear nie t | three ar da tv oebageer The seore
| ST LOUIS CINCINNATI
“ 1 ROH POAR RMPOAR
is ame | MeGraw, 8b 0 2 2 1 1 Barrett. cf. .0 12 0 0
ate ts Hur “0 6 0 Hartel. f..0 110 0
, 8 2 0 © Geler, rt 01200
31 © Beckley, 1b.0 0 7 38 O
fing | 8 $ 6 6 Irwin, 3b oo 1 2 ¢
{ 2 8 1 OCorcoran,ss 0 0 @ 2 0
474 Steinfeldt,2p0 4’ 2 0
g 08 0 OPeltwe ..0 1 7 0
‘ ‘ 0 0 0 0 Seotl, p. 01020
‘ ’ 0 f 5 ¢ ~ - -_— =
: e - = Totals.....0 62414 0
a otals 7172711
! sed i | St Louts £25804 € 8 yo?
Cineinnatl 006000 0 0 0—0
‘ turn | Two base hits lfeldrick, Krueger, Pelts. Three
Farm next | base bit—fletdr fome run= Donlin Hit by
. f e pl er Irwin Double play -—Steinfeldt, Coreoran
We will offer and Heckley First se on balls—-Off Scott, 2.
ne material $ Sudhoff, 2 y Scat, 1
. 1s a ‘ tleldrick, 1; Donovan 1 4 i
ebm th : Eemslie Time of game hour and 45 minutes
» Karon Dillon Attendance
and alot of Voungsters by i Lake, 2.15%
! Croft, 222'., and other noted THE RECORD ~ COMPLETED
MI ael Reid has returned lis stale of Speed —_—_—_— “i So) Sai fel & 2.
wn tek I he away to their city | Bir 3S Sy ol 2!
era for ey er and he | again t © 8 & 8! Fi mw 8) Sl 2
c a fo ' th Willa Madison & 7 5/3'8) 3) 3) ~'8
‘ 1 fone ! CLUBS. S\3\ 8): | Fl Bi si @le
! kerill, VieePresident of the | riclp Pi Ries
ead | 4 it UL give Speed= | : :
w ty s t ‘ 1 fer itright, |
as brea « starting them | A ; 7 10 141018 IB 10 48
‘ » Harle i . 1 ad | 5 ree Ki2Dil A 1"
< ea ° diahing a 2 } Cis deiphia a 11112 a
‘ r six eeks i “ ! ft 4 0 12.12 i811 4
Mu ‘ t | ¢ g a yp & ¥ 2448
4 gtheexstraspeeta easfor Nat uw] Sal s 7 5 Rid A
i ‘ v Nex ' Murray | Cineinnat 12 9 71112 762
HH . » ‘ rg | w York ow 7 & 618 60
. bred f \
Stare le ey Games lost 4 60.63 72:78 78 77 78
I t \ , jor WAROF 3
' ' 1 ; j ‘ « '
1 e . Chess.
' re a lady's one-+ toria ra
t harness ‘ i the ne defeated Marshall in the last game
J ea HH fiyde 4 best dr g of the series of seven at the Cosmopolitan Chess
. Thed ; it ; F. Keating at I Club yesterda ifternoon after forty-three
dea l T Lex
t ‘ er 1 is deeply felt eve ! ee The » of the contest was Mar-
emar ‘ va t shall, 4; Roeth drawn, 2 The Brookiyn
1 Lexing mi tra wy plaver ag aele ia Queen's Gambit for the |
i
Raniieeted ever e op ge oof the last game and Roething this
' ® most pre ned to accept the gambit pawr ly
1 were % t 4a-4 t e conducted the opena.e moves much
aw bought | bette nh previous occasions and had
| ' he . an ae f4 1 of Winning a paw without
! by Jay Bird, outofl mising his position, When the game
f ! :% wa it to become interesting Marshall con
ha st the B | nilitted der and leftaknight to be taken
! li 3 it ) After ontretemps Koething had matters
‘ nannies prettyn hhisown way, andwhen Marahall's
‘ pos ecame untenable he resigned The
¢ Futurit score follows
Kat 1
] roy rs 6 ne | SEVENTH GAMP —OQURPN'S GAMBIT DECLINED,
at that gait Roething Marshall. Roething,
- J k White Black
: ‘ P Q4 24h Ka Ktah
10 CONTROL AMATEUR DRIVING, } 2P Qns SRxkt bh B4
| Kt Qua <BS nh KS RK
Delegates Will Meet Shortly to Form a Na- ‘ f st 7 an. KS pat.
‘ ° , fa Be ‘
tlonal Association, aKt I thich : Ra RaRP
A movement is on fe imonge amateur road i Beh 1 apie 8 geen
drivers for the format fa central govern- eKt Wa 1" q Q?
g body for all driving clubs, amateur asso 1 8 Q? is r ms
; t n
ations and speedway organizations, As ama- hg Rr B he
te racing 1s creasing matinee meetings iz ts 8 KRS 2 Q 2)
. oe y i K t4
‘ r at fre ent intervals, and driving clubs = KteP Casties Kt Q Me
are bet ad the United | 1A QR Kt Kas PP QKta
le wan 130 73 KR P-Rt
, wae | 18% Kt HS »mir 2i mia
& t | P KA ha Q Ka
te 4 that RQ KAS FP KW
ata lely | amin KKt4 P- Kt?
t ‘ eart or | Ktxh 44 Resigns, 22 min
| | 9 Qs 1 hour
Ir New | > QS
Yo ,
time i 3 Hive Willlamsborg Yacht Claob Regatta,
of themaior rtion of the g@wentiemen's dr lig
x ye j tad Batons it a view « t} 1 - Interesting yacht races were witnessed ves.
ne t bs send to a cent \ ta terday in the fall regatta of the Williamsburg
eariy date de eantes eith power to xet in the | yaehtClib. The feature of the day was the work
eat t ¢ ith a eontr fhe bod ‘ . ‘
rhe object the proposed ora ‘ . | of the s Op ¥ Bertha K., which broke the
} ° define exactly the true stat fan am. | record for boata of her size over the course
a e wind Was [rom the northeast and was very
‘ { exact wt rises a zhoat the « t, but the boats finished in
amat re athe ight breeze ‘The course was from
pile m ly and p) Anum ja 6 ont k i4e to and around }
na F 1 ’ ck ar a aaa ’ ’ y the . off Hunt's thence to a buoys
"s ‘ tment « ‘ mittee | oft ¢ ece DP t and h at the clubhouse,
t er with the officera of the ‘i ting | A five-mile trinnale th e boats covered twice
A o view of hating Ok | The ting i doud beat, the second a reach
s yw thody a - r ateur | and the ga free rin It wa . negun
r end tt per t t rr na star t ceern the Cor-
é ; .
ateur etne é 1 ‘ gt ! sa j int? they were
I ‘ | rete Edith M
Replies i t ecaived b D Kane |! ‘ ane rosgsed
¢ ws er the ri ve | virnne 1 aa
f Pee f ‘ tad de  Pand the * towether while ¢
i ' ! gates | ‘
to meet at t clat med that eon irks, and when
clubs will a le le t ' ri }eame tumnp's eompanion ent
that th nh take represent ever t beard Fourteen boats in seren classes
. > ¢ ¢ i rte ‘ Il finished The winners were
driving org: thon it a countre ‘ land all fi a - ine r
: . } Hert K.. Rump, Edith, Mabel, Lizzie
A ev and Undine
Amateur Boxer Horley May Get His Lost
Medal, Ttaseball, Gymnastics and Track Sport at New
A silver medal, the second prize in the Metros | York University.
poiitan Association of the A. & TT. 1%8-pound The annnal fall track and fleld games of the
boxing championship, has been found in the | New York University will be held the latter
street and ha ded t ‘y BS yn | renee - tof the week at Ohio Field The new track
the ation ‘ iriey ¢ the aru boat |
( ® the second manin the si bout. Hel * be made as fast as possible In response
can obtain possession of the medal « r ue | t pt Jones's call for candidate elevan
tion to Mr, Sullivan at 1@ and 1s Park pia | nan have been received and seven seem to
ietand a good chance of making the team A
} number of meets will be arranged this
Captain of Cornell"s Cross Country Team, | at at least two will be held ot hay 1e ot eek
Irmaca, Oet, 14 Bernard A Ga ther, ‘02, | ant Je r ssional schools down-
eas . ywhwillbe orrmen
has bean elected canta n o the  orne ross Capt. ‘Taylor the buseball team reports
country team in the 5 of AO. Berry, who | that six of last year's regular players have left
lias resigned, ¢ ic eris oneof the beat long | College He issued a eall for proanective
distance runners the universit nd helds | Diarer ndat her of freshmen responded
“| re rtwotmiles. jleis 1 years | Manager Young is now working on theschedule
a . at Ithaca Next week the members of the ynast!
aa tea vill hold a meeting to elect a captain in
piace Berry who has not returned to coliege
The Sun's’ Malti(ade of Readers Four ¢ wt vear's 1 have left FJ Bele
an ithe advertising merchants clientageot incom cher, 1900, is in the law sehool, but it is doubtful
para valur, reflecting @s they do sueh intelligence | if he will compete with the teara owing to his

 

4&5 Is not to be found eacept ta @ SUN reader.~Ade.

studies,

 

 

 

 

GOSSIP OF THE RUNNERS:

STAR PREATURES FOR THE CLOSING
WEEK AT MOKRIS PARK,

The Duel Between Imp and Ethelbert ta the
Mantcipal Handicap In Widely Discussed
by Horsemen Eatries for Brighton Beach
Assoctation'’s New Classics Due To-day.
At the Morria Park and Long Island tracks

and every other resort of horsemen yeaterduy

the chief topic was furnished by the superb
race between Ethelbert aad Irnp in the Muni-
eipal Handicap at Morria Park on Saturday

Although the race had five starters it really

was nothing more than a duel between what

the old-timers describe as the greatest horse
and mare of the decade. So far aa actunl
welghts were concerned the pair faced
starter on even tarma, but on the scale of sex
allowances, linp was conceding three pounds

to the Belmont crack She had run an une
satisfactory trial and her race was aa much a
revelation to her trainer and part owner,
Charles Broseman, as to any of the reg-
ulars To the holiday visitors, how-
ever, it waa A disappointment because
casual patrons of the races have

become so infatuated over the old black mare
that they throw flguras to the wind and back
her any company She ran the
race of her career on Saturday and played
ekittlas with records, but could not stall
off the sturdy little son of Fothen -Maon, who
beat her a head. Whether Ethelbert had any-
thing in reserve is a «q that Ia being
debated on all sidew He seemed to be fairly
outrun fora mile anda half, but little Odom took
a different view of the situation. When he caught
Imp inside the wt sixteenth pole and
ehe drew away again in response to the
desperate call of Burns, Odom kept on placid)
as if there was no opponent in sight. Burns,
as a last resource, went to the whip, something

that the sensitive old daughter of Wagner doe
not like He might have been just as clo-e t

emulating the patience of Odom, but he appa-
rentl, realized that it was a forlorn hope and
resorted to the vigorou ensures called for in
“USA Imp answered every application

to acore in

pueetion

 

such

of tho etinging catgut, but she had clear
run her race and even her evinpathizers ad-
mitted that the better horse won, the onl
quibble rateed being whether he could have
“ t der margin

 

Horsemen are reminded that nominations
close to-day at 216 Montague street, Brooklyn
for the new series of stakes Co be decided under
the auspices of the Brighton Beach Racing
Association net seaaon (he principal fent-
ures are the Brighton Junior Stakes of $10,109),
the Neptune of $5,000 and the Venus of $8,000
Nominations are also due for specialties to be
decided in 2, including the Brighton Derby
of $10,000 juols of $5,000 and the Brig!
ton Oaks of $5,500

wy

 

 

the Troe

 

     
   

 

thie Week, which marks the end of racing
for the season at Morris Park, the echeduled
programme is up to a high standard vo card
is Outlined friday, but the association may
decide te fll in the blank All the other days

 
  

 

 

 

are rich in attractions, beginning with @ most
promising alate for this afternoon, Handi
capper Vosburgh has allotted weighta to
candidates in the hurdle event. Kiondyke's
recent atiocesaas have raived his impost to the
exceptional welght of 173 pounds or twent
five pounds more than the next candidate
on t jist Should the sir Modred

 

 

gelding accept and win it will be a signal tri
u Che second Monday Handicap brine

 

       

together a well-balanced bunch of seven, with
Vuleain carrying topweight Phe list includes
af ahitty two-year-olds and should furnish

 

the new stake named in honor
Keene's at Domino colt, ¢

race

h good
Jame FR

   

 

 
  

 

 

      

mando, has fied well and fourteen two-vea
olds are nained for the sprint down the Fe
course Ihe three-coar-old-and-upward

ei strongly represented in the Threeyve
Neck sake over the Withers mile, but «
fortunately what was designed aa the atrongest

 

the day turns out to be the weakest on
ad =onumerteally This {s another new
, the Lthelbert, for all ages, at two miles,
nlv four eandidates were named over

more are eligible
me to time berore bugle call
ives for to-morrow include the Sliver
Dixlana stakes the former avent

several

and a few

om oma

 

 

   

   

year-olds, down the last tive
f the Eclipse course, and
three-vear-olds over the Wit}
e wh etake has attracted a fairl
representative entry. ‘Two-year-old fillies ¢
have vet won $1,500 will receive a ance t
dis ves in the Castlet Btakes
o nesday ace {aa five-furlong dis!

 

and allowances, sand
out of the thirty-four

 

na ns
Id SU satisfactorily
her nations

The programme for Thursday Includes two
of the most popular eventa on the fall schedule

 

   
   

 

      

  

The Ramapo Handicap for three-vear-olds
carrie me add mone. nd twentyv-se. er
it a at $10 each Starters are required
t $40 additional, but that « worrs
‘ ich, if the weighta ® fo-day are
oe Phe route ts one mile and a fur-
love over the Withers course and
neairie all the best of the three
vear-old brigade figure among the
depirants The Rama should serve as a
aporey ta prelude to the Fordham, third |
and last of the autumn highwelght serial har
dlesps The eonditione are ilar to th
for . oux and the Waéstchester, alrea
“1, except that the distance fr hie anse
ie last seven furlongs of the Witt ile
H. «. Crickmore has received forty-elaht en

tries, {n which practically all the prominent

stables are represented

  

1 f ving ia ihe programme for to-day
ndicap one mile and a half
Draughtsman A
Holland 182
*The Burlington
houte 130

tIsland Prince iso

Monday handicap: last seven and a
of Withers mile
117 | Beau Ormonde

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

1046 Dr. Barlow . 0
108 lAef Prinoe . 9
Sparrow Wing 108
Third Race—Commando se g race; two year
olds: Felipse course
Margraviate 108 Glade Run inn
Luerana ‘ 107) Kimberly '. 98
Chotee 106) *The Golden as
Col. Padden 104 Annie Thompson.... &&
"Lief Prince..cceceeeLO4 Animosity as
Moor eee. 108 | Mauga...csereerss 8h
Carnelian oo cceetO8
*Holland entry.
' th Race—Throgg's Neck Selling Race; for
two ar-olds, Withers mile
Dolando 111 Carbuncle : 97
Sparrow Wing 104 Oread oe. OF
Alaiiee 104 [he Amagzon....... 97
Locochee 4) Fleuron a7
blote on “ ster Roy rd
Fifth Race. Three year olds; last six and a halffur
longs of Withers mile
The Rhymer ennelile 109
Gold He Servilta 10a
Raror Queen Carnival +104
tanunda Sentry 1102
« Hoer Hollywood evssosee O98
1 All Saints 9

 

Race FEinelbert Stakes: two miles on the
Ww thers oour
Star Bright M1 Frank Hall ‘ AT

)
Douro ‘ 108 Trigger e 4

 

Many Heats at Worcester.

 

  
  

 

 

   

 

 

WORCESTER, Oct 14.-Good attendance and good
rae marked, the second aod closing day of the
essracing at the Greendale track yesterday
Summaries
° 1A class, trotting; purse $300
Hiack Beauty bik. a by Quartermaster
Kase ‘ 6111
}ielen A., Bb m. (Van Auten) ee 1242
Dr lL. ro ge (Melonald 233 4
Iiiaster bo @& (Pants 442 3
m crow, DIK g (Proctor 3686 8 &
Time=2.20 714, 221%, 2:18
2 °7 class, pacing; purse $8
Hb. s by Abacota (Sny
#i% 1
Ine tt t by Ch ry
Donald 78382
Charite ¢ bg. by Veroskey
MePhereon and Kervick 14253
Lattle Axe, b. &. (Pope 465 ro
F. BR. BR. ch, g. (Rowar & 7 Po
Vertina, ch. @. (Van Aute a 2 ro
Paper Boy, b @. (Williams ® 6 ro.
Chum B che mi : dr
Time—2:21%, 2.20" . a 2;27%,
22) class, pacing: purse $
Cartridge, t £ by Coleridge
A ° 18611
Little Tim 6. (MePhersor $1122
Crickes, b Proet 2232245
Maggie D IT lia 453 8 4
Jenule Dt m. (Sullivan 64655 32
Mack C, b . 7746 6
Robin g ‘Bass 8 A dr
Time My, 2:18tg, 227g, 2:0 Wlg, 2:18lg
2:22 class trotting: purse $300
Othmar. br. &. dF Louls Owosso Moll).8 1 211
Parker Gtr g. iPox 12128
Bryon Wiikes g PDuriand 23 5 4
Leland H,, b to (fll 453383 58
Moccasin Kor, ¢ Chicker ng S @aekt a
Time—2:21''4 Pity, 2:15 5, 220g, 2:2416
2.24 class, pacing: purse 8° 0
Calamity. b m.. oy Whelebone (Switehell).6 1 91 1
Burt liveth, b g. MePherson) - 122s:
Billy Onward, b @.  MeDonaid 28 44
Fang) B., ro om cclllespie . 6868 8
NatC, b ¢. «Proctor 4458 5
Venture g. Chickering coed ie
Time—2:1%'9, ° 4 22019, 2:23%6
2:14 class, pacing; p
Diarolo, br &. by King T 1 1
Joe Gahn, bik. g (MeD 828
Henry P.. b. @. (Van Aker 4342
m. Westeott 2446

Anr e Leybury

me 14%, 216

Matters of Interest Concerning Horees
are more fully and ably treated in THR SUN'S pews
columns than in any other medium Advertising
thus beoomes more valuabie in THE SUN for obvious
Teasona Hemember this -Ada

 

   

NEWS OF THE WHEELME

aret Gast Rests All Night, bat Resames
Riding tn the Kota,

 

All century runs scheduled for yesterday
were postponed. So far as could be learned
not one of the moat enthuslastic and weather-
Keusoned veterans went out Misa Margaret
Gast, however, rode all day over the Valley
Streum century course and, according to all
the records kept of her riding, ahe travelled on
her wheel more than 100 milea She began at 6
o'clock yesterday morning, with 1,041 miles to
her credit, after being off the wheel from 10
o'olock Baturday night Aceording to Will H
Brown, her manager, she haa had about twenty-
five hours’ sleep aince she undertook the task of
riding twenty consecutive centuries Sho had
ridden 1,700 miles in 192 hours and 10 minutes
at 110 o'clock yesterday afternoon

Although at 1,600 miles Miss Gaat had beaten
all women's and all men's records for century
riding, ehe was behind the masculine record
at 1,700 rniles

At 1,600 miles she was & hours and 47 minutes
ahead of the best record made by a man which
is 180 houra and 12 minutes. At 1,700 miles
whe was 2 hours and 24 minutes behind the
record, but still far ahead of the best perform-
ance by a woman. The furthest any woman
has ever gone in a continuona century ride

The utmost that has been done

19 1.6) miles
ituries, or 2,000 miles,

  

in this line ja twenty
by Will A. Brown Brown said last night that
Mias Gast would make up for lost time and

would be ahead of his record at her niveteanth
and twentieth centu Brown's thine for
nineteen centuries is 218 hours and $0 minutes
and for twenty centuries 2726 hours 644 minutes
‘The weather Miss Gast has had to travel through
has been even worse than that encountered
by Brown, so far as rain is concerned, though

 

 

it has been more even in temperature. Phyal-
clans who have examined Mise Gast
RLY that she is in sound = physical
condition Her trainer says that she has ivet
about ten pounds. She ie a short, but strongly
built young woman, who welghed 128 pounds
before she etarted on her long ride When
the reporter asked her about her condition,

ring especially about her wrists, she re-

 

    

| think my wrists are as strong as a man’s,
Look at them.” ‘Ihey were white and soft
jooking, but large and of endurance,

 

igeestive

 

    

Mias Gast has not had her handle bara w rapped
in cotton aa other ww distance riders have
liad before going half the distance credited
to her, She uses a pairof rubber grips on the

bara that are fust a little bit “dropped.” She
)

 

as chunged her wheel of @6 gear for one
ot 88 She was eating heartily yesterday,
including such food aa chicken and chops
When she started out on the last half of her
ele nth century, # tandem manned by
former Chief John Castles the fire depart-
nent, and Jolin Fay, led the way and several
Century Road Club members rode beaide her
on singles

The roada over which the young woman
had to ride veaterday were wet, but were not
heavy in the centre and the wotnge after the
rain was fairls Mixes Gast, however,
did not wait for the rain to stop, but started
out in oi] elotha when it was raining heavil
The roads were then flooded, but she went ahead
and rode forty-four miles between 6 o'clock
and 1:10 o'clock in the afternoon, when she
completed her seventeenth century At night-
fall she expected to finish her efghteenth cen-
tury before midnight and to finish her task of
2,000 miles by 6 o'clock this afternoon

eas’

The first annual meeting of the Automobile
Club of America will be held on Oct. 22. The
fol! 1g notinations for officers have been
made by the Board of Governors and tt ta not
anticipated that any will fail of being elected

President. Albert R. Shattuck; First Vice-Freaident,
Gen. George Moore Smith Seoond Vice President, ..

 

 

Dunbar Wrignt: Third Vier President David Wolfe
Hishop; Treasurer Winslow } Burnby; Secretary
Ww ney lyon; Governors for Class of 1908, Albert
C. Bostwiek, Charles P. Doelger and Dave H. Morris

HANITAN IN A SHELE,

Teaches Colambia Men How to Row by Scall-
ing Alongstde of Them.
intment of Prof. Wood-
ommittee on Athletics
comes the announce-
will be further en-
of a fifth member
nccount of the Increased
sport. The Un-
mittee has made the
places

Following the app
berry to the Faculty ¢
at Coluinbla University

 

ment that th

the

ttee

  

 

larged by appointment
fromthe law hool «
intereat of
dergraduate Athletic Con
following nominations to fill
on the different teams

Assistant Managers of the ‘Varsity Crew—R. B,
Potts, 2, college; Arthur J. MeClure, ‘02, science,
and J, bl. Her 02, college.

Assistant Managers of the Cycle Team — George F.
Taylor, ‘02, college, and

those students in

 

vacant

Farish, ‘02, science, C. T
( Tt. Speneer, ‘02, college
Assistant Managers of the La
Hutton, 2. college A
and BR. ©. tHoeurt, ‘02, selence
The ind fent nomination of 8S. Waters,
‘Mm college, for assistant uiajager of the eveie
team haa also been received the elections
vill be held at the annual students’ ass meet-

  

ysse Team--A. Ly
! college,

 

Stratford 2

 

    

 

t. 2 The praliminary work of the
y mothe Hudsou A not been wholly sat-
cetory to Coach Hanian J old oarsmen

   

uch Aaa they please
freshmen are

are allowed

1o pretty
for the tinse ber

but the new

   
 
 

 

 

   

 

t wit atr bound The neweomera
are jigtit are quickly mastering
Hanlan's ‘ of practical rowing
rhe eoa ight about excelent results

4 i a of the crews and tilus-
tratir pre ts by personal example.
KDIA t fer of the day, but un-
renal steadiness boats Is in encouraging

art of the ear work Rollins, the well-
| nown sing!a ier of the Varuna Boat Club,
hia tered the university and is trying for a
seat in the eray

In order to prevent damnge to the frall boata
by the en oirsnen an has engaged
Fred professional, to take charge

The treshmen
° rews are is follows: Earle,
rCeonnel Ale ander

nd the craft

 

o
‘
( Wupperman, Carlson,
Carter, Ashley, Updike, Jackson, Akin, Stang-
land, Tyler, Maeder, Rollins and Benjamin
The annual fall regatta will be held on Ngv
nd the event itl be single and double
ind four and wig races
iner Hiemberg of the track team has

 

 

 

ided to do away with the annual fall games
on aecount of the cold weather and hold an
indoor meet in the Kighth Regiment Armory
in December. The trainer is satisfied with hfs

material and is teaching the men to runon the
hall of the foot instead of on the toe, as waa

   

 

heretofore customary atColumbia. John Mack,
the old traine has gone to Dartmouth College
to tike charge of the athletes there

‘he Pacroste Associition held {te annual
meeting on last Thursday and electad Wf,
Lindsa Capt ! 1, R Parker Manager

| be played this fall and prob-

me with the Crascent A

    
 

     

 

   

 

vies nn ré@y Lar we
porary schedule of spring games includes
te with Harvard, Cornell and Univer
sit i ig vanin in the interuniversity
series and Swarthmore, Johns Hopkins,
Hobart, Staten Island A © ond Crescent A C
G ium work progressing favorab
Prof. Water Wats a take charge of
boxing interest e Raconet and Tenn
‘ ’ t) 1spreented tothe Univer-its
Fe ne ¢ yA number of complete fencing
if Reeniar gvionasium classes will be.
gint wee nder the direction of Guetay
Hoine and R. Sikel
President Menr ©. Worthington haa called
neeting of the University. Antormobile Club

this week fo out » plans forthe winter

YANKEE WIll HOLD AVERAGE CUP.

If Rainbow Is Disqnalified at Newport Only
Spectal Awards Will Be Changed.

Newrorr, Oct 4 After the action of the
regatta committee f the vartous yacht clubs
disqualifying Corneins Vanderbilt's Rainbow
for violation of the ries by taking on addi-
tlonal ballast after oMficial measurement, it
i air to presume that the committee of the

Association will take

Newport Yaeht Racing
’ ir action is ls done it will not affect
ition of the Average cup won by
nkee, bat if wil change the standing
rhe Rainbow won three of

 

  

races wr owhich she Ot @ KpPecial eup
naiiiied one of those will go to W. K
jit Jr's, Virginia, and two to the

yirvea t t Yankea the vaechta

 

e series with A standing as follows

Yankee, 11 points; Mineola, lo pointa: Rain-
how, § poin Virginia, | pont. If the Rain-
bow is disqualified the standing will be: Yankea

18 Mineola, 12, Virginia, 6 Rainbow, 0 The
Yanke 5 etill bod the @1,0%-eup by one
point Not one of the members of the New
port commitee is in town. Ralph N. Ellis is

the chairman
The Satiors of Deer Isle Belleve They Will Re
Called Upon Again,

Me The announce-
at Sir Thomas Lipton had again chal-
lenwed for the Ar Cup Was received
with no more interest anywhere else than in
this town of Deer Isle on the coast of Maine
to ow ‘*) American vachtamen have looked

En sworTn
ment t

Chet M4

eriea'a

  

 

 

for cre for cup defenders for several veare
Cay Fr P Weed. of Stonington, who has se
lected these crews, a8 agent for the yachtsmen
believes jeer Isle will again furnish the crew:
If so,he save, thetsland will make ge« d its offer
He’ onths age to putup a gi eun to be
¢ or Dy erewe thea eon tT tobe de

   

pointa in handling the sioops, muak-
ing and shortening sail, de. Capt. Weed says
that in the races between the Columbia and
+ e Shamrock the Yankee crew beat the Eng-
ishraen two minutes in shortening sail an
eleven seconds in setting the spinnaker. .

een
SUE EEE

 
  
  

    

is delicious and
satisfying, the

addition of
water not af-

 

fecting the de-
lightful flavour
and the unmis-
takable aroma
peculiar to this
pure whisky.

 

 

“Canadian Club”
Whisky is bot-
tled under the
supervision of the
Canadian Gov-
ernment, which
guarantees its age
, and genuineness.

 

Brooklus Advertisements.

Clothes
Don’t Make
the Man—

but a good up-to-date suit
will add to his self-respect.
Our Ready-to-Wear
Clothing is the best that
money and best tailoring
skill can make anywhere.
The makers name alone is
a guarantee. Money back,
too, if not perfectly suited,
A look costs nothing.

BROOKLYN,

BOWLING RECORDS,

 

 

ARCADE TOURNAMENT.

 
  
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Clubs Seore. Cluds,
Kaickerbocker 468 | Excelsior, 1.
Gotham, 1 - 466 | Exceisior, 8.
Bronxdale, t 444 0 Auranta, 1.
Heetor 422 | Gotham, 2..
Eocentrte, 1 410 | Excelsior, 2.........
Hronadale, 2 3v3 | Anchor, $............318
Anchor, 1 ‘ 393 | Knickerbocker, 2....299
Holschen, 1.......«..872 | BAGOD....: sce cseees 201
Eccentric, 2 ‘ 565
AMERICAN NATIONAL TOURNAMENT.
High High
Clubs W. L. Seore Clubs WwW. L. Score
Manhattan.....4 0 ¥33 | BankClerka..l 1 464
Colum bia 4 0 027 | Rosedale 1 1 837
Corinthian 2 0 823 | Arlington.. 1 1 432
Metropolitan 2 0 Ho? Fasy Meat «+l 8 DAT
Golden Rod....2 © 852 | Orehard........1 3 925
Monarch --& 1 062 | Germania......1 3 412
Central 2 2 0209 | Bleecker... 0 2 O18
Glendale 2 2 &61 | Spartan «0 3 &74
hidelia 1 1 018 | Palace..........0 2 614
Empire acoceh 2 BIG | BUPRTOO caccse @ 4 849
Amer. Owl. 1 1 882
COLUMBIA LEAGUE.
Corinthian -4 0 038 | Audubon.......1 1 844
Standard .....-2 0 950 Fmpire Cty....1 1 80
Kank Clerks 2 0 47 | Phonix sob 2 952
R.A.Wheelmen2 © ASO | Enterprise.....1 1 728
Owl 2 0 &80 | Oriental. »1 3 816
Friendsiip 2 0 793 Cyclone... 0 2 842
Grove Hill 2 0 755 | Lotus : 0 2 755
Dolando 8 1 873 | Century W.....0 4 7o2
Belvidere ...... 2 2 508 | Wang sees 6 FTO
Yonkers 2 2 £69 | Linwood.......0 @ 710
Rosedale 2 2 884
HARLFEM LEAGUE
Friendship .2 0 870 ' Harlem W 1 1 A064
Kintekerboeker.2 0 805 Cyclone ook 2 FOR
Corinthian 2 9 869 | Central.........0 2 829
Belvidere «8 0 so Colontal 0 2 &21
New Rochelle 2 0 768 Prerater.. Oo 2 820
Emptre 1 1 948 Grove Hill.....0 2 791
Lafayette 1 1 &72 heltpse 0 2 #765
Lotus -1 1 SSA
RATIONAL LEAGUE
Fidella 6 0 OSA Spartan........ 264 ay?
Golden Rod 3 0 ATO Roseviile.......8 4 +
Corinthian 4 2 935 Metropolitan...1 2 981
New York A.C.4 2 932 Berkeley .O 8 &b4
Ortental 2 1 975 Germanla......0 6 879
woons
New Jersey 2 0 ss 17
Dooilttle 2 0 ae & 338
Manhattan 20 oes 2 714
Castile Point. .1 1 «we 8 P16
Cable :

RROOKLYN ROYAL ARCANUM LREAOUR
Redford 4 0 889 | Long Island..1 ?
Philadelphos.4 0 840 | Lefferts ii 33s
Nassaii +2 0 88K Adirondack. .1 4 735
De Forest 20 AAs Hrooklyn > ae | 720
Fast Y 2 0 863 Ferr 0 Q 623
De Lone zo Gilbert 02 612
Bushwick 20 CGiramercy.....0 2 766
Com'nwealth..2 2 Krevoort 0 2 788
J. F. Price , 3 Fort Greene .0 2 737
Wash. Irving.1 1 Tolanthe 0 2 695
Dauntless 1 1 Moning Star 0 6u35
Fulton s 3 Welcome 0 682
DeWitt Ciin'n.1 1 Pro Patria....0 2
Fraternity ; 3 68

LONG ISLAND ROWLING LRAGUR
KingsCo. W..2 0 949 Pin Knight 1 An?
Prosper 2 0 943 Eeho 1 i He
East N, ¥ 2 0 918 | Atlantle......1 1 860
Reinecke 20 as” South Paw....0 2 846
Manhattan 11 a1 Ortent +9 2 821
mone eh a A72 | Greenwood....0 2 794
mperial 11 ABO Hedford 0
Fort Greene 1} Abe . 100

GREATER NEW YORK TOURNAMENT
Impertal 4 0 #85 | QueerCiub 1
Manhattan...2 0 970 ! Ii'shw'k C'n'L1 i tse
Pin Knight..2 © AAT | Spartan... 1 1 800
East N. \ ‘2 0 854 | Metropolitan.1 8 918
Arlington... 2 0 ANS Pontiac 02 84)
ponarce 11 084 | Echo 8 2 760
2m pire -1 1 #876 | Amers we @
Palace 1 1 874 =e * Fr

Bowling Games Te-night.
American National Tournament—Bank @

Spartan and (Giolden Rod

at the Germ.
Kooms alleys eine Assembly
Columbla League —Standard,

. Fmt
Cyclone, at Schlussine’s alleys pre City and

National League Oriental o
sr atonnl © ve ur Counctl, at

    

 

 

Harlem League —Standard, Morris Ch
ard, Mo 1
bon, at Thum & Kahlisdorf's alleys Dand Aude
Arcade ‘Tou nent rotbam. Jr, Noy
rea a Tadeutsche:
Tear land No jtse eam?, at Frerck coo
nol gg a yecd - Anu Lrague--Gramerey
+ m et #7 om ounce and Vraternity Counetf,
Long Island League -Kines ¢ . f
| v4 ounty Wheelm
Rast N w York and Reinecke, at the Plepbans Club
alle

Arlington National._S
Palace, at Bertram & Vi

  

Prosperity and

Bismarck Tournament. -ivs Lea?
and Thirtieth Ward, at Bismnaret Wales alta Night
Wood's Hall Tourament Metropolitan, Lineola

and Boyd, at Wright & Apmann’s allevs

 

Che Turt.

MORRIS PARK RAGES,

11th Day, Monday, Oct. 18th.

The Second Mo day Bandican, The Com
mando Setting, The ihre Cs Neck
Selling, The Etheibert and Puy @ther

Races

First Hace at 2 P.M.
Take 24 av. “LL to Willi
Traine to Morris Park at
1:49, 200and 215 P M

Music by Lander.
¥., thence by Specia

le 4 1.08%
NIELD, 80 CENTS,

  

 

 

Aiorses, Carriages, &e.

T AUCTION — Wil! sel) at auet :
| . ! et auction on *
A Van Tassell & Keari ey A wetion Bane too

z 13
used: pas} Seok, Coomonile, Stanhope model, But ii ile

et

   

 

a
e-~

4