“VOL. LYXIV.—KO. 216,
POOLROOM EXCHANGE FOUND.

 

} OURTEEN TELEPHONES SET ON

A HORSESHOE TABLE.

 

jurnitare Marked “3 Park Place” Stored
There Also With Some Gampiing Toots
-wohn Deeing of Grady Begins —Auoc-
\looaer Moyd Grant Telis of Bets.

sho Doe proceedings were begun before
agistrate Barlow at the Tombs yesterday
tetermine whether warrants should be
ea for Thomas ¥. Grady, Charles Reilly,
Parke Robinaon, Robert H. Davis and
J. Riordan for conduoting or abetting a
olroom business.
Ol4 John Doe and Mr. Jerome want to

now if Thomas F. Grady is the same “T. |

vady” who got 16 per cent. of the monthly |
ikeoff when the Bob Davis syndicate |
vvied upand is referred to by Bob Davis's
okkeeper as “Sen. G.” and rather disre.
eotfully aa “Tommy.” it is the purpose
the investigation also to show that
harles Reilly is the “C, R.” of the combina-
on; that J. Parke Robinson was Partner
Park"; that “R. H. D." is Bob Davis, who
eaned up $100,000 in the two years opera-
ns that have been made public, and that
J. R.” is Mike Riordan.
On Friday afternoon when the second
worof 15? Cedar street was raided Assistant
\atriot Attorney Vandiver found a five
lephone poolroom. He ran it a while
ad discovered that one wire led to a pool-
om telephone exchange. Yesterday morn-
g that wire was traced up and they found
st it went no further than the fleor above.
'o get to the other end of that wire yester-
v afternoon Vandiver and the detectives
i to kick in a door which led to four
\dsomely furnished rooms on the third
Once inside, it didn’t take them long
‘gure out that the rooms were the dis-
puting bureau of the Bob Davis syndi-
‘o, as well as a storehouse of poolroom
1 gambling equipments.
\ horseshoe shaped telephone table, or
~tohboard, was fitted up with sixteen
ephones. One wire ran down below,
i fifteen others communicated with sub-
liary concerns. Four or five employees,
tehing the resulte of a race over a tele-
raph wire, could bellow into these phones
id let the whole chain of Davis poolrooms
now simultaneously how the ponies fin-
had.
Out of closets and cupboards Vandiver
ok boxes full of silverwate and lace cur-
ns, theese boxes as well as others found
| being marked “From 7 Park place.”
mong the furnishings of the rooms were
alout and quartered oak buffets, side-
ards and tables, which had been stored
ere; about all of a first class faro bank
‘vout exoept the rack, e stud poker table,
clegraph instruments and coils of copper
ure, boxes of iv@mieaakes-ohips and code
ets.
Most interesting of all was a heap of
»lgers, day books, memorandum books,
ipa, checks, receipta and the like that
andiver found in Bob Davis's storeroom.
vey proved that the syndicate was doing
nice business long after April 1, 1001,
ind at such dates that the statute of limi-
‘ations won't help the offenders. Among
he records found was a memorandum
‘nowing that the syndicate cleaned up
#838 in one month in a recent year and
‘ntries explaining how “G.” was getting
long playing the game. Mr. “G.” had
‘vo colurnns in a ledger marked “E. A
inher.” Instead of “Won” and “Lost,”
‘ne columns were headed “Out” and “In.”
This is how Friend “G.” was kept on the
One®

In.
September 6.......
September 7.......
September 12.......
September 14.......
September 15.......
September 17.......

id man *G.” was merely piking along
t he managed to get the best of the betting
ith feed box information by $282.

This entry was found in the back of e«
emorandum beok which showed that the
oncern was still working the old bank
oll for all it was worth in March of a year

‘ong after 1901.
Standing of FE. A. F.’s statement:
in, Out.
$57,536 $26,608

J. Parke Robinson's name bebbed up in
9 books found yesterday. He was re-
orded as a fairly heavy bettor in the opera-
ions of the syndicate and managed to
drop a little bundle. “Out” and “In” are
vill the headings. The transactions ran
rom May 80 to September 1 of the year
referred to.

but orice, ahine 150, $1,350,
20, 985, hens Foo Patel: Biel aaoe

bn, $2,160, $1,006, $1 460, $1,170,
780. Total

rab ee syndicate managed to
rim Brother J. P. R. for more than $7,000
n three months. Other entries in this set

‘ captured books indicate that Mike Rior-
dan lost a bunch of money back to his own
oncern and that Charles Reilly didn't fare

ery well. However, R. H. D. is never
‘own asa loser. There ie another account

hich reads like this:

Cater:

Nit $150. In B180. a

One of the items read, “Lawyers and

21 debts, $125." Two emall books Mr,

andiver got contain the names of hun-

reds of men that bet with the syndicate.
Vandiver described them as “men
‘hose names are famous on the turf and

\ financial circles.” Some of them will

© subpoenaed as witnesses, others have
old what they know to the District At-
orney. Of actors, gamblers and book-

\kers there are scores, mostly down as

(wo code cards were captured. One
‘a8 printed in colored inks, with oertain
vords which identified the odds the syn-

i'@ sont out to ite rooms on the horses.

Chafe,” for instance, meant that the
homs were to put up 2 to 1 against the

orse; “Pelvis,” 4 to 1; “Fudge,” 5 toi, and
“on. The other was a system for giving

i' the entries in cipher. If Belle Strome
vas to rece they wouldn’t send out the
ame “Belle Strome” by wire or phone,
' this. “Bell-Jonah-Ro-Ibex-Night.”

@ first steps taken in court yesterday
morning were when the Keator case came
'P before Magistrate Barlow, Floyd Grant,
clioneer of 1574 Broadway, testified

hia soe SS with Keator. Ho said
had telog bets to Keator’s

ina

ant

    

  
 
 
 
 
 

at 47 Broadway for six or seven months,
paying by check to Keator when he lost
and getting Keator's checks when he won.
He had always phoned his beta to a young
woman in the piace. A bundle of checks
@ggregating $0,500 drawn by Keator on

| the Jenkins Trust Company, Bath Beach |

branch, in favor of Graut were shown.

 

 

 

BISHOP GREER TAKES UP S0CI0-
LOGICAL CLERGYMAN'S CASE.

———

 

 

 

VICTIM OF INFERNAL MACHINE,

enectady Man Seriously Injured by One

He Received From North Adams, Mass.
Scnensotapy, April 3.—This evening
Daniel Miller was mortally injured by an
infernal machine which was sent to him
by express. The machine came from

 

Fos crainly old pan a Dan | sen taw One of he Te tay Mere | Novih ‘Ain, Mane and as dlere

O'Reilly, who was bouncing back and !
forth between the Thaw lunacy cogmis-
sion and the poolroom hearing.

“Wait till you see the bundle of checks
from me that he's got,” said Grant.

Erna Sanntrock said she had taken
information over the phone from lots of
men and that they were merely “ordefs
on horses.” Clara Robinson testified to
about the same thing. The Assistant District
Attorney asked that the two girls be dis-
charged. Magistrate Barlow let them go,

| but continued Keator's case until April 11
in order that his lawyer might present
a opinions and precedents.

While this was going on Charles Reilly,
Edward A. Fisher and the four others
caught at 112 Fulton street were waiting
in the corridora. Somebody asked Reilly
if the reading of the records of the syn-
dicate’s divvies didn't amuse him.

“My life,” said Reilly with dignity,
an open book. It was all Greek to me.”

There were a lot of men out in the cor-
ridor who appeared to be interested in
the poolroom situation. Some of them
were humming a chorus like this:

And we won't go down to Reilly's any more,

For he keeps a big policeman by the door.

if you ask for Mary Ann
You'll be the missing man.

And we won't go down to Reilly's any more.

Charles Reilly and Fisher were held for
examination next Friday and the four men
taken with them at 112 Fulton street were
discharged. All got John Doe subpesnas

afterward. Then Dan O'Reilly, who ap-
peared for the bunch, made a atatement
to the reporters.

“The Grady who has appeared in this
thing isn’t Senator Thomas F. Grady at all,”
sati he, “but another Grady, who is a client
of mine. The real Grady is a short, stout
man, but he doesn’t wear a mustache. He
was in business at 112 Fulton street, and I
will produce him when he is wanted.”

Neither Mr. Jerome nor Mr. Vandiver
has said that he wanted anybody yet by
the name of Grady. There are witnesses,
however, who are expected to unload con-
siderable information about the “T. Grady”
and the “Sen. G.” mentioned in Bob Davia’s
books. At least one of these witnesses was
a member of the syndicate and the other
knew all about it and kept books for it.
They’ll have to talk or go to jail.

To-day there will be a procession of fairly
well known men who have bet with the
syndicate to Mr. Jerome's office.

is

TWO LETTERS FROM MRS, EppDyY.

 

Both Sent to Boston Scientists—One Said
to Be tin Her Own Hand.

Boston, April 3.—At to-night’s meeting
of the First Church of Christ, Scientist,
two communications from Mrs. Eddy were
read, The first was addressed to the mother
churth and was as follows:

PLEASANT Virw, Concorpn, N. H.

April 2, 1907.
The First Church of Christ, Scientiat, Boston,
Mass.:

“My Bs.ovsep Cacrcsa: Your love and

shes cheer my advancing years, As
an Scientists u understand the
Soripture, ‘Fret not thyself because of evil
doers,’ also fou 6 iritually and scientifically
understand that God is divine love, omnipo-
tent, omnipresent, infinite, hence it is
enough for you and I to know ‘That our
r liveth and intercedeth for us.’
“At this period my demonstration of
Science cannot be fully under-
stood: theoretically, therefore, it is best
explained A its fruits and by the life of
our icted in the chapter ‘Atone-
ment ue rist,’ ‘Science and Health,
with Key to the Scriptures,’
“MarY Baker G. kppy.”

Then the first reader, W. D. McCracken,
said that he had received a letter rrom
Mre. Eddy in her own handwriting. He,

McCracken, said that the letter indicated
that Ms. Eddy is in possession of “her usual
mental and physical vigor.” This letter
follows:
“PieasantT View, Concorp, N. H.,
“March 22, 1907.
“BrLovep Stupgnt: The wise man bas
said, ‘When I was a child I spake as a child,
I understood as a child, I thought as a child:
but when I became a man, I put away
childish things.’ That this passage of
ae and its qepetating declaration
be applied to old age, is a solace.
“Perhaps you already know that I have
——. es attended to my
seoular alfa to my income, deposits,
investments, expenditures and to my em-
ployees. But the increasing demands upon
my time and labor, and my yearn oe
more in my advancing years,
cal Cy pA a ie of a. to
take °
the Hon. Henry M. Baker, A rehibeld "Mt Me.
Clellan and Josiah E.
“As you are the | sates of my
church in Boston, of about 40,00 members,
I inform you of this, the aforesaid transac-
tion
“Lovingly yours in Christ,
- §Manry Baxer G. Eppr.”
POLICEWOMEN FOR BELGIUM.
Experiment to Be Tried in Ghent—To Have
Preventive Powers.
Spectal Cable Despatch to TRE Sux.
Brvssers, April 8.—The project to estab-
lish women police, suggested some time
ago by Chief of Police Wesemaei of Ghent,
is materializing and is likely to be inaugu-
rated in Ghent early next year. It is pro-
posed to begin with twelve policewomen,
who will be between the ages of 40 and 50,
it being considered that at that age they
will have gained sufficient experience of
life and human nature
They must be unmarried or childless
widows. They will not be uniformed, but
will be provided with the necessary creden-
tiala to insure their entrance anywhere at
any time. They will be attached to the
administrative or preventive section of the
force, whose duty it is to keep a watchful
eye on the population and warn those likely
to inour prosecution.
It ie believed that women have special
gifts for suoh work and that they may be
a eatly instrumental in preventing crime.

Havana Boat Has 60 Hours of Storm,
The steamship Morro Castle from Ha-

~—_ =o in last night nearly two days late,
encountered heavy sea and north-

cnet quite oa for aixty hours mn the coast of

Barnett’ Vanile
any pure commission,

 

Tho Purity

was never quoationed
A
G

 

at.
reenaway % India Pale Ale, Soid ali over the
world, Est, @7 years, Syracuse, \, ¥, U, 6 A

Ade

|

the Special Commission That Will Sit at
the See House To-day and Inquire Inte
the Distarbance in a Negro Tenement.

 

The conduct of the Rev. W. Howard |
Mears, the young assistant rector of St.
Matthew's Protestant Episcopal Church
and student of sociology, in accompanying
&@ negro woman on March 18 to a house on
Seventh avenue, where he met with some ; }
exciting experiences, is to be investigated ,
by a special commission composed of ex-
Mayor Seth Low and Francis Lynde Stetson
as the lay members and the Rev. Dr. Hunt-
ington, rector of Grace Church; the Rev. Dr.
William T. Manning, rector of St. Agnes's,
and the Rev. George F. Nelson as clerical
members.

This commission is to hold its first meeting
at 10 o'clock this morning at the See House
at 416 Lafayette street. Although one of
the members said last night that the Rev.
Mr. Mears was cognizant of theappointment
of the commission and what it proposed to
do, that young clergyman professed to be
in complete ignorance of it last night.

Ex-Mayor Low and his fellow commis-
sioners were appointed by Bishop Greer
in accordance with the canons of the Church.
These provide that where sufficient cause
seems to have been shown the Bishop may
appoint a commission of lay and clerical
members to investigate the facts concern-
ing the conduct of a clergyman and upon
the report of such a commission it is for
the Bishop to decide whether or not such
clergyman shall be put on trial. The oom-
mission is to examine carefully, into the
facte and if necessary call witnesses.

It is understood that it is the intention
of Mr. Léw and the other members of the
commission to examine several witnesses,
among them Policeman John Schmacke
and Policeman Joseph Herzing, two of
Inspector Hussey'’s cops, who happened
along just as the Rev. Mr. Mears, while in
pursuit of his sociological studies, as he
says, met the negro woman on the street
and accompanied her to the house in
Seventh avenue, near Thirty-fifth street.

The Rev. Mr. Meare, it will be remem-
bered, on that occasion went up two flights
of stairs to a room, one of the watchful
plain clothes men going up with another
negro woman to an adjoining room, where
he proceeded to listen to what was going
on in Mr. Mears’s room. It was when the
young sociologist was heard to exclaim that
he was being robbed that one of the cops
went into the room and found, as he testi-
fied in the police court, Mr. Mears in his
shirt sleeves, whereupon Mr. Mears beat
it for the stairs, only to run into the other
cop below. The result was that Mr. Mears
spent the remainder of thpynight in a cell
and was discharged in court the next morn-
ing when he disclosed the fact that he was
a clergyman engaged in a hunt for sociology
as presented in sinful haunts.

It is uncertain how long the commission
will take in determining the character of
Mr. Mears’s sociology. One of the mem-
bers said last night that it was possible
that one meeting would decide the matter.

“The commission,” said he, “is appointed
to get at all of the facts. There should
certainly be no objection raised by the
young clergyman,as it ie just as important
to him to have his character cleared as it is
to the Church. No one is in the position
of complainant in this matter and there are
no charges made. We simply investigate
for the Bishop.”

Since the notoriety arising from the un-
pleasant episode on his last sociological
trip Mr. Mears has resigned as assistant
rector of St. Matthew's. He is still in the
ministry of course. Mr. Mears was found
last night at his boarding house at 60 West
Seventy-first street.

“I do not know anything about a com-
migsion,” he said, arising froma couch upon
which he had been reclining. “You had
better ask the commissioners about it, if
you know who they are. I've heard lots
of rumors about what was going to be done
to me. I know that I've had a scrap with
the rector of St. Matthew's and have re-
signed as curate there. I aleo know that
I've been called to acoount by the Bishop.
Tam going to devote my time now to soci-
ology, but I haven't resigned from the min-
istry.
commission or a trial to-morrow or any
other day.”

 

 

 

HARVARD MOLLYCODDLE DINNER

Freshman Class Gives a Feast That Beats
a Sanday School for Order.

Boston, April 3.--At a regular molly-
coddle dinner last night at the American
House the freshman class of Harvard to
the number of 400 conducted themselves
in a real ladylike manner and established
a precedent for quietness, decorum and
proper conduct.

This was in shining contrast to one year
ago, when the lads from across the Charles
did about $500 damage. This year, when
they consulted with Manager Jones about
the dinner, he said there would be nothing
doing. The lads posted $600 to guarantee
against a rough hduse, and they made good.
Sunday school classes were outu
compared to the areas Tine Fig Harvard
Not even BO § dish was broken. gh they
broke bread they threw none.

But—after the dinner Reuven S. Holmes
ard George L. Matthewson got a Pair of
red lanterns, and as autos would
Tremont street they would run out ahaa
flag them. Then an officer spotted them.
The fines wore $10 apiece tn court to-day,
but when they went into thetr kicks there
wae caly $id all told. The Judge let i go
at that

 

 

JOHN L, CALLS ON GOV, HUGHES,

Asks the Release of a Convict Sorving Lite
Sentence for Murder,

Auzany, April 3.—John L. Sullivan, the
pugilist, who is in Albany in connection with
a theatrical troupe, called at the Executive
Chamber to-day and had a talk with Gov.
Hughes. The former ehamplon prize-
fighter is interested ina movement toseoure
the release of a man serving « life sentence
in State prison for murder, The case is

 

that of a convict whose of death
wep commuted to a life term . Roose-
**Bilivan told the Governor he be-
Neved the man was innocent that there
had been a The
name of the convict was wi at the
e un case shal!

ogome before for

| box, as it lay on a centre table in his

I don’t know anything about a |.

street, within a stone's throw of police

quarters, at 1:30 o'clock this after-
noon. At his home this evening Miller
to open the package, which was
larger than an ordinary cigar

on the second floor. a

An instant later there was a terrific ex-
plosion and other lodgers in the house,

as well as neighbors, rushed to Miller's
oi Miller lay groaning in mortal agony
on the floor, his face and body frightfully
burned and mangled, his body stripped of
clothing and blood streaming from many
cuts.

The room was filled with smoke, but
fortunately nothing had caught fire. As
the smoke cleared away it disclosed the
awful wreck that had been madeof the room.
The windows were blown out and the
partition wall between Miller's and the
adjoining room was biown into the
next room. The furniture was wreoked,
chairs and tables beifg reduced to kindling
wood.

Several physicians were hastily summoned
and an ambulance from the Ellis Hospital
was quickly on hand. As most of the in-
juries to Miller are from the thighs upward
it is sur nised that he was standing at the
table opening the package when it ex-
ploded

The victim is 27 years old. He is a ma-
chinist, industrious and prosperous. He
was to be married in June to an estimable
young woman of thie town. Miller's par-
ents live in Ellenville, Ulster county. A
brother is also employed bere. Miller's
brother said to-night that Dan has no
enemies and no one who is known to him
lives in North Adams.

OAN'T BOARD THE BLUECHER,

People at Nassau “Make Things Pleasant
for “Marooned Speaker and Party.
Special Cable Despatch to Tas Sun.

Nassav, N. P., April 3-—A high north
wind continues to blow here and a heavy
sea is still running. { The steamer Bluecher,
many of whose passengers were unable
to board her on Monday on account of the
sudden etorm which compelled her to put
to sea, established communication with
shore to-day by means of flag signals.

As it would be dangerous to attempt to
board her outside the bar in the sea that
is runping, she signalled that she would
proceed to Southwest Bay, on the southern
side of the island, where there is better
shelter from the weather. The Ward Line
tender Colonial, which has repaired the
damage she sustained in attempting to put
the passengers on board the Bluecher on
Monday, will go to Southwest Bay also and
the passengers will go overland.

The Colonial will be used to board the
steamer to-morrow morning if the weather
conditions permit.

Gov. Sir William Grey-Wilson has been
assiduous in his attentions to the Bluecher's
Congressional party, including Speaker
Cannon, and the other marooned passengers.
Many courtesies have also been extended
to them by the Nassau Club.

E. C. BENEDICT SAVES LIVES.

Commodere and Sallers From Oneida Res-
cue Tenants From Burning Cottage.

Greenwicn, Conn., A 3.—Commodore
E. C. Benedict and the crew of his yacht
Oneida worked like Trojans this afternoon
fighting a fire that threatened for a time
to destroy the mansion and other buildings
on the Benedict estate at Indian Harbor,
a mile from here.

The fire started in the cottage ocoupied
by Frank Eisle, the Benedict dairyman
Mrs. Eisle, who is quite ill and attended by
trained nurses, was rescued, as was one of
the nurses, by Commodore Benedict and
the men from his yacht. The fire had
gained such headway when discovered
that it was necessary to take Mrs. Eisle
and her nurse out by way of a second story
window.

It was only by the hardest kind of work
that Commodore Benedict and his sailors
managed to prevent the fire from spreading
to other buildings on the estate. The
dairyman’s cottage was entirely destroyed
with a loss of about $5,000. Commodore
Benedict ordered Mrs. Eisle to be taken to
his own house and cared for there. He
informed the dairyman that he would
make good the damage he euffered by the
fire.

The volunteer fire department of this
place was summoned to the fire, but Mr.
Benedict and his sailors had the flames
extinguished by the time the firemen arrived.

ROOSEVELT ANGERS UNION MEN,
Labor Leaders Resent Comparisen ef Harri-

started
slightly

 

man to Deve, Moyer and Haywood.
CuRVELAND, April 3.—Leaders of labor
unions in Cleveland to-day denounced
President Roosevelt for classifying E. H.
Harriman, the railroad magnate, with
Debs, Haywood and Moyer of the Western
Federation of Miners. They charge that
the President did a great injustice to the

labor tors.
re... secretary of the local
T Council and a State labor leader,

said: id:

“It is evident President Roosevelt looks
upon a labor leader as a dan ol
I am not surprised at his utterance, how-

fact chee

UNTERRIFIED SUFFRAGETTES,

Ferty-one Released From Jail Promise to
Renew Riotous Proceedings.
Special Cable Despatch to THB Sux.

Loypon, April 8.—Imprisonment had
not damped the ardor of the we
suffragettes who were released from

way jail to-day. At the restaurant in

which they were entertained at breakfast

off annouseed they ination to con-

eae Secceel e rien
oo conaee She ‘cepecally
or

 

       

   

pearis.
the
Phi;
three
decisi
yoars.
get tp another
Pn
ra

ae me

e

YALE ATHLETES CALL IN POLICE

STILLINGS, SEEKING HIS WIFE,
HAMMERS SHELDONS’ DOOR.

 

 

She Was Miss Shelden, Sister of Mrs. An-
theny Hope Hawkins, and She Left Her
Husband and Went to Her Brothers’
House --Pistols Figure in the Narrative.

Richard apd Lou Sheldon, who were
champion athletes at Yale and who have
| ase held sussede in the chot put and the
broad jump reapectively, reported to the
police of the Fast Fifty-first street station
last night that they were afraid that their
brother-in-law, Dr. Lee C. Stillings of
Lenni Mills, Pa., would attempt their lives
and that of their sister, Dr. Stillings’s
wife. The physician had come to their

apartments at 612 Lexington avenue, so
they told the police, and had mace a scene,
brandishing a revolver and uttering threats.

Two detectives were sent around to the
Sheldon apartments and there they found
Dr. Stillings on the dooratep, pounding
on the door and ringing the bell. The de-
tectives told him he would have to submit
to a search as he had been charged with
making threats with a revolver. No re
volver or weapon of any kind was found
on him.

Dr. Stillings told the detectives that he
believed that the Sheldon brothers had
prevailed upon his wife to desert his home
in Lenni Mille last Tuesday and that she
was being kept in the home of her brothers
against ber will. He had been married
tem years, he said. Five years ago his wife
underwent a serious operation. Since that
time, he said, her brothers had been trying
to get her to leave her home and live with
them. She left him last Tuesday without
warning and he had come to New York to
get her to return to him.

The Sheldon brothers told a different
story. They seemed to have firearms in
mind. For several years, they said, Dr.
Stillings and their sister had not lived
happily together. On Tuesday night, they
said, Dr. Stillings threatened his wife with
a revolver and she escaped from their
home, seantily clad, by climbing out of a
window.

She took refuge with neighbors and after
borrowing some money from friends came
to New York and went directly to her
brothers for protection. Stillings came
on yesterday, according to Richard Sheldon,
and a conference between the brothers and
the physician was held in a lawyer's office.
When Stillings appeared last night and de-
manded his wife, emphasizing this demand
with threats, the Sheldons said they thought
it best to seek police protection.

After the detectives had heard both sides
of the story they advised Dr. Stillings to
go back.to Philadelphia and seek to regain
his wife by legal measures. He said he
would take their advice and he left the
Sheldon doorstep.

Richard Sheldon, at one time the cham-
pion amateur shot putter of America, was
a guard on the Yale team in 1900. He isa
member of the New York Athietio Club
and of the Seventh Regiment. His brother
Lou was track captain at Yale in 1805 and
became the intercollegiate broad jumper
Both the Sheidons have been closely aseo-
ciated with athletios since their graduation

Miss Susanne Sheldon (Mrs. Henry Ain-
ley), a second sister of the Sheldon brothers.
is an actress who is well known on both
sides of the Atlantic. Her first appearance
was with Henry Irving's company in a small
part. As Huguetfe in “If I Were King
she made a strong impression on London
in 1905. Another sister, Elizabeth Somer-
ville Sheldon, is now Mrs. Anthony Hope
Hawkins, wife of the novelist.

 

178 EASY TO GET PEARLS.

Simple Game by Which Maiden Lane Firm
Was Swindied—Loss 61,500.

Four Oriental pearis, costing at wholesale
$1,400, were intrusted two weeks ago by
a member of the firm of Benedict @ Warner,
importers at 71 Maiden lane, to a young man
who is now known to be a swindler. The
firm did not know that it was defrauded
until yesterday, and the police were then
notified.

The young man, who gave the name of

 

Theodore Phipps, had a confederate who
telephoned that C. W. Schumann's Sons
987 Broadway, desired some pearls and
would send a clerk for them. The voice
heard at the telephone was deep toned and
with a German accent. In about the time
- would be required for the trip from
the Broadway store to -_
young man appeared and asked for the

Per Warner showed a tity of pearls,
and the caller, who hed © pair of 1

a ft
= a pair of tweezers

germs like a
three that were round and one that was

button shaped, but his eye for oolor was
quater, aa he took those with a w
to others of a rich

Vance m on the
and the businesslike air of Mr
uppe the transaction
Bolded theo ech paper pack
"Good day,” no t being Pats sad
" noteven as!
hen: Schumann's one a.
bill fraud was discovered

 

PUBLIC TO FIX PHONE RATES

Louisville Company Leaves Whole Question
With Board of Trade.

 

LovursvruLe, April 8.—As the result of an
inquiry which the Louisville Board of Trade
has been making regarding the rates of
the Cumberland Telephone Company, the
looal Bell system, a novel proposition was
made to-day by President and General
Manager James M. Caldwell of the com-
pany.

After stating the position of the com-
pany in advancing rates he declared that
the company was willing to leave the entire
matter of fixing telephone rates for the next

rere in the hands of a committee
of exe ness men, and that whatever
"Os ne

 

 

reached would stand for

ota ee ore

Board of and the

  

aiden lane the
dealer, selected
yello
bei:
He

 

+NEW YORK. THURSDAY. APRIL 4, 1907.—copvrions, 1007, by The Sun Printing ond Publishing Association,
‘INQUIRY BOARD FOR MEARS. =

i a

 

 
  
 
   
 
      
     

 

SIX FOOTER NOBODY KNEW.

The Vice-President a Straphanger
Crowded Elevated Car.

A man of six feet two or three inches got
on a southbound Sixth avenue elevated
train at the Thirty-third street station at
1:30 o'clook yesterday afternoon. He wore
a fedora hat, a dark suit of clothes and
had a light overcoat thrown over his arm.

The car he got in was jammed and the
tall man with chin whiskers had to stand.
A stout Italian woman with a basket bumped
into him as the train went around the
Bleecker street curve and men hurrying
downtown and back to business poked him
in the ribs with their elbows. Nobody
saw a reason for getting up and offering
him a seat.

One man, however, kept glancing at the
tall man now and then and looking away
@gain, plainly puzzled. He got out at
Grand street and remarked to a reporter
on the train: “There's something vaguely
familiar about the face of that man hang-
ing on to a strap there, but I can't spot
him for the life of me.”

When the reporter, with a bunch of men
in his trade passed out, he stepped before
the tall man.

“How de do, Mr. Fairbanks?” he said.
“What are you doing in New York?”

“Glad to see you,” said the Vice-Presi-
dent of the United States. “I just ran over
on business and social matters.”

The Vice-President arrived at the Wal-
dorf-Astoria yesterday morning. He gave
up his room at the hotel last night and it
was supposed that be returned to Wash-
ington

CONDEMN MR. ROOSEVELT.

St. Loats Basiness Men Denoance His Re-
fusal to Meet Their Delegation.

Sr. Lovrs, April 8.—Twenty-one busi-
ness and civio organizations of this city
at the Manufacturers’ Association head-
quarters to-day adopted resolutions con-
demning President, Roosevelt for refusing
their delegation the constitutional right
to be heard by the President in behalf of
Publisher BE. G. Lewis, whose Woman's
Magazine and Farm Journal had been
excluded from second class mail.

Mr. Roosevelt’s attitude is believed to
be due to a letter Lewis wrote to Congress-
man Bartholdt, threatening to expose
alleged trafficking in fraud orders by a
Post Office Department official at Washing-
ton and his brother, an attorney, at Chicago,
adding that Postmaster-General Cortelyou
had known of the alleged crookedness.

Mr. Roosevelt is reported to have told
Bartholdt that the letter was an attempt
to blackmai).

LAW DEMANDS MORE DEMOCRATS.

Net Enough of Them tn Wisconsin Town to
Man the ‘Polling Places.

Barasoo, Wis., April 8.—The election
here yesterday did not begin until after-
noon because of the lack of Democrats.

The law provides that the officials in poll-
ing places shall be from two parties. The
city is strongly Republican and this year
there were so few Democrats that the
polling places could not be provided with
the number of Democrats.

The Republican ticket was elected.

ROUNDUP OF LEGISLATORS.

Speaker of the New Jersey Assembly Issuca
Warrants for Absentees.

Trenton, April 3.— Because of the absence
of several members the Speaker of the House
directed to-day that warrants issue to com-
pel the attendance of absent members and
that they be served by the sergeant-at-arms.
The House has been handicapped in trans-
acting business by the practice of members
absenting themselves, and with the close
vote of party measures this has been a
source of much embarrassment. The Dem-
ocrate need their entire vote to pass any
bill opposed unanimously by the Republi-
cans.

‘TRIFLE TO DANNUNZIO.

Anyway $16,000 Wouldn't Tempt Him to
Risk Sea Voyage.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THE Sun.

Rome, April 8.—The Messaggaro says that
Gabriele d'Annunzio has refused an offer
of $16,000 to deliver eight lectures in South
America. In refusing he wrote:

“I have no wish to brave the ocean for
a box of cigars.”

WIDOW MUSTNT LEND MONEY.

Will of Charies H. Sandford Provides Against
Borrowing Relatives.

The will of the late Charles H. Sandford,
a manufacturer of engineers’ supplies, was
offered for probate in the Kings County
Surrogate'’s Court yesterday. The estate
is bequeathed to Mrs. Sandford and her
two sons.

The will contains a clause forbidding the
widow from lending money to relatives.
The testator said that his life was troubled
by his loans of money to his wife's relatives
and his own and he desired that she should
be spared annoyance hereafter.

WILLIAM THAW ARRESTED.

He and Pittsburg Friend Suspected of Being
Smugglers by Mexican Officials.

Ex Paso, Tex., April 3—William Thaw
of Pittaburg, cousin of Harry Thaw, and
I. T. McAuley, also of Pittsburg, were
arrested at Juarez, Mexico, this morning en
suspicion of being smugglers.

The two were returning from a hunting

ip, and on arriving at Juarez left the
railroad station for a stroll. They were
arrested at the direction of Mexican cus-
toms officials on ounce of belon toa
party of French smug lers who suc-

led in gettin rearms across the
border last w:

The men protested but to no avail. Fi-
nally they called Conductor Frank
of the Mexican Central train, on Which they
had come to Juarez and upon his identify-
ing them they were released.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

MISS GRIGSBY'S SUIT SETTLED.

She Was Yerkes's Protege and Sought to
Recover London Underground Stock.
The suit started by Emily Grigsby, who

was the protégée of Charles T. Yerkes,

against the Central Trust Company to re-
cover a number of certificates of stock of
the underground railway that Yerkes
built in London, haa been settled out of
court, according to an announcement made

yesterday in open court before Justice

Lovenaritt.

Kellogg appeared for Miss Grigsby
and Adrian J line for the trust com-
pany, but neithg seould tell on what terms
a “nes reached. The suit was
on

court on a p

nalnary motion

Twourapay, Arnr. 4, 1907
Fair and warmer to-day; showers to-morrow;
fresh south winds.

in Justice as a

t

   
  
   
    
  
  
  
  
  
   
   
     
   
  
   
   
   
    
 
    
 
 
   
  
  
   
 
   
   
    
    
  

oe,
.

 

PRICE TWO CENTS.
THE PRESIDENT IN WAR PAINT.

WILL ,HAVE NO “REACTIONARY”
TO SUCCEED HIM.

 

 

Professes to See an Organized Movement
to Choese a Conservative—‘My Spear
Knows Ne DBrether” His Description ef
Future Plans—“Favoritc Sons’ Out.

Wasainoton, April 3.--"My spear knows
no brother,” declared President Roosevelt
to those who called on him in the hope
of hearing adclitional details of his relas
tions with E. H. Harriman in the political
campaign of 1904. The callers found the
President ready and willing to talk to tham
in a confidential way, and while most of
what he said was plain, straightforward
and obvious they found their greatest
interest in the figurative declaration thet
his weapon would not recognize kinship
where future opposition to him was con-
cerned. From now on it is war to th®
knife betwe 1. Mr. Roosevelt and his
political ene .2#, both inside and outside
the Republic: » party.

The President, it was asserted, has infor-
mation whigh he regards as conclusive that
Mr. Harriman, those who contro! the Stand-
ard Oi] Company and others connected with
great corporate interests are already ene

gaged in a movement to put in tha, Whitd
House as his successor a man of the type
described by Mr. Roosevelt as “reactionary.”
Their plan, according to the President's
information, is to push the favorite #02
idea among the Republicans of many States
so that a host of candidates, all oppased
to Mr. Roosevelt and bis policies, will be
before the next national convention, each
with substantial backing and, from what
the President has heard, bound by a oom
mon purpose to prevent the nomination
of a man of Mr. Roosevelt's choice. He
has been told that this plan is already well
under way in Pennsylvania and the foun.
dation for carrying it out has bean. tes:
Ohio.

Believing the information in his posses-
sion to be true, and the sources from which
he obtained !t leave no doubt in his mind
of its authenticity, the President has ao-
cepted the implied defiance and is fairty
revelling in the prospect of a Kilkenny
fight from now on until the Republican
national convention of 1908, or ‘
until the election in November of that
year.

There was pretty free talk around the
White House to-day. The publication oe,
> = Harriman's letter to Sidney Webster,’

in which Harriman accused Mr. Koosevels ‘
of asking him to raise a quarter of a million '
dollars to be applied toward Mr. Roose-
velt’s election in 1904, and of having broken
a to appoint Senator Chaunoey M. '
Depew as Ambassador to France, has ap-
parently started an open battle in which ~
Mr. Roosevelt will take a consploueus
part.

The President took some satisfaction in
publishing to the country his letter te,
Congressman Sherman denying Mr. Harri-
man’s acousations, but this satisfaction

apparently gave place to anger when he.

read in this morning's papers the state-
ments from Alton B. Parker, Demooratio ,
candidate for President in 1904, that Mr. '

Harriman’s charge against Mr. Roosewelt/ —
of having asked Harriman’s aid in 1

Campaign contributions vindicated
gations of Judge Parker just before the |

election in which he was defeated. These 4

accusations were that to obtain campaign
funds Mr. Roosevelt, Mr. Cortelyou and

Mr. Bliss had bled the big corporations | d

through improper means.

As far as Judge Parker's ctatteniis
printed this morning is concerned the.
President holds that it does not meet the
point; in fact it entirely ignores the char. '
acter of the allegations of 1904. The Presi-
dent told visitors that his own statement,
issued on the Friday before the 1004 eleo-
tion, in which Judge Parker's charge of
virtual blackmail against himself and Mr,
Cortelyou was denounced as false, met
the situation to-day as it met it at the
time it was written. Judge Parker's main |
charge, he pointed out, was not that the |
Republican nati committees had re-
ceived contributions from corporations, |
but that the corporations had been ¢om-.
pelled to contribute to make themesives |
immune from prosecution or exposure /

upon the basis of information that had been |
Se by Mr. Cortelyou through the.

reau

the bureau of corporations ie ® brangh.
Judge Parker, according to his

entirely ignores that phase of his charge a

his latest statement.

The President frankly admits that the
Republican national committee received |
contributions from corporations in the:
1904 campaign. He has ssid many times

that everybody knew that the Demooratic 4

national committees also received

to the Republican camgaign fund,
the men who had made them told
One of these men, he asserts, was
John A. McCall, of whom the
says he * was very fond and is still very
fond.” Mr. MeCall told him that he made
a personal contribution toward the fund
raised to help Mr. Roosevelt's contest
against Judge. Parker. According to Mf.

those who offered them wanted
of favors in return for their pecuniary
liberality. One of these contributions

called trust which had been opposed to
the nomination of Mr. Roosevelt.

All these things and more came out at
the White House to-day. Other
sidelights were thrown on national politics.
There was no secret made of the Presi-
dent's belief that E. H. Harriman in work-
ing with ex-Gov. Odell to have Senator
Depew sent to France as Ambassador was
not actuated by any desire to get the
Senatorship for ex-Gov. Black, but wanted
the place for himself. How the plan to
oust Depew failed on account of the refusal
of the New York Legislature to be domi-
nated by Odell and Harriman is well known.
It was said that while the President might
not have evidence that would stand tne
test of a court of law that Harriman wanted
to succeed Depew in the Senate he had
sufficient information to justify a moral
conviction that such was the case.
andi was not much information to be

of corporations when he was?
Secretary of Commerce and Labor, of whigh

ae

*

™
4

i ieee

sh aie Ge

A es