——ooCoooOCooOOC_—_—_

y VOL. LXXX.—NO. 349,

=

BROTHER ENVOY
BACKS WILSON

, Spanish Minister Says He
Wrote Speech to Gen.
Huerta.

 

 

RE

 

_ BRITISH ENVOY THERE

 

Washington Reprimands
Ambassador and Apolo-
gizes to England.

LIGHT ON LIND'S

 

MISSION

 

Three Definite Plans
for Mexico.

Special Cable Despatch to Tue Sex.

Mexico City, Aux. 14.-—Bernardo J. de
Cologan, the Spanish Minister and dean
of the diplomatic corps, declared in an
interview to-day: ‘

“I agree entirely with Ambassador
Henry Lane Wilson's statement regard-
ing the declaration of the British Foreign
offee. I do not believe the British
declarations to be authentic. I did write
Ambassador Wilson's speech to President
Huerta In the presence of all the dipto-
mats, Including Mr. Strong, the British
' Minister.

“! wrote the speech for the whole
diplomatic corps as the fact of my being
« Spaniard qualified me for writing
Spanish. Ambassador Wilson read the
speech as dean of the diplomatic corps.

“lam certain that the speech could not
have been construed as a recognition of
the Mexican Government, nor do I be-
lieve that it influenced the conduct of
the British Foreign Office. I do not be-
lieve that the British Foreign Office would
resort to subterfuge in claiming that the

» speech meant recognition of the Huerta

Government.”

ENVOY REPRIMANDED.

Apology Sent to England for Wil-
son's Litterance.

WasHinoton, Aug. 14.—President Wil-
fon severely reprimanded Ambassador
Henry Lane Wilson to-night for his ac-

 

tion in issuing a statement yesterday
criticising the British Foreign Of-
tee. During the day the President and

Secretary Bryan had seriously considered
summarily dismissing the Ambassador
from the diplomatic service, but finally
decided upon a reprimand. The rebuke
ty the Ambassador was in the form of
an apology by this Goverhment to the
British Foreign Office and a public state-
ment by Secretary Bryan.

It is believed here that President Wil-
ton's sole reason for not dismissing the
Ambassador is that he is loth to give
him the freedom to talk on Mexican affairs
which dismissal would carry.

The cable despatch sent hy Secretary
Eryan to Ambassador Page reads:

* “The interview given to the press yes-
terday by Mr. Henry Lane Wilson, whose
resignation as Ambassador to Mexico has
been accepted to take effect at the end
of his vacation, October 14, having been
brought to the President's attention, he
directs me to ask you to call at the
British Foreign Office and say to Sir Ed-
ward Grey that he disclaims all responsi-
tillty for Mr. Wilson's action in the mat-
ter and for the language employed by
him in his interview and that he ‘re-
grets exceedingly that a diplomatic offfcial
in the employ of this Government should
have been guilty of such an impropriety.
“BRYAN.”

In making public this despatch Secre-
tary Bryan handed out the folfowing
statement:

“A copy of the cablegram to the J meri-
can Embassy was sent to ped eerie
Wilson, The President does not ‘go fur-
ther at this time because he takes it for
granted that the action which he has been
obliged to take in this matter
him a sufficient reminder of hfs official
duties.”

Ambassador Wilson, it is { believed,
would have preferred actual di@miseal to
the humiliating reprimand whigh he has
been forced to swallow. The Anpbassador,
it is said, would not be averse/to having
4 opportunity to air his views jon Mexico
Without feeling any bonds of /official re-
ttraint,

 
 

Ambagsador’s Defeyce.

The statement of the Brifish Foreign
Office which aroused Ambas®ador Wilson
to Issue his statement yelsterday was

made in explanation of th@ purpose of
Great Britain in recognizingg the Huerta
Government, which it satd w done only
after Ambassador Wilson ad praised

Huerta in a speech in Mexicfo city. Am-
bassador Wilson characteriz@d this as a
“subterfuge unworthy of thef British For-
« 8" Office’ and he said last Jnight that he
helleved the British Foreign) Office would
regard {t merely as an exp}ression of his
Personal views and that (§reat Britain
Would not be disposed to hd@ld the United

States Government respon@ible for his
4 Ulli ranee,
Secretary Bryan was lied to the
White House at noon forf a conference
With the President on t affair. The

Vresident directed him to agscertain if the
#taterment attributed tog the British
Foreign Office was authegmtic and thar
Dending@the receipt of this @nformation he
seek the advice of Chair n Bacon of
‘he Foreign Relations Committee of the

Senate on what should be ffdone,
Stand by Statenpent,.

Mr. Bryan sought first to get the in-
formation from the Brgjtish Embassy
Lee, but on finding it clgeed cabled to
‘iibassador Page at Londgon to make an
‘‘Tormal inquiry as to p statement.
Meanwhile the President @nd Mr, Bryan
‘rcided that the question Gof the authen-

Tivity of the British state nt mattered
little in that they belleved [ithe impropriety

~~ Continued om Third Poge. ...,

@

Senators Learn That He Carrie

 

| the box was opened. pan}
Love had discov- | Dwyer and twenty-five uniformed police- |

——————————

 

NEW YORK, FRI

++

 

 

 

'BLACK NEIGHBORS FOR aes POLICE END RAIDS;

Angry. Hempstead Woman
Home for Negro Boarders.

Hempsteap, L. 1, Aug. 14.—If Mrs.
George McCarroll has her way August
Belmont soon will have negroes for neigh-
bors. Mrs. McCarroll, wife of a Brooklyn
Grocer, lives 1,000 feet from the residence
of Mr. Belmont. After quarrels with
some of her neighbors she has decided to
move and to-day had this announcement
Printed: 7

“Will rent my house, sixteen rooms, all
improvements, acre of ground, to three or
four colored families; or it will be suit-
able for a large colored boarding house.
The tenants-may have the use of chicken
coops, incubators, &c. Reasonable rent.
Apply to Mrs. George McCarroll."

Mra, McCarroll says she has been in-
sulted by ‘some of her neighbors. She
Was angry and applied to Justice Gittens
for & warrant but the Justice retvced be-

a she had no witnesses to supfiert
er.

HEALY QUITS T00

Both Sides in “Curfew” Dispute
Get Spine Chills—Grand
Jury to Act.

 

 

MAYOR BLAMES WHITMAN

 

Says District Attorney's Advice
Caused Riots—Inspector
Dwyer Arrested.

 

The curfew did not ring for Healy's
restaurant at Columbus avenue and Sixty-
sixth street this morning. After the police
had raided it four times since Friday
they were directed by Mayor Gaynor to
stay away.

Thomas Healy, hearing of the Mayor's
;order, decided td close his restaurant
bathing here to-day. “He von , promptly at i o'clock. Either he did Hot
He was a brother of Wheeler H. Peck- want to continue his defiance of the police
ham, whose office is at 32 Liberty. street, | °° deemed it wise to await the decision
New York. K in the courts.

‘BOMB? FOUND IN COACH |="

 

WALTON C. PECKHAM DROWNED,

 

New York Man, Living in Paris
Meets Death at Trouyille.

Special Cable Despatch to Tun Svy.
TROUVILLE, Aug. 14.—Walton C. Peck-
ham, an American,

 

“Mr. Healy announces to his patrons
and guests that to prevent any disorder
and disturbagce he wilt close his res-

 

CONTAI ftaurant at 1 A, M. or a little before, for

NS $10,000 GEMS: few days only in order that his cus-

‘ tomers may enjoy peace and comfort
again.”

 

The doors of the restaurant were closed
long before 1 o'clock. The waiters re-
fused to serve food or liquor after 12:30.
The restaurant was packed and more than

Long Island Railroad Officials’
Surprised to See Only Box
of Diamonds.

another rald. The throng became so dense
and s0 many persons demanded admission

that Mr. Healy, who had been trying to

A long tin box, mistaken at first for}
dynamite or an infernal machine, which | keep the police away, telephoned for po-
‘licemen to keep back the crush, Patrol-

was found In the rack of a passenger | >
coach in the Long Island Railroad yard | men were sent from the West Sixty-eighth
yesterday contained diamonds and jewelry | Street station,
estimated to be worth at least $10,000. When Inspector Dwyer heard
It was the property of Loftin Love,
cashier of the Germania Savings Bank | the place, called out the police reserves
of Manhattan, who is spending his sum-| 4nd sent for his own squad of plain
mer in Sea Cliff, L. 1. clothes men, More than fifty policemen
Michael Kreidler, a @riller, found the|rrived and all were needed to keep the
box, which was wrapped in ordinary} People back from the restaurant. Dwyer
brown paper. He carried it into the lost; otdered that the men be kept on the move.
and found department of the station,! There were many fights among persons

 

of the

 

 

where he turned it over to the girl in| in the throng. Pickpockets also were busy |

charge, remarking: land several persons reported that their
“I think it's dynamite or an infernal! watches or purses were stolen.
machine.” | The Mayor's order to Douglas I. "McKay
The frightened girl {mmediately sum- | acting Police Commissioner, telling him
moned Train Announcer Alfred Meeks and; not to disturb Healy's, which both the
Special Officer Joseph Rroll. After con- | Mayor and the police insist is violating
sultation they took it outside and opened the liquor tax law, followed a series of
it. { events in which Magistrate Deuel, Dis-
“It was like looking in the show case of | trict Attorney Whitman, the Mayor, Com-
a big jewelry store,” declared Meeks and; missioner McKay and the police figured.
Droll, explaining their sensations when, Those events were:
A: M._ Police Inspector
In the meantime Mr.
ered his loss and called up the office of men descended on Healy's, and using
President Ralph Peters of the Long Island force in many instances drove 250 diners
Raiiroad. Officials In the president's office! from the restaurant. District Attorney
then directe@ that the box be turned over was a witness to the affair.
to H. H. White, manager of the Queens 11 A. M. Mr. Whitman went to the
county branch of the Corn Exchange| West Side court and helped nine patrons
Bank. When Mr. White asked for the! of Healy's to swear out copplaints
“bomb” the girl In charge refused to turn | against the police, charging either simple

Mr. Healy posted this! siiver drachma, widely circulated at the |

5,000 gathered outside, expecting to see!
‘at the State Department.

CHARITIES LOSE GIFTS |

 

throng in front of Healy's he hurried to!

John F.!

 

E. T. BEDFORD IN ACCIDENT.

OU Director at Wheel When Aato
Strikes Tree——Not Hart.

Beincsport. Conn., Aug. 14.—An auto-
mobile owned and driven by E. T. Bed-
ford, a director of the Standard Oil Com-
pany, ran into a tree by the shore road,
near the Bedford summer residence at
Green Farms, Conn., yesterday. Mr. Bed-
ford’s daughter-in-law, Mrs. Charles Bed-
ford, was In the car.
hurt. :

When going slowly down a slight in-
cline Mr. Bedford looked behind. The
front wheels swerved and the car brought |
up against a tree trunk, | Both occupants |
were thrown forward and Mrs. Bedford |
was slightly cut about the face by broken |
gliss. |

As evidence of the fact that he wasn't |
hurt, Mr. Bedford said to-night that he |
expects to be at work to-morrow morn: |
ing In New York. |

BRYAN'S DOVE SEAL TRACED.

—
Comes From Macedon Coin Uned in
Foarth Century, B.C. !
WASHINGTON, Aug. 14. — Secretary

|

 

 

 

 

Bryan received a letter to-day from the
British Ambassador communicating to
him an opinion from the curator of coins |
of the British Museum on the origin ot}
the coin which the Secretary has adopted |
as his personal seal for State Department
papers. |
It was the coin was a}

learned that

time of Philip IIT. of Macedon, who was}

| the half-brother of Alexander the Great
before | office in Cold Spring yesterday afternoon. |

The coin on one face shows the! The document disposes of an estate esti- |

and ruled in the fourth century

Christ,
beardless Apollo with extended hand, |
upon which a dove is perched, The dove

 

‘

 

 

 

 

TT.

GLYNN WILL DEMAND THE OFFICE
TO-DAY AND SULZER WILL REFUSE

 

 

Fair to-d

WEATHER FORECAST.

inétimsin cloudiness to-mor-
: lerate winds.

   
 
 

Detailed weather r found on page 13.
———— . = _ ; a
' PRICE TWO CENTS.

 

 

 

Widow of War General Wants
Millions Used for Work in
Army and Navy.

ABOUT

LEAVES $3,000,000

 

Moderate Bequests to Relatives;
Some Get Nothing-—Aid
for Charities,

The will of Mrs. Julia Lorillard Butter-
field, widow of Gen.
who dled at Cold) Spring-on the Hudson
last week, was filed in the Surrogate's

There are
784,000,

mated at $3,000,000.
specific bequests of more than

about

vem YMGA. GETS BULK OF |°™*
BUTTERFIELD ESTATE’

hams of New York city, who fs in charge |

SULZER HAS BAD RELAPSE.

r. Abrahams Forced to Give Mor-
phine to Delirious Patient..
ALBANY, Aug. 15.—Dr. Robert Abra-

 

of Mrs. William Sulzer's case, left for
home at 1 o'clock this morning. He said
at the railroad station:

“Tam sorry to say that Mrs. Sulzer
suffered a relapse at midnight. Her tem-

, berature rose to 104 and her pulse went

| concerned about her

up also, She is delirious and I was

obliged to give her an injection of mor- |

phine to quiet her.
“I will not say her condition 1s dan-

 

 

 

 

 

Exchange of Letters Will
| Start Fight of State's
Two Governors.

 

AN EXTRADITION TEST

‘Sulzer Signs Papers Which
West Virginia Sheriff
Brings Here.

gerous, but she fs certainly a very sick |

woman,
cover,

Still Iam confident she will re-
The Governor was with her all
last evening. Poor fellow, he is more
iliness than he is

about the impeachment.”

Dantel Butterfield, |

attracted Mr. Bryan and he thought 1th of which more than $350,000 ts left for|

especially fitting that the coin should be
used to seal his peace treaties.

It was announced to-day that Panama
and Guatemala have assented to the
details of the treaty and that authoriza-
tion has been forwarded to the represen-
tatives of these Governments to sign them |

|
|

 

 

EX-MAYOR ELY LEFT,

Estate Amounts to 81,159,196)

 

 

Supreme Court Justice Guy vesterday
decided that two bequests made in the
will of Smith Ely, ex-Mayor of New
| York, who died unmarried on July 1,
'1911, were void. Consequently the es-
| tate would be large enough to pay all
the legacies. The two bequests declared
void were one of $69,000 to the Fresh Air
Home for Crippled Children at Coney Is!-
and and one of $5,000 to the Fly Ceme-

 

tery at Livingston, N. J. Mr. Ely’s total
estate was $1,159,196
The testimony showed that Mr. Ely

spent the last few days of his life in dis-
| posing of his estate.

| A suit to construe the will was brought
{because the executors were undecided
| whether the real estate, valued at $492,-
980, was to apply on the legacies or
whether only the personal property, of
| $666,216, was to be used

charitable and educational purposes, The
remainder of the estate is bequeathed to
the International Committee of Young
Men's Christian Associations for use by
its women's auxiliary in work in the army
and navy.

The trustees Union College of
Schenectady will get $100,000 to be used in
“bullding such a memorial to the late Gen.
Daniel Butterfleld as in their opinion will
best commemorate his love for his alma

¢

mater."
a hospital and a library, and pro-
vision Is made for the erection of a statue
of Gen. Butterfleld near Central Park in

wet

this city.
David W. Harkness, Dr. Calvin May,
Col. Edward M. L. Ehlers and Attorney

Albert Francis Hagar are made executors,
Mr. Hagar, who had been Mrs. Butter-
field's attorney for sixteen years, gets
$100,000, her one-twenty-fourth interest
in Cragside, the country estate at
Spring, and a’ painting of herself. The
will directs that the executors shall not
be required to give bonds and requests
that no inventory of the estate be filed.
The will was executed on January 29 last.

In the second clause it !s ordered and
directed, “for reasons best known to my-
self,” that no part of the estate shall be
inherited by Arthur G. Wheeler, a grand-

nephew, or by the children or the wife of |
the late Frederick Joseph Wheeler, who |

was also a grandnephew of Mrs. Butter-
fleld.

Bequests to Charities.

 

 

PARIS AMAZED AT MRS. SULZER.

“Journal des Debats” Saya That Her
“Statement” Is Sublime.
Special Cable Despatch to Tus Scx

 

Paris, Aug. 14.—Few internal events in|

America have attracted so much atten-
tion in the French press as the impeach-
ment of Gov, Sulzer of New York. The
interest in the affair, which was great
from the beginning, has increased tenfold
since the declaration of Mrs. Sulzer that
she handled some of the campaign contri-
butions and speculated fn stocks without
the knowledge of her husband.

The Journal des Dehbats in commenting
on the latter phase of the affalr says:

“What is extraordinary in Mrs. Sulzer's

 

| revelations is the attitude of this Amer-

The village of Cold Spring wll, overcome to-morrow.

| fe,

Cold |

}

ican wife.
fair way
disdain

ller husband seems to be tn a
to succumb, but she shows no
for a man who will possibly be
What is more, she
defends him by showing that she knows
what she is talking about. She prepares
a detailed report of the stock transactions
in which campaign funds were employed.

“This news deserves attention, as it
shows a revolution In American conjugal
Hitherto our conception of the hus-
band has been that of a breadwinner, a
money maker and a check signer, happy
in the fact that he waa able to supply his
wife with money to rain dollars tn Europe,
while we thought that she !gnored the
origin of the dollars and often was almost
unable to say what her husband's profes-
sion waa.

“We must now renounce this prejudice
before Mrs. Sulzer's detailed statement.
Such accountantlike precision would be
affecting anywhere, but in New York it is

| sublime.”
'

 

LAWSON WOULD AID SULZER.

Will Give £100,000 if 25 Others do
the Same.
PorTLAND, Ore, Aug.

 

14.—Thomas W

The trustees of the Association for the} Lawson of Boston, who has just arrived

Relief of
Females get $20,000,
104th street and Amsterdam avenue. The

Respectable Aged

i |
Indigent | here, declared that he would be one of
This charity $8 %t! twenty-five

men to contribute $100,005

each if necessary to a fund to }

Association for the Aid of Crippled @hil- | Sulzer of New York in a finish fight with

it over to him until he was properly identi- |

fied. Congressman Denis O'Leary sup-
plied the necessary identification and the
box was taken to the bank and later was
sent to Mr. Love.

 

FAIR LITIGANTS ANNOY JUDGE.

 

--Many Bequests to Aid

Philanthropies.
jand $5,000 goes to the Association of

|
or felonious assault. Magistrate Deuel The largest bequests were $109,000
New York Day Nurseries.

‘issued fourteen warrants for the arrest/each to the Children’s Aid Society, New
| of policemen, two and three warrants for | York Society for Improving the Condi-
| the same policemen. tion of the Poor, Board of Church Erec-
tion of the Presbyterian Church and the}
New York City Mission and Tract So-

 

Cold Spring and Nelsonville in Putnam
county is to be erected under the direc-

Mayor Accuses Whitman.

| 12 M. Mayor Gaynor issued a state-|clety. Bequests of $50,000 each were left} tion of the executors. It will be known |}
{ment accusing District Attorney Whit-|to the Orange Memorial Hospital, Mor-/as the Julia 1. Butterfleld
‘man of being behind the effort of Thomas; ristown Memorial Hospital, Overlook | Ruilding, and $40,000 is given for

construction,

Justice Tells Women Not to Bother; Healy, proprietor of the restaurant, to | Hospital of Summit, N. J., Morris County

Him Oat of Court. violate the liquor tax law. He insisted

that Healy was violating the law.

Supreme Court Justice Glegerich yves-; 12:30 P? M. The Grand Jury called for
terday issued a warning to women litl-;| Mr. Whitman and asked for evidence
gants, who have cases pending before! concerning the actions of the police at
him, to keep away from his chambers) Healy's. Mr. Whitman promised to give
and not try to discuss thelr cases with | it on Monday.
him out of court. 2 Pp. M. District Attorney Whitman

Mrs. Catherine McGinn, who is separ- | replied to Mayor Gaynor, saying that the
ated from her husband, Daniel McGinn, !s | policemen committed assaults on innocent
trying to get the custody of her son. | citizens In the raid.
When her lawyer started to state his 2:30 P. M. Inspector Dwyer was ar-
case Justice Glegerich said: ' raigned before Magistrate Deuel on the

“I wish you would tell your client to! charge of felonious assault and held in
keep away from my chambers. It !8/ $1,000 bail for examination to-morrow
very difficult to deal with the opposite sex | morning. Five policemen charged with

 

in ee this nes for often they simple assault were paroled in the cus-
appear to oe) apprec ation of sthe legal jtody of the Corporation Counsel.
proprieties involved in a case of this sort. 4:30 P. M. Mayor Gaynor held a con-
fe eee ae amare Wee 10 ference with Commissioner McKay and
off the bench. This applies to all he, Archibald Watson, Corporation Counsel.
gants who are perpetually trying to do | Following that talk correspondence between
things out of court.” the Mayor and the Police Department was

. made public. The Mayor directed Mr.
McKay not to disturb Healy's.

 

INCLINE PIN BREAKS; 8 KILLED.

Safety Chain Snaps Also, Shooting

Urges Grand Jury Inqairy,

6:30 P. M. Mr. Whitman made public
a letter from Magistrate Devel urging him
Car 3,300 Feet to Bottom, to have a Grand Jury inquiry into the

Cuirton, Ariz. Aug. 14.—Eight men! conduct of the police. He said the police
were killed yesterday on the Coronado !n-| had usurped judicial functions.
cline when a coupling pin broke, hurling 7:30 Pr. M. Commissioner McKay an-
the car 3,800 feet to the bottom of a| nounced that the police would not ring
38 degree grade. When the pin holding} the curfew at Healy's. He sald that the
the cable snapped the safety chain also/} o'clock closing order would be en-
broke. ‘ forced at all other restaurauts except
Of the twenty-elght on the car, three! those having all night licenses.
Americans, named Liddell, Scott and) phe day ended with what was regarded
Fight of

 

Ambler, promptly rolled off. by Thomas Healy, proprietor of the res-
those who remained on the car were killed, taurant, and owners of restaurants along
while others were injured so seriously that Broadway as a victory over the curfew
three more are expected to die. . order. While the other restaurateurs were

Among the dead are 8. Shafer of Met- content not to keep open they seemed
calf, formerly of Colorado, a mining eitwi-| certain that the Grand Jury inquiry would
neer, and Edward M. Jones of Morencl,! regyit in an interpretation of the Mquor
an electrician. tax law that would permit places having
hotel Hcenses to keep open for the sale of
food.

Mayor Gaynor and District Attorney
Whitman are at odds on that point. The
District Attorney stands on the decision
in Special Sessions, which was that Mr.
Healy was not acting contrary to law.
The Mayor contended that the law re-
fers distinctly to every room connected
with a restaurant as being really a part of
the bar. He said that his construction of
the law had been upheld by the courts,

 

TROY MAN HEADS TEMPLARS,

 

Arthur McArthur Elected Grandg
Master at Denver,

Denver, Col., Aug. 14.--Arthur Me-
Arthur of Troy, N, Y., was elected grand
master of the Grand Encampment Knights
Templars of the United States this morning
forty-five minutes after the grand encamp-
ment had convened in its final session of
the thirty-second triennial conclave,

The other officers chosed by the grand;
encampment are as follows: + Deputy |
grand master, Lee 8. Smith, Pittsburg,
Pa.; grand generalissimo, Joseph
Orr, Atlanta, Ga.; grond captain-general,
Jehel W. Chamberlin, St, Paul, Minn. ;
grand senior warden, Leonidas P. Newby,

Healy Asked to Test Law.

The excitement which has been caused
iby the raids by the police on Healy's
Kyle! searted much discussion as to the motives
! behind the controversy between the police
|and Mr. Healy, There seems to be little
Knightaville, Ind.; grand junior warden, ; doubt that restaurant proprietors, looking
W. H. Norris, Manchester, la, | forward to the autumn, when thousands

Los Angeles was chosen as the city) of persons return to the city, wished to
where the thirty-third triennial conclave | increase their profits by having the privi-
will be held in 1016. lege of keeping open after 1 o'clock, They
are reported to have urged Mr. Healy to

es Ponpinyed on Fourth Page, __

ithout AN-
mous tonler—

ot com,
world-famous

 

 

 

job! le
UMA

| Children’s Home, Fresh Air Home for
Crippled Children and the East Side Mis-
sion of the Madison Square Presbyterian
; Church.

Justice Guy says ex-Mayor Ely must
have intended that the bequests were to
be paid out of his real estate as well as
his personal property because he was |
fully advised as to the nature and value
of his property.

The bequest to the Crippled
Home was declared void because
home is conducted by an incorporated
association and the ‘legacy to the 7

|

Children's
the

Cemetery because the cemetery associa-
tion is not permitted to hold property
worth more than $5,000.

SEA SLED FOR VINCENT ASTOR.

I¢ Will Be Used as Yacht Tender
and Makes 28 Knots.

Newport, Aug. 14.—A new hydroplane
for Vincent Astor was delivered here
to-day by the builders. The boat, or
sea led as it si called, resembles a hob-
sled with a V shaped bottom. The hull
js made of mahogany, and a_ builders’ |
trial around the harbor this afternoon |
showed that the boat, which can seat |
five persons and which. will be used asj
a tender to the Noma, will be able to |
make twenty-e'lght to thirty knots an |
hour between the yacht and the shore. |

Mr. Astor has not seen the boat yet, |
but he will return to-morrow from a short
cruise on the Noma |

ecabehaeihinaesieabtesineiniipienieieds |
TIE LIONESS TO MANICURE HER. |
Rose Chews Splinters From Scant-

ling as Clawea Are Clipped.

Rose, a big lioness in the Central
Park menagerie, was lassoed and tied
yesterday so that several of her claws
that curved and cut into the flesh could
be trimmed.

The lioness objected to the manicuring
and fotght. As she had to bite some-
thing in her rage a piece of scantling |
was held toward her. She relleved her
feelings by chewing splinters from it.

Head Keeper Billy Snyder after lussoing
her four feet pulled her to the bar of |
her cage. There the head keeper used

pincers to clip eight claws.

MIDDLE NAME NOT MARY Now. |

Woman Author Prefers Everett—|

Name of Mr. French Enlarged. |

Edith Mary Burgess of 331 West’
Eighty-third street, who describes herself,
as an author, got permission yesterday |
from Supreme Court Justice Guy to drop |
the name Mary and call herself Hdith |
Everett Burgess, because she believes the
change will be advantageous to her In

her profession. |
Aston Key French of 318 West hen: |

 

 

 

 

seventh street got permission to call him-
self Nicholas Humphrey Foulke French
because his present name doesn't mean
anything, while the name he is assuming |
4a a family name, and will be of financial '
benefit to ’ ; -

ee eee

and $10,000 is left in trust for its main-
tenance.

A hospital at some spot accessible to|

dren, 5 Livingston place, gets $10,000, | Tammany Hall.

Mr. Lawson said he telegraphed his

In his message Mr. Lawson
to undertake the formation of the

mittee.
“LT told him in my telegram that !f he

com-

Hospital! would turn over the whole flgnt to the
it9} committee 1 would form,” said Mr. Law-
$10,000 for Its equipment} son, “we would get right behind him.

Mr. Lawson did not receive an answer |
The executors are authorized | from Sulzer before leaving to-day with
also to spend $30,000 in the erection Of &) nig son-in-law, George

MeCall, for tis

library for the use of the inhabitants of | panoh near Pineville, in Crook county.
}

Cold Spring and Nelsonville. An addi-
tional $30,000 is set aside in trust for its
maintenance, The building will be
known as the Julia L. Butterfleld Library
Building. Many of the books and pic-
tures

Ubrary and a large orchestrion

now at Cragside will go to this;
owned !

CULLEN HOLDS THE POWER.

 

Only He Can Convene Coart of Ap-
peals Before Sept. 2%.
Aug. 14.—The only

ALBANY, one who

by Mrs. Butterfleld will be put in the lec- | could bring the Court of Appeals back to

ture hall

Albany in session before the date for the

The books at Més. Rutterfleld’s winter | convening of the fall term of the court on

residence, @16 Fifth avenue, are left to! September 29 is the Chief Judge of

¢

the

the Philbrick James Library in the town | court, Edgar M. Cullen.

of Deerfield, N. H. This institution will
algo receive $4,000 and several pictures
and bookcases,

War Relies Go to Utica,

Gen. Butterfleld’s flags and war relics

are given to the Historical ‘Society ot |

VUtiea, ot which city Gen, Butterfleld was
a native. These relics include .he sword
presented to Gen, Butterfleld by the of-
ficers in his command, gold spurs pre-
sented by the fleld officers of the Third
Light Brigade, a piece of shell which
wounded Gen. Butterfleld at Gettysburg
on July 3, 1868; a medal of honor pre-
sented to the General by Congress and
other medals, a wedding gift from the
Count de Paris, who was with Gen. But-

terfleld in the civil war, and numerous
flags, memorials, paintings and other
relics having to do with the civil or

Revolutionary war,

A large painting by Pompeo Bartoni,
at the Fifth avenue house, entitled
“Triumph of Venice,” is left to the New
York Publile Library.

Most of Mrs. Butterfleld’s Revolution-
ary relics will go to the new library at
Cold Spring, with a portrait of Gen.
Scott painted by Prof. Weir of West
Point. One of the Revolutionary relics
is an fron staple taken from the chain
which was stretched across the Hudson
River to prevent ships from going up the
river during the Revolution.

The executors are directed to cause
to be made and erected near or in Cen-
tral Park “a colossal statue of Gen.
Daniel Butterfleld, representhg him
standing with his arms folded and wear-
ing a cocked hat," as shown in a bronse
bas relief in the rooms of the Historical
Society at Utica.

There are many personal bequests,
most of which are in sums of $6,000 or
$10,000. Lady Margaret Alchin, wife of
Sir Willlam Alchin of London, will re-
ceive $10,000; John Holland, nephew of
Gen. Butterfield, $10,000; Mary Holland,
$10,000, and Alexander Holland, $10,000,
Daniel Butterfield, som of the late Theo-
dore Butterfield, receives $10,000, which
will be held in trust by the executors
during his minority.

Each of Mrs. Butterfleld’s servants re-
ceives a legacy. Those who had been in
her employ for a long time will get sev-

Continued on Second Page,

of
by

the Court of Appeais
the presiding officer

The Judges
will be notified

 

,of impeachment to try Gov. Sulaer, but
‘the Governor of the State has no power
to convene the Court of Appeals to pass
on the expected Htigation over the
to the office of Governer, There
provision
pels the Chief Judge of the court to con-
vene the court in session to consider an
appeal in Ht!gation in which an appor-

 

is a

jtlonment Jaw fs Involved, but the con-
'vening of the court to consider any other

question {ts discretionary with the Chief
Judge.

It 1s the custom of attorneys to request
the Chief Judge in writing to convene
the court in emergencies such as !n elec-
tion disputes, and this must be the pro-

cedure regarding the convening of the
Court of Appeals within the next week

or two to pass on the title to the office

jof Governor as between Martin H. Glynn
‘and Willlam Sulzer.

The Governor has power to
the Appellate Division of the Supreme
Court in special session, which court must
first pass upon the proceeding which is

to result in testing the title to the office |

of Governor, and in this instance !t 1s
expected that both Mr. Glynn and Mr,
Sulzer will make such a request of Walter
Lloyd Smith of Elmira, Presiding Jus-
tice of this diviston, to convene the court,

LINEUP OF RIVAL FORCES,

Liat of Departments Controlled by
Sulser or Glynn.

ALBANY, Aug. 14.—There 1s no question
that the majority of the State gepart-
ments are ready to recognize Mr. Glynn
as acting Governor. The lineup of the
departments for Mr. Sulzer and for Mr,
Glynn 1s as follows :

For Sulzer—Executive staff, Prison Su-
perintendent, Commissioner of Highways,
Hospital Commissioner, Civil Service
Commission, Superintendent of Banks,
Public Service Commission of the Second
district and the Labor and Health depart-
ments.

For Glynn--The Legislature, Attorney-
General, Comptroller, Trustees of Public
Buildings, Tax Commissioner, Excise De-
partment, State Engineer and Surveyor,
majority of the Conservation Commission,
the Canal Board and the Board of Eiti-
clency and Economy.

 

 

sack Goy.!

offer to Sulzer on Tuesday from Seattle. ,
volunteered |

of the Senate of the convening of the court)

title
'

in the Constitution which com- |

convene!

FIELDER RECOGNIZES RIVAL

—_——

‘Impeached Executive's Office
Reports Offers of Aid—
Mrs. Sulzer Worse.

 

 

 

The battle for the Governorship
New York State will enter an epistolary
| stage this mornin.

{| Acting Governor Gtynn will send a
letter to Gov. Sulzer demanding the sur-
render of the office. Mr. Sulzer has
prepared a letter refusing to surrender
and saying that he will exercise the
functions of the Governorship pend-
ing a decision by the Court of Appeals,

The great seal of the State was
|} chained to a table in Mr. Sulzer's pri-
| vate office in the Capitol to-night. To
make sure that nobody would get in

Mr. Sulzer again had armed guards at

the door,
Mr. Glynn so far has signed no State
papers acting Governor. Mr, Sul-
zer on the other hand honored requi-
sitions for the extradition of two
prisoners to other States,

Mayor Gaynor may be asked to-day
, to order the acting Police Commissioner

to give up one of the prisoners on the
| ground that Mr. Sulzer has honored the

request for extradition.

| Gov. Fielder of New Jersey has recog-
| nized Mr. Glynn as the acting Governor
j by action {in an extradition case.

Mr. Sulzer was at his office in the
| Capitol all day yesterday dictating let-
jters and seeing friends and reporters,

Many assurances of friendship and of-
| fers of help In his fight were reported
las having been recelved during the day.

Word of Mrs. Sulzer’s illness was of a
y More cheering sort in the afternoon than

earlier in the day. Rut at midnight she
suffered a relapse and her physician said

she was critically ill,

PREPARATIONS FOR BATTLE.

Glynn Has a Conference With His
Lawyers,
14.-—At

acting

ALBANY, Aug
morrow morning
H
fam Sulser demanding
his office
Glynn and his counsel this afternoon

It is expected that Mr. Sulzer will
the to
Glhyons
Mr
to act As such unless the Court of
Such a

11

Gover

oeclock to-
nor Martin
Will-

surrender

Glynn will send a letter to Gov
the

of

Mr,

The letter was prepared by

ate
Mr,
saving that
is Governor and will continue
Ap-
letter

swer demand by handing

messenger a letter

Sulzer

peals rules against him
is reads

‘iov. Sulzer started a test of his own
powers to-day by signing requisitions for
the extradition of two prisoners to New
Jersey and West Virginia. The prisoner
wantod in West Virginia is James Molles,
how in the Must 104th street station, New
York city, charged with passing a bad
, check Sido

Deputy Sheriff David ©. Bartels of
Martinsburg, W. Va., came to the Capitol
late this and asked Mr
to sign the requisition Mr

afternoon Glynn

isn told

him that he would not do it unless Mr.
Sulzer refused to sign it himself The
travel worn deputy then went to Mr. Sul-

zer’s offlve and got his signature

The Pilgrim's Dismay,

When the deputy returned to the Lieu
! tenant-Governor's otlice Mr. Glynn re-
| fused to add his signature to that of Mr,
\
!
'

|
|

Sulzer, So the pilgrim from West Vir-
ginia, vowing that nobody in Albany knew
who was Governor of the State and that
aman who had travelled so far should be
more courteously treated, left) for New
| York at 7 o'clock tn the evening, He said
, that he would ask “Mayor Qaynor to-mor-
row morning to order the neting tolice
Commissioner=—Mr, Waldo is in eurepe =
, to honor the signature of William Sulzer
1 and allow the prisoner, James Molley,
be taken back to Martinsburg.
be that Mayor Gaynor, wi ex-Supreme
Court Justice, will have the earliest job
of deciding which of the State's two Gove
ernors is the right one,

Mr. Glynn signed no State papers to-
day, He will make no attempt to perform
; any function of the Governorship until
| after his letter is sent to Mr, Sulzer

tuo
So it may

|

 

Mr. Sulger was in bis office from tb
“elock in the morning to 7 o'vlock to.
) night. He signed many letters, most of

persons in the State expressing approval
of his course. He posed twice for photo
graphs, standing beside a floral horseshoe
five feet high, which was conspicuously
labelled “From the People.’ He has had
some sleep and looks all right.

!
{
| Shen sald to be replies to letters tron
|

 

MeCabe Servea Papers,

Patrick FE. McCabe, clerk of the Senate,
served on Myr. Sulzer this morning the
articles and notice of impeachment and
A summons to appear before the impeuch-
ment court on September 18, Mr. Sulzer
them on a table and said “AML
| righs.” It is not known when Mp. @ulser
will submit a test case to the Court of
; Appeals, or on what case the application
the court will be made. The Cio.
ernper's progr#ainine is to have the case
igo tirst before the Appellate Division of
the Supreme Court for the Albany dis-

threw

vf