ee

“VoL, LIMV.—¥O._ 10,
10 RAKE UP RACE QUESTION

IN

 

THREAT MADE
SENATE

REPUBLICAN
THE

 

As Offset to Biackburn's Proposal Net to
auestion President's Right to Dis-
oilss Negro Treops—The Two Parties
Plunge Suddenly Into a Biiter Strife.

VaSHINGTON, Jan. 17. Just at the mo-
rent when everything had been arranged
for the harmonious adjustment of the con-
troversy over President Roosevelt's order
dismissing three companies of negro troops
a bombshell was exploded right in the
middle of the calm and satisfied Republican
camp which has completely changed the
situation. Senator Bjackburn of Kentucky,
chosen leader of the Senate Democrats,
threw the bomb, It was in the form of an
amendment to the Foraker harmonizing
recolution presented yesterday ,and pro-
posed to place the Senate on record as not
questioning the right of the President to
dismiss the negro soldiers. The Foraker
reaolution provides for an inquiry into the
facts of the Brownsville riot, leaving for
future determination the question of the
President's constitutional and legal au-
thority to issue the discharge order. With
the Blackburn amendment added the
matter of ascertaining whether the Presi-
dent acted within his rights would be
eliminated.

But there was another surprise in store.
Soon after Mr. Blackburn had thrown his
bombshell and produced a high state of
excitement on the majority side of the
chamber it began to be whispered around
that the astute Senator Aldrich, the ac-
knowledged leader of the Republicans, in-
tended to propose a resolution for an inquiry
into the race question in the South. This

put the Democrats ina panic. Nearly every
Democratic Senator is from the South and
they realized that such an inquiry as that
which Mr. Aldrich was said to have in con-
templation would embrace the suppression
of the negro vote and possibly lead to cutting
down Southern representation in Congress.

The situation presented was peculiar,
even unique. The Republican Senators
were placed in the attitude of opposing
a proposition of the Democrats to indorse
the acts of a Republican President. Not
a champion of Mr. Roosevelt appeared
among the Republicans, all of whom felt
bound by the agreement they had reached
to put through the Foraker resolution
for a simple inquiry into the Brownsville
riot without passing prior to the inquiry
on the question of the President's right to
dismiss the negro troops.

At one time there was talk of treachery
in the Republican ranks, hints that Ad-
ministration Senators had induced Senator
Blackburn to propose his amendment in-
dorsing the President. Bt this was soon
disproved. None worked harder with
Blackburn in the effort to have him with-
draw his amendment than Senator Lodge,
the President's intimate friend and fore-
most supporter, among the Republicans in
the Brownsville agitation. Aldrich, Knox
and Crane worked too.

When Senators heard that Mr. Aldrich
was preparing or had prepared a resolution
providing for an inquiry into the race ques-
tion some of them went to him and learned
that the rumors were partly true. He
waid he hadn’t determined the exact char-
acter or the scope of the resolution, but
it would certainly be written and be pre-
sented if Mr. Blackburn persisted in
pressing his amendment virtually indors-
ing the President's dismissal of the colored
soldiers . “

No adjustment of the differences between
the two sides of the chamber had been
reached when the Senate adjourned. Con-
ferences were held in the Democratic cloak-
room between Mr. Blackburn and his sup-
porters and in the Republican cloakroom
Mr. Aldrich and the other leaders talked
over the situation. Just before the con-
clusion of the day’s session Mr. Aldrich in
the hope of securing time for conference
tried to get the Senate to agree to adjourn
over until Monday, but the Democrats
resisted this and the plan fell through.
The Republican leader asked for a ocon-
ference with Mr. Blackburn but had to
send for him three times before he came.
The Kentucky Senator put down his foot,
however, and declined to yield. That was
the condition of affairs when the Senate
adjourned until to-morrow.

Mr Blackburn’s proposal is similar in
effect to that offered by Senator Lodge.
Opposition to the Lodge amendment arose
among the Republicans, most of whom
were of the opinion that the President ex-
ceeded his authority in discharging , the
negro troops without honor but did not
want to vote against a resolution supporting
the President.

Mr. Lodge ultimately withdrew his amend-
ment and as a result of the conference the
Republicans agreed to support the substi-
tute Foraker resolution of yesterday for a
simple inquiry into the facts of the Browns-
ville raid. With this agreement about to
be carried into effect the Republican Sena-
tors were naturally nonplussed by Mr.
Blackburn's action in presenting an amend-
ment of the eame intent as that which they
had persuaded one of their own number to
withdraw.

While no definite plan has been agreed
upon by the Republicans, it was tentatively
agreed when their conference ended to-day
that they should vote to table the Black-
burn resolution if it came to a vote, after
explaining that it was not necessary or
proper to consider the matter of indorsing
the President until the facts of the Browns-
ville riot had been ascertained. Mr. Ald-
rich doesn't seem to be worried over the
outcome. He went to New York to-night.

Mr. Foraker addressed the Senate to-day
in support of his resolution. He referred
to the statement of Mr. Lodge of Massa-
chusetts that the framers of the Federal
Constitution had intended to confer on the
President, as Commander-in-Chief, the
tame powers as were exercised by the King
of England.

“I am surprised,” sald Mr. Foraker, “that
the Senator from Massachusetts of all men
should have made that statement. Massa-
chusetts was the scene of the Tea Party, of
Bunker Hill and other incidents of the
Revolution. The ancestors of the people
of Massachusetts fled from kings and kingly
power and they did not come to America
to reestablish that power.”

Mr. Foraker aroused some amusement by
—_—_.

“A LITTLE HIGHER IN PRICE—SUT!”

 

ih
‘pike Dal

 

 

BY wins SAT ee all SOE

Pre Tee = vn

ty ne
ee, .

Rat
—,

+N

 
 

 

 

making @ contrast between the powers of
the late Oom Paul Kruger as President of
the Transvaal and President Roosevelt
Kruger, he declared, changed the law
| from hour to hour to meat situations as
they arose.

“But even the President would hardly
| stand for that sort, however much he
| might wish to change the law to meet this
j; Situation.”

Raising his voice and with great ear-
nhestness, the Ohio Senator continued:
| “The President, no more than anybody
| else, can take the law into his own hands.
| The men accused here without a hearing
| oa the charge of being murderous cut-
throate and midnight aesassins have hon-
orable records in the army, as honorable
as the President’s or anybody else's, from
the highest to the lowest, and yet they do
not get the right to appear before some
tribunal somewhere, some time and say
‘L am not guilty.’ If we have anything in
our institutions that denies them that right
it is a shame and a disgrace!”

“The President's order,” he said, “is
without authority, and that those men
should be indicted, tried and judgment
executed against them by Executive order,
without an opportunity for them to be
heard, is a disgrace to the United States.”

At the conclusion of Mr. Foraker’s speech
Representative James Wadsworth of New
York and others warmly congratulated
him. Mr. Lodge was prepared to speak
briefly in reply to Mr, Foraker, but under
previous notice the Senate proceeded to
memorialize the late Senator Bates of
‘ennessee.

JACKSON IN CONTEMPT, MAYBE,

Served With Notice of a Motion to Be Made

‘Tomorrow fer an Order te Punish Him.

ALBANY, Jan. 17.--Attorney-General Jack-
son was served this afternoon with a notice
of a motion to be made at the Special Term
of the Supreme Court in this city on Satur-
day, January 26, for an order to punish him
for contempt of court for permitting the
beginning of an action in quo warranto
to test the title to the office of Mayor of
New York city while there waa pending
@ temporary writ to restrain him from
holding a hearing on an application of
counsel for William R. Hearst that he give
his consent to such an action.

The motion is based on an affidavit by
Mayor McClellan, in which facta are al-
leged which it is held should adjudge the
Attorney-General to have been in contempt
and to call for his punishment therefor.
The substance of the Mayor's statement
is a recital of the well known facts connected
with the proceedings growing out of the
application of Mr. Hearst's counsel for the
hearing, which it is asserted involved a
violation of the writ of prohibition which
had been iasued by Supreme Court Justice
Fitts, which writ is held to have required
Attorney-General Jackson to withdraw
and discontinue the quo warranto action
brought by him against the Mayor and to
have enjoined him from taking further
proceedings in that action.

Mayor MoClellan quotes from newspaper
interviews with Attorney-General Jackson
to show that he threatened to pursue the
action in quo warranto in violation of Justice
Fitte’s writ. The order asks that Attorney -
General Jackson shail be adjudged guilty
and imprisoned for contempt until the quo
warranto action is withdrawn and discon-
tinued.

Eugene L. Richards, Jr., the Mayor's
personal counsel, is his attorney in this
proceeding. The papers were served late
in the day and the Attorney-General was
not prepared to-night to make any answer
to them.

PERSISTENT ASSASSIN'S WORK.

 

 

 

 

Poison, Fire, Dynamite and Bullets Directed
Against Widow and Sons.

THomasvitte, Ga., Jan. 17.—The tenth
attempt to kill Mrs. Alice Futch and her
sons Allen and John was made at 1 o'clock
this morning when rifle bullets were fired
into the sleeping rooms of the mother and
sons, Although the Futch home was
guarded at the time by a dozen men none
of the guards saw the would be assassins
who fired from a clump of trees.

The attempts to destroy the family began
last June and have continued at intervals
ever since in the following order:

June 4, poison in water pail and coffee;
Mrs. Futch and Allen poisoned. June 10,
poison in flour; Mrs Futch and Allen pois-
oned. July 6, poison in chicken; Mrs.
Futeh; Allen and John poisoned. July 10,
poison in dinner; Mrs. Futch poisoned.
July 18, poison in the flour: Dr. Taylor, the
Rev. T. A. White, Mrs. Futch, Allen and
sixteen others poisoned. July 21, poison in
coffee; Mrs. Futch poisoned. July 13, poison
in supper; Mrs. Futch, John and Allen
poisoned. January 7,dynamite bomb under
Allen Futch’s bed. January 13, assassin
atte to fire the house. January i6,
bullets fired into house.

Ao detectives have been at work
constantly no clue has been found.

The Futch family consists of Mrs. Futch
and her two young sons. The family is
wealthy and prominent, Mr. Futch having
left more than $200,000 at his death three
geese age. The apparent absence of mo-
tive es the case most mysterious. The
family is not known to have an enemy.
The general opinion now is that a white
man is res ible, possibly. a rejected
suitor for Mrs. Futch's hand.

An armed guard has been employed and
patrols the yard, but despite the guards
the murderous attempts continue.

 

RECEIVERS FOR CITY RAILROADS

 

Proposed if They Don't Obey the New Com-
mission When Created.

The Republican county committee
adopted last night a resolution recommend-
ing the enactment of legislation as sug-
gested by Gov. Hughes for the appointment
of a new railroad commission for the metro-
politan district to take over the powers
now possessed in this city by the State
Railroad Commission and the Rapid Transit
Commission, This resolution was adopted
after the reading of a report of an investi-
gation made by a special committee of the
transit conditions of thie city. The com-
mitteerecommended that sucha commission
should not*only have the power to late
the local railroads but that it should be
vested with power vo enforce ita orders by
fixing penalties. It was also propeses by
the committee that in case the penalties
remained unpaid for thirty days
ceiver for the company

| to make payment of the penalties and oper-
| ate the roads in accordance with said order

A bill along
; these lines will be prepared.

The proposals to change the rules of the
county committee so as to improve the
existing direct nomination system and to
provide for greater uniformity in the dis-
trict representations on the committee
were laid over for further consideration un-
til the next meeting.

“a re-

| until such payment is made.”

 

 

RAT Oe ee
Peer Eas

J

EW YORK, FRIDAY, JANUARY

should be appointed |

| PARIS HOME FOR STILLMAN.

BANKER SAID T0 WAVE BOUGHT
A HOUSE ON PARC MONCEAU,

{ Has Withdrawn From Several Directorates
and Is Dikely to Spend More Time
Avroad—Will Come Back, It ls Re-
peated, if His Testimeny's Wanted,

A report which reached this city yeater-
day that James Stillman has bought a
house on the Parc Monceau in Paris was
partially confirmed at the National City
Bank. Mr. Stillman's friends said that
it was his intention when he sailed from
this country on January 8 to buy a house
in Paris, and although nothing definite
had been heard from him in regard to the
matter it was presumed that the report
was true. He had had the buying of a
house there in mind for a long time.

The news of Mr. Stillman's purchase
led to a revival of the story which was
circulated after he had sailed on the Kaiser
Wilhelm II. that he inténded to make his
home in France, and probably would not
return to thiscountry. Frank A. Vanderlip,
the City Bank vice-president, who will
be in charge while Mr. Stillman is away,
said yesterday:

“Mr. Stillman is not going to remain
abroad permanently. If he has bought
a house it was a very natural thing for
him to do, as he has been spending some
time in Paris in recent years and proposes
to make visits in the future. Naturally
he would prefer a house of his own to a
hotel.”

From some of Mr. Stillman's friends
it was learned that he is planning gradually
to withdraw from active participation
in maay of the enterprises in which he
has been connected. It was said that
he has withdrawn from a few directorates
already and has gradually been delegating
to other persons supervision over the de-
tails of the National City Bank's affairs.
Mr. Stillman's friends denied, however,
that he contemplated withdrawing from
the presidency of the bank. At the bank
it was said that it was indefinite when Mr,
Stillman would return from this trip abroad,
but he would probably be gone two or
three months. The statement was reiter-
ated that he would cut short hie stay if it
was found that the Interstate Commerce
Commission needed him as a witneds.

It is the general belief of those who have
followed the Harriman investigation be-
fore the Interstate Commerce Commission
that Mr. Stillman will be wanted. He
might, it has been suggested, be able to
give a detailed explanation of that transfer
of $30,000,000 Southern Pacific stock to Will-
iam Rockefeller and to make it clear
whether or not any of the directors of the
Union Pacific had anything to do with the
pool which broke James R. Keene's at-
tempted corner, sent the stock tumbling
downward and then brought it up again.
Mr. Stillman is a director of the Union
Pacific Railroad and several other of the
Harriman corporations.

 

 

MRS. JACK RESIGNS.

 

Woman Whe Tried te Sell Love Lelters No
Longer a Public Scheol Teacher

Mrs. Queenie C. Jack, who tried to sell
some of her old love letters, was dropped
from the roll of teachers in the public
schoole yesterday at her own request.
She was a substitute teacher in Public
School 125, at Wooster and Houston streets.

Associate Superintendent George Davis
ia in charge of the district in which that
school is situated. He called upon her
for a statement in regard to the fact that
she was supposed to be an unmarried
woman at the time she was engaged. She
sent him a letter yesterday to the effect
that she desired to resign her post as teacher
in the public schools of this city.

The board of superintendents held a
meeting late in the afternoon and Mr.
Davis submitted the letter with his explana-
tion of the woman’s connection with the
schools and her recent prominence before
the public. The board decided to accept
the resignation. As she was not holding
a@ permanent position the board could have
dismissed her without making charges
and holding a trial.

 

TOLSTOV'S NEPHEW KILLED.
Borned to Death With Five Guests In Fire
That Destroyed His Home.

Spectal Cable Despatch to Tux Sum.

Moscow, Jan. 17.—The residence of
Count Nicholas Tolstoi, a nephew of the
well known autbor, at Byhova, has been
burned.

The house was filled with guests, who
were spending the Russian New Year.
Five of these and Count Nicholas were
cremated. Countess Tolstoi escaped by
jumping from a window. ,

BRIDGE LOOP PLAN AGREED ON,

Metz Yields a Point and Suggests B. BR. T.
Trains in the Subway.

A comromise was practically reached yes-
terday at the meeting of the Rapid Transit
Commission between the members who have
been advocating joining the bridge terminals
by an elevated railroad loop and those who
have been fighting for a subway. Comp-
troller Metz made an effort yesterday to
have the board consent to the elevated, but
when he saw that it was hopeless, suggested
that the relief sought for by Brooklyn might
be provided by building the subway loop
and a connection with the new terminal of
the Brooklyn Bridge which would allow
the trains of the Brooklyn Rapid Transit
Company to run through thessubway.
was referred to the chief

id Transit Commission
rtment, and it will

 

he

engineers of the
and of the Bridge
probably &° through.

No mention was made at the meeting of
the danger of operating the present rollin
stock of the Brooklyn company in a tunnel.
Hitherto when plans have been suggested
for a subway loop which could be used by
the Brookiye company President Winter
of the B. RK. T. has said

that his company

could not use such a oem, because it could
not afford to buy new rolling stock to meet
the requirements of the commission that
only fireproof cars shall be run in subways.
this fact was pointed out to Mr.

| Metz at the close of the meeting he said that
it would take three or four years to build the
| subway, and that in the meantime the B. R.
T. would undoubtedly improve ite rolling
stock, and that anyway the distance to be
covered in the wnoey would be short.

a.

a LLL LLL LLL LLL LL LLL LLL LLL ALLL
a

 

Ma McClellan, who favored the Com
*secheme, dismissed the question with
the remark: “That's only a detail.”

Senator McCarren attended yesterday's
| meeting of the board to wep speedy action
in the matter of bettering trangit facilities
between this borough and Brooklyn. He
suggested that unless something was done
soon the board might expect to be legis-
lated out of office. '
After all, Usher's the Soote’s
» Wat made the bighball famous.—Ads.
Pt gc

Be li ib
oe

 

' company downtown where t

|

TE): .
Y i)
Fis tte

al N65) 810 tg

GUGGENUHEIWS HIGH RESOLVE.

Says He's Going to the Senate With Ne Alm
but Buty and to Win ener.
Denver, Col., Jan. 17.—In an interview
to-day Senator-elect Simon Guggenbeim
said

“It's up to me,

 

If I'f@ an honest mao

; and work honestly for this State I'm going

to make my name honored in America,
and I want to do that above everything.

“I have all the wealth I need or desire.
I am quite independent. There is no man
can force me into anybody's band wagon.
I am going to the Senate to represent all
the people of Colorado and [ mean to do
it in a way that will make all the people
my friends. If I am honest I will have
their support: if I am not they will villify
me. I want to make a name for family
and bring honor to my race.

“I don’t pretend to be a statesman,” be
went on. “As a political force from this
State, I will be only one man amid ninety,
but as a man believing in an expansionist
policy for Colorado, I think that I can do
a great deal. I don’t want to boast about
it, but I have cut myself absolutely free
from all my business obligations at some
personal sacrifices, and I will go to Wash-
ington as free as the freast man in Cone
gress.”

“Do you know,” he added refiectively;
“that I think the time is coming when men
of wealth will only be too glad to make
personal sacrifices to serve their country
faithfully.”

YOUNG FAIRBANKS GIVES BAIL.

 

 

Furnishes $500 Bond in Perjury Case
—May Never Be (Called,

STEUBENVILLE, Ohio, Jan. 17.—Frederick
C. Fairbanks, the Vice-President’s son,
came to Steubenville last night from his
home at Spnngfield, and thia morning ap-
peared in court and gave bail under the
charge of subornation of perjury in connec-
tion with his marriage license, on which he
was indicted a few days ago.

Mr. Fairbanks was accompanied by his
unole, H. H. Fairbanks, and Attorney Charles
F. Stewart of Springfield.

Fairbanks declares he is innocent, and
said he would have no trouble proving 1¢.
His bail was fixed at $500 and two business
men went on his bond.

While in court Fairbanks received many
expressions of sympathy and regret from
members of the bar and citizens. No date
was set for the trial, and it is possible the
case may never be called.

ITALY FOR DISARMAMENT.

Disposed to Take Initiative Even if The
Hague Conference Shouldn't Agree to It.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THe Sun,

Rome, Jan. 17.—The correspondent of
Tue Sun is informed by an ex-Minister of
the Foreign Office that Italy, in addition
to being prepared to support Anglo-Ameri-
can initiative at The Hague for a reduction
of armaments, is disposed, in the event of
a disagreement between the Powers, to
assume the initiative herself, basing jt
on the plea of the expediency for the diminu-
tion of taxation and the needlesaneas of
armaments for her own defence, owing to
the Triple Alliance "Mid the Anglo-French
entente.

The informant added that Austro-German
opposition to such a step was absolutely
excluded. He asserted that Signor Tittoni,
Minister of Foreign Affairs, strenuously
advocated disarmament.

 

 

CUBAN EDITOR'S STAFF BALKS

At Fighting His Duels—All Havana at
Swords’ Points.
Spectal Cable Despatch to TAR SUN

Havana, Jan. 17.--Orestes Ferrara and
Manuel Piedra visited the office of the
Diacuairn this morning to challenge Sefior
Coronado, the editor of that paper, but
he was confined to his bed from the injuries
he received at the hands of Col. Mendieta
yesterday. Sefior Dolz, the acting editor,
received Ferrara and Piedra, who told
him they would fight him or any other
member of the staff. Sefior Dolz said that
he must consult the other members of
the staf.

Later ex-Congressman Mendoza Guerra,
another Liberal, visited Dolz and challenged
him or any other member of the staff to
fight a duel. This afternoon Sefior Dolz
wrote a reply saying that the affair could
not be taken to the field of honor because
Col. Mendieta in attacking Sefior Coronado
had acted as a ruffian, not a gentleman.

The trouble grew out of the Discusion
publishing a story of the police raid on a
cockfight at Marianao Sunday, when a
number of the Liberal leaders were arrested.
Among the prisoners were Col. Mendieta.

It is believed that many duels will follow
Col. Mendieta’s assault on Sefior Coronado,
Political feeling is at fever heat.

The newspaper Fl Rebelde prints the
most violent and obscene insults and cari.
catures of Sefiores Coronado and Dolz.

MUST OBEY RULES—LANTRY.

Fines Fire Foreman Whe Got Shot While
Away Witheat Leave.

Foreman James Sullivan, who got a bullet
in the chin while trying to take a revolver
from Mrs. Brassier on December 15 at Firat
avenue and Fourteenth street, was up for
trial before Fire Commissioner Lantry
yestereee. The charge against him was

ing absent from quarters without leave
at the time the shooting occurred.

“I went out to take the air and on my
wey back to quarters I met with an accident
and was taken to the hospital, where I
remained for six days,” he said.

The accident he referred to was the
pistol shot.

“Did you obtain leave to
stroll, as you describe it?” ¢
sioner asked him.

“I supposed I could, as commander of the
one. go out for a short time.”

“Company commanders must obey the
rules just as well as the men under them.
You are fined two days pay for your viola-
tion of the rules,” Commissioner Lantry
announced,

Sullivan at the time of the shooting was
foreman of the company which has head
quarters in East Fourteenth street. He
explained his connection with the affair by
saying that he tried to take the revolver
from the woman under the impression that
she meant to kill herself. In the struggle
he received a slight injury on the chin.
Since then he has been transferred to a
fire alarms

o out for a
Commis-

are numerous.

DEADLOCK IN RHODE ISLAND,
Only One Vote Changed From the Original
Alignment In Senator Contest.

Provipence, Jan. 17.—Gov. George H.
Utter gained another vote in the contest
for United States Senator to-day, Repre-
sentative Danie: 8. Latham of Cranston
joining Senator Henry A. Palmer.

The result of to-day’s ballot was prac-

tically the same as on the first day God-
dard got 41 y Wetmore 31, Colt 37 and’ Utter 2,
Rome of Utters votes were drawn from

 

 

rae A : is m a) 8 Eo it ie Ly igi! os

sb ith en eat

 

HEATON DESCRIBES TAE RUIN.

PARLIAMENT MEMBER CABLES
EARTHQUAKE STORY.

 

 

Graphic Account of the Destruction—Sir
James Fergusson Killed tn the Club
—Heaton Escaped Death Narrowly on
the Street—The: Havec and Panic.

Special Cable Despatch to TAR SUN.

Lonpvon;, Jan. 18.—John Henniker Heaton,
M. P., one of the party which accompanied
Sir Alfred Jones to Kingston, telegraphs
to the Times, under date of January 17:

“After the opening ceremony at the
Agricultural Conference Gov. Swettenham
invited ten of us to lunch with him at the
Jamaica Club, including Sir James Fer-
gusson, who had arrived the day before,
and who gave us an interesting account of
the work on the Panama Canal.

An hour afterward Sir James was buried
amid tons of brick and stone, The first
fear as to his fate was due to the fact that
he had not returned during the night to
Government House, where he was staying,
and at 5 o'clock in the morning the Gov-
ernor came aboard the Port Kingston
in which Sir James had taken passage
home, to inquire for his guest.

“After the lunch I left the club and went
with the Hon. Mr. Cork, a member of the
council and a leading planter, to visit
the post office and was returning from
there when the earthquake took place.

The street was a moderate sived one,
and the moment the ground began to quake
thousands of people rushed and jumped
into the street from the houses. A build-
ing fell acrose the street a yard before us.
Another building blocked the street be-
hind us, and on our left a third building fell
into the street.

“Then followed absolute darkness, Great
clouds of dust, mortar and débris ‘filled
the air for five minutes, and when light
was restored my companion and I found
ourselves black with dust, like negroes. It
was a miraculous escape.

“The scene that followed baffles de-
scription. Women were embracing their
little children. Others were on their knees
praying loudly and with the most intense
feeling to God with such words as ‘Lord,
have mercy on us! God, have mercy on
us! Christ, have mercy on us and save
us!’ Others were fainting and others run-
ning wildly looking for their loved ones.

“We climbed over the fallen loads of
bricks and mortar and got back to the club.
It was in ruins, with the roof collapsed, and
the room where we had been dining was
filled with tons of brick from the fallen
walls.

“A young fellow, hatless, coatlesa and
with a handkerchief around his head, ad-
dressed me in the street outside the club
for several minutes. At length something
peculiar struck me and I asked if he was
Gerald Loder, my friend for many years
in the House of Commons and ex-member
of Parliament for Brighton. He said
‘Yes.’

“He was writing in the reading room on
the second floor of the club when the roof
fell in. He had been pinned to the floor
by the roof, but by freeing himself of his
coat he escaped on to the parapet and
descended by a ladder into the street.

“The most awful sight was poor Mr.
Bradley, a member of the club, lying dead
under the great fallen pillars of the building.

“At the Constant Spring Hotel I found
my bedroom shattered and the roof cleared
off of it. I found numbers of ladies who
had been taking their afternoon's rest in
their rooms on the lawn with blankets and
bed things around them.

“That night we slept on the lawn of the
hotel, and during the long hours between
sunset and sunrise I felt at least three earth-
quake shocks. The blaze of the raging fire
over the city was plainly visible. At dawn
I got coffee and then drove into Kingston,
six miles. All along the road encamp-
ments. of families were seen outside their
houses.

“I drove many miles through the streets.
At least ninety-eight out of every hundred
houses were in ruins or damaged beyond
repair. This I say from personal observa-
tion, yet nine-tenths of the houses were old
and ought to have been destroyed long ago.

“Qn arrival aboard our good steamship

| great joy was expressed to find Sir Alfred
Jones, notwithstanding his miraculous es-
cape, giving orders clearly, cooly and forci-
bly to his secretaries to meet the trouble.

“ ‘Let a hundred light wooden structures
be erected at the Constant Spring Hotel
and another hundred at the Myrtle Bank
Hotel,’ was the first order.

“Then followed instructions for cooking for
the poor people and then a telegram con-
gratulating his manager and the staff of the
Constant Spring Hotel upon their extraor-
dinary efforts to provide for the 200 house-
leas guests.

“J asked Sir Alfred what was the future of
Jamaica. ‘Youcantake my word for it this
calamity will not interfere in the least with
the progress and prosperity of the island,’
he replied, adding:

“Only the depot has been injured. The
products of the country have not been in-
terfered with in the slightest degree. The
houses that have been destroyed were
mostly old and deserved to be destroyed,
The prosperity of the island, | repeat, has
not been affected.”

He said this in the cheeriest manner,
and we believe him.”

 

HIS ACCOUNTS SHORT $29,000,
Rockland County's Treasurer Deposits That
Amount to the County's Credit,

Haverstraw, Jan. 17.—-The committee
appointed by the Supervisors some time
ago, consisting of Supervisors Blackledge
and Sherwood, to examine the accounts
of the County Treasurer, about which there
had been some public talk, submitted its
report to-day, and startled the county with
the announcement that County Treasurer
Randolph of Nyack was $29,000 short in
his accounts. r. Randolph has d ited

| the shortage to the county's credit, and

| will have the books examined by expert
accountants to ascertain how the deficit
came about. The people generally be-
lieve he is not guilty of any wrongdoing.

 

Thoroughfare Bridgetender Exonerated.

Mars Lanprxa, N. J., Jan. 17.—In the
case of the Meadow thoroughfare wreck
near Atlantic City the Grand Jury made
a presentment onenqoating, Daniel Stewart,

the bridgetender who was held by
the oner’s jury, from all blame and
censuring the rail

road com for faui
| construction of the bridge. ”

 

GREAT BEAR SPRING WATER,
“Me parity bas made it famous.—Adv,

a a de : ed Be)

Sun,

 

1 8, 1907 .—Copvrioit, 1907, by The Sun Printing and Publishing Association.

wt tow ' Re yg ‘
By ers SES aan! ana 4 , , , ir

a

M’CLURE VS. CARNEGIE ON DYING,

Falter Is Ready; Steel King Would Give
#$200,000,000 for Ten Years.

PHILADELPHIA, Jan. 17.—As the Clover

| Club wound up its twenty-fifth anniversary

 

| dinner to-night Col. A. K. McClure, the old |
| time editor, dean of the club and many |

eon. Swettenham Cables 343

times its president, added a pathetic climax
to the oceasion when he delivered a preacb-
ment against fear of old age.

“Old age has nothing n it to fear,” he
said with a smile playing about his lips.
“When death calls to me 1 shall not be
afraid,”

Such a sentiment contrasted markedly
with what Col. McClure said Andrew Car-
negie had admitted to him in a talk on life
and death.

“After dining with Mr. Carnegie once,”
Col. McClure said, “Mr. Carnegie said to
me that he would give $200,000,000 to have
a lease on life. ‘Two hundred millions,
Alec,’ he said to me, ‘that’s what I'd give
for a lease on this life. I’m not hoggiab,
either. I'd give it for ten years only.’
I don't think Carnegie is afraid of death,
but he clings to life. There is a difference.
I said: ‘Andy, you would be buncoed at
that price.’ ”

* SAGE ESTATE TAXED $625,000,

Largest Inheritance Tax Ever Collected by
the State With Three Exceptions.

ALBANY, Jan, 17.—State Comptroller Glynn
to-day received $625,000, the inheritance
tax on the estate of Russell Sage. The value
of the estate has been placed at $60,000,000,
but that amount is not the final estimate.

‘This tax is the largest ever collected by the
State under the law, with three exceptions.
In 1900 the State collected from the estate
of George Smith, a wealthy English (mer-
chant, who died in New York, $1,904,753,
In 1901 $665,000 was received from the C. P,
Huntington estate, and in 1904 the inheri-
tance tax from the estate of Warren Smith,
the Yonkers carpet manufacturer, was
$073,318,

LICORICE TRUST FINES 418,000.

Judge Hough Fixes Sentence on the Offend.
ing Corporations.

Judge Hough of the United States Circuit
Court yesterday fined the MacAndrews &
Forbes Company $5,000 for each violation
of the Sherman anti-trust law, of which it
had been convicted a week ago—illegal
combination and monopoly of the trade
in licorice paste in the United States.

The J. S. Young Company was let off
with a fine of $4,000 on each count, or $8,000
in all. This discrimination, Judge Hough
said, was shown because the Baltimore
company was not the prime mover in the
combine.

The fines, aggregating $18,000, were im-
posed after Judge Hough had denied mo-
tions for arrest of judgment and a new
trial, made by John D. Lindsay, counsel
for the defence. A sixty days stay was
then granted, to allow the defendants to
perfect an appeal to the higher court.

ROOT OFF FOR OTTAWA.

His Visit to Canada Expected to Have Im-
pertant Results.

WasHINGTON, Jan. 17.—Secretary of State
Root, accompanied by Mrs. Root and Mias
Root, left Washington this afternoon for
Ottawa, where they will be the guests of
Earl Grey, Governor-General of Canada.
Mr. Root will be back in Washington the
latter part of next week.

While the visit of the Secretary of State
to Canada is said to be of a purely social
nature, there is no doubt that the Gov-
ernor and the Secretary will, during the
latter’s visit in Ottawa, reach an under-
standing on various outstanding questions
between this country and Canada.

TUSKEGEE INQUIRY ORDERED.

Not a Vote Against Investigation In Either
House of Alabama Legislature.

MonrTooMeRry, Ala., Jan. 17.—The Senate
to-day adopted the House joint resolution
to investigate the methods of the Tuskegee
Institute, of which Booker T. Washington is
principal.

It now goes to the Governor.

As an indication of the sentiment it may
be noted that there was not a vote against
it in either House. :

CUBAN BANK DEFRAUDED.

Cashed Many (Checks Bearing Forged
Signature of the Sanitary Paymaster.
Special Cable Despaich to Tue Sun.

Havana, Jan. 17.—The Banco Nacional
discovered this morning that it had paid
many forged checks that had been handed
in by money exchanges in all parts of the
City. The exchanges say that they cashed
the checks for persons recognized by them
as employees of the sanitary department
The checks bore the forged signature of
the sanitary paymaaster.

The Advisory Law Commission made
some progress to-day. The sub-committee
onthe civil service resolved toadmit women
to all places for which their sex does not
unfit them. Dismissed employees may
appeal.

FOUND BABY IN THE SNOW,

Infant Boy Was Wrapped in the Blankets
of a Boston Hospital.

Thomas Mulligan, a truck driver of 551
East 134th street, while driving across Wash-
ington Bridge last night found a baby
wrapped in blankets and almost buried by
the snow,

Mulligan carried the baby to the nearest
house, that of Mrs. Herman Kramer, at
17%d street and Sedgwick avenue. Dr.
Bourke was summoned from Fo
Hospital and said the baby was a boy seven
days oid and had been uninjured by ex-
posure, which could not have lasted over
two hours. The police of the Highbridge
precinct were summoned and the baby was
taken in a closed carriage to Bellevue Hos-
pital. The blanketa in which the infant
was wrapped were marked “Boston City
Hospital.

LOCAL OPTION BILL FOR BOSTON.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Proposed to Let the Hub Vote Whether It'll
Mave Booze With its Beans.

Boston, Jan. 17.--Representative Hamm
of Boston to-day introduced a bill in the
Legislature which provides for local op-
tion for Boston, e city it proposes to
divide into eight districts, each to vote
separately on the question of rum or no
rum.

86,000 Jelm Gerken Must Pay the Cook,

A verdict for $6,000 was rendered in the
Supreme Court yesterday after a trial
before Justice Brady and a jury in favor
of Julia Kelly and against John Gerken,
the café godfather. Julia used to be
Gerken's cook, 24 she alleged that five
‘oy ‘o she ‘ell through a tra rin

to the cellar Her was
fractured and she was also ipjured in-
ternally

id ,
ot Sa Bimmaae $33 ae ma

Vd , by

seg

 

ae

f

Faia, JANUARY 15, 1007.
Snow and warmer to-day; probably snow
or rain comers.

—

 

PRICE TWO CENTS. ‘

KINGSTON PLIGHT
KNOWN FULLY

 

Bodies Have Bean Burled-.
Wounded, 500.

oo

1-30TH OF CITY BURNED.

len a

A Few More Bodies Are in the
Ruins—Our Warships Arrive
in the Harbor.

Onty One Wharf Remains Intact—Greates® —
Need Is for Medical Sapplies—Natives
Reluctant to Work Even at Double
Prices—Debris Being Cleared Up and
Only Coal Heaps and Rubbish Burne
ing—Peopie Encamped at Parade
Ground, Racetrack and in Open
Spaces—Some Plifering in Unprotected
Sheps —Gov. Swettenhain Sending Peoe
ple to Other Towns—Only Three Pare
ishes Affected Seriously by Earthquake

Spectal Cable Despatch to Tum Sun.

Lonpon, Jan. 17.—The Colonia] Office at
8:45 o'clock to-night received the following
undated despatch from Sir Alexander Swet-
tenham, Captain-General and Governor-ine
Chief of Jamaica:

“Continuing my previous telegram. The
evil effects of the earthquake have been con-
fined almost to three parishes of the island,
namely, Kingston, Port Royal and St. Ane
drew. The fire in Kingston has practically
ceased. Only coal and rubbish are burning.
The district burned comprises the triangular
area between the Parade Gardens and the
sea, Duke street and Princess street, the
parish church forming the apex of the tri-
angle. ,

“About one-thirtieth part of the townand |
the following wharves were burned —George
Branday, Nellabre, Haggart, Lyons, Solo-
mon’s, Demercado, Henriques, and one—not
both—of the Royal Mail Steam Packet Com-
pany. The wreckage is being cleared’

slowly owing to the indisposition of the pop ~~

ulation to labor at double the usual wages.

“A few bodies are still covered with ruins,
The burials at noon this day were 343.. Ad-
mitted to the hospital at Kingston, 440, ex-
cluding some sixty sent to Spanish Town
from Kingston for treatment.

“The population is generally encamped
in the Parade Gardens, at the racecourse
and in the open spaces. The people are
reluctant to return to their ruined houses
during fine weather. The usual provision
shops are in the burned area.

“There is consequent difficulty in buying
provisions. I am arranging for sales tem-
porarily and for the transfer of persons
to other parishes. There was some pilfer-

ing last night from deserted shops. The

population is wonderfully patient, but

listless.

“Among the killed are Sir James Fergus-
son, J. J. Middleton, A. Nathan, E. de Cor-
dova, J. R. Mudon, J. A. Paine, Dr. Gibb,
R. W. Bradler, B.. Veriey, W. George, H.
Burrows, C. M. Sheriock, E. Maurice, Capt.
Constantine and Miss Lockett.”

The message then pays a tribute to the
services of Sir Alfred Jones, the doctors,
the troops, the clergy and others. It con-
tinues

“Except Mr. Nathan no passenger aboard
the Port Kingston was seriously injured.
The direct line cable (Commercial line to
Halifax} is broken some three miles off
the coast. Both telegraph offices burning.”

The brothers of Edgar de Cordova, an
importer of grain, who has a large planta-
tion just outside of Kingston and was re-
ported in Gov. Swettenham’s l'st as killed,
refused last night to believe that he was
dead until it was verified by word from
some of their relatives in Jamaica. The
brothers here are Aaron, Verona and Rienzi,
members of the Consolidated Stock Ex-
change, and Ercel, manager and cashier
for 8S. H. Rosenblatt of 42 Broadway.

The De Cordova brothers felt hopeful
that Edgar was safe, notwithstanding the
despatches that preceded Gov. Swetten-
ham’s, because of this cable received yes-
terday morning from their uncle, Fred E.
Meyer of Kingston, which said:

“Horrible earthquake and fire. City
destroyed. Family safe.”

“While we had at first thought that my
uncle’s reassuring cable included all our
relatives in Kingston, it may be that it
meant only our aunts, Mrs. Meyer and Mra.
J.J. Ashenheim,” said Ercel de Cordova.
“I feel certain that my brother, O’Connor,
who is Registrar of the Supreme Court in
Kingston, would cable us if Edgar had been
killed, and will wait unti) I hear from him
before I accept the news as final, although
it does not seem possible that Gov. Swetten-
ham could be mistaken.”

The De Cordova brothers, who were all
born in Jamaica, were sons of Altamont
de Cordova, for many years one of the
leading merchants of Kingston and member
of the House of Commons there for years.
The steamship Virginius, which was seized
by Spain off the coast of Cuba in 1873, was
consigned to Mr. de Cordova. When he
learned that the vessel had been seized by
the Spanish and five of those on board had
been shot, and the rest were to be shot,
he got the cable between Port Royal and
Santiago working, and helped to save the
lives of scores of the men on board her.
The timely arrival of a British warship
was the means. He died in this city in 1900,

Besides the brothers in this city, Edgar

 

SAVANNAH LINE TO FLORIDA,
new ahi low excursion rates
—

Adv,
- 9 ae ee.

y Tae a 3 a