Oo eh whey. & py os °

 

 

VOL. LXXV.—NO. 81.
BOROUGH BANK INDICTMENTS

EXPECTED T0-DAY AGAINST TWO
AND PERHAPS THREE MEN.

 

 

Nine Witnesses Examined—Speciimens of
Hungry Joe Banking Disclosed —De-
positors Agree to Give the Bank
Time—Jenkins Trast Company Next.

The Grand Jury that is investigating
the affairs of tpe Borough Bank in Brooklyn
examined more witnesses yesterday and at
the close of the session Assistant District
Attorney Robert M. Elder sent for Chief
Clerk Robert E. Walkley, who frames all
indictments for the Brooklyn office. Mr.
Elder was in conference with the chief
clerk for more then an hour. ° It is expected
that indictments will be returned against
two and possibly three officials of the Bor-
ough Bank. ;

It is undergtood that one of the charges

@Will be grand larceny. This charge grows
out of the transaction in which it is alleged
$145,000 of the Borough Bank’s deposits
‘was sed to complete the $1,000,000 of capital
and subscribed surplus of the International
Trust Company which that company had
to have paid in before it could open for
business,

According to the confession which A, D.
Campbell, the Borough Pank’s cashier,
made to the directors of the company he
drew a check for the $145,000 and sent it
oer to William Gow, the majority stock-
holder in the bank, to be deposited with the
Oriental Bank, Manhattan, which was the
depositary of the International Trust Com-
pany. Campbell in his confession said
that he received a telephone message trom
Gow asking him to draw the cashier's check
and informing him that Fresident Maxwell
would tell him what it wae for Campbell

© eaaid that the president told him to go ahead

and draw the check.

That was on September 30, the day before
the International Trust Company reported
to the State Banking Department that it
had its capita) and subscribed aurplus paid
in. tater Campbell, acting, as he says,
under the orders of one of his superiors,
charged thia check up against the estate
account of Carrie M. McGuire, which
amounted to exactly $145,000. This account
had heen opened only a day or so before the
check was drawn. The money was de-
posited by Robert J. Cuddihy, one of the ex-
ecutors, who ia aleo a director of the Bor
owgh Bank. Mr. Cuddihy, it is said’ knew
nothing of the charge alleged to have been
rade against the account.

4 few weeks later, when Mr. Cuddihy

“expresso! the intention of drawing the

money out to invest in bonds, there was
atill due the account on this transaction, it
is anid, something like $28,000. The rest,
according to the story told by directors
who heard Campbell's confession, had been
paid back aa the stook of the International
Trvat * Cte he
*28,000 was now covered by a note drawn
in favor of the Borough Bank by Frank W.
Doolittle, Mr. Gow's private secretary.
Chia note is atill among the bank's assets
and is covered by the $700,000 of additional
collateral wirich Mr. Gow and others wee
«mpelled to put up.

Another transaction which the Grand
tury is looking into and which may result
in a serious charge is a loan of $250,000
aaid to have been obtained from the Oriental
Bayk by officials of the Borough Bank.
This note, it is understood, was signed by
the Borough Bank. per H. Maxwell, presi-
dent. It was dated September and
aecording to the confessions made to the
Rorough Bank board of directors the
money obtained on it also was used as
part of the International Trust Company's
#1.000,000 of capital and Subseribed surplus.

MMrectora of the Borough Bank say
that the first they knew of this note was
when officials of the Oriental Bank came
to them for more collateral on the day be-
fore the Borough Bank suspended. Ac-
eovding to the information which came
to the directors of the Borough Bank this
nore Was partly secured by the note of
Join S. Jenkins and Nelson Burr, vice-
} residents of the International Trust Com-
pany

Officers of the Oriental Bank said yester-
lay that they had no loan outstanding
againat the Borough Bank or against Gow
or Maxwell.

Among the witnesses examined by th
Grand Jury yesterday were Henry J. Mes.
wasistant receiving teller of the Borough

Rauk. and A. EE. Kleinert, his father-in-law.
Mr. Kleinert ia a Brooklyn contractor and
a depositor in the Borough Bank. Mr.
Iles was questioned in regard to a with-
drawal of $4,000 which he made on account
of his father-in-law on October 24, the day
before the Borough Rank closed_ its doors,
Iles, it is understood, contends that there
waa nothing irregular about the with-
drawal. His father-in-law being obliged
to gooutof town had left with him a check
for $4,000 representing money which he
wanted for his end of the week payroll.

flew, so hie friends say, put the check
in before the close of banking hours on
Thoraday, the 24th, and then when he
was getting ready to leave for home after
the close of banking hours took the cash
out on it and entered the transaction as
having occurred in the course of the day's
business, The bank did not open on the
following morning. Directors of the bank
say that Kleinert still has a balance in the
tank, and that he made deposits on the
dav before the bank closed.

Other witnesses examined before the
Grand Jury were Charles E. Levi, Thomas

_. Martin, Henry Wischmann, Warren
'. Diefendorf, ex-Congresaman John J.
Vitrzgerald, ex-Sherif William J. Buttling,
Rohert J. Cuddiby, all directors of the
company, and a representative of the
state Banking Department.

lt was learned yesterday that most

if the alleged forgeries of notes and checks

for amaller amounta in the Borough Bank
‘are connected in one way or another with
the stock speculations of one of the officials.

After the investigation of the Borough
Rank has been completed the Grand Jury
will take up the Jenkins Trust Company.
lt is understood that the Attorney-General
will hold a conference to-day or to-morrow
with District Attorney Jerome in regard to
Lae affairs of the International Trust Com-

pay.
The depositors of the Borough Bank
iurned out 2,000 strong at the Columbia

Every Day te kagiving Day
or those who drink re Te ~ Ade.

we new Diowsee epee Faebien 3 hem

Se

 

 

9 ao “* --

mr TT

— eee

a te i
SESE SR) Oe a hY
ns my

Theatre yesterday morning and had a noisy
time. They agreed to demand their de-
posits if the bank reopens only in the fol-
lowing amounts: ‘Ten per cent. on demand,
156 per cent. after four months, 20 per cent.
after eight months, 36 per cent. after a year
and the remaining 90 after sixteen months.

TO RESIST RECEIVERSHIP,

Willlansburg Trust Depositors and Direc-
tors Employ Counsel.

Committees representing depositors and
directors of the Williamsburg Trust Com-
pany held a joint meeting in the company's
main building, at the Brooklyn end of the
Williamsburg Bridge, yesterday to con-
sider steps to have the action of Attorney-
General Ja®kson in appointing a receiver
for the institution checked by the courts.
One of the directors of the bank, Joseph
Liebmann, a wealthy brewer, expressed
a willingness to contribute $50,000 at once
in order to help along the bank, The
directors decided to employ William N.
Dykeman as their attorney to fight against
the receivership.

It was made known at the meeting that
what really crippled the bank temporarily
just before it closed its doors for lack of
ready cash on October 25 was the with-
drawal by the city of $250,000.

ROOSEVELT CURBS APPOINTEES

From Seeking Election as Roosevelt Dele-
Gates to National Convention.

Wasminaton, Nov. 19.—President Roose-
velt has let it be known to Federal office-
holders in the South and to some of those
in other parts of the country that he has a
decided objection to hia appointees making
an effort to have themselves elected as
Roosevelt delegates to the Republican
national convention.

In the President's opinion, as explained
here, he regarda it as little short of hy-

 

 

 

 

pocrisy for men he appointed to office
to give the impression that he desires a
third term and that they shall be sent to
the national convention to vote for his

nomination. It is declared that Federal
officeholders who are putting up that argu-
ment are entirely unauthorized.

The President's objection does not ex-
tend to Federal officeholders who may
he elected as delegates to the national con-
vention without instructions or under in-
atructions to vote for some candidate other
than Mr. Roosevelt. Just why the Presi-
dent has taken thia course is something
of a mystery and politicians are all at sea as
to its significance.

LONGWORTH Si VS HE'S FORTAFT.,

Telegram Indicates That Roosevelt Has
Put No Curb on His Sentiments.
CLEVELAND, Nov. 19.—-That Congresaman
Longworth has had no orders from the
White House curbing his expressions favor-
able to the nomination of Secretary Taft
was indicated by a telegram he sent to-
night to the diners at the Garfield Club ban-
quet in Warren. The telegram reads:
“Give my best compliments to members
of the Garfield Club. Wish 1 were with you.
My toast would be: “The Next President of

the United States, a Son of Ohio,’” :
; coin 0 i ae

COURT HOUSE IN THE PARK.

Aldermen Vote to Run Up a Cheap One
—No Horse Show Runway Permit.

The Board of Aldermen voted yeaterday
for an appropriation of $40,000 to erect a
two and a half story brick building on the
site of the old fire house in City Hall Park
for the temporary accommodation of the
additional City Court Justices who will
take office on January 1.

Alderman Myers, the Republican leader,
fought the resolution. He said that the
building would be an eyesore and would
block the view of the new Hall of Records,
and he ridiculed the idea that it would de
only a temporary structure. Onoe the
buitding was put up, he said, the probability
was that it would be allowed to disfigure
the park for a generation or two. Besides,
it could not be built for $40,000.

‘The resolution as adopted asks the Mayor
to hold a public hearing before approving.

For rearly two hours the Aldermen
solemnly debated as to whether or not
the management of the Horse Show at
Madison Square Garden should be allowed
to continue the use of the runway for horses
which has een stretched over the side-
walk at the Twenty-seventh street entrance.

Alderman Downing, who is a Republican
and haila from Brooklyn, denounced the
granting of special privileges “to the wealthy
ciass which runs this Horse Show and which
wants to obstruct the sidewalk in defiance
of the legal righta of the common people.”

There were 34 votes in favor of the reso-
lution and t0 in the negative, Forty votes
were required to pass it, and by the time it
comes up again, under the rules, the Horse
Show of this year will be only a memory.

REGINALD VANDERBILT TARDY.

 

Arrest of Chauffeur for Speeding Keeps
Him Back Krom the Horse Show.
Carl Herzinger, a chauffeur, who came
here from Germany three days ago to drive
Reginald Vanderbilt's car, took Mr. Van-
derbilt and a friend to Sherry's early last
evening and then started with the foot-
man for the garage. He went up Fifth
avenue so fast that Bicycle Policeman
Fletcher timed him at over twenty-two
miles an hour between Forty-ninth and
Fifty-firet streets and then chased him
and arrested him at Fifty-third street.
When Fletcher found that Herzinger had
no license he made a double charge against
him.,
The footman called up Mr. Vanderbilt
and was told to go to him at Sherry’s and
$200 cash bail. The footman did so,
and the chauffeur finally got Mr. Vander-
bilt and his friend to the Horse Show
half an hour late.

 

TO DANCE UNDERGROUND,

Mysterious Chambers of the Duke of Port.
land Opened for Spanish Royalties.
Special Cadle Despatch to Tae Sun,

_Lonpon, Nov. 19. -The famous under
ground ballroom at Welbeck Abbey, which
was excavated by the fifth Duke of Port-
land and which has not nm used for man
years, will be the scene of a brilliant ball
to-morrow night in honor of King Alfonso
and Queen Victoria.

The King and Queen are now guests of the
Duke, whose daughter will make her social
début at the ball. A large number of titled
and notable persons will attend.

The whole auite of subterranean chambers
and the passages communicating with them
New be dazzlingly illuminated with electric

ts.

Six Pairs of Twins Since 18048.
Goopnve, Mias., Nov. 19.—Mrs. A. Rosner
to-day became the mother of her sixth
pair of twins since 1398. She is now the
mother of twenty-five children. President
Roosevelt was at once notified by the proud

 

“ 9 i+ |

p fur roan
.

 

——

+NEW YORK. WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBE

¢ ’ a

Wy

  

'NEW YORK BANKERS LEAD OFF

TO BUY TO-DAY 25,000,000 OF
THE NEW THREES.

 

 

The Money Has Been Raised and Can Be
Spared From the Reserves—Certificates
{ Can Pass Between Banks as Money
and May Retire Lean Certificates.

The First National Bank, J. P. Morgan
& Co., the City Bank and one or two other
national banks have raised $26,000,000 in
cash which will be turned over to the United
States Treasury to-day to pay for an
equivalent amount in the new 3 per cent.
certificates. Temporary receipts will be
issued to the banks in return and the money,
it ia understood, will be sent to Western
cities by the Government. The banks
here have their reserves in such shape
that they can epare it.

The banks expect to get the engraved
certificates in about two weeks. These
certificates, or even the receipts, can pass
between the banks as money, and if they
are so used a corresponding amount of
loan certificates can be retired. It is

thought to be probable also that the
| certificates will to some extent pass from

 

hand to hand as currenoy outside of the
banks.

In some sections of the financial district
yesterday there was confusion regarding
the certificate plan There was none,

| however, in the big national banks, which
proceeded with their arrangements in a
perfect understanding of the method of
issue of the certificates and the purposes
; to which they may be applied.

In the cases of New York banke it ia not
probable that much of the purchase money
will be left on deposit here or redeposited
here. As was stated in the official an-
nouncement from Washington, the greatest
need for currency is there felt to be in
the financial centres of the crop districts,
and very likely most of the $25,000,000 or
more paid by New York banks for the
certificates will be deposited in the West
and Southwest rather than here. It is
the understantirlg, however, that prac-:
tiedlly all of the entire $100,000,000 which
will be paid in in case the entire issue is
subscribed will be deposited in banks
throughout the country. There is no in-
tention, in other words, of withdrawing
from circulation the money paid for the
certificates.

The deposita of the money paid for the
certificates must of course be secured by
national banks in the same way as other
Government deposita are secured. It is
around thia point, strangely enough, that
much of the confusion in the financial
district regarding the certificates centred.
The procedure is simple enough. Banks
will give as security for these deposits
the same class of securities—-that is, munic-
ipal, railroad and other bonds approved
by the Treasury Department—that they
dewe.heepn giving as security for other
deposits. The strange and entirely errone-
ous idea prevailed in some quarters yeater-
day that the certificates would themselves
secure the deposit of the purchase money
paid for them.

The certificates will be entirely free
for use as seourity for circulation. Most
of the New York banks which will sub-
scribe for them have national bank notes
already printed at Washington and will
thus be able to secure the new circulation
immediately on the approval of their ap-
plications. The effect will be the same in
the case of many Chicago and other in-
terior banks. Banks with circulation al-
ready printed will not even be obliged to
wait for the printing or engraving of the
certificates before the ciroulation can be
awarded to them. A temporary receipt
will answer all purposes.

Local bankers will also subscribe liber-
ally to the Panama bonde. Individual
subscriptions to the certificates were made
at the Sub-Treasury yesterday. The sub-
scriptions of the banks were forwarded
direct to Washington. It was the under-
standing here that the certificates would
be issued in a few days, so that the bene-
ficial effect of putting in circulation the
new national bank notes will soon be felt.

The premium on ourrency remained un-
changed yesterday at the reduced rates
prevailing on Monday. Generally money
brokers paid from 14 to 244 per cent. for
currency and sold between 2 and 23; per
cent. The transfer of money to the interior
continued at about the same rate as on
previous days of late. A total of $1,732,000
was transferred through the Sub-Treasury
aa follows: New Orleans, $11,000; San Fran-
cisco, $716,000; St. Louis, $310,000; Cincin-
nati, $50,000; Chicago, $387,000; Denver,
$120,000; Philadelphia, $138,000. Additional
gold engagements abroad were made by
Heidelbach, Ickelheimer & Co., who se-
cured $1,000,000, and the Guaranty Trust
Company, which secured $500,000

LONDON MARKET CAUTIOUS,

Severe Biame for President Roosevelt's
Attacks on Financtal Interests.
Special Cable Despatch to Tus Sux.

Lonpon, Nov. 19.--The relief measures
taken by the United States Treasury con-
tinue to keep the stock market in good
humor, although an immediate change in
the tactics of the gold hoarders is con-
sidered doubtful. The fact that the Ameri-
can market is showing better form is con-
sidered an indication of returning con-
fidence.

As the day advanced the feeling became
lees enthi partly because the with-
drawal of $1,960, gold from the Bank of

1 England for the United States emphasized
the opinion that the crisis in America had
not been relieved by the Government's
action as effectively as had been hoped.

Rumors were current that attempts were

being made to negotiate part of the issue

 

true, but the saying of it made confusion
worse confounded. w hno grep Se eau
on singular ad-

Se

 

EXPELLED HENRY MILLER,

 

Did Lieut. Tinker, Who Won't Stand fer
Interlopers When He's On the Desk.
Henry Miller, the actor, with

Margaret
| Anglin, his co-star in “The Great Divide,”

 

were taking a spin along Riverside Drive
early last evening in Mr. Miller's automo-
bile when Bicyole Policeman Sammon de-
cided that Lester Newton, Miller's chauf-
feur, wae driving too fast.

Mise Anglin left the auto when the arrest
was made and hurried down to the thea-
tre to dress for her part, but Mr. Miller
remained to see the thing through. He
was discussing the matter of bail with bis
chauffeur, who had been arraigned in the
West Sixty-eighth street police station
before Lieut. Lonnigan, when Lieut. Tinker,
who was in the room making yp the
slate for the men about to take post, broke
in and ordered Mr. Miller out of the station
house.

Newton protested that Mr. Miller was his
empioyer and an actor.

“Well, even if your boss is an actor he
can’t run this etation house,” Lieut. Tinker
is aaid to have replied, and ringing for the
doorman he ordered him to show the actor
out.

“While you're behind that desk you're
boes,” he called back, “but if you were out
on the sidewalk you couldn't talk to me like
that. I'll wait for you outside.”

The chauffeur meanwhile had produced
the $100 necessdry for bail. He went out-
side, where Mr. Miller decided that it was
no use waiting for Lieut. Tinker and high
time to be starting for the theatre if he
was not again to break the speed law and
still arrive in time for the first act.

 

AVAUNT, FOOTBALL!

Inoffendive Pigskin Ordered Of Columbia
Campos.

Although no official action has been taken
by the Columbia authorities in regard to the
interfraternity football movement which
has been started on Morningside Heights
the students think President Butler has
ordered the superintendent of grounds to
prohibit even the kicking of a football on
Columbia property. Yesterday morning a
number of students were running through
a practice game on South Field when a
proctor came over from the administration
offices in the library and told the would-he
players that they would have to go else-
where with their football.

The Delta Tau Delta team, which was de-
feated by Von Saltza on Friday last, has not
yet recovered and more than one half of the
eleven have been laid up in bed for the last
four days. Meanwhile Von Saltza has
arranged for another game. This time he
will play Sigma Chi. Von Saltza will of
course be assisted by a few of his Beta
Theta Pi brethren. Buck Robinson, who
was a substitute on the 1905 varsity team,
is the mainstay of the Sigma Chi eleven and
it is expected that the Beta Thets will have
their hands full in what promises to be the
best game of the series.

 

SHOOTS AT CAPT, M’KITTRICK,

Dranken Tearaster Fives Bile at Cee? Shar.

ter’s Gon-intaw and Party in an Auto.

Bakersrreip, Cal.. Nov. 19.—A drunken
teamseter to-day took a shot at Capt. W. H.
MoKittrick, son-in-law of the late Gen.
Shafter. McKittrick was in an automobile
with his wife and a chauffeur on his way
to hie ranch near here.

At Rose station four teams blocked the
road, and to avoid the horses McKittrick
made a wide detour. As the machine
passed one of the teamsters raised a rifle
and fired, but his aim was poor and no
one was hurt. The man who did the shoot-
ing escaped.

RUSHING LUSITANIA'S MAIL,

 

London Recipients May Be Able to Reply
Via the Lucania.
Special Cable Despatch to Tas Sun.

Lonpon, Nov. 19.—If the steamer Lusi-
tania, from New York, arrives at Queens-
town before 60’clock Thursday evening all
her mail will be landed there and sent by
special express to England.

Addressees in London will receive their
letters early Friday morning, enabling them
te send their replies by the Lucania.

It. is understood that the Cunard Steam-
ship Company is arranging an alteration in
the sailing time of the Lusitania and Maure-
tania in order to avoid discounting the
advantage of their speed by arriving at Now
York on Thursdays too late to disembark
their passengers.

No announcement has been made, but it
is believed the two steamers wil! be de-
spatched from Liverpool at midday instead
of in the evening, and that they will call at
Cherbourg and subsequently at Queens-
town, arriving at New York Friday morn-

ings.
NO STRIKE OF SWITCHMEN,

Union Decides That the Present Ip Nt an
Oppertune Time to Press Demands.

Crrcaco, Nov. 10.—There will be no
strike of the railroad switchmen. Late
this afternoon the Switchmen’s Union de-
cided to withdraw its request for higher
wages and shorter hours.

Later Chief Hawley said that the men had
decided that owing to the present financial
difficulties it would be better to wait until
a more opportune time to preas their de-
mands.

 

 

 

 

_—— ~

CAN'T SUE AND STOP GRATIS,

If the Bachanans Want to Quit They Mast
Pay the Bin.

An order filed in the County Clerk's office
yesterday disclosed that Martha VY. Louise
Buchanan and Charlies B. Buchanan, whom
she sued for a divorce @ year or s0 ago, have
become reconciled and wish to drop their
litigation. Buchanan, however, objects to
paying the $666 which the referee's and
stenographer's fees amount to. The order
filed yesterday by Justice Seabury directs
that only on payment of these fees may an
order of discontinuance be filed.

Buchanan's present wife is his third, and
each of the others got a divorce.

BATTERIES TO PHILIPPINES,

Reported at Fort Leavenworth That Artil-
lery Is to Be Sent to the Istands.
Fort Laavanwortn, Kan., Nov. 19.
Confidential telegrams received here say
that several batteries of artillery now sta-
tioned at this port are to be ordered to the
Philippines.

The news comes as a great surprise
officers here. as

eset

After all, USER'S the Seote)
(hat made the Lighball lamous.— Ade, ’

 

 

 

 

    

Mr. Miller didn’t go without protest. |

 

— —_- ee?) Oooo

 

 

QUO WARRANTO SUIT SUFFICES,
OOURT OF APPEALS HOLDS.

-—_——

Unanimous Decision That the Law Ia Un-
constitational ‘2 That It Provides
Either for a Recanvass or Does Away
With a Vested Right of Trial by Jury.

Atpary, Nov. 19.—Thg Court of Appeals
has declared unconstitutional the law passed
by the Legislature at the suggestion of
Gov. Hughes giving William R. Hearst a
recount of thefballote cast at the Mayoralty
election in 1005. Chief Justice Cullen wrote
the opinion on which the law is declared
unconstitutional and the other Judges all
oon curred.

Herman A. Metz, as Comptroller and
individually, and others applied for a
writ of prohibition to restrain the Supreme
Court and Hearst from taking any further
proceedings under the recount act.

The Appellate Division denied the writ
and the appeal was taken. By to-day's
decision the Court of Appeals reverses the
Appellate Division and grants the writ.  /

The Court of Appeals, while shutting off
Hearst from a recount under the special

law passed by the Legislature, holds that
the quo warranto proceedings which were
started by Mr. Hearst as soon as Attorney-
General Jackson assumed office will be
sufficient to permit Mr. Hearst to test the
title to the office.

Tn its opinion the court says:

1¢ is unfortunate that the election in New
York was éo close as to leave doubts in many
minds as to the acouracy of the result de-
clared. The whole question, however, can
be tried and determined in the quo warranto
suit now pending, and in that suit everything
that is authorized or directed by the statute
before us, opening the boxes, recount and the
like, can be had, and it is not apparent why
a determination cannot be as speedily reached
im that action as by the proceedings author-
ized by this atarute.

It ia also unfortunate that dilatory ob-
jections to the prosecution of that sult have
apparentiy met with some success in the
courts, but it would be far more unfortunate
if, moved by any considerations of that char-
acter or by the entirely natural desire of the
electors of the city of New York to learn
whether the result of the election of Mayor
was honeatly and accurately declared, we
should not, only shut our eyes to plain con-
titutional provisions but uphold the validity
of a practice which might lead to infinite
mischief in the future.

In declaring the law unconstitutional
the court says:

The constitutionality of the statute before
us baa been attacked on many grounds.
Some of the objections presented to it are
frivolous and need no consideration.

There are some others which raise ques-
tions fairly debatable and might be difficult
to answer. All of these, however, we do
not intend to review, as we think the statute
so clearly contravenes the Constitution in
one or two respects as to render it unques-

Hgnenly invalid. we oa
he proceeding authorized by the statute
either is, as ita litle indicates, a recanvass
of the votes cast for the office of Mayor or is
a judicial hearing and determination of the
title of the respective candidates at that
election to the office of Mayor.

Elaborate discussion is to be found in the
briefs of the opposing counsel and in the
opinions of the learned Judges of the courts
below as to which of these two is the real
character of the preecceding. Neither at
this point, nor indeed at all, is it necessary to
definitely determine which is the true char-
acter of the proceeding.

If it is a recanvass it contravenes section
6, Article I. of the Constitution, which pro-
vides: “All laws creating, regulating or
effecting boards of officers charged with
the duty of registering voters, or of dis-
atributing ballots at the polla to voters, or
of receiving, recording or counting votes
at. elections shall secure -equal representa-
tion of the two political parties which, at
the general election next preceding that for
whieh such boards or officers are to serve,
cast the highest and the next highest num-
ber of votes.”

If, on the other hand, it is a judicial de-
termination of the title to office it contrf-
venes section 2, Article [, of the Constitution,
which provides: “The trial by jury in all
eases in which it has been heretofore shall
remain inviolate forever.”

That the courts by whom the recanvass
is to be made are not bipartisan bodies is
apparent, and that the statute provides
for no determination by a jury of the dis-
puted issues of fact is equally clear.

The Hearst recount law provides for a
recanvass of the votes by the Supreme
Court, and upon this point the Court of
Appeals says:

A canvass having been concluded under the
statutory provisions for its conduct existing at
the time, the Legislature has no power to
create a new tribunal with power to recan vase
the election and to award possession of the
office to another claimant. Wf such were ita
power the Legislature might, except for the
bipartisan provision first found in the Con-
stitution of 1805, equally conduct the recanvass
and make the determination it seeks.

The result of such a doctrine would be ap-
palling. Where the result of an election had
been adverse to the party to which a majority
of its members belonged the Legislature
might by a subsequent statute authorize a
recanvanse of the election of the Governor, of
the Judges of the courts, of the State officers
and of the Presidential electors, who in this
State are elected by the people.

We hold that no such power exists. Of
course the Legislature may alter the form
of judicial proceedings to try the title to
office, making it as summary as possible, pro-
vided it retains the right of trial by jury, but
we are speaking of a mere revanvass as dis-
tinguished from judicial proceedings.

When Mayor McClellan was told of the
decision he said:

“The decision is one that | have always
expected. If I remember rightly, we found
that the bill violated about thirteen clauses
of tne United States Constitution and con-
tained about twenty-seven violations of the
State Constitution.”

This decision does not affect the proceed-
ings known as the ouster vase which has
been begun by Attorney-General Jackson
in the name of The People. Mayor MocClel-
lan aaid he supposed that would “go mer-
rily on.” But the plaintiff has been or-
dered to tile a bill of particulars and to set.
forth details of the alleged frauds in the
counting of the vote; and now before
the boxes can be opened some one will have
to swear to specific cases of wrongdoing.

 

 

 

Mrs. Grant B. Schiey’s House Morigaged.
A mortgage for $200,000 executed to the
Mutual Life Insurance Company by Mrs.
Elizabeth B. Schley, wife of Grant B. Schley,
on her residence at 845 and 946 Fifth avenue,
corner of Sixty-sixth street, was

yesterda:

y.
Tipo Chianti ( or white wine) is light, delicate
and eaquisitely delicious. -Adr.

 

ee SANE I |

¢7

wn.

R 20. 1907.—covvriont, 1007, by The Sun Printing and Publishing Association.

-] RECOUNT LAW IS INV

Re

mS

mh WaneneDay, Novewnsn 20, 100%,

Cloudy

morrow; |

 

, with rain at night and“te-
northeasterly winds.

 

PRICE TWO GBNTS.

WOULD HONOR MISS VANDERBILT.| We BPANIEV’S LIRR STORY

Pope Desires to See Hor and Count Sze-
eheny! at the Vatican.
Special Cable Despatch to Tums Sun.

 

GIVES A SIMPLE RECITAL OP

Lowpon, Nov. 19—The Globe's corre-| HER RELATIONS WITH BROWN.

spondent at Rome learns that the Pope has
written to Archbishop Farley expressing
a desire to receive Mies Gladys Vanderbilt
and the Coant Szechenyi before they are
married.

It is stated in Vatican circles that the
Pope is sanguine of receiving Miss Van-
derbilt into the Church of Rome. Should
the couple visit the Vatican Miss Vander-
bilt undoubtedly would be honored as if
she were a royal princess.

The Globe's correspondent ie informed
that the Pope would probably confer on
the couple the titles of Count and Countess
of the Holy Roman Empire.

 

He Owns No
8100,000,000 Story a Canard.

John D. Rockefeller authorizes the fol-
dowing statement:

“I am informed that there have appeared
in several newspapers recently reports that
I possess one hundred million dollars of
United States Government bonds which I
have refused to loan or sell for the purpose
of helping the situation or of aiding ad-
ditional circulation by tho banks.

“I do not own at the present time, nor
have I owned at any time during the reeent
crisis, any United States Government bonds
whatever.”

UNION TEDDY BEARS.

One Factory at Least Will Make Only an
Orthedox Toy.

It has been decided by the Teddy Bear
Makers’ Union, which has been recently
organized, to demand the closed shop in
the trade in anticipation of the Christmas
trade. The first atrike for the closed shop
was ordered in Michton's factory in Browns-
ville and one or two branch shops of the
firm in Manhattan. The union reported
yesterday that the strike was won and
henceforth this firm will only make union
Teddy bears.

The strike committee said that as there
is a demand for men now a number of
strike breakers who had been employed
are to remain on condition that they join
the union. The members of the union say
that it would be hard to fill their places, as
it requires a man with artistic ideas to give
the Teddy bears the proper look of in-
telligence.

INDICTED FOR WRECKING BANK.

President and Cashier Charged With Em-
bezzling $200,000.

Macon, Ga., Nov. 19.—President J. W.

 

 

 

Cabaniss and Cashier C. M. Orr were this
afternoon indicted on the charge of em-
beazling $200,000 of the funds of the Ex-
change Bank.

The Exchange Bank, the oldest in Macon,
closed about six weeks ago after an ex-
ammMation that followed rumors of wrong-
doing on the part of the officers. ‘Receivers
found that the capital and surplus of over
$600,000 had been dissipated.

Cabaniaes is a brother of ex-Congressman
Cabanises and of H. H. Cabaniss of Atlanta,
formerly one of the owners of the Atlanta
Journal.

 

CHARGED WITH BRIBING JUROR,

Former Ohio State Senator in tivted in Con-
nection With Stand.rf Ol Case.

Frxprary, Ohio, Nov. 19.—The Grand Jury
to-day returned an indictment against ex-
Senator Thomas MeConica for alleged
bribery in connection with the Standard
Oil trial last June.

Byron Williamson was indicted several
months ago for a like offence.

It is alleged that an attempt was made
to bribe Juror Charles Thompson and that
MeConica was back of it. Thompson was
to get $500 if he voted for acquittal, it is
alleged. .

McConica has been in the employ of the
Standard Oil Company in numerous cases
and was acting in an advisury capacity
during the trial last June.

WHAT 8&3 WILL

 

po

Toward Ronning an Election in Suffolk

County, L. 1.

Nov. 19.—H. H. Schillinger,
treasurer of the Fourth election district
of East. Hampton, Suffolk county, filed to-
day with the Secretary of State a statement.
showing how $5 was spent in his district.
He says:

“WRh this enormous sum I attended the
meeting of the county committee at River-
head, fifty-five miles from here, and spent
two days and one night, paid carfare and
board bill; also paid team to cart voters to
the polls. No one person received more
than $5 in this district, | assure you. The
meeting of the county committee was held
at 8 o'clock P. M., which explains why it
took two days to attend the same.”

SEEKS SAFETY IN CANADA, *

«hicago Woman Takes Her Savings to
Montreal Bank in American Money,
LoNnpon, Ont., Nov. 19.-A middle aged

woman entered the Bank of Montreal to-day

saying that she had come from Chicago
in order to deposit $4,000 in gold and Amer-
ican one dollar bills, which she had tied up
in a towel, feeling that the money would be
safer in the Bank of Montreal.

The money, she says, Was the lifetime
savings of her grandmother, her mother
and herself.

SOUTH ATALY STILL QUAKES.
Inhabitants Won't Enter Houses —Obeervers

ALBANY,

 

Special Cable Despatch to Tae Sun

Rome, Nov. 19.--Slight shocks of earth-
quake have be»n felt intermittently to-day
in Calabria and the eeismic inetruments here
were agitated. The Calabrians fear a repe-
tition of the violent shocks from which they
have suffered so much.

They are convinced that the province is
doomed to disappear and absolutely refuse
to occupy their houses but insist upon
camping in the open.

The authorities at the observatories of
Naples and Catania incline to the belief
that a reawakening of volcanic activity is
imminent.

(srounded’ Steamship Gets Of All Right.
The British steamship Regulus, from
Botewoodvilie, ey ay ® for tie
port, which groun in mui weather
Bellport, L. 1, yesterda
off last night by Merritt -
Chapman wren, steamer I. J. Merritt
after some of the lumber with which she
was laden had been i . She was
undamaged and Fire Island, bound
in, at 8_0 "clock night under

off

morning,
was hau

her own

: mo
ee ee -

a TT
mm ae ES - -  w0OOO0S aa Oe

At Thnes Tears Smothered Hor Words, af
Others She Smiled, Recalling Happy
Moemerics—Narrativo Halted Short of
the Killing Owing to Her Weakness.

Wasainotron, Nov. 19.—The olimax in
interest of the trial of Anna M. Bradley
for the murder of ex-Senator Arthur Brown
of Utah was reached to-day when Mre.
Bradley went on the witness stand and
for three and a half hours told the story
of her relations with the man she shot
down in his room at the Raleigh Hotel
last December.

It was a stirring narrative, dramatid
and effective, but told in whispered tones:
20 low at times that her answers had to be
read to the jury. The narrative halted
just short of the story of the circumstances
of the killing. The defendant in“ her
weakened physical condition could hardly
have pursued the story toitsending. That
was reserved for to-morrow.

The court room was filled to-day. Women
contended with men for seats and won
a majority of the prizes. There was an
interval of fifteen minutes after the court
met before Mrs. Bradley was called. Mra.
Josephine Tighe, a writer for a New York
newspaper, told on the witness stand of
Mrs. Bradley's actions a few nights after
the shooting. She described how Mrs.
Bradley started up wildly when the matron
of the prison mentioned that Mrs. Anna
Adams was in town, and then wepd
piteously.

Judge Powers, Mrs. Bradley's coungel,
made an error in directing the bailiff to
call her, which had a visible effect of de-
pression upon the prisoner. “Call Mrs.
Anna Adams,” he said. There was an
oppressive silence of a minute or two.
Then Judge Powers realized his mistake
and corrected himself.

“I mean Mrs. Anna Bradley,” he said,
and the frail looking little woman in black
rose slowly, removed a shabby black cloak
and walked slowly to the witness chair.
She had to be assisted by a court officer,
who placed his arm back of her shoulders
to support her. Onoe seated, she raised
her eyes. As they met those of the crowd
in the court room a sickly smile overspread
her features and she grew so pale that for
a time it was believed that she would opl-
la

‘

pae.

The questions of Judge Powers were.
intended to dispel Mrs. Bradley's nervous-
ness. For the first fifteen minutes.of the
examination she was led to tell of the
early history of her life. She was born
in Kansas City, moved to Denver when a
child and attended school, but completed
her education later in life solely by her own
effort. ‘

As she proceeded with her narrative she
seemed to take on vitality, Under the spur
of questioning her countenance lighted up.
her eyes responded and thoss who had bre.
watching the trial from day to day got «
glimpee for the first time of a womanly
charm which heretofore had been lacking.
Her manner was earnest. Before she loft
the witness stand Mrs. Bradley had con-
vinoed everybody in the court room that
she was more than an ordinary woman, [?
there was any affectation it was not notio»
able.

Mrs. Bradley told a simple, straight-
forward story of her relations with the
former Senator from Utah. At times she
could not answer for weeping. When sha
related the plans of Brown and hersel?
for their future happiness she smiled
through her tears. She told the story of
her marriage to Clarence Bradley in 1892.
the birth of two children, the unhappiness
of her married life and her separation from
Bradley in 1898.

“Did: you know ex-Senator
Brown?” inquired Judge Powers.

The question came suddenly at the end
of a rather uninteresting recital of family
history. It was the signal for the firat
tears. After a pause she told how she was
introduced to Brown in 1892 by ber uncle,
W. H. Ryan. They were friends merely,
ashe said, until 1996 when they became
“very good friends.”

“Was there any time when your friend-
ship ripened into affection?”

“Yeu; in 1808.” She said that she loved
Brown. Asked to describe their relation:
she replied:

“I cannot. Lonly know that I believed his
protestations of love. [ can't tell how
much I loved him. It is beyond exprea-
sion.”

She spoke of the birth of her son in Febru-
ary, 1900. Before that time Senator Brown
had told her much of his life and said he
was unhappy. “I told him that what he
wanted would be only for sorrow, but be
replied ‘Never, never.’ He was a very
strange man. Finally he began coming to
my house at very unseemly hours and |
told him it must stop, but he answered
"Darling, we will go throngh life together.
I want you to have a son’—an after several
months we did. It was not our intention
then to continue our relations. Mr. Brown
wanted to get a divorce and marry me,
but I would not consent to him breaking
up his home. His only reply to this was:
‘Oh, child, you are the only bright spot in
my life.’”

She told of the christening of the boy,
Arthur Brown, Jr. Ex-Senator Brown was
present on that occasion and held the child.
Aaked why she believed Brown's protesta-
tions of love she replied:

“I did not believe any man could ask a
woman to bear him a child without loving
her devotedly.”

She said that their relations became
known to the publio and that she wanted
to go away, but Brown insisted that his
wife would consent to a divorce. He urged
Mrs. Bradley to get a divorce from her
husband, but she declined to “break up his
home.” When the second child was bors
Brown was exultant andexolaimed: “Thisis
my beloved son in whom | am well pleased.”

Mrs. Bradley described a trip to Wash-
ington with Brown, in which Alice Brown,
his daughter by his first marriage, accom -
panied them from Chicago. On the return
trip Brown stopped off with her at Yellow
Springs, Ohio, to attend the commencement
of Antioch College, of which he was an
alumnus. He introduced her as Mrs.
Brown to the president of the college and

A thue

others.,

Mrs. Bradley told of many thrilling
incidents. She described how at Grand
Junction, Col., where she had gone at

_ « we | Brown's suggestion, he pleaded with hor on
n

 

 
   
 
 

 

  

eo oe ee)

oD ae

CSTE PIERS ET

7

   

a
ad

ES

a

eas

r