WEATHER FORECAST.
Fair and warmer to-day and to-morrow;
gentle shifting winds.

Highest temperature yester ;
Detailed Gover reere at 4.

—_——
—_—

_YOL. in atimaaa te 823.

 

 

GAIN 2 MILES: TAKE I 7,000 MEN AND 360 GUNS.

 

lowest, 69.
page.

 

ache nero

 

 

idle ieee eee ee oe oe eee eee JULY 20,

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

_—_

1918. —Copyright, 1918, by the Sun Printing and Publishing Association.

oo

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

-——_—_—_—_——

 

CRUISER SAN DIEGO SUNK OFF FIRE ISLAND;
_ _ SURVIVORS SAY 300 MAY HAVE BEEN LOST

VESSEL'S CREW
PICKED UP BY
PASSING SHIPS

Magazine of Former Cali-
fornia Explodes as U-Boat
Alarm Is Given.

 

 

 

SINKS IN 26: MINUTES)
Survivors Tell of Seeing

“Barrel,” Believed to Be
Disguised Periscope.

 

.
The United States armored cruiser
San Diego, while proceeding to this city
from Portsmouth, N. H., ‘was sunk “at
11:26 o'clock yesterday morning ten
miles southeast of Fire Lsland light.

She had on board 51 officers and 1,067
men and It is feared that her casualties !
may be between 200 and 300. The best
estimate is guesswork and is founded on
the stories told by twenty-seven sur-
vivors who came ashore in ship's boats
at Point o’ Woods, near Fire Island light,
in the late afternoon. The San Diego was
commanded by Capt. H. H. Christy,
Lu sN

The survivors believe that the San
Diego was sunk by a torpedo’fired by a
German submarine. They say she was
hit at 11 o'clock, sank in twenty-six
minutes, and that just before she was
struck the attention of all on watch was
attracted by what appeared to be a
barrel close w and trailing through
the sea.

The ssitiion “ot thie’sedivien was not !
attracted 404 ttexbarret a8 an gbiect ;
possessing any special significance until
it*began to move and left a sharply
defined wake in its trail. Then a gun
was trained on it. Within another mo-
ment the gun would have been fired, but
an instant before the pointer caught the
range the San Diego was struck just
abaft the beam on the port side.

Magasine Explodes.

Tt has been estimated by her officers
that between 200 and 300 of her men
were below decks when she was struck.
Her magazine exploded almost imme- |
diately, and there can be little doubt
that many lives were lost in the explo-
sion, although the Navy Department in
Washington said last night it believed !
all were safe. The San Diego listed
sharply to starboard, rendering her guns
on that side useless, but before she set-
tled a few of her port guns were fired
at the point where the barrel had
been seen. It ‘is assumed that the
barrel was a SEQise contrived by
the submarine co nder to conceal his
periscope. *

Within the twenty-six minutes be-
tween the moment when she was struck
and the time she went down, those left
alive of her people took to such boats as
they could knock free or went overside
in their life jackets. Capt. Christy and
his second in command were’ the last to
leave her, going overboard at the stern
just before her main deck disappeared.
Capt. Christy was picked up by a boat.

What little information is available
concerning the sinking of the veséel was
obtained within a few minutes from the
men who came ashore at Point o' Woods,
Byt after they had talked for less than
five minutes they were admonished by
their officers that the rules of war com-
pelled their silence and nothing further
was learned from them. None of them
was permitted to give his name.

Submarine Reported Sunk.

Unconfirmed reports from the scene
of the wreck late last night stated that
the submarine had been overhauled by
naval vessels and sunk. Residents of
Fire Island and villages on the main-
land of Long Island heard the sounds
of gun fire and in the oecasional flashes
of searchlights could see airplanes dart-
ing close over the ocean's surface ap-
parently pursuing something on or be-
neath the water's surface. Now and then
one of them spat with her gun.

The officers and men who reached
Point o' Woods were brought to this
city by automobiles tendered them by
cottagers, who before bringing them
here showed them every attention and
provided a number of them with cloth-
ing. The rest of the saryivors are on
board steamships which were summoned
to the scene by wireless messages mae
possible through the alertness and cool
judgment of an aviator who was flying
near the San Diego when she was struck.

A late report last night stated that at
least one of those who’ was above decks
when the vessel was hit lost his life
rather than abandon his post. This was
& quartermaster, who was last seen on
the bridge just as the ship dived under.
Among the survivors who are on their
way to New York are many who were
in the water from three to four hours
before they were rescued. The ship was
lost in falr weather and with ecareely
any sea running. Otherwise many of
the men tn life Jackets would have per-
ished,

The explosion which ripped the ves-
se. to her vi was heara as far away
as Sayville, I., Afteen miles. When

- Cortina 4 on Third Page.

|

 

|
!
'

|
|

 

{

August 1.

'

|

 

  

BO ARD VOTE

 

 

Patrolmen and Firemen Thank “The Sun”
and Mr. Munsey for Pleading Cause

 

 

  

 

 
 

THE Patrolmen’s Benevolent Association and the Uniformed Fire-

men’s Association regard the action of the Board of Estimate as
a step in the right direction. While keenly disappointed that the
salaries of first grade patrolmen and firemen were not increased, we
are glad that the lower grades are to receive higher pgy. The Board
of Estimate by its action. has-reeognized the justice of our appeal,
and the statement by the board that there may be funds available to
increase the pay of the first grade patrolmen and firemen this year
shows that the board has given serious consideration to the conditions
confronting the patrolmen and firemen and that we have reason to
expect relief at an early date.

The Patrolmen’s Benevolent Association and the Uniformed Fire-
men’s Association extend their thanks to those who have aided them
in presenting their cases to the city authorities, particularly Mr.
Munsey and THE SUN, through whose columns the people have been in-
formed of the justice of our cause. THE SUN. in f sing a public
sentiment entirely in sympathy with this movement has performed a
distinct service to the city, a service which; when the first grade men
have received recognition, must result in greater efficiency and loyalty
on the part of the patrolmen and firemen to the people.

JOSEPH P. MORAN, President Patrolmen’s Benevolent Association,
ALBERT E. GUINNESS, President Uniformed Firemen’s Association
of Greater New York.

  
        
     
 
      
   
 
      
       
           
     
 
       
    

POLICEMEN WIN /BASEBALL HELD
PAY INCREASES) ‘NON-ESSENTIAL

Men and Matrons ‘Under the| Players of Draft Age Must Get
$1,500 Limit, as Well as Work in Win the War
Firemen, Get Raises. Industries.

 

 

 

 

 

UNANIMOUS|BIG LEAGUES MAY CLOSE
oo} acne: ae PERF IET i
Higher Salaried ‘Placcosts ye Lawyers,
Be Cared For Latep-—Thanks | phers, Cireus Men and Trav-

Given “The Sun” for Aid. | elling Salesmen Also Hit.

Gresser ear

All of New York's patrolmen and fire- | Special Despatch to Tur Sen.
men except those now getting the maxt-| Wasuinoton, July 19. — Secretary
mum of $1,500 a year, and the police; Baker held to-day that professional base-
| matrons as well, will be raised in pay! ball is a non-essential industry and
The Board of Estimate so/| therefore under the “work or fight" order
voted unanimously yestemiay. The Al-| the ball players of draft age through-
| dérmen will assent at a special meeting; out the United States must quit the
to-day. ' diamond for the period of the war and

The $1,500 men, who are in a large! seek employment in industries contribu-
majority in both the departments, and who | ting to the physical might of the nation
are the seniors of the service, will havé| in the world struggle.
to wait for their increases until Janu- From this decision there is no appeal.
ary 1, unless the city administration can | The Secretary of War has acted under

& ‘ ———_—

War

 

 

find the money sooner, which, it W&@8; the authorization of the President and
intimated yesterday, it might do. | with his full approbation in this spe-
The increases ordained yesterday | cific interpretation.

amount to $150 a year for each man
except those in the nd grade of the
Police Department, who are advanced
$100, In each case the $150 added to
the pay envelopes is more than the 10
per cent. for which the men petitioned,

As far as it goes, the act of the Hoard
of Estimate constitutes a splendid in-
dorsement of the popular movement
which THe SUN launched June 7, when
Mr, Munsey, in a statement to the men
and women of New York, gave an out-
line of intolerable conditions under
which the men of the blue coated mu-
nicipal armies were trying to serve the
city.

Hence it will be up to all baseball
players having dependents immediately
to quit their teams.

Not only was ball playing put in the
clase of non-useful occupations by to-
day's order but it was also indgeated
by Secretary Baker that plans for
broadening the scope of the “work or}
fight" order to include those. employ-
ments still in the twilight zone are under
consideration by the executive authori-
tles.

 

 

Young Lawyers Must Work.

In spite of Secretary Baker's opinion
that the scope of the order should be
; enlarged to include persons whose oc-
cupation is solely that of entertaining, it
was stated by several officials that thea-
tres and the concert stage still are re-
garded as useful in furnishing needed |

Justice of Claims Admitted.

While professing inability to grant
more money to the first grade, the
$1,500 men, at this time, the Board of
maou bee ee ee eS | }entertainment. Circus performers will
justice of their claim | probably come under the ban. Young
to understand they will ens a |jawyers and law graduates who have |
in the not distant future > sp lowest | Not Yet begun active practicé, secretaries,
ually raised the ates 9 As 2 Ps are| Gummy directors, officials and stenog- |
paid engaged <— cent old basts, | T@@hers in non-essential industries will |
least able to ge come within the regulation.

The only wm s fond mass £6 | Special consideration is being given to

re young men ;

: tied into the army or are subject to the case of travelling salesmen, but they

ra they are dratied probably will not be directed to chance

the draft. As pee as - oe them the | their occupation because it ts felt they

os city aes Muei city and Gov- | Maintain the relation between producers
erence

ernment salaries, About 400 patrolmen and consumers. The strain on business

4 300 firemen are in the army now. seems to make their continued employ-
an
So the Board of Estimate is raising the ment essential. .

0 Today's decision, the effect of which

wages. of ahout 700 men who are in ; ,
in or elsewhere in the nation's ser-| !8 !kely to reach far beyond the base
ball industry, was rendered upon the test

vice and still are on the New York pay-
roll, as well as of other men who will go case of Eddie Alnsmith, backstop of the

 

 

 

soon to training camps. This could not AVashington | American Losaue team.
heiped, for the city cannot raise the Ainsmith is married an as one
be hep child. Under the interpretation of the

salaries of police and fire grades and
except any of the men in those grades
who are on leave of absence while serv~-
ing Uncle Sam. *

In one important particular the Board
of Estimate has taken action that will
benefit both the Police and Fire depart-
ments. ° It has lifted the minimum Bal-
ary, which firemen have been getting for
their first two years and patrolmen for
their first three years, from $1,050 to
$1,200. The $1,050 figure was impossi-
ble. Recruits could not be obtained.

$1,200 Salary to Be Starter.

The undermanned Police and Fire de- |
partments have been hunting for men |
by the hundred and geting hardly @! the Washington American League Base-
handful. It !s belleved that they can be! pall Club. The Secretary held that “the
found now that they will get $1,200 a| country will be best satisfied if the
‘year at the start. Especially is it "hoped , great selective process by which our
hat men above draft age will be at. army is recruited makes no discrimina-
<saakah by the new entrance salary, and tions among men except those upon

which depend the preservation of the
certainty of speedy advancement to at) | ai iesses and industries of the country

seicctive draft act He had been placed In
class 4. Under the work or fight orier
rremulgatd May ::3 Ainsmith was trans-
fetred trom clase 4 to class 1.

He appealed from the decision of oe
local board and the district board ok
tained the decision. Then the case went
to the Secretary of War, where it was|
considered most exhaustively, as it was
seen that in this case were presented all |
the facts necessary to make of it the
perfect test case.

 

aa geen ee aE.

Covers Every Angle.

 

, The decision of Secretary Baker cov-}
j ered all of the ground traversed by the |
baseball player and by his employers,

 

 

Continued on Bighth Page. Continued on Thirteenth Page.

: v,
4 ¢, A

 

T.R.IGNORES
APPEALS TO RUN
FOR GOVERNOR

Whitman’s Backers Believe
‘Colonel Will Not Enter
the Race.

0. K. PUT ON PLATFORM
Rodman Wanamaker  Men-

tioned as Republican Com-
promise Candidate.

Prom a Staff Correspondent of Tue Svun.

Saratoca, July 19.—Col. Theodore
Roosevelt is expected to announce soon
whether he will accede to tlhe desire of
the ant!-Whitman Republicans that he
enter the primaries for the nomination
for Governor. The possibility that he
would inject himself into the situation,
with the bitter primary fight that would
follow, entirely dominated the situation
on this the closing day of tte Repub-
ican unofficial convention.

Former President Taft
address of lofty patriotism.
tion adopted a platform pledging the
party to assist in every way in the
Prosecution of the war, calling attention
to the achievements of the Wi itman ad-
ministration both as ta the war and
locally, and advocating several economic
and social reforms.

But the thought that was on tre mind
of the delegates and of every member of
the party present wags the question as to

the ming of..the, Celanel at
yster Bay. j

* THORS Waders who are engineering the
drive to pufh the Colonel into the race
Geclare with utmost positiveness that he
will accept. They state without reserve
that they have his promise. The Whit-
man leaders express a strong belief tl.at
the Colonel has no intention of running.
It ia known that séveral of the friends
of the Colonel are much opposed to him
entering the fight.

delivered an
The conven-

Hendricks Indorsesa T. R.

Francis Hendricks of Syracuse cast
his lot with tke Colonel to-day and
signed a round robin, which is being
circulated, urging ‘him to sacrifice his
personal desiree and enter the race as a
lofty patriotic duty. It is stated with
utmost positiveness that Mr. Hendricks,
wto refused to sign last night, did not
do so to-day until Horace 8S, Wilkinson
had assured him the Colonel would ac-
cept.

It means & good deal to a leader to
leave the Whitman camp unless he can
be assured that he is to Jand in another
Position of influence, and this has been
causing some of them to hesitate. Mr.
Hendricks hag sometimes been called the
; “Old Fox" of the State organization, and
the fact that he has gone over to Roose-
velt was generally considered to be of
the greatest significance.

Copies of the round robin were being
stealthily circulated all over the conven-
tion and around the hotel to-day.
text is being kept secret until it ia sent
to Col. Roosevelt. However, it is known
that the appeal is on the grounds of
loftiest patriotism, that Republican con-
trol of the State is in danger and that it
is necessary for the best interests of the
country to keep New York in the hands
of the Republicans.

The names of the signers are also
being kept quiet for obvious reagons, the
anti-Whitman men say. It was stated,
however, that Charles E. Hughes and
Francis B. Mitchell, owner of the Poat-
Erpress newspaper in Rochester, had
authorized the signing of their names.

Belteve Colonel Is Ready.

Attorney-General
received no replysto his telegram urging
the Colonel to run. This and the ab-
sence of any statement from Oyster Bay
at once repudiating the efforts made to
entangle him in the State situation are
the most convincing sign to old politi-
clans that an arrangement has already

 

Continued on Fifth Page.

Now Let Us All Help
Win Another Soissons!

| AM honor and glory to those’

fighting boys over in France!
They are driving the fear of God
and a respect for Americans

into the head of the Kaiser.

Of course you yelled when
you heard the splendid news.
But how much credit for that
famous victory is due to you and

me? A little at least if we are
contributors to THE SUN To-
bacco Fund, for smokes are help-
ing our lads to deliver the goods.

Take a look at page 8 and
think it over.

WARNING! THE SUN TO-
BACCO FUND has no connection
with any other fund, organiza-
tion or publication. It employs
no agents or solicitors.

gen
a a

a cee i ee eee te een eee ee

eS ->

Its |

Lewis gays he has)

 

 

YANKEES REPEL
COUNTER BLOW

NEAR SOISSONS

| Enemy Brings Up More Men

| in Effort to Save Key
to Marne,

| AMERIC ANS ARE

| “It

EAGER)

Certainly Was
Chase Those Germans,”
Says a Doughboy.

By HERBERT BAILEY.
Special Cable Despatch to Tur Sux and the
Public Ledger.

| Copyright, 1918; all righta reserved.

With THE AMERICAN ARMY IN
FrAnce, July 19.—Intense fighting is
in progress along all parts of the
Franco-American front between Sois-
sons and Chateau Thierry. ‘German
counter attacks on the heights over-
looking Soissons,, from which position
the Allies command the railway lines
which supply the Germans operating
along the Marne, failed this morning
under the intense American fire, and
more Germans are rapidly moving to-
ward this region,

In a ruined town this morning 1 saw
& number of German prisoners, headed
by twelve officers, inclucing a regi-
mental commanéef. ‘Phe officers had
serious faces, but the men, all of whom
are well built and apparently from
Qermany’s best divisions, were un-
usually cheerful. At another place
American __ wounded were walking
through the streets accompanied by
French wounded. Often these men,
French and American, were walking
along with their arms around each
other’s waists or shoulders supporting
each other. It was a significant spec-
tacle.

 

i

-_

Before Solssons by Night.

The fighting of yesterday, in which

the Americans played their part nobly,
was inspiring and a pleasant turn of the
tide. As a result of only a few hours
fighting the Americans advanced to
within sight of Soissons by night. At
points further south, notably near
Torcy, they advanced a mile, while Hill
1172 was captured in a brilliant dash.
Never before have the Americans
fought so extensively. In the Solssons
area they moved to the attack, assisted
by a large number of tanks, speedily
reached their objectives and continued to
! press on.

At first the enemy offered etiff resist-
ance, but when the Americans got closer
the Germans threw away their machine
guns, rifles and everything else that
hreatened to impede them and began to
cry “Kamerad."

 

 

Artillery Not Destroyed.

Because of the surprising suddenness
of the attack the enemy did not have
time to destroy his guns.

The wounded Americans I have seen
were exultant. “When I saw those Ger-
mans running,” said one sturdy, rugged
j boy, “I certainly was cheered up. It
certainly was fun to go over the top
and chase those Germans.”

Despite their bloody bandages they
corsiituted a happy party.

The Americans now have achieved
something very real and important, pro-
viding a salutary lesson to Germany
| and a happy augury for the allied fu-
ture The German War Minister re-
cently spoke contemptuously of the work
of the Americans in Belleau Wood, re-
|; marking that they had attacked only
after the German drive was fintshed,
But in the last few days the Americans
have fought both offensively and de-
fensively, and as a result of their work
‘one naturally wonders to what extent
Von Stein has changed his opinion.

| Twenty Minutes for a Smoke.

The work of the Americans certainly
{has been a revelation, Fast of Rheims
they held up the German attack on their
section and fought with amazing tenac-
ity and skill.

1 travelled through the forest of Vil-
lers-Cotterets on Wednesday, in the di-
rection of Soissons, and it certainly was
an inspiring sight to see the American
artillery moving forward. The troops
seemed to enjoy the change from inac-
tion. Many of them were qufttly laugh-
ing and chuckling as they rode along.
One of them said to me:

“Our captain told us yesterday to have
a good smoke, as we were going ove
the top in twenty minutes. When the
time was up he asked us if we were all
ready, and we all yelled that we were.
Then we went over,
turned their machine guns and artillery
on us and it was hot work for a time.
But before we reached their first line
they started to run, with us hot footing
it after them. It certainly was great
sport while it lasted.”

 

 

—_-—_ - —-______:

Fun to}

The Germans

extamemeneedintenctocee- cxtneeremtiaon

 

    

  

Earl Reading Hears Unofficially
That Allies Have Taken Soissons

Special Despatch to Tue Sus.

ASHINGTON, July 19.—Following persistent rumors to-day that

Soissons had been captured with 30,000 German prisoners, and
large quantities of supplies, Secretary Baker issued this statement:

“The attention of the world, of course, is focussed on the tremen-
dous counter blow being delivered by Gen. Foch. Gradual extension
of these operations to the east is indicated in the press despatches,
but as yet it is not officially confirmed.

“We have no report concerning Soissons, but the battle has been
raging at that part of the front, and the fall of Soissons seemed to be
indicated by the progress made at the time of the latest official. des-
patches.

“The significance of this movement lies in the fact that the su-
preme commander evidently feels that the allied forces are now suf-
ficiently strong to justify vigorous offensive action.”

Ear! Reading, the British Ambassador telephoned this afternoon
to Secretary Baker that he had received cable advices of an unof-
ficial character to the effect that Soissons was in the hands of the
Allies.

  
  
 
 

  
 

 
 

 
 

 
   
   
 

 
   
   
 
  

|
|
|
|

 
 

 

 

BRILLIANT PANORAMA SEEN —
IN BACK YARD OF BATTLE

Sights of Thirty Mile Motor Ride Include Thousands
of Prisoners, Shells Bursting Everywhere,
Improvised Field Hospital.

 

 

_—
By RAYMOND G. CARROLL.
Special Cable Despatch to Tae Sun and the Public Ledger.
Copyright, 1918; all rights reserved.

WITH THE AMERICAN ARMY IN FRANCE, July 19.—From the
vantage point of a seat in an automobile it was my privilege on Thursday
twice to traverse the entire thirty mile width of the brilliant Franco-
American advance from Chateau Thierry northward to the neighborhood
of Soissons.

An. $8. beck xard. io ae speak, of this great battle, almed in the
direction of Soissons I witnessed many extraordinary scenes along numerous
roadway Artéfies, up which passed the life of our attack, in food, ammuni-
tion and humAén féplatement, ‘an@d down which rolled ambulances and
trucks with our wounded, and with them thousands ef prisoners walking.

The prisonérs made a pleasing picture, in their dull green uniforms—
vr ‘Paris green,’’ as an American artillery officer remarked, having in
mind doubtless their early war cocksureness,

Shells Burst Everywhere.

The news despatches already have carried a word picture of the
brilliant events of the day, describing how at the break of dawn, without
artillery preparation, the soldiers of the two republics leaped from their
trenches, with tanks rumbling along with them, with batteries pausing
at stated intervals to blaze a pathway for the infantrymen and with cavalry-
men ¢harging through the great gaps torn in the enemy's line.

Through powerful glasses I could see through clearings in the various
wooded tracts, noting the details of the fighting. Shells were bursting
everywhere. Tiny smoke puffs marked exploding grenades. Even the fig-
ures of our sharpshooters were discernible, as they wriggled along the
ground like ants to pick off German machine gunners,

And over our heads, as we watched, screamed a constant succession
of French big gun shells, shrieking onward in their mission of death,

Like Line of Mowers.

Imagine twenty or more mowers side by side cutting the grass of a
wide lawn, Imagine one of them striking a stone or a bump and stopping
with a jerk, the others keeping on in an unbroken line. In like manner
our units and the French moved out simultaneously from their original
| Positions, ~

Their first objectives were reached before 8 o'clock, the second by
noon and the third long before nightfall, when all the advancing units were

linked together and consolidated exactly in accordance with the plans of

{the French higher command.

| At all times there was the closest cooperation haiwaan the French
and Americans and between the different units of the French and Amer-
{ean forces. When one American unit was held up at a strong point
Immediate help was forthcoming from the tanks or from a neighboring
unit not so hard pressed,

The fighting line surged forward steadily, now rapidly, now stag-
geringly. It curved forward here and bent backward there, but always
the general direction of the drive was toward the enemy, and the Germans |
went reeling back toward their rear positions, or came toward our men to
give themselves up as prisoners,

As the American units were sandwiched between French forces it!
| Was difficult to identify them. and to keeP track of their whereabouts. We
see them pressing ever forward, however, with only brief pauses

upon encountering particularly obstinate centres of resistance.

Complaint by Wounded.
| After passing through Villers-Cotterets, the birthplace of Alexandre
| Dumas the elder, we motored into the vast forest of Retz. Here in one
of the innumerable crossroads in the oneé we saw a
fascinating panorama of incidents. A lodge keeper’s hut had been trans-
| formed into a first aid station, and lying in the grass under patches of
| sunlight that came’ through the trees were wounded boys from every State
jin the Union, not a single one of them complaining,
glad to have had a part in the victory,

Many wounded prisoners were there too, all receiving the same atten
{tion from our surgeons, Resting in the road were little groups of American
| boys waiting for the signal to proceed to the fighting zone. Many
| prisoners, speaking perfect English, were talking to our boys.
them said he intended to go to a farm in America after the war.

1
t
|
|
i
|
|
| could
|
|

 

lonesome woods

every one of them

Another

told of a German officer who was killed by his own men because he
would not give the order to surrender,
Germans Not Using Rifles.

|
| According to the German prisoners and our own wounded, the Germans
ti now fighting almost entirely with machine guns and artillery, seldom
using their rifles, Food in great quantities had been dumped near this
crossroad, and there on the ground
dried fruits, bread and other edibles, to which the French, Americans and
Germans helped themselves, the former to prepare themselves against the
coming fight and the latter because they were hungry.
told me he hadn't the heart to stop them,

Many of the American headquarters staffs were forced to move severn!
times during the day, so rapid had been the advance,

 

were opened packages of crackers,

 

A kind faced sergeant

 

The movement, how-

 

% Continued on Second Page. ty

di de ae

——

   
 
   
    

 
   
   
 

‘Enemy Resisting Heath
ately the Effort to Get Pos-
| session of Soissons.

LINE WE AKER

MARNE

‘Penetration Already
| ficient to Cause Change in
the German Plans.

|BRINGS MORE RESERVES
Greatest Gain During Day

| Made in Portion Held by
the Americans.

Special Cable Despatch to Tue Sux

Copyright, 1918; all rights reserved.
Lonpon, July 19.—The great coun-
ter offensive on the Soissons front in
France is developing better than the
most optimistic had hoped at its be
ginning at daybreak yesterday. Dur-
ing the day the French and Ameri-
cans advanced their lines about two

 

miles further east at some pointy
and although the Germans haf
brought up very heavy reenforce

ments and began their counter attack’
with great vigor on the plateau to
the south of Solssons, which is the
key to the city, they were unable to
make any progress against the Ameri-
cans who are holding the position.

In fact the tide of the Francs
American “invasion” is still in full
flood and the Germans so far have
been wholly unable to stem it or even
to diminish its force. Paris to-night
reports so far 17,000 prisoners and
more than 360 guns have been tvkes
The greatebt gain recorded wax
in the central part of the battle
front and on the section immediately
south of it, nearer to Chateaw
Thierry. This is the section held by
Americans,

 

General Retreat Likely.

| The prevailing opinion among com-
petent military observers here to-
night is that Gen. Foeh's offensive
already has progressed to a point
where it will compel the Germans
to make a complete readjustment of
their whole front south of the Aisne
| and that they may be forced to retire

considerable distance unless they
ean recover the gains made by the

 

French and Americans yesterday,
It is not impossible that the repulse
of the Germans along the whole line

from Solssons to the Argonne may
be turned into a complete defeat.
The initlative has passed into the
hands of the French definitely and
the tables have been turned com-
pletely on the enemy, who will have
to fight desperately to avert a dis-
aster, That the Germans will he

compelled to discontinue their attaeks
on the Marne and the eastward
toward Rheims seems almost certaln,
as well that the Crown Prince
will have to employ all his reserves
extricate his army from. the
perilous position in whieh it has been
placed.

as
to
very

Reenforcements Brought Up.

Strong German reenforcements came
up during the night and were in ac

 

tion early this morning. The fighting
| yesterday was not confined to the
western side of the salient, as some of
the reports indicated, but extended
south of the Marne, where the Freneh
recaptured Montvoisin, on the south
bank of the river seven miles east of
| Dormans, and threw the Germans out
| of Oeuilly.

On the eastern side of the Marne
;} salient, between the river and Rheims,
progress was made hy the French in
Roi Wood and Courton Wood, the
points where the driving in process of
the Germans in their effort to encircle
Rheims had reached a highly danger:
ous point, and the French lines were
fadvanced nearly a mile westward A
little further to the north the Italians
j}took Moulin d'Ardre and also somo
ground near Bouilly

 

of the}
One of}

German Reports Misleading.
| The German reports to-night and
day are an example of very crude fatsi-
fication by indirection, The night state-
ment says a fresh attempt of the French
to break through met with heavy losses
; to them The day statement
that “the long expected counter offensive
of the French" penetrated by
into a few isolated points on the
try and artillery lines, but

to-

asserts

surprise
infan

the Ger

 

man

reserves, which had been held in reac-
ness, frustrated the ene attempts to
break through It {s asserted also that
{the number of prisoners taken by the
‘Germans since July 15 has risen to
j 20,000,

In the two German statements men-
tion is not made once that American
iiroops are participating in the fighting

It appears that studious jTort has

  

Suf-

 

 

 

:
y
Kt
‘

 

 

Gert eal