H]
q
i

nn ry
5 -

 

2

=—_—

+444

 

 

been made to refrain from mentioning
the Americans since the campaign in the
German newspapers belittling the Amer-
icans as fighters, whether in large num-
bers or small.

Champagne Front Secure.

The French have no further anxiety
in regard to the front In the Champagne,
It should be noted, however, that only a
very small part of the reserves of Prince
Rupprecht on the Somme and Ypres
fronts have been sent to the Crown
Prince's assistance, and it is believed
here. that the German strategy will take
the form of launching. a big attack
against the British front in those dis-
tricis,

It is possible, on the other hand, and
is regarded as probable by some experts
here, that Gen. Foch will anticipate such
@ move by the Germans and begin a
great counter attack on the Somme front
very soon, utilizing the British and
American troops, who are chafing more
or less under their inaction.

Likely to Strike Firewhere.

Looking at the problem from the Ger-
man point of view, it would seem !m-
probable that an excellent strategist
like Gen. Ludendorff will “throw good
money after bad" and continue his fu-
tile attempts on the Marne and Cham-
pagne fronts, but, keeping sufficient
troops there to prevent disaster, he is
more likely to concentrate every avail-
able man pn some other sector.

The German failure on the Marne is
likely, in the British view, to accelerate
an enemy blow against another part of
the Allies’ front, which logically would
be the British sectors. However, the
Germans have used up a large part of
their reserve divisions; therefore, the
next blow will be lese serious. At the
same time it is pointed out here that
the Allies are not out of the wood yet
and that the successes of the present
week, while most encouraging, are as
yet not decisive. :

GEN. MANGIN SEEKS
CONTROL OF ROADS

Possession Will imperil Ger-
man Hold on the Marne.

 

 

 

Special Cable Despatch to Tue SuN from the
London Times,
Copyright, 1918; all rights reserved.

Paric. July 19.—The ultimate objec-
tives of the Frénch and Americans now
carrying out their offensive between
Soissons and Chateau Thierry are the
roads—motor and rail—running north
and south between the Aisne and the
Marne.

Immediately north of Quichy Cha-
teau lies a highland constituting a water-
ehed between the two rivers. The coun-
try on each side of this watershed is

cut by innumerable streams, which flow
easily down the soft undulations, with
here and there a sharper valley, espe-
cially along the Ourcq, which feeds the
Marne.

Gen. Mangin’s counter attack started
in the fringes of Villers-Cotterets forest,
which in peace time was a charming
#ylvan glen north of the Oureq. The
country is comparatively clear of thickly
wooded areas, snd has many good roads,
It is such a country, in fact, that would
lend itgelf admirably to the employment
of mobile artillery and tanks,

South of the QOureq the country is
much more cut up by small streams, and
by big roads and railways, byt the whole
country follows more or less the undula-
tions of the main road from Soissone to
Chateau Thierry, which, rising sharply
from the Marne, drops down again sud-
denly into the valley of the Ourcg, then
rises slightly through the gentle hills
until it drops suddenly into the steep
valley of the Aisne at Soissons, which
has, immediately to the southwest, a
senies of plateaus known us Montagnes'|
de.Paris. These, with the correspon
ing: plateaus, Montagne de Rheims on
the southeast, dominate the town.

The biggest French advance from a
Gtrategical point of view
the northern extremity. In the direction
of Soissons the platenu = 4mmediately
dominating the town from the southwest
Was carried. Along the line between
Soissons and Chateau Thierry marked

by Vierzy, Villers Noroy, Marigy, Haute-
vesnes, Belleau Wood and Bouresches
the Allies penetrated so deeply that the
Freneh were enabled to employ their
cavalry.

If the French get to Soiarons the Sols-
gons-Chateau Thierry salient will become
untenable to the Germans; but, the
French are well schooled in the fluctu-
ating fortunes of war, and while they
are prepared to belfeve in miracles since
the first battle of the Marne they are
willing to let belief follow in the foot-
steps of accomplishment,

Nevertheless the most moderate and
cautious critick see, in the success with
which the Germans have been broughti
to a standstill east of Rheims and along |
the Marne, and in the brilliant advance
of the French and Americans under Gen.
Mangin ample proof that the Allles are
able to discontinue the practice of we-
cepting strategical dictation from tre
enemy.

|
|
was made a
|
|
|

i
|
!
|
i

 

 

DRIVE.FOR CHALONS |
DEFINITELY ENDED,

|

Due to Stand of Gen. Gouraud |

in Champagne. |

ao Sen me |

&peria!l Cable Despatch ta Tar Sus '
Copyright,

Paris, July
@ulis of Gen

not

certain is

1918; all rights reserved {
1%.—-Although all the re- |
Foch’s great offensive can-
predicted
that

now be one thing already |
of the,

Germans, which was to break the Cham- |

the macn plan

Ppagne frent and capture Chalons, on the!
Marne, has

collapsed completely

, Gen, Gouraud’s army has spoiled the |
eneaiy's scheme, This was accomplished
not only by the valor of the troops but!

also by the remarkable fashion in which

Gen. Gouraud organized his defences, |

In anether sector of the battlefleld
south of the Marne where the.sGermans
have won small patches of land levding

fn the direction of Epernay the most fu-

Tidus fig uting is been in progress, A
Similar sivuggle has been in progress on
the Itallan sector below Rheims on the
eartern tide of the German salient
Mere the ciermanus have attacked with
peculiay feroc.ty, their battle ery being
revenge for the Austrian defeat in Italy,

The results so far have exceeded the

most ranguine expectations, Numerous
Altacks With tanks and gas were broken
by the resistance of the Italians, and a
Nttle later an Italian counter attack
routed the enemy on the Ardre and tn
the kirts of Pourey

lorkee of the Germnns have been
enormous. They have thrown their men
into the struggle with the same reck-
lessness in the battles of March 21
ond the days immediately thereafter
Many of the recently reorganized regti-
ments—-which were plecemented to-
Kether from remnants of other regi-
jmente that in the last four months of
fighting had been reduced in some cases
to as few twenty-five men-—have-
ogain been A\sorganized and scatlered
by the fire of the Allies’ guns

The

a

“us

French Labor Indorses Wilson,

Paris, July 19 The Congress of the}
General Confederation of Labor adopted
lawt

night, after a long and animated
discussion, by a vote of 508 to 288, a

reeolution approving the adoption by the}
leaders of the confederation of the peace

principles enunciated by President Wil-
£0n,
\

Ls
a

 

Pye eetad Goran te ewe taotaeed - a

 

 

RENCH and American troops, continuing their advance on the western | Italians and the French forced back the Germans at the
side of the German salient that extends below the Marne, made ad-| they were narrowing the smaller salient about Rheims, wit

ditional gains yesterday, advancing in a general way about two miles and
capturing additional villages. On the eastern side of the wedge the

OFFICIAL REPORTS OF THE BATTLE

LONDON, July 19.—Following are the official reports of the fighting
in France: ;

FRENCH (NIGHT)—The battle begun yesterday between the
Aisne and the Marne continued all day ‘with extreme violence, the
enemy reacting along the wholé line with large reserves in an at-
tempt to stay our progress. Despite his efforts we continued our
advance over the greater part of the front.

On the left we maintained the plateau southwest of Soissons
and in the region of Chaudun. In the centre our advance exceeded
three kilometers at certain points along the line of Vaux-Castille,
Villers-Helon and Noroy-sur-Ourcq. On the right our troops oc-
cupied after bitter fighting the plateau northwest of Monnes and the
height north of Courchamps and advanced beyond Torcy.

The number of prisoners counted up to the present exceeds
17,000, including two Colonels with their chiefs of staff. We have
captured more than 360 cannon, including one battery of 210s.

FRENCH (DAY)—Between the Aisne and the Marne our
troops, surmounting the resistance of the enemy, which was in-
creased by the arrival of new reserves, realized sensible progress at
the close of yesterday. The number of prisoners counted is being
augmented. The battle continues with violence along the whole
front.

West of Rheims and south of the Marne our troops yesterday,
by a vigorous attack, retook Montvoisin and threw the enemy out
of the outskirts of Oeuilly.

To the north of the Marne we have made progress in the Roi
Wood and the Courton Wood and carried our line a kilometer to
the westward.

Further north the Italians have taken Moulin d’Ardre and con-
quered ground in the region of Bouilly.

In the course of these actions the French have captured four
cannon, thirty machine guns and 400 prisoners.

Between Montdidier and Noyon and also in the Woevre region
in raids against the German lines we captured 100 prisoners,

GERMAN (NIGHT)-—On the battlefield between the Aisne and
the Marne a fresh attempt by the French to break through our lines
failed with heavy losses to the enemy.

GERMAN (DAY)—The battle has blazed up again between
the Aisne and the Marne. There the French have begun their long
expected counter offensive, By the employment of extremely
strong squadrons of tanks they succeeded at first in penetrating
by surprise into our front infantry and artillery lines at isolated
points and in pressing back our line.

Afterward our line divisions, together with reserves which
has been held in readiness, frustrated the enemy from breaking
through.

Toward midday French attacks on the line southwest from Sois-
sons to Neuilly and northwest of Chateau Thierry were defeated.
In the afternoon very strong partial attacks of the enemy on the
whole of the front of attack broke down against our new line.
Enemy columns which were endeavoring to reach the battlefield
wer: the objectives of our successful battle planes.

On the front south of the Marne the French, since their failures
of July 16-17, have only directed partial attacks southeast of
Mareuil, which were repulsed, Between the Marne and Rheims and
east of Rheims the fighting activity has been confined to local opera-
tions. Enemy attacks in the Bois du Roi and on both sides of
Pourcy broke down.

We have captured prisoners in successful attacks northwest of
Troesnes, on the Suippes and on both sides of Perthes. The num-
ber of prisoners brought in since the 15th exceeds 20,000.

 

BRITISH (NIGHT)—By a successful minor operation carried
out by us this morning in the Bailleul sector Scottish troops cap-
tured the village of Meteren, gaining all their objectives and taking
over 300 prisoners, with a number of machine guns.

Under cover of this operation, Australian troops pushed their
line forward a short distance south of Meteren and captured more
than eighty prisoners and ten machine guns.

We also obtained a few prisoners during the day in raids and
patrol encounters in the Nieppe Forest sector.

BRITISH (DAY)—Hostile raids were driven off during the
night in the Villers-Bretonneux and Morlancourt sectors. We car-
ried out successful raids in the neighborhood of Bucquoy, Willerval
and Locre and captured a few prisoners,

‘ "

 

 

THE SUN, SATURDAY,

 

—

| Nanteuil and Pourcy nearly a mile to the west.
eo The heaviest fighting of the day occurred on the plateau south of is regarded as imminent.

(GERMANS RALLYING
TO CHECK ATTACK

| Enemy Believed to Have Twen-
| ty Divisions Back of
the Lines.

 

By GERALD CAMPBELL,

' Special Cable, Despatch to Tue SUN from the
| London Times |
Copyright, 118; all rights reserved
|; Wrrn tHe Frencn Army, July 19.—!
| To-day, after a quiet night, the Germans |
|are bringing up

;and much heavy fighting is expected.
Although a great many prisoners have |
been taken and much war material cap-
‘tured it must be borne in mind that
‘the Germans have many reserve di-
| visions in this sector, probably as many
as twenty; kept there, no doubt, to meet
,any counter attack that might develop
{gan their flanks while the Marne offen-

‘sive was in progress.

| These reserves have already begun to
enter the line, and for a time they held
the French back. There has been furl- |
ous hand to hand fighting, particularly |
in the neighborhood of Soissons, on the
southwestern plateau, and between Vil-

 

heavy reenforcements

, lera Helon,, Noroy and the Ourcq. Tho
‘latter struggle continued through the
i night.

}

{| French Holding pr Gaining.

+ This morning the French were either,
holding their ground or advancing at
| certain points along the front. Clearly, |

; however, it is the part of prudence to
, be prepared for a vigorous reaction on
the part of the enemy, either here or |

elsewhere By to-morrow, or eyen at
the close of to-day, the enemy probably
| will have his maximum resisting strength
;marshalied in defence

Although the battle so far has been in
our favor we are not yet our of the
woods.

\ Auything Posible in Open.

dince warfare began
seems possible, even a surprise |
on «a big scale. Since the war began |
there hasn't been anything so complete |
on elther side, or anything so extended, |
| 48 yesterday's surprise attack by the
' French and Americans, which caught
the enemy unawares.

At many points officers were snoosing |
in their beds, and at others the fighting
men up carly were setting out to har-
vest the crops of rye.

Shortly before the
German officer, taken prisoner on the

Marne, was asked by some one (quite |
, innocently) if he wasn't afraid

anything
attack

open

attack began a

|

there ‘
would be an attack on the German right |

‘flank while the Mirne battle was in:
progress”?

“Afraid?” he asked, “Certainly not, |
Why should we be afraid? We have
positive information that Foch has al-
ready used up all of his reserves, so
there \semidn't be any men left te at-
tnok ue.”
| The blow caught the enemy napping

| because there was nothing in the way of
jartillery preparation to announce the at- |
tack, Among the allied forces there was
no knowledge that the attack was
planned, Only a few officers outside of
the higher command knew that it even
was contemplated, The rank and file,
, officers and men-—-and this includes
many officefs of very high rank—did not
know the plans until they received or-
ders to advance,

' One Handred Big Guns Taken,

When the advances are al!
it will be found, oflicers belleve, that
‘the teritory gained is equal in area
‘to that gained by the Germans in their
last offensive after long weeks of prep- |
;@ration. Not less than a hundred big |
|\guns have been taken.

| Yesterday I talked with Gen. De.
j Boutte, commanding the southern army,
‘and found him well pleased with what
jhad been Accomplished,

Opposition on this part of the sector

measured

 

 

| the

‘came up in the night
| pened
| and moving. torward their stations just}

| merous villages were taken,

Pagne on a man who is very tired

enemy's

JULY 20, 1918.

— +

 

 

 

has been more stubborn than at most
other points. Behind Chouy, called
Boulsson de Cresnes, the edge of Vil-
lers-Cotteret forest was still strongly |
held by enemy machine gun detach-
ments at 10 o'clock. In order not to;
delay the genera! advance the French |
troops were ordered to march past it!
north and south, and when in this way |
it was practically surrounded a unit |
of Ametican infantry who never be- |
fore had been under fire was ordered |
to clean it up.
ished the job they brought back twenty-
nine prisoners, all that was left alive
if the garrison.

In the same district a body of troops:
in crossing the River Savieres, which
flows into the Ourcg at Troesnes, waded

 

 

 

BRILLIANT

——————————

oints where | and overlooking Soissons, where the Germans, having brought up large
the idea of | reenforcements, made a desperate attempt to drive out the French and
| forcing the evacuation of that city, and advanced their own lines near | Americans, who held the position, the key to Soissons. They failed: com-
| pletely. The fall of Soissons into the hands of the troops of the Allies

PANORAMA SEEN
IN BACK YARD OF BATTLE

 

Continued from First Page.

 

ever, was always forward,

nine different regiments, Among them were a dozen or more officers, the
highest in rank being a Majer, who, from the newness and splendor of

his uniform, was thought by our men to be aw General.
hissed as he passed to the rear, Hundreds of machine fleld guns and whole |

After five hours of fighting all the American
When they had fin-! staffs were on territory which only that morning had belonged to the enemy,
At one staff headquarters we counted more than 1,500 prisoners from

was

through, breast deep, under heayy ar-| batteries of 77s and even larger guns were cuptured Dy our men,

tillery fire,
floundered across.

In the early morning the sky was
gray und there was a certain amount of |
fog, which at first hampered the work !
of the tirmen, but the fog soon cleared
away and by seven the alrmen were en- |
gaged in reporting the various stages

singing choruses as they

In the centre
south of Pasay en Valolx, where the
enemy soon waa driven from the pla-
teaus north and south of the villages,
troops were pressing toward the |
Neuilly front.

 

Cavalry Have Thei®*Uhanee,

Early in the day the infantry, thanks
to the cavalry acoompanying them, had
reached and passed their objectives. The |
employment of tanks and the secrecy |
of the manceuvre was aided by a pieve |]
of good fortune in the storm which |
The tanks hap-
to be charging up with petrol}
of the thunder
were able to go

when the noise
loudest and they
their way unheard

As regards the cavalry, they have
come into their own. In other words}
they are fighting on horseback for al-
most the first time since the early evel
of the
presented

was!
on)

and
as they rode eastward

war, the they

aiong !

spectacle

| the valleys debouching from the forest |

was a sight for sore eyes

One body of them {s reported to have |
been seen by our airmen at 2 o'clock;
fighting in the streets of a village
far beyond our ortginal front, and
lines laid down in last night's
munique, that I refrain from
its name, although | believe that
communiques will prove that my
formation {is correct

But without going fur afield, the
gains certainly realized were good
enough, On the French right everything
went [ike clockwork Ry $$ o'clock
Torey, Bussaires, Courchamps and Licy
Farm all had been takgn. Two counter
attacks by German reserves, one from
northeast and one from east of the vil-

ro
the
come
giving
later
in-

80

luges, had been repulsed
Many Villages Are Taken,
Further toward the Oureq the French

everywhere met the same success, and }
without mentioning any more names nu-}
It ig enough
to say that along the whole front there
was a solid advance averaging at least |
two or three miles in depth,

North of the Oureq, in Gen Mangin's |
sector, the French troops showed the!
game dash and gallantry, and the same |
eatisfactory progress was made. In the
neighborhood of Soissons the plateaus |
southwest of Chaudun, overlooking the |
town, have been occupled, and’ also the |
Montagne de Paris and Bergy
the latter by cavalry,

It is obvious that this great coup de |
main has materially changed the situa-
tion and must have a seriously depress-
ing effect upon the Germans. On _ the
French it has had the effeet of cham-
Even
sausage balloons overlooking the
line seem to have a different
They had moved forward instead

le Sec, |

the

look,

of back, and in my fancy there was an

expression of triumph in their pose, but
perhaps that was because I felt that
they were on the winning side.

In the attack at dawn yesterday the
men leaped forward from the trenches
the instant their barrage began to fal
in front of them and met little oppoai-
tion, the Germans evidently thinking the
noise made by the allied guns was mere-
ly @ conitnuation of the thunderstorm

Tam not attempting to say how many prisoners were captured along
the whole front, as we, of course, could not see them all, but if they came
those

back as numerously from other

three days to question the prisoners,

After visiting many of our headquarters staffs I went through several |
,of the advance, which in this southern ; of the little towns and villages that were captured in the advance.
| sector was the quickest

parts
sections IT saw the total bag will aggregate many thousands,
}afficers connected with our intelligence department told me it would require

of the did in

One of

line as they

the

roundly |

 

SE a See

|AMERIGAN ADVANCE

“| IDEALLY ORGANIZED

Attack Moves Perfectly
Along Thierry-Soissons
Battle Line.

IS REENFORCED

All

ENEMY

Troops From North Trying to
Save German Com-

munications.

By the Associated Press

WITH THE AMERICAN ARMY Hetweew
THE AISNE AND THE MARNE, July
The Franco-American troops made (an
advance late this afternoon on the
Soissons-Chatéau Thierry front, averag.
ing about two kilometers (about a mile
and a quarter). Vicious German ma.
chine gun fire southwest
hampered the advance for only a short
period.

In the same section the Germans at.
tempted to use tanks against the Amer?

| foans, but a hot fire soon compelled the
|tanks to retreat.

The advance began with a barrage
opening at 6:30 o'clock. ‘Tanks were
sent In by the Allies to assist the in-
fantry and machine gunners, and the
Germans endeavored to stem the tide
with a heavy shell fire.

Attack Well Organized.

The advance was one of the best or.
ganized the Allies ever attempted, the
system working wonderfully well from
one end of the line to the other. The
machine gun defence of the Germans
was feeble and was quickly silenced, the
Germans faliing back upon their rear
defences.

Southwest of Soissons the Germans
repeatedly attempted to reach the Allies’
big guns. The German firing continued
until long after dark, but the French
and American guns responded in kind
and gave fall protection to the allied
forces as they advanced along the line
Several towns were captured.

Heavy reenforcements were rushed up
from the north by the German com-
mand in a desperate effort to head off
the hard fighting Allies, whose rapid
advance would, if continued, sever the
German lines of communication,

14 —

of Soissons

  

Still South of Marne,
forces

Germans

There are still strong German
south of the, Marne.

In the ootrs of the night the Amer-
cans took several villages and eariy this
morning they made further progres
The Americans continue to hold the
plateau southwest of Soissons, where the

 

Germans made thelr first organized
counter attack yesterday. This attack
soon broke down, however, as soo as

the American artillery got into actio;

This was one of the fiercest struggles
in connection with the Franco-American
offensive, The battle raged southwest
of Soissons for some time, It result
in the Germans falling back finally un-
der the rain of the heavy gunfire of the
Americans

Germans Fled Before Attack,

One of the villages taken by the
Americans last night was Vierzy, six
miles south of Solssons. Villages to the
north and south of this also were taken

in the carrying out of this plan to
straighten the entire line on the
Soissons-Chateau Thierry front.

No. resistance was encountered at
Vierzy or in the neighboring villages
taken

At two villages on the southern por-
tion of the Tine the hands of the clocks
had been stopped by shell fire at 4°15
o'clock, indicating the time the Ailes
had started their bombardment on
Thursday morning.

One of the greatest surprises for the
Amerteans in the opening of the offen
sive was the flight 6f the Germans he
fore the attack. The Americans, many
of whom were going into action for the
j first time, were prepared fully for a stiff
fight, and as the hours went on with-
E a German counter blow they began

>

to wonder when the enemy would re
tullate

Among the slightly wounded men fn
the American dressing station was one
lad who left a Chicago school to join the
This youth had been wounded in

’

army.

Many {the leg soon after the start of the at-
of the houses had been well stocked with various supplies, chiefly with

tack, and his chief worry geemed to be

beer, {t seemed, us though the Germans had expected to remain there a | that his comrades who had gene on

|; cousiderable time.

Some of the American

stories we have heard to the effect

that he yells Kamerad at the first opportunity.

Germans they encouatered fought

wounded to whom I talked emphatically deny

that the German will not fight and
These men told me
until there was no more ummunition

would fear he had been killed

AMERICAN FIGHTING

’| WINS FRENCH PRAISE

for their machine guns or until the French and Americans were at their

throats with bayonets.
“T wish,”

suid one wounded doughboy, “that some of those whe think

the Boche won't tight would come over here and try it themseives.’’

We added that there were cowards among the Germans as among
all other races, but it would be unfair to our soldiers to belittle men who |
had been tn battles four years and who, in addition to a willingness to |
fight, Possessed an expert knowledge of fighting. A Major who stood near

nodded approval.

A study of the terrain shows that
Widened in preparation for the attack, thus revealing the painstaking exre
with which the allied high command worked out plans for the offensive. |

 

 

 

  
  
 

i King Alfonso tas brought reprteves to.

elght Belgians condemned to death by a

German court at Brussels. This an-
nouncement is made by the Foreign
Office.

new roads were built) and

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Zep. -iim Falle in Viames,

in flames at the German frontier
Datheim on Monday evening, the Rot
(lerdameche Couran announces to-day,

 

others

AMSTERDAM, July 19.--A Zeppelin fell
near

And This Before Marne-
| Aisne Attack Began.

 

Associated Press

ARMY IN FRANCE
nightfall «
the battle east a:
feeling of confide:

allied lines After erg!

assault along lines of his ow
‘selection the enemy's offensive see:

Ry the
} WHITH THE AMERICAN

‘

IS (delayed) With

jeu
the fourth day of
west of Rhe
j pervades the

hours of

ms 4@

   

 

  

 

 

So far all German counter attacks have been easily beaten off aud the] nas failed. He is still behind the
Kreat battle continues in our favor. itives set for the first day's
—— ~—-—- —-—- ——----- - ~- — | Furthermore, his gains during the ¢ .
¥ a “i in furious fashio ali sperations were considerably
we ttetnge.” "ewe 200" * GERMANS DISGUISED | han tore ct any ot hi tres
Too much hope should not be butit !sives during the present yea
upon toe fact that our men nave made a IN FRENCH UNIFORMS | While the American force e
good initial advance, as it is known that | pec ; the presentsbattle is small or
the enemy's forward positions have been | Attempts to Deceive Amer-| *'') the tot allied streng:!
held but lightly. Jt remains a fact, how- | . . }said tint it is greater than
ever, that our attack was over a large | tcans in Champagne. 14 ne in a battle an t
front, und that) front protects the - F | ind the conduct of the me
enemy s flank, giving it an importance WABHINGTON, July 19. Gien Per-'the commendation of t I
which we may be certain the German | shing’s report for yesterday confirms! have performed the
higher command would net undervalue. | press statements of the ainamall tl em with steadiness coura
Attacks ‘Self-supporting.” | Of yesterday's attacks between the ‘Aluhall Ms Magia apts eu by t
It will be recalled that the allied ioeay , @94 the Marne by combined American | real fighting Reports f ‘
attacks between the Marne and the; %Md French forces, The despateh fol-! lines indieate a great
Aisne almost “went off themselves” dur. | OWS: Q Warfare, some spontane
ing June and the early part of July, a | Amer ‘an troope, cooperating with } tions being undertake
fact which may be attributed to the cir- the French in an attack on the en- | iMminary barrage nd
cumstance that the enemy was very busy | ®&™Y'S8 positions between the Aisne | of this character that ¢
preparing his Marne offensive and the Marne, penetrated his Unes to | have won the
Lew oe the -nem> was Riged elwe- | & depth of several miles, capturing The tone of t 4
where a whole series of French counter many prisoners and gune and likewis f
attacks were cacried out between the Gen, Pershing's supplementary report attacks be tw
; Marne and the Aisne, apparently with | detailing earlier operations reads fected t A
only slight oppos.ti The attacks On the nignt of July 15 to 16 a with high
Were invariably suc 1, setting back platoon of our troops operating east of | the great en wivie
the German line an uppreciable distance, Kheiims was attacked by a raiding | believed not o t
A few days ago 1 was talking to a party of twenty-one Gerniaiis Our ] ec 1 at
French General who bad been most men went over the top to meet them a c +
intimately connected with these French und Killed the entire party with the The American trai
attacks, and he remarked that they were bayonet without loss to themselves Hane unio? the Hoanitalmar
carried by their own weight One of our regiments in this Mane y ety aay ind om a
If such tactics were successful on a region reports that a party of Cier- epee en SRR RHA at
small scale there was no reason to mans with Frenely helmets and coats bulances and trucks filled
Suppose they wouldn't work out equally | attempted to penetrate one of our ints a omit th ee
well on « larger plan, «4 view that evi- trenches The leader suceseded in } re . 7 . eee
dently has been accepted by the French | approaching our machine gunner, | dee paetl aurea meee
General Staff. | posted at this point, saying that he | wee twine me LE OeR ee
At any rate the new allied offensive was French. When within a short djs- ey S ‘ teat ARS fe
ie bound to interfere seriously with the | tance of the gun, the German threw a | VUstHBe they forced to
German drive on the Marne. The Ger-! grenade which wounded our gunner, | 2oUns f German prisoners
MAD Caps inane are in a precarious | ‘The vunner's teammate neized the sun CAELAS 50°558 Tene
porition, with only a narrow strip of; turned it on the Germ; Sa RA — nee
territory, and that under 4 constant and them to flight. i PEM R Msi UE | PRUSSIANS BAR LICHNOWSK x
harassing fire from French and Armeri- Another of our regiments in the
can guns e locality reports that an office, n Amboaesador Whe Binined Gernuins
}t certainly would put the Ger- Frerch helmet and cout approached ar
mans in a awkward position if they Gunes BUMPAT akanae er nem is ’ | for War Is Ourted by Loves
were forced to move back to the north | bringing back a datachme: tne Fre; hy AMBTERDAM. July 19 |
bank of the Marne--a situation that! from further front and requoste j Ne j towsky, German Ariba
is not at ull unlikely, muurd not to fire Whe Ast oe ler at the onthroil thay ax
er re roved to be Germ Vrene! J. | disclosures attributing respec
King Alfonwo Saves §& Belgians. ee ee mang in ¥rench hel | Germany for the bringing: on of t)
Mapriv, July  19.—Intervention by | er ENED flict brought him Into distavor

Nas been permanently exeluded
membership in the
Lords, according
Nachrichten

> A minority voted for temporary ca

sion.

Hour f
Duens:

Prussian
to the

 

 

 

\

a tile acl ie