oe emnceeaematne

;
|
|

Tecate aR casa

 
 
 
  
   
   
  
  
   
  
 
   
  

+44

 

14

GOT ALLEGED $1,000
SHIFT OF SON FREE

Mark Natkiel at O’Neil Trial
Shows His First Name's
All Wrong.

MITCHELL IS ACQUITTED

—

Lieutenant Not Conclusively
Linked With Others’ Oper-
ations, Judge Rules.

 

 

 

 

In the first place, the “M’ in M. Nat-
kiel’s name stands for Mark.

In the second place, M. Natkiel’s boy
Joe had been inducted into that branch
of the military service which gets pos!
tively the first crack at all honors of
war, to wit, the infantry.

In the third place, there came to be
placed at M. Natkiel's disposal certain
mysterious influences through which it
was promised that Joe, could he be per-
ruaded to sacrifice the thrills of first
line combat, might be accommodated

with congenial yet martial employment
at the rear.

In the fourth place, and this cannot
be too thoroughly appreciated, the “M”
in M. Natkiel’s name stands for Mark.

Has to Give Up His Rifle.

Certain understandings were reached
between M. Natkiel and his powerful
friends and certain arrangements were
made, Time passed,.and a day arrived
when Private J. Natkiel was forcibly
dispossessed of his rifle and bayonet (or
would have been if he hadn't had the
good sense to know that orders were or-
ders and no use kicking) and set to
work behind the wheel of a snorting sup-
ply truck.

This all may be catalogued as in the
fifth place. When M. Natkiel reached
the, sixth place’ in the narrative, which
was yesterday, he sat down tn it. Sixth
place was the. witness chair in Judge
Manton's court room in the Federal
Building, where Frank 8. O'Neill, former
State Boxing Commissioner; Samuel
Reichback, O'Neil's alleged “runner,”
and. Lieuts. Oswald L. Simpson and
Leonard L. Mitchell of the Quartermas-
ter Corps, were on trial for conspiracy
to defeat the draft.

M. Natkiel cleared his throat and
raised his voice when Judge Manton's
clerk failed to catch his full name. He
spelled it out, sweeping the row of de-
fendants with a glance in which there
wes satisfaction, certainly, and a glint
of some emotion not so easily defined.

“Mark!"' he was forced to say again
“M-A-R-K!"

Here M. Natkiel's left eyelid fluttered
ever so slightly, and in a flagh the nature
of the second emotion was revealed. It
was triumph.

“Reichback,”’ began Natkiel, “I know
for seven years. One Sunday night he
came to my houee and pretty soon ‘he
asks me why I look go blue. I tell him
Joe has been drafted and put in the in-
fantry, and he says I should ought to
get the boy fixed up. ‘What do you
mean fixed up? I ask, and he says:
‘Why, fixed up in the Q. M. Corps. 1
think I got a friend of mine that could

 

do something.’ By and by he says:
‘Well, do you want it done?’
“Sure I wanted jit done, but I tell

Reichback it wouldn't be worth so much
as a new hat to me, He laughs and
next day he rings me up and says he
spoke to that party and I should be
down to meet him outside the Breslin
Hotel.

Cole Whispers to Mrs, Natkiel.

“Il met Reichback outside the hotel
and he introduces to me a man by name
Mr. Cole. My wife was along and her
and Cole whispered a while. Cole comes
up to the house and-him and Mrs, Nat-
kiel talks some more. I didn’t hear all
this, but when Cole is through he speaks
to me and his voice is shaking.

“*Natkiel,) he says, ‘I'm going to do
something for that boy of yours,’ he
favs. ‘It's going out of my way,’ he
goes on, ‘but your wife is a nice woman
and !t ain't fair she should worry about
the kid. The infantry,’ he says, ‘ain't
no place for a boy with a mommer like
that. And besides, he winds up,
*Reichback's an old friend of mine and
he has been begging like anything I
Should go the jimit in this case.’”

George Curtis, prosecuting for the
Government, interrupted Natkiel
briefly to ask if he knew what his wife
had said to Cole, who is asserted to be
Edward H. Cole, a sporting man, who
has evaded arrest. Again there was that
flutter of M. Natkiel’s left eyelid.

“Nope,” said he. “Mrs. Natkiel done
all the talking.”

“Well, after that Cole comes to the
house quite often. Then he gets to
vringing up on the ‘phone. Firet he
Says, ‘Everything's working all right for
that kid of yours,’ to me. After that
he talks to my wife.

“One day Reichback had me go down
to Mr. O'Neil’s office that I should have
a talk. Mr. O'Neil just shakes hands
and says ‘Hello,’ and walks out into
another room. Reichback says, ‘Whatya
know to-day, Mark?

“‘Oh, I says, ‘I know a good horse.’
Pretty soon I had to hurry away, I told
Reichback,

“Next day it's this Mr. Cole and
he's on the ‘phone. He wanted to know
if I heard Joe was transferred to be a

quartermaster. ‘Sure,’ I tell him. ‘Joe
was in from a funeral last night and
brought the news. Much obliged.’
Tells Him Shift Cost 81,000.
“Mr. Cole he hems around a little
and then he says:
“Do you know we had to lay out!

$1,000 for you?’”

The witness paused, apparently con-
centrating on an effort to control an
eyelld which once more was perceptibly
giving trouble.

“Well, and what did you say to that,
Mr. Natkiel?” Curtis wanted to know.

“What IL said?’ repeated M. Nat-
kiel, surrendering unconditionally to the
eyelid. “I says, ‘Well, that’s hard luck’

“‘Hey, do you know you got the com.
bination up in the afr over this?’ Mr.
Cole says.

“*What combination?’ I ask him. |

“"The gang,’ he says, ‘They're look- |
ing to. me I should make good the thou- !
sand,’ , |

“It was too bad, I says, but. did he re-}
member any promise I would pay him
anything?”

“And did you ever pay anything to
anybody for Joe's transfer?’ asked the
prosecutor.

“Not £0 much," answered Mr. Natkiel,
harking back to the phrase he had used
earlier, ‘as a new hat.”

Under cross-examination by Martin
W. Littleton, Natkiel added that Reich-
back had told him O'Nejl had influence
and was “a very big man.” He had
been introduced to O'Neil, he said, as
“the Commissioner.”

After one more witness had been
heard the Government rested. This!
was Jennie Honig, whose brother |

Abe paid $800 to get Phil Honig, an-!
other brother, off the road to the firing
line, The girl testified that O'Neil had
Visited Abe's store and promised he
“could turn the trick,” but needed $400
in additiqn to the $400 already paid.
Other * witnesses included Harry
Schwartz, who testified he had paid
$1,666 to O'Neil and that subsequently
his brother Hermann had been trans-
ferred, to the casual (not casualty)
jst; iilip Honig, who said O'Neil had

 

taken note that Honig's foét had once
been injured whem tho two talked over
prospect of a shift to the Quarter~
master Cofps, remarking the note was
for his (O'Neil's) protection; Catherine
Walgerning, a telephone operator at the
Breslin, who told of arrangements for

jconferences between Reichback, O'Neil

and the Honigs over her switchboard ;
Hanne Latner, who said he had paid
$1,000 to O'Neill to “do something” for

his son Isadore, and Private Joe
Natkiel.
Natkiel, son of Mark, said he had

been made aware while in the “307th
Infantry at~Camp Upton that influences
were at work in his behalf when Lieut.
Mitchell invited him to try for a trans-
fer into the Lieutenant's motor fruck
company. Natkiel's application was
O. K.’a by his Captain, but was turned
down by the Colonel of the 307th, who
said he wanted to keep skilled: me-
chaniés in the regiment. Later it went
through.

Motions for the dismissal of the in-
dictments were made by counsel for the
defendants when in midafternoon the
Government rested. None was granted,
but on the plea of George Gordon
Battle that Lieut. Mitchell had not been
conclusively linked with the operations
of the others Judge Manton directed
that Mitchell be acquitted.

Court adjourned over-the week end
after the motions had been disposed of,
with an agreement tacitly reached be-
tween counsel that the defence would in-
troduce no witnesses, but would permit
the remaining oases to stand or fall on
the Government's showing. To-morrow
probably will see the end of the trial.

LAST GLORY OF
BOWERY PASSES

“Little Stock Exchange,”
Haunt of Fakers, Is_—
.Glosed.

 

 

 

It {s all over now. They can change
the name of the Bowery and have it
their own way. The last stand of the
underworld -hag been made and has
ended by succumbing to the work or
fight law. The “‘little’ stock exchange”
at Bowery and Bayard streets, went out
of business yesterday at 4 P. M. and wiil
be closed, except for some few weary
hangers on in the oid faking game, for
the period of the war.

The “little stock exchange” has been
the resort, a quarter century or more,
for the street beggars, the bunco men,
the light fingered gentry, the town's

broken down fiddlers, and the scrubby
brokers who will sell real diamonds
over their stuffy counters for $1 up. The
section {s probably better known to up-
Staters who come to get a sight of low
life, than to the natives, but in its day
it has been a novel resort, though a
risky place to patronize if one values
the contents of his purse.

Home of the Dollar Sait

Behind the dirty panes of dirtier
shops more suits of clothes have been
sold at the little exchange for 50 cents
and $1 than,in any other spot In the
country. The clothes were patched, but
suited the needs of the trade, because
the trade in business hours donned the
castoffs, and went uptown with crutches
or smoked glasses to lure sympathetic
pennies into their tin cups. More artful
patching was done to supply those who
were not in the alms business,

It was in this district that the police
early began their round up under the
work or fight regulations, and two
weeks of it has practically depopulated
the quarter. The disposition of the up-
town public to patronize smoked glasses
that pass for blindness or the cripple
whose off leg is tied to his back hag also
dwindled, and most of the Bowery-Bay-
ard colony has decided definitely on
retirement or has surrendered to the
horrors of toll. ;

“Dan the Fiddler,” a long haired Irish-
man, known up town by a sign that
reads “Signor Puccini,” by popular re-
port both deaf and dumb, signalized his
retirement yesterday by pawning his
ancient violin and haggling away his
big black wig for 50 cents. Man and
boy, Dan has been a familiar figure
year in and year out at the exchange, in
back rooms of Coney Island cafes and
in back roome in the lurid-Forties. His
repertoire was chiefly Irish reels, ‘The
Last Rose of Summer" and a weird se-
lection that he squeaked out as Italian
opera.

Gets 815 for $5 Strad.

Dan's withdrawal from the old haunt
was celebrated by a wonderful bit of
trade at a pawn shop. He paseed off
the weather beaten violin as a Stradl-
various for $15, and later confessed that
{t wasn't worth $5. He was rather an-
noyed that he could get only 50 cents
for his wig

Back rooms on tle Bowery are now
practically deserted. “One Legged
Loule” has untied his hidden leg, and
was marched off to jail, to work or fight.
Dago Joe has parted from his hand or-
gan that Invariably played “Sweet
Marie,’ and yesterday Kotn Dalmas,
legal adviser of the exchange, who bor-
rowed hia surname from a lawyer of
proniinence, was busy advising, for the
price of a cigar or no fee at all, what
constitutes a legal occupation. Dago Joe
insisted long that playing in cafe back
rooms was a necessary occupation, but
Kohn said no, and Joe sold the terrible
instrument of torture,

In the scattering of the clan no one
noticed the passing of a character of
long standing, “Tennyson of the Bow-
ery.’ feported to be a graduate of an
English university, whose poetic im-
provisations kept him alive at the ex-

pense of slummers for many years. He
disappeared several days ago.
The most astonisting fact, reported

yesterday, was that those of the ragged
colony who hadn't gone to work, were
reeking out the Municipal Lodging
House on Twenty-third street for the
first time in ttetr Ives and demanding
not only a bed but a hath, clean clothes
and a thorough fumigation.

ARMY HATS SHODDY;
JAIL FOR OFFICIALS

--————.

Passed Poor Grade
of Felt.

Peter J. Duffy and Arthur ©, Gilson,
hat inspectors in the army Quartermas-
ter Department, were sentenced to serve
terms of eighteen months in Atlanta
penitentiary yesterday, by Judge Martin
T. Manton in the Federal District Court,
They were convicted of neglect in' per-
mitting inferlor fur felt to be ‘used in
the manufacture of soldiers’ hats,

The Peekskill Hat’ Manufacturing
Company and the H, D, Parmalee Com-
pany of Newark were fined $7,500 each
by Judge Manton, after pleas of guilty
to collecting the contract price for infe.
rior hats, had been entered for them.

Inspectors

 

| The fines were paid,

The two companies received contracts
for 1,000,000 hats. It was an emer-
gency order, and the testimony showed
that an Inferior grade of fur felt was
substituted after the grade demanded
by the contract had been exhausted.

The substitution was ordered by John
J. Slattery, superintendent of both facto-
ries. He was indic with Duffy and
Gilson, but died in uary.

 

en  ———————————E————————————————————— eee

ee a
2 TA _

|

|

 

 

JURY DBADLOGKED
IN O'LEARY’S TRIAL

Judge Hand Charges Relation-
‘ship of Brothers Is Not to
Be Considered.

 

4

FELDER ASSAILS LYONS

 

 

Jeremiah O'Leary Pleads Not
Guilty to Two Superseding
Indictments.

 

After eix hours of deliberatibn the
jury in the case of John J. O'Leary iIn-

formed Judge Augustus N. Hand at 10
o'clock last night trat it was hope-
leasly deadlocked. Judge Hand sent the
jury back for further discussion. He
told the jurors that they should go over
the evidence in the case step by atep
again and endeavor to reach an agree-
ment.

The jury retired at 3:12 o'clock In the
afternoon and took a recess of an four
for dinner. Six hours {s comparatively
a brief period for a jury in the Federal
District Court to consider a case. The
fact that the jurors became convinced
in that time that they would be unable
to agree was accepted ae indicating that
tre differences of opinion as to whether
John O'Leary aided his brother, Jere-
miah, in a conspiracy to obstruct justice
was so pronounced that an eventual
agreement is unlikely.

After Ear! B, Barnes, Assistant United
States Attorney, and Thomas B. Felder,
counsel for O'Leary, closed their cases
yesterday Judge Hand charged the jury
teat’ the fact that the defendant was
accused of aiding a brother should not
be atlowed to influence the verdict. It
would make a “laughing stock of all
justice” if a man who was gullty of
aiding another to become a _ fugitive
from justice should be permitted to go
free for any reason, declared the court.

Hits Family Feeling Current.

This instruction of the court hit at
a feeling that has been current through-
out the trial and was even more notice-
able at the preceding mistrial. One of
the issues raised by Mr. Felder In a
motion to dismiss the case was that tt
was not corrupt for one brother to help
another under the circumstances.

At 10:45 o'clock the jury asked for
the record of the testimony of the Rev.
Patrick J. O'Donnell and a copy of the
indictment. Father O'Donnell, rector of
the Church of St. Francis de Sales, in
East Ninety-sixth street, gave testi-
mony in absolute contradiction to that
of Arthur Lyons, the Government wit-
ness, who declared that Jeremiah
O'Leary was in a highly nervous cond!-
tion on the night before he fled from
New York.

The indictment was attacked fre-
quently during the trial on the ground
that one of the two overt acts it alleged,
the giving of a power of attorney by
Jeremiah to John, occurred at a time
when the alleged conspiracy to obstruct
justice had not come into existence on
the testimony of the Government's own
witnesses. Judge Hand charged that the
matter was one of fact to be decided by
the jury.

At 11:45 o'clock the jurors were taken
to an uptown hotel by deputy marshals
to spend the night. They will resume
their deliberations at 9 o'clock this
morning.

Mach “Bull” Evidence Ruled Out.

Judge Hand inatructed the jury to
disregard the mass of testimony relating
to John’s association with Jeremiah in
Bull and other political activities ex-
cept as it tended to indicate a state of
mind that might have led the defendant
to assist his brother in the alleged con-
spiracy to obstruct justice.

The court charged that testimony re-
lating to Jeremiah's association with
Karl Rodriger and Mme. Marie de Vic-
torica, alleged Geman sples, should be
considered only as providing a possi-
ble motive for the alleged conspiracy to

obstruct justice.. The two Germans
were arrested a week before Jeremaih
fled and were indicted with him while

he wags in the Weet on charges of con-
spiring to commit treason.

The court declared that he permitted
both sides great latitude in the presenta-
tion of their cases because he felt that
this was wise in a case which had ex-
cited a large measure of public interest.

In summing up for the defence Mr.
Felder attacked Arthur Lyons, a former
employee of Jeremiah, who accompanied
him to the West and returned to be
arrested and become the principal wit-
ness for the Government. Lyons testi-
fled that John was active in aiding Jere-
miah to leave New York. Mr. Felder
declared that Lyons had purchased the
freedom of his wife, who was a Grand
Jury witness, and himself at the expense
of his Honor.

“Lyons was not a party to the Mar-
tine campaign,” said Mr. Felder. “He
was not the president of the Irish bazaar
nor a prominent lawyer.
ify no one to have convicted him, so he
was given immunity because the prose-
cution was out after bigger game."

Mr. Felder charged that John had
been persecuted because his name was
O'Leary. He asserted that the Govern-
ment had attempted to inject false issueg
into the case.

Refers to Mme. Victorica.

“You heard. many references to Mme.
Victorica,” said the lawyer. “Day after
day that blond German woman was
paraded into court and the supposition

was that she was to be placed on the|

stand, Then we heard that she was in
the hospital with measles cr cholera or
what not What we do know is that
she was not placed on the stand."

In summing up for the Government,

Mr. Barnes declared that while Ameri- |

can soldiers are fighting in France it
is neceasary for Americans at home to
guard against enemies at the rear, He
added that he would leave oratory to
Mr. Felder and confine himself to an-
alyzing the evidence. He said that the
Government's case had the story of
Lyons as its foundation, and if the
jurors helleved John's story that he
left his brother more than three hours
before the departure of the train that
took Jeremiah and Lyons to St Louis
on May 7 the verdict should ba one of
acquittal.

Mr. Ruarnes deciared that in the event
of a disagreement he would not place

Jehn on trial again. The trial began
June 8 It was preceded by a mis-
trial, caused by the discovery that a

juror was under indictment in another
case.
Jeremiah O'Leary pleaded not guilty

yesterday to two superseding indict-
ments. One of these superseded ‘he
original Bull indictment charging him

and others with conspiring to violate a
section of thé esplonage law. This su-
perseding indictment was handed up on
May 7, the day Jeremiah left New
York. The codefendants, Luther 8.
Bedford and Adolph Stern, pleaded not
guilty to It.

The other superseding indictment
accused Jeremiah and John O'Leary
and Arthur Lyone of conspiring to ob-
struct justice. This is the indictment
on which John has been on trial.

Masictan-Soldier Heat Victim.

George Dawson, Hotel Manhattan, a
music teacher, was prostrated by heat
vesterday in front of 20 Pearl street on
his way to the office of the British Con-
sul, He had been in the British army
and was on leave of absence bepause
of shock, :

 

 

Tt would grat- |

SATURDAY, JULY 20, 1918. !
FFT EEE

“THE SUN,

——

 

 

TWO HOBOKEN FERR
ARE TO BE AMERICANIZED

Hamburg and Bremen Will Become the Chatham and|
Maplewood as Soon as Commissioner of
Navigation Consents to Change.

 

 

which could not be overcome immedi-
ately. The Hoboken vigilantes, misin-
terpreting the cause of the delay, met
again Thursday night and adopted the
following resolutions: ~

“Whereas the Hoboken branch of the
American Defence Society has on many
previous occasions called the attention
of the officials of the Delaware, Lacka-
wanna and Western Ferry Company to
the fact that two of their vessels, the
Bremen and tie Hamburg, bear German
names ;

“Whereas the said company has had
ample time to take whatever legal steps
that might have been required to bring
about the change; therefore be it

“Resolved, That the Hoboken branch
of the American Defence Society at @
regular session held Thursday, July 18/
1918, at the City Hall, Hoboken, hereby
records its belief that the officials of
the said “Delaware, Lackawanna and
Western Ferry Company have appar-
ently no intention of taking any steps
to prove their patriotism to the people
of this community; and be it further

“Resowed, That a delegation of five
members of this organization wait upon
the officials of the company and obtain
from them a direct negative or affima-
tive answer to the request that the Ger-
man names on the Hamburg and
Bremen be forthwith removed.”

. Until recently a traveller stranded on
Hoboken's waterfront experienced some
difficulty in reaching his destination and
usually wound up by asking his way to
the American Consulate.

All that is changed now, however, for
while Gen. Pershing and his British and |
French colleagues have been pounding
away at the German line in France

Richard Buckley, chairman of the Ho-
boken branch of the American Defence
Society, has been waging a brave fight
against German nomenclature at home
and has succeeded in removing many
of the Teutonic blemishes from the other-
wise patriotic complexion 6f¢the mile
square city.

To begin with, Mr. Buckley—"Indomi-
table Dick,’ as he is known to his fel-
low townsmen—induced all the German
dentists !n Hoboken to paint oat the
word “zahnartst” on their signs and to
substitute therefor the plain English
equivalent. ~ Then he transformed the
various “barblerstubes” into regular
American barber shops or tonsortal par-
lors and with another wave of the pat-
riotic wand changed the name of the
Deutsche House, a River street hotel, to
the American House.

‘“Warstgeschaft’ Americanized. |

Next the Hofbrau House and other
German hosteiries within a_ stone's |
throw of the transport plers on River
street ylelded to the pressure brought to |
bear by Mr, Buckley and changed their |
names. Then Indomitable Dick paid a |
flying visit to the proprietor of the
“Wurstgéschaft” on Washington street
and persuaded the latter to reclassify
himself as a dealer in sausage and pork
products.

Having done all this to eradicate the
erroneous impression that Hoboken was
an extension of Wilhelmstrasse or a
misplaced segment of Germany Mr.
Buckley suddenly came face to face with
the painful realization that hundreds of
patriotic Hobokenites were travelling to
and from their places of business in
Manhattan on two Lackawanna ferry-
| boats called the Hamburg and the
Bremen.

For a second Mr.~Buckley was stunned

New Name Plates Painted.

A delegation of five, headed by Judg?
Raymond J. Tiffany, was duly ap-
pointed to remonstrate with the ferry
officials and steps were taken! to ar-
range for a conference with Capt. John
R. Emery, superintendent of the Lack-
awanna’s marine division. Capt. Emery
informed the delegation over the tele-
phone yesterday that it need not waste
its time coming around to his office, in-
asmuch as the company already had de-
termined upon renaming the two sedi-
tious ferryboats the Chatham and the
Maplewood. The new name plates, he
said, had been painted and would be
attached to the pilot houses of the ferry-
boats as soon as the Commissjoner of
Navigation at Washington had given
his consent.

“The company,” said Capt. Emery,
“is anxious to meet the wishes of the

patriotic public, but we have got to re-
by the discovery. Then he gritted his | ceive the consent of the Commissioner
; teeth, slammed down the roll top of his of Navigation. Without that we will
{desk in the Water Registrar's office and | not be able to do anything.”

hastily called together his little band “And so,” sald Mr. Buckley in con-
of serious minded patriots, who drew up , cluding a summary of the case in his
|® petition calling upon the Delaware, | office in the Hoboken City Hall yester-
Lackawanna and Western Ferry Com-| day, “the 100 per cent. Americans who
pany to rechristen the two boats. | ride on the boats will have to stifle their

The ferry company officials were only | outraged feelings until next Tuesday,
too willing to comply with this request, when definite word is to be received
but encountered a few legal obstacles , from Washington.”

ee en ena seamen SS

 

 

 

 

ASKS U.$.T0 TAKE SOLDIERS WARNED
BIG GARBAGE PLANT BY MASONIG HEADS

City Wants Government to|Scottish Rite Not Affiliated
|
Operate Staten IsJand Nuis- | With Cerneau Body—Grand
ance and End Odors. | Jury Investigating.

 

 

 

The fight of the residents of Rich- |
mond against the continuance of the
existing garbage reduction plant on

Officials of the Ancient and Accepted
| Scottish Rite announced yesterday at
;the Masonic Hallethat any American
Staten Island will be carried to Wash- | soldier wishing to Join the Cerneau body
ington next week. lof Freemasons was within his right in
| At an executive seesion of the Board | doing so, but added that he would be
[of Estimate yesterday Mayor Hylan ap-| unwise to become’ affiliated with that
pointed a committee, consisting of him- | organization under the impression that

self as chairman; Contptroller Craig, jit was recognized by regular members
Street Cleaning Commissioner McStay, | of the order.

Dr. Royai 8. Copeland, Health Commis-; The Cerneau body. which was the re-

sioner, and Corporation Counsel Burr to! suit of Masonic dissension ‘many years

go to Washington to attempt to induce | ago, was tke subject yesterday of tele-

the Federal authorities to take over the | graphic inquiry by Capt. Donohue, U. S.

plant and remodel it so that the objec-| A., at Camp Gettysburg, Pa., who seni a
tlonable features will be removed. | spesange % Rohert J. Menwarthy, secre-
; ¥ itary of the Grand Lodge of New York
3 f the Mayor to present | ‘ .
It Is the idea of th ve a i inquiring about the standing of the Cer-
the case in such a way to the authorities | neau body,
in Washinfton that they may be con-| Large numbers of soldiers on their
strained to take over the plant as an | way to New York were sald to have re-
essential war industry, install such im-,Ce!ved offers of memberstip at reduced
‘rates, the degrees to be conferred on a
provements as may be necessary to meet) cass of several hundred upon their ar-
the local demands, and at the same time | riyay in the city to-day. Mr. Kenworthy
Leer ae Honor of an embarrassing | 14 once got in touch with John Lloyd
i* ? ; ! Thomas, a member s Coun-
| The committee which will go to Wash- | cil and horenee Sommanter to Gets “and

ington will see the Secretary of War,; . ;
| che Shipping Board, the War Industries | Wire was sent to Capt. Donohue ad-

‘vising him to inform his men that the
| Board and probably other officials. The |‘! .
[committer Will declare hat the tetra: [Commend rand of Manner cree, To
j ty-P. ts Company, the com- . y r .
jnotitan By-Products Compan: so “In seme jurisdictions,’ said Mr. Ken-

| , operating the Staten Island plant, |
Ran’ detauiten’ in the matter of tte bon wortty, “membership in a Cerneau body
‘tract with the city, and that the city is; @Utomatically vitlates degrees given by
about to cancel the contract. (all other bodies. It seems too bad for
| .It will urge at the same time that the these soldiers to join under any mis-
Government take over the plant and, apprehension of the facts.”
‘make such alterations as are necessary Walter W. Griffith, Commander in
ito meet the demands’ of the Staten Isl- Chief of the Scottish Rite for the Valley
landers. Corporation Counsel Burr ad- | of New York, said: ; ;
i vised the board yesterday that the Fei-: “There Is but one legitimate body of
eral «Government was recetving larze age sr tee Ap rage Regt mite
| ro 2 by- 3 ny d meets in the Ma-
| quantities of glycerine and other by Ende Sibi, tw wedsting ef tht tds to
now beng held. This is the only organi-!

| products from the Staten Island plant;
Q 1 varb: New

that from each ton of garbage from New atin. pecognised.by the Scottish Rite|

Masons of France or by the Mystic

York city streets there was extracted
{Shrine of the United States or any

enough glycerine for ten 3 inch sheils
‘other legitimate body with Masonic af-

 

 

a

 

 

and at the same time provide enough
| fertilizer to raise ten bushels of wheat

 

 

' filliations.”
c de mbe
P Api og mat eet ue tee ao Mr. Kenworthy said reports had
et ie icea eeuin ay 30.000 anibvaed reached the Masonic Hall and the Dis-}
WROKS ; Baus  [triet Attorney's . t s Ma-!
woikers making their homes !n_ the us , y's oMfce that spurious Ma

‘fonic lodges were conferring alleged de-

 

 

. ity ¢ 4 tj cae
vicinity of the plant, and bebe ul " th ‘grees upon soldiers and accepting their
allowed to cont nue operation ander) nioney, Asa result te said that he and
oresent conditions the health of these

Mr. Thomas had gone before the Grand
|Jury and had told what they knew of
the matter. There was, he sald, a possi-
‘bility of indictments being presented.

men might be seriously menaced.

The committee that goes to Washing-
{ton will remind the Government officials
;of a request from David Lloyd George,
| the British Premier, that consideration
; be given to industries that provide oils
| and greases as by-products.
| The Richmond county Grand Jury re-
| turned an indictment -vesterday against

Frederick Jeffries superfntendent of the
; Staten Island garbage diypogal plant, for |
improper operation, and will be in session |

 

|
PAPER LICENSE CASE AnovEn,|

Grants by Englewood Mayor Un-

 

constitational, Is Allegation.

 

Argument in certiorari proceedings
were begun yesterday in the New Jersey

arain to-day, It was reported that) Supreme Court to have an ordinance of
other indictments will be returned, with | the sity of Englewood set aside as un-
a possibility that city officials will he | constitutional on the ground that it re- |
named for failure to enforce the san-) quires newsdealers to obtain licenses

{itary law.
Staten Islanders were prepared yes-

|
|
os gives the Mayor power to exercise
terday to celebrate the closing of the |
1
|
|
|
|

censorship of the press. The complaints
arose over the alleged refusal of Mayor |
Blake to issue lHicenses to newsdealers |
who handled the New York American,
and the New York Journal.

Louis D, Master of Flushing was fined
| $25 in police court by Magistrate, Con-
way for erecting a sign In front of his
| omce which read, “I do not read the
Hearst papers.’ He was charged with!

causing ‘a crowd to collect,

plant upon the convening of the Grand
{ Jury The jurors went to City Hall
| Wednesday and obtained from Mayor
| Hylan a promise that the Metropolitan

By-Products Comnany either would be
ordered to abate the nulsance now ex-
‘isting or the contract would be revoked.
When the Grand Jury met at 11 o'clock
no word had come from the Mayor that

e matter had been attended to, and it
was learned that the Board of Estimate
in secret session had considered the mat-
ter and reserved decision.

Indignation is now at white heat, and |
it was said from the Grand’ Jury room |
that the jurors are prepared to go out |
in boats to-day and prevent the delivery |
of more refuse at the plant.

DIVORCE COURT FOR PRISON,

Second Rabbinical Session Will Be}

i
Held at Sing Sing. !

|
For the second time in the history of,

Sing Sing prison a_ rabbinical divorce |

saat caigstandeten l'ah ;

Boy Killed by Motorist, Who Flees | u" Sil ict ipete he Sane. eee |
Sam Berman, 8, of 1650 Bathgate| sent up from New York county for big-

avenue, The Bronx, was killed by an;amy. His second wife has now asked |

automobile yesterday the Rey. Jacob Katz, the Jewish ehup- |

 

 

while playing in}
the street in front of 1601 Bathgate | lain of the prison, for a divorce in the,
avenue, The chauffeur did not stop,! Jewish faith. In consequence, the court,

but the police have the number of his| consisting of three rappbis, will sit there
car, and take testimony.

oe —— -- iC

TOO MUCH SUGAR} SEE POSSIBLE DOOM

 

Page & Shaw Must Close All
Stores One Week for
Violation.

 

BROOKLYN FIRM ALSO

 

Confectioners’ Supply Was
More Than Sufficient for
a Month.

 

Page & Shaw, candy manufacturers,
were ordered yesterday by the Federal
Food Board to close their factory and
five stores in this city for one week be-
ginning Wednesday, July 24, as @
penalty for having on hand an unlaw-
ful amount of sugar. One month's sup-
ply !s afl that is allowed. This action
followed the Food Administration's ap-
proval of the findings of Arthur Wil-
Iams, Federal Food Administrator for
this city, who sat as special commis-
sionér, when the Government's case was
presented by Charles P. Robinson, coun-
sel to the board.

The me corporation has been or-
dered to post a sign in its stores setting
forth that it had violated the rules of
the Food Administration but promised
full obedience in the future, together
with an agreement to hold its surplus
stock of sugar in excess of a thirty
days supply subject to the order of the
Government. ‘The concern will be al-
lowed to dispose of any stock which
might spoil during the closed period.

Previously Penalized in Boston.
The Federal Food Board authorized
the following statement in regard to the
case: cs

“Page & Shaw, Inc., is a Massachu-

setts corporation with a factory and five
stores in New York city. It reported
through its New York manager that it
had on hand 20,250 pounds of sugar. It
used during January, February, March
and April, according to a report sworn
to by its manager, 25,000 pounds of
sugar. Its average monthly uge, there-
fore, was 8,333 pounds. It was allowed
during May and June to use 80 per
cent. of the amount it used during the
first four months of this year, and un-
der the present sugar regulations {s
limited to 50 per cent. of the average of
these four months after July 1. Thé
amount of sugar the corporation has on
hand {s therefore more than a four
months supply, based upon its 50 pér
cent. allowance.

“The Board learned that Page & Shaw
had a large quantity of sugar on hand
in Boston two months ago, and that the
Food Administrator of Massachusetts
took away the surplus stock and warned
them that a severer‘penalty would be
imposed upon their next offence.”

Another Candy Company Disobeys.

The Consolidated Confectionery Com-
pany, 80 Union avenue, Brooklyn, will
have to close its factory Monday and
Tuesday next (July 22 and 23) as the
result of a Federal Food Board order for
having on hand approximately 32,000
pounds of sugar in excess of its lawful
amount. The excess sugar the board
ordered held at the disposition of the
Government.

.It was charged that the company had
sugar stocks January 1, 1918, amount-
ing to 32,800 pounds, and since that
time its records showed it had received
88.890 pounds, making a total of 121,690
pounds, and had used 69,900 pounds the
firat four months of the year.

It developed at the hearing that:al-
though the company was incorporated
November f, 1917, individuals making
up the corporation had done business
the preceding October. Under the reg-
ulations if the company war incorpo-
rated previous to November 1, 1917, it
was entitled to use during, May
June of this year 80 per cent. of its
monthly average during the first four
months of 1918. If it began business
after November 1, however, it could uso
only 40 per cent. of its average during
these four months.

The board decided that the company
has on hand between four and five
months supply of sugar, provided it was
entitled to an 80 per cent. allowance,
and between two and three months sup-
ply on a 50 per cent. allowance.

IMPORTER FOUND DEAD.

Belleve William Ollendorff Fell or
Jumped From Window.
William Ollendorf, 241 West 108th
street, a linen and underwear importer,
was found dead yesterday in the rear
courtyard behind his home. The polic@

faid that he either jumped or fell from
the bathroom window of his apartment.

Ollendorf was born in Germany, but
came to America when quite young. He
was well known in financial circles, in-
terested in a number of charitable insti-
tutions and identified with athletic and
motoring interests.

Relatives and friends scouted the idea
of ‘suicide and said that Mr. Ollendorf
must have been seized with illness and
fallen from the window, as he had made
business plans requiring future atten-
tion.

BISHOP HAYES GOES SOON.

Will Start for France After Con-
vention Here August 6 and 7,

It was announced last night by the
Knights of Columbus Committee on War
Work ®Mctivities that - Mer. Patrick
J. Hayes, Auxillary Bishop of New York
and Bishop Ordinary of the United
States Forces with supervision over the
Knights of Columbus chaplains, wilt sail
for France immediately § after’ the
Knights of Columbus victory convention
in New York August 6 and 7,

Knights of Columbus and other Cath-! tlon companies urging a modification of | of these
olic chaplains have been going abroad! existing franchises

in large numbers in the last few weeks,
so that now they are
along the American fighting front as

well as in French cities where American |

soldiers are found in numbers.

HELPS FIND “LOST” SOLDIERS.

Many Already Appealing to K. of
C, to Lecate Boys in Service.

The lost soldier department estab-
lHshed by the Knights of Columbus Com-
mittee on War Activities’ is a proved
success, and already thousands of par-

ents, brothers, sisters anil sweethearts | employment and that the people will suf- |

have availed themselves of Its services,
As developed by the knights, this ser-
vice will, it is expected, almost elimi-
nate the lost soldier problem,

That it will go far toward accomplish.

 

 

}

|
|

 

 

Army May Draw Dry Zone:
Around Headquarters of =|
Military Police.

 

ON COURT HOUSE SITE

Ban Would Be From River. to
River, Maiden Lane to
Walker Street.

 

 

Rumsellers of lower Manhattan were
yesterday in a state of dismal cogita-
tion. Barkeeps dropped their profes- |
sional amiability as one discards a/|
soiled jacket. Veteran tipplers took -
Joy in their 5 o'clock cocktail. From
Maiden lane to Wilker street and from
river to river synthetic gayety resolved |
itself into synthetic gloom. |

This melancholy, so startling in the
vesper frivolity of the district, was bred
of a rumor (it comes to little more as;
yet) that a dead line Is .o be established |
n the district indicated; a dead line|
upon which north, east, south or west,
the demon rum will encroach at his
peril. Prove the rumor true, no less
than 500 of his habitats, from the
grimy, squalid, hole in the wall resorts
where men gather in thirst to the abodes
of gilt, plate glass and oil paintings,
will be closed by order of Government.
In all of the busy district with its sur-

 

YBOATS ‘CANDY MAKERS HAD |600 SALOONS HERE |The Sun Calendar

 

THE WEATHER.

Eastern New York—Fair and some.
what warmer to-day and to-morrow:
gentle to moderate, shifting winds, '

For New Jersey, fair to-day
morrow; warmer in the interior;
moderate winds, mostly southeast

For northern New England, fair to.g
and to-mor tow: ttle change in tempers
ure; gentle to moderate win: >
southeast. nds. mostiy
For southern New England,
and to-morrow; warmer on “mae
gentle to moderate winds. nee

For western New York, fair and
warmer to-day; fair to-morrow,

 

and to,
Gentle ry

slighty

—_—

WASHINGTON, July 19.—Pressure 5
risen generally, though siight!y Gneane
in the Plains States and the Rocky Mo: r
tain region, but showers continued tn
Maryland southward through Florida an
in the east Guif States. There way
other precipitation of consequence td

There will be showers in the #outh
Atlantic States Saturday, continuyin
Sunday in the Florida Peninsula. Bint
where east of the Mississipp! River in,
weather will be generally fair Saturdg
and Sunday,

It will be somewhat

 

  
   

’ warmer in th
Ohio Valley, the lower lake region en
the interior of the middie Atlantic State,
LOCAL WEATHER REPortTS
8 A.M. $P
Barometer 29.88 29 &
Humidity ...... 77 Mu
Wind—direction 8, E. 8
Wind—veidvity 5 W
Weather ...... -Cloudy Cloudy
Precipitation ........... None None

The temperature in this city verterday
as recorded. by the officta! thermometee ts

      

shown in the annexed table:

A. M.. 70 12. 3... 80 6PM... %
PAN. FEM OT Pe
10 A. 3 $2, Mm. 8PM.
as 3 4P.M. oP, ML. 98
12 M.. ® &P.Mu 10 PM. ft

1918. 1917. 1918. 1917
VA. M... 74 74 6PM 7 4
59 Mivayss 18 7A OP i. 28 3
3P.M... 77 76 «12 Mid 70 1

Highest temperature, $2, at 2:15 Pw.

Lowest temperature, 69, at'3 A, M

Average temperature, 76.

Observations yesterday at United States

Weather Bureau stations showing atmoe
pheric conditions in the various cities:

 

 

“ ld, Temperature Veloc
face and subterranean oases there wou High.Low. Wind. ity. Rain Wither
in that event, be not one, single alco- pilamic City.. is 70 ee +. 02 PrClay

. astport...... | at W. 6 om Ra
holic refectory. A man might walk a] poydomes: te ge ow Gas
mile without being able to tickle his|Jacksonville... 9 76 8 16.18 Cloudy
* hicago....... $2 68 S.E. 13) .02 Clear
cesophagug with ball or fizz. Consider,| § Louis... 9 68 N. .. Clear
therefore, the -perturbation of Wet | Rinmeppens... 3 8 4 . Cloudy
tradesmen and wet patrons. Denver......... 86 38 ON. : Clear
Chien + % 62 NE. 10 Cleer
e res 6

250 Army Cops on the Way. [Norfolke 0) 4 gO TS Be,

The rumor ‘springs from the conver-
sion by the War Department of the old
court house site, bounded by Pearl, Bax- |
ter, Centre, Worth and L@nard streets,
into a military camp for the use of a
provost marshal and squad. On June 7
the United States Government, by ar-;
Tangement with the city authorities, |
took over the $12,000,000 site, now a
bare expanse familiar to downtown!
travellers under the shadows of the Mu-}
nicipal Bullding, the Hall of Records!
and the Tombs. Already the job of rais-
ing barracks for the accommodation of |
these military police, who are to guar-
antee the good behavior of soldiers in|
New York, detect deserters and other-
wise by military effort complement the
duties of the civil police, is weil forward.
Barracks are going up—big, plain pine
shelters which are designed
and house some hundreds of men. As
the plans are now understood the pro-
vost marai.al,
and a force of 250 men will therein be
quartered. -

To proponents of the lively demon the
news is distracting, disturbing and dis-
maying. They heard yesterday of the!
existence of a regulation which, rigidly |
enforced, would put out of business every |
saloon and liquor selling agency within
a half mile of any military camp, The
Federal Attorney calls attention, in fact, |
to the President's proclamation se |
ing the selective service act of May 18,
1917.. The President directed that:

“Around every military camp at which
officers and enlisted men, not less than
two hundred and fifty in number, have |
been or shall be stationed for more than
thirty consecutive days, there shall be
for the purposes set forth in this regula-
tion a zone five miles wide, except that
within the existing limits of an incor-
porated city or town, within which the
sale of alcoholic liquor shall not be pro-
hibited by the State or local law, the
zone shall not include any territory more |
than one-half mile from the meas

|

 

 

 

 

boundary of such camp.’

Ray of Hope Is Given. |
The reading of that proclamation sug- |
the War Department, ut will, can close |

every saloon within a half mile in any;
direction from the irregular site bounu- |

ed by Pearl, Baxter, Centre, Leonard |
and Worth streets. On the north the}
prohibition would run at tTeast to

Walker street, possibly even to Grand.
On the south {t would reach to Maiden}
lane at least And east and west it:
would go from river to river. There are |
no less than 500 thriving saloons in this |
district. |

State and city authorities await word '
from) Washington as to the policy to be!
followed. At the office of the State Ex- |
cise Commission it was said that nothing |
would be done without Instructions from i
the War Department. If the War De-.
partment should rule that the Provost !
Marshal's headquarters on the court |
house site is a military camp tn the
meaning of the President's proclamation
and should request the State of New |
York to shut up the saloons every saloon |
would be padlocked in short*order. |

There was a suggéstion, however, that
the War Department, for excellent rea- |
sons, might hold that the Provost Mar- |
shal's headquarters need not be consid-
ered as a military camp, and would con-
fine its severity to a strict policing of |
the district, permitting the saloons to do |
business '

Until word does come from Washine- |
ton the persons purveying alcohol in |
lower Manhattan will be troubled by a |
new mghtmare, accompanied by loss of |
appetite aml mental dyspepsia

Bae |

B. R. T. EMPLOYEES
URGE HIGHER FARES'

Ask Franchise Changes to|
Get Wages Raised. |

 

Mayor Hylan came into conflict again
yesterday with his bete noir, the B. R, T,,
when the Board of Estimate at its last
meeting before adjournment for the sum- {

mer considered a number of communi- ;
eations from employees of various trae- |

in order
charge an

that the
companies might increased
crease of pay to thelr employees.

W. J. N. Brady, representing the em-
ployees of the BK. R. T., appeared before
the board and told Mayor Hylan that
the request of his fellow workers for
more money had been held up on the
ground that thé B. R. T. could Jo noth-
ing until {ts application for permission
to charge the additional fare had been
acted upon by the Board of Kstimate.

“We understand that the board will.
adjourn to-day until September 27 and I
am afraid that the employees of the |
B. R. T. will leave their cars, seox other

fer,” Mr. Brady told the Mayor.

The Mayor asked Mr, Brady whether
he favored a seven cent fare instead of |
a five cent one, and reminded him that!
the city might yet have to pay several!

Ing this appears assured, if relatives of | million dollars as a result of the dual!

soldiers will, learn

name of the regimental chaplain, the

x. of C,
where he is ‘stationed,
‘Then if the fighting man grows lax in

secretary located nearest to; the

from the boys the! subway contracts entered into by pre- !

| vious city administrations.
K. of C. chaplain, and if possible, the ,

“Is that our fault?" the spokesman of,
B. R. T. employees demanded,
whereupon the Mayor dropped the aupb- |
ject and informed Mr. Brady that the |

his letter writing he can be quickly and| committee on franchises of the board

effectively traced if a ietter is directed
by relatives to the chaplain or K. of
C, secretary who is interested in the boy,

would hold a: meeting very soon and that
the B. R. T. @mployees might send a
representative.

to office |
!

| racy the abasement of a princes

; issued a

MINIATURE ALMANAC.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey
Standard Time.

Sun rises.....5:41A M Sun sets...
Moon sets 2:23AM

HIGH WATER THiS DAY.

Sandy Hook...5:22 AM Gov. Island. $:6AY
Hell Gate 1AM

LOW WATER THIS DAY

Sandy Hook..11;41 AM Gov. Island..12.9 4AM
Hell Gate ......2:32A M

Note—The foregoing table has been oo
rected to conform to the new “artificial time”

S2PM

 
  

EVENTS TO-DAY.

 

Federation of Civic Organization meet-
ing, Hotel McAlpin, 2 P. M.

Opening of sallors’ and soldiers’ canteer,
Clty Hall Park; 2.P. M.

 

 

soanirice ts ot HANDS OFF POLICY

ON COTTON BY VU. §.

Government Control or Price
Fixing Unlikely at
Present.

 

 

Spectal Despatch to Tar Scy.

WASHINGTON, July 19.—A_ general
hands off policy on the cotton situa-
tion has been practically decided upon
by all cotton Interests and Government
officials who were appealed to by oo-
ton interests which had a three sided
fight on among themselves, with each
side represented by a big delegation a
Washington.

The entire question of Government
control of raw cotton as well as of co'-
ton products or price fixing all down
the line from raw cotton to all finishes
manufactures was laid before the Pres)-

ana! kests to rumsters of all varieties thatiq@ent by Chairman Lever of the House

Committee on Agriculture at a long
conference at the White House to-day
The President was deeply interested in
the situation, which threatened to become
a national issue. Mr. Lever went over
all its phases with him, but so far as
could be learned recommended no def'-
nite action but rather a policy of avotc-
ing Government interference and pe
mitting the situation to adjust itself
This course has the approval of (@
rival cotton interests. They practica
agreed on it following long conference#
among themselves, with Chairman Lever
and with various executives, inoluding
the Secretary of Agriculture. The man-
ufacturers who wanted price fixing, t's
big planters and bankers who wante)
Government control with a Government
purchasing organization to absorb the

 
  

| surplus crop, and the small planters "5°

opposed any governmental action that
would threaten present cotton prices

‘have practically composed their differ

ences.

They have assurances of the fullest
possible Government aid. The S)ipp!'
Board is to make ships or cars
available for eotton export wh
sible. The Federal Reserve bo
to continue the most liberal poss’!
icy on acceptances of cotton +
ald in financing equation and th
partment of Agriculture and the ©!
men are to cooperate tn an effor'
bring more of the warehouses
Government control, which is expr
to bring a maximum of acce 6
ton paper

This course was suggested an!

 

favored

 

by Chairman Lever. As a result there §
no present prospect of either ®
ment control or price fixing raw
cotton. ‘

THIS PRINCE A MACHINIST,

Arrives

 

Charles Leo of Abyssinia
in Steerage to Drive Rivets
In making the world safe f
Atlant

does

his arrival
or Jamaica
nation tu

at any old
Bay port.

its fathomless dey'!

Vibrationless pronee

here yesterday in the steerage 0) 4 >

ish steamship. Ele admit '

 

stationed all! fare and 89 be enabled to grant an in- {done much walking since the ¢

Abyssinia, but he frowned wh: wa
suggested that he might be « he

a Foot Prince on the
He says he is Prinee “ha
Abyssinia and that he wa }
ago in the Abyssinian-Itala ‘
which his two brothers, also |
were killed,

There was no meal ticket in
the daughters of Atmericun
refusing to ally themselves wit!
European nobility, and the I'r as
forced to learn a trade to earn 4 ns
He apprenticed himself to a */ :
machinist and learned the ar!
ing in the making of steel shir
here to offer his services to Unie am
to assist in downjng autocra

Band ¢

Mining Engineers to Meet tn

The American Institute of Min ¢!
gineers, 29 West Thirty-nint! re
Statement yesterday >
that some 7,000 members of |
“in an effort toa increase the
their war service.” would
week of September 2 in Colorad
ing engineers from all parts of the
try wig attend the meeting en
Penrose is chairman of the c« ’
in charge of the arrangemen's,

 

  

 

ent