AS ALLIES SWEEP ON:

Three Sides of the Marne
Salient Yield to Simul-
taneous Attacks.

 

ENEMY LOSSES GIGANTIC}

Besides the Thousands Cap-
tured Dead Strew Fields
They Abandon.

Special! Cable Despatch to Tur Sun from the
London Times.
Copyright, 1918; all righta reserved.
Parts, July 19.—The correspondent of
the Echo de Paris who returned this

morning from Gen. Gourad's front safS

the impression he received was in every
way encouraging. He adds:
“We watched the brilliant counter at-

 

|

|
|

 

tacks yesterday of our victorious troops!
who are advancing and retaking ground |

upon which the Boche has left hig dead

and debris of every description, guns, | papers, while paying unstinted tribute to |
I have seen | the military genius of Gen. Foch in|
terror stricken prisoners who expressed | waiting patiently and then seizing tle|

immense surprise over the attacks of our | psychological
troops. The Germans were advancing | counter

tanks, machine guns, &c.

in mass formation and their batteries

were in battle position when our ma-

 

 

lbetween the Aisne and the Marne the!

GERMAN TANKS LOST |

Petit Journal says:

“An advance was realized on the en-
tire forty-five kilometer front of the at-
tack of between five and ten kilometer,
Between the Aisne and the Ourcq the ad-
vance of three kilometers by Gen. Man-
gin's army, reported in yesterday's of-
ficial statement, was completed within
one hour,

“South of the Oureq the attack was
launched at 5:30 o'clock by the troops
of Gens. Degoitte and Stirre. After des-
Perate fighting, in which the Americans
on our right acquitted themselves glori-
ously, our front was advanced between
three and four kilometers.”

The question for Gen. Ludendorft now
is not whether to enter Epernay, says
the Matin, but to consider means for the
salvation of the divisions he has thrown
across the Marne.

LONDON EXULTS AT
DASH OF AMERICANS

Newspapers Devote Large
Headlines to Their Brill-
iant Offensive.

 

 

 

Special Cable Despatch to Tat Scv.
Copyright, 1918; ali rights reserved.
Lonpon, July 19.—The London news-

moment to launch
attack, and recognizing the un-

jimpaired and dashing bravery of the

chine guns cut them down by thousands. | French poilu, make a feature of the

Some of these prisoners accuse their
leaders of having misled them; others
suggest treason.

“The losses on the French side were
relatively small, thanks to the careful
tactics of Gen. Gouraud. The losses of
the Germans were gigantic, several di-
visions having been decimated.

* On Gen, Mangin’s Front.

“Last night, mainly in the neighbor-
hood of Oulchy-le-Chateau, the enemy,
thoroughly alarmed by the day's events,
drew in his reserves and made violent
attacks against the newly won French
positions. Here and there the enemy
made some impression on the French
advanced lines, but the gains achieved
stre merely temporary; the French,
aided excellently by Hght fleld artillery
and machine guns, still held this morn-
ing the ground they had won.”

Liberte gives incidents of Gen. Man-
gin’s advance. It says: “West of Sois-
sons one of our regiments charged the
enemy with the bayonet, their colors fly-
ing, the men singing the Champs du
Depart. East of Dommiers a mixed reg-
iment of Zouaves and Tirailleurs swept
the German positions and captured 1,500

jPointment of a generalissimo about a'tine and no sea running when ttetr ship

participation of the American troops in
their first big drive against the enemy.
Here are some of the headlines in the
evening papers:

“Americans to the Fore—Over the Top
With a Yell,” “America in 1t—Fierce
Fighting Witt the Bayonet,” “Ameri-
cans’ Rapid Sweep—Enemy Unable to
Get Airplanes Away.”

The Evening Star says editorially:
“There is little doubt that Gen. Luden-
dorff erred fatally in underestimating
the quantity and quality of the Ameri-

can divisions and of the American bat- |

talions brigaded with the Frenct.. He
made the same mistake that Moltke
made at the first battle of the Marne;
he despised the Americans as Moltke
despised the Britist.; the new ‘con-
temptibles” have made him pay as
dearly as the old contemptibles made
made Moltke and Von Kluck pay.”

The Evening News says: “The suc-
cessful counter attack by Gen. Foch
brings home the benefits of a central-
ized command. One almost weeps to
trink of the opposition to Premier Lioyd
George when he first advocated the ap-

year ago. The French always were in

prisoners. They went right through a/|favor of a supreme general and the in-

column of reenforcements coming to the

aid of the enemy and without a mo-jlished the central command.
ment's check reached Chaudun, having !ures and casualties
penetrated the German defences eight| been avoided if this principle had been| worth mentioning all morning, and that

kilometers (nearly five miles). One rea-
son for the lack of details is that on
the Chateau Thierry-Soissons front the
French infantry advanced so rapidly
that communication between the fring
line and the various headquarters be-
came slow and difficult.”

Advances on Marne Front.

French troops along the Marne at
Chateau Thierry and Epernay also were
active. They cleared the enemy out of
Montvoisin and pushed the Germans
vack as far as Oeullly, which yesterday
sull was in enemy hands, North of
the Marne the French succeeded in giv-
ing more air to Rheims and its protect-
ing Montagne. Attacking with vigor be-
‘ween Pourcy and La Poterne, they

pushed their line a kilometer out into! but
This action clears | killed by

the German positions.

|

| Ship Carpathia, west bound, was tor- |
| Pedoed and sunk off the Irish coast on |

|

| day.

dorsement of President Wilson estab-
Tre fail-

that would have

adopted earlier must be left to the his-
torian after the war.”

CARPATHIA SUNK BY
U-BOAT OFF IRELAND

Five of Crew Killed; Passen-
gers Are Saved.

 

 

 

Lonpon, July 19.—The British steam-

Wednesday’ it was announced here to- |
the passengers were saved, |

Aii
five members
the

of the crew were
explosion of a_ torpedo.

what may be regarded as the eastern | phere were 215 survivors.

focthill of the Montagne de Rheims.

Tn the northern extremity of the wood |

near Rheims, in the vicinity of Bouilly, ‘ pathia and all hit.

the Italian troops advanced.

creeping advance of the enemy

was destined to bring about the fall of

Rheims and Epernay.

Henri Bidou, the noted military com-
mentator, explains that early
Gen. von
seuth and reached the
teau Thierry. Gen. Foch tmmediately
prepared to give him a biow on

in June
Boehm attacked toward the
Marne at Cha-

ils

right and Von Boehm, sensing that this
was going to happen, faced aiound to
the west and consolidated his position in

the capture of Chateau
‘Thierry. But Von  Boehm's
stretched between the Aisne and
Marne, was exposed to a flank attack,
which has now been delivered.

Foch’s Strategy Explained.

It was to protect thats Manx of Von
Roehm’s army that Gen. von Hutier,
commanding on the sector adjoining on

the north by

the west, began his offensive on the Oise

with the object of capturing Compiegne
and perhaps’ Villers-Cotterets. Von
Hutier lost the battle, leaving Von
Roehm in his exposed position. Imme-
diately Gen.
preparatory operations, each of which
robbed the enemy of a favorable position
and threw confusion into his divisions.
Bidou notes that such operations are
described in Gen. Foch’s published work

Foch tegan a series of

as a necessary preliminary in a battle

for a decisive attack.
Gen. Foch's preliminary attacks brought
their full fruit when the

Three torpedoes were fired at the Car-|

Splendid discipline

The action | was maintained. The survivors were in!
in this part of the country stopped the |ine water two hours, the E
which | Me y

xchange Tel-
egraph Company says, when picked up
by the steamship which brought them
into port. The Carpathia disappeared

| very quickly.

army, |
the {after the passengers had breakfasted a |

for- |

 

 

No sooner had}

Germans |

sunched their big offensive on July 15.4

The moment was entirely favorable for | tinguished herself by picking up the sur-
the display of the strategic qualities | yivors of the White Star liner Titanic

that have made Foch famous.

MANGIN IS PROUD AS |

HE VIEWS SOISSONS

Clemenceau Calls Him Hap-
piest Man in World.

 

Paris, July 19.—*‘When he saw his
troons last night on the heights dominat-
Ng Soissons on the southwest Gen. Man-
gin smiled," says the correspondent of
La Liberte. “ Premier Clemenceau was
‘here and warmly shook the General's
Was it the presence of Ameri-
| the neighpornood which gave his
ishake especial, strength, evincing
«motion and confidence?”

On his return from the front Premier
Clemenceau sald to his friends:

“I have shaken the hand of the happi-
e*t man in the world.”

Late yesterday the Premier also vis-
ted divisions commanded by Gen.
A violent storm which burst
y before the hour set for their
yesterday morning was favorable
‘othe Allies, Thunder drowned the noise
‘ the shells, while a torrential rain drove
most of the Germans holding the enemy

es into dugouts, where they were sur-
ded before they had learned of the
anco-American advance,

‘views of the fighting in the allied
sner offensive printed by the Paris
"ev spapers to-day lay stress upon the

hand

ans

 

the
Legoutte

‘ABD

 

 

 

|

Some survivors who have been landed

said that the vessel was sunk by a Ger- |

man submarine at about 9:15 o'clock
Wednesday morning. The members of
the crew killed were three firemen and
two trimmers, who were in fhe engine
room when the torpedoes hit that part
of the ship.

Members of the crew said that just

torpedo struck the vessel slightly
ward of the engine room, and a minute
or two later a second torpedo crashed
into the engine room. ‘There was no
panic. The passengers and the surviv-
ing members of the crew got away in
the Bhip’s small boats witbout difficulty.

For a time it appeared as thouch the
Carpathia might remain afloat, but the
U-boat came to the surface and fired a
third torpedo. The liner filled rapidly
and sank about two hours after being
struck by the first torpedo. After her
disappearance the submarine approached
the Carpathia’s boats, but did not fire
on them.

 

KNOWN AS “MERCY SHIP”

 

Carpathia Saved Titanic Surviv-
orsa—First Armed Liner Here.
The Cunarder Carpathia,

after that vessel had been sunk by hit-

ting an iceberg on her maiden trip to- |

ward New York in April, 1912, had been

in the British Admiralty service several |

years. She sailed on her last trip east-
ward early in June with 4,500 American
troops. She had been chased frequently
by submarines and had eluded them by
her speed or frightened
gun fire. She was commanded by Capt
Prothero.

At the office of the Cunard Line it was
said that no track was kept of the Car-
pathia as she was in Government ser-
{vce. A despatch received later indicated
that five of the crew were missing. The
vessel carried no cargo, but a number
of military passengers bound for this
port were aboard. She had been acting
as a transport for American troops for
several months,

Besides being distinguished as the
“mercy ship,"’ a title won by saving and
bringing to this port 866 of the passen-
gers and crew of the luckiless Titanic,

the Carpathia also had the honor of be- |

ing the first merchantman to appear in
American waters armed against the sub-
marines. She was a twin screw of 13,-
603 gross tons, was 540 feet long and
was byllt in Newcastle in 1903.

BRITISH TRANSPORT SUNK.

Several Hucired Troops on Ba-
runga Saved—Sloop Torpedoed,

Lonvon, July 19.—The British trans-
port Barunga has been sunk by a sub-
marine, the Admiralty announced this

 

 

 

reference with the enemy's railway ;afternoon. There were no casualties,
‘munications occasioned by the There was not the slightest sign of
tpeedy allied advance. The livellest | panic when the Barunga was torpedoed,
‘imiration is expressed in competent |The severa! hundred unfit troops aboard
‘les over the feat of arms and every | lined up as {f on parade and were
edit is given the officers who carried |taken off. Aid speedily arrived. The
the attack. transport ‘remgined afloat nearly an

r

“aye to Laon, Chateau Thierry and

 

_. ‘ital Onportance to him.
ne keynote of the German system, and
' Was expected the enemy would throw

"ms and along the Aisne, which are
Soissons is

the heaviest forces in an attempt to

fe " off the present danger.

description of yesterday's action

‘

‘¢ allied gains southwest of Soissons | hour
‘ prevent the enemy from using the;

 

after she was attacked.

The Barunga was a steamer of 7,484
tons gross, built in Flensburg in 1913.
She was 482 feet long, 62 feet beam
and 29 feet depth. She was owned by
the British Government.

A British sloop was sunk by a sub-
marine on Tuesday, says another Ad-
miralty announcement to-day. Twelve
of the crew were the gry survivors,

 

his |

which dis- |

them off by!

THE SUN, SATURDAY, JULY 20, 1918.

 

 

 

<< =

 

 

 

 

\

'
|

|

   

by Enrique Muller.

SANDIEGO SUNK
OFF FIRE ISLAND

wt LONG ISLAND
| nl SOUND

| , :

|

 

Continued from First Page.
hd rumble of it passed over the |
land little attention was paid to it, be- |
cause since the war set in the sound of |
practice firing is heard almost every day |
off the Long Island shores. |

The only information which the Navy |
had at hand until Capt. Christy makes |
his Féport was contained in the following |

| statement issued iast night: °¢

“The Navy Department has received
reports from the Third Naval district
that the U. S. S. San Diego was sunk
ten miles southeast of Fire Island light |

fat 11:30 o'clock this morning. One of-
| ficer and two boat crews were landed
at Life Saving Station No. 82 at Point
|e Woods, Long Island. Other survivors
are in boats and four steamere are
standing by.

“So far as can be ascertained there
appears to have been no loss of life.
The cause of the sinking has not yet

| been determined.”

Navy Department's Statement. |
|

°
FIRE ISLAND
LIGHT SHIP

 

Map of waters where cruiser was sunk.

 

 

 

 

hope that it would make certain the
cause.

Admiral Benson, Chief of Naval Op-
erations, agrees with the officers and of-
ficials here who fail to foresee a re-
newal of the German submarine drive

broken water over the submarine. The
sunner who fired one shot came in the
boat to Point o' Woods, and insisted all
the way that his bolt had gone home.
“I'm sure we got the U-boat," he de-

A tank steamship arrived at Quaran-|clared again. as he came up the beach.

| tine late last night and reported that/“I seen a shot land it beiow the peri-! against American coastal ‘shipping and
she tad 300 men on board, presumably | scope.” who do not believe that U-boats are
survivors from the San Diego. They The officers, were inclined to take his!again near the American coast. It is

will not be landed until this morning.
The officers and men of the warship
lwere fortunate in that the weather was

statement with reservation, saying that
in the smoke that belched from every
side of the ship after her magazine
went up no man could have been sure
of his alm. But the gunner was insist-
ent. ‘
The men brought ashore also a rumor |
that one of the ship's boats had been {|
|
|

pointed out that an American mine
might have become detached from its
moorings and floating with the tide
might have biown up the San Diego.
However, it Is more generally be-
lieved here to-night that a floating mine
turned loose by one of the German
eubmarines when they were on this side
or the Atlantic may have come in con-
tact with the San Diego. The German
submarines weve known to have turned

| went down under them. Fishermen

from Fire Island who visited the scene
‘of the wreck after every man visible
after the sinking had been picked up
‘reported that ttere had bene no wind|sunk by submarine shell fire. This, how- |
ever, they had heard from another boat

ithe sea was almost as smooth as an in-| which hailed them after they had set

{land pond. % their course for the shore. | loose a number of these mines, but all
One of the men came ashone in a_ that have been’ swept up have been
Aviator Goes for Help. gunnysack. He had been ih a buath- | south of the Delaware.

For the aid which was rushed to them| tub when the ship was struck. He
so promptly after the accident to their| Said that he and hundreds of others had
vessel the survivors may thank an avia-|Slid down the vessel's side as she lay
tor from Ythe naval air station at Bay|&t & sharp angle and that others had
Shore, L. I. j;®one overboard through her ports. But

Since the submarine raid on this coast} man had left her until thé definite
late last May the navy has never re- order had been given to abardon ship.
laxed its lookout for more undersea) Formerly the California.
| boats, and the station at Bay ant i :

has supplied the necessary patrol in the anuieed’ ceclaar’ Gatiaeeice neat eae

‘ ; 8
air off that part of the Long Islend/ vite in the Union Iron Works, San

fanO ES: . | Francisco, in 1997

ed oreo Wena Cecardiy itn She was one of seven ships, all laid| miles off. The last report of the Ger-

ae” t tai an Dieeo when he saw down at about the same time, and al-| man submarines which visited here was
eee 5 though the type !s now regarded as ob-| June 11.

her list sharply and knew instantly that | solete for fighting purposes, the vessel Later reports to-night

U-Boats Over 1,400 Miles Away.

The fact that two vessels were de-
stroyed last week in midocean far west
of the areas usually traversed by under-
sea pirates does not shake the belief of
AdrairalBenson and other officers. It was
recalled that while these two vessels
were attacked at an extraordinary dis-
tance west of the so-catfed war zone
nevertheless one ship when it was at-
tacked still was 1,400 miles from the
American shore and the other 1,700

weg

 

 

from Admirat

she was in difficulty. ; and her sister craft have been of great | Usher, commandant of the New York

ris/Dlese DUES to-do) anything fOr service in convoying troops transports | naval district, indicated that survivors
her, he turned his machine shoreward | and on patrol duty. of the cruiser would not reach New
| and flew to Point 0 Woods, where he| she was renamed San Diego after the | York before to-morrow morfing. Ad-

| landed and took possession of the local present dreadnought California was | miral Usher informed the Navy Depart-
telegraph station. Calling the United ‘igunched. She was 502 feet long, 69.6 (ment that he was without information

| States wireless station on Fire Island.) 4, the beam, drew 24 feet § inches and | beyond the facts given out here. It was
; he explained the situation and within aj} explained that the Department was re-

: displaced, with her normal coal supply
few seconds vessels everywhere within in, 18,689 tons. Her engines, of 29,658 |fraining from using the wireless to
the station's range were receiving the gather details for obvious reasons, Con-

< horsepower, gave ler a top speed of 22 |
|S O S signal with a statement of the! Knots, and she was equipped with an|Sequently it would not be until officers
San Diego's position

armored belt six inches through at its; 4nd crew have reached New York that
Some one set going a rumor that the) thickest point, amidships | the Department will have any more in-
, aviator had reported more than a thoue) Her armament consisted of four 8 | formation
sand men struggling in the sea, and] jneh, fourteen 6 inch and eighteen 3 inch| AS soon as word was received by Ad-
scores of fishing and pleasure craft were j rapid fire guns She carried also four; Miral Usher of the sinking, orders were
got ready by their owners and started | three pounders and had two 18 inch tor-| flashed in code to patrol vessels along
for the scene of the sinking. | pedo tubes. She had four funnels, one j the coast to be on the lookoyt for sub-
But well before any of the small craft: standing military mast and one basket | marines, as the Department is taking no

 

 

arrived where the San Diego had been| mast, chances, This word went to all the
seven large ships had reached the scene | | naval districts along the coast as far
and had begun picking up survivors. All Baile at Cost of 85,341,754. jsouth as Norfolk. However, since the
in sexyht were taken aboard immediately, In peace time her complement con-| Visit of the submarines here, the vigi-

 

jand then the rescuing ships began steam- | sisted of forty-nine officers and 487 men.

jing in circles for boats which had start-| She cost $5,341,754 to build and arm

jed for shore or for men swimming in/ and for the first few years of her ca-

j life jackets. ‘ reer was flagship of the Pacific fleet.

;, Among the first ships to come up had When she was flagship of the Pacific
two) feet and on her way from La Paz, Lower

j been two merchant cargo vessels,
| tankers and a naval submarine chaser. | Cajifornia, to Guayamas, Mexico, nine
men ofghe San Diego were killed by a|

| There are only a very few telegraph
| and telephone wires laid from the main-| pojjer Explosion on January 21, 1915
Two of her crew were adjudged guilty

‘land to Fire Island, and because zi
| were taken over at once by the Coast) or negligence by a court of inquiry, | Patrolling between New York and Pofts-
Later, in the same year, the turret crew | Mouth and was about at the end of one

lance has never been relaxed.

There have been rumors of submarines
in the last week or two, but the Navy
Department has failed to substantiate
any of them.

The spot where the San Diego was
| sunk is dfrectly in the transport lane,
and this is regarded as somewhat sig-
nificant.

The San Diego has been utilized for

 

 

| Guard and the officers at the wireless

of the San Diego won the record with! leg or her patrol when she went down.
100 per cent. of hits with eight inch| The fact that the waters about Fire
guns from her forward turret and gath- Island light are constantly patrolled and

| Station for official business no word of
; the accident to the warship reached the
| Long Island main shore for hours. Later,
' when word had spread among the sum-

 

| ered in $2,000 in navy prize money and! steamships are continually passing to
see feasted Eons eee wen ieee ad | the Spokane cup, held the preceding sea-| 4nd fro armed and with lookouts al-
| been s , every P {son by the Arkansas. The victorious} W4a¥9 on the watch for attacks is an-

{ing beach appeared to fill with persons
| who either alleged that they had per-
{sonally seen the vessel go down with
;all on board or who remembered a
|eerles of explosions which had rocked
their neighborhoods during the morning

gunners fired at a rate of more than! Other reason advanced to discredit the
three and one-half shots a gun each min-| theory that a submarine !s responsible
ute for loss of the cruiser Officers sta-

The last heard of submarines on this | tloned here cannot believe that a Ger-
coast up to yesterday was a report ten | Man submarine would take the chance
days ago when the crew of the schooner

 

!
le adilawhicntinikt have hean Ghe Gah of being destroyed in attacking a naval
| Diego's magazine and boilers going up. | Manxman were landed at an Atlantic | vessel in broad daylight in such a posi-
rport. Their vessel was destroyed in| tion.
| Bathers Saw Boats Leaving. the neighborhood of Cape Race in the! San Diego's Loss Not Sertoon.
} : middle of June. There were reports | m .
Many of these people had seen every! after the destruction of the {| The loss of the San Diego is not ser-

Manxman :
urking in i fous from the point of view of naval

effectiveness While is [t only eleven

| boat available set out from the Bay Shore | that submarines were stil!
| hours before. i

javiation training station he northeriy steamship lanes
| Others had been bathing at Fire Island i Ape aM ever eae pe eh RG HORS years since the vessel was commissioned
jand Water Island and had seen the As late as ten days ago the navy | the enormous étrides {in naval construc-
coast guards there run their boats into) yarned all coastwise shipping to Keep | tion since the advent of the San Diego
{the surf and start eastward. But so|, sharp watch for undersea boats and | have relegated it far to the rear as a
‘inured has the Long Island summer advised ship masters to lay their const-| 8¢4 fighter. Modern cruisers could run
| visitor become to the expression and! wise courses as close to shore as safety ) away from cruisers of the San Diego
| impediments of war that no special sig-| woyla permit. The admonition was] class without trouble and some of the
| nificance was attached to the departure | j,eued without an intimation as to what | heavy first line dreadnoughts are faster.
lof the Government boats until after| information might be in the possession The San Diego was capable of only
| everybody knew that the San Diego was | of the Navy Department. twenty-two knots an hour, Her arm-
‘resting on the floor of the sea. ament consisted of a battery of four 8
{ineh guns, with a secondary battery of

| As soon as the San Diego was re-
‘ported over official wires to have met lfourteen @inch guns, Thig armament
| would make it impossible for the ship

¥ pmires to have met GERMAN MINE MAY

with an accident, a host of airplanes le

| Bayshore, Mineola, Rockaway Point and HAVE SUNK SAN DIEG j ev er to have engaged a modern fighting
-—--—_-—- {ship with hope of success, as her bat-

| Sayville. They were despatcted not be-
Washington Discredits Possi- | '¢'ies would be outranged. The vessel

 

‘cause they could be of any assistance to
‘the vessel, but so that If the ship's boats

 

ope was chiefly useful in the patrol auty in
should become scattered by any sudden] bility of U-Boats Off Coast. which it was engaged when she went
|}change in the weather they could indi- — down
' ,
jeate the presence of the boats by Spnle. Special Despatch to Tue Sus j_,This is the fifth actual fighting unit
| Also they would ascertain quickly if a WASHINGTON, July 19.—The armored! of the navy destroyea since America
U-boat were anywhere about, cruiser San Diego, which was sunk to-|entered the war. The destroyer Jacob

At the same time that the aircraft) gay ten miles southeast of Fire Island, |Jones was torpedoed and lost in British

is believed to have been the victim of aj] waters; the Alcedo, a yacht converted

rine oe noe & alearine While defi-|/into a gunboat, was torpedoed off the

nite information which would clear up| French coast when on patr fs

where the San Diego went down. They |the cause of the destruction of the Chauncey, oie eee ae
ranged in size all the way from full! jargest vessel tne nation has yet lost in! was lost in a collision in the dark with

' powered vessels to hand propelled surf/ the war is still lacking, the majority of| a British transport, and the gunboat
boats m@mned by the Coast Guard, naval officers here favor the mine theory.| Schurz was lost in a collision The
As in all disasters which have over- Only positive evidents of U-boats aac was formerly the German gun-

|

j went on thelr quest naval craft of all
|; Sorts were sent from all stations be-
tween this port and thirty miles east of

 

taken ships of the American navy, dis-| jn the vicinity will convince them to the at Gey . ss

| cipline never faltered. “The men who} contrary, and this is totally lacking so beat Sever, talerase in Honolulu heraor
;came ashore at Point 0’ Woods chanted | far, i ae sant! It was a most
‘The Star Spanged Banner" as they News of the sinking of the San Diego] of only 1.400 tons ai, See and was
‘scrambled up the beach, and had the|was flashed to the Department by eet, tee feos ag avement ;
{ship's flag, which they had saved, bent | Admiral Nathaniel R. Usher early this) incwtine the tie cole cther ships,
to a plece of driftwood set in the eyes| afternoon and came with a shock to| nenns ng ie te collier Cyclops. The
of their boat. One of the men had the| Secretary Daniels, who was preparing other vesse at though, have been mine
jleft side of his face cleanly shaved, | to leave for Norfolk with Admiral Ben. |S¥eePers 4nd watrol craft,
while the other side showed a day's) gon. At first the submarine theory was

U. 8. Red Crons Helps ‘Scots,

 

|atubble. He was at his ablutions when | credited, but after conferring with Ad-

\the ship was struck, miral Usher over the telephone and Lonpon, July 19.—The American Red
; «he officers, uncommunicative on] learning that there was absolutely no|Cross has donated anotler $150,000 to
every other score, were outspoken In | evidence of submarines, this was dis-|the Scottish Women's Hospitals in

their praise of their men, and told how! carded in .favor of the mine theory
just before the ship went down two of| The Navy Department was still await-
her guns were let loose at a ripple on ing to-night detailed statements of sur-
the sea, which was imagined to be|vivors regarding the explosion in the

recognition of their very efficient work
at the front in France during the past
two months. The gift will be payable in
three instalments beginning August 1.

 

THEIR AIM REMARKABLE
|
|

 

_—_———— eee ooo

SCOTS AND ANZACS

CAPTURE METEREN

DASH, AIDS VICTORY \surprise Foe in Cellars and

iL 5. ARTILLERY, IN
|

Hurried to

| Three Regiments
Marne in Time to Hold
River Passage.

 

Thousands Held Back by Bar-
rage Keeping Foe From
Boats.

 

Special Cable Despatch to Tne Sc» and the
Public Ledger.
Copyright, 1918; all righta reaerved.

WITH THE AMERICAN ARMY IN FRANCE,
July 19.—Phil Sheridan's famous ride
|hae been rivalled. This time three full
regiments of artillery did the going, and
won their niche in history. In a dash
across France by train and by forced
marches they arrived in time to help de-
feat the Germans at the Marne, who
tried to cross and smother the American
infantry positions.

The last battery of “heavies'’ wheeled
into position at 10 o'clock the night of
July 14, only two hours before the Ger-
mans, en masse, started to cross the
river at Ru Chalily farm, Mont St.
Pera and Mezy, positions our troops were
defending. The <American artillery
threw the balance of gun power to the
Allies, as evidenced by a French report,
; Which says?

“The American artillery fired beauti-
fully. Their\batteries dropped a barrage
within one hundred yards of the. north
bank of the river, preventing many en-
emy units from reaching the boats and
doing effective damage in the German
{rear areas.”

Held Thousands Back.

Official reports establish the fact that
our artillery, aided by machine gun
units, prevented thousands of Germans
from crossing the river. Of 5,000 Ger-
mans who did cross the river, the Amert-
can commander reports: “Our front line
holds the Germans who are here.”

He meant that the five thousand who
got across would never go back, as
more than ftve hundred had been taken
prieoner and the others killed = or
wounded.

Aside from the Germans who crossed
{in boats, some walked across the bridge
at Mont St. Pere. The boats held
eighteen men each.

The units set apart for an attack on
the Americans along an eleven kilometer
front (almost four miles) were com-
manded by a Colonel and comprised the
Sixth Grenadiers from the Tenth divi-
sion; the 398th and Forty-seventh line
regiments; Grenadiers from the Fifth
division and e 175th and 128th line
regiments, and the 101st and 108th regi-
ments from the Twenty-third division.
Only part of the Sixth Grenadiers and
the Forty-seventh Regiment got a foot-
ing on the south bank. The 398th Regi-
ment, mased on the north bank, and pre.
pared to cross, was cut to pleces by the
American artillery, losing two of its
three battalions.

/
Could Not Establish Bridges.

The enemy intended te cross on pon-
toon bridges, but they were unable to
estanlish these bridges in the face of our
fire, the American defenders comprising
four infantry regiments and machine
gn detachments.

When the American artillery arrived
they found maps already prepared, and
it was from these that their fire was dl-
rected, all artillery data and corrections
having been made, by the French before
the Americ?n guns arrived. From Ger-
man prisonere it wal learned that the
German commanders expected to find
only eighteen French guns in the Ameri-
can part of the line, and against these
they had concentrated eighty-four of
their own guns.

When the attack began, however,
Germans found themselves looking into
the muazles of—perhaps It would be just
as well not to give the number; sufficient
it is to say there were plenty. The Ger-
mans, of course, had a big advantage in
much better cover for their artillery.
Jowever, their artillery bombardment,
which was of exceptional violence and
lasted ten hours, never was able to
silence our guns

the

Careful Plans Unsuccessfol,

This fact, further
fact that our artillery was able to reach
the German infantry formations even

coupled with the

them the success of their carefully laid
plans.

The weight of the German attack upon
the Americans west of Mezy fell upon
an infantry unit to the right of our
centre, bending it back to Fossoy on the
west and Crezancy on the east. Only
small parties of Germans got as far
south as these points, and they were
subsequently captured or driven back

Such typically Germgn methods of
warfare as putting their men in Amer!-

can uniform, which they took from small |
parties of American prisoners before the |

attack began, and the use of all kinds
of gas shells, were part of their futile
attempt to turn our flanks,

The bold stand of the Americans on
the extreme right has won the Crotx de
Guerre for every member of the defend-
ing units. In these units only one de-
tachment had seen previous service—a
machine gun detachment which went to
Chateau Thierry a month ago tn the
nick of time to enable the French to
segregate some Germans north of that
town

Barely acquainted with their own
guns these Americans fought like vet-
erans.

acta

BRITISH WORKERS MAY STRIKE

Employees of Munition Plants
Dislike Plan of Distributing Labor.

July 19.—A_ labor
lead to a serious situation
has been begun Coventry and other
jcentres, says an announcement issued
by the Ministry of Munitions to-day. A
Jarge number of Skilled munition work-
ers, it is stated, have handed in strike

LONDON, dispute
which may

in

}
: they reached the river bank, cost

notices, which will take effect next
week,

Cessation of work by these workers
it is added, would stop the production

of some of the most vital and urgently
needed appliances and munitions,

| The Ministry explains that the threat-
| ened strike does not arise out of any dif-
| ference between the employers and the
workmen, but from the action of the
Government in seeing that skilled labor
was divided fairly among the munition
j arms This has brought abowt a great
; deal of misunderstanding. Every effort
jis being made to remove the cause of
; the trouble.

 

 

Navy Department Bays 2 Hotels.

WasHINGTON, July 19.—To relieve a
shortage in housing accommodations for
navy yard workers at Portsmouth, N, H.,
the Department of Labor, as {t was an-
nounced to-day, has purchased and will
operate two hotels and adjoining cot-
tages at Kittery, Maine,

 

To Prosecute War Ministry.

BucHarest* (via) Amsterdam), Ru-
mania, July 19.--The Chamber of Depu-
tles has decided that the Government
teaded by J. J. ©. Bratiano, in office at
the time of Rumania's entry into the
Ye shall be prosecuted.

tl eet he eine de. ai Se i Ait oS RL

ov

Take High Ground.

By the Associated Presa.

With THe British ARMY IN FRANCE,
July 19.—-The German high command
will not be pleased with the news that
the British captured a valuable piece
of ground—Meteren—this morning. It
is but a trifle compared with the big
events on the French front, put in war
trifles count, and Prince Rupprecht at
least will not underestimate the loss of
a position which now gives the British
an observation ground where he might
wish to keep his deings secret.

Scottish troops, .among others, made
the assault which extended south of
Meteren and in front of Merris
formed without the Germans getting a
hint of impending trouble.and moved
forward in full daylight.

It was nearly § o'clock in the morn-
ing and the Germans were down in
cellars, with a false sense of security
after the dawn lookout. The Scots were
on them so rapidly after the barrage
that the enemy was unable to organize
a machine gun defence. and most of
them seemed to have surrendered easily.

The Australians with artillery help,

hich opened ahead of them, pounced
upon the German outposts and in a short

time sent in seventy prisoners to add
to the sixty taken in the ruins of
Meteren.

LABOR PLANS POLICE UNIONS.

Gompers Ia Asked for Federation
Sanction of Scheme.
Ernest Bohm said yesterday that the

 

executive board of the Central Fed-
erated Unton, of which he is corre-
sponding secretary, had sent a letter

to President Gompers and the executive

council of the American Federation of
Labor asking that a plan to untonize
300,000 policemen in the United States
he sanctioned.

Bohm asserted that the policemen,
following the example of the firemen
here and in other cities, were anxious
to adopt the union label. He claimed
for the Central Federated Union of
New' York credit for bringing the "how
York firemen {nto the union ranks. He
said he expected a decision on the police

programme at a meeting of the exec-
utive council of the A. F. of L. on
July 23.

“Committees of central labor unions
throughout the country will draw up
bills for submission to Legislatures
after conferring with the police organ-
izations and learning their grievances,”
said Bohm.

Aside from the salary matter, which
the Board of Estimate partly adjusted
yesterday, and from a few changes in
the very satisfactory three platoon
schedule now in operation, the New
York police have no “grievances.”

JAPANESE “ELDERS”
FAVOR INTERVENTION

Cabinet Members May Resign
—Political Fight Brewing.

Special Cable Despatch to Tue Sus from the
London Timea.
Copyright, 1918; all rights reacrved

Tokio, July 15 (delayed).—After a
four hour conference by the Elder
Statesmen, followed by a special Cab-
inet meeting lasting two hours, the
former determined to carry out a plan
of intervention tn Siberia, says the cor-
respondent of the Asahi. In thie step
they are opposed by Hara and Makino
and the rfesignations of these members
when the diplomatic council meets to-
morrow would not cause much surprise

A keen political conflict is anticipated,
Particularly far the reason that the op-
position takes the attitude that the Gov-
ernment is insincere in its present posi-
tion and that ite present stand is taken
merely as u means’of maintaining itself
in power.

 

 

RED CROSS RIGHT ON THE JOB.

Surgeons, Nurses and Supplies Fol-
low Advancing Army.

July 19.—The American Red
Cross sent yesterday seven tons of sur-
gical dressings and five
diet foods to the
hospitale of the
Red Cross medical Storehouses
and will night and
day during the drive of the French and
Americans

The chief of the medical ‘section ar-
rived from the front rast night and
started back this morning at 3:15 o'clock
with a load of emergency supplies, in-
cluding fifty gallons of alcohol, 2,000
doses of tetanus antitoxin, surgical in-
struments, several gross of surgical
needles, dressings of all kinds and ma-
terials necessary in the operating rooms.

Three hundred and fifty beds, with
American surgeons and nurses, have been
added to the American Red Cross hos-

Paris,

tons of special
principal evacuation
American Army The
officers’

pharmacy operate

pitals at St. Pol for use during the
present offensive. The tent hospital out-
side of Paris has added 390 beds.

MIRBACH PLOTTERS EXECUTED

Thirteen Pat to Death and Many
Others Under Arrest.

AMSTERDAM, July 19.—The
Gazette says that thirteen revolutionary
Socialists implicated in the plot which
culminated in the assissination of
Count von Mirbach, the German Ambas-
sador to Russia, have been executed,

Many others, it adds, are under arrest

BRITISH-GERMAN
DUEL, SAYS CZERNIN

Wants Peace Demands Sent
to a Neutral.

AMSTERDAM, July 19.--Count Czernin,

former Austro-Hungarian Foreign Min-
ister, discussing in the upper house the
recent speech of Dr. von Seydler, the

Austrian Premier, sald: >
“The war is, at bottom, a duel between
Germany and Great Britain. The mo-
ment they can come to an understanding
the world war is at an end, despite the
French and Italian Utopta of conquest

“The Imperial Chancellor, Lloyd
George and our Foreign Minister are
all, according to their declarations, in-
clined to examine peace proposals, but

none of them will make any

“The way out of this dilermnma would
be for each of the two groups of Powers
to communicate their peace proposals
to a neutral Power, which, by comparing
the proposals of both sides, could
an idea whether an agreement was pos-
sible. If only there were the slightest
prospect of an understanding, an at-
tempt should be made."

300 at Jose de Diego's Funeral,

Funeral services for Jose de Diego,
late Speaker of the Porto Rican House
of Delegates, were held last evening in
the Campbell Funeral (hureh The
Rev. Jose Alvarez, Archbishop of the

Porto Rican diocese and for many years
Senor de Diego's close friend, officiated
More than 300 Porto Ricans resident in
New York, together with diplomatic rep-
resentatives of a number of Centra! and
South American Governments, attended
the services.
.

Cologne”

form |

3

+444

 

MARNE CROSSINGS
| UNDER PLANE FIRE

Aircraft Bomb Concentrations
of Germans Behind
Their Lines.

AMERICANS ARE

British Officer Says He Never
Saw a Better Lot of

PRAISED

They |

 

! Soldiers.
Tonpon, July 19.—On both the
Frencii and British fronts in France

the airmen have contributed largely to
the satisfactory situation on the battle
fronts. The night report from French
Headquarters says:

Our airman fn collaboration with
British squadrons continued their
work yesterday along the whole bat-

tle front. Twenty German machines
were brought down or put out of
commission by our pilots, and two

captive balloons were burned. The
British airmen destroyed seven Ger-
man machines.

Our bombing groups continued their
expeditions against the crossings of
‘the Marne. <A_ footbridge west of
Reuil was bombed and demolished.
Cantonments and troop concentrations
at Oulchy le Chateau, in the Vaux-
buin ravine, at Fere-en-Tardenois and
in the rezion of Oeuliiy were attacked
with machine guns or bombs, the
troops being dispersed

Stations Are Bombed.

Stations in the rear
sprinkled with projectiles

areas were
Fires broke

out in the stations .at Amifontaine
and Fismes. Heavy explosions were
observed at Pontavert. Twenty-two
tons of bombs were also utilized in
the day and twenty-one the follow-
ing night.

British squadrons dropped two tons
and a half of explosives with excel-
lent results.

The British official statement dealing
with aerial operations, issued to-night,
says:

On the 18th inspite of very change-
able weather, a good deal of work was

accomplished by our airplanes, both
in reconnaissance, photography and
bombing.

Much of the bombing was done
from a low height, the targets in-
cluding ammunition dumps around
Armentieres and Merioourt, the rail-
Way stations at Kosieres and Bray
and the docks at Bruges and Ostend

Kight hostile machines were brought

down in fights and one other was shot
down by our anti-aircraft fire. Seven
of our machines are missing

During the night our bombing ma-
cines dropped eight tons cof bombs
on the Mons-Valenciennes Railway
and an additional six tons on the rail-
ways at Courtrai, Seclin and Lille.
Two of the machines failed to return
The report from German headquarters
to-day contains this reference to aerial
aotivities ;

Our chasing planes
enemy airplanes

shot down 32

Evidence of Damage.

Striking
caused by
squadrons

evidence
the raid of Rritish
upon the German railway
system at Metz-Sablons is afforded by
an official British photograph published
to-day. This

of the damage

bombing

Pirotograph, taken shortly
after the double raid, July 6 and the
night of July 6-7, from a height of aver
ten thousand feet shows
tall

in minute
important railway
junction at Metz. including the famous
“railway triangle’ at Metz-Sablone
where an immense number of lines cone
verge from the Metz central station and
the south toward the western front
The effects of exceptionally
tive bursts are visible in the
fraph among the engine shed and work-
shops in the centre of the triangte,
the remaing of two trains,
burnt out, can be clearly Thera
also !s evidence of great damage to the
neiwork of ruilway lines
ern arm of the triangle
Since the beginning of June at least

t

de-

the whole of the

destrute

photo.

and
completely
seer

in the

south-

twenty-one raids have been

Metz-Sablons

made upon

Americans Win Praise.

American air squadrons now senate

from the British air fighters. What tha
British air force officers think of these

Americans is illustrated by a letter sent

 

 

tered at numerous points throughout
Great Rritain have won golden opinions
by a major commanding a district In
central England who, shortly after he-
{Ing transferred to a new command,
Wrote to one of the American squadrons
which had previously been under his df
rection:

It is diMcult for me to find words
that effectively express thes complet
satisfaction the work of vow, squad-
ron gave while under my command.
A keener, more willing, bigger hearted
lot of men than those who coniprise
your squadron it will be difficult ta
find.

Their capacity for work is enor.
mous The more ! gave them to do
the more they asked for, and ¢t \
always did it with a willingnes iat
showed they had « i for tha
sheer love of it 1 tlways be
prepared to back them for work, d
elpline and appearance agains ‘
comers My opinion of your squad-
ron is summed up as follow T
should be proud to command them
at the front

| New Type of Plane,

| The newspapers to-day give rome
inence to a4 report of a new type of
| British airplane whi having been
{tested at the front with the greatest
| Success, is about to be employed thera
jin large numbers

| No technica) details are given, but it
is gaid the new machine has mous
| speed and climbing power: It if capable
jof carrying great weight In bombs, ma
; chine guns and other equipment, and
{of attaining a height of 2,000 feet in
jan astonishingly short time

} lt is said the machine can cover toms
| distances at a speed which leaves all
| but the fastest modern scouting ma-
{chines far behind, and thus ts able to
| cross the enemy's lines, drop bombs, and
{return for # fresh load within a time
| himit far less than any of the earlier
| airplanes

| The engines of the airplane are de-
clared to be so completely reliable that
| risk of cConypulsory descent nto the
; enemy's territory is eliminated It ia
added that not one of these wonder jna-
|chines has yet been downed, notwith-
| standing the utmost efforts of the tiers
mons

 

  

6 BELL-ANS
Hot water
Sure Relief

  

 

 

ae

ean