|

DIGTATE PEACE
ON GERMANY'S
SOIL, TAFT SAYS

Need 5,000,000 Men to Win,
He Asserts, Calling for
Republican Congress.

ARMY FOR RUSSIA URGED

The Convention Unanimously
Adopts Platform Report—
Cheers for Whitman.

 

Saratoca, WN. Y., July 19.—When
former President Taft arrived at the
Republican convention this morning he
was received with enthusiasm second in
degree only to that which marked the
appearance of Col. Roosevelt yesterday.
His message of Americanism and ap-
peal for the vigorous prosecution of the
war sunk deep into the hearts of the
audience and aroused them for the third
time in two days to the highest pitch
of patriotic fervor. When he referred

to the splendid war news appearing in
the morning papers and called for an
army in Russta to again establish an
eastern front and drive the Germans
back to Berlin and the Austrians to
Vienna the delegates cheered until they
were hoarse.

“We can't win the war and save de-
mocrary unless we dictate peace on Ger-
main Soil,” Mr. Taft declared.

The former President came to the
platform on the arms of Henry W. Taft
and Judge Sanford Smith of Chatham
and was introduced by Chairman Fas-
sett as “Our old time friend, our great
public teacher, our inspiring Republican
leader.” .

As the speaker stepped to the front
of the platform the band played “Auld
Lang Syne” and “For He's a Jolly Good
Fellow.” Mr.
form, with his genial smile and big
hearted chuckle, which brought down the
hou with laughter several times.

Taft Calls Himself a Ghost.

“The first etrains of the band sug-
cested something to me,” he said. “You
see before you a statesman who accord-
Ing to Tom Reed is a politician who is
dead. No, you sge a ghost come out
of the past to look at the new inven-
tions of the present day and to under-
stand what a ‘near convention’ means.
And as 1 look upon you you have my
sympathy. For a great many hours you
have listened to wisdom and sound polit-
{eal ingtruetion, and yous burden is not
ended, But I am here by invitation of
hoth hosts of the eonvention. So you've
brcuaht ft on yourself.”

Speaking of the polftical parties he
said they were needéd to organize pub-
lie opinion and’ to see kK was made ef-
fective. It was the duty of the Repub-
lean party to elect a Congress because
it would be of greater apsistance to the
Administration than the Democratic
body.

“We must not blind ourselves,” Mr.
Taft said, “to the task that lays ahead
of us. As there js a just God in heaven,
we must heat the German brute. Much
has been done by the Government, and
well done.” = £

Praine for Seigctive Draft.

He praised the work of the selective
draft, building of cantonments, the Fooa
Administration and the financing of the
“The President's messages are

war.
great,’ was the way he expressed his
approval of these documents, but he

said there had been too much vaciliation,
too much hesitation. He condemned the
delay in the amendment of the dreft
law and declared that to win the war
we must have 5,000,000 men and more
ore and more.

wah such a matter the President
should lead. If he does not we should
have.a- Republican Congress to pass the
‘aw,” he added.

“We need it for constructive criticism
and to enact legislation for an army so
large that its very creation will take
the stiffening out of the foe. Gf course
we do not want to support a So-called
Republican who is not for the war. If
he is not for the war he is not a Re-
publican.”

Mast Help, Win, Taft Deciares.

Mr. Taft said tn part:

“Everything we do now and every-
thing we say must help win the war.
These were the opening words of Mr.
Taft when the applause which greeted
his introduction had died down suffi-
ciently to permit him to speak. And
in the address that .followed the ex-
President dwelt wholly on the war and
its conduct, his speech being divided
between praise for what has been ac-
complished- under a Democratic Admin-
istration and sane, constructive eritl-
cism where he believed adverse criticism
was merited.

He dwelt upon instances where the
\dministration had ‘been “pushed into
action” when it should have been lead-
{ng. and he deplored the delay in for-
mulating and carrying into effect a
definite policy in regard to Russia. The
need for immediate expansion of Ofir
draft plans that would greatly increase
our army abroad in the shortest possi-
ble time received especial attention
from the ex-President in the latter half
of his address and he made a forceful
viea for the election next fall of a Re-
nublican delegation in Congress of suffi-
ent size to make Itself felt in con-
tructive eriticism of war plans and
tte carrying out by legislation tending
to bring the war to a victorious and
carly ending.

 

Need of Republicans,

The nation needs the Republican
porty to give popular expression to an
‘“rmative, aggressive war policy,” said
My Taft. “Its success at the polls in
November will spur the Administration

adont one. A Republican Congress
wi'! enact legislation to initiate and

rry it on. Our present task, as
ratriots and Republicans, is to help
the present Administration organize the
potential force of this country into a
ockout blow to William of Hohengzol-
lyn and his compliant German people.”

Mr Taft here sketched the advan-
‘ages so far gained and held by the
Central Powers, and then Msted our own

nquests—-the control of the seas, our
steadily advancing ship construction, the
ling of the one time peril of the
boat and the immense moral and
ysical help which our allies received
when American entered the war.

Mr. Taft continued In part:

What can we fairly say of the

parations for the war by the Ad-

istration? We nmst admit that to
nge a peace loving democracy like
corse Inte # nation which shall make an
‘ff tive modern war on a huge scale is
easy task. Much has been done by
the Administration and well done.
‘We need not dwell upon the unfor-
ate Melays in the manufacture of
machine guns, artillery, ships

4 airplanes or the costly blunders of

a) Administration. They should
sed as lessons.”

Party consideration, continued Mr.
Teft, had been permitted by the Ad-
Ninistration to interfere too much when

ame to appointments to {mportant; half @ million

tasks Also in the first months of our
Part in the war the men of ability who

Taft was tn rare goca |

had been appointed found themselves
acting merely in advisory capacities, a
situation which the Administration, he
added, has been forced to change. And
although Mr. Taft had high praise for
President Wilson's messages and ad-
dreases as to our moral aims in the war
he had far less to say In favor of the
Administration's ability in framing
Practical policies.

| The visits and personal pleadings of a

Joffre, a Balfour and others were neces-
sary, Mr. Taft pointed out, before we
began to show signs of any speed in
sending even a small number of soldiers
to France, for it wap thus that the Ad-
ministration was “pushed into sending
over Pershing and the first unit." The
ex-President then spoke of delays in
the passing of the army appropriation
bill last winter and the failure to follow
up the recommendations of propaganda
in Russia as advised by the American
commission sent there after the Czar
had been dethroned.

“If we would make victory certain,”
cried Mr. Taft—after declaring that
however proud we may be of our sol-
diers now in France our army there
now is only sufficiently large to act as a
mere “stop to German victory’—‘‘we
must raise a much larger army than the
4,000,000 promised.

Dratt Law Changes.

“Five millions or more cannot be
raised now under the present law with-
out invading the classes having de-
pendents and greatly increasing the
difficulty and expense of maintaining
the army. A plan proposed some months
ago to meet this problem by enlarging
the draft law so as to reduce and in-
crease the age limits was rejected as
Premature. A bill since introduced in
Congress for this purpose met t ap-
proval of the Military Committee of the
Senate. A favorable report was only
prevented by the promise of the Secre-
tary of War to offer a more definite pro-
gramme for the consideration of Con-

gress before its adjournment. Thus our
leaders hold back. They will yield some
time. The Administration will be

slowly pushed again into a course in
which it should have led. Valuable time
will be lost.”

Continuing on the necessity for an
adequate representation and a majority
on the Republican side of Congress Mr.
Taft said:

“What is needed then to help this
Aximintstration mdést jis a coordinate
branch of the Government with power
and responsibility in fighting the war
which will perform two functions. The
first is that of constructive criticism of
administrative action or tnaction. The
second function is by law to enlarge
lour military preparations at once so
'that they shall clearly be adequate to
our declared national purpose.

“Now what of the next election? The
Administration has sought to secure
what is called a non-partisan return of
foyal members of Congress. That non-
partisanship seems to apply only in
States where the Republican majorities
would be overwhelming and where the
withdrawal of Democratic opposition
jis a concession of no substance. tt
does not work where there is a chance
for a Democratic candidate in either
the Senate or the House. In. Wisconsin,
in which the Republican candidate for
Senator was engaged in a life and
death struggle with pro-German oppo-
sition, the President wrote a letter at-
tacking him and seeking the election
of a warm persenal supporter and Dem-
ocrat whom he had urged to run.
Michigan, a Republican State, where
there is a division between the Repub-
licans, the President has invited Mr.
Ford, a former Republican, who rarely
; voted, and an extreme pacifist before
the war, to become the Democratic can-
didate, with a view to securing another
thick and thin supporter in the Senate.
Politics was not adjourned in the acts.
Such a policy of so-called non-partisan-
ship if ca?ried to success will result in
a Democratic Congress completely sub-
ject to the discipline of the Administra-
tion, furnishing no stimulus to definite
policy and no impulse
j tion.”
| After the applause had #tibsided Chair-

man Fassett remarked: “If ex-Presi-
| dent Taft is a ghost it's a case of ‘spirt-

j its of the just made perfect before
| God”

 

 

to prompt ac-

1

Anti-Whitman Forces Lose.

 

The committee on credentials decided
the only cOntest—one in Saratoga
; county—by seating the delegates ghosen

by Senator George H. Whitney, thus
‘ striking a blow at fortner Senator Edgar

T. Brackett, an anti-Whitman man,

Then Miss Mary Garrett Hay, chair-
man of the committee on resolutions, was
brought up to read the platform. She
j was dressed in a white flannel skirt and
| white silk waist, which blended with her
j abundant white batr. The first woman
to hold a position of honor at a political
conveation in this State was enthusias-
tically received and acquitted herself

With dignity and honor.

Once she raised her hand and asked
if all were hearing.
“Yes, Mary,”

“go on.”
| There was the ™udest applause over
; the plan declaring for the passing of the
| Federal suffrage amendment.
| Twice when the name of Governor
| Whitman came up fn the eulogy of the
| work of the administration the Whitman
| delegates started a demonstration, but !t
) was not so strong, mor so vigorous as

that which greeted the name of Col.
Roosevelt later when a resolution thank-
ing the speakers of the convention was
passed. Not more than two-thirds of the
delegates were in their seats, as it had
been announced that there would be no
minority platform report and there will
be no fight on the floor of the conven-

 

jtlon, The report of Miss Hay's commit-
i tee was adopted without dissenting
| voice,

i After the only unpleasant incident of
the entire convention, caused by the
swinging out from the galleries of an
anti-Wadsworth banner by the suffrage
pickets, the convention adjourned at 1 320
o'clock.

“This has been a great convention,”
said Chairman Fassett after adjourn-
ment. “It began on a lofty plane, was
kept on a lofty plane and ended on the
‘same plane. It should meet the ap-
| proval of every Republican, whether
“barbarian or Scythian, bond or free.”

WILL DARKEN SIGNS
‘FOUR NIGHTS A WEEK

| Garfield Orders New Ban to
| Save Fuel for Winter. .

 

 

 

}

{ Special Despatch to Tue Sun.

WASHINGTON, July 19.— More lightless
nights, but of a modified character, have
|been ordered. Fuel Administrator Gar-
field, fearing another failure of fuel next
winter, has decided to begin curtailing
immediately. His orders, affecting the
Northeastern States more materially
than the rest of the country, stipulate
that on specified nights the use of arti-
i ficial light for night displays and adver-
‘tising signs, including shop windows, is
forbidden. .

Four dark nights a week for North-
eastern States and two a week for the
remainder of the country are ordered.
The four dark nights schedule will be
in effect in all of New England, New
York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Dela-
ware, Maryland and the District of Co-
lumbia.

Throughout the country Monday and
| Tuesday nights will be minus electric
| advertising displays and similar {llumin-
ations, In the Northeastern States
| Wednesday and Thuraday nights also
will be lghtless as far as the order de-
mands.

Investigation by the Bureau of Stand-

ards Jed to a report to the Fuei Admin-

 

 

istration in which it was prophesied that
tons of coal would be

saved yearly and that 16,000 tons would
| be saved in New rok alone,

In he would not be at all sorry to see

COLONEL IGNORES
ALL APPRALS TO RUN

Continued from First Page.

 

 

been entered Into that at the proper time
the Colonel is to announce his candidacy.

The story was circulated by the
Whitman men that George W. Perkins

hae sent word from New York that the
Colonel had told him he would not run.
Late this afternoon Theodore Douglas
Robinson told the newspaper men that
they could quot® him in this way:

“I have just been talking over the
long distance telephone with the politi-
cal representative of the Colonel. He
tells me he has seen the Colonel and
is authorised to say for him that no one
here has the right to say what he will
do, that he has made no statement as
to hie intentigns and will not do so be-
fore Monday.”

Mr. Robinson would not reveal who
the “political representative of the Colo-
nel” might °

The Whitman managers sent the fol-
lowing to the newspaper men:

"G. V. Collins and W. W. Cocks, who
talked with Col. Roosevelt before he
left Albany yesterday, declared this
morning that Col. Roosevelt absolutely
will not be a candidate for Governor.”

“My talk with Col. Roosevelt,” said
Mr. Coflins, “was entirely satisfactory.

‘He has no desire to be a candidate
against Gov. Whitman, and judging
from our talk he will not be a candl-
date despite the statements of some of
the Lewis people to the contrary.”

|

Woman Sends Warning.

The following telegram was sent to
Col. Roosevelt this morning by Gertrude
Franchot Tone, a delegate from Niagara
county:

“Think you should know that the
Whitman sentiment among women ts
2, real and strong, and that Senator

adsworth, Willlam Barnes and Elon
R. Brown can never command the alle-
giance of the women voters. As their
candidate you would lose much of the
strength that otherwise might be yours.”

Mr. Collins of Troy, who is a close
friend of the Colonel, later said he was
in no position to say the Colonel would
not run, but he got the impression he
was not agxious to do so.

Miss Mary Garrett Hay, who was
Chairman of the Resolutions Committee,
gent this telegram to the Colonel to-
| night:

“The women are sincerely behind Gov.
Whitman and regret your name being
used by the Brown-Wadsworth-Barnes
group.” .

There has been much speculation over
the attitude of George W. Aldridge of
Rochester, as it is understood the Colo-
nel was anxious to get his support. it
may be that to prevent further embar-
Trassment along this line he took occa-
sion to get up after the adoption of the
platform in the convention and say, ‘‘T
want to say that the friends of Gov.
Whitman ate pleased at the mention of
his name in the platform as the great
war Governor.”

This started a demonstration for the
Governor, which seemed to be what was
intended. Some of Mr. Aldridge’s clos-
est friends say that while he is pledged
to the Governor and intends to keep

the Colonel in the field, and has made
the prediction that he could split the
ween vote {in Monroe country in
alt.

Greiner Support Sought.

Fred Greiner of Buffalo is another
powerful up-St@te leader whom the anti-
Whitman men would like to add to their
round robin. He is so fully convinced
that the Colonel will not run that he has
refused to go in with the others. It is
reported he wagered $1,000 even money
with William L. Ward, of Westchester,
that the Colonel would not yield to the
demands of the enemies of Gov.
Whitman. Mr. Ward, so the story goes,
was so convinced of winning his money
that he offered to bet anywhere from
$2,000 to $4,000 mor@® that he would
collect the original wager.
would not take the second proposition.
The Roosevelt people say he would come
(out for the Colonel, if He should actually
enter the race, and that lots of others
| are in the same position.

When one of the old timers who is in
the Roosevelt movement t6 the hilt was
asked if he were really serious in say-
jing he had definite assurances from the

Colonel he winked his eye and replied:

“You can't get an old bird out on a
limb if there is any chance that it is go-
ing to be sawed off after he gets out
there.”

It Is understood the Colone! is looking
at the proposition from a broad national
viewpoint, and in that connection is
consulting his friends outside the State.
Among them js John T. King of Connec-

I tieut, who has declared himself for the

 

 

for President in 1920. Friends differ, it
is understood, as to whether another
term as Governor would help or injure
him in a 1920 race.

Whitman Managers Worrted.

The Whitman managers were confer-
ring all day as to just what pressure
they could bring on the Colonel to keep
j him out of the race. They have been
trying to show a confident air, but they
are plainly much worrted,

“All the Governor has to do is to stand
up and show he has some backbone,
and I don't believe the Colonel
beat him in the primaries,”
one neutral put it

It is the general understanding that
the anti-Whitman people called off their
open fight in the convention on the plat-
| form attitude on prohibition and woman
‘suffrage and the return to the nominat-
| ing convention at the request of the
Colonel. That he did not want any open
friction was taken to indicate that he
might be more than commonly interested
in the result of the election this fall.

Attorney-General Lewis has not re-
ceived any reply to his message to the
Colonel and evidently is not surprised
that none has come yet. It is said he
| will fee] satisfied to have the Colonel
run. One story is that in that case he
would be a candidate for another term
as Attorney-General, another is that he
is considering going into Charles E.
Hughes's law firm.

Although Rodman Wanamaker
New York has been mentioned. as a
possibility for the Democratic nomina-
| tion for Governor, a rumor was cir-
culated to-day that he might be asked
to run on the Republican ticket as a
| commeromine candidate.
{ ‘The general feeling is that it har
been a good thing for the party to get
together and receive
such leaders as former Presidents Roose-
velt and Taft and former Senator Root
and Chairman Hays of the National
Committee. The Whitman people say
Chairman Hays is one of the men who
are interested in keeping the Colonel
out of the race.

Although Attorney-General Lewis is
much better to-day he will probabiy be
confined to his bed for several days, as
the sciatic nerve is affected. He was
taken to a local hospital this afternoon.

By verses! agreement of the Commit-
tee on solutions of the Republican un-
official convention there was no minority
report when the platform, was presented
by the Chairman, Miss Mary Garret
Hay, to-day. The friends of Attorney
General Lewis and other anti-Whitian-
ites were persuaded in the interest of
harmony to abandon their intention of
making an open fight. It is said that
this was due in no small measure to the
counsel of Col, Roosevelt.

Tt was felt that the word of a fight
over the platform in open convention
would give a chance for the spreading
of a report that there was a difference
over the national and patriotic features,

could
was the way

 

 

 

 

Mr. Greiner |

inspiration from |

THE SUN, ‘SATURDAY, JULY 20, 1918.

On these points there was absolute
Agreement, that part of the platform be-
ing drawn by President Nicholas Murray
Butler.

There was a stiff fight, however, in
the committee itself over prohibition,
woman suffrage and the return to the
State nominating convention. There was
slight objection on the part of Samuel
S. Koenig of Jease Phillips of Steuben
to the literacy test as a qualification for
voting. It was passed, however. The

who has not voted before cannot acquire
that right without the ability to read
and write the English language.

The platform ignores prohibition. It
was felt this was a controversial ques-
tion, which should not be taken up by
@ party, but rather by candidates for
the Legislature.

Mr. Barnes made a vigorous fight for
his plan against ratification of the Fed-
eral amendment and a_ prohibition
amendment to the State constitution.
He was supported by Senator Elon R.
Brown, Senator Wadsworth and others.
His proposition was defeated in the
whole committee by a vote of 13 to 32.

When the woman suffrage amend-
ment came up and it was decided to
indorse it Senator Wadsworth declared
he wished to make a three minute
personal statement. His first and
greatest duty, he said, was to the na-
tion as a whole and, second, to the
State. New York had given suffrage
to women and he hoped it would be
for the best interests of the Common-
wealth, but he could not conceive it to
be his duty as a Senator of the United
States to vot@ in that body to impose
either his will or the will of the men
of New York, for there has been no
test in this State as to the women to
impose the will of the men of New
York upon other States. The Senator
ended by saying:

“T have tried to keep a fairly level
head and even temper during this dis-
cussion. It has been going on for many
months and I have encountered it at
Washington for three solid years. Not
all of it has been intelligent. Not all of
it has been fair and decent, but only on
one occasion, I think, have I ever be-
come excited and been on the verge of
losing my temper, and that was when a
newly enfranchised citigen of the State
of New York asked me in the event
that I could not support the Susan B.
Anthony amendment to absent myself
from the Senate during the roll call. I
hope that whatever elements may ex-
ercise the franchise, whether they be
men or women, from now on none of
them will ever ask any man to sacrifice
his self-respect.”

The sub-committee on draft was at It
most of the night and the discussion in
the whole committee occupied the entire
morning.

SE

ne

Fight to Finish Urged.

The platform adopted by the conven-
tion called for a fight to a finish with
the Imperial German Government, the
thorough support of all measures in-
tended to help win the war, and sent a
message of congratulation to the fighters
of the country by land and sea. It urged
emphatically that the Senators for this
State vote for the Federal woman suf-
frage amendment, and commended in
strong terms the administration of Gov-
ernor Whitman. As to prohibition, the
platform was silent, and the same lack
of definite statement was noticeable with
reference to the proposal to eliminate
the direct primaries. Although three
were some negative votes In the commit-
tee room, the platform came to the con-
vention as the unanimous report of the
Committee on Resolutions. Universal
military training was directly advocated
as was a national budget system and
prompt attention to such social and in-
dustrial probleme as would quickly “fol-
low final victory.”

It was asserted that “in the necessary
wartime extension of Government su-
pervision and control over private under-
takings, no steps be taken in the direc-
tlon of permanent Government Owner-
ship or operation.”

A Federal law to prevent child labor
and to exempt workmen or farmers or
small consumers or producers from anti-

‘trust legislation when they form oop-
| erative associations was urged.

The platform insisted upon the elec-
| tion of a Republican Congress that it
might “deal vigorously with the prob-
lems of the war.” A literacy test for
future voters was also strongly urged.

War Plank of G. 0. P.

| The war plank of the platform pledged
the party to a war to a finish with Ger-

many. It charged the party in the
| State:
“To labor unceasingly to bring the

war of defense against the Imperial
} German government and Its allies to a
‘speedy and victorious conclusion: to
| avoid the temptations and the dangers of
jan inconclusive peace by diplomatic ar-
| rangement which would only expose the

world to all the perils and costs of mlili-
| tarism for ‘enerations to come; and to

 

called a woman delegate! Gojgnel for the Republican nomination, solve in the largest possible way those

i great problems, both international and

national, that the war has brought home |

to the public opinion of every free na-
tion.”

| To the army and navy the platform
sent this message

“We follow with pride and full appre-
ciation the splendid performances of the
officers and men of the army and navy
of the United States. We send them a
message of good cheer and encourage-
ment, with the assurance that while
j they are fighting the armed enemy on
| land and sea the Republican party will
be found alert to combat and to stamp
jout sedition, pro-Germanism and every
form ‘of unpatriotic expression and en-
deavor at home.”

Indorsing the Federal amendment for
woman's suffrage, the platform said:

“The woman's suffrage Federal amend-
{ment has passed the House of Repre-
sentatives by a tremendous Republican
' vote. Practically every
county committee in the State has urged
Its approval. The decisive plurality for

 

 

has so clearly shown the sentiment of
| the people that we emphatically call
‘upon the United States Senators from
New York to vote for the submission of
this amendment to the States.” ‘
Gov. Whitman's State administration
jRot an unqualified indorsement in the
section which sald, in part:

“The Republican State administrati¢n
has marshalled and mobilized the

 

of|energy, with resources and the militant |

patriotism of the men and women of all
parties, and has worked hand in hand,
day by day, with the Government in the
nation

 

} Ask Reward for Whitman,

“We believe that the one test which
should inspire and contro! the action of
every voter irrespective of party in this
coming campaign, should be the nomi-
nation and election of the candidates
| whose service in office will best assure
that New York will continue to do its
part in all that pertains to the war. For
ourselves and our candidates, we shall

 

gladly accept Judgment according to,
that standard, and we challenge the'
closest scrutiny of all that New York

has done for the State and the nation,
[unser the leadership of its great war
Governor, Charles 8, Whitman.”

After commending the Whitman ad-
ministration generally, and ealling
specific attention to the improvement in
feonduct and management of the depart-
'ments having in charge the prisons, the
State's insane and feeble minded wards
jund the agricultural and the financial
interests, the platform concluded;

“The return to the standard type of! work activities that

Democratic State administration would

at any time be a public misfortune, and |

plank indorses the pending amendment
to the State constitution which provides
that after January 1, 1920, every person

Republican |

suffrage in this great Republican State |

 

OVER WADSWORTH

 

'ROOSEVELT DANGER

 

| HALTS DEMOCRATS

Anti Banner Causes Scuffle at} Wagner Stops Making Plat-

a IN TUG OF WAR

Convention and Women
Haul Men About.

 

MISS PECK TO RESCUE

 

Miss Hay Resents Action
Against Senator—His Name
Cheered by Delegates.

 

Prom a Staff Corresponaent of Tue Svx.

SARATOGA, July 19.—?Pickets ‘of the
Woman Suffrage party, who have been
much in evidence around the United
States Hotel with their demand for a
declaration for the Federal amendment
in the Republican platform. succeeded
in making an offensive demonstration
in the closing minutes of the Republican

convention. They swung from the
south gallery of the convention hall a
banner, twenty-five feet in length, on
which was printed in big black letters:

“Senator Wadsworth obstructs the
freedom of women. We demand his
support of the national suffrage amend-

ment or his. resignation from the
Senate.”
Already the platform, containing a

SE

recommendation to the Senators to vote
for the amendment, had been passed,
But the fiery pickets were not satisfied.
Nine of them stealthily went into the
gallery and, sitting in the front row,
threw the banner over the edge and held
it there. :
Later Mrs. Wadsworth told a group
of the pickets on the porch of the
United States Hotel just what she
thought of such unfair tactics. sAnd
the pickets went back at her in a way
that won for her the sympathy of a
| large crowd that heard the discussion.
The banner was not noticed generally
until Joseph Levenson of New York
demanded of Chairman Fassett:
“I want to ask by whose authority
that sign was put up there?”
Immediately there was an_ uproar.
Cries of “Take it down,’ came from
every part of the hall. Then cheers
for Senator Wadsworth were started.

Offending Sign Removed.

When quiet had beeg partly restored
Chairman Fassett asked the sergeant-
at-arms to take down the “offending
sign.”

Among those who rushed to the gal-
lery were Senator Henry Sage and
James Gavan of Albany. They pulled
the banner back into the gallery, but
the women still hung on. Several times
they tried gently to get it away, but it
could not be done. Then there was a
tug of war, but the women won at first.
It was not until a woman, Miss Annie
E. Peck, well known as a mountain
climber, went to the men's assistance
and used more force, that the pickets
lost the banner.

“Now that we have expressed our
boiling emotions we all feel better,” eald
Chairman Fassett, trying to allay the
anger of the delegates. ‘‘After the rain
comes the rainbow.”

“That sign was not put there by the
voting women of New York," deelared
Mise Hay. s

Later thepickets expressed themselves
as much incensed at what they declared
was an inaccurate statement. After ad-
journment Miss Hay issued a statement
saying she had been informed that one
or two of the nine banner bearers were
voters.

“But the spirit of what I said remains
true,” she declared—"that this group
of women is not representative of the
women voters of New York State. In
fact, the opposition of the whole assem-
blage to the banner justifies my attitude
throughout the whole State suffrage
campaign in opposing the militant tac-
tics of the National Women’s party and
also in the campaign for the Federal
amendment.”

Three Cheers for Wadaworth,

After the incident was closed some one
‘in the convention proposed three rousing
| cheers for Senator Wadsworth, and the
| rafters shook.

{ Abbey Seott Baker, one of the pickets,
| boiling with wrath, said:
| “Those whom the gods wish to de-
stroy they first make mad. The three
| cheers for Jim Wadsworth will sound
; the death knell of the Republican party
in this State.”
| Tt was said that the women who held
the banner were Miss Lucy Burns of
! Brooklyn, Miss Edith Ainge of Buffalo,
| Miss Doris Stevens of New York, Mrs
| E. V. Muller of Sullivan county, Mrs.
George FP. Decker of Rochester, Miss
| Effie Burns of Buffalo, Mrs. G. W. Cook
; of Mechanicsville, Mrs. Adele Blauvelt
of Syracuse and Miss EMe Hill of Wash-
ington.
| Later Mrs. James W. Wadsworth, Jr.,
{wife of the Senator, went up to the
‘woman suffrage table on the porch of
the United States Hotel. Four or fife
of the pickets were there, including Miss
Ainge, Mrs. Baker and Mrs. Isabella Mott
de Angelis of Utica. “I don’t like your
methods," said Mrs. Wadsworth, ‘It
seemg unfair to single out an individual
| for an attack of this kind.”

“Yes, but we are attacking him on his
public record,” saisi Mrs. Baker.

A crowd of forty or fifty, as many as
{could get within hearing distance,
i pressed about and applauded the cool
i but courageous manner in which Mrs.
Wadsworth defended her husband,

 

“Then you are proud of him?" re-
lospeiae Mrs. de Angelis

“Yes,” was the reply, “because he has
acted with a consctence, If he ever)

again comes up for office in this State
} you will see that a majority of rhe
| voters, both men and women, will sup-

port a man who considers prineple be- |

{fore political expediency”

“You shouldn't be angry. We are not
attacking you,"’ remarked Mrs, de An-
| gelix
/ That is not very complimentary,”

} was the reply, “inasmuch as TI am the

thead of the Anti-Suffrage party.”
Mrs. Wadsworth asked if she could
| have some of the pamphlets as she

gathered up some of the literature at-
| tacking the Senator, with which the
table was loaded.

“Yes, and take one of our magazines,”
urged one of the pickets, “Give it to
Senator Wadsworth. He may find it in-
| structive,”
} “Thank you
"Oh, no

ie
The plank on suffrage in the Repub-
‘liean platform is as follows:

“The woman's suffraze Federal amend.
ment has passed the House of Repre-
sentatives by a tremendous Republican
vote. » Practically every Republican
_ county committee in the State has urged
sits approval. The decisive plurality for
| Suffrage in this great Republican State
thas so clearly shown the sentiment of
the people that we emphatically call
‘upon the United States Senators from
i New York to vote for the submission of
{this amendment to the States."
!

| Mar.

May I pay for it?"
We are glad to let you have

Hianyer Will Sall Soon.

It wax announced last night by the
| Knights of Columbus committee on war
Mer. Patrick J.
Bishop of New York
Ordinary of the United

|Hayes, Auxiliary
and Bishop

form Draft Until Uncer-
tainty Is Cleared.

 

TAMMANY MEN WORRIED |[charce.” he said.

 

Holwell Urges Government!
Ownership of Utilities for
Party Action.

 

Developments in the unofficial Repub-
ticun convention at Saratoga nave rept |
local members of the Democratic ma-
chine more or less on the anxious seat.

 

Republicans over the possibility of Col.
Roosevelt being a candidate for Gov-
ernor. ,

Democratic’ State Chairman Edwin 8.
Harris and State Senator Robert F.

Wagner, who have been engaged in
drafting a tentative platform for sub-
mission to the Democratic convention
that opens in Saratoga on Tuesday night
on the heels of the Republicans’ meet-
ing, were more perturbed yesterday ‘over
the Roosevelt possibility than anything
else.

Senator Wagner, who Is filling his old
role as a platform drafter—the actwwal
form in the platform to be approved by
Charles F. Murphy of Fourteenth street
and Good Ground, quit hi# labors yester-
day and went uptown pending some re-
Mable news as to what the Colonel might
do. The Tammany crowd has figured
all along that Gov. Whitman would be
the man they would have to beat and all
{deas in regard to the platform have
been shaped with that end in mind. The
news from the Republican camp that
the leaders were hopeful of persuading
the Colonel to lead the fight has knocked
all their plans galley west and may
require a whole revamping of the tenta-
tive platform and a reconstruction of
their plans for the great offensive.

Still in Dark About Hearst.

In other words, ivstead of one un-
certainty over which to ponder the
Democratic steerers yesterday had two.
They are admittedly in the dark as to

to do, and they are only guessing as to
Col. Rosevelt's attitude toward a nom-
ination which they belleve he can have
for the saying so.

Col. Roosevelt returned to New York
from Saratoga late Thursday night. He
declined to talk politics upon his ar-
rival and went at once to join Mrs.
Roosevelt at the Langdon Hotel. He
was equally reticent about his political
plans yesterday morning, although he
met newspaper men at the hotel a short
time before he left for Oyster Bay.

The uncertainty of the fate of Quentin
was preying on the Colonel's mind, and
while he exhibited a natural pride in
the heroic career of his aviator son he
did not attempt to conceal from news-
paper men who have known him as
| Governor and President the great grief
under which he was suffering.

“Nothing to say, boys, nothing at all.
You know what is foremost in my mind
now. IT have only one thought and am
not interested in politics just now.”
| The Colonel left with M:s. Rooseve:t

further statement was made by him
during the day.

Pablic Ownership Urged.

Among the various suggestions in re-
gard to a party platform that have
been submitted to Senator Wagner yes-
terday were the following from Joseph
J. Holwell, Mayor Hylan’s Commissioner
of Weights and Measures, on behalf of
the Public Ownership League, of which
he is director:

“Government ownership and opera-
tion of the telegraphs and telephones in
connection with our postal service, Gov- |
ernment ownership of the railroads and |
such essential means of transportation |
of troops and goods, and the creation of
a Government owned merchant marine
to develop our commerce in time ot |
peace and to supplement our navy in
time of war

Permanent Government ownership and
adequate development of all needed nat-
ural resources now in the possession of
the Government.

“Government acquisition of coal mines,
oil wells, munition planta and such
natural and industrial resources in suffi-
cient numbers to furnish the Govern-
ment with full and permanent supplies
of required material at a proper cost.

“Government contnol of the industrial
‘activities of the nation to insure in
‘this branch of nationai effort the great-
| est productivity under proper conditions;
land at prices fair to the producer and |
the consumer.

“Universal enactment into municipal,
State and Federal law of the initiative,
| the referendum and the recall.”

|ROOSEVELT SILENT;

| SEEKS NEWS OF SON |

for Oyster Bay just before noon, and a
|
|

 

a

 

 

 

 

a

 

“Politics Furthest Thing From |
My Mind,” He Says. |

| Col. Roosevelt under no circumstances
| will talk at this time about the Repub-
\lican Governorship question. All po-
| litieal matters are to be laid aside by
the former President until some definite
| information is learned of Lieut. Quentin
| Roosevelt's fate

“Polities is the furthest thing from my
There is only one
you Know what

| mind at the moment
i thing before me, and

l that is,” he commented last night,
| Col. Roosevelt said that he had re-
i ceived the telegram from Attorney-;

‘General Merton E,. Lewis in which the}
| latter says that he will withdraw from
'the race for the Republican nomination
‘if the Colonel will consent to run. How-
ever, the Colonel does not intend to re-}
(ply to this telegram at the present time,
and neither will he do anything about
the round robin which has been signed |
by delegates at the convention at Sar- |
atoga. {

\

! Scores of telegrams urging him to be-
come a candidate were received by the
Colonel! at Oyster Bay, and many of}
\them were from women. These too will |
remain unanswered for the time being. |
}
|

|
NEWBERRY TO STAY IN RACE. .

| netrott Man Will Contest for Sen-
Against Ford.

Detroit, July 19.——-Truman H. New-
berry will not withdraw from the race
for the Republican Senatorial Caaieaes
tion, it was announced here to-day,

The announcement followed reports
‘that Republican leaders were cing for |

|
‘i
|

ate Scat

 

ing to bring about united backing for
one candidate against Henry Ford. The
latter’s name is expected to appear on
both party ballots.
Chase 8. Osborn is a candidate, and ,
|petitions have been circulated for Sen- |
| ator William Alden Smith, j
TT |

| Calla 3,400
Wasutnaton, July 19

in School Draft,

--Provost Mar-
shal General Crowder to-day issued an |
\ additional school draft call for 3,400 |

 

under present conditions, it would be a, States forces, with supervision over the | men, allotted among twelve States The |

national calamity.
the people remember, and see to it that

the present high standard of State ser-j Columbus “Victory Convention” in New | vice.

vice is maintajned.

ppt tee)

eee hss eee

All that we ask isthat, Knights of Columbus chaplains, will sail

for France soon after the Knights of

York, Apgust 6 and 7.

j men are to Be grammar schoo! graduates

and qualified for general military ser-
They will entrain between August
and 15,

ee Nell Ril ay

 

They are as much concerned as :

—_———

cannot be begun.
what William Randolph Hearst is The most reliable estimates the com-

DISLOYAL PASTOR SENTENCED.

“Not Crasy, Dishonest,” Says Judge
in Reply to Minister's Plea,

Hartrorp, Conn., July 19.—The Rev.
Theodore Buessel, pastor of the German
Lutheran Church at Bristol, found guilty
of seditious utterances, was sentenced to
ten years on each of three counts to At-
lanta Penitentiary by Judge H. B. Howe
to-day, The terms run concurrently.

The defendant was asked if he cared

 

to say anything before sentence was im- |

posed. ,

“I only ask you to give me another
“Send me to France;
anywhere. I will lay down my life for

my country. Take this stain of prison
from me." :

In the course of the trial the clergy-
man asked to be sent to an asylum.

“No,” replied the court, “you are not
crazy; you are disloyal and dishonest.”

10 PER CENT. TAX ON
NORMAL INCOMES

Committee Framing Revenue
Law Indicates Big Rate
Increase.

 

Special Despatch to Tae Sc,
WASHINGTON, July 19.— The normal
tax on personal and corporate incomes
next year will be probably not less than
10 per cent., according to indications at
to-day's session of the Ways and Means
Committee, which is framing the new
tax law. The present normal tax on
personal incomes is 4 per cent. and on

corporate incomes 6 per cent. .

The most striking feature of the ses-
sion was the apparent preponderance of
sentiment in favor of thie increase.
Even to approach the enormous amount
of money whichvmust be raised from
taxes on incomes, including normal
taxes, supertaxes and excess profits
taxes, most of the committee have be-
come convinced that it will be necessary
to adopt 10 per cent. as the normal rate,
with the present exemptions remaining
in force. :

The committee is still without accu-
rate figures to show the total taxed in-
comes for 1917 and without a depend-
able forecast of the total in the present
ealendar year. Until these figures are
supplied the actual draft of the new law

\

mittee can obtain make it appear that
the heaviest taxes that can be placed on
incomes without actually
revenue through killing industries will
fall far short of the amount desired
from these sources. It is estimated that
instead of raising $6,000,000,000 through
income and excess profits taxes the total
will be fully a billion short.

In regard to the loss of revenue
through the possible enactment of the
prohibition amendment, cutting off all
revenue from that source, the committee
definitely hae decided to ignore the dry
bill altogether, in view of the strong
doubt of being able to raise $8,000,000,-
000 from all sources, It is certain that
the doubled taxes on distilled, brewed
and fermented liquors, wines and beer
will be included in the new bill.

The majority of the committee does
not feel that they should be called on
to guess whether the dry bill is going to
pass and not be vetoed by the President.

Direct taxes on the liquor industry,
combined with the taxes on the income
from the business under the proposed
doubled direct tax rate, would yield
about $1,000,000,000, Cutting off this
sum, even the dryest member of the
committee admits, would make doubly
hard the task of raisng $8,000,000,000
through taxes, which some of the tax
law framers believe to be impossible
even with the liquor taxes available

The suggestion that all amusement ad-

decreasing

missions taxes be doubled, was made In j|

to-day s discussion, and little opposition
was ‘ieard.

It Sas suggested also that a tax of 1
per cent

raise close to $2,000,000,000 a year. The

committee did not go into the question |

deeply to-day, reserving it until
nart of the measure is reached

If the conviction of many members of
the committee proves correct, a large
programme of consumption and luxury
taxes will have to imposed. Those mem-
bers who are certain that not more than
$5,000,000,000, at most, can be ratsed

that

from income and excess profits taxes, de- |

clared it would be necessary to extend
direct taxes such as consumption taxes,
to untouched flelds.

 

|
| Col, Roosevelt upon his arrival at Sage

be imposed on all gross sales, |
counled with the assertion that it would |

 

QUENTIN’S AIRPLANE
SEEN TO HIT BARTH

| Dived, Not Volplaned, but May
Have Been Under
Control.

‘MRS. TEDDY JR. CABLES

| Says Chance Exists He Is @
Prisoner—Colonel Grate-
ful for Sympathy.

amore Hill yesterday afternoon received
a cablegram from his daughter-in-law
in Paris, Mrs. Theodore Roosevelt, Jr,
| which was not very encouraging about
\the fate of his youngest son, Lieut
Quentin Roosevelt, who fell behind the
| German lines in an air dattle on July 14,
|The cablezram read:

| “Quentin's plane seen to dive 800
| meters. Not in flames. Seen to strike
| ground. Could have been under control,
{as did not spin. Chance exists he is a
| prisoner.”

\ The Colonel had been greatly encoure

j}aged over the cablegram received late
!Jast night from his son-in-law, Surgeon
| Major Richara Derby, which stated that
{a companion aviator believed Quentin
had landed safely.

Mrs. Roosevelt's cablegram does not
; Say he volplaned to earth, but that it
i dived. So it would seem to indicate that
\the Colonel's son may have been killed,

Col, Roosevelt and his family are still
| hopeful that good news will be re-
celved.

The Colonel motored to his home from
New York cfty early yesterday after-
noon. He was accompanied by Mrs.
Roosevelt and his two daughters, Mrs.
Alice Longworth and Mrs. Richard
Derby. They will remain at Sagamore
| Hill for several days. Hundreds of tele-
| grams and cablegrams and letters were
delivered to him during the day.

When the Colonel was asked about
them he said:

“We have received many hundreds of
kind and friendly telegrams and letters
They will all be acknowledged in time,
and I aek the forbearance of the senders
because it will necessarily take some
time.

“T do not intend to make any of chem
public. Some were from prominent pso-
ple and some from people who were rot
prominent; some from old friends and
some from strangers. They were not
meant for publication, but to express
sympathy with Quentin's father and
mother and sorrow for a gallant boy
who had been doing his duty like hun-
dreds of thousands of young Americans.

“Many of them indeed, I think, were
really an expression of sympathy for
ythe many mothers and fathers who have
gladly and proudly and yet with sor-
row seen the sons they love go forth
to battle for their country and the right
Many of them were from fathers and
mothers who had sons at the front, and
some of them from those whose sons
had been killed at the front.”

Col. Roosevelt at this point turned to
his desk and picked up several letters.
As he glanced through them he said:

“This is from a fatner of two boys
fighting in France, one in the Marine
Corps and in the Chateau Thierry fight.
He writes: ‘We have no knowledge of
what happened to our own in the last
battle.’

“Another writes: ‘One of my two sons
}in service, a naval aviator, was killed
jin February last.’ Another writes that
jhe is a father of a service aviator who
| fell in action March 14. The son Was
| 25 years old and fell in his second ac-
tion

“And here, another writes ‘We lost our
| only son, a Lieutenant in aviation ser-
vice, over there.’ @

“Another expresses sympathy and
concludes, ‘My 18-year-old son enters
| the aviation service on Saturday.’

"And yet another from a mother and
father of three boys, all in service, who
send their heartfelt sympathy, and say,
Our youngest {s an aviator, eager to
{take your boy's place in France.’
| “These are only a few among many

telegrams and 1 know they show the
| spirit of our whole people.”

 

Cuban Official Leaves for U, 8,

A CuBAN Port, July 19.—-Brigadier
General Jose Marti, Cuban Secretary of
| War, has departed for the United States

 

should

WE
conclusiv

way of telling you

like to find some
e and convincing
what an unusually

good car the Liberty is.

But we know of no better way than
to urge you to take a ride in the
Liberty and judge it by the differ-
ence 1n the way it rides and drives.

For we believe

that the Liberty

talks for itself better than any sales-

man.

Owen Magnetic Motor Sales Corporatio»

Broadway an
Phone Circle 897

d 57th Street

o

 

 

 

 

 

pee