a
a a ar ee —

a Sa

en
So

a

 

 

 

 

The eiOikie Fun
‘ ar NEW EORE PREAS.

SATURDAY, JULY 20, 1918.

SSS ee =
MEMBER OF THE ASSOCIATED cD PRESS.
The Associated Press is exclusively en-
ea to the use fer republication of all
Sowa Geapatches credited to it or got
herwise credited in this paper and also
the Jocal news published herein.
All rights of republication of special
Géapatehes herein are also reserved.
—— eeeinoneasnare ae ——_
Entered at the Post Office at New York as
Second Clase Mail _Matter.

 

 

 

bubecriptions by Mall. Postpaid. |
Your, Months. Month.
$4.75 ae

JAILY & SUNDAY... $9.50
ALLY only....cc...5 100 3.50
NDAY only........ 60 1,60 te
Canapian Rates.

BAILY & SUNDAY...$10.00 $65.00 $1.00
ILY omly......., » 7,00 Sts 60
SUNDAY only... eeoee 5.00 50

Forsian Rates.
DAILY & SUNDAY. +e $12.00 $2.25
D. ¥ OMIF.... cee eee 18, - 1,60
DAY only........ $00 4 +16

B EVENING SUN, gett oan + 90.50
E BVENING SUN 46.00
THE EVENING SURI Toreign), Per “Mo. 130
All’ checks, money gees &ec., to be
— payable to Tue Sus.

ppanes dally, including Sunday, by the
Suh Printing and Publishing Assoclatton,
‘assau 6t., Borough of Manhattan, N. ¥.
Ratdont Frank A. Munsey, 150 Nassau 8t.;
Vice-President, Ervin arene i Secretary,
R. H. Titherington; Treas, Wm. T. Dewart,
@ll of 150 Nassau Btreet.

don office, 40- 48 FI Fleet street.
fice, 6 Rud de la Michodlere, off
Rue du Quatre Septembre.
ashington office. babe ene.
rooklyn offte, Room Bagie ia-
ing, 303 Washington street.

 

 

If owr friends who favor ue with manu-
te and tluetrations for publication wish
ve rejected articles returned they must

‘ell cases ecnd stampe for that purpose.

TELEPHONE, BEEKMAN 2200.

to
*

 

’

: 3
et FREE US 888 SSE S88 seer li fil & sskeen

 

Victory Is Ours.

If Genera) Focn's offensive between
Soissons and Chateau Thierry pro-

no further than it already has
Ene it will have achieved the highest
military objects. A new problem is
faced ‘Yor thé enemy; his important
Mnes of communication are menaced;
his: forces must be redistributed to
Meet the altered situation, and he
must immediately attack positions
chosen by General Focu, or else with-
draw his urmies over a cons‘derable
afea to remove them from positions
now. perilous, if not untenable. ‘This
is the most consérvative view'of the
effects that is permissible tinder the
circumstances. It is therefore plain
thut General Focn's troops have al-
ready won a great success; and the
full measure of Its effect, which fs not
yet In sight, may surpass our most
fervent hopes, and transform the ad-
vance that began on July 18 into a
victory for civilization of far reaching
success.

In this magnificent enterprise, com:
pletely typicul of the genius in its
conception and execution of Focus, our
soldiers have borne o notable and
honorable part. The exact extent of
their participation is withheld from
us by the Wer Department, but we
know that they were permitted to join
the advancing French in considerable
fiumbers, and that in the performance
of their duty they won the applause
of their own commanders and of the
experiénced . French officers under
whom, or side by side with whose
urfits,“they served. That they’ were

and enthusiastic as individuals

tablished before; the fact that
Ta: “Most delicate tasks were en-
trusted ‘to them shows that they have
advanced in militar? tratning to a
pofnt satisfactory to their instructors,
officers of the French and English ar-
mies grown wise in war and schooled
to high standards by the relentless
exigencies of actual- combat. The
faith that our men by their aptitude
arid ‘diligence inspired in these mas-
tefs of the military science has been
Justified on the field. We now have
not only the component parts of an
army, but an army Individually of
the best, professionally fit and in-
spired by the noblest of purposes and
the most glorious of traditions.

«Indeed, what other army-fhas ever
had ‘the opportunity to absorb and
mnake its own such traditions as are
the honest heritage of these men in
khaki who on the battle front in
France defend their homes 3,000 miles
away? Behind them ts the record of
thelr own predecessors in the uniform
of the United States, the noble his-
tory of (H8"arms of France, supreme
among nations in the art of war, and
the glorious history of the British
arms. The knowledge, the standards,
the achieyements of all. these, the
secrets and the spirits of these insti-
tutions, all. that is best in them, are
by right of training and association
Jossessions of the sons of America
who fight beside the French and the
Britfsh not as ‘strangers come from
afar but as brothers reared in the
same school, filled with the same
ideals, and striving in generous ri-
valry in the same great cause,

“Mere gratifying than any other de-
tall of this notable exploit of arms,
so far as we of America are con-
cerned, is the fact that in the victo-
fies that have been won our soldiers
of every class have had opportunity to
display their worth and have yindi-
cated their own character and the
systein that transformed civilians
into fighting men. The Regulars and
the Marines had already lived up to the
splendid reputation they possessed ;
now units of the National Guard
Army and the National ‘Army have
proved their mettle under fire. To
those who have watched with .confi-
dence the incwcation of the military
habit into these men the confirma-
tion of their strongly held beliefs is
highly gratifying. To the few who
have doubted ‘the fensibility of thei
intensive schooling made necessary by
the dire necessities of the nation the
revelation of its suceess brings re-
Hef. But no man will draw from tt
any other lesson than one which
teaches us that never in the future
can we depend on such improvise-
tlons to safeguard our land,

Our army is in the forefront of the
host that battles tor Civilization to-
day, a real army, a milltary machine,
tapadle of great deeds, accomplishing

‘
oe

sss

 

heroic things. It has taken the mens-
ure of the Germans, and wiped from
the mind the last lingering traces of
the myth of Teutonic invincibility or
superiority. But the army knows,
and every American knows, that Clv-
{lization still exists only because the
French and the English nations, the
French and the English peoples, for
three terrible years fought the fight
we should have fought from the begin-
ning, and held at bay the foe of free
dom in whose final and complete de-
feat it is now our privilege no less
than our duty and our purpose to
take part with them.
The Board of Estimate Sees
Gravity of the Situation.

The Board of Estimate has taken a
step on the way to the relief of those
inadequately paid city employees, the
patrolmen and the firemen. It is not
a long step, but it is better than stand-
ing still. It gives immediate relief to
the men of the grades most poorly
paid, and it-offers tacit encourage-
ment to the others—the majority, in
fact—of the rank and file to remain
in the Police and Fire departments.

The resolution adopted yesterday,
increasing the salaries of the men
who have been getting less than $1,500
a year, affects only a rather small
fraction of the patrolmen and fire-
men. Of the 9,334 patrolmen, a few
more than 2,000 are going to have tn-
creases of pay beginuing on August 1.
Of the city’s 3,715 firemen, only 710
will have this immediate benefit.

More than three-quarters of all the
patrointen and four-fifths of all the
firemen are already $1,500 men; and
the salaries of these have not been in-
creaged, although they are the very
men whose importanee to the city has
been evident. They are to a great
extent men beyond the present draft
age; many, if not most,’of them have
families and are undergoing the com-
mon struggle with the rising cost of
living. The temptation to leave the
department and engage in business or
trades that pay well has come to
many of them, as their Commisaion-
ers know only too well. 7

What will be the effect of yester-
day's action on these more than 10,000
men? We believe they will see, as
THE Sun sees, that the inadequacy of
their pay has been recognized and
that it will be only a matter of a few
months—until the adoption of the
1919 budget—when they will- receive
salary increases that will enable them
to remain in,the departments and at
the same time to live in a manner be-
fitting Americans.

Regret over the postponement of

benefit to the majority of the deserv-
ing and anxfety lest January seem to
them too far off do not detract from
THe Sun's pleasure over the fact
that quick relief has come to the
patrolmen and firemen of the lower
grades—the men whose salaries, rang-
ing from $1,050 to $1,400, have been
increased, in most cases, by $150 a
year. These men are nearly all of the
draft age, and n great many of them
are already in the army. The rise in
their salaries will be a good thing for
them: and their dependents, It cannot
be sald, as it could be said of the
$1,500 men, that the added pay will
keep them in the city's service, for
the draft law does not consider mu-
nicipal requirements; but it is cer-
tain, with the minimum pay increased
to $1,200, that more men will enter
the departments, The maxfmum age
of entrance has been raised to 835
years in the Police Department.
The action of the Board of FEatl-
mate, viewed from the standpoint of
New York's needs, {s important in
that it is evidence that the board rec-
ognizes the conditions which THe Sun
made plain. If the board will now
proceed to insure the presence in the
budget of adequate pay for*all the
patrolmen and firemen it will be do-
ing its part to preserve the integrity
of two great biconical

the

The Japanese Red Cross.

Tur SUN greets with a hearty wel-
éome the special commission of the
Jupanese Red Cross now in New York
on its way to France. We are proud
of our ually across the Pacific, be-
cause, If for no other reason, this
beneticent work for humanity won
thelr early recognition and relatively
a more numerous following than in
nrost of the other nations.

We Americans enjoy a polite provy-
ocation to leve and good works,
especially when we can land a Roland
for an Oliver, of the philanthropic
sort.. Be it gladly granted, on com-
paring dates, that the Red Cross idea
“took” in Japan even while our
CLARA Barton was urging our Wash-
ington authorities to start the drive
for suffering humanity. We acknow)-
edge gladly that the first pair of fully
equipped hospital ships; named Sav-
jour and Mercy, were built in Japan
and made a shining record in the
Russo-Japanese .war. From the vol-
umes of Professor Anica, detailing
he history of Japan's Red Cross ac-
tivities and decorationx, with pictures
and text, we are happy to know that
action did not wait on war. The suf-
ferers by earthquake, typhoon and
tidal wave were sought out; yes, any
and all the forms in which death,
disease or wounds come were met
and quickly ministered to because of
the Red Cross. The experience thus
gained enabled the workers in the
war zone of Manchurla to uprear
within minutes instead of days tem-
i porary dressing stations and hospi-
tals of bamboo reeds and rice straw.
How GemPaku of 1774, the Vesallus
of Japan, would wonder to-day to see
Japan's sons and daughters in co-
horts of merey travelling ten thou-
sand miles to France! The mythol-
ogy of the god of letters and medicine
astraddle of a sea monster riding
the waves to Japan, in eras long ago
and still unmeasured, fades before
the bare facts of steam wedded to
human enterprise, Behold, in the ist

>

or

 

of these missionaries of mercy in 1918
the name of Count Katsu, whose kins-
man in 1860 commanded, in the voy-
age across the Pacific to America,
the first Japanese built steamship;
its navigating officer, who translated
Bownpitcn's “Navigator,” being Na-
KAHAMA, the waif of 1850, picked up
at sea by a New Bedford captain and
educated at Fairhaven, Mass, On
July 4, 1918, the Mikado’s Ambassa-
dor, Isuir, delivered at Fairhaven,
Mass., in faultless English, his eu-
logy. NaxkaHAMA was Commodore
Perny’s harbinger, sounding the
praises of hospitable America. Katsu,
father of the Imperial Japanese navy,
took American teachers to Japan.

Not to make too long a story, nor
tell of the wonderful Red Cross la-
bors in war and peace, nor to repeat
the history of those who bear the
shining historic names of Toxvoawa,
son of the Cincinnatus of Japan, in
1868, and of Yosnipa, kinsman of the
Morning Star of the Japanese Refor-
mation, who boarded Preray's decks
in 1853, hoping to get to America for
soul vision, let an old tale be told.

Qn the arrival of a traveller in
Dai Nippon in 1870 a high officer of
the Emperor came to inquire in de-
tall how President Lincotn treated
men who in the eyes of the national
law were rebels. The happy one
questioned gave him a chapter of his-
tory, which in the sequel, as carried
out in Japan, quite equalled the Amer-
jean precedent. When General Grant
visited Japan he found one sentence
of his as famjliar as household words.
It was: “Let us have peace.”

Yet, not as offset or detraction, but
as supplement, in the spirit of the
Allies, which works for union of hu- | Ucts
manity, and not with the animus of
Kaiser, craft or Germanism, which
spells division, hatred and all un-
charitableness, we Americans are
glad also to show the obverse of the
coin of pure gold. We can truthfully
tell how we not only worked with
the Japanese, but how our people on
their. soil inspired them to novel ac-
tion. Generously and perhaps unani-
mously have Japanese public men ac-
knowledged Christianity's message to
women. The call of the Occident
sounded to the neglected half of Ja-
pan and was heard. Mrs. J. C. Hep-
BURN, first educator of girls in things
western; Mrs. J. C. Battagn, who
demonstrated the power of the Japa-
nese volce to master the diatonic
scale; Dr. J. C. Berry, who tIntro-
duced first of any and all prison re-
form and also took the initiative in
training skilled female nurses; Crara
Barton, not on the soil, but inspiring
native spirits, and not least, the hand-
ful of American missionaries who had
Japan all to themselves for ‘leaven
and inspiration from 1859 to 1869,
made possible this visiting commis-
sion of 1918.

It may be said that any or all
forces inherent in Japan could, of
themselves unaided, originate the Red
Cross, international peace confer-
ences, a system of hospitals for all
classes, a woman's university, the
emancipation ‘of the outcasts—once
reckoned .as non-humap—full Iberty
of conscience, or real representative
government. The forces within and
without must needs cooperate,

Nor indeed could Americans—heirs
of all the ages and in the foremost
files of time—of themselves alone
originate these things. Have we not
even acknowledged the ald of France
in gaining our independence? Onty
in brotherhood—for which the Allies
of 1918 stand—could such Institutions
as the Red Cross arise. “Not unto us,
not unto us,” will either the true na-
tive or lover of this republic, or the
real Japanese cry. No! they both
stand band in hand, as they bow be-
fore the universal oy hearing his
words, “freely ye have received ; freely
give.” It is in generous rivalry and
in emulation without envy that our
citizens. under their chief servant,
President Wirson, and the joyous
subjects of the Emperor Yosururro
march as comrades in the van of
humanity. Therefore do we welcome
the Red Cross delegation from the
Land of the Risen Sun,

Prince Lichnowsky’s Distinction.

When the question of a proper pun-
ishment for Prince LichNowsky was
before the Prussian House of Lords
it Was reported thant the Kalser, just
for old friendship’s sake, would suve
the Prince. This proves, however, to
have been one of those generous con-
tributions of the fanciful Herr Ros-

  
   
   
  

THE SUN, SATURDAY, JULY
FROM THE MEN IN|GRAY.

pulsion trom. that body Prince Lrert-
Nowsgyr has attained an unusual
distinction. - j

The Good Word “Rum.”

We admire protectors of the jan-
gunge, but advise these watchers not
to shoot the wrong noun:

“To THe -Epiror or Tus Sun—Str:
Reading the bit In Tus Sun about
Maine ‘rum,’ I fail to understand the
peculiar American habit of not calling
things by their right names.

“Why say ‘rum’ when you mean wine,
spirits or beer; ‘rats’ when epeaking of
mice; ‘rocks’ when you mean small
stones; ‘meat market’ when referring to
& small butcher shop; and ‘hotel’ in de-
scribing a ten by twelvé barroom?

Surely it is time to abandon'this pro-
vincial and childish camouflage.

“New York, July 18. Purist.”

Any one, even an avowed purist,
who does not peek into the dictionary
now and then, !{s likely to go wrong
on a word. “Rum,” as used by Tae
Sun since 1833, has frequently been
in the éénse of all strong drink. For
this we plead complete justification.
“Rum” is an abbreviation of “rum-
booze,” which originally meant any
alcoholie drink. If “Purist” had gone
to the Century Dictionary he would
have found the second definition of
rum” to be as follows:

“Any dietilied Iiquor or strong alco-
holic drink: much used in reprobation,
with reference to intemperance: as, the
evils of rum.”

In the “Autocrat”. Dr: Hotes la-
mented that “unwashed moralists”
applied the name “rim” to the prod-

ucts of the vineyard as well as to the
distillation of the -cane. But when
THE Sun used “rum” in connection
with tippling in Malne it referred to
whiskey, gin, brandy and kill-devil
proper rather than to wine or beer;
and it will continue to use the brief
and expressive synonym for liquor of
high alcoholic content.

As for our correspondent’s objec-
tion to “meat market,” it is usually
better than “butcher shop.” The lat-
ter word is proper when the killing
is done on the premises, but in the
cffies, where little is done in the mar-
ket except cutting and selling,
“butcher shop” hag a needlessly san-
guineous sound.

Intelligent persons rarely confuse
rats and mice, or rocks and pebbles.
The “hotel” to which “Purist” objects
was born in the first days of the
Raines law, when the State per-
mitted saloons to assume a new dig-
nity and, what was more important
to their proprietors, to sell rum and
other stuff on Sundays.

 

 

A terrific blow to prohibition in the
United States was struck in France at
Sotssons yesterday.

Professional baseball players are not
engaged in an essential industry, un-
der the decision of. the War Depart-
ment, rendered in the case of the
catcher Eppl—e AINsMITH. The ruling
iy’ not unexpected, nor is it unjust.
It will not kill the national game; so
long as it ts the favorite diversion of
army and navy athletes it will con-
tinue in good health, despite the de-
pletion of the ranks of professionals.

 

Tt is said in Washington that the
present drive “will not replace or
hifider the great allied offensive
Planned for later in the year.” This
is just ringing Germany's bell. Burst-
ing tn the door comes later.

 

It was the failure of the New Jer-
sey official designated by statute to
Supply ballots to soldiers to play his
part which upset the dry victories in
three Essex county towns. Juatice
GUMMBRE dismissed curtly the sug-
gestion of the drys’ lawyer that the
War Department had announced it
as an army policy that soldiers were
not to be bothered with the ballot.
The, Justice intimated that the De-
‘partment would be properly occupied
if its head confined his labors to
administering martia] law while the
courts of New Jersey continued to
administer the civil laws of that
State. The excellent reputation of
Jersey justice is well cared for by her
Justices.
twhdwant having been
we may assume that the
House of Lords is now 100
Nar.

Prince
excluded
Pruseian

‘per cent.

 

 

The first round robin of the cam-
paign has appeared at Saratoga; and
it is a sign of a fight.

———————

A Possible Source of Cheap Fuel.

To THE EpiTor or THE SUN-—Sir; There
are many farm products. going to waste
that could be made into alcohol. <A
Government agent on. notice from

Nex to impress upon Germany the | farmers could denature the alcohol, giv-

kindly, forgiving spirit of the All
Highest. Prince LicHNowsKy was
expelled from the Prussian House of
Lords and with the Kalser's approval
and assistance.

Prince LicHNowsKkyY's offence was
telling the truth. He declared that
the German military party could have
avoided the war, This he knew be-
cause, as the German Ambassador to
London, he was familiar with both the
British and the German attitude, He
had written less as a historian than

as am man who wished to relieve his;

mind of a heavy burden and to en-

lighten future generations upon the |

responsibillty for the war. To him
It was a duty which he owed to man-
kind. Hisstatements and their proofs,
as contained in diplomatic correspon-
dence with the Berlin office and the
British Foreign Office, he entrusted
to some of his friends for their own
enlightenment. It was they who gave
to the world the definite information
that proved the falsity of Germany's
claim of a war purely for defensive
purposes.

To a Prussian Junker it was a
sacrilege to dare question the official !
statement that the Germans were not
“a peaceful people taken by surprise.”
To prove the whole Prussian defence
a ile was an offence without prece-
dent. There was no place in the
Prussian House of Lords.for a man
who would tell the eruth. By his ex-

ing all cheap fuel. Stills of cheap con-
struction can be made.

I suggest that all write to their rep-
resentatives urging a change in the law
80 that all can have cheap fuel.

ROBERT THOMPSON.

New Yorx, July 19.

Laws and More Laws!

To THe Evrtor or THE SUN—Sir: Anti-
treating law? By all means! Let us
have more and still more laws. Anti-

treating, anti-tipping, anti-kissing, anti-
everything. And then have the penal
code printed in a pocket size thin paper
edition, indexed and cross tndexed, to
coneult at frequent intervals and fortify
ourselves. A new button could be de-
vised for the anti-treating league, to be
worn under the coat lapel and flashed at
the right moment. LEMUEL,
BAGDAD-ON-THE-SUBWAY, July 19.

 

 

Harper's Magasine for August contains
the first instalment of a series of remark-
able letters written from the front by
Jack Wright, an American aviator, 19
years old, who was killed jJast January.
David Jayne Hill continues his “Impres-
sions of the Kaiser,” discussing Wilhelm's
way with Americans and his interference
in diplomatic matters. Harrison Rhodes
(contributes a delightful article on Long
Island, Silustrated in tint by W. J. Ayl-
ward, Elizabeth Miner King has an ar-
| tlele on (he American spirit as made man-
fest in the draft, while George Wright
shows army life in the cantonments in
six sketches. There sre short atories by
Charlies Caldwe!l Doble, Mary Heaton
Vorse, Wilbur Daniel Steele, Laura Spen-
cer Portor, Ellen Webb Riley and Mrs,
Henry Dudeney; and poems by Djuna
Barnes, Haniel Long and M. A. K. Ma-
eready. Mrs. Ward reaches the seventh
part of her recollections.

 

u

.——

20, 1918.

 

SOLDIER PRESIDENTS.

 

The Letter Carriers Once More Ex-| We Have Had Many ané Shall Surely

press Their Gratitude.

To Tue Eprror or tHe Sun—S#r: In
appreciation of the assistance rendered
by your publication during the campaign
by the National Association of Letter
Carriers for a reclassification of the
grades and salaries of letter carriers in
the city delivery service, the New York
State Association of the N. A. L. C.
adopted the enclosed resolution at their
recent convention, and instructed me
to present you with a copy.

Assuring you that this is indeed a
Pleasant duty, and personally thanking
you for your tnterest in the welfare of
the postal service and its employees,
with kind regards and best wishes I am,

Perer J. VANDERNOOT,

Secretary, New York State Associa-

tion of Letter Carriers.

New York, July 19.

 

4 RESOLUTION
of appreciation and thanks to THe Scn,
adopted at the convention of the New
York State Association of the National
Association of Letter Carriers, at Bchenec-
tady, N. Y., July 8, 4, 5, 1038:

Whereas the Post Office appropriation
bill for the fiscal year ending June 80,
1919, contains a provision reciassifying the
salaries of letter carriers In the city de-
livery service, assuring them an increase
of Two Hundred (§200) In their ennual
compensation; and

Whereas the National Association of
Letter Carriers, when advocating this leg-
{slation, was generously supported in crys-
tallising favorable public sentiment by
Tra Bon, both editorially and in its news
columns; and

Whereas in the face of determined op-
Position suecese could not have been
achieved without this favorable public sen-
timent; therefore be it

Resolved, That the New York State Asso-
ciation of the National Association of
Letter Carriers, in convention assembled
at Schenectady, N. Y., July 3, 4, 5, 1918,
extend a vote of thanks and appreciation
to Tas Son for the very valuable assist-
ance rendered {n behalf of the enactment
of thie legisiation; and be it further

Resolved, That.a copy of this resolution
be spread upon the minutes of this con-
vention; @ copy be sent to the Poetal
Record for publication; and a copy be sent
to the editor and publisher of Tas Sun.

LOUIS THE ATHLETE.

In His Youth He Did Everything bat
Beat John L.

To THe Horror or Tugs SuN—Sir: It
is my Intention to prove to the world
that the greatest of poets has been in
his youth a pretty fair all round athlete,
@ marvel in the gymnasium and the
fastest runner of moderate sized men.

When I was 12 I won every football
game at school. No one then could out-
run me, hence, when I got the ball, it
did not leave my hands until I had
passed the goal. At 15 I was strong-
est at the gym, performing feats on the
bars and the rings that older boys could
not do. As to jumping and vaulting —
well, I was the professor there, Stand-
ing jump, always two to three feet
above my head! Distance jump, four-
teen feet. A running jump, twenty-two
feet. Vaulting with a pole, nobody up
to me. Springboard jump produced spon-
taneous uproarious handclapping.

When it came to Iifting welahts, the
boys, after seeing my muscular arms
managing fron dumbbells of sixty and
125 pounds—well, they did not say any-
thing but pleasant words to me.

1 forgot about the prize J received at
13 for fast running from the King of
Saxony. In those days Germany was
civilised and human. I was the only
American who was the winner,
I recall one évening, as I was run-
ning at top speed down the street, when
all of a sudden I felt that my feet
were treading the air, so fast my legs
moved. How blissful is our childhood.
And now!
Keeping my record right through Cor-
nell, after my twentleth year, my triple
art demands precluded much athletic
work, However, L remember a feat or
two out in the Adirondacks. Once at
Keene Valley I decided to walk the
twenty-four miles to Port Henry. Up
hill, through ravines, down a mountain-
side. At last 1 see a chimney against
the sky. “At last!” I screamed. A
turn, a tavern, Utterly fatigued, I fall
upon the stairs. A drink! Rescued. I
had walked eighteen mi'ss in four hours.
Now, as to strength. I was at a bank
{n Wall street to have my check cashed.
On the line right back of me stood a
stocky man. He was about to push me
aside, thinking I was a mese boy, At
once I put my weight on him, straining
my muscles, and not one inch did he
ush me away, but I pushed him away
back. And he grew fierce, while he had
to behave.
After perusing the above I hope the
world will no more link the poet with
an effeminate dandy, but look up to
him as one with supernal strength, se-
renity and sublimity.
Louis M. EILsHEMIUS,

Supreme Spirit of the Spheres.

New York, July 19.

 

The Search for a New Name.

old discussion has been raised
regarding the nanrelessness of these
United States. We share the name
America’ with two continents, and the
name “United States” with the
States of Mexico,” the “United States of
Brazil" and several others.
ourselves the “United States of Almer-
ica’ we could gain a purely distinctive
national name very similar to our pres-
ent one, yet distinct from the name of
Amerigo Vespucct's Chris-
tlan name was originally “Almerie” in
{ts Lombard form. From this form
we might coin the national name “Al-
adjective “Almerican.”
kK, G. Seacke.

July 19.

our continent

merica,”
New York,

To a Son Over There,
Your land's awake, Centurion,

No longer shal! your country be
Lulied in a false security,

O happy you to be her son!

A taper you upon the shrine

Before the righteous God of ali,
And !f—His will!—your candle fall,
It merges in the Light Divine!

Upon the shrine of sacrifice

Milllons of lights they burn to-day,
Illumining the earthly way

That leads you unto Paradise.

In vain the Hun tribes rage of Thor,
Their ancient war god come again,
He hammers on the Front in vain,

Less human than he was of yore,

Your land'a awake! Brave land of lands,
That offers a!) for all that's good,
No break is in our brotherhood,
Crusader in the fighting lands,

Though wistful ia the wife you left—
Love took your !mage as you went,
Another torch from heaven sent,

She, holding it, Is less bereft,

O God of Light, we have no fear,
Already shines our victory,
Ah, hasten it; In pity, see
The meaning of the mother's tear.
Maocnice Francis Boay.

%

 

 

“United |

If we called | and,

 

So

Have More.

To tHe Eprror or THs SuN—Sir: Pres-
ident Wilson's letter to the artist Bern-
hart Wall, dated July 8, 1918, and
printed in yesterday's @uN, in expressing
disapproval of the military uniform in
which the artist had clad the President,
@ays that “the framers of the Constitu-
tion of course reelized that the Presi-
dent would seldom be a soldier,” &c.

The framers of tae Constitution and
the Constitution itself are seldom in
evidence at the present time. When
they are brought to the front and res-
cued from their oblivion, even in so un-
important a matter as g sult of clothes,
would it not be well to have ‘statements
in regard to them made with some de-
gree of accuracy?

Did the framers of the Constitution
realize “of course’ that the President
would seldom be a soldier? What war-
cant is there for such an assertion?

Of the men elected to the office of
President since the formation of the
Government twelve, or one-half of the
entire number, have been sdjdiers.

If human influence repeats itself and
the American army in France comes
out of the war without suffering dis-
aster, we may be sure that civilians in
publio life in thie country will every-
where be set aside and their places
filled by soldiers.

Even in the little war with Spain,
when the politicans tried to prevent such
@ result by shelving Miles and sending
Shafter to the front, Colonel Roosevelt
from his service with the Rough Rid-
ers became the most conspicuous figure
in American life and politics,

What the framers of the Constitution
actually realized they wrote into that
document. A number of Americans still
think it would be wise to return to a
due appreciation of the sagacity of their
realizations. Joun M. CHase.

ATLANTIC City, N. J., July 19.

CRIPPLED WORKERS.

Employers Can Get Competent Men
From the Red Cross.

To THE Evitor oF THe SUN—Sir: Some
of our boys in France will soon return
disabled, The question of finding suita-
ble employment for them faces us now.
It is not difficult to find work for the
man who has lost a leg, provided he
wears an artificial one, but for the man
who has lost an arm jt is not a simple
matter to find a position, except as
watchman, porter, elevator operator or
doorman, since he feels himself just as
capable of holding a clerical position
with one arm ag with two.

There are a number of industrial
cripples in New York city who are capa-
ble of doing clerical work but who can-
not obtain the positions because the em-
ployer {!s unwilling to give them the
chance to make good.

With the present shortage of labor I
seo no reason why the employer should
not be willing to give some of these one
armed men a chance at a clerical job.
If the industrial cripple makes good the
employer wij] be more inclined to give
the returned disabled soldier a chance
to compete with the able bodied man.

If any employer has an opening in his
clerical force for a one armed man I!
shall be glad to put him in touch with
several competent th h physically
handicapped men. Information may be
obtained from me at the Red Cross Insti-
tute, 311 Fourth avenue, New York city.

F. R. BIocier.

 

 

New York, July 19.

 

 

THE MAN IN THE MASK.

The Latest Guess as to the Face Be-
hind Ihe -Velvet.

To tHE Eprror oF Tus Scn—Sir; Mr.
Appleton Morgan's interesting letter in
your issue of July 17 takes for granted
a somewhat antiquated explanation: of
the Man In the Iron Mask. More re-
cent attempts to identify the myste-
rious prisoner lead to the belief that,
far from being the brother of the King,
he was an Italian priest sent from
France to instruct Charles II. of Eng-
land in the Catholic faith. Circum-
etances put him in possession of some
state secrets of Anglo-French diplomacy
and his imprisonment was meant to
obviate the dangers that would arise
from any Indiscreet talking on his part.

Every other hypothesis thus far ad-
vanced has been disproved. How long
this theory will hold the fleld we can-
not know. But the brilliant defence of
it made by Monsignor Barnes of ox: |
ford will be hard to upset.

RICHMOND, July 19 JosePH EGAN.

HOW'S a “POET MADE?

Cleero Again Called to tha Stand as an
Expert Witness.

To rHe Epitor oF THE SuN—Sir; May

I join the ranks of the many who will

doubtless unlimber their typewriters to

remind Mr. lorns that {in the same

To THe F2piror or THe SunN—-Str: The | speech in which (Cicero uttered the ad-
anew | mirable sentiment quoted,

he also says:
“This is the testimony of savants, that
while success in other pursuits is the
result of a skill acquired by attention

to rules, the poet is a direct product of
nature, played upon by mental forces, |
if I may so express it, filled with

the very breath of deity.”
This passage is not cited by way of
controversy; read in their context,
both the quotations are consistent; but
Cicero does pretty plainly intimate
that the ellk purse industry would lan-
guish were sows’ ears its only raw
material. Yet, the same is true of finer
stuff than those organs to which the
gruntings of the wearer's bristly spouse
sound sweet as the ringdove's cooing
to hie mate: Cicero himself, the erudite,
the intellectual, the Henry Cabot Lodge
of his day, wrote verses which he
hugely enjoyed, but tn spite of which,
and not because of which, his reputation
has survived so long PEDANT.
LAKEVILLE, Conn,, July

 

19

THE IRONIC TAR. |
|

He Examines His Costume With Evi-
dent Satisfaction.

To THE Epitor or Tur SuN—Sir:
read with much feeling and el
tion the sweet suggestions of a corre-
spondent that you published a few days
ago in regard to our sailor's costume.

My great-grandfather piloted a Ho- |
boken ferry in 1820, and as al descend- |
ant of such proud naval ancestry it is)
only natural that I should be Intertested |
In the appearance of our dear “boys in
blue.” TI sudmitted a dainty suggestion |
for a mauve dickey to be worn by our
dashing sailors, but my dear captain |
frowned on the idea,

Nevertheless, I entirely agree with
“Constant Reader,” and think we look
quite horrid in our nasty undershirts,
AN OLD Sar. |

New York, July 19.

 

/

—_—_—_—__,

 

THE POLITICAL SLAUGHTER OF AMER.
ICAN INDUSTRIES.

 

Commodore Benedict's Opinion ef the Legisiation Needed to Develop Our
Full National Strength.

 

Legislation in this country, both
State and national, which has been
enacted in the past sixty years seema
to have been aimed at the placing
of fetters upon our progress in every
direction and defeating our obtaining
the full value of our abounding riches.
It has been truly stated that our
statesmen seem to consider thrift a

crime and they are doing their utmost
to kill the geese that lay the golden
eggs.

First and foremost came our bank-
ing laws, which were the laughing
stock of civilized nations while they
lasted—the legal tender outlaw under
which our Government was a shame-
less repudiator for sixteen and a
half years. The effect of this is seen
to-day in the advertisements of bonds
for sale by States, cities and large
corporations, which buyers recognize
and decline to buy unless the sellers
promise payment in gold. Then fol-
lowed the inequitable revenue laws.

Sixty years ago our merchant
marine was the monarch of the seas.
Our foreign trade was almost wholly
under the Stars and Stripes, increas-
ing ™® wealth and ships with inherent
strength only. Only an occasional
Cunarder or other English vessel was
then seen in New York Harbor. Our
railroads were very prosperous. Their
systems were expanding rapidly, at-
tracting vast foreign capital in their
extension. Foreign capital has shunned
us of late years.

Since then our statesmen have
completely driven our shipping from
the seas, the last Iine—the Pacific
Mail Steamship Company—giving way
to a Japanese steamship company,
now making millions of dollars out of
that abandoned field.

Not satisfied with this slaughter,
their attention was directed to the
railroads, and in 1865, having no other
help than their own credit werranted
and having had the prairies of the
West gridironed by railroads to which
they had not contributed one dollar,
they enacted the Potter law in Wis-
consin reducing the rates of 4 or 6
cents a mile for passengers, and 2
cents a ton a mile for freight 50 per
cent. Other Republican and Demo-
cratic States followed suit, as no one
could be elected to office who could
not exhibit the scalp of @ corporation
in hie belt or promise to get one there
if elected. This resulted, as the
records show, in bankrupting about
75 per cent. of the western and south-
ern railroads, As some more fortu-
nately situated systems survived to
prove to them and to others thet there
was a punishment after death frail-
road commissions were appointed to
reduce rates on all and to advance
wages, the result of which is pain-
fully manifest everywhere to-day.

Thus our vast and highly prosper-
ous trarisportation systems on sea and
on land are reduced to beggary and
our Government is now forced to sup-
ply prodigious amounts to keep our
railroads running and our foreign
commerce afloat, which would have
been wholly unnecessary but for the
legislation described. To provide this
needed money coarse, untried and in-
explicable laws have lately been
passed and some important ones made
changeable at the option of inexperi-
enced officials. ‘Two distinct classes
of citizens have been created in this
land of equal rights—those who have |
and those who have not, the former
class forced to cut their prices 10, 20,
30, 40 or even 50 per cent, to favor)
the latter class, producing such horror
and dismay throughout our business
communities that no man in business
can make any safe calculation where}
he is going to land if he proceeds. So!
the vast sources which naturally
would provide our great transporta-
tion systems with business are being
dried up.

However, nothing demonstrates the
vast riches of this nation or the
strength of its people better than to}
see how they have survived the havoc |
their statesmen have made, not alone |
in their response to appeals to aid in |
raising colossal amounts for eur war
and its charities, but in advancing
$5,000,000,000 to assist our Allies and
prodigious sums for charities which
began at our homes but which do not
end there.

Now this war, all admit, is to end
Kaiserism for all time and bring peace
on earth for an ynlimited period. So
it must and will end, for that vigorous,

prizefighting Kaiser is in the ring
with twenty-four nations after his
pean). and I am citing they wilh get

TO GERMAN “STATESMEN. ;

 

A Message That Comes From the
Heart of America.

To THE Ep:ton or THe SuN—Sir: Tel |
JKuehimann, Hertling, Burian and all the

rest of the Hohenzollern gang to shut up |

We are not interested in their peace
terms, Just now we are occupied in|
} feeding them up with their own medi- |
cine, When they think they have had,
enough, let them all yell ‘Kamerad”
good and loud, then they may have the
privilege of listening to our peace terms

The longer they delay, the more op-
portunity they give us fr studying their

idea of peace as,applied to Russia and
Rumania, also the proposed terms the
junkers would apply to us in the event
of thelr winning the war. We may be
guided somewhat by it What's sauce
for the goose should be sauce for the
sander We should have to eliminate
the devilish part, of course, but not to
count on our being too easy marks. We
know with whorn we a@re dealing.
KINGSTON, July 19 E. G. A.

France No Place for Car Rowdles.

To THe Eopiror oF Tie Sun—Sir: In
sentencing two street car rowdies who

|

were brought before him Magistrate |
Healy said to them, upon their stating |
that they were to be taken for the
draft army this week:

You are not fit to wear the uniform of |
the United States. You are not decent |
enough to be sent to France, A term in

 

the workhouse would heip you to unider-
stand disoipline

These are cheering words and con-¥y

ceived in a fine discrimination
Our army has no place for cowardly |
Street car rowdies Neither is France |
any place for them, for France has no
‘ rowdles James |), Dewees, Jr
New Haven, Conn,, July 19

For His Spare Time,

Knicker -The mercury {s going up
Bocker—Some tubes for McAdoo to take
over.

| ing.

| thereof tn the

it. Few will disagree with our Pres.
dent that prompt, efficient legislation
must be enacted without delay. pre.
vious financial legisiation is an irk.
some failure. The President also truly
says “Politica is, adjourned.” Thig
opens a wide door for practical
finance. I invite you in to listen to a
few suggestions.

It seems to be the duty of this gen.
eration to put its whole strength into
the fearful conflict, but let me ask
why future generations should not
bear their full share of its burdens. It
is etated that the President favors
raising 40 per cent, of the war cost
this year, leaving the other 60 per
cent. to be raised by bonds. I think
10 per cent would be our full share of
the benefits from this war, and there.
fore we should bear only 10 per cent.
of its cost, leaving 90 per cent. for fu-
ture generations to bear, which could
easily be raised by taxes, as outlined
in the following:

It is estimated that the ownership
of real estate in civilized countries
changes on the average every ten
years, Place a stamp tax of one-half
per cent. on the sale and transfer of
ours of the value of $100 and over. [
have not at hand records to ascertain
what amount this would bring in, dut
it would be aimply enormous To
make sure of a sufficient return place
@ tax stamp on every sale of personal
property, as is done in England and
France on some articles, adjusting it
fairly to the value of each article of
$10 or over. Just fmagine what an
overfiowing treasury we should have
from both of these sources, If found
too great reduce the taxes at the next
Congress; if found insufficient add
slightly to the rate of tax. Repeal
all other forms of taxation, except the
tariff taxes, which might remain, even
protective ones, so as to please some
of our Repudlican friends who have
not yet realised the absurdities and
unfairness of such taxes. But they
ought to realize that the best protec-
tion for everybody is free trade, ex-
cept for some baby industries which
should be spanked and put to bed
without their suppers. The expense
of collecting this stamp tax would be
almost nil—like postage etamps, which
tax should be continued,

Another glaring fault in the legisla-
tion of our great, free country is its
incongruity in inviting the people of
all nations to come here and enjoy our

| blessings and then forcing an open

door into China and a closed one here.
Every one must admit that the zenith
of a country's prosperity is reached
when its capital can no longer employ
its labor to advantage. I think our
railroads and almost every other im-
portant industry have reached this
point. What will be the condition
when 6,000,000 of our toilers are sent
to the war? We are very near to a
despotism of labor, and will reach it
unless we can open our doors to the
only supply available—-China. There
can be had an unlimited supply of the
best and most honest labor in the
world, in the house and out of it, aa all
who have used it can testify, and for
one reason better than all, it does not
want to vote. France and other coun-
tries are encouraging Chinese tmmi-
gration. I have been told that ‘Sand-
lot’’ Kearney of California, who pro-
cured the closed door here, became ric!
end applied to his Japanese and
Chinese neighbors to heip him gather
his crops, but they gathered their own
and let his perish. He then deplored
his former action and desired its re-
peal, and his desire has lately been fo

|} lowed in meetings at Sacramento anid

other places at which resolutions were
passed asking Congress to let in 500
000 Chinese to help to gather tie
crops. We need the California crops
now and all other crops in our country
I appeal to our Congressman, wo
have had a very arduous session ail
are anxious to get home and escajs
the heat of the summer, to repeal ail
other financial legislation, except as
stated, and authorize the sale of 1/9
year 414 per cent. bonds to supply
any deficiency of income. Then re
peal the Chinese exclusion act, &
home and leave our vast commercial
and business enterprises to tle
natural channels, and peaceful an
prodigious présperity will surely conv
As there is very little politics in the
foregoing suggestions, our Congress
men need not fear to /face their «
stituents in the fall elections if acted

}

upon favorably, E. C, Benepw
INDIAN Harspor, GREENWICH, Conn,
July 19.

 

ANTS KILL COOTIES.

Veteran Tells of an Important Pis-
covery in Cuba.

To THE Evitor or
have seen so much in the papers about

THE Sus Fierk

the cooties in the army,
in Cuba during the Spanish-Amercs
war and we found such ast}
remedy for getting rid of them | t)ouglt
I would write and give {t «9 others
might profit by our experience

We found that all we had to do w
our clothes that were infested w
these annoying pesta was to take them
off and lay them on the ground « a
there was an ant heap and the » 4
would clean them of the pests {1
few minutes, eating up not
live cooties but all the nits as we

We got ours going over on t
ports and = discovered thie sonpla
remedy shortly after landing .
Spread over the regiment very
and we were bothered no mor:

and as I was

; Not know whether there are u
| France,

but if the soil is sand
should be, and I think this wo:
You might publish this or resorts

} and publish it so that our
) Profit by it.

A SPANIBH WaR VETFI«?
New York, July 19.

CREDIT TO MR. WILSON

He Certainly Is Not Ignoring the Ine
tricate Russian Situation

To THE Epiror or Tue Stun Si!
face of the apparent inexplica
tation and inaction of the United res
Government and the inevitable
matter of sanct!
expedition of the allied army into |

sin, let oredit be given to Preside st \
son for knowing a thing or two

There can be no doubt he is fully a6
to the Russian situation and t» a
treatment it de:nands in the best i:'
ests of Russia and of the Allies. Lets
trust him. Tv. BW.

New York, July 19,

sn ilmi sie caeiiinbna athe

RESTLESS