eee a 7 dA Tene ee

TUESDAY, JULY 11, 1905.

owers and cooler to-day and to-morrow. \

 

 

PRICE TWO CENTS.

 

 

 

 

VOL, LXXIL—
MAYBE HOOKER WILL GO FREE

 

Doubt Expressed That Two-thirds of the
Legisiators Will Vote for His Re-
moval—His Plea of Not Guilty Taken

and the Trial Hegun—Rules Adopted.

ALBANY} July 10.--The hearing before the
Legislature on the charges originally pre-
ferred by Bar associations against Supreme
Court Justice Warren 8. Hooker will begin
to-morrow morning. To-day's session was
devoted to the adoption of rules of proce-
dure to govern the conduct of the hearing
and the reading of the answer of Justice
Hooker to the charges against him.

When the Legislature met in extraordi-
nary session on dune 21 it waa the common
opinion that a resolution for the removal of
Justice Hooker could not be passed, owing
to the expected failure to get two-thirds of
the members of the two houses to vote for
it, When the Legislature again met on
June 28 the sentiment among the members
eeamed to have shifted, and it was generally
conceded that the Legislature would pass
a ,esolution of removal. To-day this senti-
ment seemed to have vanished, atid it was
apparent that Justice Hooker's friends in
the Legislature, from Speaker Nixon down}
hope that the situation will so shape iteelf
that a resolution of removal will fail of
passage, with the burden of responsibility
falling on no one in particular.

A friend of Justice Hooker, in discussing
the situation to-night, said: “There are
quite a number of lawyers in the Legislature
who say that, while they think Justice
Hooker has no right to sit on the bench,
they dislike to vote for his removal on
the ground that it will establish a precedent
that some day may do considerable harm.”

Justice Hooker's answer to the charges
formulated against him is considered as
indicative of the hopes he and his counsel
have that the Legislature will fail to remove
him. In this answer Justice Hooker not
only questions the jurisdiction of the Legis-
lature to act on the charges presented under
the section of the constitution upon which
{t is proposed to remove him, but makes a
general denial of all of the charges.

Fach house was called to meet at 12
o'clock to separately consider the rules of
procedure. They were to meet in joint
session at 1 o'clock. The consideration of
the rules of procedure had taken so much
time that it was not until after 1 o’ciook
that the Senators marched into the As-
sembly chamber and took seats in the well.
‘There was no sign about the Capitol of Jus-
tice Hooker or of his counsel. This had
caused considerable comment, for there were
many rumors floating about that the acoused
Justice had tendered his resignation to the
Governor.

At 1:30 o'clock Lieut.-Gov. Lynn Bruce
directed the Senate clerk to call the name
of Justice Hooker. The clerk called: “War-
ren B. Hooker.” The silence that followed
this was very marked, Every member
sat with ears wide open to oatch the answer
to the summons to appear before the bar of
the Legislature, There was mo response,
and members looked at one another in
amazement.

“Has he decided to default?” they asked.

“Warren B, Hooker,” called the clerk
again, and again no response.

“The clerk will note on the journal the
default toanswer,” directed the Lieutenante
Governor.

Speaker Nixon looked about in surprise.
It was plain that he knew nothing about
this strange procedure. But Senator
Brackett arose and said:

“I think it will be wise before noting the
default to get into communication with
his counsel to ascertain if the default is
intentional or not. I don’t want to have
to take part in a debate to open the de-
fault.”

A messenger went to the telephone and
called up the Hotel Ten Eyck. The mes-
sage he brought back was that neither
Justice Hooker nor any of his attorneys
waa at the hotel. Five minutes after the
name had been called and no response had
been received former Supreme Court Justice
W. W. Goodrich of Brooklyn was espied in
the chamber, looking as if he had hurried.
He was asked where his client was and he
said that the Justice and his counsel were
on their way to the Capitol, having been
delayed. The friends of Justice Hooker
heaved a great sigh of relief. Other mem-
hers of the Legislature, however, were
angry to think that he had presumed to
ignore the time that he was directed to make
answer to the charges, and those who had
reen complaining about being brought back
.o Albany in this hot weather became
angrier than ever. But within a few
minutes Justice Hooker was seen coming
into the chamber, accompanied by John B.
Stanchfield and Lewis E. Carr, his attor-
neys

Again the name was called, and in a firm
voice Justice Hooker answered: “Present.”

“Are you represented by counsel?” asked
Lieut.-Gov. Bruce.

“I am,” was the reply.

“The clerk will note the names of his
counsel,” said the Lieutenant-Governor.

Mr. Stanchfleld handed the names to the
clerk. In addition to himself and Mesers:
Carr and Goodrich, his counsel will be
W. E. Kisselberg and W. B. Hoyt of Buffalo.
They were his attorneys before the Assem-
bly Judiciary Committee.

“Have you prepared an answer to the
charges?” asked Mr. Bruce.

“I have,” answered Mr. Stanchfleldy
handing his answer to the clerk, who read
It as follows:

This respondent avers that he is a Justice
of the Supreme Court of the State of New
York and in person comes before the honor-
éble Legislatureand denies that there is any

‘ne, misdemeanor or offense generally or
bartioularly alleged in the aforesaid charges
to which he is or ean be bound by law to make
answer ‘The respondent reserves to him-
self both now and at all times hereafter the
right to make such exception as he may be
advised asto the sufficiency of the said charges
and each of them, and likewise to the defects
therein appearing as matter of law and pro-
testing that he ought not to bein any way or
nanner prejudiced by the forins of this his
Answer, Ho denies each and every allegation
‘nthe said charges contained and the infer-
enees, designs and intentions charged to flow
‘heresrom, and avers that each and every one
© the acts that he did in the premises was
rin the faithful, honest and conscientious
Stcharge of his duty, both asa citizen and

Continued on Third Page.

20TH CENTH RY- 1X HOURS--CHICAGO.
ir he 2th Century Limited of the New York Cen-
tral Lines leaves New York daily at 3:30 P. M.,
at ctcaga §.30 next morning, Returning leaves
4 yy Ake Vin Lake Share 2:90 8: M., due Mew York
‘ue next morning, To secure best accommoda-

bs, reservations should be made early.—Ade.

done

 

 

DIDN'T SALUTE OUR FORTS.

So No American Officers at Baltinore Have
Visited the French Crutser.

BaLTiMoRE, July 10.~-As a result of
strained official relations between (ol.
Frank Thorpe, commandant at Fort Howard
and Capt. Gervais of tha French cruiser
Jurien de la Graviere, which came into port
last week on a friendly visit, no officer
of the artillery district of Baltimore has yet
stepped aboard the French vessel or doffed
his hat to its commander.

This failure to exchange courtesies is
the outgrowth of a technica! misunder-
standing. When the big French ship arrived
last week Forta Howard, Smallwood, Armi-
stead and Carroll were passed without
the slightest recognition in the form of an
official salute from the warship.

Upon dropping anchor almost off Fort
McHenry, a practically obsolete fortifica-
tion so far as military importance is con-
cerned, the big guns of the Jurien de la
Graviére boomed out a salute which was
responded to at Fort Howard, the head-

 

quarters of Col. Thorpe, commandant of |

the artillery district.

Lieut.-Col. Crawford's headquarters are
at Fort McHenry and a day or two follow-
ing the Frenchman’s arrival in port, Capt.
Gervais and his aide, Lieut, Jules Cayrol,
who acts as interpreter for his chief, made
an Official call upon Lieut.-Col, Crawford
and were most hospitably received. The
officers of the local post prepared to return
the visit attired in full uniform, the Lieu-
tenant-Colone]l heading the procession.
Just as they were about to leave the post
the order was promulgated that no officer
could visit the wership, ax the Captain of
that vessel had failed to comply with the
strict rules of naval etiquette by ignoring
Col. Thorpe.

The French officer is either unaware of
the misunderstanding or unconcerned.

BONAPARTE ON DISHONESTY.

Secretary ef the Navy, a Catholio, Ad-
dresses Christian Endeavorers.

Bavtimone, July 10.—One of the largest
audiences that have yet attended any of the
meetings of
Endeavor convention was present at the
armory this afternoon to hear the address
of Secretary of the Navy Charles J. Bona-
parte, which was the feature of the day.
Special interest centered in the addreas of
Mr, Bonaparte because of the fact that he
is a prominent Catholic and this was the firat

 

instance in the history of the united society |

where a representative from a Catholic
church addressed a convention. 4

Mr. Bonaparte’s subject was “Purity in
Politics and Christianity,” and in the course
of his remarks he said:

“The underlying evil in the administration
of our public affairs is simply dishonesty.
Our public offices are too often held by dis-
honest men, too often used for dishonest
ends.

“Of cou I do not mean that all or a
majority or even any large number of our
officials take public moneys or fraudu-
lently waste public property or in any way
cause penitentiaries to yawn for, them:
Such instances are indeed much more fre-
quent than they should be, Hut fe may be
doubted whether the proportion of down-
right thieves among the people's servants ia
larger than among those of private masters.
The great bulk of Americansin public employ
wish and intend to do their duty, but agrave
and mischievous, though very common,
confusion of ideas as to what is their duty
makes the best of them sometimes fail to
do it, and permits the worst often to neglect
it with impunity.”

DIVORCE FROM BOKER-BAKER

Geught by Artist's Wife, Who Says He Has
Left Her for Heten Newell.

Alfred Z. Baker, artist and illustrator
for comic papers, is being sued for a divorde
by Mary B. Baker, to whom he was married
on August 30, 1896. Baker is at present
in Paris, working for Le Rire, and he will
be served by publication.

Mrs. Baker accuses her husband of
adultery with Helen Newell, with whom,
she adds, he is now living in Paris. Mra.
Baker swears that according to her in-
formation her husband and Helen Newell
sailed together on the steamship Pennsyl-
vania in February last, Baker being regis-
tered as Mr. Boker, and having a state-
room adjoining that of Mrs. Newell. Mra,
Baker says further that Clarence Stetson,
who recently returned from Franoe, has told
her that he found Baker living at 15 Rue
d’Alesia, in Paris, with Mrs. Newell, whom,
it is alleged, Baker represents to be his
wife.

Baker had a studio at 105 East Seventeenth
street in this city until he sailed.

THREATENS LICK OBSERVATORY.

Fire on the Mountain-— Astronomers Send
for Help.

San Josf#, Cal., July 10.—-A forest fire
which broke out on the border line between
Stanislaus and Santa Clara counties on
Saturday had spread to-day so far up the
slopes of Mount Hamilton that Lick Ob-
gervatory astronomers telegraphed to Gov.
Pardee to call out Company B of the San
José militia to help to fight the flames.
The fire is only eight miles from the ob-
servatory,and as the mountain is covered
with a growth of scrub oak and greasewood
almost to the summit the little settlement
of astronomers, as well as observatory
buildings, may be endangered. With a
strong wind from the west it will take much
work to check the flames, as the whole
country is as dry as tinder.

DIVORCE FOR MRS. A. T. BAKER.

Her Husband One of Those Who Salled
the Hildegarde.

PHILADELPHIA, July 10.—To Mrs, Mary
0. Pemberton, Baker to-day was granted
a divorce from her husband, Alfred Thorn-
ton Baker, in Common Pleas Court No. 5.

The divorce proceedings, which were
begun some time ago by Mrs. Paker against
her husband on a charge of desertion,
have interested both Philadelphia and
New York society, in which cities the
farnilies are known. Mrs. Baker was Miss
Mary O. Pemberton, a member of one of
this city’s oldest and most aristocratic
families. She is a sister of Mrs. Frank
Dade, Mrs. Hobart Hare and Mrs. Harry
Keller.

Mr. and Mrs. Baker have two sons, Thorn-
ton and Hobart, who are at present stu-
denta at St.i Paul's School, Concord,
N. H. Mr. Baker, who is an enthusiastic
yachtaman and spends much of his time
at sea, is at present traveling in Europe.
He is a member of the Corinthian Yacht

 

 

 

Club and was one of those who sailed the ! ]
it recently competed | be met by the battleshi

Hildegarde when
for the Kaiser's cup.

Misa Frances Rawle Pemberton, now
Mrs. Frank Cadwalader Dade, was form-
erly on the stage.

the International Christian |

|

 

|

 

‘admiral

 

JEROME 10 STUDY EQUITABLE

WHILE HE READS TESTIMONY
GANS WILL RUN OFFICE,

 

 

Conference With Attorney-General Mayer
Yesterday —Mr. Hyde Wants to Help
3 Along Sults to Recover Profits From
Directors -May Force Out Twenty.

District Attorney Jerome had a confer-
ence with Attorney-General Mayer yester-
day on the Equitable scandal. The meet-
ing took place in Delmonico's downtown
restaurant, and the news of it quickly spread
through the Wall
@ recurrence of the anxiety that was feit
in a good many quarters upon Mr. Jerome's

last visit downtown on Equitable affairs, |

just before he started for the West.

Mr. Jerome had not expected to meet the
Attorney-General, but when he did run on
to him he insisted upon having a conference
right away.

“Come on, Julius. Let's dine together;
let’s let the ple see us and insurrect the
public mind,” Was the way Mr. Jerome put
it to the Attorney-General.

Mr. Mayer explained that he was at lunch-
eon upstairs with two friends, Samuel Unter-
myer, counsel for James Hazen Hyde, and

| Edward Lauterbach, who is representing |

ex-President Jarnes W. Alexander, and he
invited Mr. Jerome to join the party. With
the District Attorney was his assistant,
Howard Gans, who is to be Acting District
Attorney this week, while Mr. Jerome
devotes his entire time to the Equitable, and
he also was ivcluded in the party.

In the course of the luncheon Equitable
affairs were discussed in a general way
and Mr. Jerome took occasion to jolly Mr.
Unéermyer and Mr. Lauterbach a little.

“Well, Julius,” said he to the Attorney-
General, “we'll put afl the guNty ones in
Sing Sing first, and then if things aren't
right there, why of course we can arrange
to have them moved to other jails later.”

It was not, however, until
counsel and Mr. Lauterbach had left that
the District Attorney entered into serious
talk with Mr. Mayer. The Attorney-
General told Mr. Jerome as fully as he was
able the contents of the volume of testimony
given by the Equitable officials on which
the Hendricks report was based.

Mr. Jerome will put his assistant, Mr.Gans,

in charge of his office and relieve himself
as inuch as possible from other work while

he studies the testimony in the Hendricks |

report. He may go to his home at Lake-
ville, Conn.; to study the testimony, but
if he does he will be in town off and on to
hold conferences with persons interested
in the Equitable scandal. It was said yes-
terday that Mr. Jerome, before he got
through with his examination of the Hen-
dricks testimony, would probably have had
most of the persons accused by the State
Superintendent of Insurance before him
to answer questions.

The purpose of Samuel Untermyer’s
conference with the Attorney-General at
Delmonico’s was to arrange for any ser-
vice of papers that Mr. Mayer might,de-
sire to make on Mr. Hyde during Mr. Unter-
myer's absence in Europe. He sails to-day
on the Kaiser Wilhelm II. and will be away
until the middle of September. To facili-
tate the trialof any action that might be
brought Mr. Hyde, Mr. Untermyer said,
would waive all teohnicalities.

The action againat Mr. Hyde, as well
as similar actions against other directors
who stand accused of having wrongfully
pocketed profits from transactions withthe
Equitable, will probably be begun some
time next week. Mr. Mayer announced
yesterday that he expected to knéw defi-
nitely before the latter part of next week
what directors he would name in his suits.
These actions will be brought individually,
but it was learned any action which the At-
torney-General may take to compel directors
to retire from the board will be general in
form. There will be no discriminating
among those who have violated section 36
of the insurance law, which makes forfeiture
of office and disqualification the penalty.
It was said yesterday that such an action
would hit between fifteen and twenty di-
rectors.

District Attorney Jerome on his way
back to his office after the conference in
Delmonico’s stopped in at the Equitable
Building. When he was questioned in
regard to his presence there, he said he
had merely dropped in out of the wet.
Chairman, Morton and Gage FE. Tarbell,

with whom Mr. Jerome conferred before |

starting on his Western trip, denied that
he had called on them.

Mr. Morton was asked whether the evi-
dence which the public accountants now
at work on the Equitable books under his
direction obtained would be turned over to
District Attorney Jerome, and he replied
that that would depend on what the nature
of the evidence was. Mr. Morton added:

“The accountants are going through the
society's records most thoroughly, and
there will be nothing about the society
that isn't known to us when they finish.”

When asked whether the resignation
of Archibald C. Haynes as general manager
for this city was going to affect the society's
business seriously in New York, Mr. Mor-
ton said:

“No man is bigger than the Equitable
society.”

The trustees of the Thomas F. Ryan stock,
Grover Cleveland, Justice Morgan J. O'Brien
and George Westinghouse, met yesterday
at the Hotel Buckingham to continue their
consideration of names suggested for the
nineteen vacant places on the board of
directors. They had nothing to say for
publication. They will come together again
to-day, when it is expected that they will
complete the list. The announcement of
the names, however, will not be made until
they have been accepted by the bogrd of
directors at a special meeting, to be called
next week. :

Pau) D. Cravath, one of Thomas F. Ryan's
counsal, made one or two attempts yester -
day to see the District Attorney. It was
said last night that a meeting had been
arranged between them for to-day. Mr.
Cravath called at the District Attorney's
office while Mr. Jerome was in Kansas, but
it was said at that time that his visit had
nothing to do with Equitable affairs,

 

TO CONVOY PAUL JONES,
Battleship Fleet Will Meet Sigsbee's |

Squadron Of the Virginia Capes.

WasHinaTton, July 10.—When Admiral
Sigsbee's fleet, bringing the body of John
Paul Jones, arrives off Fort Monroe it will
‘squadron of the
North Atlantic fleet, under the command of
Admiral Evans, and received with full
honora, including the salute.

Admiral Evans’ squadron will convoy

Sigsbee'’s squadron up Cheea-

Insist upon having Burnett's Vanilla.—Adr. ; peake Bay to the anchorage off Annapolis.

]

Street district, causing |

Mr. Hyde's |

 

GOV. DOUGLAS HELD UP.

evegginciameen
Summoned to Court for Alleged Violation,

of Speed Law,

Buzzarps Bay, Mass., July 10.-Charged
with overspeeding his automobile through
the streets of this village, Gov. William L.
Douglas was held up by the officers sta-
tioned on the eighth of a mile stretch of
highway between the railroad station and
post office late yesterday afternoon and
summoned to appear before the district

| court in Barnstable on July 12.

Gov. Douglas was not driving his big

touring car at the time, having but a few

| moments before given up the wheel to his |

| son-in-law, Mr. Richmond.

| Gov. Douglas, with his wife, daughter
| and son-in-law, left his summer home at
| Monument Beach late in the afternoon
j to enjoy the evening breezes along the
upper bay shore. Acdording to the state-
| ment of Mr. Richmond the car was running
about eight miles an hour when the officers
jumped out into the middle of the road

and stopped the party.

ee

| early morning, had been kept busy holding
| up drivers of touring cars and other auto-
mobiles, and when the car containing Gov.
| Douglas and his party came up the road
| they called a halt. i

| Gov. Douglas did not say anything.
Mr. Richmond asked the officers if they
| had not made a mistake in taking the time,
| as the speedometer showed only about eight
i miles an hour. ‘The officers said that they
had not made any mistake, that the ma-
chine was exceeding the speed limit, and
| that they muet do their duty and summon
the owner into court.

AUTO PLUNGES INTO RIVER.

ene
Oceupants Cheerful After Bath- -Trolley
| Cars and Crowd Drag Machine Out.

 

Paterson, N. J., July 10.—An autoist
riding along the Passaio River to-day with
a woman companion lost control of his
steering gear near Laurel Cemetery and
turned the machine into the river, which
at this point is very shallow. Before
the man, who waa excited, could shut off
the power the auto was fifty feet from
shore in five feet of water. Both occu-
pants of the auto, which was numbered
“10083, New Jersey,” were drenched before
they made shore.

A crowd soon collected and fifty hands
pulled on a hawser that was attached to the
hind axle of the auto by a farmer.
auto could not be budged. Then a trolley
car hitched on and also failed to move the
| machine. Another car hove in sight, and

with the aid of the two trolley cars and the

increasing crowd that came to the river-
fe to learn the trouble the auto was

 

rought to shore. Meanwhile the woman
autoist was seated ona porch of a farmhouse
overlooking the river watching the efforts

of the auto rescuers. While her clothing

was being dried she wore a gingham dress |

|
| several sizes too large for her.

| The auto was not damaged. It went
away vader its own power, the occupants
| getting a loud cheer from 200 throats for
the cheerful manner in which they had
taken their bath and attendant troubles.
The occupants refused to give their names.

ee ee ne

| HANNAH ELIAS SELLS A HOUSE.

| Syndicate Gets 168 West Seventyvsecond
| Street for About 860,000.
| Hannah Elias, the colored woman, who
got enough money out of John R. Platt to
acquire a fine holding of real estate has sold
the house at 106 West Seventy-second
street. It is a four story dwelling in the
southern block between Columbus avenue
| and Broadway.
| cate represented by Slawson & Hobbs,
| which is buying up all the available houses
|inthe block with a view to altering them
| into stores and offices.
| Seventy-second street is one of the most
| attractive residence streets on the Weat
| Side. However, the subway station at
| Broad way and the elevated station at Col-
umbus avenue have so Increased traffic
| between those points that the block is ex-
pected to be taken up wholly for business
' use before long.
| It is said that the Ellas house brought
| about $60,000. Other properties owned by
| the Elias woman are 236 Central Park West,
138 West Fifty-third street and 73 West
| Sixty-eighth street.

 

 

| PO TAKE AWAY IFRISH SEATS.
Plun for Redistribution in British Parita-
ment Will Be Fought.,
Special Cable Despatch to THB Sun.
LONDON, July 10.—It has long been a
notorious fact that the distribution of

 

needed revision owing to the changes in
the population since the last distribution,
but successive governments avoided the
thorny question. .

The Government has now drafted a
scheme which, embodied in a resolution,
wit be moved in the House of Commons
to-morrow by Gefald Balfour, President
of the Board of Trade. The scheme does
not alter the total membership of the House
materially, but redistributes the repre-
sentation in such a manner that England
will gain seventeen sedts, Scotland four
and Wales one, while Ireland will lose twen-
ty-two.

The proposals will be hotly contested
by the Liberals and the Irish members.

GIRL MAN.

 

CATCHES A BUNCO

Finds Him tn Police Court, Where She Had
Gone te Tell Her Troubtes.

A young woman who said she was Nettie
Eisner of 60 Avenue B, while in the Fssex
Market polioe court yesterday waiting to see
the Magistrate, told Miss Annie Doyle, the
probationary officer, that she had been
swindled out of a diamond ring and a gold
watch the night before in Aveue C,

She said a young man etopped her and
showed her a box full of glittering gems,
which he offered for $85. He said they were
the proceeds of a robbery in St. Louis.
She had only $5 with her, but the man,
| noticing her diamond ring and watch,
| sald: “Well, let me have the jewelry. I
|

 

| will call @round to-morrow and collect the
balance and refund your jewelry.”

The deal wae closed and in the morning
she took her bargain to a pwnbroker to
have it appraised. He offe her 30 cents
for it.

Just as she got through telling her story,
she pointed to a man in the courtroom
and said: “Why, that’s the man.”

Miss Doyle grabbed him and marched
| him into the prisoners’ inclosure.
| He deseribed himself at Max Bender of

ated her
nder was

 

 

21 Avenue C. The woman re
story to Magistrate Wahle and

| held for examination.

! — ——
i The Second Empire.

A new fast train on the N. Y. Central leaves
Grand Central Station 1:57 P. M., arrives Albany
4:52, Utloa 6:47, Syracuse 8:00, Rochester, 9:33, Buf-
falo 11:10 P. M, N® excess Fare.—Adr.

 

 

 

 

The officers, who had been on duty since |

The | Admiral Kruger of the Russian Navy, did |

The purchaser is a syndi- |

parliamentary seats in the British Isles |

 

| SHOOT DOWN THEIR OFFICERS

FIRING SQUAD SHIFTS AIM FROM
CONDEMNED COMRADES.

 

 

Muttny at Libau When Prisoners Are Lined
Up for Exécution—Cossacks Called On
—Thirty Kill Before Order Is Re-
stored--OMicér Slatin at Cronstadt.

Special Cable Despatch to THB SUN.
Lonbon, July 11. —According to the
Morning P. at, after the mutineers who took
| part in the recent outbreak at Libau were

overpowered, twenty-three of them were
| sentenced to be shot. A half dozen had
| vse executed, when an increase in the
'
|
|
|
|

mutiny induced the commandant to post-
pone the execution of the remainder while
he telegraphed to St. Petersburg for in-
structions. He received orders to shoot
all the prisoners.

| Aocordingly a shooting party was formed
| and another batch of mutineers was drawn
| up, but upon receving the command to fire
} the firing squad turned and shot their offi-
cers, killing a doven of them.

A detachment of Cossacks, who had been
held in reserve, were instantly ordered
to overpower the firing squad, but they
met with resistance and a flerce fight fol-
lowed. Twenty or thirty Cossacks were
killed before the mutineers were quelled.

Another incident illustrating the pre-
vailing mutinous spirit occurred at Cron-
stadt. An offloer there shot and killed a
naval reservist for refusing to obey an
order, whereupon eight of the reseryist’s
comrades set upon. the officer and stabbed
him to death with their bayonets. The
mutineers will undoubtedly be executed.

POTEMKIN SINKS IN HARBOR.

Mutineers Opened Sea Cocks Before They
Left the Battleship.
Special Cable Déapatch to Tuy Sun,
KuSreNDsE, Bumania, July 10. The Rus-
sian battleship Kniaz Potemkin Tavri-
tchesky which was surrendered byher muti-
nous crew to the Rumanian Government,
which in turn handed the vessel over to

 

not sail for Sebastopol, where it was pro-

| mutineers before they left her opened her
gea cocks.

The slow leakage which followed was not
noticed for some time, and before it could
be atopped the veasel sank eighteen inches,
and is now resting on the bottom. She is
being pumped out, and her officers say
she will be ready to sail on Wednesday.

Admiral Pisarwsky, aboard the battle-
ship Tchesme, says the Czar is much grati-
fied that Rumania handed over the ship to
the Russians. It was done on King Charles's
own initiative, Russia not having requested
it. Admiral Pisarweky adds that complete
order now prevaifaon al! vessels of the
Black Sea fleet.

TORPEDO BOAT SURRENDERS.

 

Crew Put Under Arrest When They Land
at Sebastopol.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THR SuN.
SeBASTOPOL, July 10.—The Russian tor-
pedo boat No. 267, which accompanied the
Kniaz Potemkin on her mutinous cruise,

| arrived here to-day from Kustendje, Ru- |

mania, where she abandoned her consort.
Her crew, conaisting of sixteen men,
voluntarily surrendered, pleading that
their mutinous conduct was compelled by
the crew of the Kniaz Potemkin. They

the transport Prout.
The transpcr: Vécha also is here.

LOOT FROM THE POTEMKIN.

—

{

{

|

| Rebels Satd to Have Handed 6980 ,000 to

| the Revetutionary Committee.

Speetal Cable Despatce to THE SUN.
ViENNA, July 10.~—The correspondent of the

Freie Preast at Kustendje describes Matu-
schenks, the leader of the mutiny on the
Kniaz Potemkin, as av interesting youth,
and says he’is deeply depressed at the
failure. He distributed 65,000 rubles from
the military chest of the Kniaz Potemkin

j among the crew. The Russian Consul at
Kuatendje says there was 700,000 rubles
aboard, which was handed over to the
Russian revolutionary committee by the
muti neers.

|

|

'

 

BOYS FIRE FULMINATE

And KH Knocks Twenty of Them Flat and
Shakes the Block.

Twelve-year-old Nicholas Parello of Frog
Hollow in East 149th street found in the
roadway in front of his home yesterday
atincan full of blasting cartridge primers.
He divided with his playmates. The boys
all knew what the primers were, for most
of their fathers work for contractors. They
agreed to take the fulminate out of the
shells, put it all together and bave one real
loud noise instead of a number of smaller
ones. They emptied the powder into the
can and stood the can in the middle of the
roadway, and some twenty of them crowded
round {t. Eleyen-year-old Abraham Kasa
of 516 East 140th street touched off the ex-
plosive with & match.

All the buildings in the neighborhood shook
and all the boys were flung down, cut and
bleeding. Men some distance away were
knocked down. A piece of tin cut through
the clothing of Michael Cappoli, half a block
off, and left a two inch gash over his heart.

Italians poured out of their rooms and
made for the spot where the boys were
lying in the roadway. In a few minutes
there were a thousand of them. The parents
of some of the injured children picked them
up and carried them home. Those who
seemed to be the worst hurt were carried
intoa contractor's office near Morris avenue.
An ambulance surgeon was kept busy half
an hour attending to them. The boy who
had found the can of primers went to the
hospital. One of his lungs had been pierced
by a piece of tin and it is not thought that
he can live.

A two-year-old boy living at 520 East
149th street was injured internally. He

 

may die.

The police took the names of six others
who were cut and burned. A few were
passersby, Capt. Tighe made a prisoner
of the boy who touched the match to the
powder and nine-year-old Charles Rinaldi,
| who helped set it off. Both boys were
| burned, and Kass was made temporarily
deaf by the explosion. The police were
trying to learn last night who left the de-
tonating caps around loose.
DIKMINGHAM, ALA., THROUGH PULLMAN
Service:--Via P. R. R. ant Seaboard Alr

Line Ry.
Leaves New York 12:25 } arrives Birm
mcxt day 0:26 P. M. Once" 1183 Bresdvon nena

 

 

 

 

 

 

|

oo

| posed to take’her, for the reason that the |

|
!

 

|

eee

WOULD BE KING OF BULGARIA,

Prinoe Ferdinand Sald to Plan Declaration
of Independence of His Country.
Special Cable Despatch to THe SUN.

Brain, July 10.—It is reported here that
Prince Ferdinand has resolved to take ad-

vantage of Russia's weakness and proclaim |

himself King of Bulgaria on Aug. 2. He
has, according to the report, persuaded
Germany, Great Britian and Austria not
to oppose his action.

If Turkey forcibly opposes it he is deter-
mined to fight for the entendi
Bulgaria

PEARY GETS $6,000 MORE,

Explorer Says the Reosevelt’ Will
North To-morrow Night.

Sail

Commander Robert E. Peary announced |

last night that during the day he had re-
ceived $6,000 in contributions toward equip-
ping the Roosevelt expedition. Of this
amount $5,000 came from a Wall Street
financier, who.asked Mr. Peary to keep his
name a secret.
by John S. Huyler. This makes altogether
$16,000 that the explorer has received during
the last week.

Commander Peary hustled around yester-
day afternoon, spending the money he had
received, and as a result there were busy
times aboard the Roosevelt last night.
One of the first things he bought was ninety
fathoms of 114 inch cable. This was placed
aboard the ship last night. ‘The explorer
said yesterday that he hoped to get away
not later than to-morrow night.

WATTLE TIM A FARMER?

 

Has an Option on a Big Place Near

Lenox.

PIvrsFieLD, Mass., July 10.--The Hon.
Timothy P. Sullivan of New York has
decided to invade the lair of the millionaires.
He has secured an option on a large farm
on the Lenox road about midway between
Lenox and Pittsfield and = said to-day
before he left Pittsfield that he would buy
the property and build a country house.
A little beyond Mr. Sullivan's property
are the residences of Mrs. Richard Auch-
muty and Mrs. William H. Bradford of
New York. ‘The New York politician has
been in this city for a week visiting Frank
Carey, a member of the Broadway police
squad. He was delighted with the country.
FLASRPLIGHT PHOTO EVIDENCE

nok ome

 

 

In the Sult of Allison Agatnust His Cousin
aud His Wife, :

PHILADELPHIA, July 10.—J. Wesley Alli-
son, the wealthy Philadelphian who on Fri-
day of last week caused the arrest of his
wife and his cousin, William (. Allison,
{4 an expert photographer, a fact which may
have an important bearing upon the case
when once it reaches court.

Before the open break came between Mr.

and Mrs. Allison they passed several sum- |

mers at Cape May. Mr. Allison took many
photographs of scenery and at times, to
oblige bis friends,..would take a flashlight
photograph of some group assembled
in the evening.

He kept the flashlight powder and his
camera in a hall closet and, according
to his friends, he returned home unexpected-
edly one night a few hours after midnight,

and was suddenly seized with a desire to |

make a flashlight photograph of a room in his
cottage. He used the utmost caution and
not a sound disturbed the stillness of the
house until the explosion of the flashlight.

Mr. Allison has kept the picture that de-

| veloped upon the plate, and his friends say

it will be the backbone of his evidence.

 

|’. ROOT WITHDRAWS TO-DAY.

were placed under arrest and lodged on |

Will Have a Conference Here With Mayor
Weaver.

PHILADELPHIA; July 10.—Elihu Root;
after a conference to-morrow in New York
in which Mayor Weaver, Messrs. Gordon,
Auerbach and others will take part, will
formally withdraw as counsel to the
Mayor.

The conference will be held at Mr. Root’s,

office. At this meeting it is believed that
the general scope of the filtration inquiry
will be discussed and the plans for tho
future settled.

Just what the men who have been so
induastriously delving into the McNichol
contracta have in mind is known only to
thémselves.

CONFERENCE ON WATER.
Mayor MeClellan’s Commission to Meet
State Water Board on Friday.

The commission appointed by Mayor
McClellan to prepare plans for providing

 

the city with additional water supply will |

meet the State water board on Friday at
2 P. M., at the offices of Charles A. Shaw,
84 Pine street.

All propositions decided upon by the
local commission for obtaining new sources
of supply for the city must have the ap-
proval of the State. In order to expedite
matters the two boards will as far as possible
work in conjunction and have decided
to confer together from time to time.

Friday's will be the first of these con-
ferences.

MISS POTTS WILL FIGHT.

Lawyer Engaged to Defend Her in Diamond
Ring Case.
PHILADELPHIA, July 10.—Dr. Charles S.
Potts has engaged Attorney A. S. L. Shields
to defend his sister, Miss Emma Frances
Potts, who has been accused of the theft of
a diamond ring from his former friend

Mrs. Frank Harper Jarden,

The first effectiof Mr. Shields's engage-
ment as counsel was the announcement
that there would be no settlementvof the
case. Mise Potta will now fight to a finish.

It was stated to-day that the case had
been on a fair way toward a settlement,
but that publicity had upset the plans of the
attorney who had been ‘acting as mediator
between the Jardens and the Potts family.

OFFER THRONE TO PRINCE KARL.

Norway Now Picks the Second Son of King
Christian of Denmark,
Spectal Cable Despatch to THE Sun.

CHRISTIANIA, July 10.—-It is stated that
the throne of Norway has been offered
to Prince Karl of Denmark, second son of
King Christian. It is not known whether
he will accept.

If he does, the youngest daughter of King
Edward of Great Britain will become
Queen of Norway, she having married
Prince Karl in 1896, while Princess Margaret

 

 

of Connaught, niece of King Edward, who |

lately maried Prince Guetavus Adolphus,
gon of the Crown Prince of Sweden, is the
prospactive Queen of “ country.

s

idence of |

The other $1,000 was given |

 

 

 

RAIN NIAGARA CHECKS HEAT,

1.2 INCHES FELL IN 10 MINUTES,
| 2.36 IN THE SHOWER.

| Ells Island Bulldings, Brooklyn Borough
Hall and Steam Yacht Seminole Struck
by Lightning—Temperature Dropped
20 Degrees While the Rain Was Falling.

 

It was unp!easantly warm yesterday,
| but there have been many other July days
that, comparatively, might be called torrid.
A fierce electrical storm that converted
the dripping air of all the boroughs into
an eerial Niagara drove the temperature
' down from its maximum of 89 to @@ degrees
in less than two hours in the afternoon.
The storm came out of the southwest,
across Jersey, and slashed the blue-black
background of the sky with jagged light.
| The lightning did not expend its energy
altogether among the clouds. It dipped
| down frequently, smiting things afloat
and ashore. j

While the storm was rumbling over the
Battery district a whité lance came out of
the torrent and splintered the foretopmast
of J. M. Robins's steam yacht Seminole.»
anchored off ihe Battery yacht basin.
The Seminole picked up anchor and sailed
down the bay. Hundreds who had sought,
and had not found, shelter from the down-
pour under Battery park trees were startled
by the bolt that smashed the yacht’s spar
and many ran through the park to the
Aquarium and to the elevated road structure
in Whitehall street. ,

It was a phenomenal deluge for these
parts, and the wettest ten minutes of it
beat all records. In these ten minutes,
which ended at 3:15, 114-5 inches of rain
swept down in sheets so thick that it was
difficult to see half the length of a block.
The obscuration was as bad as that of a
heavy fog. The loco! oficial prophets said
that this rate of rainfall, kept up an hour,
would have, with its 7.20 inches, deserved
the title of & tropical shower. The flood-
gates let loove 2.56 inches between 2:48
and 4:29 P. M., and choked the sewers in
many parts of Manhattan and Brooklyn,
flooding the cellars of South and West
streets, as usual. The temperature touched
the lowest uotch at 4:00 P. M.. and then
| slowly went up the tube again to 80 degrees

near which point it lingered. Humidity in-
creased again and another thunderstegm
' threat -ned.
The big structure at Eilis Island known
as the administration building was hit
twice, but not in the same place, by light-
ning. ‘he first crash did no damage, but
! the second, coming right on its glittering
heels, ripped off ten feet of the roof over
the information bureau and smashed a
| skylight and a ventilator. Many persons
waiting to welcome friends who had just
| landed at the island were thrown into
| panic by the flash, detonation and the
smashing of wreckage. Severa] women
became hysterical, and many of the 2,000
immigrants in a room adjoining the in-
| formation bureau began howling and
screaming. The officials
quieted within a few minutes.

The rush of water at the Battery flooded
! the subway roadbed to within a few inches
| of the third rail. But it was all pumped
; out in a jiffy.

The downpour created a flood at the in-
tersection of White street with Centre and
Elm streets, the water rising until the
Criminal Courts Building became an island
and the cataracts and rivers ran into base-
ments and first floors of shops and saloons.
The proprietors of the shops tried to block
the flood with mops and cuss words, but
it was hailed with delight by a crowd of
urchins, who improvised bathing suits and
plunged gaily into the muddy current.
The steps of the court building were crowded
with people watching the sport. In places
the water was over three feet deep, anda
| fire engine responding to an alarm lost
its fire in the passage of the ford, The
water rose until it came into the Coroners’
Office, and ran down into the basement,
where it partly extinguished the fires under
the boilers. Inthe basement of the Knabe
saloon, at White and Centre streets, Deputy
Sheriff McFadden's pet terrier met a watery
grave. The premises of the saloon were
damaged to the extent of $500. After a
while the sewers caught up with their work
and the peoplein the Criminal Courts Build-
ing were enabled to escape without boats,

The police in Manhattan heard of eigh-
teen heat cases attended by ambu-
lance surgeons. Eight persons became
ill in the streets, probably from the heat.
There were six sudden deaths, and one of
| these was credited to the heat. Dr. James
T. Pilcher, an interne at Bellevue, was
overcome at Third avenue and Twenty-
thitd street. An ambulance took him to
Bellevue.

BROOKLYN BOROUGH HALL SIT,

Borough Hall in
the target for a startling electrical dis-
charge, a bolt of lightning striking and
shivering the flagpole on the top of the
tower, stunning several persons in the
building and suspending for a while an
Italian marriage ceremony in progress
in the Aldermen's room. The oldest em-
ployee in the hall declared that, so far as
he could recall, lightning had never before
paid it such a fierce visitation. While no
one was injured, the scare was general all
over the big structure,from the roof to the
cellar and extended in less degree to the
people in the Court House, Temple Bar,
Garfield and other big buildings in tho
vicinity.
| The lightning cut a big slice off the flag-

 

 

pole just below the eagle which topped it,
The flag, which was at half mast, was un-
injured and fell onthe tower. Some of the
electric wires were burned out and there
was no light in the building until they had
been repaired, three hours later. Coroner
M. J. Flaherty was in his office on ihe
second floor of the Fulton street side of
the building, and with him were Officer
Joseph Lockwood and Joseph McGarry,
a contractor.

They were all standing in the little hall-
way leading from the main offic? to the
corridor when the lightning struck the flag-
pole, and were dazed for an instant by the
flash of fire, which, as they described it,
seemed to rollin from the corridor and sweep
past them into the main office. It left no
wreck in its path. Each of them felt a
distinct shock.

Charles Garrison, the elevator man, was
on his way down from the third floor when
the crash came, and was so severely shocked
| that he had to drop the rope foran instant,
} and with difficulty kept on his feet. He
| was so weak when he reached the main floor

 

 

Dewey's Pure Grape Juice and Pert Wine
Will bring a smile of joy to pour Siox.

A Dewey & S meee, 138 Putonsi. Now York.
é t.

|
|».
he

had them ai

*

Brooklyn became . -

5

‘
%
bd
f
¥

iy