“VOL LXXL=NO. 7

 

i

LOW DECLINE NEXT THURSDAY? | *" “shi

 

LOTS OF TALK OF AN INTEREST-
ING POLITICAL POSSIBILITY.
Stampede to Jerome Sure if the Mayor
Should Think Present Honors Enough
~And the Distriet Attorney, Loving a
Fight, Would Accept the Nomination,

 

Soma of those who are still hoping for
a spirited and successful campaign against
Tammany this fall thought last night that
the way was clearing for the nomination
of William Travers Jerome. If they are
not deceived about the intentions of Mayor
Low the situation will develop on Thursday
by the withdrawal of the Mayor.

Of the identity of the fusion candidate
in such an event no well-informed man
in Tammany or in the fusion movement
hus any doubt. It would be Jerome in
a snap of the fingers, and Jerome would
accept both as a duty and out of his in-
stinctive love of a lively fight.

On the surface there now appears an
almost suspicious harmony. The two
Democratic organizations in fusion made
at the first conference their expected argu-
ment that it would be well to nominate
an independent Democrat, coupled with
praise of Low's administration, which
virtually went to an acceptance of him as
the candidate. Since then, friends of the
Mayor have told him what they have gleaned
among his political supporters and his
enemies, and the information was all one
way—that the chances of his reélection
seemed slim.

If the Mayor asked about the attitude of
the public mind toward any other possible
nominee of fusion he was told that an
opinion seemed to prevail that Jerome
could win, or at least that he would get
more votes than any other anti-Tammany
candidate,

In the privacy of his summer home at
Rye yesterday the Mayor may have pon-
dered on these things. Friends of fusion
said that if the Mayor wished to draw a
picture of himse'f in the two poses the out-
lines were clear, By declining the unani-
mous tender of a renomination by fusion
he would retire as the candidate who
knocked out Tammany, ruled two years
and in a epirit of non-partisanship made a
place for a Democratic candidate who
could bring a second defeat to Tammany.

What better service, they asked, could the
Mayor render to his friend the President of
the United States than to deny himself the
possibility of reélection, remote in itself,
go that a stronger candidate might keep
Greater New York out of the hands of Tam-
many in the Presidential year?

The Mayor, these friends aaid, was bent on

 

 
   

inet Will Try to Avold a Clash With
Turkey.
Special Cadle Despatch to ‘Tae Sun.

LONDON, Sept. 7.—The latest news from
Sofia as to the situation between Turkey
and Bulgaria is that at a meeting of the
Cabinet of tho latter ceuntry, which was
held at Varna and was presided over by
Prince Ferdinand, it was decided to adopt
the most stringent measures to prevent
any movement that might disturb the
present relations with Turkey.

This decision was strongly supported by
Col. Saoof, the Minister of War, on the
ground of the enormous expenditure that
would be involved in a war with the Porte,
and also because the Powers would pre-
vent Bulgaria from reaping any advantage
if she were victorious in a war with Turkey.

Ii Turkey attacked them, the ar Min-
ister said, the present forces of the country
would be able to hold the Turks in check
for a few days and the entire army could
be mobilized in from three to twelve days.

The Cabinet also decided to prociaim
martial law in Burgao, Kustendil, Philip-
popolis and Sofia upon the firat symptom
of disorder on the frontier.

The Ministers are believed to have ex-
pressed the opinion that the Powers would
soon be convinced that the Macedonian
question could net be decided without
their intervention. ,

This prudent decision of Bulgaria re-
moves one cause of anxiety in regard to
the situation in the near East. Trust-
worthy news from Macedonia is both mea-
gre and contradictory.

There is, however, the usual crop of tales
of horrors, the correspondent of the Daily
Mail at Monastir saying that the Turks at
the present rate of devastation will not
leave a human being alive in two weeks,
and then stating in the same despatch that
the Turks are evidently losing heavily.

The Turkish Embassy in London has
issued another categorical denial of the
stories of Turkish atrocities which have
been published during the past week and
also a denial of the report that the Sultan
had received a threatening letter from the
Bulgarian commitee.

The whereabouts of M. Sarafoff and
Gen. Zontcheff, the leaders of the Mace-
donian Revolutionary Committee, are not
known. The latter is reported in different
despatches as being in Bulgaria, Roumania
and Macedonia. He is a soldier of con-
siderable capacity and of serious and de-
termined purpose, whose presence will

1! soon be feit.

the end. He had declined to signify that ;

he would or would not run again. He had
insisted that the fusion nomination should
come to him in apparent unanimity, to
dispose of as he might elect. To that point
the programme will undoubtedly go with-
out a hitch.

The Mayor will return to New York on
The second fusion conference

wih ay on Wednesdzy night. It
be , without disse, that Mayor
Low s! be asked to carry the fusion
banner again. A committee will be ap-

inted we wait on him and to ascertain if

e@ will permit the Citizens’ Union conven-
tion and the Republican convention on
Sept. 28 to nominate him.

Phere the certainty ends. It may be
that those friends of the Mayor who really
want him to run will prevail, and that he
will take the nomination. On the other
hand men who are in touch with the private
operations of the powers in the fusion
amp insist that the Mayor has prepared a
letter of declination, which he will present
10 the committee.

Mr. Low will say, so these men declare,
that he has outlined the broad principles
of reform, to attain which the people voted
him into office, and that he wante to retire
to private life, to the care of his family,
hia business and the intereste, educational
and charitable, with which he has been
identified, While appreciating the honor
of being the candidate for a second time
he is confident that the good citizenship
which is represented in fusion will find a
man who will be available as a candidate
and able to carry on the work of a non-
partisan administration

If the Mavor should take this position the
fusion conferees will make proper expres-
sion of their regret and—nominate Jerome.

Mr. Jerome is at Lakeville, Conn., and
doesn’t intend to return to New York until
after the fusion candidate is named, un-
less he should be called back by circum-
stances. He has taken great pains to
wold the appearance of seeking (he nom-
ination for Mayor. He has kept out of
conferences as far as possible, has denied
himself to politicians and they have even
found it hard to get him by telephone.
Kur it is just as certain that he wil run,
' Mavor bow declines, 68 it is that the
pomination will be offered to him

While Jerome is a Democrat, the Repub-

ens in fusion would prefer that he should
he elected Mavor rather than any other in-

ependent Demoerat. His election would
give to the Republican Governor an op-
portunity to appoint a Republican District
\itorney to serve out Jerome's unexpired
‘erm With a Democrat at the head of
the city tieket the nomination for Borough
President of Manhattan would nalurally
zo to a Republican. In the two years (o
come that office will handle an immense
patronage and there is a possibility that
Jerome, at the head of the ticket, might
he pat through a Republican Borough
resident

As to the other places on the city tieker,
rome of the fusion leaders think that
Jerome's nomination might callfor a revi-~
sion of the slate. Comptroller Grout is @
Democrat and President Fornes of the Beard

Aldermen is a Democrat. There are
riv three places on the city ticket, and
his would he giving them all to Democrats

P litieians who were discussing the por-

ebiity of Jerome's nomination, last night,
rained these interesting questions

{f Jerome should he elected Mayor,
would he attempt to build up anew Demo-
ratic organization in New York on the

nee of the old County Demoeracy and
hus split Tammany?
Or would he be seized upon by the
tate Democracy as the candidate for Gov-
frnor next year?
Would Tammany be content to have him
reminated regularly for Governor, to get
cut of the Mayor's office?
A short time ago the secretary of the
Union put out @ statement that no
ndidate ate go on the ticket of that
rginization untess he declared in writing
by publie speech that in case of his elee-
n he would take no part in the State
and national elections ef 1904. This bas
nee iived in Mayor Low's case, Presi-
lent KO Fulton Cutting explaining that
the Mayor's record is sufficient. Some
ef the Repyblieans in fusion might like
t) have such a declaration from Myr. Jerome
! he should be the candidate, but those

r

‘ itizen

wT ire close to the District Attorney
eoy that he'd laugh real hard if asked to
make such a pledge

If Mayor Low's record is psuffletent,
! guess Jerome's is,” avid one of hia ad-

ere last night Another said that fusion
pse-takers had been after Jerome to find
out if he'd guarantee to serve out hie term
! Vhese gentlemen apparent!
had in mind that Mr Jeyome would loo
'o (he Slate Demoeracy like a mighty avail.
able candidate for Governor

‘With Parker and Jerome againat Roose.

vel and Odell we'd have @ amaghing good
ronelen next your "eald an old ohaerver

elected

|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|

|
1

maintaining the dignity of his position to |

 

MAGELSSEN WAS FIRED ON.

Vall of Betrut Charged With Making False
Report of the Affair.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Lonpon, Sept. 6.—The latest des-
patches from sources other than official
at Beirut confirm the report that a shot
was fired st Mr. Magelssen, the American
Vice-Consul there, and that his assailiant
is believed to be known.

The story told by the Valf to the effect
that the affair was merely the discharge
of a pistol at a wedding celebration has
been proved to be false.

A despatch from Stamboul to the Standard
says one of the first demands of the United
States, which when made are sure to be
peremptory, will probably be for the dis-
missal of the Vali “who by common con-
sent is ruling Beirut.

His disgrace will strike a blow et the
baleful influence of the Arab Izzet Pasha,
a palace favorite, whose creature he Is.

 

BALFOUR CONFERS WITH KING.

Political Outlook and Chambertain’s Tartff
Plan Discussed.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THE SUN.
LoNpDoN, Sept. 7.-The Daily Mail says
Prime Minister Balfour, who has returned
to London, had an audience with the King
on Saturday. The interview dealt with
the political outlook in connection with the
present fiscal policy of the Government

and the questions which have arisen since
Mr. Chamberlain propounded his tariff
ideas. |

 

Ww. W. ASTOR GIVES $100,000.

Fund of England.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Lonpon, Sept. 7.—William Waldorf
Astor has sent a check for £20,000 to the
Cancer Kesearch Fund. This contribution
was made as a result of an appeal made
by Prime Minister Balfour at a meeting
held on July 30

LIPTON VISITS A FIRERBOAT.

He Marvels at the New Yorker and Sildes
Down a Brass Pole in the Firehouse.

Sir Thomas Lipton spent yesterday after-
noon visiting places of interest along the
Battery. With hirn were Col. Neale, Capt.
Webster of the British Army, and Dr. Neill,

The party left the Erin off Thirty-fifth
street, North River,and steamed down to
Governors Island in the yacht’s launch,
After looking the island over Sir Thomas
went to the Aquarium and spent consider-
able time looking at the fish, but was ap-
parently more attracted by the little niece
of Keeper Spencer, to whom he gave a
Shamrock pin, f ;

Capt. Braisted of the fireboat New Yorker
showed the party over his cratt. When
told that the boat was able to throw fifty
tonaof water a minute Sir Thomas expressed
wonder, declaring there was no boat equal
to it in the world

While the quarters in the house were
being inspected’ Capt, Braisted ordered the
gong to be rung and several firemen came
down the pole for Sir Thomas. He waa
much amused and after most of his party
had slid down the pole he followed suit
while everybody applauded. Before leav-
ing he shook hands with all the firemen
apt. Dean's police boat Patrol next came
lor inspection Meanwhile a crowd

His Contribution to the Cancer Research |

 

in af

| had collected along the sea wall. As Sir
Thomas got into his launch every pony
cheered and he stood up and waved h

 

|
|

|
'
}

|

hat to therm.

Sir Thomas will go to West Point on
Wednesday and later in the week will visit
ex-Lieut.-Gov. Woodruff

ITALIAN CARETAKER SHOT,

His Murderer, & Laborer, When ¢augit
Makes a Pight

yyw RocwELLE, N Y , Sept 6» Andrew
Balandro, the caretaker of the estate of
the late Joseph Park of Park A ‘Tilford,
at Harrison, wae shot down jn the street
at Port Cheeter tonight by Pesquale Grieio,
pn laborer on the Park estate Thetwo men
had quarry Led naveral daye ago

Belandro died @n hour after he wie ehot
Grisio fled, but wee eaught here ina trolley
car bound for New York hy Frank Alio,
an [lellen polleeman of Port Cheater
Grinio fought, but was overpowered and

locked up
mn
Burnett's Katsact of Vanille
Ie the standard everywhere, Sold by beat qrocers,
a7

NEW YORK. MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 7.

 

vores FoR PEACe. | PICHT OVER PARKS'S

 

 

FEDERATED UNION CALLED ON
TO OPPOSE IT.
Resolutions Tabled in a Hurry Before
the Faction Who Oppose Parks Can
Be Heard—Union Leader Says That

Devery Followers Will Be in Line. |
{

Though the parade of the Board of Build-
ing Trades to-day, according to the pre-
dictions of those who are opposed to Sam
Parks, will not be a large one, more interest
is felt in it than in any of the parades of the
building trades that have preceded it.

This interest arises from the fact that
the parade has come to be looked upon
as a glorification of Parks, and if it provot»
be as big as those of former years it will
be held to be an indorsement of him.

Last year the entire thirty-nine unions
in the old Board of Building Trades were
represented. The board was then at the
height of its power and it was estimated
that 25,000 men were in line. This.year only
eight building trades unions will be in line
marching «8 bodies. According to the
committee of arrangements, seven more
unions will be in evidence, but they will be
represented either by the delegates riding
in carriages or by individual members.

The largest organization to parade will
be the Laborers’ Union Protective Society,
composed of masons’ laborers, which
has ten branches and could turn out from
8,000 to 10,000 men. The Teamsters’ Union,
which is not represented in the board, has
promised to parace, or at least be repre-
sented, and the 800 glass workers who
are on strike have notified the board that
they will march.

The new Board of Representatives of
the Building Trades, composed of the bolt-
ing unions, includes a majority of the
skilled workers and lias an aggregate
membership of 30,000. One half of this
membership was in the parade of last year.

While the walking delegates in the old
board will say nothing against Parks, many
of the rank and file feel very bitter toward
him and some of Parks’s friends say he is
making a mistake in assuming the leader-
ship of the parade at this time. The fact
that Devery is to figure has driven away
many union men. The feeling
Devery was voiced by William Kenneally,
delegate of the Steam Fitters’ Helpers’
Union, who said:

“IY would not advocate that any organi-
zation should march behind Bill Devery
in the parade, because it is evident that
this is an attempt to make a political dem-
onstration for Big Bill in order to boost
him. ‘The organizations which have not
money enough to hire bands and buy uni-
forms‘for the parade will get both the bands
and the uniforms if they are willing to
parade. They will get them for nothing.
One thing, my organization won't be in
line. I don’t know how many will be in
the parade, but Devery’s henchmen will dig
enough people from the Ninth Assembly
district who are not members of labor
unions to make a showing.”

William H. Farley of the Encaustic Tile
Layers’ Union announced that his organi-
zation would not parade. He believed very
faw labor organizations would be in line.

“The situation here at present,” he said,
“is such as to prevent many laboring peo-

le from taking part in the parade. rh
8 nothing to cause enthusiasm this year.”

The route of the parade will be from the
Cirele, at Fifty-eighth street and Fifth

avenue, down Fifth avenue to Washington ;

Square, where it will disband. The parade
will be reviewed at Twenty-fifth street and
Fifth avenue by invited guests.

Resolutions condemning the leadership
of Sam Parks and Devery in the parade
were tabled at yesterday's meeting of the
Central Federated Union. The resolutions
introduced by Ephraim Kaufman of the
Clothing Cutters’ Union read as follows

Whereas, Organized labor of the city of New |

York will celebrate Labor Day to-morrow
as never before, and

Whereas, the Labor Day arade will
be led by men whose friendship to organized
labor is of & questionable nature herefore
e it

Resolved, That the

Central Federated

Union of this city deplores the situation ;

which presents
who intend to take
be it further

Reaolved, That we appeal to those who
intend to march in this parade to realize
that their action would detract from the
glory and the lofty ideals of organized labor

The resolutions were seconded by Dele-

ate Oberwager of Typographical Union
No. 7, but before Kaufman had a chance of
saying a word for his resolutions James J
Daly of the Dock Builders’ Union moved
to lay them on the table

“I think we should attend to our own
business,” he said. “We'll have plenty
to do. We don't want to have anything to
do with this matter.”

His motion was seconded, put and carried
with a rush. Then George H. Warner of
the International Association of Machinists
interrupted.

“IT want to speak on this
don't believe the chairman hac
after listening to
delegate to table the motion without any
discussion.”

“Sit down!” shouted the chairman, but
several delegates got up. Warner still
stood shouting that the chairman had
no right to shur off debate.

“Why didn't you speak before the motion
wae put,” said the chairman

“You didn't give him a chance,” said
Delegate Farley of the Painters. “T got
up and tried to speak, but you rushed the
motion through after listening to all that
Daly had to say about it.”

The chairman again declared that all
diseursion onthe subject was closed. There
wer a storm of pretest and Warner sprang
to his feet again

“What right had you to allow a delegate
to discuss the motion before moving to
table it,” he said, “and then shut off de-
bate now? I am glad, of course, to see
the thing tabled, but I want to find where
the resolution came from, The man who
introduced the resolutions is not in the
building trades.”

Kaufman, Warner and Daly all tried
to talk at onee, while the chairman kept
banging his gavel. Some one shouted a
reference to Kaufman parading and Kauf-
man yelled back

“My orgenization would not mareh in
this Labor Diy parade under any eireuin-
atances whatever.” The chairman then
directed the sergeant-at-arme either to
make the three delegates sii down or to
expel them from the hall

“Tf these resolutions came from any one
who knew anything about the situation,”
said Daly, “it would bea different matter
I am a delegate from the Dock Builders

ent to the workingmen
art in this parade and

uestion. I[
any right

and it would come with a bad grece for
me to goto # teilors’ meeting and tell the
tailors whut they oughi to do This juan
representa a buneh of tuilors.”

who belongs to the
Cloth Spongers’ Union, took a hand and
said, with some indignation, that Kaufman
represented (he ¢ lothing Cutters’ tnton

Meantime the reporters had seeured a
OOpy of the resolutions and Warmer jumy ad
to his feet arain with au objeetion ‘T aac,”
he said. “that the reporters have got the
resolutions The newspapers for the last
ten days have been trying to belittle the
parade "

Warner then made @ long speach and
wound up by moving that the reporters
be instructed not to publish the tabled reso -
lutions and that representatives of papers
whieh did publish if be exeluded from the
CF flor a general discusston of the
eins of the newspapers, Warner's motion
war carried

Here the ehauman,

 
  

 

 

against '

1ere

the explanations of a |

 

Wy,
/ It A 4

 

/

 
 

 

 

Another Episode in His Relations With
Mrs. Annie Bradley.

Salt Laks, Utah, Sept. 6.—Former
United States Senator Arthur Brown's
| notorious intrigue with Mrs. Annie Bradley
‘terminated to-day in a row in which the
Senator lost four front teeth. Brown's
infatuation for Mrs. Bradley has been a
common scandal for years.

On three occasions Mrs. Brown had the
| former Senator and Mrs. Bradley arrested
| on criminal charges. Both are now under
| bond in these cases. Mrs. Brown finally
| Succeeded in exacting a promise from

Brown to cast off Mrs. Bradley, under Mre

Brown's agreement to dismiss the charges

now in court.
| To-day the Senator sent for Mrs. Bradley.
' She visited him in his office and he says
{me during the interview she assaulted
| him, breaking four of hia front teeth.
_ Mrs. Bradley says: \

“I am not seeking sympathy. I only
want to see justice done, and justice to the
man who sins as well as the woman. I
did strike him and I am not sorry for it.
He insulted me as no other woman was
ever insulted before.”

Senator Brown refuses to discuss the
affair

 

BROKER JACKSON'S PROTEST.

Refused to Give Up His Raliroad Ticket
Because He Had no Seat.

ATLANTIC City, N. J., Sept. 6.— Because all
seats were occupied and he was compelled

to stand in a car of the Pennsylvania Rail-«
road from Germantown Junction to Atlantic

City, a ride of nearly an hour and a half,
Samuel Jackson, a real estate broker of
40 Wall street, New York, refused to sur-
render his ticket at the request of the con-
ductor. On his arrival here last night a
special officer of the railroad escorted him
to the city jail. Mr. Lewis Nixon, Jr.,
accompanied Mr. Jackson to prison and
demanded a record of the indignity to which
the broker was subjected.

On his release Mr. Jackson said that
he would bring action against the rail-
road to test its right to force payment for
passage from passengers not provided
with seats. The company holds that a
| ticket only calls for a continuous passage
and that seats are not contracted for, al-
though they are usually provided unless
, there is some unexpected shortage of cars.

The police recorded Mr. Jackson's name
and the complaint and released him. He
was not locked up.

 

me ec rw mn

FOUR KILLEDIN TROLLEY CRA SH.

 

Head-On Collision at Curve Between Cars
Going 28 Miles an Hour.

NasHva, N. H., Sept. 6.—By a head-on
collision two cars of the Hudson, Pelham
and Salem trolley line were telescoped
half a mile this side of Pelham Centre at
_ 10:45 o'clock this morning and four per-
‘ons were killed outright. The dead are:
| Samuel Mace of Salem, N. H., the motor-
: man of the eastbound oar; Charles H. Gil-
; bert, machinist of Nashua; Gabriel Collet,
; student of Nashua, and G, C. Andrews,
| postmaeter at Hudson, N.H. Seven pas-
, sergers were so badly injured that they
‘ were carried to the Lowell hospital.

The accidert was due to the fact that
ears going in cpposite directions received
‘a clear track signal by telephone. They |
inet while going twenty-five miles an hour
‘on a sharp ourve. There were fifty pas-
| songers on the eastbound car and nearly
{ all were hurt or bruited. Onthe westbound
, car there were a score of passengers and they
; did not suffer so much. The top gear of

both cars, which are of the open pattern,was
!tornoff. The men who were killed occupied
the front seet of the eastbound car

| BRIDGE BROKE; MANY SPILLED.

| Spectators at a Colored Baptisin Thrown
Into Newark Bay.

About two hundred and fifty persona,

' mostly girls attired in white dresses, were

| precipitated into two feet of water and a

foot of mud yesterday afternoon bv the

\ collapse of a bridge at Meyerholz &

Se a Na

PARADE WOMAN HITSEX-SENATOR BROWN. |
went e

eee

is expected to-morrow
'

 

| Dressig’a boathouse, on Newark Bay, at the
foot of West Forty-sixth street, Bayonne.
| Three persons were badly injured, and
about forty others received bruises.
The Rev. John Thornton, pastor of a

 

colored Baptist church at Avenue D and
Forty-sixth street, was baptizing con-
verts in the bay. As he was about to im-
merse Mrs. Anna Jackson of Jersey City
she screamed and fainted in his arms.
The people on the bridge, who had gathered
to see the ceremony, rushed forward to get
‘a betrer look at what was going on, and the
bridge\ gave way, throwing everybody
who had been on it into the water. The
| colored preacher helped to drag some of
the girls to safety.

Word was sent to the police and ambu-
lances were called, but were not needed

The two persona who were badly injured
were carried to the boathouse and Dr. |
Ware treated them. Mrs. George Poole |
of 153 Clinton avenue, Jersey City, had a
broken ankle and was injured about the
body She was taken home by her hua-
band. George Hendrickson of 14 West
Fortv-sixth street got a painful gash on
the head, and his son George was hurt
about the body. Mrs Hendricteon was
also injured

TWO HURT BY EXPLOSION,

 

Bursting Boller Tube in the Ruppert |
Brewery Badly Injures Employees.

Joseph Dilley of 150th street and Morris
avenue and Fred Dosso of 224 Fast Twenty-
first street severely |urned vester-
day morning by an explosion in the en-
gine room of the Jacob Ruppert Brewing
Compeny'’s ice plant at 608 Southern
Boulevard

The eaplosion was caused by the burst-
ing of a boiler tube. It blew off the door
of the furnace, which struck Dogeo, one of
the firemen, in the face, throwing lim to
the floor unconscious. Dilley ran yo Vim
but was overcome by gases and escaping
ateam which filled the engine room

Chief Engineer Jolin Ericsson and Wil-
liam Bryson, who were on the floor above,
ran downelalis and, throwing towels
their faces and crawlipg on their Lands

were

 

uve!

 

and knees, pulled out the two unconacious
mer |
Dosso wae badly burned all over the |
bedy and eut about the head Dilley waa!
burned about the head, face, arma and body |
They were taken to the Lincoln Hogpital |

Flood sweeps Over Part of Values
) Tacoma, Wash, Sept 6 - The steamship |
Rertha brings news of disaster at Valdes
On Aug 2) an unusually bigh tide coy
ered the flate ip front of Valdes and bimul- |
tansously the river flowing from a great}
giacler back of Valdeg overflowed and
awept away all unprovemente in that
part of the town The dam built above the '
main part of the town deflected the water
eufficiently to save it

The worlds giesieat ple

Hodaon River Say Dine od = muate Ade

| Bryan and Capt

ure route oe via tha | jokingly pointing out

sg

1903, —Conrrion, 1903, by The Sun Printing and Publiahing Association

      
   

COLOMBIA AFTER MORE KONEY.

REJECTION OF CANAL TREATY A
MATTER OF DOLLARS.

Tried te Arrange a Deal With Canal Com-
« Pany by Which Part of the 840,000,000
to Be Paid for Its Properties Would Be
Handed to the Bogota Government.

Wasuinaton, Sept. 6—The Panama
Canal Company has notified this Govern-
ment that it has rejected efforts of the
Colombian authorities to arrange a deal
by which part of the $40,000,000 to be paid
to the company for ita properties by the
United States, if the canal treaty is ratified,
will be handed over to Colombia. This
action by the company meets with the ap-
proval of this Government, which has in-
sisted that any attempt to amend the canal
treaty by the insertion of a provision re-
quiring the Panama Company to divide
with Colombia would be distasteful to the
Administration. A notification to that ef-
fect was given to Colombia while the treaty
was under consideration at Bogota.

The statement that Colombia has been try -
ing to get money out of the canal company
is regarded here as confirming the view
that the rejection of the canal treaty was
a matter of dollars and not of patriotism.
Much indignation is expreesed in official
circles over this aspect of the case. It
is contended by those who are thoroughly
familiar with what has been going on at
Bogota that the treaty could have been
ratified if there had been more money in
sight. This Government, however, de-
clined to be a party to any sordid deal,
not only because it was satisfied that the
Congress would not sanction a larger bonus
than that provided for in the treaty, but
as a matter of principle and fair ..ealing.

Reports have been current here that
the rejection of the treaty by the Colom-
bian Congress was due mainly to an ulti-
matum presented by United States Minister
Beaupié which was construed as in the
nature of athreat. It was learned to-night
that the State Department had directed
Mr. Beaujié to inform the Colombian
Government that the rejection or vital
amendment of the treaty would be attended
by regrettable consequences, Tne Colom-
bians are now declaring that this was a
veiled threat against their nation, which
pride compelled them to resent in as marked
a manner as possible, and this they did! y
rejecting the treaty.

t is asserted here that there was not the
slightest intention on the part of this Gov-
ernment to threaten Colombia. On the
contrary, it is said that the note presented
by Mr. Beaup:é, which the Colombians
now say was objectionable and even in-
sulting, meant that, if the treaty was re-
jected or amended in such a way as to make
impossible the acceptance of the amend-
ment by the United States, this Govern-
ment, no less than Colombia, would greatly
regret it.

It can be said on excellent authority
that the United States Government never
demanded that the treaty shou ld be ratified
By Colombia without so muchas the doting
of an “i” or the crossing of a “t.”. In al
the instructions sent to Minister Beaupré
on the subject of amending the treaty,
it was explicitly stated that this Govern-
ment objected to amendments of a vital
character. No flat-footed refusal to accept
any amendment was given.

Sixteen days remain of the life of the
treaty. While there is yet time for the
Colombian Congress to reconsider its re-
jection, this Government is not looking
for any such result. it is a mistake to
suppose that should the treaty be ratifled
between now and the date of its expiration,

Sept. 22,it would fail, nevertheless, because

there would not be time enough to ex-
change ratifications. A physical exchange
of the copies now in Washington and those
now in Bogote is not necessary. The for-
mality of exchange can be conducted by
telegraph and the physicial act performed
at some later day.

Pr. Herran to-day cabled to the Governor
of Panama inquiring into the truth of the
report that the Senate of Colombia was
dissolying and that the Panama Senators
had withdrawn and were on their way
home from Bogola. A reply to the inquiry

 

| WAY'S DESPATCHES HELD UP,

'olombia’s Charge Admits That the Stope
page Was on His Government's Lines.

WASHINGTON, Sept. 6.—It was learned
to-day that on Aug. 19 the State Depart-
ment, suspecting that ita despatches to
Minister Beaupré at Bogota and his de-
spatches to Washington were being held
up by the Colombian authorities, began its
investigation, as reported yesterday.

A test despatch was sent to Minister
Beaupré giving the numbers of despatches
previously forwarded and asking him

| to specify those that had not been received,

The inquiry sent by the Department got
through, and Minister Beaupré’s reply
was received, both inquiry and answer
being, of course, in cipher.

Having positive knowledge that some
of the important instructions of the De-
partment had not reached Minister Beaupré
and having satisfied himself that the fault
did not lie in the cable between the United
States and Buenaventura, Secretary Hay
sent the note of inquiry to Minister Herran,
asking for an explanation of the interrup-
tion of communication

The note ealla attention to the faci that
despatches sent late in July and early in
August failed to reach the American le-
gation at Bogota, and requests that im-
mediate inquiry be set en foot to ascer-
tain the cause of the interrup/ion

“Tt is not necessary to imy ress upon vou
the gravity of the matter,” wrote Secretary
Hay, “as you wil! readily appreciate the
vital importance of prompt communication
het ween this Government and its repre-
seyrarive at Bogota during this eritical

juneture a
Minister Herran reiterated to-night that
he had sent by cable an inquiry to the Post-

master-General of Colombia, whe ia also
the Director of Telegraphs, within half an
hour after the receipt of Secretary Hay's
note. He has replied to Mr. Hay that upon
receipt of a reply from the Postmaster.
General he will at onee transmit it to the
State Department

Dr Herran admits that the stoppage
ia on the land lite between Buenaventura
and Bogota, a stretch of 400 imiles, all of
which is under the contre] of the Colombian
Government. He does not, however, ad-
mit that there hae heen an intentional
eupprersion of messages. either Gover
mental or private

MISS BRYAN NOT TOWED HOBSON,

Story of Thetr Engagement Positively De-
nied by Mre. Bryan

LINCOLN Neb Sept. 6 Mra W J
Bryan to-night) authorized an emphati
denial of the story printed tiie morning by
a Philadelphia paper that Mise Ruth |

fame were ebgaged to marry Sho sald
there wae not fir lonet truth in the state
ment

hin ip corroborated by Mies Bryan's
friends, who say the story deubtless had
ita origin i Bowelp (hat slarted here when

the Captain wae a visitor last month « Hob
gon dined with the Bryans, and ro thor
oughly wae he entertained that be almort
forgot an ongaqernent Lo lecture at a Chau
(AUQue asselnbly and bad to aecept Mine
Hryan's services an A
Young Billy Bryan

hurry-up gtode
ln Alpo jpotial with
bis wlieter god her
eanort as engaged persons

RP. Hobson of Merrinaa |

 

NEW TRAIN SPEED RECORD.
138 Miles Made in 13% Minutes en the
Baltimere and Ohio.

Cuicaao, Sept. 6—One huadred and
twenty-eight miles in 125 minutes. This
is the new world’s record for lung-distence
running made by a patsenger train on the
Baltimore and Ohio Railroad to-day. The
distance traversed is between Chicago
Junction, Ohio, and Garrette, Ind. At
one place on the run a speed of eighty-five
miles on hour was reached. This was the
maximum. Bursts of speed at the rate of
seventy and seventy-five miles an hour
were frequent. No stops were made.

The train was made up of five cara. The
distance of 131 miles between Garrette
and South Chicago waa covered in 153
minutes, making the total run of 2/9 miles
in 278 minutes. ;

MARRIED BY OPEN GRAVE.

Bridegroom Stopped Funeral Services to
Outwit Bride’s Relatives.

InpranaPous, Ind., Sept. 6.—Elbowing
his way through a crowd of mourners
assembled at an open grave in Spring Hill
Cemetery, near Danville, Ill., to-day, Samuel
Smiley of Beckwith stopped the funeral
services with an excited request to he
married to Mrs. Anna Wagner. Smiley
explained to the Rev. J. E. Greening, the
Methodist minister who was officiating at
the funeral, that the relatives of the woman
were in close pursuit and asked that the
marriage be performed at once.

The Hoosier insisted that the case was
an urgent one and as he spoke he thrust
the marriage license into the hand of the
surprised clergyman. In the meantime
the crowd of mourners had fallen back
a few feet from the grave, and seeing them
give a tacit consent to the proceedings
the minister glanced at the license and
then Hy the side of the open grave, with
the coffin which had just been laid into
the box in plain view, Smiley and Mrs.
Wagner were married.

CATHOLIC AT JEWISH SERVICE,

Senator Dowling Delivers an Address at
a Synagogue Dedication.

Senator Victor Dowling delivered the
principal address at the dedication of the
new Synagogue Chefra Kadischa Talmud
Thora, in Fifty-seventh street near Second
avenue, yesterday afternoon. Senator
Dowling is prominent in Catholic affairs
and is a member cf the Knights of Colum-
bus, but the members of the congregation
asked him to speak because they wished
to emphasize the breadth of their creed
and their patriotism.

Other addresses were made by ex-Regis-
ter Ferdinand Levy, President L, Hirsch
of the congregation, and the Rev. E. Fried,
the cantor of the new synagogue.

YOUNG WOMAN MURDERED.

Waylald by Her Rejected Lover While
Riding in a Mountain Path.

Da.uas, Tex., Sept. 6.—Alexander Cockrell
returned to this city from Mineral Wells to-
night with a story of a startling tragedy
this morning on Pilot Knob Mountain near
Mineral Wells. A young man desperately in
love with a young woman had been rejected.
The young womah went horseback riding
by herself early this morning. The young
man veaylaid her and shot her to death and
fled. People in the vicinity have sent to
Weatherford to get bloodhounds to trail
the fugitive

LOSES SIGHT; TRIES

| Seventeen-Year-Old Girl Prefers Death to
Blindness and Inhales Gas.

Seventeen-year-old Tiny Salzberg of 800
East Houeton street attempted suicide at
her home last night by inhaling gas. She
made the attempt, she said, rather than
pass the rest of her life blind.

She was operated upon a week ago for
cataract of the eye. The other eye became
affected after the operation and the doc-
tors predicted that she would become blind.

She was taken to Gouverneur Hospital in
a critical condition.

FIGHT OVER GEN. CLAY'S ESTATE.

Son Opposes Will Leaving Property to
Kentuokilan's Divorced Wife.

Lexinaton, Ky., Sept. 6.—-Mrs. Dora
Brock left here to-night, accomyanied by
Attorneys James Andrew Scott of Frank-
fort and J. W. Norwood of this city, to offer
for probate in the Madison County Court
at Richmond to-morrow the last will of
Gen. Cassius M. Clay. Mrs. Brock was the
former wife of Gen, Clay.

He made five wills in all. The will which
Mrs. Broek has is dated March 28, 1001
It leaves to (be youn woman $10,000 in
Government bonds and valuable mineral
lands in Clay county and to the United
States Government his beautiful estate,
known as White Hall

The natural heirs of Gen. Clay will offer
for probate an undated will leaving the
property to Brutus J, Clay, a son.

Hon. J. A. Sullivan representa the heirs
and he will try to show that Gen, Clay
for the twelve years before his death was
in such a condition mentally as to be dis-
qualified from disposing of his property
by will

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

SUICIDE.

 

ee ee a a ae

ROLT HITS A

 

SCH OOL.

fiuns Three Persons and Wrechs Building's
Intertor.

} Greenport, L. 1, Sept 6.~Lightning
struek the public school building at Orient,
a few miles from this place, late yesterday
afternoon. The lightning diffused itself
all through the building, tearing wood-
work and walls, ripping the plaster and
making a general wreck of the interior
In the chemical laboratory the behining
fused some of the glass instruments anc
ruined everything

In the building at the time were Mre
Juueiue Halloek, Louis Brainbard and George
Wagner. All were stunned. Mrs. Hallock,
who was the first to revive, found a blaze
in one corner of the room where she wee,
and, although hardly able to move, obtained
a hand grenade and extinguished the flame
She started through the building looking
for more fire and found the two men tn
conscious They were taken to their
homes, where they have since recovered

ROOSEVELT HEEDSNEGROSPLEA,

Jail Condemned as tnnt tor
Vederal Prisoners

A tieorgla

Avuausias, Ga, Sept 6 -The Kiehmond
County Jail has been inspected by United
Btates officers ond declared an unfit’ place

| for Federal prisoners ‘The inspection was
made because of a complalut inade in a

veraonas leiter to Vresident Rooseavell
Ya hegro onfined in the jail The offiaere
in thei report to the Government author

ities will severely condemp the prison and
| ie nanagemen!

 

fates Waring Intelligence

Arrived See tgetown Geo grlown Dept t

The bout liack Sewe
September nuinver Juat aut Hea! yet Sola
by newsdealere Pive cents @ 0 bY e Ade

'Monpay, SepremBer 7, 1903
Fair to-day; cloudy and probably
rain to-morrow,

 

ee

eee
ee)

PRICE TWO CENTS.

SS FS LS ED

| ROOSEVELT OFF FOR SYRACUS?

GUARDS THICK ABOUT HIM AS
HE PASSES THROUGH TOWN.

 

Throng of Detectives, Secret Service Sien
and Plain (Cope Recall That it Was
the Anniversary of Mehinicy’s Assae
sination—Jacob A. Riis His Guest.

Surrounded by mounted police, Central
Office detectives and the customary guard
of Secret Service men, President Roore-
velt croased the island of Manhattan be-
tween 10:20 and 10:40 o'clock last night on
his way to Syracuse, where he is to de-
liver a Labor Day addrees this afternoon.
It was the second anniversary of the
shooting of President McKinley at Buffalo.

For the journey from Oyster Bay to Long
Island City President William H. Baldwin,
dr., of the Long Island Railroad had placed
his private car at the President's disposal.
It departed from Oyster Bay at 9 o'clock,
stopping at Richmond Hill to pick up daeob
A. Riis, who is the President's only official
guest on the trip. James A. Garfield of
the Department of Labor and Commerce
journeyed with the President from Oyster
Bay to New York.

Mr. Riis was not at the station, so the
train waited at Richmond Hill for ten
minutes and a messenger was sent to his
house to summon him. He had not ex-
pected the train so early.

“Mr. Roosevelt didn’t care about the
delay,” said Mr. Hiis later, “but my wife
did. She said to me when I was hustling
out: ‘Jacob, it's the worst thing you ever
did, to keep the Presideat aud his speeitl
waiting.’ ”

The special train reached Long Island City
at 100’clock. Police Commissioner Greene
was there to greet the President. He had
driven over in a carriage escorted by eight
mounted policemen. Gen. Greene went
into the President’s car and talked with
him while the special ferryboat was being
made ready for the President,

Gen. Greene took Sergt. Burke in with
him and the President recalled that Sergt.
Burke had shipped in the navy while he
was the Assistant Secretary. The Pres-
ident also remembered some of the Cen-
tral Office men who were with Gen. Greene
and whom the President had known while
he was a Police Commissioner.

After a short wait announcement was
made that the ferryboat was ready, and
between files of Secret Service officers
and Central Office men_ the President,
with Secretary Loeb and Gen. Greene,
walked aboard. No passengers other than
the official party were allowed on the boat.

The President made the journey across
the East River in a carriage, talking with
Gen, Greene and smoking a cigar, As
soon as the boat touched the dock at the foot
of Thirty-fourth street the mounted police
closed in about the carriage, while cabs
containing the Secret Aervwos men drew
in before and behind the President’s car-
riage, and thus the travel across Man-
hattan was begun.

The carriage was open and Mr, Roosevelt
lifted hie hat to the few-ourious ones who
‘were gathered near the station, The
mounted police set a rattling pace over
Thirty-third street to Fifth avenue, down
Fifth avenue to Tenth street and across to
the Christopher street ferry.

A ferryboat was in waiting, and between
the lines of police, mounted and afoot,
the President was driven aboard, The
gates were closed and no other paasen-
gers were allowed in. Here the mounted
police turned back. The Central Office
men and the Secret Service forces went
on to Hoboken.

When the ferryboat reached Hoboken
the President's carriage drove into the
station and d ited its passengers on
the platform close to the Bpeoia: train which
was there waiting, with the private car of
Presid Truesdale of the Lackawanna

for the ident’s use.
A crowd of 300 to 400 of the ple of
Hoboken was formed there. y ex-

cted a speech from the President, but

6 explained to them in a few words that
as it was Sunday night he could not make
a speech. ‘They cheered him and he went
aboard the train, o minutes later it
steamed’ out of the station.

At Syracuse the President will review
the Labor Day parade this morning then
go to the fair grounds, where he will make
a speech. After the s h he will be the
guest at an informal luncheon on the fair
grounds. He will then return to the
Oty ane review the letter carriers’ parade.

le will dine with ex-Senator Frank
Hiscock and will leave Syracuse at 9:30
o'clock to-night. He will arrive in New
York at 7:30 on Tuesday morning and will
reach Oyster Bay three hours later. It is
pombe that he will take breakfast in New
ork with Douglas Robinson.

 

TO WELCOME PRESIDENT.
Richmond Hill to Turn Out for Him en

Return From Syracuse.

Richmond Hill is preparing to give Presi-
dent Roosevelt a rousing welcome when
he stops there on Tuesday morning on his
way to Oyster Bay from Syracuse, The
President's train will stop at Richmond
Hill on ite way to Oyster Bay to enable
Jacob A. Riis, who js to be one of the Prest-
dent's party on the Syracuse trip, to alight.
The President haa agreed to make a short
speech, and to-day the village will deck
itself in flags in honor of the visit. It ia
expected the train will reach Richmond
Hill about 8:30 to-morrow morning

PERRY 8. HEATH HAS A COAL MINE

Rich Vein Found on Land He Had Pre-
empted Three Days Before.

Sar Lakk Crry, Sept. 6.--Perry 8. Heath,
formerly Assistant Postmaster-Genere!,
made a free jand entry on Government
land on Aug. 28. Three days later the
greatest coal discovery in (le history
the Weatern country was made on (he tra
whieh Mr. Heath had joe apted unde
the Federal laws. Thie renackable streak
of luck will net Mr. Heat), close to $600,000

he coal find ia a remarkable one it
was uncovered by Joseph Acocks, who at
onee reported to Mr. Heath A migh
vein it is, running from eight to forty fet
{n thickness and extending from jorthens
to sout!. for a diatanea of aver ely tit roller

Bight entnes have been made inte the
strata, which dipsonan angle: {10 degrees
Assaye show it to betriue Cumberland era
whieh ia of the Pox Hill formation and
clean and free from dirt Ker four mi

 

a

the vein rung ao chose to the surface tha
can be uncovered with a eho veland enoug
toyun the coast for yeare may be oblaine |
by Blioply buying if
The coal is situated three miter firm t
Burlingtonesxtansion, seven duller from
Oregon Short Line and six miles from the
} Union Paci Kail ad Phe Harri
BYelely haa already entered infty egeotta

tlons for the land
George A. Bom Vaken merinuely Hl on
a Trein

POVGHKREPAIE, hep 0
of the

orge A Kor

aud Heal

Fatate Company of iv adway, New

York, was taken dangerously ill on «a Hud

{ie River Maliroad train early Chie mor
|

[nverstinent
Ji

Columbur

ing Hoe was removed from the trata at
this city and taken to Vowew: Hospital tn
on ambulanos, He bad partaken freely
of raw oymers before leaving New York
and slowed symptome of plomaiue poten

ing At the Vowpital tomigt Wowae walt
vat he had atte daadigeetion but waa br

proving