Stato
+) mie

IS—Pull-

Vv, Brook:
y Station.
baggage

R, Re

days.
D ye "1:30

eet onlyh
5:55 P.M,

, 2100
. (Diner),
xclusively
ner), "58
LK, 1100

ht

, 25 Union
Brooklyn}
ge checke

tions.

 

$0 P.
no P,
425 P.
n40 P. a
60) P.M.
pi" pM
goo PM

en Ain
pe routes
Agent

Sin5
Ssts
PPPPr
BREBA

 

—_————————

VOL. LXVIL—NO. 256
——_—_——

FREE STATERS LOSE HEART.

arnuy Ts REPORTED DEMORALIZED
BULLER AGAIN FIGHTING?

Romors of a Battle-No Farther Fighting

 

Natal
Expected by Roberts South of the Vaal
River Retreat of Transvaalers Orderly

—Destroy Supplies They Could Not Take
From Kroonstad-American Woman Raises
British Flag Over Town When Roberts Ea-

tere- Boers Reported Leaving Thaba N’Cha.

Special Cable Despaten to THE SUN,

Lonpos, May 14 The rapid success of Gen.
Roberta's inareh on Bloemfontein and Kroon-
{the decision of the Boers not to defend
the latter place, notwithstanding its strongly
positions, Was clearly owing
to the @reat numerical superiority of
the British army, Whatever might have
been the strength of the Boer entrenchments
on the Valsch River and of their frontal posi-
ton, Which was suid to have been virtually im-
preguable, they could not have availed against
an enemy advancing in so extensive a line
as the British, Gen. Roberts's tremendous
eweep and = tis flanking operations, which
hisbuge mounted force made possible, com-
pletely defeated the intentions of the burghers,
whose positions were completely overiapped,
ing them no option except to retreat or be
circled. Had the British Generals in the
earlier stages of the war been able to dispose of
guch mounted troops as are at Gen. Roberts's
command the story of the past few months
would have been far different,

stad, an<

prepared

 

The Boer commanders conducting the rear- |

guard action in the direction of Kroonstad
realized this superiority in time to prevent
adisaster They promptly decided to evacu-
ate kroonstad, and this they did, so far
as can be ascertained, in an orderly
fashion, saving all their guns and a
large convoy of railway stock, besides destroy-
{ng quantities of stores which they were unable
toremove. The latter included several thou-
sand pounds’ worth of mealies and general pro-
Visions

With the exception of the engine shed, pumps
aud tanks, they seem to have left nothing tn
the town that is valuable to the British, and
that these remain was owing tothe failure of

two attermpts to wreck the main bridge across |

the Vaisch River, which made the final exit of
the Boers somewhat hurried. A small bridge
cose to the town was left intact.

Major Weston, of the Engineers, and Scout |

Burnham tried to repeat the line cutting which
secured the rolling stock at Bloemfontein for
the British, but in this case they were too late,
and the Boers thus saved seven engines and
several trains, one of which contained $200,000
inspecie. Animmense quantity of stores was
carried off

There are no very reliable particulars con-
cerning the number of Boers who quitted
Krounstad, but they are vaguely described as
being several thousand, One correspondent
places the number at 10,000, and says thata

few of the residents accompanied the fighting |

force. The Landdrost went with obvious

reluetance to meet Gen, Roberts, who waited

outside the town while the head of the column

passed in. He led the Guards Brigade in. When
he arrived the band of the Scots Guards plaved
the national anthem in the market place, while
the union jack was hoisted by Mra. Lockhead,
an American, who is the wife of a Scotchman
About five hundred Free State Boers sur-
rendered their rifles, The correspondents send
the mos? positive assurances concerning
demoralization of the ree State Boers. One
ascribes to Gens. Botha and De Wet the asser-

tion that they are hopeless of ever get-
ting the burghers to face the British
again. All are convinced that there will be no

further fighting south of the Vaal River, and
some doubt that a stand will even be made
there. They say that very few Free State
Roers went north with the Transvaalers. A
majority of them dispersed and are now try-
{ng to reach their homes unobserved,

‘There seems to be an inclination in the British
cainp to predict the speedy end of the war. On
the other hand, President Steyn, who is
variously believed to have gone to Pretoria,
Lindley and Heilbron, is represented as deter-
mined to continue the struggle even if
he treks with the Transvaalers to the
Limpopo River, the northern boundary of the
Bouth Afriean Republic. One or two of the
correspondents say that President Steyn, after
tearfully appealing to his countrymen at
Kroonstad not to retreat, resorted to foros,
alambokking and kicking individuals who re-
fused to comply, These and similar stories
emanate from English residents of the town

The Boers who have been holding Lady-
brand and the country in that neighborhood
are reported to have taken alarm and are
evacuating their fortified hill positions and are
retreating to I4ndley. Gen. Rundle holds
Thaba N’Chu strongly and has a continuous
line of troops thirty miles east of that town

A party of Brabant’'s Horse have occupied the
Lieuw River Mills without opposition and
captured an enormous stock of grain, Four
he
frain retreated toward Clocolan. The pros-
pect of the burghers giving trouble in this neigh-
borhood seems at the moment greater than
near the British headquarters. They are very
mobile and thoroughly know the country, which
favors their methods. Their chief concentra-
tion ls, perhaps, broken up, but separate com-
Mandos are moving without transport, ready
to strike any weak point in the British linea,

Persistent rumors coma from Durban that
heavy fighting has taken place on Gen. Buller’s
front. A Red Cross train left for the north on
Raturday night. One Durban correspondent
reports the arrival thereon Saturday of more
than a hundred wounded troops. The censor-
ship continues most stringent, and it is im-
Dossible to estimate the value of the reports.

Adespatch from Lorenzo Marques says it is
Mimored there that the Transvaal Volksraad at
Aserret session resolved to order all residents,
Irrespective of nationality, to assist in the dea-
fence of the republic,

The Times's correspondent at Kroonstad says
{t's reported that President Kruger will re-

Move to L.wdenburg as soon as President Steyn
n
soins him

 

TO MEET TRE BOER ENVOYS,

A Greeting Down the Bay When the Maasdam
Comes In and Another at Her Dock.

\rrangements were completed last night at
the Morton House forthe deputation from the
- zens ommittee, Measrs. Van

en Van Rensselaer, Van Sicklen
. d Kennedy and Councilman Oak-
*Y, to go down the bay this morning ona rev-
enue cutter to greet the Boer Envoys, Messrs
Fischer, Wo narans and Wessels, and give
them welcome to America, shonld the Maas-
Cam ary ‘dav Mr

Companies the deputation to introduce them to

theenvovs, Judge
Address of wajen
\

Blreer

Reception ¢
. Banta
Alderman

ve t

ne

Hoboken, she will be met by the Execu-

Tinittee of the Citizons’ Reception
tae committees from the Board
‘Tren and City Council. Mayor Fagan
he Hoboken city authorities will officially
he Prvoys atthe dock. Carriages will be
Jting to bring the Envoys and citizens’

SO to New York. The procession will drive
hen Hotel Mant attan, where a suite of rooms

en ePngag

A me

   

 

  

called ar the the Reception Committee is
and apr he ltotel Manhattanfor this evening

vo enti setients will be made to escort the
their arne st” City Hall the next day after

ce pitrival, where Mayor Van Wyck will
front 0 The freedom of the city and the
trian tal smcele em nd, pre

er » "7 »
Were passed last rome of sympathy which

the |

indred Boers who attempted to save this |

Montagu White ac- |

Van Hoesen will make an |

eh the Miasdatn reaches her dock, Sixth |

 

NEW }

QUIGG'S SUCCESSOR SELECTED.

Executive Chairman, Too.

Republican politicians familiar with the con-
ditions in this county said yesterday that the
men who have had under consideration the
selection of a President of the County Commit-
tee to succeed Lemuel E. Quigg had reached a
decision, and that it would be possible for Mr.
Quigeé to resign and for his successor to be

| elected at the regular meeting of the committee
which will be held on Thursday evening. But
because Chairman Odell, of the Siate Comunit-
tee, ls away, the resignation of Mr. Quigg and
the election of a new President will be held
over, itis stated, until the June meeting. Mr
Odell will return in about two weeks
When the County Committee meets on Thurs-
» day evening several important amendments to
| the by-laws will be proposed, intended to pre-
pare the way for a radical change in ita organi-
gation. These amendments will separate the
oMice of chairman of the Executive Committee
from the oMice of President of the County Com-
mittee, The President of the committee is now
ex officio chairman of the Executive Committee
The Executive Committee is composed of
one member from each Assembly district, who
{sy elected by the County Committee delegation
from the district. The Executive Committee-
man is the Jeader of the district, and the Exec-

utive Committee holds frequent meetings, at
which matters of importance to the party are
| settled. Its chairman has great powers and in-

ence,
| Mr. Quigg, it isstated, has givenup the {dea

of getting this chairmanship

Under the rules and regulations of the County
| Committee proposed amendments to them can
' not be acted upon exceptat aregular moeetiog.
ten days at least after a meeting at whic
written notice of them has been given. Amend-
ments can be adopted “only by an affirmative
| yote of all the members elected to the
County Committee present at a regular mpet-
tng’ and each member must be notified: fn
writing of them at least forty-eight hours be-
fore the meeting. The June meeting % the
committee will be held on the 2ist of the
|} month. The Republican National Convention
! willopen tn Philadeiphia on June 19, butit was
| sald yesterday that it would not interfere with
the meeting

CONSTABLE

' JAMES M. DEAD.

Head of Arnold, Constable & Co.-88 Years
Old and Diligent tn Basiness to the Last.
James M. Constable, head of the firm of

Arnold, Constable & Co., died late on Saturday

night at the house of his son-in-law, Hicks

) Arnold, at 7 Fast Fighty-third street He

| was 88 years old. His death was unexpected,

 

for he had been ill only slightly with
| what was thought to be a light cod,
and bad been at business within two

or three days. On account of his advanced
| age, it was thought best to have a trained
| nurse in attendance, Hia son-in-law
| Saturday evening with Mr who
; seemed in good spirits and to be doing well,
but a short time after Mr Arnoldle!t the room
| the nurse came to him with the news that Mr
| Constable was dying. Death came shortly be-
| fore midnight. Cable messages were sent to
his son, Frederick A. Constable, and his
| daughter, Mrs Fdwin H Weatherbee, who
| have just arrived in Europe, and the arrange-
ments for the funeral will not be decided upon
until word has been received from them
James Mansell Constable was born in Stoning-
ton, England, in 1812, and came to this country
| in 1836 on a pleasure trip with his father He
! was much impressed with the country and on
| his return expressed a desire to come over hera
and look out for business opportunities, Four
years laterhecame and got a place wlth h4
friend Aaron Arnold in the dry goods house
downtown, which was the forerunnerof the
present firm. A few vears thereaftat he mar-
ried Henrietta Arnold, the daughter of Mr,
Arnold and became a member of the firm, the
name being changed to Arnold, Constable &
Co Mre Constable died tn 1884 Their
| children are Frederick A. Constable, Harriet,
| who married Hicks Arnold, and Amy H, who
married Edwin H Weatherbee
| Mr. Constable became the head of the firm
| upon the death of Aaron Arnold) The other
partners are his son and his son-in-law, Mr
Arnold, a nephew of Aaron. Mr. Constable
retained to the last the most activa interest in
the affairs of the firm and was at his office
every morning at 9 o'clock. He was largely
interested in real estate inthia city, matniy in
the business districts, The Constable Building
on Fifth avenue was owned by himself and his
children and he was part owner of other large
buildings. As the firm te rated at $14,000,000 he
Was probably a millionaire many times over
In tastes Mr. Constable was quiet and domes-
tic Such of his timeas was not spent at the
Store he spentathome He was a member of
the Reform Club, the Metropolitan Museum of
Art, the National Academy of Design, the
American Geographical Society, the Uptown
Association and the American Museum of Nat-
ural History, of which he was Vice-President,
He was the oldest directorof the Kank of New
York, one of the oldest members of the Cham-
ber of Commerce and a trustee of the
institution for the savinws of merchants’ clerks
He gave largely to charities, but with the pro-
viso generally that the gifts should not be made
public. He was also much interested in church
work, in art and natural history. Heand his
children built, a8 a memorial to his wife, a
Protestant Episcopal Church at Mamaroneck.
For several years Mr. Constable had been Hving
at the house of bis son-in-law.

spent

Constable,

 

TAMPERED WITH WATER METERS

 

Arrests in Chicago for Manicipal Frauds That
Mav Amount to $100,000,

CHicaco, May 13.—Extensive frauds have
been discovered in the city Water Department.
The arrest of two of those engaged in them,
Clarence M. Wolf, arate taker, and George W
Piggott, a driver, have been made already, and
the arrests of othera are tofollow. The loss to
the city is estimated by Water Departinent of-
cials to be bet wee $50,000 and $100,000
For several years there have been come
plainta to the Water Department that large
users of water have been approached by men
who said they were able to ‘fix’ water bills
and thus reduce their water tax. In most of
the cases reported the property owners have
declined indignantly to be parties to the fraud
James G. Trainer of Southard & Company,
real estate dealers, went to the city Water
Office andtold H © Nourse, the Superinten-
| dent, thata man had comein the offlee of the
Hotel Ranier, Thirty-third street and Cottage
Grove avenue, which had just been purchased
by the firm, and asked for his money. Mr
Trainer told him he Was unaware that he was
indebted to him and wanted to know who he
waa

“lam the water man,''said thecaller. He
said he wasthe man who had been fixing the
meter for the hotel. and that, according to his
contract with the manager, he was to receive
$25 a month for his services Mr Trainer
tnformed him tha e former manager had left
the hotel. Hesaid he uld confer with the
former manager anc the * water
man’ again

  

we
we

 

nd see

Mr. Trainer reported the matter to Commins-
‘ident Nourse and

it wus decided to ec ure the mon Chief of
ves Colloran detailed John MeSweoney

 

   

Bailey on the case. On
n Wolfe went to the Ranier
both went into
broke the wax seal
took off the ean. The
hands on the dial, whieh are usually soldered
} to the shaft, were lopse, They turned the
| hands back several thousand feet ao as to make
j the bill for the current month about the
amount that had been agreed on Just as thay
had completed their work the detectiyos
' jumped from their places of concealinent and
placed Wolfe and Piggott under arrest
The officers found upen them serewdrivers,
lead seals, sealing wax, a candle and other ap-
pllances which belonged not to ratestakers and
drivers, but to employees whose duty itis to
place and seal meters
In speeking of the
Nourse said) “We have no doubt that tthis
| business has been going on for vear The
city has lost somewhere between $50,000 and
$100,000."

“O'Neill's Great Silk Sale

Begins this morning. See their advertisement. 6th
Afe., 20th to 2ist Si -Ade

and Detective Ja
Saturday afterne
driver and

 

with his
the basement. They
of the meter and

|
sioner McGann and Superint
|
|
|
|

 

   

arresta to-day Supt

 

 

 

     
 

  

YORK,

 

ing from the bure

    

   

MONDAY. }
WAITING FOR CURRENCY,
813,000,000 NOW DUE THE ONkE
THOUSAND NATIONAL BANKS,

Under the New Currency Act Each Bank Will
Have to Be Supplied With New Plates, aad
It Will Take the Treasury Bereaa From
Four to Six Months to Engrave Them,

 

WasHincton, May 13.—Over one thousand
banks will have to be supplied with new cur-
renoy plates under the Currency act of March
14, and it will be four to eix months before all
cay get these plates. About $15,000,000 is now
due the banks in currency, ted up because it
cannot be printed until new plates are inade,
The regular force of engravers at the Bureau of
Printing and Engraving, and all of the addi-
tional engravers that Assistant Secretary Van-
derlip has been able to hire, are at work
twelve hours a day engraving these plates,

as woll as the plates for the fifteen dif-
ferent styles and denominations of the
new 2 per cent. bonds. The best that

the Bureau can do is to furnish fifty plates
weekly, Before Aasistant Secretary Vander-
lip took up the matter at the Bureau, on the
resignation of Director Johnson, only twenty-
five plates weekly wore being delivered, Even
at this rate, fifty a week, it will be from four to
six months before all the banks that have bonds
on deposit, and to which additional currency
fs die, will get thelr notes. These banks are
beginning to see what this delay will mean to
them and are becoming anxious. There will
be no relief, as the engraving division is being
crowded to its utmost capacity

When the new Currency act of March 4 last
went into effect there were 926 banks inthe
country that had bonds on deposit in the Treas-
ury. Since that time over one hundred new
banks have been established under the act, and
in many insta ces all of their capital ts invested
inGovernment bonds, These banks are the
greatest sufferers from the delay caused in en-
raving the new plates. Some special orders
forplates have been given to relieve these
banks and the question has come up as to mak-
ing the plates for new banks all special orders.
Thishas not been decided, It is Ilkely, hows
ever, thatall plates will hereafter be made in
the regular order of rotation in which applica-
tions have reached the Deparunent.

Lhe cause of this situation is apparent from a
reading of the Currency act of March i4. Under
that act the 926 banks having bonds on deposit
have the right to circulate national bank cur-
reney to the limit of their deposits of bonds
They had, up to March 16, only five-dollar plates
Fach bank has to have plates of its own. Thea
hew act, in section 12, limits the issue of $4 to
one-third tho @irculation of any bank, so the
engraving of these $s had to stop immediately
Then the process of taking up these Ss, down to
one-third of each banks’ circulation, began, and
{n their piace the substitution of 108 and 20s is
to bamade Burt until the plates for these tia
and 20s are engraved the process only goes half
way -the withdrawing of $8, but uo issuing of
108 and 20a

There are three stylas of plates that the en-
graving division makes. One with four five-
dollar notes on #& sheet: another with three 10
aud one 20, and a third ts a half-sheet en-

raving of one $60 and one $100 note. Thebanks

o not like the latter large denominations, and
only the new banks need the first, so the most
popular plate and the one most in demand is
what fs called the 10-20 plate

Another provision of the act, section 7, ree
quires thet silver certificates of denominations
above $10 shall be canceled and certificates of
$10 or under shall ba issued to take thelr place,
The object and result of the provisions of the
act limiting the cireulation of $3 national bank
notes to one-third its foriner volume, substi-
tuting larger notes of thesame kind, of $10 or
over, and at the same tine cancelling all silver
certificates larger than $10 and substituting
small denominations, are tofnrnish the coun-
trv with smal! silver certificates of $10 or under
with which to transact business. The bulk of
the business of the country is transacted in
money of denominations under $10

The effect of bringing all these changes about
falls with allits force upon the Treasury De-
Barton" and particularly upon the Bureau of

*rinting and Engraving and the Issue Division
ofthe Treasury ‘The Issue Division is ree iv-
' 140.000 sheets of small silver
certificates dailv, where ordinarily only about
15,000 sheets daily have in the past supplied the
demand. Between the rush of printing the new
national bank notes and the demand for small
silver certificates the Buraau of Engraving and
Printing has been more busy than any time in
recent years, if notinits history A week or so
ago the number of sheets of silver certificates
delivered to the Issue Division of the Treasury
fell one day t0.9.000. This caused the head of
the division to call Assistant Secretary Vander-
lip's attention to the falling off, and the limit of
40,000 sheets daily was reached the ast Week
On Saturday, however, only 28,000 sheets were
received,

RUNAWAY IN WASHINGTON SQUARE,

 

Gets Into the Park, Kills a Small Boy and
Leaves a Man Half Dead.

Gaetano Ouletto, a year anda hal! old, was
killed by a runaway cab horse which got jnto
Washington Square Park about 5 o'clock ®ea-
terday afternoon and injured a man and
Gaetano’s two small brothers also

The horse was from Frank Bros.’ stables in
Twenty-fourth street and was driven by
Samuel Morse of 521 Hudson street. Driving
down Sixth avenue near Elghth street, the
horse's breech strap broke and the cab over-
ran the horse, which bolted

At Washington place the horse ran on the
sidewaik, nearly upsetting the oab and throw-

ing Morse from his seat. A few yards fur-
ther Alfred Rosse of , i

on o§ King street
was knocked down The horse passed on
over him, turned east and fran into

Washington Square Park. It eutered the park
by afootpath and got as far asthe fountain
without doing any further damage Just be-
yond the three Onietto boys, James, 11 years
old, Anthony, 8, and Gaetano were walking
along hand in hand, James made a futile en-
deavor to drag his small brothers out of the
wiy of the horse when he heardit galloping
behind them, but it swept by, knocking them
all down and the cab wheels crushing the life
out of Gaetano

(Policeman Martin of the Mercer street station
stopped the horse at Broadway. Policeman
Miller had in the meantime arres:ed Morse
whose right foot waa bruised, and had sent
Kosse to St. Vincent's Hospital, His left arm
was broken, his right foot crushed, his head eut
open and he was injured internally. The two
older Quletto boys Were also sent to the hospital
badly bruised. Gaetano's body was taken to
the Mercer street station

BRONX JUDGE IN A RUNAWAY,

Coachman, Two Women and Two Cops Thrown
Refore His Horses Were Stopped.

Judge Willam W. Pentleld of the First Munici-
pal District Court in The Bronx, his sister, Mias
E Penfield, and Mrs. Arthur Flint of Wakefield
are recovering to-day from a severe shaking up
they received Saturday afternoon in arunaway
atthe entrance of the Morris Park racetrack.
The Judge and the two women, in a carriage
drawn by o team of black horses, were about
to enter the track when the horses shied at an
automobile which was coming out, and veered

to the eight so suddenly that the coachman was
thrown off The team started down Bear
Swamp rood, a narrow street tullof holes and
boulders, running alongside the track

 

 

Tue hor

‘9 nad rone only a short distance
wher

of the carriage wheels went Into a
hole, and the two women were thrown out
Phe horses raced on, Mounted Policemen Maas
avd Price of West Chester after them. They
had got alongside, and Policeman Price was
about to reach over to arab the bridle when his
horse stumbled ona rock, and he was thrown
Policeman Maus continued the race He was
grabbing for the bridle in his turn, when one
of the rinnwas tepped on his horse's forefoot,
ind Prew was thrown tle held on to the bridle
and was dragged some distance, but was forced
at last to let his horse go. ‘He was found
later with his shoulder sprained

Phe runaways presently came out. into West
Farms road, where Acting Captain Henry Bur-
field Was waiking He saw the horses coming,
gotout into the middie of the road and as they
exame along grabbed one of the horses by the
bridleand hung on until he succeeded in stop.
ping the team Judge Penfleld was unhurt
ihe women were taken to Kearneyv's Hotel,
Where they were attended by Dr. O'Brien. The
policemen, after being cared for, reported sick,

one

 

 

A Train Every Hour 4

From Grand Central Station, along the siete

River Srouae (he Mohawk Valley to Buffalo ani
the West, by the New York Central,--Adan
,

So ee

IAY 14, 1900.—COPYRIGIIT.

———

  

      

   

 

  

WEAVER LOSES HIS YACHT,

 

The Norna Seized at Auckland for Debt and
Ordered Sold.

SAN Francisco, May 13.-Commodore N. J.
Weaver, who has been crulsing about for two
yoars past in his yaebt Norna, and who has
had a number of unpleasant experiences, has
lost bis boat and it has reverted to o San
Francisco woman.

Starting from New York with the handsomely
equipped Norna, Weaver cruised from island to
island and from mainiandto mainland Weaver
liked to play poker, and there has usually been
talk of high play on the Norna wherever she
touched. Sometimes Weaver found it diMfoult
to raise funds, but he managed totravel around
the world.

When the Norna was at Honolulu papers of
that city got an inkling of Weaver's record.
He had borrowed money from people there and

some trouble was caused for him. His yacht
was attached for $6,000, but he gave
a bottomry bond for the amount and

sailed for the Samoangroup. At Samoa Weaver
is said to have borrowed money onsome scheme
and the lenders sent letters of inquiry to this
city. Beforea reply was reveived the Norna

sailed. On her arrival at Auckland Weaver
entertained a gathering of notables, but afew
days later Mrs. Hattie Wallace appeared to lay
claim to the yacht and to let the colonials
know of Weaver's ways.

Mrs Wallace {a a widow of means who is
travelling for recreation. When Weaver was at
Honolulu, she says, she loaned him $6,000
on the yacht on his representation that he
was Commodore of the Atlantic Yacht Club
of New York anda man of wealth and station.
She had been entertained on the Norna by
Weaver and his wife and had been thoroughly
convinced that he was financially — re-
sponsibile and suffering from only a tem-

orary embarrassment, The Auckland Judge

eard the testimony, and after taking the case
under consideration ordered the Norna sold.
Weaver went to Sydney to raise money to pay
olf the debt, but bad failed to secure unds up
to the time that the steatnér Alameda left

 

there,

Weaver was arrested in this elty {fn 1888
for an alleged swindle, but, although
Edward Hardman, who was arrested at
the same time, got a year in jail, Weaver
wns discharged for Inack o evidence,
He was again arrested i June, 1806

in this city, but again nothing could be proved
againat him, andhe was discharged In Ang-
st, 1807, Weaver took the Norna to Gosport,
ngland, and flew the Commodore's flag of the
Atlantic Yacht Club, When news of this reached
this city Weaver's connection with the Atlantlo
Yacht Club ceased

Weaver started the Norna on her present
cruise in October, 1808. He said that besides his
crew he had on board A. E. Howlett, naturalist;
Dr ‘beodore A. Worrell, physician and botanist
and H P Taylor of Buffalo. He announced
that he would visit Bombay, Ceylon, Borneo,
Tasmania, New Zealand, the South Sea Islands
New Guinea, the Philippines, Corea, Japan and
Alaska ‘

The American Conaul at Aden notified the
State Department {n March, 1800, that the
Norna had been lost in the Red Sea, but tn
October, 149y, word came that the yacht had
been attached in Honolulu

HAD HIMSELF BOUND AND GAGGED.

Drug Clerk in Chicago Robs His Employer to
Get Money to Edncate Himeelf,

Curcaao, May 13.- With hands and feet bound
and with a gag in his mouth, J. A. Gabrielson
lay on the floor of a drug store at 1770 West
Chicago avenue early yesterday morning and
waited for the proprietor to come and open the
store H. J. Adis, the owner of the store,
arrived at 7 o'clock and tohis amazement found
his clerk lying behind the counter ou his back
with his arms tied under him and his’ feet
bound fast together, while a handkerchief filled
his mouth ‘Things in the store were upset.

When Adis took away the ro
Gabrielson related the tale. He said that aman
wearing fine clothes and a silk hat had him up
at § o'clock in the morning, and that when he
opened the door the stranger had presented a
revolver at his head and ordered hirn to hold up
hie hands, which he did. The robber, Gabriel-
son said, then backed bim pete the store, or-
dered him to lie down, and then bound and
gagwed him Having done this, the robber
searohed tha store and appropriated | coweral
hundred doliars' worth of jewelry and 865

Mr. Adis cut the bonds of his clerk and notl-
fied the West Lake street police. Lieut. Beard
and Policemen Neilon and Newman went to
work on the case, which appeared to be one of
the most daring cases of robbery of the year
At the end of afew honrs’ work Beard decided
to arrest Gabrielson :

The voung man was locked up in a cell,
stoutly affirming his previous story A few in-
terviews with the police induced him to change
his mind, however, and he mace a full con-
fession. He told the lice that Alexander
Reick, aclerk ina pawnshopat Thirty-fifthand
Siate streets, was implicated with him in the
conspiracy to rob the druggist. Reick was
arrested Jater and lockedaip .

Gabrielson said that Reick had bound him
and stuffed the handkerchief in his mouth about
6 o'clock

Gabrielson is 20 vears old. He waa formerly
astudent at Northern University and told the
police his object In committing the robbery was
to get funds with which to complete his educa-
tion.

 

7WOo GANGS OP BURGLARS NABBED,

One Had a Wagon for Their Plander and
Drove Aronnd Too Much.

A wagon, with its sides plastered with news-
paper posters, was driven +o often through
Allen street after midnight on Saturday that It
aroused the suspicions of Detectives Cohen and
Grimshaw of the Eldridge street station and
they followed if to 114 Stanton street, where it
stopped and five men alighted, and walking to
123 Stanton street bewan to force au entrance
there. Two more plain-clothes men joined
Cohen and Grimshaw and the four made for
the burgiars, getting three of the five.

Anexamination showed that five different

attempts to force an entrance into the place
ped been made. The panels of two doors ha

eel foreed, but the owner, Louis Gerber, ha
piled his stock of oil cloth ard carpet roils
against the doors and theburglare couldn't get
through the broken panels. A neighboring
baker interfered with the burglars’ work, for
every time oneof his wagons drew up for a
load of bread they had to drive awey to avoid
detection. It was while on these frequent
time-killing trips that the detectives noticed
the wagon, The burglars intended to use it
to carry offthe heavy plunder, and the news-
paper posters were to avert suspicion, #60 many
newspaper delivery wagons being on the streets
on Saturday nights.

In the Fssex Market police court yesterday
three prisoners were held for trial. They were
Phillip Abrams of 186 Norfolk street, Bernard
Gordon of 13 Delaney and Charles W. Scott,
alias Kid" Aaron, of 24 Second avenue, who
has served a term in prison before

Joseph Pope of 03 Chrystie street, Thomas and
Commiteh Sutil, brothers, of 15 Marion. street,

1900, BY THE SUN PRI

nn Shots lS sss SSS SSS SSS SS ssl es tees SSS sts SS

Cuno Capobianco of 23 Marion street and Joseph |

Fiipi of 35 Crosby street were remanded yes-
terday in the Centre street police courticharged
with burglary atthe storeof A Hahn a& Co, at
472 Broadway on Friday night Leather goods
worth $60 were stolen and these were trared to
Isaac Brobeky of 61 Kavardatreet) Hewas ar-
rested and held and it was only a few hours be-
fore the five alleged burglars were in custody

 

A BROKEN THIGH AT 81,

Boy Bleyciist Kans Down Old Mr. Guyon in
the Street) Me May Dte of Shock.
James S Guyon, &1 vears old, of 212
Forty-fifth street, while on hia way to chureh
lost night was knocked down at Fifty-ninth
street and Eighth avenne by a bieyele ridden by
Jonas Fiegensen, 15 vears old, of 932 Eust
Elghty-second street, Mfr Guyon was thrown
heavily and Fiegensentollup nm hum. The bos
gotup and Policinan Tracy attempiwed to pick
up Mr. Guyon, but he eereamed so that the
policeman was forced to desist,

When Dr Kennedy of Roosevelt Hospital ar-
rived with an ambulance, he said that Mr.
Guyon hada broken thigh and wanted to re-
move him to the hospital Mr Guyon insisted
on being taken home. When the ambulance
got him there his daughter and hia son-in-law,
Mr. and Mrs. J. A Ritter, were atehurch, The
servant went for the family physician, but
could not find him until after 9 o'clook. By
that time Mr. Gcuyon was almost delirious with

ain and the physician said that nothing conld
pe done toward setting the broken bone until
this morning, when ether could be used

Mr. Guyon {s in a serious condition from
shock, the pain and his advanced age [Ta re-
tired from the wholesale meat trade in Staten
Island a few vears ago. _ His son-in-law is the
manager of a wholesale drug house.

NAS

 

West

 

Through Sleeper to Cleveland

Via Penosyivania Railroad. Leaves West 23d street
station, daily, at 7:55 P. M.—Ads

RATHBONE TO BE REMOVED

CUBA IS

 

DIRECTOR OF POSTS IN
NOW ACCUSED,

He Farnished His House at a Cost of $3,000
and in the Bill Were Items for Hosiery and
Underwear—Gave His Stepson, a Student
at Harvard, an OMce Worth 61,800 a Year.

WASHINGION, May 13--Aimong those con-
nected with the Cuban acandal it seems to be
definitely settled that Director of Posts Rath-
bone is to be removed within a few days. ‘Ihis
action will be based on a laxity of business
methods, serious to the degree of carelessness,
without taking into account various instances
of alleged misconduct, which have reached

the ears of the Administration. Who is
to succeed Mr. Rathbone and the reim-
bursement to be made Cuba for

the money stolen, are questions which have not
been finally considered. Simultaneously with
the arrival) of Col. Burton have come several
despatches from the military and civil officials
in Cuba which tend to throwa great deal of
light on the present situation. This informa-
tion was fully discussed at an informal Cabinet
session held last night. The conclusions reached
were: That the dissemination of further infor-
mation, exceptsuch bulletins as are unques-
tionably accurate, shall cease, and that the in-
vestigations now in progress shall be con-
ducted, as they were begun, separately, and
hurried to the fullest degree posstble

1tis now known that the steeling bas been in
Progress for over a year, and that the total
shortage 60 far discovered is about $106,000. Of
this sum $86,000 has been taken since Jan. 1. It
is accepted as true, also, that Neely could not
have acted singly, in fact, that he must have
had the constant cooperation of officials
from the Treasury Department and sone

one connected with the military Gov-
ernment. As it presented itself to the
Cabinet the difficulty of stealing in
Cuba seemed = greater than that in

this country. Here, tf a Cabinet minister chose
to countersign false bills for supplies furnished
and the auditor chose to approve auch bills, the
Money would be paid without question and only
those two persons know of thefraud. In Cuba
there is an additional safeguard. If the Director
of Ports there should choose to steal and the audi-
tor join with him, their accounts would still be
supervised by the military authorities, The
disponition to throw all the responsibility on the
Post OMoce Department is thus checked and the
Treasury and War Departments made equally
responsible

Mr. Rathbone, according to information
Which seems vepy credible and which ts
said to be accepted by the Cabinet, will have
to explain anumber of entries in his own ac-
count book. After full consideration, and in
view of the fact that houses had been given
Gen Brooke and Col. Ludlow, it was decided
bere in Washington that Mr. Rathbone should
have a house also. This was about the
time the Director Géneral’s salary was read-
Justed. In the rearrangement of his privi-

leges no provision was made for fur-
nishing Mr.  Rathbone’s dwelling. He
accordingly took the matter into his

own hands, procured a generous supply of
furniture and presented to the auditor an item-
{zed billfor his purchases. It happened that
this bill went toa Cuban clerk, who observed
that underwear and hosiery were included, and
as it surpassed any allowances of the Spanish
régime he refused to issue the vouchers. Thers-
upon the account was presented toan American
clerk, was countersigned by the auditor and
approved by the military authorities. The
Whole amount involved was $8,000

Several times the Director General came to
this country and each trip of that nature cost
the Cubans 22,000. This was paidina! ipsum
with the full approval of the other officials. In
this country Mr. Rathbone is said to have
drawn mileage for each member of his party,
while he travelled on passes Fin illy, a place
was given his Stepaon, Worth $1,800 a year,
and he was permitted to hold oMce, with some
understanding about the payment of a salary
for a substitute, while a student at Harvard

Postimaster-General Smith was asked directly
to-day whether Mr. Rathbone was to be BUS-
pended,

“T cannot say," he replied. “Much as I would
ike to do so, I am not able to indicate whether
or not any such action is contemplated.”

“Will you say whether he has been sus-
pended?”

“He has not been suspended "

“Do you think it likely he will be?”

“TL eannot say '

“Did Col. Burton's report indicate any thefts
of which you had not heard previously?”

“Tthink Lam stating the truth when I say
that Col. Burton only confirined what we al-
ready suspecied to be true”

Word was received here to-day that the in-
6pectors sent out by the Post Office Depart-
ment and the cierks from the Treasury Depart-
ment left New York to-day and wil] arrive in
Cuba on Tuesday, They are sent thither with
a full knowledge of the Adrministration's pur-
pose to probe the scandal to the eettom, and to
do so quickly. No apprehension is felt, there-
fore, lest reports should not be submitted
prompuy. If possible, the con:missions wil! {n-
dicate the results of their examinations before
June 10, the time approximated when the {n-
spectors were first directed to leave.

Information has been received, also, that
Gen, Wood's requisition papers for Neely were
jn correct form, and have hbeenapproved. This
is taken to mean that Neely will start for Cuba
very s00n

POINTS ON HOW TO COUNT US,

 

Corps of Instructors to Drill Supervisor
Wilbur's 1,100 Enumerators,

There will be a corps of skilled census enum-
eratorsin New York this week who will put
Supervisor Wilbur's 1,100 nose counters through
a course of sprouts to fit them to perform
their duties on census day, Junel. The teachers
are men who have had great experience in
getting the facts that the Government wants,
and they will have personal talks with every one
of Mr. Wilbur's 1,100) The instruetors will
visit the enumerators in their homes, explain
to them how the questions, which are printed
on the census blanks, should be answered, and
teilthem in a general way how they can best
get the information they are after
offending the persons whom they question

withont

 

the candidates for jobs as enumeratora who
were recommended by Mr Wilbur bave all been

oppointed, and they will v

 

it him at his office

  

 

   

this week to besworn in and to rece) their
bl sand badges. Mr. Wilbur safe y relay
that the authorities fa Washington had decided

   

that it would be better not to make public the

najies of the enumeratora here. One of the
rearwous why the are not to be
published the Inet that about
every nanufacturer of sinell Wares
in the eountry ts trying to employ them as

agents. Some coneerns have olfered $4a day
to enumerators, wanting them to sell varions
things while counting the eople Other firms
offer liberal pay to the enumerators, asking
them only to distribute advertising matter

Boy Bicyclist Bangs Into a Trolley Car,

Bernard Rehin, 16 years old, of 533 Cortlandt
avenue, while riding through 1dlst street
last nighton his way to his uncle's house at
g041 Park avenue, lost controt of bis bievele and
ran into a trolley car. His skull was fractured,
and at Fordham Hospital it was said that he
would probably die

Cincinnatl in 1900

Has become so important asto deserve 4 better tral
service, and the New York Central, Lake Shore an
Big Four are undertaking t meet the demand.
New York tral time table, Trainees id, 8.
and 0:20 P, M.=,

 

NTING AND PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION.

|

FIFTY BUILDINGS BURNED.

Big Fire in Camden-—People Whose Homes
Aro Destroyed Quartered in an Armory,

CAMDEN. N.J., May 13 -There was a destrue-
tive fire here to-nightand for atime it looked as
if alargopart of thecity would be destroyed The
Camden fire engines were unable to get a suf-
ficient amount of water on the flames and it
was neceasary to send to Philade(phia for four
companies.

Fifty buildings were burned, seven of them
being dwelling houses, rendering 150 people
homeless. The market house was destroved
and the Post Office building damaged The
loss will reach $200,000, not more than one-third
of which is covered by Insurance

The people whose homes were destroved are
quartered in the Camden armory. The area
burned is on Federal street between Fourth
and Filth.

“aYP's"

STORY OF ABDUCTION,

 

Police at First Doubted It, but Have Now
Opened an OMclal Ingairy.
Special Cable Despatch to THIt SUN

Panis, May 18. —The police were at first in-
clined to regard the story of abduction told by
Countess de Martel, the writer, who is better
known under the nom de plume of “Gyp,"’ as
due to hallucination, but the details she has
given have been so circumstantial that they
have been obliged to alter their view of the
matter. Public Prosecutor Laurence hus there-
fore opened an official inquiry into the case.

FIGHTING ON LEYTE ISLAND,

Two Large Towns Taken After the Filipinos
Were Driven Off With Heavy Loss.
Special Cable Despatch to Tur SUN

Manita, May 13 —Col. Arthur Murray, of the
Forty-third Infantry, has occupied Hilongos
and Maasin, two large towns on the island of
Leyte

The insurgents offered considerable opposi-
tion, but were finally driven out with heavy
loss. The Americans lost three wounded.

 

“VICTORY AFIRE WITHIN.

 

Firemen Tackle One of the Winged Figures of
the Naval Arch Colonnade,

The Sunday afternoon service of the Ameri-
can Rescue Army conducted on the north side
of the Worth monument by Chaplain Frederick
Rotzler, was interrupted at 5:30 o'clock yester-
day afternoon, One of the men who depends
on Chaplain Rotegler for a night's lodging bud
seen a thin curl of smoke arise from a craok in
the top of the base of the most northerly "Vic-
tory’ in the western row of the Naval Arch
colonnade He ran over and found the interior
of the base ablaze. He cried ‘'Fire!’’

“Turn in an alarm,’’ shouted Chaplain
Notzier, pointing to a frebox The alarin
was sounded and the chaplain wisely
announced that he would postpone his
meeting until the firemea had come
and gone His congregation surrounded
the Yictory and thats numbers were
augmented by a swarm of mep, women and
children from the park. When the engines got
there the streets were Liack with people

A few taps from a pick tore off the plaster and
outer casing on one side of the base of the col-
umn, anda stream of water was turned on the
blaze. Thefire was soon out. It was caused
bya pgbted cigarette or cigar thrown Into the
rubbish on the cracked pedestal

MRS, H.N. BARRETT 100 YEARS OLD,

Her 00-Year-Old Sister Helps Her
Their Friends.

Boston, May 13..-Mrs. Hannah Newell Bar-
rett of 425 Massachusetts avenue celebrated to-
day the one-bundreth anniversary of her birth.
During the past year her health has been excel-
lent. Mre. Barrett and her sister, Mrs. Louisa
Barbour of Cambridge, both belong to Bunker
Hill Chapter, Danghters of the American Revo-

ludion, and are honorary members of the Tea
Party Chapter of this city, They are
“real daughters” of tha D. A. R. through
the service of — their father, Nosh
Harred of Lunenberg, who served with dis-
tinction in the Continental Army. Mrs. Bar-
bour is now in her ninetieth year and is strong.
Each year Mra. Barbour receives with Mrs.
Barrett at the birthday celebration and to-day

Receive

| she came from Cambridge to participatein the

day's pleasures Nothing formal had been ar-
ranged and no invitations had been issned
Friends and yld acquaintances of Mrs. Barrett
knew that they always are heartily welcomed
and they came to see her in large numbers.

DIDN'T WANT HER HUSBAND DUCKED,

Mrs, Van Winkle Had to Be Held While the
Stadents Had Fun With Mr. Van Winkle.

INvIANAPOLIS, Ind, May 13.- The Rey. James
Van Winkle, who is taking a theological course
at Butler University, was visited at his home on
Friday night by several college atudents who
called him to the door. He was accused of
having stolen aroller that belonged to the club-
house boys, and when he denied the charge the
students giabbed him and declared that they
would duck himatthe pump tn his yard. The
scuffie brought Mrs, Van Winkle to (he sceue,
and she took a hand in defence of her husband.
‘I'wo of the students tried to hold her, but she
threw them off and the cheers of their com-
rades caused them to tackle her again, but with
the same result. Others then caine to the
assistance of the two and she was firmly heid
while Mr Van Winkle was dragged tothe pump
a short distance away and held under the spout
The water was pumped on him, thoroughly
soaking him = Durlog the performance Mrs,
Van Winkle struggled with three or four of ths
students, and {it was with diMaulty that she
could be held

BOY KILLED BY TROLLEY CAR,

A School Composition in His Pocket Is Signed
Louls Handwerker,

613, coming

 

Court street car No in from

Coney Island last night, ran down @ thirteen- |

year-old boy at the Sea Beach rajiroad bridge
The boy was walking on the track, and
stepped over to the west bound track
to avoid a car that wos coming out from

the city He did not have time to get out
of the way of @ west bound car after he disoov-
ered that it was upon him. The car did not stop,
but the ear going in the other direction did and
the passengers got out and lifted the boy in
upon one of the seats Le was taken to the Sea
Beach station and there Dr Pierce exanined
him Dr. Pierce said he was dead and had
probably been killed instant!y

The boy wore a double-breasted gray coat,
knickerbockers, laced shoes and a bicycle cap
In one of the pockets was a composition on
“Cleanliness, marked with a teacher's cor-
rections and signed “Louis Handwerker"’
There were also some tickets for the swings in
Central Park

HE HAS NO SENSES LEFT,

Queer Case of Cataleptic Isaac Scapps in
Gouverneur = ee

 

  

 

 

FlIsaac Scapps of 11% Rivington street was
taken to Gouverneur Tospital the other da
eufgfering from tale in #n e@vagwerated
form that has excited he tinost juteres
among the house stall of the he

no initiative. Lf? his band ep v
fantastic position the Ih stay s« i
they ara moved oaain. His fleah vd
remains pinched Jeapporently has ot
left Athis homethe hospital people we in
formed that Seapps had recertiy 1 ha
great disappolntment whieh bad i
into hie fl Juat what was ther ;
Cicuppointment that could have so serious an
effect on a man noone Was able to learn
CHICAGO TRICK FARMING SCHEMWE,

A Levee Eleven Miles Long on the Muskegon
to Ke Devoted to “Garden Saas,"

MrskEGoN, Mich, May 13,.--The raising of
garden truck on a 10,000-acre farm, to
by shipload trom Muskegon to Chicago, is the
plan propose by Herman 0. Lange, Seeretary
of the Fergugon Foundry Company of Chicago
‘The land is io be devoted to celery, cabbage,
onions, jettnee, radishes and other ‘garden
ease It isin the Muskegon River valley and
hes along the north bank of the river A levee
eleven tiles long isto be built five feet hich and
twenty feet thick With a lake rate of seven
cents a hundred and anight’s sail from market
Mr. Lange and his associates believe that they
can easily compete with the truck farmers of

the Chicago distict. The cost of these im-
provewents is eevimated at $60,000. A

be sent

 

t

 

| afternoon,

Fair and continued warm to-day and

o-morrow; fresh south winds,

PRICE TWO CENTS.

_——y

| SKIPPER SIIIPPED IN CASK,

SOUTH STREET'S TELLING
ABOUT CAP'N TAPLEY,

His Bark Is on the Wave, Bound for 'Frisee,
and if He Testifies in the United States
Courts To-Day on Her Mate's Trial fer
Cruelty There Will Be Surprise Alongshore,

STORY

 

The American bark St James, which arrived
at this port from Hong Kong on March 19, had
acrew with a grievance against the mate,
Jack Hayes, Nineteen of them declared that
Hayes had treated them after the manner of
ancieutmates, who hud a habit of enforcing
discipline with murlinspikes and capstan bars,
Usually, the ill-treated sailorman permits hime
sel! to be persuaded to go to sea in another
ship before the case against the mate or master
is broughtto trial In this instence the Seae
man's Legal Aid Society decided that the
Nineteen complainants should press the case
aisainst Hayes, All hands, including the mate,

were locked up {i Ludlow Street Juil, where
they were lust night. ‘ihe trial is set for to-day
fia the United States Court.

One of the chief Witnesses wanted {3 the skips
per of the bark, Capt, Tapley. He won't be
there, The talk along the stringpieces of South
street is that Capt. ‘Tapley has been busy avoide
ing deputy United States marshals more than
amonth Lhe st James sailed on Saturday,
apparently in charge of her new mate. Nobody
saw Capt. Tapley get aboard, not even the tw
deputy marshals who lay in wait for him unt
the bark was hauled out ot her berth at Pier 19
and towed seaward by a tug.

One story has it that the skipper was puton
his craft t.ree days before she sailed, cooped
upinabig cask fitted up ina style conducive
to the comiort of a Yankee navigator and
labelled “Glass! Handle with Care. This side

Another {s that about half an hour before the
bark drew out of her dock atruck containing @
howshead rated down on the pier. ‘Longe
shoremen hustled the big barrel aboard before
the eyes of the deputy marshols. Then the
bark started down the bay, fn tow, on her way
toSan Francisco Off Staten Island members
of the crew, onthe order of the mate, stove in
the head of the hogshead and the skipper
clambered out and took conmand,

Anyway, unless South street is grievously
misinformed, the case of the nineteen sailore
men will have to go on without the testimony
of Capt. Tapley,.

WEARIED PIGEON MESSENGER.

Boarded the Steamship Henrika With Micre-
scopic Messages From La Champagne.

When the Dutch steamship Henrika, which
arrived yesterday from Leith, was about 820
muiles east of Sandy Hook, at 60'clock on Friday
an exhausted carrier pigeon
boarded her, lit on the edge of a bucket of salt
water and attempted totakeadrink. It cone
sented to be captured, A sailor gaveita drink
of fresh water and turned it over to the cap-
tain, who offered it jis liberty. It evidently

j had had evough liberty and refused to leave

the ship

Onitsleft leg was a tiny celluloid cylinder con-
taining the microscopic photographs of eleven
messages for friends 4r relatives of passengers
abourd the Frenoh line steamanin Ls Cham-
vague, Which sailed hence from Havre on
‘hursday. The birdisfrom a cote at Malden
Mass., and was released when the ship wae oft
Nantucket on Friday morning. The messages
were crowded on a film about an inch square

 

 

 

|

 

They were read with diflenulty after they had
peen printed and rephotographed in enlarged
orm,

One of the messages was from J. H. Horton to
hig wife in Sheffield, Ala, and read:

“Three hundred and fifty miles out. Weare
having a delightful voyage. Excellent vessel,
This is being sent by oarrier pigeon.”

Another was from Charles Connolly to Edgar
E Adams of this city, and said:

“Sorry you are not with us. So far Neptune
has been good to us." “

| One message was {n French and was addressed
to a young woman,
1 ‘The bird will be turned over to the French
ine.

CHICKEN

 

FARM IN THE HARLEM.

Rabbits and Cats Inhabit Macomb's
Dam Bridge Guard Pier,

People who cross the new Macomb'’s Dam
bridge at 155th street and Seventh avenue have
noticed recently a poultry and rabbit farm on
the gnard pier which protects the draw from
damageby passing craft) The guard pler 's
about 40 feet wide by 235 feet long and {s filled
in with earth in the centre. A yearago last
September Col. F. A. Shilling whois connected
with the Botanical Gardens, gave Walter Care
ter.engineer of the bridge, a pair of rabbits which
the Board of Health would not allow him to
keep at home. Carter took the rabbits to his
quarters onthe bridge ‘They bred there and
they and their fumily flourished Last fall Care
ter had 165 rabbits. He added some poultry

Inthe winter rats invaded the pier and killed
nearly fifty of the rabbits and chickens, Care
ter got tWolacwe cate which he taught to live
in peac’ with his collection and ina few weeks
the rata were drivenoff, The stone tablet that
wasontheold Macomb'’s Dum bridge serves
the victims of the rats for agravestone, Carter
has now fifty-eight full-grown rabbits, sixty-six
young ones and 200 chick: ns

Hens,

ELECTRIC CURRENT THROUGH HER,

Live Wire Fell on Mra, Welsh While She Was
Gardening and Gave Her a Severe Shock,

Mra. Clara Welsh, who lives at Sedgwick
avenue and Wolff street, received an electrio
shock under peculiar circumstances yesterday
at her home

The tracks of one of the Sedgewick avenue
branch of the Huckleberry irolley line are laid
close to her house and running across the yard
andoverthe wires which support the trolley
feed wire is an electric wire of the N rth iver
Eleectrie Light Company, which supplies the
Hahts on Seduvewick avenue and the Speedway,

While Mra. Welah wasin her garden stooping
over some plants the eleetric tight wire in some
wiy sageed from its fastening on to the trolley
Wire support, and in felling struck heron the
head. Shereeetved a slock which knocked her
down and doubled her up like a rubber ball

Her husband heard Mrs. Welsh scream and
ran to her assistance, and Ambulance Surgeon
White of Fordham Hospital was called. He
found asii¢ht burn on the top of Mrs. Welsh's
head, where the wire had struek her. She did
not receive the full force of the current or
death would have been instantaneous,

 

MINING TOWN,

INCENDIARIES IN A

 

Two Fires in One Night Nearly Wipe Ont the
Business Section of Sumpter, Oregon,
PortTiaNnn, Ore, May 13.-—Part of the mining
town of Sumpter was wiped out by fire
last night. ‘I'wo incendiary flres were started
during the night
Early in the evening seven buildings were
burned, ineluding three lodging two

sfioons, a departinent ind Hammond &
Chance’s law office with a total loss of $20,000,

nother butlding was eeen to be blazing.
qade anceeedad in putting the fire

Ore,

houses,

 

 

yoeket br
out It fire had been started with rage
dur
Ir divs ago two of the burned lodging
honses were ret afire in the anr wav. Itie
beleved that tramps started the fire with the
objec rovbers

! SHOT DELENDPING HIS SWEETHEART,

Paulo Punched a UNugger Who Happened te

 

 

| Have a Pistol,

Max Pa WW old, of Be th street,
Wakefleld WHA OREO ne his sweetheart to
her heme in Ninth street ist night,
when Antonio Riagio of Filleenth avenue,
Williamsbridge, accosted = then Megio
has a reputation desperade Ha
awaguered up andbegs tobus their! Paulo
Dit deieny arid Wisratie 4 lout revelyer and
firedtwiecat Pau (ne boiler it Paulo in

| the left hip, the otherinu the rt of the

jgabdomen Hewas taken tothe Pordham Hoge
pitai and it was said there that the wounds
were mortal Kuggio eol away, butthe police
think they Khow where heen » foun

Gov, Koosevelt at Oyster Ray,
Roosevelt returned
vesterday tjorning, and wentat once to his

home in Oystes Bay Gov Roosevelt will stay
in Oyster Bay until the middle of the week,

Gov from Washington

Regular as Clockwork,

The Pennsylvania Limited between New York an@
Chicago. Runs every day-—aAde,

j

—_