AND FEAR OP DISGRACE

After Her Baby Was Born in a Thicket She
Came Home aad Stole Out Nights to Feed
it and Care for It Children Found It She
Claimed It and Was Tarned Out of Home,

Winres-Harny, Pa, May it~ A baby bedden
in a clump of bushes in the woods, was found
yesterday afliernoon in & gorge@eon the moun.
tain about ivwo miles from Wyoring by some
children who were pking fwwers They

 

heard iterying, andafter some search found a |

box deep among eonie bushes, and in it,
wrapped in fannels, the babe  brghtened,
they ran back to their homes and told ther
parents. Guided by the chidren, two men
went out and tthe baby They carried
it into the town in the bor I) was found to be
@ girl about & days old, lusty aod strong and
fed recentiy tt was dressed in old flannels en!
to fit its body, and tt rested on a blanket, part
of which was pulled over the top of the box to
shield |i froin the sur

The police werenotified and began aw searet

 

“

 

 

 

forthe parants They thooght had been
abandoned and left to die, but the tact that it
was eo warm!) eladand well elded by the
blanket puszied them [he rsetery Was @8
plained to-day when Jenuie Latierond, & SiX-
teen-year-old girl, living near Mra. William

Jones, who had tukeu care of the child, went
weeping (o Mrs Jones, sa dothe litthe one was
bers andbeguedfor it) When the girls par-
ent heard of this they turned her out of doors
and the wirl, weakened by a week of sulering,
Was practically in a stake of collapse

Mrs. Kertels of the Luvted Charities of this
city, who was investigating the cuse, chanced te
reach Wyoming enon after dhe girl bad claimed
the child, and when sie was Girned ont by her
parents Mrs Bertels brought her to this etty
Bhe was put to bed at the United Oharttles
rooms to-night with the baby The doctor say
both willlive The baby was born on last Mon-
day and has lived in the box in the chimp of
bushes where it waa found ever since

The youthful mother’s «tory is that when she
found that the baby was about tobe born she
feared to stay at home She had hidden her
condition from her parents a~ long as she could
andon Monday inorning when secrecy was no
longer possible she went fo the woods and hid
herself among the bushes. There on Monday
afternoon the baby was born “he mother,
despite her suffering, iad planued what to do
with it She feared the anger of her parents
above all things and knew that they wonid have

othing to do with her if they discovered what

adhappened She had no money with which
to go away a3 she would have done if she could
She had no friends to aak for aid, so she re-
solved to leave the baby in the woods and steal

way froin her home each night te nutse it

he wrapped the babe in her skirt and founda
hiding place in the bushes for it

After resting a few hours she mustered
etrepath to get back to her home, made some
excuse about her absence and went to her
room. There out of an old flannel petticoat she
wade clothes for it. She got an old blanket
and when her parenta had gone to bed she atole
eut to the woods taking with her a soap box
And !n this cradia the baby lived ak the week
The qghild-mother, weak and with the fear of
her babe dving or being found by some animal
and leilled, spent the week in greatsuffering of
body and mind Pach me@ht, as soon
she could without being seen, she stoie away
from home, went to the woods and spent the
night with the child nursing it. On Tuesday
night there Wasa heavy storm. She sat over
it in the rain. On Thursday nigh! it also
rained, At home she had to wark curing be
day aed er condition and lack of sleep have
worn r to a skéleton Yesterday when the
baby was found she could hardly contain bhee-
self for she did not wantto give up the child

qnany this morning she claimed it. She will
cared for by the United Charities.
JAMES M. BUCKNER IN JAIL,

 

AID HER BABY IN THE WOOD |

JENNIF LAMEROUXN'S MOTHER LOVE |

| people

 
  

 

PROSPERITY IN THE NEW STATES.

Increase of Bank Deposits in Colorado, Idaho,
Montana and Wyomimg.

WASHINGTON, May 19. ‘Western finances
| are going to afford one of the strongest Repub-
liean campaign arguinents,” said Hon, Charles
Dick, Secretary of the Republican National
| Committee, to-day “LL bave just been e@ex-
| arnining tie deposits, number of depositors and
| the average amount to the credit ef each de-

positer for the States of Colorado, Idaho, Mon-
! tanaand Wyoming The growth in wealth and
prosperity of these States since 1M4@ has been
| remarkable, and the people out thera cannot
but feel that it most be due to the prosperity
| brought about by the Repubtican Adiministra-
tion

“Between duly 1s, 1804, and June a0, 1898, the
bank deposits of Idaho, with its 190,000 people,
haveTnoreased LY $454,000, und the number of
depositors wae $60 more last Year than in 1804
In Montana the bank dep: sits have increased
froru $4,008,456 to $8,760,829, a gain of more than
lwwpercent ‘The wumber of depositors has
ul-o nearly doubled, increasing from 7,963 up to
i422) last year ‘(Me average amount of each
depositin Montina waa $68 On the Natouul

Bavke it 1804 last vear it was $712, an iverease
of $1§0 foreach deposit) Montana, it should be
remembered, bas a pophiation of only 260,000

 

 

 

“Colorado makes even a beMer proportionate
showing than Montana, the deposits there
having increased from $0,378,783 up to $20,-
50,977, also more than luo per cent. gain,
Wheretolorado had 18,532 depositors m its banks
in (804, Lt liad 30,087 last vear, In the nafional
banks of Colorado the average deposit in 1804
Ws $657, last vear it was $720, an fheresse of
alm st §2060to exch deposit, In the State and
private banks the average amount of each de-
posit was $825 in 1Swé and $445 last year, a gain
of $120 to the credit of each depositor, Last
year’s bank depos!ts in Colorado were equal to
$1 for every man, woman and child of tte
650,000 people. ;

"Now, jet na look at Wyoming
deposits last vear amounted fo $5,152,000, as
compared with »$1,252,696 in 1ses faking the
population of Wyoming at 90,000 paople, the
average amount to the eredit of every man,
woman and child last vear was largereven than
in Colorado, baing $35 per capita. The total
numberof depositors in that State was 3,026 in
Isa and 8,404 last year, There was an iacrease
of 650in the amount of each deposit within the
five years in the national banks, and an in-
crease of $110 in the average amount of each
depoalt in the State and private banks of
Wyoming

‘Now, letuslump these figures and ses how
their totals compare

BANK DBPOSITS

 

its bank

 

State 1804 1890
Calorado $9,479,735 $20,058,577
Idgho OQg.aiz 1,858,668
Montana 4,063,496 &.7A0,A25
Wyoming . 1,252,656 3,152,009

Total $15,600,217 $98,330,777

“These four States show an increase of con-«
siderable m: re than 100 per cent in_the total
amownt of their bank deposits within five years,
gaining from $18,600,000 to $33,330,000

“What do youthink has brought about this
wonderful degree of prosperity? It is largely
attributable, and directly traceable to the {n-
crease in the value of lead, copper and wool.
Greater industrial activity has enhanced the
demand tor and the value of the two miner-
of protection, extended

als The policy , i"
der the Dingley tariff to American wool bine
more than doubled the value of that product to

the American sheep farmer

“With these facta before them, can it be pos-
sible that the votera in Colorado, Idaho, Mon.
tana and Wyoming will do anything but drop
their ballotginto the box for the reélection of
President Row itey, of their Republican Coa-
reasmen and Reymblican State Legislatures
that will releet Republican Senators to “Con-
qrem? We have every hope of carrying each
and all of these Stazes for the Republican party
in November next ”

CONEY ISLAND IN CLOVER.

An Advance Agent fora Theatre Cempany | Old Friends in New Gatses on the Ever-

Forgets to Mail a Leve Letter.

James M. Buckner, advance agent for the
Haplon's Superba company, was arraigned at
the police court in Long Island City vesterday
onacharge of abandonment preferred by his
Wie. Louise K. Buckner. He waa remanded in
£590 bonds for examination next Thuraday.
District Attorney Merrill of Queens county re
ceived a communication from Joseph T. Cleary,
Chief of Polloe of Rochester, requesting him to
hold Buckner, as he was wanted in Rochester
for biaamy. Buckner was arrested in Broadway
and_Fortieth atreet yesterday afternoon, He

Wonderful Bowery.

There waa breathing room only, and none too
much of that, on the steamboats, trolley cars
and other means of rapid transit to Coney
Island, Midland Beach and South Beach
yesterday Respect for the Raines law
aud other enaetmenta placing limitations on
the persenal conduct of the citizen and the
sofoarner was fuir to middling. It was
not a dry Sundar, but the fictions
appertaining to the extinction of thirst and the
entertainment of the worldly were not entirely
abandoned by the persons who conduct hestel-

was married on Aug 3}, 1890, to the woman who | ries and concert halls. Fakirs and gamblers,

appeared against hin yewterday morning.
They have onechfid, aboy of 7. Mrs. Buckner
lived in Hoffman avenue, between Union [place
and Atlantic avenue, larenveville, asuburb of
Jamaica, Her husband atayed there while he
Was notaway onthe road. On the night of
Feb. 24 of this year, Buckner went to his home
in Clarenceville, where he told his wife that he
was pot feeling well. Helay down en asofa in
the dining room and went tosleep. While he
was sleeping, a letter, all stamped and ready to
mail, addressed to ‘Miss Millie S, Peers, care

Hanlon's Superba Company, Lyceum Theatre,
Cleveland, Ohio,” fell from iis poeket. The
letter, which is inthe possession of IMetriet
Attorney Merrill, reads ge follows

Welldarling

eats Little Prétious Girl
u do} shall be when the

zo n't know how glad |
@ arrives for moto get outof here I shall
youand clasp voutno myarma. Iam long-
for one fond embrace, one long kiss. How
have longed for it for three long weeks and
ow my longings are to be realized at last = Oh
how I wish it was to-day, butitisnot to be. I
ope ‘RB’ has given vow no troublein persiatin

to want to see you. | am so sorry that

was not there to protect you from
Pp. He would not bave come around if

ad been there wien 70, but darling I can
trust know you would not

Roe for that
allow around if you love me as much as
ou say; therefore [am not worrted Of course
am jealous, but thagis only love -only. Dar-
, eisthereand fam not. As far as any.

ng else (tis far from my thoughts
you will not forget to aeciire me a room where

you may Now darling, “1 will close for this
onoe. Hoping to see your loving face Monday,
with love, hugs, a million and a million of the

eweetest kisses foriuy dearest Millia
my love, and by-by
Ever your own, true and devoted
“Jim JiMIny.’"
This letter was written by Buckner in New-
ark, N. J, on Feb. 23. After forgetting to
{i it; and letting it slip from his pocket,
uckner arose refeeshed from his ‘reat on the
sofa. He left the houre and the next his wife
eard from him was in a letter she received
rom on Feb, 28, from Cleveland,
Ohio In the letter Buckner rehearsed, it te
said, a pitiful hard Inck atory. Hesaid that he
was ill andthat on account of bis sickness he
a been placed on half pay. In consequence
of this tier inisfortuna be could not
d any money home. Mra. Buckner No. 1
not received any inoney from her husband
since. Bugkner wrote to his wife again on the
ge of April and then all communications from
im ceased, Mra. Buekner finally became con-
vinced that her hushand was faithless andshe
took the letter she had found to District
ttorney Merri)l and asked htm to advise her,
pon investigation Mr. Merrill was told that
Buckner had been married on April 1 to Millie
Peers in ®t. Take's POE Church in Roeh-
ter The ceremony was performed by ‘he
ev.R R. Converse. In answer to the mini.-
ter's questions Buekner said that he wasun-
jarred and what he was born in Kentucky
strict Attorney Merrill has a certified cope of
the marriage certificate from the clerk of Mon-
roe county Buekner up to a late hour last
might was unable to seeure $500 bail

miy life,

SIMPSON SEES POPULISTS END,
Bays the Party Will Eventually Be Swallowed
by the Democrats,

Wicnrits, Kan, May 18--Fx-Congressinan
Jerry Simpson has returned from the Siour
Falis Convention and saya the Demecrats wil!
eventually swallow the Populist party, and
could do so this canipalgn were it not for the
convention of Populists who met at Cincinnati
He says

“An effort was made at Sioux Fallato put the
Vice-Presidential nomination in the hands of
the Kansas City Convention, but some howlers
prevented it, The seleeton of Mr. Towne is
the best we could make and | hope the Damo-
crate will indorse him as it means success at the

lls by alarger majonty than ever before

ryan will be elected unquestionably 1 am
against the howling mid-roader and the true
Populist should join Demoeracy’s ranks in this
campaicn

_Rimpsen ia a candidate for United States
Senator and he has helped the Democratic
candidates in all the distriets to retire the
Populist candidates

 

Deowned in Mamaroneck Harbor.

Waive Pains, N.Y, Mays This morning
Frank Dickens, John McAllister and William
Mvlien, all of this place, went to Mamoroneok
to ush for flennders. They hired a boat and

Powed out to thermouth of Mamaronee Harbor,
when they dropped anchor They had tshad
about anhour, when they decided to change
places inthe beat Inan effort to do so they

capsized the boat Diekens, who cauld not
awim, wasdrowned The other two men were
saved Pickens was about 3) veare old His

Wife died abuut two years ago
children.

leaving nine

although under the displeasure of the police,

drove a profitable, even if somewhut furtive,
trade. The gentleman of color whose home
addresa is. said to be somewhere tu Thomp-
aon atreet, and who gained a eon-
siderable renown last year on the
Coney Island) Bowery as the wild man
captured in Cuba, is evidently an opportuniat
He reappeared yesterday in the guise of the
Wild Man of Spion Kop and there was no one
present who falt competent to declare that he
did not look and act thepart Other persons
of Ethiopian antpeedents were exhibited as fe-
rocious beings from various remote quarters
of the globe, and the public was also permitted,
for sume ridiculously disproportionate to the
pleasare and jnformation imparted, to gaze
upon certain wild girls, the principal artice of
whose diet was boldly asserted to be the flesh of
poisonous reptiles,

The crowds at the Staten Island resorts were
ferried over from Elizabethport, N. J., as well
as from New York. They whhed the hours
away in the enjoyment carrousels and roller
coasters. dancing and other innocent diver-

sions Semne, of the places employed women
orchestras ere were no performances at
the music halls

NEWPORT'S SEASON OF 1900,

There Will Re Aetivity jn Spert, But the
Social Side Will Be Dull.

Newport, R. 1., May 13. The prospects are

that Newport's season of 100 will not be as

I hope | @4y as last season, as many of the leading

entertainers are in mourning. Notably among
these is Mre John KR. Drexel, who was the life
of laat neason, Mra Stuyvesant Fish and Mra,
Herman Veirich will be on band this year, but
they cannot be expected to entertain every
day. Last vear was exceptiogally gar, and it
will be some time before it @ repeated

It is not likely that Newport will have Ita
coaching parade this season, as death has
thrown out four of ite participants, including
ita President, the late Frederick Bronson. It
is likely that the Havemever-Whiting and the
Vanderbilt-French weddings will be eventa of
the close of the reason, and a Newport sea-

son without a fashionable wedding would be
no season at all

For # season of sports it will probably outrjval
that of last year, and evenin this the younger
set will be thaleaders. Yachting will be the
chief thing, and between the new 70-footers and
the ever-popular 9fopters there will be yacht
racing galore. Polo will be revived again, the
new fleid at Bateman’s Point being nearly fin-
ished. Golf willbe as popular aa ever, and it
now looks as if there would be a big tennis year

On all sides thera te encouragement except
from a social view. The Potter Palmers will
not be here, the Cornelius Vanderbilts are ont
of it and there age no new ones to take their
places, Missaid that Mrs Perry Belmont will
entertain tosome extent. There will be no
lack of people at Newypprt, and few of the hand-
seme villas will be efiptv, yet the set that is
looked upon as the social leaders has dwindled
down toa few

It issaid thatthe Van Alens areto be here
andthe, will do their share, but taking it all in
ail, {tt eannot be said that the season's prospects
are bright.

TO

TRIED DROWN HER CHILD,

Mrs, Dalzell Dragged From a Chicago Park

Lagoon by a Policeman.

CHutcaao, May 18 With Ber baby boy, 2
months old on ber shoulder, Mrs) Kaymond
Dalzell waded the Douglas Park lagoon

‘

yesterday afternoon iu an attempt to take the
feof her child and herself. The act waa pre-
vented by the arrivaiof Park Policeman Robert
Jamieson, who had watched Mrs. Dalzell’s ac-
tions fram the time she entered the park until
{ she reaached the water. She paid no attenti ”
tothe policeman when he ealled to her, and he
was compplied to walk into the water after her

‘The ehiid Was crying piteously

Jamieson dragged her ashore and then took
her and the baby to the eounty hospital,
they were soom warm and comfortable They
were then escorted to the Despalines street
police station, where the woman's mother was
awaiting them. The husband and the police
are satiefied that Mrs. Dalzell, who is only 23
years old, is demented over the loss ofa daugh-
ter, who died a year ago

Into

Paderewski at the College of Music.

Advanced pupils of the New York Collage of
Music are fortunate, A geek ugo Mme. Sein-
brich sang for them and last night Ignace
Padereweiki was their guast, heardsomeot ther
play and then returned the compliment by
taking bis place at the piano and playing for
ther AsM Paderewski had done this twice
before the concert last night, the puoils pre.
sented himowith a silver wreath marked with
syne eCApresseus Of Luci adguirution for hii.

I

 

where |

 

ie

KANSAS CITY CARS RUN.

=
FAILURE OF THE STRIKE TO APFECT

THE STREET TRAFFIC,

Many of the Strikers Apply for Work Again |

 

Street Cars Running as Usual and on the
Regalar Schedule--The Terms of the In-
junction fesaed by the Federal Coart.

Kansas City, May 13.- ‘The street ratlway
strike wasat aatandatill to-day. Cars ran as
vesual, and on full regular schedule Outwardly
there was noevidence of astrike The company
rays the trouble is over, It says that of the 860
who went out on Saturday morning, 100 are
applying for their jobs, and that they have
enough new men to more than fil! all the places
* vacated

The union leaders still make a bold front
They say “Wait till to-morrow Several lator
organizations met to-day and indorsed the
strike and voted “moral sympathy.” The
strikers say this will help to-morrow.

The Federal) Court injunction granted ou
Saturday evening is roundly denounced by the
unions generally. [thas hada marked deter-
renteffect. It names all the leaders of the

loval union of the International Amal@a-
mated = Assuciation — of treet Railway
Emplovees and all other persons who
may be associated with them. These “are
heneby restrained and enjoined absolutely to
desist and refrain from in any way or manner,
directly or indirectly, stopping or interfering
with the minuing of street cars, assaulting
or interfering with any person who may be in
the employ of any one of said companies,
picketing or patrolling the car houses, stopping

places, stations, fwacks or approaches
thereto on any of satd lines; assault-
ing or striking any employee of the

said lines: loitering in Jarge numbers on or about
the street railway tracks or approaches thereto;
placing ang obatruction upon the tracks; doing
or per orming py concerted action any act or
annoyance which will asmist in stopping the op-
eration of the cars.”

The strikers declare they are advised this or-
der of Judge Hooks is “ultra vires’ and will be
of noetfect, Butitisof a great deal of effect
Just the same

 

NO STREET CARS RUN IN ST. LOUIS,

Police Needed a Rest Yesterday- Conference
To-day Will Try to Settle the Strike,

ST. Lovis,Mo, May 18.—No street cars were
run on any lines to-day This course was pur-
sued on the advice of the Chief of Poltoe, who
sald that his horses and men were exhaisted
and must havea rest if they were expected to
furnish protection to the etreet cars to-morrow

Then, too, a conference has been arranged
for noon to-morrow between a committee
representing business men and taxparers,
strike leaders and officersof the railway com-
panies, with a view to agreetne upon some
terms whereby the strike may be settled.
Recognition of the unton te the only issue now
between the two parties to the controversy,and
the business men hope to be able te formulate
Borne agreement acceptable to both. Gov. Ste-
phens and Attorney-General Crow came down

from the State capital this evening for the on
pose of attending the conference should the
co! aon eer fit to invite thetr cofperation
The Trades and labor Union, the central
body with which all local unions are affiliated,
indorsed the course of the strikers this after-
noon and promised them materia! assistance
in case of need. To-night there wis a confer-
enoe of the presidents and Secretaries of al) the
untons in the city, and the situation was thor-
oughly discussed it was decidedato aid the
eweer oar men financially, and to impose pen-
aities upon any union member patronizing the
cars pending a eettiement of the troubles
The police force rested to-day, as they expect
@ Wartn time to-morrow, espectally should the
conference fail to effect a settlemont of the

 

trouble Pn effort is to be made to open a
Bere and south |ine, which will be resisted
itterly

he public was more restive to-day over the

inconventence to which it is being subjected
than at any time sincethe tie-up ws inaugu-
rated) The weather was delightful. There
was a gaineof baseball scheduled, and events
at all the parks and gardens, aud people gen-
erally were obligedto remain at home.

This afternoon Manager Jenkins of the Sub-
urban sygiem drew up an axreement which he
ave to Harry Hawes, President of the Police

oard, for submission tothestriking employees
of that road. While this agreement will not be
made public until it has been submitted to the
men, It is said that it paves the way for an
early settlement of the strike

At midnight Governor Stephens orderedHarry
Hawes, President of the Police Board, to at
once swear in 2,000 deputies, saying tags if thi
force was inadequate to preserve order an
prevent interference with the operation of the
street cars, he would then order out the militia,

 

COAL HEAVERS QUIT WORA,

Strike on the Highland Division of the New
York and New Haven Railroad.

NEWBURGH, May 13.--The coal beavers of the
Highland Division of the New York, New Haven
and Hartford Railroad at Fisbkill Landing are
out on sizike, and although only sixteen men
are involved (t looked fora timeas though the
whole division would be tied up. All engines
on the wesiern end are coaled at Fishkill! Land
ing. The men have heen receiving $1 35 per day
and two weeks ago asked for $1.50. When the
two weeks Were up yesterday the demands were
refused and the men stopped work. The aec-
tion men were then called in, but refused to
work. They were prompt!y discharged The
engines could no! go out without coal and the
matter looked senous. Some Hungarians went
to work, but the friends of the strikers soon
prevailed upon them tostop. This afternoona
puniwer of men came infrom Hartford. They

had been oid, so they said, that they were
coming to Fishkill Landing to clear up a wreck,
They had pot decided to-night whether or not

they would go to work A delegation of
strikers meat them and were endeavoring to
persiiade them to return

It is thought that {n order to run the passen-
ger train out in the morning the clerks and
other office employees inky have to coal the
engine. All the section hands between Fishkill
Landing and Danbury, Conn., have refused to
heave coal and have been discharged

WALKING DELEGATE AFTER HIM,

Contractor Rooney, Who Pat the Delegate
Out, Is Charged With Assaalt.

Robert J Rooney, a contractor of 1171 Simp-
son street, was before Magistrate Brann in the

Harlem police court yesterday on a charge of
assault preferred by Wfliam Cheetham, a walh-
ing delegate of the Safety Engineers’ Associa-
tion Rooney witha gangof men is doing same
blasting at 162d, street and Seventh avenue,
and has refnsed to employ union men only,
saying that he had the right to hire whomever
he pleased) He put Cheatham out when the
delegate went to talk to the gang last Baturday,
gnd Cheetham had him arrested. Magistrate

rapn paroled him until Tuesday to give hima
chance to be represented

 

y counsel,

The Call for a General Strike tn Buffalo Post.

poned,
BurPALO, May 13.-It was expected that
acall for a general strike would result

from the meeting of all the striking ratiway
employees to-day, but this was not the case
Calculating on more favorable action on the
par of the Lackawanna officials who have come
vere, the strikers postponed such action until
to-morrow and perhaps later
has not changed

Tho situation

Oat of the Governor's Province.

A letter from Gov. Roosevelt was read at
yesterday's meeting of the Central Federated

Union inreply tothe request that he remove
Justice Freedman for enjoining the unions
from paying non-union cigarmakers to remain
on strike ‘he Governor said that he had no
power to remove any Judge, that oouldbedone
only by impeachment proceedings

APOLOGY SQUARES A BURGLARY,

Bat Then [the Burglar Had the Victim's Son-
in-law for Coansel,

Joseph Halle, a safoonkeeper of 248 Fast
Seventy-fourth street, Edward Kelly, a musi-
eian of 406 Fast ERighty-second street, and

Charles Arnold, a plurnber of 1567 First avenue,
were arrested Savurday night charged with
breaking into a Vacant store at #04 East
Seventy-first street and stealing gas fixtures
valued at $80 The bitiding belonas to Morris
Brockman of 354 Fast Sisty-ninth street and
was formeriy ocenpied by Halle. When the
prisoners were taken to the East Sixty-seventh
street police station Haile remembered that
Brockman’s son-in-law, Mark Alter, is a lawyer,
so hesent for hin and engaged him as counsel

“Who's tbe eomplainant in this case’ the
lawyer asked Halle when he entered the York-
ville police court vesterday

“A rian named Brockman,” was the answer

“Morris Brockman?

“Yas

ihat’s my father-in-law. He will leave me

out of Blswillif i defend people who steal his
property,” sawid the lawyer, Mr. Brockman
entered the court juat then and Alter took him
aside and had half an hour's talk with him

When the case was called Mr. Brocgman con- |
Among those who will be present are

sented to withdraw the complaint if the
ers would apologize for taking the gas fixtures
and return them They said they would and
Magistrate Fingan pareled them until to-
merrow to sive them a chance to return the
property.

risone-

| 16 cents a drink.
' feet long in each of th ee thirty-nine places |

) Ale.

 

  
    

 

v ‘X FALLS, | * ’ 7 > ag
BRYAN'S ORDERS AT SIOU | MICHIGANIDEAS FLAT OUT
Memorandum in His Writhes Dictating the a
Action on the Vice-Presidency. POLITICAL NOVELTIES THAT HAVE
OMARA, Neb, May 19 The Omaha Bee — NOT BEEN SUCCESSFUL.
| prints a story 7 t Bryan dictated the a a '
Bene Falle oo. ae aaa some inter- | The "Combination Electoral sean ee
| esting inside details of thai meeting which have \ se es ae the Money
attracted a great deal of attention In Western ae Electors in 1892-8 Prectaimed.
Ts Straddies That Have on Pr
political circles, ‘Tho Bee suys editorially lumber
“When the delegates to the Fusion-Populist Michigan, the State of salt, celery, \ oe
| convention were offered the bait to meet Bryan iron ore and jake sturgeon, has hever
| at adollar dinner at Omaha on their way to | Y8ry successfial in political nore besa
| Sioux Fails, the hospitality was tendered with of which she has started. Tt was in a
@ design to itn political effect rather | ! 1884, that the project of — 7 a
than for pure sociabillts Before they | foral tickets” on the plan used on . "aaa
took up again their northward Journey, Slate, was carried into operation, / Michi
the leaders were supplied with a written en nlechares” theket wae IOOY Pe ae
‘ n, kome ¢ + electors Upo
Inemorandum In Bryan's own Writing Out eg | ean at ava were members of the Greens

the plan they were expected to pursue on the
Vice-Presidency in alternative propositions to
be preferred in their order. According to an
authority not tobe questioned this memoran-
dum read as follows

“First Refer to committee for conference
with Democratic and Silver Republican eom-
nittees and with power to appoint

“second Select several nuimes for subrols-

sion to Democratic and Silver-Republican con-
ventions and add to the list of mames the
words, ‘Or some other person equally com-
mitted to reform principles '
“Third- Nominate some man who will with-
draw if not indorsed by the ojher two sides.
“To the general student of politics the sixnifi-
cance of this move must be twofold. In -
first place, it furnishes proof postive that the
fusion Populiata were not only summoned to
meetin National Convention merely as a side |
show for the Democrats, but that they looked ;
tw Bryan and hie Democrat managers for their |
programme and for guidauve in putting it inte |
execution |
“That first preference of Bryan to delegate |
{
'
|
!

the selection of the Viee-Presidential candidate
unconditionally to @ committee appears natural
enough, because in the event the committee
would be persuaded or cajoled into. giv-
ing their power over into the hands of
Brvan and his fellow Demoorata. While this Is |
stated outright in Mr. Bryan's first proposal in |
reallty the sarne thing is sought by more round |
ubout routes io both the other two plans, The
final adoption of the third or ultimatum plank
of Col. Bryan's bill of Instructions will be taken
to mean that Mr. Towne has been given @
nomination inerely to fillin the time up to the
Kansas City Convention and prevent the posi-
Uop trom being occupied by some one distaste-
ful’to Mr. Bryan

“Ifthe man to be selected under the Bryan
programme was to be one pledged in advance
to withdraw, if not Indorsed by the other two
parties, there is no likelihood that he will be
preased uponathe Democrats, unless perhaps
the Populist National Committee, empowere:
to fill the vacancy on the ticket, should be made
up of men more tenacious of the Populist name
than devoted to Kryan.”’

SAYS BIM THE BUTTON MAN.

 

Rot in Kansas City Now- Always Cool tn Jaly
Good Steaks—Great Hille— Fine Ram,

Bin the button man and Len Wager, Ser-
geant-at-Arms of the Deinocratic State Com-
mittee, got back yesterday from Kansas City.
‘They said that it was hot in Kansas City, but
that the residents of the town declared that
duly was always the coolest month in the
summer there

“Kansas City is all right,’ said Bin. ‘Say,
the grub there is the finest | ever ate. The sir-
loin steals -they are the best ever, and the
whiskey, too There arethirty-nine bars {nthe

city, and the people are all right. Well,
you want to take along six suits of
this yellow duck—not white, but yel-
low--arad you Want spikes in your |

|
shoes to climb the hills, Don't wear any hat, or

wise get a paper one. But:they say July is the |

best month in_ the year, Well, it’s hot now |

Say, it takes five minutes to get alive after |

But it’s all |

Tammany |

It bas the best cor- |

When you get |

and you

you've climbed one of those hills.
right. ‘There are three good hotels
has hired the Midland
ridor, and is on top of a_hbill
up there you're 300 feet up, @
know it. The cabmen areallright. Twenty- |
tive cents to go wherever you want to. Four |
men in arig, 28 cents each. One asked me what
hotel would have the best cab customers at it,
T told tins the Midland, He's going to stand
there Weil, it's all right Its hot
and hilly, and all that. But the people
ave all et. Don't bi forget ti that
They're going to give a big reception to
the delegates. The foodis all right, The sir-
loin steaks are the ever. And the whiskey
Well, they'll build bars 100

bat, If the Tammany end Kentucky delegates |
ad known there were only thirty-nine plages
there, I'll bet the convertion wouldn't have
gonethere. But it’s all right.”

The badges for the Democratic delegates will
be silk flags with a medal pendant from the Dn,
and hanging froma bar pin. The badges will be
alike for all delegates, except that aach Stute
will be distinguished by its coat of arms

TO SUPPORT KANSAS CITY TICKET,

Chairman Patterson of Sioux Falls Convention
Saye It Wasa Mistake to Nominate Towne.

Denver, Co! , May 13.--T. M. Patterson, chair-
man of the Populist Convention at Stoux Falls, |
will not support the ticket nominated there
unless it is indorsed at Kansas City. Mr
Patterson was recently indorsed by the Colorado |
Populist Convention as a candidate for the |
United States Senate. He and his paper, the
Rocky Mountain Newa, have supported the
party for the last eight veara Yet in an
editorial to-day, after speaking highly of Towne
asa nian, hesaysin part

“Grant eaid of the Demooratic party: ‘It can
be depended upon to de the very worst thing
atthe opportune time.’ The Populist party
seems to have acquired that habit.

“The convention should have borne in mind
that the Democratic party isagreatparty. It

bas pride and prestige It cannot well afford
to be humiliated; and what more Irritating
humiliation could there be than to be forced to
acoept from another and far weaker party a
sfull Presidential ticket, in the making of which
it was hoy even consulted?

“Should the Democrats not nominate Mr
‘Towne, what then? Since they cannot be
seriously blamed for the failure, the Populista
will almostdo a voter support the Kansas City
tieket. Mr Bryan will certainly head tt, and
the platform will not fall short in declaration
and sentiment. Bryan and a right dectaion
upon the great measures and principles in-
volved in the election are of higher moment
than the fortures of any man.”

The editoral is ragarded as marking the pass-
ing of the Populist party in Colorado

 

»
WONT JOIN THE “KANGAROOS,”

 

Refercndam Vote That May Force Harriman
off the Debs National Ticket.

INDIANAPOLI8, May 18.—The Social Demo-
orate will not accept the “Kangaroos,"’ who are
a faction of the Social Labor party. Hugo Mil-
ler of this city announced yesterday that the
amalgamation proposition has been defeated
by the referendum vote, which stood 1,418 to
931 against amalgamation. The result will
force Job Harriman off the Soctal Democratic

tucket for Vice-President of the United
Btates
In January last at_a@ convention of the

“Kangaroos, ‘heidin Rochester, N.Y, Harri-
man was nominated tor President. He was
formerly of Frankfort, Ind., and Indianapolis,
but.now lives inCalifornia. His running mate
| is Max Hayes of Cleveland, Ohio ‘The tacuon

that placed thesetwo men in nomination op-
posed the Deleon element, now in control of
the Social Labor party, At the convention af
the Social Democrats held two months ago,
Bugene V. Dea was nominated President, and
Harriman made his running mate without much
opposition, The nominations had to be approved
bya referendum vote, and this vote carried
with it not only the acceptance of Harriman as
a candidate, but a union of the Social Deniw-
erates and the’ Kangaroos.”

Now that amalgamation has heen defeated,
and Harriman must be rejected, there is much
speculation as to who will be selected as a run.
ning mate for Debs

 

Pashing Fallows's Candidacy.

Assemblyman Edward H. Fallows is in Fu-
rope, but his friends in the Twenty-first Assem-
bly district are not allowing his candidacy for
the nomination for Senator in the Nineteenth
Senate distret to be forgotten Last week a

circular was distributed widely, in whieh Mr
Fallows’s legislative virtues were set forth, and
the voters were urged to support him, |) Mr
Fallows'’s candidacy is being urmed by ex-As-
semblyman George © Austin, whom he sup-
porte in the primary flght against Col. Abra-
dam Gruber in Mare ), and has the indorsement
of President Quigg of the Republican County
Committes ;

Southern Indastrial Convention,

CHATTANOOGA, Tenn, May 13 The Southern
Industrial Convention will meetin Chattanooga
on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday
Gian,
Joseph Wheeler, Col. A. Ko MeClure, ex-Gov
Wm. A. MeCorikie of West Virginia, who is
President of the Convention, James Wilson,
Neeretary of Agriculiure E 1. Russell, Mobile,

Cul. Jobu J, Garnett, New dork. t

| Congress districts.
tion in the election of 1802 and great expecta-

  
   

  

   

back party. Some of the electoral tickets
voted were made up of Democratic electors
exclusively: some were made up of Greenback
electors exclusively, and some were made up
partly of Democratic electors and partly of
Greenback elactors with the result of leaving
the whole contest in a jumble, the Republicans
carrying the State by 49,000 majority as to
some eleotora and only 3,000 majority as to
others

The purpose of this “Michigan innovation”
Was to enable minor parties to combine on
Presidential tickets, with the smaller of the
regular parties in States which were close
and thereby secure sore representation in
the electoral college an illusory advantage,
since the “eleotoral college” is a political fletion,
there being forty-five electoral colleges, one
in each State, the duties of the members of
which are of a purely routine character,

After the abandonment of the plan of *com-
bination electoral” tickets, another experiment
it somewhat the same {ne was tried as 4 politi-
eal innovation in Michigan, It was the plan
of chousing Presidential electors, not as had
been the rule previously in the State, but by
This plan went into opera-

tious were based upon its future acceptance
by other States,

Presidential electors are apportioned by
Congress districts, except that each State
in addition to the number of inembvers of the
House of Kepresentatives has, in addition,
two electors to correspond with the two Sena-
tors. Michigan had at that time twelve Con-

gress districts, and each of these, voting sepu-
rately trom the others, chose one Presidential
elector. ‘The two other electors were elected
by the State at large, and it was pointed out
by advocates of the plan tbat oue of its bene-
fits would be to give the State representation
fii both parties. In other words, if the State
went Republican Harrison would not get all
the votes, In the contest Harrison carried
the State by a majority of 20,000 and thus se-
cured the two electors at large and seven of
the district electors. Cleveland gol five elec-
tors

No other State followed the lead of Michi-
gan in this respect, and, in fact, it was inade
evident that in practical operation the project
waa ill-advised, tor it really Jert the iniportant
State of Michigan with only four votes in the
electoral college (the tive Democratic electors
ofsetting the five Kepublican electers) and
giving as a net result, Michigan the same in-
fluence as the State o! Florida with four elec-
tors only. Thesucceeding Lansing Legislature
repealed the “District Klectors bill” in ls¥s, and
there has been no talk subsequently of its re-
vival in Michigan or elsewhere

Prior to the Presidential election of 1896 the
Democrats of Michigan (most of the new Miohl-
igan innovations have emanated from the ranke
ol that party) devised a method ior dealing

| with the coinage question.which was expected

to satisfy all tastes, to meet ail requirements

| and to harmonize all differences either of prin-
; ciple or policy

At their State convention they
declared in fawor of the “tree and unlimited
coinage Ofsilver at a ratio that will permitthe
debtors to pay their debts upon’ the same basis
in which they were contracted.” Precisely
what that ratio was or what means existed fcr
ascertaining or how a determination of it was

| be brought about, the Michigan Democrats

did not say, but it was to be observed that it
lett pretty wide open the door for the advocates
of miver and their opponents, for the money

| ratio between the two metals might be the “16

to 1", which the silverites demanded, or the
actual trade ratio established by the market-
able value of silver aa merchandise compared
with wold orit might be any other radu between
the two.

This plan, though tntended to suit all tastes
fell short of commending itself to any one out-
side of Michigan, It was not taken up by any
Democratic eonvention or by any Populist
convention either, in any State, and it was not
deemed worthy of even 4 henring before the
Viattorm Committee of the Chicago convention
More recenuy another innovation was proposed
in Michigan for the harmonizing of industrial
disputes, and a project almost indissolubly

| connected with the name of Pingree, the present

Governor of the State, was thatof “municipal

otato patches.” Under this plan a State munic-
Ipality in times of severe financial distress could
embark in soctalistic garden potato raising
fo to speak, and the financial requirements
of the needy could be sup Hed trom out of the
abundanoe of the soil without the resnance of
bonds, the levying of taxes or by
means

Foratime "Pingree of Michigan” was quite
a hero among the industrial reformers and the

ordinary

| advocates of State socialism, and the Michigan

plan was regarded as the possible solution of
many difficulties By degrees, however advo-
eacy of ita efficacy lias been abandoned both
in and out of Michigan and recently public
attention has been diverted from it to another
Michigan idea of which the Democrats at their
Port Huron convention of May 1 clatmed dia-
vovery. This project, Known now as the Michigan
plan, proposes to bring all Democrats together
as advocates of what ts called “the historic

union of gold and silver as money metals.” It
is argued that no gold man, however stanch
in hiy allegiance to honest money, can be op-

posed to @ Netorie tunton, and no silver
man, however ardent in his devotion to the
white metal, can reject it either. But it isa
serious question of doubt whether there will
be any more general acceptance of this new
mist an plan than of others which have pre-
ceded it

 

SABBATH LAWN CONCERTS,

Mrs. John R, Mclean Gives the First of a
Series at Her Country Wome,

WASHINGTON, May 18. Mrs. John R MolLean
made a striking innovation on Washington so-
cial customs to-day by giving the first of a
series of Sabbath lawn concerts at the McLean
country place, ‘Friendship.’ on the Tennally-
town road. The guests were invited to a ‘'l

o'clock breakfast,” served at small tables on the
lawn, and atao'clock the Marine Band began
a musical programme , pevendahip. adioins
“Grasslands, the summer home of William C.
Whitney when he was Secretary of the Navy
and is but" a stone's throw from "Redtop,”
mnade famous by Grover Cleveland during Yin
first term as President. The Tennallytown
road is afavorite country drive, especially
popular on mundare. and a large number of
outsiders enjoyed the musie by halting in the
roadway

 

A TALL GROWTH
IN TALKING

AD ABT TELEPHONES

in Manhattan on May Ist.

IGAIN iN Four MONTHS}
ATT TELEPHONES

Manhattan has the largest
Telephone System in the

World, and it is still growing

at the rate of over 1,000
stations a month.

80,000 TELEPHONE STATIONS

in New York and Vicinity.

Efficient and far-reaching
service. Every Subscriber's
Station has Long Distance
Telephone.

LOW RATES.
Service in Manhattan from

$5 A MONTH.

ONE YEAR CONTRACTS. MONTHLY PAYMENTS.

NEW YORK TELEPHONE CO,,

15 DeySt. 111 West 38th St.

 

 

   
    
   
     
  
   
 
 

    

receive FURS
and also to make

Advantages may be secured by
having this work done as early as possible,

CHORAL UNION'S CONCERT,

Handel's Samson" Given Under the Direction
of Frank Damrosch.

Frank Damrosch had overy reason to be proud
of his share of the work in the concert given
last night at Carnegie Hall. Handel's “Sam-
son” was eung by the People’s Choral Union of
this city and the great chorus was heard for
the first time this winter in {ts entirety. The
temperature in Carnegie Hall was not condu-
cive to the enjoyment of music, but it was a

constant source of regret whenever the
choir ended ita share in the progress
of the oratorio The singers showed

the results of their splendid training in the

precision and purity of their work, the spon-
tanelty and variety of their singing was re-
markable, and the quality of tone, its even bal-
anoe an certainty made the share of the
choruses inthe performance highly creditable
to itamembers and their conductor, Mr. Dam-
rosch. Itis said that more than a thousan
voices were heard, andthe platform, which was
niade to extend tothe centre of the auditorium,
seemed to contain that number

The soloists last night were Clementine de
Vere, Marguerite Hall, who replaced Carrie
Bridewell, absent on account of alckness, Wil-
ham Rieger and Myron Whitney, Jr. The ar-
rangement of the stage was not advantageous
toany of them. Aas the singers were moved 80
far forward in the hall, the voices seemed to
lack resonance. The oratorio of Handel has
not been heard in New York for many years
and it cannot be said that its frequent revival
other (han to display such a@ fine choir as the
Chora! Union would be desirable, Last night
it served that good purpose and was highly ac-
ceptable.

FIRE SWEEPS WORKHOUSE BAKERY.

 

But There Wont Be a Bread Famine, Because
the State Bakeshop Can Be Used.

The bakery on Blackwell's Island, {n which
bread is baked by the inmates of the work-
house for the institutions on the Island and for
the City Lodging House at Twenty-third street
and First avenue, was wrecked by fire at noon
yesterday, and its contents were destroyed.
The building is a two-story stone affair. The
fire started on the first floor, probably from a
defective flue, andas the bakery was unoccu-
pied, the flames gained considerable headway
before a watchman discovered them and turned
out Engine 49, which is stationed on the Island

Some of the workhouse inmates were turned
out to help the firemen, and a squad of police
was sent over to the Island from the Past Sixty-
seventh street station, but the volunteer aids
could only take out some of the baking material

So iauah water was pumped into the building
that when the fire was out it was discovered
that nearly all of the flour, of which 2,100 bar-
rela were stored there, was unfit for use The
building was saved but $4,000 dainage was done.
Engine 49 weakened her pumping apparatus
anda spare engine from fire headquarters took
her place

The bread used inall of the buildings under
the direotion of the Department of Correction
was baked in the building, but Warden Fox
said last night that there would be no bread
farnine in any of the institutions to-day He
explained thatenough breed had been baked
on Batarday to last until Tuesday, and until a
new bakeshop is erected bread can be baked
in the bakeshop attached to the Manhattan
State Hospital on Ward's Island

ROOSEVELT AND CROMWELL,

A Baltimore Preacher Speaks on the Gov-
ernor and the English Protector.

BALTiMorF, May 13. The Rev. Oliver Huckle,
one of the leading ministers of Baltimore,
preachedasermon at the Associate Reformed
Church here to-day on ‘Oliver Cromwell."" Ha
said

“What does the old Puritan captain mean for
our religious lives to-day? The Old Testament
captains were like Joshuaand Abner. Cromwell
faonthe line of the later succession with such
worthies as King Alfred, (harlemagne and the
Bruce menwho commanded in the name of

truth, nobility and God) Cromwell went forth
from his farm to flaht for Kneglish liberties.

‘Cromwell's character, so lon misrep-
resented, is getting justice in these days,
Thomas Carlyle, in his elucidation of the
‘Letters and Speeches,’ has done a noble and
masterly service. And now (Gov. Theodora
Roosevelt of New York is doing most excellent
work inaseries Of articles that is revivifying
the life and tines of Cromwell Most interest-
ing is it to find Cromwell the hero of Col
Roosevelt, who is himself a soldier and statee-
man, and who In his unique regiment of the
Kough Kiders bore a somewhat striking, al-
though at times contrasting, resemblance to
Cromwell and his ‘Ironsides.’

MAN HUNT IN KANSAS,

Bank Robbers Escape From Jail and KIN
Deputy Marshal Who Was Porsulng Them.

Emporia, Kan, May 18 ~ Hundreds of people
are scouring the Neosho Valley in Lyons, Mor-
ris, Osageand other counties in a determined
hunt. They are onthe trail of James Murphy

and EF. F. Stell, who robbed the Maryville bank
on May %, were captured, broke jailshort)y atter
midnight and added to their crimes by shooting
and killing DeputyMarshal Roberts near Durlap,
eighteen miles north of here. Roberta came
upon the robbers in the darkness just before
dawn. Believing them part o! the possesearch-
ing forthe robbers, he hailed them and waa
answered by both barrels of a shotgun, fired
by one of the desperadoes, the charge passing
through Roberta's heart

When word reached Dunlap of the killing of
Roberts hundreds of citizens armed thernselves
and started in pursuit. A posse has tratled

 

them from Maryville, near the Nebraska
line, to Dunlap, a distance of 150
miles, and their capture seems a

uestion of only afew hours. Reports from
the searebing parties say that Murphy and Stell
had been seen near the Neosho River at dusk.
A reward of $2,000 has been offered forthe ar-
rest of either of the fugitives

Loving Cup for Jacob H. Schiff.

Jacob H. Schiff, President of the Montefiore
Home at 138th street and Broadway, was the
recipient at the home pooseres of a silver lov-
ing cup presented by the Board of Directors in
commemoration of thetwenty-fifth anniversary
of his wedding

Tho Weather.

The warm wave moving eastward {n front of an
area of low pressure from the northwest spread yes
terday over the Oblo Valley and the Lake regions.
‘There was also a general increase of heat in the
Middle Atlantic and New England States, partly due
to an area of high pressure central on the South at-
lantic coast which threw off warmer, southerly winds.
West of the Alleghanies the temperature was 10 to 12
degrees higher than on the coast

rhe weather was fairin nearly all districts except
for light showers

In this city sueh showers fell in the early morning
clearing weather setting In about #@A.M., then It be
gAn to Crow warmer, average humidity, 79 percent;
wind southerly, average velocity fourteen miles an
barometer corrected to read to sea level at & A.

40,00; 3 P. M., 29.04
ihe temperature as recorded by the offictal ther
mometer, and also by THR SUN'S thermometer at the
street level, is shown inthe annesed table

hour
M

-OMeial~ Sun's OMeial—~ Sun's.

1900. 1880. leuD 1900, 1609. lyvu

9 A.M.59 62° OA 6P. M. 88? 6\" 7A?
2M 71° ‘4 a OP, &. 77° os? 72°
3p. M83? 6? 70 j12 Mid. 74° Sas fy?
WASHINGTON PORECAST FOR TODAY AND TO

MORROW
For New England, fair today and Tuesday, warm

In the tntertor, variable winds becoming fresh south
fast

For eastern New York, New Jersey, eastern Penn
sylrania, the Dtstrtet of Columbia, Delaware, Mary
lund and western Pennsylrania, fair and continued
warmtoday and Tuesday. fresh tou'h winds

For western New York falrtoday, wariner in west
portion, Tuesday fair, continued warm. fresh to brisk
south winds ;

 

Go to O'Neill's
To-day for Ribbons Special sale begins today. Full
details in their advertisement in this paper
Ave, 20iD bo ist ot Aas

B. Altman t €o. are prepared fo

NS

 
    

    
 

FOR STORAGE
repairs when desired,

      
 

   
 
 

& J. Sloane.

|
Just received, an im-
portant collection of
choicest Antique and,
Modern - |

— Eastern Rugs,

including many rareex- |
amples of Oriental Art. |
Connoisseurs espe-

,  Cially invited.

| Broadway & 19th Street,

——

   

REDMOND REPLIES TO SALISBURY,
Premier's Speech a Gross Insult to Ireland,
Says the Irish Leader.

Special Cable Despatchto THE Sus
TLonpon, May 13.--Mr. John Redmond, chair.
man of the Irish Nationalist party, in a speech
delivered at Manchester, said that Lord Salis.
bury, in his speech at the annual meeting of the
Primrose League, had administered to Irish.
men a valuable reminder of how little was to be
expected from British gratitude and good

will,

The Prime Minister, he added, had chosen
the moment when there was a golden oppor.
tunity for creating and cementing good feel.
ing between the two countries to grossly insult

Ireland and to deliberately misrepresent her
| claims with evnical and brutal frankness. His

speech was like a douche of \ced water, but if
he represented the real voice of the ruling

classes in Fngland, it was well that it had been
made

In conclusion, Mr Redmond declared that
the work Ireland had to undertake in the
future was to again make it inconvenient and
dangerous for Great Britain to withhold Insa
rights

LODGE'S SPEECH STIRS UP GERMANS,

Dissatisfaction Over ‘‘The Ill-Concealed Men-
ace to a Friendly State."’
Specia! Cable Despatch to THR SUN,
Beruin, May 18 Considerable dissatisfaction
is expressed here over the recent apeech of
United States Senator Lodge. The Vossache
Zeitung's comments are typical of several
others that appear. It complains of the \\\-

concealed menace to a friendly state contained
in the speech, and says

“Americans must not suppose that they wil
gain any increase of aympemy throughout the
world by rodomontade of thissort. ‘The only
effect of such thoughtless speectes will be to
bring American politics and the forms it as-
sumies into worse repute than ever,"

NATIONALISTS GAIN IN PARIS,

Win Twenty of Thirty Contested Seats in the
Municipal Council,

Special Cable Despatehto THE SUN. * Gp

Panis, May 12— The second hallots for mems

bers of the Municipal Council in the cases

where the voting was not decisive last Sunday

took place to-day and resulted in further syc-
cesses for the Nationalists, they and their allies

waa twenty of the thirty seate, It fs likely
that this will give impetus to the Nationalist
agitation

 

KNIGHTS WANT TO MAKE ICE.

 

They Will Ask Aldermen to Set Aside Sites
for Two Plants.

The Central Labor Union, which meeta at 147
West Thirty-second street, instructed {1s secres
tary yesterday to write to the Board of Alder-
men asking the board to donate two plots of
ground on which artificial ice plants could be
erected ‘'so that ice could be sold at a low cost,

which would be a lasting benefit to the poor”
Speaking in favor of the project, Treasurer

opp said’ "The Knighta of Labor stand ready
to guarantee that if they get two granta of
round, one on the East Side and one on tha
Vest Side, with water and other privileges, ther
will have two ice planta in splendid paying
order by next summer that will turn out cheap
ice, Weean then turn the whole affair over to
the city to operate

“We can raise $100,000 to operate the plant,”
saida delegate

Platt's
Chlorides

The household disinfectant.

An odorless, colorless liquid; powers
ful, safe and cheap. Instantly destroys
foul odors and chemically neutralizes
disease-breeding matter.

Especially prepared to meet the datiy sanitary uses
ofthe careful housekeeper; for purtfying the wac'e

 

  

Fi Deke water closets, BS, cesapouls, ete ; for spr!
Ing about the cellars. stables and all susp! s
places where disease gerins lurk

Sold to quart bottles only, by druggists, hig! ‘
grocers department stores and dealers In hous

Henry Bo Plast

by

WITHOUT
BELTS

Guaranteed to hold or money refunded.

Hare you not found that spr
aga@rasated vour r .

nishing goods. Prepared only
Platt Street, New York

 

n@ andetastictr ,
ptore Sie t snr

{t

 

 

fitted by dealers ienorant of the anatomy

are ponsible for all rupture trout Vy t $
forthe onty selentifie truss guaranteed t

mo ‘funded, Hall bearing pads insure free rm
tion every where waterproof, duratl ) i
elastics, holeg straps: no heavy sj; g’ The 6
common sense eure for rupture by keeping It prop
erly held

CHAS, CLUTHE CO,
29 Past i4th St, bet. Sth av and Union s
OOW FREI

| 326 Tth Av., Near JSth St.

Fath, 1843, Tel, 11°92 84th Bt
Send for Circular,

y T._M. STEWART.

—————

BATH = FIXTURES

ROOM and AUXILIARIES
MEYER-SNIFFEN CO,, Ltd., 5 East i9th %&