SHON AT TR

————_———

DE COSTA TO CATHOLICS.

THE CONVERTED MINISTER LEC-
TURES IN MOTT STREET,

To « large Congregation inthe Church of the
Fransfiguration He Tells Why He Left
the Episcopal Falth-He Says That He
Hopes to Die a Roman Catholic,
The Rev, Dr Benjamin F. De Costa, who,
left the Fplaconal Church because the Rev. Dr.
Brigas was received into tt, and then became a
convert to Catholicism, lectured last night in
the Roman Catholic Church of the Transfigu-
ration, whieh is diagonally opposite the Joss
flouse fu Mottatreet. The church was crowded
with Christians, ‘The street, in the immediate
vicinity of the churoh, was crowded with
the heathen Chines, Somebody announced in
Mott street yesterday afternoon that a high
personage was to speak inthe Transfiguration
Church in the evening, andso the street was
decorated and illuminated almost as brilllantly
us during the visit of If Hung Chang, But this
was pot altogether on account of Dr. De Costa
‘The Kev. Father Mclaughlin, rector of the
church, ja very popular among the Chinamen
and whenever there is anything especial going
on at the church, Mott street decorates,
It was Dr. De Costa's first public appearance
since he left the Episcopal Chureb and gave up
his old polpit in the Church of Bt. John the
Evangelist in West Tenth street. The subject
he elected to speak was ‘‘From
* In introducing him

 

on whieh
Canterbury to Rome
Father Mol.aughitn said that Dr. De Costa had
been « member of Transfiguration congrega-
Hon for some time before he left the Episcopal
Chure) and that, a few weeks ago, he had ex-
perienced @ wish to do something for the
Acoordingly the lecture was arranged

shure!
End an adriseion of 26 oents wigcharged,
\Lout twen’y ‘priests occupied the front
pe ‘a

‘Thave really been a Catholio since I was
Well, why, some of you will

   

our years od.
cou did it take you gu long to proclaim your-
gel’ [hat, for me, is a hard question to an-
ewer, but | may answer it in one way by saying
hat »tuinds reach conclusions on great
) subjects slowly, But. I've come out at last,
and, Godand Father McLaughlin willing, l've
come tostay. (Loud applause.) And the con-

cisions that impelled me to come were the
usions, not of a boy justout of the theo-

cone
inary, with abrand new degree of

ogicnl ser
er attached to him, but the conclustonsof an
oldman And lela that the conclusions of
an old man on such subjects are just as good as
those of a boy (Applause }

“But ldida'tcome without pangs of regret
and bitter rears at leaving my old frien An
now L would not speak harshly of them, When
Iwasa boy Lwent one Sunday afternoon to
the serviee at old St) John's Episeopal Church
{n Charlestown, just outside Boston. When
went hone my mother asked me where l had
been. I told her I'd been to the Episcopal
meeting, and she held up her hands in horror
and exclaimed i

‘The Episcopal meeting! Why, don't you
know that’s next door to the Catholic?’

“Tf jtas next door to the Catholic Church
hould I speak unkindly of it? Why should
vi lof the bridae which has carried me
over? But, my friends, | want to tall
that the Catholic Church ta the Church

     
  

yo
because it knows where it's at and isn't afraid

tosay so. If vou asked twenty clergymen over
there in my ward, the old Ninth, what care
reant when he said, “This is my body an
This iamy blood,’ you'd get twenty different
answers, and everyone of those clergymen
would accuse the other nineteen of the rankest
heresy Ask the same question of any Catholio
priastinany church in this city, in this coun-
try, on this continent, or in the world and you'll
getone, andonly one, anawer, The Catholic
Church knows what {it believes and isn't afraid
of hurting someondy 8 feelings by saying so.
{Loud and continued applause.

"Maybe you didn't know It, but this very
chureh used to be an Episcopal church. The
Episcopalians gave it up because they said the
guarter gottoo badfor them, I suppose they
wanted to call the righteous, not sinners, to
repentance, so they moved) up among the
righteous. The Episcopal Church has aban-
doned many other parishes below Fourteent
street and in this city has abandoned thirty in
all. As the Episcopal Church moved out the
Catholic moved in. Thirty battles fought and
lost by the Episcopal Church In this city!
Thirty battles fought and won by the Catholic
Church! Is there any doubt, my friends, whioh
Church is marching on? God willing, | mean to
be on the winning side [(Applause.)

*Ttell you, my friends, the Reformationists
are bankrupt. They can no longer hold their

weople together. All of us have heard of “Rip
Van Winkie’ and some of us have seen the play.
When he awoke from his sleep he could not be-
Heve that Washington was President and that
George was not King. Some of theae Reforma-
tionists to-day believe that Henry VIII. is King
and that Cranmer is Archbishop of Canterbury,
‘They think Henry is King and Cranmer is Arch-
bishop because they want to thinkso But
Henry and ranmer are dead and the system of
divorce which they inaugurated has left to this
country alone a legacy of 818,000 divoroes. Is it
any wonder men who believe in the sanctity of
marriage leave the Episcopal Church? T

 

he

 

Catholic Church believes that religion and
education should go handin hand. The other
churches believe that religion should go as it
pleases, and that all education should be
secular. I believe there can be no true educa-
tion without religion. Therefore, I am a
Catholic; and a Catholic I shall remain.” [Ap-
plause |

SERWON BY AN EASTERN THEIST,

 

The Rev. P. C, Mozoombar Preaches at All
Souls’ P. E, Cherch,

The Rev P.C. Mozoombar, leader of the native
Theistic Church of India, who arrived here on
Raturday to attend the Conference of Liberal
Religions in Boston, preached last evening at
All Souls’ Protestant Episcopal Church. “He
brings to us,” sald the Rev. Dr. Heber Newton,
rector of All Souls, ‘‘'a message of the universal
spirit which is with the people of the East as of
the West."

“When Jesus Christsald ‘God ts a spirit,’"’ Mr,
Mozoombar said, ‘He struck a note to which
all great souls before Him responded. God isa
epirit. Do we men know what aspiritis? Do
we mean a spectre, a ghost, a supernatural)
tomething which fills us with fear? Nay, not
only do ve know what a spirit ts, what spirits
are. we are aptrits ourselves. Man {s not a
mere handful of clay. He is a spirit. When I
talk tovou it is a spirit that addresses your
epirita We forget from what land we oome,
We become one in spiritif we speak the truth,
andthatisasis right. Should we treasure the
Fpiritiess, lfeless clay and call that our be-
ioved? No. Every one recognizes in man the
6) rit as the real man.

“Why, then, do you find it dificult to recog-
nize that God is aspirl, likewise? You see the
spirit of the heart in_ the great love that throbs
threugh mankind, You know that what the
part is to woman, the soul of sanctity to the
fant, God is toman, Nowhere so much asin

la was the Spirit of God known and de-
clire | Nearly 4,000 years before the birth of
Christ they described the Spirit, they uttered hia

me, théy bowed before his glory. Sometimes
ey are called pantheistic. But through these
uthelstic errors, in a light of simple faith,

beheld God, that God was not man, that
1 was not God, but that God was in man and
nin Goe
As intellect in India adulterated religious

 

ant,

 

 

 
  

ere truth, sointelleot and dogmatism, sacerdota!-
a ‘+h governments and Church creeds,
roys Have mixed themselves with the simply purity
izes oF the gospel of love which the Son of Man
preached M-stlives are nobler than. their
Creeds Morality is only piety in the bestof
pricticallife. The Sermon on the Mount was
y uses Onis the excellenctes of the utterances of the
waste Gospelorst John When councils sit in judg-
rink mer rething very gifferent from the spirit
ehoue Ol Christ comes to the st irface” Butat the
cliss Rr moment there isa great revival of the
ture bir trod among men Among the Hindoos
Plait the s and] am sure there is among the
(hristians. There is one God and one heaven
©) which He is the Father and the mother.”
= The} Dr Heber Newton: “We have hadan
( nthat I would to God tnight have
been heard at the close of that great Eoumeni-
C4) Converenee LT would God that the Voice of
the F «ht have been heard, to the removal
TA horrowness in the message of the univer-
a 68) brotherhood of the spirit.’
; r eRey | Thonias Rk Slicer and the Rabbi
ded. yi ttheil were among the Rey. Mr. Mozoombar's
k ‘rer us wera soma men who looked Iike
trusses ist Indians
ssually \ S
pture, ew Charch for IMallans at Mount Vergoa.
ous \t {
Arb Vinson, N. ¥., May 18. —Bishop Far-
ree mo- \ ley {the cornerstone of the new Church of
cutting ( iw 7 i . .
Ihe one Tount Carmel this afternoon in
it prop the pre-enes of more than four thousand peo-
i ‘heehureh is mainly for the use of Ital-
oo WI f pieted it will cost about $60,000,
N.Y. Fat { Maraveile isthe pastor, Many

aes t re jaborera and quarrymen
, Priest bas prevailed upon then to per-
mri the labor on the new chureh free of
8 1 wee when they are not otherwise employed.
reseoung and painting is also to be accom-
St. i | Mished in the same manner
Bt —
Taps Sounded Over Farragut’s Grave.
J
T.

Mors? Vervon, May i3.--The annual memo-

 

ral © over the grave of Admiral D. G.
: hricutwes held this afternoon in Woodlawn
semote 'y Farragut Squadron No, 1, United
; wiles Noval Veterans, whieh was assisted by
RIES vital Post No. toand Batteries Land 2 of the
nay “Cadets Addresses were made, and then
& | Burin ans and the children of the Woodlawn
aun Iv schools covered the grave with flowers
\ pe flaws, and a bugler from @ man-of-war at
6 Savy Yard sounded taps,
°

 

ed

th
d
rt
I
y

all

MR. WANAMAKER DID NOT FEAR.

The Rev. Dr, Carson Miustrates [2's Text With
a Recent Incident,

The Rev. Dr. J, F. Carson preached last oven-
ing in the Central Presbyterian Church, Jeffer-
son and Marcy avenues, Brooklyn, on Bel-
shazzer’s feast, He said, in part

“Belshazzar was fifteen years of age when he
was admitted to a sharein the kingly power,
and the glory that was too great for mighty
Nebuchadnezzar turned tho head of young
Belshazzar, He was weak and sensual and
arrogant. All his surroundings ministered to
his sensualty, His coffers were filled with gold.
Princes were his servants King’s daughers
were his concubines. Luxury and lioentious-
ness were the order of his life. In lMne with this
order was the brilliant banquet which he gave
to a thousand of his princes. Richest viands
from all lands loaded the tables, The rarest
wines of every vineyard aparkled in the royal
decanters and filled the golden chalices,

“When the feast was at its helght an armless
band was seen moving along the wall and
slowly writing strange characters. The revellers

were sobered. The music stopped. The gobleta
fell from_nerveless hands Porror filled all

hearts. ener knew not the meaning of the
wrung but It was not so muoh the writing on
the wall that struck terror to their hearts as it

was the conscience within, interpretating the
writing a8 against them. Itis not what men
may write against us that terrorizes us. Itis
the sense of the Justios of the writing. If the
conscience be free from the sense of guilt one
fears not what man may say or do against him.
The thief imagines each bush an officer. It {fa
the soul's consclence of guilt that makes the
writing of the armless hand terrible

“That was a magnificent scene the other day
in yonder business office in Philadelphia. An
official of the city government called upon the
merchant for the purpose of securing his influ-
ence in changing the editorial bias of the news-
aper which isowned by the merchant's son,
‘he editorials of this paper have been bearing
hard on certain actions of the city government.
The official pleaded with the merchant, and not
succeeding, he began to threaten him,isaying
that the men whom he represented would ex-
ppeeiine private life of the merchant, and told
iim that they had had detectives d ing his
steps in Philadelphia, New York and Washing-
ton and that they had followed him through
Europe The merchant, whose Christian char-
acter and kindly life are known the worid over,
met the abominable insult of his accusers wi
the coatenes, ‘I defy you,’ and leading to his
office door, bade the head of the Police Depart-
ment of Philadelphia to leave

“That defiance was the consciousness of per-
sonal Integrity. That was virtue defying vile-
ness. That was character challenging coward-
foe. The armless hand was not feared, because
the conscience brought no accusation of oul
When a man's life is pure and upright an
righteous he fears not any man who follows him
in the dark.”’

SUSTAIN WANAMAKER,
The Attempt to Coerce Him Denounced tn
Many Philadelphia Puolpits,

PHJLADELPAIA, May 13.--The attempt of Di-
rector of Public Safety English to force John
Wanamaker to stop newpaper attacks op
Mavor Aehbridge and his administration by
threatening to make exposures damaging to
his reputation was referred to by many preach-
ersin their sermons to-day Without excep-
tion they condemned the attempt to muzzle
the press and said that the Director should be
removed fromm office.

PREACHERS

DR, MACARTHUR'S DREAD OF DEBT,

He Urges Calvary’s Congregation to Keep
Their Charch Free of It.

The Rev. Dr. Robert Stuart MacArthur, pas
tor of Calvary Baptist Church, preached a
special sermon at the morning service vester-
day in celebration of the thirtieth anniversary
of his pastorate in that church, Dr Mao
Arthur told of the many benefits and merotes
for which Calvary Church should be grateful,
and closed with an appeal for funds to keep the
eburch free from debt.

“We are not arich church,” said he, ‘we have
never had a millionaire inour congregation and
probably never will have one, yet we have done
more than our sharein charities, We sold our
old church in Twenty-third street for $225,000
and built this beautiful house of worship at a
cost of $525,000, and we are not in debt one cent
for the church or site There is 2nly one other
Bapttst church in the world that is as beautiful
as ours. It cost $800,000 andisin Seotand. We
have given over $2,000,000 to charities

‘There are persons in this church who come
and hear good mbsic, and are treated with the
utmost courtesy, yet they never give one cent
They would not hesitate to pay 50 cents or @
dollar to go to aconcert. Thereis not another
church in this eity where pew sittings are a0
cheap and the payments so easy, yet a few
willing ones have to bear the brunt of it all

‘Do not have it come so that the pastor
stands at this end of the church and the sexton
at the other and have them eat up evervthing
till they meet in the centre and there {s no
church left
ohurch, for which we have given our life's
work, endowed. I say to you vounger meme-
bers, who may some day have charge of tha
church affairs, if you put a mortgage on this
building to meet current expenses we will feel
like nsing from our graves and as ghosts pro-
test against the act.”

 

THE REV. R. L, JACKSON RETIRES.
He Has Raised the Money to Pay Off the

Dedt of His Charch in Greenwich, Conn.

GREENWICH, Conn., May 13.--The Rev. Robert
L. Jackson, who for three vears has been act-
ing pastor of the First Presbyterian Church
here, preached his farewell sermon to-nicht and
will epend the summer writing storiesand doing
other literary work in Mount Vernon. In the
fall be will resume preaching ina larger fleld
His closing remarks referred to the work
which had been done here during his pastorate
He said:

“You have been patient and persistent
throughouta trying crisis. You are about to
enter upona future which promises a much
larger measure of prosperify and, I trust,a
larger measure of usefulness to this com-
munity.

Mr. Jackson came here fresh from college to
achurch which practically was dead 0
Javemeyer had contributed largely to the

uilding of the church and manse, Then the
congregation split, the wealthy members re-
tying and the Westchester Presbytery took the
church in hand. The property was put in Mr.
favemeyer’s hands, and, on Jan. 2, 1898,

leased it to the church for $1 a year far two
eara with the privilege of redeeming It for

0,000 in two years, Mr. Jackson succeeded in

aving off the indebtedness and Mr. Havemeyer

as agreed to transfer the church property to
the ecclesiastical society of the church this
week,

TO CANONIZE TWO NEW SAINTS,

Archbishop Corrigan and Other Americans to
Be in Rome for the Ceremonies,

The Catholics of New York, both clergy and
laity, are to be represented at one of the most
imposing ceremonies ever held in Rome, when
on May 24 two new saints are to be canonized,
Jobn Baptist De La Salle, founder of the order

of Christian Brothers, and Rita da Cascia, a nun
of the Augustinian order Itis not often that
the canonization ceremony ts held. During the
present Pope's pontificate it has taken piace
only ten times

The Pope is to preside at the ceremonies and
he has invited the Bishops of the world to be
present. New York is to be represented at the
canonizations by Archbishop Corrigan and his
secretary, Father Connolly, as well as many
srominent laymen, tncluding Supreme Court
Nations O'Brien and Barrett and John D,
Crimmins. From Brooklyn there will be pres-
ent Bishop MeDonnell and the priests and laity
who compose the pilgrimage to Rome that
sailed from here on Apii 24 laat,
———

Che Fabrics Offered

in Our stock are from the selected
makers of the best fabrics in the
world. Every piece is produced
by expert labor working under
the best conditions to secure
quality at moderate cost.

Burnhams Phillips

Custom Cailoring Only,
Cemple Court Aunex, no Nassau $t

Agate Nickel Steel Ware

Cooking Utensils.

GUARANTEED ABSOLUTELY PURE,
For sale by

LEWIS & CONGER,

180 and 2182 West 42d Street

"

 

|
|

We want to have this beautiful Phen he retour

aus p i: pie

 

SPARKLES IN PITY’S TEAR,

THAT'S WHAT JUDGE BWING says
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE Doxs,

 

As for What Christian Science Is, the Judge
Makes No Concealment, bet Comes Out
Flat-Footed and Says I¢ Is the Hand.clap
of the Moantaines When Christ Was Korn,

“Christian Science isthe star that kept holy
guard over the Babe in the manger; It is the
hand-clap of the mounta!ns when Christ
was born, {t is the song of the sons of
God when the Saviour oame to this
earth; it is love fortified by love
hope strengthened by hope, sympathy tntensi-
fled by sympathy; it sparkles in the tear of pity
and dwells in the dimpled cheek of beauty; it
exhales from the fragrance of the flower and
speaks with the voloe of the Infinite; it ta all
fn all.”

That is the definition given toan audience at
the Academy of Musicin Brooklyn yesterdyy af-
ternoon by William G. Ewing, a member of the
Christian Science Board of Lectureship and
formerly Judge of the Superior Court of Chiva-
It fs about as definite as anything else he

go.
eaid in tbe course of nearly two
hours of talk on a wide range of

topica, which were supposed to be in some way
related to the advertised subject of the lecture,
“Christlan Science, the Religion of Jesus
Christ.’ Any one who can get any meaning
from the definition quoted above might have
been able to find out something about Christian
Acience from the rest of the lecture, but it left
the great majority of the audienoe in a lost and
groping state of mind. Itiseaid that Judge
Ewing getaasalary to go about and explain
Christian Scienoe to unbelievers: it would seem
from his address of yesterday that his employ-
ment is probably to keep concealed anything
definite about that religion. Asa disoourser of
eloquent and meaningless platitudes he is a
brilliant success, butin so far as his appear-
ance yesterday is concerned, this may be ex-
plained partly by the influence of the past, as it
was in the Brooklyn Academy of Musio that he
opened Cleveland's campaign in 1888.

Postmaster Francis H. Wilson {ntroduced
Judge Ewing in a very brief speeoh, taking
occasion to explain that be waa not himself a
Christian Selentist and didn't know anything
aboutit. The Christian Science lecturer came
foward and revealed himself as a preternatur-
ally thin man with long, gaunt hands which he
habitually clasped before him and then turns
inside out while speaking, He says that his life
forthe past fifteen yeara is due entirely to
Christian Science. He speaks with consider-
able fervor, so much'so that he shakes and
shivers while in the throes of oratory and one
sees that he ta a much older man than he looks.
A Synopsis of his lecture was furnished to the
reporters and they were told beforehand that
they need not trouble themselves to take any
notes. The following synopsis is not, however,
the official one

For ten minutes Judge Ewing told bis hearers
how intelligent they looked and assured them
that he wasn't going to preach to them any re-
Hiwion that is not taua@bt in the churches, For
five minutes he expressed his esteem for the
physicians, but intimated that they were usurp-
ing the funetions of the Alrmghty in irying to
cure the sick bor fifteen minutes he descanted
upon the beliefa and teachings of our ancestors,
Pp inting ont how the new beliefs were always
etter than the old Then he gave five minutes,
approximately, each (othe topics of slavery,
woman's rights, religious intolerance, the foun-
dations of government, his own ancestry and a
farnily will tn some wav illustrative of the
woman's rights matter, and the Ilinois mar-
riage law Hehad now talked aboutan hour
and his audience began to think it was time
for him to get to work and tell them
something that they couldn't have heard ata
high school commenoemen! and they rustied
accordingly. It was a feminine sort of rustle, as
the audience waa largely ‘inade upof women
and the speaker probably perceived that it
meant business and that it behooved him to do
better. Accordingly he began to swing his arms
somewhat in the mannerof one who exercises
with Indjan clubs (though thata Christian Scien-
tistshould take it Into his mortal mind to bestow
exercise upon his body {s tneoncelvable) and
launched out {nto a sentence about as long as
aSun column, recording the pplnte of affinity
between the “old churches,” as he called them,
and the Christian Science Church, conclud-
ing each phrase with the words, ‘‘and 80 do we.”
No point of the comparison was Important, but
they convinced the speaker and he announced
at the close of this particular line that upon all
the essentials of tought he and his hearers were
incomplete harmony As he hadn't yet di-
vulged any of his essentials of thought thi
roposition was incontrovertible, Next he saic
1@ would teli what Christian Science is It was
diseoverad by ‘the Rev. Mary Baker Eddy,"’ he
suid, about thirty vears ago, Because Mra.
Eddy {s a woman he conceived it to be necase
sary to drift off here into along explanation of
the superiority of woman over man with ine
stances, ilustrations, plans and specifications
ad to a consideration of what
Thev beleved that God

   

 

his hearers helfeved

 

could heal ills because they prayed to hin
Hers he drew a tonching ploture of a dyin
child whom the physicians had given up aa

 

 

affected himself almost to tears And atill he
hadn't told what Christian Science was But
h  proceetied to inform liis audience of what te
had done, not considering it worth while to go
into details

“Absolute cures in thousands of cases,” said
he, “covering the whole range of ilis have de-
monstrated the possibility and eMeacy of meta-
yhysical healing and the absolute truth of

hristian Selence. The words of Christ tellin
liis disciples to go forth and heal were directad
to the Christian Scientists, and we are following
His precepts. Therefore, my good friends, go
forth and Jay hands on the sick and bid them
rise in the nameof Christ. You muat do it with
faith. It ts asevere test, but it is the way of
Christian Science."

Judge Ewing closed his address with the
definition of Christian Science given above
His audience was not enthusiastic. The only
outburst ol applause was for one of hia funny
stories, of which he told several, and told them
wel

 

YALE DIVINITY SCHOOL,

Commencement Exercises Began With a Ser
mon by President Harris of Amherst.

N&w HAVEN, Conn., May 18.--The commence-
ment exercises of the Yale Divinity School were
begun this evening with the anniversary ser
mon, preached by President George H. Harris
of Amherst College in the Centre Congrega-
tional Church before the students of the Divin-
ity School. Dean Fisher presided and President
Hadley Introduced President Harris

Dr. Harris spoke on “Church-going.” He
dwelt first on the sianificance of the indisputa-
ble fact that the number of churchgoers has
fallen off in recent years. This he ascribed toa
natural cause--a change in the popular con-
ception of religion, In former times the Church
was looked upon as the indiapenaable means of
salvation. There has been an imperceptible
but none the less sure change of sentiment.
The increasing nurober of charitable institu-
tions, he sald, are an indication of true religion
and they work hand-in-hand with the Church.

Dr Harris then spoke of the Church in its
presentiorm as representing religion objecti-
fled, and closed his addresa with snegestions to
the members of the senior class. The funetion
of the Church, he said, was to satisfy the long-
ing for a devotion, which is natural to
man, and notto preach sermons He advised
the consolidation of weak, scattered churches
in the rural districts, and said that what was
needed was fewer but stronger churches

To the clags when they rose to hear his final
charge Dr. Harris said: “The minister of to-
day holds the greatest place for the bettering
of mankind, ‘There was never a better time
for the work. Wehave now emancipated our-
selves fron false conceptions and inthe hearts
of men there is areal hunwer and thirst after
righteousness. You may enter without hesita-
tion or misgivings into your work of bringing
men to themselves."

SUNDAY SPORT IN HACKENSACK.

Golf Links and Kall Grounds Thronged Walle
Preachers Condemned Them.

HACKENSACK, N, J., May 18.—Sunday golf
and baseball were denounced in nearly every
Hackensack church to-day. There was the
usual gathering on the golf links west of the
Heights, while on the eastern side a game of
baseball waa played between white and colored
nines with a large erowd cheering the con-
testants. In the evening the old Reformed
Chureh on the green was crowded with persons
Who assembled to hear the Rev. Herman Van-
derwart give his views on the decline of Sabbath
observance = If desecration of the Sabbath
continued, Mr, Vanderwart sald, he believed
the day would soon be obliterated as a holy
day. This was indicated by the action of
respectable men in Hackensack during the past
week. The members of a fashionable club had
voted to ignore the Sabbath, and the town _was
erying, ‘The ministers are defeated,’ 9 be-
couse their protest was cast aside by the Golf
Club, This was uot a defeat of the ministers,
butan insult to Christ and His Church, He
did not believe that the protest would have
been heeded had Gabriel headed it

One result of the public agitation was the

icsing of the Golf Club bar to-day. Nothing
gut eoleorinks was sold, and no women were on

THE SUN, MONDAY, MAY 14,

ai a!
,

(

ATTACK ON THE ICE TRUST.

“Cold Storage’ Declares That There ls Neo
Real Scarcity of Ico,

The following statements relating to the ice
situation are from Cold Storage, a trade journal,
which announced three months ago that the
American Ice Company was going to advance
the price of fee, Cold Storage called upon capi-
talists then to begin the building of ice plants
in this city, and now says that {f its warning
had been acted upon, a score of plants, with an
aggregate capacity of 5,000 tonsa day, would
now be nearing completion,

New York city, according to Oold Storage,
consumes 6,200,000 tons of ice a year, of which
4,600,000 tonsa is natural ice, These figures, it
says, are higher than those given out by the
oe Trust, but more nearly correct. The trust,
it saya, has holdings in Maine which yield an
output of 2,667,000 tons a year. From the [lud-
son the trust gota about 4,000,000 tons of ice a
year, and so can supply a demand equal to that
in New York last year and have several hun-
dred thousand tons left over. Wherein doce
the shortage come? asks Cold Storage. In all,
it says, the trust has about 5,567,000 tons in its
houses.

“But,” it saya, “this does not represent the
total amount of ice in the trust houses. Here
are a few purchases which Cold Storage knows
of, and the amount can be doubled by pur-
chases which have been kept dark. Wright and
Woods of Watervilet have sold 356,000 tons to

the trust for $1.50 a ton; 25,000 tons are coming
from Cohoes at 60 cents a ton, 80,000 tons from
Jesse Billings of Saratoga, at $1.50 a ton; 75,000
tons from Kenka Lake and 100,000 tona from
Pocono and elsewhere. Here are easily 1,000,-

000 tons.

“It will be observed that all of the ice bought
by the trust is at $1.50 and less, What license
has, the trust to sell this for from $5 to $12 a

‘on?
“another thing might be mentioned, In
ears past Baltimor *hiladelphie and Wash-

Raton took a lot of Maine and Audsonice. Now
these cities are supplied by the artificial prod-
uct. These cities are in advanoe of New York
onthe {ce qusstion. The trust, after sapend-
ing millions in buying natural ice pap,
found one — thin that could not

 

bought—weather. Now it is investing in
artificial plants. It has nearly all those in
to

New York {n its clutches and js plannin
build more. The average price of ice made in
these city plants is less than $1.10 a ton, and
one plant makes ice for 98 cents, With all this
cheap ice, why is the price higher? Because
last year was an expensive one for the trust, as
a lot of money waa wasted and some one got it.
To prevent squealing, the trust will get this
back by taking it out of the poor people. These
artificials adjuncts of the trust can furnish
1,120,000 tons, so that the grand total of supply
4s 7,120,000 tons

“There is no reason why the price of tce should
be advanced fn thia city from 25 to 60 cants per
100, and here is additional proof i Mount
Vernon the trust is selling ice at last year's
price, 25 cents per 100. The trust's local mana-
ger declares that this price will prevail through-
out the summer.”

Cold Storage says further that the Ioe Trust
made money in this clty last year at the rate of
80 cents per 100. With the price doubled the
profits ought to be $15,000,000 this year Havin
me with opposition in getting control of arti-

cial plants, {t says, the trust has formed a
compauy known as the Merchants’ Union Ica
Company _of New Jersey, to acquire obstinate
rivals The trust basheldsecretly for a year
200 feet of water front at Kent avenue, Brook-
lyn, apd now owns 308 feet

Cold Storage ends its article by telling of refus-
als to sell out to the trust, made by various
artificial jo@ manufacturers, who are selling
their prodyct at 85 cone @ 100 and making
money, and also says thatin Brooklyn and Man-
hattan large oonsumers are getting together
and planning to establish ice plants.

|
|
|
'
|

 

NABBED ON A SUPFOLK SIDEPATH.

Chester Ketcham Says He'll Fight for the
Right to Ride Without a License,

BasBrion, L. I, May 18.—-Chester Ketcham
Brooklyn arrested this after-
noon by Special Officer John Neville
and taken before Justice Jamea B.
Cooper for riding on the cycle path with-
out a license. Ketcham is well known in
the Brookiyn cycle clubs and is a fast road
rider, fle was riding along the path betwee
abylon and Lindenhurst when Ke was hail

y Officer Neville, and it is said that he did not
stop, but rode faster Neville finally overtook
him. | Ketcham_ pleaded not guilty and will
flight the case. He is a member of the League
of American Wheelmen and expects support
from it. He says be bought a tag last year, but
did not know where to get another, and there-
fore had no license this season. 6 pr -
tion will try hard to secure a gonviction, as it
wishes to make an example of Ketcham.

of was

COAST SEALING SEASON'S CATCH,

 

Dees Not Average as High as Last Year, but
Satisfies the Boat Owners.

Vicroaia, B.C, May 18.--A successful coast

sealing season {8 just closed and Victoria
schooners are daily returning to port.
Thirty-four schooners went out this vear and
the catch at present reported is 16,805, an
average of about 480 Bad weather is asaigned
as the chief reason for this drop from last year,
when nineteen vessels Look 10,472 pelts, anaver-
age of 550 Owners, however, are fatrly satisfled
with this year’s catch The schooner Mary
Taylor is reported by the recent arrivals to be
the top liner, with a catch of 880

Despite the bad weather, acoldents and fatal-
ities have been very light. Theschooner Sadia
Turpel, spoken a few davs ago, reported that
on April 19 the mate’s boat, with the mate and
two men, was lost and the craw probably
drowned, Onthesame day a canoe and two
Indians were lost. Thisia the only loss of Ife
reported from the fleet

i

 

WHY NOT YOU?

 

A thirsty man might as well refuse to take
water, aa a sick man to refuse any medicine
because it is not prescribed by his regular
physician.—MUNYON,

There are many who will not believe that
MUNYON’S COLD CURE will break up
any form of cold within a few hours and
prevent pneumonia, Yet it has cured thou-
sands. Why not you? Tryit. You will be
convinced.

There are many who have no faith inthe
statement that MUNYON'’S DYSPEPSIA
CURE will speedily relieve any form of in-
digestion or stomach trouble, Yet thou-
sands will tell you that {t has cured them,
Why not you? Try it. You will be oon-
vinced.

There are many who are incredulous as to
the claims made for MUNYON'S RHEU-
MATISM CURE, which relieves any form
of Rheumatism inafew hours, and gener-
ally effecta acure before one vial {s used.
Yet this famous remedy has been hailed as
a blessing by thousands upon thousands all
over this land. It has cured them. Why
not you? Try it. You will be convinced.

There are many who are skeptical as to
the merits of MUNYON'S KIDNEY CURE.
Yet Prof. Munyon lias on file 90,000 testi-
monials from those it has cnred. Why not
you? Try it. You will be oonvinoed.

Thousands are ready and eager to tell the
world just what Munyon haa done for them.
Just what he can do for you.

 

Munyon’s Remedies are not the work of one man,
but the results of the combined efforts of eminent
specialists and ectentists of the leading Colleges of
the World. tach Remedy 18 @ positive Cure for one

rticular disease—they are not ‘cure alls” Any
rue store sells them; mostly at25 cents. Munyon’s
Inhaler {a now the universal treatment for Catarrh,
Bronchitis and most diseases of the head nose,
throatandlungs The hard rubber Mhaler ts un-
breakable and. unspiliable. and can be carried in the
vest pocket. Price $1 (including 60 cents’ worth of
medicines).

Munyon’s Doctors Are Free,

A timely consultation with his skilled Specialists,
upon all diseases, may avert a threatened iliness,
There is no charge for advice. Munyon's Eleotrical
Department cures stubborn pains, stiff joints, {m-
pending paralysis, ete.

907 BROADWAY (Cor, 20th St).

 

i 8 LLL

1900.

METHODIST CONFERENCE,

LAYMEN AGAINST “POLITICAL WIRE-
PULLING" AND FAVORITISM.

 

At Thetr Meeting in Ohicago They Declare
That OMce Henting Is Delaying the
Work of the Meeting—Some of the Places
Sought-Talk of a ‘'Christian Datiy.”’

Caicago, May 13.—Lay delegates to the
Methodist General Conference have entered a
Protest against “political wirepulling’’ for
church offices and for less partiality by pre-
siding Bishops to ‘‘afavored few of the big
guns."’ Sentiments in accordance with these
ideas were applauded vigorously by hundreds
of the lay delegates in the mass meeting held
yesterday in the Wabash Avenue Church,
Reference was made to the fact thatin the two
weeks that the Conference has been in session
litele actual work has been acoomplished, and it
was predicted that history would repeat itself,
and in the last fow days of the session impor-
tant matters would go to a ‘‘sifting” committee,
there to be buried for another four years.

The things whtoh have really been acoom-
plished by the Conference are:

The granting of equal representation to the
laity and the rejection of women as delegates,

The adoption of a part of the constitution.

The recommendation that no Bishops be re-
tired.

The appointment of a commission on consol-
idation.

Chairman John Field opened the meeting with
an exhortation to the brethren along spiritual
linea for the strengthening of the Church, and
itseemed for a few minutes as if the meeting
would resolve itself Into a strictly devotional
service. Chief Justice Lore turned the tide in
another direction, however, and tho session was
thereafter devoted to a discussion of the busi-
ness before the Conference

“The lay delegates,'’said Mr. Lore, “have a
mighty mission to perform. I hold that there
should be no maohine politicians inthe Con-
ferences andI believe that there are few fool
reformers, but we should see to it that the dele-
gates lay hands on politicians and remove them
out from the Church. There js no room for
political ofceseskers and we should let there
be none. The office should seek the man and
not the man the office, and the sooner we shall
make it eo the sooner will we seoure better
men for the high positions.”

Another delegate submitted that it was proper
for the lay delegates to assemble to discuss the
matters of business and to find some way by
which the laymen could get a hearing on the
floor of the Conference.

“T have not spoken in the Conference,” he
sald, “though I have tried to do so several
times, but when the chairman will recognize
only a select few, when he will say ‘I hear a
voloe there,’ and that voice {s invariably that of
a Dr. Neely ora Dr. Buckley, what opportunity

is there for an obscure delegate to get a
bearing?

“and these men spend so much time in de-
bating minute points and in raising potnta of
order and questions of privilege that it is neoaa-
sary always to move the previous question—
whioh takes time--to secure any action at alk
Ithink the laymen ought to organize a society
of ‘The Previous Question’ for theirown pro-
tection. There are matters of great importance
to the Church which this Conference ought to
act upon. Such matters as the removal of
the time limit, the reorganization of the
book concerns, the decreasing of the number
of Conference delegates and like questions ara
what weoughtto get at. But, mark me, the
Conferenoetwill bicker with the smaller matters
until we get within a few days of adjournment
and then these issues which are now fn the
hands of sub-committees will be thrown intoa
sifting committee and action necessarily
deferred for four years more.”

These statements and others of Hke nature
were received with generous applause. A
proposition toform a permanent lay associa-
tion was defeated and it was decided to be a
better plan to hold informa! meetings at each
quadrennial conference

The officers to be elected Tuesday include,
besides several Bishopa and the Secretartes,
four agents of the Book Concern and the editors
of the following church papers: Methodist Re-
view, Christian Advocate, Northern Christian
Advocate, Pittaburg Christian Advocate, Califor-
nia Christian Advocate, Southwestern Christian
Advocate, Weatern Chriatian Advocata, North-
western Christian Advocate, Central
Advocate, Emvorth Herald, Chriation Apologist,
Pacifie Christian Advocate ‘and Aaus und Herd.

It is very probable, however, that some of
these papers will be deprived of thefr official
charsoter by the General Conference, and thei
editors’ places done away with Action towar
this end fs pending inthe Committee on Rook
Concern ha question of removing entirely
from the juriediction and responsibility of the
Church the two Adrocates on the Pacitic coast
was dé@bated yeaterday for two hours These
are the California Advocate at San Francisco
and the Pacific Advocate at Portland. The
question of traneferring the California depost-

ory from the Fastern agents at New York to

‘hicago was also discussed. Agents Faton and
Mains of New York pleaded for no change, and
Agents Curts and Jennings made statemants on
the general proposition of losses {n periodicals.
No action was taken, the matter being referred
to a sub-committees

All the church secretaries, so far asia known
are candidates for reélection, although some of
them have hopes of becoming Bishops For

he places of agente of the hook concern in New

fork Dr Homer Faton and Dr G H. Matns
have practically no opposition. The situation
is different for the Western agents and neither
H. C. Jennings nor Lewis Curts is sure of re-
election. For the place of one of the latter
there ia much competition and there are sey-
eral lay candidates, including W. W. Cooper of
Kenosha and James M_ kKittlemanof Chicago

For Bishops the candidates who stand the
best chance are probably Dr. J. W. Hamilton
and Dr. David H. Moore. Dr. Robert Forbea
of Duluth haa developed a strong. following in
the last few days. Other candidates are Dr.
Henry Spelmever, Newark, No J.; Dr. A. J.
Palmer, New York; Dr. W. V. Kelly, New York;
Dr, T. B. Neely, Philadelphia; Dr Joneph Berry,
Chicago: Dr, Charles J. Sittle, Chicago; Dr. P.
H. Swift, Chicago; Dr. William McDowell, Den-
ver, Br. John F. Gouoher, Baltimore; Dr. J. B.
C. Sawyer, Troy, N.Y: Dr. John W. FE. Bowen,
Atlanta, Ga

The proposition for a dally
paper, after. the model of Sheldon’s attempt,
showed itself for the first time at the Confer-

Chrietian

Christian newe-

ence yesterday, although ithad been expected
by some of the dalegates to appear long before
this. It came in the form of a memorial, signed
by Methodists In the Ashland district in Wis-
consin, proposing that a Datly Christian

dvocate be established in some central

ty in the United States to provide
for “Christian ministera of the Gospel,
Christian laymen and the Christian family all

the secular and religious news ordinarily
ed to make a rounded Christian character.”’
t suggested further that such a paper should
vy the ald of prates and semi-weekly, tri-
weekly and weekly editions, by local deposito-
riea, job offices and local managers supply eve-
rybody in the country with papers which fn
quality and price would defy competition.
A vigorous Ipvestigation of the charges of al-
leged heresy directed against Prof, Mitchell of
the Bogton Theological School, was undertaken
esterday by the p orp tise of Eight, headed
by Pros lent Bradford 7. Raymond, The mat-
ter will be taken up this week

PAMINE-STRICKEN INDIA.

 

 

 

Appeal to Citizens by the Ecumenical Confer-
ence’s Committee,

The Committee of One Hundred which was
appointed by the Ecuménical Conferenoe two
weeks ago to collect subscriptions for the rellef
of the famine sufforers !n India, has addressed
an appeal to “The Citizens of Greater New York
and Vicinity” for aid. The appeal, which ts
signed by William E. Dodge, chairman of the
committee, L. T. Chamberiain and Jobn Crosby
Brown, is as follows:

India appeals to na in the name of a common
huroanity. Famine bas become more or lesa
acute among sitty millions of people. At least
ten millions are face to face with death by atar-
vation. The India Government is now giving,
day by day and week by week, systematic aid
to nearly six millions. Such vast governmental
relief of human destitution ta without parallel
in history. Still, the deaths from sheer hunger
are reckoned by thousands each day, the death
rate being by far the greatest in the native
provinces where the Government has least
control P '

Amertean citizens resident in India unite with
Lord and Lady. Curzon in testifying that not
yet has the awful calamity reached its helaht,
Even while we think and planin their behalf
men, whmen and children are starving In the
presence of such suffering all considerations
save those of pity may well be forgotten To
the erid of giving prompt and generous assist-
ance all efforts may well be directed. On the
ground there are agencies of distribution, trust-
worthy, efficient, unpaid, America ought to
send at least amillion dollars

In this emergency the Committees of One
Hundred gladly places itself at the service of
their fallow citizens. Immediate gifts of money
are solicited to save those who otherwise must
die. By the cable, relief may pass almost tn-
stantaneouely from this land of plenty to that

dof famine
a ccttnotions ara to be sent to Messrs. Brown
Bros. & Co., 59 Wall street, New York, and all
expressed wiahes of donors will be fully carriec
out. Messrs Brown Bros. & Co, have also con-
sented to act, with the committee, for those in
any tof the country who may wish to for-
ward gifts through

  

  
 

CARD INDEXES,

SOME READ OF THE FIGHT,

METHODIST PREACHERS IN CHICAGO
ON THE JEFFRIES-CORBETT MILL.

A Fow Admit That They Had Quite Fall Is-
formation Regarding It—Others Saw Only
the Newspaper Headlines—One or Two Dis-
cussed the Affair—Many Said It Was Brutal.

CHICAQO, May 18.—The result of the Jeffries-
Corbett fight found its way into the general ses-
sion of the Methodist Conference yesterday.
Jeffries, being the son of e California minister,
had a strong backing in the California delega-
tion. Inthe Rock River delegation Presiding
Elder H. G. Jackson and the Rev. Delos H.
Thompson were heard discussing the reasons
why Corbett did not win.

Every delegate, when asked, seemed to know
the result of the fight, but many of them ex-
plained that the headlines in the morning
papers had caught their eyes. Others openly
said that they had read the accounts and ex-
pressed their interest in the event aaa great
contest,

Elder Jackson and Dr. C. E. Mandeville had a
discussion of the merits of the two fighters.

“Corbett used to be a nice, clean fellow,” said
Dr. Mandeville, ‘but since he went into the
ring he has degenerated. He wag an athlete

 

before and it is the prizefight that lowered

him in my estimation.” ‘i
“According to the acoount I read,” said Elder

Jackson, ‘Corbett is still a good fighter. [

seenis that he was standing up well and showe:
ood physical training and endurance, but
Gertries was too strong for him,”’ 5

“Yea, [know who won the fight,"’ said Dr.

_H. Swift when asked about it. hat {s all

know aboutit. Ibelleveit would be a great
help to public morals if the papers would keep
the news of that character out of their columns
altogether, or at least give it less space than
they do now.”

“Tread the entire account the first thing this
morning,” said the Rey. John Thompson of the
Gross Park Church, “and. must confess it
stirred some of the English blood in my veins,

“Did the ministers read the newspaper ac-
counts?” said the Rev. FH. Sheets of Cirace
Church. “Of course, they did. They knew who
won.”’

“I did not read anything about the prizefight
and would not have read It if ] had noticed any-
thine about it in the papers,” sald Dr. Frank
W. Warne, prospective Bishop of Indta

“Prigafighting {8 lower than anything ani-
mals will engage in and publishing Accounts of

rizefighting is demoralizing,” said Dr, W. A.

Roencer of the Rock River Conference. I know

prizefight and have read

nothing about it. Prizefighting {s exceedingly

brutal and the newspapers are guilty of a great
crime in publishing reports of such fights.

“Lknow nothing at all about a prizefight and
care nothing about it,” said Dr. James M. Kin
of New York. ‘Iam here to attend to the busl-
neas of the General Conference

GROWTH OF THE BRONX BOROUGH.

Ite Development Even Faster Since Consolt-
dation Than Before.

Prior to Jan. 1, 1898, conditional home rule
existed in what is now the borough of TheBronz,
With consolidation the special laws and privi-
leges adopted by the Legislature in aid of its
material development were either abrogated
or saspended by the new charter, and {ts dis-
tinctive government was done away with.
Practically all Albany legislation in favor of
The Bronx district has ceased, and under the
complicated system of borough boards local
legislation {n its favor has ceased, tov. Yet
notwithstanding these obvioua political dia-
advantages the growth of The Bronx borough
during the past two years haa been goifg for-
ward at a very lively rate so as to coniound
the prophecies of those who were apprehensive
of the results of the change. From 125,000 popula-
tion in 1895 thero has been an increase to 225.000,
from $76,000,000 of assessed real estate valua-
tions in 1805 the increase has been to $125,000,000.
During the year 1800 the Duiiding operatio
inThe Bronx amounted to $21,000,000, & récor
jn excess of any provious year. Another evi-
dence of the enhancement of values is noticeable
in conveyances to the value $16,000,000 and the
mortgages of $82,000,0%, the difference repre-

nothing about any

 

 

senting improvements and appreciation in
values. New public buildings, churches,
houses andschools (one costing $235,000 is tn

course of erection) are some of the changes,and
work is soon to be begun on a $400,000 court
house at Third avenue and 1618t street.

As THE St'n announced recently, the experi-
mental new buildings of the Hirsch futid, which
are to be erected at a cost of $800,000, will be
in The Bronx. They are to be iniproved tane-
rnenta of which a central arcade will be an in-
teresting feature, It will extend up to the corners
of the houses and bé covered with a glass roof.
The ground floor will contain a kindergarten,
nurseries, recreation rooms and a club room.

The Bronx has had for a number of years a
lar, ark area. It eight police precincts,
anc the development of the electrio system
of surface-car traction was perfected in The
Bronx region some yeare before its general
introduction {n Manhattan. The extension of
the Manhattan railroad line at.a cost of 81,000,-
000. from, 177th ompe’ to the Fordham station
will still further add to the means of communi-
cation enjoyed by Bronx residents which have
already been promotes by the 165th etreet via-
duot,the new Third avenue foot bridge and the
four-track Central railroad bridge, Undoubt-
edly, some of the development of The Bronx
district has been due to favorable logislation,
but since it has n suspended the ingreaso
has gone on in even greater ratio and with leas
interruption, a8 shown by the figures quoted,

 

NEGRO WANTED “DRAWIN’ POWAH."

 

His Saggestion to the Police ef How to Catoh
a Thief Not Wel! Recetved.

A big negro swaggered into the Thirty-
seventh street police station a few nights ago
and announced that he had been robbed.

“Well, if you know who robbed you,” advised
the sergeant at the desk, “get a warrant for
him, and we'll do the rest. :

That's jest it, sahgent, I don’t exactly com-
prenens ivr who de man arp At present, but I
could find out if l only had de drawin’ pewah."’

“The Graying power! queries the sergeant
looking up from the plotter

"Ven eub, da Aer powah, You see it am
like dia. Fo' nights ago some man entered my
room while I was asleep, an’ extracted ten dol-
Jahs from my clo’es, Night ‘fo’ lasthe came
again an’ took ten more, an’ last night he only
got five ‘cause dat waa alll hadeleft, Now, it I
only had some money to place {n_iny clo’es to-
night to use as dtawin’ powah, I reckon that
black niweah ‘dcome again, an' I could stay
awakean’ Intercept him.”

“Oh, Lae," said the sergeant, feeling tn his
vest pocket. “Just how much do you think you
need? One dollar? Five? Ten?”

The negro hesitated amoment as if weighing
the matter carefully. :

“Well,” he said finally, “ob course I don’t
want to seem imposin’, but nachuly de stronger
de drawin’ powah am, why de——'

Atthis point an explosion of language from

behind the desk brought negotiations to a
standstill, and the p '
escape in safety without his

eeTo Was alad to make his
‘drawin’ powab.”’

Fhe Globes Wernicke Co.

FULTON AND PEARL STS.

ALSO “ELASTIO” CABINETS,

AT SSNS

   

 

  
 
 

  

big bookcase and
few books, or
many books and
small case.

 
    
   

DESKS, ETO,

    
   
 

 

Hunter
_ Baltimore

Rye

Is

the purest type of the purest whiskey. é
It is

| the American Gentleman‘s whiskey, ¢
| It ts

the best tonical stimulant for women. ¢

|
|

It is
preferred by physicians,

It Is
the favorite wherever sold,

 

It can stand the closest critical
test of analysis, and is sold with-
out fear and without reproach,

|| A. B. HART & FRANK MORA, Reprosentativea,
| 3.3. William St., New York, N, Y.

 

PENCERIAN

  

TEEL PENS

Are the Best

They cost a trifle more than
the common makes, but they

last longer and write better.
Samples for trial seat on receipt of retura postage.

SPENCERIAN PEN CO, 4

849 Broadway, New York City.

   

WIDOW CONEN DIDN'T MARRY,
Annoancement That Sho’s Mrs. Spotem Made
to Cause Her Trouble, Sho Says,

Somebody ts trying to make trouble for Mra,
Emma N. Cohen, who |ives with her four daugh-
ters at 562 Raat 199th street, and she would like
to know who the somebody is. Mrs, Cohen isthe
widow of J. M. Cohen,a wholesale druggist of
Charleston, 8. C., who{died threo years ago,
leaving to her theincome from his property ta
ChArleston for her life, unless she should marry

ain, in which case she was to lose the income, /
The widow came to this city to_ live two reare
ago, because her stater, Mrs. Philip Saach, ree
sides here at 831 Forest avenue,

‘There appeared in one of the newspai
yesterday a marriage notice whioh stated has
on Feb, 11, in New York city, the widow of J,
Cohen of Charleston, S.C., was married to;
Isidor Epstein, a clerk of 400 East Kighty-,
ninthstreet. Mrs. Cohen tolda Stn reporter

esterday that she believed that the notice was
naerted by some people down th who
wanted to make trouble for her. She did nos
know any man named Iekdor Epetein, she said,
and she had no intention of getting married.

Another marriage notice appeared in the
newspapers here three weeks ago announ
that Mrs. Cohen's eldest daughter, Emma,
been married. The daughter, Mre frohea sal

esterday, iaengaged to Joseph 4) enuebe, @
‘aw student of Sumter, 8. C., and she believes.
that the notice was inserted by some person
who hoped to break off the engagement.

“T have tried to find out who {sat the bottom
of this business, said Mrs. Cohen, “but I canno'
yet. Ihope to dososoon and i do, I sh
never stop until I see the culprits sent te
prison.”

SUNDAY TRAINS AT ASBURY PARK,

 

Hotel Keepers Want Fhem to Step and Church
People Oppose It.

Assurr Parn, N. J. May 13—In all the
churches of Asbury Park and Ocean Grove to=
day papers were circulated for signatures pro=
testing against the plan to have raflroad trains
stop at the two Asbury Park stations on Sune
day. At present Sunday trains let off Asbury
fn and Ocean Grove passengers at Inter-
aken. Hotel men are bringing strong pressure
to bear on the railroad companies to have thetr
trhins stop here on Sunday rere isa curren’
report that the ground on which the Asbury
Park and North Asbury Park stations stand
was deeded to the New York and Long Branch
Railroad by Founder Bradlev with the ree
atriction that no Sunday trains were to stop
there.

PATAL

Two Men Asleep in a Carriage Late at Night
Killed by an Express.

Reaping, Pa., May 13. John ©, Hafer, aged
28, and James H. Campbell, aged 25, employed
ona farm below this city, left in a carriage on
Saturday evening to attend to some business
down the country, They returned home 3
o'clock on Sunday morning and fell asleep in
the carriage. The horse knew the way. In
croasing the Reading Railroad at Neversin
station the up expres struck the carriage an
killed the twojmen and the horse, a"

GRADE CROSSING ACCIDENT,

 

 

Miss Peck to Wed S. Wolcott Linsley.

QGregnwicu, Conn, May 18.—The engage-
ment {a announced of Miss Ida Juliette Peck
of 250 Weat Twenty-seoond street, New York 4
to 8S. Wolestt Lingley of the New York Theo-
logical Seminary. Miss Peck is the daughter of
the late Prof. William G. Peck of omen bee
College, and Mr. Linsley}is to {be an Episcop
clergyman

 

The Safest and

Household

The RICHNESS of APENTA

Most Reliable
Aperient.

WATER in natural saline aperients

genders it the most valuable and safest laxative and purgative.

§

   
 
   
  
  
  
  
     

|

ee

ee