o oe +t

 

a

7}
(

 

  
 

ae = SC

     
  
  
  
  
   
  
   

TE. «aa ntin are

oe

 

<=

PLAGUE OF WOMEN IN WAR,

PLEASURE SEEKERS AND AMATEUR
NURSES WHO DO MUCH HARM,

 

@argeon Treves’s Denunciation of the Rash of
the ‘Smart Set" to Cape Town and the
*“gecial Infuence’' and ‘Petticoat Patron-
age’ in tho British Army—Anecdotes of
Pael Kreeger-Woer Correspondence by
Soriptaral Texte— Grief at Cronje's Captare.

Lonpon, May 5.~With the exception of the
notorious Spion Kop despatches Mr Treves's

“plague of women” bas been perhaps the most

@lecussed topic of the week. Not so famous as

Bir William MacCormaoc, whose name as a mili-

tary surgeon is known to every one, Mr. Treves

fs nevertheless the foremost surgeon in this
country, and when, at a dinner given to him
and Bir William at the Reform Club last Satur-

* day night, be bluntly declared that ‘so far as

the sick are concerned there are two plagues in

Bouth Africa—the plague of flies and the plague

of women,” some protest was to be expected,

and {t wassoon heard in very shrill tones. In-
dignant women wrote to the papers and re-
minded the world of Florence Nightingale, and
the noble work done by the women nurses all
over the world as well as !n South Africa.
Against these women Mr. Treves, of course, had
nothing to say; for them he had nothing but
praise. He made his meaning perfectly plain
when hesaid: “Considering the kind of war in
which we are engaged, and the number of lives
lost, the picture of @ number of elaborately
dreased ladies masquerading {n summer toilets

and arranging picnics about Cape Town {3 a
blot on the campaign.” Of course, he referred

to fashionable sensation hunters who have
gone to South Africa in shiploads,

When these women got to Cape Town they
looked about for amusment and they found it
andshared it with numerous young officers who
got leave from daty while the troops were still
being organized. But when the misogynist
Kitchener got out, we have been told how he
went round toall the hotels, examined their
registers and packed of every officer he found
to duty again.

Then the women had to look elsewhere for
amusement. Mr. Treves may be allowed to de-
ecribe where they found it and how they took it.
The following i+ his scathing reply to the at-
tacks made on his speech at the Reform Club
dinner:

“The extraordinary outburst of resentment
which my remarks about women idlers at Cape
Town has aroused is due to two things--the
misreporting of what TF actually did say and an
{nordinately stupid public

“How any reasoning person can possibly have
construed my remarks into asweeping condem-
nation of all women workers at the front I can-
not, for the life of me, understand, for, of
course, nothing half so foolish or unjust was
conveyed in what I said at the Reform Club
dinner. Probably no one living has a deeper
sense than Ihave of the splendid work which
many large-hearted, unselfish women, profes-
sional and amateur alike, are doing in South
Africa to-day.

“You may remember that I was the only con-
sulting surgeon that took outa staff of nurses.
Idid so because know that women are in-
dispensable to that important branch of hospital
work. For the other women—the amateurs, if
you care to call them so--who have given up
home, movey and comfort to help in the work
of alleviating suffering, | have only the deepest
admiration. That any one In all the world
should have attached any other meaning to my
remarks, I am, as I said before, simply
astonished,

“But’—and here Mr. Trevea brought his
clenched right hand into the palm of hia left—
“but when Ll explain the condition of affairs in
Cape Town, where the other sort of woman is
gathered, you will be able to judge for yourself
whether I was justified in entering a strong
protest against what I described as the ‘plague
of women.’

“Cape Town was, at the time of which Ispoke,
packed with women idlers, the majority of them
“sacjety’ ot ‘smart’ people, who, yearning for
new excitements, had come out to South Africa
to make a holiday. I sav, and I say it very
earnestly, that the condition of affairs, as
brought about by the presence of these ladies,
‘was an absolute disgrace to our country.

“The hotels of Cape Town (1 will say nothing
eof Durban) were crammed with these people in
the enjoyment of what to them was a picnic on
@ jarge scale. The Mount Nelson Hotel was
packed with them,ad if a sick or wounded
officer came down from the front in search of
accommodation he had not the slightest chance
of getting into a decent hotel. These ladies
had not the faintest pretext for being in South
Africa beyond their own desire to make the
campaign a means of obtaining new pleasures
and excitements

“That, however, was not the worst side of
their presence When dinner parties and
other junketing grew wearisome, they would |
make up parties to visit the hospitals ‘What
shall we do to-day?’ ‘Oh, let’s go and see the
wounded,’ would be the preparation to an
invasion of (he base hospitals and an incaleul-
able amount of interference with the work of
the medical staff Officers in charge of
wounded would, inthe course of their duties,
be interrupted by ladies bearing permits signed
by personages whose request the officers dared
not or did not care to refuse

“You know, perhaps, what influence means in
the matter of promotion, and so the women
would be taken round the wards andthe wound-
ed shown to the utter disorganization of disci- |
pline and duty. There were cases in which the |
wounded men, aroused half a dozen times in
succession by meddlesome intruders, |

these

turned from them at last saying: ‘Good heav-
ens, shall l ever get any peace?’ |
“In another instance, a certain medical officer
complained that it was already late In the day,
and he had not seen one of his patients profes-

sionally owing to the horde of busybody women
who had made his hospital the show-place for
the day.

“These ara the women to whom Sir Alfred
Milner referred, andof whom Ihave spoken as
a plague— women who are making the scene of
war and suffering a place in which to satisfy
morbid curiosity and find new enjoymeats,

“For the woman who is giving everything in
the cause of tenderness and compassion I have
@ profound admiration; for the other sort I
have only disgust.”

With regard to the remarks about “social In-
fluence” and “promotion” Mr. Treves has been
very generally supported. The Westminster
Gazetie, for example, says:

“No milltary officer employed at the base
would have had the courage to speak out in this
fashion, for the very simple reason that such
anact would have most certainly effectually
blighted his military career. In this there is no
exaggeration. This ‘social influence,’ this ‘pet-
ticoat patronage,’ is the canker which for
years, and more especially for the last few
years, has been sapping the vitality of the
British Army. Itis a notorious fact that the
surest method of obtaining agood appointment
{a for an officer to get his name noted on the list
kept by a certain lady of title; the good word
of the dame will more effectuaily secure the
advancement of her nominees than any amount
of meritorious service or hard work without
euch a backing. If Mr. Treves has donef any-
thing to expose this scandal ha well deserves
the gratitude of ai] Englishmen.”

Here are some extracts froma letter written
by a bona Ode army nurse at the front

“The ‘lady amateur’ crops up everywhere
when military excitement is golngon. Lord
Kitchener himself took most stringent measures
to keep her out of the Soudan, but she has suc-
ceeded beyond all precedent in this South
African campaign. The ‘society ladies’ who
shipped as nurses--many of them thus escaped
Paying their own passages ~—all wear silk gowns
and the flimsiest caps and aprons, and leok like
the ‘purses’ of fancy fairs

“If amateurs came as ‘additional’ nurses they
could play around brow-amoothing and not do
much harm; but in many jnatances the War Of-
fice authorizes only a certain number of
nurses.in hospitals and on transports. When
society women, with no technical training, take

these posts they fil) pests which ought to be
Gilled by certificated nurses. Rea) murses, as @

Consequence, are too few in number and terri-
bly overworked by doing their own and the am-
ateurs’ duties.

"No end of trouble haa been caused by these
masquerade nurses to doctors, nurses, and poor,
sick, wounded Tommies. They get in every-
body's way and have no intention of working
Their idea is to take posts of authority and
‘boas' the trained nurses, who have borne the
heat and burden of many years in hospital

“We don't grudge them going round the
wards In fancy dress, distributing flowers, and
petting Tommy Atkins. They can do this pict-
uresquely enough. But interference with the
nursing of the sick soldier is too serious a mat~
ter. Many of these amateurs were actually
sent tothe front. Somebody’ in authority had
the courage to send several of them back to the
headquarters reaspensible for the!) appointment
Soolal influence has no right to count when it
comes to war nursing. It would astonish Eng-
lish people did they know how many of these
‘nurses,’ without one day's hospital training jo
their lives, are trying their ‘prentioe hands on
Tommy sick. And if ever patients called for
good nursing it is these poor fellows from the
front with terribly shattered wounds, enteric,
and dysentery.

“Meanwhile hundreds of South African highly
trained nurses are out of employment owing to
the war. Nurses from Kimberley and Johan-
nesburg and Cape Town sit with idle hands,
many almost destitute, while the amateur
purses take salaried positions. Some of them
give their services; others have Government
posts and receive Government pay. Very often
they spend it in cologne and cushions for the
patients; but that doas not make it easier for
the trained certificated colonial nurse, who has
‘got no work to do.’

“There are many ways in which the lelsured
society woman may help the sick soldier, but
the sooner she realizes that her province does
not He in the wards of a military hospital the
better.”

The Daily Newe'e Australian correspondent
sends some characteristic Kriger anecdotes,
which he heard while a prisoner in the hands of
the Boers:

“Atone time he was very fond of riding on
horseback, as nearly all Boers are. Qnoce when
out for aride he met an old woman hobbling
along with abundle. She looked at the strap-
ping young fellow rather wistfully, as if she
envied him his comfortable seat on the saddle.
He passed her, then looking over his shoulder
noticed that the old dame hung her head
wearily asshe plodded along behindhim. He
reined up his horse, jumped down, and without
ceremony lifted the old woman, bundle and all,
into his saddle. Then, taking the horse by
the bridle, led the animal carefully onward
toward his own farm. Just before arriving
there the old woman said: ‘May God be good
to you for your kindness to one so old and help-
less. There are not many who would do as you
have done. If I had been young and comely, as
I once was, I could then understand it.’ ‘If you
had been voung and comely I should not have
dared to do it,’ said he, with just a suspicion of
laughter in his hard-set eyes. ‘Not dared,’ she
said, ‘and why: should I, then, have eaten you?’
‘You might not,’ said he, with a low chuckle,
‘but,’ pointing to his wife, who was standing
smiling on the stoop, ‘I think she would have.’

“On another occasion he was out ona love
expedition, but found that another young man
had arrived there before him. The other suitor
was abit of a coxcomb, as coxrcombs go on the
veldt. He hada showy horse anda gorgeous
saddle and a new suit of clothes fresh from the
hawker's yan, and when Paul Kroger arrived
on bis rough but useful horse with saddle to
match and clothing home-made to suit
the outfit, the other chap passed some re-
marks which caused the lust of battle to
surge up good and strongin the future Pres-
ident’s blood, but the maiden, who had the
shrewd sense to know the difference between
amuleanda man, made him promise not to
lay a hand on the other fellow, because he was
not worth the bother that would be certain
to follow such a blow as young Paul Kruger
was suretogive. The dude somehow got aa
idea that Kruger had promised the damsel he
would not strike him, and, as even in those days,
Paul was noted for his love of the truth, he
thought he might very safely venture to be
rude, so, cUmbing Into his saddle he fired off
an unbearable lot of insolence right in the
young man’s teeth, Paul stood it unt!! human
nature could stand ne more. Drawing back
until he got the full force of his giant strength
well behind the blow, he lashed out and caught
the horse jbehind the ear. The brute stag-
geredfrom the shock, as if a second-class earth-
quake had risen up and smitten it, then fell flat
on its flank, breaking the rider's leg in the fall
‘Oh, Paul, Paul!’ cried the girl; ‘you promised
me you would not hithim, no matter wnat he
said’ ‘Thatis so, dear,’ said the young velds-
man, witha twinklein his eyes, andI kept my
word to the lett.r, for I didn't say I wouldn't
hit his horse.’

“When he was in London an English friend
offered to show him the sights of the modern
Babylon, Oorm Paul feil in with the idea, and
the Briton gathered him in to see a ballet show,
thinking to get some fun out of his shocked
feelings, but Oom sat and watched the whole
show with evident interest,

“What do you think of the girls, niceand
fresh, ain't they?’ said the Briton, with asly
wink at the old patriarch

“The paint’s fresh enough, I don’t doubt,’
came the reply, through a cloud of smoke; ‘but
I'd rather have the old shoes of the one Lleft
behind in Africa than I'd have all the women
you've got in England, on the stage or off it,
She was good enough for me when she was
young, and she’s good enough for tne now.’ "

 

 

Boer correspondence by Seriptural texts has
been quitea feature of late. The latest ex-
ample comes from Berlin, where it was received
inaletter from Johannesburg. It ts said to
have been exchanged by heliograph between
the Boer Ge eral De Wet and Commandant
Cronie before the latter's capitulation, On
Feb, 25, at 10 o'clock in the morning, Presi-
dent Kruger telegraphed to De Wet: “Inform
Cronje that great reénforcements are on the
way, and that he will be freed. Psalm xxil,
21." Gave me from the lion’s mouth; for
Thou hast heard me from the horns of the uni-
corns.) Hereupon the following exchange of
messages took place between the two Generals
in the field:

“Feb, 25, 12:20 afternoon.—-De Wet to Cronje:
President telegraphs to hold out, Consider-
able reunforcements are approaching. As soon
as they have arrived, we shall attack early in
the morning from the north. Psalm Ixiv, 7.’
(But God shall shoot at them with an arrow;
suddenly shall they be wounded)

“Feb. 26, 4.16 afternoon —Cronje to De Wet:
My provisions are becoming scarce; for the
reat I do not doubt with God's help I shall be
able to drive off the enemy tothe north. Psalm
xx, 7."' (Some trust in chariota and some
in horses; but we will remember the name of
the Lord our God).

“Feb. 24, 7:20 In the morning —De Wet to
Cronje: Reénforcements, it is to be hoped,
come to-day. Hold out till to-morrow even-
ing. Are sending provisions as soon as possi-
ble. Psalm lix, 18." (Let them wander up
anddown for meat and grudge if they be not
satisfied).

“Feb, 26, 9:30 in morning.—Cronje to De Wet:
The enemy has rece! ved tremendous reanforce-
ments. I am hard pressed. Psalm {ji, 1.”
(Lord, how are they increased that trouble me!
Many are they that rise up against me).

"Feb. 26.-De Wet to Cronje: The reénforce-
ments are already visible in the distance, but I
myself am attacked by superior hostile forces,
Psalm |x, i." (OGod, Thou hast cast us off,
Thou hast scattered us, Thou hast been djs-
pleased; turn Thyself to us again).

“Feb. 26, 4:10 afternoon—Cronje to De Wet:
The bombardment is overwhelming. Heavy
losses. The majority of the burghers want me
to surrender. Psalm Ix, 11." (Give us help
from trouble, for vain is the help of man.)

This last-quoted heliogram is said to bave
been read by the British, who thereupon helio-
graphed to both Generals; “All further oppo-
sition on Cronje’s side is useless bloodshed. He
is surrounded by 70,000 men with 120 guns, and
not aaingle man of his treops will escape alive
if he does not surrender at once. Psalm Iziil,

SS css lS

mm | |

wens
4 hao

be a portion for foxes )

Mr. A. G. Hales, whose graphic letters have
often been quoted here writes this week of how
the burghers took Cronje’s surrender. “Onthe
very morning,” he writes, “that Gen, Cronje
surrendered I left Bloemfontein a prisoner un-
der escort. I left the capital of the Free State
at about 60'clock In the morning of Majuba
Day, which, strangely enough, proved to be the
day of Cronje's downfall. All along the rail-
way line the Boers swarmed, and every armed
man seemed strangely confident that the day
of British rule in South Africa was over, Cronje
will burst through the circle of steel by which
he is surrounded like a wounded lion, sald one
young Boor to me; he willleap through and
make his way into country that will sult him.
And there ho will turn, and God help Roberts
when Cronje sweeps down upon him! J, who
knew Roberts and the men who were with him,
smiled, not that I for one moment under-
estimated Cronje and his stubborn courage, his
dauntless daring, or his iron will, I had seen
him at Magersfontein, and knew that the Bowrm
had in that stern-browed old farmer of the
veldta leader oapable of great things. But I
knew also that with Lord Roberts on one side
of him, and that mighty military genius, the
man of foe and tron, Lord Kitchener, on the
other, Cronje had a taskin front of him which
might have appalled the soul of the first
Napoleon himself.

“Later on, when a prisoner at Burghersdorp,
when the news came through that Cronje had
surrendered {n order to avoid being cut to
pieces, the folk would not believe it. They
laughed and poked one another in the ribs with
the thumb, for they would just as soon have be-
Meved that the sun could fall from the heavens
and leave the earth in darkness as that Cronje,
the tron-willed, tiger-hearted Cronje, could
throw down his arms. Had the news come
that he had made a mad rush at our guns and
perished with all his men around him, they
might have believed it—believed it and wept,
andeven as they wept they would have sworn
to avenge him. But they would not, they
could not, and they did not, believe that he,
the man in whom they had placed their faith,
had surrendered with thousands of his men.

“But atlast the truth became known; some
who had egcaped from CronJe’s laager brought
in the fateful news, and then the stolid-looking
fighting men broke down. They wept like boys.
Great rugged bearded men dashed their rifles
on the ground and spurned them with their
boots, whilst down theirsun and wind-tanned
faces the tears poured readily. Others took the
news sadly, with chins drooping on their chests,
with hard set faces, white with passionate pain
too deep for words; they stood leaning upon
their rifles with hands hard gripped until one
would think the tightened muscles would lvave
the impress of the straining fingers upon the
oold steel. Others again crowded together and
looked dumbly from face to face, like cattle
foregathered to the shambles. The blow had
stunned them. To them Cronje was something
more than aman, he was an idol; what the
great Corsican waa to the French soldiery after
the battle of Auaterlitz so Cronje was to these
rude farmers. He was their brain centre, thelr
rallying point. Had Paul Kriger betrayed
them to their foes for the sake of British gold,
they would not have felt the shock as they felt
this one man’s surrender. If Cronje had loved
his country half as well as his country loved
him, he would have marched right on to the
point ofa British bayonet on that morning, 60
disastrous to the Boer arras, and have yleldedup
his life in order that the memory of his name
might have remained as a watchword on the
lips and in the hearts of his gallant yeoman
soldiery. When the crash came, when the Boers
kuew for a certainty that Cronje had vielded,
they felt that their idol was shattered. They
could not put their feelings into words, but to
an onlooker those words addressed by the pas-
stonate Lord Byron to Napoleon--

Weighed in the balance hero dust
Is vileas vulgar clay.
came readily to memory.”

 

INJURED BY CARS AND TRAIN, |

 

Woman Has Concussion of the Brain, Man's
Legs Crashed—Both May Die.

Mrs. Margaret McInerney of 15 John street,
Newark, N. J., while attempting to board an
Eighth avenue car while it wasin motion at
Fifty-ninth street yesterday afternoon was
thrown to the street and fell on her head. She
was taken to Roosevelt Hospital suffering from
concussion of the brain and has aslim chence
for life. . q

Philip Hazel of 4296 West Fifty-third street at-
temptedto climb onto a moving freight train
of the New York Central Kailroad at Fifty-
fourth street and Eleventh avenue yeaterda
afternoon He missed his hold and fell beneath
the wheels. Both legs were crushed. When
he was taken to Roosevelt Hospital the sur-
g@eons said that he would probably die from
shock.

J. M. Thompson, areal estate dealer of 641
East 187th street, attempted to get off a Third
avenue trolley car last night at 187th
street. The conductor tried to hold
him until the car stopped, but Thomp-
son pulled away, saying that he
knew how to handle himself. He jumped and
struck an elevated railroad pillar. He was
taken to Fordham Hospital. He has four frao-
tured ribs, a broken knee cap and internal {n-
juries

RUBBISH SETS A HOUSE AFIRE,
Ablaze From Cellar to Roof and the Tenants

Turned Out of Bed,

The brownstone apartment house at $88 Kast
Seventy-eighth street caught ‘fire at 8 o'clock
yesterday morning and before the blaze was
put ont mostof the furniture in the house was
ruined. The fire started in some rubbish under

| the stairsin the basernent, and spread through

|
|

(arn

the alrshaft to the roofina twinkling Allof
the tenants got out safely, Dr. H Goodfriend,
from the ground floor, carrying down frem the
second floor Mrs Ann Carroll, the owner, who
isanifvalid. There was an odor of kerosene
where the fire started and Deputy Chief Duane
notified the Fire Marshal. Mrs. Carroll said she
had no idea tha’ the fire was incendiarv. No
one but the tenants had access to the basement,

Apperenty there were only rags in the rubbish
reper started the blaze. The damage was

 

Foand Dead in a Creek,

Boys walking through the Glendale woods on
Communipaw avenue, Jersey City, near the
Hackensack River, yesterday afternoon dls-
covered a man's dead body in a small creek
which runs through the woods. The posture
indicated that the man had plunged headfore-
mostinto the creek. The body was taken to
Speer’s morgue. No marks of violence were
found. Some business cards of Anton J. Leo
cari, a saloon keeper at Park avenue and River
street, Hoboken, were found in the pockets, bu
Mr. Leceari says he has no idea who the dea
manis. The only other articles found tn the

ockets were a key ona ring and a bone tag.

(here was no narne on the tag. The man
appareptly about 40 years old, 5 feet 8 ineb
tall, light hair and sandy mustache, and cl
ina dark suit, ght gray underclothing, gray
socks and congress gaiters,

 

Scorchers Break Each Other's Bones,

John Shaw, 34 years old, of 116 Clinton street,
Hoboken, and Frank McMillan, 28 years old, of
811 Montgomery street, Jersey City, were
scorching along the Hudson County Boulevard
yesterday afternoon with their heads bent jow
over their handle bars. They came into col-
lision with each other, Shaw suffered a com-
pound fracture of the shoulder blade and was
severely injured absut the head and body. He
was taken to the City Hospital in an ambu-
lance. MeMillan’s left leg was broken. He was
taken home

 

Cigar Store Crap Game Ralded.

The police of the Adams street station in
Brooklyn raided the cigar store at 45 DeKalb
avenue early yesterday morning and arrested
the proprietor, Charles Atkinson, on a charge
of maintaining a gamblingreport. Sixteen men
who were engaged in a game of craps also were
arrested charged with disorderly conduct. The
seventeen prisoners were arraigned before Maxg-
istrate Brenner in the Adanis gions police court
yeaterday morning and held to await examina-

jon this morning.

Red-Haired Man Found Long Drowned,

The body of a red-haired man about 80 years
old was fished out of the North River near
Cortlandt street yesterday after it had been for
months in the water. The police think the ma
may have been a presen, er onthe wrecked
fecy boat Chicago. e had $2.92 but no papers
in pockets. He wore a black overcoat, serge
coat and waistcoat, light striped trousers, white

4) blue striped stockings and patent lea:

 

tr he ad

10." (They sha al by the evord: thereda] PARTY STRIFE IN

rr a a

n
:

cere ee orev? 4
staat hasan eg 4 49

‘es gee
awenwe

CUBA.
NATIONALS NOT APT TO FUSK WITH
THE REPUBLICANS.

Latter Strong in Rural Districts, bet Weak fa
Havana Republican Mayors of Small Towns
Accused of Trying to Secure Re-election by
Niegal Means—Sugar Cane Crop Small.

Special Cable Despatch to THB SUN.

HavaNa, May 18—Although, as cabled to
Tux SUN yesterday, the voters are not display-
ing very much interest in the approaching elec-
tions, and are not registering, the politicians
are hustling and quarreliing. The agreement of
the Republicans and Nationals to work together
is apparently going to be broken because of
the a:nbition of the Republican leaders in ths
rural districts, where the party has sufficient
strength to capture most of the offices.

The Independencia, the official organ of the
National party, attacks the Republicans on the
ground that the members of that party are
trying to win the elections {Ilegally. The paper
says that{n Bolondron, Guanabacoa, Bejucal,
Guira de Melena and other places the Mayors,
who belong to the Republican party, have
taken advantage of their offiees to attempt to
secure their reélection. In Guira de Melena
the members of the National party have de-
clared their intention not to take part in the
elections.

Bin Bejucal the citizens appealed to Sefior

Nunez, the Civil Governor of the Province, who

immediately went to see what the trouble was,

He found the town ina great state of excite-

ment and a mob threatening the Mayor's office.

An Inquiry Into the matter had been instituted.

The Mayor has resigned

The understanding between the two parties
isthua threatened, The Republicans, who are
weak in Havana, realize that they dare not
nominate a candidate for Mayor through fear
of exposing their weakness, They want union
here, hoping thereby to get a share of the
offices, but where they are strong they
are not inclined to work with the Nationals.
Two of the Republican organs recently sug-
gested that the understanding should continue
or even be made stronger, but under the pres-
ent conditions this is hardly likely. The Na-
tional party leaders say that after what has oc-
curred in various towns the Republican party
in Havana should formally denounce the actions
of {ta members or cease to talk of fusion.

The sugar cane crop this year has been a
great disappolutment. Itis said that the crop
will be 80,000 tons less than last year. This is
explained as being due to the lack of rain, and
also to the fact that the canestock was weak-
ened by the continual buruings to which {t was
subjected during the war.

The transport Sedgwick remains aground in
Cienfuegos harbor, the efforts to float her hav-
ing been unsuccessful thus far.

 

 

 

SUGAR INVESTOR WANTS TO KNOW,

Suit in New Jersey Chancery Court to Make
the Trast Give up Its Secrets.

Robert J. Trimble, who owns 100 shares of the
common stock of the American Sugar Refining
Company, has filed a bill of complaint with the
Chancery Clerk at Trenton, N. J., asking
questions about “the disposition of muill-
ions of dollars of the company's sur-
plus.”” Mr, Trimble declares that the com-
pany never has made a complete report
to {ts stockholders of the companies it controls
and the stocks it holds, and he desires to know
this forthe information of himself and other
stockholders. He says the company had, and

still has, millions of surplus on Jan, 1 after pay-
ing all that was due on preferred stock and

setting aside @ reasonable working capital
He contends that w this surplus “should
belong to the common stockholders and
be divided among them." He recites that

the directors of the company planned to
bring the company inacombination to mon-
opolize the sumar-refining business of the
country and to force Arbuckle Brothers, who
are engaged iy the coffee and spice business,
into the combination. He alleges that the
directors propose, in order to destroy compe-
tition, to reduce the price of refined sugar so
that it cannot be sold ata profit. He desires
the company to make specific answers to these
questions:

“What amonnt of the capttal stock of the de-
fendant company is invested in refineries and
real estate directly owned by the company?

“What amount of the capital of the company
is invested in the stock of other companies?

“Whatare the names and locations of the
companies, and the amount of eapital stock of
each company in which the defendant company
owns stock, and what fs the amount of stock
owned in each company?

“What were the balance sheets of the defend-

ant company at the close of each year's busi-
ness from the incorporation to the present time?

“What were the balance sheets of each of the
companies owned or controlled by ownership
of stock, including all companies in which the
defendant company owns a stock interest, civ-
ing such balance sheets from the close of the
fiscal years of each in 1898 and 1899, or
stating as nearly as may be the balance of the
said different companies at the close of the last
fiseal year of the defendant company?”

The company has one month to answer the
bill of complaint. If the answer made is
deemed insufficient Mr. Trimble will apply for
an injunction restraining the company from
carrying on other business than “the buying,
refining and sale of sugar," the objects for
which, according to its charter, It was incor-
porated,

FALSE STORY OP A MAN'S DEATH.
Sharon Deserted His Family-An Untrae Re-
port That He Had Died,

GREEN WICH, Conn., May 13.— Edward Sharon
left town a year ago and his wife and children
heard nothing from him until last week. Then
a stranger appeared in town and spread the re-
port that Sharon had died in a Brooklyn hospi-
tataud rather than trouble his family had asked
when dying to be buried in Potter's Field) The
stranger said his request had been granted

Mrs. Sharon was disturbed when she heard
this and sought advice of a local priest. He
went to Brooklyn to investigate and found that
the husband and father was not dead. Heis
working in Yonkers,

Explanation of That Smoke Sought For,

About 6 o'clock last night people{n the lower
part of Manhattan Island found their eyes
stinging witha thin blue smoke that hung low
upon thestreets. It did not seem to come from
auy particular direction and was thickest be-
tween Bowling Grean and Wall street. From
the high buildings the North and East rivers
seemed tobe overhung with a haze so heavy
that it was almost as thick asa log. Efforts to
account for the smoke failed

 

The Kearsarge Appears Off Cape Henry,

Nor¥ro.k, Va, May 13.—The battleship Kear-
@arge arrived off Cape Henry at 140 o'clock
this afternoon and spent some time saili

bout, evidently adjusting her compasses an
Pnbering up her engines She came from

ewport, where her torpedoes were taken on

 

“To Have and To Hold”

the position which

4

Pure Rye

Whiskey

has occupied for
generations in the
public opinion is
only possible
through

UNIFORMITY
of QUALITY,
AGE and
FLAVOR.

Bot Evenywnern

 

as F r
ome
avVUe

LIVE Tropics Apour TOWN.
The Democratic Club's poker game last week,
in Which a royal flush won a somewhat vague
Humber of thousands, has called attention to
the fact that very few of the large clubs now
tolerate any kindof @ gambling game in ”
Club rooma, This particular game was play
in one of the club’s parlors, and poker has
been piayed there before, There wasa time in
ite early history when the Manhattan Club
bumbered some very enthusiastic poker pier;
ers among {ts inembers, and some 0° fr
same men are now in the Democratic Club.
Moat Woll-regulated olubs have found it wise to
adopt very plain rules prohibiting gambling
games in the clubhouse. Tae SUN quoted @
Well-known man not long ago aa saying that
Gambling for big stakes was now @ thing of the
tin the best clubs in this city. 1% ts an 8
resting coincidence that the President of the
emooratic Club wrote a book on how to, win
@t poker years ago, and a very excellent little
ok it was, Acoording to the generally “
cepted story, the author received $200 for “he

 

book fr his sr, With this money he
satin ama poker parse ao long that when he
lett he was not entitled to take any of his $200
with him. He had acquired material, however,

or a chapter on how to lose at poker.

The destruction of the old reservoir at Forty-
second street and Fifth avenue, has been
lamented by people who admired ite graceful
lines, but the people who live nearitare not
sorry to haveitgo. It wasone of the choicest
breeding places for mosquitoes in this city
when it contained water. Several years ago
the members of the Union League > = =
Guests atthe Murray Hill complain rly
about the swarm of mosquitoes. It was notice-
able that there were no mosquitoes in other

rts of the city, and some one sugges that

is particular swarm had blown over from Long

sland City, but unfortunately for this-theor
the wind had been steadily n. the wrong d{-
rection, So many complaints were made that

n investigation was n. It disclosed the
act that the l in the reservoir waa the
breeding place which supplied the neighbor-
hood’s mosquitoes. The solidity with which
the reservoir was constructed has made its re-
moval, stone by stone, @ long and tiresome
operation.

Policeman John H. Smith, as theonly Finan
on the force, has, by virtue of his brass buttons
and his energy, become a sort of Poo Bah in the
Finn colony in this city. Mr. Smith ts a large
man with a luxurious beard, which won for him
the nickname of ‘Whiskers on the force, but
this name does not harmonize with his dignity.
When,Gov. Roosevelt was @ Police Commis-
sioner he recognized Smith's good qualities and
said so, to Smith's lasting satisfaction. Police-
man Smith has served as interpreter and on
one occasion as a detective for his countrymen,
and he has recently done something which dis-
tinguishes him from all the other policemen on

he foros. He has organizeda churchfor Finns

n this city. Policeman Smith says that the
gino’s greatest enemy is strong drink and he

clieves that the influence of this church will
counteract it.

“The demand for old, high-back mohogany
chairs with claw feet has been so great thatI
have more than doubled my price for them,”
said an antique dealer, ‘Three or four years
ago I was able to sell genuine old chairs of this
description for from $15 to $20 eachand now I
have a standing order froma Baltimore dealer
for ali such chairs at $30 each. I don't know
what hesells them for, but probably at an ad-
vance of $10. Good chairs are the most diffl-
cult pieces of old furniture to find.
They received harder use than other
pieces of furniture and consequently wore out
quicker. People who have never collected such
things have the impression that old four-posted
beds are very valuable, Unless they are beau-
tifully made, however, they command a com-
paratively small price. The market is over-
stocked with chairs that are reproductions,
sometines 50 skilfully made as to deceive a
dealer, but the genuine old pieces about which
there is no doubt are now very seldom found,”

 

Wonder that New York never took to out-of-
door eating and drinking has often been ex-
pressed, as nearly everything else attractive in
the life of foreign cities has been transplanted
here. But apart from the summer diversion of
eating onaroof, New York diners have kept
{ndoors at all seasons. Such a thing as a side-
walk café, similar to those existing In Paria,
has never been attempted here for the same
good and sufficient real estate reasons that
have been so potent in deciding other matters

of the same kind for this city. One
out-of-door restaurant exists in Central
Park, and in the spring months that

is sufficiently patronized to make it ja
brilliant and diverting spectacle, But the man
who seeks to see the stars reflected in his soup
has small opportunity for variety in New York.
One hotel near the Park allowed {ts guests the

luxury of dining on a piazza during the summer
months and another allowed them to sip their
coffee on the roof. Two have their dining
rooms in the same aerial position, but to beat

or nthe open alrand on terra firma will be
possible only in the Park restaurant and in the
new annex to a Fifth avenue establishment
shortly tobe ready, This resort will oceup
the space between the sidewalk and the builde
{ng, Will shield its guests from the pubo gare
by ascreen of growing plants and will be on the
level of the main restaurant in order that the
windows of this room may serve as doors. A
movable awning will be ready in case of rain
and the out-of-door dining experiment will
be tried in New York more elaborately than it
ever was before. Its fate will be Interesting, as
the possible outeome of such anxperiment
has been frequently discussed here and whether
or not the attempt to introduce euch @ resort
was rightly neglected will be shown by the
result of this enterprising caterer’s undertak-
ng

Thursday afternoon is selected by the sedate
Bostonians as the time for trying voloes, and
the applicants at the Knickerbocker Theatre
just now are quite different from the customary
class of young women who try to get into
comio opera choruses, This organization has
everywhere a reputation that separates it in
many important particulars from other com-
panies of the same kind. The atmosphere of
comie opera inits most pronounced quality ts
not supposed to.be connected with this
company and for that reason the Thurs-
day afternoon trials of voices bring out a
collection of women who look less ike would-
be chorus girls than recent boarding-school
graduates. It haalong been thought that the
years of these vencrable troubadours were re-
sponsible for thelr exemption from the custome
ary opinion in regard to comic opera's Inwerpre-
ters But as a matter of fact the singers of
this cotapan yare not nearly so old as they are
commonly thought. That this erroneous im-
pression is deeply rooted in some quarters was
shown last week when an old man came to the
box office to buy two seats. He was folding up
his change as he said to Treasurer
Mayer: am coming here to see (George
Frothingham., _ George must be gettin
along now, JT should say,” he adde
thoughtfully, “that George must be about
76 by this time."’ Mr. Mayer expostulated. He
felt certain that Mr. Frothingham's ad-
mirer must be mistaken. “No, I'm right,”’
he persisted. "I've known George Froth-
ingham for years. I'm his cousin. I'm 72,
and I know that George was always four
years older than me.” The visitor refused to be
convinoed that Mr. Frothingham was any
younger than he thought, an lett roteating
that he had known George all hig life and he
couldn't bea day under 76. Mr. Frothingham
{s of course much younger, but with such mis-
understandings existing in the minds of their
intimate friends, it isno wonder that they are

generally thought to be older than they really
are.

Passengers for Europes find it astonishingly
easy to obtain good accommodations in spite
of the rumors some montbs ago that it would
be next to impossible to get out of this country
with any degree of comfort after the first of
May. Whatever the cause of this unexpected
state of affairs may be, it is true that state-

rooms are to be had at short notice,
and they are not, moreover, the least
desirable on the boats. One almost un-
failing method of securing good steam-
ship accommodations exists in New York and
is regularly used by persons familiar with Its
advantawes. In one of the hotels patronized
by foreigners there ia @ youth in charge of the
dcket bureau for guests. Heis always able to
secure good staterooms at very short notice.
He keeps in close touch with the steamship
companies, discovers the changes made daily
in the passenger lists, keeps himself informed
of the rooms that are given up and is in this
way able to get passage when all other means
fail 4 He naturally receives a bonus for his
work.

Henry Edward Krehbiel, the critic and writer
on musical subjects, has been appointed a
member of the International Jury of
pn Mune at @ Paris Exposition "ur. Aas

recog: 4s such an Authorit

ect to which he has devoted himeel > 1a

pown in musical circles as so enthusiastic,
catholic and scholarly a critic of the art of

music that hia selection f
satisfaction everywhere. this honor will give

   

 

 

 

Vassar Girls Nominate McKinley,

POvGHKEEPSIZ, May 18.—The Republican
students at VassarCollege met in convention
last night and nominated William McKinley f
President. New York presented the name of
Roosevelt, but he was overwhelmingly de-
feated. A proposition to make women's righta

a pa: issu t -
ap aah cene was turned down amid laugh:

MORTAL WOUND FROM A JOKE.

Tassandi Shoved a Neighbor, Was Attacked
With a Bat and Used His Knife.

Michael Piconari andJohn Tassandi and his
wife for a year past have lived on the third
floor of the tenement house at 251 West Sixty-
sixth street. For some reason they never be-
came eoquainted. Yesterday afternoon Tas-
sandi was standing on the stoop of the tene-
ment at 829 West Sixty-ninth street when Pico-
nari came out of the building, and thinking
that Piconari would recognize him as his neigh-
bor, gave him what he meant for a playful
shove.

The shove was strong enough to throw Pico-
nari off bis feet and land him in the gutter.
This put Piconart in a rage. He grabbed a
baseball bat from a boy who was standing near,
started for Tassandi and aimed a blow at him.
Tassandi evaded the blow, drew a knife and
plunged it into Piconari’s abdomen. As Pico-
part foll ‘Tassandi stabbed him again in the

ack

‘Tho streets were crowded and at the sight of
the ight the Italians who witnessed it raised a

eat outery. Tassandi ran into the house an
disappea . Policeman Kennel took Piconari
tothe West Sixty-eighth street station, The
wounded man tol

 

Aoting Captain Kear that he
had no grudge against Tassandi and hadn't in
fuet known him. Piconari was taken to

posevelt Hospital. ‘The surgeons there said
that there was almost no chance for his re-
covery.

“Acting Coptalni ear, Detective Raver, Rounds-
man McCullough and six policemen went to the
japement house and searched it for Tassan

ey found him at last hiding in a closet in @

‘oom on the top floor, He put up a stiff fight

fore they succeeded in arresting him. When
he was taken to the West Sixty-eighth street
station and looked up on a charge of felonious
assault, an ambulance surgeon was needed to
attend to the wounds on his head caused by th
night sticks of the policemen, He said he ha
only given Piconari a playful pase, and that
when Piconart attenked him with the bat he
was compelled to stab him in self-defence.

YUKON RIVER OPEN.

 

 

Early Break-up of the Ice—Democratic Con-
vention Called at Juncau.

Vicrorta, B. C., May 13.—The steamer Amur
arrived this evening with the eagerly awaited
news that the Yukon River opened at Dawson
on Tuesday morning, steamers having already
started from La Barge down. At the upper end
of the river the ice is still asource of danger
and all traffic fs suspended at Bennett, the
police rigorously enforcing the prohibitory
order, The early opening of the great northern
waterway was not expected by the experts. In-
sependeat vessel ovnere 08 pe Oe eave

passenger rates and threaten ton of
war! aro upon the combination for the |Cape
Nome business. i
' Politics are red-hot at Skagway and the even-
{ng before the Amur started south a Dem-
ocratio primary was convened for May 21 to
choose delegates to the Juneau convention,
which, in turn, will send six representatives to
Kansas City,

OBITUARY.

 

Newberry H. Frost died at his home in Hemp-
stead yesterday afternoon from pneumonia.
He retired from business several years ago. He
was at one time Treasurer of the Atlantio
Avenue Railroad in Brooklyn. Mr. Frost was a
bachelor and lived at 149 Remsen street,
Brooklyn, with bis mother until her death,
abouta year ago. Recently he bought the Sea-
man property in Westbury and several smail
farms with the intention of building a fine
country house ile lived on Lawrence place,
pom penne, until May 1, when he moved to the

ouse, where he died, on Hilton avenue, bet ween
Hempstead and Garden City. Mr. Frost was
the son of Jacob Frost, who amassed a fortune
in New York. He had many property interests
on Long Island and, besides, supervised the
estates of his two sisters. He was 53 years old,
He was a werber of the Meadow Brook Hunt
Club and the Hamilton and Brooklyn clubs of
Brooklyn.

The Rey. Father James Patrick Kiernan, pas-
tor of St Mary's Church of Rochester and
Vicar-General of the diocese, died yesterday of
pneumonia. He was principal of Nazareth
Academy and was one of the most widely-
known priests and teachers in western New
York. For twelve years Father Kiernan was
vastor of St. Patrick's Cathedral in Rochester,

@ was born in Ogden, N. Y., in 1855 and
matriculated fromSt Joseph's Provincial Semi-
nary in ‘Troy. He was ordained in 1552. At
the synod of 1885 he was appointed a member
of the diocesan school board and it was due to
his efforts that the Regents’ examinations were
secured for the Catholic schools of Rochester.

Patrick I. Arnold, manager of the Sanborn
Perris map Company of the Bowling Green
Building died suddenly of organio heart dis-
ease at hiasuromer cottage in Raratoga early
on Sunday morning. He and his family arrived
from New York on Saturday afternoon. Mr
Arnold was born {tn County Cork, Lreland, 40
yearsago and came to this country when 19
years of age. He had been connected with
the Sanborn Perris company since that time
His city residence was at 70 West Forty-fifth
street, He wasa prominent member of St. Pat-
rick’s Cathedral parish.

James Sloan, Jr, @ well-known banker of
Baltimore died there vesterday, aged 67. He
was the largest stockholder in the Farmers and
Merchants’ Bank of Baltimore. He was for
many years active in the workings of the
Adains Bpress Company andin the organiza-
tion of the now popular money delivery sys-
tem. He was for several years chairman of
the Finance Committee of the Baltimore and

hio Kailroad, being also a director in the
Baltinore and Ohio Southwestern and Central
Ohio Raflroads.

Edward C. Mulford, for thirty years a real
estate broker, died yesterday at his home in
East Fifth street, Plainfleld, N.J, of throat
trouble. He was atone timea member of the

ommon Council and for several terms was a

‘ommissioner of Appeal. He leaves a wife,
four daughters and a son

News has been received {n Minneapolis that
Rosalie Farley, who has been known as the
“Nebraska Cattle Queen,”’ ts dea

Alf Olsson, D.D., President of Augustana Col-
lege and a well-known educator of Illinois, died
on Saturday night in Moline, Ill.

 

Wealthy Bacheler Advertises for a Wife.

BINGHAMTON, May 138.—John Stirling, a
wealthy bachelor of this city, wants a wife, but
cannot bring himself to propose for fear of a
refusal. Heretofore Mr. Stirling has avoided
the falr sex, it was supposed through a natural
aversion that now appears to be a timidity that
he has vainly tried to overcome. He hit upon
the expedient of advertising, saying that while
he has always objected to this method, he thinks
itall right if proper investigation is made, Ac-
cordingly he agrees to call personally on such
as may answer his advertisement.

SP OSE RS EE ESS

Business Aotices,

 

 

Thousands testify that Dr. SIEGERT'S
Angostura Bitters {s the proper tonte to take In
Spring. Areputation of 60 years speaks itself,

—eeeee

DIED.

BROWN,.—On Thursday, May 19, 1900, In this city,
Harold Brown of Newport, R. 1, in the 37th year
of his age.

Funeral services at St. John's Church, Providence,
R,I., Monday, May 14, 1900, at 3 o'clock. Kindly
omit flowers,

OONE.—At Colonia, N. J, on Friday, May 11, 1900,
Sarah Kinne, wife of Edward G. Cone.

Funeral Monday, on arrival of train leaving New
York at 11 o'clock, Pennsylvania R. R.

CONSTABLE,—On Saturday'night, May 12, 1900,
at the residence of his son-in-law, Hicks Arnold,
7 East 83d st, James M. Constable, in his 48th
year.
Notice of funeral hereafter

COXK,—At Plainfield, N. J., suddenly, at his home,
on Sunday, May 13, 1900, Rowland Cox.

Notice of funeral later. Chicago and Quincey, UL,
and Smyrna, Del, papers please copy.

LAWRENCE.~At 16 Dodd st., East Orange, May
13, 1900, Donald, youngest son of A. A. andthe
lave Josephine T. Lawrence, aged 4 years and 7
months.

Funeral service privateon Monday at convenience
of fami!y.

MANSON, ~Suddenly, on Sunday morning, May 13,
1900, Daniel Manson, aged 56 years.

Funeral services at the residence of his son-in-law,
A. L. Dean, Parkhill, N. ¥., Tuesday, May 15,
1900, at 3 o'clock. Train leaves Chambers st,
New York, at 1:20 P.M. via Northero R.R. of N. J.

SULLIVAN.—On Saturday, May 12, 1900, at 510
Manhattan av., Natallo, only daughter of Charles
Frank and Lily W. H. Sullivan, aged 15 years.

Funeral services at Holy Trinity Church, Lenox ay,
and 122d st.,Tuesday May 16, 1900, 10 A. M.

CYPRESS HILLS CEMETERY.
Office, 1 Madison av., corner 234 st., N. Y,

Special Rotices.
“HEADACHES CURED <o that they stay cured,
Literature mailed, Dr. WARK. 60 W. aR

Mew Publications,
LD TIME PUNISHMENTS, Grammont’s Mem.

oirs, Ovid's Art of Love, Voltaire
PRATT, 161 6sb ay,

 
  
 

 

 

 

Going to Paris?

Don’t take unnecessary clothes
with you; but be sure of what
you put them in—and don’t for.
get you may want extra packing
space on the return trip.

Steamer trunks,

Portmanteaus.

Dress sult cases.

Hat boxes.

Shawl straps.

Steamer rugs—and once on a steamer the most eon-
spicuous object about you Is your rug.

Everything the young or old
man traveler needs — packing
space and all the filling.

Roarrs, Peet & Company,

258 Broadway, cor, Warren,
and 7 and # Warren St.
549 Broadway, cor. Prince.
1260 Broadway, cor. 32d,
and 54 West 33d St.

We fill orders
by mail,

VICHY

CELESTINS

ISA
Natural Mineral Water

known for centuries and
Imported

 

 
 
   
    
  
 
 
  
  
 

 

ONLY IN BOTTLES,
For Disordered Stomach
and Indigestion.

malts value has been testified
to by thousands,

So-called Vichy tn Syphons
1S NOT VICHY.

Get the Genuine.

Your Physician
will recommend tt,

General Agency, 220 B'way,N.¥.

The makers of

LIEBIG

COMPANY'S EXTRACT

OF BEEF will mail free to ~
housewife an attractive cook boo

containing 100 recipes, Send your
address on postal to Liebig’s Ex-
tract Oo., P. O, Box 2718, N.Y.City.

 

THE POLAR BEAR OUT OF HIS CAGE,
A Story Told by the Keepers of Forepaugh's
Circus in Poughkeepsie.

PovGHkKREPsI2, May 13.—A thrilling narra-
tive of the escape of *‘Diak,"’ the polar bear,
from his cage at the Forepaugh-Sells circus
yesterday was told to-day by some of the circus
employees. The circus exhibited at Darrow
Park and while 9,000 people were applauding
the performance in the main tent it is said that
“Dick” got the door of his cage open and
started to make a tour of the animal
quarters. The disoovery that the bear was
| loose caused consternation among the keepers
| and a squad of men was summoned to assist in
| his capture. Amid a chorus of flerce growls by

the lions and tigers and loud trumpetings by
the elephants, “Dick’’ was, after a struge!*
subdued and tied up in folds of canvas an

shoved back into his cage. The most _interest-
ing feature of the narrative is that althougha
number of people were in the animal tent at
the time of Dick's alleged escape, the employers
succeeded in keeping knowledge of the {ncident
from getting out forfear a panfe in the main
tent might ensue.

 

Anderson's Stoel and Wire Plant to Stay Closed,

ANDERSON, Ind., May 18.--There is no hope
for an early resumption of the American Steel
and Wire Company’splantin Anderson. It was
thought that a change in the management
would at once bring an order tostart al! de-
partments. Supt, Gedge said to-night that he
does not look to see this plant in operation tit
the labor troubles over the country are settled

   
    

art Sales and Exhibitions.

OE VE,

FIFTH
AUCTION ROOMS,

238 STH AVE, WM. B. NORMAN, Auctioneer,

EXECUTOR’S SALE
THIS MONDAY AFTERNOON

and five following days at same hour
* of the Estate of
NR. C: V.'S. ROOSEVELT,
COMPRISING

AN Te AND MODERN
TURE,

For every department of the Household, “@
REMO\ ED FROM 13 FAST 48TH ST |
and the Country House at MAPLEWOOD, N dy
Ineludin
A Mago\douatly Carved Bedroom Suite.
VERY CHOICE REAL BRONZES
including a Grand Figure, with Clock
A Library of Rare and Valuable Books, |
Containing Audubon's Birds, 1840-44; Audubon’s
mpedrn pean 458-1854; Eliiow's Pheasants and
hrushes; Wilson's Birds of the United States:
First Edition of the Dore Bible, extra bound hY¥
Bradstreet; Rogers’ Italy and Poems; Primes
Pottery, Rowlandson’s Dluminated Schoo! of
Mars, uncut; Chotoe Standard Editions of the best
authors, and many other valuable works.
A bollection of

OIL PAINTINGS,

By. Foreign and American Artists
ETCHINGS AND ENGRAVINGS

Very Chotce Crown Derby, Royal Worcester
den, and Chinese and Japanese Porcelains

A selection of Birds. A Collecon of Arms, Persiam
Lape Inlaid Furniture,

A Large Number of Turkish Rugs and Carpets

Two Chinese Embroidered Portieres, very old

33 Bottles Cholce Old Southside Madeira, from the
raat of the late Cornelius Roosevelt, who died ‘a

os

 

Dree

24 Bottles of Sherry belonging to the same estate
THE BOOKS WILL BE SOLD TUESDAY EVEN-
ING, MAY 15TH, AT FIGHT O'CLOCK
THE PAINTINGS WEDNES!)\Y EVENING, MAY

16TH, AT BIGHT O'CLOOR

JAMES P. SILO, Auctioneer.

Grand Exhibition on Monday
of the
FAMOUS COLLEOTION
of

ORIENTAL RUGS AND CARPETS

Belonging to
flr. D. K. VARZHABEDIAN,

Who will shortly leave for Europe to fulfil an em
Gagement atthe Parts Exposition.

To be Sold at Auction on
Wednesday Next and Following Days

EACH DAY AT 2 O'CLOCK,

i

al the

Fifth Avenue Art Galleries,

366 FIFTH AVENUE,
3 Near 34th Street a

—

d
1

f
t
f
n¢
{8
m
J
w
a
M
at
I

~

=o

ee

——>2= 2