—

 

 

Se
ae

ee

—

7m ater cae die a

es

. F
;
;
j
:
fl
P,
és
o
‘ "
 &
, {
a
ie i}!

 
 
   
 
  
   

 

 

 

MONDAY, MAY 14, 1900.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Subscriptions by Mall, Postpaid.

DAILY, per Month . 60 50
DAILY, per Year cc cceeree .@00
BUNDAY, per Year és 200
DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Year 8 ¢

DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Month
Postage t foreign countries added
THe Sun, New York City

PAaRis—Kioeque No. 12, near Grand Hotel, and
Kiosque No. 10, Boulevard des Capuelnes,

US owe friends who favor ws with manuscripts Sor
publication wish to have rejected articles returned, they
rest in ali cases send stamps for (hat purpose.
ee

 

 

 

Messages and Papers From the People.

We print elsewhere on this page 4 few
letters from citizens regarding the Hon.
James D. Ricwanpson’s great literary and
patriotic enterprise, together with some
newspaper remarks on the same.

During the process of exhibiting the
methods by which two or three adroit in-
dividuals have managed to turn to enor-
mous private profit a Government document
illegally ‘copyrighted’ by RIcHARDSON,
advertised by Srorroap, and “ distributed "’
by Banovs's agents at $84 a set, THs SUN
has refrained from publishing any corre-
spondence or comments from outaide.

In the first place, the letters we have re-
osived from victims, or from those who
have narrowly escaped becoming victims,
or from those who have studied the evi-
dence disinterestedly but with growing
amazement and disgust, would have
swamped our columns. In thesecond place
we have preferred that the facta of the case
as presented should stand by themselves
and speak for themselves.

We now depart from our practice merely
in erder to show by some specimen commu-
nications and extracts how generally the
revelations concerning this unprecedented
scandal have been understood and approved.
"Phe country has learned, at least, how to
protect itself against one form of fraud.
* Committees on Distribution "’ hereafter are
Ikely to find doors closed to them when
they attempt to " distribute.”

Meanwhile, the official investigation is
proceeding at Washington behind closed
doors. The first three partners of the firm of
RICHARDSON, SporrorD, Barcus & U.S, A.
are writhing and squirming under the sharp
questions of the fourth partner, hitherto
too long silent, but conscious now how tts
confidence has been misplaced, its Innocent
{f foolish generosity abused, and ite dignity
outraged.

 

Why Frenchmen Dislike Englishmen.

Although, aince the opening of the Expo-
sition, there has been some abatement
of the abuse lately vented upon England
and English people by the Paris news-
papers, nobody doubts that, in the autumn
the campaign of vituperation and calumny
will be revived. What are the causes of
the animosity with which Frenchmen
regard their British neighbors? ‘The
London Spectator has attempted recently
to account for the phenomenon by the
Fashoda incident, by the fact that, as colo-
nizers,the French and the English are rivals
in West and Centra) Africa and in southern
China, and by the belief current in France
that Englishmen are the enemies of her
Russian allies. We would not deny that
these facts and {mpressiona may have
some influence, but the real ground of
the enmity with which England is viewed
{n France lies far deeper. It is unques-
tionably true that, for upward of two
centuries, the aspirations of the French
nation have encountered in England the
one insuperable obstacle to their fulfil-
ment, and that, but for England, France,
instead of sinking into a second-class power,
would have been dominant in Europe and
the mistress of the greatest Colonial Empire
on the globe.

It is certain that, but for the treasure,
the blood and the generalship contributed
by England to theanti-French coalition
fn the early years of the eighteenth century,
Lovis XIV. would have succeeded in effect-
ing a consolidation with France, under the
Bourbons, of Spain, Naples, the Duchy
of Milan, the Spanish Netherlands, and,
{n a word, all the Spanish possessions in
Europe, as well as all Spain's dominions
in America and in the East Indies, But
for MARLBOROTGH the consolidation would
have heen untrammelled with the condi-
tions imposed by the Treaty of Utrecht,
conditions which divided, and were in-
tended to divide, the House of Bourbon
against itself. Again, at the outbreak
of the Seven Years’ War, France owned
{in North America an imperial domain,
which, including as it did not only Can-
ada but the Mississippi Valley, had a pro-
spectivevalue immeasurably greater than
that of the territory occupied by the Brit-
{sh colonies in America, About the same
period Frenchmen had acquired great
influence in southern India, and seemed
destined to become the power hehind the
throne of the Mognis. By the Peace of
Paris in 1763 France renounced every foot
of land which had once belonged to her
on the mainland of North America, and
by the end of the century she retained
nothing in India except Pondicherry and
Chandernagore. For the loss of her nascent
empires in the New World and in India
France had Englishmen to thank

Tet us pass to the wars of the French
Republic and First Empire. But for the
opposition of the English fleet in the Medi-
terranean NAPOLEON'S conquest of Egypt
would have heen permanent, and would
have been followed certainly by the oeeu-
pation of Syria, and, probably also, by
an overland expedition against India.
Here, again, there would have been nothing
visionary in the French dream of aggran-
dizement had not England blocked the
way. Neither will any one deny that,
but for Englands implacable hostility,
Naponron’'s hold tinon Spain and Portugal
would have remained unshaken, or that
his control of central Europe, from Ham-
burg to Naples, would have lasted as long
ashelived. Evenafter Napo.ron’s down-
fall England continued to obstruct the
efforts of reviving France for rehabilita-
tion When the Belgians revolted against
Holland in 1830 they would gladly have
chosen for their Sovereign a son of Loris
Paivirer, but the English foreed them
to accept for their ruler Prince Lrorotn
of Saxe-Coburg-Gotha, who had married
the daughter of Grorark IV. In the early

forties Thiers, then Premier, saw an op- |

portunity of gaining for France the long
coveted ascendancy in the Orient, by en-
couraging IBRAHIM Pasha’s attempt to
dethrone the Ottoman Sultan and to aub-
etitute MEHEMET ALI as Commander of
the Faithful. Already had Inranim con.

England interposed, compelled him to
retire to Egypt, and brought to naught
the French designs. Once more, it was
aa clear to every intelligent Frenchman
in the sixties as it was to Napo.gon III.
| that their expedition against Mexico, and
| the establishment there of an Empire under
MAXIMILIAN, would end tn a@ flasco if the

 

forces of the Union were permitted to

crush the Southern Confederacy.
in view of that conviction that NAPOLEON
III. tried so long and 80 earnestly to per-
| suade the British Government to take part
| in @ joint intervention. But for England's
refusal to codperate in that plan the
Southern
have acquired independence, MAXIMILIAN
would be atill ruling in Mexico, and
NaPo.£on III. would have been peacefully
succeeded by his son. Finally, French
talent and French capital built the Suez
Canal, and secured a preponderant interest
| in Egypt, only to see the artificial waterway
| and the whole of the Nile Valley pass under
British control.
in the eyes of an educated Frenchman
hia English neighbors, who under the
Plantagenets strove for a hundred years
to conquer his country and efface his nation-
ality, have never since relaxed their fell
determination to thwart the hopes of
France, and It {a the grim lesson of history
that they have always hitherto succeeded.
Under the circumstances, Frenchmen
would be scarcely human if they could
look at England without any trace of vin-
dictiveness or of antipathy.

 

The Sisters of the Wheel.

In view of the repeated assertions of
wheelwomen last fall that they expected to
forsake cycling this year for other amuse-
mente, the present marked enthusiasm of
the fair riders for their old-time spins has
occasioned not a little surprise. If we may
judge by the number of women who have
expressed their intention to participate in
wheeling events during the next few months,
and by: the number who have already
planned to spend the best part of their va-
cations awheel, the cycling sisterhood has
certainly set out on an extraordinary sea-
son, And much more substantial reasons
may be ascribed for this state of things
than what have been styled the ‘ vagaries
of wheelwomen."’

At the close of last year numerous com-
plainta were heard among female riders as
to theall-around fitness of their mounts for
use on roads less sulted to cycling than
those of the city, and many who took their
wheels to the country returned with sor-
rowful hearts. They explained that the

It was |

   

THE

 

quered Syria and a part of Anatolia, when ' means exhaust the list of expedients that

may be tried for keeping the onion crop of
the big Scioto marsh and other windy
regions of the West from quitting its natural
element and soaring off into space. They
are put forth, such as they are, to stimulate
suggestion and experiment as to the remedy
finally to be adopted,

No Different Standard in Cuba.
The test of the honesty and efficiency of

| any branch of public administration, in Cuba

Confederacy would probably |

or elsewhere, is in the prompt discovery of
wrong-doing when it has ocourred, and in
the rigid punishment of wrong-doing when
it has been discovered.

One of these conditions has already been

| fulfilled in the case of the alleged embezzle-

cause of their displeasure was, to a large |

extent, the increased weight of the ‘09
models over those of the past, and conse-
quently the greater difficulty they had in
propelling them. They found a very de-
cided difference between pedalling a 28 or
30-pound bicycle in the country and one that
tipped the scales at only 22 or 24 pounds;
and they expressed a popular sentiment
when they declared that the wheels of 1900
ought to be made lighter.

But the opposition to heavy roadsters was |

not all that gave rise to more or less dissat-
isfaction on the part of women: they
objected strongly to several details in the
make-up of their bicycles. For example,
the dreas guards of their machines often
caused annoyance by breaking or rattling
or failing properly to protect their skirts,
and in many cases the guards became so
troublesomethat they were removed, Han-
die bars, also, while readily adjustable up
or down in the steering head, could not, on
some wheels, be raised high enough to per-
mit the rider to maintain an erect pose; and
investigation proves that the upright post-
ure is atill favored by wheelwomen ina
large number of instances. Moreover,
women riders are not at all slow toappreci-

| ate mechanical niceties, and they criticised
severely several features of their old mounts
that are of less general importance than
the foregoing.

Familiarity with the new wheels, the
models of 1900, has caused much of the dis-
satisfaction of the gentle sex to disappear,
and as the months go by and the product of
the American Bicycle Company becomes
better understood, expressions of gratifica-
tion multiply from both men and women
riders. But this is true particularly of the
latter. Wherever wheelwomen assemble
may be heard opinions in praise of the
cycles now on tH market. Their variety is
almost endless, and if the purchaser selects
one of from 22 to 30 p&unds' weight, she
may be reasonably certain that it will do
her good service.

In short, for their avoirdupois, the wheels
of this year have never been excelled as re-
gards the important qualities of strength
and durability. The minor improvements,
also,and the beauties of mechanical con-
struction embodied inthe new output are
extremely interesting and praiseworthy.
From the shape and finish of the frames to
the most minute details of the hubs and
spokes, they evoke nothing but commenda-
tion. It is easy, therefore, to understand
and account for the revival of interest
manifested this spring by wheelwomen,

|
!

Protection for Ontons in a Gale.

The genius of the Irish people for the
engaging narration of legend and history
has given tothe world many stories of the
“Big Wind in Ireland.’ Western breezi-
ness of expression has told entertainingly
of the zephyrs of the plains, as, for ex-
ample, of the one that wafted a calf up
against the gable end of a Kansas barn and
held him there until he starved to death,
In connection with these incidents of
atmosphere in motion a story that comes
from the big Scioto marsh, in Ohio, is
worthy of mention.

It is told without any attempt at embel-
lishment. The nub of it is in this sentence:
“Over 1,000 acres of young onions were
blown out of the ground, and the loss will
exceed $10,000."

It is not the part of prudence to attempt
to add anything to this brief but graphie
statement of the effect of a heavy wind in
Ohio; but it may be permissible to offer
some suggestions as to the preservation of
future onion crops in the West from a like
disaster, In any maritime region the first

expedient thought of would naturally be !

to have the young onions
chored., A mushroom
each onion ought to hold in any ordinary
Western gale. The purely agricultural view
would see a different remedy lt would
suggest ascertaining first how far beneath
the surface of the ground the effeeta of the
wind are felt with severity, and then plant-
ing the young onions below that level. The
student of dynamics would havea different
scheme. Tle would find out the direction
whence most of the gales blow during the
onion-growing season and would set out the

properly an-

| seed onions with their pointed ends toward |

the wind

The foregoing notions do not by any

anchor beneath |

 

ment in the Cuban postal service. As to
the second condition, namely, the prompt
pursuit and conviction of the guilty, the
War Department, the Department of Jus-
tice and the Post Office Department seem
to be running each other pretty hard to ac-
complish that duty.

A man may turn thief under tropical skies
as well as in the temperate zone. Weakness
may yield to the temptations of opportunity
on an island as well as on the mainland, If
the custodian of postal funds in a Central
or Western State had been detected in
dishonesty, nobody would have attempted
to draw premature conclusions concerning
the inability of this Government to ad-
minister its affairs, Everybody would have
judged the Administration by the prompt-
ness and thoroughness of its investigation
and the vigor of ita prosecution of the of-
fender or offenders.

That 1s precisely what all fair-minded
citizens of the United States and citizens of
Cuba will do in the present instance. It is
the undetected rascal that is dangerous. It
is the detected but unpunished thief that
blots the fame of the Administration re-
sponsible for his appointment to office,

 

 

Last year Col. BRYAN was imported into Ohio
to use his voices in behalf of the Hon Joun
Rom. McLean. Now Mr. MCLBAN'# news-
paper says wearily thatthe Democrats ‘are
tired of being the catoh-basin for irregular,
impure, impertinent and indefensible streams
in polities,” and begs the Democrats to pre-
serve their dignity ‘‘whether their standard-
bearer shall be WILLIAM JENNINGS BRYAN or
some other Democrat distinguished for intel-
lect and honesty,” the Hon, JoHwn Rou
McLean for instance. 0, sharper than @
serpent’s tooth! ©, marble-hearted fiend!

According to the Hon. WinniaM VINCENT
ALLEN, whots properly grateful for his seat in
the Senate, the peerless leader is peeriess every-
where, “a patriot without a peer on this or any
other continent.’’ Besides, he is “the moat
American citizen of theage " and “as anorator,
asa statesman, he's the equal of WEBSTER and
Cuay, if not their superior.” This is the
measured and impartial estimate that might
have been expected, Had Mr. ALLEN chosen to
indulge in pardonable exaggeration he might
have sald that Col. BkYAN combined the energy
of the Hon. Tornnapo Jones with the vocal
stress of the Hon, CYCLONE DAVIS,

 

 

IN SOUTH AFRICA.

 

The disruption of the federal army and the
retirement of the Transvaalers into their own
territory under Gens. Botha and DeWet, mark
an important stage in the political relations of
the two republics as well asin the military
situation. Until the real causes of the breaking
off of the fighting alliance are known there is
little profit in speculating on them, nor can the
consequences be easily predicated until we
knowin what strength the now independent
army of the Free State is, how disposed, and by
whom commanded. Gen. DeWet, who appears
to have been the guiding spirit of the
troublesome irruption into the southeast of the
Free State, has left with the Transvaalers, and
Commandant Olivier, who has distinguished
himself on several occasions, is the best known
of those remaining. What the strength of the |
Free State army is at this moment fs difficult to |
estimate, as the bygk of the losses that have
been incurred duffng the war south of the Vaal
have fallen on the Transvaalers. At the out-
side they can hardly have over fifteen thousand
men If so many under arms between the force
last reported east of Thaba N'Chu, the contin-
gent at Kroonstad, and the commandos holding
the Drakensberg passes.

The change in the situation can only modify
Lord Roberts's plans seriously if the Free Stat-

ers still remaining under arms, have the num-
bers and resolution te assume a vigorous ag-
gressive against his cominunications which are
protectes almost solely by infantry, the bulk of
iis cavalry and mounted intantry being in the
advance. The total number ot frritish battal-
fons actually employedin guarding the com-
munications between the coast and the front is
thirty, making, with local levies, between thirtyv-
five and forty thousand men In that service
alone

The Cape Colony territory north of the
Orange River, with the exception of Kimberley,
has been separated from the Cape for adminis-
trative purposes, and made arnilitary district
with Sir Charles Warren as Governor

Stephen A. Douglas tn the Bear Skin.
From the Atlanta Constitution,

Mr. William C. Morris, the well-known tnsurance
man, was exchanging reminiscences with me the
other day, when something was sald about Stephen
A. Douglas. “You know that Douglas,” satd Mr
Morris, ‘like many Great statesmen of his day, some-
times drank to excess, and in his frolics with the boys
forgot all about Senatorial dignity. I saw him glort
ously drunk tn a little Til{nots town tn 1459, after he
had made a4 Ereat sp-ech.

“The Senator at thet time hadan fron constitution.
He could work harder and @rink more than any of his
contemporaries, and his excesses did not muddle his
head nor tangle his legs,

“In this little Hilnoistown he lost bis equilibrium
for once

“After drinking many hours with scores of tough
old topers-drinking champagne, brandy and
whiskey, the ‘Little Glant® unexpectedly eollapsed.

“A moment before he stood like a granite statue,
Then, without the slightest warning, he was a shape-
lesslump of boozy bumantty, lolling in a big arm
chalr.

The reckless revellers had just sense enough to
knowthat Douglas wasdrunk, and thelr next step
was « practical Joke, which was adisgrace to the
town.

“In front of a drug store stood a big stuffed bear.
The drunken mob pulled him down. They ripped him
open and pulled out the stuMng.

"It wastwoo'clock In the morning, and the sober citi-
zens then on deck were too fewin number to do any-
thing

“Thetown boys had thetr way. They Jammed the
unconselous Senator {nto the bear skin and stitched
{tup

“Then they propped the horrible figure to a large
chatr inthe hotel lobby and stood around {t In a state
of wild and noisy Allarity until daylight.

“Orcastonally the bear would ive a lurch forward,
but the bystanders straightened him up again. The
Senator's snorts and grunts were so decidedly bearish
that the boys were delighted,

“In the early morning hours, when the bear left bis
chair, and gave chase to nis tormentora, SWearing at
them tn good, old fashioned Anglo-Saxon, the tip
plers went inwo spasms of glee, and it was diMeult to
Induce them to rip open the bear skin and put the
furious Senator to hed,

“That was the meanest practical joke I ever saw,"
said Mr. Morris in coneluston, but 1t was also the
funniest

“only

 

a very Great man could have outlived tt
But Dougies Was such a @enuine patriot, and a man
of such remarkable ability, that the people gladly

overlooked his litle indiscretions."

(ol, Watterson's Contrition and Reforn,
From the Courier Journal,

An esteemed contemporary speaks profanely of the
Courter Journal's ‘double leaded;
editorial fulminations"’ Not on your Ife, you lub-
ber! We do confess to some delinquencies when the
disease first struck the yellow journals. But when

double column

| every skip-rooster in the business began to trick out

his stale, Matand unprofitable stupidities tn the ex-
panding shirt frontof the double column Jackassery,
damphoolism, bad grammar and all we thought it |

) time for sensible people to quilt and we quit! |

SUN, M

 

 

ONDAY, MAY

RICHARDSON AND BARCUS.

What the Country Is Saying About the “Mes.
sages and Papers” Scandal.

From the Hudaon Republican.

 

 

14, 1900.

 

The “Committee on Distribution” has lost tts |

first case, The celebrated “Messages and Pa-
pers of the Presidents’ are having troubles of
theirown. A test case was recently brought in
New York against a resident who signeda card
which the agent assured him was for express
charges and allowed his name to go in a book
to complete Mr. Spofford’s “Collection of Auto-
graphs.’ Justice Finn gave an immediate de-
cision for the defendant. Thus a precedent has
been established which will have an important
bearing on other cases. In Hudson there are a
number of victims of Richardson, Spofford & Co
Of how far they are legally bound by theswindle
we are ignorant. If the agent gave therm
such assurances as were made in the New York
case their liability is nothing. However that
may be, the example set by the New York
court is excellent. Many men would have paid
the $34 rather than subject themselves to the
annoyance of a suit, but William H. Danvers
was not built that way. It isto be hoped his
example will stimulate others

In the meantime THE SUN is showing up the
wholescheme as only THE SuN can, so that
Richardson & Co. can be fairly seen from here
to squirm
gating the matter, and altogether it would
seem asif there were better jobs, or atleast
tasks with pleasanter consequences than pre-
paring and “selling” ‘The Messages and Pa-
pers of the Presidents" and the people.

Still at Work.

To tas Epiton or Tue ScN—Sir: I have
been greatly interested in your exposé of the
Committee on Distribution.”” Iam in reoeipt
this morning of the enclosed letter. I judge
this{s from the same crewd. Your efforta in
laying bare achemes of such people are appre-
ciated by readers of Tn® Sun all over the
country. WIL1L1AM H. Crossy

Buerato, N. Y., May 10.

The Accredited Leader of the Minority.
From the Cincinnati Commercial-Tribune,

Tar New York Sun has been letting the
revealing rays of ‘ts sin-exposing refulgence
shine upon the dark places of abuse in public
document publication under private contract
This, incidental to showing up the very
adroitly manipulated profit-procuring private
enterprise on the part of Richardson, Barcus
& Co, When it is recalled that Richardson Is the
accredited leader in Congress of the God and
Morality party, Bryan-purified, silver-em bossed,
the appositeness of THE SUN'S exposé is at once
apparent. In view of the very questionable
misuse of Congressional prerogative by this
political purificationist itis the opinion of Tue
®un that henceforth all public documents,
published by the Government and paid for out
of the Treasury of the United States, should
be distributed to the people through the
regular channels fn the old way. No scandal
like that into which the Hon. James D, Rich-
ardson has managed to drag Congress in the
matter of “ Messages and Papers of the Presi-

 

 

 

dents’ should be possible after this melan-
choly experience,
Hypocrisy and Hambug.
To THe Epitor or Ture Stn—Sir: I wish to

shake you by the hand. You have done good
work {n exposing an apparent case of fraud In
the "Committee on Distribution’s’ fake busi-
ness, I received one of the notices from the so-
called “Committee on Distribution’ and on in-
nocently reading it felt proud, flattered, big,
important, believing that the Government of
my country had at last made my acquaintance
and desired me to understand that I had been
“selected” to receive its kindly consideration.
Undoubtedly this publication has a fair
money value, but when a body of men under-
takes to use the good name of the Government
in carrying out such schemes I feel happy in
their exposure,

Ihave read your editortals with the keenest
interest and satisfaction. I am a constant
reader of Tur Sun and I admire your fearless
attack on this gang of himbugs

New YORK, May 6 Robert MARTIN,

 

Personal Interests vs. Public Interests,

From Lealie's Weekly

Tar Svn has unearthed a Congresstonalscan-
dal, small in size, perhaps, but none the less
seriousin nature Itrecites that Congressman
J.D. Richardson of Tennessee, as chairinan of
the Committee on Printing, in 1894 reported in
favor of the publication by the Government
Printing Office of a public document containing
the messages of all the Presidents and, subse-
quently, of aresolution authorizing him to do
the work of compiling This work wasso much
sought after that a number of resolutions were
introduced {n Congress providing for a more
generous public distribution of the volumes.
But, while most of these resolutions were side-
tracked and failed, somebody secured an amend-
ment to the Sundry Civil Appropriation bill, in
1897, authorizing the Public Printer tomakeand
deliver to Congressman Richardson, without
cost to him, duplicate electrotype plates of the
book. The estimatad cost of these plates to the
Public Printer was $3,600 Congress good na-
turedly granted this extraordinary request,
and THE Sw says that a firm, made up of Con-
gressman Richardson, Ainsworth R Spofford,
Assistant Librarian of Congress, and James S
Barcus of Terre Haute, Ind., is now selling the
book to the public for {ts own profit, and adver-
tising that if a private publisher were to under-
take to publish it the volumes would cost not
lesa than a million dollars to produce. Tar
Sus adds that the agents of Mr. Barcus pre-
tend to represent Congress in the distribution
of the book The whole story reveals a very
serious condition of affairs at Washington, and
raises a question as to whether the interests of
the public or the personal interests of members
of Congres@ are first being considered by the
law makers at Washington,

 

A Four Per Cent. Limit Proposed.

To THe Epiror oF THE Sun Str: In view
of the facts pertaining to the firm of ‘Richard-
son, Spofford, Barcus & U.S. A," would {t not
be well forsome Congressman to Introduce a
bill providing that, hereafter, when the Gov-
ernmentis to be the subject of abuneo game,
the “‘swag’’ shall be restricted to four per cent,
of the actual cost of the game?

If the profits of legitimate enterpriaes are to
be restricted to four per cent., surely those of {]-
legitimate character should also be restricted
to at least the same amount

The Hon, James Daniel Richardson himself,
havingsuch an antipathy to “profits,” could,
of course, be counted upon as an advocate of
such a measure, even though he should find
that it would curtail the winnings of the "Com-
mittee on Distribution '*

But, could suelh an act be made retroactive?
I fear not. Brother Richardson is, therefore,
safe. Then, by all means, let the bill be intro-
duced, and let Richardson be the introducer
thereof, and, in his speech advocating the bill,
let him declare, that in view of the fact that the
law can't be made retroactive, he will not take
more than “four per cent "' of the profite of his
present enterprise but willturn in to the Con-
acience Fund all the proceeds over that amount
This willshow his good faith in his attitude on
the “profits” question, and will convinee the
country that heis a man of unquestioned in-
tegrity andentirely unwilling to do" any one
out of more than “four per cent.” .

James S Cian

E.woon Crry, Pa, May 10

 

Eenevolence Abused,
From the Hartford Courant
We suspect that Mr. Richardson of Tennessee,
Democratic leader, regards as wholly uncalled
for the curiosity displayed by THe Sun about
the private book business in which his brother
Congressmen so benevolently set him up

A Boston Man's Experience With the Index,

To THE Epiton or THE Sun--Sir: 1 have
been very much interested in the editorials on
“Richardson, Spofford, Barcus & U. S84."
which have appearedin Tur Sun. Ihave had
4 little experience in this direction, which I
think may interest you

At the time this work was published, the Cone

The Senate committee is Investi- |

| ducing it, and so onand 80

 

Eresaman who reptesented my district placed "ernment, it has established a case that demands

my name on the list, and I was awarded & com-
plimentary set of these books, being dell

tomeas published About the time 1 received
the last volume, | was waited upon by a repre-
sentative of “Richardson, Spoffurd, Barcus «&
V8. A," who very politely {informed me that
Mr Spofford had given him my address and
had requested him to call and see me, and se-

cura my name and codperation in this great |

work’ You can imagine how this impressed
me, from the fact that Mr Spofford did not

4 thorough inveatigaiion and ventilation.

 

Once Was Enough.

To Tar Forton or Tur Sunx--Sir: Your
timely articles have directed attention to what
is little leas than a public scandal, The under-
signed isa victim, having subscribed several
months agoto this publication, the subscription
being brought about by falae representations.
Since then he has been called upon twice by

| agents of the ao-called “Committee on Distribu-

know mefrom a aide of sole leather, but Tat |

once saw that {t was simply the first introduc-

tion of a wily book agent; he had hia little story
of how cheap the work was, viz., that It was de-
livered to aubacribers at exactly the costof pro-
forth, and after he
«ot through, I politely Informed him I was al-
ready in easion of the work

He thon aahed me if Thad the Index, which
atthat time had not been published. T told
him I did not have it, and he then requested my
subscription to the Index at a price of about 85.
I naked him if the Index were not included {n
the original grant to me of the books. He told
me decidedly it was not. However, I put him
off and told him I guessed I would not sub-

| acribe, and in about a weak the Index was de-

 

livered to mo by the Government to complete
the set

A few dayn after, the same agent called upon
me and was rather taken aback when I told him
I had the Index in my possession. He then
asked me {f I would give him the namesof a
few of my friends who I thought would like the
work. This, I am sorry to say, I did. The next
day he called jnand asked me if I would be
kind enough to sign his book, showing that I al-
ready had the work, ashe thought the use of
my name would assist him in securing eubsorip-
tions, It wasa very foolish act on my part, but
I did sign the book. The result was that this
agent took the opportunity togoamong my
friends and others, stating I had subscribed to
the work through him, that 1 was more than
pleased with it, and endeavored in this way to
secure naw subscribers. It might have been
three months after this man called upon me
that another party camo in representing the
same firm of “Richardson, Spofford, Barcus &
U.S.A." He went through the same story, and
being disguated with the matter I gave him the
cold shoulder, and that was the last I saw of
him. Ww.

Boston, May 11.

 

A Question for Respectable Democrats,

From the New York Times,

It may be eald that Mr. Richardson has shown
alamentable lack of delicacy. But a lack of
delicacy {s not an offence for which aman can
be imprisoned or fined, or even indicted,
Whether or notit disqualifies him from repre-
senting a constituency in Congress is a question
exclusively for the constituency, which in this
case is the Fifth district of Tennessee, Whether
{t disqualifies him for the position of a “leader”
{s a questionfor those who are expected to be
his followers, in this case, the Democratic
members of the House of Representatives.

 

In Philadelphia.

Totne Eprtor or THE Siw Sir: In regard
to the matter of the “Committee on Distribu-
tion, Jamea B. Richardson,’ which I sent you
notice of a few days ago, I would say that the
man mentioned in the circular called upon me
This man, whose name {s , upon my refusing
to subacribe for the books entitled ‘Messages
and Papers of the Presidents," asked me tosign
my name in a book which he had, which he
stated was for the purpose of placing it with
the Librarian at Washington, to show that I
had received a copy of the books from the Gov-
ernment. This I also refused to do, owing to
your clear and explanatory editorials,

In giancing over the book in which he asked
me to write my name, I noticed a number of
the signatures of leading citizens of Phila-
delphia, and whose names he probably obtained
{n the same way.

I desire to thank you for protecting a number
of persons, including myself, from this
swindle. A READER.

PHILADELPHIA, May 11

The Most Arbitrary of Trusts.

From the Buffalo Evening News

Congressman Richardson, the Democratio
minority leader, has become the head of one
of the mostarbitrary trusts that have yet been
conceived, He hasin a mysterious way placed
his copyright mark on seven of the ten volumes
of the "Messages and Documents’ compiled
and privately sold by him. ‘Thus Mr. Richard-
son puts forth the claim that he has the sole
right to produce the messages of all the Prest-
dents since the beginning of the United States
Government. This isa valuable and stupen-
dous monopoly and nobody knows how Con-
gresaman Richardson secured the privilege to
place his hands in the right of ownership on
property that belongs to the people of the
United States for all time) Mr Richardson
does not state on what he bases his claim to a
copyright on a Government publication, but
the claim is putforth by himself and partners
that the Government must not issue any more
free copies of its own publication,

If brought to a test this pretence of copyright
and unlawful monopoly could be overthrown.
Congressinan Richardson's example is not
calculated to encourage respect for law.

 

One of the ‘Selected’ in New York,

ToOTHE Epitorn oF THR SUN” Str: Being an
intended victim, it was with great pleasure that
l read your exposure of the “Committee on Dia-
tribution of the Messages and Papers of the
Presidents’ fake. Some months ago I re-
ceived a notice from Washington to the effect
that my name had been selected by the com-
mittee “and Iwasto have the chance ofa life
time insecuring oneof the most wonderful
works ever published, specially authorized by
act of Congress, &c. From the wording of
the notice one was led to suppose that the
books were to be given away and that each
Congressman was allowed acertain number of
coples to distribute among his constituents, and
being acquainted with the Representative from
the district where I reside, I naturally sup-
posed he had graciously remembered me

Later on I received another letter stating that
a “special agent’’ would call on me and arrange
for delivery of the books. In a day or so the
agent arrived and I was politely informed that
the books were being given away for the sum
of $34, $10 down and the rest in installments.
When I refused to receive a present that was to
cost me $34, the ‘special agent’ was all but in-
sulting and it took me nearly an hour to get rid
of him.

Trusting I have not trespassed on your valua-
ble time and feeling that you have done a great
service to the public in this matter, I remain,

New Yor, May 8, SELECTED

Barcas Says It Is All Legitimate.
From the Waahington Poat

Speaking of his connection with the volumes
of “Messages,” &e., Mr. Barcus said the printing
and the sale of the books had been pushed by
his firm along the same lines as might be
adopted by any other first-class publishing
house

 

It Had Been a Mystery,

To TAK Fpitor of THE SUN Sire From your
recent remarks it would seam that the Hon
James Daniel Richardson's ability is not limited
to representing his constituents in ¢ ongress,

THE SUN has rendered a valuable service to
the American people in explaining what was a
profound mystery to almost everybody

GRATEFUL READER
PHILADELPHIA, May 12

 

An Unseemly Performance,
From the Rochester Poste rprean,

THE SUN has done a fine piece of work in
bringing to light the record of Congressman J
D. Richardson, the Democratic leader in the
House, in connection with the publication and
distribution of a valuable work known as
“"Measages and Papers,’ which contains all
the messages and the more important minor
papers of all the Pres dents from Washington
downto McKinley. If it does not establish§a
case of private thrift at the expense of the Gov-

tion’ and itis very evident he ts about to be

favored withanother call. It was time the pub-

lic was warned againat this scheme. W.
New Yorg, May 5.

Ne Dedicated It to the Country.
From the Indianapolia Journal.

THESUN {9 doing a good work and having alot
of fun besides {n exposing the slick and under-
hand proceases by which Representative
Richardson induced Congreas to make hiin a
present of the stereotyped plates and copyright
of a valuable book which had been got up at
the expense of the Government. It is evident
that Mr. Richardson's duties as Democratic
leader in the House do not prevent his having
an eye to the main chance.

The Government Water Mark.

To THE Epitor or THE ScN--Sir; Onone of
the fly leaves of the sample copy of ‘Messages
and Papers of the Presidents,’ which the oily
agent showed me, was the ‘Government water
mark," which he said was in every copy, and
which, of course, proved untrue.

Your exposure of the scandal cannot be too
highly commended. You have the facta down
pat, and I oan tell you nothing more or new,
but corroborate what you have written.

Geornor E. FARRINGTON,

New Yor, May 6.

A Thoroegh Investigation Demanded.

From the Syracuse Journal.

From present indications Richardson's pro-
ceedings in the matter are about aa finea speci-
men of colossal impudence, to call them by no
stronger name, as we have any knowledge of.
It is to be hoped the investigation will be
thorough and that the demands of justice may
be satisfied regardless of who is hit.

 

The Honorable Member From Tennessee.

To THE Epitor oF THE Scn--Sir; You have
done a great public service and demonstrated
the power of agreat newspaper in holding up
tothe public the greatest confidence game of
the century.

Jack Sheppard and Dick Turpin pale into
mere novices beside that scheme,

The only mystery {s that a man with ‘Honor-
able’ before his name should have had the
audacity to attempt it unless that prefix got
there by an accident Joun Propasco.

TRENTON, May 2

The Farce of Pretended Copyright.

From the Chicago Tripune

The pretence of copyright in this case means
absolutely nothing if brought to a legal teat, It
{smerely one of a number of pretences con-
nected with the ‘Committee of Distribution”
enterprise. This raises the query whether the
copyright {s not being abused !n other ways
and whether it has not been allowed to lapse
into a farce. The present Librarian of Congress
recently stated that mang of the books claim-
ing to be copyrighted were not entitled to the
claim, because all the provisions of the law
were not complied with; yet nobody has ever
been punished for abuse of the copyright
privilege. Congressman Richardson's example
is not of a kind toencourage respect for thelaw,

 

 

Operations in Wisconsin.

To THE Eprtor or TRE Sun—Sir: Tar Scw
{s doing a great work in exposing the consptr-
ators who concocted the acheme to bleed the
public by selling public documents at a high
figure. I was taken In, too, by one of the
smooth men of the “Committee on Distribu-
tion’ A set of the work had been placed in
this city, given to Se Judge by Senator
Mitchell. I was anxfous to possess the set, and
when an agent appeared [ fell an easy victim.
I was busy at the time the gentleman called.
He informed me that a few seta had been set
apart for this Congress district and that I
could have a set at a price that would cover
the cost of printing and binding. It occured to
me, if that was so, where would his pay come
from, but the thought passed out of mind while
listening to his talk about the value of the
work, and that now was my only chanose to
secure the work, and I ordered a set.

MERRILL, Wis, May 6 CN. Jownson.

 

Somebody Is Getting a Good Deal.

From the Indianapolia Sentinel

We have no idea what royalty Mr. Richard-
son is drawing. Although he was chairman of
the House Committee on Printing when he did
the work of compilation, and although it might
be supposed that this was part of his work as
member of that committee, we see no great
harm tn paying him something in addition to
hia salary. But the exclusive right over the
publication and sale of the “Messages and
Papers” is excessive pay. If Mr. Richardson
is getting only a ‘small’ royalty then some-
budy else is getting a good deal. Mr. Richard-
son and his associates together are getting the
profits of what looks like a job. The proper
way of putting the “Messages and Papers”
into the hands of the public would have been
to keep the publication Government property,
and to sell it at cost.

Is Mr. Richardson Getting Cheated?

To THE Epitor or THe Scn--Sir: T notice
with great appreciation the warfare you are
waging onJameaD. Richardsonand his fraudu-
lent “Committee on Distribution '' Their cam-
paign is juston tn the West and they are reap-
ing arich harvest here. You have, however, so
far overlooked one great feature of the "'Mes-
sages and Papers” which ts included without
extra charge — the $3.40 per vol. covering it, no
doubt viz, the frontispiece of the entire work
Ahead of all the Presidents, of the Government
buildings and other features of the Capi-
tal, we have the portrait of that great
friend of the people, enemy of monop-
oly and general all-around philanthropist, the
Hon. James 1. Richardson. With character-
istic modesty he places it in the post of honor
in the Government document which he is “‘dis-
tributing” to fortunate citizens at $34 per dis-
tribute

If you had seen a set of the books and criti-
cally examined them, I hardly think, however,
you would place so moderate an estimate ag
$2 per set on the profita of the committees. True
to his political faith in fifty-cent dollars the
Hon James has eschewed gold leaf because, no
doubt, it smacks of the metal money of
the money power, and = substituted Dutch
metal for the gilt tops of his books, and
to protect “home industry” he uses stained
sheepskin whieh the enterprising Barcus
heralds to the world as levant moroceo

If the printers get more than half of the
$34 they are robbing this good friend of the
people, and Congress should at once investigate
and if necessary order the work done forhim in
the Government Printing Office at absolute cost,
or, better still, free of charge, on the same
basis as the electrotype plates

Rep Oa, la, May tt

 

T.D. Murpnr.

Harcas Indorsed by Richardson.
From the Waahington Timea
Though a Republican, PRareus has the good
fortune to be indorsed by the Hon. James D
Richardson, the prospective Democrave
Speaker of the next House, as “an honorable
and trustworthy man.”

 

Dntitas and Dewey,

TO THE Eprrork oF THE SuUN-~Sir: The first
Kreat victory at sea by Rome over Carthage was won
by the Roman fleet under the command of Dulltus,
Rome in its exultation gave the privilege to Dullius
of being preceded at night in the streets of the elty by
torehesand music Cleero mentions that he had often
Whena boy met Dulifus thus pompously attended,

end remarks "“Tantum lieention dabat gloria’ A
Florus wrote that these processions of Duillus aeames
to Bim ike ‘a dally repetition of a triumph whieh
other conquerors were modest eno n
single tay iv ugh toeonfine toa
f the lessons of bistory are of value would tt no
perhaps be worth while to call this incident and thoes
remarks to the attention of Dewey illus? E.G. B,
New YORK, May 13.

           

THE SOUTHERN NEGRO AT Work,

Testimony as to His Industry and Fidelity tq
the Lumber Business.

To tae Epitor or Tar Sun Sir’ Thoda
spatchin THe SN of April 17, entitled “Ths
Crime of Employing Negroes,” stating that pro.
tection had been asked of the Governor of Mig
siasippl for negro workmen employed in acawa
mill, would leave the impresaion that such o
ployment of negroes was naw to that sect);

Fifteen years ago 1 spent some time ty the
milling section of southeastern Texas and wou
ern Louisiana, and was rather surprised on enc
tering one of these sawmills to find it manned
almoat entirely by black men. T found sii ar
employment ofcolored labor in other mig,
white men and negroes working together wh.
out apparent friction.

Upon inquiry of the proprietors, who, by the
way, were ex-Confederates who hid aype
rendered at Appomattox and had walked or
ridden on discarded war mules all the way bok
to their native State of Texas and had there be
gun life all over again without a dollar of ea; t.
tal, Llearned that they were obliged to employ
negro help in order to keep thelr business going
withany regularity

On being reproached by a white laborer for
this seeming preference with the remark th,
you don'teare to give a white man achanoe”
one of these employers defended him-e!!
ously after this fashion: “You know very well
that | have given you many chanees, but voy
and your comrades can never be depended on
to be at work; you go off a-fishing or a-junt.
ing when you feel like it and never so much as
send me word that you are not going to he on

hand. You knowT cannot runa mil! that way
and fill orders, I would give vou the prefor.
ence and never think of emploving negroes {ft
you white fefows would only work.”

Ifthis plain talk had come from a Norther
“tenderfoot” probably there would have been
trouble, but coming from an orthodox Sour).
erner it had to go down,

I was still more interested in finding that tha
most responsible position in the mill, that of
“filer,” was filled by a pure-blooded negro ned
by observing him closely T contd see thar ha
understood his business, and kept the thyeeeand.
a-half-foot circular sawin perfeer order wih
smooth-cutting teeth in perfect alignment

[ asked the proprietor how this reero
acquired so diMeuit and valuable a trade Ha
replied that when they started their mill, venra
before, they had always had to send North tor
filers, who would stay long enough towet hone.

Vigofe

sick or down with the fever, and resign Rut
the last white manto fill that position took 4
liking to this black man, and before his de.
parture for home taught him the art of keeping
the circular saw in order, and he had been fier

ever since

So here was one black man who had heeomea
indispensable to the running of the business If
he were unreliable and went a-fishing fifty
other men might go fishing also, for that im)
could notrun Iwas informed, however, that
the: filer and his black crew were always on
handat six o'clock every morning, and tha! they
worked six days in the week

Inasmuch as accounts have heen received
from other regions of the South charging the
black man with an indisposition to work mora
than two or three days in the week, it is apleas-
ure to be able to give this testimony from ada
interested source that the American-born negro
can and does rise tothe conscientions discharga
of a reaponsibility when placed upon him

My visit to the logging camps also exhibited
the black natives pursuing all the branches
of lumbering, cutting and skidding logs,
tramming them to the streams and driving the
logs down stream to the mills, as effectually aa
I had seen similar work done by the Maine
woodsmen and the French royageura

I may say thatin view of these experienres
the shameless avowal by Senator Tillman that
he and his fellow white men had deliberately
and fraudulently deprived the entire nee
race of South Carolina of the gift of the fran
chise, granted them by the Fifteenth Amend-
ment to the United States Constitution, has
come with a peculiarly jarring effect. That isa
matter of national import, and let us one and
all be assured that it is bound to have a
national settlement

let me have space enough more to Invite
vour renders to take a trip to Fordham and
Bedford Park and look at the two gangs of Vir-
ginia and North Carolina negroes who are
there giving daily object leasons of real work
They are stalwart, picturesque fellows, and
every one would recognize them as strangers!
these parte: but for cheerful, overflowing,
downright hustling, these workers would taka
ihe American Biscuit Company at_one mouthe
ful Grorar W,. DitaRinst

New York, May 12.

GERMANY IN BRAZIL.

 

The AmDitious Colonial Policy of the Young
Emperor and the Monroe Doctrine.
From Lealie's Weekly. ,

The only place left in the world to offer an
{inviting fleid for the German agricultural colon-
ist is the American continent. The fertile fields
of Central and South America and of Mexico
welcome the emigrant, and Germany hasbegun
to occupy them.

It willstartle your readers to know that the
territory in Brazil now inhabited exclusively br
Germans is larger than all of Germany |!
self, and maps of southern Brazil, entitled
“Antarctic Germany.” have recently been
printed to tickle the vanity of the German
nation. For years past, silently and steadily, a
current of German emigration has been pour-
ing into the three southern States in Brav.,
Kio Grande do Sul, Perana and Santa Catha-

rina, and the newspapers of Rio da Janeiro
are commenting with some bitterness on the
recent visits to these States of the German Mir
ister to Brazil and the German Consuls ‘These
visitors are charged with being connected wit
amovement to establish German colonies

Brazil, Itisalso openly asserted that a lures
amount of arms and ammunition, ineludine
Krupp guns and Mauser rifles, has been |
ported into the State of Rio Grande do Sul, ard
that aplan ison foot to detach these souther

States and to form a confederacy with Uruguay
under the open protection of Germany
The magnitudeof German interests in Seuth
America has just been disclosed by the state-
met of the German Minister of Marine, who
redorta Germany's over-sea investments (9
agriouiture, manufacture and trade, not ir
cluding stocks and bonds, at 7.500,000.0007 ‘
or nearly two billion dollars, of whieh 2,000.6
0 marks are credited to South America, 200
000,000 to the United States, 1,000,000 ,000 4 ’
Transvaal and 400,000,000 to Central Ameron
and the West Indies It isthe ruleof the Ger-
man Emperor not only to have trade follow |
flag, but to have his flaw follow trade, and tha
Government of Brazil has taken the alarn
JA

New Drink Wanted.
TO THE EDITOR OF THF SUN Sir The discn®
sion of the evils of iced water drinking whic
been carried on in your columns calls to mind ioe

has

equally pernicious habit of “riekey"’ drinking d
ing the summer season. The ev{! effects of the
rickey”’ ean hardly be overestimated, and e

the male population of the country shall prompty
eschew the lime in thetr summer beverages we
goon become known among the nations:
as the thin blooded fraternity of lemon absorber
‘There isa Growing tendency among the smarter set
of the men about town to boycott the 'rickey") durink
the coming season, and to substitute some nore ser
ble concoction. A drink that 1s becoming populer
among the ‘talent’ isthe virgin cocktat!, which
Gelightful beverage when properly made, far supe
to the martini, from which {twas undoubtedly derive
The Angostura high ball was tried last summer ©
considerable success, and there are men who pir
Good run on ft during the coming summer A
drink for the ladies is the West Indian cocktall, «
Just suMcient* head” to ittocheer withoutinebriat
The man who will start a new drink going to k
out the ‘‘rickey’’ will be a real benefactor of (0+
race. BARTENDER
New YORK, May 10.

{the earth

 

 

A Veteran Favors Fatigue Uniform for Parade

TO THE Eprror or THE Sus é
boy" objects to parading on Decoration Day in faugur
uniform and says that the men wantto parade!
thetr dress uniforms. I have my doubts about this
last statement, except possibly in the
erult who makes his first appearance in the parace
May 30, as that day {s likely to be wacm. A

Sir “Doug

case of are

veteran of the Civil War lean say from experience
that the comfort of the men on all oecasions ist

fect to he attained, IT Mardly think that thet) A
will tale offence at being eseorted by the car
National (iuard regiments in fatiqur nif
Fatigue uniform ts far more serviceable so @
fancy dress uintforms now in vogue, andthe mer

much more soldierly
I saw the Seventh Regiment marching up Fil

 

nueon its return home from service at the ¢
Dam strike Inall my expertence | do tt
ever saw A More soidierly looking lot of mer
thetr serviceable gray uniforms and wit f
al@nequipments. They looked, every t
lke soldiers, ready for any work that mig
along

It is eertainiy more pleasing to the mr
thelr ascort uniform’d as they themsrives @

four long years, ready for servicer and

appearance, and not looking like alot of dr
show figures THOMAS Rit K
Late Fifty fAfth Ilinots Voluntee vy

New YoRK, May 12
Bryan and Pettigrew.
From the Giohbe- Democrat.
A 00d suggestion for the Kansas City verests
Bryan and Pettigrew.

notn
Btoc