oe

“The period of suspense is over so |
as Japan is concerned. It is now Russia's
turn to wait.”

Romy, Jan. 8.—The Japanese Admiral

  

JIPAN WILL SEND A REPLY,

 

NEGOTIATIONS WITH RUSSIA NOT
' CALLED OFF.

Emperor Reviews the Garrigon of 10,000
Men at Toklo—Great Britain and
France Maintain Their Esforts to Pree
serve Peace—United States Aloof.

 

special Cable Despatches to THR SUN,

Toxo, Jan. 8—Viscount Katsura, the
Prime Minister; Baron Komura, Mimster
of Foreign Affairs; Gen. Terauchi, Minister
of War; Baron Arasuke, Minister of Finance
and Communications, and Admiral Baron
Yamamoto, Minister of Marine, held a
prolonged conference this afternoon, It
ip understood they began the drafting of
areply to Russia's iast note, and that their
task was not finished.

It is stated that the elder statesmen and
the entire Cabinet will meet the Emperor
to-morrow.

The Emperor, attended by his full staff,
many notables and members of the various
Jegations, this morning reviewed the Tokio
garrison, comprising 10,000 men and ninety-
six guns. The vigor and alertness of the
infantry impressed the foreign critics.

The artillery also made an excellent show-
ing, but the cavalry horses were poor speci-
mens, being mere ponies. The riders,
however, were smart and workmanlike.

The newspapers and the public cofttinue
impatient with the delay in the’ negotia-
tions. The diasatisfaction with the Russian
reply to the Japanese proposals, in the un-
official form commonly accepted by the
people, continues to grow. The indignation
is increased by a reported proposal to trans-
fer the negotiations to St. Petersburg.

The Nichi Nichi, a seni-official organ,
has changed the comparatively calm tone
it has used heretofore and to-day says:
“If Russia cannot restrain her officials,
Japan had better purchase future peace
at the price of a present war.”

Lonpon, Jan. 9.—Nothing
here that would indicate any radical chang?
in the Far Eastern situation, The news-
papers say that Great Britain and France
are still making efforts to preserve peace.
The British and French foreign offices
held prolonged telephone conversations
this afternoan, besides which numerous
telegraphic messages were exchanged.

Count Benckendori’, the Russian Am-
baseador, and Baron Hayashi, the Japanese
Minister, had long separate conversations
to-day with the Marquis of Lansdowne,
Secretary for Foreign Affairs.

Baron Hayashi announced that Russia’s
reply to Japan’s proposals was presented
to the Government at Tokio on Wednesday.
Baron Hayashi refused to indieate the
nature of the reply. He said that definite
action by his Government might be ex-
pected shortly. He added:

is known

Matsuo and two officers have left Naples
for Genoa to take~command of the two
cruisers, Nisshin and Kasaga, which Japan
recently purchased from the Argentine
Republic. They obtained guns for the new
ships at Naples

Genoa, dan. 8.—It is stated that the
Japanese cruisers Nisshin and Kasaga wil
sail at midnight to-night under sealed
orders. The hurried preparations for their
departure have resulted in remarkable oon-
fusion aboard the vessels.

Their cabins are filled with a miscel-
laneous collection of wines, food, rifles
and munitions of war, but their bunkers
are full of coal and their engines are in
gocd shape. Their crews are made up
of Englishmen, Japanese and Italians.

An Englishman, Capt. Lea, commands
the Kasaga, while Capt. Paynter, another
Englishman, commands the Niseshin. All
the officers are British except five, who are
Japanese. Everybody on board ia without
@ uniform,

The engineers are confident of the
cruisers’ ability to outstrip anything in
the Mediterranean. It is understood that
the warships will be joined by two Japan-
ese storeships from England.

Hono Kona, Jan. 8.—Two hundred and
fifty men of the Sherwood Foresters regi-
ment, stationed in the British colony here,
have suddenly been ordered to hold them-
selves in readiness for service. It is be-
lieved their destination is either Peking or
Seoul. a

CarpryF, Wales, Jan. 8—During the
past week 46,000 tons of Welsh steam coal
were shipped to Japan, 40,000 tons to Port
Arthur and 30,000 tons to Hong Kong.
CoLoang, Jan. 8.—A despatch from Ber-
lin to the Frankfurter Zeitung says there
is reason to believe that Russia will acquiesce
in Japan establishing herself in Corea up
to a certain indicated line The Russian
teply is believed to have conceded this.
Lennon, Jan. 9.—-The Daily News prints
what it says is an indisputable, reliable
summary of Russia’s reply to Japan. It
fe go full and cireumstantial as to suggest
the possibility of ita being based on inside
information.

According to the News Russia states,
first, that other Powers besides Japan have
the right to be consulted on the question
of Manchuria, Russia accordingly defers
my undertaking pending further negotia-
tons, o

Second, that in view of the existing un-
satisfactory condition of Corea internally
Russia regards the present moment pre-
Mature for declaring her acquiescence in
the Anglo-Japanese treaty, and she pro-
Poses alternatively the neutralization of
northern Corea.

Third—In reference to her proposed with-
drawal from Yongampho, Russia submits
that her presence there is indispensable
for the preservation of Corea, while in re-
gard to the request that she abandon the
idea of a coaling atation at Masampho, the
ply states that naval exigencies require
the station, and it would be in no way a
Menace to Japan.

The Telegraph prints a St. Petersburg
despatch stating that M. Kurino, the Japan-
* Minister, is persona grata at the Russian
“pital. The Foreign Office admits that he

done everything to preserve peace.

The correspondent interviewed the Min-

tT and asked him if he believed that

was still possible. He readily re-

that he did, adding that Japan did not

war, and he was satisfied that Russia
hot either.

2 the present negotiations when they
faa, summed up merely amounted to the
ae that Japan wished a definition of her
‘ eresta. Even if the Russian reply was
ean stactory it merely meant that the
Cesired definition was not given, and mat-
‘rs remained in statu quo ante, which
“id not necessarily involve war.

M. Kurino pointed out that not only
‘ayn, but the United, States *and ‘nther

rr

  
  

Powers greatly ‘desired that the open-
door policy should be fully and freely
carried out. Japan might be considered
the mouthpiece of the other Powers on
this subject.

When asked if Japan was able to restrain
the war party M. Kurino said she assur-
edly would be able to do so if the defini-
tion of Japan’s interests was obtained.

The correspondent gathered the im-
pression that M. Kurino, like many of his
diplomatic colleagues, is firmly convinced
that if the worst comes the powers will in-
tervene to prevent actual war. He adds
that 0,000 troops are hurrying eastward
over the Siberian Ratiway, and that hasty
orders have been given for extensive sup-
plies of shot and shell.

A despatch to the Times from Paris says
that the Russian reply to Japan is practically
an acceptance of the first agreement reached
by Baron de Rosen, the Russian Minister
at Tokio, and Baron Komura, the Japanese
Foreign Minister, which the Czar previously
rejected on the advice of Admiral Alexieff,
Viceroy of the Far East.

 

RUMOR OF CLASH NOT BELIEVED.

Kobe Hears That Fleets
Together, but——
Special Cable Despatch to TaE Sun.

Lonpon, Jan. 9.—The Daily Express
prints a despatch from Kobe, Japan, saying
that there is a persistent rumor there of a
collision between the Russian and Japanese
fleets in Tsushima Straits. The telegram
breaks off in the middle of a sentence.

The story can probably be dismissed ag
a scare, especially in view of Kobe’s reputa-
tion as a canard factory.

Have Come

OUR FLEET TO STAY AWAY,

Ordered Back to Subig Bay and Won't
Go Near the Seene of War.

WASHINGTON, Jan. 8.—-As a result of
careful consideration given to the question
by the President and the Cabinet at a meet-
ing to-day and at a previous meeting, the
United States Government will not only
observe a strict neutrality in the event
of war between Russia and Japan, but
will remove any possibility of criticism of
its course by withdrawing its fighting
squadron from any point near the scere
of possible conflict. In accordance with
this decision instructions were cabled to-day
by the Secretary of the Navy for Rear
Admiral Evans to proceed from Guam to
Subig Bay, the United States naval station
in the Philippines, not far from Manila,
The battleship and cruiser squadron of
the Asiatic station, under Admiral Evans's
personal command, is due to reach Giuam
to-morrow, and the instructions will be
awaiting him when he arrives.

The instructions to Admiral Evans were
very brief. They read merely: “Proceed
with your whole force to Subig Bay.”

In ordering the fighting force of the
Asiatic fleet to Subig Bay the Administration
has not only had in mind the delicate posi-
tion in which it might be placed in the eyes
of Russia by keeping its warships near the
theatre of naval war, but also the possibility
that through some Rischattos “thts “Gév-
emment, on account of its intimate con-
nection with the Manchurian question,
might become a party to the differences
that have brought Russia and Japan to the
verge of hostilities. It therefore regards it
as the part of wisdom to concentrate its
battleships and cruisers at Subig Bay,
which is one of the most desirable places
for the purpose from a strategic stand-
point in the Far East.

Any preparation that may be necessary
to put the American fleet in condition for
action may be carried on there without
exciting any other nation. But it should
not be lost sight of that the main purpose
of the Government in ordering Admiral
Evans's squadrons to Subig Bay is to show
Russia and Japan and the rest of the world
that the United States intend to mind
their own business and will keep their
warships at home while their neighbors are
fighting out their differences. ,

The Japanese Legation received to-day
from the Foreign Office in Tokio a denial
of the reports, one of which reached the
State Department from an official agent in
Europe, that 35,000 Japanese troops had
been started for Corea, for the purpose of
making a landing in that country. In
regard to the general crisis confronting
Russia and Japan the legation officials
decline to furnish any information, evi-
dently believing that the situation is too
delicate to permit of any comment, except
that itis as grave as ever, The denial by
the Japanese Government of the story about
the sending of troops into Corea indicates,
however, that Japan has not reached the
point where she is willing to admit officially
that war is inevitable or even that the nego-
tiations with Rugsia have come to nothing.

Little hope is ‘held by the authorities of
the Washington Government that war will
be averted. The determination of the
President and his Cabinet to send the Asiatio
fleet back to the Philippines was based on
the assumption that hostilities between
Russia and Japan will not be long delayed.

WANTS MOVE FOR ARBITRATION,

Mr. Slayden Introduces a Resolution Re»
garding Japan and Russia,

WASHINGTON, Jan. 8.—Mr. Slayden (Dem.,
Tex.) introduced a resolution in the House
to-day asking the President to tender hig
good offices or medfation of the United
States to Russia and Japan with relation
to their present dispute and to remind them,
in accordance with The Hague peace con-
vention, that a permanent court of arbitra-
tion is open to them.

 

 

the fact that both countries are signatories
to the peace convention and that the con-
vention made it the duty of the signatory
Powers, if a serious dispute threatens to
break out between two or more of them,

to remind those latter that the court of |

arbitration is open to them.

AFTER SUPPLIES AT

 

MANILA.

Japanese Call for Bids on American Canned
Beef and Hardtack.

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.
MaMILA, Jan. 8.--The newspapers here
publish advertisements asking for bids
for supplying American canned beef, hard-

tack, flour, forage and other staples.
The advertisements are printed under a
Japanese name. This fact, taken in con-

NEW YORK, SATURDAY,

  
  

 

SENATORS ATTACK VALIDITY OF
BUCHANAN’S APPOINTMENT.

Demoerats Contend That He Exceeded His
Authority in Sending a Minister to
Panama Without the Senate’s Consent
and Say He Will Be Held Accountable.

WASHINGTON, Jan, 8.—Senator Morgan’s
hold-up of the confirmation of Mr. William
I, Buchanan as Minister to Panama resulted
in two hours’ debate in executive seasion
of the Senate to-day and developed into a
spirited fight on party lines and ‘opened up
interesting and important questions of law
and precedent. An attack upon the Presi-
dent was made by Messrs. Morgan, Bailey,
Bacon, Pettus, Carmack and Blackburn,
and he was defended by Messrs. Lodge,
Fairbanks, McComas, Cullom and Alison.
The debate ended without a vote, and will
be resumed on Monday immediately after
routine bu. iness.

Mr. Morgan gave as a reason for moving
to reconsider the vote by which Mr. Bu-
chanan was confirmed as Minister on Dec.
17 that the Senate had acted without Mr.
Morgan's knowledge and that he had in-
tended to protest against confirmation.
His objection was that the President had
no right to appoint a Minister to a country
with which the United States had not been
in diplomatic relations until the existence
and independence of such country had
been recognized by Congress.

If Mr. Buchanan was not accredited to
Panama as Minister the President had acted
unconstitutionally and without warrant of
law. Mr. Buchanan was not so accredited,
but was acting in a capacity as “paramount
commissioner” or agent of the President,
and the President had in equal measure

transcended his authority, since the law

The preamble of the resolution recites | Creelman.

   
 
 
 
 
   
   

|

|

|
|

 

gave him no such right of appointment
while the Senate was in session.

Messrs. Lodge and Allison pointed out
precedents for the appointment of Ministers
to governments with which the United States
had not previously had diplomatic relations.
Mr. Allison said that this power was con-
ferred by statute. Mr. Lodge denied that
Mr. Buchanan was accredited to Panama
as Minister, but asserted that he was acting
as an envoy under credentials given him
by the President.

Mr. Bailey made an earmest speech on
the constitutional limitations of the Presi-
dent in appointing Ministers. He held that
the President was impaled on one or the
other horn of a dilemma by his precipitate
action in despatching Mr. Buchanan to
Panama. Ags the Senate had not notified
the President that Buchanan had_ been
confirmed the President had no anthority
to commission him as Minister, yet the
press had announced that Buchanan had
oresented his credentials as a full-fledged

inister and was now acting as such. If
this report was incorrect, and the President
had sent Mr. Buchanan to Panama as an
agent or commissioner to perform diplo-
matio duties, Mr. Bailey affirmed that this
was a gross outrage of the praro ative
of the Senate, which shares with the Presi-
dent the right to choose foreign Ministers.
“If Mr. Buchanan is now acting as Min-
r to-Panama,” said Mr. Bailey, “the
President of the United States has violated
the Constitution and committed a groas
and outrageous act for which we propose
to hold him accountable. If Mr. Buchanan
is acting as an envoy of the President, and
not as a Minister, where is the consiltutional
and lawful authority for such an appoint-
ment made while the Senate is in session?”

Mr. Fairbanks at this point went to the
telephone and inquired of the White House
as to Mr. Buchanan's status at Panama.
He asked whether Buchanan had taken
a commission as Minister, or whether he
was acting us a personal commissioner
of the President. He was informed that
Mr. Buchanan was acting under an ap-
pointment 4s “envoy and agent."

Mr. Fairbanks returned to the Senate
chamber and gave this information to the
Senate without, of course, making it known
that he had communicated with the Preai-
dent. A hurried cull was sent out to all
Republiean Senators to come into the cham-
ber to support a motion entered by Mr.
Lodge to table Mr. Morgan's motion to
reconsider the Buchanan confirmation.
As the debate waxed warm, however, the
Republican Senators decided not to press
Mr. Lodge’s motion until further informa-
tion could be obtained as to the exact status
of Mr. Buchanan and the authority under
which the President had sent him to
Panama.

It was asserted by several Democrats
that an investigation might disclose that
Mr. Buchanan had carried in his pocket
two commissions, one as full fledged Min-
ister to Panama, and the other as an “envoy
andagent.” They demanded that an inves-
tigation be made on this point and also that
the President be asked to inform the Senate
as to the nature of Mr. Buchanan’s cre-
dentials when he arrived at Panama.

Messrs. Carmack, Blackburn, Bacon and
Pettus supported Messrs Bailey and Morgan
in their speeches. All of them used lan-

uage extremely pointed in criticism of the
ident’s action.

The embarrasame nt of the Administra-
tion Senators was sombwhat increased by
the attitude of one or two Senators on their
own side, notably Mr. Spooner, who asked

uestions that brought out clearly the point
the Democrats were peeking to make.
While Mr. Spooner did not indicate any
criticism of the President, he conveyed the
impression to other Republicans that he
was not prepared to indorse fully what the
President had done until he knew more of
the facts.

BRYAN LATE GETTING HOME,

Celtic, Which Carries Him, Not Yet Heard
From Late Last Night.

The White Star liner Celtic, due to bring
William Jennings Bryan into port yester-
day morning, didn't get in yesterday,
Hence the welcome prepared for him didn’t
take place. The delay in the ship’s arrival
was taken advantage of to add three more
names to the reception committee. The
additions ave: Tenement House Commis-
sioner T. C. T. Crain, Albert Shaw and James

 

When the Celtic is reported from the
hook, the committee, now composed of
about sixty members, will go clown to
quaranytpe on a tug and come up the

ay with Mr. Bryan. He will be es-
corted to the Victoria Hotel and in the
evening a yecots ign will be given to him.

All the City Hall flags were hung out
yesterday morning. Mayor Mctlellan was
asked if the display was to mark the
expected coming of Bryan. He replied
that the flags had been hung out to com-
memorate Jackson's victory over the
British at New Orleans.

CHINA GIVES CONCESSION?

SS
Report That Russia Gets Another Rallway
Grant in Manchuria.
Speelal Cable Despatch to THE Sun,
Lonpon, Jan. 9.—A despatch to the

 

junction with the action of’ the Philippines | Morning Post from Chefoo.says that China

Commission, which recently
rebate of duties on goods reship;
Russian or Japanese ports, leads to the
belief that the advertiser is acting for the
Japanese Government, although the Jap-
anese Consul denies any connection with
or knowledge of the matter.

 

Deerfoot Farm Squsages.
Made of the tender meat of dairy fed, fat young
rkers, daintily seasoned with selected s
gue-pound packeae, Beware of im!

anted a} has granted Russia a con”
petition of local merchants asking me | way iron Shinminto, /*
Oo} ant ’

‘on for a rail-
vugh Mukden
iaoyang, to Antuy ,.

Rich Men Made Deputy Sheriffs.
LaRcuMontT, N. Y., Jan. 8.—Sheriff James
S. Merritt of Westchester county, has in-
creased his staff of deputies. He appointed
Mayhew W. Bronson of the Larchmont
Volunteer Fire Department and Frederic
W. Flint. au men are

h wealthy an
Fechting, circles heres"?

PRESIDENT SEVERELY SCORED ot FRIENDLY CAKE OF

a

 

 

 

ustay Stohr Finds It an Uncomfortable
but Useful Ratt.

‘A man buatled into the East Highty-eighth
street station house last evening, and told
the sergeant that Gustav Stohr, a butcher
of 1494 Second avenue, had disappeared.
He said that the butcher had $200 in his
pocket, alao a gold watch and chain. The
sergeant sent out a general alarm

Meanwhile, Stohr was indulging in @
quiet littl elebration. His uncertain
path finally landed him at 107th street and
the East River. Suddenly there was @
splash, and Stohr was overboard. He
called for help, and climbed up on a big
cake of ice floating bx on the tide.

At 106th street there was a coal barge
tied up, Capt. John Olsen, who was on
deck, sdw the cake of ice with the man on
it and had the mate of a neighboring three-
masted schooner eend off a boat with two
men. They brought Stohr ashore.

A Harlem Hospital doctor treated Stohr
and pronounced him 0. K. Then Police-
man Baumbach lugged him off to the East
104th street station, where he was locked
up on a charge of intoxication.

The $200 and the gold watch and chain
were found in hia pockets.

 

WOULD BLOW UP A MILLIONAIRE.

Farmer St. John Caught by a Trap Laid
by Detectives.

KEARNEY, Neb., Jan. 8 —Because he
threatened to blow millionaire banker
George Weisner up with dynamite if he
failed to deposit $25,000 in a designated spot,
William St. John, a farmer living near
Shelton, Neb., was arrested this afternoon.

When captured St. John had a decoy
bag in his hands. Some days ago Meisner
received the letter instructing him to place
$25,000 near a large tree several miles from
town,

The money was to be deposited last night
at midnight. If the demand was not com-
plied with, the letter said, Meisner would
be killed with dynamite.

Some time before midnight armed guards
were placed around the tree. At the proper
time, Meisner drove up with a sack of
paper cut to the size of bills, which he buried
under leaves as directed.

This afternoon 8t. John drove to the
place and was captured with the bag in
his hands.

—_—— +

TWO HOURS IN THE ICY SOUND.

One Man Drowned; His Friend Rescued
Only to Die on Shore.

Rye, N. Y., Jan. 8.—For two hours Leroy
Genung, chief of police of Rye, and his
brother-in-law, August Peterson, clung to
the ice covered bottom of a capsized row-
boat off the American Yacht Club at Rye
on the Sound to-day, and when almost
frazen Peterson dropped out of sight and
did not rise again. His companion was
rescued, but died on reaching the shore,
Genung and Peterson had been out duck
hunting off Scotch Caps in the Sound.
There was considerable ice in that part of
the Sound and it is bélieved an ice floe
upset the boat. The employees at the
yacht club saw them rowing toward the
middle of the Sound, and about an hour
later when Steward Winkler looked across
the Sound he saw the two hunters clinging
to the bottom of the boat, which was almost
two miles out.

“Help, help!” he heard the men shouting,

A club boat manned by sailors went to
the rescue, but it was a long row, and when
help was only a hundred yard@away, Peter-
son, whose body was covered with ice,
lost his hold and disappeared. His body
has not yet been found. Chief Genung,
though his hands were covered with ice,
managed to hold fast to the boat until the
rescuers reached him.

He had suffered so much from exposure
that he died in the clubhouse without regain-
ing his senses sufficiently to tell how the
accident happened.

GRABS WOMEN ABOUT THE NECK,

Weak Minded Young Man in Flushing
Watched by the Police.

The police of the Flushing precinct are
watching a young man who is said to be
weak minded, with a view of connecting
him with three peculiar attacks on women
here this week. The first attack was on
Sunday evening, the next on Monday,
and the latest on Tuesday.

The one which occurred on Monday
night did not becomes knownto the police
until last night. Then Miss Lillian Lind-
holm, a daughter of Frederick Lindholm
of Burling avenue,.approached a policeman
who was on his beat and pointed out a
young man as one who had attacked her
on Monday night. The officer knew the
man but made no arrest. He escorted
the young woman to the’ end of his beat
and then watched her until she reached
her destination.

Miss Lindholm’s story was similar to
stories told by Miss Mary Dunning and
Miss Agnes Lennon. The experience of the
former was on Sunday night and Miss
Lennon’s on Tuesday. Fach has told the
police she was followed by a man who
would close up and grab her about the neck,
chcke her and then throw her heavily to
the ground and run away. Fach suffered
more from fright than from the violence
used. The man pointed out by Miss Lind-
holm answers in a way the descriptions
given by the others. The police are now
watching the suspect, hoping to catch him
in another attack.

WOMAN STARVED TO DEATH.

No Food in the House and No Fuel During
the Zero Weather.

Patrick Keegan, a husky young man,
hurried into the East Eighty-eighth street
station house yesterday afternoon and
asked Sergt. Boyle to send a doctor around
to 123 East Highty-eighth street, as his
sister, Mrs. Mary McEvoy, was very sick.
The sergeant sent Policeman McKenna
to investigate.

The officer found an emaciated woman
lying on the floor covered with some ragged
coverlets. Sitting beside her on a chair,
the only article of furniture in the room,
except a lamp, was the woman's old mother,
Mrs. Mary Keegan.

The policeman called an ambulance.
When Dr. Hains of the Presbyterian Hos-

ital arrived he said that . Mckvoy
fad been dead for several minutes.

Mrs. McEvoy and her young daughter,
May, had been living with . Keegan
for about three weeks. During the recent
cold snap they had not been able to buy
fuel to keep them warm. There wae no
food in the rooms when the policeman
arrived.

May McEvoy, the sixteen - year - old
daughter of the dead woman, is eaperect’y
the sole support of the ney works

 

 

 

 

 

lesgirl in a d a store.
Kees an, her whole, is ae ping big f
of obo ptesibixka,

   
 

 

a = = —— =

DYING, ACCUSED W, A. CLARK.

SENATOR'S AGENT IN ARIZONA
COMMITS SUICIDE.

 

 

Mind Supposed to Have Been Affected
—He Leaves Letter Accusing the
Senator With Reference to Leglse
lative Deale—The Senator Surprised,

JEROME, Ariz., Jan. 8.—A difference over
salary and of opinion concerning labor
unions lost Senator W. A. Clark one of his
most faithful servants to-day. Henry J.
Allen committed suicide by shooting.
Since 1892 Allen had been financial agent
representing Clark in charge of the great
United Verde mine, its stores and boarding
houses, and the United Verde and Pacific
Railroad.

Till last year the actual superintendent
of the mine and smelter had been G. L
Giroux, who received a salary of $6,000
® year and a commission on output that
brought his income up to $15,000. Till a
few years ago Allen had received only
$6,000. He resigned, and was called back
at $0,000. On Giroux’s departure he asked
for $12,000 and it was refused. Three days
ago W. J. Clark, a Butte mining man, and
no relation of the Senator, arrived to suc-
ceed Allen.

Allen strongly objected to Clark’s union-
izing the mine, saying it took the manage-
ment from his hands. He was irritated as
well because Clark refused him permission
to build a library and amusement room for
the miners, after the plan so successfully
followed by Phelps, Dodge & Co.

Allen generally managed to accomplish
his ends politically. About his only slip
was hia admission at a session of the Terri-
torial Legislature that he had come to
Phoenix to “buy mules” and as that Legis-
lature defeated the tax upon bullion, it
has since been known as “the Mule Legis-
mt le of h All

nly a couple of months ago en suc-
ceeded in getting the Vevapal county Beard
of Supervisors to scale down by 30 per
cent. an assessment of $1,200,000 on the
United Verde.

Though he spent millions for Clark his
accounts have n found right to a cent.

The acceptance of his resignation affected’

Allen deeply.

Ho compiled a five page letter to the
Senator and had a few copies made for
friends. In this communication he_ is
said to have detailed with bitter exact-
ness a large number of transactions that
are generally held as secrets by financiers.
There was much abuse, with charges in
reference to legislative deals. Much space
is given to the labor question, with refer-
ence to Clark’s fight on unions in Montana
and his yielding to the union in Arizona.

A copy of the letter is not available this
evening, but it is underatood that it is to
be made public,

_It is probable that Allen has not been in
his right mind for the last week. It has
been necessary to have two attendants
with him, and he was taken to his ranch
in the Verde Valley, ten miles from Jerome,
in the hope that he would improve out of
sight of the mine that had been so much
to him.

He managed to evade his watchers, how-
ever, and to secure arevolver. Allen leaves
a widow, twosons and two daughters. He
leaves an estate and no debts, with $43,000
life insurance. He wasa native of Louisiana
and about 50 years old. His mining edu-
cation was gained in Montana, where for
several years he was in Clark’s employ be-
fore coming to Arizona.

 

Senator Clark, who is recovering from
the effects of a severe illness, when seen
at his home in West Fifty-eighth street
last night, said:

“IT cannot imagine what charges Allen
has made against me. But if he was insane,
as. your despatch suggests, he might have
said anything.

“Our relations have been most friendly
for along time. Allen was in my employ as
a bookkeeper in Montana for three or four
rare. About nine years ago I transferred

im to Arizona, where he was the head of
the clerical department and the general
purchasing agent of the United Verde
Jopper Company.

“He was an all round valuable man, He
had an interest in the company; his salary
was $700 a month, and he owned a ranch.
It couldn’t have been lack of prosperity
that drove him to suicide,

“Neither can I imagirie any domestic
trouble that would have caused this tragedy.
Allen was yery fortunate and happy in his
family affairs. He had a wife, several chil-
dren and two grandchildren, Qne of his
Hauahiere married a postmaster in Arizona.

“In the latter part of November I re-
ceived a letter from Allen in which he ten-
dered his resignation and said that he
would like to get through on Jan. 1. I
asked him what the trouble was. He re-
plied that there was no trouble and no
dissatisfaction, but that he had received
a very flattering offer from a mining com-
pany in Mexico and wanted to accept it.

“I asked him to stay until Feb. 1, 80 as
to give me time to get a competent man
down there to succeed him and he agreed
to do so.”

James A. McDonald of this city, the vice-
president of the United Verde Copper
company, left for Jerome, Ariz.,on Sunday,
and was due there on Thursday night.
Senator Clark said he had no reason to
believe that Allen’s accounts were not
absolutely straight.

“Allen wae a Republican,” said the Sen-
ator, “and, #0 far as his party affiliations
were concerned, was Gppoeed to me, but he
was never active in politics.”

A FOX HUNT IN SCOOTERS.

Reynard Doubled and Eluded the Men
Who Chased Him on Icy Bay.

Fasteort, L. I., Jan. 8—A fox hunt in
ioe boate is the latest sporting story brought
to life by the recent few hours of mild
weather which permitted Daniel Homans
and Jorfhua Ketcham to get to this place
from East Bay in their scooters, a combi-
nation ice and gu'l beat.

While én their way across the half frozen
bay these men szy, they surprised a fox
fishing from one of the ice floes. They
turned their scooters toward the fox and

ave chase. There was a good breeze
Fowing, and as the fox scampered off,
leaping from one floe to another, making
for the mainland, the scooters scooted over
ice floes and through the water in an en-
deavor to head him off.

At a wide breach in the ice the fox was
compelled to make a detour to reach the
land dryshod, and for a few minutes the
men in the scooters felt sure of getting him.
poms, the wily fox halted and tacked
back as if to get to the mainland in another
direction. Instantly both scooters went
about.

No sooner had the men faced the other
way than the fox wheeled about and re-
sumed his original course to the mainland,
which he gained in safety, with the sports-
men a few yards behind.

“QUICK OR DEAD” HERO DEAD,

 

He Was Jack Pleasants, a Cousin of Amelie
Rives.

RicHMOND, Va., Jan. 8.—Jack Pleasants
is dead here of pneumonia. Years ago he
became known to fame as the hero of “The

uick or The Dead,” written by Amelie

ives, whose cousin he was.

During the boom period in Virginia, while
the town of Glasgow was being built, he
was private secretary to Gen. Fitzhugh Lee.
In later years he was deputy olerk to the
United States District Court here under his
father, Mathew J. Pleasanta.

 
  
 

  
  

OS) O8OOO OO eee

 

 

UT GOWNS.

 

Orders Two Ladies of the Diplomatic Corps
Not to Wear Them.
Specias Cable Despatch to Tun SuN.

Lonpon, Jan. 9.--The Rome correspond-
ent of the Telegraph says that. the Pope
has notified the dean of the diplomats
accredited to the Vatican that no lady wish-
ing to be regarded as a good Catholic
shall henceforth appear in a décolleté
gown at any gathering where Cardinala
or prelates are present. The order applies
specially to the ladiea of the diplomatic
body, whoge chagrin can scarcely be con-
cealed.

Some of them come as near as possible
to rebellion and threaten to stay at home.

HARRISON TACKLES JEROME.

His Advice Incendiary, Gays the Mayer of
Chicago.

Curoaao, Jan. 8.—Mayor Harrison paid
his respects to-day to District Attorney
Jerome of New York for his eriticiam of
the Chicago officials,

Mr. Jerome's advice that the police should
beat thugs, whether they resist arrest or
not, and bring them into the station in
fragments, caused Mr. Harrison to be-
come indignant.

“That is nice advice to come from a
law-enforcing official,” said the ex-Gov-
ernor. “Mr. Jerome's idea is that when
the police arrest a man they should pro-
ceed on the theory that he has resisted
arrest and proceed to hammer him to
pieces on this pretence.

“Maybe it is all right for advice of this
incendiary kind to come from the ordi-
nary citizen, but when a representative
of the law gives it, it sounds strange, to
say the least.”

VAUDEVILLE IN A PALACE.

Society People to Give a Show in Mrs. Jack
Gardner’s House.

Boston, Jan. 8.—Vaudeville is to invade
the Venetian palace in the Back Bay fens
owned by Mrs. Jack Gardner, but the
two performances which are to be given
are to be participated in only by amateurs,
and the audience is to be composed solely
of society people.

The entertainments will be given on
the afternoons of Feb. 4 and 6, and the pro-
ceeds will be turned over to the Society
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children.

Mrs. Gardner has offered the use of the
music room in Fenway Court for the shows,
The staging of the performances and the
dancing, in which many people well known
in society will take part, are in charge of
Miss Florence, a Back Bay amateur of
experience,

ADMIRAL COOK VERY SICK,

He Is Taken From Annapolis te Philadel-
phia for Treatment,

AnnaPouis, Md., Jan. 8.—Admiral Francis
A. Cook, who commanded the Brooklyn in
the fight off Santiago during the war with
Spain, and who is extremely ill with an
affection of the heart, left Annapolis this
morning for Philadelphia, where he will
receive the attention of Dr. 8. Weir Mitchell.

Admiral Cook has the affection and re-
spect of a large circle of friends here. The
departure from Annapolis was arranged
through Admiral Cook's lifelong friend,
Rear Admiral Charles E. Clark, retired,
who commanded the Oregon in its record-
breaking trip around Cape Horn and later
in the battle of Santiago, and the patient
will stay at the home of Admiral Clark
while in Philadelphia.

LOW NOT TO GO TO BERLIN.

Rumor That He Would Succeed Ambassador
Tower Is Denied.
Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN.
BERLIN, Jan. 8.—It is rumored here that
Charlemagne Tower, the American Ambas-
sador to Germany, will shortly be trans-
ferred to another post and that he will be
succeeded here by former Mayor Seth Low

 

 

 

 

 

of New York.

In reply to an inquiry by the correspon-
dent of THE Sun, Mr. Tower said that he was
not aware of any grounds for this report.

WASHINGTON, Jan. 8.—It was authorita-
tively denied at the White House to-day
that the President expects to rocall Am-
bassador Charlemagne Tower from Berlin
and to appoint Seth Low in his place |

OFFERS $5,000 FOR SPECIAL CAR.

'
George C. Boldt, Jr., Couldn’t Get Here
Before His Mother Died.

IrHaca, N. Y., Jan. 8.—George C. Boldt,
Jr., son of the proprietor of the Waldorf- |
Astoria hotel, last night made a vain effort
to reach New York city before death over-
took Mrs. Boldt. Shortly after the train
had left Ithaca he received a telegram |
saying:

“Your mother is dying, come at once.”

The son, who is a junior in Cornell, re-
cently returned from a trip with the musical
clubs of which he is assistant manager.
He was ill in bed and threatened with pneu-
monia when the news reached
offered $5,000fora 5

|
'

him. He
jal train that would
carry him to New York, but was unable to
get an engine and car. He left Ithaca this
morning, but soon after his departure a
telegram came announcing it was too late.

 

JOHN A. STEWART COMPLAINS.

Secretary Says the Police Bother Him
About Snow on His Sidewalk.

A man who said he was secretary for |
John A. Stewart, the banker, who lives
at 125 East Thirty-seventh street, went to
the East Thirty-fifth street police station |
last night and said that Mr. Stewart was |
being annoyed by the police about snow |
being on the sidewalk in front of his home.
“Why there is more snow on the side-

\

 

walk in front of this station than in front of
Mr. Stewart's house,” said the secretary.

The sergeant explained that the police
wouldn't annoy Mr. Stewart if he kept his
sidewalk clear. A policeman who was
sent around to the house reported that there
was no snow on the sidewalk. The cop on
post said: “Well, there has been.”

 

LIFE NOT WORTH A WHIPPING.

Young Girl Who Stayed Out Late Tries
to Cut Her Throat,

Margaret Jacobson, 15 y ears old, of 133 |
Dikerman street, Brocklyn, attempted sui- |
cide by cutting her throat with her father’s |
razor last night. Margaret has been stay-
ing out late nights, and her mother, who
has often reprimanded her, whipped her
last night.

The slight wound was dressed by an
ambulance surgeon, and then Margaret
was locked up in the children’s society
rooms on the charge of attempted suicide.

 

Taft Salls for Home.
Special Cable Despatch to Tas SUN,
YoxouaMa, Jan. 8.—William H. Taft,
ox-Governor of the Philippi ies, sailed to-
day for the United States. (

 

SaToRDAY, JANUARY 9, 1906.
Fair to-day and to-morrow; northwest

   
 
 

to west winds, “a

 
   

 

13TH DISTRICT LEADERS WANT
AIM FOR THEIR CANDIDATE,

 

And if He Accepts He'll Give Representa+
tive F. Burton Harrison the Fight ef
His Life—Might Have Run Before,
but Wouldn’t Be a Carpet Bagger.

Cornelius Vanderbilt will be chosen as
the Republican candidate for Congress from
the Thirteenth district. The district
leaders have made up their minds to offer
the nomination to him, and all that now
remains to make Mr. Vanderbilt the candi-
date is his acceptance of the nomination

when it is offered to him.
/

Mr. Vanderbilt has not yet been sounded
as to whether he will accept, but he will
be in the next few days. The friends of
both Senator Nathaniel Elsberg and James
R. Sheffield, who was Fire Commissioner
under Mayor Strong, are trying to get the
nomination for one of these two, but it
has already been settled that if Mr. Vander-
bilt will take the nomination he can have tt.

One of the Assembly district leadere anid
last night that the only fear they hed
Mr. Vanderbilt might not fall in with
plan to nominate him was that he might
not to care to fight Francis Burton Harrison,
who is now the Democratic representative
of the district. Mr. Harrison was at Yale
with Mr. Vanderbilt. They roomed to-
gether and are the closest of friends.

It is likely, though, that the district leaders
have no need for fear on this score. Room-
mate or not, Mr. Vanderbilt would like
nothing better than to make a political
fight with Mr. Harrison, and, if he won,
would regard it as one of the red letter
events of his life to have defeated the col-
lege companion who has taken sides against
him 1n polities.

Cornelius Vanderbilt is the only member
of his family who has ever shown a liking
for public life, He has often told his friends
that he believed it to be the duty of young
men of wealth to go into public life more
actively than as contributors to political
funds.

He has consistently attended the
primaries in the{districts in which he has
lived in his migrations up and down town
between upper Fifth avenue and Washing-
ton Square. In 1900 he went to the Re-
publican State convention at Saratoga
as a delegate and he was a delegate to the
Republican city convention in 1903.

Tn 1900 he was asked to run for the Agsem-
bly in the Fifth district, but declined, on
the ground that he had not earned the nomi-
nation. More than once since a Congress
nomination has been offered to him.

When Perry Belmont made his memora-
ble fizzle in the Seventh Congress distriet
in 1901 a good deal of pressure was brought
on Mr. Vanderbilt to run against him,
Mr. Vanderbilt declined because, as he said,
he did not want to go into that or any other
district as a “carpet bagger.”

Mr. Vanderbilt admitted then that he
would like to go to Congress, but said that
if he could not represent the district in
which he lived he would prefer to stay
away from Congress. In the Thirteenth
district he has his home, so the objection
he made then will not hold good now.

He has held office as a Civil Service Com-
missioner under Mayor Low since January,
1901, and was most assiduous in attending
the meetings of the board, which were held
two and three times a week. President
Ogden of the board publicly stated that Mr.
Vanderbilt was one of its hardest working
members. He resigned the commissioner-
ship when he was ordered by his doctors
to take a trip abroad after he had recovered
from typhoid fever.

While the Thirteenth Congression dis-
trict is now represented by a Democrat
it is normally a Republican district, With ’
Mr. Vanderbilt as the candidate, Republican
leaders of the district said last night they
had no doubt that they could successfully
carry the district next fall.

 

SIX STUDENTS SUSPENDED
For Hazing at Wesieyan—Sophs Protest
Against Action.

New Haven, Conn., Jan. 8.—President
Raymond of Wesleyan University, Middle+
town, announced to-day the suspension of

| six members of the sophomore class for

violence at the initiatory ceremonies on
the night of Dec. 15, when the two secret
societies of the university were taking in
members.

The whole sophomore class is in rebellion
against the action of the president. The
suspended students are Frank H. Sigrett,
Montelair, N. J.; Arthur K. Dearborn, Mid-
dletown; Conn.; Arthur J. Hanlon, Canaan,
Conn.; Clarence E. Hancock, Syracuse,
N. Y.; Ralph M. Cole, Cottonville, N. ¥., and
Arthur J. Monroe, Brattleboro, Vt,

The sophomores met to-day and adopted
resolutions protesting against the decision
of the faculty.

At the initiation an attempt was made to
remove py force Frank B. Taylor of Cam-
bridge, Mass., a freshman and faothball
player, rrom his room to initiate him. Tay-
or notified the students that he would not
stand for any horseplay and fired a re-
volver to frighten the sophomores as they
approached, :

Vhey made a dive for faylor’s barri-
eadeddoor. Then, it is said,’ aylor, in brae-
ing himself against the door, accidentally
plunged a screwdriver through the panel
and it struck against the right temple and
eye of Howard M. Richard, son of the Pre-
siding Elder of the Methodist\Chureh for
the New Haven district. Seniors then in-
terfered and stopped the hazing.

Richard is still at his home in this city
under medical treatment, and may loge the
sight of his right eye.

PROFESSORS IN TROUBLE,

May Have to Stand Trial for Distilling in
a Laboratory.

Cutcaco, Ill, Jan. 8—Unless Prof.
Charles Horton, distiller and rectifier of
the Columbus laboratories, and United
Staies Commissioner A. D, Solomon, who
lectured on governmental laws in the
laboratory, decide to compromise with
the United States Internal Revenue De-
partment by making a suitable cash pay-
ment, they may be held for the Federal
Grand Jury to scand trial on the charge of
displaying the sign of a distiller and mak-
ing a mash fit for distillation in @ place
ciher than a duly authorized distillery.

When the cases of the five instructors
and directors of the Columbus laboratories
were called before United States Com:
missioner Foote to-day it was announcec
that Prof. J. A. Wesener, Dr. W. A. Evans
and Dr. A. Gohremann, bacteriologist, had
decided in favor of a compromise, and they
escaped further prosecution, ’

The defendants do not deny that there was
atechnical violation of the revenue laws,
but take tHe ground that the same offence
ia being practised in every college and
laboratory in the United States.

\ Faia

 

\