—— nn ne

 

ce

VOL. LXXVII.—NO. 204.

  

 

VENPECTATION THAT SHEENAN
WILL WITHDRAW.

 

Caucus Will Be Held on Monday Night
Assurances to Insurgents That No
Advantage Will Be Taken of Them
~@heehan’s Attitade Misunderstood?

Avpany, March 22.—A second caucus
of Democratic Senators and Assemblymen
has been called for next Monday night
to consider again the nomination of a
candidate for United States Senator. The
manner in which the proceedings of this
caucus will be conducted will determine
whether it will produce a minority of
sufficient strength to prevent the election
of a Democratic United States Senator
should he be nominated through a dicker
with the present insurgent minority of
twenty-seven Democrats

Judging from the private conversations
of Gov. Dix and Speaker Frisbie this
eecond caucus is predicated on the expec-
tation that William F. Sheehan will send
a letter to the caucus worded in such a
manner as will virtually lead to his elimi-
nation as a candidate.

Ashley T. Cole, Mr. Sheehan's secretary,
who isin Albany to-night, when he learned
that Gov. Dix and Speaker Frisbie con-
fidentially were telling their friends that
Monday night's caucus would get a letter
from Mr. Sheehan in which he practically
would withdraw as a candidate for Sena-
tor, said

“I know that Mr. Sheehan will not with-
draw under any circumstances, and this

it is to-night.”

Senator Thomas H. Cullen of Brooklyn
issued a call for a second caucus of Demo-
cratic legislators to convene at 9:30 o'clock
on Monday night, following a three min-
ules conference this afternoon in the
Assembly parlor, which passed a resolu-
tion directing Senator Cullen as chairman
of the joint caucus committee of the
Democratic legislators to do so.

This conference was attended by all
of the Democratic Senators and Assem-
biymen, including the insurgents, as
well as the Independence League mem-
bers. The conference was called to
order by Speaker Frisbie, the caucus
resolution was offered by Majority Leader
Wagner of the Senate, was seconded by
Majority Leader Smith of the Assembly
and was promptly adopted by a viva
voce vote without comment from any
quarter. There was not
the insurgents. They were all on hand
emiling and apparently’ contented The
proceedings of the conference bore all
the earmarks of a unanimity among
Democratic legis!ators apparent for the
frat time since Mr. Sheehan became
the Democratic caucus candidate for
United States Sonator.

Gov. Dix had explained to Senator
Franklin D. Roosevelt and the other
insurgents with whom he talked that it
was necessary that a conference of Demo-
cratic legislators should pass a resolu-
tion directing a second caucus to be
called before one could be held. Gov.
Dix and the members of his cabinet havea
further told Senator Roosevelt and his
brother insurgents that if they will
attend Monday night's caucus they will
not be tricked into a caucus binding them
io a nominee for Senator not to their

Senator Roosevelt and the other in-

surgen's also have been assured by Gov. banking firms ho io | t Kallenber ¢ Sc dt d been
’ J 2 g rms who are anxious to have .
. : t atienber i Sham ee
Dix that suet ‘ iit tal tt ha & h had n

coucus before a nominee for Senator is
selected as will cause the retirement of

ance with the statement in Mr. Sheehan's
‘ast declaration on this question follow-
ing Goy
abandon him It was pointed out here
to-nigh’ that Goy. Dix may have mis-
construed that declaration of Mr. Sheehan.
He has told his friends that a vote will be
tacen at the caucus Monday night which
will demonstrate to Mr. Sheehan that a

majority of the caucus, or 59 members,
ire pot now in favor of him for Senator
Mr Sheehan in his answer to Gov. Dix
siid that he would retire as a candidate
for Senator only when a majority of the

caucus showed that they favored some
other candidate, not when a majority
showed onte that they did not favor him.
In other words, Mr. Sheehan has insisted
heat his nome shall be voted on as a candi-

date foy Senator in the caucus until a
majority of the caucus vote for him or
for some other candidate

Some of the insurgents entered to-day's
conference with trepidation, despite the |

fact that Senator Roosevelt assured them

that he had a positive promise that no
altemnp! would he made to take advantage
of them and that they would not be asked
'o support as the nominee for Senator

el her Mr. Sheehan, Mr. Cohalan or De
Lar cey Nicoll
To-day'’s conference was the result
4 hurried trip to New York city yes-
\erday alternoon of emissaries of Gov.

‘ to Charles F. Murphy. In New
‘ork culy late tast night Mr. Murphy
onferred with State Superintendent of
Public Works Charles F, Treman, Speak er
Daniel) Frisbie and Winfield A, Hup-
puch, representing the Governor, and
“ith Jonn H. McCooey of Kings, William
H Fitzpatrick of Erie, Attorney-General
‘aemody and Daniel F. Cohalan, repre-
Fenting State organization. Goy.
Iix's triends returned to Albany from
‘ew York on the midnight express and
'eported to him at the Executive Chamber
r § rhorning

fhe announcement for this atternoon's
‘nerence was made at the conclusion
‘I the joint ballet for Senator to-day.

of

\

the

Wade @& surprise to all except perhaps
\ doven of the legislative leaders

e for the conference was fixed

a Teele held in the Speaker's room
ore © legislative session to-cay,
foeut.-Goy. ‘Thomas Conway, Ma

Jeaders Robert Fo Wagner and
omiih and Assemblyman James
chairman of the Assembly
lee, were present
gents were loath to-night
heir position asa resull of their |
hay today's conference and tak-
u i the deliberations resulting
nyoof another caueus on the
st Senatorship While there
PP WES SPE Gis PI OOF
bh is ver nourishing
ONS CO, 138 Pulton at, N.Y.

NEW CAUCUS FOR U. 8, SENATOR!

a

will be his position on Monday night

Dix's letter urging legislators toj

 

 

were voluntarily present when the reso-
lution was carried.

Senator Roosevelt, when asked what
it all meant after the conference had
oe said he did not know himself
yet.

“Do the insurgents intend to attend the
caucus on Monday night?” Senator Roose- ;
velt was asked.

“Well, I don't know yet,” he replied.

“When will you know?” ;

“Oh, by Monday perhaps, but I won't |
know definitely until 9:25 o’clook Monday |
night.” |

Another insurgent expressed the belief
that two-thirds of the insurgents would
attend the caucus and that its delibera-
tions would be such that they could abide
by it. A third insurgent insisted that
even though he would attend the caucus,
if any attempt was made to hoodwink the
insurgents he would leave at once, and so
would the other insurgents. This in-
surgent said to-night:

“We have been aseured that we will be
offered no chestnuts at Monday night's
caucus and that we will not be asked to
support any man for Senator not to our
liking. We have not suggested any par-
ticular man we would stand for, knowing
that he would not be accepted, nor do we
expect any of the candidates for whom
the insurgents have been voting during the
last nine weeke will have achance. But if
they attempt to put anything over on us
the caucus will be minus ita insurgents in
a jiffy.”

One could not talk with an insurgent
Democratic legislator to-night without
reaching the conclusion that some one
had guaranteed them that if they will at-
tend the cavcus Monday night nothing
will be done to displease them or jar their
feelings. Whether the man or set of men
responsible for these promises can carry
thém out only the result of Monday
night's caucus will show.

There was no material change in the
balloting for United States Senator to-
day. There were 186 votes cast, with
Mr. Sheehan lacking only 13 votes of being
elected. This was the vote in detail:
Sheehan, 81; Littleton, 10; Kernan, 9;
O'Brien, 4; Hopper, 2; Glynn, Parker,
Sulzer, Carlisle and Boody, 1 each; De-
pew, 75.

EHRICH BROS. BOUGHT OUT.

United Dry Goods Co. Purchases the Stock
-—J. 8. Enrich to Retire.

The United Dry Goods Company, which
is the H. B. Claflin corporation, has bought
the stock of the store of Ehrich Bros. on
Sixth avenue, between Twenty-second
and Twenty-third streets. The purchase
did not include the store of fixtures. The
building is five stories high, with a floér
area of 33,000 square feet a floor. This
statement given out at the Ehrich store
yesterday:

“J. 8S. Ehrich, who has for many years
conducted the business of Ehrich Bros.
at Sixth avenue, between Twenty-sec-
ond and Twenty-third streets, is retiring
from active business. His stock of mer-
chandise has been sold to John Claflin.

“The property and fixtures have not
been disposed of. It is Mr. Ehrich's in-
tention to lease these, and he is at present
considering a number of applications to
lease that have already been received.
Mr. Ehrich retires from business for the
reason that he is now 53 years old, and hav-
ing been in active business for forty years
he feels that he is entitled to a long rest.”

The statement added that Mr. Ehrich
“is a great art connoisseur and has the
| finest collection of carved ivories to be
;found in the country.” It told of his
| hunting lodge in the Adirondacks and
lwaid thet he has “had offers from several

 

him join them, but he has not decided
what he will do in the future.”
Mr. Ehrich started work in the firm when

! store was on Kig>th avenue

SHELLS FOR AEROPLANES.

 

| sir Hiram Macim Takes Up Aerial War
With Grahame-White.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN
LONDON, Merch 22.--Sir Hiram Maxim,
who has just resigned from the directorate
of Vicker'’s Sons & Maxim, proposes hence-
| forth to devote his energies to the develop-
ment of military aeroplanes, which he
isays all governments will need during the
next few years. Sir Hiram is to collabo-
rate with Claude Grahame-White in the
production of an aeroplane which he
believes will answer all the requirements
of the British War Office. Blériot, the
French manufacturer of aeroplanes, may
‘ also become associated with Sir,Hiram and
| Grahame-White and a new company will
ultimately be formed to manufacture
military aeroplanes.

The armament of the machines will be
| left to Maxim, who is now turning his at-
| tentton to the production of an aerial shel!

which can safely be handled and wil! be

| immune from explosion in the event of an
accident to the aeroplane but which can
be exploded when dropped in the midst
jof an enemy ;
Sir Hiram believes that the new busi-
ness in which he is about to embark is
more important than any other which
jhe has ever undertaken. .

 

 

CORNELL STUDENT FINED #%20.

| He Made ‘Too Much Noise Firing a Revol-
! ver at the Spring Celebration.

 

+NEW

;eaid to be the husband of the alleged
| Countess, was served with a summons

}ton who signed himself C. W. Schmidt

[sazt

YORK, THURSDAY,

rae no roll call on the adoption of he GBT DEATH CLAIM SWINDLERS!

 

A COUNTESS IN HER MANSION,
BUTLER AT THE PHONE.

 

U.S. Inspector Raids Big House in Hunt-
ington and Then Arrests 8. 8. Howe
land's Servant—Getting Cash From
Relatives of the Dead the Game.

The trail of the band of swindlers who
have been getting easy money by care-
fully scanning death notices and demand-
ing from relatives of dead persons cash
due on fictitious claims against estates
led United States Postal Inspector John
N. Parsons last night to the home of Sam-
uel S. Howland at 43 East Forty-ninth
street. There he arrested Mr. Howland's
butler, Bertie Kallenberg, as the man
who sent out the ewindling letters under
the name of C. W. Schmidt. Mr. Howland
is a brother-in-law of August Belmont
and president of the Washington Jockey
Club.

Farlier in the day Inapector Parsons
and Deputy Marshal Proctor of Brook-
lyn arrested in a big house at Hunting-
ton, L. I., Anna Oxenstein, who says she's
a Countess, and Louis Soundheim, who
also lived in the house and who Anna
Oxenstein says is her brother. All three
prisoners are charged with using the mails
to defraud and will be arraigned before
Judge Chatfield in the United States Cir-
cuit Court in Brooklyn at 10:30 o'clock
this morning. Gustav Oxenstein, who is

Deen eS

yesterday and will be in court to-day.
Last December somebody in Hunting-

began sending out letters, of which one
received by Mrs. Martin J. Hynes of
2?4 Troy street, Brooklyn, was a sample.
It told Mra. Hynes that her husband, who
had died a few days before, had paid $¥
toward a Bible that he had arranged to
buy from Schmidt and asked her to remit
6 that was atilldue. Mrs. Hynes, knowing
that Mr. Hynes had not agreed to buy
any Bible, sent the letter to the Post Office
authorities Then Inspector Parsons
started out on his hunt.
inspector himself answered
Schmidt's letter to Mrs. Hynes, using
her name, and found that it and other
letters in the correspondence that fol-
lowed were being delivered at the home
of Mrs. Anna Oxenstein at Huntington
Terrace, two miles from the Huntington
railroad station. In order to get the sig-
nature of the recipient of the letters the
inspector sent Schmidt one that was
registered. It was signed for in Schmidt's
pame by Mrs. Oxenstein in the presence
of the rural mail carrier who delivered it.
The inspector also learned that Mrs.
Oxenstein was the owner of the house
| where she lived and from which the
; swindling letters were sent. When he
{went to the house yesterday he found
| what in those parts is called a mansion.
Four hunting dogs lay on the lawn as the
inspector walked up the drive with
Deputy Marshal Proctor. They found
Anna Oxenstein at home and arrested
her. She told them she had done no
| Wrong and was a Countess. They re-
plied that she was charged with being an
| accomplice of Schmidt.
“But his name is not Schmidt,” said the
“It's Bertie Kallenberg.”
They quizzed her further and learned

| Countess.

| working for several weeks as a butler
in the home of SamuelS. Rowland. Pock-
eting that

in the house, as another accomplice of
| ennee and took both prisoners to
Brooklyn to be locked up.

Last night Inspector Parsons went
alone to find the butler. He found him
jat Mr. Howland’s home just getting into
‘his livery preparing to serve dinner
Before the inspector made himself known
to the butler there came a telephone call
for Schmidt, or Kallenberg. ‘The inapec-
tor stood beside his quarry as he talked
over the telephone. According to the
inspector the man at the other end of
the wire was Gustav Oxenstein, husband
of the countess, and he was telling the
butler that he'd better clear out, as the
police were after him. When the butler
turned away from the telephone he was
arrested. The inspector got a policeman
to help him take the prisoner to the East
Fifty-first street police, station, where he
was locked up.

Gustav Oxenstein, according to In-
spector Parsons, has been running a mail
order scheme under the name of the Ago
Company at the Huntington house. The
company advertised a preparation for
taking stains out of linen and the Govern-
ment wants to ask him about his methods.

A man who described himself as Count
Gustav Oxenstierna was married at the
Church of the Transfiguration on Decem-
ber 19, 1907, to Miss Anna Sundberg, a
masseuse from Stockholm, The Count
announced that he had resigned a com-
mission as Lieutenant in the King's Guard
of Sweden and come to America with
$700 to makg his fortune. He cabled for
Miss Sundberg when he got a job with
‘an insurance company and they were

 

 

MARCH 28 :
STRIKERS JUST GIVE UP. KISSING PRINCIPAL ONLY FINED

 

: information they arrested
Mr Sheehan as a candidate in accord-|he was 13 years old, and when the old| ouyis Soundheim, whom they also found |

 

 

 

Manhattan Men Vote to Go Back to Best
Jobs They Can Get To-day.

The Manhattan contingent of the
Adams Express strikers met late yester-
day afternoon at Curry's Hall, 147 East
Forty-seventh street, and declared their
strike off unconditionally.

The strikers were instructed to report
for work as individuals to C. E, Wilson,
the employing agent of the company,
at 309 Canal street as early to-day as
possible and take the best jobs they could
get without question.

The strikers go back to work on the
latest terms offered by the company,
which are simply unconditional sur-
render,

While there were some bitter things
said the most of the strikers accepted
the situation with fortitude. Patrick
Sullivan, president of the union, and some
others said that the strike was lost through
the intervention of its international offi-
cers, but others said that the men’ had
put up the best fight they could and had
simply been beaten. One of the men
said:

“I feel as if 1 never would join a union
again, All that this union has done has
been to induce me to quit my job, with
only a fighting chance of getting it back.”

The Jersey City strikers didn't decide
yesterday whether or not to go back to
work.

 

 

$10,000 IN JEWELRY STOLEN.

Mald Disappears the Same Day as Miss
Mary Adams's Gens.

WasnHiInaton, March 22.—The Wash-
ington police are searching for a woman,
26 years of age, 5 feet 4 inches, fine olive
complexion, heavy black hair, lustrous
dark eyes, fine white teeth and a mole
on her cheek, who was employed as a
maid at the home of Mies Mary Adame,
1621 New Hampshire avenue.

Miss Adams is a daughter of the late
George B. Adame, one of the founders
of the Washington E:ening Star. She
has an independent fortune. She was
entertaining Mrs. F. B. Merriman and
with her guest left home to make some
calls, leaving the servant, who had ar-
rived only this morning, in charge of
the house.

When Miss Adams and her guest re-
turned late this afternoon they discovered
that the new servant had left and that
$10,000 worth of jewelry belonging to Miss
Adams and her visitor was missing.

The police were promptly notified.
They are now searching for the maid
and believe they are on the track of an
experienced hand who has played the
same game in Cincinnati, Cleveland,
Detroit and Baltimore and acquired
considerable valuable booty in each city
by gaining her way into the homes of
wealthy people through the employment
agency route

 

FAVORED PARROTS.

They Are Going to School in Germany te
Acquire Kultur.

From the hold of the Lamport & Holt
liner Tennyson, in yesterday from South
American and West Indian ports, there
arose a jabber in Portuguese that experts
in the language say was not altogether
classical. It came from 280 Brazilian
parrots, blue fronted Amazons, which are
on their way to Europe.

Richard 'T. Zigemeyer, who owns the
birds, was a passenger by the Tennyson,
and he says they will be instructed to talk
in German after they are taken to Bremen,
and that their vocabulary will be purged
of all improprieties and they will be taught
to say, among other things, “Hoch der
Kaiser!”

Other creatures brought by Zigemeyer
are three big and seventeen little monkeys,
a king vulture measuring seven feet from
tip to tip, and twoarmadillos, Zigemeyer,
after landing the parrots at Bremen, buys
a lot of German canaries. He takes these,
and fancy fowl that he gets in England to
Southampton and there boards 4 liner for
South America, again acquiring a collec-
tion of parrots and other fauna somewhat
wilder for the German market, taking
them to Bremen by way of this port

 

PACKERS MUST STAND TRIAL.

 

Judge Carpenter Holds That Immunity
Bath Has Lost Its Virtue.
Cuicaao, March 22.--Judge George A.
Carpenter handed down a decision in the
United States District Court ‘denying the

to quash the three indictments against
them charging a combination in restraint
of interstate trade, engaging in a con-
spiracy in restraint of interstate trade
and monopolizing interstate trade

Judge Carpenter's decision is what is
known as an interlocutory order, from
which there is no appeal. To-day's decision
means, in short, that the packers must
go to trial. There are five counts in the
conspiracy indictment and one in each
of the other two indictments. If con-
victed the defendants can be fined $5,000,
or imprisonment for one year on each
of the seven counts

The move of the attorneys for the
|packers was based upon a contention
‘that the Government could not use in
levidence against them anything that
| transpired before Judge J. Otis Hum-
| pPhrey gave them the famous “immunity
; bath” in 1006.
'

VAD DOG BITES TWO.

 

IvHacs, March 22,—Participation in the | married an hour after her arrival in New| They Took Up the Chase in Long Island

student celebration of the first day of
spring yesterday cost Clifford H. Parma-
lee of Saratoga Springs $20 in police court
/to-day. Parmalee, who is a sophomore

in the College of Mechanical Engineering | deares: little woman on earth.” He fur-|and Policeman Harold of the Hunters | phe corporal punishment

at Cornell University, was arrested for
tiring off two revolvers during the cele-
bration, which was a noisy affair and in
‘which many students took part. A good
many other revolvers were fired and
other noises made, but Parmalee was the
only man caught.

Proctor ‘Tweston, who used to be a
policeman, pleaded for Parmalee, saying
that the young man did not know that
he was violating an ordinance, that he
had not lived here long enough to know
about the ordinances and moreover he
had seen other students shoot and did
not know ii was wrong

The Citv Judge said, however, that it
would not do to have the neighborhood's
peace broken by a spring celebration or
any other and be did not see that it made
any difference how many other students
had fired revolvers

LAKEWOOD
Ideal Mowor Hun
LAUREL House
| Ae

Healthful Open Air Life,
Volo Carnival olf.
LAUREL INTHE PINES,

/ York. The Count was quoted at the time
|} as saying that he expected his father to
| disinherit him for his marriage, but that
! nobody dould take away his title and “the

ther said:

“I want to make my fortune for the
sake of my Countess.”

The last heard of the Count and his
| bride they were living in a flat on 106th
street

 

| ANTI-TREAT ORDINANCE
| Tacoma Women Take Part In City's First
Referendum Election,

' ‘Tacoma, Wash., March 22.--The first

| referendum election ever held in Tacoma
resulted im a decisive victory for the
anti-treating ordinance. The returns from
seventy-five of the seventy-nine precincts
showed 8,468 votes for the ordinance and
6,734 against the measure. The registra-
tion was 21,687, the percentage of women
being one-third

WINS,

 

Cardinal Gibbons urges Catholics to use the
Manual of Prayers, Attractive Raster Gift, John
|= hy Co, itv. or Huok amd Dept, Stores.
—Ade

City and He Nippéd Them.
A mad dog ran through the streets of
Long Island City last evening and William
Stanley, 19 yeare old, of 171 Fourth street

 

 

 

 

 

BOARD OF EDUCATION WOULD

NOT DISMISS HIM,
oot

Because 1t Appeared That Too Leng &
Time Elapsed Between the Kissing
and the Time When Kissed Teachers
Complained—A Woman's Jadgment.

The report of the elementary schools
committee’ to the meeting of the Board
of Education yesterday relative to the
charges againet Principal Bernard Cron-
son of Public School 3 at Grove and Hud-
aon streets stirred up the meeting as noth-
ing has done for several montis.

Chairman Abraham Stern ef the com-
mittee submitted the report, which ended
in a resolution that the principal be de-
clared guilty of the charges of gross mis-
conduct and inefficiency and be fined four
months pay The fine is equivalent to
$1,200.

The principal! was charged with kissing
some of the women teachers in his school.
His trial was held in secret aud the de-
bate at yesterday's meeting brought out
a part of the testimony for the first time.

Miss Martha Draper stood up 4s soon
as the report was read and made the first
extended speech of any woman member
of the board.

“I do not believe that the imposition of
a fine of four months pay is sufficient to
atone for the gravity of the charges of
which this principal was found guilty,”
she said. “Such a man as thie principal
ia unfit to be in charge of a echool. I
move that instead of being fined he be
dismissed.”

Dr. Maye said he quite agreed with Miss
Draper in’ regard to the necessity of care-
fully guarding the morale of the public
school.

“Only Jast night a teacher gave me in-
formation about her experience that made
my cheeks burn with shame to think that
we had destroyers in our school system,”
he said.

Chairman Stern said that so far none of
the facts had come out in regard to Cron-
son's trial,eo the previous speakers were
hasty in judgment, in his opinion.

“Far be it from me to defend the prin-
cipal on the charge of undue familiarity
with women teachers,” he went on. “But
there was some doubt as to the sincerity
of the women who accused him, based
upon the time that elapsed between the
date of the alleged offence and the time
of complaining.

“In one case @ woman teacher says that
away back in 1003 the principal smiled at
her and stroked her hand with his hands.

“In 1907 he attempted to kias her, she
says, and in 1908 he actually did kivs her,
she testified.

“It took him five years. * * * But
{t was three years ago that he bussed
the woman teacher, and the terrible
insult was not made known until recently.
Why didn’t she resent the familiarity
at the time?

“There was another complainant, a
woman teacher, who said that four years
agothe principal triedtokissher. But he
didn't succeed. ‘

“All that was why the committee did
not consider dismissal just.”

“This long silence was evidently for
good reasons,” said Arthur Somers of
Brooklyn. “There seems to have been
two in this affair—-the kissed and the
kisser. A silence of several years over
the violence done to the proprieties in-
volved two persons, If one is to be dis-
missed does not justice demand that
the other should also?

“I call upon Mrs. Post, who is a member
of the elementary schools committee
and heard all the teatimony at the trial,
to enlighten us, as she can show us the
woman's heart and the woman's mind
as affected by the evidence.”

Mrs. Post arose and said:

“I think his conduct was most repre-
hensible, but under the circumstances
I do not think he should be dismissed.”

“Asamember of the elementary echools
committee I don't believe we should dis-
miss this principal,” said Commissioner
Cosgrove. “The impression at the trial
was that the women teachers did not
seem to think they had suffered much

motion of attorneys for the beef packers by the kissing. This you will underatand

when one of the teachers that had come
in for some of the principal's playfulness
actually declined to be transferred from
that school. She said that Mr. Cronson
was always a gentleman and acted like
one.”

A vote was taken on Miss Draper's
amendment, calling for dismissal. It was
lost. by a large majority.

The resolution to fine four months

ay was then adopted, and the many
teachers in the gallery and at the back
of the room went out.

CALLED FATHER TO WHIP GIRL

 

In the School--Principal Charged With
This Fined.

Joseph D. Reardon, principal of Public
School 3, has been up on charges and the
elementary schools committee yester-

‘day reported him to the Board of Educa-
‘gion guilty of permitting corporal pun-
ishment to take place in his school. The
report recommended a fine of fifteen

days pay. ‘

| Along with the report were letters from | Five Queen and Crescent Trains Fired |

ithe teachers praising the principal. “He
has few equals and no superiors,” one
of his admirers wrote.

| Pons station, who were chasing the lthis way: One Sadie Cohen violated u

animal, were bitten. The dog was killed

| with a club by Frank Brown of 147 Fifth
| street under the viaduct of the Newtown
Creek bridge at Vernon avenue and
| Fourth street.

The dog was a big mongrel, part coach
| dog. Nobody knew where it came from.
| As young Brown, who is employed in
/the Belmont tunnel, was quitting work
/it ran past the tunnel entrance, going

toward Jackson avenue, one of the main
thoroughfares. Brown joined in the
chase, which was taken up by Policeman
Harold and James McGill. When the
cop came up with the dog he tried to
catch it by the collar and was nipped in
‘the wrist. Stanley had come up and
the dog bit him on the left arm,

A doctor cauterized Stanley's bite and
‘the polioaman had his wound dreased at

St. John's Hospital.

GRRAT BEAR SPRI
par'case of © gate stoppered bettie Ads

 

|

 

| we

school rule and Principal Reardon sent
for Simon Cohen, the father, and told him
to bring his strap along. He came with
a big strap and in the principal's office
he took his daughter Sadie across his knee
and applied the strap so vigorously that
the whole school was upset by the girl's
outcries and she couldn't sit at a desk
with comfort for several days. ;

Mr. Metz got un when this renort was
read to the board and read a paper which
he said was an affidavit made by Simon

Cohen declaring that he had not gone to |
the echool to punish his daughter, nor,

had he been called at the trial of the prin-
cipal.
“Jt is absolutely untrue to say he did

 

not go to the school and whip his daugh-| Annie McDona'd, His daughter,
AEE a merge, oe Segiae eperant Oa
pepe: ‘tow

A

Kn.) a ae Hs ust
iy ee

ERLE Aes

ees eae

THURSDAY, Mance 23, 1611.

Rain, followed by fair, and much colder to-

day; high northwesterly winds;

fair to-morrow.

= eee

 

1911,—Copyrioht, 1911, by the Sun Printing and I ublishing “Aseociation

     

U. 8. TROOPS FIRED ON?

Alpine, Texas, Hears of Aggression by
Mexican Federals on the Border.

San ANTONIO, March 22.—A despatch
from Alpine, Tex., to THk Sun corres
spondent in San Antonio received at
11 o'clock to-night reports that a message
has gone over the wires from Marfa
to-night to a military source here con-
veying the rumor that the American
troops of the boundary patrol have been |
fired upon at some point along the Rio
Grande by Mexican Federal troops.

No verification of the rumor could be
had either at Marfa or at the headquarters
of Gen. Carter here.

There are no Federal troops along the
border east of Juarez.

FIFTY MILE TWISTER

Hits Town tn the Evening After a Baimy
Day of Spring.

The second day of spring had the vernal
temperature of 67 degrees in the early
afternoon, and travellers on the sunny
sides of the streets went without over-
coats. But they will need them to-day,
as the swirler central over Vermont last
night will pass up the St. Lawrence Valley
and the northwest wind may send the
mercury down near the freezing rung.

Roaring into the edge of the low last
night there came to this neighbor-
hood a blustering and equally north-
wester that got up to gale force, blowing
at times nearly fifty miles. The sky was
clear at 11 o'clock and the temperature
was going down rapidly.

 

   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
    
  
        
 

 

“EASIEST WAY" SHOCKS BOSTON.

Mayor and Police Commissioner Discover
That Play Won't Do. :

Boston, March 22.—After running for
a year in New York and playing as long
over the country it remained for Mayor
Fitzgerald and Polige Commissioner
O'Meara of Boston to discover through
subordinates that “The Easiest Way”
was not of sufficiently high moral standard
to be shown in this town.

So the Mayor sent word to the Hollis
Street Theatre this afternoon that the
play must not be prod uced again in
Boston. The matinée was not interfered
with and during the afternoon repre-
sentatives of the company and theatre
held a conference with the Mayor at
which he consented to allow to-night’s
performance to go on pending another
conference to-morrow.

CARRIER PIGEON AT SEA,

Lands Exhausted on the Ryndam 140
Miles Out—Bird Will Be Kept.

The Holland-America steamship Ryn-
dam, which sailed on Tuesday for Rotter-
dam, reported by wireless yesterday that
a carrier pigeon, exhausted in a battle
against offehore winds to reach land,
had dropped aboard the ship on Tuesday
evening when she was about 140 miles east
of Sandy Hook. Around the right leg
of the bird is an aluminum band in-
scribed “Heist, 8S. M. 1,061." It will
take a trip to Rotterdam and wifl be
brought back on the ship's next trip this
way and turned over to ita owner.

 

 

 

DESTROY PATIENTS’ RECORDS.

Dr. Samuel Alexander of Cornel! Medical
College So Directs in His Will.

The will of Dr. Samuel Alexander of 5
West Fifty-eighth street, who was pro-
fessor of clinical surgery at the Cornell
Medical College, disposes of a personal
estate of $10,000. To his brother-in-law,
John J. McCook, Dr. Alexander left all
his case books and clinical records, con-
taining the histories of patients he had
treated, and directed that because the
contents of the records are confidential
they are to be destroyed.

Dr. Alexander also left to Mr. MeCook
his surgical instruments and apparatus,
and pathological and anatomical prepara-
tions, with instructions to give them to
Cornell Medical College, and with the
suggestion that they be used by his suc-
cessor in the faculty. His entire estate
goes to his sister, Janetta Alexander
McCook.

JACK JOHNSON'S THICK SRULL,

X-Rays Show His Dome Roofed With
Threeequarter Inch Arch of Bone.

San Francisco, March 22.—Champion
Jack Johnson visited the German Hospital
to-day to see his younger brother, Charlie,
who is being treated for threatened blind-
ness. While experts were taking X-ray
pictures of Charlie they suggested that
the champion sit down and have an X-ray
made of his head to discover the thick-
ness of his skull.

Johnson accepted and the result showed
that it required five and a half minutes

 

 

jfor the rays to penetrate, thus proving |

that the champion has a skull ranging
{from one-half to three-quarters of an
inch, which is more massive than the
skull of a Texas steer.

While it took five and a half minutes
for the rays to penetrate Johnson's skull
|they go through an ordinary human head
Jin from five to fifteen seconds.
| The result of the X-ray exposure amazed
lall the medical experts at the German
|Hospital. All declared that Johnson's
tskull surpassed in thickness any which
| ey had seen and proved that he could
not be knocked out by a blow on th» head.

 

STRIKE DISORDER RENEWED.

 

 

Upon--Murderer’s Arrest Expected.
Lexinoton, Ky., March 22.—-Disorder
jon the Queen and Crescent Railroad was

was explained | reagumed again last night between Dan- |

; ville and Cincinnati.

| Five trains, two of them passenger,
' were shot into, but so far as is known no
{one was hurt.

| Freight trains Nos. ¥ erd 9 were fired
, on at
several other points along the route, A
mile north of Danville another freight
was fired upon.

{ It is thought that an arrest for the
assasaination of Detective Patch, the
Chicago | who was shot and in-
| stantiy killed from ambush near Junction
| City Tuesday afternoon, will be made
to-morrow.

John B. McDonald Left All to Widow.

The will of John B,. McDonald, which
was executed on January 31 last, leaves
his entire estate to his widow

 

ania pwler admitted the will
tee Vales of the wwtate

udlow, at Nicholasville and at | ©

Georgie

SaaS

eee
WILLIAMS ASKED
CARNEGIE’S HELP

Cummins Syndicate Soon
Got Loan From. Him
of $2,100,000.

re

FORGERY TO HIDE A LOAN?

Bank Superintendent indorsed
Cummins as an “Intimate
Personal Friend.”

 

 

 

Toward the middle of January, 1910,
when the syndicate headed by William
J. Cummins, the man indicted on Tuesday
for stealing $335,000, was ecurrying for
cash to keep the Carnegie Trust Com-
pany from going under, Cummins himself
handed to Andrew Carnegie this letter
from Clark Williams, who had been Super-
intendent of the Banking Department
until a few weeks before:

203 Madison avenue, January 12, 1910,
The Hon. Andrew Cuarnegic, Ninety-firat
strect and Fifth avenue, New York:
Dear Str: At the request of some mem-
bers of the directorate of the Carnegie
Trust Company I write to advise you that
during my incumbency of the office of
Superintendent of the State Banking De-
partment [ became familiar with the affairs

of the Carnegie Trust Company.

1 have no hesitation whatever in stating
that in my opinion such growth and im-
provement in conditions as the Carnegie
enjoyed was largely due to the work of
William J. Cummins and those directors
whom be brought into the board and made
his associates.

I may say that I know Mr. Cummins as
an intimate and great personal friend. [
have the highest regard for his ability and
integrity of purpose. I feel sure that he
and his associates are making sincere and
praiseworthy efforts to improve the con-
dition of the trust company and to obtain
for it more favorable regard on the part
of the banking community.

I believe that the condition which thay
are now seeking to improve does not in any
manner reflect on or impugn their integrity
or honor, and if you should determine to
come to their assistance you would he
helping in the accomplishment of a great
and distinct good, Faithfully yours,

CLarK WILLIAMS, ~

Thirteen days after the date of this letter
Mr. Carnegie went to the assistance of
the Cummins syndicate with $2,100,000
worth of Steel bonds. He had taken some
little time to make up his mind, Once
before at the solicitation of a financier,
then master of the trust company which
bore a name spelled like his and who
compared him to Napoleon and Washing-
ton, Mr. Carnegie had put up $2,000,000,
a sum which carried the trust company
over the panic of 1907.

Persons who knew the contentsof the
letter written by ex-Supt. Williams
and placed in the hands of his friend
Cummins for delivery to Mr. Carnegie
recalled yesterday the tight circumstances
of the syndicate at the time the letter was
written,

In March, 1909, after the demise of
Cummins’s $50,000,000 Independent Fer-
tilizer Company, Charles C. Dickinson,
in furtherance of his ambition to consoli-
date into one big institution the Carnegie
Trust Company and a string of banks
owned by the Van Nordens, got Cum-
mins's assistance to persuade T, C. Mead-
ows, JT. N. Anderson, the Independent
Fertilizer Company and «a Southern
fertilizer company whose name doesn't
appear as yet to make each a note for
$600,000. The Southern concern was
pried loose from its note with the promise
that it was only wanted two days for
exhibition purposes. The guarantors of
all four notes were Charles C, Dickinson,
William J. Cummins, Martin J. Condon,
Charles A. Moore, Jr., George C, Crabbe,
Liston L. Lewis, William A, Keener and
Samuel A. Kress.

Adding to the notes stock of the dead
and buried Independent Fertilizer Com-
pany the management of the Carnegie
Trust took $2,400,000 from the vaults and
purchased heavily of Van Norden stocks.
But in November, 1909, the Southern
concern not only protested, but sent
up several earnest Southern gentlemen
who carried shooting irons and threat-
ened to use them if the noie, for $600,000
wasn't given up. Whereupon the inter-
esta in front of the guns gave up the
note and a little later got George L. Dyer,
an advertising man, who says himself
he wasn't worth $6,000 at the time, to
make a new note for $600,000.

Although the bank examiners, so far
as has yet appeared, didn't order the four
notes detached from the assets of the
Carnegie, there arose for some reason
& great necessity that they should be
wiped out. SoCummins and friends began
1to hustle for regular money to pay back
| to the Carnegie company. Several! indi-
| viduals in whom Mr. Carnegie had great
confidence went to him on behalf of the
| needy syndicate and spoke highly of them
| Mr. Carnegie was told among other things
| that he needn't worry about the condi-

| tion of the trust company, for the exdellent

| reason that it would always have enough
ity deposits to maintain its health. At
jany rate, such representations, written
or spoken, were made to Mr. Carhegie
| that finally on January 25 he loaned to the
| Cummins crowd the $2,100,000 that saved
| their bacon,
| Somewhat later Mr. Carnegie, who was
not to be caught napping, repurchased
{the bonds that Cummins sold in the open
| market to get money for satisfying the
four notes. He bought them back at a
profit, paying $1,900,000, so that in addition
| to the $800,000 that he saved on the deal
jhe had as security for the loan the con-
, trol of the beat of Cummins’s properties:
jthe Plait [ron Works, the Tennesses

TTY + TS eS

 

ah