.

-e

 

a e):7700O“SSwaS0S0—0™

VOL. LXVIIL—NO, 29,

 

 

DETECTIVE’S HEAD CUT OFF?

gTory THAT A CHICAGO BANK PRESI-
pENT RECBIVED IT BY EXPRESS.

 

 

according to the Tale, Which Will Not Down
in Chicage, the Detective Had Been Sent
to Costa Rica to Get a Defaulter Who Had
Defed Captare— Denials by Detectives.
Cuicaco, Sept. 28.—According to a story
persistently afloat in this city since Monday
the recent absence of a well-known local banker
asioned by the shock he received upon

wag ovr
opening a peculiar looking sealed package
that canio to him by express. He found that

it contained the head of a man indirectly em-
ployed by him to secure the capture of a de-
faulting clerk. The defaulter, alleged
to have fled with $8,000 several years ago,
was traced to Costa Rica, where fruitless efforts
ide to bring about his return to the
od States. Angered at the persistency
shown by the bank the absconding clerk is
{to have written deflant letters to the ofMf-
f the institution and to his former fellow
empl with the result that it is said orders
wert to a detective agency to bring him
othe bar of Justice if it was necessary to kid-
ito get him out of Costa Rica,
» the, it ts declared, weyt to the scene
ire hin and the next development in
is the rumored arrival of the deteo-
ead. Two. stories ae afloat retna:ke
ir as to detail, save that in one the
ilewed to have made Costa Rica his
hide aecording to the other he fled to
idoes, In all the other ese itial
‘ accounts are identical and both are
i cremated, Chief of Police Kipley,
tchief Pracek and Chief of Detectives
¢ \ ait anxious to learn what
tale. Each asserts without hesi-
Boxer-like story is not true, yet
» be stubbornly. circulated and
nd © measure of credence with
ronson that the obviously expedient
fo bark President and detective agency
the to keen the ease quiet if such a
factually taken place,
4s the liomediate representative of the
tut department of the American
{esocintion we are employed by
nkas, iid William <A. Pinkerton to-
jutofthatlist Lknowof butonethLathas
onding employee in Costa Rica, soné
2) is missing, and I believe the rumor
e without foundation. In my opinion
e onterowth of the recent exchange
) foo.000 package on the Burlington Rail-
i for a worthless package of paper, That
cr is compared on all sides with Edvin
<tirgeas Crawford's coup at the American
beeharwe National Bank, New York, seven
or eight years a
Crawford, a
‘ "

were

a

clals «

ees,

ba}

3

 
 
    

 

 

 

Tormer atreet car conductor,
‘ ed a position as messenger at the bank
nd after a while a $40,000 package of mutilated

« intmisted to his ¢ and shinped to the
lip ted States Treasury was transformed into
a package of wrapping naper. Crawford went
te (lenduras and encaged in banana planting.
He was hounded into. confessing hia ctlme
and restoring $24,000 of the stolen money. TI
think some one with a knowledge of Crawford's
career set aficat the story now cirenlating in
banking and police circles in this city.”

Alexander Ross, formerly assistant police
chief, now head of the Metropolitan Detective
Agency. says he has no definite information
concerning this specific case, but Mr. Ross says
it is by no means unreasonable to believe that
there {s come foundation for it

*\ number of parallel instances can be found
n the history of American private detective
agencies,” said he “Only comparatively re
cently an express messenger fled from the Fast
with a large sum of money and took refuge
in South America, An operative was sent to
try ar d bring him back. He reported every-
thing in readiness to accomplish his purpose
and then dropped out of sight, never. to be heard
of awain, The messenger ts still in the enjoy-
ment of hig plunder. Some day he will be
brought to the bar of justice

 

 

in &

   
  

FELL TO DEATH FROM NEW BRIDGE.

Engineer Charles E. Bedell Made o Misstep in
Dodging a Derrick Boom.

Engineer Charles E. Bedell, superintendent of
the New Jersey Steel and Iron Company, who
had oharge of the construction of the steel
work of the Brooklyn end of the new East River
Bridge, was killed yesterday by falling ninety
feet from a steel spar in Kent avenue, Williams-
burg. He was trying to evade the boom of a
derrick. He missed his footing and fell through
the timbers and steel work, striking beam after
beam in his descent. He was carried into the
company’s office. An ambulance was called
from St. Catherine's Hospital. While Dr. Allen
was attending the injured man Dr. Silas C.
Blaisdell, the surgeon-in-obief of the Eastern
District Hospital appeared, and a brother of
Mr Bedell requested Dr. Blaisdell to take charge

of the case. When Dr. Blaisdell directed Dr
Allen to remove Mr. Bedell to the Eastern Dis-
trict Hospital in the ambulance, Dr. Allen asked
for $$, saying that was the fee for removing
vrivate patients. A discussion between th
foctors ensued. the arrival o:
en bulanoe from the Eastern District Hospital,
n which Mr. Bedell was He died just
as he was carried into the institution.

Meanwhile, Mr. Bedell’s father, who is the
secretary of the New Jersey Steel and Iron
Company, had been notified, and he went to
Will ameburg. He was 60 much affected that
he was unable for a long time to give directions
for the removal of the beer.

r old and }yed at Mont-

i uate of Yale and f
many years did bridge and other engineering
work for the New corny Steel and Iron Com-
pany. He gave mu attention to the steel
work in the new bridge.

Dr, Allen eaid that while he was giving Mr.
Bedell a hypodermic injection of w ey
a gentleman came into the office, and, without
oy a word to Dr Allen, leaned pver and
put his ear to the inju man. This, Dr. en
@aye, he considered a breach of professional
rs quotte, He asked the man who he wae,

he sald he was Dr, Blaisdell, and sug
removed immediately

that the patient ebpuld be iC clot)
protested,

to the hospital. Dr Allen say.
as, in his opinion, the proper hospital at that
time was where Mr. ell was. Then Mr.
Bedell's brother said that he had engaged Dr.
Blaisdell to look after Mr. ell. In response
to the request to take Mr. Bede!) to the Eastern
District Hospital, Dr. Allen. said that, as the
care had passed out of his hands, and the in-
Jured man was a private patient, a charge of
$5 would be made to remove him. Just then
the ambulance from the Eastern District Hos-
pital appeared.

HOUSE FIRED TO COVER MURDER.

 

 

Miser Grass Was Clabbed and Shot te Death
by Burglars,

PwruapELpata, Sept. 28—Charles Gruas,

75 years old, @ miser living on the outskirts

of Woodstown, a amall borough near Salem,

N.J., was murdered shortly before 2 o'clock
this morning and the house in which he lived

was burned to hide the crime

For sore time past the old man had been
boasting of his wealth, and last night while in
Woodstown he told a party of men that he

had $375 in gold in his house His place was
found to be on fire about 6 o'clock and the local
fire departinent suceeeded in extinguishing
the flames Lefore the house had been wholly
destroyed

When they went tnside the firemen found
Gruss lying on the floor dead. His head had

been crushed and his legs burned There
was also a bullet wound over the heart. The
house had been ransacked. Three negroes

Are suspected of the crime

 

A $220,000 FRAUD ALLEGED.

Twe Montreal Bustness Men Accused of Con-
spiracy by a Bank.

MONTREAL, Sept. 28-—-D.J. MeGillis, Secre-
‘ary of the Montreal Cold Storage Company

&od Al-xander MeCullough, a member of the

be dairy firm of Croit & ‘McCullough, were

Otrested to-night at the instance of the Mer-

‘ants Bank of Halifax ona charge of con-

*hiracy to defraud the bank out of $220,000 by
( of bogus wareliouse receipis.

leads

y secrets of the powerful society of Japanese

ob gitis revealed \n American, initiated tito the
a Yof king a man without leaving a mark on

ot offers to teaen seeret Ww Americin po lee
loctsof coal strike, Whatawoman saw

a I Jamwe wives and sweethearts of miners
PIC Ung a Giant trust, with prospects of snecess,
z *p ¢ ofa New Jersey town may solve the trust
i diery kept by dlenry George in Callfornia
; s ishing factsas tohis struggles with ad
‘ Se Aderetates fable of “The Adult Girl Who

sundas's Herald

© Sunday Herald's new sixteen page Literary
et im pa with our very best magazines and

YA placcon your Hirary table Don't miss tt
r , er

 

Ce een “= , Q

 

 

NEW YORK, SA

NEW CHINESE PROPOSAL.

France, Germany and Russia Said to Be Near
an Agreement,
Special Cadle Despatchto THE SUN,

LONDON, Sept. 20.—The Paris correspondent
of the Morning Post says that France, Ger-
many and Russia have almost agreed on a Chi-
nese prograinme, and that it will be submitted
to the other Powers in a few days. The
terms are such that their immediate
acceptance in every quarter is expected. The
action recommended will not be quite so
severe as proposed in the German note, jus-
tice, through Russian influence, being tem-
pered with mercy. The appointment of Prince
Tuan as a member of the Grand Council will
not affect the opening of negotiations with
China,

The Daily News's Berlin correspondent de-
clares that there is a feeling of pessimism there
concerning the sincerity of China's policy, Itis
feared that the Chinese rulers are merely try-
ing to gain time for fresh resistance. The
correspondent believes, however, that the
real danger lies {urenewed and intensified mu-
tual distrust among the Powers. It becomes
clearer that Count von Buelow’s note con-
cerning the punishment of the anti-foreign
ringleaders has been more of less a failure,
and the situation is somewhat dark Great
Britain's answer to the note has not yet been
received.

A despatch to the Standard from Tientsin,
dated Sept. 24, says that a conference has been
arranged between Field Marshal Count von
Waldersee and Admiral Seymour and Gen
Gaselee for Sept 25 The correspondent
ascribes to Li Hung Chang a _ statement
regretting the diMficulty he experiences
in reconciling British and Russian
interests and saying that hie adherence to
2ussia is entirely owing to the failure of British
support of himin the past. This, adds the cor-
respondent, means that the British have been
less ready to bribe him than the Russians. 1.1
Hung Chang is represented as saying that
Admira. Alexieff's motive in going to Port
Arthur Waa to avoid meeting Von Waldersee.

the Pekin correspondent of the Morning
Poat, in a despatch dated Sept. 21, says that
Mr. Rockhill, the American Special Commis-
sioner, had a conference with Prince Ching on
that day

  

 

AUSTRIA IRRITATED, TOO.

Complatots at Vienna Abost the American
Withdrawal Frem Pekin.
Special Cable Despatch ito THE SUN.

VIENNA, Sept. 20 —The irritation felt in Ger-
many over the refusal of the United States
to agree to the German proposal concerning
China is echoed here. Even the semi-official
Fremdenbiott complains that the retirement
of the United States has fortified the erroneous
impression entertained by the Chinese Gov-
ernmeat that the concert of the Powers is seri-
ously compromised, and that China is no longer
obliged to face the remainder of the world

The paper, however, thinks that the recent
military operations ought to convince China
of the hopelessness of further resistance. It
adds that the Powers hitherto have avoided de-
claring war officially, but, it asks, can this pol-
ley be continued? It thinks that Field Mar-
shal von Waldersee arrived at the right
moment as the situation in China Is now more
serious than it has been for several weeks.
The end of the struggle is not yet at hand,
and the part that Count von Waldersee will
be called upon to play will be far from that
of a commander-in-chief in.-partibus.

The Newes Wiener Tageblatt, which Is also in
touch with official sources, says the United
States have separated from the civilized world,
and ascribes Prince Tuan'’s reappearance to
their defection. It declares that miaguided
rapacity during the past eight years has gravely
compromised the American Union. It adds
that Preaident McKinley’s policy has consisted
of bhinder after blunder.

The Deuleche Zeitung regards what the United
States understand by the punishment of
the promoters of the massacres as being pre-
cisely contrary to the just chastisement de-
manded by Germany, and deecribes as in-
credible the theory of the Americans that
no punishment would be so efficacious as that
which the Chinese themselves will administer,

This, the paper adds, would be just the wav
to enable the Chinese to laugh in their sleeves
at the stupid Europeans.

a

 

DISPOSAL OF THE LOOT AT PEKIN,

Amerioan Troops to Have Winter Quarters in
the Temple of Agriculture.
Special Cadie Despatch to THE SUN.
From a Staff Correspondent.

Pann, Sept. 22, via Taku, Sept. 25, and Shang-
hal, Sept. 28, 8 A. M.—Active preparations
are being made by the various commanders
for a winter campaign. The Temple of Agri-
culture, where the American troops will be
housed, will be lined with brick brought here
from the United States, and Gen. Wilson says
it will make a model winter camp for the men.

Gen. Wison has issued orders for the Amer-
{ean officers and men to surrender all articles
secured by them in Pekin which they did not
purchase. The sale of confiscated loot is now
going on and the proceeds will be used for
munict

| pur

Mr. Rockhi . the special American Envoy,
visited the Palace to-day with Gen. Wilson
and the women of the American legation Mr.
Rockhill says he sees no hope for the with-
drawal of the troops for many months

The French commander has released some
eu Boxers who were captured on Sept. 20.
g stores of powder have recently been dis-
covered in the ety.

The British have shot four Boxers who were
convicted of murdering twenty-one persons
three weeks after the capture of the city.

 

RUSSIA IN MANCHURIA.

 

Gen. Rennenkampf Occeupies Kirin and Die-
arms the Chinese Troops.
Special Cable Despatches to THE SUN,

Ar. Peterssvac, Sept. 20.—Gen. Rennen-
kampf occupied the city of Kirin, Manchuria,
on Sept 24, and disarmed the Chinese troops
there. The Russians were opposed by Chinese
troops on their march to Kirin, but defeated
them, capturing the towns of Meltachaery and
Bodune.

Panis, Sept. 28.—It is stated in official circles
that the reported annexation of Manchuria by
Russia merely amounts to a military ocoupa-
tion. The Russian and Chinese flags are flying
together.

LONDON, Sept. 20.—-The report of the alleged
annexation of Manchuria which excited the
Russophobe press here still needs confirmation,
It is true that Gen. Gribovsky's local
proclamation which followed the brutal
massacre of Chinese at Blagoveschensk, and
which announced the occupation of territory

along the Amur River might be
interpreted as the antexation of part

Manchuria, but it is recalled that
Russia in August distinetly disavowed
any Intention to annex territory. AD-
other announcement from St. Petersburg,
apparently offictal, now reaches the
European capitals deolaring that the im-

fortance attached to Gen. Gribovsky's pro-
Dornation is unjustifiable, and redding that his
measures are transiory and purely strategic.
Russia, it is added, does not seek any acquis!-
tion of territory.

Minister Conger’s Instructions Filed for
Transmission,

WASHINGTON, Sept 28.—The instruec-

tions to Minister Conger for his guid-

ance in the preliminary peacé negotia-

tions with 14 Hung Chang and Prince Ching
have been returned from Canton, where they
were sent for review by the President, and have
been filed for transmission to Mr. Conger,
It is expected that he will begin the negoua-
tions as soon as he receives the instructions

EDWIN COTTRELL SUICIDE:

HIS BODY FOUND IN CENTRAL PARK
YESTERDAY AFTERNOON.

Not Identified Untt) Last Night as Being That
of the Well-Known Gratin and Steck Broker
~He Had Taken Carbolic Acid—Was a
Member of Several of the Larger Clabs.

The body of a very well-dressed man was
found lying near the Ramble and the
Terrace bridge in Central Park soon after
3 o'clock yesterday afternoon. Policeman
James F, Carey of the Park squad
discovered the body. A slip of paper was lying
beside the body, with the name ‘EK. Cottrell’
written upon it. The man had committed sui-
cide by taking carbolic acid. Late last night
Dr, Calvin May of the Osborne said
that he was convinced that the man was Edwin
Cottrell, a member of the Cotton Exchange and
formerly one of the largest operators in grain
and stocks in Wall Street

A three-ounce bottle still containing traces of
carbolic acid was found heside the body of Mr.
Cottrell, and near by was a little giass cup, into
which he had evidently poured the poison before
swallowing it, Policeman Carey sent for a
Park ambulance and physician to examine the
body, although it was apparent that the man
was dead. The ambulance whick responded
brought Dr. Charles Goidsmith, who confirmed
the policeman’s opinion that the man had been
dead some time, possibly an hour, The body
wae taken to the Arsenal,

The dead man’s clothing was searched and
several letters were found In the pockets. All
were sealed and addressed, but the police re-
fused to give the addresses because of a
recent order forbidding any information
concerning mossages by intending suicides be-
fore the Coroner has read them. In one of the
pockets was thirty-\wo cents. In the waistooat
was a gold watch and chain with a charm
attached, the photographs of two children,
about 6 and 6 years old being in the charm.
An umbrella wasfound near the body.

From the examination made the man's age
was put at 55 years. He was of medium height
and had a gray beard. His clothing was black.
The fingernails were manicured, and there
were other indications thatthe man was care-
ful of his personal appearance. The bottle
which conta'ned the poison had the advertise-
ment of Spagenberg & Boyd, Columbus ave
nue and Eighty-second sireet, upon it.

The identification of the suicide was brought
about through a slip of paper found In one of
the man's pockets upon which was wriiten,

Please notify Dr ©.8. May, at the O-borne,
Fifty-ninth street.’ Dr. May said lagt night
that after talking with the police he was

ositive that the suicide was his patient,

Sdwin Cottrell, a member of the Cotton Ex-
cuange and formerly one of the largest opera-
tors in grain and stocks in Wall atree:, He said
that M°. Cottrell was 68 years. old, that he
was born in Ohio, and that he left
a wife and three children, who were at present
stopping with the wife's relatives in New Jer-
sey, just where he refused to tell. nih the

“ate Cottrell was very well-to-do,’
May, ‘up to last December, when he was
caught in theslumpin Wall Street and became
badly distressed financially Owing to his worry
his health failed and he was ina serious condi-
tionfor some time. When I went up to the United
States Hotel at Saratoga during the summer to

| act as the hotel physician, I
of my regular patienta along with ine,
and Mr Cottrell was one of them, We re-
turned to New York jast Monday and he wasina
greatly improved condition. I placed him tem-
porarily in @ boarding house on West Seventy-
eighth street, 1 don’t care to give the exact

number.

“IT saw bim last on Tuesday, and I suggested
to him that bh) meet me on Wednesday and we
would go down to Wall street and call on
hi creditors and his friends and ge
what arrangements -we could make.
He was _ not vee? paxiees, to make
that trip, but promise tg do so. He failed to
show up, however, on Wednesday, and that
afternoon I was called to ton. One of the
first things Iheardon my return to-night was
of his suicide.” ,

Mr. Cottrell wasa member of The Player's,
Was, Reform, and the Racquet and Tennis
clubs,

 

BALLOON ON THE TRACK,

 

Weman Acronaut Descends in Front of a
Moving Train in Indiana.

Terre Havctr, Ind., Sept. 28. —Minnie Wood-
all with her balloon and the parachute she could
not loosen fell to-day on the track of the South-
ern Indiana Railroad in front of a locomotive
hauling a freight train,but the engineer stopped
the train just in time to envelope the amoke-
stack in the canvas. The woman aeronaut
had ascended at the Pierson fair in this county.
When the crowd saw that she could not loosen

took a number |

 

TURDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1

}

 

|

the parachute but continued upward with the |

baljoon, men hurriedly unhitched their horses
and started inthe direction the balloon had taken.
lt was very cloudy and soon the balloon was out
of sight. Engineer Garrity and his train crew
had seen the ascension and were on the look-
out for the balloon at one side of the road. Sud-
denly Rarrity saw it descending dead ahead
and the woman waving her arms for him to
stop. When the canvas covered the smoke
stack the gas Was forced from the firebox into
the cab, driving engineer and fireman out.

The parachute leaper ako was covered with
the canyas on the track and there was fear that
eparks from the stack would set fire to the can-
vas fore she could be extricated. When
ehe was taken out she was found to be drenched
from her passage through the rain clouds.

FOOTBALL PLAVER'S INJURIES FATAL,
Pierson of the Lake Ferest Team
Harts Received in a Game.

LakF Forest, Ill, Sept 28 —Lawrence Pier-
son, the half back of the Lake Forest football
team, who was injured here on Wednesday,
died this afternoon shortly after 1 o'clock.
The injured man seemed to be doing well until
9:30 o'clock this morning, when a change came
He was a junior in the Lake Forest College
He came to the school from Knox College in
1808 with a reputation as a football man. This
reputation he fully sustained under the coach-
ing received there, and he become one of the
best all-round football inen in the school.

“| saw the accident,” said Coach Dave Jack-
son to-day. “I didn't think he was hurt badly,
Nor did he. He laughed about it and didn’t feel

y pain and joked in the hospital, He carried
the Pall into the line. It didn't open for him
and he bounced back some way and fell.”

Lake College was the first college in the West
to play the modern game of foothall, and through
the early nineties was exceptionally strong at
the game. Pierson’s death is the first due to
football to be credited to the local {dirons,
either at Chicago, Lake Forest or Northwestern,

 

Dies of

 

TWO WOMEN HURT IN A RUNAWAY.
Wife and Mother of L. H. Arnold Thrown
From a Two-Wheeled Cart at Hempstead.

Hempstead, L. 1, Sept. 28—The wife and
mother of L. H. Arnold, a New York lawyer
with offices at 3 Broad atreet, had a narrow
escape from death to-day while driving in
Hempstead. Mr. Arnold's mother is the widow
of Gen. Theodore Arnold of Boston. The horse
became unmanageable and dashed down Front
street at high apeed, colliding with a delivery
wagon. The two-wheeled cart in which the
two women were seated was smashed to aplin-
ters Both were thrown out and were un-
conscious when picked up They were carried
into the house of Frank Powell and messengers
were sent out for physicians, The younger
Mrs. Arnold was not seriously burt and she was
soon restored to consciousness Her injuries
consisted of a sprained knee and a cut on the
left temple Her mother-in-law remained un-
conscious for over half an hour Her lefarm
and leg wero severely wrenched and herffface
and head were cut and bruised. She also suf-
fered from shock,

 

Girt Found Potsoned in the Street.

William Murvhy of 490 Clarkson street, Brook
lyn, founda young girl lying unconscious on
the sidewalk in front of the almshouse in Clark-
son street at 1! o'clock last night. She waa
about 18 years old, had blue ey * and light hair
and wore a biack skirt, a blue shirt waistanda
white apro Murphy summoned an ambu-
lance and she was taken to the Kings County
Hoapita!. Dr. Smith said she was suffering
irom carbolie acid poisonin She died within
an hour after being admitted to the hoe, ital

‘

fe

Feats) Stud

Aa
Sade

1900.- COPYRIGHT, 1900

   

CAPTURED BY FILIPINOS,

 

 

Shields and 62 Men Made Prisoners
~Several Reported Killed,

Wasntnaoton, Sept, 28—The War Depart-
ment this morning recelved a telegram from
Major-Gen. MacArthur at Manila, reporting
that Capt, Devereaux Shields of the Twenty-ninth
Volunteer Infantry and fifty-two enlisted men
were captured while making an overland march
on the Island of Marinduque. A number of the
Americans were killed. Capt. Shields was
wottnded, A column has been sent out to pursue
the Filipinos who effected the capture, with orders
not to suspend operations until the Americans
have been rescued, Gen MacArthur's despatch
follows:

“Sept. 11, Capt. Devereaux Shields, with fifty-
one men of Company F, Twenty-ninth Regi-
ment, United States Volunteer Infantry, and
one hospital comps man, left Santa Cruz, Mar-
induque, by gunboat Villalobos for Torrijos, in-
tending to return overland to Santa Crus
Have heard nothing since from Shields
Scarcely doubt that entire party has been
captured, with many killed and wounded;
Shields among latter. Information sent
by letter from Commanding Officer Boac,
dated Sept. 20, received Sept. 24,
consisted of rumora through natives
The Yorktown and two gunboats, George 8.
Anderson (Colonel Thirty-eighth Volunteer In-
fantry) and two companies Thirty-eighth Vol-
unteer Infantry will be sent to Marinduque
immediately.

“Anderson confirms first report as to capture,
but unable, Sept. 27, to give details of the present
whereabouts of Shields and his party, names of
killed and wounded, This information will
probably be available soon. Anderson
has orders to commence operations § im-
mediately and move relentlessly until Shields
and party arerescued. All troops expected soon
Logan will be sent to Marinduque if necessary
to clear up situation MacARTuur.”

Marindu4que is a small island close to the south
coast of Luzon andis geographically and po-
litically classed with Luzon Province. The
isthmus south of Manila connecting North
and South Luzon is the nearest point to Marin-
duque.

Capt. Shields ts a Mississippian, who served
in a Mississippi rewiment in the war with Spain
and was commissioned in the Twenty-ninth
Volunteer Infantry shortly after the organ-
ization of the Volunteer army began.

The War Department has prepared a list of
the men in Capt. Shieldg's company, showing
the places at which they enlisted. Most of
them came from Georgia, Kentucky, Alabama,
‘Tennessee and Florida, while a few are North
Carolinians,

Capt.

FEARS FOR PROF. DELABARRE'S SAFETY

He and Some Friends Started on a Trip
Alouwg the Coast of Labrador.

Provipencer, R. I., Sept. 28.—Fears for the
safety of Prof. Edmund B. Delabarre of Brown
University are entertained by hisfriends. Some
time ago Prof. Delabarre and some of his friends
chartered the achooner Brave to make a trip
along the coast of Labrador with a view to
acientific observations,

Until the middie of Augus* letters were re-
ceived from Prof. Delabarre by his friends
quite regularly, but after that nothing was
heard from the party untila few days ago, a let-
ter, dated Sept. 10, came to Prof. Delabarre's

brother, Dr. Delabarre of Boston, stating
that they were becalmed = and sur-
rounded by a solid body of ioe,

According to the deacription given the schooner
must have been somewhere near Davis Strait,
between Labrador and Greenland. The |eiter
was forwarded by means of one of the northern
steamers, which was spoken by Prof. Dela-
barre and his party. The intention of the party
was, according to the letter, to remain in the
schooner until they thawed out and then pro-
ceed homeward.

 

T. YERKES'S LONDON

¢C. DEAI.

 

He Pays Holf a Million for the Franchise of a
New Underground Raliway.
Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN,
Lonpon, Sept. 20-—-Mr, Charles T, Yerkes,
the American surface railway magnate, has
closed hia deal for the purchase of the fran-
chise of an underground railway running from

 

Charing Cross to North London, and he was |

to-day elected chairman of the company which ‘ce
c

will construct the road. The English com-
pany now passes into American hands,

Mr. Yerkes arrived from Paris on Wednesday,
and accompanied by Agénts Housmann and
Davies he to-day met the lawyers and handed
over a check for £100,000 to cover the capital
sunk by the English promoters of the company.
The resignations of the original Voard were simule
taneously recorded,and a new board was selected

The close of the negotiations is welcomed as
proving that the much needed connection of
north and central London, which was pro-
jected seven years ago, will 800n be a reality.
The prospective patronage points to im-
mense success for the road. A
timer line which was recently opened
from the Bank of England to Shepherd's
Bush Is proving very successful Its tratns
frequently start froth the termini ao full of pas-
sengers that they are unable to take on board
the persons waiting at intermediate stations
The company therefore Is initiating a 2%-minute
service instead of a 84-minute headway as at
present, and will attach an extra car to each
train

The new road will be equipped with all the
latest improvements in electrical transit,

DREYFUS CASE TO BK REOPENED?

Court of OCassation Expected to Quash the
Court-Martial’s Sentenoe,
Special Cable Despatches to THE SUN.

Lonpbon, Sept. 20.—The Paris correspondent
of the Chronicle crystallizes the recent
rumors concerning ex-Capt. Dreyfus by de-
claring that notwithstanding all opposition
the reopening of the case has been decided
upon and after the exposition the Court of Cas-
sation, which cannot accept the sight offered
to it by the Rennes court-martial, will
resume proceedings. The court, the cor-
respondent adds, will doubtless quash the sen-
tence of the court-martial and reinstate Drey-
fus in the army.

CANADIANS WHO STAY IN AFRICA,

The Six Companies Who Are Coming Home a
Minority of the Command.
Special Cable Despatchio THE SUN.

Preronia, Sept. 20.--The six companies of
the Royal Canadian Regiment now ou their
way home, their term of e-rvice in South
Africa having expired, form a minority of the
command, Col, Otter, the commander of the
regiment, with headquarters anda majority of
the troops, remains here

 

First of the British Elections.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,

LONDON, Sept 28 — The Parliamentary nomina-
tions opened to-day Mr. John Penn, who
reprosented iwisham as a Conservative in the
last House, and the Hon William Fred, D Srnith,
iiberal-Conseryative member for Strand, were
unopposed, and were declared elected. They
are the firat members elected lo the new House
of Commons

Thomas G. Shearman to Submit to an
Operation.

Mr. Thomas G. Shearman, who came back
from Europe a week ago suffering from kidney
trouble, ie still very fli at his home in Brookiyn
If his etrergth will rermit, an operation will be

rformed on him this afternoon by Dr. Robert

Weir, professor of -urgery in the College o
Physicians and Surgeons, Manhattan, oseiate
by Dr Hutchinson. At the prayer meeting [in
Plymouth Church last night, sympathetic refer-
ences wus made to Mr. Shearman’s condition.

~ ,
. rer Er CTY PES" LO NT TN PMI 3 ogg MP conmpery come AVON Wy IG RRO T RT Sree AIUe Re

 

MR. WORK OUTSPED POLICE

VETERAN REINSMAN LED THEM A
MERRY CHASE IN THE PARK.

After Rann'ng the Gantiet of the Mounted
Squad There and E-caping, He Retarned
to the Drive and Was Arrested for Fast
Driving—Is Bailed Ogt by Banker Stillman

Frafk Work, retired banker and veteran
amateur reinsman, was arrested in Central
Park yesterday afternoon, his offence, according
to the police records being “reckless driving
and abusive and threatening language to an
officer.” Mr. Work was not captured, how-
ever, until several mounted policemen in
the Park squad had winded ther horses trying
to cateh him. Mr. Work drove into the Park
in the middle of the afternoon behind a pair
of nimble goers. and he let them trot along as
fast as they wished when they reached the
Fast Drive. \

All the mounted police in the Park and on
the Speedway know Mr. Work and his horses,
so the first one that saw him yesterday was as
lenient as he dared be and plessantly called
to the banker to slow up a little. Mr. Work
only drove the fasterthe cop saya, The next
man on horseback tried to head him off, but two
horses were better than one and a chase he-
gan. Itled to the Casino where Mr. Work drew
up

In half an hour he returned to the driveway in
another rig and with only one horse which had
been held in waiing for him at the Carino,

The chase was renewed and Mr, Work's horse
beat all the police horses but one, That was
the one ridden by Patrolman Baldwin, who
made the arrest and who was scolded in the
“threatening and abusive language” referred
to in the official complaint, President James
Stillman of the National City Bank happened
to be in the Park at the time and saw the scrape
Mr. Work hadgotinto. Hedrove tothe Arsenal
and furnished $500 bail for Mr. Work, who went
back to his stable, got another horse and then
drove about the Park at a most decorous raie
of speed.

Mr. Work retired early last night after his
experience with the police, but he seemed glad
of a chance to tell his side of the story when a
reporter cailed on him some time around mid-
night. He raised himself in bed on one elbow
and made the following remarks through the
mosquito netting of his bedroom window:

“I drove up to Central Park this afternoon
with a pair of black mares. They were a little
skittish, as all my horses are because they
don't get enough work. At the Casino I met
the superintendent of my stable who was there
in accordance with my instruction, with a bay
mare, I took the bay and sent my man home
with the blacks

"Well. the bay was a trifle skittish, too. She
would Jerk and jump a little and then steady

down, Now I'm &2 years old and den't intend
© pull up a ski:tish horse short the minute she

Jocnpe, because I don't want an accident. I

steady down gradually. rat's just what T was

doing wien a cop grabbed my mire’s bridle.

é = What's the trouble?’ lasked him. He was
umb as an orster.

“Can't you talk?’ I yelled, and he couldn't,
atany rate he didn't Then another cop came
along and stole my whip. If he hadn't I should
have thrashed the first one with it. And
then between them they led me and my horse
to the station at a walk. ‘Think of the In-
dignity of tat. I was never «o outraged in my
life. I pay $20,000 a vear taxes and I've driven

ore miles in Central Park than any other man
n town, But I'll fix that cop if it costsme

100,000 _—
8 “I'm going to court in the morning and I'l

 

make it bot. I wont take any lawyer with
@ either. ry the Judge that the cop's a
far and I'll ask the Judge what right he's got

to decide the case anyway. If I pay a fine
T'll take it higher. And if I can find the cop
who stole my whip I'll hold him on a charge of
raroehy

“Did you use abusive language to the police-
man?” asked the man outside the mosquito
netting,

“L called him a God damn blackguard”

The police of the Park squad declared again
last night that Mr. Work drove faster than the
legal rate of speed when he had his pair of black
mares and also when he was Griving the single
bay and that he was warned a dozen times
before any attempt was made to arrest him

Mr. Works stable on West MFifty-sixth
street, near Seventh avenue, has been a
show place among horsemen for nearly

two decades, It contains nothing but his road
horses and their equipment, the carriage and
family horses being kept in a etable nearer
to the dwelling house on North Madison Square
The stable covers an entire city lot and bas a
light stone front, with sliding doors of polished
The harness racks and road wagons
are kept at the entrance, beyond which isa
double row of box staila. Mr, Work has al-
ways from six to eight fast roadsters standing
ready for use.

In the two most commodious stalls he kept
for many years as pampered pensiopers his
old-time road team, Edward and Dick Swiv-
eller. Among the curiosities in the atable are
a sleigh weighing only thirty-five pounds and
a road wagon fixed out with pneumatic tires,
said to have been the first used in this city,
The use of the tires was an idea of P. Cooper
llewitt, Mr. Work's son-in-law, who had a
get fitted to wheels of the ordinary size and
then presented the trap to Mr, Work. The
stable is perfect in every detail and cost a for-
tune to aw. Bath and sleeping and dining
rooms make up a euite above the carriage floor.

 

TAMMANY AIDS GALVESTON.

 

810,000 Deposited to the Stricken City's

Credit—Other Contribetions.

Join McQuade, treasurer of Tammany Hall,
deposited yesterday in the Mount Morris bank
$10,000, Tainmany's contribution to the relief
of the sufferers by the Galveston flood, and
notified the Mayor of Galveston by telegraph to
draw on the bank as required.

Three paintings contributed by an anony-
mous donor for the Galveston relief fund were
sold at auction on the floor of the Produce Ex-
change yesterday for $245. One of the paint-
ings after it had been disposed of once was
given back again by the purchaser and sold
again for the fund.

The Mayor's office yesterday received $376.92
for the Galveston flood sufferers, Of this
amount $18 represented additional oontribu-
tions from policemen, The total amount of
contributions received at the Mayor's office
is now $27,807.95.

The Citizens’ Relief Committee of the Mer-
chants’ Association reosived $170 i terday,
making the total amount collected by that
committee $102,757.50.

 

COL, AMMON'S BIG LAW FEES,

Admits That ‘“Syndicate’’ Miller Paid Him
More Than 610,000 in Three Days,

Col. Robert A. Ammon, formerly counsel
for William F. Miller of the defunct Franklin
Syndicate, was an unwilling witness before
Referee Tilney in bankruptey proceedings
in the Federal Building in Brooklyn yesterday
The examination was held for the purpose
of ascertaining what Rad become of Miller's
money. Col) Ammon testified that Miller
had paid to him between Nov. 23 and Nov
26, 1909, more than $10,000 and leas than $20,-

000, but he could not tell the exact amount
Thie money, he said, was paid as counsel feea
He denied having at ant time given any of
Miller's money or securities to any person,
and he had no funds in his possession that he
could draw on for the benefit of Miller. Arthur
M. Harris of the banking frm of M. W. Harris
& Co, 31 Nassau atreet, Manhattan, testified
that in November last he had grlivered per-
eonally to Miller $60,000 worth of Government
bonds and $10,000 worth of bonds of the New

 

York Central Kailroad Company. He id
that Col Ammon was present when he de-
livered these securities to Mille

r
The hearing was adjourned until Oct 15

An Iron Moulder Fatally Shot.

Frank Feranti, 17 years old, an iron moulder,
of 64% West Thirty-third street, met Tony
CGride, 20 years old, of 501 West Thirty-thir4
street, at Lenth avenue and Thirty-thied atieet
last night er nad a quarrel and Grile
pulled outa revolver and shot Feranti in the
groin, injuring him mortally. Grille escaped,

The most pleasant pathway leading out of or into
N.Y. is via the Hudson River Day Line. Ade

E SUN PRINTING AND PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION.

 

a

’

 

MR. SAUTER BETS $15,000

 

And Croker Is Sad to Have Added $10,000
More to His Election Wagers.

William Sauter of Albany put up $15,000 with
Bell & Co. of the New York Stock Exchange
yesterday to cover $5,000 risked by a ollent of
the firm on the proposition that Bryan will
carry Kentucky, Indiana and Illinois. Mr.
Sauter announced that he would double or triple
the bet, but no more Bryan money was pro-
duced

Louis V. Bell made a bet of $10,000 to $25,000
with A.C. Tower of Tower & Sherwood on the
general result, taking the Bryan end of It It
was reported that the $10,000 was money of
Riohard Croker, but this was not admitted,
Mr. Bell still offers to bet personally $100,000
on McKinley at 2 to 1, and he bas had no takers
yet.

A bet was made in Mr. Croker's stronghold,
the Democratic Club, last evening of $1,000 to
$450 that Bryan would not carry Ilinois, This
bet was made several nights ago, and each of
the bettors put up $100 to bind the bargain.
Last night the money was all deposited with
the stakeholders.

 

HAv TO HANG HIM TWICE.

Political Murderer, Who Said a Populist

Should Never Hang Him, Pat to Death.

Raion, N. C., Sept. 28.--Archie Kinsauls,
the Sampson county murderer who tock an
oath that he would not be hanged by a Populist
Sheriff, was hanged to-day at Clinton, two
attempte being necessary to carry out thelaw.
Three weeks ago, on the day set for his execu-
tion, Kinsauls made two unsuccessful attempts
to end his life, He was detected taking mor-
phine and an hour before the time for his
execution he alashed both sides of his throat,
barely missing the jugular veins. The Gov-
ernor telegraphed a reprieve. To-day, con:
trary to expectations, Kinsauls walked to the
gallows without protest, He declined to make
a statement further than to say he wanted to
meet all his friends and enemies in Heaven.
His self-inflicted wounds had apparently healed
when the rope was placed about his neck. Nine
minutes after the drop fell the attending phy-
sicians said the victim was very much alive
and they requested the Sheriff to place him on
the gallows again. The discovery was made
that the novse had slipped to his chin, teari: @
open the wounds, He was hanged again and
life was pronouncedextinct in eight minutes,

Kinsauls, who was a hot-headed Democrat
lived in Senator Butler's township and he killed
one of Senator Butler's Populist friends during
a political argument.

UNDER THE BRITISH FLAG NOW.

Miners in the Porcupine District Notified of
the Change in Alaska’s Boundary.

Vancorvven, B. C., Sept., 28.--The following
dexpatch was receivedat Vancouver to-day,
dated “British Commissioner’s Camp, British
Columbia, near Porcupine City, Alaska, Sept.
17:

“The Hon. Archer Martin, head of th@British
Commission, raised the British flag” to-day
over that portion of the Porcupine district re-
cently declared in British territory by the In-
ternational Boundary Commissioners. He then
formally declared that all who had staked
claims in the district temporarily placed under
British jurisdiction should apply without delay
to have their titles confirmed by the conmis-
sion. The commission is being held in a big
tent guarded by mounted police. It is said
the miners are reluctantfo register thelr claims
under British laws, as it ia hard to get used
to the feeling of having their possessions re-

moved bodily into British territory without
their leave or consent.”
CAN'T BUILD TEXAS RAILROADS.

 

Corporations From Other States Barred From
Sach Work in the Lene Star State.

AUSTIN, Tex., Sept, 28.—Secretary of State
D. H. Hardy to-day made a ruling affecting
the right of a foreign corporation to do busi-
neas in Texas which will have an important
bearing on the future railroad constriction
work in this State. The ruling ts to the effect
that no corporation organized under the laws
of another State can have a permit in Texas to
construct, build or operate a railroad in this
State. The case in point was the refusal to
grant a permit to do business in Texas to the
Electrio Installation Company of Chicago.
This cormpany has the contract to construct
an electrical railway connecting the towns of
Denison and Bherman. It does not own the
proposed railway, but simply has the contract
to construct it.

Most of the railways in Texas are constructed
by foreign construction companies, but under
Secretary of State Hardy's ruling these cor-
porations are barred from Texas.

 

THE WEST TO GO REPUBLICAN.

Opinion of Dr. Hillis Jast Back Frem « Tour
of That Prosperous Section.

The Rev. Dr. Newell Dwight Hillis has re-
turned from his vacation and presided Inst
night at the Plymouth Church prayer meeting.

Heapoke at length of his trip to Kansas and other
Western States and of the evidence in all di-
rections of the prosperity of the people and
their material and educational advancement
Dr. Hiilla, nodding toward one of his hearers
in the back of the room, said that he had been
asked to make some remarks on polities, but
did not intend to do 80 from that pjatto m

After the meeting Dr. Hillis said: “I am not
a politician or an expert, but from what I ob-
served in speaking to many people and ad-
dressing audiences in the West I think the Ie-
publicans will carry the entire West. I do not
think there will be any overwhelming majority
I suppose I ned conversations with 150 people,
representing business men, professional men
and workingmen; I also talked with politicians
and editors. The result of all this personal
opinion seemed to point to a Republiaan vio-
tory. A difference of opinion may exist as to
Kansas and South Dakota.”

BANK TELLER UNDER ARREST.

 

Another Employeo of Newark Dime Savings’
Bank Accused of Crooked Work.

Robert Hensler, Jr., teller and bookkeeper
in the Dime Savings Institution of Newark,
was arrested last night by Sheriff's officers and
after arraignment before Justice of the Peace
William Rapp was locked up in police headquar-
ters in that city He was chargedwith fraudulent-
ly altering individual ledger account of Fannie
Reiff and that of the Knights of Pythias on July
3. On the day before that Chalres R. Wester-
velt, the Treasurer of the bank, left Newark,
when he found that his shortage was about to
be discovered by the State examiner. Wester-
velt is «till in jail. Hensler is 20 years old.
The amount of the alleged irregularities could
not be ascertained

The Dime Hayings Institution reopened a
week ago last Monday, after being closed up
for two months Weetervelt had insisted nit
along that he Was not alone to blame for the
shortage of $94,000 for which he was locked
up. He said that he never profited one cent
by the embezzlement

 

“Becky Sharp'’ Restratning Order Stands.

Syraccsr, Sept. 28.—Attorneys for Del-
cher & Hennessey, manacers of Ger-
irunde Cogilan's “Beciy Sharp" produe-
tion, were to-day unsucerss’ul in obtaining
a modification of the restraining or-
der. They hoped to secure permission
to fulfil the engagement at Rochester, and pre-
rented their case to United States Judge Wal-
lace at Cnatenovia. After the conference it waa
deemed inadvisable to make a ‘orma!l motion,
and the attorners returned here. They wilt
make no move until the formal araument on
Oct 4 8, H Wonaellor New York appears as
attorney for Delcher & Aennassey,.

 

 

Latest Marine Intelligence,

Arived—Sa Washington, Dincklage, from Rotter-
dam, Sept. 16, Santiago de Cuba, Johnson, Santiago,

Sept 14

 

|

Fair to-day; partly cloudy to-morrow.

 

PRICE TWO CENTS.
STRIKE NOT SETTLED YET

BUT SATISFACTORY PROGRESS HAS
BEEN MADE TOWARD ENDING IT,

 

 

Morgan Railroads Willing te Concede « 10
Per Cent. Advance-Other Roads Would
Follow-John Markie and Other Opera-
ters Hero ta Conference-—Oardinal Gitb-
bons Approached Tentatively as Medt-
ator—Negotiations Seeret and First Siga
of Saccess May Be tn the Miners Retarning
to Work-Coal Prices Take Another Fall,

Negotiations looking to the settlement of
the great anthracite coal strike were continued
yesterday in this Cireat reticence as
to the situation was displayed by those in a
position to know what was going on and the
fact that there had not yet been any definite
announcement of the ending of the strike,
although the proceedings looking to ita settle-
ment started several days ago, led to the cireu-
lation of @ report on the Stock Exchange that
the negotiations had fallen through. A man
in a position to know said positively, however,
that the negotiations were not off, but were,
in fact, proceeding satisfactorily to the best
of his knowledge

“I don't think,” he aaid, “that there will be
any formal announcement that the atrike ts
ended. The first indication of a settlement
of the dificulty ts likely to be the return to work
of the men at some of the minea. This will be
followed by the gradual reopening of the other

mines. I wouldn't be surprised if this occurred
early next week ”

Tuer Sun reporter's informant declined to
answer a question as to whether either Cardinal
Gibbons or Senator Hanna was concerned in
the negotlations for the ending of the trouble.
fenator Hanna visited the Wall street district
again yesterday, and took luncheon with Presi-
dent EB. Thomas of the Erie Railroad, which
is one of the anthracite coal roads. Afterward
he was driven to the Mills Building, where he re-
mained about half an hour. There is an en-
trance from this building to the office of J. P.
Morgan & Co, and Mr. Morgan was in his offlos
when Mr. Hanna reached the Mills Building,
but Mr Hanna, when he reappeared in Wall
street later, said in answer to questions that he
hadn't had any conference with nor seen Mr.
Morgan

“I don't know anything about the strike,”
continued Mr. Hanna, “except that it ia one
day further along. -I came down here on my
own private business. I am in this city to
manage the campaign andI am doing it every
day.”

Senator Hanna remarked that he was going
to return to Chicago on (unday. At the of-
fice of J. P. Morgan & Co. no statement of any
sort regarding the strike situation was ob-
tainable. The Presidents of the coal carry-
{n@ railroads also had little to say regarding
the strike. Nearly every one of them pleaded
lack of definite information aa to negotiations
and some of them frankly admitted that the
negotiations for a settlement of the strike
were out of their hands. It was arserted
that the railroad Presidents who attended
a conference in the office of J. P, Morgan
& Co. on Wednesday epoke for only
the lines controlled by Mr. Morgan and affiliated
interests. The principal roads represented
were the Reading, the Erie, the Lehigh Valley,
the Lehigh and Wilkes-Barre and the Lacka-
wanna Persons who attended the conference
freely admitted yesterday that there was a tacit
agreement to advance the pay of the miners
10 per cent on condition of their returning to
work without interference by the Unted Mine
Workers,

Inquiry regarding the willingness of all the
anthracite railroads to unite In the proposed
10 per cent. advance in the wages of the miners
elicited the fact that inasmuch as the roads
controlled by Mr. Morgan and his associates
represented fully 72 per cent, of the anthra-
clte coal output, the other roads could not af-
ford to hold back from any arrangement which
the Morgan roada might make. John B. Kerr,
Vice-President of the New York, Ontario and
Western Railroad, said regarding this matter:

“Neither President Fowler nor myself has
received any notice to participate in a confer-
ence regarding the coal strike. We carry
only about 2,000,000 tona of anthracite a year.
The Philadelphia and Reading, Delaware,
Lackawanna and Western, lehigh Valley
and Jersey Central mine so large a propor-
tion of the anthracite coal produced that ther
can fix the conditions for the entire anthracite
coal market. If they order a 10 per cent. ad-
vance in wages, none of us could get any miners
without also granting an advance.”

John Markle of GB. Markle & Co., who reached
this city from Hazleton, Pa., yesterday morn-
ing. had a brief conference at the offices of the
Lehiah Valley Coal Company with Vice-Prest-
dent Sayre. Another coal operator who was
reported to be here was M. 8S. Kemmerer of
Whitney & Kemmerer, agents, miners and
shippers of anthracite, whose office is at 143
liberty street. The President of one of the
anthracite coal companies made this statement
unofficially
Gl am willing to admit that the miners have
some real grievances. Some of the objections
they make to present practices are justifiable,
The powder question for instance, 1 beileve
should be reformed, for it is on an illogical
basis. The powder charge to the miners has
always been above the fair market price. The
present scale was adopted at the suggestion
of the miners themselves, and there is a second-
ary labor question involved. For instance,
each skilled miner works his mine chamber
with two assistants and he pays for their labor
out of the money he receives from his employer.
He receives a certain price per car for the coal
he mines and he is practically a contractor.

“When the last adjustment of mine wages
was made some of the mining companies pro-
posed that a fixed price per car be paid, and
that powder be furnished at about current
market rates But the miners did not care
to accept such terms. They were apparently
disposed to agree upon a price for powder
which they understood was above the market
quotation in return for concessions made by
the companies In the price paid per coal car
loaded. This arrangement has worked badly
as it was bound to do. It is obvious that ques-
tions of wares and of powder supply ought
to be kept separate. With the settlement of
thie strike I think you will find that each ques-
tion will be decided on its merits.”

The market for anthracite coal was flat yes-
terday, as in view of the expected near settle-
ment of the strike no one was inclined to buy.
The wholesale price of anthracite was quoted
60 to 76 cents under the price of two days ago,
with white ash quoted at $5 26 a ton.

Battimor®, Md., Sept. 28—When asked
to-day if he had consented to act as arbitrator
in the adjustment of the coal strike in Penn-
syivania, Cardinal Gibbons said:

“The matter has not gone that far. I do
not mind saying that I have been approached
tentatively on the subject. There has been
a correspondence for a week or so, but noth-
ing has been absolutely determined,”

“Were you approached by the representa-
tives of both sides?”

“I will merely say that several persons were

city

 

Nothing Else Se Comfortable

Great tains of the New York C
fo Ot. the North and West wvery howe Beserre
track service perfect —Adr.