’

\
4
a

 

aL
BISHOP POTTER READY.
CASE oF THe CHURCH AGAINST THE

 

 

 

Within a Few Days the Facts Will Be Latd
Before the Mayor-Inspector Cross and
Capt. Herlihy Involved—The Insalt to Mr.
Paddock and the Incident That Led to It,

The action of the Diocesan Convention of
the Episcopal Church on Thursday in request-
{ng Bishop Potter to investigate the indignities
alleged to have been offered to the clergy of
the Pro-Cathedral by certain of the police au-
thorities, marks a departure of that Church
from the conservative attitude which it has
hitherto maintained toward matters involving
police corruption, and the result of this de-
parture will be watched with widespread in-
terest. That it will have serious consequences
for those against whom this action has been
directed, those behind it had no hesitancy tn
asserting yesterday, and it was made very
plain that the whole power of the Chureh ts to
be brought to bear through the agency of the
Bishop in the investigation which will be in-
atituted

What might have been considered as only
@ parish incident has taken a rpore serious
aspoct, it appears’ from the fact that the Bishop
considers the insult alleged to have been offered
the clergy of the Pro-Cathedral by the police
authorities as directed against him. The
reason for this {a the relation which the Pro-
Cathedral's clergy bear to the Bishop. They
are the Bishop's representatives in performing
the work of that parish. They bear, therefore,
a closer relation to hin than does the ordinary
rector of a parish, and it is this relationship
which has given, in the opinion of the rest of
the diocese, such a serious character to the
inctdent alleged to have occurred, The serious
light in which the matter is regarded is shown
by the fact that Bishop Potter intends to ignore
the Police Board and present a mernorial to
the Mayor as the head of the city government,
which will rehearse the facts in such @ way
that he cannot but take full cognizance of
them and order the fullest inquiry tnto them

The police authorities, it was very evident yes-
terday, bad been taken by surprise by this action
of the Church, which ts regarded as being the
most conservative of the different denomina-
tlons in New York. Jt will be remembered
that in auch matters as vice crusades the Church
haa taken no part, although it should not be
inferred that the alleged offences have been
oondoned. The workers of the Pro-Cathedral
in Stanton street have come in contact with a
good deal of the vice allowed to exist. Bishop
Potter has always taken a personal interest
in this work for the reason, as has been stated,
that the Pro-Cathedral is his chureh until the
Cathedral of St. John the Divine on Morning-
side Heights is completed. 1t has been his
desire that this work in a district where vice

thrives should be done in a quiet, effective
way without notoriety While plenty of ev-
idence has been collected of the vile agencies at
work on the Fast Side, those engaged in the
work, in obedience to the Bishop's wishes,
have never come out with any severe public ar-
ralgnment of police methods there. For the
ast two years this work of the Pro-Cathedral
1as been In charge of the Rev. R. L. Paddock,
who has filled the place of vicar Mr Pad-
dock {8 a son of Bishop John A. Paddock of
Washington, who died six vears ago Mr
Pa dooks a raduate of Trinity College, Hart-
ford, and took his divinity degree at Berkeley
For a short time he Was sasistant rector of
St. Paul's Church tn Cleveland. Mr. Pad-
dock ig @ young man of great personal mag-
netism and energy. Since his jostallation
tyere the work has been wonderfully successt ul
When conditions on the Fast Side became
such last winter that at the request of the better
class of dwellers there a committee Was ap-
polpied to stir up the police to activity, vf,
addock, as one acquainted with the condi-
tions, accepted an invitation to become a men.
ber, With others, among whom were Dr Felix
Adler and Jacob Secluiff The members of
this committee made personal juvestigations
and reported matters to the police of the Eld-
ridge street station, which ia commanded by
Capt. John D. Herlihy. This was the first
time that those connected with the Pro-Ca-
thedral had taken part in any public move-
ment The comuittee thus formed, itis said,
found {ts work hampered by the volice, Who
refused to investigate complaints Which were
presented time and again by the different
members, The work of the committee Was
therefore much retarded, and very litdle has
been heard of it for some tine

The tneult alleged to have been offered to the
clergy of the chureh, whieh is made the basis of
The action taken by the convention and the
Bishop, was really, it is said, a culmination of
rusade carried on by the committee

 

this quiet

It was learned yesterday from the best au- |
thority that pe incident oceurred about -ix
weeks ago, and the facts ¢ said to have been |

 

these: One of Mr. Paddock’s parishioners in
formed hin that her daughter, a girl under 16,
had been kidnapped by the awentof adisorderly
house, in which she had been placed and kept
Mr. Paddock was wked to rescue her, end he did
going to the place aud demanding that the xirl
be released, whieh was done Armed with
the proofs of what had been done, Mr Paddock
then went fo the Bidridge street station house
He was accompanied by a clergyman who had
been visiting the Pro-Cathedral for the purpose
of observing the work At the station house, it
is alleged, Mr Paddock was told by Capt. Her-
hy that he, the captain, was running the pre.
cinet, and that there would be no tnvestigation
made The language used by the captain, it is
sald, was such that Mr Paddock was indisereet
enough to remark that he was going to Police
Headquarters and would report the matter to In-
spector Cross. Mr Paddock, accompanied by

 

 

 

 
 
 

the other reyown, did go, but when they
urrived at pector Cross's office they found
Capt. Herlil head of then Then, it is said,

 

  

ise in the presence of
nheulled them and
it. Mr. Paddock

when they stated their ¢
the inspéctor the capta
used an epithet unfit to
thee feporied bo the Bishi

Mr. Paddock declined to talk
the case yesterday !

   

 

tnuch about
the matter

  
 

tuse he said

had been placed in the hands of the Bishop
will say this,” he said, “when the facta
do come out there will be au earthquake in the

Police Department such as has never been seen
before, To am here as the representative of
Bishop Potter, who cannot live here The in
ault to me is considered by the Bishop as one

to himself I eannet give out the name of the
Clergy nian Who Was with tne Without the Bishop's
e@rmission He did not belong this city,
wt he is a rector of prominence elsewhere
and was making mea visit
The Revo tor Hunt on of Grace Chureh,

  
      
  

  

who offered the resol 1 whieh Was adopted,
said yeate y that he would not have intro.
duced tlon had not he and every body
else consid it a diocesan matter

 

“The Pro-Catlhedral,

sald he, “Is not a paro-
chial church It is under the care of the dio-
cese and temporarily that of Bishop Potter

and ax such the whole diocese
{ip the insult to the Bishop's representative ”
Dr. Wantington wonld not talk further con-
cerning the case Tt was learned from other
sources that while the resolution

Is lhterestec

would seem

to request Kishop Potter to investigate, this
investigation has already been made by the
Bishop, who is in possession of all the facts

Tt is his intention, therefore, to proceed at once
to draw up the petition to the Mayor, whieh
will erubrace these facts It is not intended
that there sha]! be any delay in preparing this
and one who is in a position to know wheres
he speaks said yesterday that the petition
would reach the Mayor's hands in a few days
Bishop Potter could not be seen yesterday

It was Said that he was out of the city ,

The polloe officials who were seen yester-
day, with the two exceptions of Lnspector Cross
and Capt Herlihy, denied knowing anything
avout the alleged Incidents Lospeetor Cross
met all inquirers with a statement made up of
but one This was ‘L court the
fullest investigation” Capt. Herlihy's reply
was even briefer than this To a@ list of ques-
tons involving the facts as given concerning
what is said to have taken place, he said he had
absolutely nothing to say. The other police
authorities expressed the usual surprise that
2 uy. sreuves no cornplaint

*resident York said that from readi ’
Papers he supposed the Bishop Bim Ag
do his own investigating I ain not prepared
to say,” President York said, “whether an in-
vestigation will be made unless the matter
comes to us officially At the same time I
don't know as we shall let them investigate
all by themselves 1 am totally unacquainted
with the facts, but I intend to see Inspector
Cross in {he morning about the matter ”

Chief Devery was very positive in say
that he would make no investigation Unless
a complaint wap ie ade to him

So far,” gaid he, “I have received no eo m-
plaint and only know what J] have a2 in the
newspapers Mr. Paddock has not called on
me. I know Mr. Paddock and I have always

¢iped him I have even been to court with
him, and would do it again if he asked me to.
At one time he seemed to be very active, but
T have not heard much gbout him for nearly
six months Of course if he makes a complaint
to me " wil be laxestigated, but I don't believe

vat any police officer would use the lan,
attributed to Capt. Herlihy, espec ainevase

clergy inan

sentence

 

‘ustome Inspector Pleads Innocence.

 

 

I oms Inspector who has been sus-
pe nded fer having passed the trunks of Mrs
Shanahan and Mrs. fiall dreesmakers, which

were seized later, is said t
; . is © have declare >
Burvevyor (roft that he haa n tT solleotion be

avin passed the trunks. He

\ admi t
they Bose his mark, but he thinka that as ae
fis

unauthorised perso
Mark upon them UTePtitiously placed t

j

!
| falo

    

—-

WOMEN CALL
A Delegation of About One Hundred Invades
the Lawa-Each Gets a Greeting.

CANTON, Ohio, Sept. 2&—The chief inctdent
of the day at the McKinley home was the in-
vasion of the lawn by a delegation of a hundred
or more people. Except one map, who acted
as guide for the party, the visitors were women:
They are holding a convention here as delegates
of the Daughters of Rebekah, an auxiliary of
the Odd Fellows, and come from all the towns
roundabout here. They gave no advance
notice of their intended call and the President
was taking a little sleep when they arrived.
The man at the door would not awaken him,
but told the women he was likely to be up in
fifteen minutes and they might return in that

me,

They did, and the President was up and ready
to receive them. In fact he walked half way
down the dagging to meet them, The first
woman was an old acquaintance and was greeted
as such. The next said she was glad to see

im and hoped he would be reélected. The

resident thanked her and gave his hand to
the next, Who expressed some kind wish. And
60 the whole crowd flied past, each one receiving
a pleasant word and each one feeling amply
repaid for the effort of walking up the hill
Just outside the gate the women lined up to give
the President the Chautauqua salute jn a most
hearty and enthusiastic manner, Which he re-
turned with a wave of his hat and many hows

The President also did a little farm talking
to-day, It was with the man in charge of his
farm near Minerva who came up to see him

The Hon. Irvine 8, Dudley of California,
United States Minister to Peru, reached here
from the Bast to-day, went direct from the
train to the MeKinley home, had an hour's
conference and hurried back to the station to
catchaClevelandtraln, Sofarascan be learned,
thera was not the least signifieanee in the
visit, it being merely the duty to call prescribed
by diplomatic courtes)

The President is showing no diaposition to
throw his personality into the campaign to a
greater extent than he has been doing, There
are not as many conferences being held here aa
the wise ones predicted, there ia no likelihood
of delegations and no outward evidence that
any campaign work is being directed from
Canton.

 

BLOCKED STREET CAR TRAFFIC,

 

Bat Judge Werner, the Hon. Joha Van Voor-
his and W. F. Cogswell Canght Their Train.

RocHgsTer, Sept. 28—Judge Werner of the
Court of Appeals, the Hon. John Van Voorhis
and the flon. William F. Cogswell blocked
street car traffic at the Four Corners this after-
noon in their endeavors to catch a New York
Central flyer for the East. They had to catch
a &t Paul street car in order to arrive at the
station in time, and spying the car in the dis-
tance they started toward it frantically. Judge
Werner is the youngest of the three, Mr. Van
Voorlis and Mr. Cogswell balng far advanced
{n years. The car was passing ag up
the street, while several policemen and pe-
destrians were shouting in vain for the con-
ductor to stop. But Judge Werner knew
a better trick than any of them, one he
learned when a boy {unning into the middie
of the street Judge Werner put his Rogers to his
mouth and gave two Joud and shrill whistles
The conductor in the distance heard the signal
and, seeing the Judge waving hia aris, rang the
car to a standstill, It took the distinguished
gentiomen some time to reach their car, and ‘in

he meantime the other cars were lined up at the
Four Corners waiting for the one in front to get
under way

The whole party got to the train in time, but
when ther left the conductor he had $5 more
in his vest pocket than he had when he left the
Four Corners.

VOTING MACHINES ILLEGAL.

Attorney-General Davies Is of This Opinion

The Objections to Them.
Attorney-General Davies came to town on
Thursday in response to a call from Republican
headquarters, and is now stopping at the Hotel
Manhattan. He has had the matter of voting
machines under and has, ac
cording to one of his deputies, come to the con-
that in their forin they are
lhe came up through pro-
ceedings brought by the Democratic Connty
Committee at Elmira. The cominittee clainis
that by all forms of the voting machine now
in use the citizen as deprived of his right to vote
for any legally nominated candidate, It is
impossible, it contends, for him to pick out
his choice of any thirty-six Electors from those
pamed on the various tickets within the time
allotted him in the booth by law. Moreover
machines do hot have the names of Presidential
hlectors in detail
According to the views of Attorney-General
Davies, a voter using one of these machines
is disfranchised, and unless the necessary
changes can be made in time, the machines
cannot be used at the elections this year. Buf-
aud Ltica have already contracted for
voting mnachines, and Syracuse, Mayor McGuire
says, has spent $90,000 on them

consideration,
clusion present

(jllestion

illewul

     

“GOD ALMIGHTY HATES A QUITTER.”

Joe Manley Writes That Sam Fessenden Never
Used Such Language to Him,

STamrorD, Conn , Sept. 28 — Joe Manley says
Sam Fessenden never made that widely quoted
remark about the Almighty's hatred of a quitter
at the Republican National Convention in 1806
The other day one of a party of Meriden Repub-
licans, engaged in political conversation, made
reference to the reported remark of Fessenden

to Manley and commended it and its author,
whereupon another man surprised those present
b) dectaring that Fe«senden never said any-
thing of the kind, at least he never said it to
Mr. Manley This led to a dispute” The con-
clusion arrived at was that one of the men
! ld write to Mr Manley at the Republican
National Comumittee’s headquarters in) New
York and ask him directly and briefly whether
Mr. Fesse nden had ever declared to him that
‘Giod Almighty hates a quitter,” or “The Al-
mighty hates a quitter?” That letter was
despatched on Monday Mr Manley lost no
time inanswering it. His reply follows

My Deak Sin: In answer to your letter of
the 24th inst. I can say that I don't know, for
he never made either remark to me."

NEW CHARITY

  
  

PLANNED BY ISELIN?
Banker Files Plans for Changes ip Baiidiog
“to Be Used as an Institution,’’

Yorkens, N. Y¥., Sept. f28—Adrian Iselin,
lled plans to-day with the Bulld-
{ug Inspector for additions and alterations
in the old Vermilyea Lomestead in the Seventh
ward of Yonkers, just north of Yonkers Park
applicatipn says the building is “to be
as an institution When completed
ilding will be Ss feet front and 57 feet in
depth. A-story will be added to the main build-
jug, making f three stories in height and an
tddition will be built on the side, three stories
in height, 44x20 The addition and the extra
story will be of stene and of the same style of
ar attectare hye the main building Around
three sides willbe a roomy piazza andon th
back will be built a tower “i

The Verinilyea homestead is one of the finest
estates in Yonkers. The rounds are exten-
sive and very beautiful hen the architect
tiled his plans he would not state what kind of
an institution the building was to be

the banker

  

 

 

HULETT GETS OFF WITH A FINE.

Former Sheriff of Washington County Pleads
Guilty of Defrauding the County.

GLENS Fas, N. Y., Sept. 28--Former Sheriff
John M. Hulett of Washington county, against
whom were found two indictments by the
Grand Jury for presenting fraudulent bills
to the county officers in 1808 and 1800, was ar-
rained before Justice Houghton in Supreme
Court at Sandy Hill this morning and pleaded
gullty. He was fined $1,000 on each indict-
ment, the Grand Jury having recommended
that the punishment be by fine and not im-
prisonment

Hulett has settled the eivil proceedings
by the payment to the county of 85.000. The
ammount of the area lings has never been ac-
curately determined, but is estimated any-
where from $10,000 Co $18,000 and is probably
nearer the former than the latter figures

Drowned ta Raquette River Rapids.

PIERCEFIELD, N. ¥., Sept. 28.—Miss Florence
M. Lichtenham of North Germantown, prin-
cipal of the Piercefleld school, and Miss Evelyn

Lapirre of Colton, her assistant, while boating
on Raquette River yesterday, were drawn into
the rapids and the boat capsized. Miss Licht-
entham was drowned. Miss Lapirre clung to
the rocks and afterward made her way safely
to the shore, Miss Lichtenham's body has not
been found.

 

Father Alording Appotnted Bishop.

INDIANAPOLIS, Sept. 28—-The Rev. Father

Herman J. Alording, rector of &t. J ‘
‘ oOeept
Church, thigeity, received notice to-day that
he had been appointed Bishop of Fort Wayne
The honor came as a surprise to him
Do You Want te Hire

& Fiat, Apartment or Dwelling’ Consult THe Stx's

Real Estate columna. The m
are to be found theret}. -Adp oe ew eee

 

 

'

 

 

   
  
 
 

   

THE OPEN GOLF EVENT:

ENTRIES FOR THE ANNUAL CHAM-
PIONSHIP AT THE CHICAGO CLUB,

 

The Field the Strongest tn Quality That Has
Ever Been Nomiaated—Vardon and Taylor
Correspondence~Match Play Rounds in
the New Jersey State Tournament,

Secretary Kerr of the U, S. G, A, gave out
yesterday the long-auticipated list of entries
for the open championship, to be held on

Oct. 4and 5, at the Chicago Golf Club, Wheaton,

i «The total is sixty-three, nine less than

last year, There were gleven amateurs in

1899, against nine this year, all except one be-

ing identified with the clubs about Chicago

The Eastern entry of professionals is light,

but it is a thoroughly representative one. The

greatest names on the list are those of J. H

Taylor, open champion of Great Britain, and

Harry Vardon. whom he beat for the title at

St. Andrews, Scotland, Jast June, It will be

thelr first meeting since that memorable con-

test. It is the firat time that the holder or

a former open champion of Great Britain has

ever entered for the’American event

In the fleld, among the resident professionals,
the Western contingent includes Will Smith,
last year’s winner; James Foulis, the open
champion of 1806; Fred Herd, the open champ-
fon of 1808; David Bell, Laurence Auchter-
lonie, W. H. Way and Will Anderson. The

Eastern entrants among others number George

Low, Val Fitz Jolin, Jack Park, Willie Norton,

Harry Guillane, R. MeAndrew, Dave Hunter,

Horace T. Rawlins, champion of 1895

Stewart Gardner, Tom Hutchinson, A. Ricketts,

John Reid, Harry Rawlins and Alee Campbell,

the pick of the New. York, Philadelphia and

Boston links. ‘I'wo of the entries are players

who have learned the game here, John Shippen

Jr, not so long since a eaddy at Shinnecocs

Hill#t and A. C. Tallifson, a Westerner
Che conditions will be the same as here and

in Great Britain, seventy-two holes, medal

play, The prize money will be $sou, including

A fitty-dollar gold medal, and the first eight

men get a sbare, At Baltimore last year Will

Smith won with 315. There was a tie for the

next three places between George Low, Val

Fitz John and WH. Way, at 326 Will Ander-

600 waa fifth, with 327; Jack Park sixth, with

2x, and Peter Walker and 1. Auchterlonie
tied for the lust two places with 33s The
official list did not give the clubs from, which
the players entere The names of the pro-
feagionals and their home clubs, so far us could
be learned, follow

Willie Norton, Seabrigut and Lakewoo Ernest

Way, Detrors Countt? Club: Davis Foulls, Chicago

Golf Club; James Foulls, Chicago Golf Club, KR. Poulls,

Chicago Golf Club; George Brald, Denver; Marry

Rawlins, Long Beach Golf Club; Horace T. Raw

ins, Waumbek Golf Club; J. G. Campbell, Bosion

fom Hutebison, Slinnecock Hills Gi if Club; A. Cy,
lollifson, Lake Geneva Golf Club: Jonn G. Motion

Lake Geneva Golf Club J. H. ‘Taylor, open chan

plon of Great Britain, Jobn Reid, Atlantic City Coun

open

 

 

 

try Club Vhomas Anderson, Montclr Golf
Club A Ricketts, Albany Goll ( b
Jobn Harrison, Haltimore Alec Campbell,
Brookline Country Club basta Hunter,

Baltusrol Golf Club; H. Vardon, Ganton, England
Alexander Taylor, Eamoor Country Club, Henry ©.
Egvers, Exmoor Gountry Club, John Salppen, Jr.
Marine and Field Club; Robert White, Cineinnatl
Country Club; Stewart Gardner, Lenox Golf Club;
J. W. Watson, Skokie Country Club, Wiille Still, Siku
kle Country Club, Willie Anderson, Ovcononowoe
County Club; Frediferd, Washington Park (rolft Hy
~ ack

 

   

 

Alexar r Smith, Washington Park Golf Club,

Park, Essex County Country Club Alexander Find
lay, Boston; W. \. Hoare, Dayton Golf Club, Wilitam
Lesife, Glenview Poloand Golf Club, Laurence Auch
terlonie, Glenview Polo and Golf Club: WH) Smith,
Ainerican open champion, Midlothian; David Hell

Midlothian Golf Club; W fille ‘1 bompson, Philadel phia;
Henry Turple, Edgewater Golf Club; George Lows
Dy ker Meadow Golf Club: W. MH. Way, Detroit Coun
try Club; J. B. Schlotman, Detroit Country Club
A. J. Christie, Onwentsia Club: Harry Gutllane, Phila
delphia Cricket Club; Hobert McAndrew, Philadel
phia; Chester Horton, Chicago; W. M arshall, Omwent

 

sia Club, Joe Mitchell, Chicago: Arthur Smith, Chi
cago; James Hutchison, Chicago, Valentine Pitz
John, Sadaqueda Golf Club; George Turple, Fdg
water Golf Club, George MH. Cann, Pittsburg Goll
Club and Patrick Corcoran, Dutlale.

Ap amateur may only win the first prize,
Which in that case will be in plite, butan extra
cup is offered this year for the @tuateur Who
makes the beststowing. ‘The amateurs entered
are

C OB. Maedonald, champiot n-
stone, Willlam Waller, W. E hear ith,
J Willlam Holabird, W. Co Carneg M

 

Adams and Joba Stuart

was the order at the champlon-
Jergev State Assocka
Count County

Match play
ship meeting of the New
tion yesterday at the

  

sey

Club. The end of play left in the tried vetera:
James A. Tyng, and Archibald Grahain rt
will Theet in a "h-hh cotitest to-day
for the coveted title The race for the Conse-

lation cup, a trophy added to the regular list by

   

 

U. B. Metealf of the hore club, alse pas
semi-final stage and will be wound u
in a S3é@hole final, On form the

 

rol pair, Hamilton and Des Raismnes, 3
morning Were thought to have the best chance
but both lost in the afternoon, ‘The survivors

 

}

 

are A. H. Larkin, President of the Y ttakeh
Club, and Austin Colwate of the home. the only
Essex man to last out the day The greatest
Upset of the champlonship second round wae
the defeat of Howard A. Colby, the record
holder of the links, by his clubmate, © b. Wat-
son, Jr Che cards were

Watson, Jr 444646 6 58 4 5-41
Colby 5$& 4765 8 A 6-46
Watson, Jr. 44563 ° *-24
Colby »64664 7 % * SH5G 7uU

*hye holes not played
Graham beat abard man in Dr. Wells in fr
pressive style, and [yng won handily from Un-

    

derhill, The cards fur the two matches follow:
Grabam 6664645 44 5—<a2
Wells » 6686864685 8 & 6-44
Graham 64 5 45 58 * 32 74
Wells 7 4% 446 © %35 vv
*Bye holes not played
Tyne 653646 53 4 6-45
Underhill ese? @ 8 4-46
Tyne 6445 885% 8 4 38 &)
Underhill 6 65 & 8$ 6°6 4 5—44— BO

"ye holes

Two up at the fifteenth after
Tyng hada close shave in hismatch
Jr, inthe semi-nnals, forthe latter iWon two
straight. Facing the home hole all square, a
slight pull brought Wakon, Jr, fust outof the
narrow line of play, and he had todrop a ball
and play again, this time a slice gelting t
ballinto rough stull. Tyngw nearly drove 1
green, alucky kick helping the ball, tle won
the hole in @ to 6. The cards

vigorous play,
ithWatson,

   

Tyne 464645 4 4 6-42
Watson, Jr 46465 75 4 4-48
Tyne 64675 45 4 4—-45— 45
Watson, Jr 6558 646 4 3 6-45— 58

Marsh made a pos y fight with Graham in
the other half of the semi-finals, but the latter
won in the forceful style be has shown in each
of his matches of the tournament. The cards

 

Graham. 8355 5 43 6-41
Marsh 6564644464 6

Grabam . 6686685856344 i°* 78
Marsh 7434445 4 &u

 

* Bye hole not played

The Consolation cup rounds brought out very
spirited play by Larkin and Colgate, both of
whom won, Hamilton has been yachting and
is not at bis best, but Des Raismes had no ex-
cuses to offer. Sutumary lollows

Champtonship -Second round—W. VY. Marsh, Bal

tusrol, beat M. M. Michael, Yountakah, by l up, A
Graham, North Jersey, beat Dr J. A. Wells, Engle:
wood, by 3 up ‘and 2 to play, C. F. Watson, Jr, Es

sex County, beat Howard A. Colby, Essex Counter
by 5 up and 4 to play; James A. Tyng. Kaltusrol,
beat Howard Underhill, bssex, by 4up atid 5 w play
Semi final—CGrahaw beat Marsh, by 2 up and 1 to
play; Tyng beat Watson. Jr, by 1 up
Consolation Cup- Second round—A. H. Larkin,
Yountakab, beat T, T. Rel i, Montclair, by 8 up and
4 to i W. A. Hamilton, Baltusrol, beat G. A
Toffey ersey City, by 5 up and 4 to play: Austin
Colgate, Essex, beat H. Scott, North Jersey, by 8 up
and 7 to play: F. J. 4, Des Raismes, Balvusrol, beat
J. D. Freeman, Montclaire, by 2 up
Sem!-finat—Larkin beat Hamilton, by 4 up and2
to play; Colgate beat Des Raismes, by 5 upand 3 Ww
play.
The seventy-three who finished in the qualify-
ing rouwd are eligible to start ior the eighteen
hole handicap cup to-day

 

 

 

 

The latest developments in regard to the con-
ditional challenge from J. H. Taylor to Harry
Vardon, published in Tir SUN of yesterday, is
thie letter from Vardon's representative: —

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN— Sir’ In answer
to Mr. George S. Coxe's letter which appeared in your
issue of yesterday, | should like, whilercfusing to ac
cept Mr. J. H. Taylor's offer to play a match for the
benefit of the Galveston Fund on 1 uesday, Oct. 9, to
give my reasons for doing so.

In the first place, Harry Vardon since he came to
this country has invariably parece & practice game
on the day before he piays his match, and this is as
much ae part of the agreement with the club as the
match itself. Vardon was engaged by the Scranton
club to play on Oct. 6 and #@ as far back as last June
and his agreement with them wil) most assuredly be
kept as religiously 4s every other engagement made
by him has been kept in H country

Secondly —Ever since ‘Taylor's arrival in this
counuwy, on Aug. 11, 1 have endeavored in every con
eelvable manner to arrange for matches between the
two men, Golf clubsin the United States have offered
no less than $¥,500 in prizes and I have accepted in
every instance on Vardon's behalf all the offers that
have been made, Taylor's managers have seen. nt
to refuse to mect Vardon on every occasion, it €)
now come out with an offer, presumably in order o
square themselves with the American golfing public
for having heretofore refused ali propositions, and
Suggest @ match with Vardon at a time when he ‘s
engaged at Scranton, as they must know from the
fact that their own magazine, Golf, has published it
They also add that |t must be played on the Ath or oth
because Taylor returns to England on the 1h. never
to sure isa

at this is done simply and solely on the
Taylor's managers tn order that, now that Rha an:
tract with ‘Tavior ts cancelled, they, themselves, may
not appear before the American golfing P ihife in the
unfavorable light which they undoubtedly do now
is palpable toany one who has watchedthe correspond:
ence between Vardon and Taylor inthe }
oanere } in the dally newe-

e are perfectiy willing, however, to make t hefol-
lowing proposition to Mr. Taylor, understanding ag
1 do, from bjs managers, that bets bound to retue

 

 

ee
eee a

 

THE SUN, SATURDAY,

 

 

 

  

on ¢ 10 in order to attend a meeting of the Mid
Surry Club.

if Mr, ‘Taylor will return to the United States on or
before Nov, 20, 1000, and will agree to play Harry
Vardon @ series of seven matches, Vardon wl be per
fectly willing to pay all his expenses to and from
America and all bis expenses while in America; the
Winner to take the whole of every purse which |s of
fered for a meeting between the two men,

With sincere apologies to the American golfin
public for the golf treat which they have missed anc
my heartiest sympathy for Taylor, who through no
fault of his own has been placed In such a trying posi
tion, owing to bis managers, L remain, yours truly,

NEW YORK, Sept, 28, 1900, CHARLES 8, COX,

In a personal letter to George 8, Coxe yester-
day C. 8. Cox brought out the fact that in view
of his engagement at the Scranton Country
Club, which will hold its third annual open
tournament on Oct. 10 to 18, inclusive, it was
notin Vardon's power to make the match, ‘lo
that letter the following reply was received
Charles S. Cot, Fsq., Manager of Harry Vardon,

1. CG. Spalding & Co, City

DEAR sin In Toply to your favor of Sept. 27 1
beg to say that] was under the misapprehension that
Vardon's date for playing at Scranton was Vet, 10, in-
stead of Oct.¥. Lind, however, upon examining the
list of dates prepared by you that he bas ho engage
ment for Monday, Oct. & Hoth players, therefore,
would have ample time to retutn from ¢ tieago and

lay on that day without preventig Vardon from
ki epiug hisengagement at Serantonon Oct. 9 Mr.
‘Taylor will meet Mr. Vardon on that date if agreeable
to vouand him. Iregret that you feel the necesally
of (nsisting thatthe entige purse should go to the win-
ner instead of to the Galveston Reltef Fund. Never-
theless, this amendment to the proposed arrangenens
is accepted with the understanding, in order that the
fund may be as large as possible, that, im the event
of Mr. ‘Taylor incline, the entire sum will be turned
over to the Galveston Fund, ‘

In response to your verbal objection, that it Is Var-
don's custom to play practice gaines on the day before
an exhibition match, and that you do not wish to
deprive the members of the Scranton Club of wit
nessing such practice, I beg to suggest that this ob
stacle does pot seem insuperable Vardon, having
no engagement between the Sth and 13th, could play
at Scranton on the 0th and 10th instead of on the Sth
and #th, without inconveniencing hinself, and doubt
less to the equal Satisfaction of the members of the
cluh.

Appreciating the atrong desire expressed in your
letter of bringing about this meeting, | trust that
you will recognize that the above suggestions clear
away all obstaciea, and I have no doubt that you will
ladly cooperate In bringing about the desired result
for the gratification of American golfers before Mr.
lavlor returns permanently to England on Oct 10,
as he must do tn order to attend the fall tournament
of bis home club on Thursday, Friday and Saturday
of the fullowing week. Very truly yours,
GEORGE 8S, COXR,
Sept. 28, 1900, For J. H. Taylor.

Cnuicaao, Sept. 28.--The most surprising
foature of to-day'a play in the Western Golf
Association championship was the defeat of
John Stuart, formerly captain of the Princeton
University football team, by J. C. Daniels, @
comparatively young local player, by 1 up
The contest was only decdded at the home hole
when Daniels laid a stymie which his pe
could not negotiate and took the hole and
match Walter B. Smith plaved with the same
consistency that has characterized his play
aince the opening of the tournament and be-
sides disposing of H. P. Bend of St. Paul, rather
easily in the firat match play round, won from
Walter Knott, the young Fdgewater crack,
bv the comfortable margin of 0 up and 6 to
play after equalling his record-breaking figures
of 97 for the first round, which he established
on the initial day’a play. As @ result of to-
day's play the following are left to compete
in the serml-finals to-morrow for the three cups

Thorn Cup-—-Willlam Holabird, Jr.. Glenview; Wal
fer Smith, Gnwentsia; Gale Thompson, Washtogton

Park, and William Waller, Onweaolsta
Second Cup-W. TG. Bristol, Midlothian; Louts

Allis, Miwaukee; B.S, Horne, Allegheny; Charies
Zeublin, Midlothian

Third Gup—K. Le Ames, Faxmoor; W, A. Alexander,
Exmoor; R. G. Watson, Jr, Onwentsia, W. M. Bal

com, St Paul

 

GuENs Fas, Sept. 28.—First place tn. the
weekly tournament in the Mohican Golf Club,
held yesterday, was won by Reginald Marsh.
The net scores follow:

Reginald Marsh, 69: George S. Raley, 00: Edward
Reed, 91; Clavton J. Barber, 02; Edward M. Angell
wo H. AL Howard, 04; Frank L. Cowles, 04; Robert
© Carter, 04; Louls C. Armstrong, 04; Fred F. Pruyn,

100

PIPTSFIELD, Sept. 28.—-The competition for
the Manice cup on the Pittsfleld Country Club
couré® has narrowed down to the @nala. The
mateh of the day was Letween Mra. Manice
and H. L. Allen. The woman golfer bad a
handicap of 12 strokes, but Allen won by 2 up
anditoplay. ‘The summary

Second Round Match Play— Mrs. E A. Mantce, 14,
beat EB A. Thompson, 2, by Supand 2 to play; H
1. Dawes, Jr., &, beat L. Chauvent. 15, by 4 up and
Sto play; FB. A. Manice, 12, beat I. A, Bradley, 8,
by 12 up: H. 1. Allen beatC Houghton by default.

Sem! Finals—H. |. Allen beat Mra EF. A. Mantee,
by 2 up and) to play: H L. Dawes, Jr and EA
Manice Bnished eveu up. one hole disputed.

NIAGAKA-ON-THE-LAKE, Ontario, Sent, 28
The club bandicap of the Niagara Golf Club was
won to-day by Charles Heward of Toronto
Boores

Handicap. Medal Play, 18 Holes—Charles
lew luronto, 0S. ®-S6. Ernest Lansing, Canan
da OS, '—93; Gus Fleischmann, Jr, Buffalo,

 

 

12 : +E. P. Fiseher, New Yor\, 101, 12-99;
Joseph Burns, Niagara, 101, 12—00 Col. D. D.
Young, Royal Canadian Infantry, 106, 5—1 Watts
Larisin Cavandatgua, 134, 50-106; F. L. Dreka,
Toronto, 104, & 104

MoNtTRheaL, Sept. 28.--G. 8. Lyen of Toronto

won the armateur golf championship of ¢ anada
this afteruo u by defeating G. McDougal of
Montreal in 3S holes

MURPHY BACK, WITH AN APPETITE.
The Undertaker Retarns From Denver ta
‘Time to Register.

Charles Murphy, the undertaker of 49 Mad-

on street, Vice-President of the Seymour

{x
Club,wot home yesterday after a disappearance
that began at Bath Beach bathing pavilion
on Aue. 4, and ended in Denver, Col, a few
days aso. Murphy. was. escorted home by
his brother Frank, Murphy's family mourned
him as dead, Mrs. Murphy went into mourn-
ing, dressed the cluldren in black and a@ mass
for the repose of Murphy's soul was said at St.
es's Church

Mrs. Murphy said last night that her husband
had arrived home with a good appetite, Mur-
} y's district leader was getting anxious lest
he stay away until too late to register, but his
return yesterday has righted everything

   

 

A NORMAL SCHOOL ROMANCE,

Miss Moore of Sandy Hill Starts for Honolala
to Marry Her Former Teacher.

Guens Fanis, Sept. 28--Miss Grace Moore
of Sandy Hill started to-day on a trip almost
half around the world to join the man she loves,
Prof Irwin H. Beadle, a teacher in Honolulu
The trip and subsequent marriage is the culmi-
nation of a romance in real life, which cavers
a period of several years. Miss Moore” was
graduated from the Oswego Normal School
when Prof. Beadle waa one of the faculty. They
becamne engaged, and he secured a desirable
posit ion in Honolulu, and because of his inability
o come for her Miss Moore has gone to him
They will be married immediately upon her
arrival in Honolulu

Theatrical Cars Mast Be tn Good Condition.

The management of the Chicago, Rock Island
and Pacific Railroad has issued an order di-
recting that hereafter no private cara used
by theatrical companies be hauled over that
road unless they are provided with steel wheels
wid are in a condition to submit to a rigid ex-
amination. This) order is in consequence
of a recent ac-ident caused by the breaking
of a wheel on a private car controlled by a
theatrical company

A big ‘‘shake-up” here to-
day—over

200
Men’s Winter Suits

drop all the way down to

$10.

Sizes 34 to 46.

At Broadway and Sist St. only.

Smith, Gray & Co.

NEW YORK STORE,
BROADWAY,
CORNER 31ST ST

BROOKLYN STORES,
Broadway & Kedford Ava
| Fulton St &FlaibushaAre

 

CARPET CLEANSING.
REFITTING AND RELAYING.
326 7th Av., Near 28th Sc,

Est wed ’ 82, 27th Pater,

T. M.STEWART

SEPTEMBER 29, 1900.

_ MN ——---—vOwvrwrwoooso a rt

   

PATRIOTISM IN THE ARMY:
GEN. MILES SAYS 17 sms THE VERY
SOUL OF AN EPFICIENT Frorce.

 

 

A General Order in Which MMe Says the Na-
tlonal Holidays Will Be Celebrated With
Such Ceremonies as Will Tene to Promote
Respect and Reverence for Our Postitations.

WasHINGTON, Sept. 28 —Lieut.-Gan Miles
to-day issued a general order which he has
had in preparation for some time If is im
tended to improve the discipline and the gen~
eral conduct of the soldiers of the army It
appeals to their patriotism, reminds them that
each soldier represents a thousand of Is fel-
low citizens, and prescribes certain olwerv-
ances for national holidays to keep alive love
of the flag and the Constitution, The order

Bays:

“The absolute and unqualified devotion of
those in the military service to the welfare of
their country is an indispensable requisite and
constitutes the very soul of an efficient army.
Hence, patriotism will be inculcated and pro-
moted in every possible way, and all persons
in the military service will be expected and
required to be informed, as far as porsible, of
the principles upon which our Government is
founded, of the advantages and benefite ¢n-
joyed under the Constitution, and the respon-
sibilities which it imposes upon them, as well
as of the beneficent achievernents which con-

stitute our military history.

“The national holidays will be celebrated
with appropriate ceremonies, including the
reading of the Declaration of Independence,
Washington's Farewell Address, or the Con-
stitution of the United States, and such other
exercises as will tend to promote respect and
reverence for the institutions of our country.

“As the flag is the symbol of our nationality,
it will be held in sacred regard and every care
and protection given it at all times, The cere-
mony of “Escort of the Colors” should be so
conducted as to render it one of the most im-
pressive to the soldier, especially to the young
recruit, of all the functions in which hele re
quired to participate. Proper salutes will be
observed by all persons in the military service,

not under arms, during the raising and lowet-
ing of the national emblem.

“Good martial music contributes immeasur-
ably to the contentment and welfare of troops
aud inspires in them a valiant and patriotic
spirit, which is most essential; hence, it will
be encouraged, especially vocal music, which
will include the singing of the national an-
thems and patriotic hymus and songs. The
playing of a national or patriotic air as @ part
of a medley is prohibited

“The vital importance of discipline must
be fully understood by and impr upon
all in the military service, It is indispensable,
cannot be lighUy regarded, and must be main-
tained under all circumstances, Lax disel-
pline destroys efficiency and produces de-
moralization in all branches of the service,
aud every act or influence that tends to pro-
duce it must be discouraged and prohibited.

“Drills and military exercises, including
calisthenics, will be made, as far as practicavie,
interesting, progressive and varied, and #0
instructive thatthe commands will fully eom-
prehend the objects to be accomplished, Drills
and manteuvres should be, as far as practica-
ble, illustrative and simultatory of the cir-
cumstances and rapidly changing conditions
of actual battle manwuvres,

“Where practicable the three arms of the
service will be assembled for instruction in the
manures incident to the preliminary condi-
tions of battle, in the use of three arma of the
service in action. and in the proper disposition
of the same following an engagement.

“Military exercises should include frequent
marches, oecasionally of several consecutive
days, during which all the conditions of march-
ing # an enemy's country would be observed
and all important facts, such as the distance
passed over, time ocenpied, the effect upon
the troops, the serviceability of clothing equip-
ment, transportation, tentage, ammunition, de.,
will be carefully noted and reported to super-
ior authority

“All duties of the character ahove referred
to, either for instruction or for physical exer-
cise, will be so regulated as to secure the hest
military results and at the sarne time attain to
the finest physical condition and development
of the commands

“All sports, amusements and recreations
that tend to preaerve the health and assure the
contentment of the troops, as well as to im-
prove their physical excellence and mental
attainments, will be encouraged.

“While garrison duty is important for the
purpose of discipline and fnstruction, ample
time will be devoted to fleld exercises, for it
should be remembered that efficient service
{i the fleld is the final object for which armies
are maintained

“Military problems will be carefully and
timely prepared for solution during important
military drills and mangwuvres

Great care will be taken to make the post
echools interesting, instructive and benefcial
Special attention will be paid to having the men
comprehend fully the character of our Govern-
ment, the principles of the Constitution, the
colonial history of this country and ita military
aud political history, together with the story
of its progress and development

“Only well selected literature will be allowed
in the post libraries, and special attention will
be given to the selection of books, magazines
and journals having a wholesome moral tone
and that are instructive and = enlightening
\ll Nterature of a vicious nature will be ex-
cluded from the camp or garrison

Military lyceums should be established
where and whepever the exigencies of the
service admit of sufficient time being devoted
to them. They should be conducted in +
manner as to bring out the best thought an
information of the members voluntarily, rather
than compulsorily, a» it is believed that fn this
way the resulta obtained will be more bene
ficial and satisfactory

Every person in the milltarv service of the
United States will pay the deepest respect to
the law of the land, whether local or national,
and will so conduct himself among cfvilians, by
word and eet, as to bring credit upan the uni-
form he wears and mark himself as one of the
law-abiding citizens of the Republic.”

 

BROOKLYN OFFICIALS CENSTU RED.

Grand Jury Includes the “Deputy Commis-
sioner of Parks.'’

The Kings county Grand Jury in its present-
ment handed down yesterday had this to say
about the condition of Fifteenth street in South
Brooklyn: '

“We found Fifteenth street, from Prospect
Park West to the Boulevard, in a deplorable
and dangerous condition and censure the Deputy
Commissioner of Highways, the Depuy Com-
missioner of Parks and the Deputy Sewer Com-
gsioner for their negligence for the condition

this street.

Passenger Train Hits Coal Car.

PaTenson, N. J., Sept. 28.—There was a email
wreck on the Lackawanna Railroad this evening
at Vreeland Crossing, about two miles west of
triscity. Several coal cars had been left ona
ei ding and the last one was not entirely oear of
the main track. The eastbound passenger train
due in this city at 8 o'clock, caught the end of
this coal car. The side of one passenger car
which was empty, Was ripped out. The passen-
gers in the other Cars were shaken.up, but no
one Was hurt

The Weather,

The cold weather which was moving down from the
northwest was modified overthe Central States yes-
terday aud the centre of high pressure moved north
over the Lake regions into Canada, carrying the last
of the cold snap in that «direction. It was growing
warmer west of the Mississippl. Frosts occurred in
Michigan, Nebraska, Colorado and Wyoming

Showers occurred In lowa, Nebraska, Illinois, Wis-
consin, Kentucky and Michigaa and on the coast
from New Jersey to North Carolina in the morning;
elsewhere falr weather prevailed

In this city the day was fair sawe for @ light
aptinkle of rain about 10 A. M; wind, fresh,
northerly; maximum temperature, 76 at 1 P. M.;
average humidity, 72 per cent; barometer, corrected
to read to sea level, at 6 A. M, 30.16; 8 P.M., 80.10,

The temperature as recorded by the official ther-
mometer, and also by THE SUN'S thermometer at the
street level, is shown in the annexed table:

 

 

 

—OMeiat— Sun's! -OMetal— Sun’
100, 16898. 1000.) 1900. 1699, 1000,
OA. M.67° 67° on OP. M..68° +“ 60°

12M 73° “5° 71° OP. M..67* “3° 67°
SP. M..74° 66° 72° 12 Mid.. 64° 60° 6n°

WASHINGTON FORECAST FOR TO-DAY AND
TO-MORROW.

For the District of Columbia and Maryland, gener-
ally fair today and to-morrow; warmer to-day; light
north to east winds

For Delaware, eastern Pennsylvania and New Jer-
sey, generally fair today and to-morrow; light east
winds.

For eastern New York, fair to-day; partly clewdy
to morrow; probably rain in north and central portions;
light east winds

For New England, generally fair to day and to-mor-
row; light winds, mostly east to southeast

For western New York, warmer to-day, with fair in
eastand rain in west portion; probably rain tomor-
row, with warmer in east portion; light east to south-
east winds

For western Pennsylvania, rain to day and proba.
bly to-morrow; warmer to-day in north portion; light
east lo soulpeast winds,

ee

  
 
 
    

 

A SODA

TRADE MARK

Small Stee! Capsules, Filled With Liquid Carbonic-Acid-Gas

MAKE ALL DRINKS SPARKLING.

Every family uses more or less aerated water. Expense,
danger of breakage, and the trouble of storing bottles full and

empty limits the consumption.
SPARKLETS have put the pleas-
ures and benefits of aerated waters
within the reach of everybody.
One or at most two bottles will
suffice for the family, and the best
soda will cost 4 cents a quart.

Pint bottles, $1.50 up.

Pint syphon attachments, 50 cts.
Quart syphons, $3.00 up.

Pint SPARKLETS (10 in a box), 25 cts.
Quart SPARKLETS (10 in a box), 40 cts.

Mineral Tablets and Fruit Syrups Furnished. __

      
 

ad etd ?
Revd
WAY rs Y

  

   

 

All Dealers. Write for Booklet.

B’way & 25th St., N. Y. City.

Compressed Gas Capsule Co.,

   

   

  

w & The Success #*% &

of your Fall and Winter gowns should not beimperilled by the
use of inferior fastenings, The bending or unfastening of a
single hook will ruin the effect of the most well made gown,

The

SNAP HOOK AND EYE

        
   
     
 

THE HOOK OF 1900

is absolutely reliable, neber bends or breaks, cannot come
undone till you are ready, when a pull does it.

If your dealer does not keep them, send 10 cts,
fora sample card. Say whether white or black.

SNAP HOOK & EYE CO., 377 Broadway, N. Y. City.

A TASTE

must be cultivated for many of the health foods and even then
there is no real pleasure in their use.

COOK’S FLAKED RICE

is a health food that tempts. It is en-

 
 
      
   

joyed by every member of the family.
The baby can live on it and thrive.

ABSOLUTELY NO COOKING

Full directions and book of tested receipts
in every package.

All Grocers. Large package, 15 cts,

 

    

 

CAPT, MONCRIFFE'S UNPAID CHECK.

COUNT FESTETICS'S DEFENCE.

It Is for ©200 and Represents a Board Bill at
Newport—He's a British Army Officer.

Newport, R. I, Sept, 28.—The proprietor of
the Berkeley apartment house is looking for
Capt. R. Moncriffe of the English army, who
has left town leaving behind a check for $200,

which the boarding-house keeper cannot get
the bank tg cash. There are no funds to pay
it. Capt. Moncriffe, it is said, served with Lord
Roberts in the Transvaal and came to this coun-
try and to Newport for recuperation, the war
having made a wreck of him. He is highly
connected in England, it is said, and while at
Newport was entertained by the leading cot-
tawers. Before Igaving Newport he gave the
check for $200, saying that he was going away,
but would come back, and would leave the check
as security, but that there would not be money
to meet the check for some days. He has now
been gone nine days. The whereabouts of
Capt, Moncriffe is net known

 

 

He Denies the Charge of Cruelty Made in His
Wife's Divorce Suit.

Ran Francisco, Sept. 28.—Count Rudolph
Festetica de Tolna, who is back in his Austrian
home after years of South Sea wanderings,
will oppose the divorce suit of his wife, who
is now with her father, Lewls D. Haggin, in
New York. The Countess accuses her husband
of desertion, failure to provide and cruelty
She alleges that the Count insisted upon cruis+

ing around the South Seas in a yacht whie
did not afford the common necessaries of life,
and hence to keep her health she was forced
to leave him. It ls understood that the Count
denies the charge of cruelty and declares that
her other charges do not constitute ground
for action,

 

Ignacto Martinett! Married.

Tgenacio Martinetti, the dialect comedian and
dancer now appearing in “A Million Dollars”
at the New York Theatre, was married last
Saturday to Mrs, Carrie Radcliffe-Ferris, the

divorced wife of John Ferris, Jr. Mrs, Marti-
netti has been for the past three seasons the
leading actress of the Forepaugh stock com-
pany in Philadelphia, She was divorced sev-
eral years ago from her husband, Ignacio
Martinetti has been known for some vears as
a comnedian in musical farce, He has appeared
here with Marie Jansen, May Irwin and in some
of E. BE. Rice's productions. The marriage took
lace at St. John’s Evangelical Lutheran Chureh

 

 

German Officers Not Getting Insured.

The report that the New York Life Insurance
Company has had positive information that
Germany will at once declare war on China
is utterly false. It was said that because of
the impending war the insurance company
had been tnsuring a large number of German
ny officers. This, too, is falne. W, F
Buckley, the Second Vice-President of the
company, said yesterday:

“There is no truth in the statement that
we are insuring a sarge huinber of German
Sipctre—-nor any number, for that matter,
The story is a fake and made u
who don't know what they're

n Philadelphia, where Mrs, Martinetti lives.
This is Mr. Martinetti's second marriage.

by persons
king about.”

 

a - - —— |

EVERY HOUSENOLD Ao TRAVELLING TRUNK oucHT To coNTAIn A BOTTLE oF

ENO’S ‘FRUIT SALT’

A Simple Remedy for Preventing & Curing by Natural Means

All Functional Derangements of the Liver, Temporary Congestion
arising from Alcoholic Beverages, Errors in Diet
Biliousness, Sick Headache, Giddiness, Vomiting, Heartburn
Sourness of the Stomach, Constipation, Thirst, Skin Eruptions
Boils, Feverish Cold, Influenza, Throat Affections, & Fevers of all kinds.

TESTIMONIAL.—“TI have been @ nurse for ten

" ears, and have nursed cases

of cones sore, py@mia, erysipelas, measles, gangrene, cancer, and almost eve!

oe pre © disease, singe | this time I have not been il! for a single day, an
ue attribute to the use of Eno's * Fruit Salt,’ which has kept my blood in a

pure state. I recommend it to all my patients during convalescence. Ite

¥
eal one of health cannot be overestimated.”—A PnRoressionaL

THE EFFECT oF ENO'S ‘FRUIT SALT‘ ona DISORDERED

, SLEEPLESS, ano FEVERISH CONDITION
18 SIMPLY MARVELLOUS. Ir 18, im FACT, MATURE'S OWN REMEDY, ano Aw UNSURPASSED ONE,
CAUTION, —See capsule marked ENO'S ‘FRUIT SALT.’ IWishout it, you havea WORTHLESS (MITATION,

Prepared only hy J. C. ENO, Lt4., ‘FRUIT SALT’ WORK
-s & LONDON, ENG., by J. ©. Patent
’ Wholemle of Messrs B. FOUGERA & CO. % o% & # North William miresn New Tort

 
 

 
      
    
       
       
     
      
        
        
         
    
     
         
     
 
 

—-es

ST

=e oe oss os

a

iiss

“47,

Sens

= oR>e>rt

28