oe -
—_—_—

SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1900.

ED

 

 

Sabsortptions by Mail, Postpaid.

 
  
  

DAILY, pet MOmtD..cecceccrerecerentenreees . 60 60
DAILY, per Year.... . 2600
BUNDAY, per VOar.ccecccceeers im . 200
DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Year.....++s++++- 800

DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Monin voc cccrecer 7e
Postage to foreign countries added.
THE SUN, New York City.

 

PARIs—-Kiosque No. 12, near Grand Hotel, and
Kiosque No. 10, Boulevard des Capucines

1? our friends who favor ua with manuscripts for
pudlication wish to have rejected articles returned, they
must in adi cases send stamps for that purpose.

 

 

 

 

 

Capt. Shields and His Men.

The Manila news is that Capt. SHretps
of the Twenty-ninth Infantry and fifty-two
other soldiers have been captured or kill
in the Philippines.

We do not suppose that this will cause
WILLIAM JENNINGS Bryan to cease from
comforting and encouraging AGUINALDO by
attacks upon the Republican Administration
and by promising that if elected he, BRYAN,
will haul down the Stars‘and Stripes. The
Democratiocandidate will probably continue
to call for the surrender of the Philippines,
Lawton, Capt. SHreups and his men and
others notwithstanding. But the news
must fill the heart of every healthy American
with the resolve to stand by our soldiers in
the Philippines as they are standing by the
flag which the Treaty of Paris formally
raised there.

The people of the United States will neither
order our soldiers to turn their backs on an
armed enemy nor desert them while they
are steadfast. The Americans will not -ur-
render to AGUTNALDO in Luzon or to BRYAN
in the United States.

The Dreadful Sacrifice Richard
Croker Is Making for Bryan.

Ricnanp Croker remained in England
during the Bryan campaign of 1896. Tam-
many Hal) awallowed the Chicago platform
and candidate asa necessity of preserving
{te party ‘regularity;” but the master of
Tammany Hall, as a sensible man, kept out
of sight while his agenta were perfunctorily
assisting the effort to bring about financial
ruin for him, for themselves and for this
great commercial capital.

Now, however, in the second Bryan cam-
paign for the same purpose Mr. CROKER Is
on hand directing Tammany in person, as if
he was actually the most ferocious of Bryan-
ites, and betting on the side of BRYAN osten-
tatiously. Political prudence may require
of him such a change of attitude; but in
playing the part he 1s compelled to make a
sacrifice so dreadful that he deserves com-
miseration

The rapid rise of Ricnharp CROKER from
modest and humble subordination to a
command of Tammany more absolute than
that of any other of its leaders throughout ita
history is one of the most remarkable things
in American polities. Attempts at rebellion
against his authority have been made by
rivalry and envy, but he has always crushed
them easily, so that never before was his
dictatorship of Tammany so absolute as it
is to-day, Of recent years he has not been
afraid to leave his throne of power for
months together, while he enjoyed himself
or sought recuperation in England, though
his absence was sure to revive or provoke
plots for his overthrow among those who
were restive under his fron rule. Without
hastening his return he has always come
back from the English racecourses and
forthwith resumed unopposed dictatorship.
Men once prominent in Tammany and be-
fore the public have gone down into
obscurity as a penalty for having provoked
his disapproval or resentment, Anti-Tam-
many movements have been started, but
whatever their apparent or ephemeral suc-
cess, they have speedily gone to pieces and
left no sign, while their leaders and organ-
{zers have usually ended by rendering
submission to the Croker authority.

Now, all this indicates unmistakably and
unanswerably that RicRARD CROKER {is a
masterful man; and he has commanded the
public admiration which always goes out
to such a character, even from those most
opposed to him politically and those who
most lament the moral influence of his
career, He was a strong, self-contained
man; but more than all, he won popular
respect because he was altogether with-
ovt humbug in his composition and his
methods

He bas not played a false part. Still bet-
ter, his absolute leadership of the Tammany
forcesjas kept in restraint a great element
of the population of New York which might
easily have been made dangerous to the
security of its property and the stability
of its As absolute controtler of
these forces he could have led them where
he willed. Actually, he subdued tendencies
among them which would have excited
the alarm of conservatiam if license had
been suffered tothem. Whatever the methods
used and however reprehensible some of
them may have been on purely moral
grounds, they accomplished the end of
making New York one of the most orderly
and outwardly the most decent of the great
capitals of the world. That practical result
disarmed the sensationalism of Park-
HURST.

Nor can it be denied that the most con-
servative interests of New York have as-
sisted in strengthening the dominion of
Tammany as exercised by RICHARD CROKER.
He has himself become a very rich man,

with investments reaching out into large
corporate enterprises, by which his influ-
ence was courted
is the reputation which RicHarp
CROKER brought into this campaign, But
what remainsof it now? Read his dema-
Rogie appeal to “ young men

 

society.

suc

They [young men) reali that a continuance of
the Repubiican policy means that (heir future employ
ment will depend on the will of the trusts. They must
se as their master either MARK HANNA and the
men he dominates on the one hand

cho

or a Government

elected and controled by themselves on the other
Trust Governonent means non employment, distress
beg@ary and desnatr ndw inevitably result in the
loss of our libertte lL advise all young men, trre
epective of party afMiiiat to read, think, talk and
act It is they and they alone who @re to decide
whether they will live under a trust controlled empire

of a republie founded on
“In other words, the vital issue of this campaign as
far as the v« € men are cor
Will crush the tr r whether
trusts to crush then

he consentof a free people

sts they will permit the

This is strange talk to come from M:
Croker, hin distinctively a ‘trust
character, beside whose political master
ship Mr. Hanes is servitude He
mixed up w the corporations he calis
‘trusts it hem oup to his neck As a
sensible man he recognizes their value to
himself, growing out of their value and

benefit to the public, and as a sagactous in-
vestor he goes into them accordingly He

c

cerned is whether they |

    
   

  

sees that the new organization of the in-
dustrial system which has come in is a

 

natural and inevitable social evolution
which will tend only to the advantage of
labor and open up for young men more
successful careers as the reward of fidelity
and ability than they could have hoped for
in the past. These rewards, too, will go
rather to young men bred to labor and self-
denial than to those not enured to work and
| who are acoustomed to luxury.

{ Besides, it is a seditious utterance in-
tended to affect mischtevously the ‘' trusts "’
and other businese associations in which
Mr. Croker himself is concerned, whose
respect and confidence he prizes and needs,
The mob violence he feels obliged to incite
in the interest of Bryan would be against
his own property. He is distinctively a
product of the modern system of consolida-
tion and organization his letter would
arouse the populace to assail, and he has
been enriched by it.

One of the great causes of Mr, CROKER'S
strength as it has developed has been his

| reticence of speech and the sagacity of the

| few words he uttered. He has been hithertu
a worker rather thana talker; but in this
campaign he vies with Bryan himself in
turbulence and volume of language. He ts
bragging like a ward politician and dis-
sembling like the cheapest demagogue
catering for the lowest of voters. This
man of repose and reserve has become
transformed for the moment into a blatant
agitator. His letter to the young men
reads like the composition of some callow
Tammany novice.

Is not this a harrowing part for Richanp
Croker to play? Does not his playing it
indicate that the Bryan campaign is In
desperate straits?

You know, Mr. CroxgER, you cannot elect
Bryan even by pretending to be a fool; and
the game is not worth the candle. Why,
then, are you sacrificing your reputation
as a man of common sense, which really
you are, firat of all?

 

A Base Conception of the Presidency.

A favorite piece of vulgar demagogy
with Bryan is to deacribe the President
as simply a “ hired man.”

“The President is just a hired man,”
he said, for instance, in a speech at Papil-
lion in Nebraska on Thuraday. “ He has
a longer term thar the average hired man,”
he went on, “ and geta better wages than
most hired men, but he ‘'s nothing but a
hired man.” Candidates for election to
the Presidency, according to his notion,
are simply men offering themselves to be
“hired.” “ We are willing to be hired by
the publio,” he makes them aay, * will
acoept the salary provided by law and
discharge the duties of the office.”

Of course, that is one way in which the
Presidency can be looked at. The most
exalted places and the most illustrious
personages and glorious deeds can be
brought down by an ignoble mind to ite
own level. Patriotism, valor, self-sacri-
floe may be treated by it as inspired only
by motives of gain comprehensible by the
vilest nature. The grace, the dignity,
the noblest elevation of humanity may
seem to such a mind nothing more than
“hired” service.

If BRYAN or any other man chooses to
regard them in that light of vulgar cynicism
{t is his unquestionable privilege thus to
exhibit the degradation of his mind; cer
tainly in this Republic, 80 far as conoerns the
Presidency, there is no law making lese
majesté a crime to prevent him.

In this Republic, however, the greatest
{n the history of the world and now the
greatest State of the world, a heinous
moral offence against the American people

{s committed by this man BrrYan in go |

base a characterization of the office which
most highly represents their majesty.

The actual fallacy of his description of
the President of the United States as “ just
a hired man” we do not need to point out
to any American familiar with the history
of this Republic and with the provisions
of the Constitution relating to the Execu-
tive office. Such pecuniary compensation
as the President receives, as every intelli-
gent American knows, is not in any respect
in the nature of “ wages,” but rather a
sum bestowed in order that the President
may maintain fitly the exalted dignity of
his office as the representative before the
world of the majesty of the American
people.

They will never elevate to that exalted
office any man who has no higher con-
ception of it than that the President of
the United States is " just a hired man”
and differs from “ the average hired man *
only in getting “ better wages;" nor any man
who treata an election for the Presidency
of momentous conseqnence as merely a
choice between “ candidates willing to be
hired by the public and to accept the salary
provided by law.”

It will be a grander and a nobler and

a truer ideal of the Presidency which
will send fifteen millions of American
citizens to the polls on the 6th of next

November.

 

Her Pipe as Ground for Divorce,

One of the grounds on which Mr. Lam-
RERT of Baltimore asks for a limited divorce
is that Mrs. LAMBERT smpkes a pipe. In
view of the importance “of the question,
the learned Court may deem it proper to
make a distinct deliverance as to the cir-
cumstances in which pipe smoking on
the part of the lady is or is not sufficient
cause for separation

In that event the Court will naturally
eall for further specifications. To make
the decision comprehensive and definite
it will be necessary to know what kind of
pipe and what sort of tobacco the lady
uses, Two generations ago there were
reputable dames in this country who made
it a practice after each meal to light a
clean T. D. and, sitting close by the jambs
of the fireplace, permit the amoke to mingle
with that of the smouldering backlog on
its Way up the chimney. The
they used was ordinary smoking tobacco,
bought by the pound at the general store
There ia no recorded instance of the master
of a house asking for a divorce because the
mistress thus enjoyed herself. Whether
similar indulgence in these days would be
sufficient ground for divorce is one of the
questions this action ought to settle But
it would hardly be claimed that the modern
wife has the right to smoke navy plug in
a black dudeen, sitting in the front parlor
bay window. Thus it appears from these
two extremes that there are various degrees

f offensiveness in pipe smoking by the

ily of the house, The Court will want
t» know whether the lady in this instance
an English bulldog pipe charged
| with a mixture of yellow leaf and perique,

a decorated German porcelain with the

branch of a tree for a stem, a meerachaum

with an amber mouthpiece, a red clay
with a yard of reed stem, an ordinary corn-
cob, or some other of the many kinds of

tobacco

favors

   

THE SUN,

 
 

pipes affected by lovers of the fragrant

weed. Then, the sort of tobacco she uses | mighty wey.
having been determined, the decision of | Duty and he bid them do.
the Court can be made as comprehensive |

as the question demands.

Mr. Lampert does not set forth that his
wife offends him by smoking tobacco,
but by smoking {t in a pipe. Therefore
the question of the lady's right to burn the
weed in other ways will remain for settle-
ment in some future action unless Mr.
LaMBERT alleges in his further specifica-
tions that he suggested cigars or cigarettes
as a substitute.

 

Lincoln’s Answer to Carl Schurz.

Mr. Cant Scrurnz made a long speech |

at Cooper Union last night, in which he
assailed President MoKinugey and de-
nounced the policy of his Administration.

It is appropriate therefore that this
letter of ABRAHAM LINCOLN to this same
Mr, Cary Scrurz should now be read again
by the people, It was written thirty-eight
years ago, having been dated Nov. 24,
1862, or in the seoond year of the war for
the Union:

“ T have just received and read your letter of the
20th, The purport of it ts that we lost the late eleo
ons and the Administration is failing because the
war is unsuccessful, and that I must not fatter my-
eel! that I am not fusily to blame for it

“1 certainly know that if the war fa(ls, the Admin-
istration faila, and that I will be blamed for it, whether
I deserve {t or nok And I ought to be blamed if I
could do better. You think I could do better; there
fore you blame me already. I think I could not do
better; therefore I blame you for blaming me.

“ I understand you now to be willing to socept the
help of men who are not Republicans, provided they
have‘ heartinit' Agreed. I wantnoothera But
who {8 to be the judge of hearts, or of ‘ heartin it’? If
1 must discard my own Judgment and take yours, I
must also take that of others; and by the time I should
reject all I ahould be advieed to reject, I should have
none left, Republicans or othera—not even yourself,

“ Por be assured, my dear air, there are men who
have ‘ heart in {t' that think you are performing your
part as poorly as you think J am performing mine.”

We have printed this before, but tt bears
reading many times as an exhibition of
the spirit of the patient, forbearing, humor-
ous Lixcoun under the jabbing of a chronic
faultfinder who owed to him only gratitude
and profound respect.

Besides, it has a special application to
the long speeoh of Mr, Cann Sonvunz last
night.

 

 

Commercial Hydras.

The Cincinnati Enquirer throws
characteristic Demoocratio spear at the

| this
| Octopus:

” There has scarcely been an hour since the defeat
of the Republican party {n 1802 that the owners of
the ‘ Trusts ' have not been trying to evade the laws
which prohibit its organization, They have fought
in all the courts to prove that they are not‘ Trusta’
They have taken advantage of every technicality -
they have forsworn themselves in every court they
have avoided proceases they have changed {ts name

they have outraged decency they have corrupted
juries and debauched electors tn the vain effort of
proving that they are not within the pale of the law.
One thing abides: The people are after them, and as
certain as the sun rises and sets they will overtake
and destroy these commercial hydras. Courts can
not save them No decision made, whether secured
by corruption or {ncompetency, will shield them from
the fust indignation. the righteous wrath - their

| infamous robberies have aroused. The day has
dawned which will witness their destruction. Their
Neither
They
|

‘vested rights’ are the vilest of pretences
justice nor deserved punishment ts sleeping.
are merely patient”

It ts unpardonably impudent of the
Trusts to take advantage of their technical
righta in the courts. Such rights and all
others should be taken away from them.
The Trust should be killed and the Trusta
grilled over a slow fire. Their property
should be confiscated for the benefit of
virtuous and deserving Trust smashers.
If the people are after them, the people
should be hard after them and give the
| commercial hydras a good run for their
money.

But are the people after them and full
of just indignation and righteous wrath?
The commercial hydras have not pre-
vented the people from becoming im-
mensely prosperous. Under such circum-
stances it is hard to summon up wrath
against commercial hydras. They must
be pretty good hydras and entitled to wear
| thelr heads

Bogus and plenty of it ts the Democratio
fashion in campaign iseues.

 

Where the Democratio Party Is At.

The language used by the Hon. Apnar
FEwina STEVENSON in accepting the Popu-
list nomination for Vice-President, reveals
the nature of the transaction. Under
ordinary circumstances, the Democracy's
nominee for Vice-President would have
addressed the “supporters of the Demo-
cratic party.” As it ia, poor Mr. STEVENSON
has to solicit “ support of Mr. Bryan.”

The Democratic party, now but a com-
panion to the Populista and Silver Republi-
eans, is tagging on after “ Mr. Bryan,”
the representative of surrender in war
and repudiation in peace,

 

The Hon. Jon~ Trier Moraan, of Alabama,
ata meeting of the Jackson Democratic As@o-
ciation in the District of Columbia last Tuesday,
put the silver question at the top The alleged
paramount" issue of impertalism he did not
put at the bottom, but simply kicked it off the
platform.

 

A citizen bas been found to run on the
so-called ‘‘antl-imperialist’’ ticket {n Mas-
sachusetts, though it is not yet definitely
known that he has accepted. The project
of these anti-imperialists is the nomina-
tion In each State of one solitary, lonesome,
isolated, separate, Presidential Elector who
shall ‘stand’ without fear of rivalry or politi-
| cal competition to be voted for as a “protest”
| against all candidates ani parties. Thus in

Massachusetts, which has fifteen Electors, each

anti-impertalist voter will write the name of

this one Presidential Elector on his ticket and
place a crossinark beside the name, entirely
ignoring the other fourteen Electors

The romination of one political scarecrow

Flector in each State to be balloted for as a pro-

teat against all the Presidential candidates in

nomination and pledged, if elected, to support

for President and Vice-President two candi-
| dates who have withdrawn from the fleld is a
diverting feature of a serious canvass.
| We regret to see that the Hon Jom Barney
| of Texas has bet $15,000 against a stable of
horses that Mr. BRYAN will be elected. Here
Mr. BaILeY makestwo mistakes, He is a foe
of plutocrats and ought not to let people know
that he is one. And if he is, he can find few
surer Ways of parting with his money than to
bet it on Mr. Bryan

The Hon. Grtoror FRED has met another check
| in his task of advising and commanding the

Democratic world. He issued ordera that
the Hon. JoHN R. THAYER, the present Repre-
sentative of the Eleventh Massachusetts Con-
a@ress district, should not be renominated with.
recanting his objections to 16 to 1. Mr
THAYER, a Gold Democrat with little or no
avmpathy with Bryanism, positively declined
to recant and he will be renominated by a ma-
| jority of about 100 to 7 of the delegates. Men
| of all sorts take a delight in girding at the

out

 

psy’)

SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER

Ve

ae 7 ' : ; mn

 

 

fmmortal Wriizams, but still he keeps on his
He tells the Democrats what
They refuse at
| the pertl of his displeasure; and they seem
| to feel a happiness in bearding that peril.
| ona
The Hon, Toomas Porter of Lynn, Mass,
the bard of the Massachusetts House of Repre-
sentatives, has been beaten by a rival states-
man who ie nota poet. The enemies of portry
| are recalling this ead specimen of Mr. PorRTER'S
| verse building
* Where are the men, both young and old,
Whose smile and bandelasp I so need?
| I pause to think; my heart grows cold;
Why, thie ts horrible, indeed!"
More than horrible; most horrible. Mr. Pon-
THR Is an able citizen, but there are verses
which not gods, men or columns can bear,

 

 

The Hon, Jonn W. BretpentnaL, Bank
Commissioner of Kansas, is the Fusion candl-
date for Gevernor of that State. He says that
the bank deposits in it have inoreased greatly
as the result of four years of good crops and
that there will be a further increase of deposits
and poasibly a decrease of loans. “ Our banks,”
he says, “could stand a withdrawal of deposits
double the amount withdrawn during the
panic of 1802 without calling in a single loan
and still have a reserve of 20 per cent. in excess
of the legal requirement.” This ia not a cheer-
ful atate of affairs for the Bryanites and will
not help persuade anybody that Col. BRYAN
was right in asserting that prosperity is on the

wane

TRUSTS IN POLITICS,

Their Status ia Other Countrios,

Totnes Epitorn or THs Sun—Sir; The f{llogt-
oal attacks of Mr. Bryan and his party upon
business combinations astonish the nations of
Europe. Their expertenoe with trusts has ex-
tended over afar longer period than ours, but
they are not accustomed to a demagogical
treatment of the question, These combina-
tions flourished {no all the great trading coun-
tries of Continental Furopelong before America
knew them because the conditions that made
them desirable existed in Furope long before
they appeared in the Western world

But European demagogues have not suc-
ceeded in dragging trusta into politics as has
been done in thia country. Even in Austria-
Hungary, where there has been some sort of
organization against business combinations,
the people will not follow the lead of the anti-
trust agitatora The reason for this in Aus-
tria-Hungary as in Germany is, as Consul-
General Mason writes from Berlin, because
trusta are regarded by the people as giving
steadiness and regularity to business and as
necessary under conditions that tend to atimu-
late flerce and reckless competition which Is
ruinous alike both to the selling and buying
public

The European nations regard trusts as a
purely business matter, serving legitimate pur-
poses and aubject to regulation by law so that
the Interests of all may be conserved. Trusta,
both in Europe and America, acquire and re-
tain a large volume of trade only by the merits
and cheapness of their products.

Our Democratic friends themselves have re-
peatedly defined and indorsed those views on
trusta that are held by intelligent men the
world over. The Hon. B. T. Clayton, Demo-
cratic Congressman from Brooklyn, for ex-
ample, aaid in the Aouse last winter:

“IT would not advocate or assist In passing any law
that would tnjure legitimate business or prevent com
binations, whether of men or of capital, for honest
and proper purposes. We must protect capital when
used to develop our resourcea, to establish and carry
on our manufacturing establishments, our ratiroads,
our various industrial enterprises, and our com-
mereial business It ts only necessary that laws
should be passed to prevent the abnae of the power
that comes from the combination of large interests
and to remedy those evils that now exist.”

This is a fair statement of the views and
polloy not only of the Republican party, but of
the great business and commercial interesta on
both sides of the ocean. A.

BRrookiyYn, Sept. 28.

OLD MEN, THEY’RE AFTER YOU.

 

What Young Democrats Should De to Please
Mr. Croker.

To THE Enpirorn or The SunN—Sir: Deeply
impressed by Mr. Croker’s advice to young men to
take an {Interest in politics, I beg leave tosuggest that
the young Democrats of this city who are left out in
the cold by the old gang of oMceholders who fill all
the lucrative positions under the city government,
grt together in the several Assembly districts
and organize a Young Men's Democratic Club, and
elect representatives from each Assembly district toa
Young Men's General Committee for Greater New
York. Thisits the only way for youn® men to geta
hearing tn New York city polities It was the way tn
which James T. Brady and other smart young men
got a recoguition in the olden time.

Perhaps Mr. Croker bas got tired of the old barna-
elesof Tammany Hall, from the City Chamberiain
down, who have been feeding at the pudite erio ever
since the days of John Kelly; and ff the young Dem-
ocracy will only take him at his word and go {nto
polities with a determination to be heard and seen,
they will be able to compel Mr. Croker (should bis
talk at present be all softsawder and taffy) to
recognize them sure. « Joun J. O'RKREFR,

425 WEST FORTY SECOND STREET, Sept. 27

Tho Coal Strike,

TO THR Eprror oF THE St'n—Str: The fol
lowing extracts taken from a letter just reerived from
a friend living in Hazleton, from whom I requested
an {mpartial statement of the merits of the coal
strike, serve to vindicate every statement and opinion
on the strike made in THE Sun. This gentleman's
profession brings him tnto somewhat intimate rela
tions with anumber of miners, tn different localities,
and his opinion has weight at this time

“The miners here were not growling about bad
times, when all at once these agitators hove in sight
and began to stir them up wa fever heat. This, of
course, furnished amusement for the young bloods
who are always acbing for excitement of some sort,
but the old men felt badly about ft and are still
anxious to work

“The strike looks like a Bryan bluff all the way
through, and many of us here take this view of it I
know that plano lessons are given in several miners’
houses and $1 per hour pald for them without any
trouble

“Ot course there are cases of sickness and death by
accident in the mines which cause legitimate poverty,
but otherwise good clothing and sufficient food are in
evidence. I have travelled by bicycle over nearly
every road in this vicinity, and can tell you a good
deal about appearances Itis true that some houses
belonging to miners look pretty sloppy, but I belfeve
that this is because the people are sloppy. The
typical miner's house ts well bullt and ts painted
with red metallic paint, presenting a neat appearance
They are allneatiy furnished inside, Rent is gen-
erally $5 per month Some of the houses are equipped
with hot and cold water and bathroom. I believe that
the company's store can be patronized at pleasure
You see itis handy to have such stores, for new men
can get creditat once, before they begin toearn any
thing. In other stores cash ts required where a man
is unknown. The powder question is managed on a
certain plan, with which I am not entirely famiifar,
but many of the men seem satisfied about {t.

“Regarding payroll statements in THe Swuwn, I
believe that they are all correct." A.C. M,

346 West Fleventh street, Nrw Yor«K.

 

The Century Magazine for October tn four of {ta ar
ticles considers various aspects of China and the Chi
nese question, Ernest von Hesse Warterg tells of a
visit to the tomb of Confucius; Sheridan Read, lately
Consul at Thentsin, considers the Chinese as business

men; Bishop Potter writes of Chinese Tratts and
Western Blunders: and Mr. Wu Ting fang makesea
Plea for Falr Treatment. Mr, William Mason's

Memories of a Musical Life are continued Inter-
estingly; and Mr. Morley'’s Cromwell ts ended. Sir
Walter Besant and Mr. Pennell collaborate in ‘' Rast
London Types,’ and Gov, Roosevelt writes of Civic
Helpfulness The number ts important for other
contributions, too

 

Harper's Magatine for October contains many
articles of interest and value. Poultney Bigelow,
Miss Wilkins, Chalmers Roberts, H. H. Lowry, W
W. Jacobs, Alexander Hume Ford, Vireinia Fraser
Boyle and Seumas MacManus contribute short stories
and essays; the poems are afforded by Ethna Carbery,
Sarah Piatt, William McLennan, Theodosia Garrison
and Madison Cawetn, and the continued stories by
Mrs. Humphry Ward, Gilbert Parker, Lsrael Zang-
willand F. R. Stockton. Prof. Atwater’s article on
the Nutritive Value of Alcohol is likely to arouse
discussion

  

 

 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
   
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

29, 19

 
  
 
  

00.

BRYAN AND THE TREATY OF PARIS.

 

A Repadiationist, Even te National Obliga-
tions Which He Helped to Contract.

To THe Evitor or Tae SUN—S(r: Mr. Bryan,
in his efforta to shield himself from the charge
of inconsistency in opposing the legitimate
results of a treaty which he was largely in-
strumental in inducing the Senate to ratify,
has frequently declared upon the stump that
while he favored the treaty healso favored
the Bacon resolution, which he says would have
secured independence for the Philippines

This may be the truth, but it is not the whole
truth. Everybody who is familiar with the
history of that treaty knows that it was debated
long and exhaustively before its ratification.
Not only the Bacon resolution, but several
others of the same nature, were introduced,
discussed ani defeated before the ratification
of the treaty. Finally, after the friends of
Filipino independence had failed to engraft
any of their resolutions on the treaty it was
ratified by a majority vote of 60, of which 41
were Republicans and 19 Democrats, Popu-
lista and Silverites,

Mr. Bryan was so anxious to have this treaty
ratified that he came in person to Washington
to use his influence with the opposition Sena-
tora in its behalf, and he himself has admitted
that he was responsible for ita ratification
But he pleads, by way of confession and avold-
ance, that while it is true that he favored the
treaty, he also favored the Bacon resolution.
Yet he is entirely silent as to the fact that
he failed to withdraw his influence in favor of
the treaty after the Bacon resolution had been
voted down. Instead of an unqualified sup-
port of the treaty, he might have made the
adoption of the Bacon resolution, which he
now tells us he so strongly favored, a condi-
tion of the ratification of the treaty, Had the
Nineteen votes which he influenced in behelf
of the treaty been cast against it after the
defeat of the Bacon resolution, the treaty would
have failed of ratification, and this Govern-
ment would have been freed from the responsi-
bilities which it entailed upon us,

Did Mr. Bryan after the defeat of the Bacon
resolution make any attempt to withdraw
his influence in favor of the treaty? {ff he
did, let him prove it. If he did not, then the
fact that he favored a resolution which was
defeated is no excuse for his support of a treaty
which he now denounces and repudiates, In
that case he stands in the position of a man
who having it in his power to defeat a treaty
which committed his Government to its obliga-
tions is now opposing and denouncing that
Government for fulfilling those obiigations.

The question as to the independence of the
Filipinos was distinctly raised by these resolu-
tions. Day after day and week after week
they were supported by epeeches from Sena-
tors Bacon, Hoar, Mason and others, and they
were finally voted down,and the treaty ratified
which ignored that independence and gave
to Congress the power of determining the
political status of the Inhabitants. It did
more; it pledged the United States to protect
Spanish subjects who remained in Manila io
their “rights of property,” and in “the exercise
of thete industry, business or profession” and
in “the free exercise of their religion,” and it
provided that for ten years Spanish ships and
merchandise should be admitted to the Phil-
ippine porta “under the same conditions as
the ships and merchandise of the United States.”

Mr. Bryan says now that the treaty was a bad
one, but, bad or good, he did all he could to
obtain {ta ratification, and he succeeded, With
what grace does he now call upon us to repu-
diateobligations which he assisted to fasten
upon us? He tells us now that if elected he
will withdraw the army that is stationed in
the Philippines, and leave the Spaniards and
natives who have been friendly to us to the
tender mercies of Aguinaldo and his Tagals.
We know what that would be, for even while
our army ts there Aguinaldo’s banditt! have
not hesitated to murder those inhabitants
disposed to accept American rule

Mr. Bryan proposes to establish a proteo-
torate over a Filipino republic, which while
allowing them full control of their internal
affairs, will protect them from foreign inter-
ference. In what clause of the Constitution
does Mr. Bryan, strict constructionist as he
professes to be, find any authority for this
protectorate? He asserta that we have pro-
tected the States of Central and South America,
but in that statement he is strangely in error

The Monroe Doctrine never established a
protectorate over those States, In fact, tha
Monroe Doctrine was a mere Presidential dic-
tum until a few years ago, when it was ratified
by Congress and declared a part of our national
policy. The Monroe Doctrine never pledged
this country to protect any foreign State It
was promulgated not in the Interest of other
States, but of ourselves. It was the answer
that Preatdent Monroe gave to the scheme
of the Holy Alliance which sought to reée-
tablish the power of Spain in America,
and threatened, first,{the overthrow of the
Southern republics and then of the United
States. But when Mr. Poinsett, our Minister
to Mexico during John Quincy Adams’s Ad-
ministration, in his negotiations with Mexico
spoke of the United States as being “pledged”
by the Monroe Doctrine “not to permit any
other Power to interfere with their independence
or form of government,” the House of Repre-
sentatives called upon the President to inform
it “whether the United States have in any
manner made any pledge to the Governments of
Mexico and South America that the United
States would not permit the interference of
any foreign Power with the independence or
form of government of those nations; and if so,
in what manner and to what effect?”

To this resolution Mr. Clay, Adams's Secre-
tary of State, replied, denying that any such
pledge had been made, and the matter was
dropped.

It is now seventy vears since the pro-
mulgation of the Monroe Doctrine, During
that time various European nations have en-
gaged in hostilities with the Central and South
American States, and the United States have
never fired a shot in behalf of any of them
In the case of Mexico we did require France
to withdraw ita support from Maximilian,
but that was simply because our own interests
forbade the establishment of a monarchy upon
our Southern border. Inthe case of Venezuela,
we did interfere to prevent the spoliation of
a weak by a great Power, but here again our
interests were opposed to the acquisition by
Great Britain of the mouth of the Ortnoco River
which she claimed, which would have given
her the whole trade of that fertile region; and
besides our citizens were largely interested
in the mining regions tn dispute.

If Mr. Bryan should be elected, how long
would it take him to establish a stable govern-
ment inthe Philippines, administered by Agui-
naldo and his Tagals? Thomas Jeffersoh said
that “the tree of liberty is a plant of slow
growth,” but Mr. Bryan seems to think that
it is a mushroom that will spring up in a night
In 1815 the French people, with a thousand
years of civilization behind them, had passed
through all the gradations of a monarchy,
a republic, anarchy and the empire; but in that
year Jefferson wrote to Lafayette

A full measure of liberty is not now perhaps to be
expected by your nation, nor am I confident that they
are prepared to preserve it, More than a generation
will be requisite, under the administration of reason
able laws favoring the progress of knowledge in the
general masses of the people, and their habituation
to an independent security of person and property,
before they wil be capable of estimating the value of
freedom and the necessity of a sacred adherence to
the principles on which {t rests for preservation.
Instead of that liberty which takes root and growth
in the progress of reason, If recovered by mere force
or accident, it becomes with an unprepared people a
tyranny still, of the many, the few, or the one

Jefferson thought it would take a generation
to educate the Frenchmen of that day to eati-
mate the value of freedom, but his disciple,
Mr. Bryan, seems to think that with a wave of
the hand and a “Presto! Change quickly!”
he can convert ten million Filipinos into a
modern republic 18. 7

WASHINGTON, Sept. 25

 

Its Carves.

“Be & From the indians poite Preas
¢ Way, what line

buthront y nes is the new comic opera
“Lines of beauty, principally.”

{

    
    

 
  
 
   
 
  
 
   
   
 
   
 
   
   
    

THE ARMOR PLATE CONTROVERSY.

Efforts Being Made to Settle It Before the
Date for Opentng Bids.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 28.—An earnest attempt
is being made by the Navy Department and
the armor making companies to settie the
armor plate controversy in a manner satis-
factory to all concerned before next Tuesday,

 

NEW BOOKS,

 

Brief Reviews of Important and Interesting
New Pablications,

In “Russia Against India; the Struggle for

' Asia,” by Archibald R. Colquhoun (Harper &

the date set for the opening of the gnew bids |

for furnishing armor to the Governm nt
bids opened under the first advertisement were

reapecta, but principally because the condi-
tions laid down by the armor firms prevented
the Government from getting the most advan-

tageous rates, Out of about thirty-five thou-

sand tons of armor of all kinds,
the Midvale Steel Company, a new factor
in the — fleld, declined to furnish leas
than 20,000 tons, while the Carnegie and

Bethlehem companies each declined to make
contracts for furnishing less than half the entire
amount. The Midvale bid was the lowest, but
the time wanted by the company for making
deliveries was so long that the Department
could not afford to walt for that period before
putting some of the armor on the battleships

and armored cruisers last authorized, and de-
sired to effect a compromise by which the Mid-
vale company ‘would get the total amount for
which it bid and the Carnegie and Bethlehem
companies, which promised earlier deliveries,
would divide the remaining amount between
them. As there did not appear to be any pros-
pect of effecting such arrangement the Depart-
ment rejected all the bids and readvertised
the new bids to be opened on Oct. 2 ae
Secretary Long and Rear Admiral O'Neil,
Chief of the Naval Bureau of Ordnance, have
been in corresponden and have had_ oral
con’erences with the three competing firms

with particular reference to a protest made by
the Midvale company because its bid, the jow-
est, was reject It is probable that there
will be no bids received under the new adver-
tisement, but the Department will not make
any decision on the protest until after the date
set for the opening. Secretary Long had an
interview to-day with Senator Penrose of Penn-
sylvania and representatives of the Carnegie
and Bethlehem companies, the result of
which has not been disclosed beyond the ad-
mission shat an agreement waa not effected
More conferences will be held in the next fow
days, and some time next week the Department
expects to be able to reach some definite con-
clusion, preferably with the assistance of the
armor companies, but without {t if the com-
panies decline to make concessions

An Election Prediciton,

To rae Epiton or Tar Scxn—Sir: As the
hour for the political prophet has arrived, will
you please register me thus, all gibes and emiles
notwithstanding ?

Mr. Bryan will be a worse whipped man than
was Horace Greeley. He will not carry asingle
Northern or Western State, with the possible
exveption of Nevada and Idaho. Ho will lose
Kentucky, West Virginia and Maryland, and
barely save himself in Missouri and Virginia.

The reason is that the people are satisfied to
let well enough alone and, in the West, because
they love the American soldier, and propose to
back him up with dollars and ballota.

There are growing indications that it is the
secret wish of the braintest leaders of the Demo-
cratic party to see this result brought about, so
that four years hence the party may be freed
from Mr. Bryan's domination.

New York State wil! give President McKinley
an overwhelming majority; and David B. HM
will see what he has long foreseen and desired,
viz, the wreck of Bryanism, and also of Tam-
many control of up-State politics. Senator Hill
will pull true to the ticket, for Democracy ts hia
only religion; he knows no other, though he
had a good start in boyhood among the Meth-
odists. But four veara henoe, if alive, he will
either be the candidate of his party or ita dioc-
tator, and, unless the sky of the ‘trust’ issue
looks less alarroing than now (as {t {s not likely
to), a Democratic administration of the Tilden
type will gointo power, ARTHUR COPELAND.

Cazenovia, N. Y., Sept. 24

No Golden Hair Hang Down Her Back.

From the Baltimore American,

With a promptness surprising, beacause ao un-
usual, has the State Department forwarded to
Mr. Hunt R. Mayo Thom of this city a gold
medal for heroic conduct in saving a woman
from drowning. There was no romance about
the deed, no beautiful maiden with her golden
hair hanging down her back who was sinking
for the laat time in the cold embrace of the
cruel waters. On the contrary, the reacuea was
an aged colored woman, nearly blind and help-
less—-a woman the heroic rescuer had never
seen before. Nor was the deed performed at a
fashionable watering place, in the presence of
thousands of spectators, gazing with admira-

tion and cheering till their shouts and plaudits
drowned the noise of the loud-roaring sea. It
was justthe reverse. At a Virginia woarf, in
the darkness of a cold winter morning, with
only 4 few steamer passengers to see what was
going on, Mr. Thom risked his Iife.

The medal isa fitting token of the nation's
appreciation of sucha deed. The hero will soon
lead to the allara beautiful bride, and amon
all the wedding presents that will be receive
this golden tribute to the husband's valor
should be given a place of honor.

 

Not for Those Colleges!

To THR EpIroR OF THE SUN—Sir: If many of
the officers and members of the Bryanite “College
Men's'' Club organized last evening are of the eame
stamp as one of the officers, {t must be a club after the
leader's own heart,

This particular officer in the morning of the day of
his election visited an attorney of this city witha
letter from a benevolent society asking for work.
Like Bryan, he had madea fallurein his profession
and, like Bryan, tf he could not make a living {n any
other way, he proposed, he sald, to take a political
Job as agitator, &e,

‘The siriking resem blance between the clreumstances
of this gentleman, his past history and his purposes,
and that of the briefless barrister from Nebraska, no
doubt secured the election mentioned

Do the Democratic managers think that with men
of this stripe for representative “college men” they
can influence the votes of the sonsof that Harvard
which has its “Memorial Hall" to the memory of
those who diet for the flag, of that Yale which orga-
nized the Yale Battery for service in the war with
Spain, and of that Princeton which, as Dr. Van Dyke
says, isa name always synonymous with Patriotism
and Piety? Aber nicht. PRINCETON ALUMNUS.

“Honesty Is the Best Policy,’”

ETo THE EpITroR or THE SUN Sir: When
a business man breaks and settles with his cred
ltors for twenty cents or forty five cents on the
dollar he repudiates eighty or Afiy five cents on the
dollar of the debts.

Henever does entirely get over the effectsof thus
repudiating bis bonest debts

If the United States becomes a free silver nation {t
will repudiate fifty-five cents on every dollar of its
debts and will nerer get over thus repudiating its
honest debts. Such astigma hangs on to a nation
much more tenaciously and longer than {t does on an
individual. We will have the finger of scorn pointed
at us by all other nations, and justly, too,gor we will
be dishonest and dishonorable A. F. BELO.

EVERGREEN, Ala., Sept. 26.

% What Senator Morgan Said About Banks.

From the Washington Post.
He said he would prefer State banks founded ona
specie basis to national banks, no matter how good
the system, founded on the ereditof the Government

The Idle" Soldiers.

From the Baltimore American,

(“This country has a hundred thousand so!
walking around In idleness "'-W. J. Bryan.) coetore
Walking around tn idleness,
Wherever the flag's assailed;
Meeting the foe with an idle might
that never yet nas fallea.
Lawton, and Liscum. and Logan, oo~—
Capron—the list islong
Went to their death In “idleness,”
And their “‘Idieness" was wrong

Grant and Sherman and Sheridan
Why should we call the roll?
They idied away in the idle fignt—
in Nights that tried the sou
“Walking around In idleness”
Braving the leaden hall
Wobat of the glow of a nation's pride? *
Is that but an idle tale?

“Walking around tn idleness,"
Pe a pe aran road
corched and worn by the galling sv
Lugeing an idle load. e oem
Fighting with idie energy,
Cheering with idle breath—
Thinking. with idle love, of home,
And dying an idle death

Private Smith, with an idle groan,
Gone to 4 home above

And idle tears mark the idle woe
And the idie mother's love

“Walking around in idieness''—
Lawton and Liscum, wo;

Legions more wil! come idly when

There are idle deeds to do. —

The.

‘
|

|
|
|

 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
  
   
   
   
 
    
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
  
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
  
  
   
  
   
 
   
  
  

Brothers), the author supplies a great deal of
clear and interesting information in small space
In his préface he says that the book is intended
to bring before the Anglo-Saxon public @ ques
tion of vital importance. He submita that Brit
ish interests in India involve the interests of the

unsatisfactory to the Department in several | whole Anglo-Saxon race and of a number of the

latin races as well, and that these interests are
in jeopardy. The book has nine chapters; two
of these are devoted toa historical review, thres
toa sketch of the country and people of Central
Asia as they are to-day, and the reat to the Brit
ish rule in India, to Afghanistan and Persla, to
the work of Russia in Central Asia and to the de.
fence of India. The chapters on the country and
people of Central Asia are the outcome of the
author's own travels and observation and are
particularly interesting,

The advent of the Russians in Central Asta
has of course had its effect upon the appear-
ance of many of the towns, one of which, Taah-
kent, the capital of the Province of Turkestan
and a city of very ancient origin, is singled
out by the author for detailed illustration,
Here Evropean etreeta and equares, European
equipages and clothes, even American hand-
organs, project themselves upon the Oriental
soene. A Russian colony with the Governor
General in his palace as a centre, with the
usual military and civil officials and thetr
families, has grafted itself upon Tash-
kent. The little houses of the Rusalan
officials and merchants are whitewashed, trim
and neat, and the Governor's palace has ea
ornamental garden around it, laid out in artt-
ficial lakes and little hills and dales, where the
military band plays every evening. There are
stiff public buildings, a wide square, an ugly
little ohurch, a new and improved bazaar, and
all this seems particularly curious when {t is
considered that Tashkent {is only about 200
miles from Samarkand. The new andimproved
bazaar at Tashkent was not successful. Every-
body continued to like the old bavaar,nor ts this
faithfulness wonderful. The old baxaar is
cluttered and crowded, It has undergone no
changes or improvements since the Russian
occupation, The narrow streeta on which ita
little shops open are paved after a method much
favored in Central Asia; between the
blocks of stone are left generous spaces which
are channels of mud in winter and repositories
of deep white dust in summer. Over these
the preoccupied Kirghiz bumps along on his
camel, quite unconcerned, and if the pedes-
trian does not keep carefully to the raised side-
walk of mud the camels may knock him over.
The shopkeeper removes the entire front of
his shop every morning so that the purohaser
may be confronted by no obstacle. He isadis-
tinctly interesting part of the spectacle as ha
sita cross-legged on a mat among his wares,
The business of selling things {s very much
subdivided. Each «hop sells one partioular
thing. In the tea shops you get only tea, and
you must go to four or five shops to get the
whole of a brass teapot, It is hard to think
how the new and improved bazaar could have
hoped to {mprove on this. Do you wish a gar-
ment of cotton or silk? You can see it made
in the bazaar. With their rough machines of
wood men will fashion the cloth before your
eyes, and other men will embroider it for you,
stretching the material over a wooden hoop,
ohalking a pattern upon it, and going over the
pattern with silk thread and a sort of crochet
needle,

The houses {n Tashkent have courts, porti-
coes, guest chambers, beautifully carved doors
swinging on pivots instead of hinges; seldam
windows; pretty ceilings made of round wil-
low boughs set in between the rafters and
picked out in colors with occasional touches
of gold; plastered walls with painted pictures
of fruit and flowers, and almost no furniture,
unless the owner has been bitten with the craze
to imitate the Russians, in which case there
are cheap tables and chairs of a comventional
type imported from Russia, for sudh things are
not made in Tashkent. The honored visitor
in such a house {s immediately treated to such
refreshment as it is supposed he will like. A
piece of striped calico or silk is apread on the
floor and sweetmeats are brought in and placed
onit. Of these he eats with satisfaction as he
sits on a rug cross-legged. A favorite dish
consists of carrots chopped fine in honey, and
little round cakes are much esteemed. The
bread is thin and wafer-like, and is baked
by being plastered on the sides of a round
oven.

The owner of such a house is attired in a pair
of loose white trousers made of cotton and tied
round the waist with a cord and taasels. His
cotton shirt is very long, with a small alit for
the head to go through, and wide sleeves; over
this he wears a coat, or two or three coats, ac-
cording to the weather. The Tashkent coat is
long, cut very sloping at the neck, and the
sleeves of it are enormous—mch too long for
Convenience, but satisfying the Asiatic sense of
propriety, which requires the hands to be cov-
ered. In summer the coat is of cotton or silk,
often etriped or patterned in the most gorgeous
colors; in winter one of the coats will be made
of cloth and lined with fine sheepskin or fur.
A scarf or shaw! is twisted round the waist, and
aturban of striped cotton—or of white mate-
rial if the wearer is distinguished for plety—is
wound about the head over a little embroidered
skullcap

The dress of the women is similar, but their
coats are more often of silk, and many strings
of beads, gold and gems are worn about the
neck. The women also wear bracelets, anklets,
hair ornaments, and sometimes nose rings,
and they use cosmetics, because itis the espe-
cial duty of a good Mussul woman to preserve
her beauty and please her husband. There are
hotels in Tashkent, but they give only indifferent
pleasure to the Western traveller. The food
of the country is “mutton, mutton, mutton!”
In such @ town as Tashkent there is some
attempt to vary the method of cooking, but
the run of dishes are too greasy and insipid
for European palates. Wine can be got in
Tashkent, imported from Russia, at fabulous
prices, but the native drink is green tea, which
is sometimes thickened with cream or melted
tallow, and sometimes flavored with a small
dried lemon “Altogether,” says Mr. Colqu-
houn, “Tashkent is a curious and typical
example of East meeting West. The
modern Rusefin soldier and his Paris dressed
wifee rub shoulders with the Uzbek or
Kirghiz, whose ancestors were K hans and Beks
in this country at a time when Rusela was a
mere congeries of half-savage States; or with
the Mongols, whose warrior kings in days of
old not only conquered Russia, but a great por-
tion of the then known world or with the Tad-
Jixs, of almost prehistoric origin, former owne
era of the soil, who were dispossessed by Kirghiz
and Mongol alike, but still retain their in-
dividuality. All these varying peoples have
accepted the yoke of their Western conquerors.
The Ortental is above all a fatalist, and he
recognizes the inevitable wave of Russian ad-
vanes. Once the White Tsar had proved his
power, the Sart at all events—for the nomads
are jees tractable--bowed his head and made
the best of things. And such will be the case
in Afghanistan as Russia moves forward
toward Indife.°

The call of the book is to secure India by
keeping the Russians out of Afghanistan. If
the fatalism of the Afghans is to be called upon
for an especial manifestation, the idea {ts to
have it manifest itself in the acceptance af
British rather than Ruasian rule.

In “The Master Christian” (Dodd, Mead
& Co.) Miss Marie Corelli emits a long-drawn
melancholy howl. Six hundred solid pages
of small print and nothing but words, words,

words—in all their Corellian confusion of tangled
syntax and lurid illogicality. The lady is
angry. Angry with the Pope, the Church

of Rome and the Church of England, the Roman
Catholic priesthood and the Protestant Blahops
—and she sets out to demolish them all with
a vigor and earnestness equal to that of the
amiable enthusiast who tried, with a banch
of firecrackers and a parior mateh, @ Blow