up Brooklyn
it on msthetic grounds, She introduces a vul-

gar caricature of the most sacred figure in all
|iterature and history and makes Him pant
tke a tub-t humping temperance orator in Hyde
park on Sunday afternoon, and of the old
man of the Vatican, who, in the eyes of Prot-
estant and Catholio alike, 1s worthy at least
of veneration and respect, she uses language
that Is childish in its insolence and illogicality.
These things make us somewhat sad. We
jook for a little eccentricity of syntax here and
there among the ladies. At times it even gives
to a sentence @ certain added charm—like the
piquant patch upon the blooming cheek of
beauty’: Here we are ata loss to know whether
to admire the more the many piquant patches
or merely the blooming cheek.

jere’s a book that surely ought to interest
Heaven bless ‘em! as the after~
re say—“The Attainment of Wo-
of Form and Features, The
Cultivation of Personal Beauty Based on Hy-
giene and Health Culture,” That's the full and
comprehensive tite and the book is written by
twenty physicians and specialists, edited by Mr
Albert Turner, and published by the Health
Cuture Company of this city. The twenty
physicians and specialists, under the super-
rision and with the assistance of the amiable
editor, set forth upon their altogether laudable
mission to teach the dear girls how to make
themselves attractive. How, with the aid of
massage, to get rid of wrinkles and to make
their hair grow—how to transform a pair of
bagsy hips and a too pronounced tendency
“om-bong-pong.” and cultivate the sylphlike

I
the ladies
dinner oral
manly Beauty

to
contours of a woodland nypiph-—-and how to
are cold feet, beside many other useful and

instructive things, into some of which the male
eve has no need to pry It is well that the ladies
should take interest in these matters and, if
merely from an wsthetio standpoint, the reduc-
tion of supertluous flesh is more than ever de-
sirable under the conditions imposed by the
prevailing fashion in woman's dress, The
plump and pleasing damsel of Generous pro~
portions who nowadays ia wont to take the
air clad in a gauze shirtwaist and the newest
form of mystery from France {n the shape of
waist gear, and with a scanty skirt close-hailed
ina half hitch to windward, is apt, we think,
to leave somewhat too little to the male imagina-
tion Wecan appreciate a good thing always.
But we do not need too much of It And so we
trust that the reduction process may be widely
studied with advantage. In an entertaining
chapter, entitled “The Home @ Gymnasium,”
Mra 0. V. Sessions, by the ald of alittle allegory,
shows how a woman's daily housework may
be made both beneficial and attractive, and how
muscle may be developed and health promoted
as well with the ordinary domestic broom
and the harmless, necessary water pail as with
Indian clubs and the elaborate exerciser.”
lo point the moral cf hertale she draws @ com-
parison between the day's work of two average
women in ordinary circumstances, whom she
calls respectively “Mrs, Wise” and “Mrs Fool-
ish” Now Mra. Wise has studied physical
culture and applies its principles to her daily
duties, while Mrs, Foolish goes along on her
uneducated way and says that she gete “too

much exercise as it is without tak-
ing leasons.” After a restless sleep
in a tense and unnatural position

Mrs. Foolish 4s awakened good and early on
Tuesday morning by the cheerful song of the
alarm clock. Having twisted her hair up,
washed her face, and fastened one shoe, she
proceeds to prepare @ breakfast of fried pota-
toes and meat, lard, hot bisoult and coffee.
She sits in a wrong manner at the table, wowd-
ing her stomach below its normal position,
and, having no appetite, she drinks a cup of
strong coffee as a “bracer.” Then she washes
the dishes and splashes the front of her dress,
sweeps out the sitting room, dining room and
parlor, carries a pail of water upstairs and
makes the beds. After which she irons the
clothes, cooks the dinner, eats too much and
suffers from indigestion, Her husband comes
bome and having had troubles of his own is
worried at her forlorn appearance and after
supper Says something that sends her off to her
room to have a real good cry. It will, we think,
be conceded that Mrs. Foolish tn her daily life
has nothing that fs !n the nature of a plenic
Far pleasanter is the picture of the dally life
of Mra, Wise. We will here let Mrs. Sessions
proceed, “Is not,” she asks, “a woman re-
sponsible for her trritability when worn out,
if by a little forethought she might prevent
herself getting worn out? Mrs. Wise thinks $9,
and pow let us see how she has been spending
this same Tuesday. * * * Having learned
to relax she has passed a restful night, awakens
refreshed and gives a hearty stretch--such
as all healthy animals eajoy upon arousing
(nto consciousness. Knowing that while asleep
che has not breathed deeply enough to allow
the most remote lung cells to exchange their
poisonous gases for fresh oxygen and ozone,
she now lies flat on her back and apends a few
tnoments in slowly emptying and filling the
ings. © © © Toenlarge the chest for these
deep breaths she does not drop the diaphragm
and crowd the abdomen down and out, but
she stretches the ribs out so widely that air
rushes through her dilated nostrils to fll the
lungs and make them occupy the large space
formed, As the ribs widen the diaphragm
flattens and the oblique abdominal muscles
are stretched, thus giving the abdomen a flat-
Now Mra. Wise arises and
takes a cold bath.” Here for the moment
we will decorously retire, merely remarking
that this daily domestic entertainment must be
tore fun than the circus for Mr. Wise, unless
he be a man who takes his pleasures sadly.
Ky and by, when Mrs, Wise has neatly dressed
herself and prepared a light and wholesome
rauonal breakfast, we join her once again.
In going to the table she steps before her chair,
then, gracefully pivoting on the balls of her feet
and widening her chest, she bends her knees
and swings down into the chair, feeling so well
that she hay no need of a back ww the ohair,
After an enjoyable meal her little girl exercises
by dearing the table and wiping the dishes,
Mrs. Wise stands well poised, and bending
sightly at the hips leans forward to her dish-
pan without compressiug her chest, and not
a drop of water is splashed upon her dress.
By breathing and standing well she finds it
& good exercise to sweep the dining room and
kitchen, while her daughter pushes the carpet
sweeper around in the sitting room,

‘e * * When making beds she maintains
her good poise, and to tuck in the covers bends
at the hip joints instead of rounding her should-
ers, Lach time before throwing on a cover
she takes a wide breath, and, without feeling
any strain, moves her arms in as graceful a
curve as in the pretty exercises she learned at
the gvinnastum, Crawling on all fours is a good
exercise, WLich she uses in wiping up the bath-
ruom floor About this time Mrs. Wise finds
ft good to take a rest. “In order t. ‘et her
nerves and muscles gain strength for \ue work
to follow she now lies Mat on the floor for a
Telaxing exercise, Dropping her arms down
on the floor in the easiest position, she closes
her eves and tries to fancy that a great power,
@avilation, is pulling her through the floor,

nil she can completely relax herself into
8 grasp. Then she causes her mind to be a
blank by forgetting everything and lies as
thowwh asleep for five minutes. Upon arising
she feels as fresh as in the morning, and lightly
runs down stairs to the hot irons awaiting her.”

Rere surely (s @ woman wise not in name
— and having froned the linen, prepared

Vevetables, cooked the dinner, dressed
and undressed the children, done some work
ft the sewing machine, and sung a few simple
*olus to soothe her husband, this paragon
irepares to end the day. But we are told
That “before retiring #he goes through a few
erercises which call into play muscles not used
Mich during the day and which enable her
the hetter to relax and go to sleep.” Some
of the illustrations of this touching allegory

tened appearance

fre unintentionally funny enough to draw
ears from a Fifth avenue stage horse. There
are chapters too, on bievcling, massage, Voice

eltire, the care of the skin and other matters,

and the main contention of the writers seems,
be that while it is true that all women are

hol capable of extreme physical beauty, It is

 

Bridge, because he objected to | no less true that any woman may cultivate

rr  - si eee ns ee

 

the best possible in her appearance and profit
by it. The importance is insisted on of lote of
fresh air and exercise, sensible clothing and
Wholesome food, and, above all, of cheerfulness
and the cultivation of a pleasing smile,

 

An Interesting reprint is published by Menara.
Henry T, Coates & Co, of Philadelphia, Pa., ina
volume of “Lyrics” by the late J, Houston
Mif_lin, The original edition was issued in 1835
in the form of a gift to the author's friends, “as
a slight memento of kindly feeling,” as he ex-
pressed it in a graceful dedicatory note. A
beautiful reproduction of a portrait of the
author faces the title page—the face of a cul-
tured, courtly American gentleman of the old
school. There ts indeed about the little volume
@ suggestion of old-time grace and tenderness,
something as delicate and intangible as the
scent of rose leaves in old porcelain jara, or the
lavender in the linen presses of long ago; and
the modest verses have that quality of serenity
and the simple charm that mark them as being
the expression of a nature lofty and refined.
Here are the dedicatory verses to the Spirit of
Poesy:

Spirit serene, that ever com'st to me
With soul-refreshing, purifying power,
Teach me the language | may speak to thee,
Here in the holy hush of evening's hour,
Then let me tell how once I turned to grace
Thy forehead with some lyric trophy sweet,
And now regret that I can only place
A Garland so unworthy at thy feet!

Some rather pleasantly turned and unpre-
tentious verses dealing with the humors of
boyhood are published in a modest little fl-
lustrated volume by Mr. R. C. Bowman of
Minneapolis, Minn. (Alfred Bartlett, Boston,
Mass.), The smail marginal illustrations are
clever and humorous and the neatness and
pleasant quality of Mr. Bowman's verse is
fairly shown by this extract

If Il were a little boy again,
T tell you what I'd do,

I'd harness up my dog some day
And ride around for you.

I'd let your Ifttle sister drive,
While I'd sit in behind

With you tueked In the middle; we
Could hunt around and find

The Land of Chocolate Caramels, or
The Sea of Lemonade,

And there we'd dig for custard with
A little candy spade

If I were a little boy again,
I'd bulld a ship for you:

I'd build It out of sassafras
And have a jolly crew,

By making you the eaptain bold,
With sister as your mate,

The dog would be the cabin boy
To keep our baggage straight

And I? I'd be the cook.
To sall without a cook
Is Just about as foolish as
To fish without a hoot)

We'd launch the ship upon the sea
And sail far, far away,

To find the Isle of Butterseoteh
In Honeysuckle Bay.

We'd land upon the {sland ta
Some quiet, shady spot,
And bulld a summer cottage
Near the brook of Soda Pop,
We'd bulld a summer cottage out
Of @inger snaps and “gums,”
And live on cracker jack and cake
And cocoanuts and pluma

(You see,

And there we'd dwell forever more—
Forever and a day —

On our little candy island, back
In Honeysuckle Bay.

Here is a simple, soothing essay on the June

bug, from the same colieotton:

A June Bug tsa restless, careleas beast

That tends to magnify the woe

Of mortal man. Would they were all deeoased;

But still, it might be well to show

Our universe is wrought with nothing base

Without ft serves a purpose in Its place.

Now, take the June Bug. How are we to know)
When June Is drawing near,

Without this bug to Mutter In our ear,

And bump us Biffl! upon our forebead, SO!!!

I tell you itis nature's way to show

That June ls HERE

 

Mr. Matthew Bender, law publisher, of Albany,
N. Y., issues the eighth edition for 1900 of “Jew-
ett’s Manual for Election Officers and Voters
in the State of New York.” This useful work,
which ts compiled by Mr. F. G. Jewett, clerk
to the Secretary of State, contains the General
Election law, Town Meeting law, Provisions
Relating to School Meetings and the Primary
law of 1599, complete with amendments to date.
Also the provisions of the Penal Code, general
laws on Constitution of the Btate of New York
relating to elections and elective oMocers, with
annotationa, forms and instructions, There ts
a@ good general index

We have also received:

“A Breaker of Laws.” W. Pett Ridge. (Mao-
millans.)
“The Handsome Brandons.” Katharine Ty-

nan, (A. C. MoClure & Company.)

“The Plain Miss Gray,” Florence Warden.
(FP. M. Buckles & Company.)

“In Nature's Realm.” Dr. Charles C. Abbott,
(Albert Brandt.)

“A Pair of Knaves and a Few Trumps.”
Douglas Flattery, (Abbey Press.)

“The Girl and the Governor.” Charles War-
ren, (Scribners.)

“The Actor's Child.”
brook, M. D. (Eckler.)

“Protection and Progress. A Study of the
Feonomlo Bases of the American Protective
System.” John P. Young. (Rand, McNally
& Company)

“Until the Day Break.*
gon, (Scribners.)

“The Worldlings.” leonard Merrick. (Double
day, Page & Company)

“On the Wing of Occasions. Betng the
Authorized Version of Certain Curious Episodes
of the Late Civil War. Including the Hitherto
Suppressed Narrative of the Kidnapping of
President Lincoln.” Joel Chandler Harris.
Illustrated. (Doubleday, Page & Company.)

“Cunning Murrell.” Arthur Morrison,
(Doubleday, Page & Company.)

“How to Study Naturein Elementary Schools.

Henrietta F, West-

Robert Burns Wil-

A Flexible Manual for Teachers.” John D.
Wilson. ((C. W. Bardeen.)
“Choosing a Life Work.” Lewis Ransom

Fiske, L.L. D. (Paton & Mains.)

“Brain in Relation to Mind.” J, Sanderson
Christison M. D. (The Meng Publishing Com-
pany).

“All About the Merry Tales of Gotham,"
Alfred Stapleton with original sketches, fac-
similes, plans, dc. (R. N, Pearson. Notting-
ham, Eng.)

“The London Datly Press.” H. W. Maselng-
ham, with {llustrations and portraits. (Fleming
H. Revell Company.)

“Red Jacket, the Last of the Senecas.” Col.
H. Rk. Gordon, (E. P. Dutton & Company.)

The Complete Poetical Works of Jefirey
Chaucer (Thomas Y. Crowell & Co,), in two
volumes, with glossary and index,

The Complete Poetical Works of Robert
Burns (Thomas Y. Crowell & Co,), with glos-
sary and general index of titles and fret linea.

 

OPENING DAY AT CORNELL.

 

Indications That the University Will Have
About 3,500 Students This Year,

Irmaca, N_ Y.. Sept. 28.—Cornell University
opened its doors to students to-day. The
registration figures show that 136 more students
have registered this year than on the corres-
ponding date last vear, and the graduate etu-
dents have not registered yet, whereas last
year they registered with the old students
The Cornell Medical School in New York city
does notopen until October, The figurea whic
are at hand indicate that there will not be far
from 3.500 students in attendance at Cornell
thie year. ‘The President delivered his annual
address to-day, but confined himself mostly
to local questions. He pleaded with the new
etudenta to help eradicate the evil of cheating
in examinations, and said that the university
would take @ereater pains to see that Cornell's
name should be free from all taint of professton-
aliam in ifs athletios in the future

Transit Facilities and Other Advantages
of Staten Island asa apot for a home will be treated
on in Sunday's SUN, Sept 40. Ade

 

 

MARAIND.

BIGELOW—WELLS.—At Fayetteville, N. Y., on
Wednesday, Sept 26, 1000, Dr. Horace Bigelow
of New York city to Anna Sophia, daughter of
Mr, Samuel James Wells.

 

COCHRANE.—At 86 Charies st, Jersey Clty, N. J,
on Friday, Sept. 26, 1900, Robert L., only and
deloved 400 of James and Elisabeth Cochrane,

Funeral services on Sunday afternoon, Sept. 30,
1900, at S o'clock. Relatives and friends Invited.
Interment at convenience of family.

KISSAM.--In Brooklyn, Friday, Sept 28, 1900,
Phebe Ryerson, widow of George Kissam, in the
84th year of her age.

Funeral from the residence of het son, W. Ryerson
Kissam, 915 President et, Sunday, Sept 30,
1990, at2:50 P. M. Interment at conventence of
family.

MITCHELL, -On Thursday morning, Sept. 27,
1000, Elizabeth Howell Mitchell, beloved wife of
Willlam Mitebell.

Funeral services will be held at the residence of her
mother, Mrs. Theodore P. Howell, 662 Broad at,
Newark, N. J. on Saturday, Sept 29, 1900, at
half past 2 in the afternoon, Interment private.
Klodly omit flowers.

SCHWARZWALDER.-At Rhbinedeck-on-the- Mud-
gon, on Thursday, Sept 27, 1900, at 8 A, M.,
Elizabeth, widow of John Schwarzwalder, in the
74th year of her age.

Relatives and friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend funeral services on Saturday, Sept. 20,1000,
atS P. M., at herlate residence, 317 West 67th st.
Interment private, Kindly omit flowers.

SHAW.—On Thursday, Sept. 27, 1900, at bis resl-
dence, 140 West #6th st., George Shaw.

Funeral services will be held at St Matthew's P. FE,
Chureh, 24 West 84th st, Saturday, Sept 29
1400, at 2 P. M,

STANLEY.—At New Britain, Conn, on Friday,
Sept. 24, 1900, Frederick N. Staniey, tn the 56th
year of his age.

Funeral from his late residence, New Britain,
Conn., on Sunday, Sept, 80, 1900, at 8 P. M.

TAYLOR.-—On Wednesday, Sept 26,1900, Mary M.,
widow of William L. Taylor.

Funeral services at her late residence, 110 West
65th st, on Saturday, Sept. 20, 1900, at 10:30
A.M. Interment in Greenwood Cemetery at the
convenience of the family.

 

HE KENSICO CEMBTERY.—Private station,
Harlem Raliroad; 43 minutes’ ride from the
Grand Central Depot. OMioe, 16 East 42d at

Special Notices.

 
    

  

KEEP LOOKING oun and save your hatr, its

ER'S HAIR BALSAM.

color and peauty with PAR
locks.

HINDERCORNS, the best cure for corns.

 

“Religious Rotices.

 

LOOMINGDALE REFORMED CHURCH, Broad-
way, corner 64th st —The Rev. Dr. Stinson, the
pastor, preaches, 11 A. M., Paul on Mars Hill," §
P. M., Christ Among the Nations.” Sunday school
atiOA M.and2.30 P.M e
HURCH OF ZION AND ST. TIMOTHY, 57th at
between Sih and Oth ava Services tomorrow $
A.M. 11 A.M. and 5 P. M_ The rector, Rev. Dr.
Lubeck, wili preach at 11 A.M. and the Rev. J. M
Heifers, B.A. at 8 P. M.

HURCH OF THE MESSIAH, 34th st, corner
C Park av.—Services, 11 A.M. The Rev. Robert
Collyer will preach. Bubject; “The Worth of Greats
Cities.” All cordially tovited. _

RACE CHURCH, Broadway, corner 10th st

Holy Communion, § A. M. e
Morning Prayer and Sermon. 11 A. M
Evening Prayer and Sermon, 8 P. M.
All sittings free,
ST. JAMES CHURCH, 7ist st. and Madison av,
st Rev. BE. Walpole Warren, D.D., Rector.
Holy Communion, 9 A. M.
Morning Prayer, Sermon (Senior Curate), 11 A. M.
Choral Evensong, Sermon (Junior Curate), 8 P. M.

 

RAIA

OO eee

By EGERTON CASTLE

An exciting romance, distinguished by
verve, by close and wide observation
of the ways of men, by touches of reflec-
tion neither shallow nor charged with
weightiness; and in many ways, not
least in the striking end, decidedly orig-
inal.

“*The plot ts excellent and ts admt-
rably Wrought out, and the interest of
the reader ts sustained from beginnin

         
     
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 

to close. A powerful siory, well told."’
—BOSTON ADVERTISER,
Size, 4%{x7%% Inches, Cloth, 417

 
 

pages, gilt top, $1.50,
(Out To-Day.)
LOVE AND
MR. LEWISHAM

By H. @. WELLS

A romance by this well-known author
in an entirely new field. “Love and Mr,
Lewisbam’” is a subtle, delicate and dainty
story dealing with the passion of love,

The London Morning Post speaks of
tt as “a work of genius,” while the Lon-
don Daily Telegraph says, “will be con
sidered by many the moagt fascinating
piece of work that Mr, Wells has ever
done.”

Size, 4°%,x74, inches. 328 pages.
Cloth, richly stamped in gold, $1.50,

(Out To-Day.)
TONGUES
OF CONSCIENCE

By ROBERT S. HICHENS

In taking up a new book by Mr,
Hichens, the reader can always feel sure
that he will never find it commonplace,
as there is originality as well as force in
everything he writes. “Tongues of
Conscience,” Mr. Hichens’s latest work,
is no exception to this rule,

Size, 4%,x7% inches. 368 pages,
Cloth, richly stamped in gold, $1.50,

For sale by ati booksellers or sent postpaid.

FREDERICK A.STOKES COMPANY

    
     
   
   
   
     
   
   
       
      

 

 
     
   
     
   
     
     
   
     
      

~ Have youever hired
a cook, or bought a
bonnet, or gone a-flat-
ting? Anyhow you
should read the much-
talked-of book

THE DOBLEYS,

containing 20 charm-
ing sketches.

“They entertain capitally, butat the same time
seach Gesamena jessons in the art, which after all
may be made so simple, of making life worth livin
We shall be much disappointed and considerably
pusaled if this book does not score @ great popular
success. '— The Matl and Espress

SOLD EVERYWHERP, OR SENT POSTPAID FREER
on receipt of price, $1.25.

G.W, DILLINGHAM COMPANY, Publishers, N.Y,

— TO Manuscripts ip all branches

of literature, suitable for
AUTHORS publication jo book form,
SEEKING

are required by an estab-
1

iahed = house. Liberal
PUBLISHER.

FREEEBIES LL IELIELSELSLES SE SEE EEES

terms. No charge for
examination, Prompt at-
tention and honorable
treatroent.
“BOOKS,” |

Box 141 1 he Sun, |
1908 Broadway; New York !

 

;

Tike SUN, SAL LRDAY, SbrTEMBEM 2d, L000.

Rew Publications.

Ae

 

she attac

and unbe
fervor th
more of
than of.

book‘that ill: appeal
to everyonp; to the
agnostic well as
&.

pnvin Eng-
America,

Copies.
AT.ALL BOOK STORES.’
$1.50.

Dodd; Mead &Co.

NEW YORK CITY.

breathes

~~

e sword

pens A

land anc

 

The
Literary Collector

A monthly magazine de-
voted to the interests of col-
lectors of books, autographs
and other historical matter.
Indispensable to collectdrs.

No. { Published Oct. Ist.

CONTENTS.

The McKee Librar? Sale,. 6 .)
Collecting as aa Educator, . . +) Bettorial
Gold Tooling tn France, Fletcher Battershall
Lamb’s Poetry for Children,. . Chas. Welsh
‘Too Many Books, . . Henri Pene Du Bois
The Successor to Quarttch,

John Boyd Thacher

The Book Plate Vandal, . A.J. Bowden
Rudyard Kipling

Some Bookish Verses, . . Assite Daheon

Love Letters From Henry VII. to Anne
Boleya, “ee © # @ & Hi. Le Wales

Literary Notes and Gosstp, Reviews, J. C.
Dana's ‘Failure of Book Reviewing,”
many advertisements of tnterest to book-
lovers, etc., etc.

Subscription Price, $1.00 pe annum.
Single number, 10c.

GEO. D. SMITH, Publisher,
4 East 42nd Street, N. Y. City.

Ft tH HHS

 

FERAL AAAI IID ALISA IIE

D. Appleton & Co.’s
NEW BOOKS.

King Stork of the Netherlands

A romance of the days of the Dutch
Republic, by ALBERT LEE, author of
“The Key of the Holy House” and
“A Gentleman Pensioner.” No, 292

Appleton’s Town and Country

Library. 12mo, Cloth, $1.00; paper,

50 cents,

Mr. Lee ‘has earned o@ brilliant reputation
within the last two years as @ novelistof the
Dutch Republic His pew romanoe, with Its
thriiling tale of the betrayal of William and
bis people by the faithiess ruler in whom they
trusted, sketches in a singularly vivid feah-

fon a chapter of history which cannot be read
without deep Interest and emotion.

The Story of the Alphabet.

By Epwarp CLopp. A new volume
in the Library of Useful Stories.
Illustrated. 16mo. Cloth, 40 cents.

This concise and informing little book
presents an admirable resume of the best
knowledge of a subject obviously of uni-
versal interest, but usually diMcult of ex-
planation in an adequate way. Dr. Clodd's
valuable work, with its numerous f{llustre-
tions, has an immediate and a permaneyst
Value.

D. APPLETON & COMPANY,
Publishers, New York.

*
PEER HH He

FEEL IIL III IDES IIA SIS IESE SESE SSN

ae

EERE

  
  
  

‘

ee

 
 

een)

The Macmillan Company's New Books

The Best New Novels.

THe BENNETT TWiINs.
By GRACE MARGUERITE HURD.
Cloth, 12mo, $1.50.

These charming twins prefer
New York and the study of art
and music to succeeding their
elders in due course in the bank
and choir of a country town, and
are allowed to imakea trial on
the terms of self support for an
entire season as proof of earnest-
ness and condition of future
help. It was a hard year but
jolly, and the adventure is de-
scribed with the liveliest humor,

 

THE Sort Sine.

By HENRY JAMES, Author of “The Two Mag-
ics,’ “The Real Thing,” etc.

Cloth, 12mo, $1.50.

A volume of stories so varied in plot and
scene as to bring out at their best Mr. James’
characteristic perfection of style and method,
that subtle distinction which corresponds to
what in people is described as “inanner.”

A BREAKER OF LAWS.

By W. PETT RIDGE, Author of “Mord Em'ly,”
etc., etc.

Cloth, 12mo, $1.50.

A strong, graphic study of the under-world
—with some bearing on the influences of
criminal heredity, and the reforming power of
a wholesome, honest wife, who never knows
that her husband has been a burglar, by her
very belief in him.

A Frienpo oF Cassar.

A TALE OF THE FALL OF THE ROMAN
REPUBLIC,

By WM. STEARNS DAVIS,
Cloth, 12mo. $1.50.

“A story alive with human Interest, aglow
with passion, brilliant with quick-moving
action, abounding in vividly told incident.”

—~Tue OUTLOOK,

 

THE 100TH THOUSAND OF

THe REIGN oF Law.

A TALE OF THE KENTUCKY HEMP-~
FIELDS,
By JAMES LANE ALLEN.

Cloth, 12mo, $1.50.

“A great book—great alike in peandy and
in depth, a book drawing clearly the distinc-
tion between the vital soul and centre of faith
and the cerements and husks thereof. . . a
book teaching tenderness, charity, humility.”

—THeE NEW YORK TIMES SaT. REVIEW,

Current Politics and History.

 

America’s Economic
SUPREMACY.

By BROOKS ADAMS, Author of “The Law of
Civilization and Decay.”

Cloth, 12mo, $1.25.

“Readable and stimulating.”"—-BOSTON Ap-
VERTISER,

“Deals with the problems

bearing on that economic com-

Every voter petition among nations which
chould determines the seat of empire

we and the distribution of wealth.
read this, . « particularly with the past

three years.”’—ST, Louls GLope-
DEMOCRAT.
“Singularly thoughtful and suggestive.” —
New York Sun,

 

Wortp Potitics

AT THE END OF THE NINETEENTH CEN-
TURY AS INFLUENCED BY THE ORI-
ENTAL SITUATION,

By PAUL §, REINSCH, Asst. Professor of Po-
litical Science, University of Wisconsin,

Half Leather, $1.25, net.

“The most important of all the works on
the Chinese crisis published thus far.”—Malt
AND EXPRESS, N. Y,.

MONOPOLIES AND TRUSTS.

By RICHARD T, ELY, Ph. D., LL. D., Untver-
sity of Wisconsin, Editor of the Citizen's
Library.

Half Leather, $1.25, net.

“The most Goorteinent book that has yet
appeared on the subject of trusts.’’—- Tae Our-
LOOK,

“The best plece of work that Prof. Ely has
yet done. In any case readers will be im-
pressed by the perfect candor and scientific
reserve that characterize the book.’’—AMERI-
CAN JOURNAL OF SOCIOLOGY,

THE VENETIAN REPUBLIC.

Its Rise, Its GROWTH AND ITS FALL,
By W. CAREW HMAZLITT.
Two Volumes, Cloth, 8vo, $12.00,

The fryits of a lifetime of study,—originally
published in four 8vo, volumes in 1860, now
almost unattainable, but a copy has remained
in the author’s hands and has received the re-
sults of mature experience while being rewrit-
ten. A chronological account of the origin,
rise and extinction of one of the most remark-
able communities, both in its political struct-
ure and its inner life, which the world has ever
beheld, The author calls it ‘a History; a
monument to what Venice accomplished, a
lesson to show how errors of states are pun-
ished, and how power and wealth may come
and go.”

 

 

 

The Macmillan Company, 66 Fifth Ave., New York

 

 

reader are President Kruger and Dr. Leyds.

 

| Published To-day
|

The Fugitives 2) Morley Roberts

HE heroine sends her lover to South Africa to rescue her sister's lover, who has !
been captured and taken to Pretoria, The main part of the story deals with the |
extraordinary adventures of this young man, who succeeds in getting into Pre- 1

torla unperceived, and rescuing his friend, Among the characters introduced to the

 

|

Cloth, $2mo, 5% = 7, $5.00.

The Circular Study

by Anna Katharine Green.

CCORDING to the Boston Transcript
A Mrs. Rohifs has elevated the detec-
tive story to a higher plane than
any other contemporary writer, The
Strange circular room, the mysterious pe-
culiarity of its eccentric occupant, his
fantastic deaf-and-dumb body guard, the
signalling lantern with its shades of many
colors, these all contribute to the fascina-
tion of this extraordinary tragedy of city
life,

Cloth, 12mo, 557%, $1.25,

An Eagle Flight

hy Jose Risal.

FILIPINO novel by a native Filipino,
a story of tyranny and patriot-
ism, oppression and uprising, of
adventure and manly courage. It shows
some noble traits of the Filipino character |
as no outsider could possibly describe |
them, Butits aim is to entertain rather
than to instruct. The author sacrificed his
own life for his country. Such a man
knew how to make the lives of other heroes
interesting.

Cloth, 12mo, 55sx7%, $1.25, |

American Fights and Fighters |

By Cyrus Townsend Brady
Svar founded on history, of the Revolutionary War, the War of 1812, the Indian r

War in the Northwest, and the wars with Tripoli and France,

Mr. Brady’s vivid |

narrative is brilliant with the lustrous deeds of his heroes, among whom are George |
Washington, “Light Horse Harry" Lee, Anthony Wayne, Stephen Decatur, John Paul |!

| Jones, and other brave, strong men of the early days of the Republic. The book com-

pel and others,

M’CLURE, PHILLIPS & CO

== —

THE SEXUAL

INSTINCT

Its Use and Dangers
as Affecting Heredity and Morals.
Hy JAMES FOSTER SCOTT.

|

B. A. (Yale University), M. D.. ©. M. (Edinburgh
University), laie Obstetrician to Columbia Hos-
ital for Women, Washington, D. ©.

‘Phis book contains mueh plain talking, for which
Joffer no defense, [ts justifeation will found tn
the body of the work designed to furnish the pon-
profeasional man wilh a knowledge whieh he cannot
afford to be without of matters periaining to the
sexual sphere.''~From Author's Preface.

“A plain spoken, yet scientific treatise, on a dim.
cult but most imporiant subject coneerning whieh
there are few good books. "Chicago Tribune.

“A wealth of accurate information on a subject of
the greatest importance." Columb (O.) Dispatch

8vo, 436 pages.
Cloth, postpaid, $2.00.

E. B. TREAT & CO,, Publishers,
241-243 West 23d Street,
a New York.

OOKS—All outof print books supplied, no mat

teron what subject. Write me, stating beoks

eet you 9ny book ever published

When in England call and inapect my stock of 50,-

000 rare books. BAKER'S GREAT BOOKSHOP
John Bright st, Kirmingnam, England

2 5 C.—Lander's “Odd Fellowshtp,"" Morgan's ‘Pree
0 masonry,” “Artemus Ward."
PHATT, 161 613 as.

 

 

wanted $ | can

bines the substance of history with the style of romance,

With 16 full page iflusteations by Darley, Chap-
i2mo, 5% x 8%.

$3.50,

%)

WEIRD
THESRIENT

BY HEDRY ILIGWIZI

uthor of “In the Pale," “Je Dreams end
thea," ete. 12mo., decorall oth, til
a / ¥, ii alive illustrated.

MYSTIC EASTERN TALES

iagiudin & curlous new version of the legend of the
er ng Jew."

 

HENRY T. COATES & CO., Publishers,
PHILADELPHIA,

SPECIAL BARGAINS IN BOOKS.

8. G. NS, a

980 Filth “Avenac™ co get sires
OF 8 FOR SAL
cz clo a Britannica. 25 vols,
atest edi worth 87.50........

 

Bulwer, 40 vols, Etchings on Japan paper,

cloth binding, put at 60.00 pet..........+ :
Strickland Li Queens of Engiand, 16 vols,
cloth, put at 40.1 0........ 17,50

Ruskin's Works, 13 vols, complete, colored
plates, pul at 19.50. gouseasan oes enence
Cariyie’s Works, 19 vols, cloth, complete
worth 40.00....... 01+ 000s 08 tpeeece ee 15,00
All books guaranteed perfect— money refunded if
vnsatistactory—-new books at 25% discount from
Dublisbers’ prices.

0,00

ae leg

 
 
 

Mew Publications,

Aa Ree

The American Novel

AND SEVERAL OTHER NEW BOOKS
THAT DESERVE TO SUCCEED,

A good deal has been said in
these advertisements concerning
“The Novel of the Moment,
“The Book of the Decade,” ete.,
but ‘The Great American
Novel” has not been mentioned
for some time. Several of the
readers who saw the original
manuscript of

The Expatriates

believe that this is the book that
is to establish its claim to the
title. It is by Lillian Bell whose
clever short stories and essays
are well known.

It contains all the elements
that make for success. Two de-
lightful love stories run through
it, it is full of stirring scenes such
as the sinking of La Bourgogne,
the burning of the great Bazar
in Paris, the storming of SanJuan
Hill, and without being in the
least didactic, it teaches an ad-
mirable lesson to a certain class
of unpatriotic Americans. It
will be published Monday.

* * * * +
Another of Monday’s booksis

The Moon Metal

by Garrett P. Serviss, It isasto
such as Jules Verne might well
have written. The hero discov
ers the secret of drawing from
the moon a metal unknown to
earth. The new metal becomes
the coinage of the world, and
from this develops a plot which,
quite unintentionally, proves to
be a strong argument for sound
money.

* * * * ~ rt

A good volume of essays is
so rare a thing nowadays, that
we are glad to be able to an-
nounce one in which we have
some confidence. It is called

The Pageantry of Life.

The author, Charles Whibley,
is a well-known English critic.
His style is easy and refined
and his opinions are uniformly
sound, The essays are chiefly
on literary subjects.

* - * * a ond

A word about a good story of
New York which is still com
paratively new
The Action and The Word

By Brander Matthews. No
other writer gives us such faith-
ful, clear cut pictures of Metro~
politan life to-day. “The Action
and The Word” is.one of Mr.
Matthews’s best. It is a story
of a society woman who becomes
infatuated with the stage.

The Expatriates, | The Moon Metal,

$1.50. $1.00.
The Pageantry of! The Action and
Life, $1.50, The Word, $1.80.
Harper & Brothers

New York.

Little, Brown & Company

PUBLISH TO-DAY

A LIFE OF
Francis Parkman

CHARLES HAIGHT PARNHASL

With Portraits, 8vo. 62.60,

This important biography reveals in Parkman
a character as great and as juteresting ag his
work. Mr. Farnham waa chosen as biographer
by Mr. Parkman's family He had & personal
acquaintance with the historian, and has had
access to all available material.

SHADOWINGS
By LAFCADIO HEARN, author of “Exotics
and Retrospectives,” “In Ghostly Japan,”
etc, Hlustrated. 12mo. $2.00,

SIGURD ECKDAL’S BRIDE
A Romance of the North By RICHARD
VOSS. Translated by MARY J. SAFFORD,
Illustrated, 12mo. $1.50

AS IT IS TO BE
By CORA LINN DANIELS, author ef “The
Bronze Buddha,” etc. New edition, Stath
thousand. 18mo, $1.00,

LITTLE, BROWN & CO., Publishers,

254 Washington St., Boston.

 

 

 

 

A MAN’S BOOK,
Tales of the

EX-TANKS,

A BOOK OF HARD LUCK STORIES.

By CLARENCE LEWIS CULLEN,

Originally published in the Sunda on
of’ The Sun.” Now obtainable in are

AT ALL BOOKSELLERS. PRICE 61.96,
GROSSET & DUNLAP, Pab.,
BL East 16th S¢,

 

Saas tala ie

1%