VOL, LXXL—NO, 223.

  
   

NEW ODELL STATE COMMITTEE

MORRIS, EIDMAN, VAN COTT AND
MEADE TO RETIRE,

 

 

 

Jauterbach, Pegnam, Cromwell and Hal
pin Go In—Dr, Butler Going to Chi-
cago—Schieren and Knight Electors
at Large—Roosevelt 0. K.’s Plat form.

Gov. Odell, in the opinion of poetical
Republicans, began yesterday to peer into
the crater of a volcano in search of flowers.

Incidentally a practical Republican said
that the Republican members of a certain
important committee would leave Albany
on adjournment day, each with $60,000
{n his inside pocket.

All this talk was at the Fifth Avenue
Hotel, where Gov. Odell was engaged all
day putting the finishing touches to the
list of delegates to the Republican State
tonvention, which is to assemble at noon
on Tuesday in Carnegie Hall. This con-
vention is to name the delegates at large
and alternates to the Republican national
convention, which is to assemble at Chi-
cago on June 21, It is also to name the
Electors at large and the Electors for the
State to be voted for on Nov. 7 in the Presi-¢
dential election. It is also to elect Gow
Odell's State committee, which in turn
js to elect him chairman, and then Cov.
Odell is to say who shall be chairman of the
executive committee to succeed William
Barnes, Jr., State committeeman for Al-
bany and Schenectady counties and Sur-
vevor of the Port of Albany,

Goy. Odell's labors, furthermore, included
the selection of the delegates to the national
convention for the eleven Congress districts
{n New York county and a part of Queens
county.

Thereare to be-975 delegates and an equal
number of alternates in this, Gov. Odell’s
first convention as Republican State leader.
Jt is true that at the recent conference at
the Fifth Avenue Hotel Gov. Odell recog-
nized, as he said for the forty-seventh
time, Senator Platt as Republican State
leader, but that has been accepted as “guff”
and Gov. Odell’s declaration at the same
time that he wouldn’t meddle in the dis-
trictas may be equally so regarded, when it
is read how yesterday he decided upon the
decapitation of Platt men as members of
the new State committee and determined
to jounce in national delegates to suit his
own views. Senator Platt was at the hotel
in the afternoon and evening and talked
with a number of his friends.

Gov. Odell discussed minor matters with
Abe Gruber, Representative Littauer, ex-
Representative William L. Ward of West-
chester, Charles H. Murray, president of
the New York county committee; William
Halpin, chairman of the county executive
committee; Edward Lauterbach and Sena-
tor Elsberg,

Inasmuch as Senator Depew and Repre-
sentative Sereno E. Payne, chairman of
the Ways and Means Committee, had been
selected to be, respectively, temporary
and permanent chairmen of the convention,
the talked turned on the platform. Gov.
Odell, those In his coterid said, mailed
from Albany to President Roosevelt a num-
ber of days ago a copy of the platform
which he and his friends had drafted, and
the President returned it with the word
that it was eminently satisfactory to him.
The platform sounds the praises of Presi-
dent Roosevelt’s administration and dwells
in glowing terms upon Gov. Odell’s ad-
ministration at Albany.

And yet, as a side light, twenty-six of
the thirty-five Assembly districts in Gov.
Odell's “reorganized and reformed” New
York county organization failed to adopt
resolutions of instructions for President
foosevelt, and Mr. Littauer and Louis
¥. Payn, two of Gov. Odell’s chief lieu-
tenants, were similarly forgetful of the
President in their Congress district con-
ventions, while William C. Warren, the
Adonis of Buffalo and Gov. Odell's keeper
of the golden key to the Erie Canal at the
(Queen City, wasn't quite so forgetful when
he had his delegates instructed for the
President “if nominated.”

Gov. Odell read his platform to some of
his friends, and they told him it was “bully.”

Gov. Odell, now thatthe is to become
State chairman in this the Presidential
year, through the grace of’ President Roose-
velt's friends, who candidly acknowledge
that they made a virtue of necessity, in-
tends, it was declared, insthe platform de-
creed by himself and his friends to link
President Roosevelt's fortunes in the State
this year with theirs. It would take a page
to define the why and the wherefore of this
policy, but the President’s friends sadly
admitted yesterday that they understood
the game, and the good people among them
said that they felt like reading the Episcopal
prayer for deliverance from all earthly
and spiritual ills. Gov. Odell’s friends said
that he was very cute to mix up the Presi-
dent's political fortunes with those of the
new Odell machine; there might be some-
thin’ doin’ in a substantial way after the
new Re national committee is
organized with a new chairman and a new
{reaazurer.

As to a chairman of the executive com-
Inittee of the State committee—the best
information was that Gov. Odell desired
Mr. Barnes to remain in his place. Mr.
Barnes is Surveyor of the Port of Albany,
&3 federal officeholder under the Presi-
dent he might add weight, certainly beauty,
(0 the situation. Senator Platt also de-
tires Mr. Barnes to remain in the place
he has had for the last half dozen years,
and Mr. Barnes’s friends who see in nim
4 future chairman of the Republican State
committee urged him to continue as chair-
man of the executive oommittee. This
‘hatter will be definitely settled to-day.

Gov, Odell announced that the electors
a! large to be selected by the convention
‘ould be ex-Mayor Charles A. Schieren
©f Brooklyn and Mayor Erastus C. Knight

f Buffalo, Goy. Odell’s candidate for
“overnor next fall. The alternates at
‘arge to the national convention are to be
‘aken from New York, Kings, Eme and
Monroe counties, Charles R. Banke, a
‘ealthy merchant of Brooklyn, to be the
\\ings county man,

Gov, Odell settled the dispute in the
‘hirteenth Congress district thus, Ed-
‘ard Lauterbach to be State committee-
‘nan and Elihu Root and Nicholas Murray
Rutler to be the national delegates for the
‘istrict. Mr, Lauterbach didn't want to

State committeeman, but preferred
hat Alexander T. Mason should have the
“istinetion, and Mr. Lauterbach's friends
wanted him to go as one of the national
delegates for the district. President Roose-
velt’s friends, Herbert Parsons of the
Twenty-fifth Assembly district and John
Henry Hammond and B, Aymar Sands of
the Twenty-seventh district, notified Gov.

 

Odell that they wanted Dr. Butler and
would beat him (Odell) if he insistea on
sending Mr. Lauterbach. Mr. Lauterbach
as State committeeman for the Thirteenth
Congress district succeeds Robert C. Morris:
Senator Platt's friend Gov, Odell also decided
to displace Ferdinand Eidman, a twenty-
five-year friend of Senator Platt, as State
committeeman for the Tenth district and
put in his place James F. Pegnam, Gov.
Odell's leader in the Fourteenth Assembly
district. Magistrate Clarence W. Meade,
State committeeman for the Fleventh
district has been very ill for a yeat and he
is to be succeeded by afr. Halpin, whom
Goy. Odell made chairman of the county
executive committee and a State Tax Com-
missioner in place of J. Edgar Leaycraft.
Gov. Odell selected President Cromwell
to be State committeeman for the Eighth
district, to succeed Postmaster Van Cott,
Senator Platt's friend for thirty-five years.

As national delegates Goy. Odell selected
the following:

Ninth District—Charles H. Murray and
Joseph Levenson, /

Tenth District—Samuel S, Koenig and
Thomas Rothman,

Seventeenth District—Julius H. Mayer
and William M. K. Olcott.

Eighteenth District—W illiam H. Ten Eyck
and Edward H. Healy.

Gov. Odell is to select to-day the natione}
delegates for the Fifteenth Congress dis-
trict. The slate has been Representative
William H. Douglas and Lemuel E. Quigg.
The delegates from one or two other dis-
triots will also be selected.

Gov, Odell, it was announced, is to ap-
point George Edward Graham, manager
of the Associated Press at Albany, to be
secretary of the enlarged Board of Railroad
Commissioners.

FIRED BIRD SHOT AT A CROWD.

Eight Children and One Woman Weunded
by a Drunken Man.

MavucH CHungE, Pa., April 9.—Crazed by
the excessive use of liquor, Gustavus Luck-
enbach, aged 60 years, a veteran of the civil
war, fired a shotgun this afternoon at a
crowd of women and childrenwseriously
wounding eight of them, The injured are
Martha Dohart, Joseph McCafferty, Clar-
ence Sinox, Florence Fertig, Mary McGin-
ley, Helen Sondheim and Daniel McGin-
ley, whose ages range from 9 to 16 years,
and Mrs. A. W, Van Anda.

Luckenbach, who has been on a spree
for a month, became deranged last night
and beat his wife. At noon to-day she swore
out a warrant for his arrest. When Chief of
Police MoLean arrived at the Luckenbach
home to serve the warrant a large crowd
gathered in the street. McLean knocked
on the door and Iuckenbach appeared at
the second story window with a shotgun
in his hands. He warned the crowd to keep
away from the house.

Chief McLean tried to temporize with
the man pending the arrival of several
patrolmen who had been summoned. This
enraged Luckenbach, who aimed his gun
at the crowd and fired. The weapon was
loaded with birdshot.

The wounded were quickly picked up
and carried away, In a time a large
crowd of meti and boys , and it was
with great difficulty that the police pre-
vented them from storming the house and
taking Luckenbach, who had defied the
police. Several men entered the rear of
the house surreptitiously while the police
kept up a parley with him. When Lucken-
bach was seized from behind he fought
desperately.

It was said this evening that Mrs. Van
Anda and the seven injured children will
recover soon.

ANTARCTIC ONCE WARMER.

Proof Found by the British Expedition
Under Capt. Scott.
Special Cable Despatch to Tar Sun

Lonpon, April 9—Sir Clements Mark-
ham, president of the Royal Geographical
Society, regards the results of the Scott
Antarctic expedition as the most important
of any that has ever gone to the Arctic
or Antarctic regions. He says:

“The discovery of rock with the impres-
sion of plants alone justifies the expedition.
I attach the utmost importance to this
discovery, though I hoped that something
of the kind would be forthcoming. I
thought it was all volcanic rock and was
certainly unprepared for such a remark-
able addition to our knowledge. It proves
that there was a warmer climate once
in that region than now. I do not know
what effect it will have on the theory of
some geologists, founded on the presence
of certain plants in South America, that
there had been some connection between
Australia and South America in bygone
ages.

“The results were magnificent. I ex-
pected that Capt. Scott would devote all
his attention to extricating the Discovery
from the ice last season, whereas he carried
out a bigger programme than during the
first season. He discovered hundreds of
miles of a land, not known to exist before,
which seems very like Greenland. There
is a big range of mountains facing the sea,
a gigantic ice cap behind, with no sign of
land beyond.” un

TIBETAN TREACHERY. \

Fired on British Party That Had Been
Invited to — Parley.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Lonpon, April 9.—Official despatches
from Lord Curzon, the Viceroy of India,
state that in the fighting at Samondu on
April 7, when a British party that had been
invited to a parley by the Tibetans were
treacherously fired upon, the Tibetans
had six killed and three wotinded. None
of the British was injured.

The Lhasa Government has confiscated
the property of the Generals and Lama for
failing to etop the advance of the British
at Guru,

GERMANS LOSE 32 KILLED.

 

 

 

Battle With the Rebellious Herreros in
Southwest Africa.
Special Cable Despatch to Tus SUx.

BERL, April 9.—An official telegram has
been received here announcing that Major-
Gen, Glassenapp's division had a severe
but successful engagement with the re-
bellious Herreros near Okaharui, Southwest
Africa, on April 2.

The bodies of ninety-two dead Herreros

were left on the field. The Germans had a
Lieutenant and thirty-one men killed and
sixteen wounded,

 

Newsboysa Public Necessity.

Curoaao, April 9.—-The State Anti-Ped-
dling law does not apply to newsboys. Judge
Dunne has decided that newsvenders per-
form a public service in the distribution of
information. The decision was e in
the appeal of John Parkhem from a $10
fine.

NEW YORK,

ane er ESS

 

SUNDAY,

 

PAGE MURDER CASE ARREST, | |

 

FORMER RAILROAD MAN TAKEN
INTO CUSTODY.

 

Cc. L. Tacker, a Young Man Acquainted
With the Murdered Woman’s Brother,
Detained Last Night—Police Keep
Back the Evidence Against Him,

Boston, April 9.—Charles I.. Tucker, a
young man living at Auburndale and for-
inerly employed as aticket agent by the
Boston and’ Albany Railroad, was arrested
to-night on the charge of murdering Miss
Mabel Page at her home in Weston about
noon on March 31, The arrest was made
by Chief Joseph E, Shaw and Gen. G. F.
Whitney of the State police about 8:30
P.M,

Tucker was found at the home of his
parents, with whom he resides. When
Gen. Whitney reached the house the son
was asked to go to, the Newton police head-
quarters. He went along willingly and
after being questioned by the police at the
Station was charged formally with the
crime and locked in a cell. He took his
arrest coolly and declared that he was in-
nocent,

Tucker waa the first and only person
who has really been suspected of this crime
which has mystified every one for the past
nine days. Last Monday night he was
taken to the Newton police headquarters
and subjected to a searching examination
as to his movements on the day of the
murder. So satisfactory were his ex-
planations that when the detectives allowed
him to go home at midnight Gen.Whitney
said to the reporters:

“I wish to announce that we have thor-

oughly investigated the story told by Tucker

and wish to say that he has proved a com-
plete alibi. He is out of the case entirely
This is official.”

It is now learned that Tucker's release
on Monday night was a mask to the real
suspicions of the detectives, and that they
had found his story did not hang together.
All this week they have been working along
lines which pointed to Tucker as the man
who stabbed Miss Page to death.

The story told Monday by George W.
Ross, the coachman, who has been away
from his home in Cochituate since last
Wednesday night settled the matter in
the minds of the police.

Ross turned up to-day at the State House
and was interviewed by Attorney-General
Parker and Chief Shaw. Ross told of his
having been near the Page honfe on last
week Thursday to apply at the house of
a Mr. Schenck for a place as coachman.

It is said that he told the State officers
that he saw a man within 100 yards of the
Page residence at 11:41 A. M., and from the
description he gave of this man the police
believed he was Tucker.

With this fresh information the police
went out to Weston this afternoon, and
after endeavoring to straighten out aev-
eral pointe that were not quite clear, drove
to Auburndale and arrested the suspect.
When Attorney-General Parker was in-
formed to-night of Tucker's arrest, he
said:

“That is what I expected would happen.
Since I went out to Weston the other day
with District Attorney Sanderson to look
the ground over, I thought I saw some-
thing and since then the officers have been
working along the lines of that clue until a
distinct situation was developed.

“I cannot give you my opinion as to the
motive for the crime or give you any infor-
mation regarding the evidence we have
gathered in the case, as that is something
which must not come out until Tucker is
placed on trial.”

It is believed that Tucker, who was ac-
quainted with Harold Page, saw the mur-
dered woman’s father and Amy Roberts,
the servant, leave the house and then called
at the door with the message that Harold
had been injured, The motive ie supposed
to have been robbery. It is said that
Tucker once possessed a knife such as could
have inflicted the wounds found on the
dead woman's body.

There were rumors that young Tucker
had said he was going West. On Monday
night, after having been sought for all day,
he appeared at his home as suddenly as
he had disappeared in the morning. His
first callers were two reporters and Gen.
Whitney.

“What were you doing up at Pages’s at
the time of the§murder?” he was asked.

“Wellfif it will do you any good, I'd just
as lief tell you,” replied Tucker. “I went
up there for a walk, that's all there is to
it. I was not at the Page house at all.
I could not see the Page house from where
I stopped.” :

“I knew Harold Page pretty well two or
three years ago. He worked for the Boston
and Albany road at the same time that I
did, and I used to see him a good deal at
the Auburndale station, where I sold tickets.
I've been up to his house two or three times
to meet him, but I haven't been to the Page
house in a year and a half.”

 

RESCUED STOLEN PRESIDENT.

 

Wyoming Seminary Students Have a Lively
Scrap Over a Kidnapping.

WILKEESBARRE, Pa., April 9.—C. E. Butz,
president of the,senior class of Wyoming
Seminary, was kidnapped by juniors yees-
terday and held a prisoner until last night,
when the seniors, after a desperate fight,
managed to rescue him. Meantime the
annual reception of the seniors was threat-
ened with postponement, while the class
men smarted under the gibes and laughter
of the juniors. Butz had been overpowered,
bound and gagged in his room at 4 o'clook
in the morning, and so carefully were the
plans laid that he was not missed until
noon. He had been taken in a carriage to
Luzerne, three miles away, and locked up
under the guard of five juniors in the fire
engine house. At noon, when the juniors
posted “Lost, Strayed or Stolen, one senior
class president” notices, the seniors real-
ized the situation. It was not until even-
ing that they traced Butz to the engine
house, and then a party of eighteen raided
it, smashing windows, breaking furniture
and tearing clothes in the fight to over-
power the juniors, When they rescued
the prisoner they faced the borough au-
thorities and were threatened with arrest
for the damage done, but adjusted the mat-
ter by paying the bills.

DEWEY’S PORT WINE AND GRAPE JUICE
Are superior fér your sick ones.

H. ce Dewey & Sons Co., 135 Fulton St., New York.

—Adv.

 

 

“The Best Scotch
Usher's Glenlivet.— Ade.

The Steamboat service between New York and
Orient, Greenport, Shelter Island and Sag Harbor

will ril i2th. Steamer leaves Pier
ia eR, N.Y Pao, Thurs and Sat'y at 600 P. M.

A

APRIL

 

 

SunDay, APRIL 10; 1008,

Showers-and colder. to-day; :falr-to morrow,

e

 

10,

   

 

JOLTS FOR M'CARREN.

ree
fe Loses the 24 and 11th Distrietse—Hugh

MeLaughiin a Delegate te Albany.

Of the sixty-three delegates to the Demo-
cratic State convention elected in Kings
county last night, twelve, representing
four Assembly districts of the twenty-one,
are pronounced foes of McCarren. They
come from the Second, Seventh, Ninth and
Eleventh.

McCarren did not try to bave resolu-
tions of instruction passed at any of the
conventions,

In the Second district Hugh McLaughlin
was chosen a delegate. He lives in the
First, but that is a McCarren district.

Inthe Eleventn the vote was 15 to Lagainst
McCarren, and Shevlin is one of the dele-
gates,

It is asserted by tne anti-MoCarrenites
that in addition to the Second, Seventh,
Ninth and Eleventh districts, woich are
openly in their column, there will be at least
five and probably six or seven other dis-
tricts solidly allied with them, when the
caucus is he!ld in Albany, and that they
will also get enough other scattering votes
to win out against McCarren. These
claims are not admitted by MeCarren, who
contends that he will control, under any
circumstances, at least 45 of the 63 delegates,

FORTIFIED LADY.

Mr. Robertson Calls on Mias King After

Writing That He Wants That Money Back.

Jobn Robertson of 261 West 125th street
limped into the West Forty-seventh
Street station last night. considerably
smashed up. He told the sergeant through
the hole where a couple of his front teeth
had been that he got it around in the Rich-
field flats, in West Forty-third street, and
he wanted to make a charge of grand lar-
ceny against Bertha King. He said that he
lost $46 in Miss King's company several
weeks ago and had written her at various
times since asking her to return the money.
Yesterday he received a reply telling him
to come down to the flat and he'd get it.
The “get” was underscored.

He visited Miss King last night and two
men met him at the door. They handed
it to him good and plenty on the landing,
he says, and kicked and punched him all
the way downstairs. He.stopped in the
vestibule to mop some of the blood off
his face and then they went at him again
and kicked him into the gutter. Detectives
Heaney and Ray arrested the King woman,
but they couldn't find her bodyguard.

AILL PLATFORM READY?
Maybe the Democrats of the State Won't
Care for Another of the Old Sort.
Democrats began to speak last night at
the Hoffman House of the platform which
is to be adopted by the Democratic State
convention, which assembles at Albany on
April 18. They had heard that David B.
Hill had already drawn a platform which
he believed the convention should adopt.
They did not know anything of what Mr.
Hiil had put into his platform, and some
of the Democrats sald that they were very
much averse to Mr. Hill's writing any
more platforms for Democratic State con-
ventions. They said that Mr. Hill was a
great believer in finesse and expediency,
and that the situation at present does not
call for any such style of campaigning, but
that the Democratio party should become
aggressive and put out a line of principles,

The Democrats who talked about their
platform said that the Republican party
in New York State and in the nation was
of the defensive and that it was the proper
caper for the Democrats to keep it there,
which could not be done by juggling of
words. These Democrats declared that
the platform to be adopted at Albany
should be short, sharp and decisive. And
those Democrats who discussed the matter
said that they believed that the platforin
adopted would be most satisfactory to the
Democratic sentiment in the State.

 

DIFFER ON HEADQUARTERS SITE.

 

Mayor Doesn't Agree With McAdoo's Plan
to Have New Police Building Uptown.
Mayor McClellan does not favor Police

Commissioner McAdoo's proposal to have

the new Police Headquarters building

uptown. On Friday afternoon the Mayor
and Mr. McAdoo inspected several sites
between Thirty-fourth and Fifty-ninth
streets. After looking them over the

Mayor was not inclined to agree that one

of these sites would be more suitabie for

the new building than the old Centre Market.

The money for building on the market
ground has already been authorized by
the Board of Estimate. While the Mayor
is personally against Mr. MoAdoo's sug
gestion, he has told the Commissione
that he will take a neutral attitude when
Mr. McAdoo brings the matter before the
Board of Estimate. If the Commissioner
ean convince the majority of the board
of the desirabliity of having headquarters
uptown, the Mayor will act in accordance
with the wish of the majority.

Mayor McClellan and Mr. McAdoo have
agreed that it will be more advisable to
have the new Tenderloin station removed
nearer to Broadway and Thirty-fourth
street. Two sites are under considera-
tion, and the Commissioner will probably

recommend the purchase of one of them |

in a report to the Board of Fatimate at the
next meeting.

K.

DAVIS ASKS DIVORCE

 

VRS. G.

Charges Desertion From a Well-known
Anthracite Coal Operator.

WILKESBARRE, Pa., April 9.—Suit for a
divorce has been begun by Mrs. George
K. Davis of this city. Before marriage
she was Miss Ellen C, Gallatin of New York.
She charges desertion.

Mr. Davis is treasurer of the Warrior
Run Coal Company, of which his father
is president. He is one of the wealthiest
coal operators in this part of the State.
One of his sisters recently married J.
DeCoursey Ireland of New York and an-
other D. B. C. Catherwood of Philadelphia.

The Davis marriage occurred about
three years ago, and after keeping house
here for a time they separated and have
since remained apart. Mrs. Davis has
lived most of the time since then in this
city at a hotel. It is understood that the
separation is due to differences in their
tastes, Mrs. Davis liking society and travel.
Mr. Davis does not care for either.

 

» sons Seoregere 8 tncimective articles
: News le ts
at newsde: —Adv. _ bilan

1904.—Copurion, 1904, by The Sun Printing and Publishing Association.

 

WIDOW OF BROOKLYN RAILROAD
MAN A SUICIDE,

She Is Found Dead With a Bullet Wound in
Her Right Temple at the Hotel St.
Denis—Had Suffered From Nervous
‘Trouble Since the Death of Her Husband

Mrs. Elizabeth Hazzard, the widow of
William H. Hazzard, the well known builder,
bank president and railroad man of Brook-
lyn, who died in January, committed suicide
yesterday afternoon in the Hotel St. Denis
by shooting herself in the head. -

Since her husband's death Mrs. Hazzard
had been suffering from nervous trouble
and lately had been in the charge of a trained
nurse at Pine Tree Inn, at Lakehurst, N. J.

Mrs. Hazzard evidently went to the
hotel intending to kill herself. The re-
volver she used was new, and in a hand-
bag which she carried were cards giving
the name aud address of her sister, Mrs.
Kate Bass of 361 State street, Brooklyn,
and the name and telephone number of
her nephew, Dr. H. O. Rockefeller of 152
Jerome street, Brooklyn.

Mrs. Hazzard went to the hotel on Friday
night and got a room on the second floor.
When she did not get up at the usual hour
yesterday morning a maid knocked on the
door. Mrs. Hazzard answered that she
did not intend to get up so early and did
not want to be disturbed.

Late in the afternoon one of the servants
went to the room again, but couldn't get
in. The clerk was notified and he opened
the door with a pass key. Mrs. Hazzard,
partly dressed, was lying on the bed, dead.
In her hand was a revolver which was
pressed into a bullet wound in her right
temple. Coroner's Physigian O'Hanlon,
who made an examination of the body,
said that death had been instantaneous.

The clothing which Mrs. Hazzard wore
was new and expensive. In the room
was a plain satchel in which were boxes
that had contained medicine. One small
box was marked “nerve tablets.” The box
in which the revolver came and a box of
cartridges were also in the room.

In a small handbag was a purse con-
taining $13, a number of Mrs. Hazzard's
visiting cards and the cards with the names
and addresses ef her sister and nephew.
On the card bearing her sister's name was
written: “This is my sister's address.”

Mrs. Hazzard decided to leave Lakehurst
a few days ago. She wrote to her relatives
in Brooklyn saying that she was going
to send her twelve-year-old-son Paul, who
had been staying with her, to relatives in
Connecticut. She left Lakehurst on Friday
afternoon, She seemed to be in good
spirits and said that she was going to New
York to transact some business,

Her sister, Mrs. Bass, received a letter
from her yesterday. In the letter Mrs.
Hazzard asked her to call some day this
week at the St. Denis, and added; “It
will probably be the last time we will see
each other.”

Another letter was received by Hugh
Newton, a negro, who had been the man
of all work around the house at 211 Scher-
merhorn street when Mr. and Mrs. Hazzard
lived there. In this letter Mrs. Hazzard
told of her depression and nervousness
and said that she was tired of living and
“wanted to be with her Heavenly Father.”
“I will die as soon as I can,” she wrote.

Mrs. Bass and Dr. Rockefeller were
notified of Mrs. Hazzard's death and they
immediately went to Merritt's undertaking
establishment in Righth avenus, where the
body had been removed. Dr. Rockefeller
said that Mrs. Hazzard had gone to Lake-
hurst soon after her husband's death.

Mrs. Hazzard was Miss Elizabeth Rocke-
feller, a’ daughter of Philip Rockefeller
of Germantown, N. Y. She was Mr. Haz-
zard's second wife and was married to him
about twelve vears ago. For a number
of years she taught a class of girls in the

Hanson Place Methodist Episcopal Church |

in Brooklyn, of which she and her husband
were members.

Mr. Hazzard was president of the Brook-
lyn City Railroad and the Fulton Bank.
He built most of the warehouses along the
Brooklyn waterfront, the Brighton Beach
Hotel and the foundation of the Produce
Exchange building.

 

BATTLESHIP TARGET TROPHY.

The Wisconsin Wins It, With 0 Hits Out of
10 With 13-Inch Guns.

Wasuincron, April 9.—The battleship
Wisconsin, flagship of the Asiatic fleet,
has won the battleship target practice
trophy for this year. Until news of her
record was received by mail at the Navy
Department, to-day, it was supposed that
the battleship Alabama of the Asiatic fleet
had won the trophy, a telegram sent by
Rear Admiral Evans six weeks ago in re-
gard to the Wisconsin's record having
been misinterpreted.

The battleship Illinois, which has done
some rattling good target work, will not
have her target practice until her present
repairs are completed, but the Navy De-
partment has virtually determined that her
score shall not be considered in the com-
petition, so that the Wisconsin, even if
the Illinois makes a better record, will re-
ceive the trophy for this year. The Wis-
consin will in addition have the right to fly
a special pennant showing that she is the
leading ship in target work. Her best

, score with 13-inch guns was nine hits out of

gre een ns

ten shots.

This is the first competition in the navy
under the new system of awarding trophies
to vessels and cash prizes and increased
pay to the best gun pointers.

HELD FOR TAKING

Manager
Charged With Embezzlement.

$25,000.

 

LAWRENCE, Mass., April 9.--As the re- |
sult of an investigation of the affairs of the |

Arlington Cooperative Association, a local

profit sharing body composed of several |

hundred mill hands, George Dewhirst its
former clerk and manager, is under arrest
for the larceny of more than $25,000. It is
also charged that he made entries in the
books of the concern with the intention of
showing a profit when no profit really
existed,

The association operates several stores,
and its coal and wood yard is one of the
most extensive in New Engiand. It
was formed twelve years ago and the
finances of the concern are in a tangled
condition. Several stockholders have
brought a petition for the appointment
of a receiver.

Dewhirst pleaded not guilty to-day and
was released upon furnishing $15 000 bail.

Latest Marine Intelligence.
Arrived; Ss Princess Anne, Nerfaik, April &

 

 

of a Cooperative Assoctation |

eee eee

THIRTY-SIX PAGES.

GERMAN EMPRESS VERY ILL,

aricese Veins and Serious Complications
From Tight Lacing.
Special Cable Despatch to Tum Sun.

LONnpon, April 9.—A despatch from Berlin
says that there is grave concern in Court
circles over the health of Fmpress Augusta
Victoria. The habit of excessive tight~
lacing has resulted in serious complica-
tions, and her Majesty is also suffering
with varicose veins.

She is now resting at Bellevue Castle,
where all the apartments are on the same
floor, her condition making it impossible
for her to walk up or down stairs. She is
conveyed from room to room in a wheeled
chair.

BOOKER WASHINGTON HIS GUEST.

Met at the Station by President Baldwin
and Driven to*the Latter's Home.

Locust VaLuEy, L. I., April 9.—Booker
T. Washington came here to-day as the
guest of President Baldwin of the Long
Island Railroad. He arrived on the 10:10
A. M. train and was met at the station
by Mr. Baldwin, They entered a carriage
and were driven to Mr. Baldwin's residence.

 

 

 

 

CONSERVATORY FOR A PRISON.

Henry Phipps to Give One to the Western
Penitentiary at Pittsburg.

Pitrsspura, April 9.—Henry Phippe of
the United States Steel Corporation has
offered to the Prison Board of the Western
Penitentiary a large floral conservatory
for the penitentiary provided the prisoners
be permitted to visit the greenhouse.
The prison board has accepted the offer;

Plans are being made for a large conserva-
tory of concrete, slate, steel and glass to be
erected adjoining the prisbn. -The green-
house will be so arranged that when the
prisoners are not visiting the place it can be
thrown open to the public.

 

—

‘MISS WATERBURY LOSES FURS.

A Cape anda Coat Drop From Her Victoria
—-Police Asked to Find ’Em,

Miss Katherine Waterbury, daughter of
J.M. Waterbury, the well known clubman,
lost two valuable fur wraps from her victoria
yesterday afternoon while she was making
her charity rounds {in The Bronx. They
were lost somewhere between the Home
for Incurables, where Miss Waterbury
made a visit, and her country home in
Bay Chester. One was a mink lined cape
valued at $600 and the other was a sealskin
coat worth $250.

When Miss Waterbury discovered her loss
she had the footman and groom go back
over the road, but the furs were not found,
The Westchester police were asked last
night to keep a lookout for them.

 

 

CONTEMPT IN POLICE COURT.

 

Magistrate Fines a Bowery Hotel Clerk
@% for Disregarding a Summons.

William: Brown, night clerk in the lodg-
ing house at 15 Bawery, was adjudged
guilty of contempt yesterday in the Essex
Market polfce court by Magistrate Pool.
He was fined $5. TMs is the first instance
in the history of police courts in this city
where contempt of court has been recog-
nized,

On Friday Brown was served with a
summons to appear on complaint of James
Brown, who said he had lost his overcoat in

the lod ing house. The clerk didn't show

up and the Magistrate issued another
| summons. Clerk Brown appeared yester-
| day.

“How dare you insult the dignity of this
' court?” demanded the Magistrate.
lesson, and I will fine you $5 for contempt.”
The Magistrate then paroled Brown to
allow him to borrow the money and also

to find the other Brown's coat. When |
court adjourned Brown had not put in
appearance with eit her the coat or the

cash and the Magistrate issued a bench
warrant for his arrest

BISSERT WOULD BE CLEARED

 

| Will Move for Dismissal of Remaining
| Indictment Against Him.
| George Bissert, formerly wardman in
the Fifth street precinct under Capt. Dia-
mond, has notified the District Attorney
| that he is going to ask for the dismissal
) of the indietment against him, which
| accuses him of accepting a bribe from
Lena Sehmidt, who ran a disorderly house
in Stuyvesant street in January, 1000,
Bissert was convicted and sent to State
prison by Recorder Goff for four years and
six months, and was doing time when he
got a new trial. He came back here and
made a confession to the D istrict Attorney,

in which he accuse d officials “higher up.” |
He was a witness against Inspector Cross |

at Police Hea dquarters in the trial which
ended in Cross’ s dismissal from the force

RYAN TO BE A’ CARDINAL?

The Philadeiphia Archbishop to Make a)

PHILADELPHIA, April  9.—Archbishop
Ryan will leave Philadelphia some time in
June for a trip to Rome. He will be gone
several months, but whether or not his
pilgrimage has for its purpose to secure
the red hat of a Cardinal he will not say.

“All I can say,” says the Archbishop, “is
that lL am going to Rome some time soon.
I will probably be able to leave in June.”
It is common talk among the Catholic
clergy, however, (hat he will return a Car-
dinal. It is believed that the dignity will
be conferred upon him on Aug. 20, the
twentieth anniversary of his succession to
the archbishopric.

 

 

Largest Lake Steamer Launched.

Lorain, Ohio, April 9.—In the presence

of an immense crowd, the steamer August us |

B. Wolvin, the largest vessel ever built
on fresh water and said to be the largest
boat in the world designed especially
for carrying freight, was successfully
launched at the American Shipbuilding
Company's yards here to-day. The vessel
will cost about $500,000.

Women Walt for Arrested Driver.
Mrs. Isaac Guggenheim of 763 Fifth
avenue and two women friends waited at
the Tenderloin station an hour last night
to get Mrs, Guggenheim's driver out on
bail. William Brown was the driver and
he violated the traffic rules at Broadway
and Thirty-third street. He was driving
the three women in an electric brougham,

Mr. Guggenheim finally gave the bond.
The Steamboat service bet ween New York and

Great Neck, Sea Cliff, Glen Cove and Glenwood
whl be resumed April 12th.—Ade.

 

 

 

“You
| autocrats of the Bowery must be taught a |

PRICE FIVE CENTS.
THREE DAYS OFJOBSANDGRABS

DTHENY THE LEGISLATURE WILL
ADJOURN SINE DIE,

Gov. Odell Will Be Responsible for Bilis
That Have Passed if He Allows Them
to Become Laws—His Railroad Come
mission Bil te Be Jammed Through,

 

 

 

 

ALBaNny, April 9.~-Three days more re-
main of the Legislative session of 1904.
They promise to be replete with many sensa-
tions, and the Legislature will go out of
office with a record of which it may well be.
ashamed. Jobs and grabs have passed
as never before. The responsibility for it
all rests upon Gov. Benjamin B. Odell. Had
he said “no” it would have ended matters.
He will be called upon within the next
thirty days to either approve or reject many
measures that are dangerous and contrary
to the interests of the people of the State.
But in Legislative circles no fears are enter-
tained that the bills desired by the leading
members will fail before the Governor,
He and the Black Horse Cayury have had
a feast this session,

The Legislature will not convene again
until Wednesday at 1 o'clock, and there isa
great deal of work mapped out for the two
houses. During the closing days of the
session the Assembly has to pass the Judges’
pension bill, That is to be put on the calen-
dar for next Friday, it has been asserted,
yet it is semi-officially announced that the
Committee on Rules of the Assembly at ite
meeting to-day voted against reporti
this bill. abi

The Governor's bill giving him control of
the State Railroad Commission by providing
for two additional Commissioners. is. to
be put on the Assembly calendar for next
Thursday, it issaid. The Governor's action
on the bill shows how much his word can
be relied on. This is the measure in which
he so blithely deceived the Merchanta’
Association as to what he would do for them
to give New York city relief in its passenger
transportation facilities.

The session of the Assembly on Wednes-
day will be of great interest. Assembly-
man Prentice has succeeded in having his
anti-policy bill, which is designed to make
it more uncomfortable for Al. Adams when
he comes out of Sing Sing, placed among
the first bills on the calendar. Mr. Prentice
says he has assurances from the Republican
leaders that he can get it passed in the
lower House. He will then rush it over to
the Senate and try to have that body pass
it. Senator Elsberg is going to champion
it in that body. It doesn't affect Dick
Canfield or any of Alfred Lauterbach’s
clients, 8o that Senator Elsberg can safely

| take itincharge. It is understood that the
Tammany members have been given to
understand that they are not to offer any
serious objection to the bill. Up-State
Democrats have advised Leader Charles
| F. Murphy that Tammany would receive
6ome respect if its representatives in the
Legislature would some time or other

be found supporting a measure which has

moral sentiment behind it, and not be
forever trying to throw obstacles in the
way of legislation aimed at gamblers and
policy shops.

It did not surprise any one that the Rules
Committee placed on the calendar for
Wednesday the notorious voting machine
bill, which is designed to compel New York
city to purchase voting machines.
would have been a greater surprise had
the committee refrained from reporting
it, considering who is the ruling genius of
the committee and the financial interest
some prominent Republican members’ of
the Legislature have in voting machines.

This is the bill introduced by Assembly-
man O'Neill, who represents Col. Michael
| J. Dady's Assembly district. It provides
‘that the Governor shall appoint a State
| voting machine board to consist of three
jinembers. This board is to examine and
pass upon all voting machines, and the one
it approves of must be adopted and used
by every city, town and village in’ the
State, There is no doubt as to what ma-
chine will be adopted now. And it would
seem from this that at last the notorious
| voting machine lobby has almost succeeded
; in securing what it wants. It is said that
Col. Dady and John Drake own the @x-
clusive privilege of furnishing voting
machines in New York city. A conserva
tive estimate would indicate that the men
| who furnish the machines for that city will

make a commission of over a quarter of a
' million dollars

| While the Senate has its calendar so full
of bills that there is no possibility of
ever getting through with it, yet only a
| handful of Senators were present to-day,
{and immediately upon convening that
| august body adjourned without doing

any business. The Assembly had @ sparse
| representation of members, but this did
not deter Speaker Nixon from jamming
| legislation through. Nothing really damag-
| ing was done, as that had already been
accomplished
| The Assembly passed the celebrated
| home rule bills for New York city, which
were introduced by Senator Elsberg and
| which gave that city relief that it never
found it needed. They are the bills au-
| thorizing the Police and Fire Commissioners
to reinstate policemen and firemen who
| have either been dismissed or resigned,
| and authorizing the New York city Board
| of Aldermen, upon the unanimous approval
| of the Board of Estimate and Apportion-
ment, to issue bonds for purposes now pro-
vided for in the charter.

The Assembly, however, passed a bill
of semi-importance, that is it is ofimpart-
ance to the interests affected, jit was

| Senator Raines's bill, clearing up the am-
| biguities of the law in relation tothe powers
j of title guaranty companies. For years
| these companies have been conducting
business under the impression that they
j had a right to guarantee the payment of
mortgages as well as the titles. Recently
| one New York city company, which had
| guaranteed mortgages to the extent of @
million dollars, had its attention called to
the fact that it had no right to guarantee
payments of mortgages and a serious Kitua-
tion confronted it. A consultation was
had with the Atforney-General, with the
result that Bonater Raines and Assembly.
| man Apgar introduced bills clearing up
| the defects. Assemblyman Apgar's bill
passed the Assembly yesterday

Assemblyman Apgar's bill giving the
New York Central the right to condemn
lands for railroad purposes passed the
Assembly. This is one of the series of
bills introduced which are necessary before
the company can begin to build its four
track electric railroad from New York city
to Croton. It will also have a bearing

upon the cerminal in New York city.
The Assembly passed the oO
for the commitment of -boy_ vy

It -

$aerss*

or