VOL LXXIII—NO, 178,
ROTH AIMING TO AYOID WAR

FRANCE AND GERMANY ARE NOT
READY TO FIGHT,

  

 

 

Failure of the Algeciras Conference Likely,
Though Europe Looks to a Poasibie
Compromise Through the Efforts of
the United States—Kalser Vacillating.

Special Cable Despatches to THR Sun.

Lonpon, Feb. 24.—-The air has been filled
thio week with the most alarming reports
concerning the Franco-German crisis, It
sbould be eaid at once that however dan-
gerous the situation created by a failure of
the Algeciras conference there will be no
war in the immediate future.

The universal feeling at the present
morent is one of acute exasperation at the
vacillating policy of Germany. Even during
the past few days the Katser has blown first
cold and then bot, His uncompromising re-
jection of the French concessions was natu-
rally interpreted to mean that Germany
never had any intention to seek an agreé-
ment at Algeciras. ‘The worldwide resent-
ment which Was shown against this atti-
tude induced him, apparently, to express
hopes of an ultimate compromise, but the
latest semi-official suggestions from Ger-
man sources of a pacific settlement are re-
ceived with sentiments more contemptuous
than hopeful. ‘

The real attitude of France at this moment
becomes of the highest importance. The
man who can describe it with greater frank-
ness than her official representative is M,
(Clemenceau, who is the most potential un-
official counsellor of the Government. He
says:

“It is impossible to conceal the fact that
the failure of the conference has excited
the public mind. No one seriously believes
it can result in war, dut it is too evident that
in returning home without having accom-
plished their task the diplomatists at Al-
geciras will leave the European situation
regrettably strained.

“The moment has come for France, in
eailors’ language, to closely trim her sails.
The resolute obstinacy of Emperor William,
the vociferation of his press and above
all the unforeseen vagaries of his will im-
pose upon us in the future extreme pru-
dence, both in words.and in deeds. We
have gone to the utmost limit possible
in making concessions. The tinie seems
to have come to resume dignifled silence.
M. Revoil and Count von Radowitz having
nothing more to propose, all that remains
for them to do js to put the confgrence
in a position to note their disagreement,
since the conference has never been any-
thing but a make believe.

“It is permissible to hope that after a
period of meditation the German people

themselves will eventually be struck by
the danger of a permanent state of disa gree-
ment and will be disposed to exercise
upon their Government salutary pressure
in favor of a poiicy of peace. This hope
appears doubtful, but for the lack of any
better let us cling to it while taking all
necessary precaution.”

In considering the situation which will
arise from the probable failure of the con-
ference it is necessary to keep prominently
in view certain features of Germany's
larger policy. The clue to the chief dan-
gers which threaten is from the greater
Moslem world. Germany is playing in
Morocco, as she has played for ten years
in Constantinople, the réle of European
protector of Islam. Will the threatened
anarchy in Morocco be accompanied by a
general Islamic rising?

That is the question which several great
Powers, especially Great Britain, have to
consider, It is not generally known how
imminent this danger became a few weeks
ago, when the Powers foolishly tried to
coerce the Sultan of Turkey regarding
Macedonian finances. Even throughout
Egypt the ordinary Moslem population
openly boasted that they,expected any day
to receite word from their religious chief
to begin a massaore of all foreigners, The
English Government was 80 seriously
alarmed that a strong fleet was sent to
Alexandria and a special train kept in
readiness day and night at Cairo to send
English residents to the coast in case of
necessity. That crisis was averted, not
by the surrender of the Sultan, as repre-
rented, but by the withdrawal of such
features of the demands as undermined his
sovereignty.

The graver situation for Great Britain and
France which would be created by a Moslem
uprising would doubtless afford Germany
& fine opportunity to profit in the direction
of some of the Kaiser's ambitions. But it
would not be fair to accuse him of the in-
tention to incite such a monstrous crime
against civilization.

The enormous efforts Germany is making
to gain support at Algeciras are evident by
A semi-official despatch from Rome, which
RAYS:

“In official circles there is no conceal-
ment of the painful impression produced
by Germany's uncompromising attitude.
It was firmly hoped at the Foreign Office
that Italy would be able to play the réle
of peacemaker between France and Ger-

many, but it was not long before despatches |
{rorn Marquis di Venosta, the head of the |

Italian mission, destroyed the illusion.
Hesides, the pressure of every kind ex-
ercised by Germany on the Italian Cabinet
to obtain the support of the Italian dele-
gates has created a feeling of uneasiness
Which is readily comprehensible since
Italy's hands are bound by her Mediter-
ranean agreement with Franoe and Great
Britain. Germany's designs on Morocco
two years ago were looked upon as the
i-pirations of pan-Germanism. This was
offically disavowed by the Chancellerie
a! erlin. This increases the apprehen-
tions the Italians entertain regarding the
designs of Austria on Albania, designs
which complete the plan of simultaneous
Germanic intrusion in the Mediterranean,
the Adriatic and the Balkans.

“The present insttuctions to the Italian
delegates are to avoid placing themselves
in such a position as would compel them
forssally to decide between France and
Germany. By putting Italy in this painful
diemma the Berlin Government has shown
even those Italians who are least prej-
diced against the Triple Alliance that that
cuinbination is against their interests as a
Mediterranean power and tends to force
Upon Italy obligations which were in no
‘uy foreseen at the time of the renewal of
the treaty and which are contrary to
her friendly relations with France and
Great Britain.”

ext week, witness

doubtless, will

 
 

declarations on both sides upon the dis-
puted point. Then, if a deadlock results,
there will be efforts to secure mediation
by a neutral power, preferably the United
States, Attempts haye already boon made
in this direction in certain quarters.

ALGEcIRAS, Feb. 24,—Peasimistic reports
are afloat here to-day as to the Morocco
conference, Rumor has it that France
has refused to take part in any further
discussions or explanations until the con-
ference terminates. Several delegates to
the conference who are Ministers of their
respective Governments at Tangier left
here for Tangier to-day, and their departure
gave rise to a report that the proceedings
had been postponed sine die,

The Moorish delegates this morning
presented a scheme for a State bank. Sir
Arthur Nicolson, the British delegate,
proposed that three censors unconnected
with the foreign legations should super-
vise the bank. Mr. Henry White, the
American representative, suggested that
any international difficulties that might
arise should be referred to the Hague tri-
bunal. No resolutions were adopted.

BERLIN, Feb. 24.—-The following official
Statement was made to a representative
of THE Sun this evening:

“The prospects of a satisfactory con-
clusion to the labors of the Moroccan con-
ference has improved, if only for the reason
that France, leaving aside all the Powers,
including America, and their delegates, is
busy seeking a means of reconciling the
point of difference between Germany and
France. Danger to the success. of the
conference will arise only if the impatience
which has been exhibited by tha French
press and by a part of the English press
shall infect any of the Governments con-
cerned, for Germany is convinced that if

+NEW

the Governments have patience everything |

will be smoothed out.

“What is causing this impatience is, in the
main, the inability of the English writer's
to perosive the difference between French
interests in Morocco and Frencb rights in
Moroooo. France has no special rights in
Morooco except along the Algerian fron-
tier, and these Germany is willing and ready
to recognize, respect and secure, In all
the rest of Morocco her rights are identical
with those of the other Powers. It is a
fundamental! mistake to suppose that Ger-
many is insisting upon the mechanical
internationalization of the political, com-
mercial and financial interests of Morocco,
to suppose, for example, that she wants
the cake cut into so many exactly equal
portions with the same number of plums
for distribution to each Power.

“Even in the event of the failure of the
conference Germany will be inspired with
no warlike views, whereas France in that
event will have to face responsibilities in
Morocco which will inevitably suggest
such views in order to defend her subse-
quent actions there.”

The statement concludes by saying that

because, particularly in the bank and police
questions, the number of coefficients to be
taken into account and harmonized is very
large.

 

TO RUN ON RAILROADS,

eeceechee-

President Underwood of the Erle and Party
to Cross Continent In Motor. €ars,

OmaBA, Neb. Feb. 24.—Two massive

automboiles, so constructed that they

AUTOS

 

west over the Union Pacific, en route to
Southern California, whence President
Underwood of the Erie Railroad and a
party of friends will return to New York
city, making the Mtire trip of 3,500 miles
in the autos.

The machines are built for high speed
and are complete in detail, having electric
warmers and other appurtenancea for com-
fort. .

President Underwood is at Pasadena,
Cal., and the party will leave there some
time early in March. The automobiles
will be run as extra trains and will have
telegraphic orders from the dispatchers
along the way.

The party will come over the San Pedro,
Union Pacific and Northwestern roads to
Chicago and thence over the Erie to New
York. There will be no running at night
except where necessary to reach some
city.

 

 

ROBBED IN WAITING ROOM,

ss
Woman Loses #250, Jewelry and Papers
in Grand Central Station,

Mrs. Alice Platt of Bronxville, com-
plained to the police of the Grand Central
| Station yesterday afternoon that she had
| been robbed, She had been in the city
shopping and went fo the station to take
| a train for her home,

{In the waiting room, she says, she placed
| her packages on a bench and with them
was ber handbag containing $250 in cash,
several articles of jewelry and valuable
| papers, :

| She says she only turned arund for a
| moment and when she picked up the parcels
the handbag was gone.

AT 40, PERMANENT FATIGUE,

Prof. Minot of Harvard Gives Sctentific
Men a Little Longer.

Dr. Charles 8. Minot of Harvard told the
Harvey Society at the Academy of Medi-
| cine last night that a man’s “permanent
fatigue” began usually at the age of 40,
though perhaps later in the case of scientific

men.

Old age, Dr. Minot said, began actually
before birth. With a number of stereop-
ticon charts he endeavored to show the
decrease in the power of rowth. Guinéa

igs and rabbits were used as illustrations.
t was shown that the percentage of growth
was greatest in the first month after birth
and steadily decreased from then, In
other words, man ages faster in the first

eor of his birth than ever after, A child
in its first year learns more than it ever
acquires in an after year.

“The things we learn afterward come
harder each year until the time comes when
man can acquire no more and his power of
| originating ceases. His usefulness while

not altogether done is on the wane.
| “We are better able to get an enjoyment
| out of life than any other animal,” said Dr.
| Minot, “but the price we for the power
|

y 7
Tower organisms

life is death,
(one death, but what ‘they lose by this
| so-called earthly immortality is a total lack

culties.”

of tne lower orders of animal life, the doctor
| said, never died except by accident. When
| the time arrived for what might be termed
| their natural death, the organism divided
| in two complete organisms, duplicates of

the original. Dr. Minot is 54 years old,

eee

BLACK DIAMOND EXPRESS TO CHICAGO.

eeper to Chicago In addition to Buffalo
Paton Gar. "Chicago $19. Huffalo $8.50. Lehigh
Valley, 395 and 1234 B'way, N. Y¥.; 826 Fulton St.
B'klyn. Ade.
eS
LORIDA, CUBA & NASSAU,
seein Palm Limited the best to Florida.
Daily, except Sunday, 12:55 P. M. Two other fast
trains dally. Through Sleeping and Dinin Car
service on all trains, New York Oilices, 271 & 1155

B'way.—Ade.

patience is now the great desideratum, |

can run on railroad tracks, 2re now going |
| then took a long, apparently aimless ram- |
ble, that lasted for an hour or so until they |
and |

f:

 

} get in.

| and opened the door.

   

| end of the street near the dock.

—_———_ —______

 

‘TRAILING DYNAMITE BY NIGHT.
“fonthes wha rns wons.

Alleged Plot for the Evening Against a
Post & McCord Bullding Hetrayed at
Police Headquarters Three Prisoners,
With 20 Pounds of Dynamite and Fuses.

Three men who, the police say, had plans
laid to blow up a building Post & McCord
are putting up in East Twenty-third street,
were arrested late last night with several
pounds of dynamite and yards of fuse in
their possession, just about the time that
six detectives from the Central Office who
were watching them came to the conclusion
that serious damage might result from
further delay in making the arrest, The
odd part of the story is that the men were
not very near the building when the arrest
war made.

The three men who were locked up in
Police Headquarters last night said they
were Thomas Weir, 25 years old, of 405
East Twenty-fourth street; Charles Moran,
85 years old, of 62 Ne!son avenue, Jersey
City, and John Guthrie, 25 years old, of
36 Seventh street, Jersey City. All three
said they were iron workers. ‘The House-
smiths and Bridgemen’s Union of iron
workers is on strike on Post & McCord’s
work and considerable damage has beon
done by dynamite already to that firm's
apparatus.

A visitor to Daputy Commissioner Waldo
at Police Headquarters yesterday afternoon
informed him that he knew that a plot had
been formed to blow up a building that the
Post & McCord people were putting up some-
where in East Twenty-third street.

The informant described the three men,
who, he said, he knew were'to do the job, but
he was not sure just where the building

was, The men were to meet at the corner

of Twenty-third street and Third avenue, |

early in the evening and could be traced
easily from that point, Detective Sergeant
Dunn, who was in charge of the bureau,
detailed six detectives, McMullen, Barnett,
Jackson, Standler, Green and Sheehan,
to get the men, and sent out some other
detectives to be in the neighborhood,

The detectives were told to let the men
go just as far as possible toward incrim-

inating themselves but not to let ther set |
past 8 |

off any dynamite. About half
o'clock the detectivés who were hanging
about Twenty-third street and Third avenue
saw the three men meet in front of a drug
store on the northeast corner of Twenty-
third street and Third avenue, The three
men walked up to Twenty-fourth street
and then turned east, They walked slowly
along until they got to the house where
Weir lives. Moran and Guthrie waited
outside while’ Weir went in. He came out
a moment later with a satchel. The men
kept right on to the end of the street near
the river.

There is a pile of building sand at tho
The three
men paused here and the detectives saw
them open the satchel, The packages were
taken out and efter a short examination
one was put back and the satchel was
buried in the sand. Moran took the other
package and fut it under his coat. The
three travelled slowly back to Second
avenue and Twenty-fourth street and

stopped at  Twenty-second — street
Second avenue. There is a house at 306
Second avenue which is between 'Twenty-
second and Twenty-third street. Moran

passed the fundle under his coat to Guthrie, |

and then crossed the avenue to the east
side of the street. x

He tried the door of 396, but could not
He stood aside in the shadow and
Two women came along
Moran sprang for-
ward as soon as they had got into the house
and held the door partly open, After
giving them time to get
apartment in which they live, he went in
and pulled the door shut after him. When
Detective Jackson tried to get in the door
was locked,

For nearly half an hour nothing was seen
of Moran. It was then half past 10 o'clock.

waited a while.

The police say that he went through the |

huilding to the rear and made%a reconnois-
sance of the building at 394 and 396 East
Twenty-third street, which Post & McCord
are building.

This building is so far from finished that
only three stories have the structural iron-
work completed and there is brick only
about the foundatians.
side of the street, 100 feet east of Second
avenue, and easily reachable from the back-
yard of the house on Second avenue which
Moran entered.

On the east side of the building is a six
story factory and on the west side is a
lodging house which holds 300 persons
every night. Almost directly in front is
the downtown station of the Second avenue
elevated road,at Twenty-third street, It
is because of the nearness of this station
and the consequent greater danger of en
trance from the front, the police ray, that
it was decided by the three to try to get to
the building from Second avenue,

Whether this was the plan or not the police

did not have mu further chance to dis- |

cover. They decided not to let things
go any longer. It was just a little after
11 o'clock when Moran appeared at the
door of 302 Second avenue and made signs
to his friends across the street. Detective
Jackson started for Moran and _ the latter
seeing him coming drew a_ blackjack
Jackson had a hard time with Moran, who
is big and powerful, and things were going
badly for him when McMullen and Green
broke in and the three overpowered Jack-
son.
Guthife and Weir as they were coming across
the street.

Guthrie had ten, pounds of dynamite
and a piece of fuse about fifteen yards long.
Moran had his blackjack, but nothing was
found on Weir.

The detectives dug up the satchel in the
sand pile, Init wasa package often pounds
of dynamite and a fifteen yard piece of fuse,
just the same layout that Guthrie had.
Some months ago an attempt was made
during the daytims to blow up the Twenty-
third street building, and the man who
tried to do the act was arrested,

Tho police say that Weir and Moran are
important men in the Ironworkers' Union
and that Weir is a sort of business agent,
The charge against Moran and the only

one on which he could be held was that
of carrying a concealed weapon, Guthrie
was held for having explosives in his pos-
session without a permit, and Weir as a
suspicious person,

 

“The Second Eniptre" of the New York Central
is a fast dally train leaving New York at 1:02 P. M.,
arriving Huifalo 10:20 P, M., stopping at Albany,
Utica, Syracuse, Hochester, Batavia.—Ado,

A

~

FEBRUARY

upstatrs to the |

jt is on the south |

The other three detectives nabbed |

x
25,

UNOT A CANDIDATE, SAYS TAFT,

a Declares Talk of Him for President

Is Preposterous,

Sr, Louis, Mo,, Feb, 24.
William H. Taft, the guest
the annual banquet of the Western Federa-

| Secretary of War
'
| tion of Yale Clubs, at Hotel Jefferson, de-
|
|

of honor at

clared in an interview that he was not

now and would not be a candidate for Presi-

dent.

When reference was made to the frequent
| mention of his name gs President Roose-
velt's successor, the Secretary smiled and
said:

“IT am not responsible for the foolish
notions of my friends. The idea is pre-
posterous. I am only considering the
matter jocularly, in no sense seriously.”

Secretary Taft does not agree with the
expressed views of military authorities that
the United States is apt to have war with
China. “The Boxer movement may be
repeated,” said he,“but the Government of
China has much better control over the
masses than it had a few years ago. I do
not look for a serious uprising in China.
The United States will be prepared to act
if the emergency arises.”

’The head of the War Department had just
finished an hour's conference with Brig.-Gen.
J. Franklin Bell, commander of Fort Leaven-
worth, who on April 14 becomes a Major-
General and Chief of Staff of the Army,

Secretary Taft admitted Gen, Bell had been
summoned from Fort Leavenworth to meet
himin St, Rouis, but said they had conferred
strictly on departmental matters which
he was not at liberty to discuss.

BORDAY, RAILROAD MAN, LOST,
Said He Was Coming to New York toGeta

Detective Sergeant Quinn was detailed
yesterday from the Detective Bureau to
look up Fred Clifford Borday, said to have
been a minor official of the Ontario and
| Western railway, who left his home in Sud-
| bury, Ontario, on the line of the Canadian
Pacific Railway, on January 20 and who
has not since been heard from, The infor-
mation of the disappearance of the man
came from John Mulholland, the house de-
tective at the Fifth Avenue Hotel, who
was told about the case by Borday's wife.

The man who has slipped out of sight
was employed in 1893 as a train despatcher
in a small town along the line of the Ontario
and Western, according to Mulholland. In
that year there was a bad wreck near the
place and Borday was instrumental in sav-
| ing the life of a Mrs. James. After the
| happening he advanced rapidly and itws
| Supposed retired from railroading and
| went to live in Sudbury.
|
|
|

| Legacy of $180,000,
'
!

 

Mulholland says that Jast month Borday
| received a letter from a firm of lawyers in
Kansas City saying that Mrs. Janes had
died in New York city and had left Borday
#180,000. On January 20 Borday left home,
telling his wife to send any lettera to him
at the Fifth Avenue Hotel. Ho did not
reach the hotel and several letters that came
there for him were returned to Sudbury after
January 26. Mrs. Borday then wrote to the
hotel, telling the story and asking that the
police be put on tho task of finding her hus-
band.

Detective Sergeant Quinn searched yes-
| terday the Surrogates’ office in this county
for the record of a will of Mrs. James leay-
ing a sum of money to any man named Bor-
day, but could not find one of recent date.
| He will try the other counties to-morrow
| and try to get a trace of the manin that
| way.

ROBBERY BLAMED FOR FAILURE,

|

 

 

Heathcott, Who Lost Jewels in Bridge Car,
Tries to Settle With Creditors.

After a reported loss of jewelry worth
| $10,000 on a Brooklyn Bridge car a little
morg than a week ago, KE. C. Heathcote
of 13 Maiden lane is now being pressed by
creditors. He offered yesterday te settle
| with them at 15 cents on the dollar in cash
| or 30 cents on time. This offer was made
at a meeting held in the office of his at-
torney, Samuel Campbell.

The jeweller told his creditors that the
jewelry stolen from him had been under-
valued in the reports given out for publi-
cation on the advice of detectives, who

hoped that the person who took the jewelry
|
{

would be more tempted by the $1,000 re-
ward. Heathcote told reporters that the
jewelry was worth $5,000, when ths real
value, he says, was $10,900 to $12,000. His
! total debts are less than the value of the
missing property.

The creditors seemed unwilling to accept
the settlement that was offered. They

| appointed a committee, who will try to get
better terms. The committee comprises
representatives of the largeat creditors,
David Mayer, J. C. Rausch and D. C, Town-
send & Co.

The police have not traced the missing
property. It was at first supposed that
the jewelry was taken by a couplo of thie ves
who got up a fight in the crowded car ih
order to rob the jeweller. In protecting
his wife he dropped the package in his seat
and when he turned to look for it again
it was. gone. He had intended to take

| his stock and books to his home, 412 East
| Fourteenth strect, Flatbush, for the pur-
pose of checki g his accounts.

TO FIGHT OHIO RATE LAW.

Conference of Officials of Lines Crossing
That State Held in Philadelphia.

PHILADELPHIA, Feb 24 —Officials repre-
senting all of the lines which traverse the
State of Ohio came to this city to-day and
held a three hour conference in the Penn-
sylvania Railroad offices for the purpose
of determining upon 4 plan for united op-
position to the new two cents a mile law.

The leading counsel of the various rail-
| roads, as well as John G. Johnson of this
city, and a number of other lawyers who
are authorities upon corporation law,
were at the conference. s

Great secrecy was maintained, and aside
from the statement that the Ohio mileage
er was the subject discussed, little was
said,
| It was learned, however, that the law,

which goes into effect March 10, will be
z contested in the courts. The

 

 

 

general belief is that the railroads intend
to fight not alone the Ohio law, but all
other rate legislation adopted or pending
in the various States, 3

President Cassett spent more than an
hour in the conference, and he afterwards
held several consultations with John G,
Johnson.

SEABOARD FLORIDA LTD. QUICKEST
Florida train, Lvs. N. Y, 12:25

Augustine 210 P. M. Office

and handsomest
noon; arrives dt.
liss B'way.~ ide.

ARIZONA, CALIFORNIA & MEXICO.
The Sunset Route via Washington.
Southern Haliway. A. & W. P., W. of Ala., L. & N.
Annex Pullman DS Nine coor ace

 

 

Sunset
Car. Leave New York Daily at 4:25
York Offices, 271 & 118 B'way.—Ade.

1906 .—Copuright, 1900, by The Sun P

Thence

ing
ew

  

 

 

VANDERBILT FOUGHT OFF MOB

DREW REVOLVER ON ITALIANS
AFTER AUTO ACCIDENT.
Held ‘on Ball for Running Down Boy at
Pontedcra—Mrs. Vanderbilt Forced to
Meck Refuge in a Tobacconist’s Shop
~-Boy Really to Blame for the Accident,

 

Special Cable Despatch (o THR SUN.

Rome, Feb. 24.—-William K. Vanderbilt,
Jr., who accidentally ran down and slightly
injured a small boy at Pontedera while
motoring to Florence with Mra. Vanderbilt
and was arrested by an officer of carbineers
after a threatening demonstration by a
mob, was released on bail through the in-
tervention of the American Consul. A
telephone message from Florence to THE
SUN correspondent conveyed the news of
Mr. Vanderbilt's release and further de-
tails of the accident.

The first reports of the attack by a mob
upon Mr. and Mrs, Vanderbilt appear to
have been exaggerated, although both were
struck and slightly injured by missiles, and
Mrs. Vanderbilt fainted from fright.

The Vanderbilts were on their way to

leanleten ae and just entering the town of

Pontedera, at the confluence of the Era

and Arno rivers, when a five-year-old boy

named Adolfo Buttini attempted to run
across the street in front of the automobile.

The machine was not going fast, but the boy

misjudged ita speed, stopped suddenly, be-

came confused and was knocked down and
thrown to one side,

The @river of Mr. Vanderbilt's machine
stopped and Mr. and Mrs. Vancerbilt
jumped out and went to the boy's ussist-
ance. Townsmen who saw the accident
spread a report that the boy had been
killed. Angry people surrounded Mr. and
Mrs, Vanderbilt. They shouted threats at
the Vanderbilts, who got back into the car,

The crowd became so dense that it was
impossible to drive the machine ahead.

t
{
Sticks and stones were thrown and some
|

|

hotheads advanced upon the automobile.
Mrs. Vanderbilt became alarmed and at
further demonstrations from the mob she
fainted. Mr. Vanderbilt, believing the
lives of the party were in danger and fear-
ing the mob would resort to greater vio-
lence, drew a revolver and waved it in the
air, hoping the sight of it would be a hint
to the mob. It had the contrary effect.
The automobile was engulfed instantly by
a crowd of angry Pontederans, who seized
Mr. \ nderbilt and his driver, hustled them
out ci the car and attacked them with
fists. Mrs, Vanderbilt managed to escape
to the shelter of a tobacconist's, a Signor
Montalli Signor Montalli is a relative
of the injured boy.

The arrival of an officer of carbineers at
the head of a half dozen men resulted in
Mr. Vanderbilt .and his driver getting to
the tobacconist’s and joining Mrs. Vander-
bilt. Mr. Vanderbilt was not seriously in-
jured by the rough usage he received, but
the driver, it is stated, was badly hurt from
kicks and blows.

The coming of the constabulary did not
put an end to the demonstration immedi-
ately. The mob surrounded the tobac-
conist’s shop, shouting for vengeance and
trying to force the door. The carbineers
were reenforeed and the mob dispersed
| before further trouble ocotirred.

Excitement was considerably allayed
by news of the injured boy's con<lition,
It was found that he had been knocked
unconscious and had sulered  bruisos
about the head.

Mrs. Vanderbilt went to a hotel in Ponte-
dera after the excitenent was over and
receive. courteous treatment. An officer
of carbineers escorted Mr. Vanderbilt,
under arrest, to tha military barraccs.
Mr. Vanderbilt immediately secured a
lawyer, who applied to the American con-
sular authofities for his chent's provisional
release. After a short investigation the
American Consul was able to secure Mr.
Vanderbilt's release on bail.

If the boy does not die and is not per-
| manently injured, Mr. Vanderbilt is liable,
| it is stated, to three months imprisonment

and $200 fine. Reports of the accident

which were brought to Florence and cum-
municated to THE Sun correspondent at

Rome stated that the running down of the

child was purely an accident and the fault
E the boy himself. Tuscans have never
|
!

 

been inimical to automobiles and the ac-
cident is greatly regretted.

BUMPED CAMPANIA,

COMBER

 

Passenger Catapulted Over a Table in the
Smoking Room.

The Cunarder Campania, in yesterday
from Liverpool and Queenstown, ran into
dirty weather on the last two days of her

| trip. A lofty comber pounced on her
| from the port side on Friday afternoon,
and she heeled heavily. The invasion was
unexpected, and a dozen men who were
serenely playing cards in the smoking room
were unprepared for a shakeup. Charles
Herendeen, Frederick H. Wickett, James
; Green and Frank L. Lavanburg were all
| Jarred, but not hurt enough to require
medical attention. Green was catapulted
across a table and Lavanburg was hurled
backward from his chair, striking on his
head. The others were just bumped.
| Second Officer Stafford and Able Seaman

Brown, who were on the outer deck, were
knocked down by the wave, and John Kane
nock, a pantryman, was hurt by dishes
that tumbled on him. The comber did no
| damage to the ship.
Detective Sergeant William F. Sullivan
| of the Central Office was a cabin passenger
by the Campania with a prisoner, Alphonse
Lissner, who was not known to the other pas-
| sengers as a returning fugitive. He was
| accompanied by his wife, with whom he
| sailed from this city about six weeks ago.
| He was bookkeeper for Maurice Kind, a
| manufacturer of paints with an office at 18
| Broadway. Lissner is accused of having
| obtained $6,000 on notes purporting to
have been signed by Kind. Lissner says
he is innocent. He was locked up at Police
Headquarters.
COL, HENDERSON VERY LOW.

 

 

| Physicians Say Ex-Speaker May Die at

Any Moment,

Dubsugur, la., Feb. 24.—Ex-Speaker
| Henderson's physiflan to-night issued a
) bulletin aaying that Mr. Henderson cannot
| live many hours, and that death may come
| at any moment.

Expressions of sympathy from all parts
of the country are coining to Mrs. Hender-
son and her daughter.

Latest Marine Intelligence.
Anitved: Ss Victorlan. Liverpool, Feb. 16;
New York, Southainpton, Peb, 17,

ASHVILLE, HOT SPRINGS, TRYON,
MT, TOXAWAY

 

ss

In “The Land of the Sky" and Sapphire Coun ae
view en roule

charming resorts to stop over an
to and from Florida, New York Offices, 271 & 1185
B'way.—Adp.

THIRTY-SIX PAGES,

b= SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1906.
Showers to-day; fair and colder to-morrow.

 

a CD

PRICE FIVE CENTS.

 
   
   

 

 

| ROOSEVELT THANKS CUBA.

Responds to the ‘Touching and Generous
| Memento” of His Daughter’s Wedding.
| Spectal Cable Despatch to Tux SUN.
| Havana, Feb, 24,—The following letter
President Roosevelt to President
‘ Palma, under date of February 19, has been
made public:

“My Drear PRESIDENT PauMa: I desire
to thank you and through you the Cuban
Congress for' its touching and generous
memento of the marriage of my daughter.
Beautiful as was the gift, the sentiment
which prompted and caused it was still
more beautiful and more to be valued,

“Neither yourself, Mr, President, nor any
other citizen of Cuba can rejoice more than
Iatthe marvellous progress and prosperity
of the Pear] of the Antilles since it took its
place among the independent nations
of the world, The Cuban republic has
maintained peaceful relations abroad and
order at home, It has shown a most gen-
erous spirit toward its soldiers who fought
for its independence, It has provided
ample means for education, It has oon-
structed public works, and under these
conditiong has naturally seen its great
natural wealth develop and its people pro-
gress by leaps and bounds,

“T congratulate you with all my heart, and
thanking you and them, and desiring all
possible blessings in the future for you
and thom, believe me sincerely your friend
and admirer of youf country,

“THEODORE ROOSEVELT.”

MCCURDY PREPARING TO FLIT.

Preparations Being Made at Morristown
for His Departure to Europe.

Mornistrown, N. J., Feb. 24.—Arrange-
ments are being completed for the de-
parture of Mr. and Mrs. Richard A. McCurdy
and Mr. and Mrs. Louis A. Thébaud for
Europe. All the silverware and valuables
in the palatial homes of the two former
insurance officers were taken to the safe
deposit vaults in the Morris County Savings
Institution to-day and stored away.

Caretakers have been employed and are
receiving instructions for the care of the
grounds and residences. What will be
done with Mr. McCurdy’s livery is not
settled yet, but it is thought he will leave
the horses in charge of local liverymen.
Both Mr. and Mrs. McCurdy are apparently
joyful over the proposed trip and have
driven about town considerable in the last
few days.

LIE NEARLY COST FOUR LIVES.

Woman Confesses That She, and Not “a
Negro,” Cut Her Throat.

Atuanta, Ga., Feb. 24.—Mrs. Nina May
Dupree, the young woman whose throat
was cut several weeks ago and who told a
harrowing story of how she was assaulted
by a negro, has confessed that her wounds
were self-inflicted and that the story she
related of a negro having knocked her
down and cut her throat was without foun-
dation.

Mrs. Dupree was found in the dining
room of her home with her throat cut and
near death. When she became conscious
she said she had been assaulted by a negro.
Hue and cry was raised and four negroes
narrowly escaped lynching.

After a few days Mrs. Dupree went to
the home of her mother in Alabama. The
mother in a letter says that her daughter
is miserable and has confessed that, having
been angered by her husband, she cut her
throat in his absence and then told the
negro story, as she was afraid to admit
she had attempted suicide.

Mrs. Dupree is a handsome young woman
and has been married only six months.

FLYING VISIT TO HOBOKEN.
Carrter Pigeon From Ohlo Hesitates Before
Crossing the Nerth River.

A carrier pigeon bearing the tag 178,564
and a note on its leg flew into the dining-
room of the American Hotel, in River street,
Hoboken, on Friday night, and circled
around the heads of the diners. A hungry
man caught it, and read the following:

This bird is flying from Columbus, Ohio, to
New York city. This is on a wager of many
hundreds of dollars on the time it will take
to make the trip. If the bird is exhausted,
allow it to rest and then set it loose. A small
fortune depends on the result.

FREDERICK BOSWORTH,

123 East Main Street, Columbus, Ohio.

The pigeon made a beeline for New York
when it was released,

DRESSMAKER SUES E. C. POTTER.

| Parisian Seeks to Recover $3 608 for Mrs.
Potter's Gowns.

An action to recover $3,609 for dresses
'and other raiment supplied to his wife,
Emily Havemeyer Potter, has been begun
‘in the Supreme Court against Edward C.
Potter, the banker, by Blanche Diemert
and Marie Zimmermann, who compose the
| firm of Jeanne Halle, Diemert et Cie of Paris.
| The gowns were supplied, it is alleged,
} between June, 1902, and October, 1904, while
Mrs. Potter was in Paris. The bill was aont
/to Mr. Potter, but he declined to pay it
and alleges that he has a good defence to
lthe action. What the nature of his de-
fence is does not appear, as he has not yet
put in an answer.

FAGAN STARTS NEW PARTY.
Organization tn Jersey City to Follow
Colby’s Movement to Reform the State.

Mark M. Fagan, Jersey City's reform
| Mayor, announced yesterday that a new
political organization will be formed in
! Hudson county for the purpose of nominat-
: ing at the fall primaries delegates who will
| be pledged to the selection of candidates
representing principles [demanded by the
people. q :

*This,” explained the Mayor, “is a part
of the general State movement now being
organized by Senator Colby, designed to
free the State from control by the corpora-
| tions and the political bosses, The wa
| for the people to fight the boss is to nomi-
nate the party candidates themselves, and
this they oan do at the open primaries in
Repiam ber.” hae

he new party will likely be called the

Hudson County Equal Tax Committee.

JULIA MARLOWE HURT,

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Ankle Turns and she is Unable to Appear
on the Stage.

|
{
}
|
1
|
| PittTsBuRG, Feb. 24.—Julia Marlowe, the
actress, was painfully injured last evening
| while returning from a visit to a friend.
| She was about to step into her carriage
when her ankle turned. She was taken
to the Fort Pitt Hotel, where the house
hysician found the ankle badly ewollen.
e gave orders for Miss Marlowe to re
in bed.
Her characters were taken by Miss Alice
Harrington
Dr. McClelland believes Miss Marlowe
wi be able to resume her work on Monday
night.

 

DEWEY'S WINES AND GRAPS JUICE
Comply. with the F Laws

H.T. Dewey & Sons Co,, 188 Fulton et., New York,
=, ev,

| ments.

 

THEY BLAME THE PRESIDENT,

FATE OF RATE BILL MORE UN-
CERTAIN THAN EVER.

 

 

Democrats in Command in the senate
and Republican Party Lines Broken
—Senator Tiliman’' Has Become
Persona Grata at the White House,

WasHinaton, Feb. 24.--Confusion that
makes the outcome more uncertain than
before surrounds the situation in the Senate
over the Railway Rate bill. The action of
the Committee on Interstate Commerce in
ordering the House bill reported without
change, but leaving everybody free to
offer amendments, and in selecting Mr.

Tillman, a radical Democrat, to lead the

fight for this Administration measure, has
served to produce chaotic conditions that
haveseldomifever been paralleled in either
house of Congress Kepublicans are critie
cising Republicans; predictions are being
made that the bill will be passed without
amendment, that it will be heavily amended,
and that it will not be passed at all, Tha
President is being blamed’ for the present
situation by some of those who were his
strongest personaland political supportersy
and if half what is being said is true party
lines have been knocked galley weat.

Whatever complacency exists is confined
solely to the Democratic Senators. They
are more than pleased ovor the selection
of Senator Tillman to take charg» of (19
bill on the floor. They maintain that tils
selection was proper, becaus? the measures
aooording to their contention, was non-
partisan, and as a Republican had led the
forces that carried it through the House, it
was right and proper that a Democrat should
father it in the Senate. But they are also
saying that the railway rate propaganda
was started by the Democrats before Presi-
dent Roosevelt gave it impetus by his ine
dorsement, and a proper courtesy demands
that the Democratic party have a share in
the expected victory of the Administration.

There is even a prospect that the Presi-
dent and Senator Tillman, who haven't
seen anything of each other since the Presi-
dent withdrew the invitation ho had sent to
Mr. Tillman to attend a White House dine
ner, will be brought together again. Mr.
Tillman, as the leading exponent on the
floor of the Senate of the President's rate
policy, may find it necessary to consult Mr.
Roosevelt while the figat over the bill is on.
It is known that the President will be ready
to see Mr. Tillman if the South Carolina
Senator should call at the White House.
Mr. Tillman, however, has not committed
himself on this subject. He was somewhat
careful to-day in answering a suggestion
that his new relation toward rate legislation
would lead to frequent interviews with the
President.

“The President’s views are well under
stood,” he said. “He has expressed him-
eelf very fully in his messages and in in-
terviews. The newspapers have not spared
any opportunity to announce what they sup-
pose have been his views on this subject.
Therefore there is no further need for any=
body to get his views, and he has been
very free to communicate his views to Con-
gress whenever he has seen fit to do so.”

It is claimed on behalf of the Republican
members of the Committee on Interstate
Commerce who voted yesterday to placa
Mr. Tillman in charge of the bill that howe
ever their action might be construed, they
had been actuated by a beliefina great
principle that was above party. This
principle was the protection of property
rights through the medium of the courts,
Had an amendment been adopted by tha
committee permitting the courts to review
the rate fixing findings of the Interstate
Commeroe Commission no trouble would
have been experienced in securing support
for the measure from Republican Senators,
who have been willing to swallow many of
the objectionable features of the bill in ex-
change for the insertion of this court review
provision.

President Roosevelt came in to-day for
a great deal of criticism at the hands of
party adherents in the Senate for his atti~
tude in the rate legislation controversy.
One ground of complaint was that his fail-
ure to assist in bringing about an agree-
ment among the Republican Senators on
the judicial review provision had resulted
in giving the Democrats the upper hand
and permitting them to secure credit that
would otherwise have come to the Repub-
lican party. It was asserted also that
the lack of unity which now prevails among
the Republican Senators wil! bring disaster
to several administration measures, notably
the Santo Domingo treaty and the Philip-
pine tariff bill. The Senate was described
as now composed of half a dozen discordant
elements, with no leader available capable
of bringing them together for the purpose
of standing by the party.

On the other hand, the Democratio leaders
in the Senate and several! Republican Sen-
ators maintain that the rate bill has been
greatly strengthened by the action of the
Interstate Commerce Committee. The Dem-
ocrats, with two or three exceptions;
will, it is said, vote solidly in favor of pags-
ing the House bill without change if it
should become apparent that an effort
was being made to load it down with amend-
There are thirty-three Democrats

_in the Senate, and it would take twelve

Republican votes to aid these
the bill.

in passing
It is confidently predicted by the

| radical! Republicans that there will surely

be enough votes on their side of the chamber
to give the required strength to the Demo-
crats.

Senator Tillman wasn't very well to-
day and he did not leavehis hotel. He said
that he would report the rate bill to the
Senate on Monday, but whether the report
would be oral or written he had not deter-
mined. All he did know, he said, was that
it would be brief, In spite of a prediction
made by Senator Dolliver, after a visit
to the White House this morning, that the
bill would be passed just as it cam> fron
the House, Mr. Tillman is not satisfied
with it and intends to offer amendments,
to which atrength will be given by the
fact that he will be the representative
of the Interstate Commerce Committee
on the Senate floor, He explained to-day
that there were two very essential amend-
ments necessary to perfect the measure,
One of these would embody a prohibi-
tion of the ownership and control by corms

 

FLORIDA'S FAMOUS TRAINS,
. ¥. @ Fie. Special,” 2:10 P. M., “Pin, & West [n+
dian L4d.,” 0:25 A. M. Unexcelled service, via Peas
& Ablanile Coast Line, 1163 b'way, N.Y. Ace

ease

   

 

pn

em a ie

eee

a rea natn a

eS

eo