Roe en etm

VOL, LXXVL--NO.. 113,

ae

REFORMS INTHE NAVY BEGUN

 

 

 

 

and outlined the general features of the
vessels the board of construction will
begin working out the detailed plans

\EWBERRY ENLARGES BOARD | ‘°F the new ships. When completed these

OF CONSTRUCTION

 

And Hereafter Criticisms of Warship
Congtractiéc Wen't Be Passed On by
Authors of Alleged Defeets—Bureau
of 6team Engineering Passes @ut.

WasSHINaTON, Dec. 21.—The first real
step in the direction of effecting reforme
in the administration ‘of the Navy De-
partment has been taken by Truman H.
Newberry, the new Secretary. Mr. New-
berry bas been at the head of the naval
administration for three weeks only,
but hé has managed in that time, with
the aid of the knowledge and experience
geined by him as Assistant Secretary,
to arrange for putting into practice a
somewhat comprehensive scheme of de-
partment reorganization without under-
going the delays and dangers of legisla-
tion. The legislation will come later.
For the present such reforms as can be
adopted #ithout the aid of Congress will
be undertaken. What has been initiated
hy Secretary Newberry apparently is
the beginning of the changes in the
bureau system and department adminis-
tration generally for which many officers
and some outsiders have been con-
tending. 7

Mr. Newberry’s plan contemplates
increases in the membership of the General
Board and the board of construction
of the navy and greater cooperation
between these boards. He has amended
the navy regulations so as to redistribute
the work of battleship designing in such
a way as to avoid the archaio and un-
businesdlike methods which have pre-
vailed in the past. One result of his re-
organization plan is that criticisms of
structural features of battleship design
will not be referred to the same board
or bureau Which was responsible for the
alleged defects. This change is a con-
cession to the critios of the bureau ad-
ministration of the Department, who
have contended that becausa of this
practice it was almost impossible to in-
duce a board or bureau to admit that any
defect existed. . .

In addition to this ‘it .is evident from
what became known in an unofficial way
to-day that the bureau of steam engi-
neering has actually although not nomi-
nally passed out of existence as a sepa-
rate and independent bureau. The office
of chief of this bureau is vacant and there
ie good reason to believe that it will not
be filled, leaving the way open to the
practical acooriplishment of something
for which several Secretaries of the Navy
have contended, the amaiganiation of

the bureau ,of steam engineering with

the bureau .of construction and ‘repair
» unde?.one head — 4

The increase in the membership of the
board of construction and the personnel
of the new: boatd was announced at the
Navy Department to-day as follows:
Rear Admiral George A. Converse, re-
tired, president; Rear Admiral Newton E.
Mason, Rear Admiral William 8. Cowles,
retired; Chief Constructor Washington
1. Capps, Rear Admiral T. C. McLean,
Capt. William W..Kimbali, Capt Sidney
A Staunten and Capt. I. 8, K. Reeves.

The old. board of construction was
dissolved and its membership increased
from five to eight. All the members of
the former board, with the exception
of Rear Admiral John K. Baftdn, retired,
former Engineer in Chief cf the Navy,
are also members of the reorganized
board. Rear Admiral Converse has been
president for the last several years. Rear
Admiral Mason is chief of the bureau of
ordnance, Rear Admiral Cowles is chief
of the bureau of equipment and Chief
Constructor Capps is chief of. the’ bureau
of construction and repair. The bu-
reau of steant enginéering, which was
represented on the former board, has no
membet on thd new board.

The new mbmnbers of the board on
construction aré Rear Admiral McLean,
who is president of the board of inspec-
tion and survey, which has charge
the trials of unaccepted vessels; Se
Reeves, who is a ber of the board;
Capt. Kimball. whois a member of the
naval examining and retiring boards
and also an expert on torpedoes, and
Capt. Staunton, who is a member of the
General Board. Through the new ar-
rangement the enlarged board will not
be composed of bureau chiefe alone,
but will include in its mem p line
officers whose duties keep them in active
touch with ships at sea.

In addition to increasing the board
of construction Mr. Newberry also has
amended the navy regulations so that the
work of the board will be enlarged to a
considerable degree, He changed the
Provision which limited the board to
designing and equipping new vessels,
so that hereafter the board shall perform
any duties assigned to it by the Secretary
of the Navy.

Greater cooperation between the two
boards is provided in Mr. Newberry’s
olan of reorganization by assigning mem-~-
ers to duty on both boards. In its re-
organized form the beard of construc-
‘lon has ameng its members not only
‘epresentatives of the technica! bureaus
hut also a member of the Genera) Board
and two members of the board of in-
spection and survey. The experience
‘! the members of the board of inspec-
‘lon and survey in testing the various
ypes of vessels in service is especially
‘aluable to the members of the board
‘f construction, who are engaged in the
‘ork of designing new vessels.

Mr Newberry’s reorganization con-
leniplates also the development of the
“eneral Board of the navy into a larger
and tore experienced body, which will
be thoroughly representative of every
branch of the service and which approxi-
‘ates as far as is possible without legisla-
‘lon a general staff similar to the General
“taf of the army. This General Board
when fully developed in accordance with
Mr. Newberry's ideas will be an advisory
hody to the Secretary of the Navy in prac-
ically all mattére in which he requires
echnical or experienced advice. It will
iscllss questions of personnel, questions
relating to the movement and distribu-

1 of vessels and also will consider ques-

‘> relating to the general military
‘aur of future vessels. Its recom-

idstion will be sent to the Secretary
© the Navy for his approval

Atter Cdngress has provided the money

 

 

plans will again b> considered by the
General Board, whose report will go to |
the of the Navy, and then to the
Président for final approval before actual
construction is j ¥

Mr, Newberry not taken up the
question of assigning“new members to
the Genera! Board,.but probably will do
6o within the next few weeks. At present }
it consists of seven members, which

 

Wit,

ae

~

GRAFT SWEEP IN PITTSBURG

SEVEN COUNCILMEN AND TWO
BANKERS ARRESTED.

 

led Charges by Civic League, Headed
by Mayer Guthrie. Against Finance
Cemmitteemen ef Censpiracy and
bribery m Their Ordinance Work.

Pirrapuna, Dec, 21,—Seven members

he believes is too small a membership for | Of the finance committee of the city coun-

the important work imposed upon it.
The only step in the reorgantmation of tho
Generel Board has been the assignment
of Capt. Abraliam E. Oulver, who for the
Jast year has been Mr. Newberry’s aid
and one of his advisers in technica! sub-
jects.

Mr. Newberry believes that much good
can be accomplished without fegialation,
but it is probable béfore the reorganiza-
tion is completed that the President will
transmit to Congress a recommendation
that several bureaus of the Department
be merged. This action was hinted at
to-day, when it was made known infor-
mally that for the present, if at all, no ap-
pointment will be made to the office of
chief of the bureau of steam engineer-
ing to succeed Rear Admiral John K.
Barton, who was retired several days ago
on account of ill health. @ post will
be left vacant, it was explained, because
its merger into another bureau can be
accomplished more easily in case such
action is regarded as advisabie. The
bureaus of steam engineering, construc-
tion and repair and equipment all have
to do with the building add equipment
of vessels and several Secretaries of the
Navy have urged that they be merged
into one bureau under a chief construo-
tor, This phase of the reorganization of
the Department, however, probably will
be left to the Secretary of the Navy in
Mr. Taft's Cabinet.

MRS. CHADBOURNE PAYS UP.

Gives Gevernment $82,000 More and
: Gets Her Property Through.

Curcaco, Dec. 21.—By paying into
court $82,411 in addition to the $70,409.18
she has already paid the Government Mrs.
Emily Crane Chadbourne this morning
obtained poasession of the oil paintings,
tapestry and brio-A-brac which the Gov-
ernment seized last July, when Mrs. Chad-
boutne imported the goods from England.
No attempt to fight the case of the Gov-
ernment was made by Mrs. Chadbourne,
who confessed judgment through her at-
torney.
. The confession of judgment was made
before Judge Landis. a certified check
on the First National Bank for $82,411 was
deposited with the Court and an order
was entered by Judge Landis directing the
United Marehai to turn over the
property to Mrs. Chadbourne.

The Government now has obtained
$152,820.18 from Mrs. Chadbourne and
she has .an‘ order of court: to take the
property and do with it as she seca fit. It
is believed she wi i Oo Mrs.
Jack Gardner of Bostoh, WBom it

Mrs, Chadbourne still has the right
to contest the claims of the Government
in the eourts, but the etepa faken to-day
are believed to indicate that the incident
is closed. .

POISON IN CHRISTMAS CANDY.

Dealers Whe Sell It te Children Mum as
te Whe Makes It,

That poisonous Christmas candies are
being sold, particularly to East Side
children, was indicated yesterday at thie
trial in the Geurt of. Special Seasions of
Andrew Casella, owner of a candy store
at Fifth avenue and 110th street. He was
convicted of selling red peach etone candy
that contained sulphurous acid end coal
tar dye.

Charles O'Connor, a Health Department
inspector, said he had bought some of the
candies from Casella and an analysis
showed they were poisonous.

Herman Stiefel, Assistant Corporation
Counsel, said that these cantlies were sold
in large quantities but that so far the

f t of Health had been unable
to find the manufacturer. Smal! dealers
when arrested refuse to tell where they
get their supplies.

Casella was no exception. He pleaded
guilty and refused to make a’ statement.
He was fined $25,

AGAIN BYRON D. CHANDLER.

Now It Appeare That He Has Married
Grace La Rue, an Actress, in Chicage.

Curcaao, Dec. 24:—Miss Grace La Rue,
leading lady of Sam Bernard's “Nearly
a Hero” company, now playing at the
Garrick Theatre, has been married to
Byron Daniel Chandler of New York,
member of @ wealthy family of Manches-
ter, N.H. His father was president of the
Amoskeag National Bank, the strongest
financia) institution in New Hampshire.

In.1902 he married Mies Grace Estelle
Stecher, an actress, from whom he was
separated. Last August he was reported
as killed in an automobile wreck in France.
He was sued for $100,000 for breach ‘of
promise of marriage by Joan Sawyer, also
an actress, who a few weeks ago with-
drew the suit.

The announcement that Miss La Rue and
Mr. Chandler are married was made to-
day by Paul Gore, clerk of the Audi-
torium Annex, @ close friend'of the couple.
Suite 1748 was assigned to Mr. Chandler
and Miss La Rue and both names were
written on the register. The apartments
at the Annex were assigned to the couple
on Saturday night. In registering the
actress's stage name was written on the
register by Mr. Chandler.

According to some friends this was
the novel method of the couple in an-
nouncing their marriage.

Mr. Chandler, asked to-day concerning
the marriage, said: “I won't answer any
questions.”

NEW IDEA IN WAISTCOATS.
Bend Had His Padded With Mensy Which
He May Net Have Come By Honestly.

Orrawa, Ont., Dec. 21,—Wesaring a

waistooat padded with fifty and one
hundred dollar bills to the amount of

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

, on the no de; Seventh street,
seb, Bond as arene today |Bitaburg, and Sandal ete | yy a A es and
ing between $8,000 - ate by oor ndetson street, Allegheny, | daughter at first. The aged eyed opened
Wenvike here [Shue ce romeo e' oof mean > tee 1 £00: svened tie aioe i
He was registered as J. J, Jones of It is coree ¢ the finance committee | shock of ‘the meeting beO more
Montreal. He will be taken back to! of Councils for a consideration were in | than willing to go to his family. He
Nashville for trial. farce of selling the bonds to certain sats the City with his wife and daugh-
Serre eee ey a ee ‘a. A
DEWEY'S Winme FOO, BOLIBAy gue Hearings in all the cases have been| Mrs. Dexter No. 2 at her Arch street
Coe ee SS xed for Wednesday morning before | house said she did not want to see him
fi. T. Dewey & Sous Co, 188 Fulton 8t., New Yort, Si Sietrate Brady ; | Qgain.
Ade * ‘
’ j
$ a ‘ cee eae

ma

ne

cile were arrested to-night for alleged
conspiracy, corrupt solicitation and brib-
ery. The informatichs were made late
this afternoon by Tensard De Wolfe,
secretary of the Civic League of Alle-

gheny county. The men against whom
charges were made are William Brand,
President of the Cofamén Council; Jacob
Soffel, Jr., Thirty-second ward; Hugh
Ferguson, Fortieth ward; Capt. John F.
Klein, First ward; W. H. Melaney, Nine-
teenth ward; Joseph C. Wasson, Twen-
tieth ward, and T. Ollie Atkinson, Twenty-
fifth ward. All are members of the
Common Council except Atkinson, who
is a member of the Select Council. e

Informations also were made against
W. W. Ramsey, president, and A. A.
Vilsack, cashier of the German National
Bank, late to-night by Tensard De Wolfe
charging them with conspiracy. A. J. Vil-
sack went on his brother’s bond for $15,000,
President Ramsey was arrested at 11:30
P. M. and up to very late had not got
bail.

The warrants were issued in conjunc-
tion with those against the seven mem-
bers of the Finance Committee of Coun-
cile. It is alleged that the bankers gave
to the members of the committee $17,500
on June 2, 1908, to make the German
National Bank a city depository.

The men who are primarily respon-

mu
a

Ps

++NEW YORK, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1908,~copyriom,

SWERED TELEPATHIO CALL,

AN.
Surgeon's Obedience to Invisible Unspeken
Summons Saved a Life, He Says.

Campen, N. J., Deo, 21—Answering
what he characterizes as a telepathio
call Dr. Paul M. Meoray, head. surgeon
of the Cooper Hospital at Camden, out
short a visit to Jersey City, came home
on a train three hours earlier than he had
intended and by so doing arrived in time
to save the life of William D, Delamatre
of 1018 South Eighth street, his closest
friend,

Mr.. Delamatre was seized with en
attack of appendicitis on Friday. Dr.
Miller, his physician, saw that an opera-
tion was necessary, but would not perform
it without Dr, Meoray. They tried in
every way to locate the latter, but could
not. In the meantime immediate oper-
ation became necessary Dr. Meocray
was in Jersey City,

“I waa near the atation about the middle
of the afternoon,” he said, “when I was
suddenly seized with the curious feeling
that I was badly wanted at home, I
struggled against the notion, but some
voice seemed to be saying: ‘Take a train
and go back to Camden. A man's life
depends on your doing so. Don't hesi-
tate—just go,’

“While I was debating the matter in
mind I bumped into a friend who is an
official of the Pennsylvania Railroad.
He advised me to obey the curious feeling
and offered to take me to Philadelphia
on the next train in his private car.”

Dr. Mecray accepted and instantly felt
a sense of great relief. Through the
courtesy of his official friend the trip was
hurried as much as possible and Dr.
Mecray reached Camden about 6 o'clock,
barely in time to operate successfully on
Delamater. ~

“A few hours later it would have been
too late,” said Dr. Mecray. “Ican't begin
to accountfor it. Onlyassoonas! reach
home I called up Dr. Miller, whose message
[found at home. He was astonished by

 

sible for their arrest are Mayor George} my presence.”

W. Guthrie and Lawyers Paterson, Ster-
ret and Acheson; Willis F. MoCook, W. B.
Rogers, City Solicitor, and A. Leo Weil,
attorney for the Civic League. Wason,
Soffel, Klein and Brand are members
of the Common Council known as “The
Big Six.”

So great a stir was caused bythe ar-
rests that the boards of directora of a

NEW GREAT WESTERN RECEIVER
Amos B, Stickeney Resigns and 4H, G.
Burt Suceeeds Him.

St. Louis, Dec, 21.--Amos B. Stickney,

accompanied by his attorney, C. A. Sev-
| erance, came here in his private car to-

nungber of banks were called into extra | day, and in tle Federal Court in Ciambers |
sessions to-night to cover up the bankse|he resigned as receiver of the Chicago | the fort at Maracaibo. In this instance
which are to be charged with bribing|Great Western Railroad. Judge Walter the plotters were arrested and executed.

the finance committee for the purpose|B. Sanborne accepted

Mr. Stickney’s

of having their banks selected as de-| resignation and appointed as his successor

positories.

H. G. Burt of Chicago, formerly connected

' The charges against the seven men | with the Union Pacific Railroad.

are as follows:

It was explained to-night that Mr.

“That they wickediy, corruptiy and un- | Stickney's resignation does notin any)
lawfully gave and offered money and|way change the statue of the Chicago is Venesuelan waters, although neither

other rewards “and bribes in order to|Great Western Railroad except to the ex- | Secretary of State Root nor Secretar

 

 

 

GOMEZ EXPECTED TO SEIZE
VENEZUFLAN GOVERNMENT.

Spread of Revelutionary Spirit Since
Castre Went te Eurepe the Excuse
for Change—U. 8, Battleship Maine
Sent te Protest American Interests.

Special Cable Despateh to Taw SUN.

WiiieMmerap, Curacoa, Deo. 21.—Word
hag reached here from Venezuela that
Acting President Gomez has ousted the
Castro Government and set up a new
Ministry of his own choosing. Among
those thrown out is the Minister of Educa-
tion, Dr. Baldo, who is in Germany with
Castro, It is\believed here from this
Rroceeding that Gomez intends to estab-
lish himself in supreme power.

The new Ministry consists of the fol-
lowing: Minister of Finance, Munez
Tebar; Minister of War, Gen. Olivares;
Minister of Fomentoe, Rafael Obras;
Minister of Public Works, Roberto Var-
gas; Minister of Publio Instruction, Dr.
Maldonado; Minister of Interior, Linares
Alcantara; Minister of Foreign Affairs,
Gongales Guinaud.

The appointment of a new Minister of
Poreign Affairs to sucoeed Dr. Paula has
aroused the greatest interest in diplo-
matic circles here. It was Dr. Paula who
had charge of the négotiations which re-
sulted in the severing of relations with
Holland. The new Minister of War is an
able military man and,was deputized by
President Castro to put down the revolu-
tion that ocourred ‘yeare ago.

Tt is said that Gomes asserts that his
reason for ousting the Castro Cabinet
was the rioting which oceurred in Caracas
when the Dutch cruiser seized the Ven-
exyelan coastguard ship, Alexis, and the
ra spread of a revolutionary spirit
throughout the country in which every-
thing connectea with the Castro govern-'
ment was denounced.

Frequent plots have been discovered,
the most recent of which was one to assas-
| sinate Gen. Bello, the commander of

1
‘

WASHINGTON, Deo.
\ship Maine, flagship of the third squadron
|of the Atlantic battleship fleet, flying the

 

sented orders.

obtain and influence the vote of anumber | tent that as its president he might be | of the Navy Newberry will admit it.

of members of the Select and.Common | more conversant with its needs than a!:

It is known, however, that the Maine

Councils to secure passage by the members | receiver unacquainted with its affairs, | will be used to convey cablegrams of the

of the Select and Common Councils cer- |The other receiver of the Great Western {American consular repres
nding | road is Charles H. F. Smith.

tain ordinances and resolutions
before said bodies, commonly
dinances and

ed or-

sentatives from
the mainland of Venezuela to the cable

Mr. Stickney gave 98 his redsons tor) station at Curacoa and also to gather

resolutions, designating | resigning as receiver of the road that

the depositories for the funds of the | he had other business interests that de-
city of Pittsburg; bridge ordinances; | mand a!) his time. . The receivership will
bond ordihances for freeing” bridges; |not be dissolved for some time, according

ordinances for filter beds;

Tryst as to the real condition of
political affairs in Venezuela Jt is the
belief of Secretary Root and other officials
of the Government that a revolutidn

Heberton }to a statement by Judge Sanborne to- | against the presmt administration - in

Street Railway ordinance; resolution to] night. Besides Mr. Stickney’s realgna- Venezuela will develop within a few weeks.
pave Fourth avenue with wood blocke, | tion, Judge Sanborn, who is operating | In case of such an emergency the United
and other resolutions and ordinances|the road, discussed with him and Mr, | States desires to have a high ranking
pending before the Select and Common | Severance the present needs of the Great | officer of the navy on the spot to look out

Councils.”
The information goes on to state that

Western and other routine matters.

The Great Western's receivers were ap- |

the charges referrred to cover a period | pointed at St, Paul, but as Judge San-

of two years.

The amounts of money | borne has jurisdiction over twelye States,

the members of Councils are said tohave jincluding Missouri, he could appoint

received are fabulous, They are alleged | President

Stickney'’s successor here,

to have held up all city legislation against | where he is holding court, more quickly

Mayor Guthrie.
citizens to go into the Council chamber,

The latter was asked by | than elsewhere.

Mr. Stickney returned to Chicago by

as his predecessors had done, and to|the Wabash Railroad.

compe! the members to act.
Mayor Guthrie refused, giving as his
reason that the members of» Council

had been elected to devise city legislation | pr.

and it was his @uty to pass or veto it if
he considered it good or bad, otherwise
he would not even make a suggestion.
All the time that he hds been held p he
has been quietly working with the Civic
League gathering data relative to the
actions of the members of Councils.

Owing to the fact that the persons hay-
ing charge gf the Civic League work are
nearly all Aeading members of the bar
it is the opinion that they would not have
made a move unless they had ample
evidence to prove th-ir charges in the
informations.

After the informations. were made be-
fore Magistrate F. J. Brady at Central
police station he made out the warrants,
which were put in the hands of Supt,
Chomas McQuaide.

Jacob Soffel, Jr., was the first man

arrested. He is a member of the firm of vi hoid
George Soffel Company, the largest plumb- | *YPhold.
ing concern in the city. He appeared | °

with his imole, Peter Soffel of 119 Syca-
more street, who gave bail of $15,000,
His arrest was followed by that of Capt.
Klein, who is a steamboat man and owner
of several excursion boats. Klein had a
hard time finding bondsmen.
Steve J. Toole, a baseball pitcher in the
American Association, was found and

went on Capt. Klein's bail for $15,000. As
two counts were made against Klein on

the same charges, he had to put up an

extra $15,000 bail and Thomas Delaney,

owner of the Delaney Hotel, furnished

the addifional bail.

Hugh Ferguson is a contractor. He
considered the whole thing a joke and
had Edward Davidson of 249 Fortieth
atreet as bondsmhn for $15,000; William
Brand, President of the Common Council,
was very serious about the matter when
he was brought in with his bondsman,
Charles P. Naser of 248 First street, who |
went bail for $30,000; W. H. Melaney is
foreman in George D. Hogg & Company's
engineering plant and his bondsman was
his employer, George D. Hogg, for $15,000,
Wasson and Atkinson were unable to get
bondsmen and were permitted to go
out with detectives to hunt for friends
who were willing to go their bail.

ne of the See ge naar the finance
committee will be that of pting bribes
to hold up the purchasing of the bridges

  

       
 
 

ver, and Federal

      
 
   
  
  
 

Ay at

 

oe

EXONERATES THE OYSTER.

Darlington Unable te Find What Bick:
ened Five Thanksgi Diners.

Health Commissioner Darlington, who
has been trying to ascertain what caused
the death of tyo men of a party of five
who dined at a New York hotel on Thanks-
giving eve and the illness of the three
others, said yesterday he hadn't found
that the eating of oysters was
sible. Di. Walter Benge! after i
ing the beds of Sayville, Lynbhaven Bay
and Cape Cod, whence come most of the
oysters used in the city, reports them
free from typhoid conditions.

“Of the three survivors of thé dinner
party,” Dr. Darlington said, “one gave
us no information and the other two
say they ate no oysters. ‘They had been
out of town for several weeke prior to
their illness and in cities in which they
sited possibly could have contracted
The two who died had eaten

yeters.”

Louis A. Hopkins of 616 West 116th
street, who was named as one of the party
and is just recovering from typhoid fever,
said last night that no effort been
made by Commissioner Darlington to

Alderman | @estion him as to whether he ate oys-

ters. He said he did eat them and sat
ai ihe same table with J, B. Rowland aad
A. B. Elliott, who died. He said that
Herbert Lytle, the racing car driver,
and Thomas Wetze!, who are also recov-
ering from typhoid, sat at an adjoining
table. Lytle is still in a hospital in Toledo.

 

HIS FIRST WIFE FOUND HIM

 

Thirty-one Years After He Left Her and a
Daughter in New Yerk.

PHILADELPHIA, Dec. 21.—After a search
for thirty-one years Clark\ Dexter, who
lived at 626 North Camac street, was to-
day found by his wife and daughter.
Théy say he deserted them in New York
to marry another woman. The three met
in the office of Captain of Detectives
Gallagher at the City Hall. Mre. J. M.
Reiman of 881 Madison avenue, New York,
the daughter, who was only 4 years old
when her father left home, put two holly
wreaths on Capt. ‘a desk as she
was about to leave, in token of her grati-
tude

Dexter's being found by his daughter

These | to-day brings to light the fact that he has
a second wife in this olty, whom he mar-

ried in Pittsburg about thirty years ago.

| for American interests.

The cruiser Tacoma was s2nt to the
Venezuela coast last spring for the pur-
pose of carrying despatches from the
American diplomatic and consular officers
to the dable station in order to prevent
delay in their transmidsion to Washing-
ton. Since then the American Minister
at Caracas has been withdrawn and the
State Department has had no means of
promptly obtaining exact information.
In view of the reprisals made by Holland

pet the Venezuelan navy and also

the rioting in Caradas against Presi-
dent Castro's administration the neces-
sity for maintaining prompt communi-
cation with the few American consular |
officers remaining in Venezuela becomes |

apparent.

A beftleship has been despatched be-
causes al) the gunboate and cruisers on
this coast are now éngaged in work in
the West Indies, from which they cannot
well be detached, and farther because
the United States desires to be repre-
sented by a high ranking naval officer well
versed in international law aud expe-
rienoed in handling delicate diplomatic
situations. e

The cruise of the Maine, it ie pointed
out, is in no sense a demonstration against
Venezuela,. She has no marines on board.
The length of her service in Venezuelan
waters will depend to a large extent on
future developments

Norrouk, Va., Dec. 21.—The battle-
ship Maine, flying the flag of Rear Ad-
miral Arnold, went to sea from Hampton
Roads to-day, passing Cape Henry at
11 ‘o’olpck. Her destination is unknown
here, Observers of the vessel at Cape
Henry report that she appeared to be
stripped for action. This might indi-
cate that the vessel had gone out for
target practice. The armored cruiser
Montana put to sea fifteen minutes ahead
of the Maine, bound for Charleston,
8, ©. ;

NO SIMPLE LIFE FOR CASTRO.

@ne Bay's Hospital Diet Enough—Bers
Still Up Ageinst Alcohel.
Special Gadle Despatch to Tux Sun.

Bemray, Dec. 21,~It is reported that it
has taken President Castro ohly one day
to weaken on the diet at Dr, Israel's
hospital. He has persuaded the physician
to allow him to order his meals from a
restaurant.
. Dr, Israel unwillingly agreed on condi-
tion that Castro ate frugally, but he was
unfielding as regards alcohol, insisting
on rigid teetotalism.

THIRTEEN VOTES FORC. P. TAFT.

 

 

 

Hamtiten Ceunty Delegaticn Inderses
Him for Senater.

Crxrcinnatt. Doo. 21.—The thirteen Re-
publican members of the Hamilton county
delegation to the State Legislature to-
night indorsed Charlies P. Taft for United
States Senator. The résolution passed
unanimously.

It is said that this action was prompted
by advices from Colum where Taft
headquarters were . Poli-
Speen he feue cane bea
eu coun’
cas consistently seek votes in coher
quarters, |

SS Sa x
cr ha oe,

 

we ee ae
2 ne

21—The battle: |

| who was manager of Madison Square
| Garden for many years, got « marriage
| flag of Rear Admiral Conway H. Arnold, | t Ci 7

sailed from Hampton Roads to-day under | {crise St City Hall yesterday.

Her probable destination | seville apartmonts, at 117 West. Fifty-{say, that didn’t count.

Y know her son intended to marry Miss

|year, He attended New York University, |#he ran down the ranway
jand later Columbia. He said at the City

io Lie

 

 
 
 
 
  
 
    
   
   
    
   
 
  
   
   
   
   
 
   
  
   
    
    
   
  
   
  
 
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
   
   
   
  
   
    
   
 
    
  
  
   
  
    
 
   
   
 
    
   
 
 
   
 
  
  

2,
and to-morrow; vind
to noftheasterly.

es
TWO CENT

oo

PRICE

NEW YEARS GIFT TO STEEL MEN

Carnegie Company te Give Dividends and
Bonuses to Workers.

Pirrapora, Deo. 21.—The Carnogie
Steel Company to-day gave notice of
special prize money for those who five
years ago bought stock in the concern
to be paid for at @ oprtain stated sum
out of each month's wages.

Besides giving to each holder of the
stock the regular 7 per cent. divigend
there will be added! $5 for each share of
stock for each year it has been held, or $25
extra. ; :

In addition to this there will be divided
among those who have paid for their
stock and have lived up to all agreéments
the sum of those profits which would
have accrued to the workmen who first
bought stock and then fet it lapse: A
rough guess by the workmen to-night is
that their New Year's gift from the Car-
negie Steel Company wil! be about 65 per
cent. on the par value of their stock

ABSTEMIOUS KAISER PRAISED,

Methedist Ministers Rejoice That He Is
on the Water Wagon.

At ‘the Methodist preachers’ meeting
yesterday morning at the Methodist Book
Rooms, 150 Fifth avenue, Dr. William
Potts George, pastor of the Bedford
Street Methodist Episcopal Church, in-
troduced: a resolution commending the
German Emperor for his published in-
tention henceforth to abstain from all
intoxicating liquors as a beverage and
expressing a hope for his dctive future
cooperation in combating the tremendous
forces of evil embodied in the liquor
traffic, and also assuring him of their
high respect and prayers for himself
and the great German people,

Dr. George was appointed chairman
of the committee to place the resolution
in the hands of the German Ambassador
at Washington for transmission to the
Emperor.

SANGER GETS A LICENSE

And Drives te Tiffany's With the Former
Mra, Wiliam Homer Greaves.

Miss Florence L. Burns of the Ross-
leigh, at 1 West Eighty-fifth street, who
obtained a final decree of divoroe from her
hueband, William Homer Greaves, in the
Supreme Court last Friday, and Louis P.
Sanger, son of the late Frank W. Sanger,

 

 

WIDOW SAYS T. J. MAINS
BROTHER TO-MURDER

 

 

Saw Him Becken the Captain Bewn.
Float and He Threatened) (4
Her Thero—She Had Met the Bi
Karlier That Day and

’ *

” Mra. Helene E. Annis, widow of %
E. Annis, the victim in.the Bay.
edy, took the stand ‘
in the old Town Hall at Flu
T. Jenkins Hains is on trial ¢
an equal share in the killing of Mr. -
The testimony of the widow Was
doubt the strongest feature of the”
cution so far, and yesterday
seqtience the. most discouraging
prisoner has seen since the
mended a week ago, a

The trial had dragged throug
days, two of whicirhad been takefit
the selection of a jury and the ¥
three with the production of te
which, a!though necessary. to the Bf
case, at few moments could +h
sensational. Yesterday.. morning®
witnesses again reviewed thé eve
that regatta day at the yacht ela:
out adding very much to the vi
already in the hands of the juryoe

But with the pronouncing of
“Helene E. Annis” by the D
ney, followed by the louder and: ne
cal repetition of the same nanny
court officer who stands: beh
ness chair, the whole atmospher

 

 

The jurymen, who had found it}
gle to simulate interest in the ex:

ber of feet between the southe
of the float and the brother of til
fendant at a certain specified
straightened in their seats. an
toward the door through ¥
nesses enter the court rooms!
tators, who had begun to da
dom of waiting through ac

ing hours in the hope of a soma
incident, craned their necks if ais
direction and the newspap oy
almost. outnumbering the:
the small court room, soug
cils. Soe ag
To be sure Mrs. Annis alre
called by District A

clinah hia cornua deliati

Saag

2

Mr. Sanger’s mother. who lives in the

N
eighth street, said last night she didn't |te!l what she knew and saw of the:
| Penings of that afternoon at: Bay
iwhen her hashand was shot. orn |

~y

Burns, although she had heard that he :
was acquainted with her, her eyes despite her own of
Miss Burns, who lives at the Rossleigh | him.
with a maid, left her apartments early inj The testimony of Mrs.
the evening, accompanied by. Mr. Sanger. as she first
They went in a taxicab and Mr. Sanger |changed by the or ues
told tlie dtiver to go to Tiffany's, which | Lawyer John F. Mofntyr
was oper last night. several points very:
Mr. Sanger was in college until last |fondant.The widow swore. that”
to |
as her husband's boat came it @
Peter C. Hains began free
Hains pointed a revolver at her
hor not to move or she
same.” “She said that as she
sight of the revolver she felt the ¥

Hall that hé was 25 years old, while Miss
Burns gave her age as 27. Mrs. Frank
W. Sanger said last night that her son had
been at home until early in the evening
and had told her nothing about obtaining
a marriage license. at her back. Y

Miss Burns comes from Chicago and| She said too, what perhaps if
is said to be a sister of Michael C. Burns, | damaging to the defence, that be
the coal merchant. Mr. Burns said last| the shooting, ‘while her husband's
night that he knew nothing about her | W4s on its way to the float and the Has
plans. stood on the dock above talking |
The Sanger estate owns the Empire | Various olub members, Tho: eg

Theatre, which ié to be sold soon to settle} beckoned his brother the «C
up the estate. led the way down to the float.

ee Lawyer MolIntyre, upon
PHILIPPINES SCARE CUBA,: | brunt of the defence falls, treated a
Annis with great: consideration aad |
Hig Fund to Be Raised for Tariff Conces. | t!eness, but nevertheless he tried |
~ alone et Sugar ead Tobacco. to break down these points in ber ¥
Special Cable Despatch to Tux Sun. mony. In none of the three pointe,
Havana, Dec. 21.—The sugar interests | in none of the rest of her story, wa
here, alarmed by the proposal to allow | successful. a
900,000 tona of Philippine sugar to enter| Mra. Annis was called at 8 0”
the. United Btates annually free of duty, | following -Fred Leavitt, sup
are actively organising a campaign to | of the club, on the witness 4
get concessions from the American Con- | came into the court room ag
gress, They want a renewal of the reois }by Mrs. C. A. Birchfield, who.
procity treaty and also a reduction in| With her much of the time
the duty on Cuban sugar of fifty cents | of the tragedy, and Mrs.
per hundredweight. weil. . :
The tobacco interests are also inter-| Mrs. Annis wore a olose fitting
ested in the proposal that a certain quan-|drese of rather ornate design sad”
tity of Philippine tobacco shall be ad-j|arge black hat rather flat in shape,
mitted duty free into the United States, | Casting @ strong shadow over
and they will work with the sugar inter-| The tall woman to whom
este in ‘an attempt to get tariff conces- | Statuesque” has been persiete
alons. piiee eye ase the Hains cage:
Together they will raise a large fund |* feature of the news walked ta
ness chair calmly enough, and.p
ot nee Soeee by the usual questions by the. Di
Attorney began her testimony. #
j cool, clear, somewhat nasal volod. Wh
could easily be heard over. the 60
room, ak i
said she had: gone to th '

a

 

-),

 

 

ieee
be wid a
sate

 

‘
> Cat

U

woqes

 

MORE BUMBLEPUPPY GOLF. .
Mr. Taft and Col, Begey Not Milting It

‘ Of on Gandy Links. She
Avavara, Deo 21.—Mr. Taft-is not on} ya ont:

 

Club on the afternoon:
speaking terms with Col. Bogey down
here. and the Coloné! don't hitoh Wena’ Chg; he 1:22 train front

at all on the “sand greens” on the Au-
gusta golf Jinks. Mr. Taft had always

e

old. At the station at Bay Side she he

played on aod until he came here.
“How are you playing?” he was asked ieee oe Dot ti
“Acsful*eald be names were all she coud men e
“What #ea your eoore?* + After leaving the Bay Side ate
a you gee a cab with passengers

"I decline to give it.” However, Mr.
Taft is going to devote an afternoon or
so to practising putting on the sand, and
then the old friendship between: him and
the Colone) may be restored.

going in the same direction?” was as
Mr. Molntyre’s objections

“Yes,” the witness answered.

 

TO GO OVER HORSESHOE FALLS.

Chlppewa Man Preposes te Make th
Voyage in a Rubber Bail.

Nragans Fatts, Ont., Dec. 21.—Another

 

different from anything that has
tried before. It is an immense

e

 

to the dook. <<
” SL went down thinking I would

* >

* “

een