a ——

=

VOL. LXXIX.—NO, 288.

FREBRANDS USED IN

PERTH AMBOY RTS

strikers Set Five to Trolley
sheds and Stone

the Cars,

PISTOLS PROTECT FIREMEN
Ireiley Service Suspended and
Rig Force of Deputies
on Guard,

Pent Asnory, N. J.. dune 18.—The
‘ e rifuation here became so serious
sterday that the police force was
ty deubled and fifty special depu-

sworn In at New

Bollschweiler,

hes Were Brunswick
Armed with
longer than the
of the policemen,
men are hurrying initio town.
of the
that Sheriff Boll-
bweiler communicated with Gov. Wil-
son te-night. As a result Capt. Kitchell

willow clubs,
ry night stick

The itlook for a cessation

Was so poor

» National Guard officer, was sent here

investigate. He entered into a con-

 

rence with the local authorities and
ey were engaged until a late hour in
poing over the situation. It is belies ed
that the local officers and the Sheriff's
1 will be able to conirol the
without the aid of the militia. |

 

‘lock to-night a
had gathered in

big crowd of
the vicinity

 

 

 

  

 

    

     

 

 

 
   

        

 

  

 

 

 

 

ee

+

 

 

SEES WITH ANOTHER'S EYE.

| seein
Hlind Man's Sight Restored ty

Dellente Grafting Operation.

PHILADELPHIA, June 12.—Blind for
seven years, Owen Harris, a machinist,
‘is at the Medico-Chirurgical Hospital.
his sight restored by the removing of the
| Tissues from the eye of another man and

grafting them on the eye of Harris,

Harris losi the sight of both eyes ina

fareback from a furnace. It wae
predicted he would be blind for life. Six

tnonths ago Harris went to the Medico-

_Chirurgical Hospital. Dr. LL. Webster
lox said there was some hope. Harris
was told to return home and be prepared
to come to the hospital the moment he
Was summoned.

It was arranged that when a patient
came to the hospital with an eye xo badly

‘NEW YORK, FRIDAY,

. TWO NURSES DROWNED

 

OFF WARD'S SLAN

JU

’
mura

 

DARES PEER TO A FIST FIGHT.

Strike Leader Challenges Lord Who
Threatened to Use Whip.

 

Speciat Cable Despatch to Tits Ses
LONDON, June ts. 'The correspondence
between a Peer and a strike leader fur-
nished a society sensation to-day,

One Tried to Save the Other, | Lord Devonport, the chairman of the

injured that it had to be removed Harris |

would be called. On May 31 such a pa-
tient arrived and Harris was summoned
and placed on the operating table near the
man whose eye had to be removed.

The eye was taken from the injured
man and tissues of the eyeball were placed
over the sightless pupil of Harris. Then
the eye upon which the experiment was
tried was bandaged and Harris was kept
in a dark room for eight days. On the
ninth day the bandage was removed and
Harris could see a jittle trom the eye,

Harris is ai the hospital awaiting the
arrival of another patient who must lose
an eye. When this patient arrives Dr.
Fox will perform an operation upon the
second eye and he believes that the sight
of Harris will be almost as good as it was
before the accideyt.

TAKES DYNAMITE TO COURT.

Magistrate O'Connor tins a Scare

and Orders Witness Oat,

While the three yeggs errested yas.

 

 

Who Had Gone in Bathing, |
and Both Were Lost.

GROUP ON SHORE FRANTIC

| Miss Eleanor O'Rourke's Vain

Effort to Save Her Close
Friend, Margaret Hughes.

 

Miss Margaret Hughes and Miss Eleanor
O'Rourke, nurses in the Manhattan State
Hospital for the Insane on Ward's Island,
were drowned last night off the south
end of Ward's Ieland. Miss O'Rourke
Jost her jife in an effort tosave Miss Hughes
after the latter had got into diffleulties
whilo s*imming off the of the
island. The body of Miss Hughes was
recovered, but
the poiice had not been able t
the body of Misa O'Rourke

The young women Miss Hughes wis
O'Rourke ow had
nurses at the hospital for (wo years and
in that time had friends
Kvery evening when the weather
been warm and fine witha group of mirses
they hove spent an hour after supper
on the grass at a spot on the end of the
istind. Miss Hughes was a cold water

point

up to late lost night,

recover |

0 and Miss been

heen ciore

has

 

 

Port of London Authority, wrote as fol-
lows to Ben Tillett. the strike leader
who threatened to get a gin and shoot
his lordship:

My Drar Sin Lam told that vou intend
toshoot ine. L regret that | eannot meet you
at present, but should [doso [shall certainly
horsewhip you tor a mischievous scoundrel
who ought to be shot

Ben Tillett replied:

My Drar Lonp Devosxront Lam in re-
ceipt of your letter and the promise con-
tained therein, - shall not shoot you on
Bight, not baving promised von that ser-
vice, vet if > do you tray depend on me
honoring the feht better than vou and the

other members of the gang that have
honored yours ! shall be outside the
Mansion House at te and at the House ot
Commons mm the outer lobby to-morrow

for oHo.000 Children) and other

) shall aet
Vietims of vour sordidiess and inlumane-
ness. Bring sour whip. Uli tae vour sive

info account and sour whip and will depend

upon nature's weapons Come aions, if
you ate note scoundrel, Gear Lord Devon-
port) Yours sincerely Bis Vintner

Lerd Devonport confirms a denial by
his secretary (o @ telegraphed inquiry as

‘to the gentinenessof hisletierio Ben Til-

lett by saving he has not wiitten any come
munication to Tillett or any of his cole
leapiies

MONUMENT TO IDA LEWIS.

seh

 

 

Olgirl Raising Moneys Mee
morial to the Lighthouse Keeper.

Newport. RoI. June 13.—If the efforts

for

 

 

 

 

 

 

NE 14, 1912.—covyvione, 1912,

TRISPRETTY SURE

70 GO 10 CrIGAGO

‘Strong Demand From His Lieu-
tenants That He Take
the Field.

MAY BE OFF BEFORE NIGHT

|After Long Conference by

Phone, He Postpones Nam-
ing Date of Starting.

Oysrer Bay, June 18. Theodore Roose-

velt will probably goto Chicago. and there |
is a possibility that he may start for the}
But late to- |

convention city to-morrow.
night the Colonel was still unwilling to
he would accede to
the reques's he os reeeiving from
lieutenants already on the ground and
join thei ;

The Colone! hada three hour conference

say whether or not
his

over ihe long distance telephone with
ex-State Senator Flinn of Pennsylvania
to-uight. The reporiers had been led to
Mr

, to Chieago would be made public

Pexpech tua fooneveli’s decision as
to goin
to-night and were waiting for him when
he hang up the reeciver after his long talk

with Senator Flinn

hh

 
  

to-morrow

by the Sun Printing and Publishing Association.

 

Juatice Again Aaserta He Wants No
Political Honors,

Justice Charles E. Hughes of the United

|States Supreme Court passed through
this city yesterday on his way from Wash-
; ington to the Adirondacks. He has taken
'Camp Abenaki at Lake Placid and will

| spend the summer there.

' ‘To friends who spoke to him of the re-

ports from Chicago regarding the possi- |

bility that he might be made a com-
promise candidate for the Presidency
by the Republican national convention
Justice Hughes said that he was entirely
out of politics and would not permit
the use of his name under any circum-
stances and that this must be rerarded as
tinal

Orders Them From Mouse for Inter-
rapting Lewis Harcourt's Speech.

Special Cable Despatch to Tne Sex.
LONDON, June 13.--There was a meet-
ing at Devonshire House to-day of the
Colonial Nursing Association. Princess
Henry of Battenberg was present. While
Lowis Harcourt, a member of the Cabi-

‘het, Was speaking, two suffragettes in- |

terrupted him with their war ery of “Votes
tor Women.” The Duchess of Devon-
shire reminded the women that they were
suests in her house and under the cir-
cumstances she had no alternative but
to request that they withdraw. The
| women were led from the room.

HERE'S THE CHEESE TRUST.

 

 

DUCHESS EJECTS SUFFRAGETTES.

THE WEATHER FORECAST.
outy to-day; pr coun showers to-night and

; north to east winds.

led weather reports will be found on page 17.

   

PRICE TWO CE

WAY DROP TAFT.
AND ROOSEVELT

| Leaders Plan to Bring Har-
mony Through a New
Candidate.

 

 

 

 

The Ticket Most Talked Of
as Acceptable to All
Factions.

 

| POLITICIANS ALARMED

 

|Fear That With Either Presi-
dent or Colonel All
Will Be Lost.

 

SCANDAL DANGER GROWS

 

‘Both Sides Accuse Each Other
, Of Using Improper Means
to Win Delegates.

‘

 

———- |
Col, Roosevelt, however, made it plain 1 te Charged That Wisconsin Boara| The demand that both Roosevelt and

that he realizes how earnestly the dele-
Kates in Chicago desire his vresence,
and i appears now to be only a question
of what day and hour he will take a train

 

 

 

Fixes and Manipulates Prices,

PLymMovtn, Wis., June 13.—It is charged
here that the Plymouth Cheese Board

 

 

 

 

 

Taft be set aside and a “harmony can-
!didate” named had gained such wei ght
‘last night in Chicago as to overshadow

 

 

 

i terday were waiting to be arraigned in enthusiast, and atter several weeks of of Jane Dewick, daughter of Mrs. George |v i) ha ek willing to make any | !%e8 the selling price for the producers | the situation. The outcome of the Mis-
' . ‘ : eter te ates Anaad 7 . i t r 4K ‘ * . | . soe
fthe plant of the American Smelting the Har! m police cour, before Magis- talking about going in swimming, last Dewiek ° Ss ALC aw erie the dantte aint ant a en 7 oat ie]! Of American cheese all over this State | souri contests and the fear of politicians
nd Refining Company, abot . ile: > OConnor fmol grave of Mrs, Ida Lewis Wilson, [da Lewis inte nent, say it f i it j in. | av :
id Reflning Company, about two miles trate O Connor an amusing incident night, although the warmth of the day 24 aa ke d he vey id ed ae yet what J Will do,” his decision seems 294 beyond and manipulates it in the in-| that further warfare will mean defeat
rom the ceatre of the town, Deputy took place The Magistrate noticed hs as she was known while keeper of Lime : : terest of a few buyers i '
‘ : : was over, she put on ber bathing suit le Hehed . sill t arked How to rest upon what word is lieuten- ’ : for all Republican candidates gave added
riffs were inside the main building a man wakng about inside the | "* CUES : ° © Rock lighthouse here, will be markec te tir Cl sahatl aan t ’ w. On May 28 the board reduced the price | ¢orog to the de d
with revolvers ready to be used. The enclosure reserved for prisoners and wit. @d accompanied by the gromp of nurses by a SRE eenaes We MRRNIORY EROH ae ne anit , aie : a fait , acta r of cheese 3 cents to put it into cold stor- : ae ee
tokers knew this and contented them- nesses aa if he had a right there went in the water to show she was not Citizens of awport at Sen Y ae We Me feet a ata age, as it is alleged the board did last | Supreme Court Justice Hughes for
sives with depredations on surround-,  “Whet's that man doing inside the rail?” afraid of if. ‘The others stood on the | A_ subseription was sti a d this week teite i ae a is ; a cine an. ae year when it ran the prices down to 11| President and Senator Cummins for
Ta swt ‘ ’ ‘ . aS hk . he era a , ¥ste ay about 9 oe é uP- ~- * . os .
se propert. lasked the Megistrate shore watching her. by Miss Dewic mine is in the graduating rivinig in New York ababout tl cents a pound and later shipped it out at| Vice-President were the names most
sheds used by patrons of tite It was explained that the man was At the point there is a fair bathing class of the Mumford public sehoo! tr stnt evel al tha int n th til? cents. It is charged that the combine | heard
. . > s iv . r her ar, re s % .
company were set on fire bes George Young, secretary to Commis- beach, with a elope which does not take Until graduation she is only devoting her yids ALA Bane a | holds prices to 12 cents in Wisconsin and =
; ae Pag ; : : ; se ‘are Mmements to the cause. It is her What he terms the theft of the delegates : 4 Among others named are Senator
ween % and @:45 o'clock. The fires sioner Dougherty, and he was in the court one beyond one's depth until 60 or 75 feet Spare. e 2 the caus as het IncATisonn, “and RaRICUIAnIY Of the two fixes delivery in Chicago at 25 cents Borah, S t Root Gov. F k S$
were jut out before serious damage With evidence against the prisoners from shore. Then comes a sudden drop, MNtention to spend her summer vacation a te ates in Cailltcre rad nate tie et re | Borah, Senator Root, ex-Gov. Frank S.
era done. At about 10 o'clock an- “What's the ev dence?” demanded Mag- | Miss Hughes hel been in the water about Collecting ® oy) in indiah h ; ‘ r od a5 ia . 1 h feel-. SCORNS THE U. S. FLAG kc ie ee
shed was set on fire and this. istrate O'Connor ten minutes and had tired, so she stopped When she has enough money she will OEE aieNe cane ate ee eee heer | 7S . Fairbanks and Robert T. Lincoln.
the men fighting it under cover “K's in this package under my arm.” swimming and weded about. Then she request Mayor P. J. Boyle to appoint a 12 among his followers that they are Colonel Roosevelt is expected to ad
ST wea : ae oi Rie Sibu : ee eenee te aes : “1 ittee re : ‘ t ustified i . ing hi . iD ’E 9? .
revolvers of the deputies con. said Seeretary Young °This package dropped from sight. She had stepped Committee to get a monument and have J ° ifled in de manding his presence | There Isn't Enongh in It for Me, dna 4 Wi ab ait in: the Audi
Pie Adad : it erected hot merely as a Presidential candidate s the May Bot | a big mass meeting in the Audi-
; trouble Every trolley car Contains six sticks of dynamite and four over the ledge ; ; : : Saye the Mayor o atte, j ' ‘
' } lant t } ounces of nitroglycerine.” When the ceme up her mouth was full Ur ae we eae ec eave te pale B M J Th i Yee ee ene
e weat hy the plant Was stonec - ‘ . ? whe ce : ou as people” i t t of » is givi | uTTe, Mon, June 13.—-The miners} ; ‘ ; {
WVindoy were smashed and. several Magistrate O'Connor nearly fell back- of water. She screamed and than sank GRAVE DIGGERS ASK A RAISE. itt aa en Tht ain and labor unions of Butte celebrated | i he gi ee ee "i \
‘re osiruck by missiles, This ward off his chair Fak again. Miss O Rourke promptly, in her sadiaicaieacetonasios visers in Chicazo suggest, but does not, t0-day miners’ union day, a local holi- | greatly py nuera over J e danger of
weame so trying that at 10:30 What?" he shouced Youare walk ne nurse's uniform. jumped off the bank Force Employed at Calvary Ceme- propose to make up his mind until he | day, and Lewis J. Duncan, the Socialist | @ scandal in connection with the Southern
he trolley service was discon. ®bout with enough stuff es blow this court und began to wade out toward Miss tery Want Higher Wages. has heard in full their reasons for want- | ©X-minister who is Mayor of Butte, rode | delegates. Charges and counter charges }
i entirely, There a bls dance | room to smithercens ont you know Huehes. , i Aofe't {od crave dine i labor. | ing him to come in a carriage in the parade. of the use of money and materia! benejits
Vnton Beach to-night and a Jot tbat someone might joggle vourarm and — Mijas O'Rourke could not swim and she fore than 100 grave diggers and labor- The informaton which Col. Roosevelt The paraders generally wore small | in the effort to win delegates are d
eople Were wondering how those the whole place would be blown up? Get realized her own danger, but thought ers employed in Calvary Ceinetery, one ; ; . : American flags in their coat lapels. The | = ee
Fj : fae So ncn i , " ; of the largest burial places in Greater received over the telephone from Chicago | ¢ . ® oS epee. j}and are the chief topics in hotels and
vad gone down there were going to Tat out of court’ the could pull Miss Hughes back to the ©! ae pete ; to-night was to the effect that the dele- Mayor was not so decorated, and E. C. | rks ts
; ™ho strikers also set fre to “But this is evidence.” protested Sec- top of the ledge without going bevond New York, where from fifty to sixty oo : Shields, an offic (the. olerks’ uni clubs where the politicians meet.
, StvlKkers also § sateen 4 ' , tamil ai ta a ie daily. wilt probatty~ Sets. arriving fer tie convention are | Sbieds, a) cer of-the crerks Union, :
& poles advertising signs retary Young WERt Groth: END WAGED 10 Fie Shenae Sretnere Cpe. vie pe y very indignant and very bitier. As the Offered the Mayor a flag, which he de- Detectives have been placed by both
; route of the trolley Hine “E don't care” answered the Megis- Hughes, walking carefuliy, and ronehed learn this vhieee the result of eee tira attitude of the delegates ra ported to clined | ides everywhere, even in the national
ee vy trate. *That stuff shoul > gent tod is he surface tions which have been under way for the : ’ a xt pan ; i : : : ; 3 :
See HED AME DBS Geb ue tres He wy Ch - - rg oF . oan a See ee ou sb past few davs looking to an amicable the Colonel they regard the situation as There isn't enough in it for me,” said | committee's anterooms, to wa'ch for
s are ust Mobiles te hurry Urea of combusiibles ake it right again. She gripped the drowning woman | ; cn Deng AN OREN attempt on the part of the Duncan ! brit 4
m to Ww port fot town Out of Court and put it where it is gafe” by the hair and then slowly pulled Miss settlement of a demand for an increase natianats ne igi i lathes oh ; i , bribers,
it pa ut hie wr . ‘ ; ’ c : ‘ ; i i * . de d the people sate
a ; ' Secretary Young wont Hughes io he cf wages made to Supt. John J. Cunning- Roosevelt headquarters were reported
We signs of an outbreak, Holice and ‘ & wens of the victory they have won and to nomi- HAMILTON FISH TO WED
—-— s she was Hing the other gurse to Aan : ° be short of money It was also zaid
ities have charsed the crowds As ashe was pulling the ott ; - nate for President the man whom the i es ss
in and again, only to have them col- BOY KILLED AT MOVIES. aati lee ORME KS's foot slipped: ans ie ae ters ah oe ic While rank and file of the Republican hanty have ale that a levy upon some of the big con-
: ne ; e herself plunged into the deen water in pay from = $1.7 to $2 a dav nile raw sre ty . * . os -
tin some other place. This situation \ \ eae ; i auk ee pmue pper ne “e the Bananite ane atead the superin. OVerwhelmingly repudiated where they Gets His License to Marry Mrs. Flore tributors bad been met with refusal,
nore serlous than it has veen at any Was Watching Show From Pree ¢ "The a es op the shore had watched tendent the partly nished graves were Dave bad the chance to express them- ence Ameinck on June 35. on the ground that “the jig is up.”
lime since the strike began When Branch Broke. . ree Sten Leemee, reer ran sas : selves {aire ; ; :
+0 error » of the lett until the termination of the confer- . 4 arriage license was iss! reste! -| The national committees yesterday
thorities find themselves con- krom the top branch of an old can tree the proceeding: in. terns mee am os i All of the men ee urned Pan aal The “theft” of the delegates in Cali- A TRS ROBE license was is ued yesterday ' ca WK ox ce ,
nted not only by the possibility of ee meee sat bile ran back to the hospital and told the - oe dea : he fornia, Indiana and Kentucky, i: was at Wiest ey Hall to Hamilton Fish, ex-| gave Taft 17 contested delegates, 11 in
ar outhreakevon tha art of thom lo ( xPe ss avenue and 130th street, The telephone operator what was happening willing to wait until the meeting of the represented to Mr Rocuavalt ae ae bad Assistant lreasurer of the United States, Mississippi end (in Missuori. Col, Roose- ' /
Ls nie m : ’ Bronx, small boy# can joow down into, He sent calls through the wards for at- Cemetery trustees ai their offices in Madi- 4 mas ereared — and Mrs. Florence Amsinck of 810 Fifth velt got 13, 1 in Mississippi, & in Missouri
(he mp id ha 1 Akh “' @ moving picture show, and the branch tendanis and rushed to the water's edge, son avenue and Fifty-second street, Man- eae ' fen i there is a stron® | avenue, Both Mr. Fish and Mrs. Amsinck { : 's K rl ait , AS ne 4 f
nplovment, but also by the danger was ¢ hie , ehivet ; emand . , ioularly ‘ ‘ Nor é a.
fei o 2 } : - a a: , a et was festooned with youthful enthusiasts When the men got there both bodies hattan ea a re ne delegates, part ularly have been married before, in fact it will 2G 1 In North Carohna mong the “Ss
nen and women now i ; wi last night. Among them was twelve. had sunk out of sigh: Four hours later See eenaemeaee rom e ie ae ie the Western be Mrs. Amsinek's third marriage. In delegates given to Roosevelt are the 4
ines! by others Sherif Olli beat pay a L : J a. & - : States, for the Colonel to go to Chicago _ rig 4 i 7 vat
ear-old Charles Hemingway ef 282 51. che police were notified and a police HE FOUND NO CANCER CURE f gE Nea the application forms filled by the two if at large from Missouri
\ eT = { to-nigh he it ‘Ne i % at 3 . o uo} ; “4 va ‘ . Th seve | % . t he : PI = a : : a " >
“i : es een w ae "Ann's avenue, who wriggied in excite: jaunch in charge of Serg:. Hog, with te Hy prog lieutenante charge that ‘NO was stated that Mr. Vieh is 63 years old Francis '. Heney's right to sit in the :
a a ee cee Wy "iment as the hero scooped up ine lady three men to use the grapplers, wen: to rea 2Osses are rerorting to every possible ang that Mra. Amsinck is 57 years old. | committees as a proxy on the theory that
es Will be able to handle the and rode off with her in a clord ef dust the spot and began the search for the be M. Barly, Who Offered 81,000,000, expedient to defeat them, for what seems ‘phe wedding will take place at the home | ee iat te
n ‘Phere has heen some talk and paternal curses, bodies, They found the body of Miss Dies a Victim of \-Ray. to those lieutenants the obvious reason! of Mrs Amsinck, 810 Fifth avenue, on | O° Was a Democrat was attacked by @ j
appeal to the Governor the Of @ sudden the branch cracked. Hughes without much trouble but Soh ee. j handed Mi that they are noi merely fighting for the’ june 25, Mrs. Amsinck hax no children, | Taft committeeman, but the matter was
but the idea is opposed by the Charles's friends yelled and jumped, were unable to find the body of Miss ees re a Rehan ") 1 See tok ay Come ae politica, but one of her nieces is the wife of J., dropped when it was shown that Heney
evel headed cit sens and the tow Nojoit the littie boy was caught under the. O'Rourke Ear ; a ‘ tee rom ; anne? im line also hit the perpetuation of “privi- Bryce Ismay, managing director of the. is on the convention roll as a delegate
Yiela) iy they will not do it if auy heavy branch as it fell. Father Donnelly Those at the hospital who knew Miss 1 , oo Lae rae ege” in both the industrial and politica! White Star Line. | from California
Was out of the difficulty presents ran around from St. Luke's Catholic Hughes and Miss O'Rourke say that (hey wien Roentgen discovered: ihe X-rey world earner me ithe ta Poliatt anianie jenided
¢ v Corly wae xe » 3 y sis ‘ ’ 5 e J, rollette people vedo er
se Church on 138th street and while the boys were efficient and popular. The hospital D> Karly began exper ine nt with t  , This is at least the raport at Oyster Bay, ' Ee ; : if wns
Tt triking emplovees of the Ameri- stood with their caps off adininistered , recorda were locked up last night, and a yee. I nue aia tae Annie in: WON'T if HENGY TALE. en gee MrT . nae
sa Smeting and Retning Company the lact rites to the child on the ground. jt waa impossible to learn anything about eet tee BO Oe ke Pi an : me ; ao not EXPECT ROOSEVELT ON MONDAY. Taree Ot | but to keep in the middle of the road as
tacked the police who were guard- When an ambulance came from Lincoln | the families of the two. ok " cparaet sulfic ent protection, | ce Lae y. M. CG, A. Cancels Lecture Because) regards Taft and Roosevelt, ’ |
t ; a ery aye oat A : 7 ike Hae The X-ray whict sowos u g to treat | ‘ ; Ay
: this morning. Anger at Hospital the boy was dead. | eaeema. nen r Siaathis pear aes r whe ; Colonel May Address Big Aadito. of Attack on Crane, Cummins’s men hase approached the
ght f the strike breakers who —_—-—— ———-~ | WASHING ‘ancer © P wv, iy +04 :
. ; mire rium Masa Meeting. PITTsFle M June 14.—The Pitt La Poilette leaders with a plan to con-
en brought in to take their | WAR ON CATS IN ASHINGTON. i: could not gure. | ITTSFIELD, Mass., - ' ve Pitta- | © : i . ‘
ex anda dealre for Neneeanca cent SCHOOL HEAD MARRIES PUPIL. | 2 a ene While stil! experimenting with the! Critease, tune 13.—Free prophesies are field Y. M. C. A. will cancel the engage- bine their strength for Cummins. ‘They
TINBIGAEAINAU ETNA Renae Snes eee ; All Cate VAghd RAMAN at Larse | y ray, Dr Ear y discovered how to mike made here to-day that Col Rooseveit ment of Francis J. Heney to speak here | were rejected ; |
nizht ampelled them to lay on the "e's 6% and President of National, Will Be Pat to Death, a new photographic paper and he East- Is coming to Chicago, in upnuary Neoduse of his attack on La Volletio will present an entire plat- |
n with sticks and stones. Park Seminary-—She'a 1), WASHINGTON, June 19.—-The Commis- fae eee a pe weary ee M The men closest to him and who know Bence Y phere | re ns sapub)ie form of his own to the convention
’  muar neat roe ‘o > : ; ; ' ‘him and two partners for @ sum said to be, s ‘sent i ont sare those who say Can national com mittee eeting yester- | x
on guard drew their revolvers posweun, N. M., June 13.-John I. | sioners of the District of Columbia are as cus 000 f . mt ae en pena ene hose who gay ae . Richard Quay, son of the late Senator
n their swinging clubs failed to! Cagidy. 6 y ! j t > after cats. By official edict ali, 1" 5 j fe sure vw at the convention. \ . ; a . lvants ‘ :
‘oe Wide . ae one ‘teane Cassidy, 65 years old, presiden eft the Born & af x8 . : The cancer first manifested itself on) "You won't be far wrong If vou say Senator Crane is a principal supporter from) Pennsylvania, Chauncey Dewey "
the rush, Ome of the strikers National Park Seminary, Washington, cats hereafter found running at large will Dreariva hand: cilia fingers, thanchin nein canine cat Pe f the Pittsficld association. Mr. Heney | and John K. Lynch are working tor Roose-
n the arm and the rest were J) C., and Miss Stephana Prager, 19 years | be impounded and put to death. The ex. | Dr. Early’s han His gers, 1 he is coming, sald a friend of the Colo- 1 soci nurs Lyn 0 ’
Neh: aft » pf » bet \ > 6 ‘ \ . . inf j hand, and finally his arm were removed. nel’s this afternoon. “It cannot be an- spoke here last winter and was reen-' yelt among the Southern Taft delegates
i wht after the pistols began to! oid, daughter of W. S. Prager, a sheep; treme penalty will be inflicted on all cats The disease w ~sted but not eradi- | ; , raged f lecture oes
As owner of this city, were married here|not confined to the premises of their lo a Sease Was arrested but not eradi- | nounced as an assured fact, but there jy Based for a lec : \ - sca
woreut by the police the! to-day and left for Cape May, N. J. | owners or held in leash when on prome- cated, oor | anlgaty Mr ae nous about it. See EERE | FOR A HARMONY CANDIDATE.
rat ‘ ‘rong | rx ne ‘ ' y fi j As tu when Col, Roosevert wiil react : | _——
gathered 3.000 strong in Pu- Miss Prager was a student at the/nade. The law for the impounding of | ie 4 acn BOHEMIANS ELECT A WOMAN —
tiall, Pather Cross, acting Mayor geminary last year. dogs provides for the release of the animals | KAISER BARS NUDE ART. ‘ hicago tho prophets did not Want to go eee | Hawkes and Cummins the Ticket
Garvetson and the Sheriff ad- eee upon the payment of a fee of $2. No such | on on ee but a af Roosevelt mass Her to Parliament, bat Gover- Most Talked About.
fthe men and counselled deliber- j leniency, however, is extended to the | Two Pictares Removed From Dreas| Meeting at the Auditorium Theatre is ro
Murther precauudions were taken STRIKE VOTE EXPECTED. cat den Exhibition. ‘on the books for Monday night and the nor May Refuse Ratification, | CnHicaGco, June 13.--The settlement of
Coring all the galoons in the in- Bat Pennsylvania Employees Dee! The regulation was adopted, the Com- Saecial abla Dasadich (asin kon Colonel is expected to be the principal pect Corl mesnein ig ae Are ’ the Missouri contests in the national com-
| section and sending  dep- mands Will Be Arbitrated, missioners say, for the prevention of the | prrepen, June 13.—There was much | *'t?action, Vienna, June 18, a Pe aay vat | tmnittee to-day and the quick adjourn-
heritfs Into the tenement districts ; |epread of rabies. Nine feline sufferers | aurpelen here to-day when two paintings | The mon who have the meeting in| len elected to the Bohemian Provinols ment of the committee after these con-
cmpt to quiet the disturbers, It Although the traintnen, conductors | ¢e4n, this disease, accused of having bite | ae. ii hd Otto Greiner, both | C28"8e are Medill McCormick, Alexan- Parliament to represent Jungbunglau. see hea { dacided have ied
toling everywhere that the and firemen of the Pennsylvania Railroad ten eleven persons, have been impounded | ? acd ae ae cee oe eis the | der H. Revell, manager of the Roosevelt She is the first woman ever elected to thie | tests had Deen | ecide ae ed to state-
‘cols trouble is a part of an organiza. ate now taking a secret ballot on the | gince July 1, 1911 las Guar ger eghibitce on th. ‘ground of Western department, and Coagressman body and there is much curiosity as to | ments to-night in both the Taft and Roose~
! 1 s f , * . : ) o Oe ‘ 1 A @) 2 ’ , . > . i » G i i
1 echeme decided upon by officials of Question of a bem ° its lies east of | 4 proposition to place a tax on cats was tanrontiety. Willlam Kent of California. When Mr, What attitude the Governor of Bohemia/ yelt camps that within a day or so, espe-
Industrial Workers of the World, It Pitteburg over er . . at ie fo the under consideration by a former Board | oth artists are of high rank, especially Revell and Medill McCormick were at Will take in the matter. .,..| cially after the committee completes its
nown that representatives of this electrification o ete wt Ane | of Commissioners several years ago, but | Kjinger, who is alvo a sculptor. Klinger, | O28? Bay last week st was sald that! It is expected he will refuse to ratify | voy on Saturday night, several of the
wre working among the strikers, Will probably vote for a strike, a repre- | at with serious opposition on the part a Na Groene k they talked to the Colonel about coming the election on the ground of sex. ‘eral R raik ta
ive of the eastern railroads in th es whose “Christ on the Cross” was banned | . : vk lented hor | Taft leaders and several Roosevelt leaders
on to-day 1,500 girls and women sentative o ath ‘efor (Of the Washington Cat Club, of which hore some years ago, protested vehe-|'® the convention, The Auditorium) Frau DUNAAIANy 8-8 CANDIES ANLROF ill get together in conference for the
‘moored by the Perth Amboy Cigar city said yesterday that no one looks for | Mre. Henry 1. West, wife of Commissioner | mently againat the removal meeting was originally scheduled for | 4nd former actress. Will get tog ki Sainn nar
“ / at Johbnetone and Neville streets | 4 strike. ; . West, was president. | It is reported that the pictures were Friday night and its postponement lent purpose of taking steps to bring har-
“ork because an Increase of 15, The cepresenia inves of the 25,000 men Geecneen ieenianteeninntnenannt | taken aut atthe Gxhibition bu ordas of substance to the report that the Colonel AN ATTACK ON BARNES mony out of the situation.
fr cent. In their wages was refused, | wie pate ih vice tare erika tae WOMAN NABBED FOR SPEEDING. | the Kaiser, who said he would not like to! W/!! be on hand as principal speaker, ae Inasmuch aa the Taft men are bound
7 ; ; ; e VC , i , . . » SAA ' 7 ; :
nade no domonatration. Dut went | ori geeks more conferences with the of- | Se have his sons see some of the pictures : This ae ng SOAS on hing “ pF Roosevelt's Manager Isaues Pam-| to beat Col. Roosevelt in this convention
to their homes. Following this 7 . * n Broadway With by! j > axrhihiii the opening of the convention will be . - “ ‘ : ’ #
- sn hands on the northeast divi. ficials of the company and believe that a! Arrested o é' Baby | in the exbibition, about the most spectacular incident In| Dblet About Albany Investigation, | if possible, and inasmuch as Col. Roose
nof the Lehigh Valley Rallroad laid Strike will be averted, It will take about and Crate of Chickens, | ee ~ the pre-convention campaign. It will!  Cyrcaco, June 13.--The Roosevelt head- | velt's champions are @etermined to de-
their picks and shovels because | ten days to complete the balloting. Mre. Robert Davis of Edgewater, N. J. ! PRIVATE CAR WITH AEROPLANE pave ail ME eTatthiogs & Beh! Hoonevolt quarters handed out thousands of pam- | feat the renomination of Taft if possible,
n't get an increase of 25 cents — The principle involved is that when the | and Bridgehampton, 1. 1, was arrested | ‘ peporta had it to-day, that bands have pblets to-night containing an attack on | and for the further reason that the op-
bh their pay. ; Pennsylvania Railroad leases its lines to, with her chauffeur, her four-months-old Sn been hired and rooms engaged for the William Barnes, Jr., chairman of the | nosing forces are'so evenly divided, dele-
ifternoon the strike had spread another company it does not necessarily | daughter and a crate of fifty YOUNR | Lucks Baldwin's Daughter to tide Colonel's own oceupaney, Republican State committee of New York. | ates who desire to win the elections next
ttenville, Where 450 laborers em-. Supply the service. The Pennsylvania chickens on a charge of driving her auto- | Mo Ecce cL inietk | Those who hold that the Colonel CAN~ ‘These pamphlets are headed: & .
; : eee (oe A ilroad has a contract which cannot , ‘A : nnd Bly here She Listech, not be nominated say that this meeting ‘7 eo ; fall for Governors and State and munic-
iy the Atantic Terra Cotta Com- Ratlroad » mobile twenty-three miles an hour on) Rul OVA ARTTRATAREE RagsiOD ot a Bolte Boss Barnes—from the unanimous | nee
hans quit, ‘The men held a meeting In be jersningied until after B year's notice) Broadway yesterday. ‘The car wax in) Lox ANGeLrs, June 13.—Mre. Clara crs convention, ‘This theory, was ade Peport of the special committee of the New | ipal offices have no hesitation in ex-
with the Hudson and 4 Ooms! , villi arne aldwin Stocker. ¢ or of | vance , Ta ors, ty . inte investi ini oth Taft an
1 Hall and named a committee pany, providing that the latter company (charge of William H. Barnes. Mrs. Baldwin Stocker, a daughter of the late vanoed by the Fatt followers, aes York Senate appointed to investigate the | pressing the opinion that both Taft and
R ‘nh oto confer with Supt. HC, employ all the men on the trains, Davis had left Edgewater and Wan on her Wh. J. (Lucky) Baldwin, has gone to Chi- | ue a¢ Fe snanave ‘ aeoet hae ver, de- City Council of Albany, and Shall Boss | Roosevelt should be set aside and a har-
nier on a settlement of their, The Pennsylvania employees now de- | way to her Long Island place. She was) cago intent on uring a part of her share | ' e xin tod siren hy ‘and that “the 1 ate Barnes of the corrupt city of Albany mony candidate selected. This opinion is
” noes, Tf Was announced that if mand that eight of the fifteen crews on) to pick up her husband at Columbus) of the $10,008,000 which Baldwin teft to; } 4 ny Tees h ste rao v meet- “control the national convention?” :
: $ Manhattan trains he made... \ ° re ing ow start the stampede to the ahs | very freely spoken to-night and is grow-
sander did not receive the men the Baaon BAe ae Mee eee inniot Cirele, his chiidren in the purchase of a private) jrooseveit flag. By Monday night the Other pamphlets were handed out by Y
f* committee would go to New York OF eine ihe policy of the Pennsylvania) Policeman Oxenhirt of the motor squad car that vill have among its novel features Roosevelt fection will know the results Senator Dixon and his lieutenants which | ing hourly. ; ‘ :
ret the officials there, Railroad as to its future electrification, | said the machine was going twenty-three | a compartment for an eeroplane and a) of the contests, and they can toll too, contain an epitome of the report to the The favorite ticket heard to-night is
Seorly allof those who are on strike | PHILADELPHIA, June 13,-Jsudge Bregy | miles between Kighty-third and Seventy-| landing stage on the root of the car, | Baw abront # bon we Ratoie eaten, Senate at Albany Last spring charging! embodying this hope for harmony is |
€ ians or Poles, many of them in CO nee it eas pure thie afternoon | third streets, The chauffeur said he was} ‘The car will have other novel features ipnis knowledge wil. pave much to do! Mr. Barnes with being “the most CON-| Hughes for President and Cummins for j
nfomitar with the Bugieh lannuage, | TOrAee RO Ere phil thes en inate ‘anxious to get to Bridgehampton, which} and luxuries, according to her friend®.! with the character that the Monday | #pieuous bene ficiarv of graft, publio! President os
iMeult to learn just what brought which would) restrain the federated | i8 some distance out on the island, before She expects to be abletohave the car’ night meeting assumes, extravagance and raiding of the municipal | Dencsns teneah of idaha heatd thie ii
trikes or just what the men) brotherhood of the three railroad unions | it got dark because of the young baby. shunted on a siding where she wants to, There seems to be no doubt that if treasury” of that city. eo Senate : A
i “omen whe are striking want, trom ordering a referendum strike vote However, he was fined $5 by Magistrate | gtop and then take cross-country fl ights | the ¢ olonel talks in the Auditorium; The pamphlets aleo contain an attack | oR —_
. wide | ‘on the lines of the Pennsylvania Rail-! Harris in the West Side police Ot. | te accanlane |Thatre his speech will be in’ the, on Mr. Barnes by ex-President Roosevelt. Outside two-berth rooms, 82; inside, with elec-
* “ho speak English at all make pad” ‘The injunction was refused on a| Mre. Davis was not required to appear. | °Y Pp ea \ nature of a personal appeal to the, | Senator Dixon announced that every | i 4c"fans, 31. Great White Sicel Steamships
known that they want more money Supreme Court decision that there were | Mr. Davis paid the fine and the chauffeur; She has received $250,000 from the es- | edclegatcs against the attitude of the delegate and alternate to this convention | yassachusetts and Bunker Hill. Direct Let ween
$n better hours, in property rights involved. | burried out ofcourt, .. tate as a part of her share, national committees. | wou id be eupplied with these pamphlets. | New York ead Bostom. See adv.—Adr,