ff

a.

 

,
.

i
WEATHER FORECAST.

Cloudy,

tobably rain to-day ; to-morrow

rain, moderate north winds.

Highest temperature yesterday, 53; lowest, 42.
Detalied weather reports on editorial page.

——

VOL. _ VOL. LXXXVI. —NO. 218.

 

CHALONER, NC NOT |77TH’S PARADE TO BE
MAKESHIFT: BAKER IS
OVERRULED BY MARCH

“LOONY’ NOW,
SEES 5TH AVE.

Revels in Transformation
of Thoroughfare in His
22 Years Absence.

CITY MOST BEAUTIFUL

 

 

 

Back From Banishment He
Marvels at Changes
Made for Better.

 

BEATS PARIS AND LONDON |

 

But Our Girls With Bobtail
Hair and Skirts Conflict
With Art, He Asserts.

 

Back here after twenty-two years,
“another year,” as he expressed it,
John Armstrong Chaloner got his first;
look at the modern New York yester-
day afternoon. And Mr. Chaloner’s
gift for expression did not fail him
when he told of. his feelings in his
rooms in the old Brevoort Hotel last
evening.

Mr. Chaloner was in a hurry, for his
attorneys were waiting to consult with}
him in regard to the trial of a libel!
action for which United States Judge)
Hand permitted him to come here, de-
spite the fact that the New York
courts have adjudged him insane. But
he crowded into a few minutes con-
wersation enthusiasm and epigram
epough about New York to supply the
town’s poetic boosters for a generation |
to come. He's enthusiastic about it all
all except the women with bobtailed
hair and abbreviated skirts.

“The New York girl is charming,” he
said, “but God help her costurne. When
I was carried off to my other star
twenty years ago women had two things |
—bust and waist. Now when I come}
back, so help me, they have neither.
The most beautiful thing about the fe-|
male form divine, its curves, is wiped
cut by the silly fashion of the day.

“Bobtailed skirts and bobtailed hair.
They go together. And both of them are

as lacking in dignity as a_ bobtailed
horse. Nothing that’s bobtailed can be
dignified. I blame most of it on a Pari-
sian man milliner here, who ts the Bol- |
shevist of fashion just as the futurists |
are the Bolshevists of art. The futurists |
have no beauty
they say heauty should not be expressed.
They can’t draw themselves,

they abolish it from their system.
can't say art, for they are ugly,
and brutal—and that’s not art.

weak’

Girls’ Feet Should Be Like Mice.

“L wonder if women realize what these
short, tight skirts do to their feet. Most
women's feet are too big and nearly all
of them are ugly in themselves. They
were never meant for display.
had it right when he said they should
be like little mice peeping from beneath
a@ petticoat.

“I'm a cynic,”

he said. “Not a pessl-

mist, for pessimists have given up hope!

of ever finding their ideal. I'm a cynic
who hasn't found his ideal yet,
hopes for it
cal by

treated me. But I'm a New Yorker. On

the maternal side 1 go way back to old,

Peter Stuyvesant. I was born
shadow of the old Astor Library in
Lafayette place, in the home of Willlam
B. Astor, and no one has a better right
than | to the pride I feel in the glories
of New York.

“Why, when I left her twenty
ago the city
awkward girl of 14. She gave promise
of beauty, but that’s all. To-day when
I come back to her it is like suddenly

years

coming upon that lank fourteen-year-old |

girl as a ravishing belle of 19. She's
glorious, stunning.”

Since his sensational
Bloomingdale eighteen years ago, and
Mr. Chaloner says he's the only man
who ever successfully escaped from that
institution, he has been living quietly
on his farm near Charlottesville, Va.
The Virginia courts have adjudged him
gane and given him control of a cer-
tain amount of his property.

The New York courts, however, have
always let the decree against his sanity |
stand and he has never been able to re-};
‘urn to the city because at any moment
here he could have been picked up and
recommitted to Bloomingdale,

Comes Here for Libel Suit.

He has sued a newspaper for its com-

ment on the death of a man who was |
Vir-

killed in Mr. Chaloner's house tn
ginia some time ago and Judge Hand
hag given him a writ of prohibition for-
bidding the authorities to touch him dur-
ing the trial,
five days after.
He arrived tn New York Friday night
and went direct to the Brevoort. Thence
he sallied forth yesterday afternoon for
a drive up Fifth avenue, through
Park, down Broadway,
drome and hack to his hotel. He has
not seen the other members of his fam-
iiy, “Sheriff Bob" Chanler, to whom he
sent the famous “Who's loony now?”
telegram following the latter's marriage

to Lina Cavalieri and the making over ,

of a large part of his foriune to the diva,
nor Louis Stuyvesant Chanler, who was
once Lieutenant-Governor. It is not
l.kely that he will see them,

“There is a gulf fixed between me and
those members of my family,” he said
decisively when asked about it last night.

It was on their petition that he was
adjudged insane.

But his aversion for hig family did not
dull his enthusiasm for their city,

“Fifth avenue is magnificent,” he said.
“It la more magnificent than the Boule-
vard des Jtaliens in Paris, I know Paris
and London like the palm of my hand,
and I know that New York is hand-
somer than either of them or any part
of either of them. It is on such a grand
scale, so original, so imposing and so
beautiful! Parie may be more uniform,
but what she gains in symmetry
loves in originality.

“When Benjamin Constant, the French
painter, was here in 1891 I asked him
what he thought of Fifth avenue between

Continued on Eleventh Page.

 

 

 

in their souls; therefore |

therefore |
they say that drawing is weakness, and |
1}

The poet |

but still!
And I've been made cyni- |
the way New York's laws have}

in the)

was like a little girl—an:

escape from?

for five days before and

the |
to the Hippo- :

she |

+44

 

 

 

“We Cannot Guarantee Di-
vision Turnout,’ Says
Chief of Ste Staff,

ALL UNITS TO APPEAR

As Each Regiment or Bat-
talion Arrives It Will
March Up Avenue.

RAINBOW FETE ALSO OFF

| pam Galahad

| Famous Organization Will Not
Be Reviewed at Capital

as Planned.

 

 

| Special Despatch to Tan Sux,
Wasuinoron, April 5. — Secretary
sige who overruled the decision of
| Gen. March, Chief of Staff, and decided
| to permit the Seventy-seventh Divi-
}8ion to parade in New York, appears
to have been overruled himself by Gen.
March and the question of the parade
is again “up in the air.” By way of
compromise, it is probable that some
sort of a makeshift parade will be ar-
| ranged.

“The Seventy-seventh Division pa-
|rade in New York is still a matter of
| adjustment,” Gen. March said to-day.

“The Department wants to permit the
| parade of as large units as possible in
each city where the men come from and
where the people have a right to see
them. We do not purpose, however, to
congest the demobilization camps around
| New York or any other port by holding
| divisions for any length of time. It

| would simply mean diverting ships to

other ports where they did not have fa-
; cilities to handle the men or slowing up
| demobilization from Frante.
“As a matter of fact, the Twenty-
i seventh Division occupied our camps
; around New York more than three weeks
when we expected that they would not
| be there more than five days and it cost
ie $975,000 to do it. With the best will
| in the world in this matter we cannot
| Suarantee a division parade of the Sev-
enty-seventh, but we will guarantee that
every single unit of that division, that
| 1s the regiments, battalions and com-
| Panies, will parade through the streets
j of New York city if they want to have
| them.”

Officers reflecting Gen. March's view
‘insist that Secretary Baker's announce-
ment that there will be a parade of the
Seventy-seventh will be only partly true.
“Just as Gen. Mareh originally an-
nounced, it will not be a real division
parade,” they say. On the other hand
| those who support Mr. Baker's an-
nouncement of yesterday declare that
regiments of the Seventy-seventh will
parade so that the Secretary will be able

| to justify his statement.

Mr. Baker's promise to have the
| Forty-second (Rainbow) Division pa-
rade at the national capital also has

been overruled by Gen. March,

“The Department has found it neces-
sary definitely to decide that we Sanne
parade the Forty-second Division
Washington,’ Gen. March said. “The
original plan of having the Forty-second
here was based upon the fact that this
division was composed of units from all
‘over the United States and it was pro-
posed that the President would review
the division himself, but ag time has
gone on the President finds it impossible
to be here when the Forty-second ar-
rives and the Secretary of War himself
will be absent,

“It would be necessary to retain the

| Givision in camp for entirely too much
| tlme to make it possible to parade that
| division here, so we have notified Gen.
Pershing by cable yesterday that this
! @iyision would not be paraded in Wash-
| ington.”
The Rainbow Division will be brought
i back to Camp Meade and later each unit
will be sent to its home camp to be de-
mobilized. Regiments and smaller units
will be paraded in the principal cities of
ltheir home States if this
ranged.

The entire division is expected in this
country before May 1, Gen. March an-
| nounced, under the present pit plan,

‘DRAFT BOARDS ; HERE |
CALL FOR PARADE |

\Conboy and Colleagues Say It
Is Imperative.

 

 

The doors of Secretary of War Bak-
\ers office were persistently banged al.
day yesterday by United States Sena-

Continued on Tenth Page.

$432,093.91 Is Top
Reached by Fund To-day

BRIEF resume, but not by

any means a story with ao
diagram and tables of figures, is
published on page 1, section 4, to
show the wonderful vitality of
THE SUN Tobacco Fund, which
goes ahead with its work of
supplying American soldiers in
the Army of Occupation and

 

 

billeted on the eastern frontier
of France.
Included in new contributions

are gifts from a half dozen of the
faithful ‘regulars’ whose _ in-
terest in the smoke fund con-
tinues to be keen and should
serve as example to others to
come forward with the money
gifts which make the tobacco
gifts certain.

WARNING! THE SUN To-
BACCO FUND has no connection
with any other fund, organiza-
tion or publication, It employs
no agents or solicitors.

 

can be ar- |

 

NEW YORK, — SUNDAY, APRIL 6, 1919.— Copyright, 1919, by the Sun Printing and Publishing Association,

 

 

 

 

BUT PHYSICIAN
FORBIDS WORK

President’s Condition Pre-
cludes Participation in
Peace Council.

| HOUSE STILL

Brest, carrying the Division | <

Headquarters and the units at- Pe Will Resume claimed in Chief City
Conference on Italian of Bavaria.

The departure of the Forty- |)
second is the first divisional

Question To-morrow. | a |
- 'LOOK TO THE RUSSIANS

movement of troops for home
/ koe RY |

from the American area of oc-
ee ILLNESS DELAYS PLANS|
|A

 

First Rainbow Division

Units Quit the Rhine

By the Associated Press. |

 

REDS IN MUNIGH
ASSUME REINS

ACTING |

OBLENZ, April 5.—The Rain-
bow Division to-day began
saying godd- bye to ,the Rhine.
Soon after 10 o’clock this morn-
ing the first train pulled out for

C

 

Soviet Government Is Pro-

ppeal Made for Association
of Hungarian Bolshevists
in Big Revolt.

—

hree trains will leave the sta-
tion near Remagen daily until
April 11, when the last of the
Rainbows vill duit the nm It || Hint That Withdrawal From
is estimated the entire division
will be on the Atlantic a few days Conference Has Diplomatic

later. | Nature Is Groundless.

TROOPS RETURN
AT FULL STRIDE.

All Combat Divisions deci
|] President Wilson's
First to Seventh Regulars ‘|| physician, says:
to Be Back by July 1.

|
|
|

 

 

 

 

 

Spa, Belgium, April 5.—A Soviet re-
public has been proclaimed in Munich,
Bavaria, according to a wireless mes-
| Sage received here by Mathias Erz-
berger, head of the German armistice |
commission. The proclamation was
' issued at 6 o'clock Friday night.

Gemeseninescnens

 

Wilson Just Escapes
Bad Influenza Attack

By the Associated Press.
PARIS, April 5—A_ statement
issued at 4 o'clock this after-
noon by Rear Admiral Grayson,

 

 

By the Associated Prese.
Avossunc, Bavaria, April 4 (de-|
layed).—The Workmen's and Soldiers’ |
Council here has appealed to the Cen- |
| erat Council at Munich to establish a

personal |

“The President has come

 

 

 

 

acipanaiupiibans ee ae oat by | connection with the Hungarian and)
j A M | Russian Soviet republics.

914. ¢ y { going to bed at once by my |
21 4,348 LEFT IN M ARCH direction he has apparently ; A general strike in all the indus-
= escaped, but still is neces- ; tries of the city, to begin Saturday

. . ” | =

Of 632,000 Who Have De-. sarily confined to his bed. area was decided upon by the

parted, More Than Half By the Associated Press. |
Parts, April 6.—President Wilson | Lonpon, April 5.—A wireless despatch |

Went Through Brest.

from Berlin says that the Bavarian
Government, In fulfilment of its plan for
| the socialization of the mining industry,
) will arrange for the production of food,

was “slightly better” to-day, an offi-

cial bulletin on his condition said. His |

cold, however, was still pronounced |
COURS) Tees @tentiente eee vee. | enough to cause a slight temperature. | houses, clothing and materials.

Paris, April 5.—The homeward! fear Admiral Grayson, the Presi-' The Government is also considering
movement of the American Expedi-/ Gent's physician, spent a greater part a project for the socialization of the
tionary Force attained its full stride) o¢ the forenoon with the patient and Press, in which advertisements will be
last month and is maintaining it very | reported that satisfactory progress was | ven only to ofMfcial organs and news-
well, so that by July 1 all the combat | being made. The Admiral held out KG papers which are being used for pur-

|
divisions except the First to the Sev- | cat poses of public enlightenment. The
| hope, however, of active participation ; newspapers already are adopting a de-

enth Regulars, who will compose the | py the President in the deliberations | | termined attitude ogainst this plan
army of occupation if there is one| of the Council of Four before Monday. which would stifle all but the Socialist
then, will be back in the United States. | Mr. Wilson was restless the first half | | papers.

The Thirty-sixth, Eighty-first and | of last night, but slept soundly until |
Sixty-eighth, from the South and mid- | after 9 o’clock this morning.
dle West, will be back in the United When the President awoke it was an-
States by the end of the month. The j nounced that he was better. He might
Twenty-sixth, Thirtyefifth, Fifty-sec- sit up later jn the day it was sald.
ond, Seventy-seventh and Eighty-sec- | Discussions of the problems incident

ond divisions will be either home or ‘© Peace continued to-day, Col. House
representing the President at the meet-

 

 

Special Cable Despatch to Tae Sry. 1

Munticnu, April 5.—Addressing a meet-
ing convoked by the Central Council
yesterday Dr, Wadler declared that the
| task of the next few days was the
abolition of parties, the unity of the
entire proletariat and a general strike
proclamation in conjunction with the

on the way there. | ine ith tha Etemiers GP Brancd, Great Russian and Hungarian proletariat.
During M 2 ; pa ee, Great Phis sentiment was loudly 1 d.
eucaitina ne tat rg ponte eee Britain and Italy. President Niakiaoy of “Tks Genttal
al & the estimate, which was 212,-' Gol House asserted that President! . i aed : ‘
000. During April 221,000 are expected | wiison was feeling cheerful during the Council said that the north Bavarian
to sail. In March the 332d Infantry.| Visit of the Seceatane aad Sicate Heo | Proletariat would thwart the separation
y an | eee movement of north Bavari .
which participated in the final Italian! .a, sitting up in bed, Col, House said, oS avarian capitalism
victory, sailed from Genoa. Since the he proclamation of the Bavarian Soviet,

and probably would be able to resume
his place in the council on Monday.

A meeting of the League of Nations
Commission will be called for Tuesday
night, if the President is well enough to
attend, for the final passage of the re- |
vised covenant. Reports that the Ital-
jans intend withdrawing are dismissed
as groundless

After a visit by Col. House this after-
noon Admiral Grayson again closed the |

,he added, would probably have an ef-
‘fect throughout Germany and result in
the outbreak of a world revolution.

armistice was signed eighteen divisions,
| including a number split up for replace- |
ments, have returned to the United;
States. Of the total of 632,000 then,
more than half sailed from Brest.

 

Bavaria is the second largest State in
Germany, having in 1910 a population of
| almost 7,000,000 and an area of 29,292

square miles.

The former Bavarian
was the first outside of

 

‘FOUR U. S. AIRMEN
KILLED IN FRANCE,

Royal House

the Hohenzol- |

 

| lern family to lose its throne, King Lud-
| Two of Victims Are From President's door to callers, insisting that wig and the Wittelsbach oats boa!
i New York City. the patient must not be disturbed more! deposed by the Bavarian Diet.
Beaks desea maa than is absolutely necessary. | Relations between Bavaria and the}
Wievas, Actl 4 (delayed). einer While the afternoon bulletin showed rest of Germany have not been cordial |
Roderick Cols, Ghesrver, of Nesbit, jan improvement in President Wilson $) since the revolution last November. On
, | condition, all precautions are being taken! the overthrow of the dynasty, Kurt

 

| Miss, ; Brayton Nichols, pilot, Worcester,

;against anything which might lower his Eisner, a Socialist and an opponent of |

 

‘Mass.; Charles Volk, ? | j
city, and Aosta - . a =e vitality. the Majority Socialist now in control |
ere ; 2 John Salerno, New The President during the day sat upa’ in Prussia and Germany, gained the)
York city, American aviators, were) Littl i chatted with Mrs. Wilsc but | |
killed Wednesday in an accident near |!ttle and chatted with Airs son, but/ reins of power. Eisner several times
Treves. contented himself with receiving from, threatened to take Bavaria out of me

‘Col. House a brief account of the pro-| German union and up to the time of his!
ceecings of the Council of Four. | assassination on February 21, he cons |

While callers were not permitted mes- | tinued to denounce the German Govern-!
sages in large numbera were received,' ment. |
extending sympathy both personal and Reports early this week from neutral!

An airplane squadron was flying at an
altitude of 6,000 feet when two planes
crashed together. In falling they struck
{a third plane, causing a forced landing
) and injuring the the piles and observer,

 

 

SMUTS ARRIVES “AT. BUDAPEST, cia! trom friends, the vartous mem-!| sources were that Bela Kun, the Foreign
a * bers of the conference and diplomatic | Minister in the new Hungarian Com-
| munist Government, had arrived in)

Entente Forces Vienna to Act to
Shut Out Bolsheviki.

| F Lonpon, April 5.—-Gen. Jan Christian
Smuts, the special envoy of the Allies
to investigate the situation in Hungary,
| arrived at Budapest Friday.

representatives

President Wilson has displayed keen
‘interest in the proceedings of the coun-'
cil since his enforced absence from its
sessions and likewise in the attitude of
the Italiana relative to the disposition
of Fiume. The suggestion that his {Il-
ness had something of a “diplomatic”
aspect found prompt refutation at the
Paris “White House" and likewise in,
the council! chamber Nevertheless, his
absence from the council just now has
created an interesting situation.

It is known that the President had
made clear his position on reparations,
the disposition of the left bank of the}
Rhine, the Saar Valley and Fiume—a
;position which was not shared by all of
the conferees—so that when his illness |

forced his withdrawal from the proceed- NO REVENUE STAMPS

Munich, the Bavarian capital, to advise
with the leaders of the Bavarian Gov-|
ernment. Since the death of Eisner the/
Bavarian Government has been under}
control of Socialists of a more radical}
type. |

A despatch from Augsburg, the thi rd|
largest city in Bavaria. dated Friday,
{said that the Workmen's and Soldiers’
Council there had appealed to the Central
Bavarian Council at Munich to establish |
relations with the Hungarian and Rus- |
sian Soviet republic. The council ae
called a general strike in Augsburg.

Herr Hoffmann, a Radical Socialist, has
been Premier of Bavaria since the en

Vienna, via Amsterdam, April 5
Entente Mission here has demanded of
the German Austrian Government that
the Bolsheviki sent by the Hungarian
| Republic to Vienna be expelled. German

| Austria has requested that Hungary re-
}call these men,

 

VON ECKHARDT’S SHIP
HALTED BY BRITISH

 

! of Eisner.

 

 

 

 

Spy Chief Though IsPermitted nxs there seemed little chance for an ON 23-4 BREWS |
Later to Proceed Hom early agreement. It has been suggested, |
e. jhowever, that the substitution of Col. | ae
, : House for the President at the council! a
|_ Purmourm, England, April 5,—Theitinines te affording an opportune ns Neer Beer Makers Get Set
Duten steamship Nieww Amsterdam, on /jmpressing that body through a new back at Capital. |
lege te former German Minister to source with the American attitude and me
beware Pe i Rolchardt, {s a passenger, that this might serve to bring about a WASHINGTON, April 5 Teens |
| afte havi ne evening for Rotterdam, change in the position with regard to stamps for beer’ containing 2% per cent.
t r having been detained for a consid- these questions. / '
“tne time by the British authorities, | Neen oe ie of alcoho! will not be sold by revenue |

The steamship, which left New Yor):
Pe March 26, was detained without any
| reason being given.

; The Nieuw Amsterdam arrived here Navy Experimenting With Them |
| Friday and landed mails and passen- ’
|gers, including mail and passengers for - Wear Cape May,
France. No one was allowed on board Special Despatch to Tun Bux,
the steamship as she lay here ArLantic City, April 5.—The Govern.
ee ase ment, through navy aviators and sub-
marine specialists, is trying out some
new devices for spotting submersibles |
from the air and for communicating
between two types of craft at Fenwick |
Island Light, near Cape May, according
to-reports received here to-day.

collectors pending receipt of an opinion
from Attorney-General Palmer’ as to
whether the Government should permit
the brewing of such beer, considering
‘t near beer, which may be manufac-
wired under a Presidential proclamation
‘Mr. Palmer's opinion is expected soon
by Internal Revenue Commissioner Ro-
per.
| ‘The revenue bureau's attitude, as ex-
plained to-night by officials, is that it
cannot afford to accept tax on the 2\%
per cent. product, which it considers at
present of doubtful legality. These offi- |
‘clals said the question had not been pre-
Experiments are kept under cover, | se nied formally to them, although pro-
patrols carefully watching against in-|tegts had been received from brewers at
terruption of observation by outsiders, | gy racuse, N. Y., that the revenue col-
New uses of wireless in manceuvres, in- | lector there had refused to sel] stamps
eluding guiding of submarines by! for such beer.
operators in seaplanes, is said to be one The collector's action had not been of.
of the experiments with which navy fictally recorded here, The brewers are
men have had great success*during the told that the bureau had reached no
past week. There are two high ranking | final decivion as to whether the manu-
officers in the party. facture of the beer should be permitted

NEW ANTI- U. BOAT DEVICES,

 

When Herr von Eckhardt and his
| family left New York on the Holland-
; America liner it was reported that the
‘allied Governments had granted safe
{conduct to the Minister.
| At the time the vessel sailed it was
{maid that on its arrival at Plymouth
‘it would be boarded by British and
| French secret agents, who would watch
‘the German voyagers until the liner
‘started for Rotterdam. i
| Herr von Eckhardt was in charge of
anti-American propaganda in Mexieo,
'He wan recalled py his Government De-
cember 21, and came to New York over-
land from Mexico city,

 

A
R

 

  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     

 

 

to Russia to Enter

desires reconciliation and has told
approaching nearer every day to t
mer dictator declared that he was
his own.

ALLIED TROOPS.
REPULSE REDS

Bolsheviki Suffer Crushing
Defeat at Hands of Arch-
angel Force.

THEY LEFT MANY DEAD
American Patrols and Artil-

lery Active on the Sector
Held by Them.

 

By the Associated Press.

ARCHANGEL, April 5.—The allied
forces, principally British and Russian,
operating in the Sredn Mekhrenga
sector delivered a crushing defeat yes-
ter8ay afternoon to a large Bolshevik
attacking party.

The Bolsheviki charged the allied
blockhouses, and the piles of Bolshe-
viki dead lying near them this morn-
ing indicated the severity of the
lorses.

In addition, the allied troops cap-
tured nearly 100 prisoners, including
a Bolshevik battalion commander and
his adjutant.

In the Bolshie-Ozerki sector American
patrols continue to harass the Bolshe-
viki. The allied guns are
shelling the town.

East of Obozerekayn, fifteer

Bolshie-Ozerki, the Bolsheviki
a considerable

niles east
of con-

centrated f

num of
raid

 

troops, but were repulsed Tr
near Sreqn Mekhrenga, west ot the
Dvina, the Allies carried out a raid in

which a number of the ou i were
killed and,seven were captured. In the
direction of Onego, the Bolsheviki con-

tinue to ehell the allied positions
Kleshive
The weather {s breaking in favor of

the Allies in the territory about Obozer-

skaya.

The approach of spring is more dis-
advantageeus to the Bolsheviki andj
their forces which advanced in an effort

to cut the allied lines of com mu ees a
particularly on the Dvina River ctor,
must withdraw or be isolated hen the
thaw sets in.

There are no signs, however, that the
i{ce {s ready to break up on the principal
rivers, but many of the smaller streams

already are free of ice. It is only a
question of a few weeks before naviga-
tion will be possible for the allied moni-

tors and gunboats

A Bolshevik prisoner, questioned re-
garding the morale of the Red forces, |
said to-day:

“The soldiers of our regiments are

mobilized peasants and the officers are
} volunteer communists. The sp irit of the
soldiers is low and everybody ia ‘fed up’
with the communists. The soldiers are

treated very severely and are shot for
feaving their positions without permie-
xion. A new system of discipline has
;been inaugurated, different ranks and
; distinctions being reestablished, and sol
diers must salute on pain of death

Qur men are suffering from typhoid and!
in|

look upon the situation as beir
which the peasants are

one

4

against the Bol-

sheviki. Along the road are posts gar-
risoned by Chinese, who search all
travellers and take everything they can
find.’

| FINNISH TREACHERY
IN NORTH IS FEARED |

| Maynard Takes Rnevactic Ac. |

tion South of Murmansk.

By the ed Press
LoNpDoN, April 5 An offic
ment dealing with the operations
Murmansk and
to-night,
“Gen,

fesociat

‘ial state-

Archangel fronts, issued
Bays:
Maynard is taki
action to deal with
which {s causing anxiety
south of Murmansk. Rein
of infantry and marines have been
rapidly moved down the railway line,
and it is hoped they may succeed in
nipping in the bud the mutinous ten-
dency among the Finnish troops who
form part of Gen. Maynard's forces
The object of these latter is ieved
to be to effect a junction with the
Bolsheviki

“The Archangel situation un-
changed, The Bolshevik! have not at-
tacked after thelr recent disastrous
failures,”

Important developments on the Mur-
mansk front in northern Russia may be
expected in a few days, owing to a
threatened defection of Finnish troops,
according to the Mail, It is sald that it
was to meet this danger that American
detachments were sent on two American
erulsers, which will rea< Murmansk |
early next week.

President Wilson

ng energetic

situation
120 miles
forcements

the

bel

is

h

to land with the troops,

British relief forces have gone on board

Continued on Eleventh Page.

86 PAGES.

WILSON BETTER, TREATY NOT READY FOR 2 WEEKS; —
AUSTRIAN CRISIS CALLS FOR SPEED;
AGREEMENT NEAR ON REPARATIONS

 

Vom ee; ee ee ee ee SN
Kerensky, Now Hiding in London, May Go

 

Special Wirelees Despatch to Tum Scx.
Copyright, 1919; all rights reserved.

ARIS, April 5.—Alexander Kerensky, former Premier and dictator
of Russia, who has been hiding in a London suburb, where it is
said he has been making an exhaustive study of a new social doctrine
called Sovietism, may return to Russia soon and become the holder
of a portfolio of some kind in the Bolshevik Government.
According to a despatch in the Echo de Paris from Stockholm,
Kerensky has telegraphed the Soviet Government in Russia that he

heavily }

at |

on the!

is reported to have}
ordered the sailors of the two cruisers!
if necessary. |

 

In Greate?
ats etn York.

PRICE FIVE CENTS

 

 

 

 

Big Four Expected to Reach
the Bolshevik Cabinet Decision on War Claims ,
in Week, ,

'VIENNA A NEW WORRY,

Collapse There Would
Bring Bolshevism to
Very Doors of Ttaly.

Premier Lenine that his ideas are
he Bolshevik conception. The for-
ready to accept the new gospel as

HUNGARY’S OUTLOOK BAD

v mee There Denounces
ue of Nations as Al-
ge of ayes

|
|
|
By LAURENCE HILLS
Btafl’ Correspondent of Tae Sen.

GERMANS YIELD
ONDANZIG POINT fcrrrar

t | chance that the Coancil of Four may
complete its labors by next Saturday,
April 12. Predictions of this kind
have to be discounted because of
what has regularly happened here,
but after to-day’s two meetings of the

15] council, which discussed reparation,

a statement was made that the Indica-
| tions now pointed strongly to the set-

Foch Tells Teutons Future of| tiement of these questions in one mora!

City Is Treaty and Not an week. It will then require a week

ioe to draft the treaty.
Armistice Matter. The fact that the same prediction

comes from French and British
By ike Aisotiatad Biaad: | sources as well as American has given
Paris, April 5.—It was officially an-| ise to some real hope that the Coun-
nounced to-day that arrangements for| il of Four has decided to get to-
the landing at Danzig of Polish troops | Sether.
now in France and their tranaport | Another interesting feature of to-
along other lines proposed by Ger-|4day’s developments is a decision to
many had been arranged. hold a plenary session of the Peace
The result was made known with| Congress next week. This is to re-
the giving out of a communication re-|celve the labor report, but it indi-
ceived by the allied governments from| Cates apparently that all the reports
Spa, where Marshal Foch, the alliea/ of the special commissions will take
Commander in Chief, and his aldes | this course,
have been in conference with German
representatives. The communication
read:

“Spa, April 4. 10:30 P. M.—In con-
formity with the decision of the al-
lied and associated Governments the
right given the Allies by the armli-
stice convention signed November 11
to land the Polish troopa now in
France at Danzig has been completely
maintained,

“Furthermore, to hasten the arrival
of these troops in Poland it has been
decided to make use of other lines of

transport proposed by the German
(iovernment

“These arrangements as a whole are

Haller’s Troops Can Use Por
and Three Rail Routes to
Proceed to Poland.

FIRST TRAINS, APRIL

 

|

¥

Austrian Near Revolution,

The necessity for speed in the con-
ference is emphasized by develop-
ments external to the conference
itself. Austria apparently is about
to fall into the waiting arms of Bol-
shevism; alarming reports reached
the American mission to-day from of-
ficial sources in Vienna showing that
the Government is tottering and is
endeavoring to save itself by adopt-
ing a radical constitution, banishing
the Hapsburgs and confiscating their

 

ns Pa cian na ete feted aces property and abolishing titles and the
ments, Focu.”’ death penalty. These rumors have

Allies? Rights Maintained. j hot been confirmed.
from Spa state that the | Should Austria follow the example

lof Hungary Bolshevism would be

Agreeme nt with the Germans was s| igned |

at 7:30 o'clock last evening, after two, brought directly to the doors of Italy.
colitenendes during the day. The con-| Confidence here in the capacity of
vention formally maintained the right of; the Council of Four to deal with this
sani agregar o armlelios to eee increasingly menacing situation fs not
anzig, was further stipu- | increased by the announcement of the
lated that Gen. Haller's troops could be | Pansie compromise whieh is gener-
moved to Poland by other routes, the | F : ; : i ; ; ; -
first mentioned being the route by rail ally disappointing in that it reveals
to Coblenz, Gieszen, Cassel, Halle, Eilen- | apparently an unwillingness by the
burg, Kottbus, Lissa and Kalisz; secend, | President and Premier Lloyd George

by way of Stettin, and, to take a strong stand with the Ger-

| Despatches
1

|

|

!

|

|

|

|

|

third, by way of
|

Koenigsberg, mans on any proposition, the effect
Pe oe ek, = ae oe _ ‘being to give the Bolshevists and
| daily. If diMeulties of any SRA hig Gopmans.an idea ae the growing aie
| Marshal Foch reserves the right to do: | potence of he, Ailes of which thee
bark the men at Danzig, i propagandists are making active use
| After Marshal Foch had presentea| everywhere.

his statement to Mathias Erzberger, rep-

| resenting Compromise Causes Sorprise,

 

 

 

 

 

the German Government, the
latter formulated a counte “hil
I ] ter proposition Whi Hi > An ¢
| 4 : lile the Allies make an ap :
; to the effect that if difficulties arose from | ' : peat
the transport of the Polish troops across | &nce of having maintained their posi-
| Germany a fresh meeting should be held. thon in regard to the landing of Polish
betwee g hal Foe t
\ Ps een Marshal Foch and him to de-| troops at Danzig, vet under the ag -
cide what the consequences of any inci-| 5 '
dent phould he iment reached Danzig will pot be used
fe f the German proposal that they may
} reaty M j j
3 atters Are Barred. be landed at other ports is complied
| The counter proposition was rejected | with, ‘The hope had been entertained
Marshal Foch maintaining that despite sare that he ] .
| Erazberger's representations he had the here that the Allies, for the morat
right to debark the men at Danzig in | effect if for no other reason, would
ase f difficulties insist on carrying out the Danzig
| The question of the guarantees to be ‘i j
. ‘ ‘ rreat surprise was c
l given Germany regarding the future of plan, and great surprise was caused
Danzig, Marshal Foch informed the by the announcement that both with
German representative, had no place at} the Germans and the Bolshevists com-
this meeting, as they belonged in the } lans had 1 n ted
peace tres not the armistice j eromues plans had been adopted.
j ~~ President Wilson is trying to ran
1 By the Associated Presse the Peace Conference from his sick
COPENHAGEN, April 5.—A German ver- | bed. His illness has come at 2 mos
sion of the agreement reached at Spa! . t } t
regarding the transport of Gen. Haller’s unfortunate time, when penee ma
Polish troogs says that Marshal Foch | ters had reached 4 crisis here, but
j Promised to recommend that the British | it is hoped still thar he will be able
iBive freedom to German coastal ship- |, !
{ping for the duration of the passage of | ‘'” attend the meetings again by Mon
|} Polish troops through German territory, | day.
|
} After giving the various routes to be The Counei! of Four met this morn
{taken, the despatch says that the Ger- |, } ) f}
mans guarantee the complete safety of ine at his house and aga this atler
these routes. On the other hand meas- | noon, The morning session was de
ures ave e ake =
}u have heen taken that the troops | yore exclusive to the reparation
| being transported do nothing that might j
Jeause a disturbance among the popula. | formula, differences arising again
ition ;aver the method of division among
i . o the Allies Pina experts who
Bern, via Copenhagen, April 5 The \?
TrAnacart of PClRnIahaGbA renin eran ce met with the council were compelled
| to Poland under the agreement reached; to spend the tunel hi working out
at Spe il z 5 "he !
a ‘pa will begin on April 15. The) certain changes ternard Baruch
ransfer of the troops, it is estimated a . : ons ,
| will take about two months Vanee MeCormick und Thomas W
Lamont submitted these changes at
Germans to Ban State Charch, } the meeling this afternoon
i Paris, April 5. ~The Commission on The Cou l of Four still is stlek-
, Constitution of ‘the German National ' 2 ac
Assembly has adopted a clause stipulat ing to its general plin, as cabled to
| ing that there shall be no State church,; THE Sun, but new kinks are being
jad hf "|
s ir Sees ce
;& despate rom Weimar says, Sunday formed constantly, so that it can
{is maintained as a legal holiday
Re me hamily be said that much progress
Vote tek Academy a hnGae Filipinos’! was made this merning The pessi
By the Associated Presse. {mism still prevalent In many circles
Manprip, April 5.—The Spanish Royal! must be « ecounted by the faet tha
\eademy has decided to create a cor: | s } m lof Rp
lresponding membership for the Phili; levery member of 1 Councll of Four
vine Islands, t Was announced to-da } realizes that seas must be a
b oh