9.75
0 65
M4
"7

=~ See ©
: #2!

22ayk ues

82
wre #-

ars
S230

$332

v-
thy F

 
 

STEEL BOND CIRCULAR OUT.

$30,000,000 TO BE SPENT IMPROV-
; ING PLANTS.

 

 

Saving #1,.500,000 a Year tn Interest,
plus the Earning Power of the #50,-
000,000 Ralsed—Terms of Bubserip-
and Details of New Work.

Net

The long-expected preferred stock con-

version pin of the United States Steel
Corporation, held up by litigation for
months, Was brought out yesterday. Fol-
lowing the monthly meeting of the board of
directors of the Steel Corporation E. H.
Gary, chairman of the executive com-
ttee, gave out this statement:
At a meeting of the board of directors of
the Steel corporation to-day the forin of
crculars to be sent to stockholders in con-
carrying into effect the bond
conversion plan was approved. They will
be sent out during this week.

The pian provides for the issuance of $250,-
ono) vonds, $200,000,000 of which are
in te exchanged for $200,000,000 of preferred
stock. 1 tock thus retired is entitled
cumuntive dividends of 7 per cent. per
gonuim, which represents an outgo of $14,-
ao,0o0 vvear. The $250,000,000 of bonds to be
jmued bear > per cent, interest, which repre-
septa an outgo of $12,600,000 a year. There
. therefore, a net saving of $1,500,000 a year,
pius the earning capacity of $50,000,000
[he plans whied have been under careful
consideration and preparation for over a year
for harmonizing, extending and rounding-out
tne various plants will now Se pushed for-
ward with all possible despatch.

The presidents of the various subsidiary
companies, who have been in session here
this week, bave given their final approval
to these plats

Mr. Gary appended to his statement a
long Hat of (he projected additions and
improvements io the plants of the Steel
Following is this list con-

nection with

to

Corporation

cemeed
luinoia Steel Company, at South Chicago,
] ew open bearth furnace piant, Gloom-
ing od and finishing mill, estimated cost,
pio, remodelling iPineh plate mili
ow, additional heating capacity

     

 

trad

rail, $200,000, improvement of the
jeseeiner departinent, $150,000; new blast
faphace Dlowlag eOgiLes, $475,000; repairing

* pace’ | to 4, $400,000; addition to
hine shop and foundr . $200,000
i Joliet, HL Remodelling blast furnaces
pacts esthnated cost, $900,000 addition
to converting mill, $150,000
sy iry improvements at South Chicago
od does, $420,000 5
sational Tube Company, at McKeesport
by heb didfaw of present rolling mills anc
rope cod ploe mills, together with addition
of ow blast furnace, an additional Bes-
® converter and installation of bnew
rand power plant, $9,255,662
Kt le raiue, Ohio—Erection of two addi-
| blast furnaces with accessory works
ional rolitng mills and # new tube an
pipe cul, 88,446,006, '
Suondey improvements at the National
1 Compary's Pennsylvania department
t [vttsbure and at its Riverside depart-
mentat Wheeling, W. Va., $332,400
American Steel and Wire Company.— Va-
ous improvements at plants in the Cleve-
. Pittsburg and Chicago districts and at
. Masa. end Allentown, Pa. works,

ets

 

$4 575.000

(meriean Sheet Steel Company.— Various
provements at an estimated coat of $255,000,

Carnegie Steel Company. -At Homestead
votks, Homestead, Pa., erection of an addi-
tonal 14-inch plate mill, improvement. of
coneb mall and of the boiler plant, $1,135,000

4: kdgar Thomason Works, radford, Pa
edaition to stee) and iron foundry and ip-
-tallation of new and modern Liowing en-
wines, $275,000, .

\: Duquesne Works, Muhall, Pa —Sundry
additions and improvements, $330,000,
National Steel Company additians and im-
rove renus ta oer ants at New Castie,
a. Hellaire, Ohio, and Yaungstown, Ohio,
‘

$i 82.0%)

American 8teel Hoop Company. Additions
rionprovementa at Isabella furnac’, Pirts-
bug avd at Upp’r Union mills, Youngsown,
O i>, $295,000

American Tin Plate Company. Ine‘allation

at various mills of mederu and improved
ethods of « pera ton, $1,000,000,
4, C Frick (cke Company  Devwelep-

I
ment«f coke and steam coal properties, in-
eclnd ng (he erection of additional ovens,
19445 gov.

y.t-ing Companies—Erection of a crusehr
plant at Fecenaba, Mich, $143,819, erection
of additional power houses, shafts and mining
plants on the Vermilion, Gogebic and Men-
ominee ranges, $317,990.

Transportation companies. Additions to

rolling Stock and improvements affecting
}iduth, Mesabe and Northern Railway,
}ututh and Iron Range Railroad, Chicago,

Jake Shore and Rastern Railway, Pittsburg
Steamehip Company and Pittsburg an

nneea! Deek Company, total estimated
ost, 81.275 O61

The total of all these items is something
over $26,000,000, It is estimated that when
these expenditures are completed there will
tb: added to the total annual capacity of
the subsidiary companies about 2,700,000
tons of all products; that under normal
conditions the ine earnings from this

jeasd and improved capacity will be
about $7,000,000 a year, and that there will
ie a saving in manufacture of about $5,000,-
0% a vear, or a total of something like $12,-
oo.) a year added to the profite of the
wveral subsidiary companies

The circular of the preferred stockholders
is signed by J. P organ & Co., for the
corporation, and appended to it is a state-

eu! Uhat it was first prepared in June, 1902,
Luthar ite isaue haa been delaved by four
(ferent suite for injunction, in all of which
ceeisous have been rendered in favor of the
corpvation, The statement continues:

The ontire transaction, as submitted to

  

the kLoliders on May 19 1802, has thus
be ected again and again to judicial
wrt an tin everyde tail it has been sus-

the Judemen tof the New Jerey
‘ frrors and Appeals, rendered first
vor Case and in the Raymond case

iw, ond coat and unanimousiy

dodge case in February, iee8. A

{the opinion in the Hodge case wil

le sect te ail stockholders The most
of the business of the corp-

erotifving result
per t confirmed the board of direc-
' ts orfginal judgment that the plan for
r-ive development of the business
encetved and should be consaum-
tet continuing and great benefit
I ted States Steel Corporation aud
Iders of both classes his ciren-
heen approved by the «pectal vote of
r’ of directors, March 8, 1908
car, which is adverti-ed in an-
Other ian. gives the terme under which
' iors of the preferred stock of the
I tates Steel Corporation, of record
a oe of business on March 16, have
ed to Une for the period of sinty daye
fou that date the preferential opportunity
sulecrite for end take at per the ten-
ue) your & per cent sinking fund gold
ls of the corporation, the eubseription
hol lo okeeed @ per cent. of the par amount
preferred stock etanding in ther
othe euch subseriptions to be payable
preferred eteck of the Steel corperetion
par end also have offered to then ao
orally Co ele an additional eulmerip
pevatie in oash, for the bonds et par
fued (0terest, to an @mount ap
oly equal to 0 per cent of the par
af the prptorees stock standing in
a) ubeoriptions to the baade
' payeblle lo atoek af in cash, must
ly om warrepte to be neued by the
Mater Mieel Conporetion and auet
te wilh be bone anon to every prerens
be of reoord of Marek t Id heew
* wl le ene
od aotuel geting of the etock
f the Lolted Blates Bee! Corpore
« bel at Hobokes an Awilw&

~

‘atte

 

ac

ON areree

‘tte Oh MMe Man ied

renee tow te & iow

4 ei whan He « oe
. ‘oe ee ee ee
oo

“* DE ed
‘ae

ow (ht) eoremere @@ thers wt

' aS

AMERICAN WOOLLEN PROSPERS.

Capactty of Mills Doubled and Rate of
Buriness Increased.

At the anntial meeting of the stockholders
of the American Woollen Company in Jersey
City yesterday, Jehn Hogg, Francia W.
Kittredge, George E. Bullard and J. Clifford
Woodhull were elected directors. Presi-
dent Ayer in hie report to the stockholders
said that by rearrangement and the intro-
duction of improved machinery the capacity
of the mills since the organization of the
company has been doubled. At the begin-
ning of business the production of the
company was at the rate of $25,000,000
& year. The business for the twelve
months ending Jan. 3, 1903, amounted to
$35,000,000, and the actual deliveries for
the past seveval months were at the yearly
rate of more than $50,000,000.

The company expended last year for
further improvements, enlargements and
equipment of mills, $2,502,006. This in-
cluded the completion of the new No. 5
Assabet mill at Maynard, Mass. A cut of
this mill accompanied the report. It
showed @ building about 700 feet long
5‘4 stories high containing nine acres of
floor space and equipped for 1,000 looms
capable of producting $7,000,000 worth of
goods annually. President Ayer said:

 

The efficiency of the plants been
developed to a point where the expenditure
uired for the future will be moderate.”

The compeees balance sheet reflected
the increase in ineas in the item of bank
loans, amounting to $6,890,000, represeating
current accounts with customers, &@

the current accounts and vouchers of the
thirty-three planta amounting to $5,522,056.
Against these items appear $1,004,407 in
cash, $3,600,745 in net accounts receivable
and $13,932,439 in raw materials and sup-
plies, a total of quick assets of $23,636,591.

 

CHANGE IN NORTH JERSEY.

 

Reported That Thomas A. Nevins Is the
Head of a New Trolley Syndicate.

There are good reasons for believing that
the North Jersey Street Railway Company
is about to undergo a change in administra-
tion. There have been many rumors afloat
concerning prospective changes in the
company for several months, and it was
learned from good sources yesterday thai
a syndicate had been formed which is on
the point of taking a long lease of the com-
pany'’s plants. Thomas A. Nevins, it is
said, is at the head of the movement and
according to the stories abroad yesterday
the syndicate is to start business with a
capital of $6,000,000.

Mir. Nevins said yesterday that he was
not in a situation to say anything just now
concerning the stories of a new syndicate
with five millions capital. No lease of the
North Jersey's interests, be said, had been
arranged. He woud not say whether there
was any possibility of Buch a& lease Leing
given or not.

President KE. F.C.Young of the North Jersey
St eet Raiiway Company said that no lease
of the company's effects had been given as
vet. He admitted having heard the rumors
concerning the syndicate and the long-term
lease, but he refused to say whether he
thought the change would be effected in the
immediate future

 

BUYS SHOR & LEATHER BANK.
International Banking Corporation Ac
quires Control,

Control of the $1,000,000 National Shoe
and Leather Bank at the corner of Broad-
way and Chambers street has been pur-
chased by the International Banking Cor-
poration, capital $5,000,000. A price close
to 200, it is reported, was paid for the Shoe
and Leather stock. W.L. Moyer, formerly
vice-president of the Western Nationa‘
Bank, and his friends have had control of
the Shoe and Leather Bank, and not long
ago also became interested in the [nterna-
tional Banking Corporation, of which Mr.
Moyer was elected the president. Gen.
Thomas H. Hubbard, who is chairman of
the board of directors of the Internationa)
Banking Corporation, with other capitalists
formed that corporation, and it Was ex-
ylained yesterday that the entrance of
Mtr Moyer and his friends developed a coin-
munity of interest.

The International Banking Corporation
will throw domestic business in this city
to the Shoe and Leather Bank, while the
latter bank will throw foreign business so
far as possible to the International Banking
Corporaticn. That corporation, it is also
proposed, shall acquire interests in banking
institutions in other parts of the country.

BOSTON STOCK FIRM SUSPENDS.

A. B. Turver & Co., Interested in Massa-
ehusetta Copper Company, Assign.
Bostoy, March 3.—The firm of A. B.

Turner & Co., members of the Boston Stock

Exchange, assigned to F. M. Fdwards, a

lawver, to-day. The assignment came

significantly after the decline yesterday of

Massachusetts Consolidated Mining Com-

many stock, in which the firm was largely

interested, ,

A. BK. Turner was one of the directors of
the coimpany, and it was through the efforts
of bis firm that the stock was floated upon
the Boston market in 1909. The company
was organized on Feb. 1 of that year and
it was on April 15, 1800, that ite shares were
listed on the Stock Exchange

It is generally considered that the firm's
misfortune is due to its efforts to sustain
the price of the Maasachusetts copper be-
cause of ite large holdings. Mr. Turner
has refused to make any statement con-
cerning the cause of the failure. Mr Ed-
wards was not in town to-day, but will
arrive lo-morro*”

J. J. HILL SAILS TO-DAY,

 

 

 

Nothing to Bay of Northern Pacific's Plans

in Manitoba.
President James J. Hill of the Northern
Securities Company, who was in town

yesterday, has nothing to say at present
about the Northern Pacific's application
to the Manitoba Legislature fore charter

It is generally believed Usat the Northern
Pacific m reaching out for @ share of the
grain traffic of Manitoba Canadian rail-

road interesta deny the end malate
that the charter, if obtamned, will le uaed
wily ae a club to Le wielded in securing

nore Uraneaontinental U\ueitiene
Mr Hill said wotd that everything in the
Weet was in good shape He will wet for
FRurope to-day one bole trip for reersation
=a =

larkarenns Birei Bonds Suiherised

At the epects! meeting of (lu stockholders
of the Lackawanna Bieel (empany, held
et West Renews, NY, yeoterdey, the terue
euthorteed some tine ago by the @iimetore
of 616000 000 of Bret mori aage 6 per ce
oonvertike bonds wae euihorieed, ae ®ae
on Vermeer cajAteal eiob eufliveindt be
oarry oul the copvermed the eele of the
lode wader Lettne @ppruted by tle dates
late Bee alee aul lates

ewe 6 tu and eas, Van ( onthend
te here ele Of aplieeeett ty lene OF
de. ot eh ae temp tet bee oul
iy the eleebleddete = Pie
siete covlbevitn af

=

iw be
ee
lucdewe bee tle
aiud tite oot

i pet owt hele
Drstrmewe 6 wsreprmerbor Boot
jue eue) teewlinge of eeemel of ty
centres Me the mete lied Duvlmree Brunt
wwe held wy deter ty verte dep tiv
ae age weheded teva of the Aineriegs
ull jaapeeny. thee Areerieee f ige lon
pete et Gee Her ane tive | tipeedes
ta teonsdde of Gite tee A the A ete om
some eee tle pectwely ut
(etegeent | ee we
give wut for puleete VP ett thy
Aer (ige | om vw the eee
lui ( epee iw eee of thee

pvetets etd (ie bale ene

formant we hedd
met es ettetenee ba «& ty

pany tee tat
fier al yew

  
 

Die bertede ede getewl tee at |

weve a ?

HAVE A TRILLION, OR TWO?
W. T. EDSON & CO. MAKE 80 MUCH
THEY GIVE IT AWAY.

 

 

You Get Ricoh Quick Next Deor to a Wal
Street Kconomist Who Hasn't Got so
Rich Bo Quick Himself, Probably
Through Neglect or Unsoctability.

William T. Edson & Co., 80 Wall street,
is the firm name of the latest get-rich-
quick concern to operate in New York.
The firm's circular letters have been flood-
ing the mails for nearly a month. They
tell the old, old story of millions to be made
in discretionary pools.

Edson & Co. “advise you, if desirous of
placing your money where it will bring
forth good returns, to communicate with
us immediately. Three months ago a
party in Brooklyn put $100 in the pool.
He let his profits accumulate and now
has over $3,000 to his credit.”

The person who received the letter from
which the above quotation is taken sent it
to Tas Sun with the quotation marked
and the deduction, from the experience of
the “party in Brooklyn,” that at the same
rate of dividends Edson & Co. would have
to pay this client, at the end of one year,
$81,000,000, and at the end of two years
$65 ,610,000,000,000. To which bit of cipher-
ing was added the following comment:

“If $100 would in two years make over
sixty-five trillions, think of Edson with
100 or 1,000 such accounta! Oh, shades of
520 per cent. Miller!”

The offices of Edson & Co. are on the
third floor of the Levin Building. The
fittings don’t indicate that many dollars
have rolled in as yet. There is the usual
get-rich-quick ground-glass partition, which
makes most of the office a private office
The usual peephole is cut in one of the
panels.

When a Sun reporter called yesterday
afternoon an unusually good-looking young
woman, stylishly gowned (the millinery in
Gores aaa shops is always alluring)
disclosed her big brown eyes in the peep-
hole frame. The reporter had been in-
formed that the man to ask for was a Mr.
Blackmar, and for him he asked.

“What would you like to see him for?”
asked the young woman.

* Matter of business,” eaid the reporter.

“And who are you?” came the query.

The young woman, whose face had grown
stern, was told that THR SUN wanted to
know things. Then she laughed outright
and didn’t think Mr. Blackman could be
seen.

“He's such a busy man, you know.” But
Mr. Blackman consented to be seen and
the reporter was ushered into the ad-
‘eining office. whose door bore the legend:
Wall Strect Economist, The letter quoted
irom above was shown to the “busy man.”
He read it and exclaimed:

“Gee whiz! I've written some letters
for ‘em, but I never wrote anything like
that. Say, I don't think they've taking
in much money, but I’m not in this game.
I run the Wall Street Economiat and | get
it out aa often as I can. I've nothing to
do with this. See Mr. Edson or Mr. Biaul.
They're the ones. But say, some of thes
games do make money, don't they? Look
at Mackay & Co. They got a barre! of it.
They didn't do a thing but offer me a job
I wish I had taken it. They made a barrel.
I'd like to get in on a game like that.

“But honest, I don't know the first thing
about this one. Can't tell you a thing
What are vou going to do? Write a story

about us--I mean it. Oh, T wouldn't do
that. What'a the use? But don't talk to
me. See Fdson or Blaul. They come in,

usually, every morning. They're the ones.

I ain't it.”

Arrested Turf Tipster Let Go.

Ernest Mathews, the turf tipster who
was arrested two weeks ago charged with
using the mails to promote a fraudulent
turf acheme, was discharged by United
States Commissioner Shields terday
for lack of evidence. Post Office Inspector
Ashe raid that he had been unable to find
anv wi'tnesses living within a reasonable
Hstance who were willing to appear against
Mathews.

 

TIN IS DEARER,

Plate Up, Too, Weeanse Raw Matertals
and Freights Are,

Tin made a new high record for yester-
day, advancing to 30% cents a pound, at
which it seld last June. Tin plate was ad-
vanced, and in explanation an officer of
the Tin Plate Company said:

“The advance of 20 cents per box is due
directly to the increased cost of raw ma-
terial, includirg pig tin and coal, and to
higher freight rates

“To-day's price ix lower, in relation to
cost, than November's nrica *

en

MARINE INTELLIGENCE,

MINIATURE 4LMaNaC-TRIS Dat
Sup rises.....6.71 | Sun seta. 5.55) Moon sets..11 91
HIGH WarknN THIS Lat
Sandy Hook 16 20| Gov. I'd 11.01| Hell Gate
Arrived. TUR#vsY, March 8
Ss Lahn, (Gibraltar, Feb. 23
Ss Iisa, nemanere, Feb. 12
Ss Morro Castle, Havana, Feb.
Se Carabrook, Clenfuegos, Feb. 23
Ss Faceisior, New Crieans, Feb. 25.
Ss Jamestown, Norfolk, Feb. 2.
Se Geo. W. Clyde, Georgetown, 8, C., Feb, 9&
Sa Goldsboro, Vhiladeiphia, Marca 2.
Se North Star, Portiand, March 2
Ne HF. Dimeck, Boaton, March 2
Ship Mac Diarmid, ort Natel, New, ih
Bark Oropa, Montevideo, Dec. 6.
Bark Jolliette, Perambuco, Jan.
Rark Jotiette, Marseiiies. Jan. &
Hirig G. B. Lockhart, Curacoa, Feb. 14.

ARRIVED OUT,
6s Kronpring Wilhelm, from New York. at Bremen
Sse Necker, from New York, at Glbraitar

 

12.54

®4ILED PROM FOREIGN PORTS
Se Norge, from Chris'iansand, for New York

OUTOOING OTEAMAHI PS
Seu Te -dey

Metis \ eneei
Close suas
@A em A
P A Mma

ehA iwr

ver

 

ssee

Cherokee,
pean
be

°
rinee, Argee

.
3
‘£
.

p Spwate, ovee
*
og
ve der hederiend

=?

===F
& cere ce & & EEE

& S8888 SESE & FEEES

Hert eau

ie a |

Toe tote NRE
’

oud Priday, Maree e
ven

A tem
ete ie ‘ ;

|

tee thee
| suas
~

tgsu
Vuwse
andere
sepelu
oes Vow
svbed @ pers
ew

| i
Mei seiue

tmp

att “tease

  

te wl oe eee
wwe
“ee bare oF
i ht te — 1" f,
i Ae we Meee iw
| Malet tte oe is: ‘
ee ee om Ff

ee oe

OOO te mee i”
howia a
aie se

bebe
eo pe 4
baew Losmamies bn &
viele - Mere -
tate ' “vg ‘—- i” ;
‘—- i ed
beneeermee 0 ath pee i”
teh ie Ohne i
V anotare tssakes i” *
some ween Maret
a re are i”
Me renee coos CO
hele etre eee in

THE SUN,

} ts

m, ate

 
 

WEDNESDAY, MARCH
FEUNAN( TAL. ; cm

W.L. Dougt

prey
. eur, 4 ‘

4, 1908.

a2

 

  

| FINANCIAL.

as (4 Stock

 

SAFEST INVESTMENT IN AMERICA

Less than $300,000 of the Issue of $1,000,000 Pre-
ferred 7% Stock of the W. L. Douglas Shoe Co.
of Brockton, Mass., Remains for Sale in Lots of

One Share or More.
eh
Pays

Stock You Must Act Quickly.
Annual Dividends, 337% asaity.

It you want Some of this
Stock

SHARES ARE FULL PAID AND NON-ASSESSABLE.

Soldat Par (Si00.00)

nm I am offering this etook for
ie? aolely to the business.
am off the safest investrne nt 2

has sufficient cash capital to conduct a
business of $7,000,000 a vear.
The W. L oe Co, owns and

operates at Brockton, Mass., the largest

coodvear welt (hand-sewed procews) plant,
and makee more shoes of thie kind than
any other manufacturer tn the world. In
45 of the neipal American cities in the
verv best locations the Douglas Co. owns
outright and conducts 64 retail shoe stores,
every one of which contributes to the net

{n towns and cities where it has no store.
The Douglas business has been prosperous
for more than 26 years.

In four rears the business has more than
doubled. The net cash earnings available for
the payment of dividends in the year 1003
were suficient te pay 7% dividend on more
than 64,000,000. har net been a year
In the past twelve that this business has
not earned much more momev than ap
necessary to pay 7% dividend on

on ization of the company is but
eseen, ro © Gr $1,000 000
prefe etoc ar 1 F common
ook. 7 the preferred stock ie offered
ir sale. Rehind the ‘erred stock there
In $1,966,908 of actual, tangible assets. |
eannct receive one cont of dividend unti)
the 7% has been paid to preferred stock -
holders
The business is now, and has been for
meveral vears, managed try « Board of
Tirectors composed of capbe business
men. If you ere a careful, conservative
investar—one who will be satisfied with e
eafe and pervanent 7% inveetment—you
should buy this stcok to-day while it can
be seoured at one hundred dollars Bao
share. is 7 preferred stock will bring
8 premium of $5 per share within two years’

time.

This etock is in the nature of a first mort-
gage on all the present assete of the com-
pany or asse¢s it may in the future accumu-

e. No bonds or mort gages oan be placed

"FRISCO TERMINAL FOR GOULD?

 

Rumor That He Is Behind the Purchase
of a 61,000,000 Site,

San Francisco,March 3.— Representatives
of the San Francisco Terminal Railway and
Ferry Company and the Stockton and
Beckwith Pess Railway Company have
acquired a freight terminus in San Fran-
cisco at a cost of $1,000,000, This terminal
is situated on the water lotsa of Potero,
extending from the shore line at the
Soreokes 6 r refinery to the north line
of Islais Creek. It comprises about seventy-
six acres and more than sixty city blocks.
For the most part the site is under water.

Rumor has it that George Gould is sup-
porting the enterprise for a new road,
which would give San Francisco another
transcontinental railroad by the easiest
route over Sierra Nevada,

 

NEW L. & N. BONDS.

Issue Amonnts to 823,000,000 of 830,-
000,000 Authorized.

The new issue of bonds by the Louisville

and Nashville Railroad Company amounts
to $22,000,000 new collateral trust 5-20 4 per

cout. bonds, of a total of $30,000,000 author-
ized Of the arnount $7,500,000, as already
announced by J. P. Morgan & Co., will be |
exchanged for the same amount of old-us
No definite statement was obtainable yes -

terday as to what use will be madeof the
remaining $15,600,000 whether they would

he exchanged for other bond r will pay
for additional property or extensions
svoidicate underwrtes the bond tsaue

The collateral under the new bonds, it was
reported in Wall S:reet, yesterday, will be
unusually umple, including $26,644,000 uni-
fied 4¢, and $10,091.00 divisional bonds.

siendars This ley,
reme Court
96, 1¢, 17, 18, 90, 21, 22. 8, 23, 24, 2A, 27, . 0
Suprene Court) Specia lerm
calendar called at 1030 4 M Va perte
matters Part Il. «lear Motions —Pemurrer
No 199 Preferred cases 4 220
General calendar os
14hi, 820, 10m, 100 165 “cr
1007 1918) Pivorce calendar ca’
eae untinisied Cones from Var Ii!
Case untirisi ed. Ces s from Part Li
Part Vi.-Case unfinishel. Cases tr Part Tt
0 elevated ralirom! (ases ina erm
Shor cases «
Vari tit
2452, 2008. 2

 

Corrt

Appellate Nos. 14,

Metsion. St

Motton

 

Pan iv
Pant V

  

~4 ase unfir ished
Tim 9101, Gas (846
Nos 2.46, 2448 2447

  
   
 

   

  
 

ine 267! eh 2. 2578
2476 201 Wit de arid,
2418 970% ene 2? 2s, 2641. 24, 2065
20n) 2uf4 2? tom Pu 2? tem lari iy
Case upfiniahed Cane rom Pari iit jan \
Clear Caaea fram | i Part Vi - (nae ur
fneied. Case fro: mo otih bert Via oe
unfinerved tasce fro jan ttl fant Vili
Case untir'ahet.  laques o th Die) calender

Ob BERG, 2510, Dew, TH? Pee 2.0), 2 Ob. Dees Pram
DOIT 261%, 104% Bebo, 2646 250) 2558, Pot, Pole, Dow.
2671, 20p1. 000 246, 2054 res 206, 2°70, Bri),
2078 9 mo Dine DuTe dew) San. YT PIG Play, PTI!
27ib PTD). PMPiAg. B72, PTBS PTBO ‘art iN Cane
wotnieiet. Caste trom lent Vill Pan &
Ad ‘ourned untl) Mende) Maren ©. lute ‘pe Al
‘ unfiolsied (eae fom Pan Vil bart
aI 4 uate ele Canes tro Pant Vill
HN xiii vwige to charge (aeee from Part

hurr

aies Court Chember For protete
Wilke ow “iu, Ane

Jrenestewe Viele er itred t
line Churtalt, Feeder te Adie Moses Sluts
y@ie Vil eames Pucks Henne eat V eiee
cece (lee * tee & Oe Anne i
lime te AM Mewteryeiesh Me!
Tern ho der -etender

Term~({ oun wopete #8 te

erm fen Ad journed

My Court Special
level

Mert ve, seni wer

oe 177, 2018, bOI) bets, peme tite fee. bile

ee ae ee ee ee wee

tte, det! sate, Bee Bee) Tabi Bae? Bin
Foe, i! ap a) jen ili
(Met Rus fot 2b ie Fe Ble lt
Cd ve

a Vwilehe
tll Mu whey

mw aw

‘ po a we» a i ie ow

si it ho. 1 ii 4h) te lee tee ole?

al ‘her a ** oie Pe vg bigs

ad p oie get. oF ” sy ied iu
eps ue ee ve “we

$ ; 4,  » ¢

 

wa é ¢ doe.
“a 9 ” et fea ome ines BY ie
i i’ Mii Oe Oe
ure ae)
ont me ‘ jee iol Apeeew to der
herner Hume ibe oe em
a * > e ,
file ‘ le “
todes oMin » we ‘ ~ ‘ tte
fei be oe oul . et ale
er . eo ‘ . ‘
e . eur ” t- “eu “ . “6
w ee . , *?
7 shane oes an oe
het beet og tae ei , er ete ive
“- ee “
i 66@ sete peel eee 8) bbe tes of
sore ie @ ‘
eer j
solemn ve or
inn
Cunidion steve
. .
+ Meroe '
+ teter | ”
ewe *
-_——
‘our @ tener (© emer

“eeort Ber * (wort ef (grees serves tent
Sedwoter aeree —- 0 ie oe -
~

 

One Hundred Dollars Each

on the property of the oom to leanen
the security of the preferred foc! olders.
There is no hetter investment in the
orentey now available to the public. Large
of this stook have been soldto caref:
business men. I have also sold many
vi

shares to worki ie and persons
have small emounle ¢ e mouet te sa’
banks. Thia is a investment for
large inveetor, it is equally as good fer

the workingman end sma!l invester.

All stock sold this month wil
receive the full six menthe’ divi-
dend the first day of next July.

ihe mowt searcsung ipvertigation of all
the seen, papers rocords of the W. L.
Douglas oe Co. is invited, and every
‘acility will be affo ded any prospective
investor or his rm presentattve who may
come to the corperalien’s office at Brockton,

W.1.. DOUGLAS.

How ts Get This 7% Preferred Steck,

‘\ can get one or more shares of [this
‘% P.eforred stock at once by
e check, ex-

oash, certified cheek, cashier
presa or office money order to W. L.
Douvelea obran. aes.

30-DAY OPTION CERTIFICATE.
ln orcier to ee plerty of tume and op-
portunity for investi on, 80-day option
cert. fisates are being | . To secure one
of theee option certificetes fill ent the counen
below. stating the number of shares desired,
ivieg) our name aod address. Un receiyin
Shia coupon I will send vou en omnes oerti
-ate good for 80 days, and convincing infor-
mation. Thie entails no obligation cn your
nart. Cut out the coupon, secure the 80-day
uption first and do your investigating after-

orde

W. L. Dovotas, Brockton, Mass:

Please send prospectus of the W. L ong:
las Shoe Company and special option certif-
within thiny

cate cntitiing
per ceat. pre-

me to pier
ebares of the 7

ays
stock of the company. It

la under-

erred
stood that this request incurs no obi
vestigation

on my part unless afer sud-

seribe for the stock

NMC. cc cccceeeeceseesarewerenseeseresesse (EIB
Street Address......
CALY OF LO WB. ~ . owe ce conn oo cece oe ces coscoewereers=

SUALe rcccesrereoeceeee

 

Pitaoe Nida CRIlile@ Cuecas papetet 10
and address all letters to

W.L. DOUGLAS, Brockton, Mass.

- To the Debenture Holders
and Stockholders of the

PACIFIC PACKING
‘AND NAVIGATION CO.

The undersigned, at the request of the holders
Of o large amount of the debenture bonds and cap-
ital stock of the Pacific Packing and Navigstios
Company, have cousented to act as & Commitice
for the Keorvanization of the affairs of the sald
Company. The Committee will fortuwith prepare
an agreement of deposit, which will be fied with
the depositary, the Colonial Trust Company,
222 Broadway, New York City, on Thursday,
March 3th, 1903.

The hoiders of the debenture bonds and shares
of stock or voting trust certificates therefor of the
Paciic Packing and Navigation Company are in
Vited on and after said date to deposit their re
| Spective securities with said depositary, which will
; Issuc Its negotiable receipts or certificates of de
| posit therefor
| The Comm tttee will undertake to prepare for the
aplan for the reorgenization of said

Any depositor not asseniing to such
under the terns of the

 

} depositors
| company
pian whea formulated will

 

 

| Deposit Agreement, have the right without ea-
pense to withdraw his deposited debenture bonds,
6tock or vVoling trust certificates therefor,
Copies of the osit Agreement may be ob-
tained upon anpl at the depositary
Dew York, Ser 4, 1908.
CUORGE F. CRANF,
Chairman.
STUYVVESANT FISH,
GPORGE FF. VIETOm
JOHS & BORNE,

CHARLES FPLEICHER,
CHAKLES COUNSELMAN,

Comulttee.
ALPRLANDFPR & CREEN
| DAVIES, STONE & AUERBACH
j Counsel
| PHILIP S. BAKOOEK,

Secretary of Co pittee
222 Kroadway, New Yo*e City
I ET LT
Vi Mie SOTICES,

   

ARVY- Able bodied un
en of 21 and 3, citizens
character and temperate

WANTED FOR US
married men belwern a
of ' nited States, of gan

 

 

heb.'s, who can *peak. read and write Fneiush
bor or wMapply to KECRLUITING OFFICER,
26 Thi nue, 706 @th Ave. N.Y. oF S88 bultow
Stree ‘

WANTED Sth becrundt co ieel. oe
08 52 and B41) per die ‘ue tlon will
beld at (he Nes ‘ sew Y ! iis oy
ww tf the above positions For application 1
furiuer infor vo addres COMMAS ANS:
Navy Yard « York

————----++:.0.0.. ee ee
RECLIVER FORS OFRUTON PAINE

He's Buppesed to He Gul West and Theres
e Judgment ( npaid.

dudge U Gorman of the Bupreme Cour

has appointed Miles Mo O'Hiben, dr, ree

oaver jo supplementary proceedings f+

J Overton Paine, the stuck broker, who ts

supposed to be eviewhere vul Wee "The

fete Wee apprntied of the appiecation

of doweph BOO Tue), who neoently obtained
4 judgment aga’ Mir lube for &
ue ervey wm partoulariy f
My faiw's «we no oth Produce Eve
hoa vaiel a l J Overtos
Vauwe Company of bo Bioedway wee oF
ge ceed about dune |) 107. eHth @ capa
te af pamyro { whieh 6200/0) war
maued t» Pauw, and iw come ow
oud the f f “t Vaiw &to

VMI ANT tO 4 HOnHnTH,

Bante te meree Tiow tor tt eet Phew bare
ow te toe

A ou & stile wee tdeard Wiese
6 yeaie vi meme ul be + Lathe
duey ttro aM hes ated tld bate the
iw *ee ‘ ‘ i ‘

iw Z g' hoy wmreigit st eo.” Ww
ond “en mh i we leew @ leet a te be
ul te ie i i wean
oem thee et iw # a weal
TT . ie peer nama Low
i ae ; og leew bet bieet #0) pee
mr ie oe enti ue wey oO onbe
eitea i . “

biw @ ‘4 ” woe reel @lod
. eoud tepeerted tie + thes fe

” ,e tw Giver BO then
ee “ “ : fut the 4 dpeekew

anew taew se taeere! Pere theme
iw th

ee tee Bere § at
“ i + date te
ee oe

teomeien Bee bute leete
mere oft

pte’ teaedu ve oon the
eet of tow Merw end state ae
tevin of @ let extore A Ue —?

a

FINANCIAL.

 

 

Office of J. P. Morgan & Co.,
23 Wall Street, New York
March 3, 1903:

To Holders of the Preferred Stock
of the United States Steel Corporation,
of record on March 16th, 1903:

For account and in behalf of the United States Steel Corporation, and under and in pursuance of the
provisions of a certain agreement between that Corporation and the "ndersigned, dated April 1, 1002, and
approved by the stockholders of the Corporation at a special meeting held May 19, 1902, the undersigned
hereby offer to every holder of preferred stock of the United States Steel Corporation, of record at the
close of Duainess on the slateenth day of March, 1003, for amd during the period of sixty days from aad
after such date:

(1) The preferential opportunity to subscribe for, and to take at par, the Ten-Sixty Year Pive Per
Cent. Sinking Fund Gold Bonds of the United States Steel Corporation, jo such even amounta (). ¢., 8809
or multiples thereof) as such holder of preferred stock may desire, In the aggregate not exceeding $200, -
00,000, nor in any instance exceeding forty per cent. of the par amount of the preferred stock standing
in the name of such holder of prefer:e' stock at the closing of the books on March 16, 1903, Such sub-
scriptions shall be payable in preferred stock of the United States Stee! Corporation at par, that is to say,
Ove shares of such preferred stock for each $500 of such bonds; and also

(2) The like opportunity. at his further option, to make an additional subscription, payable in cash,
for bonds of such issue, at par and accrued interest, to an even amount approximately equal to ten per
cent. of the par amount ef she preferred stock standing in the name of such preferred stockholder on
March 16th.

The said bonds are to bear date April 1, 1908. and are to he part of an authorized issue of $25,000,000,
and the form thereof, as well as of the ind: ure of mortgage, lien, or pledge sccuring the same, ta to
be satisfactory to the undersigned.

The indenture of mortgage, lien or pledge securing sald bonds | to bear date April f, 1908, and le to
be neat in rank and similar in form to that securing the bonds of the United States Steel Corporation for
$904,000,000, issued under and secured by the Indenture to the United States Trust Company of New York,
dated April i, 1901. The proposed form thereof (which, however, until the date of the execution thereof,
will be subject to modification in any particular not herein specified.) may he examined by any recorded
holder of preferred stock on or after March 16, 1903, at the office of the Transfer Agent, 71 Broadway,
New York, or at this office.

The bonds are to bear interest at the rate of Sper cent. per annum, from their date, April 1, 1098, and
every deposit of preferred stock under this offer shall operate as a transfer to the Steel Corporation of aft
right to dividends accruing on euch deposited stock after April 1, 1903. The deposited preferred shares
will be held in the namesin which they are deposited until after the preferred stock books shall have closed
for the dividend for the quarter ending April ist, payable May 15, 1903. The new bonds will be deliverable
as soon after the latter date at they can be prepared

The principal of such bonds will be payable In sixty years, but ther will be redeemable at the pleasure
of the Corporation at any time after the expiration of ten vears from the date thereof at 110 and accrued
interest. In case less than the whole issue is redecmed st any one time the bonds to be redeemed are to
be designated by lot, and the coupon bonds are to be redeemed first.

An annual sinking fund of $1,010.000 Is to be provided by the United States Steel Corporation for the
redemption of the bonds. The bonds will be issued as common bonds, each for the principal sum of $1,009
or $6,000, and as registered bonds each for the principal sum of 9500, $1,000, $5,900 or of any multiple of
©),000 that niay be autnorized by the Steel Corporation. The coupon bonds are to be exchangeable at any
iime for registered bonds, and the registered bonds when presented in even amounts of $1,090 are to be
exchangeable for coupon bonds, at the will of the holders, upon terms to be stated In the sald indenture.

Under the sald bonds and the Instrument securing the same no action or proceeding, either at law or
in equity, can be instituted or maintained for the enforcement or collection of interest on the bonds, or
for maturing the principal thereof by reason of a default by the Steel Comipany in the payment of any
instalment of Interest, until after such default tn the payment of such instalment shall have lasted for
the period of two years continuously.

| Subscriptions for bonds, whether parable in stock or in cash. must be made on warrants to
be issued by the United States Steei Corporation. Such warrants will be issued to every holder

| of preferred stock registered as such on the books of the Corporation at the clone of business on
March 16, 1903, and will be mailed to snch holders as soon as possible thereafter at their respec-
tive addresses, as shown by the books of the Steel Corporation. Such warrants will specify the
amoont of bonds for which the said stockholder is entitied to subscribe payable in preferred
stock. and also the amount of bends he is entitled to subscribe for incash. The privilege of sub-
scription may be transferred in writing in whole or in part, and the warrants will bear aa ap-
propriate form of assignment for this purpore.

No subscription payable in preferred stock will be received from any holder of preferred
stock antess he shall deliver certificates for preferred stock duly endorsed for transfer for an
amount at par equal to the portion of his subscription payable in preferred stock. In order to
facilitate the transaction, stockholders who intend to avail themseives of this privilege, should,
before the closing of the bovks on March 16, 1903, have their stock split up in certificates of sach
amonnts that they can surrender io payment Of their subscription for bonds, certificates of stock
for the exact amopnt reqaired.

Subscriptions mast be actually made or delivered on or before May 16th, at the office of the
undersigned.

The terms and conditions of this offer may be modified by written agreement between Messrs. J. P.
Morgan & Co. and the United States Steel Corporation.

|
}
;

J. P. MORCAN & CO.,
FOR UNITED STATES STEEL CORPORATION.

 

UNITED STATES STEEL CORPORATION.

NOTICE OF SECOND ANNUAL MEETING.

Notice bereby is given that the Second Annual Meeting of the stockholders of the United States Steel
Corporation will be held at the principal office of the Corporation, at the bullding of the Hudson Trust
Company, No. $1 Newark Street, {n the City of Hobokeo, County of Hudson, New Jersey, on Monday,
the twentteth day of April, 1903, at 12 o'clock noon, for the transaction of any and all business that
may come before the meeting, lucluding considering and voting upon the approval of the by-laws as

| amended, considering and Voting upon the approval and ratification of all contracts, acta, by-laws, pro-
ceedings, elections and Appointments by the oard of l)irectors or the Executive Committee or the F-
nance Committee since the (rst annual meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation on February 17,
1%, (including the purchase of the stock of the Union Steel Company, ip which Director Henry C. Frick
! was interested, and the purchase of the stock and bonds of the Troy Steel Products Company, in which
| Directors John D. Rockefeller and Heury H. Rogers were interested.) as set forth in the minutes of the
Board of Directors, which until the meeting will be open to examination by stockholders of record during
business hours at the New York office of the Corporation, 71 Broadway; the election of eight directors to
hold ofice for three years. and the election of Independent auditors to audit the books and accounts of

the Corporation at the close of the fiscal year
The stock transfer books will be closed at the close of business on Monday, the 16th day of March, 1008,
and will be reopened at 10 o'clock In the morning of Tuesday, April Bist, 1908.

By order of the Board of Directors
RICHARD TRIMBLE,

Hoboken, New Jersey, March 8, 1903 Secretary.

WE OFFER FUR SUBSCRIPTION AT 10) AND ACCRUED INTEREST

$5,000,000

Union Steel Company

Five per cent. FIRST MORTGAGE and Collateral Trust
Coupen Gold Bonds for $1,000 each, dated December
Ist, 1902; due December Ist, 1952 Interest Coupons
Payable June Ist and December Ist.

TOTAL AUTHORIZED ISSUE $45,000,009
PRINCIPAL AND INTEREST GUARANTEED BY THE UNITED STATES
STBEL CORPORATION, which guaranty is absolute and constitutes

an obligation of that Corporation superior to the payment
Of dividends wepoe its Prelerred and Common Stock.

Full particulars as to the property and security, and terms of subscription
may he had on application to the undersigned.

Subscription lists open Thursday, March Sth, 1905,
Payments for bonds to he made on or belore March 7th, 1905

We jully recommend these bonds as an wivestinent of undoubted security,

CHAS. D. BARNEY & COMPANY

 

 

    

 

52 Broedwey, New York.
122 Gevil Feurth St: ee, : . Piriiledelphoie.
bd) Rhew 4d) RTE dot | soaal Ree
. » a “ ‘” —
4 uh POR BA POM, #4 rim 4," ea ww e , thet Wituetns end
ehett ob we ® the Pir teried abd te one 8 ; wi at tl 4, pitae!
r is > be laws ie ” oh ‘ ta
foe Tire ca Mail aale lt Seb TO | Up” ply ant bike wt ane Vale
; ol Ag “* aa os ‘ wt ©
ee ” ‘ iu y iw re
; 1 “es "ot , “ hou saad es
waite poy it i de
biusse koe bb bed vee "it ‘ ree
re onde “ ¥ Vienne a"
i ’
Me M4 Oe * errr 6 a ‘ , j
, “ be on pane> 9" 2 ‘ ‘ oaans
4 erty Oi > hogee st he “re ,
s is” ’ re ‘ns ~~ © ” ° y
bien e of Ula Cabs ke ped ot te ol : ” i
‘ * gent . * ‘
t etd atu Porges ~~ pr te ne
;™ /
. * ad - ’
» « ay ro me oo,
| ty willed of a ae weerrenn aie
‘ ? tS temew!
were
joo Bree Cow & See Beer eee Vinge
. oom tm
' lemme bere eede ‘ io male - . ’ ‘opt
| ~~ io et the el & 2 er te . ‘ ‘eal et Eo ae a
“— «) @uler wee we oom ' ’ er © * jold i *onmeute “
ake i“ etft@tieee il. ony Hi i _ “hs “ fal ‘ “a want tenes ‘-
The ence ba Gat GD evades ; “1 4A

|
:
|