a en ee ee es

|

 

 

WILLIAM M. LAFFAN.

“WEDNESDAY, MARCH 4, 1903. |

 

 

 

 

 

——

 

Subscriptions by Mail, Postpeld. {

DAILY, Per MOmth. .....ccccceeeee eves
DAILY, Per Year aa ‘
SUBDAY, Per Year... aa
DABLY AND SUNDAY, Per Year....
DAILY AND SUNDAY, Por Month....--++++ 70
Postage to foreign countries added.
Tne Sux, New York City.

  

 

Panis—Kiosque No. 12, near Grand Hotel, and
Fiosque No. 10, Boulevard des Capucines.

ED
If our friends who fawor us with manuscripts for
punbication wish to have rejected articles returned, they
miwsd in all cases send stamps for that ourposr.
ee

—oooeeoeoeleleee=“Eo———————————
The Eastern Puzzle.

That something unusual is going on
at Constantinople, apart from the Mace-
donian imbroglio, is indicated by. the
sudden conclusion of the long-protracted
negotiations between Berlin and the
Porte over the continuation of the Con-
stantinople-Konia Railway to Bagdad,
om terms exceedingly favorable to the
German syndicate that has it in hand.
Although nothing is said in the reports
publighed about the eventual extension
of the line to the much-disputed terminus
at Koweit on the Persian Gulf, there is
redson to believe that some understand-
ing: has been arrived at to which the
Russian Government is not entirely a
stranger; and it is probably in connec-
tion with it that we have the news by way
of St. Petersburg that Muscat, outside
the entrance to the Persian Gulf, will
shortly be taken under the protection
of Great Britain. This would convert
the whole of southern Arabia into a
British dependency and an annex of
India; and the inlets and outlets of the
Red Sea and the Persian Gulf would be
practically under British control.

The situation is rendered still more in-
teresting by an aliegation in the Russian
press that the Afghans have dammed

the Heri-rud somewhere in the
neighborhood of Herat, and have there-
by cut off the water supply of the Rus-
sian. settlements on the lower course of
that river where it forms the boundary
line between Persia and Russian territory.
Taken in connection with the Perso-
Afghan dispute about the waters of the
Helmund, which a British-Indian com-
mission is to settle, these movements
point to an intention of the Great Powers
interested in southwestern Asia to bring
their long-outstanding dispute to a
definite conclusion.

The main point of interest in these
new developments will be in the position
of Germany. Is she in accord with
Russia or with Great Britain; and what
is the nature of the bargain that has
extorted such favorable terms for the
Bagdad railway syndicate from the Sul-
tan? Are we really in the face of a situa-
tion similar to that in 1882,when the Egyp-
tian question was about to culminate in
military operations, and Lord DUFFERIN
discovered that Germany was backing up
the Sultan in his resistance to British |
diplomacy in Egypt?

 

 

a SSS SSS 2
Sr  —

 

The Automatic Smoker.

The world is spluttering in the smoke
of the great battle between trust cigars
and anti-trust cigars, the (Giuelfs and
Ghibellines of the twentieth century.
It is sad to see that most hardened smok-
ers have no principles or scruples in
regard to this conflict. Monopoly or
anti-monopoly is all one to them; and
if a cigar is docile to burn and amiable
of odor they don't care a snipe who made
it or who sold it. This seems to corrob-
orate in part the theory of the Traskites
and Littlerobertreedites that tobacco has
a bad effect upon the moral sense.

We remember anti-tobacconist aposties
who used to point with pride to the fact
that Gen. BANKS never smoked; but as
BisMARCK smoked most of his time the in-
tellectual advantages of the non-smoker
were never sufficiently proved by the
case of the Bobbin Boy. If, however, it
can be shown that men who shudder and
shake at the mere mention of that hor-
rible word *° trust,” smoke trust-made
cigars with satisfaction, we shall have
to believe that the sense of right and
wrong may be injured by tobacco. Can
anybody imagine Epicretvs or PLato
as rolling a cigarette? Yet we are told,
and told truly, no doubt, that the mod-
erps, bad as are some of them, are much
better than the ancients. Why? The an-
tique world had neither tobacco nor whis-
key. How then did the antique world
eacape being superior to the modern’

It will not do to linger among these
diffieult and perhaps vain paths of apeo-
ulation. Still, we cannot refrain from
saying that without tobacco there would
have been no WasHINGTON, JErrERSON,
MADIBON, Mahstals, Montour: no De-
elaration of Independence, no
etitution

So much we must teetify for the truth

eS
TI

We have no selfieh motives in doing
aw If we smoke at all, tus ae Uncle
CieOROK or wae Ut doNaR? amoked in

Ratio & dourney to Cane vige "* fora
cruel nervous dineuse And how away
with confessions apologies and personal |
views We are about to chuck beauti
fully objective Beience under the olan
In the chemical laboratories of the Poly
tehaie Inettute of Worcester, Mase
esperimenio of meet path and moment
are now ping on 1 hae beew paid, end
het by the @iched and prejudiced alone,

thet tuber etucke contain @ contain oF
vein aioe of poleehos gaa
*‘ deadiy omen. gen If thie le
true the eke pucks up poo from
a errOm Bone lhe Worceeter expert. |
mete af to how bow meh of thie

heed of Pee the hind of earow uw
hoe die tothe of ou wheat von ol the
Vielike Wetatious made by mumkern me
em, Oe tae There (lee lems tnd + betes od
the Boston Trance spl ine pot get abana

“) eveetew © ‘ Sime &
+O! ot thet Mure

eo holes
*)) @ut ea af the

ee ’ wi ete . |

~ he of beet ° Gu > o- « teeee

~' Ow teem fone os ““e Rone
o “

“ «© ou “ent we
ee ee (th A me, ag
tin bh ne ne |

“ « we

mening Gereee OW Ge. |

;

   

tate the action of the real emoker under conditions
in which they can be submitted to scientific atudy.
The air that remains in the room after profuse
smoking will also be analyzed for ite poisonous
constituents.”

Here is an apparatus which might
well be used in tobaccoshops. There are
cigars incapable of suction or yielding

| to it only after superhuman struggles.

The force of suction necessary to keep
a given cigar in operation should be
marked on the box. The automatic
smoking machine is big with possibilities
and results of deep concern to the smoker.
A reasonable amount of poisonous gas
will not bother him. Every rose has
its thorn, But the problems of suction
are enormous. Civilization is greatly
retarded by the vast amount of energy
which is diverted from fruitful exercise
and dribbled away in the effort to pro-
duce inspiration and aspiration in lung-
less cigars,
ED

The Coming American Race.

The very remarkable change which
has taken place during recent years in
the national sources from which immigra-
tion to this country is drawn is made the
subject of an interesting discussion by Mr.
Gustave MICHAUD, in the last number
of the Century Magazine, with reference
to its probable effect or effects on “ the
coming race in America.”

Already, as was demonstrated by the
census of 1900, over one-half of the white
population of the United States consisted
of immigrants who came here after 1835
and®their descendants. From 1835 to
1890, about seven-sighths of this immi-
gration was of the Baltic race, as Mr.
MICHAUD defines it, generally, or the
Teutonic, as it is called by Prof. RiPLRY
of Harvard—the race of the British is-
lands, of the Scandinavian peninsula
and of the northern plain of Germany.
Between 1890 and 1900, however, only
a little over. one-half of the immigration
was of this race, 32 per cent. of the re-
mainder being made up of the Alpine
race, as described by Mr. MICHAUD, or
the race * gathered about the mountain
ranges of central and southern Europe,”
and 15 per. cent. of the Mediterranean
race, of Southern Europe. In the two
fiscal years 1901 and 1902 the Baltic
fell to 36 per cent. and the Alpine
rose to 42 and the Mediterranean to 23,
and since the present year came in the
percentages of these two last races have
been increasing. The chief sources of
immigration are now Austria-Hungary,
Italy and Russia, that from Germany
and Ireland falling far behind; and the
character of the population of New York,
more especially, is changing very radi-
cally because of it. New York is already
a distinctively foreign community, and
the Manhattan borough containing the
smallest percentage of native whites of
native parentage of any great community
in the Union, thus:

Chicago soee 20.8) Cleveland . 22.0
Philadelphia........ 60.3| San Francisco. . 24
Boston... ... 5. cee eee 26. | Detroit... coves O16
Raltimore......... 4.4) Milwaukee seae ae

Clacinnau... . 4.0! Manhattan Borough. 16.0

The percentage of native whites of
native parentage in the city of New York
as a whole was 21.5. In the great New
Jersey towns which are virtually a ‘part
of the community of New York the per-
centage of this population was also
small—in Paterson 22.7; in Jersey City
27.7, in Newark 29.

Out of a total immigration of 1,088,335
from Europe in the fiscal years 1901 and
1902, or up to June 30, about four-fifths

sienna nna nahn aaeimapeaaantiattd
a Se EE

. P — A r
. * : ~~

whose foreign population, large for the
South, was 179,347 in 1900, out of a total
of 3,048,710.

 

The Pope Again.

The impressive ceremonies in St.
Peter's yesterday marked an event that
the Church has seen but twice before, the
twenty-fifth anniversary of & Pope's
coronation. For that wonderful old
man, Leo XIII, this year 1903 means @
succession of “ jubilee ” celebrations;
he has been sixty years a Bishop, nearly
fifty years a Cardinal, and now twenty-
five years a Pope.

Should he live till May 10, as there is
every reason to hope he may, he will have
attained to the traditional “ years of
PETER ” and the legend that those years
could not be surpassed will receive a
second blow. It is improbable, and
would seem almost miraculous, that he
should equal the long pontificate of
Pius IX., for Lgo XIII. has just com-
pleted his ninety-third year, and in six
years and a half would be nearly 100
years old.

It is no dying Pope that addressed
the Cardinals on Monday and withstood
the fatigue of yesterday's ceremonies.
May the day of the conclave be far
distant!

 

The Big Seven Thousand.

The * Big Tree” grove of Calaveras is
in imminent danger. Lumbermen have
bought the land, they are preparing to
build a railroad to carry off the lumber,
and unless the State Bteps in the giant
trees, the only specimens of their kind
on the globe, will soon disappear as com-
pletely as the mammoths they looked
down upon in their youth.

There are only seven thousand of
the Sequoia gigantea left, all in the
Calaveras region. They are among the
great wonders of the world, like Niagara,
attracting foreigners to America and
Americans to California to see what can
be seen nowhere else; but their thousand-
year-old grandeur cannot save them from
the greed for money.

Congress has so far failed to act. The
Senate, it is true, passed a bill for the
acquisition of the Calaveras trees, but
it was held up in the House. President
ROOSEVELT has now been entreated by
those who have been trying to save these
relics of prehistoric vegetation to use
his influence. The only immediate help
possible lies in Speaker HENDERSON'S
reversing his policy of obstruction and
permitting the pending bill to be put to
a vote.

Otherwise the trees are doomed unless
the expression of public condemnation is
so strong as to lead the woodman to stay
his hand till the new Congress can act.

 

Two Matches.

The owner of McChesney challenges
the owner of Hermis for a match be-
tween these cracks of the East and West
respectively, to be run next summer. | At
the same time the owner of Major
Delmar challenges the owner of Lord
Derby, who happens likewise to be the
owner of McChesney, to a match to be
trotted next summer. Each contest
would be the best of its kind. May both
eventuate,

With McChesney on the running turf
and Lord Derby on the trotting track,
Mr. SMATHERS has one foot on the high-
est pinnacle of each kind of sport. We
incline to think, however, that, given all
four horses well and fit, the odds would

was from Austria-Hungary, Italy and be against Mr. SMATHERS, both under
Ruasia, and the increase in the foreign- | saddle and in harness.
born of New York, more especially, is |

from them almost exclusively. These
immigrants are now arriving in increased
volume. With their addition New York
has become the seat of the greatest con-
glomeration of races brought together
in the history of mankind.

What will be the effect on the Ameri-
can race of this new flood of immigration?
Mr. MICHAUD, after an analysis of the
race characteristics of these newcomers,
the Alpine and the Mediterranean, as
he describes them, reaches the conclu-
sion that “ we need every one of the
qualities of the two alien races which
are peacefully invading our land.” The
Alpine race brings conservatism and
morality, and the Mediterranean indus-
try, dexterity, courtesy, artistic taste
and an emotional character. That ia,
the immigrants who may be expected
almost exclusively during the present
decade will be a desirable addition to
our population and to the elements from
which is gradually developing a coming
American race. This“ recent turn taken
by immigration,” to use the words of Mr
Micuaup, “ will deeply and in many
ways modify our national character,” but
not in the way of deterioration. Phyni-
cally, but by a slow process, through
intermarriage, “ the skull will become
shorter and broader,” a change of which
already he discerns the beginning in New
York, Pennsylvania and Massachusetts,
the average stature will become lens, the
brunette type will increame. Of the
mental changes produced, he instances
partioularly “ stronger family ties, a
marked check in the pursuit a» well as in
the display of wealth, 4 greater love for

| ubetract knowledge, for the ectence pure

of the French.” and the addition to our
national characteristics of the artimti:
temperament of the alan

The distinetion between the charac.
torwtios of the people of the Northern
and of the Bouthern Sate, in many
ways ao obvious, w referable largely if

jpot maemly to the modification Wino

duced inte the Nerth by the great nau
graven wince (ea) OF thie, the Bouthers
biatee have reutived ao amall « part that
southerners are ell of the old Amerian
etack (Of the total of 10,460,086 foreign.
ore Wo the LC aited Btatee we MOO, only
wt ble were th the eleven Mate of thy
vd fouthen Conledetay, and tore
thew bell of those in the angle Plate of
lesee yet the total population of thom
Diet wer ATA = Ueorgia for
came with @ total poquletion of p10

oO) hed only 12.408 loreguere Ww North
‘ervline, out of (eee only 4
mouth Carclina, ooly 6.098 out of 1 nee ie,
Vigne only 10.661 out of 1 bt let Mie
ame) yn cotaly 7 ei out of 1 Abi vie tothe
population of the ety of hew Vork imm.
gration ww now eddng yearly ele w

ol) meting of | me Frito

Hermis and Major Delmar for us,
though so near alike are the chances on
either side that we have entire respect for
opinion that prefers their rivals.

 

Texas would not appear to offer the most
promising field for prohibition agitation,
but it is there, rather than in the conserva-
tive New England States which are aban-
doning enforced cold water laws, that the
temperance men are making their chief
advance. From 1855 to 1876 there was
nominal prohibition in Texas, but in the
latter year the present State Constitution
was adopted, which provides that the Legis-
lature shall devise means for the submis-
sion of the question of local option not
oftener than once in two years, on the de-
mand of a prescribed number of petitioners
of a county, township, or city. In 1001
the Constitution of Texas was further
amended 60 as to permit local option to
be established in a minor division of a city
or county. Thus a ward or township may
be either * wet" or “dry ” as the voters
in such division may determine

Under the Local Option law nearly one-
half of the 246 counties of Texas have es-
tablished prohibition. The present agita-
tion in the State is for its extension to the
other counties by a provision which, if
adopted, would divest the localities of their
present option, and make the system gen-
eral throughout the State To forestall
euch @ radical measure, 4 bill has been pre
pared by liquor dealers and introduced at
Austin, presoribing regulations for liquor
welling and drastic penalties for violations

Aud yet Texas, with an electorate of
400,00, cast only 2,600 Prohibition votes
in teu

 

The president of the Chinago Dressmak
ore Association has designed and reeom
mended for the use of Chicago women par
tioularly, a windy-day shirt, warranted not
to Ue tomeed ehout by gales Whereupon
"it le bonmenme,” declares Weather Prophet
Con of that lowe, ” lo suppowe that gales
ot eni-gake, alweye prevail here The
average velooity of the wind wn Obieage
we 18 alee yer bout, although 1 las some
tines teen to 126 miler peor hour” The
piuphet ehould le euppreemed by (le drome
takers favor He @ tute blereeted Ww
(Baoege © reputation fol etinumpherie quie
tude than WW the ODieage girle repletion
fur perfection of ployed laut)

Ab, iehent mtg teat be mets lo Lae tebe vy
the atmey vy tle of@enieetion of tle in
fatty ail o@rally tate jeortmannt otente

‘

a

wate | cotaee Hegphetamtel oof beeen land (temp

ROR, oe Se
oy wy we of @er end whet petimeneniiy

wily we the Malte militar ln fet, ue
ead thet the of @ereeleen of Ue ety Mie
bot agueetore be hue ty (hee beekhi! hae wet pam poet

| eetaket) fe gientene Chee Mlle Chee ty le Lorem

oe tie of the ertey afr to perl the
Mate ivigeder tu tenet the arm we io
eons the eee formation) =—The Ueweral
wet a maker Cle (feel of Artillery om
of he Ot eee Drigadion 4 amet ake lng) Reo e
tary Heot thee eohed thet be te made on

ey

a

inamy foreigners as are in all thane Routh | ectditional (eumre! (het « eullenage tap |
teow of Drigediors mar be provided to com | Amt ee emp

orl Matee with the escephion of Texne

ye

.

THE SUN. WEDNESDAY, MARCH 4, 1903.

mand the proposed fifteen brigades. The
number was fixed upon not by chance, but
because it was needed; and the promotion
of the chief of artillery to Brigadier should
not have been made an excuse for dimin-
ishing the number of line Generals. Mr.
Root desires the retention of the latter,
and suggests the reduction of artillery
Colonels from fourteen to thirteen, the
fourteenth Colonelcy having been created
to permit of having a Colonel as chief, and
thirteen Colonels as commanders of artillery
districts. The decrease in the number is
fogical, now that the Chief of Artillery is
to be a Brigadier-General; at the same
time the number of general officers of the
line should be kept at fifteen, for that is
the number required to command the army
at its present strength.

 

Fish sells twick, but
clams sells twicker.” So all the Princes
Bay skippers solemnly declare. Just now
the number of amateur clammers is in-
creasing.

During the past few days the tides were
surprisingly high and low, specially low.
In the Great Kills of Staten Island, famous
for ite weakfishing in the summer months,
people walked across the channel from the
foot of Giffords Lane all the way to Jimmy
Aston’s Point. Jimmy Aston's Point isn't
down on the Government chart, probably
because Jimmy isn’t always there; but it
is as well known to the skippers as the Van-
derbilt Tomb is to the New Dorpers.

Taking advantage of the absence of the
water, crowds of amateur clammers go to
Giffords to dig for * soft shells.” They come
from New York, from New Jersey, from all
points of Staten Island, and even from the
shores of Long Island, where one might
imagine that they had clams enough nearer
home. They bring baskets, bags, rubber
boots and wagons. They go home in high
spirits, happier than their clams. The
queer thing about it all is that most of the
amateur clammers are ardent rod and reel
men; and this goes to show that there is
some mysterious connection between the
joys of casting and trolling and the delights
of digging

“Clams is fine!

 

Lieut. Frank T. THORNTON, First Com-
pany, Coast Artillery, seems to hold the army
record as a Pooh-Bah. An order of the
commanding officer, Fort De Soto, dated
Feb. 18, appoints him librarian, ordnance
officer, signal officer, engineer officer, re-
cruiting officer, range officer, post adjutant
and supervisor of calisthenics; he is also
on duty with his company. It may be as
well to note that no extra pay attaches
to any or all of these extra occupations;
they are “all in the day's work ” of an
officer of our army.

 

Assemblyman AGNEW wants to make
Flag Day, June 18, a legal holiday, and As-
semblyman CURRY wants to make Good
Friday a legal holiday. These statesmen
could serve the public better by curtailing
our legal holidays than by trying to increase
therm.

Assemblyman Fixcn's bill for a State
Barbering Commission and the registration
of barbers is another of the many devices to
make it harder for the run of men to make
a living. His bill may be called one to
keep men from entering the barber trade.

Assemblyman PaLmer's bill forbidding
the State to borrow more than a million
dollars is simply a game of partisan politica
inspired by very poor busine«s sense.

Assemblymen Wemp e's bill authorizing
the appoint ment of street railway employees
as policemen, that is, conferring police
powers upon the street car conductor, is
a practical measure with much in its favor.

 

“ How long, O CaTALINGS, Wilt thou trifle with

our patience’” began the member from Wabash,

addressing himself to the member from Marion
Indtanapolts Journal.

If the high old Roman fashion is to pre-
vail in the Indiana House of Representa-
tives, each member should provide himself
with a Latin lexicon. The Hon. Boot
TARKINGTON has been extraordinarily suc-
ceasful in public life thus far, but he will
resign as eure as eggs if his colleagues jar
his nerves by invoking “ CATALINUS."”

En LE RR EE

Another Bad Bill.

To tae Epiror or THe SUN—Sir: In yves-
terday’a SUN I noticed a short article en-
titled “Bad Bills in the Legislature.” I en-
tirely agree with THR SUN in those named,
but beliewe that there is at least one other
which clearly comes under the above head
The bill which I refer to is Senator Marshall's
Magistrates bill, amending the Charter of
the city of New York in such a way that all
those Migistrates who were appointed for a
term purporting to end Dee 31, 1901, shall
cease to be Magistrates twenty days after
the passage ot this bill

Under the decision of the Court of Appeals
inthe People va. Dooley, reported in i7i NY,
page 74, it was held that these Magistrates
who are, or may be, the victimes of Senator
Marshall's bill were duly appointed for «
terinof ten years

The Kepublicans ought not to take partisan
advantage of affairs, even though they have
a majority in the Legislature, and if they
seek to railroad this bill through, they over-
etep the owever, there may
sufficient independence existing at Albany
to obstruct such “legislation” as is pro-
posed beorhis hill WitaeR Wo CHAMBERS

New Yours, Feb

mark

Schmittberger and McAvoy:

To Tae Epiron or Tur Sun Str) Now ia the
time for ex Pollee Inspector Thomas F. McAvoy
to talk. He sald if Scnmittber@er was appointed
inapector he would “squeal” too by revealing the
nameof “a bien police official” who inspired Sehmitt
bergers Lesow confession (See Lenow reports)

WoW Want

 

 

The Bestes Word-Mint.

To rae prren of THe SUS Sir) We of Reston
know and admire Mr Friel, who reeently complied
4 partial list of words coined In Boston Mr Frnat
spends much time ih Brestiing with the Mogilieh
janeuage ond with the error of those whe do not
use We language a he Would have \t used, but
some of us are \octined to believe thal vocasionalip
heeoim

ite elle we a you have remarked, that the word
Commonwealth was fret applied to a eiyll govern
ment \» the session of the Hoard of Assistants May
“ae Mi Prmet mey be right = | sually he

siive oe be ie ie SU! there aff ace
gh! hewe th on Where err Wont Ww
oly heid oil the glory that 'T, ven to hem
@ || hel Suabeoprate Whe remarked

tly @ineemeee le @ \ipereus worm

Thel grewe se bowel ol Lhe: om iummemiin’

And did Bel Mhebeeprare die iO 1618. some ve.

te at

bef babe beats ‘
ind, oot ts ‘Weary Wotton eed iS (inet

te isl? suabe le deeiatetion

\a ir haanador vent
ehrwed tor the fom erent’ Od O08 © Me
bord WOkb of Yume Guuiet mnie

* met “ee
with setereue le ely! spreremeos
Mew ,' Thewlon eefller® swlmers oF ~wttovwny of

ee

t bisege Strep Meagere’ Hr baw:
+ sam tee ( Qhewe later (mean

jpemw ehel le te Chater of Member @ fellows

ota | Teer Whe bid tke Meeks Molghber es |
ee

ee ee
er eho he emetp eer.

tee 8 Bete of te Melterte Pepeseee Ame }
piu thal be oe elem @feled member of ime
meen Maver looew

oe 64 Die he fen fete tee fer) fhemet cer
eer @ 0M feteene we eteD ber the others ere
tuned eprmiets) hel aBieb) be deviated arin’
terete of bee wager

~~ ) Thee he feet elem the elerreed oes
by « fee OP eben the ewer ctee of te over
pete en @he beng of @ @ fae of le ond
el shall bt Ge 660d bute meng Germurte ul tee
weow wh OF the funete! Mine ond privueges |
tee toatl

= © Thee @he ep of © were oF ort ow
Gefen! e660 herehy bee te wet emethes day |
reli te ke merorbere ol the Oren Mangers “wes |

eet er pep mre of & Ge) due of ee ree we

Le
oF

=
Aa
a,

 

wd

-“

t

CHILDREN OR NO CHILDREN.

Continuation ef the Discussion Raised by
the Childicss Wife,

To Taw Eviton or Tas Sun—Sir:
*Childless Woman” I would say:
My dear friend, you have my sincere sym-
pathy. Your letter was the cry of a dis-
couraged mother and a neglected wife. God
help you and others like you. I want to com-
fort you a little, if I can, and to show you
how in one respect you are “looking through
a glass darkly.”
Yes; it is a fine thing to be your husband's
“chum;” it ia the necessary result of a happy
marriage. I am the mother of two children,
but am still my husband's “chum,” in the
sense that we still enjoy going out together—
seldom, it ia true, but just often enough to
make us glad to get back home, glad to look
at our sleeping children, and glad to realize
that, because of them, home is the dearest
Place on earth.
Your busband must be a good man or he
never would have adopted those two chil-
dren, but it is marvellous how quickly a good
man can become a selfish man, For the
father to desert the mother in her time of
trouble—when she is undergoing a mental,
moral and physical struggle with the chil-
dren—is selfish, cowardly and brutal, but
most men are prone to do this very thing,
and the worst of it is that they do not realize
what they are doing.
On the other hand, if the mother would
arrange her domestic plans with discretion,
the children would not cause a separation.
I do not believe in the mother giving up every
entire evening to the children. It often hap-
pens that the reason a man seeks interests
outside of home is because he sees that the
woman's whole time and attention, after 6
o'clock, are occupied with the children, to the
exclusion of himself
The father comes home tired, is relieved
by dinner, then enjoys a short romp with
aby; if too tired, perhaps a few kisses will
©, then baby ought to go to bed. In fact
p tial all babies ought to be ready for bed
y 6 o'clock—every physician will indorse
fale-~and nny. anoyld early, be jesent to go
o sleep after “« n "is said.
Then mother is at liberty to dreas, little
or much, as circumstances permit, an i
devote herself to her husband; and, by that,
mean to talk intelligently of things that in-
terest him, help to entertain his and her own
friends: or, by means of a trusty servant, &
kind relative or neighbor, she is ready to go
out, once in a while, in the evening—not for-
getting to hear a good sermon on Sunday
evening if the morning service has been
om:

My children, 5 and 7 years of age. are al-
ways in bed at half-past 6; it ia a great privi-
lege for them to stay up later, and then we
enjoy it as much as they do. If your chil-
aren are old enough to stay up later, they are
old enough to understand that you and your
husband are entitled to one or two uninter-
rupted evenings a week, while they amuse
themselves with games and music

My dear woman, yar have these children
caused a separation? Did you or your hus-
baad, through your love for them, “spoil

vem?
No one enioys the society of a “apoiled”
child. Did you become so engro wit
their care that you neglected him? And,
by-the-by, when your husband atones for
the mistake he is now making, do not grudge
him an evening alone now and then—so long
as he spends it rightly
Have the children inherited difficult dis-
positions? In that case, Infinite pationes
(and I am sorely in need of that virtue) is

our only remedy, and the burden should
be lightened by the man who ask you
to share his burden
Now let me tell you how you are looking
“through a glass darkly ” Not all children
are “accidents.” Once in a while a birth ts
the result of that desire, which every &
woman feels, to hold two dear little hands
in hers, to nestle a dear little form on her
breast, knowing the while that it is so dear
and so sweet because it is a part of her and
him who loves her. And then, I'll tell you
another secret: Yes, it is true that a second
child is desired--perhaps a third—a sixth,
and thie is the reason: That the mother
love for babyhood never becomes exhaust
but reawakens just as soon as it discovers
that the baby is no longer a baby, but a bie,
romping three or four-year-old; then comes
again the yearning for the baby hands, the
baby laugh and the beautiful, wonderful
baby eyes If the one priceless gift of life
had not been denied you.-the gift of a child
of your own—you would know that this is
rie
What an awful picture—the unwelcome
baby How pitiful How pitiable I can-
not dwell upon it. Will human beings ever
realize the enormity of bringing Pte, ine
world souls that they do not want? When
men realize that truth, there will be no more
“accidents of birth,” but instead conditions
will be as God intends them, many of the
complex problems that confront us now wil
be solv the sacredness of marriage will
be infinitely enhanced, and unspeakable joy
will follow the advent of each little child.
NEWARK, March 2 A Harry MOTHER.

 

To the

 

To THE Epitor oF THR Sun--Sir> IT am
wondering how Mr. E. Sherman intends to
spply a remedy when he objects to poor
rents having seven or eight children, Will
be, Ge. it by matete or Bave 6 secon! echool
ee 8 or e ne ) ‘04 tive
husbands? Mcb. ey
Ktxastonx, March 2

 

CANALS IN NEW YORK.

 

A Ship Canal Thought Wiser Than a
Barge Canal.

From the New York Engineering v ews.
When the project for a 1,000-ton barge canal from
Lake Frie to the Hudson River was first brought
forward by Major T. W. Symons, in 1896, this jour
nal was strongly inclined in its favor. It was at
that time claimed that such a canal could be con-
structed for not more than $50,000,000; and the
evidence then available appeared to show that it
would be a more economical transportation route,
taking \ts cost Into consideration, than any channel
of greater depth.

There had been much agitation previous to that
time for a ahip canal connection from the Lakes
to the sea, deep enough for ocean vessels; but this
project we had opposed, believing that !ta cost
would be too great to make it commercially prac-
ticable and that a waterway of smaller dimensions
and much leas cost would anawer every purpose.

It was not until the results were made public of
the elaborate surveys and estimates made by the
United States Deep Waterway Commiasion and
of the barge canal surveys, made under direction
of the State Mngineer of New York im 1@00, that
an intelligent comparison of these different water.
way projects was possibile

We have e'ven careful study to the reports of
these two surveys and we are obliged to favor the
deep waterway proposed by the United States
Commission of engineers as far preferable to the
1.400 ton barge cana: project, which he New York
Legislature is now considering

The smaller canal wlll cost a little over $0.00. -
a, while the larger canal Will cost a little loss than
sl) an on

New York proposes to epend $40,000,000 or so to
build « canal, hall as Much as the cost of the deep
waterway with it vastly @reater certainty of bene
fit At the present day and with present know!
edge, for New Vork to spend 660,000,000 on @ barge
canal, when so much More adequate 4 transporte
tion route ie within reach 41 60 moderate an addi
tional cost, would be Bothing loss then en
economic crime

But we hear the barge canal advoceties sar thai
the Uelted Slates would never undertake such «@
work ‘These Whe lake thie position have reached
Mt we believe. through (heir Rerrow way of woking
o\ every question solely © 1th respect to New York s
advantage § = (‘The fart le thet the whole vast and
wealthy terriiery tibulery te the Great Lakes
eatending from Montene ond Liabois on the weet
tw Ranea of (he goulh ls quile oe miuem iniemmeted
in commen Weneperielion from the Lakes we the
Rasters markets end seaports ae we Kew York
hermes

 

The Rome of the Ppievepe! ( bered
Prem the are Pema Chere Obras
Viekey Borgen of Lomg Wiend seid of the O Buree

ub net mente tel ter Frerepe! Chur bee
Ole UN pO en! Lue bees WW aloud lo hhen bg eling
abou @ henge of te oficial name The Higkep
ver cmlneet) ght pea of ibe seme ong
ereied and edvereied of @& teoles of en are
wee tht elrener pert of he burns being

| deel ot the @iherkers te tht Bremen \iie are & amt

hee) Golteletow af tue urd Newleeteu!

Hi Would be mere to the pet i emt ey eouid
be eogereied by Ohi the Preteelan! | peroneal
Outek Of Adee ee eowld be fered Hom We treat
ened vie of Ametene leabionabie Chute berer
id AMOt mm | Othe Fuse ew

Mvedbwmobing Worcs ' reg Mi boo
Prom the (onde Tit
0 CBA TOT ARAN bee eyynered \e seme of ime

| powers ler @ perine! te cert) Ge the bueteee of

ere Mr Pty A eee dee) of tae wae wren
oom me ene Ghewt Mr Pipe wren
tt br bee Ged emt rere ome te
emo! of ©h eb « eelimeted to tr eeneuderemly
oe 2 whee = fe heehee bee fee aie «

<leeiniact nt  is iniittisi i ccs t cte i aaenan cacaeeeeananeaaeeaND
—_—_—__
———————————— eee

MARCONE LOSES A CASE.

Honolula Jury Decides That His System
Was « Failure There.

Hono.vutv, Hawaii, Feb. 18.—A jury in
the Circuit Court found this morning that
Marconi was not entitled to pay for the
installation of his wireless telegraph system
in Hawaii, and that the bystem here was an
improvement upon the one he had attempted
to establish.

The case was that of Marconi's Wireless
Telegraph Company against F. J. Cross,
wherein Marconi sued for $5,500, half of the
purchase price of the patent, and for $2,600,
one year’s royalty upon the use of his
system. Cross, who is a citizen of NewYork,
alleged that the system installed by Mar-
coni three years ago was a farce, that it
did not work and that the one now in use
here was an improvement upon the Marconi
system and was installed by himself. He
testified that Marconi had agreed to place
the system in perfect operation for $11,000,
that after the contract had been made
the experts who came out here to start the
work became frightened by the plague
and returned home, leaving the system
useless. Then new experta were sent here
from South Africa by Marooni, who dis-
covered that the failure was due to the
pasing of the poles in dry earth instead of
near seashore. A complete change of
the system was then made, and the experts
instructed a clase of Hawaiian girls as
operators. Then the coherers gave out
and the line failed again, and Croas asserted
that Marconi had not kept his contract
by furnishing a duplicate set of instru-
ments. Again the system had to be aban-
doned, and finally Cross gave up Marconi's
dee, ane vont off on h | os neces. He
secured a duplicate set o} ’
eieeens new kindof conarere, which
he says did the work much better than those
of the Italian inventor, and also made new
condensers. With the improvements made
by himself, the system was @ success, and
has been working now satisfactorily for
over six months.

The jury was out only two hours in decid-
ing that ni's system was a failure
and that the contract had not been carried
out. A verdict for the defendant was re-
turned. An @ was taken on behalf
of Marconi by his attorneys and if necessary
the case will be carried to the United States
Supreme Court, as the inventor believes

the stability of his t rights is involved.
The suit was brought by Marooni’s Wireless
Telegraph and — Company, the English
corporation which has control of all the
patents. The finding of the jury relieves
the local company from any payment of

royalties, which were to be at the rate of
$2,500 annually.

CIVIC FEDERATION GETS BUSY.

Organizes a Local Branch and States
Cenditions of Arbitration.

The Executive Committee of the National
Civic Federation has been busy for some
months laying the foundation for the or-
ganization of a New York branoh of the
federation in accordance with its plan of
having a body in each large city to deal
with local labor troubles. Yesterday a
meeting of the citizens, employers and
wage earners who have undertaken to form
the local body met in the rooms of the
Board of Trade to perfect their organization.

Oscar 8. Straus presided. This statement
of purpose was adopted:

The scope and province of thie department
shall be to do what nay seem best to promote
industrial peace and pros rity; to help-
ful in establishing rightful relations between
employers and workers; by its good offices
to endeavor to obviate and prevent strikes
and lock-outs, to aid in renewing industrial
relations where a rupture has occurred.

That at all times representatives of em-
ployers and workers, organized or unor-
goniaed. should confer for the adjustment of

ifferences or disputes before an acute mage
is reached, and thus avoid or minimize t
nupber of strikes or 108 <ouee he r

t u greemente as conditions
under akin Ped shall be performed should
be encoura 4, and that when a mente
are made, the terms thereof should be faith-
fully adhered to, both in letter and spirit,
by both parties.

This department, either as a whole or a
sub-committee by it appointed, shall, when
requested by both parties to a dispute, act
as a forum to adjust and decide upon ques-
tions at issue between workers and their
employers, provided, in its opinion, the sub-
ject is one of sufficient importance. This
department assumes no powers of arbitra-
tion unless such powers be conferred by both
parties to a dispute.

A committee was appointed to draw up
by laws and an executive committee of
fifteen was elected, five members for this
being chosen from each of the three divi-
sions into which the federation is divided
employers, workers and the public.

Lewis Nixon was elected president; W. H.
Farley, secretary of the Board of Building
Trades, first vice-president: Gen. John J.
McCook, second vice-president; Cornelius
N. Bliss, treasurer, and Samuel B. Don-
nelly of Typographical Union No. 6, sec-
retary. Among the well-known men who
have consented to nt the public in
the organization are Archibishop Farley,
Bishop Potter, President Nicholas Murray
Butler of Columbia University; Albert
Shaw, Hamilton Holt, Spencer Trask, Au-
gust Belmont and Emerson McMillan.

JOINT HIGH COMMISSION.

Ne Apprepriation Because It's Uncertain
When It Will Reassembie.

WasuHinoton, March 8.—-The failure of
the conferees on the Sundry Civil Appro-
priation bill to retain in it the appropria-
tion of $60,000 toward paying the expenses
of another meeting of the Joint High Com-
mission with Canada is apparently due to
the fact that the date of reassembling is
quite uncertain.

While the adjournment of Con,
leave the American members of the com-
mittee free vo enter again ui the nego-
tiations, the Canadian members are just
beginning work at their seasions of Parlia-
ment.

Just how | the Canedian Parliament
will ait ia a matter of speculation, but it is
not likely it will end until late in the °

High

 

 

 

 

would

-” earl eomne . vo the Joint
‘ommisaion will be (
that date is uncertain — ow

AID FOR THOSE HURT IN WRECKS.

Greet Nerthern Conductors Airead) Pre
vided WU Uetieine.

Mre Maud Rallington Booth has received
from the amiatent to President Hill of thy
Great Northern Railway, this reply to
her suggestion that railroeds should supply
conductores with means of all vieting the

 

 

euflerings of those ured in wrecks
thet & suulpmant’ enawld ao
ehawthetic

 

METONM CIA BTOLING CRAPPER,

Ruther i sect |e Bedi bel Ios Bee seme Whict
OM Mere Then Per te Mente.

dunt U'borNeH sighed yeatenday os
cot het periitbng (be eke Ah the Med ori
(hab to moll the elute end property of
Pith avenue and Tee) oven siren
tot Gem The trustem hove teen try
Hag (cated ow peterganety Loot thee pane ae pemee
| Tt ie tae contig fot the prement wees of the
| mauntaowe, eid wut

Satna ope eros
ye sy lo as wt ,
Se Si oes

  

STAND BY WOODRUFF.

The Republican Executive Commitiece in.
derse Him Emphatically.

The Republican organization in Brooklyn
ia “united” and “harmonious,” and the
Hon. Timothy L. Woodruff is still its ac-
cepted leader. This pronouncement wa.
officially made a‘ a meeting of the executive
committee held last night at the Joralemon
street headquarters in the shape of the
following resolution, presented by Chair-
man Jacob Brenner:

Resolved, That we, the executive con.
mittee of the Kings County (ieneral Con
mittee, do hereby unanimously declare thar
the Republican organization of Kings county
is united and harmonious, and we also declare
that the Hon. Timothy L. Woodruff is our
recogni leader, possessing our entire con.
fidence and good will, and that all rumors of
° tion to the continuance of hi+ leader-
ship are absolutely without foundation,

The committe also adopted a resolution
indorsing the pr ovisiors of the bill providin
for the improvement of the surface o
Atlantic avenue after the completion of the
railroad changes now under way.

Although not a member of the executive

 

tee, Col, M. J. Dady was present at
the gathering of that body last night.
presumably emphasize the harmony

announcement prior to his start on another
trip to Cuba to-morrow.
rles 8. Devoy, the executive com-
mitteeman from the Twelfth district, who
was also recently credited with a purpose
to upset the Woodruff régime, forwarded
a letter to Chairman Brenner, joining, as
the letter explained, in the general harmony
and in the acclaim of the chosen leader.
Congressman Harry A. Haaperey the
representative of the Seventh district,
wean forwarded a eimilar letter from

ashington.
Some sending Republicans, who have
not yet reached the status of executive
committeemen, were wondering last night
why it was deemed necessary at this par-
ticular time to take the trouble to make
such an gmapene denial of the baseless
anti-Wood rumors. Even Col. Dady
himself had to admit that he could not
solve this knotty political problem.

MAY BLAME CITY OFFICIALS.

Strect Rallway Seems Culpable, Too, fer
Newark Treiley Wreok.

The Coroner's jury whioh fs investigating
the causes of the Clifton avenue trolley
wreck in Newark on Feb. 19, when nine high-
school pupils were killed and over thirty
injured in a collision with a Lackawanna
railroad express train, finished taking testi-
mony shortly after noon yesterday.

General Superintendent Charles T. Ship~
man of the street railway company testi-
fied that he knew that front platforms of
cars were often occupied by passengers,
but that it was done without his consent
Elisha B. Gaddis, a director of the company,
said he thought he had a faint recollection
of seeing passengers riding on front pla’ -
forms, and admitted that the population
had got ahead of the company’s facilities.

Coroner Heilman in his charge said that
the North Jersey Street Railway Company
seemed to be lax. If the jury found that
there had been gross neglect on the part of
the company in failing to find sufficient
cars, help, sand or salt, a verdict against
the company should be found. He laid
stress on the duty of the jury to find how
far the city authorities were responsible
for the w . he officials of the city
Board of Works had admitted that the rail-
road safety gates at Clifton avenue were
not constructed according to the ordinance,
that the speed ordinance was being oon-
tinually violated, that no effort been
made to prevent the overcrowding of cars

 

except to t a promise from a North
Jersey offi to stop it; that no ordinance
had ever been to keep front platforms

clear, and that the city authorities had done
nothing to safeguard the dangerous cross-
ing, even onas school opening and closing
hours, when children cross the tracks
Apparently the Coroner felt that the Lacka-
wanna road was the least to blame of
the three, and that the traction company
and the o of the Board of Works were,
in a measure, responsible.

The jury adjourned at 6:15, to meet this
eireraces, when it hopes to oomplete iis

rs.

DELAWARE SENATORS SWORN IN.

Addicks Says Everything Has Come Ont
@atisfactery te Him.

Wasuinoton, March 8—J. Frank Alles
and Lewis Heisler Ball, the new Senators
from Delaware, appeared at the bar of the
Senate this afternoon and were sworn it.
Addicks was in the gallery. Senator Allee
gave a dinner to the Delaware delegation
at the Arlington Hotel this evening.

Mr. Addicks said to-day that he was
glad the long fight wasover. “I shall go
home in a few days,” he continued, ‘and
dro litics for a year. Everything has
Goute owt catiefanterily. Mr Rilee f the
man I have always wanted ‘to have wit!
me, and now the situation is clearly under
the control of my friends, the reform

forces.

Mr. Addicks said he had never taken t!¢
trouble to deny many of the ridicules
stories that been circulated about hit:
He had taken them as a matter of courss
and had suffered what the leader of any
reform movement always suffered.

FINED FOR TRIMMING TREFS.

Prisoners Didn't Know of the New Law
Regarding Their Control.

William Ellis of 322 Amsterdam avenue
and David Hartmen of 13 West 100th street,
were arrested yesterday charged wit! \.-
lating the law which puts the trees along
the streets under the care of the Park (>
miasionere. They had been employed br
a resident of West End avenue to trim (rece

that street

In the West Side police court William 4
Thompeon, secretary of Park Commis
sioner Willeox, told Magistrate Pool tha!
the trees had been be ted by the pris
ere, but he thought that they shoul!

nighed as a warning. Magistrate |
Kined each 62) «The prisoners, who ©
a @ florist, anid they knew nothing °f
ae

 

 

 

 

tle

 

Ratificstions ef Alasks Reundary treaty
Fachanged
Waeutpoton, March & © The ratificans
of the Alaska Boundary treaty
changed at the State Department | \*
between Seoretary Hay and Sir M ’
Herbert, the British Ambassador |
action places the treaty in full force &
effet Under the terme of the cons n
the agente of the two Governments © *
dave are given from the encheng
rvatifieations to file their caser ani 6!
deye lo Ale counter carr °
will not meet until a! the
counter cases have been Bet

- -- -

Bereer

’

08 BG8 608, MBE of Mone) tnt Wewioiion

Waeewinorer, March #§ The ae
stack of money tu the Chited Mom
ewown by the Tieaeury waters ‘
today, ae ov Maret | bo
Be 5 see at abou te

om } he tettel atmo '
cinsulosion an More, | ves 6 ”,
decrease ol nearly ne '
tie per Oapila Cireulatin {
Mote wv how i

Vo Represent the Gemair wih hh
On prreds bases
Weeniremr Marth er ' ’
Tem Pipe to-day epprintied Uf
ee ee ee

ne S Se earn aoe tes

Ponta lruilives tev
Vellew, Merry, Mer aud |
‘la’
Per se!
Te eee fonmee or tee es ow Wer ee
@e om Ged ome free Com 8 Ge

or
of certom of tee Heo! | ome
noe lees Mem |

SEY cash
Wa

:
i

ie

=
°
e

iff

stil
ahi

fi

‘tl

EF .s7ESE3 £3,
ila

rs
i

of stained g@
real of the ha
on a white
flag, waves
It is another
who says he
the Scripta

pended a se
mulowsky is
mid of stone

niture, silve
glass inside
on the eves

§ teas 5;
~~ 3s!

7
-
:

i

gues
=:

=
eee ss

f