‘

 

OF ALL BANKS MOST GORGEOUS

VEW JARMULOWSKY PLACE ONE
or THE CITY'S SIGHTS.

 

 

General Effect Is Moorish, Complicated
With Fairyland—Whole Place @ Bower
of Flowers at the Opening of ‘Banking
Hours--Ten Thousand People There.

The great Jarmulowsky bank building,
in the construction of which several tons

of eold leaf and marble and countless

iron beams were used, waa opened
yesterday, and 10,000 admiring East
Siders made their way through the
illuminated corridors and admired the
Moorish decoration. — The Jarmulowsky

building is at 165 East Broadway and archi-
tecturally itisremarkable. The citizen who
rides up East Broadway ought to look out
of the street car window at Rutgers street
to get a glimpse of it.

The Jarmulowsky family has been doing
a banking businesd on the East Side for
ffty years, and it is the proud boast of the
members that there has been never a failure,
and only one or two “runs” in all of that
time. Sander Jarmulowsky, the present
head of the family, has a bank at 54 Canal
street, where he has been for forty years.
Arthur Jarmulowsky, one of the sons, has
a banking house in Hamburg, which is
associated with the New York concerns
and the gorgeous place that was opened
yesterday is the banking house of Meyer
and Louis Jarmulowsky, the other sons of
Sander

A year ago Meyer and Louis decided to
move from 173 East Broadway, where they
had been for years. So they bought the
property at the corner of Rutgers street,
and Meyer, who served an apprenticeship
with an architect early t life, planned the
buildiag which was opened yesterday.
The East Side with constantly increasing
wonder has seen it go up.

When the building was opened yesterday
thousands were waiting outside to get a
glimpse of the fairyland within. A ton of
flowers from the friends of the house of
Jarmulowsky were scattered throughout
the interior of the bank, and to add to this,
the Jarmulowskys had turned a florist
loose, and he had spread strings of greens
wherever he could find anything to suspend
them from and had put potted plants on
every spot not ce.upied by some “floral
offering.” Also had Meyer Jarmulowsky
ordered all of the myriads of electric lights
aside and outside the bank turned on.

Meyer and Louis darmulowsky and J.
David Eisenstein, the secretary of the
hanking house, showed the visitors around.
They showed them the vaults where ali
seciirities would be safely kept, and so

touched were some of the vistors that
(hey opened accounts on the spot. The
thirty clerks of the institution were Wm

their places for just such contingencies,
so that all through the inspection the house
was ready for business.

The new Jarmulowsky banking house
is a seven-story building. The six upper
floors are painted a beautiful silver color,
and in front of each window is a little
Moorish baleony. On the ground floor @
Moorish arch extends out over the sidewalk
supported by Moorish columns of gold ana
silver. On each side of the arch in huge
raised letters of gold are the words:
“Bank of M. and L. Jarmulowsky.”

The arch leads to a huge vestibule which
Mr. Jarmulowsky told all visitors yester-
day was a copy of the entrance of the
Alcazar in Madrid. There are more gold
and silver columns here and windows
of stained glass made to represent the
seal of the house. The same seal is printed
on a white flag, which, with an American
flag, waves from the roof of the building.
It is another design of Meyer Jarmulowaky,
who says he got his inspiration for it from
the Scriptures. From two trees is sut-
pended a scroll, on which the name of Jar-

over all an American eagle, with spread
wing. In the background are a smooth
river and a setting eun.

In this vestibule were five large floral
pieces yest: y, the cards of the donors
still attached. On four of the pieces the

word “Success” had been worked im im- |
mortelles. On the fifth were the words: |

“Good Luck.” A flight of white marble
steps leads up to the bank entrance, where
a large uniformed person, with “Jarmu-
owsky" inscribed on every corner of the
iniform, stood guard. Inside were dozens

 

{
|

1
}

{
‘

BURNED BY

Rebbers Get Inte North Canaan's Post
OMice and Set the Building en Fire.
Winstep, Conn., March 3.-Two or three

burglars broke into the post office in North

Canaan at about 3 o'clock this morning

and after blowing up the safe and securing

the contents, estimated to be valued at
$1,000, set fire to the building, which was
occupied by the post office, the Canaan

Savings Bank, Collins's jewelry store and

Abbe's real estate and insurance office.

The structure was destroyed with all its

contents, as was also a dwelling occupied

by Mrs. Sara Hamm as a boarding house.

All the inmates escaped uninjured. The

large frame block occupied by G. L. Parsons

& Sons, merchants, was slightly damaged.
The burglars broke into the barn of Mar-

tin Langs, in the rear of the post office,

harnessed the best horse there to a wagon
and drove out of town before the fire was
discovered. The stolen rig was found here
about daybreak this morning, tied to a post
not a great distance from the station of
the New York, New Haven and Hartford

Railroad. It has been ascertained that

the cracksmen and firebugs boarded the

5:30 outgoing train for New York and the

police in cities between here and New York

have been notified to be on the lookout for
the men.

The large safe in the bank was not touched,
as the contents were found to be intact
when it was opened at 9 o'clock this morn-
ing.

The property loss by fire is estimated at
$25,000.

 

 

A VERSATILE SERVANT GIRL.

 

Boasted of Cookery, Stole Two Banks and
Tried to Break Jail in Man's Garb.
New Brunswick, March 3.—Housewives

who seek servants in the New York agencies
are interested, not to eay alarmed, at the.
experience that Mrs. John H. Becker had
with a cettain frivolous young person who
looks like a hard-up chorus girl and calls
herself Carrie Smith.

Carrie was hired by Mrs. Becker in New
York a few days ago to do housework.
She told Mrs. Becker glibly that she could
do everything the situation demanded and
that she was particularly strong on lobster
a la Newburgh and des eerte.

Three hours after she arrived Mrs. Becker
missed her. Carrie was traced in the snow
to the George street station of the Penn-
sylvania Railroad. She had Mrs. Becker's
mackintosh with her and two of the child-
ren’s savings banks. A policeman took
her to jail.

Last night Carrie got a man's suit of
clothing and slipping into it, rattled on the
gees door for the jailer. She thought

e would take her for somebody elee and
let her out to run an errand, and thus she
hoped to escape. But Jailer Messler,
shrewd man that he is, frustrated the plot
in its very inception and to-day he told
ae Popeyes about it with ill-concealed

ride.

- Men escape from Middlesex county jail,
which is a papier maché sort of affair, with
ease and regularity. Somebody told Carrie
that a famous crook had once ted that
he could smuggle a load of hay in or out
of the Middlesex jail, and she induced one
of the runners to loan her a suit of clothes.

Servants are in t demand in New
Brunswick, but nobody has offered to take
chances on Carrie.

NEARLY KILLED BY FOOTPADS.

Morris Adier Assaulted and Bobbed on a
Brooklyn Street.

While Morris Adler, the president of the
Brooklyn Disciplinary School, who lives at
816 Putnam avenue, was on his way home
from a lodge meeting early yesterday morn-
ing he was attacked from behind at Reid

 

, | avenue and Monroe street. He was struck
mulowsky is printed. Over this is a pyra- on the head with a blunt instrument and
mid of stone, surmounted by an arch, and | when he fell bis ailants stole his gold

| watch

more floral offerings, most of which had |

*Suceess” on them.

There is nothing but money, securities,
brass bars, marble stands, mahogany fur-
niture, silver and gold paint ent stained
giass inside the bank. It is a little trying
nthe eves at first, especially when the
electric dights are all going, as they were
*\| day vesterday, and as they will be all
lav to day, but after one mets used to it,
tis really a sight worth seeing. No build-
n@ in the city, outside or ‘nside, used for
a bank, or not used for a bank, is quite like
the Jarmulowsky building.

ooks at it he expects to see a hooded Arab
wa turhaned Turk come sliding out of the
door. Desnite this queer effect it has

|

and chain, valued at $159, and $50
in cash. The robbers left Mr. Adler lying
in a pool of blood.
Detective Fritz of the
police station was on the opposite
side of the street when he heard Mr. Adler’s
ns. He discovered Mr. Adler, almost
unconscious, bleeding from a wound on
the back of his head. His forehead was
out and his nose was bruised and swollen.
The detective summoned an ambulance
from St. Mary's Hospital and sent word to
the police station. The thieves in their
hurry to rob him overlooked a wallet con-
taining $150 which he had in an inside pocket
of his waistooat. Mr. Adler was removed
to his home in an ambulance, where he
lapsed into unconsciousness. The police
were unable to find a clue to the assailants.
Mr. Adler is 64 years old, is a well-to-do
business man and is a member of the board
of governors of the Hebrew Orphan Asylum.

Ralph avenue

 

‘TWAS FIREMAN KENEHAN’S SON

 

When one! ge ghieided When Arrested Over a Mattl-

ated 610 Note—Sen Arrested.
The arrests on Monday, by Secret Service

on a person, however, the Jarmulowsky | agents, of Mrs. Mathilde Bosch and Richard
hank was a big hit veeterday, and promises | ~ Kenehan, an assistant foreman in the

by he an even more popular depository of
vast

ham.

Side wealth than it was in its old

 

WONDER WHY PASTOR RESIGNED.

 

The Rev. J. KR. Edwards Gives Ne Reason

for His Sudden Action.

    

|

Baptiet irch circles in Flatbueh are
! much exercised by the sudden resigna-
1 of the lew. James R. Edwards, pastor
‘the Furst Bantiat church, and the mystery
surrounds (he reason for his sudden
sparture from the field. The church is
w practically without a pastor, the Rev
Vr. Biwardes having gone South after read-
¢ he resigoation from the pulpit at the
f his mermon on Puiday, Feb. 22
! church board and the congregation
vere surprised by the action of the pastor
‘ timation had been given of hia in-
arnt vent A special meeting was held op
te following Tueeday, at which the resigna-
 *ar aoeeptied
hee W BMmoith, seoretary of the church
wo sul thet the pesgmation Wasa un-
iy belwerde told me,” he said, “that
had reoeved @ call to « larger ehureh,
wave bo ether reason for leaving us
‘ time ago be need he wae dinsetinfied
41 eug@emtenl a) changes 1) the chureh
Toowe were made in aeoordance with hie
Dubey ccutly we heard that '
tivarde bead teen to Oi Cuy, Pa, and
remved acall) Die resignation will
ke fleet on April t bem peered
ack on the eet Banday © Ue month
| \7each @ fatewell eerma
bo ~ how Me Pelwaerde b feo peor

Furet Haptet (hureh of Platiueh

* yeate the come trom Norwich,
) yoewemiing the late the Rew ry
‘eet, Whe del io le meumie wy
.

 

‘ee Peteeunel (here fer Meriem,
ve chore, © by 77 feet, & te
lation aime north of Ameer

fut (he tee cod gtegeti

, et berm, o whieh the Mes

’ wtte recter The new etrut

“ “pean the jqeeet i‘eacy a

- + 4 ene Gare on the een
blue om eee lw eure

rs o) Sumdey echoes! quertere in the

 

a

tevtetn @lewe Bongne
horny (lous, inepeeter of emal-

come ottie af tho Poureset Ragiansss.
ts iat. bay Lorwan rewigie
tom 4 fea

want ok en le ie ae

Cale was tormedy 0 tdewanast te

aye
Tremp ¢

:
(rire

Fire Department, on charges of having
made false affidavits in order to secure the
redemption for $10 each of the mutilated
halves of the same silver certificate, was
followed yesterday by the arrest of the
fireman's son, Richard A. Kenehan, on the
same charge.

After his arrest on Monday the fireman,
who has bee 2 years on h: force, in dec ar-
ing his irinocence, said he knew who had
signed his name to the affidavit which led to
his arrest bu' w ul no ‘ell t Flynn
of the Secret Service hunted up Patrick T.
Canavan of 136 c.g th avenue, the notary
before whom the affidavit was aworn to.
Canavan said that he had known the Kene-
hans, father and son, for years and that the
son bad signe! the affidavit. Canavan said
he supposed that everything was regular
and that in writing Richard F. the young
man had signed his correct name

Young Kenehan was formerly in the Fire
Department and is drawing 4 pension for
injuries which caused his retirement.

HAGAMAN DEATH INQUIRY.

Mre. Delabarre (eo be Questioned b) Prose
eutor Toba.

Assisiant Dietmet Attorney Garvan, eho
ie protane (he Hagainan case, caid yewtorday
that he expected to have Mre Delabarre
before him to-day to anewer cortaln ques
tions that he wants to pul to ber regarding
the death of Theodore Magaman, her for-
ne busvend = Mie Delabarre, thraggh her
lawyer, Abe Hummel, has expressed «
willingness to ehewer any Questions Mi,
(emt Van ante lo aab

pores told to Mr Gervan by former
frieude of Hageman regarding the latter's

e. wd f 1
y ; . Weald, eho cen

" home

that ' aotioally
himeelf to deat ,
+ Garvan bee been lold, was nolae .
‘ we Hi, and ip so prave be be ¢
oe vas eoliom if ever oom
‘ e
(oer ven t4 ~ to
Metliune yeater ding t
omioome of tle Wocslless
le te av
ung ine few dave he

or we
ie id

arrested tar Gmugeting a 16 Geree.
Aviewe De dow end duke Lowa,
weowarde on the Premh twer Le Sevve,
were aont to Ladiow Breet dail yesterdsy

st heh aah! i tin Malay nigh, “Coatoane

gS

 

:

BOOKS AND BOOKMAKING.

Cyrus Townsend Brady's forthcoming
novel, “The Southerners,” was written
without a title, and the author sought
vainly for.a satisfactory name for it until
some one pointed out a curious coinci-
dence in the book.

The story deals with Civil War times
and events and its chief actors are on the
Confederate side; but, without design,
Mr. Brady chose for the Union characters
men who were also of Southern birth.
George H. Thomas, the “Rock of Chicka-
mauga,” was a Virginian. Farragut was
born in Tennessee. Drayton, Farragut's
chief of staff, was a Carolinian, Watson, |
his flag lieutenant, was from the South.

So Mr. Brady had without realizing it |
written a Civil War story whose characters
were all Southern—even those identified
in history with the North—and the co-
incidence furnished a title.

“Lady Rose's Daughter,” by Mra. Hum-
phry Ward, will be published simultane-
ously in three American editions—a popular
one-volume edition, a handsome two-
volume edition and a still more elaborate
two-volume autograph edition. This is
rather striking proof of the publishers’
confidence in the book's power of appeal
to a wide range of readers. {

An English edition will soon be published
and translations into French, German
and Swedish are under way.

Gertrude Atherton calls Mrs. Wiggs
“David Harum's widow,” and even lovers
of the Cabbage Patch heroine must recog-
nize the aptness of the characterization.

First novels by young women come
thick and fast. Edna Kenton’s “What
Manner of Man,” Katherine Thurston's
“The Circle,” Martha Austin's “Veronica,”
Margaret Doyle Jackson's “A Daughter of
the Pit,” Annie Flint’s “A Girl of Ideas"
and Frances Powell's “The House on the
Hudson” are all first novels, and, more
over, are all clever novels.

Matthew Arnold would hai! with joy
the English translation of Obermann.

Arnold Bennett will publish another novel
in May and he has had the courage to make
the heroine 40 years old at the beginning
of the story—“the most interesting age
in a woman's life,” says the author. “The
average heroine of 25 is by no means 6.
interesting a study as the woman who has
lived and reached 40."

Mr. Bennett has had a successful journal -
istic career and has for several years been
classed by English critics among the most
promising of the younger novelists: but
“Anna of the Five Towns” was his first
pronounced hit.

For the average American reader this
clever story in its American edition will
probably be a first introduction to Mr.
Bennett's work, but Charles Frohman is
to bring out a play by the same author.
Mr. Bennett has had plays accepted by
Julia Neilson, Cyril Maude and Allen Aynes-
worthe, but none of them has yet been
produced.

E. V. Lucas has appealed to American
bibliophiles for information concerning
any of Charles Lamb’s letters that may
exist in this country. Clement Shorter,
commenting upon the fact, applauds the
wisdom of Mr. Lucas and adds the state-
ment that fully two-thirds of the valuable
English manuscripts of the past hundred
years are in the hands of American col-
lectora.

The best advertisement for a book ie
the striking sucoess of its immediate pred-
evessor. “Mrs. Wiggs” has given “Lovey
Mary” such a running start that the ad-
vance salea of the book are close to record-
breaking.

Joseph Conrad has been a cult rather
than a mania among American readers, but
the publication of his “Youth” seems to
have won for him a fame which he has not
heretofore enjoyed here.

Oddly enough this past master of Eng-
lish is not an Englishman, but a Pole.
He was born in Poland and all his family
were implicated in the Polish uprising of
1862. His father, who was editor of a
patriotic review, was imprisoned and his
mother was exiled to Siberia, where she

 

 

The boy was well educated in Cracow,
but had a passion for the sea and after a
stay in France, shipped on an English ccl-
lier. Later he shipped upon a Londcn
and Australia trader and the experiencis
of these Australian voyages are the basis
for his greatest story, “Youth.”

The rover qualified as master, and com-
manded both steam and aailing vessels
in Eastern seas picking up a wealth cf
queer knowledge about men and things;
but in 1890 he came back to England for
along stay. It was then that he began his
first book, “Almayer's Folly.”

He had a masterful curiosity about
African conditions, and soon put literature
aside to take command of a river steamer
in the Congo. When his curiosity war
fully satisfied and he had added vastly to
his odd experiences, he returned to Eng-
land and literature. Since then he has been
making himself England's greatest writer
of sea stories and using the material
gathered from the queer corners of
world

the

Edna Kenton, whose novel, “What Man-
ner of Man,” is attracting considerable at-
tention, is a Missouri girl with Virginian
ancestry; but now she makes her home
in Chicago where, for a time, she was upon
the staff of an evening newspaper. The
novel, which has been so much discussed
by critics and moraliste, was written three
years ago, in @ fortnight’s time, but has
been kept and polished until now

Pierre de Coulerain is writing another
novel with the American woman for its
theme. *Bur la Blanche” is to be ite title
and the author describes the book as the
story of the woman without «home The
author ie « cleaver, middle-aged woman
of peychological bent, but her studies of
the American women, being made entirely
in the American colony of Parte and in
the great Parisian hotels, are hardly so
comprehensive of # convincing a she
would have the public think

Amerioaus are to have en opportunity
to eguiribute to te Buekin Memorial
Fuad whieh will be used for the erection
at Bounieville, Ragland, of « livery and
museum and the lounding of clases for
the excouragement of hendwrafie, &
The project ie in charge of the Ruskin eo
cletios of Creat Britan

Kdward W Townsend's "lew and leo
ven le not « eum ory, ut Ue autos
hee troduced certaw ploturee of the
darker wide of New York ile \ate hue novel
and the erties have fellien foul of thew
Pivteste have been made agains the a
tempts @ fealem Ww these chapters, and
M: Townsend hae leew moved to give!
thee getumee of the Hides toe eevereis
oe Abel

it ame the! Mr Te@neend + report |
of the Lease wmrestigation, puldished w |
Tax Sen, vere wot by @ dustion of the
Rupreme Court (o Emile Zola, whe wae hie
friend and correspondent Zola wae in-
teneely interested i) verte wetences of
police brutality and wrote |

“These being fects, your novelists will

 

THE SUN,

  

  
    

WEDNESDAY, MARCH

 

not have to exert their powers of invention |
for the exposition of human brutality, |
the like of which I have been condemned
for daring ‘to imagine.”

Zola's comments were repeated to Mr.
Townsend, and, in his new book, he has
g ven in substance the two incidents to
which Zola especially referred. These are
the incidents that are arousing criticism.

{

Elizabeth Marbury, who engineered the
agreement between France and America
regarding the copyrighting of plays, is
largely responsible for the tremendous
popularity of plays in book form among
French readers. Paris publishers say that |
their public is reading plays even more
eagerly than novels and that since the fears
of pirating are removed, French dramatists
are making as much profit out of play
publishing as out of box office receipts.

Charles Eastman, author of “Indian Boy-
hood,” has found the public so readily
interested in the real life of the Indian
that he is now lecturing successfully
threyghout the country.

Dr. Eastman occupies a curious position
in Dakota, where he is Government phy-
nician among the Crow Indians. The
Indians, usually suspicious of their brother
Indians who have taken on white civiliza-
tion, have learned to place the utmost
confidence in him, and he acts as a sort of
father confessor, not only to the Crows,
but-to other neighboring tribes.

New laws have placed these Indians in
a transition state between primitive ideas
and civilized conventions and they are
hopelessly mixed up in regard to most
questions. The enforcement of regular
marriage and divorce laws among the
tribes has been one of the worst stumbling
blocks, and Dr. Eastman has a trying time
explaining matters to the braves who are
not satisfied with their domestic condition
and haven't the old-time privilege of turn-
ing a squaw out when she doesn't prove
satisfactory.

. Eastman has a keen sense of humor
and his stories of the Indian ideas upon
divorce are amusing.

The Bookman, weary of inconsistent
stories concerning the sales of various
popular novels, has aske] the publishers
for accurate information. Here are eome
of the figures which have the firms’ sanction.
“Audrey” aouneoeaeesgestansesesese RPE
“The Hound of the Baskervilles’’.....

“The Ly 02ard’® SMote™. ccc. seer ee + 04,000
“The Eternal Cit". .....665 325,000
“The Man from Cl ngarry”....--+ee ees 150,000
“The Virginian”... ......ssscemreceeeees 190,000
“The Crisis” 405,000
“The CavalleP’...cccscscscrsecsecveccee 100,600
“Lives of the Hunted”...............-. 80,000

These are imposing statistics and there
are more like them, but the novels that have
failed are as the sands of the sea.

 

John Burroughs has been expressing his
mind about “real and sham natural his-
tory,” and various writera of “nature
stories” will find his article in the currént
Atlantic Monthly unpalatable.

Mr.. Burroughs knows a thing or two
about nature himself and the psychological
studies of woodchucks and possums have
goaded him into speech. He lets C. G. D.
Roterts and William Davenport Hurlbert
down easily, even praises them, with reser-
vations, and he has an exceedingly good
word for Dallas Love Sharp, but falls
upon Ernest Thompson Seton and belabors
him merrily and th> Rev. William Long’s
animal stories are apparently too much
for his respect for the cloth,

Fiction woven around animals, Mr. Bur-
rot ghs can stand, but he draws the line at
ani..al stories that set the ‘a-ts of natural
history at defiance, and he invoxes Gilbert
White, St. John, Wallace, Varwin, Bates,
Avdubon and other famous naturalisté to
rfate the false pro) whe “palm off
inventions as real Obeervations,”’

The article is a battle cal!, and may give
rise to come amusing discussion, but the
veteran nature lover makes out @ good
case for the pk intiff.

MINISTER'S LIFE THREATENED

By Enraged Daughter-in-Law, Whose Chit
dren He Was Keeping.

VINELAND, N. J., March 3.--The Rev.
Samuel R. Bailey, a Protestant Episcepal
minister of ip place, caused the arrest
of his daughter-in-law last night on the
charge of threatening to do ily harm to
himself and other members of his family.

Unhappy domestic relations of the clergy-
man's son, Husted, and his young wife
came to a climax yesterday when Mrs.
Bailey left her husband, taking her children.
A few hours later Husted, accompanied by
a policeman, went to the residence of Mrs.
Hollis, where his family was staying, and,
the mother being absent, took his children
to the home of his father.

When the mother discovered that her
little ones had been taken away, she threat-
ened the lives of her husband, it ie said, his
father and other members of his family.

 

 

 

New Yorkers Become Bhode Island Citizens.

Newport, R. I, March 8.—Four more
New Yorkers have signified their inten-
tions of becoming citizens of the State of
Khode Island, with Newport as Caer geaee
of residence. They are John Innes Kane,
Peter Auguetus Jay, Robert Boutelle Noyes

and Frederick H. Paine. They have al-
ready gone through the form
requirad by law and have added

Sorc Hands

   

5

   
 
 

ONE NICHT CURE

Seek the hands on retiring in @
gtrong, hot creamy lather of CUTICURA
fovr. Dry, and anoint freely wih
CUTICURA OINTMENT, the great skin
cure and purest of emo'lents, Wear
during the night, old loose gloves, of
light bandages of soft old linen of cot.
ton, Vor sed, sough, chapped and
pore hands, dry, fissured, ching,
feverish patlens, with shapeless nails
eid P aotul huger ends, the treatment
be wonderful

eid tbs phew the work’,

 

v1 te ATION,

» @ theseee wapet |

+ gieet netion, He feo
ple. rulers trace. bite
ure, ert, finance ene

poitice = AB inv siuelle
ook \ any Awe oe

yi eg SRST Rika St:

 

 

 
 

4._ 1908. -

PUBLICATIONS.

er Le 2

 

 

First Printing Feb. 12. 2d Printing Feb. 2/. Sd Printing in Press.

JOURNEYS END]

By JUSTUS MILES FORMAN

An able young novelist writes: “Congratulations to you all on ‘Journeys End,’
I've read enough of it to see what a clever, alluring and mystifying story it is.
Speaking commercially, ‘it should be a sure winner.’ ”

He’s right. We've a few hundred copies left of the second printing and 5,000
more going to press.

Since “The Lady or the Tiger” there's been no story so stimulating to conjecture.

>

(Charmingly Illustrated by Anderson, $1.50.)

  
   
   
   

  

“The motive and atmosphere are
as delightful as the accompany-
ing illustrations.”

—Phila, North American,

“A capital story with a good
plot and several thoroughly ih-

“In the story's telling lies a per-
suasive charm akin to that of
Barrie.” teresting characters.”

— Boston Advertiser. — Boston Transeript.

 

DOUBLEDAY, PAGE @ COMPANY, u Union Square East, New York.

Three Tales of the
World's Waterways.
I. Youth.
Il. Heart of Darkness. :
Il. The End of the Tether. oe ok ees:
At All Bookstores, or from McClure, Phillips @ Co., N. Y.

What England Thinks.

* ** Teles cf excevtional power. Not for
long have three stories thrilled us more
sheer humanity and vital force.’’—

** A wonderful piece of Yr pe
of iting.

YOUTH

Joseph Conrad.

The best-selling book in the U.S.

The Meaning of Pictures’ has in abundant measore a happy hind of originality,
the most genuine sort of helpfulness and rare power to stimulate.” —Boston Herald,

By the Author of “ ART FOR ART’S SAKE”

THE MEANING
OF PICTURES

By JOHN, c& VAN DYKE

ROFESSOR VAN DYKE’S new volume re-
lates to the substance of pictorial art as his

‘Art for Art’s Sake ’’ did to its technic. It

isan explanation of, and a plea for, the be-
holder’s point of view, which he deems es legitimate
as that of the artist. He discusses the personal and
the decorative elements in s work of art with great
fulness and penetration, and he brings out the true
significance of painting as he has heretofore expleined
its modes of expression. Taken together, the two
works form an original and concise exposition of the

philosophy of painting.

“An unusual quality in art
criticism, plain common sense
with a delightful avoidance of
technica! Jargon, is shown in
the ‘eotures de'ivered at the
Metrorolitan Museum of Art,
In behalf of Columb'a Univer-
sity, by Prof. John C. Van

**Prof.Van Dyke drives home
hie arguments every time,
speaking a language all can
understand, talking with ex-
perience and natural taste for
suoh things, and to students as
well as to the genera! reader
we heartily, unhesitatingly rec-
Dyke, and now published.’’- ommend the work.” —N. ¥.
N. Y¥. Sun, Commercial Advertiser.

Freosly Ulustrated $1.25 net (Postage [0 cents)

By FRANK NORRIS

Author of “The Octopus”

“In the handling of tis
main theme ‘The Pis’
shows the touch of e mas
ter.”

“He made the eple post.
icalagain ond imbued
with the strong, hery apirtt
of the Californie sot! and

  
 

H.W. MARIF
in The Outlook:

Illustrated,
$1.50

 
  
 
 
   
   
     
     

HENRY M. ALDEN
in Morper's Mag
asine

 

 
 

“A

 
 

 
 

‘Dolly .
i ® 7 “Tt be sto ot
Dialogue OWEN WISTER nancial woveshn ef
version of + <td think prea Norrie bes
e 5 ° 9 oulelripped them ell.”
Vanity Fair w DP HOWELLS The movela he left gre
—an innocent can Keview suMcient for bie fame,”
Becky Sharp.” Doubleday, Page & Co, ** Sigg ™

 

~ Brook yn Eagle.

      

 
 
 
      
       
   

 
 

HARPER & BROTHERS
FRANHLIN SQUARE, NEW YORK

_ —

woe THE tones
LEOPARD’S
SPOTS

Be Themer Dison, Jr
“The future American must he

“CUCKOO,” BANG ATRINGLT.
Meyer of Second A enue fiets the Pass
werd te & Rew Pesireom

whe ut walsed nico the room, but
he wae growled by a clerk
Belugul vinked one eye and sang oul

, What. there”

 

 
  
  

     

Himon Mielngut, the Mayor of Meoond | *Cuck.o. cuckoo 0 Th aes either a Ang.o-Saacn or a mulatto
avenue, celolreted his birthday yeatenday , *What's the matter with youl” aeked ‘ re ee
aid i Ue course of bie © eiderings around the ele b . opye OA) PAGE BO 84 Veneer . ef
ie baat Pade Cy habe Iesde will bie (rhetde Geeee obo” Pingu Bey an i ei : SL ra waied

i” « - .
fell a with a crowd of Eases of ree! racetrack 7 you hid dation go vuieide envi | . 7
tullo were eek thet wate with Ue bree butions.” eee | AOEE vie SF RE Md

"dunt the st wonigs to mw, ead Ave lithe clerk "He will ehow you whee te | 2
Henna i wt have gut # UP | oebue te bth you wil ted Moke Timmety | HARVARD ACAI )EMY,
oT » & ren) lune eel | gigih wtiwel ima & Wend 6
oullven “ ges Coy the ppue Aagul thew Hubei ®etolunen seo 400 bee Beet ban
en would win the tow ul wee OH 4 Piehbe ee Mines tm

" ae, OMe ee A ‘
ori de you want Ate en vale

 

    
 

 

 
 

you te tell you aly Mf Poe lnading dois oe proce ty OF ap
> Ruilives iv id muet - o enone em rees - hee
ead ‘ vow will ted de Pockue ue Feu Bee « ‘or ewes baw say? soe ba lie 7 ; 7 a ~
, v Y rt - thy! , . 4 Hitieiad Me ft
OE; Gooe tn sue 1 paeiimne empeled i - a ” ae, woe pao’ | Cae te a "ot
at) EL embed PLahagu! . de you wow here enywor. aabed | "AF OMe bell Sune wolens Mug
the wake
Why Tu step ath po whe | MNO onset sae ww or | MISS McCABE'S
val) veyerr ope tee ity Wallace ob der Geet pace we Limos ongine 6
‘ q " wrety y 406) bere er ,° foo ont lan Gaeb i: PY, > ee
ols ome De “e . auee ‘ Morngu wi Loe eee ,
@ roe ty the Blete Bei patios we Greed | one wt bake i eis sas thee Penne oc auedy. 1) Bes 5.
ol sees a tae ve 1 * vy) he (houeewe io i Beseak Bt ans boul iodee be .
om ie Nagi ts ta Clg wa Tey ecb ibek a hae ot oem a — .
walk through to "7 where you wil) would wut banat) eooty ” te Mand 400 HAE eeOR
— & de " we at em ome tu a : pons
the on the door aad we ' rrr) wo | FAY fms Gi Sel She
to an eae ae . ; ra ‘ ag” tay ioe! ol tee ot pews ;
m we rm # ia tn woe
“ Vox oud coy 4 os nan . es ° 0
oe

at the tank wee aot in

Cee pantie aa

a |

a gs
, :
. a
\
ay
A
7 : * d
he 1
hy i
a A
‘kh
ow
ve

~ oa

ony

—_——
—