‘a

*

*

Sa—_—_—

VOL, LXVII—NO, 197.

ROBERTS MAKES NEW MOVE

SOUTH 10° CATCH
RIVER,

HURKIES FORCE
BOERS FROM ORANGE

Enemy etreating Before Gatacre, Who

Occuples Bethulic—Success of Two Dar-
‘\, ing Britioh Moves- Transvaalers Threaten
Refusing Defend

the Surrender

ree Staters for to
Boemtontein mM

—Jaubert 40 Miles North of Bloemfontein

nes At

Special Cable Despatches (o Taek Sus
From Tar Sey's Correspondent With Gen. Roberta

Bioemrontery, March 15, 0:05 A. M.—When
the British troops entered this city on Tuesday
they found that it presenteda regular Sunday
appearance. The shops were all closed and
the people on the streets were wearing thetr
Bunday attire.

Many of the residents declared that they had
expected the place would be hombarde J.

The correspondent of Tue Sun had a con-
versation to-day with Councillor Daly, who
deseribed an embittered meoting of the Ex-
ecutive Council that was heldthe day prior to
the surrender, After the meeting President
Steyn boarded a train and proceeded to Kroon-
stad, where ho has established his govern-
ment.

The Transvaal Boers sought to compel the
Free Staters to resist the British to the end,
but their efforts were of no avail, A messen-
ger was sentto the Boer camp on the Modder
Liver with the information that the Free State |
Boers would not attempt to hold Bloemfontein,
against

no fortifleations, Gen.

that to attempt to

which has
Roberts, they
make adefence would result In the practical
destruction of the town,

This message excited the indignation of the

knowing

Trunsvaalers, who threatened to pull Bloem-
fontein to pieces. The residents were, there- |
fore, uncertain whether the English or their |

own allies of the Transvaal would bombard the
town

Therefore, when the British entered there
was considerable rejoicing, as their presence
would prevent an attack upon the place by the
Transvualers

The signs on the shops and all the decorations
here would lead any one to believe that the
place is an English town,

The first troopsto enter the city were the

Carbineers
The deputation which rode out from the city

ly to tender the

on Tuesday morning formally
surrender of the capital to Gen, Roberta con- |
sisted of Landdrost Papenfus, Dr. Kellner, the
Mayor, and Mr. Fraser, a member of the Volks-
raad.

Lonpox, Mareh 16.— At the opening of the
new chapterof the war, immediate interest
centres in the fate of the Boer forces, which
are in retreat northward from Cape Colony,
where they have been defending the line of the
Orange River

Gen. Roberts sends this despatch
his latest move

DLoeMrontT#IN, March 15, 7:55 P. M.—Gen
Gatvere crossed the Orange River and oecupled
Bethulie this morning. Gen. Vole-Carew, with
“000 of the Guards Brigade, two guns and @
seriall body of mounted infantry, le!t in three
trains this morning to join hands with Gatacre |
and Clements, He passed Bethany at 4:30 P |
M., without meeting opposition, We have been
able tosupply from the troops engine drivers,
firemen, fitters, moulders, smiths, carpenters,
de!

\ correspondent telegraphing from Bethulie
ting incidentain connection
with the saving o° the wagon bridge at that
point which the Boers had mined, Lieut, Pop-
hum of the Derbyshire Regiment crossed unob-
served during @ storm of shot and shell and
cut the connecting wires, He discovered sev-
eral boxes of dynamite and returned and took
uw party of his regiment, who crossed and car-
ried off the dynamite. At night Capt. Grant
removed the charges from the borings and
threw them into the river, He also diseon-
nected the remaining wires

The courageous exploits of
and Lieut. Popham  coineided,
for the British, with
daring feat northward
fontain, There Major Weston, of
the en@ neers, attached to breneh’s bri-
pode, passed the Boor lines on the evening of |
Mareh 1? with ten men, and cut the telegraph |
and blew up the vailway, thereby preventing
the removal of the engines and cars in Bloem-

concerning |

describes some ex

Capt. Grant |
fortunately
an equally |
of Bloem-

fontein
Gen, Roberts was thus enabled to promotly |
Cespateh a fores to intercept the Boers whom
Gen. Gatacre holds. iu front, That this foree
reached Bethany, thirty-flve miles distant, ina
day is regarded here as smart work, in view of |
the necessity jor constant
the track wnd the positions from which it could
be commanded

It ia hardly expected that Gen, lole-Carew's
advanee WI) not Le opposed. If the burghers
at Norval’s Pont and Bethulie are relyfog on
retreat by means of the railway and are un-
aware of the oecupation of Bloemfontein, a
collision between them and the Guards’ eol- |

reconnoissance of

umn is inevitable

Meanwhile Commandant-General Joubert is
reported to have arrived at Brandfort. about
forty miles north of Bloemfontein, to assume
command of the Boers, whose headquarters
are apparently on the Modder River,

The correspondent of the Jaly Nes at
Bloemfontein representa Weston’s track-cut-
ting as having intercepte! Gen, Joubert's in
tended advance southward on Tuesday, but
there is no other indication that the Boers at |
present are acting except the detensive,
The supposition in Bloemfontein is that they
will defend Brandfort

fhe correspondents send long stories of the
British entry into the Free State capital, There
seems to have been stormy scenes at the meet.
{ing of the Exeeutive Counel mentioned in
Tur SUN's Bloemfontein despateh. President
Steyn presided. Mr. Fraser, the President's
rival, was fully decided to surrender, and he
denounced Mr, Steyn as a coward acking
enough moral courage toacce;t the situation,
The President remained unmoved

The envoy that Gen, B
the surrender of the town Was a captured mem-
ber of the Exeeutive Council, vamed Palmer
Ho, like John Steyn, the President's brother,
was a willing The seone of the
formal handing of the keys of the
pulls offices the summit of a
kopje such as the Boers know well how to
defend, Here Gen Roberts awaited the denu-
tation, the muzzies of Kins pointing
grimly toward the capita When the dele.
gates had the bill and ie
Iyted = Gen Roberts most respectfully

 

on

berts sent to demand

prisoner
over
was

his

climbed

wy received with gratification his nasurance |

ot
re was no further

at the lives and property
would not beinjured if th
Opposition. The interview wos entirely free
from any sense of humiliation, The delegates
though undemonstrative, seemed relieved that
the anxiety wasende!

The British found no wounded Boers in the
town, Gen, Roberta asked if they had been

Cleveland # Subarb of New York,
Leave New York 6.80 P. M., arrive Cleveland next
Bornive for breakfast, by Lake Shore Linitedof New
‘ork Central, superb service; no excers fare,—Adv,

aA

the inhabitants |

|

!

WY

ol

Snow or sleet and cold to-day;

NEW YORK, FRIDAY, MARCH 16, 1900.-COPYRIGHT, 1900, BY THE SUN PRINTING AND PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION,

removed because the British did not treat the
wounded wel], Mr. Fraser replied that the
Boers did not like fish so they did not wish to
@0 to Cape Town

There is no seareity of common foodstuffs
fn the capital, and the district
of cattle, Forage, however, is
abundant, The British found in
town most of their convoy, which = the
Boers captured at the Riet Hiver, They also
secured the dynamite magazine, two wagon
loads of Mauser ammunition, much railroad
plant and bridging material and many prisoners
numbers of burghers surrendering their arms
Many had already fled from their homes and
numbers are trekking east and north with
their cattle and goods.

Seven wounded British officers and sixty
wounded men were found in the hospital, In-
cluded [on the number were several members
of the Suffolk Regiment

Business has been resumed and ali the bar-
ricades have been removed from tha shops

The correspondents eulogize the endurance
and energy of the troops, ‘The Guards Brigade
marched from & PL M. on Mareh 12
to 1 P.M. on Mareh 13, with only two
and oa half hours sleep, but, says
the Tiines's correspondent, every ian in the
force is willing to work until he drops for Gen
Roberts. Every march, every movement, every
Victory increases his popularity and strengthens
the army's confidence in him, The correspond
ent ascribes high oredit to the commissarist,
that department daily furnishing provisions
and forage, without a hiteh for 40,000 men and
18,000 horaes

A despatch from Bloemfontein dated March
13 says: “The Union Jack hoisted over the
residency was specially made by Lady Rob-
erts, the wife of the Commander-in-Chief,
President Steyn's brother entertained Gen,
Freoch at his farm yesterday, Gen. Roberta
took breakfast with him to-day.’

The 7imea correspondent confirma the report
that Gen, Joubert, with 3,000 men, was pre-
vented from arriving at the capital on Tuesday
by the teariag up of the rallway

A despatch to the JDa.'y Mail
Lorenzo Marques says that
commandoes are massing at Warren-
ton, where the Free State Boers
will make astand. This seems tobe an echo of
an old story, but if it accurately represents the
Present Situation it suggests that the supposed
Kimberley column moving to the relief
Mafeking is endangered unless it pussed the
Vaal River a long time ago.

The Chronicle, in a second edition, printsa
}ijoumfontein despatch saving that at Mon-
day's meeting of the Exeoutive Couneil
iu Bloemfontein President Steyn was uc-
cused of selling the country. Burghers
who had long been hostile to him = care:
fully watched the Presidency. Mr. Steyn sent
his family away on Sunday and subsequently
left seeretly and unatrended. When his flight
was discovered Messrs. Kellner and Fraser
assumed control) of the = district. The
burghers declared that fr Steyn
was a traitor and decided to discontinue the
war, President Krfiiger and President Steyn
were evilently estranged when they were at
loplar Grove,

not
the

from
strong

of

LEYDS GOES TO

Transvaal Agent Reported as Saying That
He Does Not Expect Intervention.

pr, HOLLAND,

Special Cable (espatcA to Tag SUN

Lonpon, March 14.—A despaten tothe Morn-
ing Post from Brussels says that Dr. Leys,

} the diplomatic agent of the Transvaal, has

gone to Holland, He kept his departure a
secret.

It is believed that the object of hia visit is to
confer with M. de Beaufort, the Duteh Mints-
ter of Foreign Affaira, who received last week

a telegram from the Dutch Consul at Pretoria

appealing in President Kriger’s behalf forthe |

intervention of Holland. The Cabinet discussed
the question on Tuesday,

Dr. Leyds is represented as saying that he
did not expect any power to intervene

VAN REENEN'S PASS?
Buller Reconnottres the Boer Poasttion

~French Captures 12 Locomotives,
Special Cable Despatch to Tak SUN

From Tue Sux's Correspondent at Cape Town,

Cape Towy, Mareh 15, 11:50 A. M.—Lieuts,
Grant, Thorold and Leigh of the South Afri-
can Horse have made a successful reconnols-
aance of Van Reenen'’s Paas, leading from
Nata! into the Orange Free State. They auc-
ceqded in getting behind the hoer laager and
learned that the pass was occupied by two
commandoes with twoguns, They discovered

TO ATTACK

| many embrasures for artillery,

Compton's Horse marched as escort to the
Honourable Artillery Company of London
upon the arrival of the latter here

Gen. French has cut the rafiway north of
Bloemfontein and captured twelve
motives,

loeoe

ANSULTS TO BRITISH AT DRESDES,

German Government Expresses Deep Ke-
gret at the Occurrences,
Speeral Cable Despatch to Tar Sus

Lonpon, Mareh 15.—In the House of Com-
moneto-day the Re. Hon, William St. John
Brodrick, Under Secretary of Foreign Affairs,
state thatthe strong representations which
had been made to Germany regarding the in-
sults to British residents of Dresden, the tear-
ing down of the Union Jack from the Anglo-
American Club and the disfiguring of the
English church, hadelicited from that Govern-
mentan expression of deo) regret. The flag

| had been restored and the suspected persons

arrested.

CONFERENCES WITH CONSUL nay,
The Pretoria Government's Communication

With Our Representative.

Sreeral Cable Despatch to Tue Bus
Lorenzo Marngues, March 15.—The Standard
and Diggers’ Nees of Johannesburg, in its
issue of Mareh 11, announces that important
conferences have taken place during the past

| fow days between the Government and Mr,
} Adelbert

Ilay the American Consul at

Pretoria

MORE TROOPS FROM NEW ZEALAND,

Secretary Chamberlnin Gladiy Accepts an
Offer of 500 Men for South Africa,
Npecral Cable Deapateh to Tat Sus~

Lonnosx, March 15 Colonial
Chamberlain stated in the House of Commona
to-dav that a further offer from New Zealand
of men for service in South Afriea had
heen gladly accepted. New Zealand's total of
14% men ts equivalent In proportion to the
poy ulation of the two countries to 80,000 fron
(ireat Britain

The despatch of troops to South Afriea eon.
tinues unceasingly. A battatton of 1,110 men
of the Seotes Guards sailed frou Sout ampto

t

Seoretary

Huw

this morning

YMb BRATS WAN Tas

tre Now Quoted at a Premiam

Tis Per Cent,

Bonds of

x eta ple f
Lonpow, Mareh 15.-The applications from
Rome forthe war loan
The list has been closed, but the amountoff
is not yet known
The bonds are qnoted atl’, per cent. pra-
mium.

eh f) Tre Sew

our { (any

red

Joubert Returns to the Prone,

Special (uble lespi'ch lo Tur Bow
Lonpon, March 15.—It is reported from Pra-
toria that Gen, Joubert le(t again for the front
on March 12

BOER REPLY TO SALISBURY,

is full |

STATE SECRETARY
THE REAL

REIT1Z°S IDEA OF
CAUS OF WAR,

Tells “The Sun’? Correspondent That Boer
Ariwaments Were Justified by the Jame-
son Raid and the Discovery ot Documenta
Showing That an Attack on the Repub-
lies Had Been Contemplated for Years,

Speeval Cable Despates to Tak SuN
From Tur Sen's Correspondent at Pretori.

Mareh 13, Lorenzo

State Secretary with

reference to Lord Salisbury's reply refusing

PRETORIA, noon, via

Marques. eitz says,
the peace proposals made by the republics, that
the statement of the British Prime Minister
that the ultimatum of the republics was the
first step in the direction of war, is untrue,

The real truth, he declares, is that the war
was brought about by the continuous threat
on the part of the British Government after
the Bloemfontein conference to bring about
changes in the internal government of the
Transvaal, although this was totally against
the rights guaranteed to the South African
tepublic by existing conventions, There were
also threats in the abnormal number of British
troops which were being concentrated in the
vicinity of the borders of the two republics,
and in the intimation of Sir Alfred Milner,
Governor of Cape Colony,to President Steyn
of the Orange Free State, that these troops
were intended to he used only against the
Transvaal

The negotiations were then suddenly broken
off, with the threat that the British Govern-

ment would take its own steps to remove the |

Grievances of its subjects. The republics
waited two full weeks, while Colonial Secre-
tary Chamberlain made continuous bellicose
Sir Alfred Milner refused to give
President Steyn an explanation of the warlike
preparations of the British, An army corns
was shipped to South Africa, and the British
reserves Were called out, all of which showed

Bpeeches,

belligerent intentions

It was only then that a firm communication,
which the British people call an ultimatum,
was addressed to her Majesty's Government
domanding the removal of the troopa on the
bordera of the republics, and the settlement of
all differences by means of impartial arbitra-
tion. That message was intended to preserve
peace, not to precipitate war

All the armaments of the republics were
These
armaments were justified owing to the dia-
covery of secret documents and military in-
structions showing that an attack upon the
republica had been contemplated for years.

made subsequent to the Jameson raid

OUR OFFER TO GREAT BRITAIN,

Text of Secretary Hay's Mediation Pro-
posal Read in the House of Commona.
Special Cable Deapatch to Tae Sun.
Loxpoyx, March 15.-The kt. Hon, A. J.
Balfour, Firat Lord of the Treasury and Gov.
ernment leader in the House of Commons,
stated to-day In reply to a question by Mr.
William Redmond, Nationalist, as to whether

the United States had offered {ta services to |

bring about peace, that ou March 13 Mr. White,
the American Chargé d’Affatres In London, had

; communicated to Lord Salisbury the following

telegram from Secretary of State Hay:

“By way of friendly good offices, you will
inform the British Minister of Foreign Affairs
thatI am in receipt of a telegram from the
United States Conaul at Pretoria representing
that the Governments of the South African
republics request the President of the United
States to offer intervention with a view to a
cessation of hostilities A similar request has
been made to representatives of European
powers.

“In communicating this request Lam asked
to express the hope that a way of bringing
about peace may be found. I will be glad to
ald in any friendly manner to bring about so
happy a result,”

Lori Salisbury in reply requested Mr, White
to convey the sincere acknowledgements of

the |

Dritish Government to the United States for |

the friendly tone of thelr communication and
to say that the Government did not propose to
accept Intervention from any power in South
African affairs

INTERVENTION NOW IMPOSSIBLE,

French Minister of Foreign Affairs Replies
to a Query in the Senate,
Special Cable Despatch to Tar Sus

Panis, March 15.— Replying toa queation by
Senator Chaumie to-day, M. Deleass’, the Vin-
ister of Foreign Affairs, stated that Presidents
Krdger and Steyn had approached the powers
with the view of their intervention between the
South African republics and Great Britain.
Lord Salisbury’s reply to the telegram of the
Boer Presidents, however, had made interven-
tion by the powers impoasible,

In the course of his reply M. Deleass’ de-
nied emphatically that the Freneh Govern-
ment at any time during the warhad refused to
nssociate itself with a disinterested effort to
stop the hostilities, or that {it had dia-
cournged the idea of mediation, He also denied
that a shadow of divergence existed inthe
views of Franee and Russia, “between whom

| the accord daily grew closer, more confidential
| and more active, defying all insinuations and

all illeintentioned suspicions.”

THE DANGER TO JOHANNESBURG,

Chamberlain Says Kruger Has Been

Warned Not to Destroy Property.
Spectal Cable Despatch to TAR BUN,

Lonpon, March 15, Replying to a question
in the House of Commons to-day as to the re-
ported wrecking of the coal mines near Lady
smith and the determination on the part of
the Boers to demolish the machinery of the
gold mines and destroy the principa! buildings
at Johannesburg, Colonial Secretary Chamber.
lain stated thatthe matter wae under serious
consideration by the Government,

President Krizer hal been warned at the
commeneement of the war that he and his
Government would be expected to protect the
lives and property of peaceable citizens. Kriger

an! his Government will be held responsi.

| ble forany damage that may be done to prop-

erty

Iwo Ministers Expelled Froma Conference,

Hoston, Mass., March 15,—At this morning's
the New Fngland branch of the
Church fn Assoclation Hall in
spirited discussion arose over tha

seasion of
Evangelica
Lyerett a

| character of preachers during the past year

Ikshon Bowman presided and it was voted
to dismiss from the conference the Rey, Aaron
Hartt of the Everett Chureh and the Rev, John
Shor of Cambridwe, because of their “un.
ebristtan and uomintatertal conduct” toward
the Churen, The trouble with them dates pack
to lng: December, when the church over which
Mr. Hortt presided withdrew from the Fran.
gelical Chureh

Moat Superb Day Train in the World,
The “Royal Limited,” leaves New York, South
Ferry and foot of Liberty * daly & P, M., ar-
Splendid Dininy

tives Washington 4 P. M, and Cats
Car Bervice,- Aas 7"

FORMULA FOR MIND CURE,

Christian Science “Word Argument” Used
on F, L, Tuttle—His Sait (or @20,000,

Bavtimore, March 15. —Dey otees of Christian
BSclence are much concerned over the /awsuit
brought by Frank L. Tuttle of this city,
against two readers of the First Church of
Christian Sctence of this city, Otto Nordhoff
and Edward H. Hammond, for $20,000
for failure to cure him of sickness
In his complaint Mr. Tuttle, who
@& poultry dealer, says that he fell
on Sept. 12, 181), and called Nordhoff,
who, a8 hag been asserted, “was able to

cure all diseases.” Tuttle was treated with
“word arguments ’ N
word argument offered by Nordhoff;

is

on

“Prior to treating, of course, get your mind |

in a fair state, by shutting out the sense
of testimony, and feel your oneness with
your Father which is in deaven, and take
up the thought as foll.wa; Repent the
actantife statement of being, 8. & H., 464,
and then silently argue: ‘Mortal mind, you

eannot talk to me and make me believe re |
in- |

I be- | fleieney in

Tam not enjoying the dest of health
sist on the great fret that God is all
ing created by the one mind, which ts God,
reflect only that which is harmonious; there
fa no discord tn the Divine mind; henee, it
cannot be reflected upon me in any way,
shape or form. Mortal mind, you

me;youare alfar, aod you shail be reduced
to your native vothingness. You cannot
bring up in appearance any false beliefe,

for there are none; health is nota condition of |

matter; it is a state of mind, God is my
atrength, and 7 am under His omnipotent
care

This was specified as Cure No.1, and Cure
No. 2 was similar in part to Cure No. 1, among
other expressions being: “lam tn God's care,
and error. single or combined, has no power
over me; health fa nota condition of matter;
all action is of the one mind, which is God
Good

“Note
the right snot.
realize the presence of health and
find it will be so,”

Tuttle didn't get better. He says he was
kept in aolitude. Finally bis limbs ewelled and
burat, Gangrene set in. At ‘ast Hammond,
who ia the first reader ofthe Christian Selence
Chureh, was called in. He treated Tuttle by
putting his hand to hie own head for several
Aavaand mumbling some words Tuttle paid
Nordhot? $5 for a book on Christian Beience
TO BE RETURNED

TO FRANKFORT,

Orders From a Judge That the Political
Prisoners Be Sent Back,

Frangrort, Ky., March 15
sued to-day by County Judge Moore for the
return of Secretary of State Caleb Powers, Au-
ditor’s Clerk W, H. Culton and Capt. John Davis
to Frankfort to-morrow. They will be held in
the Franklin County Jai] until a date for an
examining trial is arranged. The examining
trialof Hazelipp will be had probably at the
same time. County Attorney Il’olsgrove tos
night held a conference with Attorneys W
Ramsey, James Sima and John W. Rodman
for the defence to agree on a date for the ex.
amining trial. Polsgrove said the triala would
not be had before next week because witnesses
Were scatterea over the State and could not be
summoned here before that time

Capt. Parker of the London militia company,
where the State arma have been removed, was
bere to-dav and heldalongconterence with Gov.
Taylor. Rumors of Taylor's removal to Lon-
don were revived, but there is no foundation to
them .

The day has been without ineitent further
than the killtr@ of Garland Breeding, aged Ho,
by James Horton, aged 22. making the sixth
killing withia ths month, the slayers of al! but
two coming from distant parts of the State
Breeding was advancing on Horton with a
knife and whip to easault him ina row arising
31 the failure of Horton to pay an aceount of

Representative Haswell! and other citizens of
Breckenridge county signed a statement deny-
ing the statement attributed to the late Sheriff
Burton, in which he tolaof an alleged easting
lota to asaassinate Goebel. They say that Bor-
ton lefthere on Janu. 26. four days before the
assassination.

WHEELER 10 APPLY FOR HIS SEAT,

The General Will Have His Resignation
Accepted and Then Go to the House,

Arnanta, Ga, Mareh 15.—-Qen. Joe Wheeler
arrived in Atlanta to-day on the way from
San Francisco to Washington. He spent an
hour and one-half here. With the
eral were his private secretary, Mr W
Garrett and an interpreter from Guam, Mr.
Roby. The other members of the party, Miss
Mary Wheelerand Miss Davis.a niece of Senator
Elkins, were left in San Francisco. Tn apeak-

ing of the mission which is taking him direet |
| to Washington he said

“When Lieft for the Philippines [ prom.
ised the President that I weald return
in time to take my = gseat in Congress.
1 resigned my commission as a Briga-
dier-General of Volunteers on Nov, 28° lust,
Hinee then have been expecting
ders ot) return to the Unite! States
1 was surprised to see through the newspapers
that my resignation had not yet been accepted
As soon as lL wet to Washington IT shall urge the
acceptance of my resignation and then T shal
presen’ myself before the barof the House of
tepresentatives to take the oath of office,”
The General did not say what stepa he would
take If his right to take the oath ia questioned
48 appears inevitable, but there is no doubt
that he will make a stroug flaht for his seat

WILL FOUND AFTER 18 VERARS,

Last Testament of Mra, Young,
arian, Discovere:| in a Drawer

PirrsrieLp, Mess., March lS —A lawyer from
Chatham, N. Y,, is now making an artempt to
prove a will which has heen missing
7882 and which was found last week in a se
cret drawer of an antigqne desk, whieh has
long been the property of Mrs. Jane Anna
Wolllson of this city The will

that of Mra, Lucinda Young, who died in New
Lebanon, \. Y., in 1882, at the age of one hune
dred years, Atthetime of her death no trace
of her will could be found. although her
heirs were sure that she had exe-
euted one Rearch was made throughout
the house, but the missing paper eould
not be located. As there was no means of as-
certaintnug how the cantenarian wished to di
vide her estate, an agreement was reache!
between the heirs sharing the property
equitably, The desk tn whieh the will
was found was mrt oof the share
that fell to Mrs Woillison, and
in handling the piece of furniture one day last
week a spring was touched which dis-
closed the seerat compartment and the
missing document, In the will Mra
Young bequeathed some of the property to
the Pittetield Methodist Church, the
branch of the American Hitle Soctety and
Ameriean Misstonary Society. A number of
private bequests were alan made

since

MORGUE BOAT SIUCK IN THE MUD,
Her Load of Corpses a Long Time on the

Way to Potter's Field,

The Morgue boat Thomas 5. Brennan left
the Charities pier at noon yesterday loaded
with corpses for Potter's Field. She stuck tn
the mud off Clanson’s Point and did pot get
away until high tite att) oclock last night
Then she continued hertrip to Hart's tsland.

TAMMANY CONVENTION QUARTERS.
J. Wo. and J. L. Boyle at Kansas City to

Secure Rooms for 600 HKraveas,

Kansas City, Mo,, Mareh 15.—J
and Joseph LL. Boyle, representatives
Tammany, arrived here from
day to select headquarters and rooma for the
Tammany braves, who will attend the National
Convention. They want 125 rooma in addition
to the headquarters. Tammany wil! bring
HOO men to the convention tn addition to the
Ntate delegation

A vacant store haa been secured fora aepers!
hea'quarters, and the leaders of the delega-
tion will probably satay at the Baltimore Horel.

of

Americans at the Queen's Drawing Room.
Special Cable feapa'eA to THe Bcw

Loxpoy, March 15.—At the Drawing Room
to-day, held by the Princesa of Wales for the
Queen, the wife of the Swedish Minister pre-
sented Mra, Jostah Pierce and Minas Pierce of
Raltimore, and Mise Ida Hungersford and
Mrs. Layfayette De Friese of New York,

If you contemplate visiting the Bathe this epring,
they are in ®t, Angustine more fully equipped thin
apy ip the world. Book there now and for April.
Through traine from 8t Augusiine north.—4dde,

iil |

until Dee, 24.) This was a |

cannot |
talk to me and use any personality to strike at |

You wil! find thia will and must reach |
Argue this silently and then |
you will |

| ceiving ship

Orders were is-

 

| high state of efflelency

} wasin

|} amonth

Gen- |

| of coffee

a Centen-

{se |

lowal |

W. Boyle |

DUTY FOR ADMIRAL DEWRY

IMPORTANT ORDER
SUED BY SECRETARY

AN 7O BR

LONG,

It Creates a Board of Officers of High Rank |
of

the General Stati
Dewey Will
Be Appointed President of the Board.

Corresponding to

Kuropean Navies—Admiral

WasuhinGgton, Mareh 15.-One of the most
important steps ever undertaken ju tho his-
tory of the Navy will be announced oMelally to
afew davs in an order signed by Seeretary
Long, which is being prepared for promulga-
tion. In addition to providing respousible
duty for Admit al Dowey, it creates a board of
officers of high rank corresponding to the
General Staff Kuropean naval powers.
This board will constitute a permanent stra-
tegic committee, whose duties generally wil! be
to keep the Navy up to a high standard of ef-
preparation for a war, to arrange
plans for theoperation of American fleets and
for home defence, and to waive alviee to the
Government when hostilities are in progress
as tothe methods of strategy to be employed
by the Navy.

The order
Staff shall
bers and three other
oMeers, The ex-oflici) members are to
be the Admiral of the Navy, who will
President; the Chief of the Bureau of Naviga-
tion, the chief intelligence officer of the Navy
and bis principal assistant, and the Presi-

ol

that the
sx exeolticio meme.
members, all naval

provides
consist of

| dent of the Naval War College and bis prineipal

assistant. The officers thus provided for are Ad-
miral Dewey, Rear Admiral AS, Crowninsbield,
Chief ofthe Navigation Bureau; CaptaiuCharles
D. Bigsbee, chief intelligence oMeer; Lieuten

ant-Commander George I. Peters,Principal As-
sistant inthe Naval Intelligence Offlve; Capt
Charles H. Stoekion, President of the Naval!
War College. and Capt. Asa Walker, Principal
Ass{atant in the Naval War College, The three
other members are to be offleers of the grade
of Commander or higher, one of whom will be
Capt. Henry C. Taylor, commanding the re-
Vermont atthe New York Navy
The tyro others have not been selected,

Yard,

but Secretary Long is thinking of taking one of |

them from the listo! Kear Admirals

Under the terms of the order the General
Staff must meet in Washington onee a month,
and twice a year the sessions must laet for at
least a week It will be kept fully informed as
tothe etate of foreign wave! establishin nts,
the progress of naval matters abroad, plans to
be carried out in the event of war with certain
foreign nations, and al! information that
would be of value to the Goverpinent in a
foreign conflict, In addition, the Genera
Staff is expected to advise the Seeretary of tho
Navy in regard to matters pertaining to our
own naval establishment, but to what extent
has not been defined. It is not to supersede
the
considered by that board will probably aso be
discussed and reported on by the General Stal?

“The order isthe result of several) years of
study by Capt. Taylor, said Secretary Long
thisevening, “and he has heen engaged re-
cently in this work at the Naval War College
The board, which will correspond to the Gen-
eral Staff of foreign navies, will be kept tn
close touch with the Naval War College, which
prepares plans for war, and the Naval Intelli-
gence Office, which gathers information forthe
navy. Itison that account that the President
of the War Coliewe abd his assistant and the
chiet intelligence officer and his assistant will
be members. In time of war it will bea stra-
tegic board.”

Capt. Henry ©. Taylor, the aurhor of the sug-
gestions which have culminated jn th@organ-
ization of the General Staff, was President of
the War College for several years. and during
his term there brought that tnatitution up toa
Io the war with Spain
commanded the battleship Indiana, and
tharge of that vesselin the fight with
Cevera's squadron, When detached from the
command ofthe Indiana, in October, 14, he
wenttothe War College at Nawport to perfect
nis plans for the work of the General Stal’, and
‘ter Was aasigned to duty 4s senior
meno ® Board on Coaling Stations

The famous Naval War Board of the Spanish-
American War, erroneously called the Strategy
Pourd, Was @ temporary organization called
into being by the exigencies of the oecasion
The General Staff will, in the event of another
war, suceeed to the duties of the War Board
By reason of its olose study of naval strategical
problems it will be qualified to propose plans
which will have the meritof having been care-
fully thought out in the lightof allthe Informa.
tion which the Government is able to gather.

MRS. HASBROUCK'S GIRL VISITOR,

| Told a Story As to Her Restdence—After-

ward Found With Her Clothes Afire,

Agirlabout I years old, who said she was
Mamie Simith, called at the home of Mrs. Mas-
brouek at 536° Mudson street, Hoboken, at 6
o'vlock yesterday morning and asked fora cup
She saldshe had no home and had
slept in a ferevhouse the previous night. Mra
Hasbrouck gave her something to eat. She

toll astory of having been formerly employed
by a Mra, Riley at S00 Faat Thirty-fourth
street, this city She said that she went out
yesterday for awalk and when she returned
she found thatthe home of her employer had
been burned to the ground Mrs. Hasbrouck

had oeension todo some shopp.ng in thia city |

She discovered that the girl's story
Upon returning home she ques-
tioned her, but the girl stuck to her story,

Shortly after 2 o'clock yeaterday afternoon
Mrs. Hasbrouck detected smoke in her home,
Khe wentdown futothe basement and tound
the girl Ising onthe tloorin front of the fure
hance with her clothes afire, A quantity of
burnt paper was seattered about her An
alarm of fire was sent in, but before the flames
Were extinguisced the girl was seriously
hurned about the body She was removed to
Bt, Mary's Hospital, where it was said that her
condition was critica!

yesterday
was false

THE HUNGER OF DAVID PETERS,
Apparently No Amount of Food Will Satisfy
It-Sent to Insane Pavilion,

David Peters was taken from the Wast Sixty-
eighth street police station yesterday to Belle-
vue Hospital! Sergt,
was starving Charles Erakine of 326 West
Seventy-first atreet had the man arrested on
Wednesday afternoon, Petera was accused of
stealing a quart bottle of milk from a window
ledge in the basement of Erskine'’s house and
drinking it. Before that he was aceused of
eftealing © workman's lunch from a tool house
atthe footof the street, When he was taken
tothe station a tellow prisoner shared his sup.

er with bim Doorman Michael Coacoran
brought a cup of coffee and a sandwich to
Peters and Sergt. Churchtll contributed asixty-
eent supper a | yesterday morning the
prisoner woke up He said he was still atarve

ing and Churehtil sent him to the insane pavil- |
At the hospital Peters said he |

fon at Bellevue
was of Seoteh birth, He bad
on Erglish merehaot ships
owned a“pub’ in London
never been 80 hungry before

satled for years
His wite, he said,
He sald he had

4 ¢HURCH WITHOUT MUSIC,

George KR. MeKenzie'a Idea Not Proved by
the Reault to Be a Good One,

The late millionaire, George K
who Was for many years President of the Singer
sewing Machine Company, during hia lifetime
built Rehureh and parsonage in Barrow atreet,
Jersey City, for the use of the Scottish Presby-
terian Church, and stipulated in his deed of

> | wit that no musical instrument should aver te
New York to- |

putin the church, Mr. MeKenzie belleved that
the preaching of the Gospel should he anf.
ficient to attract people to the services without
the ald of any atde attractions, The anciety
however, has had a hard struggle to wet a
Without running inte debe, fr has deeided t
abandon the strug@ eand transferthe property
to the Jersey City
sum, with a view of having legal proce lings ins
atituted tohave Mr McKengia'a Jeet modifed
80 that an organ may be put in the church

Welleome Haan’t Quarrelled

John B. Welleome of Montana, formerly
attorney for the Hon, Willlam A, Clark, 4 at
the Waldorf-Astoria, Mr. Walleome, who has
been disbarre | by the Supreme Court of Mon-
tana, said Inst evening that the put ished re-
porte that he ha! quarrelied wiih Mr. Clark
were absolutely without fonndarion. and that
he wished to deny them utterly Mr Weil-
come also said that he was contiient of rein-
statementatthe bar in Monrana. on! thathe
believed it would s00n become apparent thut
@u injustice had been done him.

Wthh Clark.

General

be |

| warned away

 

Board of Couatructions, huteome subjects |

| Ogiivie |
tind that every person in the car had been |

|

put
| thathe was in a serious condition,
' was badly damaged bythe upset,
| the passengers deolined medical attention and |

| boarded the next car

Churehi!! said Peters |
| while

MeKenatle, |
Steamer Berths for 15,000 Have Been En-

Preshytery for a nominal |

————

BEIGHT-UOLR SHIFIS FOR SERVANTS,

The Experiment of Mra. Emmons Blaine
in Chicago and Its Results,

CurcaGo, Mareh 15.-Mrs. Fmmons
has organized her
principles. Her servants
hours a day, a aystem having
adopted which divides their duties into
“watches” or “shifts.” The innovation applies
to cooks, maids, butlers, laundresses, coach:
men and all the others belonging to Mrs
Blaine’s establishment, whose duties
begin at Ho'elock in the morning are relieved
at 20 clock in the afternoon by a force that stays
on watch until 10 o'clock at night, The syst:
was introduced about ten days ago and is said
to have proved highly satisfactory, It is said
to have been suggested to Mrs. Blaine by Prof
Patrick Geddes of Edinburgh, who wetured in
Chicago two weeks ago

Mrs. Blaine's action has caused some
cern among Chicago housekeepers who fear
thet domestic servants will now begin a
troublesome agitation for shorter and more
regular hours

work only

Those

eons

ALLEGED BOYCOTT OF CANADTANS,

Cape Nome Miners Said to Have Started
One in Retaliation for the Atlin Laws.

Mareh 15.—D. Menzies,

Vancouven, B. 6

elehet |

'
'

Lining |
household on labor union }

|

been |

|

) own purty ends

fair and cold to-morrow.

—

PRICE TWO CENTS.

UPROAR AT COOPER UNION,

i ———

PLO-BOLR MEMIING
1 roiirie

TURNED INTO
{h DEMONSTRATION,
Howts Jeers for President

aod MeKinley

Voile bryan=

the
Montagu White's biibarrns

and ons Cheers tor

Did Not
cing Posttion

Pven Preots Pscape=

Apparently f
eouth t
the Boor mas ecting
night. Hoots, groans. yells, }
msde a carnival of e or abou
thine while the proceedings we

naking une

ittended
r Union last
and hisses
half of the
or
ul things
e express ous of

outburst was

» President of
‘tary Tavs name was
yard Po opling came in for

The unfail nase
itvexpressed at all the pr wrimeetings in
this city toward President MetKinley has given
rise tothe Detlef that certain elever politiclans
are making use of the Boer movement for their

-

the piarrpos

sesiat

itsix handle ey
wis

re going on
course all referenees to boaghand and
British were greeied with th
disaoproval, but the

bestowed upon t har
the United States. Seer
hooted and even Ru
his shure of the his

Wille

begat

Por the flest time in this city Montagu White,
whe is the accredited though not the officially

Canadian Collector of Customs atthe Atlin gold | recognized representative of the Boer repubs

flelds, who arrived from the Klondike country

to-day, said that in revenge forthe alleged bad

treatment of Americansat Atlin a committee

hes in America, spoke pull!
ofthe war, His greeting
astic, but because he

icly on the subsect
was most enthusle
temperately and

has been formed atCape Nome torun all Cana | caimiy he was a disappointment to his adie

| dians out of the American placer flelds,

Mr. Menzies, who came here by way of Seat-

{| ence, who got little chance during his speech

toindulze in their favorite vocal exercises,

tle, says that the committee has spotters in | His reference to the President near the end of

Beattle and that all Canadians booking forthe

his speech was the signal for such a hullabaloo

Nome country will, on their arrival, be met by | that he hay to beg for a hearing to explain hia
the Anti-Canadian Vigilance Committee and | position

diane has been increased by the talk of retalia-
tion In British Columbia because of the alleged
refusal of the United States authorities to allow

This feeling against the Cann. |

The meeting Was opened by George M. Van
Hoesen, who referred to the situation at the
time of the great pro-Boer meeting at the
Grand Ceaotral Palace in January, and said that

a British boat to carry freight and passenger® | though the fortunes of battle might seem to

CAR RUNS WILD DOWN HILI,

; Ate
Panic Ameng the Passengers, and One of | 4! the mos

Them Badly Hurt,

While Car
the Third avenue
north down the
and Broadway jast night, the motorman,
John Pieden, loat the brake and the
var plunged down the hill at terrifle speed

troliey road was

steep hill at

The conduetor, Philip Rogers, was thrownover | whistling to keep up their courage
the dashboard ut the first lurch the car made, |

but fell into a snowdrilt and was bot injured,

There were twelve passengers in the
five of them women
plunge down the hill, there was a panic The
women sereamed and fought with the male
passengers to get to the door, intending to
mp off into the snow,

to the door, the car left the track. It ran over

the macadamized road @ short distance and at |

vith street and Manhattan street upset
A polleeman who heard the
inssengers turned jo an alarm fo
lood Wright Hospital, and two
Jances responded in charge of Drs
and Campbell The surgeons

the J.

seratched up and bruised, but that only two
were seriously hurt. They were the motorman,
who was badly cut over the head, and was
taken to the hospital, and William Harrison of
2078 Manhattan avenue, who had been

thrown the entire length of the car and had |
Harrison wae |

injuries,
the Physicians, eald
he car

The reat of

internal

sustained
bed and

to

BK. H.R. GREEN FOR VICI «PRESIDENT,

Texas Repubiioans Decide to Boom Mrs.
Hetty Green's Son for the Honor,
Austin, Tex., Mareh 15.—The Hon, BE. H.R
Green, chairman of the Texas Kepublican Ex-

ecutive Committee andson of Mra. Hetty Green |
| of New York city ia the choice of the Republi-

can leaders of Texas for Vice-President on the
National Republican ticket. The boom tn favor
of Mr. Green for the Vice- residential nomina-
tion has been started quietly and {t is said by
the promoters of the movement that {t meets
with much general favor among
Jeadera of the party in the Fastand North, A
number of these leaders, including Senator

Hanna, have been communicated with on the |

subject and tt ia anid that they ave not averse
to Mr. Green's nomination, ff upon further tn-

vestigation It is shown that he fs acceptable to |
| the

masses of the voters_of the party. Mr,
Green's political friends in Texas say that the
fact that he is closely identified with the bust-

neas interests of the Fast and the West makes |
him doubly aeceptable to the large business |

interests of the country
The fact is also cite |
nomenal success as the leader of the

| that he has had phe-
arty in

! 'Toxas in the matter of maintaining and butld- |

ing up {ts organization. Mrs Green is said to
have given her warm approval of her son's
high politioal ambition

NOT WORKLD OUT,
of Rich Finds
Gay Creeks,

March

KLONDIKE

on Sulphur and

Reports

Vierorta, BC. 15.—Norman PD.

2:5 of the Boulevard division of | ' '
going | ‘em off!

L1ith street |

ear, |

When the car began to |

sefore they could get |

erien of the |

ambu- |

the |

} to Nome on the ground that itis not a port of | have changed, yet the struggle was not yet
j entry

lostand the Boers were disputing every step
and holding the British in eheck. His refere
; ences to the British, who, be said, were using
t murderous instruinents of modern

| warfare, and firing shells that poisone | the air,
roused his audience to enthusiastic shouts off
“Murderers! ‘They're yellow dogs!” “Kill
“Qom Paul will settle their hash!”
and other leas decorous expressions

“There'll be many an empty saddle and
j fallen gun before the gwar is over.’’ said Mr,

Van Hoesen, “The BAtish, who control all
the war correspondents, seni out despatehnes
| that the War is almost over They are only
This war
wont end until che Boers are in their graves or
| the English ore in flight, Whatever chanee of

earlier peace there may have been before Salis-
bury’a announcement—subjaugation; national
annihilation for the South African republies!
-that ended it. Those sturdy fariners know
how to stand steadfast against England.

“The Irish’ll show you bow,” cried a man io
the nudience, and there a a how! of glee.

“What can the Ameri®an people do? Some
say theycan Oo nothing, But we have seen
whata word ‘om the President of the United
States

\ atorin of hoots, groans and hisses drowned
out the resto! the speech, and aman ina rear
2eat changed the outburst to cheers and laugh-
ter by shouting:

be

“Me Kinley’s
quick,’

The pext few sentences of bis speech as
| amended by the audience constituted a fair
| epecimen of the remainder of the address,
They ran about as follows:

‘] think the federal Government (Rats! Oh-
hoo!) is bound to do something w stop the war.
(Right vou are!) As yet it bas not lifted a fin-
gerto stop the war. (Shame!) The English
(Boo-o0! Down with England!) boast that
they have the aympathy of the United Btates
It'a alie!) and ail the diplomata at Washing-
ton (Hoo-00 |) believe that there is a secret une
derstanding between the nations, (Ss-a-se-
ks!) TL aay that we should call upon the Presi-
dent (Oo-hoo-hoo! Te's too good! Boo!) to
make it known that there ia no each
uuderstandi:g. ([He'’s afraid! Wah!) England
Hoo-noo dare not quarre| with the United
; States. (Well do her up!) She can’t quarrel
withus, ‘Hooray’ Let ‘or come on.) Bhe's 6
wild beast inacage (Whoop!) who must be fed
from outside. Let useome forward and show
where we stand. (Who's afraid! McKinley?) [
don't say that we should go so far as armed ine
tervention. (Yes, yea!) But we should mediate,
‘Fight’ Whoop! Wah!) Itis on'y in fear of us
| that the other nations of Europe (Woo! Poo-ove
ooh!) have kept their hands off thus far.”

At the close of his speech Chairman Van
Hoesen introduced Montagu White aalthe repre-
sentative of the Transvaal Republic, who knew
personally all about the causes of the war.
The audience rose aud cheered Mr. White
vociferously. He thanked them for their good
feeling toward the Boer cause and sald that
that cause needed and deserved the aupport of
every American. Mr. White gave a brief re-
sumCofthe Boer trouble with Great Britain
and when he mentioned the recent article by
h pling that author’s name was hissed heart-

ily

“We know.” continued Mr. White, “that ff
ever the Brittah flag waves over Pretoria it
will be only the beg@inning of the trouble in
South Afriea No settlement will be final there
that does pot consider the Dutch settlers, I
myself haven't always stood with President
Kroger. | was whot we call a Jonbert man,
Tbhelonged to the opposition, an! you have an
opposit! in bere too, L believe, [Laughter and
shouts of ‘We'll show ’em in November.”| But
now Im in thorough accord with President
Kriger, He has shown himself a resourceful
and heroie leader, andall factions are forgotten
among the Boers. We are all Nghting for the
nation, App!nause, |

I made astatemont to the press yesterday
about the possible destruction of Johannes-
bure that has caused misgivings. As faras

name’l! Dinnis pretty

 

MoeCauley, the White Horse tremway owner, |

arrived from Dawson City to-day. He saya
that the Klondike {s far from being @ worked.
out fleld, and with improved machinery and
an abor supply this season will
double its gold output,

Sulphur Creek is this year the sensation
of the North and will alone contribute

many millions, On elnim 43, above this creek,
6000 bueketa of dirt a day are being
taken out with the use of steam thawers,
each bueketful containing at least $4
worth of gold, or $36,000 a dav for the claim
Gay Creek is alao proving a big money maker,
confirmatory information is eoming
daily concerning the discovery of rich placers

idequate

lon the Siberian coast opposite Cape Nome

KEEP OUT OF POLITICS
Advice ty the Graduates of Shaw Univer-
sity, a Southern Negro College.

Rareton, N.C, March 15.—The commence-
ment of Bhaw University, one of the leading
negro colleges in thiaconntry, oeeurred to-day
There were four gradnates in law, twelve in
medicine and six in pharmacy
Winship, editor of the New England Journal of
Kulneation, delivered the address, President
Meserve, in delivering diplomas, advised the
negroes to keep out of polities, thongh he
urged them to exerciae the right to vote

'The negro has accomplished two thinga tn
nolities,” he declared: ‘one is the pas nge of
the Tim Crow ear act, the other his diafran-
chisement,.”’

TOLD TO

THOUSANDS GOING TO CAPK NOME,

caged—Abercrombte Party Sails,

Srattre, Wash., March 15.—Theasteamer St
Vaul with Capt, Abercrombte’a
perty sailato-night for Valdes. The expedi-
tlon now numbers fiftvand will be inereased
to 200, who will be engaged tn conatructing a
new wagon road and telegraph line from
Validea to Tenana and &t ichael Three
Million feet of umber has jyuat been purchase!
by the Government for threa army poate to he
established this apring at Valdes, St Michael
and Cape Nome

Upto the present timethe Nome transpor'r
ton companies report the an@~agement of 1
OOO berths to the Nome goid mines

This
eludes only the steamers. A larg

numberof

| sailing era’t will take many more

Latest Marine futeligence,
z Arr.ved: 88 Grenada, Murchison, Trinidat Mach

California Every Day in the Year
Tro magnificently app inted trains leave
for California, day. 6.4
ope tively, via the Chicaco, U
esterd Line Time, ery
Sleeping

nagn
M. and 10:40 b More
ton Pacifle an |S
eand equi ment 1
rrservalepne, rates an) inf ft

h
ne

Bowes, Northwestern Line Vitics 401 Browuway.-
8.

The Rev. 0 F, |

|

|

|
|

|
|

 

|

exploration |
| peace of Pretoria

| the

| pertainive

|

vindiet veness goos Johannesburg is as cafe ae
Brooklyn But we eannot provide a drawing
room for the soldiers of the enemy. [Blow it
up! Biow tt to he tl). The destruction of Moge
cow is aprece tent. In destroying Johannes.
burg there will be nothtag against the inwa of
humanity. [read that President Kroger will
be held personally responsible torany violation
of the laws of bumanity, Well, President Kril-
gerisatle to take care of himself. ‘Cheers,]
Tf he isn't we'll look to you Americans to help
him We'll do it!

“Now Leome to speak on a rather delicate
matter, [t ia possible tnat toenicht attacks
may be tinade on the Administration at
Washington

“It's rotten!" shouted a man onthe plat

“Giveit tothe fnkirin Washington! yelled
another and there was a wild hullabaloo of
groans and hoots

several times Mr, White tried to go on, but
he couldu't get a chanee, and then for a time
the singular apectage was presented of a
foreign spenkerona foreign topie being held
ailent while a supposably American audience
howled insults directed at the Presi lent of tha
naion, Finally Mr. White got a half ehance
and ered

“Lhope you'll give mea hearing. Let
Kpeak and tell you of my position.”

“Oh, soak itto MeKiniey,” besought the au.
dlence

“Tam not here asa partiaan,” continued the
gpeaker, “TL do not speak to you as Repabe
licaus oras Democrata. Lam here only toene
listthe sympathy of the «merican publie for
the Boers only hope that you will give the
President

"He's no good!’
“He's afraid,” and
followed

The

form,

me

audience
of sound

President,” pursned Mr. White
p itiently, ‘a mandate from the neopie that will
ree him todo what you wa him to do: to
entthis war. Ifyoudotha’t we shall be within
measurable distanea ot a civil zed settloment
ofthis war. If the course sugested by Kips
ne. the apostie of Hoo igansm (a volee-
Hurrahfor she [rien iftiat course is to be
folowed and is successfa, the British will have
their foetou the neck of the Boers with thelr
hattavonsand fleet nearat hanudto keep them
there, With snehan ending to the war the
woullt niyan inendent of
a mighty future -trugele
ho ok Milhoiland w has t returned
from Europe, was next introduced and made
MAIN spereh of the evening in point of
He saitin part
ia Mot my pur
fer ¢
bot Ll eannot hey
what wae said
tinwuish: Ain!
“O! all the w
Clete buted
fence of us
hy far the
detled and set atne
ence ofall nations wa
lum MeKiniey, as the
Amertean people
Somemenin the and he
hota of tiisee
eon

shouted the
Bnuother riot

enath
id { se? toenigh?

yanvones

re

that

woinet th

repr

st
ual
What's the matter with M
Small man, standing up it
that he wasn't afra f his pr
He'a A cower! He's a
cownrl! bowled a man outh
Pandemoninm prok oar
ine first golerent soun | to make tself bear
thesealter was @ Lig base jue booms o@b

rie

his ioe tay

He's
mn

*
«
‘

t
4