Fair and warmer to-day.

 

  

 

 

 

   

      
 

a SS ceases ee ere eemneene meee - cme SS eran nee aeerreeenee eee ——————E————— eee j
VOL, LXVIL—NO, 144. NEW YORK, MONDAY, JANUARY 22, 4 wf COPYRIGIMY 1900, BY THE SUN PRINTING AND PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION. PRICE TWO CENTS.
eee a —— way » ' y

 

 

 

 

 

 

WARREN FIGHTS FORWARD. habitable, The health of the town is tairiy | THREE DEA DIN FEUD FI

R000. and ran through to Twelfth street. The

 

PUSHES THE BOERS BACK TWO MILES
sw ANOTHER ALI-DAY BATTLE,
Fightine Geil! All the Way—Buller Says

the Troops Are Making Substantial
Progress-Attack Still on the Enemy's
Right Flank—Henvy Artillery Fire Cov-
ers the Infantry Advance—Boers Defend-
Their Positions With Courage.

Specral Cable Despatches to Tag Sen,

 

ing

Frow Tue Scy’s Correspondent with Gea. Buller’s
Forces,

SpEARMAN'’S CAMP, Saturday, Jan. 20.—
The operations to-day commenced at dawn.
Gen. Warren attacked the Boers, who oc-
ypied a strong position on his right.

The British artillery delivered a heavy
ale l| fire, but the Boers did not reply until
goviork. Then the British concentrated
the fire of their big guns on the enemy's
artillery, while the infantry advanced un-
der it, delivering a heavy rifle fire,

The Boers courageously and tenaciously
beld their position, but they were finally
forend back, and the British swarmed over
the ridge. The Boers retired in good order
and took up a@ second position, which was
pubected to a heavy bombardment with

ie 1
Vault

treat. theenemy being closely pressed by

shells. This foreed a second re-

Gen. Warren's mon.

Gen, Clery’s and Gen, Warren's com-

ponds then bivouacked on the ground
gained, after heavily bombarding for some
The fore-
going was Gen, Warren's and Gen, Clery's
work toward the northwest. (The object

ofthis movement apparently being to get

time the enemy's main position,

around the enemy's right flank.}
uitaneousiy Gen, Lyttelton, with the
Gen,

 

view to relieving the pressure on
Warren, attacked the enemy's front west
of Potgieter's Drift. He pushed forward
his infantry, covered by the howitzers and
naval guns, both on the north bank of the
river Mount Alice, The infantry’s

further advance foreed the Boers to open

and

fire with their Nordenfeldt seven-pounder, |

which was sileneed by lyddite shells In a
quarter of an hour.

Lonpon, Jan, 21.—The following despatch
from Gen. Buller has been received at the
War OMee:

“SPEARMAN'S Camp, Jan, 21—9 P. M.--
Warren has been engaged all day, chiefly
on his left, which he has swung forward a
couple of miles, The ground is very diff
cult, and o6 the fighting isallthe time up
hill it is difflenlt tosay exactly how much
we gain, but I thigkewe are making sub-
slantial progress.”

An earlier despatch from Gen, Buller,
timed 6:55 A. M., Jan. 21, says:

“In relieve the pressure
Warren and to ascertain the strength of
the enemy in front: of Potgieter's Dritt,
Lyttelton made a reconnoissance in force
yesterday. He kept the enemy in their
trenches in full strength all day. Our
@asualities 2 killed,
Sniasing.”

Gen. Buller wires that 11 officers, in-
Gluding 2 staff officers, and 279 men
were wounded in an action near Venter's
Spruit on Saturday.

A despatch from the Boer camp at Spion
Kop, dated Jan, 16, and cabled by way of
Lorenzo Marques, Jan. 19, deseribes the
crossing of the Tugela River by the British
en) their taking a position while the Boers
rem

‘The seene of the impending battle from

order to on

12 wounded, and 2

ined silent, Tt concludes:

the Boor viewpoint is full of historical sig-
nifi
whenee the Voortrekkers,

anee, Spion Kop is the eminence

after crossing
the Drakensbergen, spied out the then

larbarie land of Natal and found it fair in
their eves.”

lespateh to the Central News, dated
Bpeorscan's Camp, Sunday night, says that

the Boers still hold the summit of the ridge
at Spion Kop. Lord Dundonald completely
holds the approach tothe Tintwa, Bezuid-
denhuit and Olivier Hoek passes through
the Drakensbergen,

WARREN'S ADVANCE UP-UILL,

 

Has Not Reached the Summit of the Lady-
‘mith Road-White May Co-operate.
Sp eral Cable Deapatea to Ta Sum,

Joxnoy, Jan, 22 —The despatch of Tar Sus
correspondent with Gen, Buller’s forces prac-
tically coversall of the Natal movement that is
tl owed ty be published, whtle Gen, Buller

provides what comment the carefully curtailed
despatches admit.

There issome doubt as to the exact distri-
bution the British forces, but Gen,
Clery is probably in the centre, Gen,
lyttelton on the right centre, Gen.
Warren on the left centre, and Gen.
Dundonald on toe left. Thus Potgieter's
Drift is the fighting right base and Acton
Homes the left. It{s for this reason that Gen,
Warren acquired two flanking kopjes that
are fairly behind and to the east
of the Boers’ position at &pion Kop,
but as Gen. Buller says the

flight ng is still up-hill, it is clear that Gen.
Warren has not yet reached the summit of
the Ladysmith read, which falls for four miles
to Cydesdate after five miles up-hill from
Verter's Spruit

If the troops on hia right sueceasfully ad-

 

vance and the right is pushed to the summit
the lv ers will really be turned and forced tow-
art latysmith, when Gen. White, com-

Minding the troops there, will possibly be able
tocooperate, turning them northward, where
they wil have the railway and a series of fine
pos 7 '

Phe Cane Colony situation doas not develop.
Gen Methuen remains inactive,

Despatches from Mafeking state that on Jan.
Hthe Boers were dropping shells from their
h-pounders into the market square, The
town has three months’ food.

‘The Boers were making an emplacement for
&big gun 700 yards back of thelr present posl-
tion, They were so oxcupled trying to silence
the British guns on Jan, 10that their fire was
diverted from the town, Heavy rains have
made the trenches in front of the town searcely

 

 

The latest news received in Mafeking wae a
report of the battle of Modder River. Whiskey
fe running short. The betting is 12to 7 that
the slege will be raised by Jan. 31. On Sun-
day, Jan, 7, there was an excellent programme
of sports, in which somo of the garrison took
Dart,

A despatch from Gaberones, dated Jan. 14,
save that Col, Plumer made a reconnoissance
on Saturday morning and discovered Boers a
mile south of Crocodile Pools Station.

A Deira despatch, dated Jan, 14, saya that Col,
Plumer advanced at night toward Crocolile
Pools, but the flooded Motswas Pon checked
his progress. The bridge three miles south
of Gaberones was discovered on Jan. 14 to be
badly damaged. It has beon repaired and the
ruilway je now patrolled by an armored train,

STORMBERG BOERS CONFIDENT,

Colonial Rebela Very Harsh to the British
Prisoners,
Special Cable Despat hes to Tak Sus
Care Tows, Jan. 20.—Gen, Brabant is in-
formed that the Boer forces at Stormberg
number less than one thousand and five hun-
dred men. They are mostly Colonia! rebels

Loxpoy, Jan, 21.—A despateh from Sterk- |

stroom, dated Jan. 20, explains Gen, Brabant’s
small estimate of the number of Boers ut
Stormberg, It says that a medical Lieutenant,

who remained with the wounded after the dis- |

aster tothe British, has returned tothe camp,
He estimates the Boers at 5,000, but they have
established # new camp seven miles beyond
Sterkstroom, where astrong detachinent was
left, This is brobably the force referred to ty
Gen. Brabant. They had received additional
wuns, which were served by German gunvers
Gon. Dolarey, with reGnforeements, was ex-
pected to arrive in a short time from the
Old men and boys were serving us a town
guard at Burgersdorp, where supplies were
acanty of the boys were only 14
years old, Tho Boers have the way
Pretoria to Stormberg in working orde:

The Free State Boers were very kind tothe
Prisoners, but the Colonial rebels were ex-
tremely hard. Landrost Steyn, brother of tho
President of the Free State, was most eonsil-
erateto tho British captives, The Lieutenant
adds thatthe Boers are confident of ultimate
success, They declare that the British artil-
lery has done little harin

Gen, Lord Roberts cables tha War Office that
Gen. French reports that he mado ademon-

 

Somo

 

trom

 

Stration with cavalry and artillery toward
Hebron on Friday. Otherwiae the situation is
unchanged,

CONSUL MACRUM MUsT NotI TALK,

Secretary Hay Sends Word to Him to Grant
No Interviews,
Speeal Coble Deepatche: to Tre St~
Romr, Jan. 21.—Mr. Maecrum, formerly
American Consul at Pretoria, who is en route

| tothe United States, started for London last

night. He sald he had received a despatch
from Secretary Hay forPidding him to grant
any Interviews,

Mr. Macrum, when questioned here
earning the charges that had been
against him in the press, dec'ared that they
Were utterly untrue, Headded that he had
Always protecte! those whom it was his duty
to protect and that hisconscience was tranquil.

Lonpon, Jan. 22,.—A deapateh to the Daily
Moit from Rome says that Mr. Mucrum de-
clared that he did not think the British Gen-
erals In South Africa bad made mistakes,
Their reverses were of little importance. They
were due to unpreparedness and the difleulty
of the ground. The Boers, hea lded, continued
to get allthey wanted from Europe, Mr. Ma-
crum refisedto confirm the report that he was
charged with a mission to Presilent McKinley,
but the Mail's correspondent says he has ex-
cellent reasons for stoting that the report ts
true.

cone
made

CEN, ROBERUSN'S BODYGUARD,
He Chooses Colonial Troopers, Who Peel
Complimented,
Special Cable Despatch to Tur Stuy

Care Town, Jan. 20.—Field Marshal Lord
Roberts, military commander in South Africa,
{s forming a bodyguard of colonial troopers. It
is considered that by this action he is paying a
bigh compliment tothe colonial forces.

Tho Afrikander Bond press deplorea the Gov-
ernment’s intention to remove the Boer pris.
oners to Capa Point. The reason for the out-
ery can only be the inaccessibility of that pace
for friendly sympathizers, Cape Point, whieh
is seventeen miles from Simon's Town, ia a
very healthy place, The town is open to the
cool southern breezes, and water is plentiful
It ja a favorite resort for exenrsioniste,

The war news appearing in the One
Bond paper,

land, a
furnishes a fine example of the
manner in which the Dutth papers distort
facta, Discussing Gen. Buller’s movementa tn
Natal, that paper asserts that he has only
orossedthe Little Tugela River, whereas the
recent fighting has all ovcurrad north of the
Great Tugela.

KITCHENER ISSUIS AN ORDER,

Warning to Officers and Men in
Colony Against Looting.

Cape

Special Cable Pecnaich to Tar Suw

Cape Tows, Jan. 21.—Gen. Lord Kitenener
has issued a general order impressing on oM-
cers and men the importance of securing the
cobperation of the people of the country by
good and conciliatory treatment. He says that
when supplies are required they must be paid
forand a recoipt taken. Officers will be held
responalble for seeing that thelr soldiers do

not enter private houses or molest the Inhabi- |

tants. They are also ordered to
looting.

If supplies are absolutely necessary forthe
subsistence of the army and the inhabitants
are unwilling to supply them, commanding of-
ficers may, after careful investigation, take
them forcibly, but in all cases a full receipt

must be given therefor.

suppress

 

 

SHELLS EXCHANGED AT THE MODDER,

British Blow Up Two Buildings From Which |

the Boers Had Been Firing.
Special Cable Despatch to Tur Buy

Mopper River, Jan. 20,—The British sue-
cessfully blew up and razed two buildings, in-
cluding the house formerly oceupied by Com-
mandante Muller, outside their !ines this
morning. Boer snipers had used these houses
at night, firing from them at the British pick-
ets up the river.

Between daylight and {o'clock this morning
the enemy fired a dozen shells from two guns,
one of which was behind the crest of a kopje
Their fire did no damage.

Loxvow, Jan. 21.—Prior to the battle of
Colenao the Irish Brigade serving with tho
Boers sent a letter to the Dublin troops, saying
they were glad that they were to have an

opportunity to wipe them from the fare of the |

earth. ore
The Dublins answered: “We will walk

through your brigade as the devil walked
rough Athlone.”
“ee Tows, Jan. 21.— The hospital ship
Maine, which was fitted out by American
women residing in England, has arrived here
Berwiy, Jan, 21.—The papers are publishing
advertisements for volunteers to undertake
recruiting for the Boers.
Lonpox, Jan. 21.—The transport Manches-
ter Corporation, carrying Royal Horse Arti!-

en on Saturday 500 miles north.
Jory ene aiand of Ascension. She signalled
that she had lost two blades of her propeller.
The transport put in at Gibraltar & month
repair her propeller, two bl en of which
hh y after le

she ieee aber tec ied, Bean

| he died later at I

; wound in
| Jacks and Mecarthy went straight to V

} ened withviela

| the Spinelia crowd had

 

BATTLE IN
AMONG

NEW JORK
SICILTANS,
The

Spinellas Get Three Collettis—Used

Pistols Against Clubs-Old Vincenzo Spi- | ’
| street, Emanuel Sehusterman
| street, Isidor Hanae of Slz EF

nella Did the First Killing—Three Collettia
Chase Him Over a Koof but Lose Him,

Joseph Colletti, a Sicillan stonemason, went
to his home at 482 Fast Fleventh street at 11
o'vlock Saturday night and finding the street
door locke!, promptly kieked it In. Frank
Splnella, the lessee of the house, hearing the
noise, came down stairsand remonstrated with
Colletti, Colletti struck Spinella and the men
Were soon clinched and rolling over the floor
together, Colletti was too drunk to do much
fighting and Spinella made short work of him
Colletti’s wife came down stairs and took her

husband away and Spinella went to bis rooms, |
The first thing the Collettis did yesterday |
morning when they heard what had oecurred |

during the night was tocollect the members of
thetr fumily in the house next door at 430

 

where Mrs. Colletti, Joseph's mother, and
Caspar Colletti, his brother, live, The
Spivellas, baving once before tasted the
vengeance of the Collettis, also mobilfzed

their forces, and at 115380 o'clock yesterday
morning the families went to battle in the
open street, ‘wo Collettis were shot dead on
the spotand a third was so badly Wounded that
lavue

The Collettis,
enemiesthr eto one, went at
with clubs, but the latter waited forthem with
pistols, and when the time came fred such
volleys that
not shot, Several ofthe Collettis drew
but they never

knives
got a chance to use them and

not aSpinella was seriously hurt. The Spin-

ollas drove their enemies from Avenue A over!

 

to First as ind then retreated themselves

ene

    

before superior numbers, each one of them
pursued by three or jour Collettis, who were
infuriated at the death ofttwo of thelr number.
One Spinella, pursued by three of his enemies,
ran up to the roof of the honse at 432
and jumped from there to the roof of |
the adjoining honse, a distance of nearly
twenty-five feet. When the Co'lettis reached |
the edge of the roof they devidel not to jump,

and running down into the street, trled to head
thelr man off, but he bad made goo lhis eseape
The police interfered and stopped the pursuit
of the Spinellas forthe tim

The man who jumped from the roof was Vin-
cenzo Spinella, 51 years old, of 424 East Thir-
teenth street
the killing of Caspar

 

 

Colletti, who fs onty 19

| years ol!, and Antonio Colletti, 37 years old, a!

saloon keeper, of }07 East Thirteenth street
They also allege that he shot Daniel Salvatore

| of 430 Bast Eleventh street, a cousine! the Cole |
Pistol shor,
Detectives Bissert. |

ydiedin Bellevue from a
the stomach

lettias, w

mncenzo
Spinelia's home, where, after Myuhting half of
the neighbors, they found the olf man hiding
under a bed. He Was arrested and with six
thers, WhO Were taken {in as Witnes@es, was

 

   

| Joeked upin the Bast Pifth street atation

All of those invoived are Sicilians and the po-

| Hee were unable to get any tuformation from |

them except that there was an old grudge be.
tween the families, Frank Spinella and salva-
tore Sarhicoa, & relative,

The rest of the
sofaras the polica could find
ons sts of Frank's brother,

street and auliet the rooms
Spinella family,
ut vesterday, ¢

  

ter’s son

Prank, Who is 17 years old, anda |
plumbers helper and lives with bis father in
the ‘Tnivteenth street house The Colletti

famitlyos very nueh larger, There are einht

sons and «ix daughters besides Mra, Colletei
the elder, Three ot the daughters are marred

 

  

andl their husban rink as Collettis in the
neighborhood, There are aiso several young
ehildren. Mra. Cove Caspar and Joseph Col-
letuh are tenants of Spinella, and his partner
and allot the other surviving Collettia live on

     

 

what could be learned yesterday the

have been “picking” on the Spinellas

ibeof late A month ago there Wasa

itt at the corner of First aveune

aventh atreet, in which two of the
Bpinellus were hurt they retired to thotr

homes, and when an ambulance surgeon came
from Bellevue to attend them be was threat.
benee bythe Collettisif he gave nis
services to the Shinelias. The surgeon ea ted
on the police jor help, and finally suceeeded in
doing lis wore
When the neighbors heard how Frank Spin-
ellahad thrashed Joseph Colletti yesterday,
they wentte Frauk and told fim that he was
afool, They warned him to look out. for the
Collettis were sure to seek vengeance, Spin-
ellatapped his hip pocketand satd he coud
take careofh toselfitattucked, Tha Collettis be-
gan togatherat Me'eloek. They hung around
the house at bso talked togetner Most
of them hat clubs, but pone displayed any
other weapons. There isa sprinkling of Irish
aud Jews in the neighborhood and they looked
on the gathering of Collettis as ominons,
Frank Sthineda showed himself several times,
huthis enemies made po hostile move unti
Vincenzo Spinellaand hisson Frank showed
up with several mole relatives ands ood in
frontof the store at 42 apparentiy waiting to
see what the Cojletth meant to do. The
neighbors, to the number of severalhundred,
were out hy this time, and standing in frout of
the old Catholic cemetery opposite, while there
wore heads in every window ofthe neighbor

 

 

  

 

 

 

| hood.

[t was 11:30 o'clock when Frank Spinella, the
l7-year-oid son of Vincenzo, lett his
walked up to the Collettl, Hedid itina
spiritof bravado, and it was a def} that the Col.
lettiseouli not pass unnoticed
letti, who Was $7 years old, stepped out and
slapped the youth in the face. There was a
murmur ng the neighbors across the
street, and evervboly stratg@htened up. More
heads appeared at the windows,

  

Young Prank Spinellagrabbed a elub when |

Antonio Colletti struck him, and aimed a
vie ous blow at the lufters head. Colletti
struck back with bis club and then they

droppel their weapons and went at it with
their fists. West of them stood the Collettis
andtothe east were the Spinellas, ready to
uinp at each other's throats, It remained for

Yincenzo Sptnelia to start the genera’ engage-
ment, and he did it in a@ spectacular way is
son was on the ground and Colletti, with one
knee planted on his chest, was hammering the
boy's face with his fists, Buddeniy, according
tothe story told yesterday, Vincenzo sprang
forward witha pistol in his hand and called on
Coletti to let the boy alone, Colletth swore
back at him and. several more Collettis made
forward with uplifted clubs, Without another
word, Vineenzo tired his pistol squarely at An-
tonto Collett), ‘The bullet entered the man's
side Just under the leitarmpit, and he sprang
to his feet with asecream, threw both hands in
the alr and fell dead on the sidewalk,

The ‘ollettia started forward with yella,
Two er three picked up the fallen man and
carried him into the house. The rest swooped
down on the Spinelias iike an avalanche, Four
more pistol shots were fired, Caspar Colletti,
who was in tha lead, fell town, Just who shot
him isamatter that will have to be settled
Jateron. Vineenzo ts charged with the mur-
der, buteye witnesses suy that at least three of
istols and used them,
When Caspar Colletti fell, those behind him
gave back. The Colletti: had po relish
forthis kind of tighting, but when the Bpin-
ellas followed them up, they made onother
stand and there was some flerce fghting with
flats and clubs. Some one of the Spinellas
(Vineenzo is also charged with this) fred an-
other shot, and this time, Salvatore tell with a
bullet in hia stomach

Tho Collettis retired
Spinellas following them :

In the meantime Caspar Colletti had been
taken to Wartman’s drug store, at 176 Avenue
A, where a busier wound Was found in bis left
breast. He diedin five minytes,
tor got to 440 East Eleventh street, Antonio
Colletti wasdead, Neighbors carried Salvatore
into a hallway and attended tohim until an
ambulance came, 5 5

Upat the corner of Firat avenue, the Spin-
elias ran out of ammunition, and when the
Collettis discoverea this they assumed the
offensive and the Spineilas fled at once, The
pursuit of Vineenzo was ijuteresting, He
dashed up the stairs to the roof of the house at
432. There he ran to the edge and looked
down at the roof of 430, the stronghold of the

to First avenue, the

enemy. He could be seen. from the
opposite side. of the street, and the crowd
there, which had increased to about

500 people, yelled to him not tojyump, But the
man looked behind him and then made the
leap. No more was seen of him by the crowd,
but a half minute Jater three persons appeared
at the edge of the roof and sized wpe e jump.
They evidently made up their minds not to
try it. for they disappeared and a minute later
reappeared on the street and rushed into 430,
In the meantime, Sprinella, who was unhurt
by his jump, had got down stairs, out by a rear
door, through a rear tenement and by an alley,
into Tenth street, rom whieh point he made

s way home unmolested.

Young Frank Spinelia aad arelative clambered

os
oo tha high rail fence in front of the ceme-

 

STREETS

Who had outnumbered their |
the Spinellas |

it is a wonder more people were |

ease the toree tenes |
ment houses at 450, 442 and 434 Fast Eleventh |

i the doctor also dressed Mr

Who is A stonemason, and the lat. ¢

marty and |

Antonio Cole |

Vhen adoo- |

 

olletts in pursuit were slow in getting over
the fence, and the pursued ones escaped, At
this juncture a half dozen policemen, followed
by three detectives, came running down the
street, Hostilities were suspended, and Col-

| lettls and Spinellas alike disappeared into the

houses, The policemen arrested everybody
they could get hold of, name y,seven men, four
of whom were innocent spectators, The pris-
onersare: Samuel Lindner of 516 Kast Eleveoth
of 118 Lewts
Kast Thirteenth
street, Joho Furey of 426) Past Eleventh street,
Fred and Frank Collett! of 430 Kaat Eleventh
street, and John Russe!! of U4 bast Twelfth
street

When Detectives Bissert, Jacks and MeCar-
thy gotto 424 Kost Thirteenth street every-
body in the house declared ao'emnly that Vin-
cepzo Spinella was not there. The tenants
crowde! the stairs and did ali in their power to
obstruct the offeers. Ono or two nen threat.
ened them with violence, but Bissert: swatted
a couple of them alongside of the hand, pushed
the rest aside and Neally reached Spinella's
rooms
hed by the heels and a pistol wae put close to
his head as a warning not to resist
no idea of reslsting, however, and went to the
station house peavefully enough, He declined
tosgaya word, and although the polies triet
their beat to get the Siciliansin E eventh atreet
to give some explanation of the trouble, all
were dumb.

There were twenty-two relatives seated
around the body of Antonio Colletti, which was
lying on the floor, ina room on the top floor of
430 Fast Rleventh street, when Coroner Zneca
Went there yesterday afternoon, Questions
were purto them all, both by the Coroner and
by a police officer, but not a question was ane
aWered, Only one said a word, and that was
the dead man’s wife, whose hands were
clasped over her heart and who kept saving to
the Coroner: “My heart is broke!’ “My heart
fe broke!"

Coroper Zueca ordered the body taken to the
Morgue, where an autopsy will be made to-
day. The Coroner tried to take Daniel Salva.
tore’s ante-mortem statement, bat the man
wastoolowfosay anything. AlLof the prison-
era will be arraigned in the Essex Market
police court to-day

 

 

 

TROLLEY CAR WRECKS AUTO

Horls W. 1. Pdison, Gouverneur Paulding,
und Henry Stock Agninpat the Park Wall,

WL, Fdison, son of Thomas A. Edison, took

out fora ride on a locomobile yesterday after. |

noon. Henry Slack, & commission merchant
of 1460) Bast Seventy-flrst street, and Gouver-
neur Paulding, Mr.

 

of (50 Madison avenue

Edison ran the motor, In Fifty-niuth street
Just west of Sixth avenue, he lost coutrol of
the steer ng apparatus,
The auto was going ahead pretty fast anda
Sixth avenue trolley car came around the |
} curve into Fifty-ninth street even faster, The
ears ge. around that curve at @ great gait
The car could not leave the tracks and the

motorman thought that the auto could get out
of his way. The two came together witha

; bang and the cur threw the auto up against the
The Collettis charged him with |

atone wall of the Park, clear across the broad
sidewalk. All three men were thrown against
the walland under the wreck of the auto, The
motorman of the cardid not wait. It'sagainst
the ruleto waitafter passing the corner. The
car Was soon out of sight.

Mr, Pdison and hia two friends crawled ou
from under the wreckage, Mr, Paulding was
unhurt, but Mr. Slack and Mr. Edison were
both bruised about the body and scraped on
the face and arms. Policeman Cavanaugh

assisted the mento their feet and they made |

their way tothe oMeceof Dr. Lewis Kh. Morris of

0 West Pifty-elghth street, who is Mr, Slack’s | Go}, Bryan's friends had nothing exeept kind

famiy physician. There the scratches on Mr.
Edison's face aod hands were attended to and

Which, in addition to the seratehes,
of a cut over the bridge of the nose and one
over the right eye. Mr. Slack was also euffer-
ing badly from the shock and was taken to his
home, where he went immediately to bed.
His sister suid last night that she did not be-
lieve that he was seriously injared, Mr, Edison
wentto hia homeat 50 Wost Sixty-fifth street
He sent word! to reporters that he was not seri-
musiv¥ burt. The wreck of the auto was still
lying against the Park wall late last night

 

 

PUKE OP TROCK DEAD,

His Daughter's Two Sone the Direct Heirs
to the Uritish Throne,

Npeetal Cale Deopatch

Jan, 21,

night ath

mon! Park, Surrey

»THE SUN
The Duke

Whats

Lonpon,

is resicence, Lodge, Rich-

last

Frane's Paul Charles Loui :
ot Teck, GC. BB, was born JIS37. He
wasthe son of Duke Alexander of Wurtem-
burg, and his morganntioc wite, the Countess
Clandine The Duke began his military service
inthe Austrian army, fe served under Lord
Wolseley in Egynt in T¥82 and received the
Egyptian medal and the Khedive’s star, He
wie promoted to bea Colonel, unattached, He
vas afterward made a General in the British
Army His Hialiness was president of
the Koval Kotanie  Soctety f London,
He was marred in JS to the Princess
Mary Adelaide, danghter of the Duke of
Cambridge, the seventh aon of King George
Til. She died inthe fall of Pse7. The Princess
Vietorta Marv, their danghter, was married to
the Duke of York in 143. and her two sons
are the direet heirs to the British throne,

 

HRUEGEN'S COURTESY 10 MR, DAVIS,

Offers His Private Car to Take the
sistant Secretary to Pretoria,

As-

Special Cobre Deana ch to Tne Sus

Lonexzo Mangrers, Jan, 21.—Mr. Webster
Davis, Assistant Secretary of the Interior of
the United States. has arrived here. He called
upon the Governor and was courteously re-
ceived. The Governor requested him to con.
vey a specal frendly message to Presilent
MefKintey

The Transvaal Government has notifled Mr,
Davis that President Kriger's private railway
car will be sent to convey him to Pretoria,

FILIPINO FORCKE DEFRATED,

Our Troops Scatter 800 Rebels in the South-
ern Province of Batangas,

Spreial Cob’? Despatch to Tide SUN,

Mania, Jan. 21.-Major Johnson, with two
companies of the Forty-sixth Regiment, and
Major Muir, with three companies of the
Thirty-eighth, have defeated 8OO rebels at
Taal, in the southern province of Batangas.
They captured three cannon and many other
arms.

The American |oas was two men wounded.
The gunbont Marletta coiperated with the
troops.

 

FUTURE OF THE DANISH WEST INDIES,

Despatch From Copenhagen Says an Agree-
ment Isto Be Made With the United States,
Special Cable Despatch to Tue BUN

Lonpon, Jan. 22
News from Copenhagen says there Is good au-
thority for the statement that the Danish Gov-
ernment is prepariog an arrangement regard-
ing the Danish West Indies, entering a kind of
zollverein with the United States, Thiais prob-

' ably the first step In the cessfon of the Islands

tothe American Government,

Funeral of John Ruskin,
Special Cable Despatch to Tur Sun,
Lonpon, Jon. 21.—The body of John Ruskin,
who died yesterday at his residence, Brant-
wood, Contston, will lie in state Wedneslay

and Thuraday in Coniston Church. The fu-
neral will be held on Thursday.

 

DAY FOR PEACE PRATERS IN CINADA,
Archbishop of the Episcopal Church Names
the Second Sunday tn February.

QuenKc, Jan, 21.—The Bishops of the Epis-
copal Church in Canada petitioned the Metro-
politan or Presiding Prelate, Archbishop Lewis
of Ontario, to appoint a day of special euppll-
cation for the hanpy ending of the South Afri-
can war, andthe Metropolitan to-day replied,
fixing the second Sunday {in February for such
purpose. That day will therefore he 60 ob-
served all over the Dominion of Canada.

 

 

Safety, Speed and Comfort.

The standard guslities of all trains on the Pen»
eylvaniea Haliroed.—ddm

Spinella was hauled out from under a |
He had |

 

| Hon. Johns,

Slack s injuries, | purest political organization in. the history of

sonsisted j

| sistent Christlan?

Fock died |

| mighty few men Uke that,

} 18 made

| Bryan

\ despatch to the Daily |

Oo

BRYAN COM ES FOR CONCORD | HOME BY WA 7 or THE DUMBWAITER,

GOING 10 BE OVERRUN WITH VISI-

7ORS AT THE HOFFMAN,

Tammany Voter—
Him, One, **Purely
Club — Nothing to
the Club.

Has No Quarrel With

Two Dinners Awatt
at The
Commit

Personal,"’

Be Allowed to

Col, William Jennings Bryan ie expected to
arrive inthis city at 7 o'clock this morning,
from Washington. For several hours yester-
day his admirers here were in great doubt as
to his exact whereabouts At ‘o'clock in the
evening the Hon. Jimmie Oliver, sergeant-at-
arms ofthe Demoeratie National Committee,
talked to the clerk of the Metropolitan Hotel tn
Washington over the long-distance telephone,
and learned when Col, Bryan would start,

Col. Bryan will goto the Hoffman House in-
steatof to the Bartholdi, where rooms had
been engaged for him, It is explained that
Col. Bryan had decided to goto the Hoffman be-
cause the Democratic State Headquarters are
there whenthey are open, Col, Bryan, accord-
ing to his friends, believes that it will be good
policy to identify himself as closely as possible
withthe Stote leaders. It is expected that
many eminent Democratic statesmen will visit
himatthe hotel. Already ex-Gov. Hoge of
Texas and Norman E. Mack of Buffalo are in
town to ave the leader.

Col, Bryan will devote to-day to conferences
with his political associates, who sald yester-

| day that one of the main objects of his visit

here at this time was to see what ean be done
to harmonize the party in this State, It {ssup-

| posed that several Tammany leaders, includ-
| ing the three Hon, Johns, willeallon him, In

the evening he will be the guest of honor at a

dinnerto be given by OTL. PL Belmont at his |

residence, O77 Filth avenue. There will be
thirty-five guests, among whom will be Demo-
crats from all parts of New York, and several
from out of town. Some of those who have
been bidden are ex-Gov, Hogg. Norman E,

Mack, John B. Stanchfleld, Senator P, H. Me- |

Carren, Chairman Campbell of the Demo-
eratic State Committee, Elliot Danforth, chair-
the Fxecutive Committee, the three
tobert Treat Paine, George Fred
Williams of Massachusetts, and N, O. Fan-
ning, Who is going to run the Areva magazine
on Democratic principles

Col. Bryan will devoted part of Tuesday to
some private business, In the afternoon the
State Committee of the Chicago Platform De-
moeracy will wait on him and explain their
reasons for deciding to send a contesting dele-

man of

| gationto the next National Demoeratie Con-

vention, andtorun a full State and Congres-
sionalticket at the elections next fall. The
Chicago Tlitform Demoeracts don't trust Tam-
many or the State organization, and they want
Co}. Bryan to espouse their cause, If he takes
the view of the situation which some of his
friends who were at the Hoffman House yes-
terday took, the Chicago Platfurm faction is
not likely to get much aid from him. Col
Bryan's friends declared that the State organ-
ization was perfectly regular, and that there

was no reason why its delegation should be
thrown outof the convention, Of Tammany

words fo say,

“we regard Tammany Hall as the beet and
the country It haa asplendid record for ef-
Heiency and consistency, It has been sub-
ected to many enarening investigations at the
ante of itaenemtes, and nothing that can be
called very bad hasever been proved agaipst it
Itis always regular alfd its jeatershtp is In the
handsof one of the best men that ever lived,
“Do you know Dick Croker well? You
should, There is aman whose heart is as pure
as a child's and whose mind is as clean asa
miudecan be, Do you know that he ls a con-
I know that at midnight
every day Richard Croker offers a humbie
vrayer torstrength and guidance. Lhave known
sim for years, and intimately. His thoughts
arealways obure, No man has ever heard bim
make an obseene or a profane remark
never uses foul langusge. Do you know why
he resigned the City Chamberlainship? He
did it because he wante! to goto the races and
he wished to feelfreato bet) Hedid not think
thar it was proper for a public offletal to set
such an example as that, while he believed
thatit was perfectly right tor him togoasa
private e@tizen, So he resigned a post the
salary of Which Was 325,000 a year, There are
Richard Croker is
athoroughly good man, How. much he looks
like Gen. Grant!” added Mr, Hose. looking at
the proture of the General which hangs in the
Hoffman corridor
“Yes, aaid Mr. Mack; “but Gen,
not as ood looking as Mr, Croker,
Mr. Mack went on to say that very little had
been heard of the Chicago plattorm Democracy
in his end of the State ;
"Weare for bryan and no one else in Erie,”
said Mr. Mack. “Weare for the reaffirmation
of the Chicago platform, anti-lmperialisin and
anti-trust We don'ttrim atall upin that end
of the State. Bryan isthe only candidate for
the Presidency who is considered, We have a
candidate for Governor in the person of Sena-
tor Mackey, Whose frends think that he
would make an excellent run,
muchtaik about that yet.” '
On Tuesday evening Col. Bryan will eat his
dinner with the Hon. John John W. Keller at
the Democratic Club. This dinner is) abso-
lutely personal, Mr, Keller is very anxious
that this should be understood, and the reason
for hisangiety became known yesterday, The
Board of Governors of the Democratic Club
up of gold standard men,
them voted against Brean in 18, when the
Demoeratio Club adopted a resolution con
demning  clam-shell money The board
held a meeting on. Wednesday evening,
President Keller presiding, It was report d
previous to the meeting that: Mr, Keiler in-
tended to introduce @ resolution making the
dinner a oolub affair. Had this
heen done, the resolution would have been de-
feated, for all but two of the governors are
anti-Brvan men. Mr. Keiler didn’t introduce
the resoiution, but after the board had ad-
journed, he mate a short speech to ihe gov-
ernora, and read the telegram from Col. Bryan
in whieh the purely personal invitation was
accepted. Mr. Keller explained that, under
the ruleaof the club, he had a right to invite
any friend whom he wished to the house, and

Grant was

that only recently he had entertained his
friend, Lieut.-Gov. Woodruff there. He suld
that Col. Bryan would come simply as his

friend, and that the club wasn’t in any way re-
sponsible forit

Col. Bryan will eat the regular club table
d’hote dinner, which costs $1, and he will sit
atoneo?f thesmall tables in the club dintng-
roow. There will be only twoorthree others
atthe table, it was said Jast evening, but other
members of the clab will be at the other
tabbed in the room eating their dinners, | Alter
the meal ts tintshed Co’. Bryan will spend some
time inthe elab, It came out yesterday that
some of his aimirers had lngwaded to take ad-
vantage of this and get a big crowd at the
house tocbeer him and clasp his hand, Wheo
some cfthe gold men heard of this, they sald
that they wouldn't allow anything that would
look like # club indorsement of Col. Bryan.
Several oMflcers. of the organization who are
opposed to Col Bryan threatened to resign if
there was anything that looked like a_pre-
arranged demonstration in hia honor. Then
the aiver men cooled down, but some of the
Inore enthusiastic ones said vesterday that
they would make Col, Bryan feel at home, any-
how

Col. Bryan wil! go over to Jersey Citvon
Wednesday evening and make aspeech. His
eonsent to make this trip was obtained by
Congressman Bill Daly, who saw him in Wash-
ington. Congressman Daly telegraphed tothe
Hon. Bob Davia, the Democratic leader of
Jersey City, that Col. Bryan was coming.
Thereupon Mr. Davie said that he hoped Co
Bryan wouldn't talk very loud about free
silver and Would devote most_of his attention
to trusta and Imperialism. Mr. Davia hasn't
any confidence in frea silver as acampalen
argument In New Jersey, It was said last

evening that his wishes in regard to this mat-
ter might be laid before Col, Bryan.
The Hon, James Oliver aaid last evening that

Col. Bryan might eive up his contemplated trip
through New England fora tew days and

oO
back to Weaninan from here.in order to fe }

at the capital on Friday, When Mr, Oliver was
asked what would be going on in Washington
on Friday, he replied that something was al-
ways going ou there, and that Col, Bryan could
always find something to do while in that city

The Democratic atateamen who were at the
Hoffman House yesterday all declared that
Col. Bryan would ne elected President. Fs-
Gov, Hogg said that “not aninety-sixer had de-
serted,” and that many Republicans were
aguinat President Mckinley.

Vhen the Democrata were asked about a
running mate for Col. Bryan they said that
none had been selected. Ex-Gov, Howe said
phat he thou pt the convention wonld be held

fore phe fopu lican convention, and that
many of the members of the National Com-
mittee wanted to have it go to Kansas City, Mo.

 

| framework,

 

He |

Lut there isn’t |

Most of |

 

 

Cole Got to His Rooms All Right, but
Couldn't Get Out, and Fell Five Stories,
When William b, Cole, a printer living at 515

West 150th street, went out on Saturday night

he loft his Jatehkey upstairs in another suit of

clothes,

He discovered this when he reached the

| Outer door of the flathouse at 1 o'clock yester-

day morning, but determined to get in any-
way. He got into the cellar, and climbing on
the dumbwaiter, pushed himselt up to the
fifth floor, on whieh he lives, Then he held on
tothe guyrope and pounded with the other on

| the door leading into the kitchen, but he could

not arouse his folks, He yelled to them then
and several persons heard him, but they were
afraid of burglars and would not look into the
shaft to learn what was the matter.

Cole held on to the rope until his strength
gave out. Then he dropped with the dumb-
waiter five floors to the bottom of the shaft,
breaking his right thigh and wrecking the
dumbwaiter. He was found by the janitor
and removed to the J. Hood Wright Hospital
in an ambulance,

ICE GOES OUT AT ALBANY,

The New York Central's Passenger Train
Bridge Rendered Unsafe for Traffic,

ALBany, Jan, 21,—The rains of the past fow
days so honeycombed the ice in the Hudson
Riverat this point that it moved out at 3 o'clock
thie morning. The ice was from five to six
inches in thickness and of fairly good quality.
The river rose rapidly, and there {s nowa nine-
foot freshet. The sudden breaking up of the
{ee did not do much damage, except to the Mai-
den Lane Bridge used by the New York Central
passenger trains. The Pencoyd Bridge Company
is rebuilding the structure and, anticipating
asudden breaking up of the ice, bad built an
{oe breaker about the abutments to protect the
But the larwe cakes came down 80
fast, and in such large numbers, that a part of
the framework was carried away. The ia was
so Violent that it shook the bridge and traffle
on it was stopped, the last train. having gone
over at) o'clock this morning. The trains are
now crossing the river by means of the Central
freight train bridge. The lee from the Mohawk
started out this morning and ts now passing by

The harvesting of the ice crop had just
commenced, but only about 14,000 tons had
been secured by the dealers of this city, while
about 200,000 tons are required to supply the
demand here. If a gorge should form below
here, a serious freshet will result

| the city,

POLES CUT DOWN IN) MONTCLAIR,

Citizens Resisting an Electric Light Com-
pany.

Monterain, N. J. Jan. 21.—The People’s
Light and Power Company, which recently
received a contract to extend its system in
this town, erected saven poles on Grove
street, near Chestnut atreet. without per-
mission of the property owners, The poles
are now lying flat. Who cut them down or
when they were cut down ja known
only by the property owners. This after-
noon Gideon Baker, superintendent for
the electric light company, called at the
police station, and aaked that officers be sent
to Grove street to-morrow to protect the com-
vany's workmenin replacing the poles, Chief
Pier declared that he would send officers to the
piace, not to protect the electric Hght people,
puttopreventany breach of the peace. Any
attempt to put up the poles will be resiated, it

“Tn the South and West,’ sald ex-Gov. Hoge, | is said, buthow isu matterof conjecture. H

C. Hollenbeck has already brought an action
against the company for erecting poles in front
ot hia preperty without obtaining his consent,
as a town ordinance directa.

WITH A PISTOL,

He Fires Right and Left in an Eighth Avenue
Saloon Just for Fun, but Hits Nobody.

A policeman attached toone of the down-
town stations went jato an upper Eighth
avenue saloon last Wedpesday, and becoming
involved in an argument, pulled his revolver
and began firing right and left, to impress the
men who had taken the other side of the dia-
pute, Nobody was hit, though the proprietor's

wife bad a narrow escape, The proprietor
rushed out and called in two other polleemen
They were threatened with instant death by
the man with the revolver if they attempted to
arrest him, but one of them managed to knock

 

 

 

DANGEROUS COP

 

| the revolver out of the third’s hand at last.

Then the two tied his hands with arope to
keep him quiet. They got him away aftera
while,

No report of the shooting was made at the
West 125th street police station and no one
around the saloon is anxiousto talk about the
row. Tho proprietor said yesterday that it
must have occurred {in some other man’s
saloon,

WRECKED ON

 

FENWICK SHOALS,

Steamer Sutton, Laden With Iron Ore, Goes
to Pieces Nearthe Mouth of the Delaware,

Lewes, Del, Jan. 21.—The British steamer
Sutton, with a cargo of fron ore from Porman
for Philadelphin, ran on Fenwick Islands
Shoals early yesterday morning in a dense fog
and now lies a complete wreck. The vessel
struck early yesterday morning, but it was

not until late Jast evening that the fog lifted
sufficiently to allow a patrolman of the Life
saving service to see her distress rockets and

| not until to-day was her identity established.

The United States revenue cutter Onondaga
which was in the neighborhood was also
attracted by the signals and succeed in taking
off the entire crew and their effects before the
seas began to go over her, The wrecking
steamer North America went to the seene of
wreck from the Breakwater, but the wreckers
returned deciding that was useless to waste
time in trying to save her,

Several vesse!s have been wrecked on this
same shoal in recent years, including the
steamer Brineckburn and bark Siam,

SFRIOUS INJURIFS AT A HAZING

Two Freshmen at Thiel College Beaten by
Upper Classmen,

Spano, Pa., Jan 21.—Asthe result of a hazing
at Thiel College in Greenville last night two
students are lying in aserious condition from
injuries inflicted by their classmates, The
victims are Foust Davisand Walter Zimmer-
man, freshmen, A dozen or more upper class-
men attired in white flowing robes entered

their rooms, gagged and bound them, and then
dragged them tothe college grove whore they
were tled to trees. With clubs and barrel
staves the hazers beat their victima unmerel-

fully. The fresiimen class attempted a rescue,
but were beaten of. Zimmerman and Davis
were in their night_ciothes and suffered in-

tensely from the cold. The college faculty ta
{investigating the case and expulsions will be
made if the perpetrators of the hazing are dis-
covered, The polive have also taken a hand in
the matter.

TYPHOID IN TRENTON,
The Nomber of Cases Grows From Twelve
to Forty in a Week.

Trenton, N.J.. Jan. 21.—No Jittle alarm is
felt here over the increasing numberof typhoid
fever casesin the city and suburbs, The nuin-
Ler has grown from twelveto forty ina week
with five deaths, anda numberof the patients
are solowthat their recovery is not expected
The health authorities are ata loss over the
eause of the outbreak, but the inhabitants gen-
eraly attribute It to the operation of the eitr's
new reservoir, The first ten cases were ¢
lined to the north end of the town, but since
then the disease has spread in every direction

 

Nhe

 

Posted as an Habitual Drunkard,

summit, N. J., Jan. 21.—Justice Sampson of
this city has posted a man as an habitual
drunkard, The man had been arrested a num
ber of times and sent to jail, but this seemed
to have no effect upon him, and Justice Samp-

son decided that drastic methods must be em-
joyed, After a search through the statutes
he found a law that fitted the case, He

structed the Overseer of the Poor to serve 4
notice upon every saloon keeper, hotel keeper

and dealer in liquor to refuse to seli the drunk. |
ardany intoxteating liquor under penalty of the |

law, which makes it a misdemeanor to sell
such a person iiquor, In addition to these
notices, two similar notices were posted up in
the city in conspicuous places.

 

Fast Trains via Pennsylvania Railroad

> Chicago, St. Louis, Cleveland, Toledo and Cin-
natti, service unequal!ed.— Adv,

| chrast, wife of Prof

} costing neary

FATAL PARK RUNAWAY.

SKITTISH HORS", JOUN P, LARNEY
WAS TRYING, KIILS HIM,

His Two Small Neph » for One of Whom
He Thought of Buying the Horse,
Thrown Out With Him, but Very Little
Hurt—Runaway Struck Two Other Riga,

 

  

John I. Larney, an undertaker, of 325 East
Thiety-f {th street, borrowed a horse and T
cart from J, W, Stolts of 227 bowery, yésterday
afternoon, and took his nephews, Leo and
Thomas MeCormick, 5 and & years old, of
S17) Kast) Thirty-eighth street, out for @
drive. The horse was a little skittish, but
they got along all right through the streets
of the city and the drives in Central Park
until they reached MeGown's Pass Tavern at
luvth street and the East Drive, when the
horse shied at something and tried to turn
around, The cart tipped and all three were
thrown to the ground. Then the horse changed
its mind and, righting the cart, started up the
East Drive,

It had not gone more than 100 feet when ft
collided with the rig of Joseph Wichert, a shoe
manufacturer of Schnectady avenue and
Pacific street, Brooklyn. One wheel of Mr,
Wichert's rig was smashed, but his horse was
well trained and did not run away,
so Mr, Wichert escaped injury, The runaway
horse continued on its way and in another
10) feet hit the rig of John McGowan, of 319
East Tifty-third ctreet. A hind wheel of

McGowan's buggy was broken and McGowan
was thrown out, He escaped with a contusion
over his left eye, The runaway horse was
stopped at iosth street by Policoman Robine
son, who also stopped McGowan’s horse as it
came along a moment later.

In the meantime Larney lay on the groun
unconsclous, The two little boys had escap
with minor bruises, and they ran up to him
and tried to lift him, but were unable to

do so, A policeman came up and sent
a call to Harlem Hospital for an. ambue
lance, When Dr. Muller. arrived he said
that suffering from a

I arney was
fractured skull, and that he was in a dangerous
condition, Larneyswas hurried to the hospital,
but he did pot regain conaciouaness, and died
after reaching there, The two boys were taken
nome by Polleeran Johnson y some rea-
markable Preak Stolts’s horse and wagons
escaped injury.

Stolts sald last night that he had bought the
horse for a Christmas present for his daughter,
who I five years old, and that the first time
the little girl took him out fora drive the uani-
mal ran away, but she fortunately escaped in-«
jury. He then came to the conclusion
that the animal was not a_safe one for a little

irl to drive and pet the horse in the stable,

arney saw the horse on Thursday and sald
that he would {ke to buy him fora present for
hia nephew. He wae warned that the animal
had run away, but he said that Leo was a good
driver and he was not afraid, and took the
horse out yesterday for a trial.

 

FATALLY STRICKEN IN A CHURCH,

Extreme Unction Administered to Builder
©’ Hare's Wife at the Altar,

Mrs. Elizabeth O'Hare and her husband,
a retired builder of 102 Summit street,
Brooklyn, went for a walk vosterday afters
noon in Prospect Park. On thelr way
home they passed St. Francis Xavier's Roe
man Catholic Church at Sixth avenue and
Carroll street and saw that Sunday school was

in session. Mr.and Mrs O'Hare have always
joved children and they went into the church
to watch the exercises,

They had been there but a few minutes when
Mrs. O'Hare suddenly fell forward. Her nus-
band caught her just in time tosave her from
failing to the floor. It was seen at ones
that she waa very iil and while a
child ran for a phreieian. the Rev,
Father David J. Hickey ordered that
Mrs, O'Hare be carried to the altar, where
he administered to her the rites of extreme
unction. Then she was carried into the rectory,
where she died before a physician arrived,

Mrs. O'Hare was 53 years old and had been
married for twenty-seven years, She and her
husband were members of St. Stephen's Church
at Summit and Hicks streets.

 

THIEF AY JULIAN HAWTHORNE’S,

Got In to Repair the Skylight and Got
Away With Some Jewelry.

The home of Julian Hawthorne, the journal-
ist, at 210 West 138th street, was entered on
Saturday afternoon by a thief,who succeeded in
getting away with aome small articles of jews
elry. The thief represented himself to the
butler, who {8 4 native of the West Indies,
where robbing is usually done after dark, as a
workman sentto repair the skylight, and the
butler didn’t suspect anything wrong, The
thief went upstaira and helped himself toall
the valuables he could find, and departed, tell-

ing the butler that he was going to get some
more putty. The theft was not discovered une
til Mrs. Hawthorne, who had been to see “Shore
lock Holmes,” returned home and missed her
watch. The police were notified and a deteo.
tive was seat around, who looked wise, asked
questions and dopnrve. ee has been
heard of the thief éfoce and the Hawthornes
think nothing will be until he calla to repair
somebody else's skylight,

 

 

PATHER CHINIQUY’S WILT

 

Excommunicated Priest Denounces the
Church of Rome in Mis Last Testament.

Kankakee, Ill, Jan, 21.—The will of Father
Chiniquy, the author, missionary and excome
municated priest, who died in Montreal last
year, was filedin Kankakee county court yese
terday, The first part of the will says:

“T renounce more than ever the errors of the
Church of Rome, believing more than ever
that the Church and {ts Pope are in error, but

being more than ever convinced that the Pope,
with its priesta, ita religious orders, and ite
monks are the greatons enemies which Jesus
Christ has ever had and etill has on earth,

“IT pray compatriots more, than ever to
abandon that false religion of the Pope's of
Rome which deceives, seduces and ruins them
for time and eternity.”

 

THE CASTELLANES REACH PORT,

 

Were at Quarantine Last Night on La Bree
tagne and Will Come to Town To-day,

The Count Bonido Castellane and his wifa,
who was Miss Anna Gould, are passengers
aboard the French line steamship La Bretagne,
which orrived late last night from Hayra,
They will come up to the city this morning,
Afterthe Count sailed on Jan. 15, the Figaro
of Paria published that he had lost heavily on
the Bourse, was short of his margins and had
run away to escape creditors. The Count’s
father declared that the story was false, that
his son never speculated and that if he had
been in Paris he would have called the Figaro’s
editor to account.

 

Harvard Fund for British Soldiers’ Widows,

Boston, Mass., Jan, 21.—Mra, F.C, De Sumie
De Sumichrast of the
French department of Harvard University, haa

| recently started "The Harvard Relief Fund”

tor the needy widows and children of
British soldiers killed in the South African
war, Mrs, De Sumichrast is an English womaa
and is receiving special help in securing sub-
seriptionsto the fund from several professors
who came tothe university from England and
Canada, Several hundred dollars have already
been raised

Big Grain Elevator for Montreal,

Montrean, Que, Jan, 21.—The contract for
the construction of the big grain elevator
which the Connors Syndicate will put up at
Montreal has been awarded to Barnett &
Record of Chicago, Theelevator will be of steel,
$2.000.000, and will have a
capacity of 1,000,000 bushels, with twoaunexes
with a capacity of 2,000,000 bushels,

Vather Kills His Wounded Son,
Conumpra, 8. C., Jan, 21.—At North, 8 C,,
D. Jefeout yesterday shot down his brother,
James A Jefeoat. As he lay woun ted on the

ground their father fired at the prostrate body,
killing hiswon, It was the ending of a family
quarrel ofl ~ standing
No Delay wy Central Station,
There jaa through train every hour for the Wat
by New York Central Lines, and_two-eent mileas

ticketa are good on eachofthem. Trains illumi
Pintach Light, -Adv.