ee

 

 

 

  

 

FIGHT WITH

BRITISH BRAVERY AGAINST TER-
RUBLE ODDS AT MAGERSFONTEIN.

The “Black Watch” Marched tn the Dark
Into a Boer Trap to Be Met by a Hailof
Mawser Bullets—Gen, Wauchope Rallted
Two Companies and Fell Returning to
the Charge—The Gordons Marched Out
to the Sacrifice Battle Which Checked
Methnen’s Advance Toward Kimberly.

Prom Tar Buy's Correap ndent with Gen, Methuen's

Fores
MApner Rrver Camp, Dow 15.~Again Britiah
. Infantry has paid the price of ita reputation
fend it on any attack and there it will @o, never
heeding obstacles, never counting the odds

At Belmont, at Modder Kiver, and Inst Monday

at Magersfontein it charged through the open

to where there seemed no trace of a living
being; but alwaya an unseen for anawered
and claimed some more livea for courage,
matching itaelf againat it knew not what On
Monday {it waa the Highland Brigade that
rolled again and again unto” stronghold like
the rock of Gibraltar, only to recoil and surge
up again, but In amaller numbers 1s the day
woreon. It had a fearful experience at the
beginning of theday and it is unquestionable
that the memory of that shock was on the men
all through the fight. Feeling iseven now too

Nigh and passionate at the circumstances of

the first encounter with the Boers trenches for

anyone toattempt a just explanation That
blow dealt in the dark is answerable for much

At present one can recount only the story of

the attack on Mngarsfontein—the flank route |

to Kimberley—on Sunday and Monday

It waa known in camp on Saturday night that
there wore orders for the men to be ready at 1
@’olock on Sunday afternoon to move on two
hours notice, That afternoon the infantry
movement was carried through quietly and
the secret of ita objective well-kept so far as
the men themselves were concerned, It was
probably not a secret from the Boers, The
Highland Brigade comprising the Seeond
Rattalion Koval Highianders ‘the * Black
Watch’), the Seaforth Highlanders, the Argyll
and Sutherland Highlanders, and the Highland
Light Infantry, moved out from the east side
of the British camp here preparatory to the
actual advance at midnight, The Guards
Brigade, the Seots Guards, two battalions of
the Coldstreams and the Grenadier Guards,
Jeft camp at 7:40 o'clock le the evening and
epent the night alone the near side of the
ritge fronting the range of kopies that formed
the west flank of the Boer position, It was to
be the Guards duty to stay in reserve behind
the guns as they shelled the kopjes
eavairy--the Ninth and Twelfth Lancers —lay
on the English right wing with the Horse
Artillery

No sound was heard from any of these arms
on Sunday. But on the British left, running
out from the ay ‘ine to within a mile and
ahalf of the konjes,the long range 47 navy
gun from H. M.S. Dors, under Commander De
Horsey, anda full battery of six S-inch howit-
gers poured lyddite oa the kone side andalong
ita base from 4 in the a’ternoon till
dusk at half The 4.7 gun which, with
{te outfit, weighs over seven tons, Was drawn
out from the main road traversing the camp by
ateam of thirty-two oxen. Entering the soft,
sandy veldt progress was very slow and its

 

 

o'vlioek

past

crowflty bluejackets and a company of
marines-lent a hand more than once in
rolling the wheels through the mud. At
a cottage nearly three miles up from the

camp, the gun Was hated on the left of the

track and her murzie polated aheal, slightly
tothe right against the kopjye, The range was
about seven thousand yards. It had rained

from 1 o'clock until nearly 4, but cleared
goon after the fring began and the crest of the
hills made aclear out sky line. Charge after
charge of lyddite was dropped on their sides
and sent up great. dull, brown clouds of dust

This gun's charge explodes like amine, not a
shell, and is very easiy distinguished from the
white amoke of the flell and horse artillery
Two miles across the veldt, at right angles to
the line, wasthe battery of howitzer mortars
throwing lyddite at short range, probably over
two thousand yards,

Not asound came back from the hillside hut
the boom of British ammunition If
Boers were there they ‘ay hidden ‘
If the awful explosives fell among
spared did not flee up the hillside
glasees seanned the kopres in vain, An offer
ofan irregular corps standing on the roof of
the cottage said he saw with his ginsa the
Boers driving thelr horses be! the
kopjes, Nobody else saw a living movement
At dark the firing eensed andthe hours paseed
on with no sound on either side, The night
became overcast and brought 9 thunderstorm,
with the rain drifring on a cold wind

The HigWiand Brigade advanced half an hour
a’ter midnight to make the flank movement
from our right on the left of the suppose! Boor
poaition, It was slow marehing through the
rain sodden sand and tangling undergrowth,
The atorm spent itself as the night wore on,
but overhead it kept very black. The marching

bursting
in allen
them those
Many tleld

 

lings could !oeate those in front only by fecling
with their hands, tiut aa the alr dried the
men’s gaitareweheerier, They moved aong

in easy stride, talking comfortably of ordinary
things, many o! them praising the idea ota
amoke, The Brigade was in close quarter col-
umn, the Biack Wateh at the head

Just after 4 o'clock in the morning some oM-
cera noticed what seemed a little thing, but

 

 

 

was to have a terribbe sequel, It was a fitful
light on the left that seemed to be moving
with the column that might have been
only faney, Cortainly it wentin and out asif
screened, It was not noticed more than a few

minutes when a single Mauser shot came out
on the left. The brigade had now passed the
undulating irregular ground and was on some-

A HIDDEN FOE. |

| charged up to

|

   
 
  

SS

amothered the hillside in schrapnel. The
lyddite guns from their Sunday's position
pounded the front and base of the hills and got
never a response, Beyond all doubt our artil-
lery, especially the Fieldand Horse batteries,
Shells fell where a little

 

did fearful execution
mass could be seen on the hillside, and as the
smoke lifted the artillervinen could see with
their glasses only twos and threes bounding
away alive to other cover,

As the morning g@rew into a hot, sunny
African day, the Highlanders again and again
the Boer firing line, past the
spotofthe first fatal surprise, which was mh
yards from the Mausers. Each time they stag-
wered back after paying a sickening blood toll,
There was not even the streak of blue smoko
to place the enemy by now that the sun was
strong ina clear sky. Not to know where to
get grips with your foe was agonizing It was
like struggling bindfolded against aman who
had every conceivable advantage ‘of position
and shelter

At 0:40) o'eloek
Battalion of the Gordons, who

in the morning the First
had hitherto

| been in reserve, resting alongside the line of

 

| fence
| Gordons!

The

1

thing that trod ikea flat witha slight incline |

upward. The men still some distance
from the base of the kopjes

Searcely a second the Mauser shot and
there flashed like lightning a storm of jead
from right in frontot the British Hne, Tt
unearthly in its sudden shock, The High-
landers were literally crushed back by lead
For two hundred yards it was an irresistible
torrent, Themen bad not breath or thought
or eyes for where to turn next But in less
than that Gen, Wauchope, the eom
manider of the brigade, had rallied two eom-
panies of the Biack Watch, his old regiment,
and charged back on the line the eolumn had
been marching along a few moments before
Swiftly and imercept bly the darkness |ifts
into dawn hare and the Highlanders could just
see a bivelsh streak like tobacco smoke along
the open, but not surmounting any line in the
landseape. Spitsof flama leapt through it, but
of living enemy there was no The
leader's heroism waa woed by his death
close up to the hidden Boor trenches, and there
many of his gallant two companies were found
that day and the next strewn beside him,

The Highland Light In antry, who bad been
in reserve atthe back of the briga‘e, were the
first to recover an turn tothe attack, In less
than half a minute the Seaforths and the
Argyils formed again, and al! four regiments
spread out in der, about eight paces
between each man, and faced the Boer flring
line, The rattie and spit of the Mausers in-
creased rather than slackened, and our loss
seemed appalling. The men spread down on
the veldt and volleyed back, but at no visible
enemy, They charged, but on
Plercing rain of lead

Most welcome came the big sound of our
fleld artillery on the right, dropping shells
ulong the Boer line, which stretched
Where over a low ridge winding backward
from the east of the kopjes to the Modder
River, ‘The Boer position proved to be like a
tripod, with lines of cover a ant ng outward to
the east In front and behind the main line of
trenches on the ridge. It meant that the Brit-
ish bad to passa fearful fire both from flank

were

afrey

was

space

sign

ere

}
loose

 

some-

|

| ‘The Gordons were on the extreme

! deliberation?

|

and front when charging the trenches and the |

pen who got Into them
pk fire on their faces. The east side of the
ea, too, swarmed with hidden Boers; but
faved worst, for the artillery literally

8 Rl me an et ee

i

Oe

    

had again a right |

mule-led supply wagons, got the orderto ads
vanes, Of they went at the double-
quick across the ridge, past the line of the
Guards’ Brigade, and into the open in front
of the kopjes, Every tify yards or ao down
they went flat on the veldt for cover and to re-
gain wind. At first, surprisingly few wero
struck down in their charging line, but when
they got to within @00 yards of the trenchos
the Boers poured rifle fre on them, aud their
front flank trenches, which had silently let the
Gordons pass, now opened on their raht aide
left of the
British line, with the Highland Light lofantry
ontheir right) All the way across there was a
double-strand barbed-wire fence, from West to
middle of the flat. Again, a
the P trenches was

east, across the
dozen yards from

er

| another fen -a,withone line of barbed wire chins

high, making a bayonet charge a desperate,
hopeless feat

From the ridge, facing the Boer lin
line of Gordons seamed to have an inexplicé

 
 

contortional danee to go through inthe mits!

oftheiradvanoe. Tt was in passing the barbed
Then Col. Dow. man called: “Come on
andon they rushed inthe teethofthe
toer bullets, Sometimes mld see halfia
dozen racing on, then a pitiiess rattle aud only
two or three struggling ahead still, Major
Anson of the Highland Light Infantry hastened
to Col. Downman’'s side when he fell to case
and help him, Other stricken oMleers, too, had
their comrades to comfort them as soon
they had amoment to spare, and the men no
less. The day wore on to hot afternoon with
no change In the opposing positions. Only th
ambulance and hospital corps seemed to have
more and more to do
At 8 o'’cloek the Guards

you ¢

As

Prigade moved

 

ward from thelr resting place from left to
right, Asthey came into range of the Boer
fire they never swerved an inch, Boon th

were exchar ging a vigorous fire across the

open and up the slope or the farther side, On
the extreme right of our

inetho N

Yorkshire Light Infantry, Lancashire Pusilies
and Northumberland Pusiliers assailed a
strong Roer foree intrenched ir tl! r
After 4 o’cloek for the first time was heard the
aound of two Boer fle'd gu On our right

 

was the quick-fring Viekurs-Maxim, with its

nerve-racking succession of seven l-pound
shots poured out In a seeon ds time, On our
leftwas a medium caliber fleld gun worked

from a kloof in the hilis, as it seemed to cover
their retreat, Very soon, just afrer 5 o'clock,
there was silence on both sides. The Boers, it
appeared, fell back from their foremost
trenches Our main body returned to the
ridge for the night, part of the Guards Brigade
forming the outposts

There was no fight on Tuesday. Both sides
lad a halt to bury theirdead, and only then
the terr ble suffering of the High!and Brigade
was ki the General and three his
Co Downman of tha Gordons, ¢
“Black Wateh,” and Col. Goff of tha
Argyl! and Suatherland-all Killed, and with
them many promising ofMflcers, Some were
buried reverently by their comrades on the
battlefleld, Many more were buried behind
the hotel! garden on the north of Modder River
It Was there that the solemn,

 

CR

Wri
nels-Co!

Conde of the

 

memorable serve

 

 

 

ice was hellover Gen. Wauchope and several
of hisolecers and men, the p pers playing a
ament to the slow march of the brigade in
process.on and as it formed in a square round
the open grave, The Rev. James Nobertson
Chaplain to the brigade, spoke the great burial
service impressively and, after a few notes of
“Lochaber No More,” thagraves were filed in
ty men of the lost solders’ regiments ath
o'clock on Tueslay evening, The graves are

now beautifully roundel and deeorated with
lines and wreathes and of white
Iimestone gathered by the Hi ders
the velut, A®tross the longest
m the os 4 white
}sand, and
Waten.”

Ofthe local guides who brought the High-
land Brigade iu the dark across a country they
professed to know to the enemy's prepared
lines without a warning word it is toosoon to
speak with exactness, but it should not be
necessary to add nowthatthe Highland Brig-
ade, when once free from the greattrap, fought
and struggled and suffered in the old way that
won its hame,

   

eross

 

’ from
and widest of
nes ren letters acer

await

   
 

\
st the blue sky,

 

STORY OF B ONDE MAGERSFONTEIN,
Complaint From the Battlefleld of the
Waste of British Valor,

10.—The last mail from South
wilness to the growth of a certain
nong officers, men und
correspondents who ore with Lord Methuen’s
comm atthe Modder River fhe Earl De La
Warr, who is acting as correspondent for the
Glolo§expresses himself so freely that the cen-
soriuterfered and scissored a portion of the let.
Phe letter is dated Modder River, Dec
and before the censor's seiaser work
in the correspondent had written as follows:

A week has passed since T wrote my
letter, and during that short period events
have occurred with which the world is now
familar, and which must have cast a gloom
over the who.e of the British Empire. By this
mail not one line of cheerful news will reach
our friends at home from any part of South

Afriea, in which our troops are manfully
struggling to carry ont ihe mandate of the
nation. tLoehronicle and comment uvon what
Das taken place jiu this suortspoce of time is
adifficult, thankless and an unpleasant task.
It is renceread more difleuit by the tact that
we are always expected to adopt an optimistic
tone, Whereas it is clearly our duty to record
the tacts as they are, for the British public
to consiler and digest, in order that they may
forma soundopinion on the work whieh we

Lonpon, Jan
Africa bears

amount of discontent t

 

ter

 

got their

last

are endeavoring to avcomplish, and to judge
for themselves whether the object for which

 

 

 

we are Work ng is being attained. So far as
1 an concerned, | mean to iny bare the
Whele truth: it may be unpalatable, but it
must be tod. [Tt inu-t come out sooner o
Inter, and the sooner the better Are the irite
ish puoie children, are they nor sullleently
levei-headeu to hear the truth caaaiy, even
if it is not to their liking, and to review
the position as it really is, with ealm, quiet

Having Wituessed with mv own
eyes the battle of Mayersfontein last Monday,
which resulted in a fearful disaster an! the
subsequent retreat of Lord Methuen'’s divis-
sion, Lread in a leading Cape Lown paper that
it was a glorious day tor British arms, ane that
we haudvirtual y taken the oer position, What
a chidish farce! Is) press censorship to be
carried to such an exteat that only absolute
perversions ot facts are to be published’ [tis
foolish and wicked=foolish because tf it isdone
with an idea of deeriving the Datei eo

wey are not deceived by our semieoMeial
statements, for they know ful well what ha
really bappened, and = are, moreover,

 

Very

a burning, | naturally inspired with thea fdea that we are

conscious of weakn:
every man and Wo!an at home is eutitied to
know the truth, We do not know yet what
news his been sent home, but we know that
cab es have been territly mutilared

And now what has happened? Lord Methuen’s
force has been beaten at Magersiontein
driven back to Modder Kiver, instead of
ing Kimberley on Wednevday, as was exp
Our joss on Monday Was exceediigiy heavy
Gen, Gatacre has suffered a severe defeat, wih
heavy loss to prisonets, ki ind wounded
losing also two guns. Sir Kedvers Buller, in
Natal, with four brigates, alter ten hours

 

oTk Wicked beequse

 

    

 

    

 

| hard fighting, had to retire with very heavy

oss to Chieveley; our losses

in the week

 

Them
! for

 

 

amount to over 4,000 men and twelve guns, |

and we have not gained an inch of ground in
our own country, A long delay must now take
place before another move can be made
Itisnot the numerical loss of officers and
men ~ghastiy-aod terrible enough in itseli—

4

    

which makes the
effect which these reve
of our troopa and on thi oers Which constl-
tutes the realdanger, It we could point to one
real vietory, if our men could see that these
hard-fought batties with thelr bloody results
were earning the road to Pretoria, they. would

rious; it fa the
position eo the morale

 

know they were doing some good But all
ong the tine, from: Chieveley to Modder
iver, we are facing well-nigh impregnable

positions, oeeupled by men determined to hold
them withthe lastdropof blood, hu Ving forth
one unanimous deflant message, Thus far,
useless to disgutse

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

| hoarse Phlape
song t 6 ranks

| was heard as they mov

| ateel-fronted heights but she brushing of thelr
foot In the veldt grass and the dvep-drawn

breaths of the marching men.

No, onward, until 3 o'clock on the more
ing of Monday. Then out of the dark»
nessa a. riffe rang, sharp and clear, A
herald of disaster—a soldier had tripped in
the dark over the hidden wires laid down by
/theenemy. Inasecond, inthe twinkling of an

eyo, the searchlights of the Boers fell broad

and clear as the noonday sun onthe ranks of

and in whispers it was passed
: nothing
rom ae SR Sita

 

  

 

THE SUN, MONDAY, JANUARY 22, 1900.

 
      
 

BOERS TAKE WAR QUIETLY,

 

KRUGER AND SYEYN SAY THEY EXe
PICT NO ALD FROM US,

| Think This Government Has an Under-

i terof Noy

0 ‘

ARG p t Pel: se partuntane of our troops | the doomed Highlanders, though, it left the
are beginning to loge heart tn this eam. | enemy concealed tn the shadows of the frowns
Hrien Can you blame them? A close success | ing miss of hilis behind them, For one brie
gion of frontal attacks on an Invistt le foe ae. | me ment the Beots seemed paralyzed by the
ourely inteenohed, where retaliation is almost | sue denness of their discovery, for they knew
impossible, wil shake the nerve of the bravest, | that they were huddled together like sheep
Dae nen have fought wells theirconduct under | within Afty yards of the trenches of the foe.
most -trying and atverse. circumstances has | Then, clear above the confusion, rolled the
been admirable, But they have been & skedto  volee of the General: teady, men, steady!
perform morieles, and, b ‘ing human they have And, like an echoto the veterans, out eome
falied, Donot blarre them. bo not blunme that the crash o| nearly a thousand rifles pot fitty |
galant General who, on Monday last, was the aces trom them. The Highlanders reeled be-
Niret vietin. of the terrible disaster whieh fore the shock like trees before the tempest,
overeune the Highland Brigate, They Their best, their bravest, fellin that wild) hail
marche t in quarter column to ther doom, of tead) Gen Wauchope was down, riddled

almost falling inte the Boer trenches in the

din rhto early dawn,

Wauchope’s last word4—"Por God's sake,men,
do not blame me forthis’—wiil gladden: the
hearts of his numerous friends ant alimirers,
ihatone mistake eoat ua neariv seven hundred
nen. but worse than that fs the Knowledge
that the Highland. Brigade have received a
hiowfrom whieh thay will not recover fora
longtime tocome. Can that famous brigade—
more than decimated practically without

Jons well inthe near future as they

Olivers : :
have one in the past? No, it is impossible,

and if any one doubts this, lat them come out |
Vand tatk to the officers aod men.as I

have
done, and then form their own opinion,

The Tomes correspondent writes the most
conelse account of the disastrous battle of
Magersfontein, He says

“Estimates of the numbers of the Boers
present vary considerably, bat all things point
to 15,000 as being approximately correct, Our
forees numbered about eleven thousand of all

 

aris, including reserves, Army Service Corps, |

and others who had no place fo the fabting fines

“This foree moved forward ander cover ofthe
night.and the Highland Grigade, to whom was
entrusted the duty of making the first aysault,
soon vanished inthe dourkness. They had been
id to inake their way to the southeast-

 

eXpect
orn face of the kopes and then extend for at.
tack as soon as there was light enough to see

 

their way, but by a mistake the entire brlas le,
still in quarter-column—the least effective ot
all formations, {that affording the most
tain target, in facet, a formation that should
1 r have been used within the range of the
argest ordnance possessed by the enemy
found itael! within 400 yards of the southern
j of the enemy's position opposite to the
! wire entanglements of the strongest
intrenchtinents of the entire tine o defe

"A moment iaterasinule shot was foll: !
have emptied the

  
 

 

   

 

 

) '
rrbe

 

 

 

    

bya fusitade that must

magaz neof every Boer rifle for a st ena
quarter of a inte Beneath this helt of fre
liscipline vanshed, ths men broke and fled,

 

leavingon the feld dead. aving, or Ww minted,
ofeoman ineverv five o, the 3,000 men who but
) ons before had been marching at ease,
trusting absolutely to their leaders, and th nk
ne of nothing fess than that, in mareh-past
ation, they were to be instantly called
wt pointeblank range the most

 

 

 

   
 

 

    

to
de ley that has probably been
po any bedy of men. Recharg-
ing « delayed the Boers @ mo-
ment, in the Mauser system this
yperation wastes much leas time than our own,
The darkness, more than possible e@over,
saved our men [rom a second cutastvophe, and

 

there was entire si the shattered rem-
nanta of the brigade made their wav back
This sUence was broken at last by a huge lyd-
al he romthe naval gun, bursting on the
Cpurtotbe leito! the scene of disaster, From
that time onwards artillery beeame the chief
feature of the day, and the accuracy and stea 1.
neasoftherr (ire while within rifle range of
the cheltertrenches and the promptness and
energy With which they eventually covere {the
retirement of the troops deserve the highest
Praise

\ faw shots, not perhaps fifty in all, were
fred by the enemy, butthe rguns were quickly
leneed, and the only flighting that took vlace
for some hours was on the right. Here the
mounted infantry andl cavalry Were earny io
touch with the Boers, backed by Major Alla-
son's Hors» Battery, which galloped forward
pnd took upa pesition amile and a hall east of
the kopies enfilading the trenches on their
eft, and sweeping the containing line of in-
trenchments rinning eastward to the Modder
santed infantry early in the dav pushed
rit and were atone time cut off by
thorsemen whe intereepted th ir re-

 

 

 

vv far

   

   

 

\ boll dosh, however, cleared their way
withthe losso) one man only, Private Lazen-
by. brought into camp under fire by Lieut,

 

Kiley, the retreat) being covered by Sergt
Cassen. Lance-Corporal Bennett and Private
Mawh-ol, who dismounted, without cover

And under a hot fire knelt and kept off the
Hoera for some minutes

The !w
wellon the same flank antunder similar con-
ditions Meanwhile the Yorkshire Light In-
fantry stormed a house and occupied the drift
over the Modderon the extreme right of our
line, three eompanios being le'tasa guard of a
second drift ha f-way back, Some ofthe Grena-
dier Guards came to their support, there being
joonaidera le gap betweenths small foree on
theextreme right and the right of the main
hody. which was composed of the Coldstream

Guarts and Grenadier Guards, with a small
sprinkLng of Argyll and Sutherland High-
landers

The Hightand Brigade reformed, retn forced
and, led by the Gordons owho had but arrived
the day before. and whom it had not been in-
ped de add it roached the kopjes in open
order without eullering any great joss The
Seots Guarda acted as guard for the central
artillery and two batteries of feld artillery and
a how tzer battery, and the extreme lotr was
protected by the naval 4-7eun and the Ne
Lanenshivre Regiment. ‘Phere was little fne!-
dent to note thr vighout the cay, exeepton the
extreme right, where the Yorkshire Light In-
fantry oXpended 22.000 rounde, Thera was
ittle rifle fire from us,and what
from the Boera came chiefly from a strong cons
t ner ' sharpshooters who erawied among
the bushes tin fronto! their left extension and
snipelatanvthing that showed itself

Toward 2 eck the monotony and. heat
combined with the terrible ahook that had been
suffered ino the early morning, and little by
little the High and Brigade came back, the
movement culminati gw in & general with-
drawal under cover ofaterrifie fire from our
guna, frontand flank, which, however, was un-
le to reduce groatly the redoubled flre
erg vard treastwork and every boulder
the hillsides,

There were, however, fewer casualties than
might have been thought, thong avatn and
agiina man flunw up hisarms and fell. The
retirement was an obvious mistake, as the men
were inno danger where they jay, and by re-
maining where they were would, as the Bours
have subsequently admitted, have persuaded
the nlre intimidared and decimated enemy
to retire from the trenches under coverot night
exactly as bad creviousiv happened at Modder

River. It is, however, only just to Gen, Lord
Mothnen to at here. on the highest auth: r
ity. thatthis retirement was in direct opposi-
tion to hisdetnite orders, given earlier in the
layto the Highland Brigade, to remain until
nightfall in their positions, As there has been
some uncertainty on this point, it is necessary
ipon the truth

 

 
 
 

 

ty rom

 

v
on

 
 
 

 

 

 

ty stress
The probability, already referred to, that in
future civilized warfare endurance in awaiting

evening inextented order under cover will be
a Danae PA oe factor in snecess receives ad-
ditional support from the action at Magersfon-
tein, It is a higher trial of condition than
might be supposed to lie forthirceen or four-
teen hours under a semi-tropteal sun without
more food or water than has been earried into
action, and the need toohey rules laid down as
ty emergeney rations and water bottles has he-
e urgent

 

 

With this retreat the battle ended, except
that the ortillery, covering their own retire-
ment, Ared. eantinuously for some twenty

minutes, ending wtha salvo of tyddite shell
from the howitzers that shook the ground

The Guards were left to bivouae as they lay, |

and continued their line to the left to oceupy

the position left by the Highland Brigvade
homeofthem a tivaneed during the night far
enough to see that the Boers were still man-

ning their intrenehments and refreshing them.
selves outofthe gin bottles that always form
a stoking feature of their evacuated earth.
works

Deaultery shelling from the Boers’ extreme

   

right had marked the elose of the day, and |
with the morning tf again began Presuming
on the military traditons of the Boera, the
artillery had remained all night on the fleld
ane recommenced fire, but this lasted for a
short time only, and by o'clock the bruades
were on their march back tothe river, leaving

only the ambulances at thetic dreary work,

This picturesque account of the battle comes
from the Davy Nevs's Australian correspoud-
ent, who writes as follows

Our troops extended over many miles of
country Every move had tobe madain full
view of the enemy upon a level plane where @
collie dog could not have moved unperceived
by those foemen hidden 80 securely behind
impregnable ramparts, During the whole of
Run ‘ay our gunners played havoe wit .
my, the shooting of the Vaval ye
hen yy such anature that even thus ear'y in
the flaht the big gun of the bluenckets, with
{ty 42-poun tlyedite shell, struck terror into the
heartaof the enemy. Bat the Boers were not
id} Whenever our infantry, inm AnPuvring
eame within rar f their rifles our ranks
began to thin out, and the blood of our gal ant
{ i ws dyed the sunbaked veldt in richost
erimson,

During the night that followe, jr on-
sidered expedient that the Fitehtant Ber con
avout four thousand strong, uncer Gen
Wauchope, should get close eno igh to the
lines of the foe to make it possible to charge
the heights, At milnight the gallant but Fe
tated General moved cantioualy through the
darkness toward the kopie where the Boorawere
most strongly tntrenched. They were led by a
guide, who was supposed to know every inch
of the country, out Into the darkness of an
African night. The brigade marched in line of
quarter-column, each man stepping cautious
and slowly, for they knew that any soun
meant death. Every order Was given in @

 

 

  

>

 

 

On ee ee a ee ale

‘fth Lancers, under Lord Airlie, did |

there was |

with bullets; yet gasp ng, dying, bleeding from
every vein. the High and chieftain ra sed) bin.
aelfon hia hands and knees, and cheered his
men forward, Men and officers fell in heavs
tomether,

The Black Watoh charge), and the Gordons
and the Seaforths, with a yell that stirred the
Hritish eamp below, rushed onward—onward

to death or disaster, The accursed wires
lecaught them round the legs until they
floundered like trapped wolves and all the

time the rifles of the toe aang the song of death
intheirears. Then they fell back. broken and
beaten, leaving nearly thirteen hundred dead
acd wounded just) where the broad breast
lof the grossy veldt melts into the em.
brace of the rueged African hills, andl
| an hour Jater the dawning came of the
| dreariest day that Neotland has known for
ageneration past. Of her offlcers, the flower
ofherchivairy, the pride ot her breading, but
few remained totell the tale, asad tale traly,
butone untainted with dishonor or smirched
with disgrace, for up those heights, under
similar circumstances even a brigade of devils
could) searea have hoped to pase — All that
mortal men could do the Seote did; they tried,
they failed, they fell, and there is nothing left
na nOWw but to mourn for them, and avenge
them, and Lam no prophet ifthe day is distant
fwhen the Highand bayonet whl write the
| nameoft Wavchope large and deep in the best
blood of the Boars,

All that fatetul day our wounded men lay
| close to the Boer lines undera blazing suns
| overtheir heads the shots of frends and foes
passed, Without ceasing, Many a gallant deed
was done by comrades helping comrades: mon
who were shot through the body tay without
water, enduring all the agony of thirst enwen-
dered by them wounds aitthe blistering heat

 

  

  

 

 

 
 

ofthe dav: wm erawled Seots with shuat-
tered jimbs, sharing the lastdrogp of wat in
‘their bottles, and taking messages to be de

hveredtomourning Wwomeninthe cottage home
of farolf Scotland. Many a last farewell was
whispered by pain-drawna lips in between the
ringing of the rifles: many © rough soldier
| with tendlerest care closed the eves ofa brother
jn arma amidst the tempest aud the sti of
battle. and above itall, Cronjye, the Boer Gen.
eral, must have smiled grin for well he
| knew that where the Highland Brigade had
failed, allthe world might talter, All day long
the battle could we see the

   

    

raged: scare
foe—all that met our eyes was the roeky
heights that spoke with tongue» of flame when
ever our troops drew near, We could not
reach their linea: it waa murder, @rim and

|

; Work easily, and each aps

 

ghast y, to send the infantry forward to fight a |

foe they could not see and could mot reach,

  

    

Once our Guards made a- brilliant dash
at the trenches, 4 like a torrent,
their resistiess va bore all befere
them, and tor a few brief _ moments
they got within hitting distance of the fo

Well did they avenge the slaughter of th

Reots: the bayonets. like tongues of flame,

passe above or below the rifles’ guard, and

swept through brisket and breastbone, Out

oftheir trenches the Guardsinen tossed the

Boers, as men in English harvest fleiistoasthe

hay when the reaners’ seythes have whitened
Vol

 

the cornflel and the human streams were
pentifu where the British Guarismen st vod
Then they fell tack, for the fire from. the

he ght< above them fell thick as the spume of
the surfon an Australian. rock-ribbed coast
But the Gnards had proved to the Boors that,
man to man, the Briton was his master

In vain all that day Methuen tried
rulehe knewto draw the enemy; vainly the

by every |

Lancers roce recklessly to induce those human |

rock limpets to come out and cut them off
Cronje knew the metrie of our men, and an
jrvoule laugh played round hia iron mouth.
and still he atayed within his native fast-
neas; but death sat ever at his eltow, foronur
gunners dropped the lyddite shells and the
howling sbrapne' all along his lines,
the trenches ran blood, and mauy of his guns
were silenced. In the valley behind
outer line of bills his dead tay piled in hun-
dreads, and the slope of the hill was a charnel
house Where the wounded all writhed amid
the masses of the dead: a ghastly tribute
to British gunning. For hours Tatood within
speaking distance: of the great navai gun na it
spoke tothe enemy, and sucha sight as their
shooting the world has possitiy never wit
nesget Fota she |] was wasted; aool aaif on
the decks of a pleasure yacht ourtarea maved
throueh the flght, y orders with emi ing
alucrity. Wherevertihesianal erme from the
balloon above usthatthe eoemy were moving
behind thet the sailors sent a message
frm Eng Htothetr midst, andthe name

 

 

   

obey

 

 

ines

     

 

 

of the ss rer wae destruetion.and when, at
OP. Mof Tuestay, we drew offto Mocder
Kiver to recuperate we ft nearly three
| thousand deal and wounded of grim old
Cronye’s men asatokenthat the lion of Fug.

) land had bared his teeth in earnest,
| . —
ROUGH RIPERS FOR THE BOORS,

IH. Alexis. Who Was With Roosevelt, to
| Form Two Companies forthe Transvaal,
| New Orveans, Da, Jan. 21-1. H, Alexis, who
| was a Lieutenant in the Roosevelt Rough
Riders and was wounded at San Juan, but who
is now aclerk in the Post Office, has given
notice of his intention to in order to
enlist two or more companies of Rough Riders
for serviea with the Boers in South Africa,
\lexia save that he waa conmissionad tod
by Otto Von Bueliah, a Geran offleer whe
rived here ashortt me ao from Mexieo pros
vided with the necessary papers from Kruger
and Joubert. Tn addition to pay as offleers,
hountios were promised to A exis and other
men who should en ist if the Boers were sue-

resign

o

 

  

 

until |

his |

|

| eesalu Von Buellah impressed Alexis so
favoranly that he decided to resign his gov
Ferpment pace to go to Africa, He isa native |

of Louisiana but wasan Indian agent in Ari-
gonnatthe cme of his enlistinent inthe Rough
Kiders,

To Keep Lights in Tenement Hallways.

On the recommendation of Fire Chief Croker,
Commissioner Seauneil has requested the
Municipal Assembly to pass an ordinance come
pelling owners of ba ing

than three families to have a light burning on
every floor from sunset to sunrise. The re-
quest isthe result of an investigation of recent

 

lings eontail more

 

  

  

tenement house fires, which has disclosed the
factthat many of them started in hallways
soon after some belated tenant passed up-

|
|
|
stairs to his apartments, after striking a mateh
| to see his way.

 

   
       
       
         

The Season of Blizzards
is approaching,

Last winter the only means of
communication thai proved
Biizeard-prooi was the
Teiephone Scrvice.,

Telephone Service

in Manhattan may nowbe had for

$5 a Month,

Be prepared tor the next
vard,

bliz-

NEW YORK TELEPHONE COMPANY
115 Wert dsth st. v viwa 15 Dey St,
TRE A Te A

| SE TRS SF) ROT RS SED

| LIEBIG

COMPANY'S EXTRACT

has been for over 30 yearatne stand

ard. Sc cay prepared from the

' j It strengtnens the strong
1 invigorates invalids,

‘
ent

 

| BUY THE GENUINE

SYRUP OF FIGS

1+ MANUPACTULED BY...

CALIFORNIA FIG SYRUP CO,
a NOTES CUB NAME.

a

 

 

standing With England—Bellevo False
RK ors About Our Warships Going
South Africa
by Reports From the Front of

of) Their

spond niin Jretona

 

to
Boer Capitals Undisturbed

the Vie-

tories or Defeats Porees,

From Tir SUN'S Corre

Puevonra, Dee. 2. - After despateh ng my let.

Wit spent several days in observa.
tion of affairs at the Government Ballding
The few oMecints that remain, work quietly and
steatily, By far the greatest pressure of Stat
affairs falls upon Mr. FP. W. Reitz. the State
Seevetary
night, transacting a bewildering muss of af-
fairs. Telegrams from all parts of the country
rain in upon him, allof whieh he reads at once,
and decides upon, To him ia submitted all the
war news, and he deci tes what may be given
outto the publle, and what is to be Kept as Gov
ernment information, TP had expected, from
reports To ohad heard, to find this man utter'y
brosen down in health and mind, butas a mat.
ter of fact I find him full of bodily vigor and
practically able to carry on with ease the work
of acountry at war

Indeed, all the oMotals of the State app arto
ars to do bis share
rest All of mare
show no signasof physical or
mental overstral Mhoir equanimity under
trylug circunisti or their Dutch phlegm,
isa never-ending souree of wonder to nie

Numbers of them adjourn at intervala to
spenda week or so at tho front. Then, after
taking part in an engagement, they return to
their Cuties in a placid manner as if nothing
out of the common had oevurred, f find it al-
most impossible to obtain any details or sto-
ries of the campaign fron them,

In company with Mr. Reitz [called one after-
noon on President Kroger, The old President,
whois now 75 years of age, rose auickly from
his seaton my arrival, and asked me where I
had “been wandering for the past six years.’
I told him all the world over, and lately
York, Theolin reseated himself and re-
sumed his pipe silently, Thad met him nine-
teen years previously under very similar cir-
cumstances, twas upon his return from Ene-
land in 1880, at Kimberley, a few weeks before
he was to declare war the first time against
Fngland

The man before me now
saine strong, obatinate man
same quick look from the corner of his eye, the
same husky, harsh andaggravating voice, Ilis
coat might have been worn for the six years of
my absence, the Kriger hat even the
Phe old man’s eyes were plainly very sore,

 

 

in harmony with the
Loers, and they

   

 

‘PS,

wt >
In Naw

    

 

¢
for

 

 

was evidently the
There was the

saline
e

  

vd
must cause him great irritation, but Tam told
that since the declaration of war he has been
abnormally amiab

Our conversation opened with America, J
told the Presideat that when [left the United
States a considerable aniount of public senti-
ment was veering round in favor of the Repub-
le. Tothishe replied in a laughing way that
he thought the Americans would do all that
the Englishmen asked them to do, ‘in fact,
they will join the English agatnst Africa.’
That very day news had been cabled out that
eight American warships had been ordered to
South Africa ‘as a token of good will to Eng-
land.”

On Nov. 20 I heard that the Boers had very
few men on the frontier near Kimberley and
Hopetown. And as it was well known that
De Aar junction had been strongly fortified as
a base for the forward movement by Gen,

suller when sufficient reénforeements arrived,
T waa surprised at the seeming apathy of the
Boer leaders in this matter. Then I waa told
thatthe burghers at Tuli and Mafeking were
being transferred to the Free State frontier
near Kimberley and Norwals Pont. Nothing
definite was known about Buller's forces ex-
cepting that dense masses of troops nad been
seen moving northof De Aar,

I was in Johannesburg on the 234, when a
high offe'al told ma that the English had
crossed the Orange River, and were moving to
Belmont, where there were oppos.ng them only

1,500 Boers. The following morning the news

 

 

es

He is at work from dawn to mids |

  
         

  
   
 

 

\ ¥y te a
a <CANNOT BE

‘ nk SSS ‘a ih

\ Co fw atth 3 b sii

\\ ea y)
Rossiam, G

 
  

   
 

\

Se

ld Saratoga

  

BEATEN

uy

eRST

  

 

Whiskey

 

EY-&, C

WILADELPHIA,

 

L

Home Life Insurance Building, 256 Broadway, New York.

Sold by ACKER, MERRALL & CONDIT.

been heavier. One commando was surr munided
} many horses and reports 25 ki'led and
wounded,

The English were reported to be elowly ad-
vancing toward Kimberley, and a heavy ‘ght:
wos expected on the BSth, On the 27th we
heard that the Transvaal forces bad reached
the front after a forced march of forty-eight
hours.

On the ®Sth, the day of the battle at Modder
River, Lwrote the following notes in Bloem-
fontein: The streets are full of burghers from
Zontpansburg and Ladybrand, a fine looking
body of men, I opened conversation with a
fine looking man of about 50, an active, keen
fellow, who told me he was Veld-Cornet Viljoen,
Ho said he was out with his five sons, four of
whom I saw, active young six-footers, all eager
to be in the battle

All the burghers seem to be well supplied
with money (their own and the
English storekeepers are doing a roaring trade.
One purchase the burghers all seemed anxious
to make struck me as very strange, Every
man wanted umbrella, and they have
cleared the town of its stock,
not tobe had at any price, and these men

rat

 

 

coinage’,

ar
will have to lie out in the rain for months to
come, Every man of thom seems to under

stand that he must fight for a year if neces-
sary,

At10A.M.T visited the Raadzaal and hada
long conversation with Mr. Fischer, the lead-
ing member of the Cabinet. He told me that
all the members of the Rand were unanimous
in standing by “their Transvaal brothers,”

A large numberof the townspeople are Eng-
ish, and make no secret of their sympathies.
The reported despatch of the American fleet,
under Admiral Schley, gives them unbounded
satisfaction, The Boer dislikes an American,
and persists in his belief that America will ulti-

| mately assist the bnglish.

About 5 o'clock in the afternoon I called at
the Government House and was informed by
the President that Gen. Cronie had reported at
oP. M. that heavy flehting had commenced,
and that the burghers had held every position
they ocoupied and were of good cheer. <A full
report would be sent later,

The number of burghers engaged was be-
tween 4,500 and 5,000, A reliable spy had just
reported that he had counted 15,000 English
troops passing the Orange River Bridge last
Thursday, and that train loads of brijge mas
terials were awaiting the capture of the Modder
Biver Bridge, which had been destroyed by the
Boers,

In the evening I returned to the Presidency,
and sat out with the President in che quiet

| starlight awaiting the telegram which was to

! give details of to-day’s Nght.

eamein privately that the Doers had beendriven |

back. with a loss of 12 killed and 44 wounded,

I took a train at 1 P. M
Bloemfontein, and, after many delays, went on
with a train load of Transvaalers who were
bound for the front. Numbers of these men
were taking a railway Journey for the first
timein their lives, but they seemed to take
matters as as the oldast travellers
They were quiet any seemed thoroughly con-
fident, All earried a little plain food in a small
pillow case or bag. They were dressed “any-
how.” Duriwg the night they sped the long
hours by singing hymns,

At the railway stations during the daylight
rin south through the Free State villages, the
Government had provi led free coffee, nothing
else was offered or expected. Groups of young
girls in their country Sunday dress were sing-
ing the national anthem or hymns. It was
Sunday, anithe scene and the surrounding
country recalled Ohio or Indiana inthe first
days of "#1

On arriving at Bloemfontein I found the
town in its customary Sabbath calm, A few
children and women were on the platform as
weran intothe handsome station, but there
was no expression of welcome shown tothe
train load of fighting men from the north

After a change at the Masonic Hote!, [started
out inthe hot glare of the afternoon sunshine
to find the Government Secretary, But at the
Government building all was silence and
locked doors. Neither guards nor attendants
were visible. Sol returned and afters while
found the editor of the Frpress, who entered
my name atthe deserted club, and then took
mo tothe local “White House,” where T met
President Steyn, who was sitting with a few
friends in front of his house

The President isa typical Afrikander, stand-
ing six feet in holaht; his powerful frame is
surmounted by a large head, He has clear
large eves, elevated arched evebrows, a flat
noseandafull dark beard, This is the man
who more than any other represents the spirit
of militant Afrikanderism, He told me in an-
swer tomy inquiry for news of the fighting
that it had been very severe, but that the Eng-
lish advance had been checked, and that the
refnforceménts arriving at the front every
hour might possibly stay the advance. He had
no illusions, but thought that if the English,
who were aupnosed t » be 12,000 strong, with
an immensenumter of cannons
no doubt they w

Serer ely

 

were active,

there was uuid enter Kimber-

   

ley.

The President expressed vigorously his cone
tempt for the tactics of Sir Alfred Milner He
said, “That they should have though! we Were
sueb cowards us ¢ ystand idly by and see meu
of our own nati ity butchered hurt
m etofal.” frora while he added
“No veragain shall I be a party to orsh

sign any eonvention with the English

referred to America,
but not with the saine good nature as 1 Pres-
ident Kriger. He said he bid made @ per.
sonal appeal to President MeKinley tor arbi.
tration, but had been refused

“\Amerca,”’ he said, “has
atan understanding with England. The re-
publican idea is deat We are looked upon as
vassals of Kagland, but we will show the world
that we are able to dofend our liberty as long as
we have life”

He referred also, with somo bitterness, to the
Cape ony politicians of the African party as
men whoso ‘sole idea of assistance was to get
upasubseription forthe widows and orphans,
Our friends there are our greatest enemies,
We can do without them.’

The 1,500 Boers at Belmont were reinforced
by the arrival of COO more men in time to take
part in the flight on the 23d. They withdrew
underthe heavy artillery fre of the English,
and report 14 killedand 70 wounded
losses on the 25th at Graspan must have

President Steyn ais

evidently arrived

 

   

For information regarding Florida's great winter
resorts, apply to Travelers’ Information Uo,, 3 Pars
Bi, N. X.—4dv

on the 24th for |

Theis |

About a dozen
men were there, and notwithstanding the im-
mense importance of this day's engagement
these Afrikanders discussed all sorts of sub-
Weasels, a giant of a man, told
humorous stories of the Natal fighting;
despatches kept roiling in, but not the one wa
were all waiting for, At last a telegram ar-
rived from oneof the Veld-Corneta who hal
been fighting all day. He reporte! that the
Engliah had been driven back at all points,
The comment passed on this was that the
English had been unable to deliver their at-
tack owing to the lateness of the hour and
would commence again in the morning.

A great battle had been fought, one which
may become famous, and yet there was the
President of one of the Republics unable to get
a word of detall, I followed the example of the
natives and came here to my hotel to sleep,
musing as I walked along upon some phases of
the Boer character. An American town, under
like cireumstanoes, would wake the place up
with the noise they would make. The placid
Boer goes to sleep,

jects, Jan

A FRIEND OF THLE BOERS IN HARLEM,

An Assistant District
Before the Orators’

Assistant District Attorney Maurice B. Blu-
mentha),chairman of the Tammany Ha!! Com-
mittee of Speakers, at the banquet of the Ora-
tors’ Literary Club, atthe Harlem Arcade yes-
terday, let his heart beat and his ora‘ory voice
the pleadings of his soul for the Boers in their
contest with England, “It nee ts little medita-
tion,” he said, “on the part of one familiar with
the history of our eountry to arrive ata just
conelusion respecting the attitude of Great
Pritain upon the Boer question. The story of
her national crime, dancing to the harrowing
shrieks from far-off American sufferers, who
wore being sacrificed to her avarice and lament.
able ambition, is one which the congress of
nations has written down among the ever.

bleeding wounds in the side of advancing
civilization, Ob, you poor, persecuted people
ofthe South African Republic, stand by your
guns!) There isa just God who presides over
the destinies of nations, and who will raise up

Attorney Eloquent
Literary Club,

  

  

friends to fight your battles for you. Justice,
right, airneas Will prevail. Your sisternations
of the worl! soon realize (he tinportanee of

the principles involved in vour holy contest,”

Recovering After Fighteen Pays of Un-
consciousness,

Seven-year-o'd Vincent O'Donnel, a son of
Capt. Wiliam J. O'Donnel! of 31 South Tenth
street, Newark, is just returning to consciou
stupor produce:

 

ness uffer eighteen dayso
afall downstairs orcover the balust:
house on Jan 4. He was not seen to
was found face downward

 

 

 

 

 

in the hall fee min
utes after a erash was heard, There were
bruises onthe back of his head and ou hi
temple, Twophysicians and a tra { nurse
have been givis im attention ever sine and
hie bh Hmost constantly enveloped
in fee bnes to subdue brain vey prs. ¢ <
| Ho lister did not fee! encouraged about the
CHRO BL yesterday, Nourishment and med
pina b ve been gwiven ehieffy by hey rvieu
on Saturday and yesterday the
t ulowomnilh
Capt. O Donnell is ehief kat the State

Prison in ‘Prentor

| the

; Cr

Waterproofs |

+ auee

SANT -BLOWERS CAUGHT IN NEWARK

Three Crooks Who Are Believed to Have
Shot a Bridgeport Watchman,

Vour crooks, whom the Pinkerton agents de.
eeribe as hobo safe burg'ars belonging to @
new fraternity known as “Yegas.”’ were are
rested in Newark lust Thursday night while

quarrvelling amoug themselves on the street,

Three of them answered descriptions sent out
by the Pinkertons asthe men who almost
murdered Charles Morris, a night watehman at
Kekert’s brewery in Pridgeport, on Jan, 8,
while attempting to rob a safe, and that agenoy
was notified of the arrests, Detectives Butler
and Dongherty went to Newark and recognized
as the men they were after,
impression wis confirmed yesterday
Detective Captain Arnold, Policeman
District Attorney Samuel Fessenden
and six othar persons from Bridgeport went to
Newark to look at the men
The prisoners are Henry Ogden, alis “Cone
heet Blackie’; Frank Lashaway, alias
‘New York Whitie’; James Murphy, better
known “Bie J and James Anderson,
and they owe their arrest to their own folly,
ihe four men were loitering at the corner o
Clay and Ogden streets, Newark, last Thurs.
day night. when. they) began to. quarrel,
Finally Lashaway hauled out a revolver, and,
when bis companions ran, flredfive shots after
them. Three policemen heard the (ring and
\ led in gathering in the four crooks,
The men Were close questions but none
would reveal the cause of the quarrel,
iT identified

prisoners
Their
when

 

min,

eur

  

 

 

Six of the Bridgeport visiters
rday as on

 

 

‘n yest softhe men seen lurk.
ing aro ithe brewery before the safe-llow-
ingepisode. Pour of the six witnesses were

ure of Lashaway and only one wag

  

able to identife Murphy. The trio was held
in default of $1,000 bail each, The man who
gave the name of Anderson is @ erippled holo,
Heis detained as a possible witness against
the others, Requisition papers will be ob-
tained on whieh to take Ogden, Lashaway and
Murphy to Conn

¥ men whoshot Morris were trying torob
the brewery where he was employed, They
puta pistol to his head and commanded him to
hold up his hands, He putupa tight, however,
and one of the robbers shot him. The bullet
lodged in one of his lungs, but he recovered
The thieves escaped, but they had been eeen
in a saloon near the brewery and ou a@ «treet
car so that the Pinkertons, when called tn,
wereable to get good deseriptions of them,
Nothing is known of the fourth crook, who
gave his name as Anderson, and he is not sus-
! acted of having hada hand inthe Bridgeport
yon

Assistant Superintendent Dougherty of the
loval Pinkerton agency gave the following
facta about the prisoners yesterday ;

“Connecticut Bluckie.’ ‘New York Whitle’
and ‘Big Jim’ Murphy, are lesser lights of the
‘Yege’ fraternity. A hooo or tramp burglar ia
known aga ‘Yegy.’ Their members are now
legion. They tow open saes with nitro-gly-
ecerine ordyuamite, Where nitro-g'yeerine ie
used all the cracks of the safe are puttied shut
with bar soap; a cup made of soupis placed at
acrack near the top of the safe, into which the
nitro-glycerine is poured and from which the
liquid finds its way about the entire safe door,

 

tieut

 

This liquid is afterward exploded witha ftul-
minating eap and fuse. In some instances
great dam#ge is done bythe explosion. Tha

‘Yer@’ likes to operate where there is a night
watchman on guard, on the bellef thatif the
watchman is bound with rope there will be no
other Interference from the police or others,
who believe a piace 80 guarded to be perfectly
sate, This class of burg.ar operates en safes
in post offices, breweries street railway com-
panies’ offices, Joeal hea !quarters of Western
Rest houses and of! companies’ offices,

“Ogden formerly lived in Bridgeport and has
a bad record there, He has served time tn
Montana, Tashaway has served one term in
the Albany penttentiary,”

Bripokeont, Conn., Jan, 21,.—Charles Brack-
ett, enwineer of the Eckert brewery, was
arveste! several days after the shooting of
Morris and isnow held, It is asserted by the
police that he made contradictory statements
regarding his whereabouts, but was near the
brewery about the time of the shooting.

HE WAS NO POMPIOUS PRELATE,

 

 

 

The Bishop of Tennessee Tells a Story
About the Bishop of Kentucky,

Bishop Gailorof Tennessee devoted some time

at the banquet of the University of the South

| Alumnithe other night to telling stories, One

of them was “on” the Bishop of Kentucky, who

| was present atthe hanquet.

“Inone of the backwoods towns of Ken-
tucky,” seid Bishop Gailor, ‘the pastor of the
Baptist Church gave out this notices before the
sermon one Sunday morning:

“'T am told, and have been partially cone

vineed,’ hesald, ‘that {t is my Christian duty
to wive the following notice, to wit, thata man
who styles himself the “Bishop of Kentuck

ia about to visit this town, and will hold
torth in the Court House on Wednesday evens
ing desire to add, however, my brethren,
that inthe humble opinion of your pastor the
\ ree for mombers of this congregation on
Vednesday night will bein this place listening
to your own pa r, rather than listening to
the words of that pompious prelate at the
Court House.’

“On the following Thursday morning the
Baptist went out upon the street seeking for
some of his congrewation who had not been at
the Weltnesiay evening meeting. The first
one he found was a deacon

“Well, deavon,’ he asked, ‘were you to the
Court House last night?’

Van said the dencon

“'Dtrust$ sail the parson, with some fron fn
his tone, you were edified by the words of the

my
pet v ney

 

   

 

jooky here, parson,’ said the deacon,
‘that man ain't no pompious prelate, no such
thing. Hes just as common as there is. What
dy you reckon he did—he preached in his ehirt

Rieeves

HELD UP IN BINSONHURST,
A Pair of Footpaas Get Away With James
I}. Porter's Watehchain,

James F.
Fighty-

Dorter of Twentieth avenue and
xth street, Pensonhurst, while on his
way home shortly before 1] o'clock yeaterday

norning was held up by two men at Bay Six-
teenth street an ef ehity-siith street and robe

     

het a au Watehohain, The robbers
vis committed under the glare of an eleetria
tht and it is only aftera hard fight that
Porter managed to free himself fiom the grasp
fthe highwaymen and prevent them from
eng hts toh and othervaluabes. The
‘ ' ivhts wave Vortor an opportunity of
f wants yand when he ree
rte the are the § teach poles they
arrest wl Charh Brun one years old, of SK
Tera venue, Jersey Ciry and John Walsh,
years old, of 140 Biuvabeth street, Manhattan,

 

THE TASTE OF

66

is preferable to
gentle in action.

that of other Purgative Waters.
Does not cause crampy pains.

APENTA’

More

THE HOSPITALS of EUROPE and the UNITED STATES

use Apenta regularly.
Physicians of the World

It 2s recommended by the leading

The Name of the APOLLINARIS CO., Ld., London, on
. the label is a guarantee of uniformity and superiority,