—_—"_

GOVERNOR WILL SS or FORCE THE
PIGHTING THIS WEEK,

Ret ts Coming -vayn Sald to Have Se-
cored Heavy Re-enforcements—Attitade
of Certain Senators Another Conference

Albany early

 

 

powevelt. returned to

   

vd

_ morning. Senator Platt departed

‘ nal) ngton at dLo'’clock in the morning,
after Lreakfastiag with the Hon. George W.
Ahiridge of Kochester, Supt, Payn changed
his mind Saturday afternoon at the last mo-
ment and feci led to remain in New York
uytil yesterday afternoon, Mr, Payn was
at Delmouico'’s Saturday evening disevssing
political and other affairs with his friends.
Youterday raing he had a long talk with

Che rman Odell ofthe Republican State Com-

mittee Ihen he went to Albany,
Gov, Hoosevelt is as confident as confidence

{taelf that he will unseat Mr. Payn as Superin-
tendent of Insurance Mr. Paya is nota whit
behind the Governor in confidence, and is sure
that he will hold over as head of the Insurance
Department of the Btate, Mr. Payn’s friends
aad yesterday that within the lust twenty-
four hours he had received substantial offers
» Itisa pretty fleht, and the best
judgment yest rday seemed to be that no man
ontop of earth ear foretell the result,

sepator Patt isto return to New York next
Prday evening Gov, Roosevelt, it is said, may
bein town atthe same time. Mr. Payn will
certainly not be far from the Fifth
Avenue Hotel precincts, Gov. Roosevelt, it
{s now stated, will not nominate anybody

to succeed Mr. Payn until after this -called
final conference on Saturday next. But hete-
eves that inthe end he will be able to naine a
successor to Mr. Payn who can secure the
pecessary twenty-six votes in the Senate,
senator Elisworth, President protem, of the
ateand a warm friend of Senator Platt, has
rel unreservedly that he will support
Roosevelt's eandidate for Super.

of assistal

fi

 

 

(10) ‘ .
intendenit of Insurance. Senator William
fF. Johnson of Tioga, Senator Platt’s home

county, has deelared likewise, = Those
sequainted with the utterances of Senators
LJsworthand Johnson to Gov, Roosevelt seem
to believe that a great deal could be deduced
from their attitude, Others say that eventually
the stand taken by Mr. Elisworth and Mr,
Johnson will turn out. to, mean little or
nothing. The great point to be certain of, it is
paid, ia aato the actual attitude of Senatora
Henry SS, Ambler of Chatham (Columbia
county, Mr. Payn's bailiwiek), George R. Malby
of St, Lawrence, James D, Feeter of Herkimer
andJoln Raines of Ontario, A good deal dee

ends also upon the attitude of the
Beeate Insurance Committee, which is
made up as followa: Cornelius R. Parsons

chairman’ of Monroe, John Raines of Ontario,
George Malby of St. Lawrence, William. F.
Johnson of Tioga, William L, Thornton of Sul-
livan and Henry 8S. Ambler of Columbia, Re-
‘ublieans, and John Francis Ahearn of New
Vork, William J. Graney of Westenester and
Thomas F. Donnelly of New York, Democrats.

This Senate Committees on Insurance ia
made up of old and tried politieal friends
of Mr. Payn. They have the power to “put to
sieep” Gov osevelt’s nomination or nomi-
nations for a proj osed auccessorto Mr. Payn:
that ja, they can foratimeat least, put a qui-
etus upon the Governor's efforts to displace
Mr. Payn shoul! the committee so decide,
aud yet the Senate asa body has the power
to insist that the committee shall report,
and to overrule its report.

Meantime all legislation at Albany ia blocked.
That may be agood thing. It is almost cer-
tain that no legisiation of moment can come
put of the Legislature until it is definitely
known whofsto be the victor in the Roose-
Velt-Payn fracas. And all agree that both the
vovernor and Mr. Payn are dandy fighters,
hod the shindy promises most interesting da-
velopments.

BOLTON HALT'S SPFECH STOPPED,

Talked Single Tax in a Sing Sing Chureh
Countess Schimmel! mann Present,

Sino Stina, N. Y., Jan. 21.--An evangelist
service was held this afternoon inthe High-
land Avenue Methodist Episcopal Church at
which the Countess Adeline Schimmelmann,
the Dane who is making an evangelistic tour
ofthis country, and Bolton Hall, a eonofthe
late Rey, Dr. John Hall of New York, spoke
The church was crowded to the doors with
people from all denominations of the village.
Mr, Hall who, although advertised as a clergy-
manthroughan error inthe announcements
sent out, isnot a minister of any denomina-
tion, but 1s a social reform advocate, a member
ofthe New York Tax Reform League and a
great admirerof the late Henry George. He
took this occasion to give his views and this
eaused muchcriticisam of him and the Single
Tax Association of Sing Sing. which fs believed
to have been responsible for his presence,

The Countess was the first speaker. She
took no text, but impressed upon her andience

the necessity of not simply belleving what the
Bible taught to be right, butof knowing it to
be right. “I do not believe what the Bible
teaches to be true,” she said. “I know itis.”
She gave 4 graphic description of her labors
among the peor in large cities in the old
country, and told about her work among
strikers and Anarchists in Hamburg,Germany
In one of these incidents she told how she gave
a beefsateak supper to a number of hungry
workmen, and gave a description of the supper,

Following her Mr. Hall was introduced, The
topic he was to speak on was, “Give us this
day our dally brea!.”” But in announcing his
subject Mr. Hall said, “Give ua this day our
dally beefateak,’’ and then sought to show why
the conditions as they now ex.sted in all coun.
trieathrough appropriation of the Jand tothe
enrichment ofthe owners brought about the
condition under which the countess saw the ne-
cessity of furnishing the poor men of Hem:
burg with the beefsteak. The people preaent
did not like this sort of an address, and nudged
ope another and Jooksa of disapproval went
around the auditorium, but the speaker went
onintoalong political argument, till Anally
requested to stop by Mr. Israel, the Secretary
ofthe Young Men’s Christian Assoviation of
Ring Sing. who went up to the pulpit and put
hishandon Mr. Hall’s shoulder. Mr, Hall re-
tired immodiately

No sooner had Mr Hall eoneluded than the
Countess arose, announced that it was imper-
ative that she should leave for another en-
gagement, and sald, apparentiv with sarcasm
“Lalways ask God for my daily bread and He
always provides it.” She looked at Mr, Hal! as
she apoke

The people when they filed out of church
eriticised Mr Hall, whose remarks, they suid,
might have been practical, but still the church
Was no place to air political theorles

The Countess spoke to the prisoners at Sing
Sing Prison in the foreoon, She did not visit
any of the prisoners, but will de so during the
week, Shewillremainin. Sing Sing for wev-
eral days as the guest of Mrs. Ic. A MeAlpin

PRIVAN'S TALK IN BOSTON,

Asilk Hat Committee Is Gotng to Provi-
dence to Get the Colonel and Gaard Him,

Boston, Jan. 21 —Willlam Jennings Bryan is

  

tobe received by the Boston Democracy with

the pomp that the followers of free silver
Cah muster, and in order to see that
tl a gets safely away from Provi-
denee early on the morning of Jan. “0 a
distingnished committee has been appointed
to Bo there the evening before and act as body
guar! for bryan through the night sed escort
Viti to Bostor Ihis committee consists of
the folowing perty leaders Robert Treat
Paine, Ir Vian SS. MeNary, Christopher
1. Catial George bred Williams, Michael

 

 

  

  

 

 

  

DAYS OF GRACE FOR PAYN,

  

SS SSS ess sttsstesssssnsenesienesnnsniseniniese

 

Connil, Charts D. Lewis, John H, Lee, A,

Hin Stephen M. Walsh, about all the
Vt nits that the party can muster
he Post | hemhborhood, exeept the |
famiior “Cit kranets A Hobart, who |
hoes hot seen, t scathing much ofa tigure in
Democratic ei t present

a wr ne t ov lenoe the committe
‘otatrend the ryan meeting and the next
morning will set out for Boston escorting the
s ider withthe intention of safely deliv.
mritghiminto the hands of the members of
the Brvan Cub, whose guest he has promised
foteotubreaktast given in hishonor After
‘he lite Dreakfist has been partly digested
Mr. irvan is to be hustled down to Faneuil
Hall, where an elaborate banquet is to be wiven
atthe pres Sa tieket, vith wines the
Mireur says, andthe diners are limited to 400

to the invited guests, After the
‘ro bewinning at Soo'coek, there will bea
inence, and, if the flow of oratory

bsint san adjournment will be taken to
the Mechontos’ Building, where the general
on Ww bave an opportunity of hearing
ryan, Altgeld, Williams and others,

 

 

Bryan's Coming Visit to Jersey City.

bheoony definite arrangement made thus

farfor the reeoption of William J. Bryan in
der Wednesday night is the engage-
er’s Hallion York street, [tia a

ke hall A brass band will be engaged tos
y, inwitat - Wil besent out to prominent
W'S and other arrangements made
ther Rovert pavis said last night that he
1 ho positiy formation about Mr, Bryan's

 

ey City ¢

hientotse f

 

    

 

ts He willbe in the custodyofCon-
Keossman William De Daty and will probab/s
pte With th: Congressman at his home in
Holoken, Alter dinner the visitor will be
tted to the Clubhouse of the Robert

] * Association in Jersey City, the Demo-

headquarters and from there to the
© dail,

 

a

KHROOKLYN KEVIVAL PROSPERS,

 

An Overflow Meeting Necessary Yesterday
—Dr, Broughton’s Address.

That interest in the revival meetings now in
Progress in Brooklyn is not lacking was plainly
demonstrated yesterday afternoon intheYoung
Men's Christian Association Building, The ree-
ular service were hel in the large lecture room,
and an overflow meeting in the parlors down
stairs. The Rey. Dr, A.C. Dixon, pastor of the
Hanson Place Baptist Church, conducted the
overflow meeting. The largo meeting was
presided over by the Rev. Dr. David Gregg,
pastor of the Lafavette Avenue Presbyterian

Church, and the Rev, Dr. J, Chadwick, one of
the presiding elders of the Methodist Episco-
bal Church, offered prayer.

whe Rey, A. T. Pierson took as his tople,

‘The Healing Power of Christ.” He said that
God was as near to his hearers now as He was
to the leper whom he had reciaitmed while
stilla long way off

The Rev. L. G. Broughton of Atlanta, Ga.,
began by recalling the story of the. meeting of
Jesus with Mary Magdalene, “I want to
speak,” he said, “on the words found in Luke
vil, 47; ‘For she loved much,’ and to dwell
upen the remarkable triumph of love dis-

layed) in her attitude toward Jesus,

The fact that the Saviour was then
visiting a Pharisee was a most remarkable cir-
cumastance in itself, almost as remarkable as it
was that He had been invited to do so by the
Pharisee, one of those men Who do not want to
associate with others who do not think a8 he
does or have not quite as much of this world’s
goods ns he has.”

The speaker then told of two beauti‘ully
dressed women who attended church. He re-
ferred tothem as Phariseas, They took seats
ina pew and shortly changed it for another
because two women wearing sunbonnets had
been ushered into the same pew. After they
had been seated in the second pew, another
woman Wearing ® suubonnet entered and sat
bv them. The two women then left the church,
“as if the devil was after them. and,” hea
added, “IT had no doubt that such was the
vase.”

“Love of God, expressed in the life of Jesus
Christ,” said the speaker, “ts tho foundation of
the fath. The time has come when the
Christian church must insist upon an unques-
tioning beliefin Him.) The erticiam is made
that these meetings are conducted upon lines
Which are too narrow; that the guage must

he broader, The basis of this movement
must be Jesus Christ and Him erueifled,
No movement can be greater than its

foundation, and the more narrow the truth the
mor clear the cut. My dear friend, you must
accept Jesus asthe Saviour, the Son of God.
It makes no difference how moral youare. If
you do not accept Jesus Christ you will be a
sinner all your life and reap the penalty of
heli. Oh! that we could save you from the re-
sponsibility of the ‘Higher Theology.’ The
gospel by way of the heart only has the power
tosave. The trouble with you ta that you do
not ‘love much,’ ” ,

These icesnreto becontinued in Associa.
tion Hai, at noon every day of the. present
week, The Saturday noon meeting wil! be for
teachers and school children, On Saturday af-
ternoon at 4:15 there will be a special meeting
for men only,

The music at these services is furnished by
the Association Orchestra, of whieh Albert Pb.
Linderoth ts directorand inatractor. Heeom-
pleted hia fourteenth vear in this capacity yes-
terday and aasilk American flag was given to
him,

SLEPT,

GONE WHILE. SHE

Mrs, Bowman's Little Negro
Prisoner.

JPWELS

Nurse-Girl a

Viola Moore, a negro girl of 13, living at 241
West Forty-first street, was brought to the
West Thirtieth street station last night by De»
tectives Lockwood and Falconer on a charge of

having stolen $500 worth of jewelry from
Mra) Fmma Bowman, the wife of
A. Bowman, a real estate agent, living
atthe St. Cloud Hotel. Mrs, Bowman engaged

»come

the little girl about three weeks am ft
tothe hotel every day to tuke care of Mrs
Jowman's four-year-old son, She went home
every night

On Saturday afternoon Mrs. Bowman woke
from anap and told Viola that she could go
home, When she was gone Mrs. Bowman
missed her jewelry which she had carried tn an
envelope iu the bosom of her dress, In the
morning when Viola appeare! at the house,
she was asked if she had_seen the envelope
She aaid she had not. Mrs, Bowman noti-
fled the police and two detectives questionel
the little girl, but she persiste) in her denials,
Mr. and Mra. Briggs. of the Tilden apartment
house in Gramerey Park, who had recom
mended the negro. girl, were notiths d
ant they took the little «girl with
them tothelrhouse. Bytalkingto her kindly
they finally got her to admit thats he had
taken the jowelry, She said that the envelop
had slipned from Mrs. Bowman's dress to the

 

floor while she was sleeping. Viola picked
it up First ahe anid that. she
had thrown the envelope out oo the
hotel window. Afterward she — declared

that she had dropped it down the slot of the
Sixth avenue cable car tracks bee wise she
knew that the police were after her. Then she
tolatwo orthree other stories and the Briggses,
seeing that they could make nothing of her
stories, tarned her over to the police

Viola was perfectly self-possessed when cha
was broughttothe etation She did not ery,
Nur denied that she had confessed the
Briggsesthat she had taken the Jewelry She
was sent tothe Gerry Society

to

TROLLEY TIED UP.

Conductors and Motormen Strike for 20
Cents an Hour and for a 10-Hour Day.

TROY

 

Troy, Jan. 21.—The conductors and motor-
men on the Troy division of the United Trace
tion Company etruck this morning at So'clock
and the line bas been completely tied up all

day. The railroad has made no attempt to re-
open the liae, though it is understood that an
attempt to run a car will be made at
4 o'clock to-morrow morning. [extra de-
taila of pollee have beer prov led in
anticipation of trouble. The men on
Raturdar presented to Supt. Fassett an agres-

ment providing for a wage scae of twenty
eents an hour for a day of ten hours, Supt,
Faasett refused to consider the matter, and re-
ferred the men to the Board of Directors of the
road. ‘The men held # meeting at 4+ o¢
thia morning and voted to go on strike
result, $50 men refuse | to go out with the cars
this morning :

The company has in force on \Ibr
division a sliding Wage seale, providing to
cents an bour fortwo-year men, 18% cents
three-year men and 20 eants an hour for men
in the employ of the company over five yours.
It waa in anticipation of an enforcement:
seale on the Troy road that the men. struck
Forty green men were putat work on the Troy
division last week, Theyall joine | the strikers

-Tayv
onda direct cause of the trouble, which has
been brewing since Jan, 1, when the Troy and
Albany trolley lines were merged uncer the
control of one company. was an order issuoid
Igat Wednesday forbidding motormen to sit
down while in charge of (ear or to have camp
stool4on their cars wththem, The ofleers of
the company say that they have forbidden the
motormen the use of camp stoos In pursuance
of recommendation of the State Haliway Com-
mission and that the lives of passengers are
endangered if motormen sit while operating a
eur

its

 

  

 
    

  

 

 

eau,

[Li RGED SWINDLESX

 

W. W. Coe Charged With Defrauding a
Voston Man Out of 85,000, Arrested

Bostos, Jan. 21.—Chief Inspector of Police
Watts received a telegram from White
Plains, N. Y,, to-night announcing the arrest
in that place of William W. Coe of Somerville,
Maas., who is wanted here on @) warrant
charging him with the lareeny of $5,000
from George Francis, proprietor, of a cate
here, Coe wae a promoter of the Althman In-
ternational Motor Company, and Watts says he
secured the money from Francis under repre.
ventations that it was to be nsed to buy up a
controlling — interest lie ownve as
Jntern! 1,000 shares of the | company’s
stock and a ninety days’ note for $5,000,
signed by Coe as Treasurer of the company

Cole

) When the note beeame due Francis was unable

to secure satisfaction from Coe and consulted

Chiof Watts, who advised the issuance of a war-
ant ;

. r ‘we waa traced to White Plains by means of
the freight car in whieh he shipped his furni-

ture, He has ason at Princeton

UNCONSCIOUS ON ELEV ITED TRICKS,
Printer Soys He Fell Off a Train, but Hasn't

Told How-—CLikely to Die,

When engine 31 of the Third avenue ele.
vated railroad pulled a train into the Sixty.
apventh strect station last night at Vo'eloek
the guards reporte! to the ticket agent
that they had seen an unconselous man ving
on the narrow. footpath between the tracks
at a point juat above Sixty-sixth street. Police.
man Wilhelm was notified and he carried the
inan tothe station. He was taken to the Pres.
byterian Hospital, where he reeovered enough
to any that he was P J. Murphy, 50 yeara old,
aprinter of 220 Kast Kighty-tourth street, tle
said that he had fallen offa train, but before he
eonld tell how the accident had happened he
anguin became unconseious fhe surgeons

think be will die.

No Aliens or Paupers Must Work.

Tne Central Feavrated Union passed resolu

tions yesterday against any attempt whichmay

employ “allen or pauper" labor on

be id transit tunnel and asking that none

but citizens be employed, A committee oft

three was also appointed to see the oity
authorities about it,

 

 

THE SUN, MONDAY, JANUARY 22, 1900.

   

 

ARCH BISHOP KEANE HOPES TO KAIBE
81,000,000 IN 1WO YEARS,

 

The Universities Turning Out Educated Ag-
rostics Instead of Christians, It Remains
for Catholics to Bring the World to
Christianity, He Says—Appeal for Funds,

The Most Rev. John Joseph Keane, Titular
Archbishop of Damascus, Canon of St. John
Lateran, Consultor to the Congregations of the
Propaganda and the Sacred Studies, and Bishon
Asalstantto the Pontifical Throne, permitted
by the Pope to return to the United States to
raise money for the endowment of the Catholic
University at Washington, preached in St
Stephen's Church yesterday morning. Through
somebody's mistake, the announcement was
sent ont on Saturday afternoon that Arch-
bishop Keane would preach in the Church of
the Sacred Heart of Jesus in West Fifty-firat
street, and at the latter church the undor-
standing was that the Archbishop was to
preach in St. Agnes’s Church, Notwithatand-
ing the mix-up as to the announcement, a
large congregation heard the Archbishop's
sermon,

“Just previousto the coming of our Saviour,”
saidthe Archbishop, “the Jews were divided
into three classes, the Pharisees,the Sadducees
and the Herodians, hypocrites, thinkers and
politicians, The people of the world to-day ara
divided into practically the same classes, and
the influence of the Sadducees fa the most
powerful, They assert that they will be the
leaders of thought in the future. But they
concern themselves entirely with problems
that can only be solved through the application

ofthe rules ofecience, Tothe great questions
of lite and death and immortality they give no
further attentton than to say, ‘We don't know.’
They have put religion out of their daily life,
as did the Jewsor old, and, untess their in-
fluence is counteracted, the fate of the Jews
will be visited upon the people of this day,

“Now the only way to counteract and mullify
the influence of the modern Sadduceee is to put
religion back into the every-day life of the
peopie. But habits and customs and usages
are matters of education. Therefore, if men
are to be brought around to carry the Christian
religion Into their everyday dealings with their
fellow men, they must be educated todo so,
FPduecation and religion must go hand in hand,
inthe primary sehooland the high sehool, in
the college and inthe university and particu.
lage in the two latter

“The apirit of the ancient Sadducees controls
the universities of the world to-day, and young
men are being turned out educated agnostics,
instead of e jucated Christians, Ifour country
and its people, ifthe world and its peop e, are
to be finaley saved, religion must take the place
ofirreligion inour universities and collezes,
and Christianity must supplant agnosticiem,”

Archbishop Keane closed hia sermon witha
piea for funds to complete the endowment of
the Catholie University at Washington, In
conversation with a SUN reporter yesterday
afternoou the Archbishop outlined the Pope's
plan in reference to the untversity, He sald:

“Heonuuse the Holy Father feela that the
world has greater need than ever forthe prac-
tical application of the prineiples of religion to
the affairs of everyday life, because he be-
Heves this can only be brought about through
education, and because he has become firmiy
convinced that America is destined to be the
leader of the future in the thought and action
of the world, he has permitted me to
return tomy country to raise funda to com-
‘te the endowment of the Catholic Univer.
We have now there, not only the divinity
school, but every school embraced in a uni-
veraity except a sehool of medicine. It will
take between $700,000 and $1,000,000 to put
the university where the Holy Father wants tt,
and this sum, I hope to raise in two years
hinee the universities of other denomina' ions
do not fad it practical to make the teaching ot
religion. a partof the university course, it re-
mains for Catholics to do this, and, conae-
quently todo the greater work of bringing the
world back to Christianity ”

Archbishop Kesne will preach tn St. Agnes's
Chureh on Feb 18

  
 

 

 

  

THIRD AVENUE WORK,

Contractor Naughton's Men Laid Of fora
Week or Two.

Naughton & Co.,, who are changing the Third
Avenue company’s lines into under tro'ley
eleetrie roads, laid off several thousand men
on Saturdey night beeausea a great part of
the work that was under way is either fin-
ished or stopped for the time by local con-
siderations or lack of tnaterial. The Third
Avenue line is now practically complete, thore
being buta little work todo oni{t, and no places
alongit are open except at Forty-second street

and 125th atreer t these places the delay is
due to lack of spectal material, and at Forty.
by the pipes. Gis oom-

LULL IN

 

 

Recond atreat, besides,
panies object to having their pipea moved in
freezing Weather
from the Poat OMee to lilst street and Am-
sterdam avenue, and there is now oniy the
twenty blocks to IN1st street to complete there
to connect with the electric roudatthe end of
the line, Theentivre boulevard tis done exe

 

at the crossings, whoch are waiting for special

work. In Tenth avenue, below Fifty-ninth
street, the work isin the hands of the Metro-
~Mlitan Street Railway Company, aa itis in
| irst avenne between Thirty-tourthand Forty.
second streets

Sup. Robertson onge that he is going to taka
stock of the material on hand, and hopes to be
able to tackle the Kingsbridge line and tha
}10th street line tn a week or so, when the men
laid off will be reémploved

NOVELIST BLACKMORE DEAD,

 

 

 

The Author of “Lorna Doone’ Dies at the
Ange of seventy-tive,
Special Cable Deepateh to Tur Sun
Lonpon, Jan, 21,—Richard D, Black more, the
novelist, dled at Teddington on Saturday.

Riehar! Dodldridge Vlackmore, author of
“Lorna Doone,” was born at Longworth. Berk.

  

  

 

Carsare running through |

 

shire, in T825. He owas descended on his
mother’s side from the Kev. Dr, Doddridge
He was educated at Tiverton School
and beeter College, Oxford won a |
scholarship at Exeter and was graduated |
BA. in IM7.Me Diack more was admittedto the
bar in PRoY, and practised for several years as
tt convevancer His tirst novel, “Clarn
Vanughon,” was published in ISd4; “Cradock
Nowell’ was published in 15003, and
his ther novela in this order; “Lorna
Joone,” in Ise; "The Maid of | Sker,”
1872; “Alice Lorraine,” in
IN75, “Crippathe Carrier.” in 1876; “Erema,”
in IMGT: ‘Mary Anerley.” in TARO; "Christo.
well, in D882; "Remarkable History) of Sir

Th
ISS7
IH

as Upmore,” in 1884: "Springhaven,” in
Kit and Kitty. in DS80; Perlyeross,” in
Tales trom the Teling-house.” in LR;

 
  

His last novel, Dariel.” was published in Ds7,
When the author was 72 yearaold Mr. Black-
more also published a poem called “The
Fate of ranklin,’ in. 180, and oa

troralation of the first and second Georgics

 

of Virgil, under the tithe of “The Farm. and
Fruit of Gold” "The Georgtes of Virgil, a
further translation, was published in IN71, Mr,
Blackmore Was a suecessful fruit grower and
giined much renown and profit among hori-
‘uleurists through his oreharda. He wrote

many widely read letters to the London Times

on frult growing
MILLARD R, JONES DIES INSAMNT,

He Was at One Time Well Known asa Law-
yer and Financier but Met With Disaster,

Millard Kt. Jones died early on Saturday
morning in the Manhattan State Hospital,
where he had been for about three months,
Hie was 4% vears old. Mr. Jones was at one
time attorney for and a director of the North
River Bank, which fatled in LMWO, Atthat time
he was well known as a lawyer and flnancier.
\ short time after the failure of the bank he
went to Europe. He remained abroad until
about a year ago, becoming identified with
several financial schemes, none of which was
very suceessiul, ind when he returned to this
country he was broken down in health,

On Ort. 24of last veac, Millard’s wife took
him to Bellevue Hospital and asked that he he
examined as to his sunity, She said then that
business troubles had shattered his health
eon petely, He was later adjudged insane by
Drs. Wildman and Fiteh and on Oct. 27 he was
removed tothe Manhattan State Hospital.

Mr. Jones's altdress was given in the certifi.
cate of death as 1) Fast Eleventh street, but
neither he nor his wife had been at that ad-
dress for several months,

OKITUARI,

 

 

William Harwood, aged 9), the oldest citizen
of Annapolis, Md,, died yesterday, For many
years he was connected with educational in-
stitutions. He was the oldest living. graduate
of st, John's College. He leaves two daughters,

Henry A. Fay of Eust Chester, borough of The
Broux, died atthe Fay homestead yesterday in
his 30th year, At one time Mr, Fay was one of
the leading inuaiclans of Westchester county
and was widely known as an instructor of
music. His wife survives him

Luke W. Stoddard, the proprietor of the
Woodbine Hotel of Matawan, died yes-
terday: he was 45 vears old, He leaves a wife,
He was a well-known wing shot.

Judwe Theodore Schoch raid to have been
the oldest editor in the Uuited States, died
yesterday in Stroudsburg, Pa.

 

Your digestive organs are overworked, vet prompt
action by using Johuson’s Digestive Tablete.—Ado,

ee

FOR CATHOLIC TEACHING, | _4%2r0x rrerrac ax oozes morets| HAV AN A'S PRISON SCANDAL

|
|

 

|

| Worse on the journey

 

 

Me sat Around « While at beitevue, Pou,
Before His Complaint Was Known,

Willis Brown, a negro, who says he got here

from Virginia on Thuraday aboard the Old

Dominion line steamship Jefferson, lodged
three nights with his nephew at 2H
West Forty-first street. Hes fell ill yes-
terjay, and, as he hadn\* any money,

his nephew sent him to Bellevue Hospital. He
sat In the reception room awaiting the diag-

nosis of his complaint about an hour, Then
Dr, Fellenings examined him and told him he
had a common disorder that is not infectious,

he doctor told him to go to the city lodwing
house at Treaty third street and. First
avenue, and to apply ou Monday to the Super-
intendent of Outdoor Poor, who would send
him to the City Hospital on Blackwell's Island,

He came back to Beilevue at 8 o'clock last
night and eat another hour in the reception
room, Many patients came in while
he was there. This time Dr. Cunnine-
ham and the night captain examined him
They decided that he had smalipox, hustled
him into the isolation ward, aud notified the
Board of Health, Dr. Hubbard came and
deciared that Brown had smallpox without
doubt, and he was taken to the Reception
Hospital. 5 ;

The hospital attendants didn't like the idea
of having harbored a amalipox patient two
hours, and the lo'ging houss denizens were
much alarmed when they heard that they were
all to be vaccinated, Brown was not long in the
lodging house He got a_ bath there and
went out after sitting Around about an hour.
The house will be disinfected and Warden
O'Rourke of Bellevue has ordered the lodging
house superintendent to notify the hospital
the moment any of the lodgers develop suspl-
cious sym ptons,

 

FRICTION IN THE PEOPLE'S CLUR,

Prof, Smith Demands a Member's Resigna-
tlon—Majority Say No.

There is friction in People’a Club No. 1,
which was started last year by Charles Sprague
Smith as on adjunct to his People’s Institute,
There was a meeting in the clubroome at
Keventh street yesterlay to talk about the
matter, It is said that a memberof the Mem-
bership Committee used unbecoming language
inthe club and that upon charges being made
against him Prof. Smith, as Vresident of the
club, demanded his resignation from the club.
The member refused to retire, whereupon, it
js sald, Prof. Smith threatened to withdraw
the $200 promised by the People’s [natitute
toward the support of the club Most of the
members stood by their comrade in resent.
ment of what_by some of them was character:
izedas an effort by Prof. Smith to dominate
the club, which it was stated was founded on
the principle of brotherhood,

One of the expressions used by an opponent
of Prof. Smith's influence yesterday was: “The
majority of the members who know tight from
wrong are not ready to follow the footsteps of
Prof. Smith.” .

Anothersail thatthe real question at issue was
the club treasury: that a statement of flnances
was wanted One said that a financial state-
ment from the People's Institute was what the
club really was waiting for. Another asked
why the treasury was empty, when it had been
overflowing

The partisans of Prof. Smith were not talka-
tive, Prof. Smith was not present, After
some fruitless discussion the meeting ad-
journed,

ELEVATED

 

DIED ON AN TRAIN.
Young Philadelphia Harness Maker Col-

lapsed While Being Hurried Home,

William Gillen, dr, a harness maker of
1022 South Twentieth atreet, Philadelphia,

diel suldenly yesterday morning in a
Sixth avenue elevated train at the Corte
lardt street station, Gillen, accompanied

by his father, arrived in this city on Sat-
urday afternoon and put upat the St. Cloud
Hotel, The voung man complained of & pain
in the region of the heart when he got up yes-
terday morning, and went with his father toa
neighboring drug store. He fainted in the
store, and a physiclan was summoned. Ha
recommended the father to take hia son home
to Philade!phia as quiekly as possible.

Father and son weot to the elevated station
at Forty-seeond street and Sixth avenue in-
tending to go straght to Jersey City and take
atrain to Philadephia. The son began to feel
town, and just as the
train was entering the Cortlandt street station,
he swayed from his seat, and fell into his
father's arma, Mr. Gillen, Sr., assi-ted by some
of the passengers carried the young man out
on the piatiorm and call for an ambulance was
sent to the Hudson street hospital, A surgeou
arrived ina few minutes but pronounced the
young man dead

Gillen was only 26 years old, but weighed
more than 200 pounds. He was married, The
body waataken to Philadelphia last night, a
certificate attributing the death to heart dis-
ease being Issued by the Corouers’ physielan

WILL WIN

REPUBLICINS
If They Turn Ont and Vote for Slater To-
morrow in the Thirty-tirst,

The Hon, Samuel! §. Slater, Republican ean
didate for the Assembly in the Thirtyeflrse
district, took account of stock yester Jay and
in the evening he said that unless all signs
failed he would be elected by a handsome
majority over his Tammany opponent, Leon
W, Golfrieh, at the special eleetion to-morrow
Mr. Slater heard reports from every election
district. The workers all united in saying
that ifthe Republicans and Independents who
have declared themselves tor Slater will ony
getoutand vote Mr, Godrech will be snowed
under c :

A fnaleppealto ali_registered Republicans
will bemade to-day. MrosS ater’s workers will
sea every Republican personally, and urge him

 

ty vote before going to buainess, Tf the Re-
publicans will do this Mr. Slater will be
elected

‘There is no doubt that Mr. Slater was

elected in November,” said Silas ©, Crott, the
Repubiiean leader, yesterday. “There would
have been no opportunity for an argument on
the subject, however, had not some Republi-
cans neglected to vote. Every Republican has
een Warned to vote and to vote early, so that
there shall be no chanee for trauds. I think
that they will heed the warning and that Mr,
sinter will be elected.”

PAM LY WELD OF AT BARGE OFFICE,
Brought a Servant Maid With Them Whose
Mother in England Objects.

Edward Smith, ao Poglishman, who arrived
yesterday in the steerage of the Cunarder
Campania, was detained at the Barge Office
with his wife and three children at the request
of the British Consul at this port. Hia wife
brought with herasa servant thirteen-year-old
Flizabeth Turley, The Turleys live in a sub-
urbof Liverpool Mra. Turley declared to the
British authorities that ber girl had been
taken to Americn Without ber consent, and the
Brotish Consul here was asked by eable to stop
Smith, The Sinithe say that Blizabeth bad
been employed by them along time, and that
they suppose! her mother would haye no ob.
jeetion to their bringing her here, fo be cer.
tain about it, however, they. wrote to the
mother She didn't answer, and they supposed
that she didn’t care, sothey brought her with
them. They say they are fond of the girl and
that she was anxious to accompany them. She
anya so, too, ‘The casa will be investigated
to-day

A staten Island Factory Burned,

Fire destroved the handkerchief factory of
James Filiott & Co. in Cherry Lane, West New

Brighton, Staten Island, yesterday afternoon,
entailing a joss of about $5,000, Asa result of
the tire 100 girls will be thrown out of work,

A DINNER DRIN

Saratoga f
Arondack
Water

us table tonic, Comes to New
York every day, fresh from Saratoga.
Get it from grocers, druggists, cafés, or

 

   

 

Greatest Trunk
Corner in America.”

HAMILTON'S

Where Trunks
Are Made.

23d st.& ath Av,

 

Byeglasses Hurt’
Won't Stay On’
Nose Sore’

 

    

 

   

   

 

DISGRACEFUL CONDITIONS FOUND IN
THE WOMEN’S QUARTERS,

Gen. Wood Inastituting Reforma—Nearly
Three Hundred Male Prisoners Already
Released — Commissioners of Finance
and a Commission on Lawa Appointed,

Special Cable Despatch toTur Sux.

Havana, Jan. 21, An investigation of the
women's prison here reveals a condition that
is immeasurably worse than that which pre-
vails in the men’s quarters, The women's
Prison is apart from the men’s, being in an-
other part of the eity. It has several hundred
inmates,

After Major Runcie and Col, Dudley finished
their report on the carcel and presidio they In-
vestigate! the women’s prison. They found
the place utterly filthy, Sanitation was disre-
garded, even in the Havana sense of the word.
There Were no cota or blankets inthe prison
and the wretched inmates were obliged to
sleep on the stone floor, There was not a
woman attendant in the place. Women who
had been ecnined for more than a year had
wiven birth to children. This cireumstance
Was known to those in charge of the prison
system, but it aroused no indignation,

Major Runele is now preparing a report,
which, when it {s submitted to Governor-Gen-
eral Wood, will have interesting developments.
Two hundred and seventy-nine male prisoners
have already been released by Gen. Wood and
thirty-nine others are recommended for pur-
don,

Commissioners of Finance have been ap-
pointed. They are; Sefior Varona, Secretary of
Finance; Sefor Cansio, sub-Secretary; Sefior
Deevernine, ex-Secretary; Major Runcie and
Mr. Rubens, A Commission on Laws, eonsist-
ing of Seftor Estevez, Secretary of Justice:
Sefior Barreiro, Secretary of Education: Sefior
Zayas, sub-Secretary of Juatiee: Major Runcie
and Messrs, Conant and Rubens, has also been
appointed,

A Movementia on foot hereto start a good
newspaper that will not be subservient to any
existing party policy, A paper of this descrip:
tion ts considered to be very necessary aa the
existing organs do not have the confidence of
the people. The new paner would probably try
to identify itself with a new national party, if
such a party covld be formed, uniting the bet-
ter elements of all existing political organtza-
tions, including the Autonomists, and, poasi
bly, the Spantarda,

 

FORT SCOTI’S LYNCHING,

Attempt of Two Murderers to Escape
Brought Out a Mob With Ropes.

Fort Scort, Kan,. Jan. 20.—The lynching
last night of George and Fd Meeka, alias
Smith, two Kansas City criminals, convicted of
the murder of Leonold Edlinger, a young
farmer of Bates county, Mo. was done bya
mobof400 men. Amos Phillips, an old Bates
county farmer, who was convicted of the same
crime, was saved by a determined stand taken
by the Sheriff and his deputies assisted by the
conservative element of the mob

The lynehing was induced by a murderous
assault made bythe prisonera on a deputy
sheriff in un attempt to escape, A battle in
which cight oflcera and three prisoners, the
two Meeks and one other, who was not identi-
fled on account of the darkness, participated,
followed their attempt to get out, One officer
Was wounded and George Meeks was shot in
the leg. Thirty shots were fired in the jail,

A half hour was spent in attempting to in-
dice the men tocome out and surrender, but
they would not, and the only thing left to do
Was to goinafterthem, When George Meeks
was wounded in the leg they surrendered.
Meantime a crow of leading men of the town
congresared inthe court house and was or-
ganizing a lynching party, Ropes were brought
inand tested and instruments for battering
down the jal! doors were procured, When all
was ready they marched in double fle down
the stairs and out through the lawn to the jail,
No resistance was offered,

The Meeks men displayed the same nerve
as shown by them throughout their trial,
They were shackled hand and foot, but George
had sufleient liberty to get a cigarette to his
mouthand he puffed awayon it in apparent
satisfaction. He was almost indifferent. Od
man Phillips was inthe attitude of prayerinthe
nexteell when the two Meeks men were seized
by rough hands. The prisoners were taken to
two trees in front ofthe jail The hemp ropes
Were about their necks before they left the
jai), One man inthe erowd said to the oldest
ofthe viotims: “George, [admire your nerve,

Aman needs nerve to live in this world

Bl Meeks made a brict statement and would
have talked longer, but the mob was too im-
patient, As the cord closed on his neck, he
said

, Boys, vou can hang me if you want. to, but
I'm innocent. Old man Phillips shot Edling or,
and my brother used the axe,"

The nen had scarcely been lifted from the
ground until aecry for Phillips was raised and
@ rush was made for the jail The Sheriff
movedthe men back und urged them to Jet
Phillips alone, because there was a doubt as to
his guilt. The conservative element joined the
Sheriff and saved Phillipa,

WARRANTS FORGET-RICH-QUICK MEN,

Alleged Secret Agents of Austria and Italy
Selling Lottery Bonds tn Chicago,
Cuteaco, Jan, 21,—Warrants were issued late
last night forthe arrest of three men, who are
aconsed of awindling citizens of Chicago out of
$100,000 through a “get-rich-quick” scheme,

Charges of obtaining money by falae pretences |
are preferred fn the warrants, which call for |

the arreat of J H Dalton, known
as "Jack" Dalton, “King of Little Hell,”
North Side Demoeratic politician, saloon-

keeper, slot machine and cash register dealer;
G, W. Harrison, who makes his headquarters
about Dalton's saloon and who posed as a

eapltallat and secret agent of the Italian and
Austrian Governments: confidence man
known as “Happy Jack,” well kiown in tho
First wardas a political heeler and friend of
Aldermen “Bath House John" Coughlin and
“Hinky Dink’ Kenna. Dalton was arrested
atmiinight and gave bonds for his appear-
ance, It is thought that Harrison and “Happy
Jack" are now in New York, where, it is said, a
similar game is being operated

The alleged swindiers, who posed as agents
of the Transatlantic Security Exchange, be-
gin business among the better grades of
mechanics and small business men, They
represente! themselves to be the secret agents
ofthe Austrian and Italian Governments, The
solleitora said the Austrian and Italian Gov.
eruments were conducting lotteries, which had

 

 

secret drawings every nonth, Every investor,
they said, Was to receive 10 per eent
a month interest on the bonds isaued

hy these Governments, which ranged in value
from $500 upward. Bonds were sold at &
each forthe first payment and $2 a month for
fifteen months. After the $42 was paid in the
agents said the intercst would start, and mean-
time each bondholder halachance of draw-
ing Australian and Italian Government bonds
It ia estimated that 56,000. bonds were sold and
thatthe promoters swindled their victims out
of ut least 3100,000 in the two years they oper-
ated in Chicago,

 

Ritch PAY OF STREEI CLEANERS,

Claims for $1,500,000) Threatened—Pay-
ments Won't Be Mate to Brokers,

Agoneral meeting of street cleaners was
held yesterday afternoon at Military Hall, 13
towery, at which Patrick J, MeNulty, Walking
Delegate of the Drivers’ and Hostlers’ Protect-
ive Union explained why the payment of tha
claims of the drivers for back pay for overtime
had been delayed, MeNulty said that two
judgments were obtained, one for $52,000 and
the other for $34,000, The money for tho
aecond jyudgment, he said, had been received
by him @8 Ggsignee of the claimanta only on
saturday and he announced that he wonld be-
gin paying the olaims on it at once, He had
already patd most of the claims on the first
judgment,

MeNuilty said afterward that by advice of a
Inwyer he will refuse to pay the claims of
those who grew tired of wating and sold their
claims at @ discount, MeNulty also said that

a bill had been prepared which would
bring the drivers and sweepers under
the eight hour and prevailing rate of

wages jaw, and provide that there can be no
dismissals without a hearing. It will be intros
duced at Albany by Senator Ford. He said al}
the sults for back pay at the prevailing rate o
wages now pending on behalf of the street
cleaners would aggregate $1,500,000

Bryan Not

To Speak itn Paterson on

Wedneaday.

PATERSON, N.J., Jan. 21.—William J. Bryan
was to have spoken here on Wednesday next,
but the Democratic leaders decided that tn a
manufacturing city the meeting would not. be
likely to be asuccess if held in the day. Mr,
Bryan has been notified and an attempt will be

mate toarrun time ia
February, wea night meeting some

 

 

  

Mudd

blaeii Aoortia dy

LD CROW

but on account of

7

used.

or
Ye Danae abe Unies intl

KBKirk&Co:

H. B. KIRK &

 

The Highest Cost Whiskey

in the U. S.—to manufacture and to the bottler—is the

LD GROW AYE

low as any of the cheaper made whiskies.
HAND-MADE SOUR MASH PROCESS is always

Tt has never been equalled,

 

competition is sold to the public as
The

FOR SALE BY ALL FIRST-CLASS DEALERS,

CO., Sole Bottlers, N.Y.

 

AN OUTLANDER BACK HOME, |

MR, SIMON FAVORS THE BOER CAUSE
AND THRILLS WH),

The Outlanders Before the War Were Mak-
ing Money and Knew That if They
Did Not Like the High Taxes’ They
Could Go Away With a Boer Blessing.

Henry Simon, who went to South Africa flve
years ago to seek his fortune, returned to New
York iast week and is stopping with relatives
at 4 West 117th atreet. Mr Simon waa in
business in Johannesburg when the war be-
gan. Theeffect ot the declaration of war was
to put all business in the Transvaal
public at a standstill, and so he decided to
come home and stay until the war should end
Mr. Simon's sympathies are deetedly with the
Boers. He told a SUN reporter some things
about conditions in the Transvaal

“Had it not been for English espitalists,” Mr,
himon sai!, “there would never have been any
war, because nobody would have ever known
that the Outlanders bad any grievances, The
Outlanders, themselves, weren't sire that they
were not satisfied with the conditions imposed
upon them by the Government of the country
in which they were resident, unti! the mine
owners and other capitalists told them, and
kept harping on the horrible oppression to
which they were subjected by the Boer Gov
ernment.

“Now that war ia on, it is yustas well to tell
the unvarnished truth about some things.
There wouldn't have been any war hal not
Cecil Rhodes and a coterie of moneyed English
Outlandera spent most of their time since the
Jameson raid in trying to pursuade al! the
other Ontlanders in the Transvaal that Krager
was treating them all outrageously. And to-
day, with all their seditious preaching, about

the on!y support Fnoglind has in this war,
among. all the Outlanders in the Transvall,
comes from herownsuljects, The Americans,
Kuss ans, Germans, French and others resi-
dent there are with the Boers toa man

“One doesn'thaveto look far forthe reason
forthisstate of affairs, Becore the war began
all the Outlanders were employed and were
making money, Therefore, they were e@on-
tented, All the conditions were hot as they
would have liked to have them, but they were
bearable, Heavy taxes were iinposed, to be
sure, and the Boor Government, believing that
the running of the Government was its own
business, spent the money raised by taxation
asitsaw fit. There isn’t one Outlander in a
hundred in the Transvaal who has any idea of
making that country his home

“so long as it was possible to make good
money we were satified, knowing that if we
ditn't want to pay the taxes imposed or meet
the other conditions imposed al we had to to
was to stop appropriating a partof the wealth
of the country to ourselves and get out, witha
Poer blessing. The faet that none of us jefr
willingly should

rr.

 

   

be suffleient proof that we
weren't so ternbly oppressed

“The moment the war began
making of the Outlander stopped short. Ail
places of business in Johannesburg and what
there are in Dretoria are closed. Corrneated
fron shutters are up at doors and windows,
Most of the hotels are closed. The people can-
not buy daily supplies. Everybody in Pretoria
and Johannesburg to-day is living on tinned
meats and vezetabies Those who didn't put
1n a food supply of this charaeter before or im-
mediately after the war began had to get out
or starve

“If Milner had not demanded of Kroger at
the Bloemfontein conference suzerainty as well

the money-

 

 

   

ba the franchise, Kidger would have met. the
British demands as tothe franchise and there
wouldn't have been any war, despite the
Rhotes agitation Knowing which side
brought about the war, and that the business
interests of all of us were knocked into #
eoeked hat by it. it's not tobe wondered at
that the majority of the Outlinders are with

the Boers

“It was perfectly clear to all the Outlanders
what Khodes and his colleagues were aiming
at instirring up il-feeling against the Boers,
The whole scheme was just like a bear move-
ment agiinst acertain stock. The bears pound
the stock to get control of it at their own
figure. That war Khodes’s game when he
planned the Jameson raid. That failed, and he
never letupunt!! he got, nota few gentleman
raiders, buta British army to do bis raiding
for him

“Tsuppose the British will win if they keep
at it long enough, and then Rhodes and his
friends will bein control and they will be aa.
isfled, God help Rhodes, however, if Kritzer's
farmer-soldiers catch him. There will be no
such clemency exeretsed this time as there
was toward Jameson and his outtt, The Boe
hate Cecil Rhodes, and if they get him they
hang him. IT really believe that if they could
capture Khodea and kill him, the Boers
wou!dn't feel tinal defeat a0 keenly,”

LtsT VIGHr's CONCERT,

Many Soloists Brought Out a
ence and Pleased Tt,

de Lussan, Johanna Gadski, Albert

Zelie

Saléza, Guiseppe Campanari and Anton Van |

tooy were the soloists at the Metropolitan
Opera House last night and this unaccustomed
number drew a large audience. Emil
Paur was present as usual with his orchestra,
and the combination of these elements re-
sulted in a most enjoyable concert, M. Saléeza
added the most brilliant artistic e'ement to
the programme by his singing of the atr from
“Sigurd,” in which he was heard here Jase
winter at oneof the Boston Symphony concerts
as weil as atthe Metropolitan) He was in ex-
cellent voiee and sang with exquisite taste ¢
@nish His : method shows ; the = tradi-
tions of the French schoo! at their best and be
is rapidly gaining aA place among the fow great

 

tenors of the day. He gave afterward "O
Paradiso” from “L'Africaine "
The programme was especially strong on

the masculine side last night, for Sig. Campa-
nari sang in admirable style Fords monolourne
from ‘Falstaff,’ dnd M. Van Rooy gave an aria
from “bhluah’ and @ group of German songs
with delightful percept. on of thetr signifleance
and benntiful quality of tone,

Mile. de TLussan was heard to better advan-
tage in Gounod’s setting to “There Is a Green

 

Hill Far Away, ‘than in a Mozart aria. Mine
Gadski who was in good voice sang one
of Agathe’s atra from “Dee Freisenite., and
two Sehubert lieder on her naual fashion

Wagner and Rublostein were the compoaers
represented in the orchestral numbers

Remember 7

 

Large Audi- |

| Modern Piumbing.

FROM $3,000 TO $3,000,000.

 

 

| We have Plumbing Appliances for
all kinds of buildings, and in each class

| ours are the best and most reliable

See them or write us for catalogue,

|

|

THE J. L. MOTT IRON WORKS,
84.90 Beckman St,

Pstablished 1998 103 Fifth Ave.

it ocetineanemenentintenintanmenmttmmeemmmmmmmmntedtemtimmmarteneaa
THEIR BOY DID OF SUA SICK ESS

 

On the Campanian, Jast
Port With

Knight Harman, the four-year-old gon of
Archer Harman, Socretary of a company that
{s devecoping the resources of Keuador, dielon
the steamship Campania a few hours alter she
reached hernplerin th seity yesterday, Phe boy's
death was duetoesxhsustion resulting from seae
gickness, He was il all the way across the
ocean from the day after the ship left Queene
town. The iness weakened him rapidly. The
bey had an unusually strong constitation and
was perfectly weil When he started on the voy
age. When the Campania came into port yese
terday he was very low. His father, mother
and sister Were with bim, and the ship's sure
geon did all he could tobrace up the boy's wane
ing strength, Ass the Campania reached
her pler, the family physic.an of the Harmans,
Dr. C, G. Kerlevol 13 West Pighty-third street
was sept for, He reache! the steamsnipata
quarter past 12 0 cloek, Hfteen minutes before
the boy dit d.

[nosmuch as the ship's surge

After She Reached
the Harmans,

 

oon as

m Was not @

reg stered physician bere he could not aiga
the death certifieate, Dro Kerley signed it,
giving exhaustion and beart failure as the

first causes of death, and ad ling a uote to the

 

  

etfeet that the exhaustion had been brought
about by sea-siekness, The Hoeudth Board das
clined to seeept the certifieate on the wiound
thar Dr. Kerley had not attended tae ehild
twenty-four hours before its death Tue cose

wis turned over to the coroners offler as a
matter of form, and Coroners’ Physician Donla
permitted Mr. Harman to have the body ree
moved to his home in the Salamanes aparte
ment house 155 West Filty-elgnth streot
TENANTS RESCUED FPROW FIRE

| Old Woman by Way of the Next Roof,

Invalid and Old Man by the stairs,

While the family of BE. Cohen of 507 Sixth
avenue was out last evening fire started inthe
rear of their rooms on the first floor. The
flames Ht up their front windows and Police-
man Betta, seeing the blaze from the corner of
Thirtieth street, rangan alarm, and then, with
Policeman Reid, ran to turn ow the tenants
from the floors above. Two ellery women,
one aninvalid, andan old man, oecuped this
floor, They became pani ricken when told
that a fire was burning reath then

  
   
 
 

 

 

The two policemen carried Mra Soot, the ine
valid, down statrs first and then went back for
the old couple Policeman Reid hustle t the

 

throngh the smoky

  

old man hallto the street
in lively fashion, but Betts bad his hands fall
with the old woman, She hata flr of eoughing

the minute she poked her nose into the hali,
The amoke was dens» and Betts carried her to
a rear window and climbed out with heron toe
the roofol a stable tronting on Thirtieth street,
She was carried down through the scuttle
safoly.

Tha prompt arrival of the flremen enabled
them to contine the flames tothe Cohen aparte
ments. Most of the damage, which the polica
pace at $h00, was done by water to a tallor
shopon the gronad floor. It is not known how
the fire started,

 

BE

WwAnt TO LICENSED,

Truck Drivers Decide to Oppose an Amends
ment to the Caty Ordinances,

The Truck Drivers’ Benevolent and Protea.
tive Aasoelation, which takes in the organized
| track drivers of New York, Brooklyn and Jere
sey City, is aroused against a proposed amende
ment tothe licensing ordinances of the Board
of Aldermen by which truck drivers are elimte

nated from the list o: callings requiring
Heenses, The track drivers say that they
waked for the ordinance originally because

they have occasionally to work till midnight or
2AM and when they do not report promptly
ito their emploverat® A.M. their places may
be filled by substitutes, if heensed men van be
found, and the heensing of truck drivers makes
it harder forthe emplovers to flad substitutes,
The truck drivers beld a special meeting yeas
terday afternoon to consider the best means of
flubting the amendment, They aserihe the
movement among the Aldermen to Patrick
Keaton, aformer Tammany Aiderman inthe
, Seventh Assenbly district, who, after he left
ithe Board, became an employer of truck
drivers. By aunanimous vote it was decided
to retain alawyer and ght the amendment,
President Michael ©. Murphy said that the age
oclation had a membership of 2.400

REMAINS IN

He Will Be the Pastor of the Second Cole
legiate Keformed Charch,

 

 

DR TILTON WARTEM,

} It was announced last night that the Rev,
Dr. Edward Tilton, one of the associate pase
torsofthe First Reformed Church of Harem,
had accented the call extended to him by the
Second Collegiate Reformed Church of Harlem,

 
 

He will be installed on the first Sunday in
February, Dr. Cole, of the First Collegi Kee
formed Church, willoficiate atthe installation

ceremonies, and the Rev. Dr. Elmendorf,
pastor of the First Reformed Church of Hare
tom, will preach the sermon. Dr. Tilton is 35
years ol and is © graduate of Kutgers College,
He has been a minister for ten years,

Chat Quality

is our aim in the manufacture of

Hartiord
Single-Tube Tires

They can be obtained on all
reputable wheels if asked for.

THE HARTFORD RUBBER WORKS CO.,
HARTFORD, CT.

BRANCH AT 97 CHAMBERS ST., NEW YORK,

 

  

}
4