}
‘
'

 

   
  

NEW KIND
ULORGIANS iN
BLACK MAY

AMS 10
AMONG

ARS!
20M,

‘After 5,600 Negrovs Had Gone West From

Three Counies a Mob Got After the

Leading Evuigration Agent Feared

There Would Be Too Few Parm Hands,

The efforts of emigration agents who have
been engaged in inducing an exodus of negroes
from Georgia to in Mississippi and
Arkansas have caused aremarkable awaken-
ing on the part ot the white people of Georgia
to the value of the negro 0s @ laborer, with the
result thatin certain parts of the State the
whites have risen up against the agents. The
mostactive one, KR. A, Willams, also known
widely there as “Pee Lee” Williams, was
sted for not paving a license fee aa an emi-

erre

gration agent and the farmers gathered
in such numbers, with arms in hand
and threats on their lips, that the

Kheriff,who had Williams in custody, felt called
upon to reniove him from the Morgan county
jail to the jail in Madison and to place him un-
der a special guard to insure his safety, Such
a row was raised over the matter that the rail-

roads have refused to furnish trains totake the

would-be emigrants away and Williams has
been forced, for the present at least, to give
public notice that his operations are suspended
and to advise those who were waiting for him
to provide transportation for them thatit would
be better for them to settle down and raise the
crops for the coming season, The alarm of the
farmers Was cuused by a bolieofthat so large 4
umber of negroes would depart that there
would not be enough help left to work the flelds
and the community would be ruined,
According to the Atlanta Constitution, some-
thing like three thousand and five hundred
hegrovs have left Morgan, Greene and Walton
counties within the last sixty days. Morgan
county bas lost about two thousand and five
hundred citizens in this way, and each of the
other counties about five hundred, A corres-
pondent of the Constitution, Jeseribing the
situation inthis region, writes in bart as fol-
lows;
“Por several weeks passengers boarding
trains in the afternoons along the line of
the Georgia Railroad in this section might
have seen about the depots parties of negroes
numbering from six to twenty-five, now

tanding with an expectant look and
Sandaree about, saying nothing to stranger

o each other, On the opposite |
wide ot the depot from the track could
be seen a half dozen wagons, loaded with

perhaps a bed-

oxe bed clothing, wit
boxes and be with their

stead, the goods being marked
owner's hame, but no destination,
anegro standing off a little aside from the
crowd and ask him Are you going, to
Mississippi?’ and he answers No, sir. I’m
not going to-night.’ In an effort to find out
what he thinks on the subject, ask him why
he does not join his companions, and he will

‘Well, boss, to tell you the truth, Tdunno

what to any. White folks tell me to stay at
home—‘dis the best land in the world The
enthe tells me wares high and land free in

issippi. My nabor's going, and, boss, I

no what to do.’

“What ILhuave described above is just what
haa been going on in Greene, Morgan and
Walton counties for the past several weeks.
Jt has kept up until it has become alarming
to the sections along the Georgia road and
the farmers are waking to the fact that if
it continues they will suffer for labor. | have
eentoldof one farmer in Morgan, who has

en farming out his lands to negro renters,
who has had every renter and laborer on his
place to leave, Others who have made con-
tracts forthe new year and advanced money
and supplies on the faith of such contracts
have been Jeft in the lurch, and while from
every community has gone the trifling and
vagabond class In numbers, scores of ‘armers
have lost valuable work hands and renters.

“Pora time the Georgia road chartere! cars
to the agents, who carried the darkies off by the
wholesale, This was stopped, however, when
fo nany were carried off that a howl went up
from the farming class of the road’s patrons,
and the management of the road readily saw
the damage that might be done,

“at Atlantathe emigrant agents are some-
times met by agents for farmers In the West,
who take the negroos in carioadsa. Others are
contracted for direct with Mr, Williams, and
are transferred in Atlanta and shipped to the
destination, the transportation being arranged
, e agent.
oa e aeepton crop will undoubtedly be
duced in Morgan and Greene from 10 to 20 per
cent,, and if the leaving continues from Wal-
| her crop will be materially lessene! also.”
in

ree

he exodus began in November, but accord.

tothe Constitution the matter was not con-
sidered serious until about Jan. 1, when the
time came to make yearly contracts with farm
hands, tenants and croppers,

“Last September,” the (nnatitulion says, “a
Mra, Levette began the agitation in Madison,
was arrested for violating the State law tax-
ing emigration agents $500 in each county
where they operated and was fined $100 by the
city of Madison. ‘Peg Leg’ made boad for Mrs
Levette, who is his cousin, in the State case,
and she continued to work in Morgan county,
outside of Madison, Opposition from the
whites fired the uegroes as nothing else @oud
have done, and the movement rapidly assumed
the character of a craae, large plantations

being left without a negro family, they sacri- |
fleing their substance in their mad desire to

go to the ‘land of promise.’ Instances are
told of hogs weighing LOO pounds being Bod
for 50 cents; horses and mules almost giv n
away cows left tethered to become the prop-
erty. of the first passerby or to starve; excess
of household furniture given away, &e”

Williams changed the scene of his operations |

to Grevnesboro, but the farmers there became
alarmed and complained to Comptroller Gen-
eral Wright, who instructed Greene county's
tax collector, Ki. L. Mot omming, to demand the
$500 tax of Mr. Williams, which he did. Will-
jama refused to pay, asserting that the law was
unconstitutional, and he was arrested and held
in bail fortrial. Afterward, uoon advice of his
counsel, he paid the tax under protest
He had previously given a
stop the agitation for emigration if requested
to To so, but, considering that his arrest ab-
solved him from the promise, he again began
to make arrangements for sending away the
negroes. He wis then arrested for not having
paid a license fee lust year, and put into the
jail at Madison. ‘There a mob of farmers
gathered a week ago yesterday, aud demanded

 

a promise, which was given, thathe woul) go |

out of the emigration business.
Of the need.
Constitution says editorially:
“The theorist
were freo of the negroes, white laborers of a
much more desirable clasa would come in to
take the places of those that had departed
During this transition period where wonld th
Bouth getan adequate supply of labor’ The
farmers in the sections from which the negroes
were deported would be precisely in the
situation that the farmers in certain counties
of Georula are at present, or worse, if the mi-
gration were general, The work of fling their
Places would necessarily be gradual, and inthe
meantiine 4 large part of the tillable lands of
the South would per force lie faliow, Buta
general deportation of the blacks from the
South is impoasibie for two very satisfactory
reasons, First, because they would wot be
wiilin
of the South would not permit it,’

SEEING 4 PRIZE FIGHT CRAZED HIM,

George Bingham Becomes Insane at His |

Brothers’ House and Fights Them,

George Bingham, a clerk, living at 61 West
11st stroet, became violently insane at the
home of his brothers, Ferdinand and Arthur
W. Bingham, at 845 West End avenue, yoster-

day afternoon, Soon after reaching the house
Bingham bewante talk wildly and break the
furniture,

A policeman anda cab were cailedto take
the young inan to Bellevue, —Vhe policenan
and the two brethers got Bingham tothe
street, but there he broke away andrar
through West lolst street to West Fndavenue,
where the policeman caught him and put him
intothe cab | By the time he reached Bellevur
Bingham had become very violent

His brothers told the policeman, Greacen of
the West looth street station that Binghom
had not been right in bis head for some tim
He went to a prizefleht on Saturday night,
they said, and that, they thought, had corn.
pletely upset him

{KT INTADES

POrRETY HOLION,

Through an Veetion at Whieh Mayor con-
nolly Purelbases a Cathedral and a Cow.

Atameeting of tie Cabinet of Pat Connolly,
the Mayor of Poverty Hollow, yosterday afte
noon, Connolly announced in the absence of

more important vusiness that he was becom.
Ing bterested in art
“Yas, bye he sad. “Lattinded ar

suetion,

  

 

yistiddy, phwer ould foine pietures
souid, an’ | bought twoot lem

“Phwat were they, Pat?’ asked Pat Coleman
ofthe herryinian’s Assoeiution

“Lan'seapes, by at SCADOS,

7 ye, ba said Connolly,
Vhwat were the titles av of

 

thin’? asked

Coleman
"Wan wus a cathedhral. and thorother a
cow,” replied Connolly “Phwen Depen ma new

office, O'UlL hung thim over me disk

Brooklyn U

The annual dinner of the Union League Club
of Brooklyn will be held on Lincoln's Birth.

day. Fek. 12. The specially invited gnests will
be Postgaster-Generai Charles Emory smith,

on League Dinner,

 

Corneligs N. Bl ss, Senator Nevada N. Stran-
Bhan andthe Key. Dr N. D. Hillis
¥ * VER ee ee My ~~

    

v

a ni ‘ i ' ai + -
OF RACE RIOT, |

| Tim Sullivan's Pall Too Moch for Fire or
THE |

 

how |

Approach |

good,

); couldn t siee

romisa to |

for negroes in the South the

suys that ff once the South

togo and, second, because the whites

| tee

| Weet winds,

  

 

 

—— a

FROST OF

 

THEATRE woon,

Building Laws.

business

Several men oot
street, between roadway and Seventh avenue

are going to take a descent on Mayor Van
ovk this morning and protest

Wyek atinsoo'e
pyainst the fashion in which the Hon, ‘Pinoths

“Dey Dollar’ Sullivan and his theatrical part-

ner, George J. Kraus, or some other Kraus are
Oo von

allowed by the Building Department
struct the Schley Muste Hall
headed by C.F, Wildes

in the city, The complainants say that

ing!
the ordinances regarding property rights

This is not the tlrst time that the Hon

 

concert hall in Fourteenth street into

alterations,

 

winked and sald that ther
winking While the building was going up,

The entrance for the new theatre
West Thirty-fourth street. The theatre propel
isat LOMand 11) West Thirty-third street,
hulldings that oeenpied the two last named
lote were fivesstory fat houses,
were bricked up and the floors were removed
andthusthe big auditorium was
tearin

 

the rear walls till they met. The property own-
erain West Thirty-fourth street declare that
the building laws were violated here
use of timber instead
and that consequently the fire insurance peo-
ple, who are not as unobserving as the build.
ing Inspectors can ba, will
inaurance on adjacent property,

However, they made no protest until last
Thursday, when Mr, Wildey saw the workmen
putting upa wooden skeleton of a building in
front of L12 West Thirty-fourth street.
Wasa brownstone-front private dwelling, and

occupies more ground than will be necessary

for the widthof the entrance to the theatre.

This
house line tothe stoop line, a distance of ff.

teen feat, and across the entire width of the
It reaches to the third floor of the
Mr. Wildey th ught that this was

house
Tuilding.

merely & temporary seaffolding. To his dis-

may he saw that floors were being put into this
frame structure and that it looked as tf it were

going to be made a permanent thing, with
rooms over the entrance,
aud found that his susplelons
founded ‘

Mr. Wildey declares that this butiding vio-
lates both the fire laws and the building laws
in that {tis beng built entirely of wood. He

were weil

also declares that the property rights of others

are eneroached upon by extending the build-
ing to the stoop line. He went to see tho
contractor ond learned that the Board of Al-
dermen on Tuesday last passed an ordinance
giving permission for the ereetion of
wooden additionand the contractor admitted,
itis said, that such an ordinance Was neces-
gary, as without it the Jaws wore being
violated

Then Mr, Wildey saw his neighbors.

the neighborhood, and that tney had better
make some protest about it.

the Aldermen to repeal the ordinance, but

fearing that such a petition would do little
it was decided that they. wonld make
ucallon Mayor Van Wyck and find out if he
It he has not, they

has signed the ordinance
will give him_reagons why he shou d not do so

If he has affixed his signature they will then
urge him to devise some measures for their

relief.

LETTER FOR BILL SMITH FROM LULU

It Went to the Tenderloin Station William

and It’s Lucky His Wife Didn't See It.

Policeman William Smith of the Tenderloin
station found a letter addressed to himin the
letter rack in the station house when he came
The letter
hore a Georgia post mark and its contents ran

in from his beat on Saturday night

like this:

My Owns Danuine Witttiam~How T long to be with
I think
about vou always and ['m waiting patiently for the
you alone
1 can't
write any more now Willam as me and ma are doing
Good by, may husband to be.

you. My darling sweetheart how Tlove you
make a one. T live for

day that will
n night and day

honey and dream of y

the tamily washing.

Teend youmillions of hugs and kisses. Your in
tended wite Let
P.8, I'll send you a longer letter to-morrow,
Len

Now Policeman Smith is married man and
this letter was a shock to him, He couldn't im-
He had a night off Sat-
score of |
yer pocket and went |

a word did he say

agine what it meant
urtay and after reading it
times he tucked it in an Tht

home to his family, Never
at home ahout the letter,

p. Much disturbed in
pearanee Smith showed up for

over a

He went to bed, but

       

haggard in a
work yesterday
he confided his trou blesto Roundsman Arneth
He showed th roundsman. the letter
asked him what he thought about it

“Well, it's addreased to you all right,” said
“Are you aure you didn’t

the roundsman
know Lulu before you left Ireland?”

*Nevera woman by that name did I know,
said the despondent Smith,
to show It to Bridget at home

“Well, Ldon't know what to think about it,” |
“Maybe that 137 West

said the roundsman, e th
Thirtieth street ia meant for 131

“Pitry that,” sald Smith, “maybe I've got a |

namesake on the block’

The blueeoat went to the big negrotenement
and knoeked atthe first door he came to, A

husky colored man opened the door and his
knees bogan to wabble when he saw the brass
buttons,
“Are you Bill Smith?
jam Smith, ;
‘Boss, [haven't done nuffin’,” said the negro,
“But are you Bill Smith?”

‘Lswear boss [haven't done a thing,” said

the negro

“Do you know a woman in Georgia named
Luin?’ asked the policeman,

‘Lulu, Lulu Warren?” queried the negro
"Why yes, bo-s, ahe’s my gal.”

“Thank heavens.” murmure! Smith, “Then
[ve gota letter meant for you. My name is

Hill Smith too, Here's letter and

Lulu to write
tim

your

Thanks, boss,thanks.” said the negro, “Did

you read it? ; os
“No,” sail the policeman, “I i
line and knew it wasn’t meant tor me,”

Dorman B, Baton Memorial Services,

Services in memory of the late Dorman B

Katon were held at Al! Souls’ Unitarian Chureh

yesterday afternoon, The Rey. Dr. Thomas i

Slicer, the pastor, introduced Charles Stewart

Smith, who spoke of Mr. Batons work
goniziow the Health Board and the
Dock departments. Carl Sehurz spoke of M
Raton as a civil serview reformer, and
Harsen Rhoa !es spoke of his services a8 atrus
of the church A
Union League Club was present.

Ih or

 
 

The Weather,
he low pressure and rai
Atlantic States on Saturday
over the ocean yesterda

    

revailed wene y over the country «a
}

Northwest and

 

where it was cloudy and threatening
another depression in that sect
is likely to last
li weather

f colder weather

weather Che tair weat! he refo

a day or two without ¢

There wasa

 

 

 

treme Northweat ve rlay, and it was slightly and
temporarth colder in the middle Atlantic and New
England States, but th ther districts tt was
eithe wartier ov tl change in tem perature was
eliaght. Brisk ¢ igh northwes winds prevailed on
the coa t Hart du the morning, dimin
Shing in the atternoon

Intl ty the day was farrand crisp: the Lum d-
it) Wee low, @reracin ! percent. w ' north
weet; average velocit it aul Yr. baronet
‘ eoto to read ty se ars AM I
P.M., 50.02

! femooratir: as i l he oMeial tl
neonate ind al TH t I att
strec tic owl t ‘ ved tabl

4 on :
! » ; }

vA. MS ” oP Mag mi
12M te ‘ P, M #2

iPM 4 12 Mid se ,

VASES Rhea en i uF

| New Fualane ndwa l eacdla
Ar, Vara " '

forea \ Vor’ frrtod ,

' ’ wing? "?

i * nechya Ma
Delawate a | 4
yarns '

borthe Distri Columbia ta iW }
Moderaie temperatum: winds ehiftine to sonthert

For weasters, New York, fatr to-day w warner
neast portion, high southwest winds: in reasing

cloudiness Tueswlay,

Dorwestern Pevnsylvanta and Ohio, fair to-day; in-
ihvtess Tuesday; briek south to south. |

ereashis

  

Thirty-fourth

They will be
the proprietor of the
Herald Square Hotel at 11 to 120 Weat Thirty
fourth street and several other cafés and hy re
the
bullding is going up in violation of the bailds
vs, the fre department regulations and

“Dry
Dollar” bas been accused of the same offence,

When he and his partner altered the old free
the

Dewey Theatre, THe SUN showed that wood
had been used in many places in the building
where the building laws demaniled the uae of
iron or steel, and the Building Department
after awhile forced “Dry Dollar’ to make some
When it was announced that the
sume firm was going to build the Sehley Music
Hall in Thirty-fourth street, the Knowing ones

» would be more
ia at lle
The
The windows
formed by

out the inner side that enclosed the
airshaft between the flata aud by extending

by the
teel in the alterations

raise the rates of

This

skeleton framework extends trom the

He made inauiries

this

They
agreed with him that such a flimsy structure
was dangerous tothe rest of the buildings in
First, Mr, Wilder
gotthem to sign their names toa petition to

mind and
At o'clock roll call last night

and

“sure I'm afraid
‘cause she'd
think I was lying when I tried to prove an

| sary for the bondsman is

asked Policeman Will-

| locked up in that

tell
the address plainer the next

read the first |

Fire and

Johu

delegation from the
| overpopular with

area Which covered the

movel northeastward
leaving fary weather,which
>in the
the upper Mississipp: Valley States,
There was
n, creating Warmer

in tho e@a-

 
 

FORTY INNOCENTS ABROAD.

UNMARRIED COPS FROM THE BRONN
1POOSKh IN ALEOSN STRERT

 

 

Thev're There to Find Viee and Have Been
Instencted How to Deal With H-Pollee
Master Stroke Tried by Inspector Crons,

Inspector Crosa sent word to the newspaper
reporters at Police Headquarters at 7 o'clock
lastnight that he desired to see then in his
These reporters found not only the
Inspector but Capt. Herlihy of the Fidridge
street station walting for them Inspector
Croas tried to look happy, but Herlihy made no
euch pretence The Tnspeetor cleared his
throat and then started in on along speech,

“There have been many allegations inthe
newspapers,” he said, “that the police, while
knowing of all manner of vice onthe East
Ride, have been taking no action, and, jf any-
thing, have been protecting the offenders, Now,
Ido not believe that any auch state of affairs
existe, but so great a howl has been made that
Ithink some attertion must be paidtoit, I
have had aconferencs with Chief Devery and
what Iam about to announce to you fs with
his consent and approval. Capt, Herlihy has
heen summoned here and has conferred with
me. To-night. forty will be sent
through the Eldridge street station preeiner
anda house to house canvass for vide will be
bevun, These policemen are all from The Bronx

nd cre unknown to the residents of the East
hide. They are all unmarried men as the
Doard does not approve of sending, married
men out to get lagal evidenceot vice. They have
been instructed for over an hour as to what
constitutes leval evidence and to-night: they
Will begin their work.

“Every woman who solicits one of these men
will he arrested, whether she does it on the
sidewalk, from the stoop, in the doorway, or
from the window of a house, We are especially
anxious to find out ifthe allegations that vice
@xists so plentifully in tenement houses are
correet, and in any case where we tind such
cases, we will not only arrest the women, but
we will proceed legally against the landlords
for having rented their premises knowingly to
persons of bad character. Lam frank to say
that Edo not anticipate that much will come
from this etfort. In the first nlaee bdo not be-
lieve the newspaper allegations and in the
second place f do not believe in these spas-
modie efforts. But something had to be done
to satisfy the people complaining and these
forty men will be Kept at this work as long as
it is necessary. Their number will be doubled
or trebled if necessary :

"When To was captain in the the Eldrilge
street station, Allen street was very clean of
viee! There were only two disorderly houses
thera that [heard of, and T raided them both
and bri themup. Itis only within the last
four years that the talk of Allen street being 40

room

policemen

 

fierce bas been extant. Several times the
houses have been raided, but the women
would only move to another street in the

neighborhood.’

Lhe forty detectives were divided into four
squads of ten men, each squad to work six
hours. One squad started to work at So'clock
Inat night and their work seemed to justify
the anticipations of Inspector Cross that pnoths
ing Would come of the demonstration, Upto

o'elock this morning the ten men had not
nade a singie arrest ;

lo be fairto them, it should be said that ip
some remarkable manner the news of the cru-
sade had spread through Allen street and
the customary sights on that street after
dark. were stranwely missing last night. It
could not, of course, have been Capt. Herlihy
who sent the word around, as he was with
Inspector Cross trom the time the forty inno-
cents from The Bronx arrived until thei
work Was actually begun

 
 

“RBOB' NELSON SPEAKS HIS MIND,

Talks as if Chief Devery and He Are Out
Says the Police Must Take Hits Bond.

One ofthe morning newspapers printed an
alleged statement from Chief Devery yester-
day moruing tothe effect that in the future
‘Bob” Nelson would not be accepted at the
city police stations as a bondsman
women who had been arrested for streets
walking and other misdemeanors, This was
taken toindicate that there bad been an open
rupture between these two old-time friends
Chief Devery would not say yesterday whether
the interview was authentic or not, but Nelson
seemed to take it as being 80, for he was
thoroughly angry when he was seen last night

“Have Lanything tosay’” he repeated, after
the reporter had asked the usual question,
“Well, I should say Ihave. I don't see how
Chief Devery could ever have said that my
bond wonld not be accepted at the stations
As u matter of fact, my bond has to be
accepted whenever Loffer t. 1 ean show the
deeds to my property and | am a man of stand-
ingin the community. The police, better than
any one else, know what my fnancial standing
is, and that is all thar

“When Sheehan and Chapman were eaptatns
at the Tenderloin station, I went on more
bonds than Lever did while Price was a eap-
tain there or since Thoinas has come, Some

times [ was on as many as thirty bondsa
night, but I was never pounded nor were the
captains,

o qualify as a bondsman for a prisoner
charged wiih a misdemeanor, all that is necer-
to show deeds to
enough real estate to cover the amount of the
bonds ana have bimself identified as the right

for

is necessary

party. The police of the Tenderloin ata-
ton know that [| have th real estate
They have seen the deeds They

know me personally and they also know that
my property is more than sufieent to cover
any forfeiture that might ensue if the prisoner
jumped his oor her. bail. When they
Know this, it is not necessary for
me to take my deeds to the station every night,
If they Want me todo that, however, I guess I
ean doit, and then ] wantto see them refuse
to take me as 4 bondsman

‘If the police do refuse, thay will be doing
wrong and if necessary [will go to the courts to
protect my rights and fores them totake my bail,
j am doing nothing illegal and Chief Devery
aud no other man ear When [ see
fit to offer myself asa bondsman for a person
or any other station for a
misdemeanor I'll do soand they can't keep me
from it

“Edon't want to antagonize the police, and,
personally, | haye alwaya tried to be f ‘iy
with them. Wt during Capt. Price's time,
women who were locked up would send ‘or me

fop me
stop me

   
 
 

togoon their bonds, and if Capt. Price told mea
that he had a reason for not. wanting
them bailed out, | always refused to bat! them
out and let them stay there all night
I bave had no row with Devery. and
sO far ta am  eoneerned, um as
friendly with bim as Lever was. There is

; no reason why he shonld not be as friendly

with me as heever was, too. That's all I've
got tosay.”

Persons conversant with Tenderloin affairs

| say that if this is nota bluff to make the people

and the Magistrates think that the pollee are
not trying to help Nelson make moneys
out oof dissolute women, bv arresting
them that he can go on thelr bonds
there are likely to be lively times in the
Penderioin, Nelson, should he take the mat-
ter to the courts, would not make himself
; the police, They point
Nelson is the reputed backer of
Roval Garden in West) Thirty-elehth
street, the Tivoli in West Thirty-ffth_ street
ind a negro gambling club in West Thirty-
flrat street, well as several other more
questionable resorta an! some saloons, The
police might not beso near-sighte | as to what
goes on in these places dfan open rupture
should break the friendship that has alwavs
existed between the reohtef and Nelson

 

that

 

GEORGE WH PYRE WAS MOERDERED,

Body of (he Missing Wealthy Man of Chester,
Pa.. Pound tn a YWareh,

PHiLADELVHIA, Jap. 21.—The hody of George

 

 

 

  

     

B Fyr) of Chester, who disappeared three
weeks ngo, was found this afternoon by John
Carney on the marsh of Kaceoon Creek oppo-
site Chester, He had been murdered. Thera
were two bullet wounds in his head, the skull
was crushed, and the hands and feot wore tied,
The body had evidentiy been under the water
for some time with welghts attached to it
Fyre has been mises sin Dee, BO On
thatday he putoo hs eunning suit, and teld
nals that? Vee Bo the Delaware to
‘Ke, He hel not been soon sines,
pearance excited A pPreatdoal of ine
he Was rich and populag The
ry aL I by tO), nd rewards
ne i ' bt Hepa the dis.
“ove Lb OV An evider that would
lead to de secovery of the murderer, The rived
near Chester wes dragged and divers were
sent down
the fact. that fy Which Evra started
oullnot bef el ThG0Y fo Suppo that
hetiad ! bay ane beon lost there
bb ‘ stint Ryres
\ it Nad been in’ the
bheathou ' itor | Wperred
i uerkin eral reviient
nd Jam Jib sere i Who troequentiy
w gunning with yr Mh Jecording
to several people, vas With Byreon the day he
Wont gupnit Was arrested: and required
to furuisih Sod bail for eourt charged with

larceny of the «kif,

No attempt was male at the time to connect
him with Lyre cisappearance. Eyre's body
t. Panisboro late to-night. His
liamot ing, wold wateh and money
had beet swe

 
   

THE SUN, MONDAY, JANUARY

—_————

 

| reporter

 

 

——-———- =

CROWD HEARS DR, BABCOCK,

New Brick Church Pastor in Litthe Whirt-
winds Preaches Faith,

The Rev. Maltbie D, Babeoek, the new pastor-
elect, preached for the second time yesterday
morning at the Brick Presbyterian Church at
Thirty-seventh atrect and Fifth avenue ton
congregation so large that there were not seats
enough in the church for all, Probably no per-
aon who heard tho sermon yesterday could
have told afterward without looking at his
watch whether the sermon was long or short.
Dr. Babcock preached in little whirtwinds.
There was no closely connected logical con-
struction to his sermon, but instead he took up
one thought after another, wound it up ina

 

| whirl of apt words and sent it spinning at the

congregation. His text was, "Verily, verily, I
say unto you,” and the purpose of the sermon
Was to demonstrate that as Christ's word was
accepted because He declared it to be true, 80
men should accept the faith which underlies a
Christian life and live the life,

“There is too much circumflexion in

the world,” he exclaimed, “and not
enough of positiveneas. Accept the fact
and never mind the Intellectuality of it.
Kelence is but a vocabulary, and although the
facts regarding it are known, no one knows
the reasons, What can Edison tell you of the
chavacter of electricity? Nothing! Yet he
uses it,

“T have a_body. Scientists tell mo To am
fillad with Latin terme, that I have a me-
Gulla oblongata, a solar plexus, a vermiform
appendix! Thave no use lor these names and
JT want to know nothing of al! of these things,
for that wesbould have no knowledges that we
have orguna is one of the conditions of health,

“Lwantto use this body. Feed itand keep it
at work. I put bread into my mouth, It be-
comes chyme and chyle-they sound like Ger
mAnD professors

“But some men will tell me bread isnot good
forme. But I will answer bread may not be
good for you, but it is good for me, I know!”

In broken passages like these he led the con-
gregation, until suddenly he exclaimed: "What
we need is men who live lives of certainty!
Women lives of belief!" Then leaning far for-
ward and grasping the point of his readin
desk with both hands, Dr, Babcock exclaimer
earnesily: “Will any of you live this life for
one week?’ Then he desertbed what the life
should be, beginning each oer we err
and promise and Khaping every act of the day
in conformity with the Christian spirit, “Will
any of you live this life for one day?” he eried
finally

FIVIY YVEANS A PASTOR,
Celebration in the Old South Third Street
Presbyterian Church, Williamsburg,

The congregation of the South Third Street
Presbyterian Churehin Willlamebure yester-
day began a celebration of the golden anuivers
gary of the Rav. Dr. Johu D. Wells's pastorate
of that church. The Rey, Dr. Wells, who is
more than 80 years old, took charge of the
church society on the first Sunday in January,
1850, and two weeks later he was Installed,
The church was decorated yesterday with
greens, Onthe pulpit were palms aod ferns
At the morning service the Rev. New.
ell Woolsey Wells, son of ‘he_ pastor,
who is also his assistant, preached, taking
for his subject his father’s mat y vears of ser-
vice. The Rev. Mr. Wells referred to his father’s
coming to Williamsburg when it was onlva vil-
lage and the trials and tribulations of achareh
Congregation in those davs, The preacher re-
ferred to his father’s work for half a century,
during which tine new churches sprang into
ex stenee from the mother church and @ large
city had been built up ;

In the afternoon there was @ union commun.
jon service, participated in by the Throop
Avenue Presbyterian, Noble Street Praabyter-
jan, Ainslie Street Presbyterian and the Ross
street Presbyterian churches

There will be a congregational celebration
on Wednesday night and a public reception in
the church to the Rev, Dr. Weils on Thursday
night

 

 

FOUR PER CENT, TO THE CHURCH,

 

Vestrymen’s Estimate of What Well-to-do
Churehgoers Should Pay,

The wardens and vastrymen of the Protestant
Episcopal Church of the Redeemer, West 130th
street, near Lenox avenue, have issued an
appeal to the members of the congregation to
be more liberal! in their donations to the
parish,

“At the present time,” the address saya, “the

income is not suMciontto carry on the work as
it should be carried on, There area very small
bumber of persons who are contributing the
major part of the total income. Ten persons
give aboutone-thirdoftiistotal. * * * There
is room in the church for those who are too
poor to pay anything, and all are welcome, rich
or poor, but the vestry does not think that

those who bave a comfortable and assured
income should shift the burden they ought to
bear, * * The vestry believe that tn gen-

 
 
 

eral achurch is enti {1 to at least 4 per cent
of every man's expenditures, and they hope
that every member of the parish will consiies
this matter fairly and make regular contribu.

} tions, thr a pew rentals and pleiges,in pro-

portion to their ablity and as they honestly
think is their duty.”

The address is signed for the wardens and
vestrymen by Lawson Purdy, clerk,

TO NON-CATHLOLICS,

WISSION

Paulist Fathers Begin Their Annual Meet-
ings—Subjects for This Week.

The Paulist Fathers opened their annual
mission for non-Catholies Inst night in their
church at Fifty-ninth street and Columbus
avenue, There was a large attendance. Father
lioyle was the speaker, His subject was “The
‘Trath That Frees” The meetings will be con-
tinued every night thie week except Saturday
night, and Catholics will not be admitted un-
Jess they are accompanied by some person who
is not of that religion: The speakers and
toples for the other meetings this week are as
follows: To-night, Father Handiey on “Koow!-
cdge of God the Father; to-morrow night,
Vather Doyle on “Bonds to Be Broken: Wed-
neaday night. Father Handley on. ‘‘Love for
Christ, the Son Thursday _ night, fathor
Doyle on “The Union to Ba Made; Friday
nikht, Father Handley on the “Sanetity of the
Holy Ghost,”

 

S WIFE WORRIED,

 

ENGLISHMA}

 

Her Husband Disappeared After Reading
His Mail on Their Arrival Here.

Walter R. Laldler, who disappeared from
Smith & MeNell'’s Hotel last Wednesday, on
arriving from Fngland with his wife, and dis-
appeared the sume night, has not yet been

heard from. His wife is beginning to be

esnoeey worried about him, but has not yet
him to the polices as missing

aidier, after having spent three years In

| thiscountry, returned to England recentiy to

bring his wife over, He sald he had ea-
tablished himselfin California and was mak-
ing o good income. On return ng with his
wife, Luidler received a large package of let-
ters at the General Poat Office hereon his ar-
rival, Some of them were evidently written by
& Woman, and be scemed nervous as he read
them. He went out, saying he would attend to
the baggage, Just after tending the letters, and
didnot returo. Mra, Laidler has been stayin
at Greonville, Jersey City, with an employee o
the hotel since her husband vanished,

BIG CROP OF TENDERLOIN LOTTERERS,

Haul of Male Mendicants and Female
Thieves Fills Jefier4on Market Court,

Female thieves from the Tenderloin and men
arrested for begging occupied all the room
available for prisoners in the Jefferson Mar-

ket police court yesterday morning. Six of the
beggers were sent awny fora month by Magis-
trate Hogan and eleven of the women were
held for eXaminatior The rest, against whom
the oniy charge was that of soliciting, were
fined $10 eaen

Princeton's Plans for Baseball,
PRINCETON, Jan, 21. -Capt.
brand of the Princeton ‘Varsity
announced that

Arthur ITile-
baseball team

to-night Jerome Bradley,

whocaptained the 07 ehamplonship tenm, |

   

  

 

has consented to actas heal coaeh thes vear,
liradiey will notenter upon his duties until
Mav. The inanug ment has enwaget Wale
inom Cark, cateher n the Hoston League
Team, tO OVerSser the vs kof th ayers dure |
iu the preliminary seoson in theeage. The!
vandidates for lle Coam will not be called out
until) Feb) 22. Maniaser Clonev, when que
tioned io regan! to the report thar only one
game has been arranged with Harvard for

Hext season instead of te usual series of three,
would say nothing further than thatno definite
Arran wenied | nade, but he hoped

shad beer
to have the schetule completed Ina few days
bemtoning of

!

 

Phe customary trip South at the
the s@ason hits Ny rran@ed ior, at
the clubs regularly played oy Privesto
have hes Neditied with the
Baltimore Leas ame

   

rosie s

 

» Haines
Poston and

Vale Professor's Monee fT

 

roed Partly.

 

Vew Haves, Conn, dan. 21. -The new home,
aluiost completed, for Prof, Bonjamin W. Bae
con, professor of New Testament eriticiam and
interpretation {n Yale University, was dam-

ed to the extent of 82.500 to-day by fire,
for. Bacon expected to move into it soon, and
stoves had been piaced inthe buliding to warm
it. Those stoves sorted the. blaze that for @
time threatened the whole bullding

lls ests SSS SSS SSS Ss SSS
=

22, 1900.

  
 

   

  

ABOUT

PURTHB : REVISIONS NEODED IN
THE METROPOLITAN DHS. RECT,

Action on the Matter Expected oat the
Meeting on Peb. 1-The Winning
in Open Competitions of the Locwl Seu
son- WH Varden Be Beaton in bloridar

|

With eleven wore clubs to be aided to the
mem bership list at its annual meeting on Feb
1, the work of handicapping the players of the
M.G. A., wil be even harder than it was last
Bring, vhen, through the ald of the elub
secretaries, the frst list was made up by the
MG. A. Committes. The compilation prove |
to be & sound one, and, so far as the leading
players went, it was a fair one. To baudioap
the outsiders—the Clauss Bmen-is usually the
hardest task at w tournament, but the com
mittee did not have its work upset by the play
of this division to any extent. One or two
instances developed of men who had been
litt!e thought of returning record gross sores,
but if sifted down it will be found that the
result was due to the improvement on form
with the progress of the season and that such
things might be checked by a revision of the
handicap list each month, There was no in-
tentional wrong-doing on the part of the con-
fostant It remains a however
whether a player ts justified in starting under
fo Moi. A. rating that he know. i
On his actual form, that is, when the wating isto
longer in accord with the more severe handi+
Cap imposed at the player's home ub. On the
tur!, to get a horse well in at the handleap
Weights is considered fair, but a different eode
of ethics shuuld prevail in golf. If asystem
could be devised under which the secretaries
ofthe M.G. A. clubs must keep the general

committee posted at frequent intervals of all
changes, it would be an easy matter to bring
outa new general list once a month, on the
plan followed by the Polo Association, ana such
@ list would then be as near periection as such
things may he

herever New Yorkers played last season
their M.G. A. rating determined thetr place in
the open handicaps, and, in many cases, the rat-
ing of a player well known in the outside club
Was taken asthe basia ofthe hand cap. The lat-
tor was of nat.onal as well as of local import
€nce and value, Should the other subsidiary
golfing unionsinthe Ul 8 G A. imitate the
actionofthea M. G. A. andtry tomaintaina
@eorral handicap of their players it Would bea
good thing forthe game, The around to be
covered makes it {mpossible to compile a gens
eral national handicap list, but this is jot nee-
essary if the minor assoe ations will keep thes
books posted uptodate, All tho handicaps of
the M. G. A. season were deeided on the rat-
ings of the committee, except the January
event. The followtng summary shows the few
Inatances when the general list fuilel to work
well and the times, asin the last hindicap at
Lakewood, when the ratings brought out an
ideal “head-and-head” finish,

Sscules

question,

excessive

 

 

 

  

    
  

   
 

    

        
 

a ‘
“ x £7
n4 tos ee
. ae < =:
. % -% @ _ 2
6 > cg *
ye e bore
: tm 3 c .s
- i Bi Sunk
: ue 7 “Bey 2
~«s See, , sua %
- e B3 > is = of
Se cut 7 eee
Sé SSS aoss*s ‘s
& BPRee e@isvg
+ SNE peace” §&
; . 4o ; |
s Zev aR kaa tee a
- '9@ -
! (Pi-9 22
tl 128 af
. 6, tx
<4 F Meal
_" e922
o9 8 S25 F eS Lei
,7 3 ¢ ae
G.8 28éuys. ef
eS = seStasz a
= Sekct sfc :
Ss e BS ; as ‘
22 Fag aebretrssiis z
e235 dee is” ¢*
BG Bas eae Ose 5.7 5
4 Pe Bas Ese st Se
et & atest wees ‘ 3
Some Me Toe ee Se el re mee oe
é
@
a s
g; 3
6:9 >
m2 te
e;™ 2
z G8 a “i “
$< x Cc « :
of 88 ba = :
Bet 5S fe of °
gera CBB = : .
S@atdass :
~e@ - fF a
eS ATR Be Su ©
ontaez e é
fem, ee 4 oe
sbERG DE 2
a2aaQe
=a <4< 25 a

Vardon may not have evervthing bis own way
in Florida, forthe links there are so diferent
from those he has played on that any change
is possible iu his game, aside from the climatic
erences which always affeet a golfer on
his urrival in thiscountry. Clay putting wreens
are quite variable, like maurble under the hot
sun, and holding the bail like flypaper when
wet; while a number of the Florida fair
greens, according to one amateur, are a eross
between a palm garden and a sand tar, so that
ify on rises auperlor to these conditions he
isindeetaehumplon, There are some of hia
kin down thers who know the rones and w
be awaitin Che stranger in t strange ‘ant
The Masnolia Springs links is one of the beat,
and to-day the firat professional rournament of
the season will begin there. Unless a@ spell of
blizzurdy weather should be on Vardon wound
receive @ better chance to show his game at
Lakewood or Atlantic City

 

 

 

 

Syracuse University Will Be Kepresented
in the Poughkeepsie Regatta.

A meeting of the Board of Stewards of the
Aweriean Intercollegiate Rowing Agsociation
took place here on Saturday. It was attended
by Thomas W. Reath, University of Penneyl-
vania; Frederick W. Colson, Cornel); F.S.
Bangs, Columbia, and M. smith of Syracuse
University.
tution for membership was favorably
upon. Syracus@ will be reprasensed at
Poughkeepsie regatta by & varsity eight
for the first time. The stewards made all
arrangements for the. regatta, wh ch is to oo-
curthe latter part of June or the first of July,
the exact date to be decided upon later, Tt was
further decided that the course should be the
same fs last year, and notin the middie of the
stream, fs several of the coaches propose!
Cornell announced her deelsion to baye a four.
mile course surveyed just above the intereo!-
leginte course, to be used for practice
Columbia eonsented to eend her second crew
to the regatta, which will be held at Phila-
delphiaon May 80, The erewa to be repre.
sented in this race will be those from Uni.
versity of Pannsylvania, Cornel!, Columbia and
the Harvard Weld crew

noted
the

 

Hockey.

The record of the clube
Leagvie tournament follows

 

in the Aniate Hock

Bt, Nicholas 8
Creacent ALCL 0 1.000
Hockey Club 2 2 f00

0 1,000 NewYork ACO 7
frookiyn 8. Cou
Nava! Maiitia.o ow

 

 

COLE HANDICAPS,

) letterhead paper

1 The vourse

The application of the latter insti- |

 

THE SIDEWALK.

 

Letter From a Matrimonial Agent in a
Voung Man's Pocket,

Poleoman Skelly of the West 125th street
station found a cead man on the sidewalk at
ith «treet and Pighth avenne at 2 BO o'elook
yestorday morning, The body was carefully

examined atthe West L25th etreet police sta-
thon, but there was no indfeation that the man

had died of other than natural canses, In bis
| wkets Were papers addeeseed to “I M
uckey, Hotel Cecil, Diath atreet: and St

Nicholas avenue,” but there it was eald that no
such persouwas knowns, With the papers was
# sail memorndim book With these instruc.
tions written nerose the fly-leaf: “In case of
toeidentor death hive my body embalmed and
notify my sister, Mes. George ©. Lawson, New
Hamburg. N.Y." There was vo signs ture

Nheman wasehout Oo yeare old, and 4 fect
10 inches tall Tle bad dark hatr and mus-
tarhe. He wore a tisck entaway coat and
Wilsteoat, Dlack trousers, blue outing sbirt,
derby hat and black Isced shoes,

Among the papers found in the man’s pock-
ets } as aclipping from achureh paper which
read:

  

 

ANTHEM
the day is ended, ere Laink to sleep
My weary epirt seeks repose in Thine
Father forgive ing treaparses, and keep
Ths little hfe of mine
There was also a typewritten letter on the
of the Private Matrimonial
Nixtieth street, which was
The letter, whieh was

  

 

138
Mes

nat
Lrlich,

Cub at
Sigted

dated Dee LO. is, in part, as follows:

impresse| fy your letter an!
you in direet corresp idence

ban very in ’
should like to piace

 

 

 

With the lady referred to, @ full deseripton of
j; whom wisi wiven you verbally free of
charge, or by mail on receipt of 20 cents
to cover cost of postage, stationers, Av. Trust ne

   

you will do ome the ho to call on meat your
very variiest convenience, when Lean convinee you
ofthe advantages to be derived,

There wore several letters showing that the
dead man had made application for employ-
ment in hotels in various places

HIS OF T-VANISHING

Weighs 250 Pounds and Scems to Have the
Receipt of Fern Seed.

Sunday nights Sergt. Daly of the Tenderloin
station spends most of his time training his
whiskers the way in which he thinks they
should go. Last night this peasant ceeupa-
tion woe tntercupted, A nervous man walked
in, Jeaned overthe rail in a confidential atti
tude and said

“Captain, wil you help me get a divorcee?"

“Who are you?” asked Daty, walking up,
“and what do you want?”

"My wife Hannah is gone,” said the man

“And you want hertoe@ome back?” asked the

Sergeant, languldly,
liun't saves said the man

 

 

Wier,

“T want to

know where she has gone. This {ts the
thirty-eixth time she has disappeared alice
We Wore married soven years ago, mare
ried her against my will beeanse of the

peculiar hypnotic influence ahe has over me
She weighs 240 pounds When she tells me I

 

 

 
 

must doathing woy Ll must do it; that fs all |
thereistoit She went away two daysagoand
hi h sback [want to know where |
ge has been LT want to break the psychic
hifftuence over me which she has even when we
fre separited

“Allright, said the sergeant, and the man
with t} moressive, but absent wife, wont
away much peiieved

PORWITORIFS FOR COLUMBIA,

Pennsylvania and Harvard Furnish Patterns
for Morningside Heights.
Dormitories for Columbia University
pow practically assured, The promotors of
the Morningside Realty Company, organized
for the purpose of erecting a ten-story dormi-
tory opposite the untversity campus on 118th
tanned offetal sanction from the

‘ '
reef,

Columbia trustees, and will soon break ground

forthe new building. It will be constructed on

   

the f vaston Clubofthe University
loft Pe lvanin and managed like the private
dormitoriesat Harvard A special wing will
beset apart for the college fraterntiies and

there will bslounving and reading :ooma, with
r} and pooltables for the atudenta

The dining room willaccommodate
275 men, Tobaeeo will be sold, but spiritnous
liguors are barred by a faculty order, Appilea-
tu we Toe rooms Will be recetved from Ray l
onware

 

in general,
Le

SS

 

 

CROSS CUUNTRY RUNNING,
Trait Pollowers ¢ Long Island Have a
Lively Day.

Yesterday's fine weather brought out the

cross country runners in force on nearly all
the localtrails. The National A. C. held a run
from its heutquarters at Maspeth. Rutherford
© Wills was the first tn, followed by Anthony
Jo MoKeever, James D MeCuteheon, H. Kroner,
Witham W. Wynne and Frederick Hrundy,

ig about seven miles rong and
the time was 41 minutes ze aeconds, James
1 Peters won the run of the Hamilton A, ¢

 

 

fr south Brooklyn yesterday morning, The
ceourse Was about seven miles long. John J

»)] O'Brien was aecond, William) HW. Tompkins
thud, Suan t Meyers fourth, Jonn Hart fifth,

hdwin Stomesixth, Time, 50 minutes,

Jfremane Forbes won the run of the Sea
View Hurriers at. Bay Lidge vesterday, with
WF. Horn seeond and D. Rhodes third. The
Usual eight-mile course was travelled. Time,
OS minutes, 1) seeonds. Joseph Fagin wou
the run of the St. Peter's Catholic Library
Association in South Brooklyn yesterday, The
Course Was over six miles. Willlam O'Neill
was seeond and John Carmody third. Time,
41 minutes. The members of the Hrookiyn
\. © ron from the elub grounds at Maspeth
overasix-mie coarse. Thomas IF Frazer was
first home, William F, Classen second, Frank
Veres third, §. Veres fourth, and Hl

 

 

hith Time, 46 ininutes, 28 seeonds
Jonn  @ Noble won the Glendale
Harriers run yesterday morning from
the elubhouse at Glendale Park John

Keene wus secon! followed by Peter Symone,
Piward Ernst, Thomas Hogan, John Larra-
hee, George Willlamsou, George Fritsehmann
and Richard Deegan. Time, 49 minutes, 2
seconds

‘There was a good turnout at the Atiantie A.
C run yesterday afternoon from Ridgewood
Park. The course was about six milea jong
Thomas Short of the Evergreen A, C. was firat
tn, followed by James A, Gladwin, John F,
Turner, Willliam Hoople, Davia Lawson,
‘Thomas Lawrence, Eugene French, Samuel
Bender, William Schlotre and August Heakle
Time, 48 minutes, 17 seconda,

W.G. Hussey ofthe Star A_C., won the fast
time and first pelves vesterday in the junior

hatopionship run of that organization. He
cave the former trophy to the second man,
and thus all down the line each man got a
Prizeupto the seventh man. Tho start and

iinish were at the club grounds, the course
being about six miles tong. The order of finish
was

W.G. Thissey, S800; TOF

Rafferty, 8¢:10. Will

 

um oP, Roettger, testo; Fo Hampton, saiin: W
Huge. 871007, Donoghne. 47-20. 0.0. White, 87-40
W. Hed, 87.40.40, Wolliwan, $7.50; AJJ, Leva, a8:00

The senior rinners also went over the anme
trail The order of {nish was

1. MeCabe, L. Roettger, J. Donoghue, Owen
Reiley, E. Cuyler, av of the Stars; O. Gun-
derson, Greenpoint Y. MC. AY; ‘eidner,
Grace Chapel A. Av: C. Bradey, Xavier A. AL:
James Maior, Xavier A : Robert

_Aay W. Ken-
nedy, Star AOC. ‘Pime, 35 minutes 40 seconds

 

 

  

 

Lirst of the Get of Ben Brash.

Liexrxaros, Jan. 21.—Major FP. A. Dangerfleld,
superintendent of James R, Keene's Caselton
Stud, reports the first foal of the year at that
place an lalso the first of the wet of its sire, It
isa bayidilly with astar and no other marks,

wled Jan. Lio by the great recehorse Ben
Brush, out of Maid of Dorset, by Duteh Skater
fuip Matdot Dorset is the dam of Glenwood,
Unbeaten os atwo-yonr-oldin Bogland and in.
verte forthe Palish Derby at three. It was
teenwoots performances, ae well as the «ne
perl breeding of Matot Dorset, that induced
‘ir, Keene to bring this mare to Ameries ata
big cost

 

 

 

The Card for New Orleans To-day,

NEW ORLFANS, Jai, 21,—The programme of

 

 

the Craseent City Jockey Club races to-morrow
ae Ws
tte it forlongs ling -Mavelors !
L ¥ Pivate, Pot: Govto sobe Paine wud
hu {ae and iby tecorge. 0, Touat M
he l ‘
! ‘ s 4th © half furlonie-Stdne
Alon, Oi4. Mogi Light, 200. Prob
a le tw ftemea. doo, Con
he Moi
ue ‘ , ali ewh Liitigt Our
vik boy t bre Frau ft ’ 1 ?
Clava Meader toh Pk wood. we Ba Ficus
Wik akow A ’ ‘ th Rion ayke Queer
Race- me wile aha bomponeation

 

vw Memphis, boo, Wol
1} stratwest, bos

   

 

 

> Taser ete at

tbaha mus fh. George WM. Cay i464

Ra seven farhongs The Barlingion Iv ute

ts bight Belle Be Wart and t

’ a oe. Leila lus
. iia Six fi ‘iwe palling: dina teore Wi, |
th) stent Prnve too J Manlim, Oratic.

ys rahe an! Stives Sct or

serestet Metovern Bout On,

i . 3 gierty, whounte Saturdavatten ied
Jou Bernstetn’s bosness inthe ving
nan and called off Joe's mateh
with berry MeGovern, which was to have bean
deswied at the Broadway A.C. on March vz
Dougierty says "hat Bernstein will not train
conscientiously He declares that Joe did not
do any work for his hont with Kid Broad, It is
quite possivie (hat Broad may be substituted
ty meet MeGovern on March 22,

bas his

   

 

are.

| AUCTION

Willams |

Sale positive and without rese
Store, 147 Finton Mireet, at 12

 

 

 

  

Hardly necessary to remind
you that the January thaw has
been with us What you may
not know is that sone of our
fancy sack suit prices have also
been doing a little thawing,

415 now gives a choice from
some 1200) snits—values that
ought to thaw your heart

Rogers Prer & Co,

890 Beoatway, cor, boonard
fey Brow demy cor Peano
Thirtyesecead and WV oadwas

VOLINEUN'S DEPENCE,

Should Open ina Day or Two Untess New

Delays Arise,
Rolind Bo Molineux had no eallers in the
Tombs vester tay. The murder trial will be

resumed to-day, and, according to the assure
aneas of Ass stant Disrriet Attorney Osborne,
the testinnony forthe pro-veeution willad bet
to-day~or near. Toe dejence has announeed
that itis realy to proceed,

 

 

Business Joticrs.

fov nervens and
cecusls Anvostura Bitters
linporte tfrom South America

mee ne on:

orwrp.

BALDWIN. —At Newark, NJ
1), Wee STM Baldwin, in hie 77th sear
Relitives aod frends ave invited to attend tne
vneral sery ces at Dis late residence, 877 dutoa
av. on Wednesday, Jan. 24, 1000, at 2 PLM
COWES. Ov Sunday, Jan 21, 1900, Maria 8.
Meeker, wife of Wiilian Com
Foneral serviecs at her late residence, 55 Weat
1OSth st, Tuesday evening at S o'clock, Inter
ment at Greenwood at convenience of family,
Nockland county, N.Y, and New Haven, Conn,
Pepers please copy
DAVISON,

dyapeptia

ny he

 

 

 

on Saturday, Jan,

On Friday morning, Jan, la, Teo, at

the Hotel Bon Air, Augneta, Ga, Oharles A
Davison of New York cit’), inthe 7éth year of his
aye

Funeral services at the University Place Prosby-
tertan Church, University Place and loth et, oa
fuosday afternoon, Jan, 24, 1H, at 40’elock,

JAMES. —On Friday, Jan, 14. 1900, at the Hotel
Margaret, Brooklyn, Harriet 1. Jawes, wife of
Jobu S James and daughter of Harriet A. and
the late Ira A. Kimball,

Funeral on Monday afternoon, Jan, 22, 100, até
o'clock, at the Firat Presbyterian Chureh, Henry
st, Brookivn, Interment private

NORTON,-On Saturday, Jan, 20, 100, Btella
Keudries, younger dauglter of Nathaniel and
hinmas. N mm

Fun ral services, 284 Macon etreet, Brooklyn, on
Monday, 22d inst.at 22 M

PYLE. -On Saturday, Jan. 20, 1900, James Pyla,
inthe 77th year of hisaje

Funeral aervices Monday, 22d inet, at 2 o'clock,
at the Central Baptist Chureh, 42d at. be
tween Tthand th avs. It iskindly re juested
that no flowers be sent

 

  
 

CYPRESS HILLS CEMETERY,
Office, 1 Madison av., corner 24d et., N. ¥.

 

 

Rew Publications.

\ 'RITINGS of Voltaive, Rousseau, Buckle. Draper,
Humboldt, Catalogues free. PRATT, 161 6thar,

 

Auction Notices.

AAR AR Ae

Knickerbocker

8 WEST

ROOMS, 28TH ST,

 

C E SMITH - - - AUCTIONEER
NOW ON EXHIBITION,
BOTH GALLERIES,

GRAND USXSURPASSED. HISTORICAL BALE OF
THE INCOML \RABLE COLLECTION UF

GENUINE
ANTIQUES, FURNITURE, &C.,

PORMED BY THE

 

Hon. John Eager Howard,

of Revolutionary Fame,

Governor of Maryiand l7aw) US. Senator 1704
Removed from the Old Homestead at
Claremont, Calverton Heights,
near Baltimore, Md,

‘OMPRISING

MANY QUAINT AN INTERESTING SPECIMENS

in Antique Mahogany of the Colontal
and Chippendale

 

 

Periods, High and Low Bove, 8 deboarts, Cellar:
ettes, Sdle Tabes, Worse Tables, Dressing and Toiiet
Tales, Book Cases re ‘Tosets, ital) setttes,

Wardrobes, Cover Cars: any number of odd Chip
pendale Chairs, Chests &

TWO CARVED HiGi POS? BEDSTRADS
HALL, MANTEL AND CHINA CLOCKS.

The Dining Koom Vable and China
used by Gen. George Washington,
The Bedstead ased by Gen Lafayette.
ANTIQUE GOLD WATCH USED BY
HON JOHN PAGEE HOWARD,

NAM. MINIATURE VAINTL G@ OF

GEN. LARAYETT.. bY TROMBULL,
A KENOWStD COLLECIION Of

Old Blue and White,

including Dr Syntaa panting ‘Pp rtpait and return:
tow from dite tour, auti-eslavery afacette lanuing at
Castle Garden, Kiode Island Arts, O tagon Cour b,

 

Fatrinont Park, MeDononub’s Victory, Erie Canal,
Buffalo ON. Yo Almahouse, City Hall, we., &e

OLD LOWRSTORT, CAPO DI MONTE, SPODE,
STAPPOKDS th. «

 

A NUMBER OF MIRRORS OF REVOLUTIONARY

TIMPs COLL RCTION OF RARE BRONZES, COP-
PERM ¢ Base WaAkk EWITER PLATE, STERLING
SILVER CURIOS. POTL BITES,

RICH CRIMSON DRAPER RS AND HANGINGS,
Gemsofthe Orentin Anthiue tug

Library of Rare Books
Old Engravings,

 

PRINT ARMS. ANDI! NS FENDENS A sl
cithe Ai HON Ob COLONIAL LAMPS AND
Antique Paintings, including Pore
traits of Renowned Personages,
$ISO THE PAINTED PORCH CHAIRS, SETTLES,
Unquestionably thea mest
INTERES ' ING DISPLAY OF GENUINE
ANTI t- ToS Or eRe THIS SRASON
lilusteated catalogue on application,

AT ABSOLUTE SALE

Wednesday, January 24, and
Three Following Afternoons,

Al TWO OCLOCK PROMPT

BOOKS! BOOKS! BUOKS!

An eU tion sale of Boose contained in the book
atere ac 23 UNION SQL ANRE, will be held this
afternoon at 3 and at & oeloeek uenivht The
stock comprises dia Britauulies in

 

  

tue Eneyek

 

 

     
 
 

sheep binting, the work« of Browntug, Kiplin

Dickens, Bisot. Hugo Carlist>, Shakes) re, Byron,

Moore tomether with Oxford and Bayater
*, Atlases of art an Ltravel, aad

  

of other publications, allin meh oind nga.

F fole at branv&
clock sharp,
JAMES WHAN, Auctionser,

 

oe