H
4

——

The Sun.

MONDAY, JANUARY 22, 1900,

Subseriptions by Mall, Postpaid,

DAILY, per Month #0 50

DAILY, per Year 600

BUNDAY, per Year aes . 200

DAILY AND SUNDAY, por Year 8 00

DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Mouth 70
Postaye to foreign countries aided

‘Lun Sew, New York City,

Pinte-Kiosque No (2, near Grand Hotel, and
B§o«que No. 10, Boulevarde dea Caprcines

jt our frienda who fovor us with manuscripts for

gwhlivation with to hawe rejected articles returned, they
mmr ral cas vl stampetor that purpose,
= =

The Forgettul Colonel,

Bryanite seholar ought
synoptical

Bome industrious
to prepare a concordance ot
view of Col, Bryans lectures
ani interviews. ‘There are 60 many of them
tha! thelr author niay be pardoned for for-
@eiting the longituce and latitude of his
opinions avany given Litue in the past, He
{s buried in his own voluminousness, This
was his condition in Washington on Friday.
He was asked if he had changed his views
about expansion. He replied confidently,
“Not in the least.” “I am advocating
to-day,” he continued, “exactly what I did
in the interview given out the day after I
resigned from the army, Dee, 18, 1898."

Here the Colonel's memory limps. Last
Friday his theory of expansion was this:

“Tam not opposed to expansion. Each proposed
annexation must be settled upon its own merits. I
have tried to distinguish between the peaceful ex
tension of the limits of a republicand the change of
@ republic into an empire.”

A very different theory from the one set
forth by Col, Bryan {fn his Savannah inter-
view of Dee, 18, 1808:

*Jerrpnson has been quoted in support of im
perialism, but our opponents must distiuguish be-
tween imperialism and expansion, They must also
Aistinguish between expansion in the Western
Hemisphere and an expansion that involves us in
he quarrela of Europe aud the Orient. They must
still further distinguish between expansion which
secures contiguous territory for future settlement
and expansion which secures us alien races for
future subjugation.’

In 1898 Col. Bryan was a linited expan-
gionist, He tolerated expansion of eon-
tiguous territory, In 1900 he ia for or
against expansion according to the merits
of the case, without regard to contiguity
or non-contiguity, At Minneapolis week be-
fore last week he said that “ wherever there
is a people who are capable of having a
volco and a representation in this Govern-
ment, there the limits of the Republic
may be extended.” He has changed and Is
changing. ‘Phe imperialism that he still
talks about is only a bugbear, a figment of
the overheated fancy, Nobody wants to
change the Republic into an empire, The
Colonel is an expansionist, and it must
puzzle som of his anti-expansionist fol-
lowers to keep track with the rapid devel-
opment of his ideas on the subject,

speeches

The Revenue Cutter Service.

A bill of very great importance to the
officers of the Revenue Cutter Service has
been introduced into the Senate by Mr.
Frye, and has been reported back from the
Committees on Commerce by Mr. GALuIn-
GER, the chairman, with a recommendation
that it be passed, It is entitled "A bill to
promote the efficiency of the Revenue Cut-
ter Service,” the funetion of which {8 not
only to aid in protecting the revenue, but
also to assist vessels in distress, suppress
piracy, prevent violation of the neutrality
acts, and in war tline to coéperate with the
Navy and the Army.

The general intent of the bill is to raise
the rank of the officers to an equality with
that of officers of the Army and Navy, to
increase their pay correspondingly and to
provide for their retirement from active
service, The bill, however, gives to Cap.
tains the rank, not of Colonel in the Army,
but of Majorand of Lieutenant-Commander
in the Navy, though naval Captains rank
with Colonels in the Army; offleers be-
low Captain receive correspondingly lower
rank, Their pay is placed on an equality
with that of similar ranks in the Army and
the Navy, with the longevity increase pro-
vided for in those services.

The disparity of pay between the Army
and Navy and the Revenue Cutter Ser-
vice is at present very great; how great
probably few persons appreciate. For

Fight times since the Revenue Cutter
Service was instituted in 1790 it has been
ordered to cobperate with the Army or the
Navy, or with both; and its serviees during
the Spanish war were commended by
Admiral Dewry and other senior naval
officers on many oecasions, The presence
of the MeCulloch at Mantla and of the
Husson at Cardenas will not soon be for-
gotten by the country.

in hia report for 1899 to the present

Jongreas, Secretary GAGE thus sums up his
argument for a change of the law regard-
ing the Revenue Cutter Service

‘Tt will be readily conceded ® * * thatno branchof
the public service in time of peace requires as contin
uous, laborious and havardous service as this, while
in time of war, as was practically demonstrated in
the war with Spain, it ¢tands upon the same ground
with the Navy, excepting in the matter of compen
sation and the benefita bestowed by the Government
upon the commissioned ranksof the sister service,
in connection with which, under the law, the Reve
nue Cuttor Service bore # conspicuous aud meri
torious @ part,”

The proposed bill, having reeeived the
approval of the Secretary of the Treasury,
and being designed to carry out desirable
reforms desired by successive Administra-
tions, may well be enacted into a law, It
may be added as a matter of history that
tho only reason why the service is not now
@ part of the Navy is that in 1790, when the
Revenue Service was established, there was
no Navy Department, and the service was
placed under the Treasury Department as
a matter of convenience. For, the same
reason of convenience the suggested
changes in the law might be made now with

propriety.

The Situation In France.

Too much importance has been attached
tothe fact that on Thursday of last week
the French Chamber of Deputies approved
by a vote of 329 to 74 the attitude of the
Waldeck-Rousseau Ministry toward the
strikers at St. Etienne.

With the exception of a part of the Social-
ists, the representatives of all phases of
opinion commend the course pursued
toward the St. Etienne strike by M.
MILLERAND, the Minister of Commerce,
although on Thursday many reactionists,
disregarding their economical convictions,
showed themselves ready, as they are
always ready, to codperate with any fac-
tion which attempts to embarrass the
present Revisionist Government, ‘The Pre-
mier’s normal majority remains small and
precarious, aa will be made plain enough
when he tries to secure the ratifleation of
the reciprocity treaty with the United
States, or when he endeavors to pass the
bill requiring all applicants for offices under
the Government to produce certifleates
showing that they have spent three years
in State schools.

It is, of course, pon sible that the Waldeck-
Rousseau Cabinet may be much stronger
with the voters than it is in the Chamber
of Deputies, which was elected in May,
1498, when the Anti-Revisionist sentiment
was at its height. An opportunity of
testing the feelings of the community at
large will be afforded on Sunday, Jan. 28,
when 101 seats in the Senate are to be
filled, Since certain amendments of the
Constitution of 1875 have become opera-
tive, the constituencies upon which the
choice of Senators devolves present so
much closer an approach to universal auf-
fraye than they originally did that their
verdict may be now accepted as a fair eri-
terion of public opinion. If the Anti-
Revisionists, who condemn the pardon of
DREYFUS as well as the concession of a
second trial by court-martial to that unfort-
unate officer, should carry a majority of
the 101 Senatorial districts which have
now to fill vacancies, the result will
undoubtedly be looked upon as a proof that
the present Ministry does not possess the
confidence of the country.

Especially would such an inference be
drawn from the returns should Gen. Mer-
CIER be elected a Senator from the district
of Loire Inférieure, where he is opposed by
a Government candidate who is a Radical.
The reactionista are strong in the district
mentioned and it seems probable that the
doors of the Senate House will be opened to
aman who in the eyes of Revisionists ought
not only to be deprived of his rank in the
army, but to be punished as a criminal.
Should Mepcrer be elected a Senator next
Sunday, we may expect to witness, sooner
or later, in France a second Boulangist
agitation, more formidable than its pred-
ecesaor in proportion, as the new hero is
a more desperate man, Nor is there any
doubt that Mercrer, however undeserv-

instance, a Major in the Army and a Lieu-
tenant-Commander in the Navy after
twenty years’ service draw pay amounting
to $3,500 a year; a Captain in the Revenue
Service of equal length of service gets only

2,500, That the work of the revenue
officers deserves the higher pay ishardly to
be doubted. It is continuous, even more so
than that of naval officers, While our war-
ships are sent south during the winter,
the revenue cutters are sent north to aid
distressed vessels; and there is no busy
season or dull season in the service. Dur-
ing six months of the present fiseal year,
the revenue cutters crulsed 174,085 miles,
boarded 9,372 vessels, assisted 84 vessels
in distress, and rescued and relieved 829
persons, These six months, {t should be
remarked, do not cover the dangerous sea-
gon of the year,

The provision for retirement is one of the

most important provisions of the bill.
Hitherto, with the exception of a special
act, allowing the retirement of spectal

officers, passed in 1885, there bas been no
way of retiring old and incapacitated
officers. When that aet was passed one
Captain on the active list was 95 years old
and another was 70 vearsold. There ts one
Captain still on the active list over 78 veara
of age, The stagnation of promotions caused
by the lack of a retiring act must mili- |
tate great!y against the eM®eieney of the
services. It may be mentioned that the
senior First Lieutenant is nearly 58 vears
of age, and the senior Second Lieutenant 88
and that older men junior to these
officers, If the bill passes, officers
would be retired for age, as being over 64,
end five for disability. The total ineroase of
pay under the ould be $138,155

For twenty-seven Years Successive Secre-
tarios of th

are
nine

act Ww

Treasury have recommended

Buch chanwes in the laws as would inerease
the efficiency of the Revenue Cutter Ser-
viee, generally in the line propose d by the

pending bil, but without effeet. The chief
has been that the

op put forward
Bel is het military, and that the crea-

tion of a retired list forit would be the first

edly, has a far stronger hold upon the
military hierarchy than ever BouLANGER
possessed,

For the first time in two years the com-
ing Senatorial elections will give us a
chance of judging whether the clerico-
military party is likely to aequire pre.
ponderance in France,

 

The Special Election in the Thirtyefirst

District,
There will bea special election to-morrow,
held under somewhat unusual cireum-

stances, in the Thirty-first Assembly dis-
trict, which approximately includes all the
territory between Park avenue and Eighth
avenue, north of Central Park to One Hun-
dred and Thirty-fourth street.

This is one of the closest districtsin town,
Last November the result turned upon the
vote of a single election distriet, and
the certificate was claimed by both candi-
dates, Mr. KE. C.Srone of Tammany and Mr.
B.S. ScaTER, Republican. The contest has
not yet been decided at Albany, Meanwhile,
Mr. Srone has died,

Though the system of nomination for

| elective offices in New York bas engrossed

the attention of political reformers for many
years, and although the primary Jaw reyu-
lating such nominations has been deseribed
us an ideal measure of perfect legislation,
it was diseovered recently that it failed to
provide for the holding of this special elec-
tion inaccordance with primary convention
nominations by either political party in the
Thirty-first district; moreover, the defect
applies to every other district of the State
in which a vacancy might exist or arise. It
was, therefore, found necessary for the Leg-
islature to pass an enabling act, with the
unanimous approval of both parties, To
avoid another complication, whieh the
franiors of the primary !aw had not pro-
vided against, it Was necessary for Governor
RooskvELT to send to the Legislature an
emergency message Lo expedite the adop-
tion of the bill, to which there was no
objection, Without such action no valid
election could be held on Tuesday

atep toward a civil service Pension ‘List. Tho Thirty-tirat Assembly district cou-
But the Revenue Service is really military | tains a larger number of flat and apartment
and naval in everything except that it | houses than any other district in New York

controlled: hy the Treasury Depart. | Changes in the plaice of residence of tts
men ! ofivers hoatd naval rank are | voters Are not oaly many but almost eon
un wall m '@ the Army | tinteus. “Phe total registration inthe dis
and Na othe at Visseis  ¢ | tract for the November election was 12,784,
the sorvieg are armed criisers, carrying Pand at the recent: special enrollment 791

under the Jaw full complements of small
arms; its men are enlisted and are drilled,

hames were added to the list. This sub.
stantial addition to the number of regis-

regular iy With great guns and small arms, | tered voters has been aseribed by sume per-

)

pe CSS SSS SSS sss srs sss ies

E the two candidates,

 

   

sons to great local interest in the contest
but it is

actually due to other causes—the general
movement of population and the rapid In-

THE SUN,

crease in the number of residents of the |

distriet, In 1895, when the Thirty-thrst
district was established, the total vote was
9,000, Last year the total vote was 11,500,
and at the present rate of increase in voting
population it will be in excess of 12,500 at
the Presidential election of November, @
larger total than any other Assembly dis-
trict on Manhattan Island, with one excep-
tion, namely, the Twenty-first

For Tuesday's special election the Repub-
liecans have renominated Mr. SLATER, and
the Democrats have put up Mr. Leon W,
GovpricH, Both candidates are lawyers,
Mr. SLATER has to his credit a year’s service
in the last Legislature.

Chimpanzee and Hoe Man,

We hope Tather than expect that the let-
ter hereinafter mentioned will be the last
that we shall receive about the Markham
Peasant with the loosened, let-down and
brutal jaw and the indifference to the
Pleiades. There are several other poems in
the world, although perhaps there is no
other sv dear to Mr. MARKHAM; and there
are even primers of popular sctence which
are more trustworthy. But alittle rhetoric
goes a long way. Weprint apart, and wish
we could find room for all, of this corre-
spondent’s letter, because he is a cheerful,
comfortable and sensible man, reasonable
and full of reasonable hope as he looks at
the world:

“To Tur Eprron or Tae 8ux—Sir: Tothe class
which now points to'The Man With the Hoe’ as a
song from a prophet, let me say just a word ortwo.
How can you reconcile this poem with the theory of
evolution? I know some scores of reformers, agi-
tators, socialists,cranks generally, have ayitated some
myself. I don't know more than two or three who
aceept the Biblical story of Apam and Ever. That
there once peopled this earth a race or a nation or a
tribe of men perfect and equal either physically or
meutally, the average agitator or disciple of Mr.
Markham wil not admit. They almost univereally
hold that men have come up from lower orders,
which, if taken sufficiently far back, were low
indeed,

“If this be true, what proof have you that this
man's brow has been slanted back, that the light ef
reason has been blown from out that brain? Is it
not more likely that the brow is beginning to slant
forward? Who slanted beck the clilmpanzee's fore
head? And that light of reason’

“Where in mine orsweatshop, orin the lowest and
most degraded ranks of the toilers, will you find
any considerable class in which the light of reason
is absolutely blown out? L know it doesn't burn
brightly; it may only fiicker, butit isthere, And lL
believe it is not only not blown out but that the
spark is bound to glow more and more. There is
much Of misery in the world, much of oppression
Some men, sume lords and rulers, have not done
their share toward giving men high foreheads and
developing their reasoning faculties, but for all that
there are more No. 7 hats worn to-day, relative to
population, than ever before. More men look up,
and hepe burns more brightly in hearts than ever.
The ox hopes not, nor sees much difference between
& star-spangled sky and the gloomiest of gloomy
nights. Tell me, you good friends of men, that agi
tate much, who slanted back the chimpanzee's brow?

“New Yor, Jan, 1s G, H, GoRboN,”

The theory of the poem is revolution, not
evolution. But it must be remembered
that Mr. MaAkKHAM was writing a label
for a picture, He found a subject exag-
gerated by MiLuer and proceeded to ex-
aggerate it still more. Poetical
We dare say that when the sentimental
vein flags, Mr. MARKHAM will be able to
build an ode of progress, celebrating,
let us say, the Ascidian

“What gulfs between it and the Periiorew!”

license.

and showing the patient progress of man-
kind and ahead the long reaches of the
peaks of hope. Let the verse maker have
all the privileges he needs and buffet the
facts as he pleases. Meanwhile our corre-
spondent’s little tract on evolumon is re-
spectfully recommended to the considera-
tion of the Markhamites.

The Gulf state Republicans.

The Republicans of Florida, always ear! y
in the field in a Presidential campaign, held
on Friday at St. Augustine their State
Convention for the choice of delegates-at-
large to the Republican National Conven-
tion. They recognized the “eolor line” to
the extent of choosing two white and two
colored representatives. The proceedings
of the convention were orderly and har-
monious. There were nocontests tobe car-
ried to the Nationa! Convention at Phila-
delphia and no controversies over the in-
structions of the delegates.

The harmonious action of the Florida
Republicans probably affords an indication
of what will be the rule at other Republi-
can conventions in the Gulf States, ‘The
fact is that the momentous issues of this
year’s Presidential campaign have oblit-
erated all consideration of factional dif-
ferences in the South, where some of the
heartiest and most enthusiastic supporters
of the general poliey of expansion and
natural progress are Democrats,

The eight Florida delegates will be well
received in Philadelphia in June—the more
so as they bring no contests along with
them, and leave their factional troubles, if
they have any, among the Everglades,

A Pittsburg concern has received an order
for some wire glass strong enough to walk on
and fireproof, to be used on the Tower of Lon-
don. Thus American visitors to the Tower
wiil add to their recollections of Juris Cesar,
WiiiiaM the Conqueror, Lady Jang Grey, Sir
Warrer Rargion, the Trajtor's Gate and the
Beefeaters the memory of good, solid Pittsburg
giass with stee! wire woun ! with asbestos yarn
imbedded in it,

With solemn absurdity the St, Louis Re
public calls the Republicangparty “ the party of
empire.” It would be perfectly correet, how
ever, tocall the present Democratic party the
warty of empiricism; and a fine old set of
quack salvers is tn control of it.

The Hoo. Jok WILGEr? of Alabama will
not unveil the Augustus Van Wyck boom at
the Anti-Trust Conference in Chicago, Feb. 12.
The President of the National Anti-Trust
League suys cavalierly

' We made the same rule for Mr
all other speakers, that they
speeches to thirty minutes,

Thirty miuutes may bo enough for other
speakers, but the thoughts of the Hon. Jor
Witter: about Trusts are many and
mighty to beuttered in any such miserable
whiffet of time.

Wintert
must confine

as for
their

foo

in one of bis lectures as Slade Professer
of Fine Art at Oxford Mr. Ruskty confessed to
his hearers something of his own appreciation
of his literary style

“None of my writings are done teensy
ond volume of ‘Modern Painters’ was all of it writ
ten twice, most of it four times over; and these le:

tures have been written, | don't know how many
times, You may think this was done merely in an

» thie mee

author's vanity, Rotin atutor’e ca Yo the vanit
Tplead yuity--no man is More inteasely vain than I
ar but any vanity is seton having it own of me
that Lam a good Master, not in having sid of mre |
ther ban a smooth author, Myevanie

is Never inore
Statey

fad than in being called a dry

need inind what [aar,

woul

ing that nobody

mean

lt is & curious Circumstance that whiie his
mastery of language won for him and his ideas
on art a wide audience throughout the En-
glish-speaking world, his Oxtord lectures worse

 

MONDAY,

 

slimly attended by the students of that uni-
versity. The lecture of which we are speas-
ing, for example, although nominally given be-
fore “the University of Oxford,” was in fact
delivered to tour hearers, and three of the
four, as the Slade Professor bluntly told then

ought not to have been at Oxford ata’!

fhe triends of the Hon, WILLIAM VINCENT |
ALLEN of Nebraska are looking to him forsome
more exact statistics than thease with whieh
he impressed the Senate last week |

“Phere are more Populiets in the country tday
than ever before. We can cast 2,500,000 votes, and |
not all of these voters are fools, either’

“Not all fools’ is a phrase less rigidly sel-
entifie than we expect from a political econ.
omist of Mr. ALLEN’s rank. Whatis the exact
pereentage of Popul st fools, Judge’

 

{HE FIGHTING IN NATAI, |

Tt is obvious from Gen, Buller’s report of the
Operations of Gen. Warren's division on Satur+
day, and of the officers and soldiers wounded,
thatthere wae stiff fighting, Bhis is further
shown by his having had to push forward Gen.
Lyitelton’s brigade from Potgieter’s Drift

to make a strong demonstration against
the Boer position in his immediate left
front, to prevent retnforeements being

sent against Gon. Warren, The locality of
Saturday's flight ison one side of the Venter-
sprult, which not stated, that runs from Mount
Tintwa, through Acton Homos. intothe Tugela
to the eastward of Spion Kop at about six
miles due west of Potgietor’s Drift. in his re-
turn of the casualties Gen. Buller only gives
the number of the wounded, which is eleven
officers and 27) men, leaving it to be inferved
that there had been no time to ascertain the
number of the killed, though the British
bivouacked on the ground gained during the
day—about three miles, This in itself is
an indirect admission that the result of the
flghting was at the best indecisive, for he
further states that the enemy's main positions
had not been reached. The despatch describ-
ing the fighting speaks of its being mostly
uphill and over very diMeult country, which is
Just the ground on which the Boers are known
toexhibit their best qualities. As it isto be

 

presumed that Gen. Buller selected his |
line of attack, because of its being the |
most advantageous open to him, we may

gather some idea of the character of those
parts of the country which he has avoided, It
would seem, therefore, as if the expectations
expressed in London immediately the news of
the crossing ofthe Tugela was received, that
Ladysmith was going to be relieved offhand,
were premature,

The Boer account of the crosaing of the
Tugela by the British speaks as if it had not
been intended to make any opposition to it, but
to wait and reeeive the British attack in se-
lected positions on the Boer atde. This would
appear to be the case, the Boers further having
chosen positions and fortifled them so strongly
that the intended turning movement may com-
pulsorily degenerate into a series of frontal at- |
tacks, in which success is doubtful, or only to
be attained at great sacrifice.

In the demonstration made by Cien. Lyttel-
ton's brigade on Saturday to relieve the pres
sure on Gen, Warren, there were two killed,
twelve wounded and two missing,

In his despateh reporting the Aghting that |

Was continued yesterday on Gen, Warren's
left, Gen, Buller says that the British bad
gained about two miles, and expressed the
belief that substantia! progress was being
made, Apparently, however, the Boer main
positions had not been reached at the close of
the day, as nothing was sald on that point,
though the despatch was dated late in the
evening. Lord Dundonald with his cavalry
was, however, said to be firmly established on
the roads leading to the Olivier Hoek
sezindenhaut Passes,

With regard to the other points of netion,
Lord Roberts reports from Cape Town that
Gen, French had made a reconnoissance as far
as Hebron, a place about six miles southwest
of Norvals Pont station and about seven and
a half a little to the southward of east of Ach.
tertangistation, on the railway between Colos
berg and Norvals Pont. There was seemingly
no change in the situation in that

 

and

|
|
}
|
'
sphere of
operations, but it was reported that many of
the Colonial Dutch were preparing to leave |
Colesberg for the Pree State. Gen. Kitchener
is also said to have been with Gen. French tak-
ing notes of the situation

‘The aceounts from both and |
Stormberg make [t appear that the Boers that
were at the latter place have been forthe most
part withdrawn and sent to reénforce those op- |
posing Gen. French, Stormberg being het] by |
about 1,500 Colonial insurgents with asmall
nuinber of Boers. As regards the Modder
River force, there are no sigus of an intention to
resume the advance to hinberley, and it seems
probable that it will not be resumed until
further reénforcements arrive from England,

In addition to the cavalry ¢egiment on its
way to Natal from India, a battery of light
artillery has received orders to proceed to the
some destination. Three brigades of fleld ar-
tillery, comprising 72 guns, of which 18 are
howitzers, are leaving England for Cape Town

Colesberg

ISSEMBLYMAN WEEKS'S BILLS,

One Proposes to Increase the Number of
City Court Judges from six to Ten,

A.bany, Jan, 21.—Assemblyman John A
Weeks, Jr.. of the Twenty-fifth New York city
district, has ready for introduction a bill in-
creasing the number of City Court Judges
from six to ten. Mr. Weeks thinks this is
necessary for several reasons. He says that
since the abolition of the Court of Common
Pieas and the Superior Court it has piled so
much work upon the City Court and the Su-
preme Court that it now takes about two years
after filing a suit to have it tried in etther
of these courts. This has resulted in
many actions for small amounts that should
go to the City Court being fled in the Supreme
Court, as the plaintiff desires to go to that
court with his claim, reasoring that
will be reached in the higher court a+ soon as
it would in the City Court. This has ¢
the Supreme Court to be overburdened with

his case

mse

work that the City Court should dispose of
and if his bill goes through, after the ay |
ment of the four additional yudges and the

present calendar, which is w large one, is |
cleared, it will only take from two to. thre«
months in the future when an action can be | '
tried after being noticed, It wil! aso tend

relieve the Supreme Court, he savs

Auother measure of Mr. Weeks’: '
the abolition of the United States Loan Com-
missioners, Ib IS8o the National Goverament,
inorder to help out the States, turned over to
this State something over $4,000,000, to be |

  

 

helt in truat and to be returned when de
manded, but while in possession of the fund |
the State could tse it as it saw tt lhis State

decided to atd the farmers, whoat thet

 

   

  

 

   
    

to pay exorbitant rates of interest | money, |
and loaned it out ia smallamounts throughout |
the various counties, two commissioners bem |
appoluted foreach county. Mr. Weeks thinks
thut the purpose has outlived Its usefuiness,
for money is cheap now und ean be secured at
fand 5 per cent, interest, Mr. \Veeka proposes
to have the State cal! in this money, turn it |
over to the Comptroller and allow him to
loan. it out ip buying town and munteipal |
bonds, Hesays thatthe present system is a
Nnanceial lose tothe State, as he learns from |
the Comoptrol! through poor joans race |
by the Comm u State lost S200
last year, But tf ths bill does met pas w!
try another method, to apply especcally to New
York « ty, Where he save an trage is .
juz perpetrated, The Comn ‘ nak
ing # own dre bot requiradt h re
gage in the ter a wm

purchases p rty hela ik

sepreh of the records ot & %
office to find ou re ia anything ag

the property The charge for these search

 

is from $1 to $15, and amount »quite asun
inwyear, and Mr Weeks says that he has bee
informed by the Comptroller that uo returns

 

    
    

   

tothe State are madeol these searches
will therefore amend the law, requir the |
Commissioners to reeord al! mortyuges with
the County Clerk or Register

Mr. Weeks basanother bill whieh pe
to place all private Lanka under th mtrob ool
the state Banking Department. It wih
cuire that a priv teat ill ley tn
tuin amount of gover te ms t
with the amount o ' tv I
State Superin fen { \ !
authority fo investinate “ i
atl tome ther ' thinks they are her
doing @ legitimate business, Mr Weel +}

the object of the bill isto put astopto a man |
hanging outa sign that be is « banker and
when he has enough deposits on hand to leave
the country,

JANUARY 22, 1900.

 

‘HE VATICAN AND SPAIN,

| End of Cartist Agitation Brought About by

Vope Leo's Intervention,

Row, Jan %.—The new year opens for the
Papacy with an important suceess In its Span-
Ish policy, Thave already sketched the outline
Of this far-sighted policy tn Tue Sux. To
unite all conservatives and all Catholica--In-
tegrists, ‘Traditioniats, Carlists, Alphonsists

) and Ropablicans--around the younger branch

Of the Bourbon family, to suppress anarchy
LY ineans of national concentration; through
tho relatablishment of political unity to build
UP Again, one by one, the organs of Spanish

| lifes such was the ideal of his Holiness and of

Cardinal Rampolla
Cardinal Rampotla, while Nancio at Madrid
from I8S2 to 1447, through bis loyal and vig-

| 0rous fetivity succeeded In rallying the Bishops

around the evadle of a child and the weakness
of i woman. As Secretary of State after his
return from Spain, he endeavored to keep the
relations between the Escurfal and the Vatican
On the most friendly footing, The Carlists and
the parish priests alone seemed to hold off
from the advances of the Holy See, but for
some time past the noblest minds had halled
the intervention of the Holy Father as the

| dawn of national deliverance.

The old Republican, Emilio Castelar, died
with words of blessing on his lips for the

‘apaey which had contrived, as he sald itn his
brilliant language, to reconcile the Church with
the peoples, authority with Hberty, democracy
with religion. I know no more impressive or
more marked homage paid by a writer to the
skilful manner with which tha Pone directs
tho affuirs of the Holy See,

Mer. Ireland and his co-workers may con-
eratulate themselves at seeing their practice
applied in positive and fruitful events on the
well-ploughed soil of the Old World,

The veteran Spanish Republican was right.
The incidents of the Spanish-American War
marked in lines of blood the decadence of the
country, weighed down by the leaden cloak of
parties, the imbecility of ita leaders, the
plundering of politicians and the subordina-
tion of fundamental interests to the flerce
egotism of cliques. What is left alive, honest
and immortal, is the people; the people which
no revolution has been able to touch, which re-
tains its treasures of vitality and which would
restore to Spain its might and ites greatness
the day when a strong Government, truly lib-
eral and enlightened, should draw from it @
hew source of national power,

Now unfon about the throne seems to the
Pope the prerequisite of this necessary re-
generation. Amid the late misfortunes Re-
publicans and Carlists conspired against the
dynasty whose responsibility seemed insepar-
able from the incredible weakness of the Gov-
erniients. Around the party of Don Carlos, the
party of “El Rey,” the Marquis of Cerralbo was
trying to unite in a solid band all the forces
that were subject to foreign influences.

Rome was on the watch. Leo XIIL. and Car-
dina! NRampolla guarded with indomitable hope
the integrity of their policy. When every ons
else seoned overpowered by the unspeakably
melancholy state of affaira they kept a steady
eye on the [berian situation. ‘The Vatican has
just learned that Don Carlos has dismissed the
Marquis of Cerralbo, the organizer and soul of
the revoit, the warlike henchman of “El Rey”
and the implacable adversary of the Roman
polley. Astill more marked fact is that he has
placed the management of exhausted Carlism
in the hands of the leader of the policy of adhe-
siou to the established Government, the advo-
cate of constitutional and positive action.

The change means the end of militant Car-
lism. Leo NULL, with his unwearled persever-
ance and indomitable faith, has overcome
parties and egotism. May the concentration
around a still unstable throne be the prelude
toa definite regeneration through a broadly
popular and essentially national poliey!

INNOMINATO.

4 CONSTITUTIONAL ANOMALY?
The Standing of Certain American Citizens
in the Federal Courts,

Totue Eprrorn oF Tuk fuN—Sir; In THE
SuNofJan. 10 the following despatch from
Macon, Ga, was printed under the head-
line, “Judge Speer’s Decision That Citizens of
the Territories Are Outlanders Legally:”

Judge Fmory Speer, in the United States District
Court, ruled yesterday that his court had no juris-
diet citizena of the District of
Colma bia f Territories were parties, The ques
thon came upon ademurrer in the case of Nathaniel
Hill andothers against Joseph H, Hall, In this case
tthe complunants reside in Washington and
two in North Carolina, Judge Speer atrnck the
haves of the Washington people off, holding that
the Constitution gave the United States Courts juris.
d nin litigation between citizens of different
States, but did not include the citizeas of the Dis
trict of Columbia or Territortes

It can hardly be said that Judge Speer's de-
cision renders citizens of Territories “out-
landers logally,” if by the expression is meant
a “foreigner to the law,” or one who le put out
of the protection or aid of the law. Judge
Speers decision means only that the District of
Columbia is nota “State” within the meaning
of that term as usedin the Federal Comstitu-
tion and the Judictary Act, and that its citizens
einnot suein the courts of the United States
as citivens of any State.

There is nothing new in Judge Speer’s deci -
sion us thus understood, On the contrary, the
exact point was deeided by Chief Justice Mar -
shallnearly a hundred years ago, Under the
Constitution, the judicial power extends to con-
troversies between citizens of different
“States,” and the Judiciary Act provides that
the courts of the United States shall have coy-
nizance of eivil suits between citizens of dif-
ferent “States.”’ Marshall, in 1804, held ‘that
the membersof the American Confederacy only
aie the States’ contemplated in the Constitu-
ton, that the District of Columbia is not a
‘state’ within the meaning of that instru-
ment; aud that the courts of the United States
have no Jurisdiction of casea between citizens
otthe District of Columbia and citizens of a
State

Marshall's ruling has never been disturbed
by the Supreme Court of the United States, but
has been acted on by the courts, as Justice Mil-
ler said, ever since then when the pointe bas
arisen, The same ruling was made by the Su-
preme Court as latu as April, 1887,

lt may be extraordinary, as Marshall said,
that the courts of the United States, which are
open to atiens, and to the citizens of every State
in the Unton, should be closed upon citizens of
the Distrietof Columbia and ofthe Territories;
but that a subject for legistative, not. for
judielal consideration, Bat citizens of the Dia.
triet of ¢ nila and ofthe Territories may

» in other courts, and Aare not, therefore,
y outlanders,”’ or outlaws,

York, Jan, 20, TUE COUNSELLOR,

 

hin cases where

two

     

 

  
   

New

The Case of Barbara Frtetchie.

rue Diiton or Tak SuN—Sir | have been

nterested in thearticles you bave pub

 

ve 1 h
lished lately about Barbara Frietehie. | went to
Prederick City, Md., on Oct. 17, l&7y, with the uni
company of the 10.0. FP. of Washington,
1 ‘ Vissted that city toattend the county fair
We we met by aconmittee at the depot, and the
mpany irehed to the fatr grounds. Myself and
spotber Wore jab open carriage at the head of the
parade withtwo the committee, whose names I
miber We passed throngh the greater

the city, and, naturally, being w New
ketabout Barbara Frietchte, The stories

   

to Uh wentionen agreed, and both were old res
{ ta of Frederick, What T learned and bavealwaye
believed the true story Is, that there was a Bar
bara Frietehic, and that there way a emall flag hun

day, Dut it waa Bot hung ont
voger woman who lived near
pointed out to me, They
ather lane, by which Jack
ty, aod also the witeot bur
It had Deen torn down te jnabe Way
0 me Other juprovement. The
fi ‘ rthe tag hung eof slow
vfoat L reeollee rightly, about
h from where Barbara's was }
tt buracter of my informants, one
t thef then tug candidates at the time for
hoch beal offices cu brederick, Iwan convinced that
« sstrue, and [have believed it ever since,
Youk, dan, 2 W.L.¢

ofa witdow that
arty butbya
Phe house was
ved me the rowd or
‘ 1 nh t

tHe Pprron or Tak BUN—Sire “The History of
ate M wi, by Scharff, treats exhawetively
ava Frietchie Legend, If memory

serves nie ia at hand the ev
leur linceed ot ir. Sehr? ta decidedly naeiee
t t ' we ¢ J, Me

1

hot the work

 

What’
eva tad

u en prontiiered ‘ra @P Lae
ing the tepublican National Convention here, we
heveu bt the nouey will be paid, but it ie dif-
feult to understand why any euch amount should be
required to pay the expenses of a convention,

0009095 99I09SS0o0« 000i GG eee

  
  

THE CIVIL SERVICE REPORT,

Small Percentage of Removals From the
Classified Service During the Yeur.

Wasurraton, Jan. 21.-Thesixteenth annunl
report of the United States Civil Service Com-
mission hes been submited to the President
The report opens with a preliminary statement
in regard tothe extent of the classified abd
unclassified service, from which it appears that
there are approximately 75,000 classilled post-
tions and 107,000 unclassified positions, Of
the latter 77,007 are occupied by fourth-class
postmasters, There are 1),440 positions in the
executive service inthe District of Columbia

)

 

BADGES FOR DIPLOMATS’ COACHMEN,

They Ave to Prevent Pablie Cabmen Clatm
ing Tmimunity Prom Pollee Regulations
Wasninerosx, Jan. 21,—Tovorrect an abuse

which has grown out of the immoanity of mer

bers of the diplomatic body and these o/

households froin the local police regulations,

the State Department has had propared hand.
some silver badges to identify the eouchmen
ofthe several eubasaies aud legatious, whieh

will be delivered by the Department
to-morrow. This was done oat the ine
, stance of the local police uuthorities,
in addition to the other privieges

and more than 162,000 distributed among the |

States and Territories, The expenditures fo
salaries for the entire service, classified and
unclassified, is approximately $104,000,000 per
annum, a largo increase having resulted from
the war with Spain.

During the year 283 different kinds of exam-
{nations were held. Only & per cent, of the
classified positions are subject to technical ex-
aminations requiring special or technical
knowledge in addition toa general education,
such as Patent OMlce examiner, stenographer
and typewriter, draughtsman, and nautical ex-
pert. This leaves {4 per cent. of the positions
in the classified service which can be filled ac-
ceptably by persons who have received a good
common school education, which isa surpris-
ing showing in view of the misleading state-
ments that are frequently made in regard to
the character of the commission’s examina-

tions.

During the year 47,056 persons were eXx-
amined for all branches of the service, an in,
crease of 2,244 over last year. Of this number
35,682 passed and 12,274 failed. The total
number of appointments made during the year
on certificates of the commission was 0,05
In addition, 3,724 appointments were made
from different non-educational examinations
to various branches of the service. Certificates
were also issued for promotion, through ex-
amination, of 78 persons, for reinstatement of
768, for transfer of 506 from different posi-
tions, making 10,418 persons appointed, pro-
moted, reinatated and transferred upon ver-
tifleates of the commission—the largest num-
ber in its history.

Attention is called to the need of promotion
regulations throughout the service, and the
importance of preventing outaide influence or
inside favoritism from deciding promotions.

The commission for the first time discusses
the question of providing a retirement fund
for superannuated employees, It says:

“It is suggested that the question of enact-
ing a law providing for a retirement fund for
incapacitated employees, such fund to be
created and maintained by withholding a cer-
tain percentage of the salaries of employees,
is worthy of the serious attention of Congress
Such adaw would not be open to the objection
of estaRishing a civil pension list, and if it
should be enacted the Government would be
the chief gainer, as the employees placed upon
the retired list because of their inefficiency
would be succeeded by active and energetic
persons inthe primeoflife”

Gratifying progress {8 shown in the remark-
ably small percentage of removals now made
from the classifled service. Only O11!) per
cent, of those appointed through the commis-
sion's eyaminations have been removed from
the departinental service during the last six-
teen years, or a little over seven-tenths of I per
cent.a year, As a much smaller percentage of
those appointed through the commission's ex-
aminations have been fomoves, it is quite evi-
dent that those appoitfees are more efficient
than the others, although not so long inthe
service.

The commission contrasts the small per-
centage of removals from the classified service
with the large per centage from the unclassified
service, and makes this comment Lb

“Ifthe removals from the unclassified posi-
tions were made because the occupants were
incompetent it was a condemnation of the sys-
tem under which they were appointed. On the
other hand, if the removals were made for
other reasons than unfitness the welfare of the
service could not have been the basts for such
action, From the figures the conclusion must
be drawn that eitherthe persons brought in
through examination are far more efMfeient
than the others or the removals from the an-
classified positions have been made tor other
cause than the good of the service.”

he commission dwells at length on the
question of a merit system for the civil service
of our colonial possessions, It is urged that
the Spanish method of making appointments
for political or personal reasons, without due
regardto the qualifications of appointees, be
avoided, .

The commission recommends the extension
of the classified service to the force in the
Library of Congress, in order to secure its sta-
bility, and that the municipal service of the
Distriet of Columbia be put under the protec-
tion of the Civil Service law

IMPORTS AT THE PORT OF MANILA,
The United States Sixth in the List of Coun-
tries Furnishing the Goods,

WasHINGTON, Jan. 21,—The War Department
made public to-day a statement showing the
imports at the port of Manila for the three
months of July, August and September last,
being the first official data relating to imports
during so longa period since American oecn-
pation, The volume and character of the
trade shown by this statement is little short of
astonishing when it is remembered that these
were the months preceding the arrival of Gen,
Otis’s reénforcements, and the consequent
opening to trade of large sections formerly
overrun by insurgents,

The total value of merchandise entered at
Manila Custom House for the three months
named was $5.802,581, In addition there was
$52,520 in gold coin and $255,204 in silver coin
from British India and $332,707 in silver
coin from China, bringing the aggregate of
imports up to $6,443,102 or at the rate of more
than $25,300,000 a year for Manila alone, Tho
growing nature of the trade is shown bya
comparison with the amounts for all Philip.
pins ports for the fifteen years ending with
1804, during which time the average yearly
imports of the archipelago only amounted to
$17,080,044, or approximately two-thirds of
the valuation indicated by the trade ot the
three months ending with September, Ls,
for Manila alone. i /

The valuation of importations of merchan-
dise from the various countries which fur-
nished more than the United States are given
as follows: China, $2,154,103; United King-
dom, $016,501; Spoin, $03,405; Australia,

410,452; Germany, $457,525; United States,
B20.114. Kleven other countries furnished
goods in amounts ranging from $93,521 from
the Netherlands down to $703 from Denmark,

While the import trade of the Philippines
with the Calted States issinall compared with
that of other countries, we are exporting in
considerable quantities a share of al) the lead.
fog articles, and when the conditions there are
placed upon a stable basis, aud with additional
facilities for transportation, itis believed thata
ready market will be found fora vast amount
of the manutactures and products of this
country. A noticeable feature of theimports as
shown is the item of cotton and its manu-
factures, Out of a total of $1,500,000 worth,
imported during the three months named, the
share of the United States was only $1,470
What is true of cotton goods is also true of
many other articles, al! tending to show the

ossibilities of vastly Increased trade in the far

 

     

 

 

Rast when the fuetsare brought to the atten.
tion of the manufacturers and exporters in this
country.

Another Sister Republic

Prom the Washington Time

Shali we copsulerit providential that Yaqui

Tudians Lave announced the fact that they have set
up @ Government of thelr own in the Mex n State
of Sonora, divecti nour l and propose to

destroy all the forces that
againeatthem’ Tt woult

President Diaz may send
that such a situation
might assist Senator Moar and his Piliptmophile fol-

seen

lowing in preserving the dignity of thetr pos tion,
such asitis, and at the same time to draw off in
wood order under the smoke cf a new wogurre

agaist constituted suthority, which, ass cannot

fasl tv excite their terest aud aympath

 

|

Compared with the Malay, ' ere whof 7
or recently followed, the foruimes agal @
Venturer, Agninalde, the Yaqui lndiansave a superb,
liah ly etvilized and cullivate yee of thes to
purauitea of scalp raising, the abeteng il ph
of monte, andin 1 kia ted wit)
tests between tember the oy farnily. the
tre the equa@inot apy claseet ’ it

meeptions of uberty andindepends ut sesteyg
ent are « t tho ye f andth . v)
edge of the geutie art of makiag puly Dil ising it
for purposes of cerebral excitat souot be too
highly extollet Woreover they 4 le need
end disearie | the sluackles of owed
afederal rey eeOCore sine tive per al Peedi thom
over ' tha we Dated ie ‘ ‘ ha
Indians wt oqient t ‘

t tert roSenoont for
tu yu . ‘
than joan fav 1 amd ania peeepl WH) dilles
j away
For these cogent rea#ous we reconmuend the Yaqui |

revolution to the respectful atuseution of our domes- |

tie Filipinos,

to which their official position entitles them,
the foreign diplomats in Washington are jot
obliged to regard the local regulations govern.
jug public and private vehicles. Their care
rlages may go e@utat night without lights, be
driven rapidly, or proceed op the left-hand side

ofa public highway. All vehicios belonging to
other classes of persons including foreign
subjects not of the Diplomatic Corps, are
amenable to the local potice regulations,
President Grant was once arrested for fast
driving, but an attaché of an embassy or
legation taken into custody for a similar of-
fence has merely to produce his card to secure
his release and an apology

The knowledge among Washington coach.
men that the carriages of embassies and lega-
tions are privileged has led to many abuses,
The police say that in nearly every case Where
adriver ofa private vehicle has been arrested
for violation of the regulations, immunity fron
arrest is claimed on the ground that the \\--
toria or brougham, or whatever the vehic a
may be, belongs to this Ambassador or that
Minister. Public cabmen have made the same
excuse, alleging that they are employed forthe
time being by Ministers or attacnés of lewu-
tions, So feartul are the police of wetting into
trouble with some foreign representative tliat
they have invariably, it is suid, released all
drivers making this excuse, although practi-
cally cartain that they were being deceived

Not long agon carriage of one of the foreign
establishments ran over a pedestrian, but the
police declined to prosecute the case; in fac
they could not do a0 except with the consent ot
the chief foreign representative concerned, as
ecoachmen and other servanta share the same
immunity from the laws as their masters,

In order to prevent furthet deceit, the sug
gestion was made to the State Denariment by
the police authorities here that badges be
given to each Ambassador, Minister and
Chargé d’Affaires. The badwes provided are
handsome silver affairs, oblong in shape, and
quite large, Pach has engraved on .t the name
of the embassy or legation to which it belongs
and that of Biohare Sylvester, Superintendent
of Poliee, ereafter the possession of one of
these badges will be necessary to secure vehicla
drivers from arrest for violation of the loval
driving regulations,

BARNARD AND COLUMBIA MADE ONE,

The College Formally Incorporated in the
University-Mr. Low President,

Barnard College has become a part of Colum-
bia University. The project has been con-
templated forsome time by the management
of both Institutions, and their ultimate union
was foreshadowed in President Low's annual
report on the affairs of Columbia a year ago,
At the bi-monthly meeting of the trustees of
Harnard, held on Friday at Abram 8, Hewitt's
house, an agreement was approved under
which Barnard becomes incorporated with the
educational system of Columbia,

Mrs. Arthur Meyer of the Barnard trustees,
explaining the union, said yesterday:

“Since Barnard College opened its doors ten
years ago, this is the first time that its relation
to the university has been officially defined.
The graduating classes of Barnard College
have recetved the Columbia degree, and the
teaching staffof Barnard has had to meet with
the approval of the President of Columbia, but
there has been no more formal alliance, In
the future, Barnard College takes its place as
completely an integral part of the university
system as the college proper (formerly known
as the Schoo! of Arts), save that the financial
management is separate and distinct, Tho
President of Columbia University becomes, ex-
officio, the President of Barnard College, and
President Low has just been elected a trustee
of Barnard College, 80 that his relation to Bar-
nard is precisely the same as the relation he
bears to Columbia, 2

“The Dean of Barnard Collage, who up to the
present time has held no official relation to the
university, in future will) be appointed by the
President of the university, by and with the
advice and consent of the trustees of Barnard.
The Dean of Barnard College, Mrs. George
Haven Putnam, will also for the first time have
a seat {n the Untyersity Council, with the right
of voting on all the questions that come before
that body. Inthe past_any instructors might
be chosen by Barnard College so long as they
met with the approval of the President of the
university; henceforth no one will instruct at
Barnard College who is not an appointee ofthe
university, with the same standing in all re-
spects as that of other like officers in the uni-
versity, and it is expressly stuted that they
may be either men or women. Although the
officers of instruction at Barnard College wil!
be appointed by the President of the untver-
sity, they will be nominated by the Dean of
Barnard, with the approval of the trustees of
Barnard, sothe important power of selection
still rests with Barnard College.

"This concerns the undergraduate student
only. For the graduate students a step bus
been taken which must awaken interes!
throughout the country, Women candidates
for the higher degrees will no longer be regis-
tered as students of Barnard College, They
will be accepted by the university as regular
students of the university, upon the same
terms asthe men, under the faculties of phii-
osophy, political scienee und pure seience, in
such courses as have already been designated
These include ten history courses and sixteen
in political economy and sociology in the fac.
ulty of political science, more than @ bhundrod
in philosophy, and many in pure science.

There is a clause in the contract looking to
the establishment of chairs by Barnard Col-
loge in the ufliversity, and if anyone wishes to
endow a chair, $100,000 will do it,and {ft will
he open to women. We have an agreement for
an exchange of teachers, 80 that if a professor
fi a chair established by us gives us five hours
and other parts of the university three lours,
for instance, the univeraity will supply another
provengper insome other branch forthe three

ours,”

Mrs Mover feltthat Barnard might well be
proud of the resnuiteof its labora, which hay +
extended overa decade. It has grown to be «
body of SuVstn Jentsand seventy-fve graduate!
students, “And ten years after Barnard Co'-
loge undertook the instruction of women by
the professors and other instructors of Coluime
bia College.” she said, “thea trustees of Colum-
bia have seemed it wise to give authority to
the President of Columbia to charge himsel!
with the welfare of Barnard College on pres
cisely the aame terme ae he ischarged with the
welfare of Columbia.”

A MISSIONIRY IN MANILG,

He Finds Music That Wonld Do Credit to
Brooklyn and Many Bibles,

The Kev J.C. Goodrich of Manila, the first
agent there of the American Bible Society, who
arrived there Nov Inv), took with him
Bibles and Testaments, not only in Spanish
and Fnglish, bur in Tagalog, Visayan ant
Pangasinan. He has forwarded to the Bible
Society an account of his experiences, in which
he says

"We were recommended to a hotel, where wa
put up forthe night; rate, $5 for the two. At
ha'f past ll we were awakened by oaths an !
revo We found a full fledged f:
fght going ou inthe barroom, Mrs, Goodr i

was worn out withthe long trip, and when tie
fracas was followed up all the night long w
the nauseating sounds of the siekness of |
draunkea than adjoining room you may know
that we feltanything but amiable toward 9 .t
j lord, We found the

4h,

ver shots

 

da wave to ba but lit
better than a Bowery gambling hell: indeo!
is hardto fud a respectable piace to stop iu ihe
city

"We gave notice, and bright and ea:
started tu tind « quiet resting place, ‘Phe only

thing we found was acouplaof rooms above a
livery stable, with the privilege of moeuls at
an adjoining house. We decided to take this
at $5 a uay until we eould find aomething
yetter

“In regard to Christian work and ejreulation
of the Seriptares, Lhave conferred with the
agent ofthe British and Foreign Bib'a Soclety
and tind that thev haye actually etreulared »
thousand a month forthe past twelve months

  
       

ndthey have not goneoutside Manila, Yor
there is ready sale of By bles here. T oet ves.
terday a famiv from an interior towa, They
were bricht, inteli@ent people They told ine
that some veara ago the priests levied @ tax upe
on the town to build a eathedral in’ Mantia.
The people rebetied; the soldiers came out

and burned the village to the gronod, abusing

 
 

 

 

m » people shamefully That whole town fs
‘rolostan
Yosterdav Ll took a rin through the native
taarket and in one of the stores saw a harp,
Upon request the Inde played muaste that
Would bave done credit toa Brooklyn draw'ng-
room, Ehave yer to talk wlth a native that
vinnot road Spanish Tt wit be wise to secu;ea
! Tawaos whocan be | Voing for tl
Work Whiel a TR mi fis ‘
att ' ‘ -! '
, ! is "a > i
nore tt weet thee the I \e
‘ i » baa ’ ety
HLOGl Che prospects for our work, Phe -

sionanes are having unusual sucee
ning the natives and will
things here than the
dreams of,”

s fn ile
execute greater
church at home

 

EE