a

SOO
VOL. LXVIL—NO. 266,

BOERS FLED IN THE NIGHT.

———

ROBERTS FOUND EMPTY TRENCHES
AT THE RHENOSTER RIVER.

 

NEW

on the German steamer
Bundesrat), The departure of the steamer,
the correspondent says, was attended with
much mystery. After waiting for seven hours
for the arrival of a special train from Pretoria
the vessel started, but came to an anchor a mile
outside the harbor, Subsequently a number
of boats went to and fro, arousing the
conjecture that some prominent Boer politician
had fled to Europe. Itis more probable, how-
ever, that the Bundesrath was awaiting a fur-
ther shipment of bullion.

The correspondent accuses the Boer authori-
thes of suppressing a telegram from Cape Town
which was sent in reply to a matter that Mr.
Hay, the American Consul at Pretoria, had re-
ferred there concerning British subjects con-
nected with the mines. The telegram was never
delivered

Care Towm, May 22.--Sir Charles Warren has
ocoupied Douglas after heavy fighting. He
captured a number ef wagons, The rebels re-

vaal nailed

 

Brench's Cavalry Again Made the Enemy's
Position Untenable by a Flankiag Move-
meat—-No Hattle Expected South of the
Vaal-Gen. Hamilton Has Occapted Hetl-
bron ~ Mls Force Had Hard Fighting—
Many Free State Derghers Surrenderiag

Special Cadle Despatenes to THE SUN.
Loxpos, May 23. The following despatch
bas deen received at the War Office from Gen,

Roberts

‘gorTH BANK OF THE RHENOSTER River,

May 23, 1:90 P.M We found on arrival here

this morning that the enemy had fled during

night. They had occupied a strong
a erien on the north bank of the river, treated to the north. aracsts
‘ re " enched, en
which bad been carefully — entr PART OF BOER CONVOY TAKEN.

but they did not think ft advisable to defend it

when they heard that Hamilton's force waa at

Heilbron, and that our cavalry which croused

the Rhenoster some miles Jower down the

stream were threatening their right and rear.

“The bridge over the Rhenoster, several cul-
vertaandsome miles of the railway have been
destroyed

“Hamilton's troops drove the Boers under
Piet De Wet before them from Lindley to
Heilbron. The passage of the Rhenoster was
gtoutly defended. Our loss might have been
heavy but for a well concerted plan, which
brought Smith-Dorrien’s brigade on the
enemy's flank just at the right moment.

"The officer commanding at Boshof reports
that upward of three bundred and fifty Free
Btaters surrendered during the last few days,
giving up 86) rifles, about one hundred horses
and a large amount of ammunition.

“Kelly-Kenny reporta that three companies of
yeomanry who were sent to repair the telegraph
aud clear the country between Bloemfontein
and Roshof have returned to Bloemfontein,
having performed their duty exceedingly well.”

Gen. Roberta had previously reported from
Honing Spruit, which ts twenty miles north of
Mafeking, sixty south of the Vaal River and on
the railway line to Johannesburg, as follows,
under yesterday's date

“Jan Hamilton reached Heilbron this morn-
Ingaftera series of engagements with Boers
under Commandant Christopher De Wet, who
Wetetiring before him.

“Broadwood has captured fifteen Boer
wegons.

“There have been seventy-five casualties
among Hamilton's men.

“We marched here this morning.”

Lowpox, May 24.--Gen, Roberts's despatches
tell all that is known here of his advance and the
Boers’ abandonment of their positions on the
Rhenoster River, Their retreat is regarded asa
further indication that they will not risk a
battle any where south of the Vaal River. Some
of the correspondents reaffirm that they are
demoralized and are not likely to make a stand
even at the Vaal, but such reports ate mainly
traceable to sources that are invariably un-
Teliable.

The Cape Town correspondent of the Daily
Mail guarantees the reliability of his informant,
whom he describes as a prominent Boer official
who left Pretoria on May 19, who asserts that the
burghers are anxious to return to their homes
where their wives and children are hungry and
{ever atricken. They were astoulehed by Gen.
Roberta's speed’ and pertinactty and huddled
round Viljoena Drift for two days until the

Wil after the ocoupation of Kroonstad em-
WWihened them to return south.

Nevertheless if their retreat is renewed there
wilbea general collapse, each commando dis-
peraing without obtaining leave. In the in-
formant's own distriot skulkers are already
being hunted down and sent to the front under
arrest’. Commandant Schalk-Burger, with a
strong commando, is turning back desertera at
the Vaal.

The Dauy Mail's correspondent at Lorenzo
Marques declares that the counsels at Pretoria
aredivided) Those favoring the continuance
of the war are in a minority. A deputation
of burghers who desired a surrender = In-
terviewed President Krfiger, who replied
that he must consult with the Generals.
Terma of the surrender are being discussed, but
thelr nature is unknown; neither can {t be sald
Which way the debate {s going. The President
bas been unapproachable for a week. He does
not leave the presidency, pleading iliness. He
holds councils from daybreak until night.

The Daily News's Lorenvo Marques corre-
spondent asserts that the foreign mercenaries
serving with the Boers are rapidly deserting
in view of the recent reverses.

The reports from Lorenzo Marques stating
that the British bad oceupied Klerksdorp and
Vereeniging are now disapproved by Gen.
Roberts's despatches, It is clear that state
ae that place need to be taken with
salt

Some detaiis have been recetved of the dis-
aster to Bethune's Horae in the neighborhood
of Vryheid, which make it appear that his
inteligernce was at fault. Relying upon it he

There Were 12,000 Roers at the Rhenoster
River -Commandant Wessels Surrenders.
Special Cable Despatches to THE SUN.

From THE SUN'S Correspondents at the Front.

HgiLanon, May 23.--Hetlbron was occupied
by the British yesterday. Gen Broadwood ob-
served a large Boer convoy leaving {n a north-
westerly direction and after a brilliant stern
chase and shelling of the Boers with pompons
andcannon he outflanked them and captured
thirteen wagons and nine prisoners. There
were ho casualties among the British.

Hontxa SpPRUTT, May 22, 7:30 P. M.—A resi-
dent of this plaoe, which Gen, Roberts reached
this morning, has shown THE RUN'S corre-
spondent a sketch which he says discloses the
Roer position at the Rhenoster wagon langer
Fast of the railway the fighting position, or
what would naturally be the fighting position,
fa unoccupied. On the west of the railway it is
said that there are 12,000 Boers with fifteen
guns, inoluding one Long Tom. The Boers are
not entrenched but their position affords nat-
ural cover.

All the bridges have been blown up.

Commandant Weesels has tendered the sub-
mission of himeelf and his men.

CHASED BOERS PROM MAPEKING,

 

Garrison and Relfeving Columns United tn an
Attack After Siege Was Hatsed,
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN

Lorpon, May 23.—The War Office has received
the following from Lord Roberts:

“HONING SPRUTT, May 22.--The following has
been received from Baden-Powell dated May 17:
‘Il beg to inform you that Mafeking was success-
fully relieved to-day. The northern and south-
ern columns joined bands on May 15 and at-
tacked the enemy on May 16. After a smart
engagement the enemy was completely defeated
with loss. The British casualties were three
killed and twenty-two wounded.

“ “The relieving forces marched into Mafeking
at0 o'clock this morning, and the reiief and de-
fence force combined moved out and attacked
the enemy's head laager and shelled them out,
They nearly captured Spyman, took one gun,
a fiag and a large amount of ammunition,
stores, 40, Five dead and fifteen wounded
Boers were found. The enemy appeared to be
retiring in all directions except one commando
which was lying low, possibly to cover the re-
treat of the remainder.

“Tne townspeople and the garrison of Ma-
feking are heartily grateful for their relief.’ ”’

The Pail Mali Gaeetie'a Mafeking correspond-
ent eends the following despatch under dare of
May 17;

“Greeting! The town is wild with joy. Many
persons were so overcome by their feelings of
gratitude that they wept when the town was
relieved.

“There was intense enthusiasm as the troops
marched through the town, The
scarcely realize that they have been relieved

“IT have just made a tour of the enemy's
trenches and the filth is indescribable

“The railway to Kimberley is already being
repajred and {tis hoped that communication
will be reéstablished within two weeks.”

This ia the first unofficial despatch that has
been received from Mafeking since the rellef of
the town.

NOW SAYS “FIGHT ON."

 

KRUGER

 

Unconditional Surrender Out of the Question
~Other Leaders Also Determined.
Special Cadle Despatch to THE SUN.

From THR SUN'S Correspondent at Pretoria.

Pretoria, May 20, via Lorenzo Marques,
Mav 22, 9 P. M.—In aninterview on the situation
to-day President Kroger said unconditional
surrender was out of the question. The Tran--
yaal, he declared, would fight on until most of
its burghers were dead. .

“But,” he added, “there {s plenty of I!fe left
in them yet.”

{nfluential clergyman of the Transvaal burgher
church, and who is known to be an opponent of
the Kruger Government and was a bosom
friend of the late Vice-President and Com-
mandant-ieneral Joubert, was interviewed to-

altered the route that Gen. Buller had
breveribed for him and tried to occupy day on the aia si and probable outcome of
Vryheid, from which place he was told | the war. Hesa

“The two republics may be orushed by the
overwhelming forces of the British, but the na-
tional spirit of the Afrikanders will never be ex-
terminated. They will, just as certain as time
rolls on, rule South Africa, even if it must be
under a foreign flag"

The correspondent of THE SUN also inter-
viewed State's Attorney Smuts on the outlook.
Mr. Smuts declared that the Transvaal Gov-
ernment would be obliged to fight onto the
bitter end. Recent utterances of British
politiclans, Mr. Smuts said, showed that no
merey.would be shown to the two republics,
which were now aware of what their ultimate
fate would be. The war, he declared, would
not be concluded for a long time yet. He re-
gretted that Johannesburg should ba oom-
pelled to suffer, but the Government had no
choice In the matter, The pressure was too

a@reat.
BSTEYN DID NOT GO EMPTY HANDED,

Took Almost All of the Banks’ Silver When
He Filed From Kroonstad.
Speetal Cable Despatch to THE SUN
From THE SUN'S Correspondent at Kroon stad.
Kroonstap, May 21, 5:50 P,M.—Major Poore
of the Seventh Lancers, who {ts also connected
with the South African police, has been busy
from morning to night since his arrival here in
receiving arms which are being turned in by the
burghers and fn Issuing passes. The arms are
all carefully examined. The Major must have
issued at least fifteen hundred passes up to the
present time. Several of the Boers who sur-
rendered have been sent to Cape Town,

the Boers had departed. A squadron under
Major Goff hurried ahead and walked Into a
trap. The Boers mowed them down with
Malin guns and the squadron finding retreat
Impossible advanced and fought until they were
Within twenty yards of the Boer rifles. The
British lost tive officers and sixty-three men
Killed. Capt. Goff was killed and ¢ ‘aptain the
Farlof De Ja Warr was wounded and appar-
ently taken a prisuner

The atest information concerning the
Mtuation at |aing’s Nok confirms the reports
of the probability of the Roors making a strong
defence there, The Stondard’a correspondent
at Neweastio says that Commandant Lucas
Mever's Natal army had fled in alarm,
ba no Boers in Natal, but since
aie commando, coming from
‘ fe Btate and not affected by panto like
ommandant Mever's men, have occupied
Laing's Nek reénforcements have jofned them
nd they are now rapidly intrenehing and
Mounting a big gun on Ponwant Hill, which is
said to bea second Majuba,

on @re two or three reports that the
. vd done hy the Boers to the railway tunnel
rough Latng's Nek ia much less than was to

*xpeocted from the quantity of dy
tye sli iuantity of dynamite

 

 

Pi inaineote have restored Newcastle's
PRY. which was cut off by the Boers

od they retreated from the town
eae oe quantity of Interesting gossip about
Sateneed et ! or ing of Importance, except a
cia mi the Mail * correspondent that
mer besiagers of the town while fleeing

to the Transyvani were overtaken by the British Tur Sun's correspondent understands that
and Surrounded. The result is not stated and Paul Botha, a representative in the Orange
the story nerds confirmation. Free State Volksrand from this place, tried
TWo guns of the ( to make an arrangement with President

UT Of anadian artillery shared in

o ‘Charles Warren's fight at

bd incident shows that the rebela were ina
: me that was unsuspected here

inset to the Timea from Fickeburg

nd uesda states that a Brilish patrol

gy ‘hat town and found it deserted, the
“Shaving retired to Bethlehem, The land-

Post y }
Wer om local member of the Volksraad
“CAD Ture

_ Stern to accept the occupation of the town and
leave the seals here, Piet De Wet, who offered
to surrender on certain conditions, tried to pre-
vent the burning of the woods sheds

President Steyn carried away all the silver in
the banks here except about £5,000, The banks
will hardly feel the loss

Douglas

800 Colonial Rebels Surrender.

Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN
Lonpon, May 23.--A despatch from Kimber-
ley says 800 Colonial rebels have surrendered
to the British at Vryburg

he Timee's
Marques
f State

correspondent at

Lorenzo
Confirms the story that the family
Secretary [iets of the Trans-

Seventy-seven Hotels, 1s

1 from +
of ° ye to Alteen minutes you can reach

Yat! SGrand ork Notels from the New York

‘ral Stat
land of start frome ay eat biace In New

Carl H, Schultz, 430 to 444 Ist Avy,, N.Y,

Pure and correct mineral waters manufactured from
distilled water and chemically pure ingredients.—
Ads.

  
  
 
   
 
    
 
   
   
   
   
     
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

people |

The Rev. Mr. Bosman, who ts by far the most |

 

‘ING ON TIGHT.

QUIGG TAN

OBJECTS TO WITHERBEER FOR HEAD
OF THE COUNTY COMMITTER,

 

Party's Good, He Has Apparently Regretted
It--Testimontal Dinner Was Set Afoot, but

Platt Wouldn't Go “Until He Retires,”

A despatch from Washington printed in a
Republican morning newspaper yesterday, an-
nouncing thar Senator Platt had selected the
Hon, Frank Spencer Witherbee of 4 Fifth
avenue, New York city, to be the successor of
the Hon. Lemuel Ely Quigg as President of the
New York Republican County Committee, at-
tracted a great deal of attention ia Republican
circles. Mr. Witherbee anid, after reading the
despatch, that his selection was news to
him, and he rather thought there was a mis-
take somewhere, because he was a voter in Es-
sex count?. Still, as a matter of fact, Mr

Witherbee has been a New York business man
for twenty veara with an offloe in New York

|
|
Since He Promised to Quit, for the
'

city; and he spends nine months in the year tn
this city, It would be easy enough for him to
qualify as a voter in New York city. The situa-
tion concerning New York Republican county
affairs has become so acute that itis time to
tell what has occurred within the last week,
President Quigg ata caucus of the Republican
County Committee last Thursday afternoon in
the Metropolitan Life Insurance Building, 1
Madison avenue, announced that he would very
much like to remain President of the com-
mittee in order to conduct the fight for the
Republicans during the forthcoming Presi-
dential battle in New York county, and also the
Mavoralty fight next year Mr. Quigg made a
very frank statement as to his wishes and
finally after some discussion the caucus voted
that he should not resign on Thursday night
last, as many expected he would do. The fol-
lowing evening Senator Piatt arrived from
Washington, Hemet a numberof Republicans
at the Fifth Avenue Hotel and on the following

day at his office, 49 Broadway, other Republicans
talked with him as to the successor of President
Quige.

President Quigg has said in his public utter-
ances that he desired to retire as head of the
committee. “for the good of the Republican
party "The Republicans who talked with
Senator Platt last Saturday presented the name
of Mr. Witherbee and said that he would make

asplendid man to head the New York Phin |

fight. LaterMr
ce and Mr

ule
Platt sue-

cans in the forthcomin
met Mr. Platt at his o
gested to Mr. Quiga that Mr
would be an excellent man for President
of the New York County Committee. Mr. Quigg
has been silent as to what oceurred between

himself and Mr but

Platt on that occasion

eminent Republicans who talked with Mr Platt,

later on Saturday said vesterday that Mr.

Quige ealed the attention of Senator Platt to

the fact that Mr. Witherbee had been a voter

in Fssex county, As a result. of the conver-
| sation between Mr Platt and Mr. Quigg there
} has been no final selection of Mr. Witherbee to
be Mr. Quigge's successor A great many

Republicans talked with yesterday seem to

belleve that Mr. Quigg, notwithstanding his
| pubiic utterances, now desires to hold on io his

place
It may be said that a majority of those who
have talked with Senator Platt onthe subject

believe that it would be very rnuch better it a

member of the Republican County Committee

could be selected for Mr. Quigg’s successor.
| Many Republicans have suggested the name of

Alexander T, Mason. Some objectio: was made

to Mr. Mason yesterday on the score that his

health was not quite robust. Other Republicans
suggested Lispenard Stewart, who isa brother-
in-law of Mr. Witherbee, and who served with
distinction in the State Senate ten years ago
Mr. Stewart fa a man of lelaure who could de-
vote his time to the onerous duties as President
of the New York County Committee
President Quigg's changes of mind were not
quite understood by Repubiteans vesterday
One Republican leader sald;

“The Hon, John Babine Smith, who ia nota
Republican leader of any district, bas been
around town within the last week or two in an
effort to get up a public dinner at which Mr
Quigg was to be the guest of honor. The idea
| of this dinner was to rehabilitate Mr Quiae in
| York county
attend this din-
| to do 80 Mr
that he would attend any
| Quigg’s honor after Mr. Quigg
de ntof the New York County
Ro the dinner proj-

New
to

etreles tn
invited
he refused

Republican
Mr. Platt
ner and
Platt said
dinner in Mr
had retired as Presi
Committee and not before
ect fell through.”

Since then another acheme hasbeen broached,
It was to the effect that within the next week or
so, certainly before the next meeting of the Ke-
} punnees County Committee on June 21, a nurn-

er of Republican Assembly district: leaders

wis

|

| Ber td call upon Senator Platt and protest
against the proposed retirement of Mr. Quicg
as President of the committee One ol the pro-
posed members of this proposed committee said
yesterday that this project was still in abey-
ance,

As a matter of fact, the snecessor of Mr
Quigw will not be selected until Senator Platt
has hada final talk with the Hon Benjamin B
Udell, Jr, chairman of the Republican State
Committee Because of the resolution adopted

by Congress yesterday to adjourn on dune 6,
Chairman (dell is

! California,
weeks

Some of Mr Quige’s friends said last night
that Mr Quigg believed that If he was set aside
as President of the County Committee anume-
ber of the leaders would come out in oper re-
volt. Benator Platt has heard this story a num-
ber of tines. He has pooh-poohed it.

One or twoo!t President Quige's friends in
the County Committee have believed thar the
better way out of the trouble for Mr, Quiga
would be the selection of dummy offloers of the
committee, such as President, Treasurer and
| Secretary, and that the real power should be

vested in an Executive Committees, of whieh Mr
Quigg should be the active member, or rather
| the dominant influence. It may be said
| that this suggestion at one time waa
entertained. Gen. Francis V. Greene, however,
it was made known, would have nothing to do
with !t. Even those who have been friendly to
| Mr. Quiga@ said yesterday that no settlement of
this situation in New York county could be sat-
fafactorily reached until Mr. Quigg retired, once
and forever, from every official place connected
| with New York county Republican affairs. The

oriticiam all along has been that President Quigg
in his management of campaigns has brought
about but one result—a violent prejudice

ainst the nepuonoan Party organ{zation in
New York county

now hurrying on from
He has ent short his vacation two

 

 

EASY TO DESTROY THE MINES.

State Engineer of the Transvaal Says Fifty
Men Could Do It in Two Days.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THE SUN

From THE SUN'S Correspondentat Johannesburg

JOHANNESBURG, May 20, via Lorenzo Mar-
ques, May 22,6 P.M.—-The correspondent of
Tum SUN here bas had an interview with Mr
Klimke, the State Mining Engineer of the
Tranavaal, on the report that the Rand gold
mines were to be destroyed Mr Klimke said
that personally he was opposed to any such
terrible measure. He knew also, be said, that
President Kriger and the Government were
opposed to any such arbitrary action

But if such a course was thought to be necea-
sary for military reasons, he felt sure that fifty
men with unlimited supplies of dynamite at
their disposal would leave nothing intact alone
the whole of the reefs, either on the surface or
underground, in a period of two davs.

 

ANOTHER NOTE TO THE SULTAN,

Not an Ultimatum, bunt a Firm Reminder That
His Debt Is Due.
Special Cable Despatches to THR SUN
| Lonpow, May 23.—~A despatch from THe
RUN'S correspondent at Constantinaple, which
was sent on Monday and came by way of
Philippolis, says the Ameriean Legation has

resented another note to the Sultan, It ia not
nh the nature of an ultimatum, but is much
stronger than the first note
CONSTANTINOPLE, May 23
' by Chargé d' Affaires

The presentation

i ! tiriseom oof =the new
American note demanding a settlement of the

| claims of the United States has greatly im-

| pressed the Porte, which thought the affair had
been postponed, if not abandoned,

Found Shot on a Park Rench.

Aman supposed to be Louis Smith of 337
| East Ninety-fifth street was found dead in
| Central Park last night witha bullet wound in

j the left temple His body was found on a
| bench on the East Drive by Policeman Farlev of
| the Park squad

 

Mount Pleasant House, White Mts, has its repre-
@entative, Mr. Ll. ii. Bingham, at 3 Park place. Ado,

Witherbee |

 

 

— eee eee ———$ $$ ________

 
   

\I/ Vif 4s
WS

YORK, THURSDAY, MAY 24, 1900,-COPYRIGHT. 1900, BY TH
|

FIVE STATES MILK PRODUCERS,

 

They Decide to Continue the Fight Againat
the New York Milk Association,

Binouamion, N. ¥, May 23° Representatives
of the Five States Milk Producers’ Association
metin this city to-day anddecided tocontinue
the fight against the Milk Association of New
York for higher prices It was the largest and
best represented meeting ever held by the asso-
ciation, over 500 delegates, representing every
union in the association being present, Thia
morning the members of the Exeentive Com-
mittee were closeted for several hours with
James J, Bennett of Brooklyn, counsel for the
association, and the situation was thorough-

ly gone over. It was agreed that the
lirst step should be toward = preventin
the adulteration of milk. This was the CAUSE OF}
the oversupply aud waa accomplished by em-
ployees of the milk dealers skimming do’
rich milk that showed butter testsof 10, 15 an
20 per cent. to 4 per cent, thus obtaining cream
ata cost of 82 cents per can, There was not a
place in New York or Brooklyn where milk was
sold by the drink, Mr. Bennett said, that even
his ‘pe roent. was not adulterated with water
he Executive Committee also talked over
methods of disposing of the milk on hand It
Was proposed to establish creameries and con-
vertitinto butter and cheese, which will bring
higher prices than the milk sold in New York
The commitioe decided to recommend that the
fight be kept up, and when the convention
assembled in Odd Fellows’ Hall this afternoon a
large majority of the delegates expressed thems
selves in favor of Aghting it out

A resolution was adopted allowing each mem-
ber of the association to use his diseretion in
selling his milk until Joly i. After the confer-
ence the Executive Conimittee gavo out the fol-
lowing for publication in New York papers;

"The Five States meeting was attended by
five hundred representatives of various unions
Inquiry on the road showed that 2,600 cans of
milk are being withhelu, and as much more held
in New York at two cents per quart, the farm-
ers’ price, A Very strong sentiment was ex-
pressed by the delegates present to take further
action, but no further action will be taken by
the organization at present, leaving it to thein-
dividual members. The assoctation emphatl-
cally denies that it is in any way endeavoring to
increase the retail pric’ of inilk in New York.”

TO SEE.

COUNCIL THERE

cry

 

Detroit Street Car Tracks Ordered Torn Up
and City Offictale Watch It Done,

Dereor, Mich, May 23 —-Workinen of the
Street Railway Company put tn a curve at Gra-
fiot and Mount Elliott avenues last night to
connect the tracks of the Detroit and Citizens
Railway. To-night, before 6 o'clock, the tracks
were torn up by order of the Common
Council in the presence of that body, city off-
clala and officers of the Street Kailway Company,
The city is prosecuting lawsuits against these
companies, and public feeling toward the cor-
porations is too amiable as a con-
sequence of establishing five-cent fares, <A
few days ago the companies secured a permit
frotu the Board of Public Works to make the
connection by way of a curve. Neither the
Council nor the Mayor was consulted, because
the verporation Counsel had advised the Prest-
dent of the board that he had full power to
grantithe neceasary permit,

Yesterday afternoon. the companies pewan
the work of putting in the curve. Notice o
theSfact was communteated to the Council,
That body immediately ordered necessary
papers to be drawn up to enjoin the companies
trom proceeding, Judge Donovan signed the
necessary process. Deputy Sheriffs were de-
spate hed to the scene and proceeded to serve
the process, The foreman of the gang refused
to stop. work or, order it stopped. He was
protuptly arrested and taken to jatl After-
ward the gang completed the job and at day-
light phis mornifia@ the two roads were con-
nected,

Mayor Maybury Promptly called the Common
Council in extra sessionand that body aa
prom ry adopted a resolution calling upon the

jourd of Works to put the streets back in the
peheton they were in before the curve Was
AL

Having done this the Connet!, proceeded in a
body *ta.the scene to see that the order was
obeyed to the letter. Manager Dupont pro-
tested, saving that he had an injunetion, but
as he produced none the workmen quickly tore
np the rails and disconneoted the two ines

none

DISCIPLINE FOR JERSEY TROOPS,

A Sharp Rebuke for the Second Regiment of
the National Guard,

TRENTON, N.J., May 23. -Col. Quincey 0. M
Gillmore of the Second Regiment of the State
Militia created a sensation tn military circles
to-day by issuing general orders in reference
to the conduct of some of the companies on the
occasion of the field day last week, The regt-
ment went to Flizabeth and on the return trip
some of the companies discharged guns from
the car windows at Elizabeth, Rahway and New
Brunswiek The order save that this conduct
endangered the lives of citizens and filled the
people at the stations with consternation, The

conduct is strongly condemned as unsoldierly
andimproper. The order continues:

et ahowe a want of discipline and fnability
on the part of the company commanders to

| properly iaintain order and control of their

nen Such conduet, { repeated, will cause the
people of the State to regard the member of
the regiment with a,feeling of apprehension
and contempt, and subject the company officers
to trial by court martial In the future, when
any organ zation is ordered from its station, It
is directed that. all offlcers remain with their
men and it is further directed that all com-
t iny Conmmanders at once institute a vigorous
nvestigation and prefer charges against all
men in thelr commands who diacharged their
pieces without authority on. the 18th Inat,
with a view to having them dishonorably dis-
charged from the military service of the State
of New Jersey

 

CARTER HARRISON FOR PRESIDENT.
Possibility That the Hltnots Delegation May
Be Instructed for Him,

Cureaco, May 23 -The Record, the acknowl-
edged mouthplece of Mayor Harrison, printed
the following this morning:

“Mayor Alarrieon’s name may be presented
to the Democratic National Convention Dem-
ocrata in the State outaide of Cook county be-
lieve that. the Harriaon~jahan-Burke-Loefflier
machine will not be averse to going to Kansas
City with a State delegation uninstructed or
definitely instructed for Harrison for President ”

It is said by local Democrats who have been
watching the recent political gyrations of Har-
rison, Gahan, Burke and Loeffler that the real
reason why Harrison gave it out that he was not
a candidate for Governor was because he and his
administration trainers had their eyes fastened
on the convention hall in Kansas City. Country
Democrats who are loyal to Bryan have got word
that the Harrison machine Democrats believe
that the Democratic National Convention offers
large possibilities in the way of a stampede,
This is on the assumption that nine out of ten
of the delegates who will go to Kansas City
to yote for Bryan know in their hearts that he is
the wrong man to put up for President this vear.

HAY ENTERTAINS THE BOERS.

 

They Are the Guests at a Luncheon Given by
the Secretary and Mrs, Hay.

WASHINGTON, May 28,
sela and Wolmarans, the Boer delegates, and
Mrs. Fischer, the wife of their leader, were
guests to-day ata lincheon given by the See-
retary of State and Mrs, Hay. Theonly official
of the Government present other than Secre-
tary Hay was Dr. David I Hill, the Assistant
Secretary of State; Mrs, Hill, the Misses Hay
and some other ladies were present also, It
was an informal affair, attributable to the de-
sire of Seeretary and Mrs, Hay to show their
appreciation of the courtesies extended by the
Boor people to their son, Adelbert 8. Hay, the
United States Consul at Pretoria, The luneh-
eon was distinctly personal and unofficial, and
had noreference to the official status of Mr.
Hav or the Boer delegates

President MeKinley and Secretary Hay were
very much impressed with the personality of
the Afrikanders, and Mr. Hlay haa not hesitated
to tell hia friends thal Mr. Fischer ls one of the
most eloquent men to whom he has listened
Out of the intercourse between the President,
Mr. flay and the delegates has apparently
grown 4 feeling of deep mutual respect, and it
is believed that the delegates understand and
appreciate the international obligations which
compelled the Government to deciine to take
the initiative in another offer to Great Britain
designed to bring peace to South Africa

In speaking of the plans of the three envoys
Mr. Fischer aaid to-day that itis their purpose
to visit mpont of the large cities of the country
and hold meetings to explain to the people the
conditions in South Africa. T
avoid any partisan demonstr:
any particular party.

Boers wish to
in favor of

 

E SUN P

|
ortation Club and the comptro

| the one copy.
Mesera. Fischer, Wea- |

 

DEPEW'S 200-MILE SPEECH,

TELEPHONED IT WERE FROM
WASHINGTON LAST NIGHT,

HE

Senator Couldn't Come Over to Attend Trans-
portation Club's Dinner, so the Ratlroad
Men Pat in 60 Kecelvers in the Banquet
Room and He Talked to Them by 'Phone,

The Transportation Club, whose quarters are
on the top floor of the Hotel Manhattan
and of which Senator Depew fs the Presi-
dent, gave {ta annual dinner last night
Until yesterday afternoon, it was expected
that the Senator would preside at the
dinner Then he found it would be
impoasible for him to leave Washington and he
telephoned to that effect to George H. Daniels,
Vice-President of the club and general passen-
aeragent of the New York Central. Senator
Depew said, however, that if some arrange-
ment could be made he was willing to give the
diners a little talk over the long distance tele-
phone from his residence in Washington begin-
ning at 0:30 o'clock.

Mr. Daniels told the Senator that the sugges-
tion was great and he would see what could be
done. He communicated with the telephone
people and they sald they guessed they
could fix {t, Accordingly, a force of
men was sent to the banQuet room and over
in the southeast corner a telephone was rigged
up with sixty receivers. So rapidly did the
men work that everything was ready when
those bidden to the dinner arrived, They didn't
know, however, what was in store for them.

When the coffee and cigars had gone round
Mr. Daniels arose and told the diners that he
was rattling around in the place of the Presi-
dent of the club, who had found it {impossible to
leave Washington. “But,” said Mr. Daniels,
“to paraphrase the Scripture, though he be ab-
sent yet shall he speak. Senator Depew will
make usaspeech over the telephone from his
residence in Washington at half past 9."

Then the Central's general passenger agent
went on with one of those talks for which he is
famous among railroad men and some others,
in which he had fun with neariy everybody at
the table, and put everybody in the best poa-
sible humor

master-General Thomas L, James,whose speech
was upon ‘Transportation and the Maids

Just as Gen. James sat down the bell at the
especially rigwed telephone rang. The secre-
tary of the club answered it, a connection was
established with Senator Depew's house, and
then sixty of the diners took up the sixty re-
oeivers and heard the following apeech

“Gentlemen -I have spoken to 90,000 people,
This is the first time I ever made a speech 200
mileain length. Distanoe {s easy fora railroad
man, however, It js his business to overcome
it fle has rapidly annihilated space by steam,
He intends to kill more of it by electricity
This isan experiment for the fastest Ume on

record by wind -or compressed air) When this
syatem: is perfected and the statesman can talk
thousands of miles, with a switeh atevery sta-
tion, the results will be incalculable

ov Koosevelt, from Albany, could inspire
the whole State by one effort with a strenuous
life. Col Bryan from Omaha could speak
sixteen ways with one speech. The effect upon
the ciroulation of doouments and newspapers
may be disastrous, the world will become
hearers and not readers. With Congresstonal
orators thus distributed in every home, the
family circle will never appreciate its blessings
until they enjoy them.

“The only men who thoroughly enjoy them-
selves are the active workers on the railroads
‘They can work for the benefit of the public and
play for their own pleasure, as the peoplein po
other pursuit are able to, Speed, signals,
switches, curves on the one hand, and millions
of people to be hurled in safety and comfort
from one end of the country to the other, on the
other hand, give to the railroad man concentra-
tion, vigilance and quick perception. — He car-
riea the same qualities inte aport He sees a
joke before other people have dreamed
there was one; he perpetrates — jokes
so subtle that for a year afterward his friends
in continuing procession are giving him enjoy-
ment because they are Just catching on 18
railroad man gets there. The whole art of
aiiccess in the flerce strife of modern competi-
t is

tion is to get there, but to @et there first.
application of David) Harum's
‘De

the practical
famous maxim ‘Do unto the other fellow as he
would do unto you, but do him firet.'

“When a convention of railroad men reach

any town the whoie place knowa they are

there. They are like that quality of Bourbon
whiskey, whose flery spirit, the moment it gets
down, telegraphs back. ‘Ih Rail-

ecause they come in contact with

ave arrived.’
road men,
and transact the business of every profession,
vocation and pursuit, are experte In Coen
vue
on hand for hard times when the earnings
are very lat@e by making 4 statement which
revents stockholders from taking it at all

all. They know how to keep a au

hey know how, when earnings are falling off,
to show prosperity in the utillzation of this sur-
pins by also making a statetnent — It ia the
character of these staternenta which has given
the railroad comptrollers who mabe up the Aly,
tithe of ‘ol

reports the well-known
At the hend of this professfon is Mr.

nual
reliables.’
John Carstensen, the aroretary of the Trans-
ler of the New

fork Central Railroad

“The poet laureate of England, Mr. Austin, lias
been giving us lately verses on the British vie-
tories and reverses in South Africa The cable
says that these verses are poetry. There
is more poetry than there is in a
dozen poems of Alfred Austin, in one
booklet of General Passenger Agent George
H. Daniela, describing the attractions for the
tourtst in the scenery on the New York Cen-
tral. There is more romance in Daniels when
ne goes the scenery act on the Central by script
and ploture thanin any score of the popular
novels of the day. That is the reason that our
qo general passenger et has won and
leservedly bears the tide of ‘Truthful George,’
“We railroad workers are unlike men in other
professions. They cannot atand chaff Weecan
give and take, enjoy the giving and love the
taking if the giver and the taker are both ar-
tista, and railroad inen are all artists

“the finest exhibition in the world of indus-
trial@ life is the

e rolls of
nited States They the picture
practice of intelligent industry, of
spirit, of akilled jabor in the service of
of ublie contributluns to good |
the general welfare, which has |
come to appreciated by their [fellow
citizens, The railroad man can be as good
a_ soldier and as falthful and valuable an
eenciel of the State or Government a4 the pro-
easional man, the farmer or the worker in any
other pursuit. Let ua honor our profession; let
us demand that it be accorded the honors and
the privileges which are enjoved by every
other pursuit, let us stand together in the pride
of the profession which makes our living and
our careers

‘Good night, good luck and a good time
The Senator's closing words raised a storm of
protests from those who hadn't heard the
speech. The Secretary then asked the Senator
to repeat it

“sorry,’” said Mr. Depew, “but | only have

million of employees upon
railroads of the

resent

the

and
public
the public, o'
citizenship an

The Secretary explained thesituation, and so,
after a little, Mr. Depew repeated the speech |
to sixty otber diners, who took the places o
the original sixty at the receivers, Bach tine
the speech was delivered it was greeted with a
storm of applause

This was the first time in the history of the

 

} telephone that [thas been used for this purnose

The other speakers af the diner were
John 8 Wise, Major-Gen. Brooke, the |
new commander of the Department
of the Kast; Rear Admiral Farquhar,

commanding the North Atlantic station, Chape |
lnin Jones, United States Navy; Jchn A,
Sieicher, Henry Folger and the Rev. G. A,
Carstensen, Inthe course of hisspeech Admiral
Farquhar said

 

"In the Untted States Navy are the bestships, |
the best men and the best guns of any navy in
the world, but we haven't got enough of them

| And I want to say that ff we're going into the

colonizing busines we've got to have more
Without a larger navy than we have we'll not be
able, | ain afraid, to hold the new possessions
we have now.”

, WASHINGTON, May 23.-The
greatly elated over his
afterward said [to a SUN
waa marvellous, “Why, continued — the
Senator, “I could fear the laughter |
and applauae just as if 1 had been present and
enjoying the feast. I think ftone of the great. |
est wonders of the age. Even the Washington
superintendent of the Telephone Exchange
congratulated me upon the success of the
venture =

Go to O'Nelil's for Garden Hose,

Lawn Mowers, and other outdoor goods; you can
Duy the feliable kind cheaper there thin in any other
New York store. 6th Ave., 20th to 21st St.—Ade,

'
( |
Senator waa |
siiceess = and |
reporter that it}
|

 

RINTING AND PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION.

He called upon Willlam 8 Hawk |
to talkjupon “Transportation and Accommoda-
tlons " Mr. Hawk was followed by formor Post-

|
|
|
|
|

| he had engaved her for Irish parts, but that che

:

PAY
!

f a
\
.

j — i i

v

*

ann SESE

NEW BOAT MAKES KNOTS,

Hritish Turbine Terpedo Boat Destroyer
Cobra Heats the Viper's Record,
Spertal Cable Despatch to TUK SUN

Lonpon, May 24.--It isstated that the new
turbine torpedo boat destroyer Cobra, which
has Just been completed on the Tyne, has
beaten the Viper's record, making 45.486 knots
perhour. The Admiralty is arranwing a long
series of trials forthe Viper, which also has
turbine engines, in all conditions of sea and
weather, It is possible that further tests of the

Cobra will be made at the same time

45,886

 

 

FIREBUGS OPERATING UPIOWN.

Five Incendiary Fires in Three Weeks and
Two Persons Burned to Death.

The tenants in the five-story flat bouse at
1225 Lexington avenue smelled smoke yester-
day afternoon, The janitor found that the
plaster and latha had been removed from under
the staircase leading from the basement to the

first floor and that three old brooms lad been
yet on fire and pushed into the hole. The
brooins were taken to the Kast Bighty-elahth
street police station, and Capt. Frers put three
detectives at work.

Five incendiary fires have occurred in the
neighborhood since May.t, In one, that at 1901
Park avenne last Monday morning, two per-
sons Were burned to death Battalion Chief
McCartney of the Fire Department bas asked
that householders berequested to have their
cellar doors locked and to furnish tradesmen
with kevs. This, he thinks, would keep the flre-
bugs out,

 

 

TO STUDY BUN'S COMPOSITION,
Columbia's Observers Will Make an Original
Observation of the Eclipse.

Dr. 8. A. Mitchell of the department of as-
tronomy of Columbia University announced
yesterday that an original investigation would
be carried on by the university expedition to
observe the eclipse in an attempt to learn what
metals exist inthe sun. To accomplish this the
sun's corona will be made the special object of
study by means of so-called flash spectra, anew
kind of Rowland convex grating and quartz
lenses in the place of the prismatic camera used
by Prof. Young q, Princeton, who conducted
the first investigations on this subject. Prof
Young found that iron formed the largest part
of the sun, but other metals are supposed to
exist there In large quantities, and the Colum-
bia observers hope to verify or disprove these
aurmises Dr. Jewell of the Johns Hopkins
University observatory will assist the local
party tn their investigations,

BEFR DRINKING ON CLASS DAY.
Columbia Stadents to Introduce Novel Feat-
uresin This Year's Exercises.

The Mass Day Committee of the senior class
of Columbia University announces the Intro-
duction of athletic features in the class day ex-
ercisea this year. It was with antisfaction that
the committee received a suggestion from the
university authomties that a regatta be held
by the crews.on that day. Capt. J. W. Mackay
has obtained permission from Dr. Peet, the
coach of the crews, to hold the regatta which
will consist of races between eights, fours,
paired oared birges and single sculls

The other class day events will be somewhat
out of the ordinary in their nature, as follows
210 yard dash, obatacle race, three-leaged race,
throwing the carpet perpen. Pyle the gun
shot, with a handioap beer-drinking_ contest.
ane gaines will be held on south Field on

une 9

 

PELL FROM CAR WINDOW.

Train Was Gotng Fifteen Miles an Hour, but
the Child Was Not Hart.

Anna Wortz, the three-year-old daughter of
Mrs. Mary Wortz of Vernon avenue, Rosebank,
Staten Island, fell yesterday morning from the
window of a train of the Staten Island Rapid

Transit Ratiroad between the Rosebank and
Clifton stations. The train was going at the
rate of fifteen miles an hour. The mother

turned to one side to arrange her skirt, and
when she turned toward the child again the
little girl had disappeared The train was
brought toastop at a signal from Brakeman
Benjamin Ravyeraft, who had been standing on
the rear platform and had seen the chid fall
out of the window. He hurried back with Con-
ductor Williams apd found the child lying by
the track erving lusiily. The child was un-
hurt,

 

DARING WESTERN GIRL,
“Buffalo” Jones's Daughter Captures Alive
a Rocky Mountain Lamb.
CARBONDALE, Col, May 28. -Miss Olive Jones
has, by a daring explolt, captured alive the
firat of the six Rocky Mountain sheep to be sent
to the Smithsontan Institute. The animal ts
only a few weeks old and was caught in the
mountains near Redstone. The girl saw the
mother hide the young one on a precipiious

ledye

“Buffalo” Jones tied a rope under his
daughter's arms, swung her over the brink of
the cliff and lowered her to the ledge below
Then, with the lambin berarms, the girl was
pulled back tothe top. Jones is working for
the Government and has aspecial permit trom
the State of Colorado

TO WORK SIBERIAN MINES.

Californians Gotng With 300,000 Worth of
Placer Mining Machinery.

San Francisco, May 28--Fifty-two ex-
perlenced California minera will soon sail for
Manchuria to work placer mines in Siberia and
Manchuria, for which Victor Grot, a well-
known Californian expert, obtained concessions
two years ago. They will take with them
$300,000 worth of improved mining machinery,

Phe Siberian mines are 150 miles from Chit
and in Manchuria the mines are 550 miles from
Tientsin

ANOTHER FAGIN IN TOWN?

 

Magistrate Saye Well-Known Thief Is Train-
ing Boys to Steal.

When Samuel Agronick of 203 Fast Fighty-
ninth streetand Wolff Marens of 17 Eldridge
street, both 16 years old, were arraigned yester-
day in the Gates avenue police court, Brooklyn,
charged with robbing Mrs George Tunison of
72 Herkuneratreet of a pocketbook containing
$450 Magistrate Brenner said

“There are a lot of bays who are being trained
bya well-known thief in New York to come
over here and pick up pocketbooka and I be-
lieve you to be one of therm,”

 

Passenger Agent Timpson Fatally Injured,

Brrraro, N-Y., May 23. -Thomaass. Timpson,
general Kastern passenger agent of the Lake
Shore, wastatally burned early this morning

) by anexplosionina room in a house on Onk
|

street. The alarm was given by Stella Burdell, |
the keeper of the house. Timpson was found en- |
veloped tn flames, The skin fell from more thar |
half his body when he was taken to the hospi- |

|

tal, but in spite of his terrible suffering he re-
maimed consclous until noon Fire din a waste-
paper basket cansed an explosion of gas escap-
ing from arubber tube leading toa table lanip |

 

 

Mr Timpson came here from New York ten
yenurs ago and was one of the most widely |
known menin the trattie business He was 5s |

years old, 4 veteranef the war and an aide-de-
camp on the staff of Commander Shaw. A wife
and daughter survive him

 

Jerry Simpson Sells tis Newspaper.

Wicnita, Kan, May 24. Jerry Sitnpron to-

day sold his pewspaper, Which the new owners
will continue to rin in the interests of the Fue
sion candidates. Sirmpsen has retired, he save
beenuse he has too much other business but
politieal friends say ftis his intention to come

juarely ent as a Democrat within a short
tine Simpson expects to be returned to the
Senate

Wages, Brogue or No Brogoe,
Elma Gillette obtained a verdiet for $315 be-

fore Justice Conlan in the City Court yeste rday

against Joseph Murphy for breach of a contract
to employ her at $95 9 week as leading actre
inthe season of Tsis-is00 His defence was that

couldn't put the browue on thick enough

O'Neill's Great Sale of Hats
isthe talk of the town. Never before bave Women's
Straw Hats been sold so cheap. They are selling the
latest styles in Dress Shapes at25e each 6th Ave,
20th to 21st Sk Ade

 

 

ee ee

Cloudy to-day; showers in the
afternoon or evening,

eT

—

PRICE TWO CENTS,

SHOT DEAD BY STRIKERS,

THIRD ViCcTIn
STRIAE A

 

 

Or THE st, Lovig
SPECIAL POLICEMAN,

 

Killed While Guarding the Motorman of a Cag
Kun Through a Disorderly District—Cone

stant Rioting During the Day-Company

Makes No Attempt to Run Cars at Night,

ST Loris, Mo, May 23+ The sixteenth day
of the street car strike was marked by renewed
rioting, resulting in one death and several more
CAastiialtios

The attempt to op on the Cass avenue Ine,
which runs through the district known as
“Kerry Patel,” Wis resisted, there being prag-
toeally one coutinuous riot along the route,
When the police sneceeded in dispersing the
rioters at one point they reappeared at another
and renewed theie attacks upon train crews
and euard

At Twenty-third street and Cass avenue Dune
can K Mackoe, a special policeman who was
enrolled on Monday, wes shot through the

Inngs, dying a few minutes later while being
taken to the dispensary in an ambulance.
MacRae was onthe front platform of the car
to guard the motorman when he was shot. Ha
Was 6) years Of daze and came here from Kansas
City, where he was a member of the Street
Railway Piaployees’ Union of that ety,

A few minutes later, at Eifteenth street and
Cass aveniuc, inanother riot, Kdward Mant, 8
years old, was shot, the bullet lodging In bis ioe,

Along Cass avenue every kind of missile was
bunledatthe cars from the roofs of houses
Hundreds of vitrified bricks, which had been
placed along side the street for sewer repaira,
were thrown and broken Near Fifteent
street a brute bonfire wes built in the middle o
the tracks The Fire Department was sume
moned to extinguish the blaze, it being ime
possible for the crews to handle it,

Av attempt was made to operate the Union
Hine, but was temporarily frustrated by a barrie
eade on the tracks on Biddle street. A string of
cars was taken down to Ninth and Biddle withe
out much trouble, but here the road was
blocked. All the lines in operation yesterday
were ruu to-day. There were more cara oper
ated on the various lines, and they were started

ont earlier in the morning than heretofore,
turning in at 640 ocloek to-night. Manager
Baumbol says that under present conditions {

would be unsafe to run ears at night, and cone
sequently no such atternpt will be made for the
present i

COU RT+¢MARTIAL FOR LIEUT, MARTIN.

Charged With Forging Receipted Bills for
Goods Delivered at the Post,

FE. 1. Martin, Second Lieutenant of the Fifth
Artillery, isto be tried to-day at 10 o'clock by
court-iartial at Fort Hamilton on three charges
of forgery, according to General Orders 115

 

jasued by Major-Gen. Brooke. The prin-
cipal witnesses against him = will be cfvil-
juns representing the Campbell Milk Com-

pany, the Hall Safe'Company and ©, A,
Bilharz, a cigar dealer of 170 Third avenue,
At the time the alleged crime was committed
Martin was treasurer of the post exchange and
canteen at Fort Hancock, where Major Bur-

bank's battalion of the Fifth Artillery is_sta-
tioned. Mertin wasalso In command of Bat-
tery A during the absence of his Captain. O-
eording to the charges, he forged receip
bills of goods from the three concerns men-
tioned and then retained the money whioh, ap-
parently, had been paid in settling them, The
amount in none of the ares cases exceeds $100.

Discovery of the alleged forgery was made
when Bilharz and the other copoerns sentin
their accounts a second time for collection.
Lieut. Martin haa been under arrest since
Monday,

| jeut.-Col. Tully McCrea of the Fifth Artille:
will preside at the court-martial and TAeut.
Brooke Payne isto be Judge Advocate. The
other officers assigned to the court are Capt.
Thomos KR Adats, Capt. Lula Lomia, Capt.
Samuel FE. Alien, Capt Thomas Ridgeway, Cant.
Warren P Newcomb, Lieut. George G, Gatley
and Lieut. Osear J. Straub of the Fifth Artillery
ene Lieut. T F. Dwyer of the Elahteenth In-
antry

J.jeut. Martin entered West Point from th
State on June 15, 1804, and was graduated Apri
26, 1808, when be was assigned to the ; wonty-
first Infantry. He was transferred to the
Fitth Artillery on Dee, 24,1808. Hehas a cer-
titleate of merit from the War Department for
saving asoldier from drowning at Governors
Island, and soon after that he Jumped Into the
surf at Sandy Hook and rescued a little girl.

TWENTY+TWO KILLED IN A MINE,

 

Lamp Causes an Explosion at Cumnock, N, O.
Twelve of the Men Were Negroes,

Raneron, N. ¢., May 23.-Cumnook, thirty
miles from here, was the scene of an explosion
inthe coal mines yesterday afternoon. Twenty-
two men, ten of whom are white and twelve
negroes, loat their lives. The explosion {s supe
posed to have been caused by @& lamp. The
accident was in what is known as the east head-
ing Retween forty and fifty men were jn the
mineatthe time, Five were brought out alive
from the eaat heading, while none of the men
in the other parts of the mine was injured

The names of the whites killed are John Cone
nelly, mine superintendent, Joe Glass, William
Tyseon, James McCarthy, John Hankey, Westly
Clog, Jobn Willett, Join Gathewood, Robert
Gattewoor

Within anhour after the explosion the work
of rescne began, aud by night all the bodies ex-
cept one had been broughtto the top, John
Connelly, the mine superintendent, «ame here
about three years ago from Pittsburg, Pa,
This ia the seeond explosion this mine has had
within four years, the former one having oc-
curred on Dee 2s, 1805, when sixty-three mea
lost their lives

MeVICTORIES,

   

REBELS CLA

 

Colombian Agent Here Also Gets a Report of
an Attack on an Feuador Town,

A. J Restrepo, confidential agent of the
Colombian Provisional Government, received
advices vesterday, telling of the progress of
the revolution. These despatches assert that
the Government forces have been defeated in
several small engagements and of the failure
of anattack on Tulean, Eeuador, by an army
of combined Colombian and Ecuadorian forces,

he despate® from Maracaibo says: Mail
from the encampment has been received. Gove
ernmentarimy defeated in several partial ene
gagewents aud is in full retreat. Revolution
spreading all over and Liberal army marching
toward Bogota "'

A despatch from Quito says: “Combined
Colombian and Ecuadorian Conservatives ate
tacked yosterday Tulean, Ecuador, and were
totally routed by Ecuadorian. forces, Hope
Government at Bogota will condemn such out
rage.’

RAILROAD,

SOLDIERS

SUE
Damage Snits of the 60th Men Against the
lL. und N. Now on Trial in This City.

The first of aseries of abouta hundred damage
suits brought against the Louisville and Nashe
lroad by members of the Sixty-ninth
before Judge Lacombe
tates Cirouit Court.

ville R
tewiment on trial
anda jury inthe United

Phe suite were brought to re over Gamages for
injuries wtained in a collision at Hughes
Siding, Ter vijle the regiunent was on the

wav fo Chickanwusa during the war with

Ik ctionin this first ease was brought
imes Roddy to recover $3,600 damages,
Tie complaint alleges that the engineer ran the
tras r train round a curve at @ regkiess rate
of speed and thereby caused the accident
Roddy's suit isa tost case and the decision will
cover the other sults

 

Mrs, Agnes F. Yord'’s Unhappy Married Life,
Cntcaco, Mav 2s) Mrs. Agnes FP, Ford, fore
merivof New York city andat present agent

for the New York Life Insurance Company in
the Marquette Budding, occupied the withes

stand to-day before Judge Chetlain and told o

the infevicity whieh attended her married life,
S irees her husband, Ernest W. Ford, fore
meri: ' yew Yorker, a member of the
Produce Bxachange and aclubman, with habite
ual drunhkenne Poon-support Testimony
on these two pointe onl is heard to-day and
t! ‘ enti 1 May 31

City Confesses Judgment to Molineux Dee
tectlye,

Charhes [leidelbers, a detective employed by
the District Attorney to wateh the movements
of the jurors during the trial of Koland B. Moll-
neux, obtained a judgment against the city
yesterday onan offerot tie Corporation Coune
sel for ’5,800. Eis chain wits $5,8s1

If you order Ponimery know you are getting

the finest Champague in the world, and there's 6 gee
deal of satislaction iu that.— Ade.

 

a

Oe RIN as