gh

{  \

'
|
|

a

oS a ©. EE

ee eee
Ss <s

pe Se

=

sey

a np EE a ee PE I eS REINS DS AED SS apse

er”

w

ee ee ey

    

GUARDIAN ANGEL JAILED.

POLICE WANT TO KNOW ABOUT AFR
DAY NURSERY COLLECTIONS.

Never Heard of the Institation, Which Lots of
People Have Keen Subscribing To There
In a Norsery, Though-One Child (a Ten-
ant’s) in It-Angel Has Gathered to $200.
There is hardly a store or an offles on the
lower West Side that has not in the Inst few
months been visited by a quietly dremed, el-
derly woman who, wit) the remark that she was
collecting nites for @ nursery, would place a
thin rnemorandam book bound In red leather
before the person received her At the
top of every other puge inthe book was printed
this notice

who

COLURCTION Hook,
The Guardian Angel Nursery,
OS Varick street
Organived, TAOS
Cares for Babies and Children of Poor Working
Women of Any (lass or Creed
Weare very miuchin need of funds to establish and
@arry on this most worthy charity, and earnestly ap
peal for help
Mrs FRANK TERNEY,
MRS. W. LL. DINSMORE,
Mis, M.A, WILLIS, Treas,

Lady Board of Managers

The book contained nothing about the name

or authority of the collector, but as she did not

ask fora large sum she usually received a con-
tribution without further inquiry Nurme after
name was in-eribed in the book until half of its
pages were full and some five hundred persons
had centrifuted about $200 in sutns ranging |
from twenty-five cents toa dollar

The woman came out of the house ates Varick
etreet about 18 o'clock vesterdny, and the
familiar red book inher hand seemed to indi-
caie that she Was starting out on another eol-
jection tour. She had only gone 4 few steps
away from the house, however, when another
elderly woman rushed upto her aud snate hed

 

 

ther dbook outot her hand, There followed
@ lively quarrel, which brought Policeman

}to the spot. All he could gather was

» second wornan had taken the book and
would rather wo to the station than
give it up The first woman seened
unwilling get into trouble, even as
a complainant, but ye consented at Just to
charwe the oook snateher vith larceny. Scheel

 

placed her wider arte tand the three went to

 

 

  

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

the Macedo: sal street stattor The owner of
the boo id there that she was Mra. Bridget
T Redmond, managerof the Guardian Angel
Nursery [he prisoner deseribed herself as
Mrs. Anne Kelly of tact dseon street. When
asked for an explanation she sa d she would tell
verything to the Judge

= In Jefferson Market eourt later Mrs. Kelly
began to talk as soon as she stood before
Magistrate Zeller, She eharged Mrs Redmond
with collecting mone vatndeer ise@ pretense
a ddeclored that she had grabbed the book |
from the woman solely for the purpose of
wetting t natter belore a Mawistrate

“Tana widow 4 two children, she said

th are in St Joseph's Asvium because I
poor to take ¢ f the rm yoman
has been ¢ n r ying
that she hada ' i :
inh el er ‘

Mrs Redmond se ibarra d She |
adinitted that st y one cniid the
nurser it prose ' t she hadn't had
many tnore for some tine, t said that an |
epidemie ol et r oad compelled her to
pend hildren away some time ago,
and that she dared not take them baek until
she had secured new quarters Mawistrate
Zeller ordered her locked up till this inorning
to give the poliee a chance to investigate the
nursery Mrs, Kelly

red book was intrusted to Policeman Scheer

The house at 08 Varick street is: @ four-story

  

brick building on which no sian appears that
any part contains the Guardian Angel Nursery,
butwhen a Sux reporter, after much pulling

 

of bells and knocking at doors, sueceeded in
gaining an entrance to the basement, a Woman
told him without hesitation that the nursery
was rnaht there and that it contained a single
infant at present

“That's my own child, though,” she added
not without pride "Oh, ves, we have had
more children here, but that was before me and
my husband moved inp here three weeks ago
We have rented the basement from Mrs Ked-
mond, you see, and she is keeping the first floor
for herself. Now allof usare going to move
There is something wrong with the sanitary
what-d'ye-call-'ein here ‘m going to be the
matron when we've found anew house ’

Tiere were tenantson the two upper floors
who bad hired them since September Their |
actions seemed to indicate that they took a
lively interest in their fellow-being, bur none of
then hadever noticed any children in Mrs. Red-
mond’s rooms

‘Kut TE know she has a nursery,”

vas discharged, and the |
|
j
}

said one of

  
 

{applying the pring
i the administration of

 

GOLD DEMOCRATS AT SEA.

 

They Wont Support’ Bryan and Say They
Can't Support McKioley.

INDIANAPOLIS, May 23 4iold Democrats
from various parts of Indiana assembled here
to-day to consider what action they shouid
take inthe coming campaign in view of the
almost certain candidacies of President MeKin-
ley and William J. Bryan, Inthe informal talk
about the hotels, the members of the confer-
enoe seemed to be a uniton the question of not
supporting either of the prospective nominees

When the conference met, these views were
modified somewhat, and it was regarded as the
best pulicy not to take any formal action in re-
spect to State and National conventions till the

two parties have made their hominations, Sev | for it

eral of the leading members of the conference
differed from these views, but 4 compromise Was
reached by an agreement to issue a statement
and show the country where they stood, and
{f Bryan and MeKinley are both nominated,
then to take steps for putting another ticket
in the fleld

Loul4D. Howland, John G Wiliiams and John
P. Frenzel were chosen a Committee on Resolu-
tions, and reported the following, which were
unanimously adopted

“We, National Democrats of Indiana, assem-
bled in conference at Indianapolis this 28d day
of May, 1900, do declare:

“We condemn emphatically the
advocated by the so-called Demoeratic party
that the Government can Jegisiate value into
silver or any other commodity, and oppose as

dangerous to the public credit and fatal to the |

national honor,the demand thatthe Government
should admit gold and silver to free coinage at
the arbitrary and artificial ratio of 16 to 1
we insist that this issue is not dead. On the
contrary, Mr. Bryan is at the present moment

a candidate for the Presidency on a platform
in Which that issue has a prominent place,

“We oppose the Chicago platform of 1566 not
only because it favors free silver coinage, but
because itattacks freedom of contract, assails
the Federal Judiciary, denies the right and

ower of the President to enforce the laws, and

ibandons the well-established Democratic doc-
trine of tard’ for revenue only. It is nota
Demoeratic platform,

“We believe it tobe the duty. of all. good
Democrats to oppose the nomination of William
J Bryan, because he is an unsate, an unsteady
anda dangerous nan. There was a tine when
the Democratic party would not even have
thought of accepting its candidate at the hands
of another party. But now. it is expected to
take not only its Presidential candidate but its
Vice- Presidential candidate as wel, and also
its platform from the Populists,
inet in convention at Sloux Palis

‘As Democrats, we denounce Popul
deeply regret its conquest of the
party, We shall refuse to help in any way to
secure the election of Bryan on the Chicago
platform, or any other platform, or of any
other candidate on the Chicag@ platform

“We fully realize and admit that there seems
atthe present time to be no practical way of
iples in which we believe to
the Governinent For

 

 

 

 

 

  

who recently |

|
doctrine, |

And |

—————————

A HUNCH IN THEPOOLROOMS

TIP OF A HUMP-BACKED PEDLER

BRINGS WOE UPON THE BOOKIES. |

He Made the Rounds Predicting That Anne
Oldfield Would Win the Last Race at St.
Louis Bet Himself, and the Crowd, Rub-
bing His Hump, Bet Too And She Won,

Allof the poolroomson the lower Fast Side lost

heavily on the last race ran at St. Louls vester-

day. Insomeof the rooms the losses tleured
up more than of money
taken tn during the day
said that the New York rooms never had such
bad luck before, A hunchback was reaponsible

Of course, itis well known that racing

about hunchbacks,

But the little

twice the amount

 

}imen have a superstition
which partly accounts for it
man who caused the bookies all the trouble
yesterday, seemed queer anyway, and last
night the poolroom men were anxious to find
out who he fs

The East Side poolrooms opened for business
at 2 o'clock yesterday afternoon Promptly at
| that hour the hunchback appeared ata down-
town room. He was about 60 years old and
wore along beard. On his back he carried a
peddler’s pack stacked with wire rat traps, an
| awinging by a rope from his shoulder were half
| a dozer wire coat racks

“We don't want none of ‘em, said the door-
keeper grufly. ‘‘Skeedoo!""

“What should 1?" aeked the hunchback.

“Skeedoo! Getout!”

“But Lvill a racehorse play,” explained the
pedler. “Ll vill some bets make mit der pool-
| room.”

“Got any mazuma?”
keeper

“LT got dotfora bunch to make der bet on,”
said the pedier, exhibiting a roll of bills, and
the doorkeeper jet him pass. He went into the
room and adjusting a pair of spectacles exam-
ined the cards on the @all

“Vhereisit for St. Louis?” he asked @ man

 

 

|
|
1
j
|

inquired the door-

|
| ;
| near him
out. ‘“‘Dere'ssix of dem, five sellin’ an’ a handi-
i cap, Ky de time dey start you wont have a

nickel to bet for yer got about two hundred
other plugs to bet on on de udder tracks

 

| Ar

| hunchback

Nehinlevism we have nothing but abhorrence
There is hardly a Democratic doctrine which
the present Republican Administravon has tot
violate tor threatened to violate, The Dingley
Tariff law embodies as bratal an abuse of the
taxing power as the American peop! have
ever seen The denial to the Porto Ricans of
the rights of American citizens, the mposis
ton ot a tariff on the trade between the |
United States and Porto” Rico, the trankly |

avowed purpose to treat Porto Rico and the
Philippines as subject provinces, the threatened
passage ofaship subsidy bill, which is known
to be favored by the Republican leaders in Con-
creas, (he levying of large assesarents on ins |
dustries that have been or are to be benefited
by special legislation, for whieh they are ex
pected to pay by vielding to the demands made |
on. theta} by cumpaign committees, and the
flowering of Hannaism and spoilism in the
thievery and the corruption recently unearthed
in the Cuban Administration, inake it impos-
sible, as it seems to us, for any Democrat to |
support Mr. MeKinley |
We charge the Republican party with being
the direct cause of the growth of Populism Fer
years it has legislated in the interest of the rich
and powerful. Tt has taughf the people that
they ought to look to the Government for relief,
whenever they were in difficulties.”

A coneluding resolution extorted all Gold
Demoerats to stand by their colors, and main-
tain their organization, and expressed the be-
jiet that astandard was raised in this city four
years ago that all Democrats would some day
rally around to erush out MeKinleyism

LEPT HER UMBRELLA IN MIS ROOM.

That's Why Young Mr. Mayer Is Now Being

 

them, “and I've heard she used to have many | Sued for Rent.
small children there | ,
©. & Larson of 49 Grove etreet, the agent | Mre. A. D. Treland, owner of the bachelor
for the house, knew also that) Mrs— Red- | apartment house known as the Crotsio, at 218
mond was connected with a nurserv: and ‘ee) cath: Wa Meee kins : :
thought even that he remembered having seen | Fifth avenue, has begun an action aganst
three or four children in the place at some time | Edgar A Maver to recover threa months’ rent
when he was collecting the rent, but he wasn't) alleged to be due ona broken lease, George C
aure . ‘ :
“Ttisrighton my post, and T have been there | De Lacy, counsel for Mrs. ireland, appeared in
for quite a while,” said Policeman Scheel, “but the City Court on Tuesday and made a
sushicion of there | motion to plae@ the case on the short term

 

|
hi never had the talnte |
veing A nursery in that house’ |

There are many Tierneys and Dinsmores and |
Willises in the City Directory, but not one whose |
initials correspond with those of the three “lady
Managers” of the Guardian Angel Nursery |

NEGRO LYNCHED IN COLORADO,

Banged by a Mob at Poeblo Where He Had
Mardered Two Girls,
Denver, Col., May 23

Calvin Kimblern, the |
negro who murdered two girl |

it the Orphans’

 

 

     

Home in Pueblo, Col, last Sanday was hanged
by a mob iinmediately upon his arrivalin Pueblo
from Denver Just mieht The lynehing was
Planned and is Keneraliy approved, as there is
no capiial purishient under the laws of this
Btate

The negro had been eaptured in this city and
in spite ol tis protests was curred back tothe |
scene ofhis erune Within tive nonutes after |
the arrival of the train at the Bust treetstas |
tion, Pueblo, several thousand ‘rsons Were |
aroundit.  's ern was pushed out of the
front door ot the sinoking carand into the hands
ofthe mob \noose, one of many whieh had
been prepared for lim, was cast about bis neck
The crowd at once seizedit) | Kimblern was ap-
parently dead from the moment. the noose
struck his neck two blocks ! sta-
tion is a tail “Er wHiK |
negro was dragges The ”
and others were heastil
body was drawn up one ot the knots inive way
and the body fell, ‘This happened a second

time, but the third attenipt was successtil
Mavor West, in the centre of the crowd, called
in vain for order

ENGLISH DLFAULTER CAUGHT,

London Solicitor Arrested in San Franctsco
Wholesale Robbery of Clients,

San Francisco, May 23 Julian Tragenna
Biddulph Arnold, senior member of the firm of
Klighley & Co, London, solicitors, was arrested
here to-day by the United States Marshal and
wil be held pending extradition upon a charge
of embezzling $15,000 belonging to clients of the
firm

Arnold left Fngland with his wife on Varoh
24 and came directly to this country. Upon
{Information received from the British Consul
here, detectives had been on the wateh fo
Arnold tie was finally located through the
Post Office where he applied for letters ad-
dressed to Mrs Edith Clark, an alfas assumed
by his wife Arnold admits that he is guilty of
of embezzlement, andsayshe is willing to ree
turn to London

 

There have been some sensational disclosures
recently in London of wholesale robbery of
clients by solicitors and some arrests have been
made there The detaleations thos tar discoy-
ered are said to amouy! to several millions
Arnold's firm is responsible for part of this and
one of Arnold's pactuets is under arrest in
London

 

  

WHOLE FAMILY POISONED.

Mother and Her Three Children Had Been
#ating Cream Cheese,

The Horwitz family of mother and three

children were poisoned at i166 Allen street yes-
terday by eating cream cheese purchased ata
provision store at S8 Stanton street Imimedi-
ately after eating of the cheese, the et Idren,
Harry, § years old, Goldie, 8, and Benjamin, 2,
were taken violently ill with syvieptoms of
ptoinaine poisoning The mother, 7i Hor-
Witz, Was 4 affected, but not so severely.) The
ponee were called in andswent the children to
jouverneur Hospital Afterward they arrested
the proprietor of the store, Morris Machson

 

 

 

Harvard Papers to Be Sealed For 100 Years,

Boston, Mav 23.--W. CC) Lane, librarian of
Harvard College, bas announced that about
eixty of the Journals kept by instructors and
students {n the Univer-ity have been reeeived

 

and filed away. About one hundred and fifty
photogaphs have also been received A large

 

 

  
 

number of themes writt by menibers of the
English com tion co » have also been
filed away this is for the series to be opened

one hundred vears from date to show present
life in the college
Going Out of Town Decoration Day?
If you are and need a suitease to complete your
eylpment go eC sel sfor it, and you will secure
or less money than you would pay elsewhere, 6th
Ave., 201b We 2istSk~aAde,

calendar, The motion was granted and trial
was set down for Friday morning before Justice
Scnnehman

In her complaint Mrs Ireland savs that the
Croisic is an apartment which the
apartments are leased for the exclusive use of
mien: that the defendant, Maver, leased apart-
ment No. 27 for the use of himself and brother
during the suromer of 1890, when their parents
closed up the family residence at 23 Fast
Seventy-fourth sireet
tend from May 1 to Oet

of $85, and that on June 10 the Mayers suddenly
moved awey, thus breaking the se
“Theappearance ofa woman in the bache-
lor apartment house eaused all the trouble,’
said Mr. De Lacey yosterda “Tt seems thot
ittendant whe was on duty in the house on

une dO meta wornan inthe hall, and when he
ed her where she was going she said that

 

house, in

 

  
 
  
  

 

 

she had forgotten to take her umbrella from
tt partments of Mr. Maver when she left
there early that morning. She wanted to go |
back toMr. Maver's apartments, and the at-
tendant told ber that it was against the rules of
the house for women to be there He ex-

 

eet) it is being greatly
earn that she had beenin the apartments, and
siid he would report the matter at onee
of talk among the other tenants, [hen Mr

Maver came around and there were some
words passed, and that day he moved out his
effects, He had paid the rent up to the last day
of June, but refused to pay the balance due on
the lease."

Maver engaged Ricaud & Maver to look after
his interests, and they iminediately brought a
counter suit for damages, claiming $618 oo
his answer he allegea thaton June 10 the plains
tf, through het
defendant and his family to eecupy the apart-
mente, and thereupon he tendered the keys to
her agent, who received them, or in other words
that the lease was broken by the agent of the
landlord

Mr. Mayer refused to discuss the case vester- |

day, but his brother said that the woman re-
terred to in the case was a relative,

Str Richard Webster Now Lord Alverstone.
Special Cable Despatch to TRE SUN
Tonpos, May 23.-The‘title taken by Sir
Richard Webster, the newly appointed Master
f the Rolls, upon his elevation to the peerage,
s Lord Alverstone

 

 
 
  
  
  
 

     
         
   
 

o Dont
Fool witha fan

It's a useless exertion. There's
more concentrated coolness and
refreshing comfort in one glass of

HIRES

Rootbeer WY

than a family of fans \\
ean furnish. =_

Write for list of
miume offered

for labels,
Charles F. Hires Co.
Ralvera, Pa.

    
      
     

    
   

 

OTL LOAD IVA VTV2AA7A

AFTER DINNER»
COFFEE SETS.

d s
» The Mauser Mig. Co. ©

SILVERSMITHS,

» Ne ‘)

iff “ @
5 mace oe A) MAR .
4 p~ tage,

2 15th St., bet Bway &

NEW YORK.

5th Ave.,

that the lease was toex- |
lat a monthly rental |

surprised to |

The |
woman went away andthe affair caused a deal |

In |

|
agents, refused to allow the |

‘ | Orange, N.d
)

“Bulgl vil St. Louls bet, said the hunchback
“Onis on der behind race which comes last
mean not vill beton der tast horse, but der
race whichis, Dot'shername mit dot paper.

ne Oldfield; see?"
“Anny old thing yer mean,’
obliging informant

‘No, dot vill vin, sosureT live,” insisted the
He putaring around the name of
eight entries in the

remarked his

Anne O) dfield, one of the

 

fast race at St. Louts, and, remarking, “Dot is |
fine odas, tive for one, I vill it play before she
changes der price, went to the window
latelied “Receiver.” and shoved $20 in to the
bookie, ""l I vin dot you bet titty against

Anne Oldfle d, undt ten she gets a blace to $20
Vhat?”

A} right,” said the bookie

 

fty to ten on

   
 

 

  

and old-time gamblers |

| Africa because of
| eighty-one silver medals of the new

SAMPLE PILIPINO BULLETIN.

 

Aguinaldo'’s Representative Gives Out Some
Alleged Philippine News in Parts.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Panis, May 28. In the Potrie to-day Agon-
cillo, the representative here of Aguinaldo, pub-
lishea the following cable deapateh which he
alleges was sent from Manila yesterday:

“The American commissariat stores at Bin-
ondo were accidentally burned andin revenge
the American troops fired on inoffensive eltizens
who were walking the streets, killing and
wounding several

“Cannon have been |
Manila where uprisings are expected

“On the excuse of searching for
police are entering and pillaging
houses

“A big battle has been fought at Catubig, in
which the Amertoans lost 500 in killed and
wounded,”’

laced in the streets of

private

The fight at Catubig occurred about a month
ago The Americans, who were surrounded in
# church, lost about twenty in killed and
wounded

BAVARIA WARNS THE EMPIRE.

Speech by the Regent's Son Arouses Comment
of the German Press.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THE SUN,

Brriin, May 23. The speech madelast night
by Prince Ludwig of Bavaria, son of the Regent
Luitpold, in which he said that it was no favor
to Bavaria to belong to the Empire and de-
manding that the Empire should respect Ba-
varia's interests equally with those of the North
German States, Is debated editorially in most of
the leading newspapers which «enerally en-
deavor to dissipate the notion that a latent
state of war is prevailing between Bavaria and
the Empire

The National Zeitung says the speech ts cal-
culated to cause painful astonishment fn all
political circles even deeper than the displeasure
of the Court and the Government

 

The Lokalanzewer says that in view of the |

difficulties placed in the way of the canal

“Dere dey are, said the man, pointing them | gaheme the irritation fs justified, but it should

be aimed at Prussia and not at the Empire

MEDAL FOR GEN. GATACRE

the Qacen's Birthday Honors
Honors for Irishmen,

Special Care Despatches to THE SUN
LONDON, May 28. - The Queen's Birt hdav hon
ora include thirty-three gold medals, of which
Gen Gatacre, was recalled from South
defeata, one, and
Kaisar-i-

Included in

who
receives
Hind Order. The latter awarded «|
for service connection with the plagne
famine inIndia The new yatent of
to Lord Strathconaand Mount Royal vehi
Jared Bliss

are

and

 

 

only child, the Hon. Mrs. Robert
| Howard, to sucesed to it
Depnix, May 24. -Among the honors con-
| ferred on the occasion of the Queer 's birthday

| are knighthoods bestowed upon the High Sher-

Oidield rand twer t iforthe place
Some one remarked that it wouldt wky to
touch th inchbaek's hums A minute later |
Almost eve nein the room Ww rubbing it
He took it good 1 uredly nd iving advised
the crowd to beton Anne Oldfield, went out

Near the door he wrote on or the posts with
a plece of chalk Anne vill vin ist race.”
Wher he had gone alinost eve man in the
poolroom intimated that he d risk adollar or
five on Anne Oldfield ‘The same thing occurred
in another poolroom which the hunehback
visitad two irs later Afterward he went to
anotherand another going all along the line
making bets and announcing that Anne Oldfield
would win) Ineach place he marked signs on
the racing cards He waa ejeeted from two
poclrooms for touting, but most ol the bookies
thoucht him erazy, avd believing that Anne
Oldfield had no chance whatever, bumored

 

  
  

 

their customers and give all aorts of odds
It Was about 7 o'clock in the evening when
the news from the tast race at St) Louls Was re-

 

ceived “Anne Oldtieid at odds of 5 to 1 wins |
easily,’ Was the messase Almost every man |
in every room hada bet on the horse, and the
winners seemed to wo crazy Men hugged each
other, cheered and threw their hats up to the
ceiling, and the bookmakers swore ato ther

clerks for allowing the hunchback inthe rooms
The hunchback, as he made the rounds collect-
ing his winnings, only laughed He hadn't his
pack with him then, and that’s why the book-
makers would like to know more about him

    

WOMEN COULDN'T RET.

Drove Up to Thetr Poolroom to Find It Closed
Vromissory Notes Seized?

During the betting lours for yesterday's

races a score of women drove to 316 West
Iwentieth street, the alleged women’s pool-
room that was raided on Tuesday night. Some
of them rang?! ” but gotno answer, Others

 

 

learned fro
CUrrlages

Among
their raid we
notes with at
these notes, it wa
natures of Inembers ¢

 

things captured by the

tis said, a lot of
rtal face value of $1,700
said jast night, bear the sig-
yf the Pequod Club

the
promissory

 

NOT REALLY A’ BURGLAR.

His Supposed Pals, Tried With Him, Back Him
Up, but He's Convicted All the Same,
dward Scherps, a truckman, happened to be
passing Michael Sveibel’s tailor’s shop at 74
Allen street at the time of a burglary there and
mouth, knocking out his front teeth, This pre-
vented his talking clearly, and he was indicted
under the name of Saith
That is what Scherps sald in General Sessions

yesterday,when he was puton trial, butin spite

  
 

| of itand though two other sell-confessed bur-
“lars, who Wwe tried with him forthe same
) robbery, stoutly asserted that they had never

seen him betore they were ai arrested, he was
| eonvieted of burglary in the third degree, The
other burglars are Samuel Sehwartz uf @ Lud-
jow street and Albert) Frankenstein of 164 Seo-

 

 

ond street They were arrested in Sveibel’s
shop oon the nightof May 1 Outside was a
wagon in which were $000 worth of the tailor’s
goods
schwartz and Frankenstein pleaded guilty
and testified that they had planned with a
is I-pigeon’ named Goldstein to commit the
| burglary, and that the ce pat Goldstein up
to Inring them into the crime Detectives

Cohen, Regan and Peters and two policemen
from the Ridridae street station were on hand
when they broke into Sveibel’s shop, the two
burglars said. They also asserted that, having
captured them, the police, considering the flan-
nel in the Wagon now of sufiicient amount to
make out a good case, themselves carried sev-
eral rolls from the tailor’s shop tothe vehicle.
Goldstein was allowed to escape, the witnesses
said, and Scherps, happening to come along,
was seized

There were five policemen to teatify that
Scherps was the outside man of the party.

WOMEN MOONSHINERS CAUGHT,

  
 

 

They Operated a Fifty-Gallon Sill fn a Wil-
Namsburg House,

Annie Glassman, 25 years old, and her mother,
Caroline Smith, 58 vears old, were arrested for
operating an illicit distillery at 454 South Fifth

street, Williamsburg, on Tuesday. They were
arraigned before United States Commissioner

 

} Moore in the Federal Building in Brooklyn
| yesterday They pleaded guilty and were
committed to jail to await the action of the
Grand Jury. Special Agent Thompson. said

that the wonien Were arrested in Passaic, N.J.,
in June last for running an illicit distillery on
Fighth street, in®company with Max Creger,
wioissaid to be the husband of the younger
woman, and that they were admitted to bail in
$1,500 each, after which they disappeared
Phompson finally located them in South Fifth
street A still with a eapacity of fifty
two barrels of sour mash and forty gallons o
raw spirits were confiscated

Armitage Watson.

The wedding of Misa Alice Lyon Watson and
Paul Armitage took yesterday tn Sr
John's Church, Bridgeport, Conn. The Rev
Dr. Exton Wo Maxewa performed the ceremony
at noon and was assisted by the Rev. William I
Lewis. The bride was given away by her father,
Gen. Th 1, Watson, Thore were no bride-

place

 
 

|

|

 

Some of |

 

| The widow refused

} in

imerick, and the
Physicians and

iffs of Dublin, Cork and |
Presidents of the College of
Dublin Chamber of Commerce

WONT TAKE “FIGARO'S" FUND.

Widow of Lieut.-Col, Klobb Checks Attempt to
Invest Money for Her Children,
Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN,

Paris, May 22. The court to-day decided in
favor of the widow of Lieut.-Col. Klobb, who
was assassinated by the commanders of a
French expedition in Africa, in her suit against
the Figaro. After the news of the assassination
of Lieut.-Col. Klobb the Figaro raised a fund
by subseription for the benefit of the widow
to accept the money be-

| cause of the paper's at tackson the Army during
| the Dreyfus case and the Figaro then propo-ed

to invest the money for the benefit of the chil-
dren, The court now holdsthat the Figaro had
no right to invest money for the children with-
out their mother’s consent

FRENCH DEFEAT ALGERIANS.,

Capture a Native Stronghold at Fatis After
Shelling the Place.
Sperta! Cable Despatch to THR SUN
Paris, May 23--The War (Offlee
the capture of Fatis, a native stronghold inthe

announces

without getting outof their | Algerian hinterland, by Col Menestrel’s colum
place had been closed, | The Fr
pounce in| " r

commander gave the nitives two
hours hich tosurrender, The natives did
not reply, whereupon Col Menestrel she
them with his artillery. The
ately fled. The French suffered no losses

WOMAN'S SUPFRAGE IN TONDON,

enemy immedi-

House of Commons Passes the Hill on Its
Second Reading Amid ¢ aeers,
Special Cable Desnatch to THR SUN

Toxpon, Mav 23--The House of Commons

: | .» iscussed the bill removi the politic
a detective thrust a revolver muzzle into his | to-day discu the pie political

disabilities of women in regard to holding oleae
the London borough The pill
makes women eligible for election as Aldermen
and Councillors. The bill passed its second
reading by a vote of 248 to 129 amid loud
cheers,

eouncils

ANXIOUS ABOUT KUMASSI,

No News From the Besteged Town tn the
Gold Coast Colony,
Special Cable Despatch to CHE SUN
LONDON, May 24. ‘The absence of news from

| Kumaas!, which place has been besiewed by na-

| tive rebels for some time, caused anxiety here

No information has reached the coast, The de-

} parture of reenforcements to the interior has

} been

{
|

maids. Archibald Douglas was best man and
! the ushers were fl. Percy Douwlas, George
|} Chapman, Henry Hornhostel and Dr Ernest }

| Valentine Hubbard. There was a large number

} of New York guests at the chureh ceremony and

| afterward at the reception given at the summer

| home of the bride's parents As Gen. Watson

was for years fleet captain of the Atlantic Yacht

\ the anchorage at Black Rock was crowded
steam and sailing craft

 

 

  

Barnum—Cocks,

Miss Marion Hutchinson Cocks, daughter of
Mrs John Jay Cocks, Was married to Richard
Nichols Barnum at 5 o'clock yesterday after-
noon in St. Ann’s Protestant Episcopal Church
on the Heights, Brooklyn The Rev Dr. Ree«sa
KF. Alsop, f the church, performed the
ceremony The bride's only attendant was her
eousin, Miss Marion Stevenson. Clarence M
Chester was best man and the ushers were Burr
Clark Chamberlain of Walton, Mass.; Gerhard
} Hutehinson Cocks of Brooklyn, John 8. Davis
j of Baltimore, William) A. Barstow of East
Lester W. Hall of Kansas City
and Alexander M. Speer of Pittsburg. A ree
ception was afterward given at the home of the

 

    

 

 

 

a 2
OPVQLi Ts VOC VAVLEVECED | Dride, 479 Clinton avenue, Brooklyn,

hindered by the difficulty in procuring

carriers, Those obtained are mostly girls

Reichstag Passes Meat Inspection Bill,
Specia! Cable Despatch to THE SUN
BERLIN, May 23--In the Reichstag to-day

the amended Meat Inspection bill was definitely
adopted by 4 yote of 163 to 123

 

Piatt's
Chlorides

The household disinfectant.

An odorless, colorless liquid; power-
ful, safe and cheap. Instantly destroys

‘lens. | foul odors and chemically neutralizes

disease-breeding matter.

Especially prepared to meet the daily sanitary uses
ofthe careful housekeeper; for purifying the waste
ipes, water closets, sinks, cesspools, ete.; for sprink-
ing about the cellars stables and all suspicious
places where disease germs lurk

Sold in quart bottles only, by druggists, high-class
grocers department stores and dealers in house-fur
nishing goods. Prepared only by Henry B. Plat

Platt Street, New York.

 

Used Exclusively at Table of

‘His Majesty
The King of Italy

Imported tn botties bearing a Isabel to this effect:
PRODUCED ON THE ESTATE OF

PRINCE BRANCACCIO,
OF ROME, ITALY

Absolutely the Finest and Paerest Olive Oil
Imported.
Sold y al M5 rocers and Druggists.
GENERAL; AGENCY, 1133 BOADWAY,
NEW YORK,

|

toot ithe

arms the |
| the student body ever heard from a Brown

|
|
|

|

leflv |

led |

" " . SPR T LgpeT ee

BROWN FRESHMEN STOLEN. |

imemaal
SOPHS KIDNAP THREE OF THEM TO
BREAK UP A DINNER.

Two of Them Rescued Down the Bay by
Vreshmen With the Ald of Longshoremen
ona Tug President Faunce Declares That
Hoodlumism at the University Mast Stop.
Paovipexer, ROL, May 28 The kidnapping

of three Brown University freshmen by sopho-

Mores last night to break up the class banquet

of 1009 this evening has furnished the sensation

vear ut Brown. It has elicited from

President W.H.P. Faunce the most scathing

iebuke tothe kidnappers that any member of

President and has insured the expulsion from
if they are convicted, of nine or tensoph-

 

'
'
{
|
colleg
omores, including, it) is understood, some 'Var- |
sity athletes and members of well-known fami-
lies in the city
Brown traditions say the sophomores’ duty
is to prevent a freshman Banquet This the
sopls, attempted two years ago when they
took the freshmen officers by boat at night to
Newport, where some of them jumped over \
board and swam ashore and got back to the ,;
banquet. President Andrews disciplined the |
culprits mildly
CV. Bumated of Jersey City, toastmaster,
AH. Abbott, Watertown, and W. H ag
Coneord, Mass., were the vietimns last night
Bumsted in a dress suit Was stolen away from |
a girl Whom he was taking to the theatre; |
Abbott and Hart after a rough an@ tumble
room flight were gagged and rushed into a@ cab
in their night clothes. Abbott is guarded in this
although his classmates have been scour-
ing Warwiek Neck for hit), as it was reported
he wasina barn there handeufted
Humsted and Hart were rescued from a cat-
boat down Narragansett Bay this morning by @ |
party of freshmen who hiredatug. ‘The sepho- |
ores class swears Vengeance on these ftresh-
Ineu because they got several longshoremen,
Whom they took alongon the tug as “erew" to
board the eatboat and thrash the sophomore
uard, weakened already by the absence of
seVeral meiabers who had gone ashore to get

water
President Faunee’s request that the students

 

 

 

 

remainafew moments atter chapel this morn-
ing visibly disturbed the devotions, for every
body swthata “lecture was coming. The
sophomores looked troubled, the freshmen

those that were not out scouring the State and
bay for their fe pleased. The President
spoke with @ravity

“Mor the first tine sinee T became \
dent,” he said, “L feel disgraced and that we
are all ed bya few hothead It now
appears that some persons whom we admitted
to Brown Universi! supposing therm to be
gentiomen, are really ‘totughs devoid! all good
breeding. Gentlemen, our president,
wisl ithat heod will not be
When we find astu-

lows

our presi-

 

 

disg

 

 

 

i warn vo imism
rated on this campus
i \

i hoodium we want him to get off the

      

earmpus at

\« your friend, working together with you
rthe welfare of Brown, [want you to make
for the ‘tough |"

“ has taken the incident too
ns te bethe general feeling among

They maintain that the kid-
papping was conducted in: r, clean tashion
Burnsted and Hart were treated
rovally on the excursio the bay Steal-
ing freshmen is prewty generally considered in
the “ite ry with the customary pum-

hoe

 

 

rohot here

   

 
  
 

  
 
  
 

 

 

Faunce to expel several sophomores since the
identity of the kidnappers will not be ditlienult
tooascertuin§ The President las striven to raise
the tone of college life in allits phases He has
most Vigorously enforced striet eligibility rules
for meubership on the athletic teams He says
he believes the existence of hoodlumism would
do more than anything else to keep away the
kind of students Brown\wants

It took a large force of police to get the fresh-
the class

 

men into their dinner At midnight
gathered on North Main street to meet its ball
nine returning from. Dean Academy the
sophomores charged them and they treely used
bats as weapons The pollee surrounded the
frestimen and although there was a scattering
fight for a half mile, during which Stearns,
‘Ol, Was arrested, 103 finally got into the hall.

EXPELLED FROM WITTENBURG,

Three Students Sent Home After a Mysterious
at the College,

May 23

Arson Case

SPRINGPIFLD, Ohio, Three students

 

 

  

 

    

at Wittenburg College, Clyde Douglass, Colum-
bia City, Ind.; Ellis Holser, Camden, Ind.; W
R. Seipert, Orrville, Ohio, were expelled last

hy the eollege faenlty after they had |

hrongh a rigid examination, They |

rst train out of the city to-day. It is |

reat the college on last Thurs- |
r the causes why tl tudents

ested toleave, but Dr BOF. Prince |

aA ! ere are other reasons whieh made |
possible f then to stay [he fire de.
stroved the sheds and threatened the dormi-

tor

HOUSE PROCEFEDIN GS,

Adjournment Resolution Passed Also Bll to

Provide for Neely's Extradition, |
WASHINGTON, May 22. Inthe House to-day, |
Mr. Grow (Rep, Vad, rising to a question of

vilege, denied ever having said that

rebel Meigs had cut Jeff
the Cabin John Bridge, near
reported ina recent publicas

personal pr

“the old

danined
Davis
Washington, as
tion

Mr. Payne
nittee on Ways

S hame on

NY.) reported from the Com-
and Means the resolution di-

President of the Senate and the
House to adjourn their separate
hod Iooe 6 ate P.M, and one to anthor-
ize the eo »to sit during the recess to
tormuiate a plan fer reducing War revenue
They were agreed to
ay (Rep, No YO, chat
m the Judiciary,
r the consideration ot the bill reported by
that comtuittee to amend section 5070, Revised
Statutes, soas to provide for the extradition of
sthe alleged Cuban postalembezzier, Con-
was given undone hour and twenty min-
ven for debate Mr. Ray. explained the
for the legislation and the change it
makes in the law

Che bill was then passed without a division

At 5.10the House adjourned until 11 o'clock
to-morrow,

Rep,

the

recting
Speaker of th:

 

nanof the Com-
wked unanimons eon-

   

 

 
    

 

hecessits

NEW OLEOMARGARINE BILL,

Substitute for the Grout Bill Reported to the
House Committee on Agricalture,

WASHINGTON, May 23.-A substitute for the
Grout Oleomargarine bill was reported tothe
House Committee on Agriculture this morn-
ing by tha sub-committee which had been
considering the subject. The bill imposed
a tax on manufacturers of oleomargarine
of $600 per annum, of $480 per annum
on wholesale dealers and $48 on retail
dealers, Oleomargarine istobe put up in pack-
ages of one or two pounds, stamped in sunken
letters, under regulations prescribed by the
Secretary of the ‘Treasury, and wrapped in
paper on Which “oleomargarine” is to be

rinted, with the name of the manufacturer
tetaill dealers are to sell the product in the
original packages only, to which the stamp is
affixed. The penalty for selling or offering to
sell, delivering or offering deliver oleo-
margarine ‘n any manner other than
that prescribed by this act is a fine
of $100 to. 8500 for the first offence and impris-
onment for from thirty days to six months,
while for each subsequent offence the fine is to
run from $200 to $1,000 and imprisonment from
sixty days to two years The substitute was
considered by the full committee to-day, and so
much opposition developed that the econmmnittee

adjourned until to-morrow without acting on
the bill,

lo

 

Proposed Amendments to the Philippine Bill.

WASHINGTON, May 23 -Senator Morgan of-
fered an amendment to the pending Philippine
bill which provides for the redemption and re-

coinage of silver coins of the Philippine Islands
and for the @stablishment of customs districts
of the United States in the islands The
amendment also provides for tree trada be-
tween the Philippine Islands and the United
States, and appiies the coastwise laws to that
traffic except that foreign vessels may engage
in the trade

Maw

Army and Navy Orders.

WASHINGTON, May 23.— These naval orders have
been issued

Lieut. ¢
pariment

Lieutenant Commander F. E. Beatty, © Navy Yard,
Washington, ,

Lieut, B. T. Pollock, detached from the Alllance
andtothe Dolphin. Ensign F. R. Holman, detached
from the Texas and to the Potomac. Lieutenant Com-
manderjJ. A. Norris, to War College, Newport, for
course of instruction,

Davis, to Bureau of Ordnance, Navy De-

 

* Assigned to the Naval War College.

Wasninaoton, May 23. Capt. Shoemaker,
Chief of the Revenue Cutter Service, assigned
to-day Second Lieut, Harry G. Hamlet of that
service, now in Baltimore on the Onondaga, to
the Naval War College for a course of instruce
Yoo. J nother man will be decided upon before

unel, *

|
|
'
|
'
}
| a
m { seniors as they go into theirclass }
supper on elass day night
The college conmmunity is expecting President
|

 

 

Special Sale Special Sale

Terminates Terminates
EN IETLEEE ITO

= Slightly Used =
AEOLIANS
& PIANOLAS

at Reduced Prices.

E offer for this week longer only a large assortment of Aeolians
and a few Pianolas at reduced prices.
These instruments have all been in use, The Aeolians have
been taken in exchange for higher priced styles, while most of
the Pianolas are instruments which have been loaned to customers when
waiting for special designs of cases.

Both have been put-in thorough order and repolished, so that in a ma-
jority of instances they cannot be distinguished from entirely new instru.
ments. They are subject to the same guarantee,

The cost of the Aeolian and the Pianola causes many of their appre-
ciators to deny themselves the constant source of pleasure which comes with
their possession. It deters others from investigating them.

This sale affords an excellent opportunity to obtain either instrument
at a greatly reduced price.

It will terminate Saturday, May 26.

Among the instruments offered :

Regular Apestal

Price.
Orchestrelles .....$1,500 $1,000
Grands, 50 550
Aeriol Pianos,.... 50 500
Aeolian Style 1500, 500 325
Aeolian Style 1450, 350 225 Princess (double reed). 1
Aeolian Style 1250. 300 200 Pianolas ...... sistiby BOO

A discount of 10 per cent. for cash will be allowed from the above figures
or the instruments will be sold on moderate monthly payments
In the summer home away from mustcal entertainment an Aeolian or a Pianola is

raptdly coming to be considered a necessity.
In many out-of-town residences the introduction of one instrument has led to the

presence of them both,

They are invaluable allies to the hostess, and an always available source of pleas
ure to the home circle. Symphonies, overtures, operas, or rag-time may be summoned
at will, Dance music ts always accesstble, for the instruments can be played by any one.

Aeolian Company, 18 West 23d St., N. Y.

Newark Branch-—Lauter, 657-659 Broad St.

Regular
Price.

Aeolian Style 1050,,..$275
Aeolian Style 750...., 230
Aeolian Style 800

Princess (Single reed)...

ae

$180
135
415
55
5
200

=e

5
5

 

 

CRUSH 10 SEE THE CASKET. | Ps

FUNERAL OF

HILLER,

THRONG AT THE
ECCENTRIC MRS.

 

Jostiing and Cartons Mob at the House,
Charch and Cemetery—No Visible Mourning
Among Those in Attendance—-Floral Pieces
Picked to Bits—Laaghter at the Grave.

Boston, May 28.—The funeral of Mrs. Frances
BR. Hiller, ‘The Lady of the Caskets,”’ at Wil-

¢
Infants
mington to-day was more of a spectacle than

| Outfitting Dept.

deference was shown to bier or mourners. The | . ’
crowd did not ecruple to jostle the mourners in | Children S Dresses,

the effort to get near enough to Mrs Hiller’s
famous casket to see its elaborately carved or-
namentation, and to make sure that the
enamelled photograph on theside was really a
pieture of the eccentric woman and her former
husband, the doctor.

It was really agreat day for quiet Wilming-
ton People began to gather at the Hiller
house, which is near the station, as early as 7:30 |

o'cloek in the morning, and between then and
0 o'clock there must have been tifteen hundred
who went to view the body which was dressed
in the wonderful satin shroud. Then, after
prayers, the lid of the coffin was put on and by
45 the funeral procession was op its way to
the mission chapel which eserves as spiritual
headquarters for the Wilmington end of St.
Thomas's Catholic parish of Andover

The funeral car, drawn by four black
horses wearing heavy black nets and decorated
with black plumes, was a flat black platform
with roof resting on four pillars, all heavily
draped with broadcloth, and the wheels were
concealed by heavy broadcloth hangings. The
bearers walked beside the vehicle and behind
came nine hacks, while along the road followed
the curious crowd, many on foot, some in car-
riages and others on bicycles

The chureh could not hold a tenth part of
those who tried to get in and the majority
sought sheltered spots, where they could eat
their luncheons. Solemn high mass was cele-
brated. It was at the tomb that the biggest
crowd gathered, for there all could see, and in
spite of the borrowed police from Reading there |
was hardly room enough for the undertaker's
men tu work, to say nothing of places for the
mourners. The floral pieces were plucked
to pieces as mementoes, The police were
powerless to keep the crowd away from the
caskets, and while the bearers were lowering
the inner casket into its brass receptacie, the
crowd was pressing against” their elbows
‘There was no solemnity about the matter avhat-
ever and people did not: seruple to Jaugh heart-
ily at the sudden exclamation of aman who
was pricked by acactus plant, And when the
casket had been lowered into the sarcophagus
and the. whole had been rolled into the tomb,
the Reading poli eman was wholly in keeping

in white lawn, colored dimity
and ginghams; also piqué
reefers slightly soiled,

at I their value,

Sizes 2 to 4 years

Lord & Taylor,

Broadway & 20th St,

 

 

PRINTERS IN CONVENTION,
Annual Meeting of the Allied Printing Trades
of New York State.

The annual convention of the Allied Printing
Trades of the State of New York began yester-
day in Grand Central Palace and will continue
until to-morrow evening, Alderman ‘Thomas
| D. Fitzgerald of Albany, President of the ore
| ganization, was chairman, and delagates a'-
tended from the principal cities of this State.
Resolutions favoring a State and a municipal
| printing plant were turned over to the Come
mittee on Resolutions. This afternoon Jolin \s
Keller, Commissioner of Charities, will take the
delegates on a tour of inspection of the institue
thons under his charee. A dinner will be tens
dered them to-morrow evening by the local
unions.

     

 

 

 

with the scene when he announced in a lone aaah

inne id : Royal Arcanom Supreme € ficers.
“There's nothing more to beseen now.’ He MONTREAL . ;

advised the crowd to move off, but they were ; w Quebec, May 98.~The Supreme

Council of the Royal Arcanuin which has been
in session in Montreal for several days closed
its work to-day with the election of the foliow-
ing supreme officers for the ensuing

Supreme Regent, W. Holt, Trenton, N
Vice-Regent, Joseph A. Langfilt, Pitts)
Pa. Orator, A. $8. Robinson, St. le :
Past Supreme Regent, FE. M. Schrvyver,

slowin going. Then the tomb was sealed up
Firensurc, Mass., May 23.—-Harry M Jeens
of this city, a nephew of Mrs. Hillerof Wilming-
ton, has a chapter {n his life that adds to the
many strange incidents surrounding the Hiller
family. He married his own half sister withont
knowing it, in 1893. Fouryears later Mrs. Hiller
told the wife she was her husband's half

year;

 

sister, and after some delay in the courts M secr

the husband's mother, Mrs. Mary Ann Jeens, ox Was’ Trcssarer E's Muinen anded,
filed a deposition that she was the mother both | N. 'Y.; Auditor, A. T. Twiner, Jr. Boston:
of HM. Jeens and of Elsie ‘Graham by dif- | Chaplain, W. W. Tompkins,’ Norfolk Va;
ferentinen A decree of annulment was then | Guide, H. 8. Puckhardt, Chicago, Warden,

issued, Elsie Graham had lived in his mother’s
family and Jeens was brought up to believe her
his niece. His mother urged him to marry the
girl and, as she was a charming girl, seven
years hia junior, he was agreeable

I. W. Canfield, New York; Sentry, Carl Moller
St. Louis; Trustees, W. i Bee 98, Ohio CH
Prentice, Hartford, and J. M. Jobnson, ( hicago.
he, Council will meetfnext year at Ashevi''e,

A Stove
that Saves

Saves money in the cost of fuel. Costs 14 cent
an hour for a burner.

Saves time and trouble. No dust, dirt, ashes,
odor, grease. Turn the valve (in front) and
light. Burns the same oil you use in your lamps.

And it’s perfectly safe,

Wickless

Blue Flame

Oil Stove

uals any stove for
efficiency. All sizes, |
for a family of two up
to a family of twelve.

If your dealer dves
not have them, write to

STANDARD OIL COMPANY, New York.

 

of @
of
in
th
pro
usin
ha’
to
has
and
and
the
wi
are
to
tha
Go
sp
wit
or

ord
ma
wit
tha
the
be

“ha
eo
ol
Pre
and
to
or
the!
enti
Pre
inn
Mc
ol
sad
theg
knol
no
reg
tha!
this
tior
N
to-
T

pro

adiq
befd
Co
vy
in
tion
and
the
day
\
or
Isla
sion
by