cy

rades

nting
tere
tinue
omas
@ ore
5 Ale
State,
jcipal
Come
ha W.
the
titue
ten-
docal

ipreme
been
closed
ollowe
year;
iN. JS
burg,
LOUls;
iryver,

) Bose
tfeld,
paton;
Va;
rden,
oller,
Cc. A,
0.
ville,

 

 
  
 

 

 

 

ta

  

ME CUBAN POSTAL FRAUDS

ane TE SUBJECT OF HEATED
THEY WATE IN THE SENATE.

‘conn,) Points Out That They Were

ened and Are Hetog Probed by
Agents of the Administration--Mr, Spooner
Redukes Mr. Hale for Intimating That Oar
pledges to Cuba Will Not Be Redeemed.
wasmixoToN, MAY 28.--The reaolution here-
store offered by Mr. Bacon (Dem, Ga.) inatruct-

murnittee on Relations with Cuba to
{ report as to moneys received and
he island of Cuba, through United
was laid before the Senate to-
Conn.) spoke on the

ing the (\
fnquire ane
expel ded int
States « fic tals
day and Mr Platt (Rep.,

t
= platt aatd that he did not object to the

hon when it was offered, but he thought
‘Mr. Bacon's remarks at the time
id he replied to ‘Months ago,” he con-
, Major- Gen Wood, Military Governor
of Cut a. was led to suppose or to fear that there
had beer irregularities and possibly pecula-
tions and embezzlement tn that portion of the
saver ment ) was under the immediate
direction of the Director General of Posta,
and he immediately organized an inspection
of the accounts of Mr. Rathbone, who was
in charge of that branch of the service, and it
had been unsparingly pursued from that time
to the present The Senator from Georgia
a newspapers from which he quoted

resol
that son “

 

  

whic

and |

seem to think that all the official malfeasance
ar d icdoing discovered had been brought
to Hglit through others than those connected

th the administration of affairs in the {sland
ina But it is to Gen, Wood that the credit
of discovering these oficial wrongs and erim-
inaities belongs. It is to the Administration
that belongs the credit of Investigating and
probing the matter to the bottom, and of
‘ ery possibleeffort to bring those who
to trial and
Georgia

s
ol ¢

 

have been «uility of wronadoing
nishment The Senator from

 

thy monopoly of the sense of humiliation
and indiguation and shame which should be,
andis felt by every honest and patriotic man in
the | { States, The disclosures in Cuba
ith reference to the postal affairs of the island,
are stocking ‘They are a blow, a direct blow,
to every citizen of the United States, More
that any other case is it incumbent on the
Government to probe to the very bottom, un-
sparing inflinchingly, without hesitation,
without referenee to who may be implicated
r cones d

 

President Grant's
Let no guilty

Mr Platt, referring to
rder in the Star Route trauds

nan escape, said that President MeKinley,
with a st equal Coneiseness had directed
that the Cuban seandal should be probed to
the trom and that every guilty man should

 

of this country,” he continued,
nidence in William MeKinley |
rthan that and aver that no President

   

arthie
: 1 ied State While holding the office of
Presi t ver had the confidence, love, respect

daffection of the people of the United States
t » extent that President MeKinley has

ther Presidents have been canonized after
thar death and have passed into history as
nt to ¢ fidence and frespeet, but no
ent ever escaped in offlee the eriucism,

   

 
    
   

    

 

ws und attacks Which — President
1 has justly escaped The people
ntrv will be satisfied to leave this
* hameful business in the hands of
1 ive and his) Cabune They will
| re Will be no covering up of fraud
! ne of crime, no te ation of ir-
1 »s and it is therefore that [think
1 these postal disclosures do not eal) at
t », necessarily, for a Senatorial invesifsa-
t
ir Bacon gave notice that he would reply
to-morrow to Mr. Platt’s speeeh
The conferenee report on the Army Ap-
1 iation bill was presented and agreed to

 

fhe House concurrent resolution for a final
id ournment on Wednesday, June 6, was laid
before the Senate and was referred to the
( mittee on Appropriations,

fhe “unfinished busines being the bill

relation to the Stippression of insurrec-
tion in the Philippine Islands, was taken up
and Mr. Sponner (Rep, Wis.) the author of
the Will, resumed tis begun yester-
day, in support of it.

After he had

 

speeon

eaking for some ten

fifteen wr nto the Philippine
I-lands Mr. Spoot sed into a discus-
of Cuban afairs and Was soon interrupted

 
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

wy Mr. Hale (Rey Me who said that such
tongs as Mr. Spooner had been describing
ad irred time and again. and that where
aa the lt of war, a colony or a dependency
had been turned ov to the conquering power
that conquering power had trequently aban-
ind had been glad to wash its hands
os the Senator think,” Mr. Spooner asked,
) asperity that we should have
ned Cuba

Mr. Hale replied, “that it) would
' the best thing in the world if we
1 done it When we found that the people
( 1 we is hostile to us as to the power
why je we had rescued them we ought
handoned the cesston made to us

and glad to get rid of it
ud Mr, Spooner, “that is a matter
of oy I Lam of the impression that, with
Cuba iving so near us, and with all the trouble
that nad come to us from her proximity to
vile she was under the tyranny of Spain
! [hited States ought to have taken Cuba
and held it, giving to her people what they
never had, individual liberty and good goy-

erninent,

Mr Hale The Senator has more confidence
than Phavetr it wearetryingtodo. think
io would have be better if we had not taught
( # lesson we have taught her lately

\ ras Mr. Spooner asked flercely
Phe lesson of fraud.” Mr. tlale replied. “The
lesson of sappropriatonmot money of cheat-
Ing stealing of the carnival of corruption and
fraud ve direction, | think it would
ha ) better if we had not taught
the teach them that."
: It is not the fault of the Administration,”
Mr Hal ntinued It is the uniform result
‘ Noa tation There never has been
atari f the setting up of a supreme,

, r ible mentin a eolony or oute
t h { that has not been attended
; ii . ’ Thins AS We have seen in

' early divs of England's rule in
' ler Clive and Warren Hastings there

b sume happenings as we have

‘ nd the English people repudiated
( r 1, turned out Ministers and put

r ise the English people would

“ things to be done The Admin-

rat norin fault for affairs in Cuba Tt
“ ted r rservice there whom it beleved
: { Rathbone and Neely and others,
th tuat s such that we are imply
t W ‘ shathas been always seen when
ee thas been tried"
Mr 5 ner -f Was ne more anxious to
& nt : rowith Spain than the Senator
is Where the Senator ean see looking
' fe Mi ns " th Cubar no difference he-
en the fag 9 the United States in Cuba
e etagiof England, under Clive in India,
he ts, idaginent, troubled with mental
¢ hin What is the difference? We went
in’ for the Cubans Have we done Cuba
and a4 vil ne Kindness by pouring out

 

 

  

  

 

 
 

   

   

 

 
  

 

irom ind shedding the blood

hers. in order to drive Spanish tvr-

r from Cuba Applause in the

& oT oe Has the Senator any BlISspicion

. tor in his heart that the promise

sty t Congress is not to he kept kent
. tat ter, but kept in the spirit?

. e ve We SHspleLons Mr Hale
: qd ’ phatioalls and Tam glad
»Serat s asked that question

Senator said Miro Spooner bhit-
“A pessimist bavond any [have met.’
Mr Hale eontinned, “that there
1 : serful influences in this country
: ie large located in New York
! rue speculative, and
1 1 wit " iking enter-
i of ne ned that y all never
hina wit hink that the time will never
Malad mething earnest and drastie
‘ ,' ne ss, when the last soldier of
( ed States will be withdrawn from
t . o Ido not think the President favors
me | tf é that the Secretary of War
9 , Rit J im profoundly impressed
F Rnd jas 1 depressed by the faet that
t 3 reds of quartersa determination
& oe y aw from Cuba, but
Star , rasa ys sion of the United
rT
Ms If 1 were in doubt (as the Sen-
Vnitad ites for one moment that the
Ciod Pehaaa peernment will withdraw from
and ‘a : 1 he hamed of the Government
, n med of the people
Me ti a ranee from the Senator,” f aaid
there buevant manner than he
th os - Wnoin the eolloquy, “more
This : f ® for ] have said
Continued with ment of honor,” Mr, Spooner
of a ac tea eling, “and it is a people
Not gis ir : seks 1 “Ps t the United States Vid
tr ' ir te Tree Cuba, pouring out ite
Der ate Our he out the blood of its sons
bring tothe what bitter fruitage the war might
, rYbeas HOUTA cConselence, and without
Ris fener and when the Senator ex presses
Allowed me conselence of the people will be
bneuatinwe degrades the people: he
rit Wo sk in mv judgment, their integ-
the rope, tte We done inguba? Never since
heavens | Pane first sang together in the
What we have d penpie done for another people
Ballerioe We} or Cuba {Applause in the

   
 

; eaciven tothe people of Cuba
at Gere ent they have ever had,
ve fich they never could have had

ervention, Of course there has
Everyhody regrets it,
whi But no government
Vhich such things have not oc-

CVery one
is ashamed of it
Ver existed in rf

a OO
=

     
  
   

curred. They happened in Georgia; they hap-
pened in Louisiana.”
“They happened all over the South,” Mr.
Tillman broke in, “when the carpetbagwers had

 

 

a,”

“Yea,” sald Mr. Spooner, “and it has happened
since the carpet bag governmenta ended, If the
Senator from South Carolina thought there
would be a carpetbagger in heaven he would
prefer to go to the other place.”
“| certainly would,” said Mr. Tillman, amid
much laughter, “and if the Senator from Wiss
consin had had the same experience of thern that
I have had he would do ao, too.”
After further discussion, in which there was
no diminution of the fire and «pirit that had
marked the whole day's debate, Mr. Spooner
said that he would postpone the remainder of his
apeech till to-morrow, and after an executive
seasion, the Senate adjourned,

INVESTIGATING CUBAN FRAUDS.

Rathbone Not to Be Arrested Unless He
Attempts to Leave the Island.

WastINOTON, May 28.—~-The investigation of
the Cuban postal frauds is being conducted al-
most entirely under the direction of the Secre-
tary of War. Gen. Wood and Secretary Root
are in daily communication on the subjeot, and
to-day special inatructions were sent from the
War Department to A. L. Lawshe, the Auditor
of the Post Office Department, who was sent to
Cuba to examine the aceounta of Director of
Posts Rathbone and his associates. These in-
structions were supplemental to the oral tn-
structions given Mr. Lawshe by Secretary Root

prior to his departure from Washington, and
direct him to make a most thorough examina-
tion of all papers and accounts, and to spare no
official in his investigation Similar instruc-
tions have gone to Gen. Wood
Gen, Wood has from the first urged upon the
ofMicials the advisability of taking all suspected
officials into custody, and yesterday he com-
municated with the War Department in regard
to former Director Rathbone’s status. There
was some doubt In Gen. Wood's mind as to
what law could be applied to Director Rath-
bone for his alleged negligence and laxity in
office, He was advised from Washington to-day
as tothe statute that would probably be eflee-
tive, but under instructions Gen, Wood will not
arrest Director Kathbone unless he should at-
tempt to leave the island, Advices received
from Havana are that he is now under survell-
lance and could notleave Havana without the
knowledge of the officials
While it isnot believed atthe War Depart-
ment that Mr. Rathbone is at all timplicated tn
Neely's transactions it ts considered by Gen
Wood that he has been negligent and lax in the
administration of his office, Itiy also pointed
out that he did not give free access to the
vouchers of the Department of Posts when re-
quested to do so by Gen Wood for their ex
amination by the Inspector General's Depart-
ment. Whether Gen Wood will direct that Mr
Rathbone be taken into custody at this time
willdepend entirely upon the result of the in-
vestigation now going on

EXTRADITION OF NEELY.

Roosevelt to Hear Argument To-day

New Charge May Be Preferred.
Charles F. W. Neely, who was rearrested on
Tuesday ona warrant charging him with con-
verting $45,375 25 of Government funds to |
own use in the case of the Cuban postal frauds
and who was lodged in Ludlow Street dail in
default of $50,000 ball, did not get out yesterday
and will probably stay in jail until the question
of his extraditionis decided) Gov K
will hear both sideson that question at Oyster

Bay at noon to-day. The auth
ing important papers from Cuba relating
disposition made of condemned surcharged
yosiawe stamps, Edward K. Jones, who has
Doan engaged as snecial counsel for the Govern

Gov.

wosevelt

 
  

 

 

a

 

——

HOPE OF THE FILIPINOS,

GEN. SCHWAN SAYS IT RESTSCHIEPLY
UPON DEMOCRATIC SUCCESS,

Most of the Larger Towns im Lazon and
Other Principal Islands Occupted by Per-
manent Garrisons-The War Now Carried
On by Bands of Guerrillas or Bandits,

Wasuinoton, May 28. -An unusually tnter-
esting letter on conditions in the Philippines
has just been received at the War Department
from Gen. Theodore Schwan, who was chief of
Gen. Otis’s staff. Gen. Schwan plainly asserte
that the insurgents rest their hope of a revival
of the Insurrection on the expectation that the
Americans will not be able to hold the garri-
sons during the rainy season and the proba-
bility of “the success of the Democratic, or
anti-expansion, party in the coming Presi-
dential election.” Gen. Schwan, writing from
the United States army transport Thomas at
sea on May 12, 1¥00, to Adjutant-General H.
C. Corbin, says

“My Dean General: A brief reference to the
state of things in the islands, as seen by me
when I quit Manila on April 16, may be of in-
terest to you. You know, of course, that on
that date and for some time previously the
most, if not all, of the larger towns of Luzon
and many of those towns in the other principal
islands which are regarded as commercial and
political centres within their respective re-
gions, were occupied by permanent garri-
sons. You are further aware, doubtless, of
the more or less frequent collisions between
detachments from the garrison troops and
bands of outlaws infesting sheir several spheres
of action: also of the inferences from these oon-
filcts unfavorable to the permanent pacifi-
cation of the isl ands that are freely drawn
in the United States and elsewhere. It may
not be amiss, therefore, to mention here some
facts bearing on the geveral subject which
seem at times to be lost sight of.

“Brigandage prevailed to a greater or less
extent in the Philippine Islands trom time tme-
memorial. In Spanish times no sustained or
bona {ide efforts were made for its suppression.
Local troops were indeed raised to put down
aud prevent robbery, but their operations were
spasinodie and superficial, and they were gen-
erally suspected of being in league with the
robbers and of sharing in their plunder. Dur-
ne that period of the Tagalog rebellion (1896—
isuvs) when, owing to the voluntary withdrawal
of Aguinaldo and other leaders to Kong Kung,
hostilities were generally suspended, the rem-
nants of the insurgents or those men whom the
leadera could not control joined the “ever-
resistant’ robber bands, who in consequence
were enabled to carry on a guerrilla warfare
against minor bodies of Spanish troops. in
addition to plying their vocation of plundering
peaceable inhabitants

The robber system, pure and simple, was
kept up while organized insurrection against
the United States was carried on, though at
first it received no countenance from the th-
even made oecusional
18 to break if uy With the disruption

vernment and the disper-

 

irwent leaders, who

  

nsurwent @
surgent arn

the islands
nt offleer

es, robber bands have
extensively re-en-
“ and soldiers, who,
their homes were disinclined to

 

 

    
 

   

ment, said yesterday that an important step s af 7 work and still clung to the idea

would be taken inthe ease this mornng when fa Filit pub fee ; *

the papers will have arrived) What this step , ': Ree fia a . suntain tribes and

would be he would not sav, but {t was wenerally PM imap enh b SRYARO MOURA tyres Bas
1 1] dire onneected with the bands above

understood that Neely will be arrested on sul ,}

another charge. If Gov. Roosevelt decides in | 1 a (a compar Siieins

favor of extradition it is likely that Neely will be a ai MY ; rs a AM ean

taken to Cubs at once, unless the courts are |, , a as arule, the prope

and that the
d

sucerssfully invoked to prevent it,
proceedings here will be suspens

According to Mr. Jones the $45,
the amount Neely is charged
verting to his own use inthe civil suit

  
 

which {fs
th con-

 

v

 

 

I
ag yered fo riod of four me tion of peace and
shortage Gmoovered fot period of nour ‘ any other kind of ru

only. Mr Jones said he had reason to believe
the shortage might be $400,000

HAMILTON FISH PARK A PATLURE

Doe to Trying to Combine Gymnasiam and
Park Features, Clausen Says Opening Pat Off,

Park Commissioner Clausen announced yves-
terday that Hamilton Fish Park would not be
opened to-morrow evening. The
still incomplete, he sa

park was

» and will not be op ened

 

 

   

 

 

   

 

scams tee tase aa sect cain attaceraiaaieaiadniamanata

 

 

    
   
   
    
 
 
    
   

minority, an
aanit Class, con-

 
 

 

 

  

of war
most}

t )

“

and beet

 

) govern them
iid to cast in

ericans, fear-
t

    

' with
followi moto be able to ter-
we people and in the past have shown

   

   

 

    
        

lence
nntil the evening of June d Pood ait =
The new park, Mr. Clausen said, was a diaape | tively hostile act
pointment from every point of view. An effort | o" i !
{ 1 !
had been made to combine park features wit , mah nt .
playground features and the resul ne mad !
a park nora playground, The im vements | mm
had been carried out on very extravagant |! ‘
lines, $183,000 having been spent so far Moat
of the money had been spent in constructing an th
expensive building with niekeleplated plumit- eis
{ng and facilities for only six people to bathe at 1 cordit
the same time. The gymnasium wos x it rt vhio aet
apparatus The property cost $1,789 to | tain | rich
acquire and enough money has been spent, ! or
Commissioner Clausen said, to put the park in | ft d
good condition, but instead it deseryes severe | UO! s} pall butia terly unseru
eritiesin Instead of the planting, Jawn and | ited | elfish motives
flower-bed work that could have been secured that. should the insurgent
for the money expended, little had been done vat rely, and American r
in those directions slit ort
Commissioner Clausen has ordered that the ositions of influenee ane

Swedish schoolhouse in Central Park at Seven
ty-ninthstreet and the West Drive he altered
and used as a refreshment room and resting
place. The building formed part of Sweden's
exhibit at the Philadelphia Exposition in 1876
The Swedish Government gave it to this city

 

MANIAC ON THE TRAIN,

Smashes Lamps and Windows of the Car—
Fierce Straggle With a Policeman,

Michael Carrol], who was on his way from St
Louis to Ireland, became violently insane on a
Baltimore and Ohfo train vesterday. Carroll
was quiet until the train reached Bound Brook
There he began to yell and utter {mpreeations
as he walked up and down the alsle of the ear,
which was well filled with men and women,
Conduetor Henry Bond and Brakeman John
Mackin succeeded in getting Carroll into the
combination baggage car and smoker, and he
was kept there under guard until the train
reached Jersey City. Carroll smashed the
lamps and some of the windows,

When the train pulled up into the station
Policernan Dougherty went to the ear. Carroll
rushed at him with an uplifted brass lamp
which he had torn from its fastenings Dough
erty retreated and waited for Carroll te come
out Carroll,after partially undressing himself,
left the ear and tried to climb unoneof the pil-
larainthestation. The policemen pulled him
down andafter a flerce struggle succeeded tn
holding him dewn on the platform while some
of the railroad employees tied his hands and
faet with ropes. The maniac was taken in a
patrol wagon tothe Gregory street police sta-
tion and afterward removed to the county Jal
Carroll hada letter showing that he had been a

yationt in St. Mary's Infirmary, St Louis, from:
May 18 until Ang 24, 1899 He was suffering
fromaniniury to his head) Hehad a steerage
ticket for the steamer Teutonic, which safled
yesterday,

 

We Make a Weekly

readjustment of our stock; this
enables us to exhibit a rich and
varied assortment of all that is
new and worthy; a range that
does not represent leavings and
remnants. We watch our prices
just as carefully, also,

Burnham s Phillips

Custom Tailoring Only,
Cemple Court Annex, 119 Nassau St.

 

      
       
   
    
      

    
 

During Dinner

Music Every Evening

also during Lunch on Saturdays et

HAAN’S

PARK ROW BUILDING
OPPOSITE POST OFFICE

Ladies’ and Gentlemen's
Restaurant and
Rathskeller...

Also at Columbus Avenue and 75th Street
during Dinner and Supper

Theatre Parties Accommodated

a

| officers will vie

t relegated to ther form
ifestatior

 

   
  

 

urvinpr

 

 

 

Inthe main they rest their hope fora revival
of the Irreetion and the reeoncentration of
insurgent forces upon (Li the supposed necessit
American troops will be under of abandoning
many oft ‘it positions owing to the ime
possibility of supplying the latter during the
wet season: and upon the success of the Den
oeratic or anti-expansion party in the coming
Presidential campaign in the United States

 

‘Their ability tol » guerrilla bands to-

    
 
 

 

gether. and te retair ntrol over a eon-
siderable proportion of tf ommon people is
due largely to the astounding ignorance and
credulity of the latter Asan illustration of this

it may ben tioned that within the past two
months a brigand ehief in Tayabas provinee
who signed humeelf “General of Divisior did
not he it that the Filipino gov
ernment was still at Tarlac; that two German
men-of-war had recently ide a descent upon
TLaquima aporton tl reoastof Taya
has, compelling the American troops there to
retreat into the mountains, that Manila was full
of German and Japanese soldiers, awaiting an
opportunity to throw off their disguise and

  

sitate to wive «

   

 

 

 

make common eause with the Filipino insure
rectos against their American oppressors,

My conviction that the insurrection ean.
not recover from the eollapse it has suffered
is founded on the following eonrideration

The prineipal lands are now as never
before held with an tren grip by the military
4s has already been pointed out, in’ Luzen

whence any rebellion must always derive its
life-blood, all interior as well as coast towns
of importance are eceupied by United States
troops, whose scouting parties ‘netrate into
the most secluded recesses within their juris-
dietions, which latter are clearly defined, These
garrisons are generally commanded by
paratively young aud remarkabiv energetic
and zealous Majors, holding lesser rank inthe
Regulars, who are leaving nothing undone
to perform with thoroughness the specified
task set them. That task inchides the snp.
( the guerrilla bands, the diseovery
eof Mauser and Remington rifles cof
which seme 20,000 are supposed to be still in
caches or in the hands of guerrijlas), the open
ing of schools, and the establishment of mu-
nicipal governments on lines which, while
safe-guarding individual property rights and
American sovereignty 0} the manage-
ment of loeal affairs tinder 1 control of the
townspeople, who will enioy a degree
of independence never dreamed of hitherto
The operations of the troops and the paci-
fication of the towns and of the barrios em-
braced in their jurisdictions will go on regarde
Jess of the wet season, in anticipation of whieh

 

come

 

ane

 

 

 

 

thus

supplies to last wlule it prevaila have been
aceimulated at the various posts; the roads
conneeting which, with their respective bases

have, moreover, been placed in sueh a state
of repair that heavy rains will not prevent their
se, The most serious obstacle in the way of
pacification lies in the lack of faith the soldiers
nave in the inhabitants and the inhabitants
in the soldiers, Th Thst ig certain to pass
away when hecomes acquainted
with the the aims and the standarda
of the other
Prolonged contact of the troops with the
peopla must of necessity be reeiproeally ad-
Vantageous The people will be beneficiaries
In- many wave pecuniarily, by the disburse-
ments the United States inakes to the soldiers
and for military purposes; ednueationally, by
the schools which are now starting up all over
the islands, and in which English will soon
become the language in which instruction is
conveyed, politienlly, by the reeonstruction
ef eivil gevernment on a basia requiring the
expenditure of local tax levies for local pur-
poses In aA manner determinable by the taxs-
pavers. On the other hand the work of the
troy Il be facilitated and their condition im4y
is they gain the confidence of thewell
i natives These, when they find the
shavecometostay, willresist theexaetions
of the Nsurreetos A termn now bheeome a
synonym of g rilas or bandits, whose haunts
anepe athe lassist the militars in ferreting
ont
‘When a state of mutual understanding and
confidence shall be established, the days of
the guerrillas will be numbered, Commanding
with each other in bringing
about pence, good order, contentment and
prosperity in the communities confided to their
chgpee Should the hostile bands of contig-
ucts townships concentrate, so will the troops

 

   
   
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
  

 
 

each class

eustoms

 

 

  

  
  

 

THE SUN, THURSDAY, MAY 24, 100».

SN -

    

————————

ai

Uneeda
Graham

Wafer

For a
Hot Weather
Diet

Uneeda Graham Wafer, the great hot weather delicacy, light, thin,
crisp, and yet nutritious, The highest degree of sustenance in the
most palatable form, 0 cents a package. Sold wherever they sell
Uneeda Biscuit and Uneeda VJinjer' Wayfer

   

UN

 

 

i

‘nN

|

|

 

 

NATIONAL BISCUIT COMPANY.

na Ne

ee

  

 

§ concentrate under their regt-
commanders, the battalions
ne as a rule so grouped as to

of those towns!)
mental or district
of a rege ht b

   
 
    
 
     
    
     
 
        
     
   
 
      

 

 
 
 
 

   

 

be under the « ol of its Colonel

“At the present time, troo are kept - r : ;
staatin at Uesee ancancae foobe are Hep! Py Nothing more true than this.
rilas. Si:nultaneousiy, in fact, n connecton Money without health cannot give perfect living. Guard your
Meo ere etiengied for the Durpoes, health above allelse. Once lost, misery begins. Youcan be on the
PLbedpo perc vy officers designate oO 1e purpose, 1 M :
who are also required to take note of and report sate side if you use mill
on its re ir products and needs in the b 9 Eff
way of publi tr vements t Ss It

r of public Improvernenta, eas A bey Ss ervescen a
be set-backs, tretion and disappointments “ THE ‘SALT’ OF SALTS."
These are unavoidable, but, they will hardly It is, in a true sense of the word, a health giver and a health
be A character to seriously impede the ar ; ; ; ; ‘ ‘ng! i
complichment of the object almed at—the retainer. Don't suffer with Dyspepsia, Constipation, Biliousness or

similar ills, when Abbey's Salt provides certain relief.
Abbey's Salt is a natural remedy made from the salts extracted
from fresh fruits, Its regular use brings about a healthy action of

fHeation of the country under American
sovereignty, M discretion must be al-
lowed our Col und Majors, or local come

 

    
 

manders: their instructions are and should con- ‘
tue to be full and explicit, but they ought to the entire human organism.
rarely interfere: ! he choice of mean , ‘ ‘ ‘
ne rarety \ntertered wien Ih the Ghee OF manne DR, EDWIN R. BEDFORD, Reock- ing it as a laxative in cases of Chronic
dais ALL AE Sik mai pet ag lyn, N. Y., says: I havefound Abbey's — Indigestion with a tendency to Rbeuma-

irks you mav regard as
optimistic in the Laht of communications that
doubtless reach von or the Department from
Manila, pieturing the ontlook in the Philip-
une [slands as gioomy and discouraging
tut they are dedneed, not only from the com-
prehensive view of the situation I had at head-

above rer Saita pleasant and mild laxative, Incases — tism, Hiliousness, etc
of nervous prostration with torpid liver DR. W. B. VANDERPOOL, New
and over acidity of the system, I] have | York, N.Y .savs; ‘'L have used Abbey's

used it with great benefit. Iamnowgiv- | Salt with the most complete satisfaction.”
At All Druggists’. 25c., 50c, and $1.00 per bottle. |

     

  

 
 
  

quarters, but also from personal and close ,

diwereations ine fout provinces in which the a || II iN
insurrection took its origin and whose inhabi-

tants, al the average in point of intelligence

Bezel o
eae”
ri.

 

 

ve heen consistently hostile to
and American rule

On the whole [have reached the conclusion
that, if left to then elves, the Filipinos would
soon demonstrate their utter unfitness for self-
as well as

and thrift
oth Spu s} vob ’ ; ’ ,

ween ee todriguez, the Nationals’ candidate for Mavor | CUSTODIANS OF A MAD WOMAN,
The appointment by Col. Bliss of a Spaniard enema

named Checa, to be a special agent at the | Livery Stable Keeper Said to Have Mrs. Froth-

WANT NEW MARRIAGE LAW

ee

   

     
   
 

* ent and that their interests . » -—- ane » - x Di
Bee een eee ire ithercone | CCBANS ASK GEN, WOOD TO MAKE | customs wharf, has roused tho ire of some taghom fs Charge.
in contact and with LEGAL. Cubans. Cheearegistered asa Spaniard. The In moving to confirm the report of the Sher

maintain relatie | he hest subserved by the
evercise of the powers of government over them
bv the United States for an indefinite period.
This is the opinion of the Chief Jnstiee of the
Philippine Islands Arellana, a Fillpino by birth
anda man of profound learning and universally
eoneeded intewrity, who perhaps more deeply
than any one living “bas studied = the
character and is competent to pass judament
on the condition and the needs of his country-
men, Yoursfaithfully, THRODORF ScHWAN,
“Brigadier General of Volunteers,”

NEGRO MASHER ARRESTED. | Gen. Wood a petition bearing 81,000 names pray
—— ing for a modification of the marriage liw fore |

mulated by Gon
ordained minister of any religion will be legal
The present law only recognizes a civil cere.
mony.

In presenting the petition the Archbishop

iff's jury, finding Mrs. Julia A. Frothingham
mentally incompetent from excessive drinking,
the members of her family suggested to Justice
Leventritt of the Supreme Court yesterday
that George RB. Covington be appointed come
m ttee of her person and estate, She has about
$75,000 worth of property

Counsel for Mrs. Frothingham said that he
had not opposed the lunacy proceedings on the
understanding that no one connected with
Mrs. Frothingham should be suggested as her
committee Hesaid Mr. Covington had been

counsel for her family. He asked permission
to hand up the names of two other candidates,

On the other hand, it was urged that Mrs.
Frothingham had expressed no desire in the
matter and that her counsel was_ acting
according to the wishes of William _H. Daly, @
livery stable keeper, whohas had Mrs, Frothe

- | Discusion has raised the ery of Cuba for the
Cubans, and urges all to protest against this
appointment of a foreigner, Col
Cheea fs an able and honest man

Archbishop Sharrettt Presents Petition Signed
by 31,000 Cubans Protestants Join in
Appeal Civil Marriages Alone Now Legal |
~ Minority Flections,

Bliss says
He does not
his nationality is, and will refuse to
discharge him

! hat
Recognition = in care Wha

Spectal Cable Despatch to THRE SUN — “
HAVANA, Mav 22 PENNSYLVANIA COMPANY,
companied by a delegation of

men, visited the palace to-day and presented to

Archbishop Sharrett!, ac-

priests and lay-

om they must necessarily RELIGIOUS CEREMONY

Annual Report Approved by the Directors

The Flection of OMcers,

May 22. -The directors of the
Brooke so that marriage by an | Penns ia Company met this morning and
approved the annual report, whieh will be
submitted to the storkholders at the annual
meeting in June The report shows
earnings for the vear $22,086,827 as compared
$19,581,400 laste

 

a PHILADELPHIA,
Annoyed a White Woman tn the Ferryhouse Ivar
Fined $20 and Costs,

While Mra. Louise Davis of 657 Bushwick ave-
nue, Brooklyn, was in the Pennsylvania Rail-
road ferryhouse on Tuesday a gorgeously at-

; = | ye é : 5 ike's eeree f e ow with
tired negro approached andeald thatit would | argued that Gen, Brooke decree was narr 4 $23,425,427 a0 i | {neham under his control for several months,
afford him great pleasure to accompany her to andun-American, being opposed to moral and | Bi. t2o4 Reg ' : 9,211 | Trwas said that Daly and his eoachman, Michael
Mre Davis ordered him to go away | socialorder, It caused a useless and iniurous | against $12,501,106, an inerease of $2,458,105. | Lally, had been watching her movements for

gross

year, an increase of
Operating expenses were

 

 

 

    

    
 

 

New York
and mind hia own business. The negro masher | conflict between the civil and ecclesiastical | The net earnings were $7,027,618 against : ro unction, whieh was Issued by Justice
, . alle 080.909 # , > . 2° 20 a inj ection, i { 5
ppd rdw aged and Mrw, Davie calle’ | Jaws, and was a violation of the principles of | § ici > an inerease of $907, Vhedirectors | Freedman several weeks ago, but was no
7 1 wats) t a i 2 . “ e following res 7) a ‘ass ,

ee he was Henry Phillips, a1 years old, of 331 | liberty, econselenee and freedomof worship pro- } t me ha fw! ne yer ae Vee Cas att, | served, waa shown, in which Daly was @niais

West Fifty-second street, this city. He was ar- | fessed by the American Government and guar- | Vieo-President, |G Brooks, Third Viee-Presi- H om disposing 1S ‘y on her e tate sod Mr,

rnigned inthe First Criminal Court yesterday | anteed hy the Treaty of Parts, hecanse it does | dent, James Wood; Seeretary, 8D, Liggett, mete . proprietor of the Grand iew a

morning. Police Justice Hoos said ; | Treasurer, ©. Ho MeKnialt Hovrins m disposing of jewelry alleged to
"thas come ton pretty pass when negroes | Not recognize one of they most sacred actaofthe | authority was given by the directors of the have nleft with him during her drives Ie

accost white women and inanuit them. This | Catholie religion, The Archbishop declared | Pennsylvania Railroad Company to Preside | Was al egedthat Daly has been taking charge

Court will show no merey to such people. | ' ' ! resident | of her bank accounts aud otherwise taking
our il ve ) mer 1 peor that the present Jaw was contrary to that of Cassatt to establish a stock transfer office in hand {n her affairs Mra Frothingham wud

Women must be fully protected from such
insults.”
Phillips waa fined $20 and costa

New York eity him $150 a month, it is stated, to care for her

| brougham and horses
Justion Leventritt said he would take the
} names of the additional candidates and reserve

Clarke From the Seventh Chosen | decision

by Col. Bates, |

Col, Wiliam G
Regiment ha
of Company F
-f

| he opene f
every State and Territory of the United States, | Tt will be opened in the fall

and he herged that it might he modified to |
conform with the broad-minded and liberal
legislation of the United States on the subject,
which recognizes as validevery marriage con-
| tracted before aduly authorized minister of
religion. He added that the purpose of the
petition was to show (ien, Wood that the people
of Cuba were desirous ofachange. He could
have secured mapy more thousands of names,
but deemed it unnecessary ¢) do so

There is little doubt that t 1e whole people are
opposed to the present law It is expected that
the law will be changed. The Cabinet favors a
modification

Gen. Wood tnrtends to submit the proposed
changes to the Supreme Court for an opinion
to make sure of his ground before touching the

VEW ADJUTANT FOR THE 71ST.

Northport Lawyer In Tronble.

L. Pitman, a lawyer, living at Northport, L.
1, was arrested yesterday for sending, as al-
leged, a threatening postal card through the

mails to George Hort, a resident of Atlanta
Ga. Hewns brought to Brooklyn and arraigned
before Commissioner Benedict, who held him in
4250 bail for the action of the Federal Grand
Jury.

A.SIMONSON

ai WIGS S-
~ AND oa
pip IOUPEESR Ay

to cover part or the entire head is my specialty

Unremitting care and extended experience tn this
branch are a guaranter 1s to the perfection of ft and,
above all, their illusiveness.

TOUPEES for gentiemen who desire to enver par
tlal baldness are a special feature, as they are ao
perfectly made as to defy closest inspection.

HAIR GOODS [rom the purest white to the gings
lest black, and only of the highest grade, can always
be found in profuse assortment at this establishment

(SPECIAL LIQUID NO. La
sure cure against dandruff

A. SIMONSON,

933 BROADWAY. 21ST AND 22D STS.

Corporal enum ‘ .
Actress in Rellevoe With Appendicitis,

Mabel Rother, annectress who had heen with
one of the travelling “Quo Vadis" companies, ts
in Bellevue Hospital suffering from appendicitis.
Adiutant | She was taken ill in Conneeticut and wae
days ago The | brought to her apartmentain the Barrington na
new appointee, who will have the rank of Cap- | Long Acre Square As she grew woree, an
tain, is asonot Pamont Clarke, President ofthe | ambulance from Roosevelt Hospital was aume
American Exchange National Bank He haa | moned last night and she was carried ta
been a member of the Seventh for nine years | Bellevue

Rates of the Seventy first
pointed Corporal EF F. Clarke

Seventh Regiment, Adjutant of
the Seventy-first in the place of
Jrowling, who resigned a few

     

 

 

 

rt

‘A FERNANDINA

CLEAR HAVANA CIGAR

The size, the shape, the quality, the flavor will please you.
Imported of same tobacco costs more on account of high duty
on cigars, We import the tobacco, not the cigar.

SMOKE LA FERNANDINA.

All leading cigar stores and hotels,

According to size, | O- f 5-20-26c.

IMICHAELIS & LINDEMAN 459 Broadway
BERNARD STAHL & CO., Makers.

question which js so close to the life of the
Cuban The petition,
shown hirn how stronaly the people feel onthe
aubject, not only the Catholies, but the Protes
tants as well The ministers of the latter
denomination have been working in harmony
with the Archbishop When a change is made
licenses will probably be required

Gen Wood has made a change inthe charter
of Havana and the Flection law, whieh will de-
one of the Democratic Tnion’s chief ob

people however, has

atroy
jections to the
other words he will recownize a minority elee
tion of councilmen in Havana cltvy The city
will be divided tntosix districts, and there will
be four councilmen district. No
more than three of these can be elected by the
majority in any one district
the Democratic Union an opportunity toe re-
main in the political arena if it really wanta to
No nominees have vet been named to oppose
the candidates of the National party Estrada
Mora will run independently against Gen.

present political status In

from each

This will give

N.Y.

DISTRIBUTORS,

 

so

SS

eR +

—

ae