results of this part of the investigation
are reflected adequately in the report.

 

 

 

    
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
    
  
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
   

rr. But in regard to even more impor-
tant aspects of the case, such as his
ees | netual knowledge of the operations of

= weer f , 9 the “Committea on Distribution,” his
PE avec wae aes ——~+ | tolerance of the fraudulent methods em-
—— . Ceo. ployed, bis willingness to profit by the
Subscriptions by Mall, Postpald. | same, his personal contiguity to the head-
DAILY, per Month 80 59 | (yartera of the awindling concern, and bis
DAILY, per Year CREE NOSED EEPSS IESE So present and prospective cash profits from
AUNDAY, por Veet ‘er Year a @@0 [the whole business, Mr, KicHanDsON was

DAILY AND SUNDAY,
DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Month

Postage to foreign countries added
ruw SUN, New York City

hot pressed very energetically, and his
statements were apparently accepted at
their face value.

For example, after having denied sol-
emnly on aprevious oceasion that the sta-
tionery of Congress had ever been used by
the “Committee on Distribution” to give
the impression that it had official character,
Mr. Ricuarpson was confronted with an
original of the now celebrated letter of cre-
dentials to BAKCUS's agents, typewritten on
House of Representatives paper and signed
with his own rubber stamp, Here follows
an extract from the hitherto unpublished
testimony at one of the sessions of the in-

PARts Kiosque No near Grand Hotel, and
Klosque No. 10, Boulevard des Capucines.

.

t our frtevds who faror us with manuseriple for
ected articles returned, they

j
publication wish to hare re)

must in all eases send lamps for that purpose

  

An American Policy.

Some worthy citizen, including our dol-
orous old friends, the Hon, Cant Sewurz and
the Hon, Grorak SEWALL BovTWELL, are
to hold a meeting inthe Cooper Union to-
night for the purpose of discussing "Vn
American Poliey for the Philippines

(n excellent suggestion of such a poliey
ia found in the Jast Missour Republican
platform

‘We favor (ue extension of self government to all
the people that have lately come under the protection
cf this country as rapidly as they demonstrate thetr
ability to exercise it We hold our authority over
them to be a solemn trust to be exercised with aneye
single to thelr instructlon, development and pros
perity *

Vestimaling committee

“Senator KLAINS. Did the committer [the Com
mittee on Distribution’) use the House of Representa-
thyes paper”

Mr. RICHARDBON,~ No
docen sheets were ever used.

“Senator ELKINS. Who used tt, vou”
“Mr. RICHARDSON. ~No sir.
“Senator ELKINS — Who got hold of It’

Mr. RICHARDSON. | think they were gent out
from the office by one of the clerks, J had a jot of paper
al (he offee It was after the office was removed to
Woaabington

“Senator ELKINS

sir, only about haifa

Some of the agents used the

Another suggestion will be found in] Government paper?
“General Orders No, 40," issued by Gen, “Mr RICHARDSON. <I think Aalf a dosen sheets
Ores Jast March and eontaining a law | were probably used, but they were not used generally

ido not think over balf a dozen sheets were used. It
Was stopped Immediately, Decause it iwas not the proper
thing to do, and the company was not attempting to
vse itatall

Again, a little further on:

‘Mr. RICHARDSON, So faras lt know, and I veu-
ture to assert without apy fear of contradiction Mr
BARCUS was not here but, then, bis manager, who
is present willawear and! have no doubt it is the
fact -that there were not exceeding a half dozen, ora
doten at the farthest, sheets of that paper used inad
tertently, and tt was stopped immediately, and not
another one was used. It was not done with any
Intention of glying the appearance that tt was 4 Gov
ernment publication at all, because (hey were nob
intended for the public.”

. . . 7

for the establishing of civil municipal gov-
ernment in the Philippines

The beginnings of self-government in the
Philippines have been made, The founda-
tion will be added to as fast as the people
show themselves capable of the addittons
it may even chance, faster

The Investigating Committee's KRe-
port on the Richardson Seandal.
These general vemarks by the New York

Times on the Richardson-Barcus seandal

show a more accurate understanding of the

moral and personal relation of the Hon,

James DD. Richarkbson to the seandal than

the investivating comunittee has seen fit to

*Senator ELKINS. —IS8 the letter wideh is published
jn THE SUN true? Lrefer to THE SUN of April 20,
1000, purporting to be signed by you

express in plain language in ite report ;
express ih Pain lAnBUARe MY | ‘Mr, RICHARDSON —That ts the one where they

 

Some serious facts appear clearly from the com> | jp, adcertentiy used the House of Representatives paper
Milter eport Tt appears that Mr RICHARDSON Tin October 1408 ‘Thatis one of the half dozen; and
copyrighted in hisown name work with which bis | 7 pink this is poseidly the only one that was nol
connection had been entirely oMetal, and whieh be | popen in
had in the House accurately declared not to be copy “Senator ELKINS. This letter was signed by you
rightable He had dene this tn order to make money d not by the ‘Commnittee.’
for himself and for the partners whom be had taken “Mr RICHARDSON. —It was signed with a rubber
for that purpose Phe capital of the partnership Was 7 stamp, not by myself
the plates whieh had been pro sented to him by Con- ’ Senator ELKINS.-That was in connection with
Gress, and the copyright whteh he falsely pretended to | the sale of this compilation?
have obtained Ina Government publication. It also ‘Mr. RICHARDSOS.- Ves, sin, they inadvertently
appears that what hedeseribe@as a ‘small royalty’ | aged it

ee hd a Mh. . . ae Pic pnt a We think most lawyers, ifonly forthe sake

Tentiessee we should say that it would be considered | Of professional art, will regret that Mr

rather larwe. Lorgeorsmall it was gained by Mr | RICHARDSON’S contradictory and common-

RICHARDSON for work whieh he had assumed | place explanations of the existence of the

a ” Pee re Mg ee lige bs letter of credentials, over his name on House

readers, = , of Representatives paper, were permitted to
As we have sald before, it does notappear that Mr, | escape so easily.

RICHARDSON has done anything punishable or even The only other detail of the testimony to

indictable ldut we are bound to say thatthe publica which we shall at present refer relates to
— made on thts yee by THE SUN have been Mr. RIcHARDSON’S cash receipts to date.
\ y jus \ Its difleu to see ho ‘ f :

he is ho on a 9 a ~ i pte He put the figure at about $11,000; and
unsavory a business can continue to hold the position | BARCUS afterward swore that) it was
of a leader’ inthe House of any party whieh pre | $11,320.50. These are the figures that go
tends to have any respect for itself into the committee's report, If they are

Our neighbor is quite right in saving that
Mr noth

generally accepted as measuring Mr. Rieu

RCH ARDSON has probably done sRpSsON'S share of the proceeds, they

ing that is now criminally punishable. Tt | will give an entirely false impression of
is not even worth while to inquire whether | that historical student's pecuniary re-
he could be reached under the laws for | wards For Barncvsnot only swore that

knowingly asserting a false and fraudulent
copyright and turning the same to his pe-
euniary profit, Mr. RieHarkDsoNn
tered, 80 faras direct: legal responsibility

he paid royalty to RICHARDSON at the rate
but he also swore that he
had already printed 22,000 sets, and had
Even if it betrue the small
royalty” is all that Rrew-
ARDSON gets or expects to get for selling to
Barcus the Government's property, dig-
nity and honor, the yield to him from. 27,000
sets would be $20,250. Figure it thus

of75 cents 2 sel
is shel-
5.000 in press
is concerned, by the initial mistake which a of 75 cents a set
eusv-coing Congress
his own urgent and upen his
humbug statement of the extent to which

the country Was indebted to him for literary

100 mide when, at

solicitation

 

labor which he had voluntarily assumed, it 1 poyaity on 27,000 sews 20,230
voréd him the duplicate plates Market value of 450 “remainder” sets at

The enormity of that mistake by the $20 14,000
Fifty-third Congress is clearly and ad- Cost price of duplicate plates, 3,200
equately brought out by the report of $36,450
Senator PLati’s committee, It ean be

Against this isto be set the “ four years
of Jabor’ upon which Mr. RicHaRDSON
dwells so unctuously, although he under-
took that labor of his own motion and was
paid $20,000 and allowances during the four
years by the Government for his services as
a Congressman; and the $3,600 which he says
he paid out of his own pocket for the index,
He was not questioned regarding this al-
leged payment of $3,600, A little cross-ex-
amination would probably have developed
the fact that the money did not go out of
the Richardson family

But Mr. RicHARDSON's stake in the game
not only was not measured by the $11,320.50
which Barcus swears he has alteady paid

deplored and denounced, but it eannot be
punished or even rectified at this late day
The mischief was done when that Congress
foolishly entrusted the Government's honor
and dignity to the Hon, James D. Rrenarn-
son of The which Kien-
ARDSON tiade of the opportunity is now
known to everybody. He passed the Gov-
ernment » and dignity along to
Bares, together with the plates, and con-
tented himself with pocketing the dollars
as they began to flow back to him with-
out a omurmn Barcus'’s methods
exeept on occasions when somebody was
unamiable enough to bring to public
tention the swindling performances of the

lennesser se

honor

about

ile

. i ne ‘ve Pas » , .
“Committee on Distribution.” On such or | him h - + ' n a usuired by the
8645 the estimate fe, T ane

easions the Hon. James DD. Ricnannson 950,400 10) ig i idl Ro yon a
tialities of wealth in) RicHARDSON'S ten

was on his feet in an instant, denying all
personal knowledge of the commercial part
of the enterprise, expressing surprise and

years’ contract with Barcvs were enthusi-
astically explained by the latter gentleman
when he was drawn on by the skilful ques-

horror at the misdeeds of Barevs's glib oe Renata’ ©
y senator ELKINS
talkers, and professing absolute confidence tioning by Senator ELKINK
in that young mac's integrity and high “Senator ELKINS.—I infer that you have newer

 

had more than $:
business.

‘Mr BaRcCUS. Outside of what eame in from the
business itself | believe that |s correct perhaps

" Senator ELKINS.- From what you know of the
business and your experience, what does the future
promise? You have sold and put out and
have ordered 5,000 27,000"

"Mr. Barcus. The 5,000 are mot put out,

‘Senator ELKINS. [ know, bul they are ordered to
be printed, At the rate at which you have done busi
ness inthe last two years, | believe itis, what does
the business promise for the neat ten years?

‘Mr BARCUS.- Tshould say that if (he public mind
could be put at rest on the subject of free distribution,
andthatisa necessary bypothests on which to rea
son, the books would have a sale of between 50,000

00 eash Mtaltiuvest .
gense of honor. On these oecasions, we are lec ian

obliged to add, the Hon, James D. Rice
ArRDSON talked ke a hypoerite and a very
shifty person

Of course, the evidence before the inves-
tigatingg committee Was so overwhelmingly
conclusive as tothe deliberate and aystem-
atic mnitent that “the
report does full justice to Barces and his

22,000

to deceive the public
“Committee on Distribution Barcus was
the on. Distribution Our
only the of the report
and of the general manner in which the m-
Was condueted

eritveism of tenor

 

Vestigation behind closed

( 10.000 se ' ° p
doors, is that possibly more interest has | 884/000 i etsin th _ ten years
Senator ELKINS > you mean each year?
heen displayed in probing Baneus t
| | K Ke han “Mr HARCUS -No, Sit) Tmean a total sale~an
in getting at the bottom facts about | aggregate sale of between 50,000 and 100,000 sets
Ricnanpsox, This may be due in part Senator ELKINS, Thatis a very wide difference
te the comity of Congress, in part toa in # business transaction
' _ ‘ ° , .
Magnanimous if mistaken desire in’ the Mr. BAKCtS.-It 's Impossible to estimate accu
rately tam undertaking to give you the minimum

minds of the Republican Senators to avoid
the appearance of political animus in the
examination of a Democrat, or in part to
the circumstance that the committee was not
equipped with the powers neccessary for a
thorough investigation All three of
these considerations may have had effeet in
determining the attitude of the investima-

and maximum
Senator kt
Mr. BARCUS
would be near |
75,000
“Senator PLAINS At $50 per setasan average?
“Mr BARCUS. Well, close to that
‘Senator ULBINS, If you sold 75,000 sets at $30
per set, the gross would be $2,250,000"

KINS —Filty thousand sets at $34°
If lam foreed tofixafgure which

would split the difference and say

 

very

tors toward their most important witness, Mr BARCUS.—T should think that is correct

the gentleman from the other House. ‘The Here we have the stake for which Ricu-
fack remains that Mr. RicHarpsSoN was | arpson and Barcus were playing, Sey-
permitted to make his statement practically | enty-tive thousand sets, even with the

in his own way and to depart without
being subjected to any cross-examination
that went beneath the We will
except the questions specially relating
the copyright fraud. These were pressed
by Senator ELKINS with an intelligent per-
sistence which threw Mr. RICHAKDSON into
astate of confusion and self-contradiction
and helplessness whieh would have been

pitlable were he entitled to pity; and the

royalty as disproportionate as that which
RICHARDSON and Bakcts swear is all that
goes to RICHARDSON, his share would he
$56,250 plus the $13,000 worth of “remain-
der” sets of the Government editions, or
$69.25 in all, Wedo not include the value
of the duplicate plates; perhaps they would
be worn out by that time, and the market
exhausted

| Despite all we have said about the insuf-

surface

to

  

oo

ficiency of RicHaRDson’s examination, the
country is indebted to Senator PLatt’s
committee for a service of great impor-
tance. Their report ends the Barcusian en-
| terprise, the possibilities of which were 80

| vlowingly depicted by that sublimated book

agent in his short conversation with
Senator ELKins, It ts hardly concely=
| See that ‘the Congress will refuse ‘0
lterminate the scandal for all thme by

passing either Mr. Bawe ock'’s resohition
{tn the House or Senator GALLINGER'S inthe
Senate, providing for another Government
edition of “ Messaves and Papers of the
Presidenta’ Poor SPorFORD is allowed to
wet off eusily, but that may be charged to
the charity account And RICHARDSON,
the leader of the Democratic minority of
the House and the principal figure in the
seandal which he himself has ereated
through his greed and false pretences

how does he stand before the country in
the Hght of the investigating committee's

mildly expressed but morally damning
verdict’
A Noticeable Difference Between

Capttal and Labor.

4 remarkable difference between capital-
istic employers and organized labor as it is
at present inspired and controlled, is called
up for consideration by an incident that oe-
curred in Joliet last Tuesday.

An employee of the Great Western Tin
Plate Works, who happened to be President
of the Amalgamated Association of Tin
Workers, was discharged; whereupon 160
men, fellow-unionists, quit) work, As to
their Ipgal right to do this thing no one can
question; but their act was the same as if
the Great Western Tin Plate Works, being
dissatisfied with one employee, had dis-
charged all

It is proper to say that there ts ho known
case of any employer of labor being guilty
of an act so vengeful and unreasonable, so
foolish in respect to business and so unfair
to employees.

Our advice to labor unions ts to play fai
with capital

‘*Mere Rhetoric."'

The Rev. Joun W. CHapwick, a Unitarian
minister of Brooklyn, in a recently pub-
lished sermon ridicules thus the "new pro-
gressive orthodoxy,’ as expounded in one
of its latest books
e" Lopen it haphazard, and | read: ‘JtSUS was not
one of many, not individual fragment of
the race, bub the true type aud sim of humanity. He
gathers into Himself all potentlalities, forces facul
tes, powers, whieh the entire race will eventually un
fold. All that man has attained, all that he lt
atte'n, was existentand active in Jesus.

* Now, this is not thought
nonsensical rhetoric ab that \
would be the passing knell of such inarticulate
It is really all the all
less real because the writer

merely al

s}

and
moment's thought

it Is mere rhetoric

any
gelatinous ephemeron worse,
the less serious all the
discards the notlon of the virgin

of JESUSasthe natural son of JOSEPH and MARY

birth and conceives

Undoubtedly, this is a just eriticism, but
is not like ridfeule justified when the Rey
Mr. Cuapwick defines his own Unitarian
belief by saying that the
Fatherhood of Gon” and “sincerely trust
that for every private grief
danger there is some ample compensation
in the full cirele of the Eternal Wisdom and
the Primal Love"?

Is not this “imere rhetoric, and
nonsensical rhetoric at that’? Where do
you get your authority for your belief in
“the Fatherhood of Gop,” in “the full eirele
of the Eternal Wisdom and the Primal
Love’? Youcan get it nowhere else than in
Divine revelation, or in the Bible. In the
natural law there is no quality of sentiment;
lt
you believe insueh love's ruling the world
in a spirit of Fatherhood
of natural law you giuust believe that it is
proclaimed by infallible supernatural
thority
belief in
believe,
blessed immortality for
but on what
There is no natural evidence of any such

we belleve in

public

“lso

there is no love there, primalor other
contradictory

fille
But we tind no such expression of
Mr. CHADWICK 8 "We
he says of the Unitarians, “in a

sermon
righteous souls,
do you base vour belief?
immortality; the only evidence is in super-
natural authority in the Bible or the Church,
both rejected by Mr. CHADWICK

It may be said of his own sermon, there-
fore, as he says of the book he ridicules
that “a moment's thought would be the
passing knell of any such inarticulate, gelat-
inous ephemeron,” for he, too, ‘ diseards
the notion of the virgin birth and
ceivesot Jesus asthe natural son of Josern
and Mary,” and therefore treats Chris-
tianity merely human philosophy and
“the Fatherhood of Gop” as a poetic con-
ception purely

cone

as

The Coming Election in Canada,

It is nearly four vears since the House of
Commons now sitting at Ottawa, was
elected, and, if we may believe the Toronto
Globe, which is supposed to speak with
authority, a new appeal to the ballot box
may be looked for at anearly date. What

is likely to be the outcome of the contest?
We tind the question differently answered
accordingly as we turn to the newspaper
organs of the Liberals onthe one hand and
to those of the Conservatives onthe other
The Globe itself, for instance, insists that
there is ample foundation for the confidence
expressed by Sir Winrrtp LAcrren and Sir
Ricnarp CARTWRIGHT in the success of the
Liberals at the next It
points out that, in forty-five elections to fill
vacant the Liberals have carried
forty-two, a fact which scarcely be
the assertion that there has been a Conser-

 

general eleetion,

seats,

 

irs out

Vative reaction since DSa6
the indications afforded

tions that the Gohe

I) is largely on
hy-elec-
bases its prediction ofa
sweeping Liberal vietory

On the other hand, the Mail and Empire
sees grounds for eneouragement in the fact
that the carried the
Provinee of Manitoba and have shown an
inerease of strength in Prince Kdward Island

by these

Conservatives have

and in New) Brunswick It accuses Sir
Winrrip Laturiek of intending, provided
he can secure this year a renewal of his

mandate from the people, to foree upon
Canada the programme of tinrestricted
reciprocity or commercial union
doubt that sueh
attractive

We have
programme would
prove Canadian farmers,
woodeutters and miners, but it would ob-

no a

to

viously repel ail the voters interested
in Canadian manufactures which could
not compete with American commodi-
ties if the tariff! wall were removed,

Moreover, the Mail and Empire is mistaken
in assuming that the United States would

cheerfully become a party to a eonti-
nental commercial union We do not con-
sider that admission to the market con-

stituted by only five million human beings
would compensate us for giving the Cana-
dians access to the market afforded by
seventy-five millions, If the Provinces
composing the Dominion of Canada want
unrestricted reciprocity, they can obtain it
by entering the American Union, but not
otherwise

That some of the Liberals look forward

 

| with miagiving to the electoral campaign is | Scmuxy had appealed

evident from an article published tn the
Soleil, which is Sir WILFRID LAU BTBR'S Organ
in the Province of Quebec. That newspaper
describes the Globe's {ntimation of an early
dissolution of Parliament a8 @ "grave
error,” and it warns [Aberals that they need
a thorough reorganization of their party,

THE SUN, THURSDAY, MAY 24, 1900.

not only in Quebec, but throughout the Do- |

minion, if they are to maintain their present
ascendancy, ‘Are we Liberals,” it asks,
quite sure that we are ready for the strug.
ule, notwithstanding the excellence of our
cause andthe brilliant administration which
our chiefs have given us? Have not onr
leaders kept themselves too aloof from their

partisans during the last four years, and have |

they not in this way paralyzed some of their
most devoted friends?”
hardly speak in this tone if it were contl-
dent of victory
full by another French newspaper,
Courrier du Canada, as offering conclusive
proof of discord and despondency th the
Liberal ranks.

The

 

No Monopoly in Virtue.

The Democratic members of the House
Judiciary Committee are saddened and
even seandalized by the Republiean Anri
Trust Constitutional amendment and Anti-
‘Trust Bill. They have put their hands to a
minority report that glows with the lovely
warmth of virtue against a remedy for
Trusts whieh, they say, {8 preseribed by
partisan and political considerations, They
don't want a Republican remedy, however
searching

* Don't patronize the shop over the way,”
the Democrats yell to the country, “the
only, real, genuine, Simon-pure, infallible
Anti-Trust Specificand Rough on Octopuses
isto be found in the Demooratic establish-
ment, May also be had at the braneh Popu-
list and Silver Republican stores. Do not
be humbugged by imitations! Kemember,
ladies and wentlemen, that we keep the only
surecure, Works like acharm, Don tbe de-
ceived by fraudulent goods, but buy the
great Democratic Anti-Trust) Specitle and
Rongh on Octopuses ”

Poor But what is to done
about You might as well try to copy-
right the airas to yet a sole and individual
interest in the Anti-Trust issue, Everybody
is against

souls! be

it?

Trusts
We are against Trusts.
You are against Trusts
, They are against Trusts

Lam against ‘Trusts
Tho Prusts.
He ts against Trusts

artugainst

Aiud every politician and every political
party oppose ‘Trusts from the loftiest
motives of public duty. All parties, big
and little, are unalterably opposed to

Trusts and regard them as a@ nuisance, a
curse and a crime, So it would seem safe
to stop vowling about ‘Trusts and take up
some disputed proposition, such, for ex-
ample, as the initiative and referendum

The Lack of Officers tn the Army,

The importance attached by the War De-
partment to the passage of the Army bill
now before the House of Representatives,
which increases by 100 the number of cadets
at West Pot, is indicated by the journey
to West Point of the joint committee of the
Senate and House. The members of this
joint committee made the trip from Wash-
ington and spent all of Saturday last at ‘the
Point,
what would be needed in the way of imme-
diate new accommodations, if the bill should

especially to see for themselves

become a law

fhe condition of the Avmy, in the matter
may be gathered
by astady of the recent roster of the Fifth
Cavalry, dated April 30,1900, This regiment
is stationed in Cuba, with a home squadron
at Jefferson Barracks, Mo he
shows this state of affairs: The Colonelis in
the Lieutenant.
Major eom-

of commissioned officers

roster

command of the regiment
Colonel is on sick leave
mands the home squadron, the other two
Majors are on detached service Among
the staff offleers there is one vacancy; of
the five carried on the roster,
away The list of tine officers shows
most clearly the way ino which the com-
missioned strength has been depleted. Of
eleven Captains (there should be twelve),
five are with their troops; of twelve First
Lieutenants, five are with their troops; of
seven Second Lieutenants (there should be
twelve), three are with their own troops

one

one ois

and three are with other troops The
absent officers are serving with other
organizations, many of them with higher

rank in theso-cealled Volunteer regiments
Phe graduating class at West Point can-
not supply more than fifty-four Second
Lieutenants toward filling the 130 vacancies
inthe grade. After the new graduates are
commissioned twenty-six enlisted men inay
obtain commissions, and then there will he
seventy-six vacancies Which should) be
filled, and yet onght not to be filled by
ilians The only Way to prevent the
recurrence of this state of affairs to
increase the number of cadets the
United States Military Academy, It ia in
the highest degree important that the num-
ber,shonld be increased, as the Army bill

proposes

ayy
is

The Rey Brian Keinoae of Elm Island and
Pleasant Cove and other delightful places dear
to children was 87 years old the other day.
Nearly sixty years ago he became minister of
achurch in Harpswell, Me, a good place to be
young oroldin. The heart warms at the men-
tion of the Rev. ELiwan KELLOGG. Files and
bumble bees buzzat the window of the school-
house Thesleepy day wakes up to hear some
voungster proclaiming that ye call him chtef
and ye do well to call him chief

flow many times has the Address of Spar-
races to the Gladiators been heard in great
dingy city schoolhouses, in Hitle red or white
and green district schoolhouses, in log houses
and rude sheds andon the platforms of town
halls or high schools, on examination or exhi-
bition days It has been spouted in college
and declaimed at huskings. And the boys
rant and howl it now as their daddies used to
do. You may chance to hear it pouring through
the open windows of some schoolhouses as you
Possibly the smatlest boy is addressing
the gladiators Nobody could play Spartacus
without feeling gigantic.

It may,be said that Mr KeLLoGG avenged the

Diss

chiet, The Romans laid him low but Mr. KeL-
Loge raised him up. One jooks back fondly to
the days when the remarks of Spanracts

seemed not a piece of rhetoric, but as real as
lifeand as thrilling as the circus, You were
Spartacus Your friends were assistant gladia-
tors. That odious shock-headed boy {n the
back seat might make faces at you while you
were talking to your gladiators Him you
would after school, Meanwhile let the
gladiators gladiate. We have seen flehta with
stones between the Romans and the gladiators,
a method of ancient military science too much
neglected by archmologists

Well, it will always be a day of triumph in
Capua, and may the Rev. Euan KELLoaa
live a thousand years’

liek

 

Assuming thatits flood of biilingsgate has
subsided, we will again ask of the Waahington
Post a still unanswered question which cireum-
stances make fair, beyond debate

Were you & party to the warbling by Rear Ad-
miral SCHLEY of the correspondence sent to him
by Lieutenant-Commander Hopaoson, to whom

The Soleil would |

The article is Feprinted in |

aaa witness to disprove
a certainstatement in'THe Sun? That is tosay,
when there was published in the Post on the
morning of June 14, 1890, the letter from Honpa-
HON to BCHLEY, did you know that there waa in
existence another letter showlng that Honosos
gave to the one published a directly contradic-
tory meaniug to that which It apparently bore
upon Ite fac

Upon the publication of that letter of June
14 the representative of THE Son in Washington
Was instructed to ask Rear Admiral SCULLY
whether sumething had not been left ont of it,
for, as it stood, it contradicted statements
which THE SUN had reason to, believe Scubry
replied that the letter had been received us
printed, that it was printed Intact and nothing
more

This was fraud, HopGson’s statement to
Capt, CHADWICK showed that there was an-
other letter of the kind we have described

Now will the Poat inform us whether it knew
anything of the other letter at the tine, and |
whether it was SCHLEY'S dupe, or his weconie |
plice in the cheat’

This Hodgson correspondence ts at the bottom
of the Schley seandal, and all about it should be
made clear

 

 

———

Brig. -Gen, SCHWAN must be compliménted
for having contributed one of the most enhglit-
ening criticisms on the Philippine situation that
bas come from the archipelago It is proper
to sav that it {4 one of the most hopeful. It
will be found in another column of this morn-

jugs SUN,

 

The first of the VAN Wyck brothers to speak
in the family defence tn connection with the
Armertean [ee Company, 4 trust born in Bryan-
ism, is his Honor the Mayor, Ropert. And a
very queer speech his is ‘The statement upon
the same subject by the other brother, AVGUB-
res, should be more in the form usual in de-
bate, and therefore, also, more in detail

 

‘Por prinetples which we belleve to be MeKin
levism, we have nothing but abhorrence Reaolu
ton adopled yesterday by the Gold Democrats of
Indiana

Yet the first distinctive principle of MeKin-
levis is the gold standard honest money
Wonderful js the perversity of discontented
faction

RT

IN SOUTH AFRICA,

Lord Roberts having advanced his head-
quarters from Kroonstad to the south bank of
the Rhenoster River, reports from there that
the Boers who had ceeupied a position athwart
the railway line beyond the Rhenoster had
retired during the night, flading their flanks
threatened by the mounted divisions under
Gens. Hamilton and French Lord Roberta
speaks of the passage of the Khenoster having

been stubbornly contested, but does not
say at whieh point, though from the
part said to have been taken in the

fighting by Gen, Smith-Dorrien’s brigade, which
belongs to Gen. Colville’s division, it seems to
have been in bis own front. ‘The resistance was
probably made by the Boer rear guard to cover
the retirement of the convoys and main body
to the Vaal and bevond, as there are no posi-
tions where they can safely make a stand south
ofthatriver, The destruction the bridge
across the Rhenoster and other railway works
in their rear will somewhat delay the British ad-
vanes, and give the retreating Boers time to
erossthe Vaaland destroy the railway bridge
at Viljoens Pritt

Thesituation is becoming interesting because
of the determination to carry on the war to the
end, arrived at in consequence of the refusal of
the British Government to consider’any pro-
posals for a cessation of hostilities short of un-
conditional surrender. ‘The Free State capital
has been removed to Vrede, eighty miles east of
Heilbron, and President Steyn is supposed to

ot

have gone there, though it is =more
probable that he is with one of the coms
mands in the — fleld The reports of
wholesale surrenders of Commandants with

their men are not confirmed, but there appear
to bea considerable number of submissions of
individual burghers in the districts covered by
the advance of the British army. Of the reso-
Jntion of the Transvaaglers to continue the flaht

there seenis nov no doubt, and it appears
equally certain that if they find tt) neces-
sary to do so in self-defenee they will
not hesitate to wreck the mines of the

Rand that have brought then all their trouble
tat Johannesburg states

State Mining

THE SUN Corresponder

on the authority of the Transvaa

Fngineer, Mr. Klimke, that the work of de-
struetion can be accomplished in two days, but
that both himself and Prosident Krier are op-
posed ta such action rh juestion, however,
has tts military side, and that may prevail

Tt is a little sarpe to learn that rebellion

 

in active form stillexists in the British territory
Warren is re-
portedto have badasmart brushat Douglas
Griqualand West with a party of rebel
who, after their defeat, retired
Charlies Warren now on
and where any reverses
may would pot have the con-
sejuences that followed the affair of Spion
The Boers are evidently still in posses-
sion of Laings Nek, but itis uncertain whether
they willattempt to hold it against Gen. Buller
in the event of his trying to force his way into
the Transvaal by that route, It seems not un-
likely that he {s preparing a flanking move-
ment to avoid the losses inevitable to a frontal
attack of this formidable position.

west of the Free State, but Gen

in
Afrikanders,
north Sir
familiar

Is
ground,
he meet

hop

 

PHILIPPINE POSTAL SERVICE,

Director Vatlle Reports . Surplus of $21,968
at the End of the Last Quarter,

Wasttxaton, May 23.— In view of the charges
made during the agitation over the Cuban ser-
vice that the Philippine postal administration
has been conducted irregularly also, the Post
Office Department gives the following letter
Just received from Manila. It is dated April i4
and is signed by FY W, Vaille, Director of
Posts °

“Mail for the States will be despatched by the
transport Thomas to-morrow, Aprillé. Quar-
terly statements have not yet been received
from all stations, so it is not possible for me to
give you by this despatch ai complete
report of business during the last quarter
Receipts on account of sales of stamps (with
four stations to be heard from), $27 612;
count of box rents and
$855. total revenies, 6% . ‘The accounts tor
the quarter Lave not tall been paid, but the
expenses were considerably less than the re-

On Ao}
second-class matter,

  

ceipts, Cash surplus on hand = March 31,
$21,221; cash credit at San Francisco office,
$747. total cash, $21,988. All expenditures on

account of salaries had been made before this
count, and the only accounts outstanding are
those for foreign service and for supplies from
the States, oom all expense paid there will
remain a net profit pf over $16,000 for the eleven
months from May 1, 1890. This makes abso-
lutely certain a continuance of service until

June, 1900, without a deficit. Money order
business has been reported to a total amount of
$100,577."

AG. A. R, Candidate for Vice-President,

TO THE EDITOR OF |THE SUN—Sir, As an in
terested Republican allow mé to ask What ts the
matter with Col. A.D. Shaw, Commander of the G
A. R., for our next Vier President? He Isa public
man of large expertence, every body's friend, North
and South, one whose life work has been above re
proach; an ideal candidate

GRORGE M. MoCo sins, M.D,

FRANKPORT, N. Y., May 22.

Mourning Dress in Philadelphia,
Fromthe PAlladelphia Record

The most striking style in mourning dress for
women, which Is now frequently seen on Chestnut
sireet, laa Dright-colored shirt waist, with the mo rh
ing band around the left sleeve, and a black stirt
Dressmakers say the style among women {s attatning
wonderful approval, and in time the mourning wey!
aad sombre clothes will be no more

Easily Obtained.
From the Indianapolis Journa
Dobbs—I'm hard worked just now: my t
gir! is taking a vacation weld acted late
a How did she get a vacation this time o’
Dobbs- Get tt! Lots you know ;
Girls! She said she wanted it. met

 

 

pewriler

 

     

THE TELEGRAPH IN THE PHILIP-
PINES,

The Government bas issued a map, prepared
nuder the direction of Gen. Greely, showing
the progress made by the Signal Corps in erect~
ing telegraph lines and laying cables in the
Philippines It is gratifying to see that the
work Is already far advanced As planned
thus far it contemplates the connection of
Manila by wire with the most important points
onall the larger islands between the north end
of Luzon and the north coast of Mindanao, a
north and south distance of about seven hun-
dred and fifty miles Atleast two-thirds of this
work has already been accomplished, With the
uid of the British eable to Cebu only about one
hundred and «ixty miles of land wires and
cable are now required to place Manila in touch
With north Mindanao,

The svatet has been chiefly developed in
Luvon. Two lines of wires extend from Manila
to the north coast, one of them skirting the
weet shore and the other passing northward
through the rice flelds of central Luzon and the
rich tobaceo district of the Rlo Grande de Caga-
van to the tobacoo port of Aparri Large use
is made of cables to connect detached portions
of the land system. In the fresh waters of La-
gina de Bay, for example, three lines of cable
connect with land lines at four points on the
shores of the lake Another cable between
Cebu and Ormoc, on Levte, has brought that
large southern island into eleetrie communica-
tion with Manila. A number of the cables al-
ready laid and several of the projected lines
extend across deep indentations of the coasts,
saving the detour around the shores and con-
necting with land lines at elther end

If it had not been for the British cables land-
ing at Manila, Hoilo and Cebu, Spain would
have had no electric communication between
the capital and any part of the archipelago.
The entire system of land Jines, with the short
cables that unite therm, is the work of our Sig
nal Corps, and these lines now in operation are
probably over fifteen hundred miles in length.
The plan is to run ines north andsouth through
the main chain of islands with tranverse land
lines and cables extending across the archl-
pelago east and west and branches inall the
islands connecting iuportant points with the
trunk lines. This work is now in progress, or
completed, as the map shows, from the north
end of Luzon to the shores nearest to Minda-
nao. Twenty short lines have been built
between the central trunk line in Luzon and
important towns east and west of it. Sections
of the trunk Jines are now in operation in most
of the larger islands) Over one hundred and
fifty miles of land wires are now in service tn
Panay, about one hundred miles in Negros,
and fifty milea in Cebu, while the development
of the system in Luzon is far toward comple-
tion

The first purpose of these lines was, of course,
to serve our military needs. A good deal of
work remains to be done to make them of the
largest permanent efficiency. But the fact re-
mains that we are covering the archipelago
witha network of telegraphs which will be a
potent agency in ite development,

REVOLUTION IN COLOMBIA,

 

A Strong Defence of the Government.

To THe Epitok or Thr SunN-—Sir; T read
in your iasue of April 19 a letter from Mr. Oc-
tavio Puyana relating to the revolution in Co-
lombia, stating many things that are untrue

In the first place, it is false to affirm that the
revolution in Colombia is a war of independ-
ence, as there is no foreign rule over the coun-
try. Mr San Climento, our respectable Presi-
dent, is aColombian of high reputation, who
has served {n several administrations as Secre-
tary of State, Senator and Representative in
Congress, Governor of aDepartment and Judge
of the Supreme Court; he was elected to office
by an overwhelming majority

In 1885 and later in 1805 the Radicals made a
rising to overthrow the legitimate Government
and get into power, and, although they brought
some soldiers from Venezuela, they were de-
feated, and many of their chiefs ran away,
carrying with them large sums of money col-
lected for war purposes, It was undisguised
ambition that Jed them to promote this wicked
rebellion, when the republic was in a eritical
situation, on account of having paid the Italian
claims, and notwithstanding the depression of
our paper money. owing to the reduction of
Prices in coffee, one of our principal articles of
exportation, Tt was ambition that made them
solicit help from the neighboring republies and

promote the invasion of our territory, for which
they are convicted of the erimeof high treason.

Mr. Phyana goes so far as tolaffirm that the
Government of Colombia prohibited the publi-
cation of any news favorable to the American
Army at the time of the Spanish-American
War. Thatis also false, agcan be attested by
the American Minister at Bogota and by all the

 

  

Consular Agents at the Colombian ports. At
this ‘ry moment the expedition that
has crossed the tsthmus to survey the
route for the interoceanic canal — has
had all the protection required from
the Government and people of Colombia.

Asimple glimpse at our map will show that the
rebellion is reduced to one corner of the re+
public, where it is losing daily its mercenary
soldiers, and where it will receive very soon its
quietus z

It is very well for the rebela to buy merce-
nary soldiers from Venezuela, Equador and Nic-
aragua, but to try to enbitterthe good feelings
of the Government and people of the United
States against our Government is a felonious
action

The rebela of to-day are the companions of
Prestan and Cocobolo, and they have in thetr
ranks many of the same achool that proclaim
the same principles.

The burning of the bridges of the C. and M
Railway and thexeizure of the steamboats be-
longing to the American company is a proof
that the rebels have no resnect for property.

Cuenta, the only city where they have their
headquarters, is to-day a dreary desert, where
famine plague and misery reside

The Government has 60,000 men, the largest
army ever seenin South America.

At this very minute news comes of the defeat
of the rebels in Santander,  ELApIo Ferrer, .

CARTAGENA, Mays, ° * ae

Playground Wanted tn 14th Assembly District.

To THR Fvrron OF THE SUN-Sir: We know
that there are playgrounds In the efly where the
ehildren have a great deal of sport. As we have no
playgrounds around our district we feel very lone
some, We love to play ball, but we have no place to
play in, The nearest place to usis Thirty fifth street
and Pirstavenue, Is there no chance fox having one
in the Fourteenth Assembly district?

COOPER SPNIOR CLUB, 269 Avenue C,

New York, May 22

 

Rockefeller Adds 85,000 to India
Famine Fund,

( contribution of $5,000 from John D. Rocke

feller was received yesterday by the Committee

of One Hundred on India Famine Relief. Other
contributions made the total for the day
$6948 44, ,

3.

Charge of Alfred Austin,

(Written under tne
not his great

 

snapiration and in humble imita
uric on the relief of Mafeking.)
Walting, with pen in hand,
For triumph of England
On South Afrtea's strand
Sat the laureate
renuinst a writing pad—
Desire frantic he had
fo make Englishmen glad
With rhythmte treat

6

Hark’ ‘tis (he newsboys now
Hioonming is thelr row
Ulestry' Mafeking sifet’’
For the @lad poet
lashed he to pad his pen
Charged prosody rules then,
As he§iid before often
Or i'm @ forat.

Know

(harged he with broken met

res and with uneven feet,

\ceont stress misplaced, great
Pronounciations,

Vled prosody pell-mell,

Dactyl and spondee fri|

While wrote Alfred \ike— well
Startling the nations.

Lo he is atht yet,
wats trochees- en effet
Slaught ring —nor up he'll let

Tired «f it are you?
When shall be out be played?
His pen cruel be stayed’
Ob! the wild poem he made—

Wouldn't tt jar you?

PATRICK J, TANSEY,

CHINESE IN THE PHILIPPIV Es

Minister Wu's Efforts to Have the Restrictions
Removed.

WaAsHING TON, May 23.— The Presidents. 4
transmitted tothe Senate e@mimunioniio..
Seeretary tay relative the erat ‘
Chinese in the Philippine Tstond {
notes from the Chinese Minister ot Wyo
setting forth reasoos why in the opin )
Government the Chinese Pxyeclision
not be applied inthe Philippines |

iv

of these notes, dated Feb od, isu. ator ¢
the ratification of the Pams Treat M :
Wit inquires what policy the \
Government intended to adopt 4 oy 4
Chinese immigration to 1! 4
The Chinese poprlation ino the faligd ri

elared to be very larwe, enwaged

of life, and had intermarned witht
pine races. Free immilaratihonand
conumerce had exlsted in the past. and vw
Wu asked, on behall of his Gove +
nothing be done to disturb those y

abridve the mebts and priv
Joved in the tslands by the Chinese

ws

 

  

On Sept. 12 last Minister W ifte
notice from the State Departnient &
Chinese Exclusion laws had bee: i *
forced by the military order of (. tas
a year before the date, presenis tos ‘—
Hay and through him to the Preside j

Congress, the “most earnest aud
test of the Timperial Chinese oo
against the existence and entoroe i+
order as contrary to internation nd
comity, in violation of the spirit
treaties, and in utter disregard of the} \
relations which should exist be ween coe yy
Governments.’

Minister Wuon May 7 renews his of
have the restrictions as to labo
and ina note to Secretary Hay

“Tt is the earnest wish and hope ol 1
ment that this question be dealt: with by 14
Government of the United States ina lycra.
and liberal spirit, having In view the «
ance and enlargement of the existing
relations between the two countries
Imperial Governinent feels that the rs

  

 

the adoption of an exclusive

the United = States respecting «

laborers do not hold sin in othe oP
ines, but that, on the contrary

rom the testimony of many

Ah @rion
and Enropean travellers and observers, pe
presence of Chinese is indispensable rn. te
proper development of those island. | ¢

confident that if Congress be put in poss
of all the information possible on the sats

60 as to enable it to consider the quest '

{ts bearings, it will, in its unerring wiedom, en
act such measures, When the proper tiie cones
as will be satisfactory to all concerned Wye
this object in view T beg to request thar yoy
will kindly transmit fo the Congrass eopoesot
my notes to the Department on this s.)

  

   
     
   
  
  
  
  
 
   

ANTICCANTEEN BILL,

House Committee on Military Affairs Ordersa
Favorable |Report on tt.
WaAsHINOTON, May 23) -The House Comp tree
on Military Affairs to¢day ordered a fayorale
report upon the Bowersock Anti-Canteen bi
The vote was® to 3, as follows

Ayes -Mesars. Marshof Illnois, Ketcham of New
York, Capron of Rhode Island, Dek of On .
of New York, Lentz of Ohio, Hay of Virginia 41 of
llinots and Hull of lowa

Noes—Mesars. Parker of New Jersey, Steve t

Wisconsin and Slayden of Texas

Messrs. Brownlow of Tennessee, Monde! «
Wyoming, Esch of Wisconsin and Brou--ard
Louisiana did not vote

A change was made tn the wording
bill so as not only to abolish the canteen, |
prevent the sale of liquor on ary pr ps
owned by the United States, whict
elude the Capitol and all branches
Soldiers’ Home, The bil was kupy
Rev Wilbur. F. Crafts, head of the
Bureau, and Mrs 4) Ellen Poster, and
opposed by Secretary Root, \diutant-te
vorbin, Gen, Miles and a miniority of the of
of the Army. The bill teads as follows

“That the sale of or dealing in beer wire +
anv intoxicating drinks a8 a beverage ty ony
person in any post exchange or cant
franaport or won any premises used or ow
by the United States is hereby prohibwted

“Secijon? That the penalty for ar
tlon of this act shall be not less than $ >
not more than #00 for each offence ”

would

 

 

  
 

DEFICIT IN) PORTO RICO,

The Revenues for the Past Two Months Not
Sufficient to Meet the Expenditares
WaSHINGTON, May 23. Inquiry intot)
cial condition of Porto Rico has she t
a deficiency inthe revennies of the!
the fiseal vear ending eould
avoided, At yesterday's Cabinet meet '

 

June ao

egagee ae

subject was discussed and plans were « oO
ered for meeting the deticienc® Phe stat: de
of a deficit does not referty the ar m
inoney in the treasury of the island, but 4

that the revenues of Porto Rieo during the |
ten months and a half have not ter
tomeet the expenditures Po meet t
ciency it has been decided to use part o!
money appropriated by Conwress to reint
Porto Rico for the eustonis duties «
this country on imports fron: the island
The question of civil appointiients is occu
ing the attention of the President, and =
conferences have been held with Secret
Root on the subject To-day Seeretary |
was again atthe White House regarding
selection of civil officials, the mamesof «
are to be sent to Congress within a short t

“IF ALLAN ROBERTSON CAME 10
SANDWICH.”

 

$4 S55

 
 

om

are

The Difference Between Old Golf and New.

From Golf [bwatrated

If Allan Robertson, poor ghost, were to come
to Sandwich there is no doubt that he would La
avery badly surprised ghost Indeed ‘Ther:
little question that if we could overhear the lo-
structive comments of the golfer from
Elysium surveying for the first time the Sand-
wich links those comments weuld run seme
whaton this line: "No gouf
fine game, maybe, but juist no moufava Jute
bunker whacking "" The shade of Allan!
ertson might say, as he gazed at the prods
“Maiden,” or contemplated, aghist, the carne
at the second hole, the third, the f
fifth, and, in faet, every one ot
certie, but Hell's nae mair than on flea bite

old

ava A KA

then

you!” the bunker named Hell on the St An-
drews links
Tt is quite true, That parleus! ed

frontal attack while he had fair hopes
ing the position by outflanking
But these bunkers of Sandwiel ther ne
flanking The cunning head and thy
eye are here of no avail unless
strong arm te back them. The bonkers |
be carried, without comprons
Of thesortof manthar thi !
Was we may form some iden from theotter
story of bis douce mannerof! pla
hole at St. Andrews, Heat
This hole he used to negotiate wil ree
short spoon shots, the first tist ove \\
shaw
second over those bunkers,
haps with a baffv, o1
not a would-be champ
would rest content wi
would accept
green in three
@Andthat.in a
tween the golf of to-day
Robertson. He was the day ot

ts the day of the “far.”
Hornack G

the ?

  

 

 

the

 

 

"and short of the other bunker
ind the tt j

to tl green }

 

the
and notgoout te tth
nutshell, is the differer
nd that of
the

neeessitv of reuse 4

   

Heres

Wild Antmal Trust

From the Balt res
eorporation has t heen ¢ ed

to contre % tr ed

°
=

d
Compa u

fsthe Frank © Bostock MS
ne and Exhibition
davs ago in Charleston, WO Va
ration being under the laws of that
Mr
wild arimal market of
and his brother is si
ence to the marke
large interests in th

France and it
of

Bostock practically cor

the ton Is

ZaopscecR oS

 

wiry '

 

hiatal
line
Is proposed teoor
eved that
the )
of exper
Ir
tend
eorp \
f the ¢
urday lust, t nk ¢
President

ile

eo-o
~

these ft ia he
business can be more
and
ham
tock
incident to th

At a ines
mond, Va,
was elected and Wit ot

Ur, general counsel of the cory

 

infee wer.
O'Brier

intere

 

Who repre
edto the ry

 

    

  

’ M |
tock managed Balunere ke

winter,

Zou we

bunker is not a circumstance to the '
run of the hazards of Sandwieh = It would
comfortably into a corner of any one of t
and they would not know it’was there, a :
sideration which would doubtless grievs
shade of Allan Robertson very much, He
wont In life to cireumvent these and
hazards of the St. Andrews links by his ex
tive cunning He was not, by all acount,
man to take his fate in his hands and dare t!
\

object of whieh is

animal ,aarket af this country, it t !
the world

| [he charter of the conpany, wh

| the