rt BS : 2 i
WEATHER genre a
Showers to-day and probably to-mor-
row; fresh east winds.
Highest temperature yesterday, 68; lowest, 64.

Detailed weather reports on editorial page.

———
———>

VOL. LXXXVI.—NO. 3652,

 

 

——

)PRICE TWO CENTS.

ne

 

NEW YORK, MONDAY, AUGUST 18,

 

 

a

 

 

 

1919,—Copyriont, 1919, by the Sun Printing and Publishing Association,

+444

gsi

 

 

 

 

 

4

A 1.S.HAS PLANS . MEXICANS HOLD

R.T.SUBWAY AND ‘L’ LINES
SURFACE CARS OVERWHELMED BY CRO

TIED UP TI

HT;

WDS:

WORST TRANSIT JAM IN HISTORY DUE TO-DAY;
SUPREME COURT INJUNCTION IGNORED BY MEN

 

TO ACT AGAINST
MORE GOUGERS

Anti-Trust Suits Will Be
Used to Reach Producers
of Commodities.

 

|

 

EXPECT QUICK RESULTS

 

Resumption of Work by Rail
Shopmen Likely to Be
Beneficial.

 

Special Despatch to Tum Svx.

Wasuinoton, Aug. 17.—Several new
anti-trust suits aimed at producers
or those who control production of
basic commodities, raw materials that;
eventuality go into cost of living, prob-
ably will be brought in the near fu-
ture. It is known that a number of
such actions are under consideration

 

 

by the Department of Justice, and in
several instances early decision is ex-
pected. It is likely that one or more
will be filed this week.

Assistant Attorney-General Ames !s
working day and night reviewing data
prepared by Department of Justice

2 U. §. AIRMEN;
ASK BIG RANSOM

$15,000 Is Demanded for
Lieuts. Davis and Peter-
son, Missing Fliers.

 

 

DEATH IS THREATENED

 

Efforts Being Made to Collect
Money With Which to
Pay Tribute.

 

Marra, Tex., Aug. 17.—Letters pur-
porting to be from Lieuts. Paul
H. Davis and Harold G. Peterson,
American Army aviators missing since
last Sunday, were received here to-
day at military headquarters.

The letters stated the aviators were
being held by bandits for $15,000 ran-
som somewhere in Mexico and were
threatened with death.

The demand for the ransom was re-
ceived here to-day and a report made
at once to Major-Gen. Dickman, com-
mander of the Southern Department.
An unconfirmed report also was re-
ceived here that the aviators were be-

 

PREJUDICE AGAINST JEWS
GROWS IN CENTRAL EUROPE

 

Anxiety Caused in Capitals of Prussia, Bavaria, Aus-
tria and Hungary—Blamed hy Ignorant
for Wave of Bolshevism.

 

By @ Staff Correspondent of Tan Sty.
Copyright, 1919, all rights reserved,
BERLIN, Aug 15 (delayed).—The
steady rise of anti-Semitic feeling in
Central Europe is beginning to cause
anxiety not only in Jewish circles but
in those of the Governmehts as well.
This feeling in Berlin has resulted in
several street rows in the last few
days, while a veritable pogrom atmos-
phere is reported from Munich, Vienna
and Budapest.

An official anti-Semitic newspaper
has been established in Berlin, over
the street sale of which a shooting
affray occurred yesterday, one man
being wounded seriously. To counter
that movement an organization has
been formed to combat anti-Semitism.
In Berlin the feeling has not ap-
proached anything like a dangerous
phase, but in Munich and Budapest
the situation, according to reports,
quickly could become grave.

In those cities it constitutes a re-
action to Bolshevism, where reaction-

   
  
  
     

ary agitators and others, who lost
property taken by the Bolshevists,
are endeavoring to place the respon-

sibility chiefly on the Jews, who are |

accused of being the chief leaders of
the extreme radical movement in most
countries, In view of this steadily
rising tide of anti-Semitism the better
class Jews and those who are most
influential are belng urged publicly
to cut loose from the radical mem-
bers of the race by denouncing Bol-
shevistic agitation and to do all they
can to check the growing influence
of the class known here as ‘Russian
and Galician Jews,” who were the
leaders in the Munich and Budapest
Soviet movement.

Unscrupulous agitators, besides en-
deavoring to identify Bolshevism as a
Jewish movement, also are trying to
arouse feeling among the ignorant by
attributing the high prices of ever®
thing to the Jews. The German Gov-

ernment is watching the situation
closely.

 

BRITAIN TO TAKE STAGE STRIKERS

$$ ———_—_—_---——- ---_— -—.«

|
|

 

|

| cent.

FIREMEN WANT WEEK DAY RUSH

30 T0 65 P.C.

MUST GO AFOOT |

WAGE RAISE, TOREACH WORK,

vide New Locomotive
Equipment.

‘WOULD COST $200,000,000

Overtime Rates Also Are Fixed
by 800 Brotherhood
Chairmen.

CLEVELAND, Aug. 17.—A 85 to 65 per/|
increase in wages is demanded |

for 117,000 firemen and ostlers on rail-
roads in the United States and Canada
in a wage scale adopted before ad-
journment to-day by 300 general
chairmen of the Brotherhood of Lo-
comotive Firemen and Enginemen in
session here since Tuesday.
Another demand to be presented to
the Director-General of Railroads is
that all coal burning locomotives in
road service weighing 200,000 pounds
and over shall be equipped with me-
chanical stokers and that two firemen

| Roads Also Required to Pro-| Surface Lines Admittedly | HOOTS AND HOWLS FOR MAYOR;

 

Not Able to Make a Dent
in the Traffic.

“Get Yours, Never Mind the Public,”
Cry of Strikers, Who Threaten to

Stay Out Two

Months to Win.

60 Per Cent. Advance

 

MUST APOLOGIZE TO END STRIKE

JITNEYS MAY HELP some Not a Wheel Turns and Power Plants for
| Green Car Lines Are Crippled—Police
Swarm Stations but Find Nothing to Do

 

Large Employer€, “Spend Sun-
day Trying to Evolve Means |
of Transit. |

—.

The subway and elevated strike hit
Manhattan and The Bronx lightly be-
cause New York for the most part
stayed home. With lowering clouds

| and threatened rain it was not a Sun-

day for gallavanting.

But even the light traffic of yes- |
terday gave evil augury of what will|
happen this morning when the hun-
dreds of thousands in The Bronx, on

Washington Heights and spread along, than. an hour in reaching their destinations.

 

The Interborough strike is on.

Not a car moved after

5 o’clock yesterday morning over any of the company’s subway
or elevated lines, excepting one train which was operated on

each branch to comply with the road’s charter.

New York

either waiked or took slow moving surface cars and buses.
Appalling conditions are expected when to-day’s business

rush gets under way.
was well proved yesterday, w

The inadequacy of the available service
hen persons travelling long dis-
‘tances in Manhattan and The Bronx suffered delays of more

With residents

the outér edges of Manhattan Island/of the two boroughs swarming down town and the greatest
arteries of travel stopped the city is promised to-day the

all the way to the Battery start for
work.’ There will be not a single sub-
way

or elevated train for them—ana| Worst traffic snarl in its history.

agents and law officers trained in trust ing held at a point close to the Ameri- shall be employed on all such locomo- | ®"¥Y one who has seen those subway | Indications last night were that residents of The Bronx
operations. No official statement willl mous bandit of the Big: Bend-Ofinaga tives until they are so equipped. =, retin 3g eae ” = morning and Harlem might not be able to reach the downtown dis-
. 2 ¥ ‘ , 7 y nor- ‘ ha :
district, was the leader of the band H AND IN MEXICO P AR ADE TO-D AY About Halt Ot ‘the gyeb) anainns th) Te a el may wander what is| trict before noon. A general mobbing of buses at all points
holding the aviators. the United States will come under this , lis ex * :
manufacturers of New York, New} The whereabouts of the bandit ren- Wan be proposal, only about 5,000 of which|‘'® happen. ' pected, and the automobile truck profiteer will have the

Jersey, &c.. will not become known
until suit is brought in one of the
District Courts of the country,

Administration officials engaged in
the belated effort to assault the fortifi-
cations of the profiteers and bring
about a reduction in the general high
cost of living believe that in the com-
ing week the first results of their
campaign will be disclosed.

be made, however. Any additional
suits like that filed against %

Many Libels Returnable,

Of the hundreds of libels against
hoarded food instituted last week many
will be returnable within a few days.
This means that the actual figures will
be at hand and with the various totals
the Administration will have a clearer
idea of where it stands in the fight to
bring relief to the public.

The purpose of Attorney-General
Palmer's trip to New York, while osten-
sibly to address a meeting on the Gov-
@trment’s campaign to reduce prices,
éctually will be to survey the situation
there and obtain seme idea of how his
ermy of agents is cooperating with the
Btate and municipal authorities. Mr.
Palmer wants first hand information as
te the volume of hoarding and as to the
attitude of both sellers and buyers of the
necessities of life In a great city. He
believes he can obtain in New York in-
formation which will furnish valuable
guidance in the campaigns in all the
major cities.

Government economists are watching
with keen interest for the effect of Gov-
ernment gales of food and clothing.
Much is expected “from these sales by
the economists, who say that putting

dezvous, from which the American
aviators were believed to have sent
their message, is unknown here. Be-
cause of the rugged, rough nagure of
the country south of the border, loca-
tion of the bandits’ camp by airplanes
would be almost impossible,

There are many box canyons in
which they could hide without being
GCetected from the air or by Mexican
cavalry searching for them.

Dawkins Kilpatrick of Candelaria,
Tex., sent a message to the Mexican
bandits late to-night urging them to post-
pone the time limit fixed in the demand
for the payment of $15,000 ransom for
the release of Iieufs. Davis and Peter-
son until Wednesday, because of delay
im receiving their demand at the border.

A message from a former Villa fol-
lower, now a member of the bandit band,
was received at the border late to-day
threatening to kill’'the American avia-
tors if any evidence of military move-
ments to search for the Americans was
seen on the American side of the border.
This message was addressed to Dawkins
Kilpatrick.

PETERSON WIRES HE
IS IN GRAVE PERIL

Urges Payment as Only
Means of Saving Life.

MINNBAPOLIS, Minn., Aug. 17.—The
following telegram was received by Mrs.
8. G. Peterson at Hutchinson to-day
from her son, who is held by Mexican
bandits for ransom, It was given out
here to-night by the aviator’s fathers

 

Cooperation of U. SvWill Be
Sought in Absence of
League of Nations.

 

MAY FORCE NEW REGIME

Speedy Action Against Car-
ranza Is Planned to Pro-
tect Interests.

 

Special Despatch to Tue Sry.

WASHINGTON, Aug. 17.—In view of
the fact that the League of Nations
is not yet in operation the British
Government will deal with First Chief
Carranza through the Government of
the United States. 3

There will be no attempt to anticti-
pate the league by taking this Ameri-
can question out of American juris-
diction and asking European Powers
to dictate the policy to be pursued.
Officials here expect the following
steps to be taken by Great Britain the
moment it becomes evident that Car-
ranza is really placing British in-
terésts in jeopardy:

First—Consolidation with the Gov-

ernment of the United States as to
the methods which Britain believes

 

To-night a Benefit Will Be
Held to Provide Further
Sinews of War.

 

MANAGERS TAKE SEA TRIP

Week's Campaign Laid Out on
Yacht—Stage Hands to
Mark Time.

Planning the campaign for the com-
ing week occupied both sides in Broad-
way’s feud yesterday. The theatrical
managers spent a large part of yes-
terday in a secret conference on the
actors’ strike, which was reported to
have taken place on the yacht of
Col. Henry W. Savage, though since
their whereabouts were reported from
& source close to the managers them-
selves, this was looked upon as a stage
setting, designed to throw the Equity
off the trail.

While heads of the stage hands
union stated they would not cali out
their men in other theatres for the
present, officials of the Actors’ Equity
Association were apparently more con-
cerned yesterday with the outcome of

ee

are equipped with mechanical stokers
at present.

In. accepting the repert ef.the wage
committee, appointed at the opening
session last Tuesday and which only
completed and presented its report Sat-
urday morning, discussion of which took
up yesterday's and to-day's conferences,
some modifications were made, but the
report was adopted in the main part.

Wage Demands Detailed.

The more important sections of the
report follow:

Rates of pay for firemen and helpers
in passenger service, $6.50 per day of
100 miles or less, except when Mallet
engines are used, when $7.20 shall be
paid.

Overtime in passenger service wil! be
computed on the present basis, at a
speed of twenty miles an hour.

In freight service on engines weighing
lesg than 200,000 pounds firemen shall
be paid $6.50 and on engines weighing
over 200,000 pounds §6.80 per day of
100 miles or less, overtime to be com-
puted on basis at a speed of twelve and
one-half miles per hour.

Firemen and helpers employed in
local or way freight service, mixed
trains, mine runs and other service shall
be paid a minimum of 50 cents per 100
miles or less in addition to the through
freight rates.

Firemen employed on feiper, pusher,
transfer work, wreck, construction, snow
plough, circus, milk and all other trains
in unclassified service shall be paid
through freight rates according to vlass
of engine used.

Firemen employed on Mallet engines
in all service, except yard service, shall
be paid $7.20 per day for 100 miles or
less.

City officials and officers of large
business firms spent most of yester-
day planning and worrying about it,
and plan s@tiageukieghey could not
do away with all of the worry, for
the problem is plainly an unsolvable
one.

There will be many emergency means
of transportation. Surface car lines
will run the maximum of their equip-
ment on a sort of. glorified circus day
schedule, The New York Central will
bring 60,000 extra passengers into the|
Grand Central. The North and the East |
Rivers will be made urban highways
for the first time in many years with
fleets of ferries and other craft plying;
between the upper and the lower ends
of the island. And the streets will be
flooded with buses and moter driven
conveyances of every description.

Tardy Clock Punching Certain.
\

But these means wil) be admittedly}
far from adequate to get New York to:
work. Those who are fortunate will
have to add an hour or more to the time
they expect to spend in transit to their
daily toll. They will be the fortunate
ones who succeed in crowding themselves |
aboard one or the other of the emergency
lines, Thousands of others, however, |
in all probability will be compelled to]
add several hours to their travelling |
time, for there will be countless numbers }
who will have to wait for a long time |
before they can get a toehold, much
less a foothold, on theltgway down town
this morning.

Joseph A. Guider, Brooklyn Commis-
sioner of Public Works and acting
President of the Boroysh, spent all of
yesterday and far into last night scout-

 

crowds at his mercy. Surface

cars that crawled and jammed

yesterday at various points are expected to become seriously

crippled with the strain to-day.

Hudson River and East River

steamboats will carry a few thousands of the millions affected.

Green and Red Car Lines Continue to Operate.
So far surface car traffic is normal everywhere within
the strike zone. The green cars of the New York Railways
Company were operated yesterday in slightly enlarged num-

bers,
efforts were being made

but there were clearly defined indications that valiant
to effect a strike of the employees of

that company, which is an Interborough subsidiary. A strike
of the green car men may be brought about on short notice.

The red cars of the Thi

rd Avenue Railroad Company

were not affected at all, and the workmen of that company

said they were free so far

of the fever for unionization.

Green car employees, on the other hand, said flatly they were
formulating demands which sooner or later would be sub-
mitted with a strike ultimatum to bolster the workers’ posi-

tion.

No one knows how long it will be, though, before the

demands are ready for presentation.

The injunction signed by
P. Lydon forbidding the strike
but a scrap of paper.

Supreme Court Justice Richard
was to all intents and purposes

Not a copy of it was served until the

wheels had been stopped and the tieup was complete.

Hylan Appeals to Men, but They Disregard His Pleas.

: Firemen and helpers employed in ° .
. Marra, Tex., 1:40 P.M., Aug. 17.— should be employed. the parade and the first benefit per- yard service shall be paid $6.50 per day |ing the suburban towns of New Jersey, Mayor Hylan, who has maintained rsiste ,
= Com goede in Fete at pees -- Mrs, eth Petersén, Hutchinson, Becond—Speedy carrying into ef- | formance at the Lexington Theatre to-| of eight Shines or on $ De Y | Weatchester county, Connecticut and pe ntly that the

beund to have an effect on prices
through a shortening of demand upon
the retail dealers.

Minn. The following telegram has
been received from your gon:
“CANDELARIA, Tex., Aug. 17.—Mra

fect whatever policy the British de-
cide upon after obtaining the tacit
approval of the American State De-

day than they were with the outcome
of the strike. The Winter Garden

except when
Mallet engines are used, when rate of
$6.80 shall be paid.

Long Leland for buses. He believes
that before to-day is done he will have
1,200 of them plying on regular routes

strike was promoted by officials of the company ‘in order to
force an increase of fare, wrote a long letter to the men ap-

Demands for Overtime. . j
S. G. Peterson, Hutchinson: Davis partment. Performance was unhinder for a ten cent fare and granted excep- | pealing to them to resume w x .
1 Pl ea and myself had forced landing in Third—Despatch of British war- niehé e tant A demand for time and one-half for] tional facilities by the traMec officers. : “fp i ; ork and telling them that he
Another Blow Planned. Texas on border. Were captured by | ships to Mexican waters. | ine pumiiaering “aes dada de aia ct K whala aaeee Hee eerntck almost | Came rom the ranks” himself and understood their situa-
i i i ss t rade, it is estimated, will be d yhich will apply wt that many huge subway cars, each j4: es .
The Administration expects to strike Villista Mexican bandits and are be ‘ “eo Mi e para made, w ppl hen men are ) r | . . ay P
gunthen sia early in the week. For-| ing held for $16,000 ransom to be paid William Cummings. the British, Charge | P&"tictpated in by about, 4,000 thespiang| used on Sundays or holidays, carrying more than a hundred per- tion better than most public officials possibly could.
mal proclamation of the end of the um-| to Dawkins Kilpatrick, storekeeper | 4,4 mires trom Mexico, generally is re-|f both sexes, making the greatest dis-| Inside ostlers shall be paid $6.80 per|sons. Mr. Guider admits that his *wo epee i}? The strikers at an all dav meeti
Ruthorized strikes declared by railway| in Candelaria, ‘Tex, not later than arded as forecasting an out and out| play of dramatic talent ever seen Ab day and outside ostiers $7.20 per day | jitney service will be only a weak substi- D Y ea, an ail day meeting
shopmen in various sections of the coun-| Aug. 18, or we will be killed. Cor- on between Carranza and the Brit-:3:80 this aft » ADout) and ostlers’ helpers $6.50 per day,| tute. Pee | 1,600 UTCH TOWNS | Spent much time in délivering verbal
try is probable to-morrow or Tuesday.| respond with Secretary of War, |. Dauracss: Wa cee ede dt ernoon prominent actors] eight hours or less to constitute a day's| The same conditions, in all probability, AR j attacks up he Mayor i
In answer to the appeal and declara- Major Walton, Firat Bombing Group, aaa this ete tua downfall. oe the and actresses will begin to assemble to work. All time work in exceas of eight | Will exist when New York starts home at M AGAINST REDS : pon the Mayor, threatening
tlen of the President and of the Director- El Paso, and Dr. Warren Davis, Carranza regime in Mexico in the rela- the north of Columbus Circle and at 4} hours to be paid at rate of time and| night. In addition to Me. cine One tte: riders Sod |to remain out two months If I:
General that the Government would not| Strathmore; Cal. I am in good tively near future. The methods which|P. M. moving southward along Broad-| one-half. public efforts to meet the situation,

treat with the men while any of their
Number were out on strike, the shopmen
have returned to work in every section
except in New England. A large num-
der of men on the New Haven are atill
out, but they are expected to return to
Work to-morrow.

If to-morrow finds a great majority
ef the recalcitrants at work, announce-
ment will be made of the readiness of

health and spirits as I am sure War
Department will meet ransom. If
not, good-by, as they mean businesa
Love and don’t worry.
“HanoLp G. PETERSON.”
Any message you care to send him
will be forwarded by me.
LANGHORNE,
Colonel Commanding.
On his way to St. Paul to seek the

 

the British may employ to bring this
about are not yet clear, but it is re-
garded as not improbable that Mexico
may be to all intents and purposes cut
off from Europe if the_anti-British at-
titude of Carranza persists, and the ulti-
mate result of this would admittedly
mean the neceasity for a change of gov-
ernment in Mexico city.

It {s understood here that France is

way, they are scheduled to put into prac-
tice the experience gained in legging it
along the railroad ties between tank
towns,

Actors Who Saw Service,

Appropriately enough, the parade will
be headed by a band, though none of the
striking performerga will double in brass

In addition to the demand that all coal
burning locomotives in road _ service
weighing over 200,000 pounds be
equipped with mechanical stokers, a de-
mand is made that all coal burning loco-
motives less than that weight shall be
equipped with mechanical coal passers,
a mechanical device operated by steam
to keep the coal within the reach of the
firemen, and that all coal burning loco-

tails and schedules of which are given
elsewhere, scores of big private firms
were busy last night preparing truck
routes over which they expect to gather
in their employees living in. the two
boroughs chiefly affected.

Not a Whiff of Disorder.

The strike, huge as ft is) was wholly
without violence, Every available

Burgher Guerds Composed of
Citizens Ready to Act.

Special Oadle Despatch to Tum SUN from the
London Times Service.
Copyright, 1919, all rights reserved.
SGRAVENHAGE, Holland, Aug. 17.—In
order to be prepared against revolution-

 

ary undertakings 1,600 towns and vil- |

|to get the raise which can only be
| Siven to them through an increase of
|the fare rates, They said they had
|given New York @ taste of the tieup
lyesterday and that to-day it would
}get its “belly full." They made it
|known that the 50 per cent. which
they ask is to be in addition to the 10

lages in Holland have

the Railroad Administration to treat | assistance of ey omg A te ga ready and willing to cooperate with ee Shey ah be senowed by actors{ motives shall be equipped with power policeman was at an emergency post euntés caaalntiee ie permed surease per cent, raise given them last week,

with the men on their demands for| wired Col. Langhorn Great Britain in any methods directed} \ i+) Major Regin eB el n uniform, | grate shakers and automatic fire door] when the strike order went into effect armed and trained with the object of and further said that they would stat
3 higher wages, better working conditions | sent. against Carranza by the British. ‘The eginald Barlow setting the | openers. at 4 o'clock yesterday morning, many; defending public buildings and private ts ; ‘ Tes

&nd new shop rules. This will put into French jong have held that the situation war 6 om She, Wad 5. sr lce actors who} It is estimated that it will cost .$200,-| or them turned out without sleep after | property. Many of these burgher guards OU! “Until Red Mike apalogizes,”

and now shop rales: Thiel sail) nit Sap ARMY MEN PREPARE in ‘Shexion bad BAcemé bo uncertain asi” soe. nets in elvillan clothes ; 000,000 to equip the locomotives in the! , tour of duty on Saturday, Some took ee Bi hBiAlead ty INIRiG idee vale Further threats were made that the

of the transportation systems and is ex- practically to endanger all European ae OD be ae Equity Executive Coun-| United States with the different mechan-/the opportunity to catch naps in relays! though they pay their own expenses hig Interborough power } hich

pected to have a good effeet on business TO SEND $15,000 GOLD intereste. on ’ . “Nite Of the string roe | teal devices demanded by’ the firemen. in the subway and elevated stations to Up till now no serious objections have . power Houses, Walds

Benerally and on securities values, which a . ————— SS Denes ee com- eer aan ar which they had been detailed. Later in| been made against the formation of SUPPIY electricity to run dhe surface

Rave suffered considerably in recent : WILHELM PURCHASES the doakuiten * Wamse of the ee FIREMEN’S DEMANDS the day many of them were removed] these guards except from the Communist | Car lines, would be shut down. but

weeks as a result of disturbance and} Money Will Be Taken to cken ana aent’ 40 he ptatien’ houses for the

the threat of a general tieup.

Hines Not_to Be Technical,

The Ratiroad Administration is not
Msposed to stand out for strict tech-
nical compliance with the declaration
that negotiations would be stopped until

Place Designated by Bandits.

Bu Paso, Tex., Aug. 17.—An official
statement wes issued at military head-
quarters here to-night, signed by Brig.-
Gen. James B. Erwin, district comman-
der, announcing that Major L, A. Wal-

 

ESTATE IN HOLLAND

Buys Establishment in Village
of Doorn, Report.

 

Special Cable Despatch to Tux Bun.

oe ise cg a as aeeteapacemaiaanettiamenten tina

plays.

The next division will have the stage
hands and musicians for pathfinders,
Then another band will clear the air for
1,000 members of the Equity, led to
victory by William J. Kelly, They will
be followed by scores of women—that
doesn't sound proper, but it's the way

FILED WITH OTHERS

WASHINGTON, Aug. 17.—Demands of
American railroad firemen and hostlers
for increased wages and changed work-
ing conditions, as outlined in a wage
scale adopted to-day at Cleveland by the

 

TS SD eS a
SS SSS Ss sss >So sss sss sss sss SSS

rest that they will need so badly to-
day. The only real use for the police
yesterday was in the regulation of traf-
fic at certain congestion points like the
Brooklyn. Bridge, Third avenue and
149th street, Broadway and 181st street,
Third avenue and 126th street and about

parties,
have altered their attitude. In a meet-
ing in the Town Council of The Hague
Friday a bill was introduced to support
The Hague Burgerwacht with ten thou-
sand florine, with the result that the
Socialists started a furious obstruction,
thus making voting an Impossibility,

but lately the Socialist parties |

this was denied by persons in charge,
{It was sald instead that extra green
cars would be run to-day,

‘To the {ncapacitated rapid transit
| Service was attributed hy many the
postponement of the Giants’ game at

minal, perticularly ‘

‘he strikers returned to work. .It was|ton, commander of the aero unit at Conwrlaht, 10 all elphie retired, {t was announced—who will comprise| general chairmen of the Brotherhood of ens Sanne Teta’ peek arty we eeating a we acura’. the Polo Grounds, although at that
i ‘ndicated that if a few men hold out} Fort Bliss, had received a message from Lonpon, Aug. 17.—A despatch from actresses wearing the service uniforms| Locomotive Firemen and Enginemen, Third avenue throughout its length] issue of this conflict stadium the reason given was “wet

against a magority they will be disre-|the two missing aviators saying they Utrecht, Holland says that Wilhelm with which they helped put the country| probably will be consideréd along with and climaxing at 149th street was the} : ‘a ee grounds.”

Ferded particularly in view of the ear-|had been captured by Mexicans end aenhanenllernt) the. deetaen iealaet has |°",* war footing. Miss Sydney Shields|the demands of other railroad workers, busiest street in New York yesterday. | ; ;

Vert efforts of union leaders to get them | were being held for $15,000 ransom. sremaned the ceustty house ef Doorn} Wilt have charge of this amazonian| railroad administration officials said to- The teeming East Side didn't seem able| LOUVRE SOON TO BE REOPENED = Police guards fairly swarmed at all

work. The ransom must be paid by August a ceeaian adjoining it, in the village | S'vision, which will be followed by other | night. to stay at home and neither did those ——- a@iterborough plants. ‘There was a po-

Senate Agricultural Committee| 18, according to the message. a Moorn, five miles trom Amerongen womon war workers who will make up | Director-General Hines, although never| who live in The Bronx. Washington! French Museum Has Been Closed | iicamnan on every station of subw.

¥ resume investigation of the pack-; Arrangements were being made here avert) dente in iene thre ‘| by smiles for the fact that they wear’ stating definitely whether the demands | Heights, the lower West Side and other | inde Manat ocldne ual Bar, OB" SN OP, AON OF SUDWAY

‘ng industry to-morrow, Representatives | to-night to obtain $15,000 gold coin and ore eatata wah the property as civilian costumes. would be presented to one of,the railroad big residential sections of Manhattan | Bimce e e ar. and “Lh.” but they had nothing what-

of the larger meat concerns are en route|to send it to Marfa early to-morrow Baroness van Heemstra, but the pur- The picket brigade, coming next, will| administration's boards on’ wages andj seemed perfectly content with the neigh-j Paris, Aug. 17.—The Louvre, the na- ever to do. As all of the workers

for Washington for to-morrow's dis-| for payment of the ransom. This action — rice is not given in the deapatohes take their cues from Pearl Bindelar. aj|working conditions or would be settled! jorhood motion picture houge or the frre; tional museum, which has been closed |. ous there w Sate

cussion. The committee will at once| was deemed advisable to protect the ee , re band—one of these bands will be the! by direct negotiations, has said that alescape or the cushion for the elbows | to the public since the beginning of hos-| WC" Ouse There Was lo oceasion for

fonsider the Kenyon bill, and a report

 

 

Six Brown Brothers’ Jazz Band—will

 

Wage advance to one class of railroad

 

tilities, will be reopened ehortly.

| picketing or violence of any kind.

on the front window or pinochle or some }
, ™ the measu robably material! It is understood the aviators requested 000 bridge the gap between the pickets and| workers would force consideration of the|other indoor diversion of a quiet Sun-| It is belng completely cleaned anda | The only Interborough emp) ‘
modified may be expected ‘wichip a tew ont, bought ind Eola Sinetantty, claims of all the nation’s 2,000,000 rail- ; overhauled and is being painted for the the ‘stati th . Fetes oyees at
Weekes Continued on Hath Page, Sohn Muly & Oo, 1 Broedwey—advy Continued om Sieth Page, roed employees, Continued on Second Page. first time in fifty years. ne stations were the ticket sellers,

os

 

i

s

‘

5

i