a
bs

D

|

Ye

 

although members of the strik-

until the company sent for their
and tickets. It was explained
these men and women were un-
bond and would find themselves
e@erious trouble if they did other-

Despite the fact that enthusiastic
attended the all day meeting
the strikers held at New Star

attended that 90 per cent. of the men
opposed to the strike. ‘
Neither Frank Hedley, vice-presi-
Gent of the Interborough, nor Job E.
M es, receiver for the New York

City Railways, had comment tu
{ upon the situation, but both
B the day, carefully watching de-
| velopmenta.

euapension Happens Promptly.

The shutdown came with precision,
4 A. M., the hour announced by the
ough brotherhood for the walk-
eared, orders reached the various
Bt. to stop the sale of tickets.
- dt the pointed time trains began
ing irfto the terminals and unload-
their operators and guards, who shut
the lights, closed the gates and left.
en belonging to the brotherhood
their fires in the power houses
the company and walked out, leaving
a few workers not affiliated with
brotherhood to continue their work.
ral traine which had started a few
before 4 o'clock finished their
and then followed suit. As the
train passed over each line a special
of the Interborough announced
h a megaphone at each station
there -would be no further opera-

4

‘of
+

en

’ he crippling of the big power plants
! the New York Railways, known
‘As the Green Car Line, to suspend opera-
| for one hour, and from, 4 o'clock
‘until after 5 “early birds” had a very
hhara time finding means of transporta-
tion. This service was resumed, how-

ver.
' Reports to the effect that employees
had stated that they did not-care how
the strike might last because they
getting paid for being idle reached
ict Attorney Francis Martin of
Bronx and caused him to state that
would cooperate with District Attor-
Swann in probing charges of collu-
between the strikers and persons
might be interested in obtaining a
increase.
prosecutor said he was informed
some of the employees objected
striking on the ground that they were
Already getting $40 a week, and could
, at times $70, but that they were
ipelled to strike or suffer discharge.

) Migh Wage Talk Called Untrae.

_ AN of this kind of talk was branded
ae fmlee by the leaders of the Interbor-
ough brotherhood at a meeting at the
Star Casino at 197th street and
avenue. They

brotherhood, could not leave their

Casino, the Mayor said last night that
had@een informed by persons who

 

 

SN oe

TRIKERS SCOURGE H

 

 

Interborough since 4:15 P. M. yesterday,

and that’s why we vacated the Inter-

borough property at Forty-second street
our headquarters.”

‘onnolly’s parting advice to the
gathering before dissappearing to un-
known parts for the day was: "I want

you men to conduct thie strike In an!
orderly and peaceful manner, Not a
wheel will turm until our demands are
granted. You are well broken in by |
now. You have lived on starvation
wages for two and one-half years, and |
you can live for two weeks and maybe
two months more.” *

Before the strike leader left the hall
& questiqn arose over the admission of
newspaper men to the premises and Mr.
Connolly @mnounced that all such per-
sons were to be admitted excepting rep-
resentatives of the Hearst papers, |
against which the men are sorely ag-

eved. Admittance was refused to a
batch of photographers, however, be-
cause the men thought that they did not
have @ large enough crowd to show up
well in a picture. This was because the
speaking continued from 7 o'clock in
the morning until 5 in the -afternoon,
during which time the strikers drifted in
and out in varying numbers,

The attitude or some of the men to-
ward the travelling public was shown
by a demonstrati6n which they created
when Chatrman Cook of ' one of the
motormen's committees said: “You've
got them where you want them. There’s
only one thing to do—get yours and
never mind the public.”

Mr. Cook, known to’ thé men as}
“Doc,” told them that they had not been |
public servants but public slaves. “Every
passenger who paid a nickle for a ride
thought he was your boss,” he said. |

Hé told them that the public was so}
used to walking over the car men that
it had never been able to believe that
they would take things into their own
hands. oe

Getting Even With the Public.

“To-morrow is when you are going to
show them that you are men,” Cook
shouted. “You've got the public behind |
you to criticise you 100 per cent. but
you don’t get 1 per cent of praise. ‘They |
never said, ‘I've had a nice ride—you do
your work well.’ They can only sayy,
‘Why the hell didn’t you call out that’
station?’ or something like that.”

At an allusion to the Mayor one man
in the audience shouted: “If Red Mike
came up here we'd throw him out the
window.”

I. V. Hawkins, secretary of the station
men’s locals, and Harry Post, head of
the miotormen, both explained to re-
porters that the Organization had or-
dered its men to conduct the strike in
an orderly and gentlemanly manner.

Mr. Hawkins, who was one of the
sixty-five on whom the court injunction
was served, explained that it had not
reached him unt!l 4:30, while the time
set for the walkout had been 4 o'clock
in the morning. ;

Mr. Post, who had another copy, said
that all of the committee men would
appear in accordance with the provi-
sions of Justice Lydon’s order, but that
it was beyond their power to stop the
strike. Asked what they would do if

said that such! the injunction should be made permanent

wtories emanated from members of the! he said, “That's another matter.”
mateé Association of Street and |

ic Railway Employees who were
inted because their own attempte
eall a strike on the Interborough,lines
fizzled.
| Whe striking brotherhood members held
all day meeting at which thousands
their order attended to gloat over the
le that the walkout had caused.
_ They hooted the Mayor's name repeat-
yo he was crit!cised by one after
‘ er of their committee chairmen
spoke a few kind words for Public
Service Commissioner Lewis Nixon and
District Attorney Swann, who, they said,
had treated them more civilly than the
of the city government. They
4, roared, howled, cheered and
; approval when told that the
therhood would stay out, if necessary,
till hell freezes over."
_ Reports to the effect that Gov. Smith
on his way to the hall caused a
little flurry among the men and va-
jrious sentiments were voiced. While
ysome remarked in loud tones, “We'll ask
Shim why he doesn’t do something to the
[profiteers,” others advised most cour-
teous attentién to any remarks the Gov-
Sermor might have to make.

“No matter how he talks to you,” ad-

-Fyine@ Sergeant at Arms Cochrane, “you

        
  
    
   
 

mtst swallow it, and if it should be
necessary to answer him you should
i that to your leaders.”

Governor did not appear, but the
men finally decided that they didn’t care
to have him address a meeting like that
of yesterday, anyway, because they felt
that they did not have a large enough
Tepresenttion.

/ "Tf he wants to talk here.” said Coch-
, “he should send us notice, so that
all of our people around and

can get
our families, too. We want him
gee just who he’s dealing with.”

' Big Ovation Gtven Connolly.

: The greatest ovation of the day was

by the atrikets to their leader,

k J. Connolly, who on both Friday

and Saturday expressed his views in
ful terms to thé Mayor. 4

Acting President Connolly told them

“that if there was any conspiracy con-

tnected with the strike it was not be-

the men and the company but be-

ween the Mayor and William Randolph

fearst, whom he characterized as “the

a Mayor of the City of New York.”

bs
z

Tt was he who made the threat of
two months’ tie up, and the crowd
t wild when he declared, “We will
to the Interborough who can last
longest. We will see whose knees
ken first. I think we can stand It.
know we can. I haven't changed my
ws, and if it comes to the worst my
will hock the clock and the fur
joak and we'll stick it out.”
Gonnolly then referred to the service
the injunction upon him, as did a
number of other speakers who produced
the copies of the court order amid howls
sot laughter.
eT am prepared to answer this injunc-
‘tion. he said. “Let them take out of
me whatever is in me. The strike wae
ordered before the injunction was heard
thought of. I couldn’t have stopped
it, for you men would have struck any-
oo

We

*

         
      
       
  
      
     
   
  
    
  
    
   
    
     

 
 

) “Right! True! We would!
would!” roared his hearers.
' The little mah continued: “Let them
jock me up. Had they locked me up
before the strike began you men would
have struck anyway.”
“You bet we would!”
crowd.
“Hylan is so clever.” he said, “why
*t he take all the conspiracy out of
Hylan thought I represented a lot
ef dock rats. He cross-questioned me,
abut he didn’t fingerprint me. There is
‘a breaking point In human nature, and
when Hylan insinuated that I wasnt
the level, I told him he would never
the chance to do it again.”
Referring to the company he said:
C*We have not been friendly with the

howled the

  
    
    
  

a

earner fe
i

    
 
   

For

Latin American New

See
Pages. 12 -and 13+

 

The order requires the men to appear
in the Supreme Court to-morrow morn-
ing, and jts terms were discussed by
them In secret session. Last night they
had taken no steps to retain counsel
and apparently had not considered doing
80. They sald that they were running
the strike on voluntary contributions of
members of the therhood, for they
have no funds. They are hiring the
New Star Casino for use every day from
7 o'clock in the morning until 9 at
night, but were unable to occupy it last
night because an Italian opera company
had previously booked the hall.

Rival Union Won't Break Strike.

One story told from the platform wab
to the effect that 500 members of “the
Amalgamated Association of Street and
Electric Raittway Employees, the rival
“outside” unton, had visited Vice-Presi-
dent Hedley of the Interborough and
offered their services to run the trains,
but that the offer had been rejected.
Officials of thé Amalgamated, which is
affiliated with the American Federation
of Labor, denied this most vigorously
and said that no one in their organiza-
tion would act as a strike breaker in
any circumstance whatever.

In addition to the heavy police guards
which were placed about every power
plant, barn and other piece of property
of the Interborough, Second Deputy
Commissioner Lahey held 938 men in
teadiness to guard any trains that she
Interborough might attempt to ‘un.
Their service was not needed, however,
and early In the evening Mr. Hedley as-
sured Commissioner Lahey that the of-
ficers could safely go home and get a
sleep, as there positively would be no
attempt at operation during the night.

At 1224 street and Broadway, where
the subway enters the tunnel, Patrol-
man Hanrahan of the precinct force ar-
rested a man who he discovered trying
to enter the tube by way of the tracks.
The man attempted to run away, and
when caught gave his name as Daniel
Hayden. He at first said he was an In-
terborough employee, but could produce
no credentials to prove this, Finally be
said that he had merely wanted to see
how the subway looked without any
trains running. He was held on a
charge of unlawfully trespassing upon
the Interborough property.

Mayor Hylan conferred at length with
Commissioner Enright last night at Po-
lice Headquarters, but neither would
make any comment afterward excepting
to remark that the city was doing its
Part.

The Mayor already had written a 2,000
word letter to the strikers telling them
that if the city got the subways it could
operate them at a five cent fare rate
and pay good salaries as well. He urged |
that they submit their differ:ences to
arbitration and said that he would be}
glad to meet any or all of the strikers |
whom he addressed as “you boys” at |
any hour of the day or night. j

Hylan’s Appeal to Strikers. |

‘ The Mayor's letter was in part as fol-
ows:

“Since your representatives first calied
on me at four o'clock Friday afternoon
and said you intended to strike at four
o'clock this Sunday morning I have been
endeavoring to get them to call you to-
gether so I could address you. Your
representative has persistently refused
to do this, so I am addresing you this
Way because I want every individual
man among you to know exactly what
{t is IT want to say to you and what
your representative apparently doesn’t
care to have you hear.

“IT came from the ranks myself, was
elected to office by men like you and
understand the lives of men Ilke you
far better than most public officials pos-
sibly could, ;

“Whatever your representatives may
tell you, I want you to know that I
have no objection to your getting a
better wage ecale.. In fact, I think you}

<<

  
 

 
  

    
 
  
   
    
   

 

 

Numerous. River Boats, Hundreds of .Carryalls and
Other Vehicles, as Well as New York Central
Trains, to Relieve Traffic.

YLAN AND CHEER TALK OF

ROUTES ANNOUNCED FOR
STEAMBOATS AND BUSES) py ,wArcAMATRD

 

 

Persons who have been accustomed to
go to work by the Interborough sub-
Way or elevated lines will have a va-
riety of substitutes available for them
this morning. All of these substitutes
will be slower than either subway or
elevated, however; all will be limited in
capacity, necessitating. waiting one's
turn, and upward of an hour should be
added to jhe travelling time of every
one from points above Central Park to
the downtown district. The facilities

| available to-day will be sufface cara,

all of which will be in operation; buses,
with a fleet of 700 under municipal pa-
tronage, and hundreds of private buses
added to those of the Fifth Avenue
Coach Company; additional service on
the local lines of the New York Cen-
tral, and boats on both the Hudson
River and the Hast River.

Extra cars to the limit of power ca-
pacity will be added to the lines of the
Union Railways in The Bronx, the
Third Avenue system (red cars) and the
New York Railways (green cars). The
extra cars so far as possible will be
put on the through routes like the Fort
George-Post Office and Harlem-Brook-
lyn Bridge lines of the Third Avenue
and the “55th Street-South Ferry lines
of the green cars.

Mayor Hylan made public the river

| schedules after a conference at City Hall

yesterday. He said:

“The Gowanus, Bay Ridge, Correc-
tion and Patrol are city owned boats.
The others are privately owned boats,
the owners of which have promised to
charge only a reasonable rate of fare.

“These boats will be operated con-
tinuously until about 9 o’clock P. M.

“Further carrying vessels will be put
in service as soon agythey are available
and definite schedules will be published.”

The schedules so far as announced
last night were as follows:

Hudson River,

Municipal ferryboats Gowanus and
Bay Ridge will operate from 132d street
to South Ferry, beginning at 6:50 A. M.

Steamer Carmanie leaves 132d street
at 8 A. M.

Five steamboats of the Iron Steam-
boat Company from foot of West 129th
street, beginning at 7:30 A. M. and
thereafter at 15 minute intervals,

Steamer Zephyr leaves West Ninety-
sixth street at 8 A. M.

Steamer Griswold leaves West Sev-
enty-ninth stret at 8 A. M.
Schedule of the Gowanas.
Arrive. Depart Arrive. Depart
South Ferry 132d Street.
seas 600 AM 8 40 6AM
7 THAM 2» 89 AM
910 90 AM 10 00 W10AM
10 60 OA M 11 #0 Nt AM
12 3 12240P M in 1~PM
210 2D PM 30 s10PM
3 bo 40PM 40 450PM
5 30 6H PM 6 0 épPM
710 7NPM + 800 s10PM

Schedule of the Bay Ridge.

 

South Ferry 182d Street
Arrive. Depart. Arrive. Depart.
Sans 6AM 7 20 7AM
810 s20 AM 9 00 910 AM
95 1000 A M 10 40 1050 AM
+: Bead 12% 230 P M

i 1 d 20
28 800 P 340 soba
430 40 PM 5 20 6PM
610 eet 700 TIO PM
7 0 S0OPM yy »\ 64 850 PM

' o

a
The municipal steamers Correction

and, Patrol will run from East 125th
street to the Battery, stopping at East
Twenty-fourth street, beginning at 6:30
A. M. and keeping half hour Intervals
on the following schedule:

Correction’s Downtown Schedule.

Leaves—
125th street
24th street.

  

 

 

 

should have better wages and if you | nue lines seemed satisfied with their
from me you| jobs yesterday

will only take counsel
will find me making a persistent fight
to get you a good wage scale. I would
be untrue to my own life convictions if
I took any other attitude.

“What is more I am also Interested
in getting for you decent working hours
and decent working conditions. I am
against all kinds of industrial slavery.
Thé kind of men who create industrial
slavery are the kind of men that some
of your leaders are now approving.
Right now the Interborough wants to
use you eas a temporary expedient so
they can get eight cent fares.

“IT have two duties to perform.
firat {is to all of the citizens of this city
and the second ia to you men. On the
one hand I propose with all the strength
I have to fight to prevent the traction
ring from violating their contract with
the citizens.

“You never had a man in the Mayor’s
chair of New York who was more genu-
inely the friend of the working man
than I am, and whatever certain of your
leaders may say right now, in the long
run you will wee that I am absolutely
fair and trying to help you, while the
Interborough is only trying to make use
of you. You whole strike is only one
incident in the great eight cent fare plot
which the interests are trying to put
over, ~

“Take my advice, boys, and go home
and alk this over with your women
folks. They have good sense. They
have to bear at least half the burdens
of the strike. Read this over with
them and ask them if they don’t think
that you ought to submit the wage and
other questions to arbitration.

“T tell you again that you should sub-
mit your oe to arbitration.

“As to fhe general public I can only
say I am sorry it is inconvenienced, I
am fighting the public fight. The pub-
lic has always wanted a man in the
City Hall who would stand up against
the big interests and take up the battle
of the people. That’s what I am doing.

“To the unthinking people who may
be deluded into believing eight cent fares
on the subway are justified, let me re-
peat that when I asked Hedley to go to
the subway directors and ask them to
return the subway to the city because
‘t was a losing venture, he replied, "Do
you think I am insane?’ No, I don't
think Hedley is insane. I think he and
bis associates want to hang on to the
tubway for the next fifty years because
trey know it is a gold mine. If a little
of the subway income is diverted from
the inside financiers the workers could
be properly paid.

“I will be glad to meet all of you boys
any time of the day or night you may
Gesignate.”

Lewis Nixon, Public Service Commis-
sioner, announced last night that he had
directed a hearing to be held to-day at
2:30 P. M. in the commission's rooms to
investigate the strike. The Commis-
sioner has power to insure safe and ade-
quate service, but he did not make
known his plans.

 

THIRD AVE. MEN IN
NO RUSH TO STRIKE
Are Generally Satisfied; Will
Watch Struggle of I. R. T.

Men operating cars of the Third ave
4

 

 

AM AM. AM. PM. Pacey | 8 o'clock this morning, it will be several
6% 90 11% 200 490 709!| Gays before thi# road will have any ad-
7 980 1200 289 500 7 90| ditional equipment to put on.

|

The}

Arrives— A.M. A.M. P.M. P.M. >. M.
Battery Landing 7 80 10 00 12 30 800 8 00

Patrol’s Downtown Schefiule.

PME
6 80

 
 

their usual routes. The police an-
nounced the following routes for the
700 and possibly 1,200 10 cent buses
which have been gathered by Commis-
sioner Joseph A. Guider of Brooklyn.
The Broadway and Bighth avenue lines,
Nos. 1 and 4%, will be the best sup-
plid.. Not all of these were in opera-
tion yesterday. . Mr. Guilder says they
will be this morning and that more
may be established through the day,

1. Leaving Bowling Green and Broad-
way, via Broadway, to 186th street.

2. Leaving same point, Broadway to |
Franklin, to Varick, to Seventh avenue, |
to Fifty-ninth street.

3. Leaving Chambers and Hudson
Streets, Hudson street to Eighth avenue,
to 155th street.

4. Leaving Bowling Green and Broad-
way, Broadway to Park Row, to the
Bowery, een street, to the Man- |
hattan enfrance to the Williamsburg
Bridge. :

5. Leaving Manhattan entrance to the
Williamsburg Bridge via Delancey |
street, to Kenmare etreet, to Lafayette |
street, to Pourth avenue, to Fourteenth |
Street, to Sixth avenue, to Fifty-ninth |
street.

6. Leaving Eighth street and Fourth |
avenue via Fourth avenue (Park ave- |
nue) to Ninety-sixth street, tb Madison |
avenue, to 135th street.

7. Leaving Duane and Lafavette|
streets via Lafayette street, to Eighth |
street, to Sixth avenue, to Greenwich
avenue, to Seventh avenue, to Thirty-
first street, to Eighth avenue, to Colum-
bus Circle.

8. Leaving West and

Leaves— A.M, A.M, A.M. P.M. P.M. P.M.
125th astreet.... 700 830 1200 280 600 7 20
Mth street..... 7.90 1000 12 90 800 5 30 800

Arrivee— A.M, A.M. P.M. P.M. P.M. P.M,
Battcsry Landg 800 1030 100 330 60 8 9

Correvtion’s Uptown Schedule.
leaves AM AM PM PM PM
Battery...... 74 1015 124 315 6465
Mth street 616 10 4 116 84 «6616

Arrives—
12th street.. 845 11 145 415 6%

Patrol’s Uptown Schedule.

Leavee— AM P) PM PM
Battery........ coocses 1048 1 $45 615
Mth street. 1135 #14 #41 «64

Arriver—
126th street........... U4 #215 #44 £«715

Arrangements for Buses.
The Fifth avenue buses will oe

 

 

 

Spring streets,

via Spring stréet, to Bowery, to De-
lancey street, to Clinton street.
9. Leaving Delancey and Clinton

streets, via Clinton street, to Houston
street, to Avenue A, to Fourteenth
street, to West street, to Twenty-third

street ferry.

10, Leaving First avenue and Thirty-
fourth street, to Tenth avenue, to Forty-
second street, to West Shore ferry. |

11. Leaving West Shore ferry, to|
Forty-second street, to Lexington ave-
nue, to Fifty-ninth street, to Manhattan
and Queensboro bridges.

New York Central Trains,

Twenty-six extra trains will be run
by the ‘New York Central between 6:30
and 10 o’clock this morning on the Hud- |
son division from Mount Vernon, and on
the Harlem from North White Plains,
making all local stops. Railroad police
will be on hand at all stations to pre-
vent the crowding of trains to the danger
point. Special booths will be placed in
the Gmand Central Terminal for the sale
of local tickets/during the return rush
hour this afternoon when similar facili- |
ties will be available

As the New Haven shop men do not
Tteturn to work from their strike until

 

when the Interborough
men walked out, putting a half hitch
in the transportation facilities of the
city. From their talk it did not seem
as if they would strike at east for the
present.

No great faith in the Amalgamated
Assctiation of Street and Electric
Ratlway Employees was in evidence. As
one man put it: ‘*‘The-boys seem to
be leary of the Amalgamated. It's failed
three times now. Moat of them have
families to support, and this is a bum
time to be doin’ nothin’. Well, if the
I, R. T. men _win and get more pay,
we may go ou@after more, too.”

Another said, “I ain't kickin’.
down $5.40 a day—top pay.

I pull
They ain't

| nothin’ hard to this job. An old woman

could run one of these cars. It’s tedious,
but it ain't hard.”
If the railway company finds a man

is attending union meetings and con-!

templates joining a union, he is dis-
charged, so the men said,

The cars of the Third avenue lines
were packed from the start to the finish
of their runs yesterday. ‘I carried more
people in the last seven hours than I
did all week,” said a motormgn. Ags
the day drew to a close, the humber
of pergons waiting at each corner in-
creased,

 

    

         

 
 

  
   
 

YOULL find
of our Tro

just about the

  

    
   
 

  
  
   
 

co.

     
     
 

   
   
  

  
     
   
   
 

 
  
   

 

   

 

aks

CLOTHES OF CUSTOM QUALITY

pical Suits are

have to pay elsewhere—but in
coming here you know just
. what you’re getting!

Silks: $28 and $38

Mohairs: $15 and up
Palm Beaches: $13.50 and up

Saks & Camyany

BROADWAY AT 34th STREET

—- ee -

‘FRAMBUP’ CHARGED | WEEK DAY CRUSH
MUST GO ON FOOT

Continued from First Page.

 

 

Union Leaders Say Walkout Is
Not a Strike at All, but
so The Mronx.

Only Gollusion. | These: people poured out upon the
/ { lines of the Third Avenue Railroad,
j filled every available car as it is filled
RS | 0” rush hours of a busy day, and over-
| lowed into the biggest fleet of jitneys
that was fun yesterday. The word
jitney is a misnomer for the price was
10 cents up, and chiefly up.

 

day. Not sb the East Side. And not

MEMBE

Subway and “L” Workers Lose
Jobs for Aiding Rival of
Brotherhood.

GETTING MORE

 

Beachgoers Stny at Home.

Broadway and Forty-second street,
Fifth avenue, the nefghbothood of Cen-
tral Park, the Pennsylvania Station,
South Ferry and Grand Central Station
at no time during yesterday held a
crowd as big a® that of a normal Sun-
day. The people who usually throng
© the beaches and the resorts were
Plainly armong the Home stayers. The
B. R. T. subway and elevated lines from
Manhattan to Coney Island showed a

 

The Amalgamated Association of |
Street and Electric Railway Employees,
which. claims to have enrolled 60 per
cent. of the Interborough and green car
line employeés, calls the strike a “frame-

up.”
“4 i," Harry marked reduction in traffic and- the
This is not a strike at a ja. {OWNers of excursions steamboats com-
Jones, national organizer of the assocla-| plained bitterly when "their patronage
thon, said yesterday at Lyceum Hall,jon one of the last Sunday8 of the sum-
ighty-sixth street.;™er Was cut to a third or a quarter

THA “Amiabs she Biemty done of (Cf 3t# profitable normal.
‘It is a deliberate ‘walkout’ an e | But the East Side and The Bronx in-
the rottenest pleces of business I art sisted on visiting and Third avenue was
seen during many’years as a worker for/ their Rialto. It was along this thor-
the canes” oughfare only that crowds could be ob-
“Tt is plainly to be seen that there ig] Served waiting for cars and jamming
collusion between the railroad and ‘the

into jitneys, It was here that the jit-
brotherhood, which is nothing more than; Neurs reaped their harvest !n charges
the railroad jteelt. There is no doubt it

ranging from a dollar to a dime.
is a ‘frameup.’” '

At 149th street there was a milling
The Amalgamated ts enlisting mem- thyong on the pavement all day. About
bers at the rate of about 300 a day at |

Lyceum Hall despite the ee ae taei

ins have been posted in a the car
tara of the intarboreugh and New York/ on Sag Urtion Ratlway cars and up
Railways warning employees if they Join} and doWn the stepladders which led to
the union, or even if they go to the union | on uoley aun Ee ey te —— hes

scharged. y ng motor trucks.

meetings, they will be dischars The swirl of vehicles on the street
| became so heavy there early in the
morning that consthntly increasing de-
tatls of police were sent to this point
with the sole duty of regulating traffic.
By nightfall there were sixty men busy
Girecting cars and motors.

 

way and elevated stairs at this “Hub of
The Bronx.” Yesterday they

Union Members Lose Jobs,

Yesterday, according to Amalgamated |
organizers, 150 subway employees were;
dismissed for listening to the union. In}
the last three days between 200 and 400
have lost their jobs for the same reason.

Many of these were at the meeting
yesterday loudly discussing thelr griev-
ances. Harry Brown, 289 West Fifty-
seventh street, who fought in both the
British and American armies during the
war, was one of the ex-Interborough
men who said he had ben laid off be-
cause he sought to join the union.

Brown also told of a conductorette,
May Rose, 162 East 118th street, who
was discharged after eight months ser-
vice on the subway because, Brown said,
she had talked to him about the union.

B. Ehrlich, another former Interbor-

 

Bus Traffic Under Normal.

The West Side showed few effects of
the strike. The buses of the Fifth Ave-

 

 

| normal Sunday.
at and started from the uptown ter-
minals almost empty. There were few
of the usual crowd of sightseers seeking
the ride along Riverside Drive. The
company has a few more than 800 buses.
All were in service yesterday and all
will be used to-day. But they will cover
ough man, said he had lost his job be-| only their usual routes, they will not de-
cause he had been organizing for the; part from their rule of carrying only
Amalgamated. He is an ex-delegate of | the forty-five passengers each for which
the brotherhood and at a meeting of all! seats are provided and they will call on
the delegates a few days ago, Ehrlich| the police if necessary to enforce this
sald, General Manager Hedley asked | order.
them if they were willing to go down to Little use was .made of the North
the Mayor's office and recommend an| River as a highway yesterday. Boats
increase in fare. of the Iron Steamboat Company from
Most of the delegates agreed to do| 129th street to the Battery carried scant
this, but Ehrlich refused. He was laid; loads. A few pioneers with launches
off next day. ,and other e6mall craft found small pat-
: 'ronage. This was laid to the difficulty
of reaching the river landing places.

 

Says Strike In Hedley'’s Child.

 

Union organizera would not say; J.
, | tb-day, compelled to get downtown, will
a wou ut. ° 4 .
whether the street car men would go out get to thesoxlanding places some way

In answer to that question Patrick J. | ;
s ; a \ lea, | And that theyvriver boats.on the East as
uted ‘ara’. ee oie | well as the North river will be crowded.
Ry : .-.,| Arrangements have been made to limit
Hedley’s child—let him take care of it. |\the number of paasengera to that ce
A notice was published Saturday on | pr

I
all of the bulletins‘of green car barns | feed ae a theta m te

signed by the president and secretary of |
the brotherhood, informing employees of
the green car lines that Job E. Hedges,
the receiver, had agreed to grant a 10 per
cent. increase pending the adjustment
of a wage scale, and that the!

Many Seek Hotel Rooms.

Hotels, already Well filled, report that
they have had thousands of reservations
from residents of the outlying sections of

 

new

| brotherhood had asked him to discharge |the city who fail to see how they can

get home to-night and get to work again
to-morrow. The War Camp Community
' Service announced yesterday that it al-

any emplofee seeking to disrupt the or-;
ganization by going over to the Amal-
gamated.

Unton organizera charged that pickets |
of the Interborough company were
posted around Lyceum Hall to take the/
names of subway and elevated railway
men visiting the union meetings there.
About 1,000 motormen and conductors |
on strike went to the meeting yesterday.
Most of them signed applications and}
paid $1 to join the union.

tiens for 200 telephone operators, and
that it had several hundred cots and
blenkets which it will place at the dis-
posal of any other public service corpo-

enwilline ¢. «

eatter its
UNnWaeans to Scarcrer

Tation which is
working force to-night

The New York Telephone Company,
realising that the paralysis of travel is
; going to put a terrific strain on the al-

LABOR BACKS POLICE UNION. |

 

 

|
Boston Coppers Promised Support }
in Thetr Fight. |

BosTon, Aug. 17.—The Boston Central
Labor Union unanimously adopted reso-
Intions to-day congratulating the Boston |
policemen “upon their American mans |
hood displayed by them in establishing |
a union in order that they may be en- |
abled to protect and promote the in-
terests of themselves and their familles
through the application of the principle
cf collective bargaining.”

The resolutions pledged the newly
formed union “every atom of support
that organized labor can bring to bear
in the event they should need such sup-
port.”

A committee of seventeen representa-
tives of the various divisions of or-|
ganized labor was appointed to devise!
ways and means of carrying out this!
pledge of support. |

5th Avenue

        
       
   
   
   
   
   
  
  
  
  
  
   
    

that the prices

same as you'd

It |
was predicted, however, that the mob of,

‘ready had provided sleeping accommoda- |

   
 

AKIN

 

80,000 persons usually climb the sub- |

climbed |

nue Coach Company weré less heavily | laney,
beseiged yesterday than they are on a | struction, Chief Engineer Turner of the
Many of them arrived! Public Service Commission, Police Com-
| missioner

 

ats j

‘“Phone’’—

| Capt. Hallock of the Marine Division of

      

i et a
SOTA PAE OTE TENN ape

WALK

eee

MILLIONS

ready overburdened telephone system, is | @t the various precinct houses to trans.
making herculean efforts to have every| port reserves in case of need. They
peesible operator at her post throughout | will be driven by policemen.

the day, The company brought a score| Col. L. W. Oliver, chief of staft of
of buses from Jersey on its own account| the port of embarkation, denied that
and organized them to bring operators to | the trucks would be lent to carry civ).
the. various exchanges and to take them | !an personnel.

home whenever there existed a fair pos- “They are for military use and for
sibility that they could be gathered in} military personnel only,” he sald. “The
again for the big job that awaits them | Department of the Haat headquarters
this morning. also knows nothing of any scheme to

The larger department stores* made] lend them for civilian transport.”

similar arrangements when the strike Many members of the police reserves
became Imminent some days_ago and| were on duty yesterday and more of
their delivery fleets will begin work this| them will be called.out to help handles
morning by gathering in the sales-| crowds to-day.

people. The stores realize, however, =
that their trade will be hit hard by QUEENS USES ALL
EXTRA SURFACE CARS

the strike and they are not faced by
the emergency business that will con-

Tie Up of “L” and Subway
Extension Is Complete.

  

 

 

 

front the telephone company.

 

Extra Trains on Central.

Though the New Haven railroad, its
regular service cut to the bone by the
shopmen’s strike which ends only to-
morrow morning at 8 o'clock, can do The subway and elevated extension of
little to aid in bringing in the New/the Interborough Rapid Transit Com.
Yorkers of the outskirts the New York | pany extending into Astoria and Corona
Central-has made bi¢ plans. Not only| through Long Island City was com.
will scores of extra trains be operated pletely stopped about the same

 

hour
on the Harlem and Hudson divisions but | yesterday morning that the lines jn
special ticket) selling booths, the inyen-| Manhattan were affected. Officials of

tion of L. F, Vosburgh, whose name'ap-| the New York and Queens County Raj).
pears on millions of New York Central} way Company, which operates the urs

tickets, will be set up at various points} pace lines on the north shore. cov
throughout the Grand Central Terminal) pong Island City, Btalhway, ‘elmhuree
to help in the rush sale of local tickets | wishing, College Point and Newtown,

on the suburban lines. N
mmediately made pre ar
Commissioner Guider announced late] po, the great canis tcbentaie tlk

last night that he was in a position ae
to guarantee that there will be 700 jit- alee, want to reach Manhattan this
ney buses in operation at @ o'clock this In & statement iesued by Samuel A
morning, They have been gathered in Berena, superintendent of éraneporta.
from all of the neighboring communi- tion for the company, he said that the
ties, They will be manned by relief employees of the brotherhood tha
crews, so that they can give twenty: | Queens County company had ‘a
four hours service if necessary, and meeting on Saturday evening Tike
they have agreed that they will charge | ti, the proposition’ éf séining _ Ae
only a 10 cent fare, They will be spé-| With the other lines involved in {
cially favored by the traffic police IN| strike was disctesed and the miembers
consideration of this, and special streets) (on niuded by a wnaniwous. vote that
Will _be opened for them. They will be! 16. would remain loyal to the compa:
allowed to run north in Central Park and stated they had no grievanres
West, for instance, : ; ahh HERR Wai
Two hundred of these buses will be idle tn tae Rican OF te aca
put on the royte which runs from Broad- eeray ee
. | put into operation for the crowds yes-
way and 135th street to Bowling Green, terday, and to-day they will be operat
which is expected to be the most heavily | *® * ; . perares
over the principal dafly traffic iines

travelled of all. A hundred will ply the z
z which are the Astoria, Corona an:
Chambers street-Eighth avenue-155th Steinway routes. Yn order to foresta

Btreet route, and the others will be t
Beattered over the eleven routes an-|*PY disruption of service through

of
held

At
h

in the

een
were

: shutdown !n the Interborough powe
nounced yesterday morning. plant, which has been supplying
current, the Queens railway compan
Miver TraMe Arranged. which ts a subsidiary of the T. R
Mayor Hylan came to the City Hall at|/ company, had its feed lines shunte:

 

to the plant of the Pennaylvania-Lo)
[sland Railroad at Long Isfand City

GREEN CAR SYSTEM
OPERATES AS USUAL

Wage Demands, if Any, Said
to Be a Month Off.

2 o'clock ¥esterday afternoon and held a
two hour conference with John H. De-
Commissioner of Transit Con-

 

 

Enright, William Dalton,
Deputy Commissioner of Correction, and

 

the Police Department.

At its conclusion the Mayor announced
that he had arranged for public and pri-
vate vessels to ply the Hudson and Hast
Rivers carrying a total of 15,000 pas | The green cars will remain in opera-
gengers an hour. The municipal ferry. | tion for the present, it was learned yes-
boats Gowanus and Bay Rridge, the|terday from Thomas M. Fazakerley.
steamboat Carmanie, five vessels of the | President of the Brotherhood of Elec-
Iron Steamboat Company and_ the| trical Workers of the New York Rail-
steamboats Zephyr and Griswold bave| ways Company. <A few more than the
been assigned to the Hudson River.| ordinary number of cars operated on
The municipal steamboats Correction | Sunday were in service yesterday be-
and Patrol have been assigned to the| cause of the strike. With the aid of
Kast River. the B. R. T.'a service from Whitehall

The delivery of street car service of | street to Fifty-seventh street they man-
any sort, as it will be to-day, wag de-|aged to handle the limited traffic with-
pendent upon power supply. At one time| out much overcrowding. The Third ave-

 

yesterday morning the lines of the| nue system operated as usual.
New York Railways (green cars) were It is by no means certain that the
entirely shut down when the Interbor-| green car men will strike. The brother-

ough houses shut down. Tater, however, | hood is gathering data and working 0:
some of the Interborough machines were|a wage scale to make demands of the
steamed up and a supply of current aleo| receiver. In the event a demand is /e-
was bought for thse aurface lines fromj| fused @ genera] strike may be called
the power houses at Fifty-ninth street | When pressed for the time the demands
and the’East River and Seventy-fourth | will be made the official said that prob-
street and Fast River, and the New York | ably a month will have elapsed before
Edison Company. the proposed new wage scale !s com-
Officials of the B. R. T. expressed the | pleted and ready for presentation to the
belief that they would not be able ma-/ company.
terially to increase the service on their There were 850 green cars in opera-
subway lines in Manhattan, from Cen-| tion yesterday and one “engine” at
tral Park to the Battery, because of the| Fifty-ninth street and the Hudson River
power situation. They have promised; supplied the “Juice” to operate them
to run all the trains possible. Motive power also was supplied from
This line and the lines of the Third| this engine for pumping leakage fro
avenue system, the Unior Railway tn| the subways. This power house was o
The Bronx, the Fighth avenue line and | erated with the knowledge and approva!
the Broadway, Ninth, Seventh, Sixth. | of the strikers, it was sald, because they
Madison and Lexington avenues and) knew the tunnels would be flooded !f the
crosstown lines of the New York Rail-| pumps were stopped.
wave seamed to he assured of full rush Both Mr. Fazakerley and repreaenta-
hour operation throughout to-day. tives of the general offices of the ra!!-
Army buses will not be used to carry | ways company said “the eituation re-
the general public. They have been| garding the green oar lines is unchanged.

 

loaned to the police and will be located The cars will continue to operate,”

      

James McGreery & Co.

34th Street

We are prepared with an
increased force to faith-
fully and intelligentiy serve
every patron who  tele-
phones his or her wants
during the existing trans-
portation conditions.

 

Mail orders will, as usual, be care-
fully filled and promptly delivered.