BEDOM Al
F PORTO RICO,
SAYS LEADER

resident of the Sena
_ Here to Present Claims to
~ American Congress.

TO HOLD

ats
if
id

 

 

PLEBISCITE

 

‘Pull Power for Legislature
. Sought in All Local
Bi Matters. —

 

‘first step in a,new effort to win
site } freedom for Porto Rico will be
by Antonio R. Barcelo, President
$f the Porto’ Rican Senate, who is now
the Biltmore. Mr. Barcelo will go to
shil on to place before Congress &
on adopted by the Unionist party

Parto Rico, of which he is leader.

This resolution, which aims to gain
ynly a temporary adjustment of com
 fitions, was indorsed, Mr. Barcelo said,
| $y the delegation of thirty Congressmen
who were investigating the political and
— wonémic situations of Porto Rico last

April. It Was resolved:

That until the final political status of
Porto ‘Rico shall have been determined,
after having ascertained the will of the
‘people of tho island through a plebiscite

Fe tists qualified voters, the Congress of
United States be petitioned:
(a) That the Legislature of Porto

~ Rico be vested with power to legislate
' without cestrictions on all local matters.

“€b) That the Governor of the island
“te elected by the vote of its qualified
Mectors.
 (¢) That the Governor, with the ad-
tite and consent of the Senate of Porto
Rico; shall appoint all heads of depart-
ments, with power to legislate without
 jestriction on all local matters.
(a) That the Governor's veto shall be

A ive and that upon reconsideration

@ vetoed bill by the affirmative vote

| sf two-thirds of the members of the
Legislature, such bill shall become law.

‘At the Biltmore yesterday Mr. Bardelo
mid that the present political system,

b mmbodying the double authority in Porto

p

Rico of a government designated in
Washington and a government elected
m the island, brings about, howpver
autonomous such a system may be, se-
Yous conflicts of interest that weaken
the sentiment of the country toward a
frank and decided understanding be-
meen the people of Porto Rico and the
seople of the United States.

“We are not in haste

em,’ Mr. Barcelo said. “We know that

E tou need Porto Rico for international
"wurpeses, for it is a strategic point at

he entrance to the Caribbean Sea and
m the road to the Panama Canal. We

: wre bound to respect such necessity and

© agree thereto, because it is just and

¥ secessary, and convenient to ourselves.

We know we must accept any solution
nvroring those purposes which tend to

about our prob-

}

UN, MONDAY, A

LATIN AMERICAN COLONY IN NEW YORK

The members of the Heuadorian
colony and their friends celebratéd the
110th anniversary of the independence
of the Republic of Ecuador with a ban-
quet and ball in the Colonial Hall of the
Hotel Martinque on August 9th. The
hail was beautifully decorated with the
national colors as well as with the flags
of other nations.

The committee in charge of the ar-
rangemems was composed of the follow-
ing: Dr, Emilio A. Maulme, Vice-Consul
of Ecuador. in New York; Dr. Juan
Cueva Garcia, Dr. Rafael Medinay Perez,
Dr. Angel V,'Aviles, Dr. Alex Mata, Dr.
Timoleon Flores, Luis Antonio Me-
dina, Carlos Gallardo.

Among those present were: Dr.
Rafael H. Elizalde, Minister of Ecuador
in Washington; Gustavo R. de
\easa, Consul-General of Ecuador in
New York; Victor Zevalles, Consul-
General of Ecuador in Havana; Luis
A, Mata, Consul of Ecuador in Phila-
delphia; Miguel A. de Ycaza, first
Secretary of the Legation of Ecuador;
Emilio A. Maulme, Vice-Consul of
Ecuador in New York; Julio Arteta,
secretary of the Consul-General of
Ecuador in New York.

 

The body of Gonzalo de Quesada,
which arrived from Holland Friday, will
be taken to Cuba this week for final
burial. Mr. Quesada was Minister of
Cuba in Germany and died at his post
im 1914. The body will be taken home
on the “Cuba,” a warship of the Cuban
navy, and will be accompanied by the
following committee of citizens from the
island republic, who came here to act
as escort: Dr. Arturo Padro y Almeida,
Charge d'Affaires of the Cuban Legation
Washington; Dr. J. Capote, attache of
the Cuban Legation in Washington; Dr.
Luis Baralt, Cuban Minister to Peru;
Dr, Marjano Brull, Secretary of the Cu-
ban Legation, Peru; Dr. Leopold Dolz,
Consul-General of Cuba in New York;
Dr. Felipe Taboada, Deputy Consul-Gen-
eral of Cuba in New York; Victor H.
Barranco, agent of the Cuban Govern-
ment; Eisebio 8S. Azpiazu, Secretary to
the President of Cuba. Hon. Boaz Long,
Minjster of the United’States at Havana,
is also on the committee.

 

Mrs. Manuel Rodriguez, wife of Dr.
Manuel Rodriguez of the Cuban Senate,
died in the St. Elizabeth Hospital, New
York, Sunday after a short illness. The
body was taken to Cuba for burial.

 

Charles Moravia, named as suc-
cessor to Solon Menos as Minister of
Hayti to the United States, has been
received at the State Department. Mr.
Menos was one of the victims of the in-
fluenza in Washington iast winter. Mr.
Moravia was formerly Consul-General
of Hayti in New York.

 

Dr. Rafael H. Elizalde, Minister of
Ecuador, and family, have returned to
Washington from an extended visit to
the New England States and Canada,

 

Gen. William C, Gorges, who recently
returned from Ecuador, where he was
occupied in combating the yellow fever,
has gone to Salvador to continue his in-
vestigation in connection with various
tropical diseases. Gen. Gorgas will also
visit Venezuela.

 

Perfecto Diaz, prominent jeweller of
Havana, is at the Biltmore.

 

 

 

 

Judge Jackson Praises
Latin American Section

© THe Evrron LATIN AMERICAN
DEPARTMENT THE SUN—Sir:

It will give me great pleasuro

to cooperate in your endeavors to

strengthen relations between Latin
America and the United States. Hav-
ing lived in Panama for eight years
as Judge of the United States District
Court; and having learned the lan-
guage and familiarized myself with

the laws and customs of the coun-
try and having made a large circle
of friends in many parts of Central
end South America, I assure you that
nothing ip of greater interest to me
than the matter of commercial and
social relations between these coun-
tries,

read your articles regularly in the
Monday edition of your paper and if
I can be of any assistance in fur-
thering the object in view please
command me.

Wiu.1aM_ H. JACKSON.
New York, Aug. 12, 1919.

 

Fred A. La Grange, formerly techni-
eal inspector of the Argentine Govern-
ment Railways, who has been in this
country for the past ten months, will
leave for Buenos Ayres August 40,
where he. will be the South American
cepres*ntative and director of the Allied
Export Association, together with Rojas,
Randall & Co,

 

Miss Ines Dudley, daughter of the late
American Minister to Brazil and Peru
and Mrs. Irving Dudley, was married
last week to Alden Kenyon of . Bos-
ton. Mr, Kenyon returned from France
recently, where he took an active part
in the world war.

 

Senor Santos A. Dominici, Venezuelan
Minister at Washington, D. C., is at
present enjoying a well deserved vaca-
tion in Atlantic City. This well known
South American diplomat will return to
Washington in a few weeks.

 

The Misses Poupée and Leonor Whit-
marsh, two popular Cuban society giris,
are at present in New York with their
parents. Mrs. Whitmarsh is the daugh-
ter of one of the greatest Cuban patriots
who fought for Cuban independence, the
heroic Calixto Garcia. \

 

An ‘informal dance was given last
Sunday night at the home of Mme.
Godoy, wife of the former dean of the
diplomatic corps of Mexico to Cuba, in
honor of Mr. and Mrs. Kenyon, who were
recently married. The brilliant young
Mexican tenor, Carlos Enciso, sang Mex-
joan songs and Mr. Davalos, son of the
famous Mexican poet of that name, re-
cited several poems

 

Charles Kohly, son of the well known
Cuban physician and editor and pro-
prietor of one of the best medical pub-
lications in Cuba, La Revista Medica
Cubana, is here on a pleasure trip. He
expects to leave for the mountains
shortly, where he will remain a few
manths, Then he will return to his
native land, with the object of conclud-
ing his medical studies at the University
of Havana.

 

 

forma Social, will sail for Paris toward
the end of this month.

 

Mariano Brull, who is connected with
the Cuban Legation in Washington and
whose book of poems, ‘The House of
Silence,” has been favorably commented
upon by the Latin American critics, is
here in New York on a pleasure trip.

 

Senor Ernesto Lopez Madariaga, a
Peruvian artist, well known in Latin
America, has just.arrived in! New York.
Mr. Lopez studied music in Germany
end Panama. He comes to the United
States with the object of introducing
American songs In Peru.

 

Rafael Sevilla has arrived in this city
from Merida, Yucatan, Mexico, having
resigned as manager of the Compania
Naviera del Suroeate de Mexico, includ-
ing Banco Refaccionario, in order to ac-
cept the position manager with the
Mexican Exporting\ and Importing Cor-
poration, 29 BroadWay, of which Fer-
nando Solis Camara is president. Mr.
Sevilla aims to promote transactions
with the River Plate and also with
Spain.

 

(Mauricio Berrisbeitia, a well known
Venezuelan merchant, is leaving for his
country during the present week.

 

Eduardo Diaz Lecuna has just arrived
from Caracas, and‘will remain in this
city for some time

 

Gen. Armando Llanos, director of the
Polytechnical School of El Salvador, and
Dr. Francisco Duenas, prominent agri-
cultor of that Central American Repub-
lic, have arrived in this city. It is an-
nounced that Mrs. Menendez, wife of the
President of the Republic, will reach this
port during the next week. The ex-
President will arrive in San Francisco
to-day, and will leave for Rochester,
Minn.

 

Antonio Grana and his wife, prominent
members of the Peruvian colony of this
city, will leave shortly for Rochester,
Minn,

~

 

Violeta Amado, the ten-year-old daugh-
ter of Mrs. Enriqueta Amado, will sing
at the Waldorf-Astoria during the next
week. :

 

Mr. and Mrs. Jose Sierrg. well known
in the local circles of San ‘Jose, will ar-
rive in this city soon,

 

Mrs. Julia L. de Quesada and family
and Mrs. Browne Willis of San Jose will
arrive in this port in the steamship
Carrillo.

 

A‘ prominent member of the Spanish
colony of San Jose, Costa Rica, Luis
Cueto, has just arrived in this city,

 

Dr. Elias Rojas, who was for some
time studying in the Sorbonne of Paris,
is in town on his way to Costa Rica, 4

 

The commemoration of the independ-
ence of the Republic of Bolivia was cele-
brated with a social gathering and din-
ner organized by the Bolivian colony,
which took place in one of the principal
hotels of the city on August 10. The
affair was attended by prominent per-
sons, among whom were Jorge Gutier-
rez, secretary of the Consulate; Arturo
Arguedas, Augusto Gamez, Eduardo
Reyes Ortiz, Rene Laneri, Carlos Munoz,

 

 

v2

SWEEPING REFORM
PLANNED IN PERU

 

President Leguia Outlines
Radical Changes in
Proclamation.

 

THREE FEDERAL STATES

 

Regional Assembles to Be
Created for Local Self-
Government.

 

Sweeping democratic reforms in the
constitution of Peru are outlined in the
recent proclamation issued by President
Leguia of the Provisional Government,
which replaced the Pardo regime as the
result of the coup detat of July 4.

President Leguia in issuing this procia-
mation stated that the overthrow of the
former administration was the culmina-
tion of a national movement for a more
democratic form of government for
Peru gnd that for this reason the first
action of the new tegime should be ex-
tensive constitutional reforms sanctioned
by the people themselves.

With this aim in view he has pro-
claimed general elections and the meet-
ing of a constitutent assembly on Sep-
‘ember 15, which shall take up the
work of democratizing the Peruvian
constitution, The various reforms are
to be submitted to the nation at the
time of the general elections and if fa-
vorably voted upon are to be promul-
gated by the Assembly when it convenes.

Among the most important changes
contemplated is one which is in effect a
federalization scheme which will prac-
tically divide Peru into three Federal
States by establishing three regional as-
sembles, meeting at ‘Trujillo, Huancayo
and Arequipa. ‘There will be then a
north, centre and south of the republic.
These regional assemblies will hold each
year a session of thirty days’ duration
which may not be prorogued. Their
powers will be fixed by special law and
they will not occupy themselves with
persowil affairs in any form. Their
resolutions will be communicated to the
Executive power for promulgation and
if he considers them incompatible with
the general laws or the national inter-
ests they will be submitted with the
Executive's observations to the national
Congress, which will proceed with them
in the same manner as with laws vetoed.

Other important measures to be re-
ferred to the national vote are as fol-
lows:

The renewal of the legislative power
shall be complete and shall coincide with
the renewal of the executive power. The
duration of both shall be five years.
This change ts evidently planned to gain
effective cooperation between the two
branches of the Government.

The legislative power shall consist of
a Senate composed of thirty-five Sena-
tors and a Chamber of 110 Deputies.
This number shall not be altered except
hy a further constitutional reform. An
organic law will designate the depart-

© . +

ARGENTINE SEEKS

 

Bill Would Prohibit Exports
for Three Years.

Burnos Arras, Aug. 17.—If the bill
presented to the Argentine Congress by

the Administration is passed shippers
from this country will be prohibited from
exporting the meat of cows or calves
for a period of three years. This drastic
measure has been proposed in order to
prevent further inroads on Argentine’s
cattle supply. Farmers have been kill-
ing their cows and calves for meat ow-
ing to the high prices: obtainable in the
foreign markets and ns a result the
number of cows has been diminishing.

The same measure is proposed in the
matter of sugar exportations, The Gov-
ernment believes it is necessary to have
the greatest quantity of sugar possible
in the domestic market in order that the
high cost of living may be reduced.

In connection with these proposed
measures the Government announces
that thie is a first series of steps to be
taken to endeavor to cut down the high
living costs as far as it is consistent
_ the demand for the necbssities of

e.

STORM MAKES HAVOC
THROUGHOUT CHILE

Shipping at Valparaiso Suf-
fers Heavily. .

 

 

VaLPaRAIso, Chile, Aug. 17.—Further
details concerning the storm which
struck this city, destroying many vessels
in the harbor and causing the deaths of
hundreds of persons, have been an-
nounced. Not only did this port suffer

from the storm that swept the country |.

but Santiago, Chilé, as well was threat-
ened by a flood from the waters of the
River Maipo, which runs through the
centre of the capital. Many of the
smaller canals in Santiago were over-
flooded and some of .the streets of the
city were under water for a time.

In Valparaiso the steamer Cordillera
was blown to the rocks and smashed to
pleces and the crew was drowned. The
smaller steamers Pesoria and Guayaquil
were sunk along with their crews. Two
sailing vessels were dashed against the
rocks, causing many deaths aboard. The
Grace steamer Santa Luisa, in grave
danger of sinking, finally made for the
open.sea and was saved. The German
interned steamer Westphalia was dam-
aged. Many other smaller craft suf-
fered considerable damage.

The waves were so high that the
streets along the waterfront of Valpa-
raiso were inundated and considerable
damage was caused. In Illapel, north
of La Serena, every house in the village
was destroyed. The river went over its
banks and the town was covered with
water. It ts estimated that elghty-seven
lives were lost here.

It is said that many tnsurance com-
panies have been forced to close their
doors owing to the tremendous losses,

Fish Cannery for Cuba.

Havana, Cuba, Aug. 17.—A factory
for canned goods has been started in
Batabano and the chief product is fish,
according to reports reaching here. The
cannery ushers in a new industry for
Cuba and the promoters have much con-
fidence in its success, as the waters

 

SPAIN IS COMING BACK.

TO SAVE CATTLE Capitalists Make Enormous Invest-

ments in South America,

Will history repeat itself in Latin
America? The Spanish Government, en-
riched during the war by the rapid de-

velopment of commerce and Industries,
is “coming back” to the countries it dis-
covered, owned and developed, this time
with ships laden with gold instead of
with Spanish conquistadores. Spain is
loaning money in tremendous quantities
to the countries it once held under its
rule. Spanish financiers have made in-
vestments in Uruguay, in Argentina and
in Colombia.

ment of goods to and from the two
countries. The initial capital of 2,000,.
000 pesos has already been subscribed
by leading Spanish financiers and invi-
tations li be extended to Spaniards
throughout the republic to purchaas
stock in the institution. The bank will
be known as El Banco Hispano-WMez}.
sano and will be closely affiliated with
banking institutions {n Spain,

Influenza Wanes in Montevideo,

Montrvipro, Aug. 17.—The epidemia
of influenza which has been raging in
this city and country for several weeks
is slowly losing its hold, according to
ganitary officials. The hygiene commis,
sion is authority for the statement that

there is no cause for fear that a recur.
rence of the epidemic is likely to happen,
as energetic measures have been adopted
to suppress it. Steamships arriving from
Europe and other parts of the world are
eubject to. rigid examination.

Reports come now from the city of
Mexico that a powerful syndicate of
Spanish bankers is to establish a bank
in the Mexican capital for the purpose
of assisting in the development of the
country as well as to facilitate the ship-

BANKING FACILITIES
TO AID
- PAN AMERICAN TRADE

 

 

AvpuarD Bane XPORTERS and importers
COLOMBIA in the United States will
MERCANTIL find adequate banking facilities
aah “sail for the extension of their foreign
Menimie, Grardot. business provided by the |
MERCANTILE BANK OF
PERU THE AMERICAS through its
MERC ANT. branches in France and Spain
EER and its affiliated banks in Latin
ive, ian, raf America.
VENEZUELA These services include:
MERCANTIL Establishing commercial
BE CARACAS credits

rere Effecting collections

Transfering money by mail

BRAZIL or cable
Sh eta Issuing drafts
Para, Pernambuco, Buying and selling bills of
a exchange
Financing shipments
NICARAGUA

NATIONAL BANK
OF NICARAGUA

Managua, Bluefields,
Lesa, Grenada

We shall be glad to serve you
in all matters relating to inter-
national banking.

 
         

 

bout the island are well stocked with
. Varon a Juan Morales, son of the former Envoy | Julio G. Leoni, Rafael Munoz, Julio G.| mental and provincial electoral divi- 2 CUBA
' gtablish and insure the — ee bit og caveenone ea eins Extraordinary and Minister Plenipoten-/| Pino, Manuel J. Rivero, Manuel Soria | sions and the number of members to be Mian cdi meal sc BANCO
jovernment in our Amer fe, b e sore |b On his way to Liverpool after spend-|tiary from Panama to Washington and | Galvarro and Simon Prudencio. elected by each. MERCANTIL MERC ANTILE B ANK
mow that together we Cogs vert sii{ ing a vacation in Havana. recent Presidential candidate, is back The Legislature and the President me Staéy Mexican O11 AMERICANO
@ government that wi eee in New York. Ignacio Calderon, Minister of Boiivia| shall be elected by direct popular vote. ie eee ' DE CUBA OF THE AMERICAS
those great interests, but whic Sy “goed Joe Emilie Rodrigues, Cuban Congul in the United States, is in town, expect- The ordinary Congress shall sit each Mexico Cirr, Aug. 17.—The Chamber Habana
nit us to progress openly and w in Amsterdam, is at the Holland House. Dr. Ricardo Gutierrez Lee, Envoy Ex-| ing to leave for Washington. year for a session of not less than ninety] of Deputies has named two commissions AnA 3 Bank f F ion Trade
“tiyetat government ‘ander, Which Seeeaienias ia Ciba rived it Nem | Dr. Prancaco Henrigues y Carvatnt,a | stitocs That Se allee petrtouay quection ta thig counieys pers ep jhe etal
Oo olombia in é r. necisco enriquez y arvajal, a
re may control all our local he ky tes ae eee ee eee York a few days ago, together with his) prilliant ‘man of letters and President | py the Executive. ticularly those problems in which pres- HONDURAS 44 PINE STREET NEW YORK
Seacarens.our people the right to oh tet all| Saavedra is hete on a pleasure trip. ie eT a otnge 2 “de jure” of the Dominican Republic,| Congress shall assemble only to in-| ent legislation on petroleum is involved, BANCU
_ fovernor by popular a read e = Wednesday for Richfield Springs, a o4 Was entertained last Friday by some of | augurate its sessions, sanction interna- __ ATLANTIDA PARIS BARCELONA
he meet ive ema . aoe ot OP Wenseslado Galvez, member of the | Where they will remain on ee his friends at a dinner in the Hotel Mc-|tional treaties and comply with the Cuba Seeks Rice Supply. La Ceiba, Tegucigalpa, 11 bis Boulevard Rambla de los
oo orto Rico, as may ful) | Cuban Supreme Court, is visiting in New | months and then sail for Havana, +| Alpin. The guests were Dr. Federico | powers granted it by the constitution. San Pedro Sula, Haussmann Estudios—Canuda 2
‘ained by our Legislature. Grant us 1 York. ' i Henriquez Carvajal, Dr. Francisco J. The Cuban Government iy endeavor- Puerto Cortes

There is incompatibility in any mem-
ber of Congress holding public employ-
ment, whether local or national.

The diplomatic Ministers shall be
named by the Government (Executive)
with the approval of the Senate.

egisiative power to solve our own prob-
gm, but do this in such a manner that,
- fhould some day a conflict of interests
' wise between us, we may frame our own
mstoms tariff, as does Canada in her
elation to England. There being thus

Mrs. Gonzalez, wife of the American
| Minister in Cuba, will sail from Havana

| ° ’
Panama, and Dr. Frederick Boyd, mem- | tor any. Sore pad wos, Stage og
ber of the provisional Government of | (August 20), via Key 1 ae
Panama during the early days of the) zalez is extremely popular in Havana.

Peynado, Dr. Jose Maria Noyel, Dr. Max |
Henriquez Urena, Radhames Cordero,
Enrique Valdez, J. E. Kunhart, organ-
izer of the Dominican Confederation of
Labor, Francisco del Monte, Francisco

ing to have France and England let the
bars down for the importation of rice |
Into Cuba. The rice supply in Cuba *|

 

Julio Fabrega, prominent lawyer of

 

extremely low.«

 

gy

’

a

     
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
  
   
      
      
     
      
   
   
     
         
       
     
   

:

to conflict or friction, Porto Rico will
levelop as she sees fit, in her own way;
md whenever you so desire you will
jave the power to intervene through
‘our Congress at any time you may
hhink we have exceeded our powers.

“This is the only policy possible be-
Ween you and us. If you do this Porto
fico will progress toward a staie of
wppiness such that surely will bring

establishment of the republic, are com-
ing to New York this week on a busi-
ness trip.

 

She comes to the United States on a

pleasure trip.
‘

 

Miss Daria Payan,

At the semi-annual elections of the! Pacheco and Daniel Pacheco, the daugh-

organization known as the Venezuelan
Patriotic Union, held last week, Nicanor
Bolet, president; Dr. Domingo B. Cas-

ters and son of the late Jose Payan, one

of the wealthiest bankers of Peru, are |
back in New York, together with their |

tillo. first vice-president, and Gen. Oscar | mother, after a short vacation at Dela-

Blanco Fombona, second vice-president,

|

ware Water Gap. The Payans and

Miss Angelica)

Pereyra and others.

 

Renato Zanelli has arrived from Val-
paraiso with his family. Senor Zanelli
signed a contract with the Metropolitan
Opera House to sing during the next
season.

The Chilean Colonel, Estanislao Gar-
cia Huidobro of tre Chiiean military

 

 

i plgaecanpndine apnea aan

Conflicts between capital and labwr
shall be submitted to obligatory arbitra-
tion. This represents progressive social
legislation of the sort found very work-
able in New Zealand and Australia.

Taxation on revenue shall be progres-
sive,

A Council of State shall be formed
composed of six members named by the
vote of the Council of Ministers and ap-

Extraordinary
sessions shall be called when necessary | petroleum question in this country, par-

  

THE TRUTH ABOUT MEXICO

Dent the relations which should exist | Were reelected to their respective offices. | pachecos are staying at the Hotel St. mission in Japan is in New York. proved by the Senate, The cases in An article by the editor of the English Section of ‘El Heraldo
’ - A. Granade Rodriguez was elected secre-| ,ndgrews. They will sail for France aa which the Government must listen to fap . a . ‘
vetween us. tary and L. Bridge treasurer. shortly. Jorge Payan is now in Eng- Rafael Edwards, engineer, manager of |ine opinion of the council and the de Mexico,” published in Mexico City, on August 6, 1919.

¥U. S. CONSUL IS HONORED.

fribute Paid Haeberle on Chang-
ing Posts.

By the Associated Press.
Pernampuco, Brazil, Aug. 15 (de-
fayed).—A. T. Haeberle of Missouri,
&merican Consul here since 1915, sailed
fhursday for Rio Janeiro to take charge
wf the Consulate-General there. Many
aimerican and Brazilian friends went to
the docks, accompanied by a military
band, to bid the Consul farewell. The
ocal military garrison also was at the

 

Judge W. H. Jackson, formerly of the
United States District Court, Panama
city, is spending a few days at Wash-
ington, where he will place Miss Helen
Jackson in one of the local boarding
schools. Judge Jackson will not return
to Panama, and has joined George B.
Hayes in the practice of law in this
city.

 

Dr. Charles Garride, proprietor of La
Prenea of Havana, is at the Vanderpilt.

 

Justo Acevedo, commercial agent for
the Department of Industry and Com-
merce of Mexico aml a member of

land.

 

The Costa Rican colony in New York
will celebrate the anniversary of the
independence of that progressive Central
American republic with a Iiterary fes-
tival to be given in this metropolis the
coming September 15. e well known
Costa Rican tenor, Senor Salazar, will
sing a few popular songs and there will
be other attractive features on the pro-
gramme.

 

One of Spain's greatest poets, Fran-
cisco Villaespesa, left for Salvador re-
cently, He will visit all the principal

the office of the Chilean Railways in
New York, has arrived from Santiago

 

Don Martin Figueroa Anquita, a
wealthy Chilean, is in New York on his
way to Europe.

 

Rodolfo Barriga, a Bolivian merchant.
is in town with his wife and children.
He expects to remain several months
in this country.

 

 

Diego Rubin, a Guatemalan merchant,
igs at the McAlpin Hotel.

 

Recent arrivals at
are:

the Hotel Astor
Luis Jalegn, Havana; Carl Oswald,

eases in which it shall not proceed
against such opinion shall be determined
by law.

No one may draw more than one sal-
ary from the State, whatever the em-
ployment or function which he executes,
The salaries or emolument paid by local
institutions or societies dependent on the
Government are included in this prohibi-
tion,

Chileans to Build Roads,

The city of Santiago, Chile, needs con-
crete roads. Only the principal streets
in which traffic is the heaviest are well
paved. To remedy the situation and to

anding. ; : capitals of Central America and recite | Havana; G. Navarro, Merida; Jose G. {offer work to thousands of Chileans who
The newspapers praise Mr. Haeberle's ue. 7 Mere eae some of his best work in verse. During | Maria, Salvador; Mr. and Mrs. Fran-| are idle the munialpality of Santiago has

work here and declare he did his best to
F ener fi a better understanding and
ip between the two republics.

PRINCE LUIS NOT IN BRAZIL.

Benarchist Head Denies Report of
Secret Vistt,

Rio Janzino, Aug. 17.—Newspapers
fre have been unable to/ confirm a re-
t report from Portugal that Prince
,} Srandson of Dom Pedro, II., last
peror of Brazil, is travelling in

 

week in rélation to the various affairs
of his post. At present he lives in his
summer home in Bay Shore, L. I.

Dr, Alvaro ‘Torre Diaz, general agent
of the regulating commission of the
market of sisal, has returned from Me-
rida, where he went to arrange some
matters pertaining to the commission,
and has again taken charge of the gen-
eral agency.

 

 

nn EEE

his stay in Cuba Mr. Villaespesta is re-
ported to have made over $10,000 with
his literary addresses.

 

Orestes Ferrara, one of the most
prominent members of the Liberal party
of Cuba, President of the Cuban House
of Representatives and editor and pro-
prietor of El Heraldo de Cuba and the
monthly magazine in Spanish La Re-

 

cisco Angulo, Havana; Dr. Luis Baralt,
Havana; Mariano Brull and M. W. Per-
vis, San Jose, P. R.; Demitrio del Cas-
tillo, Jr., Havana; German Rodiguez
Gonzalez and family, Havana; A. Rod-
riguez Morejon, Havana; ©, J. Fritot,
Havana; Mrs. Ynes Y. de Balaguer and
Miss Balaguer, Havana; Miss Sara
Goyri, Havana; Jose Batista Varona,
Camaguez, Cuba.

 

 

Nee

WILL HARNESS WATERFALLS.

 

SLOW DELIVERIES

 

 

FAVOR AN AMERICAN LEAGUE.

 

 

 

voted bonds to the extent of 10,000,000 |

pesos ($2,000,000 American gold) for the
construction of coricrete roads to cover
many new streets of the city that need
improvement.

Argentine Teachers Strike. °

Menpoza, Argentine, Aug. 17.—Owing
to the failure of the municipality to pay
the salaries of school teachers the latter
have struck and as a result a general
sympathy strike involving practically all
trades in this city has been called.

a

message.

Write the magazines.

 

“We who have faith in the great mass of the hard-working Mexican
Nation, we who know with all the assurance of historical law that Mexico
must in time come under the influence of industrialism and carve out a place
of its own in the family of nations, we who wish to avoid years of horror and
devastation, we who dread another Ireland, rebellious for centuries, on this
continent, must now speak up.

“What is the best way in which an American in Mexico, feeling all these |
‘things, can best help avert intervention?
way would be to secure all the publicity possible, as an offset to the wild and
whirling words of the other side.
to his Congressman and home town newspaper in the States, setting forth
the facts as he knows them, and pouring all his faith and feeling into the
Write every day; write to any newspaper other than your own;
write to any other men of influence you know.

A most immediate and effective

Let every fair-minded American here write

Write President Wilson.

Your words will have tenfold the effect of others from
agitators living in the States, for you are on the ground, and will be presumed

thern Brazil. In several quarters it 5 , * (PAST Re ee - 2 ° .
Mamie that the Prince is in this| Argentine Government to Utilize RAISE COFFEE PRICE Brazilian Ser aks ear Jcal- to really know the facts.
tountry. ousy of Neighbors, | .
G t National Pewer. ; ° | y 9 . rl . .
rene, Nuon. | Sresident cf the eA 17,.—The devel- Lack of Rain Halts River} rio pr Jarmo, Aug. 17.—The news- , “Write to-day. Begin now on your sacred duty. The world is siek of
Bentro Monarchists, the most. im- BvugNos AYRE, Aug. a) sg : tx. ‘ Trans ortation Papers of this city are taking the stand wis ta ‘ : : ;
fortant royalist orgarfization in the, opment of the great waterfalls of Tk po . thst mrcatl: Ghanin tate the dae te onc war, and every word of yours may save a young life from the terrible liecatomb
jountry, declares that the Prince is not] uazu in the northern part o ateeness deavoring to establish a league of * _ ion
m Brazil. M. Bueno ts quoted as say.| Will be undertaken by the Argentine | Bogora, Aug. 17.—The small quantity | American nations before entering the under which the earth already groans.
hg that when the Prince does come he| Government, which has had the matter

will come openly and as the lawful heir
the Brazilian throne.

OPPOSES MEXICAN WAR.

beague of Free Nations
Warning Against Propaganda.
The League of Free Nations Associa-

 

of turning the energy of these falls to
commercial use under consideration. A
commission headed by Juan Cooper will
start for Iguazu this fall to make pre-
limimary surveys. The lack of interest
in the development of Iguazu has been

Issues! due to its inaccessibility and the inade-

quate means of communication.
Only tourists who have been interested
in viewing the grandeur of the falls

fon, of which James G. McDonald is have ever made the journey to that sec-

aaron. sent to its memberg a few
ys ago a circular in wich the follow-

ng reference is made to the present |

fexican situation:

“The obvious and increasingly power-
wl publicity propaganda on behalf of
gtervention in Mexico has become so
hreatening that the executive committee
weated a few days ago a Mexican com-

ittee to do all in its power to prevent

 

Alse Getting Coal Options

tion of the country. By some it is be-
Meved that Iguazu is larger than Niag-
ara.

ee Bt ef
South American Exchange

 

(Furnished by the National
Bank of New York.)
Cables. Demand.

City

 

LS

of coffee being offered for immediate de-
livery in this country has had the effect
of raising prices to unheard of points and

good Medellin has, been quoted at 29
centavos, Fortunately the high price of
coffee is not reflected in the price of
other products, which, although still
high, are not abnormally so. The rea-
son for the present scarcity is not, as
might be imagined, the European de-
mand, but the failure of the weather
man to provide rain enough to make
river navigation possible in many of the
streams: F a

Colombia's road and railway develop-
ment has not yet progressed as far as is
desired, with the result that much of the
inland transportation is done on rivers,
of which Colombia has a large number.
Rainfall during April and May was quite

League of Nations. Reasons advanced
by the newspapers are that if Brazil
alone enters the League of Nations as
it was formulated in Paris the neighbor-
ing South American Republics could ac-
cuse this country of being imperialistic
end of desiring to obtain a dominating
position on this continent.

The newspapers of the capital argue
that Argentine publicists have already
advocated the formation of a league of
American nations. They cite the recent
utterances of Leopold Lugones. The
newspapers urge that Brazil drop its in-
ternational ambitions so that it can
march in harmony with its neighbors
without awakening suspicion or kindling
prejudices, ‘

 

CENTRAL and SOUTH AMERICA

   

31

‘VIA COLON"

JOHN Lb. MERRILL, Paesioeny
DIRECT ROUTE TO

Néw York Office
64 Broad Streot Phone Broad 672

The Pioneer Motion Picture Projector.

}
daily answered as follows:
|

 

Mr. Robert H. Murray, a well known American correspondent in Mexico of a New York

August 6, 1919.

Editor English Section, “El Heraldo de Mexico,” Mexico, D. F., Dear Sir:

Every American in Mexico, who truly has at heart the real interest of his
own country and people, as well as those of Mexico and the Mexicans, should
give zealous endorsement to the sentiments and suggestions contained in

your editorial of this morning.

Official action along these lines should be taken by the American Chamber

eiatrre Sing atereind tame tay, oablgm Demand: || tight, and as a consequence of the re- THE LATIN AMERICA FAVORITE of Commerce of Mexico and by the American Society. These. organizations
ust war with our southern neighbor.” Argentina | sani). x a8 85 43.26 sultant low waters large stores of coffee : . il d ; di | ; . : ca
; z Argent me tote y 250 20.88 are belng held fa intertor points. a3 POWER’S 6 B CAMERAGRAPH should as well adopt resolutions commen ing the American Embassador fo
weer e's : . Fr 8 expecte at as soon as e % : ® s : : : +
JAPS BUYING CHILE MINES. Gelb stessssseseese 18.88 18-75 || rivers. rise again these supplies will be his fair, just and truthful comments upon the current Mexican situation
| Uruguay «--sseeees 102.75 102.5 available, an expectation which is re- -

  

       
     
 
   

Neqr
Naval Ports.

on.

of Japanese coming here is

steadily, although Japanese
(e are inconsidesaag

ppomeese

aoa

The newspapers add the!

 

|

      
       
      
    
     
        
   
  
 

(Furnished by the Mercantile Bank
of the Americas.)

  

 
 
 
  
  

 

 
 

(Furnished by Graham, Rowe & €o,)
Chile on Londoa 90d.

  

     

flected in the market price of future cof-
In spite of all efforts of specula-
tors to raise the price of future deliy-

fee.

 

directly under the supervision of the
Federal Government failed to win their
point in the Chamber of Deputies, where
a meagure providing for this act was lost
by a big vote.

a lll lc Re

 

Pioneers o/ Prejection

_ The demand of Latin America for the best pro-
jection has given Power's Cameragraph the same

NICHOLAS POWER COMPANY, Inc.

90 Gold St., New York, N.Y.

 

before the House of Representatives Committee.

Bawrtaco, Chile, Aug. 11.—News- Demard: || exiaa to @ point euual to that of present preference there that it enjoys elsewhere throughout Believe me, Faithfully yours,
pepets cal , tere to the extensive || Colombia ...+.+.++++eee+s 1.00 deliveries the former remain several the world. _ 2pT ‘DD ,
ec hile it rn meee” by Japa-} Ecuador es ks A ee oe 1,78 points lower. This projector presents pictures in a perfect ROBER 1 H. ML RRAY .
I te Sa ae games ona) ee cme ganas tls 15035 ~ manner—clearly, steadily and with complete detail.
b ’ copper and Feru (Government rate)... 5.0125— 1 . Its in bilit a bility dd dability a —
mT properties along the Northern —5.0378 Federalists Lose in Mexico City, oe ity, durability and dependability are
way. Recently Japanese have taken 5.15 Mexico Ciry, Aug. 17.—Advocates of unequalled. . . : :
on coal acreage surrounding the.|| Veneauela ....csseseeesss 5.15 the plan of placing the city of Mexico Let us send Illustrated Catalogue The above is presented as an appeal to the fairmindedness
port of Taicahuano; just north of

of the American public.