hi

 
    

LOYAL RMPLOYEES [= re S TASER EERE EERE EREEEROURREER
; ‘en’ : 9 Pa
+ KEEP PUMPS GOING ji. t Smart Oxtrts | Women's House Dresses 3]

cae bo ” Bake & Com nn | fen
‘ Formerly $2.75 to $5. Odds and ends =f”

Just 200 pairs, in Black or ‘Tan. ’
of our best selling models. Quantity ol

 
   

 

Foreman and Two Men Work
at Power House to Pre-

 

Cannot be duplicated anywhere at

 

 

 

 

 

vent Flooding. this price. Sizes incomplete. Fifth Floor. Business Hours: 9 a. m. to 5:30 sem ‘Closed All Day Saturday During August limited. Make your selections early: | J
QUIET DISTURBS WOMAN: nt ee ~

Limited to Monday—
Women’ s New Fall Coats
of rare beauty of line,

Very Special
at $33.50

The superiority of these coats is
so marked that it will be very evi-
dent even to the novice they were
never intended for sale at this low
price.

The model gives to the figure
slender, graceful lines, and is very
suitable for both touring and gen-
eral wear.

Developed in imported Tweeds
and Mixtures, in Black and White
effects, and rich Brown, Grey and
Tantones. Sizes $4to48. Pictured.

Used to Roar of “L” Trains,
She Is Unable to Sleep
Without Them,

The Annual August Sale A New Fall Frock
of Furs. -- | for Women . jy

a. —One of the most beautiful creations 4
Affords Savings of 20% to shown in Paris Shops for Fall
on the finest Fur Coats, Scarfs

' Makes Its Debut at
and Muffs created for the

' Saks Today
cenmng season.

- 5° at $59.50

N f its
demand for furs by making very ote the unusual beauty of its

extensive purchases six months lines in the tlustration—the grace
i it gi to the fi hands
ago, with the result that you it gives to the figure—a handsomer

may now obtain in this import frock for street and afternoon wear
ant August Sale the finest Fur would indeed be difficult to find.
pieces created for the coming
season at less than today’s whole-
sale costs. Select any garment
you desire and

Pay Only One-Third

Now

the balance when you take your
furs from our storage vaults in
November.

Specially featured today and Tuesday:
Hudson Seal Coats, in smart belted model ........,...... Special $215
Hudson Seal Coats, with Squirrel collar and cuffs .. ....-Special $265
Hudson Seal Coats, with Dyed Skunk collar and cuffs ... .. Special $235
Hudson Seal Coats, with Natural Skunk collar and cuffs... Special $300

' Loyalty of some of the company’s
employees enabled them to keep the dark
reaches of the subway lighted last night
and to keep going the pumps which at
several points are all that prevent the
subway being flooded. This danger might
have been a very real one In yesterday's
rain. After all of the employees of the
Seventy-fourth street power house had
walked out yesterday morning, apparent-
ly shutting off the power and banking
the fires, a foreman and two other men
volunteered to steam up and run the
lights and pumps.

Police arrangements were under the
general command of Gecond Deputy
Commissioner Willlam Lahey, who broke
up the disorder ii the B. R. T. strike,
His first lieutenant was Acting Chief
Inspector Thomas Murphy, borough in-
spector during the B. R, T. etrike.

Just as in the B. R. T. strike hun-
dreds of Bronx patrolmen were shifted
into the unfamiliar wilds of Brooklyn,
so now hundreds of Brooklyn men are
pounding the to them untrodden path-
ways of The Bronx. They are getting
back at their Bronx brethren for the
latter's ignorance about Brooklyn too.

The newspaper dealers were the first
people hit by the strike yesterday morn-
ing. At 168th street and Broadway and
at 18lst street and St. Nicholas avenue
the elevators which connect the street
with the platforms, 175 and 210 feet
underground, stopped before the arrival
of the last train and the news dealers
had to toil up the long stairs with
their heavy Sunday editions.

Hotel Help Rides in Style.

The next people hit were the big
hotels, who found themselves early yes-
terday morning unable to gather in
their help. The McAlpin, Claridge and
Waldorf commandeered a big fleet of
taxicabs and brought bus boys and

 

It is fashioned of a rich charmeuse,
displaying smartly puffed tunic, with
tastefully embroidered band of Geor-
gette Crepe, three-quarter sleeve with
embroidered’ cuffs, and dainty em-
broidered vestee.

 

Not only representative of Fash-
ion’s best effort for Fall—but
an exceptional value at $59.50.

 

 

For Tminediate Clearance!

Women’sCapes& Dolmans
Formerly $29.50 to $39.50

Reduced to $15

An opportunity such as this occurs but once in a great

 

pp To be had in Black, Navy Blue and Brown.

 

We have also assembled a Magnificent Collection of other ‘

Paris-Inspired Frocks ‘

chambe' ids t k in 1 fs ; . ° ‘s P
Taxicabs at the Tailréad stations also while—take advantage of these reductions now! The styles Handsome Caracul Coats .............5. 06.03 .ccc eens, Special $215 a ee oe Sr wae tae or adequate
Se cman Welk Eaenantia anne in Capes are in smart circular and full sweep effects, and the Natural Black Muskrat Coats ........... 0.0. .cccccccccees Special $175 PACER» TAP XT OOURS, A Hontette; Cana o

with baggage and could not get into the meuse, Satin, Crepe Meteor, Serge and Duvetyn

crowded street cars.

Dolmans are unusually clever of line. Developed in Men’s |f+

High-Grade Scotch Mole Coats......................... Special $275

 

ing anything to do they proceeded to try
out the cops’ skill at pinochle.

Jitney fares yesterday ranged from
ten cents to a dollar, and jftneys them-
selves from well upholstered sight-
seeing cars to trucks with solid tixes
and the plain board benches like those
upon which the schoolboys who are now
old themselves “wore their aged trous-
ers thin.”

Jitney drivers were not permitted to
“crab” about the crowded points. “Crab-
bing’ means slowly circling about until
the bus is filled. They .were permitted
uy the ,policé only to make a reguiar
stop, discharge “and take | qn- passengers
arfd move ahead.

The jitney, as Manhattan learned yes-
terday, has a song of its own. Its warn-
ing cry is not the soft purr of horn nor
yet the busy purr of klaxon. It is a
ealliopelike note from a whistle on the
exhaust. Terrifying and startling.

Old residents of Third avenue pro-
fessed it made them nervous not to hear
the elevated any more. One old lady
who has slept for many years in a rogr-
ng room in a house at the corner of
Third avenue and Thirty-fourth street,

 

Ticket agents at most of the subway Wear Serge, and ‘Reversible Satins of excellent quality, a , ; Hi
. ey os bene pene Mae w= Sizes $4 to 46, but not in each style. Fourth Floor. Exquisite Marmot Coats PUTS Cee hee Re eke Special $95 At $25 to $150 ud

Fox Scarfs..... .....Now $48.50 | Skunk Muffs..... vem a $35.00
Fox Sets ...........Now $97.50 | Hudson Seal Scarfs....... $29.50
Wolf Scarfs.........Now $28.50 | Hudson Seal Muffs..... ; ae 50

Wolf Sets...........Now $55.00 | Raccoon Scarfs The Entire Balance of All Our
in a splendid collection of styles Skunk Scarfs........ Now $50.00 | Raccoon Muffs

9
for Betch Weer end Sutewning Furs listed as Hudson Seal are Seal Dyed Muskrat. Sixth Floor Women . Summer Frocks
at $3.95 and $4.75 in Cool Linens, Voiles, Crepe Silks and Foulards

affording substantial savings from regular prices The “Saks Special’’ A S ale 0 f Frocks that were $10.95....................Now $5.95

We have reduced these charming Beach and Swimmin “Now. $7.98 : h:
Suits simply because the sizes are not quite complete. The W ardrobe Trunk Shaving Now SLRIE |
at $47.50

A Special Sale Today of Greatly Re Anu? :

Women’s Bathing Suits

 

Frocks that were $16.50... 0.2.0.2...
Frocks that were $25.........
Frocks that were $39.50... ....

-

styles are among the best created for the present season, icppsaaseneeatiow.. Sale a

f roduced in Satin, Silk Poplin, and good qualit ;
pea Sizes 34 to 46. Fourth Floor. None sent C. O. D., Exchanged or On Approval.

 

  
   

said she couldn't sleep a wink after 4
o'clock yesterday morning.

South Ferry Deserted.
South Ferry for the first summer Sun-

 

en on the Eastern Massachusetts

t onwar that they will strike

2k, with or witheut the sanction

f their union officials, in protest against

what they consider an inadequate wage

the 12 per cent, increase awarded by
(Le Federal War Labor Board.

The car men conducted an unauthor-

d strike a few weeks ago, and

ec ee ag og asap Rea RR th ae anesicrecencnpeemb nea cerca eielbipesm toes ents ssheeipeen ttc lgldaiecediaded edna ieigildircaasipiap inant sinat Raed ieee tne

 

 

For One Day Only—

   

      

Fourth Floor.

You Will Like the

 

 

 

 

is the best value in a really high-

grade trunk in America today
Setonenecenbottint iettere ne,

Very Special

at $12.50

Requisites
for Men Today

affords liberal savings on the

Reduced to $25

To select one of these beautiful suits will

 

 

500 in 18 inch opera length, at $3.50

 

day in many years was not crowded yes- finest grades of shaving essen- 4
terday. si i 9 sses’ ; ; & nt
er ‘which depart thence were hard Women’s and Mi a broad tials obtainable. Note these _ *
hit. The Halcyon and Tourist, whic ° statement to important values: r'
circle Manhattan Island,, carried less N B -P] d Sk k b Pp : f f
tha ’ th bs
gn hat ae en cece ew Box-Pleate Irts mabe Beh 8 Has Gites aoe s...<- DS A Rare Opportunity to Effect a
ried 400 on decks designed ‘for thrice ; $! Ever Ready Razors... .. 85 Sub ial Savi ay
that number. The Grand Republic had ; 1 hy substantiates a Substantial Saving — ee
strip to Bane Mountain, he Mandalay, Special ecial i ie os) the statement. $1 Gem Junior Raaors. .... & FS
for Atlantic Highlands, was in the same x ‘\ he “ : 50 Pk. 6 Gillette Blades... .43 All Our Women’s and Misses’ f
ondition. Coney Intend, Jed peak oa A s . ; : Se = 50 Pk. 5 Duplex Blades 39
Staten Island boats SS n pecia ” is made . . coe . i
‘alf the usual Sunday crowd. t 14 q5 Ot a ‘ 40 Pk. 6 Ever Ready Blades .33 W ay
trictly : ‘a
= ieee earn fe at $14. itt atrcly to oor Te Skvng Brahe hite Summer Footwear | |
Sunday crow no an . Witch Hazel —Pure Ex t, ;
lower Broadway so hurriedly that the tions, drawn up ee eee Formerly $8.50 to $12.50
ow ime to take off 1 . . ‘thi pormeny 90.9U to o12.9U
oases hae its mit oe DTT ar e| "seer
“Via Broad street to Bloomfield.” ow pene simply as an Mmirocuctory : ~ Hl park & Tilford Bay Rum R d d $ |
1 fe handling of lug- 2
ond ee ee ee inser degathackiog offer to our rare ensemble ot Skirts age ae Il kin on ~ il oy e uce to 6.95 § '
boxes around City, Ball Paes Seat = for Fall. Cut in the new silhouette, Note the details of a co eueeeet $1.05 Included in this sale are the finest White Pumps .
th . zs P . t ie” “Mh COO b ees SEOs 6 bene . = . r a ® +
tieniing 6 ane tife coachlike cars in box-plaited effect, and may be ad a © CORSIFES Pinaud’s Eau de Quinine... 42 Oxfords and Colonials introduced this season, ye
pia Nawary Gnate own wai trea i ry splendid selection of All-Wool ' 4 Pinaud’s Lilac Vegetal....... 86 ae reduced 7 oe clearance to make ae
tts a hicior wes bene alee Gites wp colorful Plaids. Sizes 25 to 36 waist- Heavy hardware throughout, fncluding draw bolts D'Ormos Lilac de France room for incoming shipments. The leathers are— ;
fares se er bands. and the best snap lock made, basswood base ——- Vegetal cea 4 Aes ea 3 6 h-0 be ok 78 White Kidskin Nu B k Whi C: - - d B h
yest Scene up into the covered with hard vulcanized fibre, open crown Wes‘phal’s Auxiliator......... 69 EE, Neck’ Mnite Canvas and Buckskin oy
oe ne eee Heard to. wonder what wil | top aneglhae arte oe age se gp Noga a acd eet eee rs ‘ 26 Every size amd width, but not in each model. Louis
happen to all the fares when the jitneys veneer hangers, laundry bag and shoe pockets. rophylactic Hair Brushes. $1.00 XV., Baby Louis XV. and Cuban heels.
fer wiethae au acting tale Sal pal For Clearance Second Floor.
on any of the old cars in which the con-
ductor took your nickel in his hand. All Our Women’s and Misses’ : a
BOSTON COMMUTERS W ° For Final Clearance ;
FACE ANOTHER TIEUP Summer ash Skirts otorists Saks & Company
a ee on. . 9 *
Traction Employees May Re- Formerly $5 to $9. 75 W S d Sh ; ;
pudiate Wage Award. Here’s something 100 omens ports an | Have Just Received from Paris 4
; . . ! | f 5 ee
| Doetos, Aug. 17-—Suburbanites, tiv. Now $2.9 5 and $3.9 5 exceptional S treet Sui ts | and Will Place on Sale Today
communities on the South Side are 25 M t is
. ering when thelr peeeee ated Excellent assortment of styles, developed a otor ] 0 0 0 F h ] ] 4 P ] Lp
Tlation to. am rom eir . . ° * .
vill become normal. The latest pros- | §| in Cotton Gabardine, Cotten Tricotine and rencn- fi ile ear
eae tee wae Se , Basket Weaves. Sizes 25 to 36 waistbands. Restaurants Formerl $39.50 to $59.00 ,

a ° © Really high grade Motor 500 in 24 inch opera length, at $5.00 i
suburban 4 ¥ ’ *

were forced to come to '"Boston by other Saks Hair Goods. Shop Restaurants, fitted with mean that you have secured the best value
as ana, Then car 4

ton elevated railway system. No
sooner were these strikes seitied than

It enjoys natural light, has ample assortments, and

plates, knives, forks, spoons
and cups for six people.

that ever presented itself in a really high-

NECKLACES |

Rich, lustrous, French filled Pearl Necklaces

in delicate creme and rose-creme tints.

Soe ) A: : cine By ae: - Made u
ne Tound ChoMaaiean hometved 4F a the most expert attendants. Let one of our experts help {| Well constructed case of grade Suit. Fashioned of Taffeta Silk. se eee ad yee | Pees
ssesprpilan of traike is promaioed yen aeens'® pee ee led "a e at Pongee, Tricolette, and Wool Jersey. Sizes Se Se ee eee we eames
res tion of traffic is promise rlack enamelec uck, an ’ sev. S12es8 £ = : da |
the Hostoh and Maine to-morrow and Natural Wavy Switch Today at $5.95 ee ee dee ater ' Pearls, and finished with solid gold clasps. At these

© New Haven on Wednesday.

\ strike on the Bastern Massachu-
“t's system would affect not only su-
‘urban lines, but hundreds of miles of
tircet railway in the eastern part of the
Btate and extending into New Hamp-
“ure and Rhede Island.

—a very special offer for two days, only,
Third Floor.

finished hardware.
Sizth Floor.

 

34 to 40 in the collection.

Fourth Floor.

 

special prices they are entirely without competition.

Jewelry Dept., Main Floor.

ee ’