PERSIA IN PARIS

Vetoed Every-Appeal to Other
Allies for Assistance in
Her Upbuilding. .

RUSSIAN MENACE SEEN

Pre-War Aggression of Slavs!

Is Challenged by New Mo-
- nopoly of England.

Special Cable Despatch to Tak Stx
Copyright, 191% aM rights reserved.
Lonpon, Aug. 17.—Within six weeks of
the signing of the covenant of the League
of Nations, which provides in Article
VIII. for the fixing of'the scale of na-
tional armaments by the Council of the
League, Great Britain has entered into
an agreement with Persia to supply that
country with such military officers,
munitions and equipment as may be
considered nécessary.
Furthermore, Great Britain is to sup-

satisfactory view yet of the big

for this distribution, as it affects

of Africa and Asia, but the facts are
beginning to come out and we will pres-
ently know more and more about the
whole truth.”

This whole matter of the parpelling
out of the middie—mean—East will be
the subject of inquiry when the Prési-
dent meets the Foreign Relations Com-
mittee of the Senate Saturday. There
is particular concern to know just what
commitments have been issued on behalf
of the United States regarding accept-
ance of mandates in the former Turkish
Empire.

Secretary Lansing assured the com-
mittee in his testimony that no mandates
had been accepted and the committee-
men assume that is perfectly correct.
But they are nevertheless suspicious that

some tentative assurances have been
given, possibly by the President alone,

as to his future policy in this regard.
This alone, it is said, could explain the
persistent reports from European capi-
tals that the United States is expected
to assume large responsibility in the
Balkan area and Armenia.

ARMY PREPARES TO
PAY BANDITS $15,000

‘

Continued from Firat Page.

their relatives to urge the payment of

the ransom. While no official announce-

ment was made to-night it was under-

ply and Persia to pay for whatever /stoog the ransom would be paid to an
expert advisers are deemed to be neces- | agent of the bandits to-morrow morning,
sary after a consultation between the and it is believed the courler carrying
two “gov ts. The money for im-|the telegrams to the aviators also was
proving conditions in Petia, amounting |@uthorized to inform the bandit leader
to $10,000,000, will be loaned by Great |of this fact.
Britain at the comfortable interest of The full text of the statement issued
7 per cent. while as further evidence of | at military headquarters to-night by
her good will, England is prepared tv Gen Irwin follows:
co-operate in the revision of the treaties “A telegram was received this after-
_ already in force with Persia, the first} moon by Major L. A. Walton, com-
in regard to Persia's claim to compen- mander of the aero unit at Fort Bliss,
sation for material damage inflicted by | repeating a message signed by the two
the other belligerents and the second in| aviators who have been retssing since
regard to the rectifcation of Persia’s| Sunday, stating they had een captured
frontier where. it is agreed to be justifi- | by Mexicans and were being held for
able, $15,000 ransom which must be paid by
For months past, the Persian delega- | August 18, or they would be killed.
tion in Paris had been seeking to lay “This message was brought into a
specific questions before the conference. | town in the Big Bend district by a well
It hag been that every nation | known bandit. Col. G. T. Langhorne,
represented in Paris has been perfectly | commanding officer of the Eighth Cav-
will to hear Persia’s statements ex-jairy and the Big Bend district, + tn
cept Great Britain: For example, it was | the commanding General of the El ‘Paso
desired to engage certain French educa- | district that the \message is authentic,
tionals for Persia but this was vetoed | and that he is taking all necesary meas-
by the Britis for the purpose of] ures to secure the release of the avia-
maintaining thelr monopoly. By obtain-/tore and has presented this matter to
tng this monopoly Great Britain has/ the proper authorities.
herself in. a position to do for Lieut. Peterson is 25 years old and is
a what Persia desired the peace | from Hutchinson, Minn. Lieut. Davis is

TAKE TREATY OUT
OF COLD STORAGE’

Wilson Spokesmen Demand
Early Action Looking to
Ratification.

CRUCIAL STATE REACHED

Amendment Votes Hoped for
This Week—Much Oratory
Is Prepared.

WASHINGTON, Aug. 17.—What promises
to be one of the crucial weeks of the
Peace Treaty fight in the Senate began
to-day with the issuance of a formal
statement by Senator Hitchcock (Neb.),
the Administration Senate leader, de-
claring conditions throughout the coun-
try demanded that the treaty be brought
out of the Foreign Relations Committee
promptly and ratified.

For five weeks, Senator Hitchcock
said, the treaty had been “in cold stor-

age” in a committee controlled by its
enemies. Action on it should be the

COSTA RICA-FREES

oco Still at Large.

By the Associated Presa.

San Joss, Costa Rica, Aug. 17.—
Congress granted permission on Satur-
day, August 9, to President Tinoco to
leave the country on account of ill
health. On the same day his brother,
Joaquin Tinoco, Minister of War and
First Vice-President, resigned the Vice-
Presidency, Gen, Juan Bautiste, Quiros,
one of Costa Rica's miost prominent citi-
zens, being elected to the office. It was
expected that both the Tinocos would
leave the country within a few days.

At 7 o'clock Sunday evening Joaquin
Tinoco was killed with an automatic
Pistol by an unidentified assassin, who
has not yet been captured. The crime
produced enormous excitement through-
out the country. Joaquin Tinoco was
buried with military honors on Monday.

On Tuesday President Tinoco turned
over his office to Gen. Quiros and left
the country with his family. The as-
sumption of the Presidency by Gen.
Quiros was received with deep satisfac-
tion throughout the country. All po-
litical prisoners have been freed, gen-
eral amnesty granted and demobiliza-
tion has already begun. President
Quiros’s Cabinet is made up as follows:

Minister of Finance, Manuel Argon;
Minister of War, Victor Manuel Quiros;

STRIKING ACTORS.
10 PARADE T0-DAY

Continued from Firat Page.

the British actors’ contingent, to be
led by Major Wallace McCutcheon and
possibly including Kenneth Douglas's
menocle. Then one can’t fail to notice
Marie Dressler, leading the battalion
from the Chorus Equity Association.

Finally there will be a draft of 1,500
members of the Equity and a division
of automobiles 16d by Margaret Vail,
niece of President Wilson. and Helen
Keller, the blind girl, who will be one of
the few performers on Broadway to-
night, since her motion picture, “Deliv-
erance,” is scheduled for the Lyric
Theatre, where “The Five Million” was
last week reduced to nothing. In the
automobile section will be wounded
actors, players’ families and “stage fa-
vorites of yesterday,’ virtually making
a farewell tour.

To Distribute Pledges.

During the parade 100 chorus girle—
“the famous Equity beauty chorus’—
will distribute pledges calling upon the
public to swear fealty to the following
pledge: “We are for the Actors’ Equity
in their fight for justice and right.” The
entire squad of Foys will mancuvre
to-day.

For this parade a number of cars
have been donated by outsiders, includ-

en ere

also to be required to furnish sleepers for
the girls on tour, with no more than one
bit of fluff to a berth.

JAIL THREAT HAS NO
TERROR FOR ACTORS

Chicago Strikers Ready to
Follow A. F. of L. Leader.

Cricaco, Aug. 17.—Affidavits citing
members of the cast of “Up in Mabel's
Room,” who joined the actors’ strike
last night, to show cause why they
should not be punished for contempt of
court were being prepared to-day by
counsel for the Woods Theatre, the third
local playhouse to be closed by strike.
The affidav were to. be presented in
court to-mérrow. 5

The fifteen members of the company
struck last night, in obedience to an
order from the Actors Pquity Associa-
tion in New York directing them to
follow instructions of BE. W. Nockels,
secretary of the Chicago Federation of
Labor. Nockels ordered them out. The
action was taken in spite of a notice
sent the actors yesterday by Circuit
Judge Walker ‘that to strike during
pendency of injunction suits started by
the managements of the Woods and
Palace theatres would make them liable
to punishment for contempt of court.

Nockels at.a meeting of members of
the labor federation was reported to
have said he might have to go to jail
to-morrow. The meeting voted full sup-
port to the strike, and members said
if Nockels went to jail they would go
with him.

is

ing Samuel Merwin, so that the striking

RAINS FAIL TO BREAK
HEAT WAVE IN PARIS

Exodus From City Greater
Than on Mobilization Day.

Parts, Aug. 17.—Heavy rains fell in
Paris and the surrounding district last
night and early to-day, but they offered
only slight relief from the excessive
heat from which Paris has suffered for
a week. Thermometers hi)» been hov-
ering between 85 and.95 decrees and
some, in the sun, actually haye recorded

100 degrees. Lyons reported a ther-
mometer showing 120 degrees. Reports
from the provinces say that the ex-
tremely hot weather is injurnig the
harvests.

The extreme heat is blamed partly for

A A

‘the

deserted appearance of Paris yester,
day. Néver in the last five years, ever
when the long range guns were busi
and airplanes were bombing the
every night, has Paris presented sich a
deserted appearance.

There was a four day week end hon,
day, Assumption Day falling on Friday,
and it is estimated that 750,000 persons
left the capital for the four days From
the St. Lazare station it is estimated at
least 150.600 persons departed for Brit.
tany and Normandy. More persons
passed through the station than on
“mobilization day,” August 2, i914

Spain Accepts League of Nationa,

Maprip, Aug. 17.—King Alfonso yes.
terday signed the law authorizing aq.
hesion by Spain to the covenant of the
League of Nations comprised in the
treaty of Versailles, that part of ths
treaty dealing with the organization og
fabor also being accepted by Spain.

j Minister of Foreign Affairs, Guillermo
Vargas; Minister of the Interior, Ale-
jandro Aguilar; Minister of Education,
Salustio Comacho. ‘

Perfect order prevails in Costa Rica

first step, he asserted, in dealing with
the high cost of living.

During the week, the outstanding fea-
ture of which is to be the White House
conference Tuesday between President
Wilson and the committee, Senator
Hitchcock is expected to make a Sen-
ate speech urging that the treaty be
brought to a vote and voicing opposi-
tion to any amendments.

To-morrow the committee will =
|

Kingston, Jamaica, Aug. 16 (de-
layed).—Federico Tinoco, for the last
two and a half years President of Costa
Rica, in a statement on his arrival here
to-day, said he believed the assassin of
his brother, Jose Joaquin Tinoco, had

its hearings, questioning Thomas F. Mil-|come from Nicaragua and that the

lard, a writer on Far Eastern subjects,
regarding the treaty provision which
gives Japan control in Shantung Prov-
ince, China. Against this provision,
Republican Senators declare, opposition
is increasing and they argue that in-|time perfect order was being main-
terest fully warrants withholding com- | tained, and all invasions of the country
mittee action regarding it until all the| from Nicaragua “fostered by Gen. Cha-
possible facts have been uncovered.| morro, President of that country,” had
Later in the week four other witnesses; been successfully suppressed by his
are to be heard. brother, who had been Vice-President
and Minister of War. Gen. Tinoco had

Many Speeches Prepared. |arranged for his brother to assume the

So that ‘committee consideration may | Teins of government during his absence,
not be interrupted leaders said the Sen-; but Joaquin, having decided to accom-
ate might have only a brief session to-| Pany the General to Europe, resigned
morrow and then adjourn until Wednes- | te  Vice-Presidency last

Saturday
day, when Senator Owen, Democrat Pight it arranged that

was the

POLITICAL CAPTIVES
Slayer of Vice-President Tin

conférence to do in the name of all the
Allies.

Practically, Persia now forms 4 link
fn the chain of British influence from
Egypt to the antipodes. Especially
important {s ee, of this new
agreement pipon future relations between

23 years old and is from Strathmore,
Cal.

San Antonio, Tex., Aug. 17.—Major-
Gen. Joseph T. Dickman, commander of
the Southern Department, and staff of-
ficers were in conference late to-night

(Okla.), has given notice he will speak
on the League of Nations. Several other
addresses also are expected during the
week.

Interest in Tuesday's White House
conference increases as the time draws
nearer. It is expected Mr. Wilson will

| brothers and their families should leave
; Costa, Rica on Monday.
Last Sunday night, while his brother

| was on his way to an appointment with

the Minister of Finance, Gen. Tinoco
, Said, hq was approached by an unidenti-
fled man who shot him in the back.
Gen. Tinoco said he believed the assas-

Great ané@ Russia, which in pre-| over reporta from Candelaria, Tex., that
war da ® policy of active | Lieuts, Davis and Peterson, army avi-
in northern Persia and 18 | ators, are being held by Mexican bandits

. to hold similar aspira- | for $15,000 ransom. The ransom, army

tions when “a stable government {8 | authorities have been advised, must be

be asked to disclose many of the inside
developments in the peace negotiations |
which the members say they have failed
to get from the witnesses examined.

Senator Hitchcock's statement,

sin was a paid bandit from Nicaragua.

actors won't be bothered much by the
traction strike. They don’t intend that
the public who patronize their first per-
formance for the strike fund to-night
will be inconvenienced either, for yes-
terday Equity officials started a plan
by which these cars would be used to
carry spectators to the Lexington The-
atre and at the same time given patrons
a close up of stage stare.

It was announced that more than
fifty machines and sightseeing buses will
convey patrons from Times Square to
the theatre at Fifty-first street and Lex-
ington avenue, marking the first play-
house to have ite own bus service for
the footsore devotees of art. These, it
is announced, will be driven by leading
actors at regular jitney rates, so that
for the trifling sum of 15 cents any one
with a fallen afeh can nave a ride and
at the same time breathe the same gaso-
lene with a sure enough dramatic
genius.

The programme, the first to be put on
entirely by players, promises to be one
of the best gala performances, according
to the preliminary lineup, ever presented,
with fifteen acts, containing a headliner
in each. So many actors have volun-
teered to give the public some much
needed entertainment that it is likely
the bill will be changed twice a week to
give every one a chance to say he talkéd
for the cause.

House Is Sold Out.

The houge to-night is said to have been
practically sold out, and the presence of
Mayor Hylan is in itwelf taken as as-
surance that a good show will be put on.
The feature will be a spectacle by Has-

WINDOW CLEANERS
DEMAND $36 A WEEK

Also a Closed Shop and 44
Working Hours.

The window cleaners afe the latest to
join the ranks of the strikers. Peter 8.
Darck, business agent of the Window
Cleaners Union, said last night that the
entire window cleaning trade is feeling
the effects of the strike and that al-
though a conference was held with the
employers at the Broadway Central last
Saturday night no agreement
reached.

Darck said also that about a thousand

window cleaners met in Casino Hal! in
East Fourth street yesterday morning
and formulated their demands. A
closed shop, window cleaners to be paid
not less than $36 a week and a forty-
four hour week.

LUNCH ROOM STRIKE
LEADS TO RIOTING

Chicago Police Called to Sup-
press Three Outbreaks.

Cwicasco, Aug. 17.—Riotous outbreaks
in which a few shots were fired took
piace late to-night in connection with a
strike of junch room employees, who at
a meeting in an I. W. W. hall earlier in
the evening, voted to strike at midnight.

The police quelled three different dis-
turbances in the downtown district.

was
|

isfy your thirst, the better
you'll appreciate this pure, safe
ginger drink. Because of its flavor, its
prime quality and purity, Clicquot Club
Ginger Ale is the most thoroughbred of all
liquid refreshments.
Buy by the case from your grocer or druggist,
Then you'll be sure of a few bottles on ice.

Grrsomet

established in the former empire of the | paid Monday to Dawkins Kilpatrick, a
Curar.

Under the old ‘regime, Persia practi-
cally was divided between Russia and
Great Britain, the former taking the
northern part including Teheran, the
capital and the British the south, with
@ neutral zone between. The treaty by
which this was done still is in effect and
there is little doubt that in time Russia
whi claim that itis etill a binding agree-
* ment, which might’enta!l grave possibil!-
ties ag between, Russia and England.

LEAGUE OF NATIONS
INVOKED FOR PERSIA

a

Artiche X. Said to Guarantee
Her Ind idence. —~

5 ’ Pe

Pais, Aug. 17.—The Temps, discuss-
ing editorially the recent accord between
Great Britain and Persia, says that
however tmperfectly the terms of the
agreement are known as yet, it is clear
that Persia’s independence is affected.

The writer quotes Article X. of the
League of Nations pact, to which Persia
has been invited to adhere, and asserts
that one would have to be a mere phari-
see to argue that this pact is not yet in
force. Persia's constitution, he says,
demands that treaties be ratified by the
Wational Assembly. By the time mich
an assembly could be constituted, adds
the writer, the treaty of Versailles would
be in force and Article X. applicable.

‘In. the.long negotiations at.Teheran,
while the Persian delegation vainly
awaited an audience ofthe Paris con-
ference, does not the British Govern-
ment see there is indefensible antagon-
igm between the policy practised at
Teheran and the engagements it made
here?” the writer asks in conclusion.

SENATE TO ATTACK
BRITAIN IN PERSIA

Borah Sees Move to Get
World’s Oil Control.

Spectal Despatch to Tus Sun.
Wasnincton, Aug, 17.—Great Brit-
ain’s policy toward Egypt and Persia, in
relation to the p: League of Na-
tions, Will be twice attacked in the Sen-
ate in speeches this week. Senator
Borah (Idaho) will devote himself to

storekeeper at Candelaria, under penalty
of death for the aviators.

Gen. Dickman said reports received
indicated the two airmen came down at
the little town of Dilares, which is on
both sides of the Rio Grande. He de-
clined to estate what steps had been taken
to effect a rescue or whether he had been
in communication with Col. George T.
Langhorne, commander of the Big Bend
district. He said a report of the inci-
dent had been telegraphed to Washing-
ton.

.

HvuTCHINSON, Minn., Aug. 17.—Lieut.
H. G. Peterson, who, with Lieut, Paul
Davis, is held for ransom by Mexican
bandits, is the son of Samuel G. Peter-

. a clothing merchant of t cokty.

mother and two sisters are the two
other members of the family.
“Lieut. Peterson enlisted in the avia-
tien corps at the entry of the United
States into the war. Most of his work
has been done at Fllington Field, Tex.
His aerial stunts were so daring that
upon one occasion he was put under
restraint for almost three months.

KIDNAPPING STIRS
INTEREST IN CAPITAL

What U.S. Will Do in Light of
Recent Letter Problematical.

WASHINGTON, Aug. 17,.—-Secretary
Baker to-night after Associated Press
despatches telling of the holding for ran-
gorn by Mexican bandits of two Ameri-
can aviators had been read to him said
he could make no comment: The Secre-
tary did not indicate whether advices as
to the plight of the aviators had reached
the War Department. The State Le-
partment, it was said by officials there,
had received no information on the af-
fair.

News of the holding of the aviators
by Mexican bandits coming on the heels
of the warning to the Carranza Govern-
ment that unless protection was afforded
American life and property in Mexico a
radical change in the policy of this Gov-
ernment toward Mexico would result in-
tensified interest in official circles here.

It was pointed out that the incident
reported from the border to-night was
the second of the kind within less than
two months. However, in the present
case those being held and threatened
with death are American military of-

this in his address to-morrow, and Sena-
tor McCormick (IIL) will announce to
the Senate his intention to speak later
‘n the week on British actions toward
Fersia.

In Senator Borah's speech, the Per-

nas piaaey il deal parueairiy wits BRITISH FORCE BEGINS
ted in tavor et} TO LEAVE CAUCASUS

in effect been negotiated in favor of

Great Britain over all of Persia and that —
Government Does:Not Think

Massacres Imminent.

fy recognition and avowal of the fact

that the Shah of Persia ig to pay a visit

of state to Great Britain. The fact that

he will fail, while on this tour, to visit aa

France has already caused qomment in| special Cable Despatch to Tur SUN from the
France suggestive of disaffection there” London Times Service.

The very frank admission in England Copyright, 1919, all rights reserved.
that Great Britain's position in the Lompon, Aug. 17.—The British War
world of petroleum will be greatly! omce authorizes the following state-
strengthened by the newly secured privi- ment:
ae, i. Sows me gee in-| "The British authorities, while fully

’ Mmuoh Concern | «live to the grievous position in which
about the British Government's activity the Armenians would be placed by a
looking to contro} of ofl territory all| sudden withdrawal of British troons, do
over the world and recently a resolution | not regard the danger of a massacre as
wes presented in the Senate asking in- imminent. The evacuation by British
formation about reports that special | forces, about two divisions, of their
privileges had been given by the United positions in the Caucasus, chiefly in
States of Colombia to British oil in- Georgi, will be very gradual, extending
over two months and commenced on

Saturday.
“It will be some time before even the

ficers and thus it was said there could
be no claim of mistaken identity, as
might have been possible in the two pre-
vious instances.

terests in that country. Because of this
report the treaty between this country
end Colombia was withdrawn after it
had been reported to the Senate, and it
will be held up wmtil at least there is as-
surance that nothing is happening in
Colombia to the disadvantage of Amerti-
can oll concerns which hold la ro)
erties there. ee
Not only will Mr. Borah discuss the
Persian situation with reference to the
ol] situation, but he wil) develop his
views regarding the British programme
of controlling by way of Dgypt, Arabia
and Persia a route through land from

entipely out of touch with Armenia. The
movement is understood to be from west
to east, the last place of importance
to he evacuated being Baku.

“lt is quite a mistake to talk about
a withdrawal of British forces from
Armenia, for we have never had more
than a few outposts actually in Arme-
nia, guarding property and lines of com-
munication. No doubt their presence has
given a sense of security to an area

|

first of the withdrawing men will be | tween the troops and civilians at from

the Near East to India an ultimately
ectnig a Calcutta to Cairo route.

likewise the assignment of great spheres
of influence in the Near East to rents

will come in for attention, with the par-
ticular purpose of demonstrating, as Mr.
Borah said to-day, that “the

for the little fellows. The Eastern world

ip at the beginning of a distribution
nominally among four Powers—Britain,
really
three, for Italy will get mighty
out of it We cannot get a very

France, Italy and Japan—but

of
Nations is not for the great Powers but

where feeling among the different sec-
tions of the populace has always run
dangerously high.

“But the chief restraint on the pop-
ulation has not been the presence of
a few British soldiers in Armenia, but
the knowledge that there has been at
hand a strong European force in the
Caueasus. Undoubtedly its withdrawal
will .weaken restraint and diminish se-
curity, and efforts are consequently be-
ing made to secure an effective policing
of the country by an arrangement
among the allied Powers.”

4

wired
here from the Senator's summer home in
Swampscott, Mass., was made public
through the local office of the League to
Enforce Peace.

“The treaty ratification situation,” the
statement said, “changed somewhat dur-
ing the last week. A new issue was
raised when I asked the chairman of
the Foreign Relations Committee and
majority members when they proposed
to get action.

“I took this course after consulting
with a number of Senators. ‘There has
been a growing demand for action by the
committee. It has had the treaty since
July 10. For five weeks, therefore, the
treaty has been in cold storage without
a vote*or any other action.

“The Senate ts waiting. and the coun-}

SPENT FOUR BILLION,

GOT 72 GUNS IN WAR

U. 8. Succeeded Only in Fur-
nishing Two D:ys Supply
of Shells.

Special Despatch to Tue SuN
WasHinoton, Aug. 17.—The War De-
partment during the war expended
pearly $4,400,000,000 for ordnance. How-

ary is waiting.2and the impatience is inv} &Ver: only seventy-two American made

creasing.

Foes Rule Committee.

“Every one knows that the enemies of
the treaty and the opponents of the
League of Nations control the commit-
tee.
not control the Senate.
ment resents the suggestion that the
opponents of the treaty might keep it
locked up in committee, and this greatly
délays ratification.” ‘

Mr. Hitchcock said {t.was the hope of
the Administration forces to begin vcting
in committee this week on . proposed
amendments preparatory to having the
treaty reported to the Senate in a week
or ten days.

“It is of little importance,” the Sen-|
the committee |

ator continued, “what
@oes as long as it does something. If
it recommends amendments the Senate
will reject them. If it mutilates the

treaty the Senate will cure the damage,

done. The chief harm that the commit-
tee can do is in causing delay.

“Every one now realizes that we are
still suffering from war, and that the
first step toward relief is to ratify the
peace treaty. The President's address
served to arouse the country to the im-
portance of treaty ratification as one of
the steps necessary to reduce the cost
of living. +

“He has very properly connected the
high cost of living with the war.
has shown that the frst step which must
be taken is the ratification of the treaty.”

SOLDIER DEAD IN
CHEMNITZ RIOTS 23

Continued Hostility Results
in Disorders at Funerals,

Berun, Aug. 16 (delayed),.—Eight
officers and fifteen privates were killed
and six officers and eighty-five privates
were unded in the rioting last week
at Chemnitz, Saxony, according to an of-
ficial announcement issued to-day. The
dead will be interred with military hon-
ors at Frankenberg Instead of at Chem-
nits, owing to the continued hostility of
a large section of the populace to the
Government troopk.""""" """"" &”

Crowds gathered in front of the flower
shops where wreaths for the dead of-
ficers and men were displayed and de-
manded that they be removed. The
crowd threatened to interfere with the
burial ceremonies.

Food riota, said to have been inspired
by Spartacan agitators, occurred at
Chemnitz on August &. Government
troops sent to put down the disorders
were overpowered and disarmed by a
mob. The soldiers’ horses were slaugh-
tered and the flesh distributed to the
crowd. Later the mob stormed the
prison and released several Communists
Unofficial estimates at the time placed
the number of killed in the clashes be-

sixty to eighty soldiers and ten civilians
and the wounded at 200 soldiers and
fifty civilians.

GERMANY AND REDS
END DIFFERENCES

Relations Soon to Be Reestab-
lished, Is Report.

Spectal Cable Despatch to Tat ByN from the
London Times Service.
Copyright, 1919, all righis reserved.

HwLsinorors, Aug. 17.—The difficul-
tles between Germany and the Boishe-
vists have been overcome, and it is
said that relations will soon be officially
reestablished.

Prof. Hollmann is mentioned as the
possible German representative at Mos-
cow. M. Joffe, however, will not again
be appointed te Berlin,

Every one also knows that they do!
Public senti- |

He!

| guns and little more than enough shells
‘for two days artillery preparation for

‘a big battle reached the firing line, Rep-

resentative Graham (Ill.), chairman of
the special House Committee on War Ex-
penditures, said to-day.

These figures, Mr. Graham said, were
obtained from the War Department as
the result of the committee's investiga-
tion during the last four weeks.

“The Ordnance Department haa ex-
pended,” he said, “ according to its own
figures, $1,181,182,850 for artillery, the
net result of which was to deliver sev-
enty-two American made guns on the
firing line. From France an additional
409 were secured for the American
' forces Theee figures do not see
ten guns borrowed from the navy 4nd
twenty-eight from the coast defence.
The aniy guns which reached the firing
line, according to officera who testified
before the committee, were forty-eight
of the 4.7 inch guns and twenty-four of
| the 8 inch howitzers. A total of 20,000
} guns were contracted for, of which
4,082 were finished when the armistice
; wae signed, but of which only 481 had
| been shipped to France.

“Quite as appalling is the showing
{made by the munitions section of the
Qrdnance Department. The total sum
} expended for munitions was $3,173,014,-
'456 and the net result of this expendi-
| ture was 10,637,539 shells of all descrip-
tion landed in France, little more than
jenough for two days artillery prepara-
ition for a big battle. It is of record that
the British fired 2,753,000 rounds of
j animunition in their preparation for the
| battle of Messines Ridge and 4,000,000

in preparation for the battle of the
i: Somme. The figures given refer to am-
munition of all classes furnished the ex-
peditionary force by the War Depart-
|} ment except these from foreign Govern-
ments.

“It {sg noteworthy in comparing pro-
}duction with cost that the bulk of this
{ammunition turned out was of the
}emaller callbres. So too in case of guns
| completed, 294 out of the 481 which
| reached France were Timm. calibre,
; while only ninety-six guns that c
| considered real heavy artillery were re-
ceived
“Of course the 75s were the popular

field piece and the one most needed, 80
that "Mo “criticism - can’ attach -to- the
Ordnance Department for supplying that
gun, but the cost is of course small as
compared to that of the large calibre
rifles and howitgers, thus making the
discrepancy between the sums expended
and the guns produced all the more re-
markable.”

DEPORTED GERMANS DEFIANT.

Shout Insults to Australians as

Vessel Leaves Sydney.

Special Cable Despatch to Tus SuN from the
London Times Service.
Copyright, 1919, all rights reserved.
Sypney, Australia, Aug. 17.—Ger-
mans who are.being deported from
Australla sing “Die Wacht am Rhine”
and shout insults when the ,steamers
leave. In the House of Representatives
a demand has been made that they
should be publicly tried before deporta-
tion
The Government replied that the Ger-
mans in certain communities, despite the
crushing defeat of their fatherland, were
as truculent as ever and the Government
was determined that the safety of Aus-
tralia should not be further imperilled
by the presence of these aliens.

To Sell Goods by Airplane.

‘The first American travelling sales-
man to start on a selling tour via air-
plane will leave Eighty-third street and
the Hudson River Wednesday afternoon
at 1:30 o'clock. He ig Roland Bassett,
representing manufacturers of overalls,
and his route will follow. the Hudson
River to Poughkeepsie, with stops being

kill, Mewburgh, &c.

made to take orders at Yonkers, Foe

SS

sard Short and Percival Knight entitled

assassination had been planned in Ni-
caragua and Washington.

Gen. Tinoco said that he decided to
leave Costa Rica on account of his
health about a month ago. At, that

“Equity,” in which Brandon Tynan
several hundred actors will set the world
right for player folk. Ethel and Lionel
Barrymore, with Conway Tearle, will
also be headliners, and room has been
made for the following talent:

Marie Dressler and chorus, W.
Fields tn an _ original offering.
Sawyer and Joseph Santley,
Bernard, former star of
Perlmutter”; Eddie Foy and his seven
little “Equities’; Van and Schenck,
vauideville’s leading singing team; Ed
Wynn, star of “Gaietias of 1919"; John
Charles Thomas, accompanied by
Charles Price, in a singing act; Pearl
White, the daring movie star, and
Frank Tinney, the popular blackfaca
comedian formerly with “The Passing
Show” ; Eddie Cantor of “Fhe Follies,”
and others. There will be an orchestra
of seventy-five pieces, the pick of
Broadway's best orchestras. Silvio
Hein will direct.

The ushers follow: Misses
Sommerville, Thais Lawton,
Marinoff, Flora Zabelle, Grace Goodall,
Mabel Taliaferro, Eva Condon, Hilda
Moore, Mary Gildea and Teria Koring

Yesterday afternoon President C. C.
Shay of the stage hands’ union said that
his organization had no
calling out the scene shifters
more theatres for the present, adding
that they had called the men out in
the houses on Saturday night to show
the managers they meant what they said
they would do and had the power to
make themselves out good prophets.

After a three hour oonference Jjast
night between President Shay and Joe
N. Webber, president of the American
Federation of Musicians, and officials of
the Actors Equity Associetion it was
announced that the stage hands, mo-
tion picture operators and musicians
were in this fight to a finish.

At the offices of the stage hands’
union jt was said that the strikers were
prepared to “go all the way.”

Asked as to whether this meant that
vaudeville and motion picture houses
were to be affected, S. B. Newman, as-
sistant president of the
union, stated that the union officials
were not prepared to make any fur-
ther statement at this time ;

Should the members of these asso-
ciations go out, it was sald at
headquarters that approximately 375,000

Cc.
Ivy
Barney
“Potash and

Amelia
Frannie

in any

workers would be affected, the member- ;

ship of the musicians’ organization be-
ing about 86,000, that of the stage hands
40,000, while the motion picture opera-

and |

intention of |

TMM

musicians’ |

strike)

One I. W. W. organizer was arrested
this afternoon, He was charged with
circulating literature.

Only. about 100 lunch room workers,
said to be employees of three chains of
luachrooms, attended the strike meeting
at the I. W. W. Hall. They demand
an eight hour day,.and a minimum of
$20 a week.

‘id be}

| Equity Association, announced for that

tors would make up the remainder.

Upton Sinclair, apparently having
heard that Charles R. Kennedy, the
playwright, has offered his three plays,
“The Servant in the House,” “The Win- |
ter Feast” and “The Army with Ban-,
ners,’ to the actors, has thrown the full|
weight of his volume of four plays on
the side of the Equity. As an expres-/
sion of his sympathy Mr. Sinclair, writ-
ing from Passadena, Cal., donated this
literary dynamite free of charge

Ottawa,

New Warning to Managers.

-« Frank Gillmore,-weeccutive.. secretary :-
of the Equity, yesterday issued the fol-
iowing statement in which he warned the
managers that the actors were likely
to organize their own productions:

“If the managers come out with the
statement, as we have been given to
believe, that they will close up for a
long term the theatres that have been
or may be affected by the strike, I can)
only say that that will not alter our
resolution to stick until final victory is
assured. I wish to remind them that a
theatre only remains a theatre so long:
as actors are performing there. With- |
out actors, the theatre is nothing but a
building. The actors talents can be as
easily exercised in a hall, in a tent, or
even in a vacant lot. The public will
gather to see the actor no matter where
he acts.

“Therefore, if the theatres are closed |
we shall organize companies to tour the
country, just as Mrs, Fiske and Mme. |
Bernhardt did when a powerful trust
discriminated against them.

Marie Dressler, president of the Chorus

him lonesome. It

continent were of little
concein in comparison

organization yesterday at her headquar-
ters, 117 West Forty-eighth street, the
minimum requirements under which they
would let the managers engage them.

I am delighted that Tur Sun devotes
“so much attention to Can«dia
A Canadian travelling in
States has often felt himse!f cut off from
news of his own country if he has had
to rely solely upon newspapers pub-
lished in the United States.
made
whether Canada was as important a
country as he thought, or whether the
Republic was so large and
that affairs im the northern half

mportance or

doing good service to Canadians and,
I hope, to the people of the
in devoting some attention to its north-
ern neighbor. Geography and the march
of events have so arranged things that
we cannot be unmindful of each other
if we would, The war in which we have
just fought side by side has brought us

Like the actors, they demand an eight
performance week, with extra pay pro

rata for additional performances, a mini- |

mum salary of $30 a week In New York
and an increase of $5 while seeing Amer-
ica

They agree to rehearse for four weeks
without pay, but ask half pay for the
next two weeks of rehearsing and full
pay thereafter, whether the play ts still

rehearsing or has come out into the open. |
Two weeks pay ts also stipulated for if!

a play has been rehearsed for four weeks

and then founders, The managers i

The Canadian
Section of

PUGAEURSUEOUAUGEGLAGOEGRORSODTGERESEDECEAEAOREQUEEPE SEA CUTEOGEEGEUEEAGCR GEE EUEOOSEO EER EDOGEU DO EUEODROEEEL MTEL

nh
tn

cleser together than geography and the
course of history succeeded in doing

NGINGEL

THE CLICQUOT CLUB COMPANY
Millis, Mess., U. S. A.

Contributes to the

of Che

Deputy Minister McLean’s article will appear

TO-MORROW, Aug. 19

Extract from a letter to THE SUN
from Hon. Hugh Clark, M. P.,

lor,

aftatrs: ,
the United a

This made
him. wonder
Yorx Sux,
nportant
of the

dian politica

eal

SUN Is

Inited States ters in

upon such a

nN

Extract from a letter to THE SUN

from Sir Frederick Williams-Tay-
General Manager, Bank of
Montreal.

you all

u upon-the-start-that-+ou-hase-

Editorial in Ottawa ‘‘Journa!.”’

Evidence of the ‘heightened imp
ance with which Canada is being
garded by Americans, as well as of
desire of the people of the United States
to cement the spirit of friendship bo.
out of the war, is afforded by Tur New

Canadian section, issued fundame:
to aid in the promotion of bette
standing between the two coun
securec heart,
al, financial and <
racers, Tur t
despatches dealing with
exclusive Canadian pages is
each Tuesday; and has arranged {
articles on various Canadian

from leading Canadians.
fiom the international value attendant

having the progress and development o!
the Dominion brought before the Ameri-

can people by such a prominent ne
paper is much appreciated
and other circles here

Che Sun

SrOUEUAUUDOAULELAEUNDAUOUOOGUAGONOANOOGDEOEOOEOANOOLOGUOOSOOMOOOUNSOAAOEOOADANUOLAUPUAAAUAEAANDOOGAOOODOELUDONDOEDEUAO NEDO AALAD UU ECHLIU/ IIIb
AUVANSUAUAAONAOSONAHOAUUAEOADUOELOADSUAUOONGUADUALOOEDUSOLOAUDOEAUEADAASOAASAAELOEEDANOOOADOEAUONADUONONAEOGODANEOEANOUNDOAOL ONDA I qU( (1/1010

TIM
UTP

W. A. [McLean, M. Eu. C.

Deputy Minister of Highways for the Province of Ontario

CANADIAN
SECTION

A Highly Interesting Article on

The Ontario Good Roads Programme

This important Province “has designed,”’
says Mr. McLean, ‘‘a network of roads which
will form a magnificent heritage for the fu-
ture, as a lure for the tourist. Southern On-
tario is surrounded by the cool waters of Lake
Huron, Georgian Bay, Lake Erie, Lake On-
tario, the River St. Lawrence and the Ottawa
River; and the Northern districts are a web of
delightful inland lakes and streams.”’

CQULGUSTERDEGDDEGDESERAOSOCRERTEOTOGEOOEEE

DRACAREGUELALOGDEDERAESROSORERERGEEARERRERRGRER ERAT OE

Sun

DIGLOULUGNERE TEES

DERROREEORRRERREGT ER RaEE

Aeretatacena

CRU CRRDERURRROREERAURCEREGGEEROSEaE

success and I c

“
re-
the

whose exclusive week!

co-operation from Cana

UN is now car

Canadiar

uite apart

move, the importance

TERROR LREORRR RRR BERS

Appears Every
TUESDAY

VETULERATLLDERERLECRCRAEAGNGRENREORTR REREAD RAGGRARRGRGREEERARRGEDEATTUREREOGRERREECRRGEOAEDERSNCECRG EGE CROR GEARED RO DEGGREROEDAGGRSUSEREOURESERTLURTUNTEU EC UNSORCSRCEART EARS ESTER a eee coats sagee

SRRUERERERAGETEGEEREEE