~PDter- +he-countrys—

¥ EARNS $87,628,834

 

Profit for Six Months at An-
nual Rate of 92 Per Cent.
on Paid In Capital. |

DIVIDENDS OF

 

 

$2,458,652

Sum of $31,618,248 Carried to
Surplus and $8,512,450 to
Profit and Loss.

 

Special Despatch to Tax Bux.

Wasrminaton, Aug. 17.—Net earnings
of the twelve Federal reserve banks of
the country for the first six months of
the present year were $37,628,831, or a
yearly rate of 92 per cent. on an average
paid in capital of $81,788,000. Barnings
for the first six months of 1918 were
55.9 per cent. and for the first six
months of 1917 only 9.8 per cent. The
figures on earnings have been compiled
by the Federal Reserve Board. They
indicate clearly that the surplus ac-
counts of the various banks, limited by
law, soon would be filled to the maxi-
mum but for the recent extension of the
total amount by Congress.

The earnings will not mean, it is
understood, any scuwet in discount
rates, as these rates Follow financial con-
ditions. Disposal of the earnings for the
six months has been made as follows:
First, all dividends for the six months,
$2,453,652 were paid; About 10 per
cent., or $3,512,450 of the rest was car-
ried to a profit and loss account, while
$31,618,243 was carried to surp!us.

Sarplus Fand Now $81,086,818,

The amount carried to the surplus
fund brings this fund up to $81,086,818
as of June 30 last. This amount is
about 49 per cent. of the aggregate sub-
scribed capital of the twelve reserve
banks, In the case of the New York
bank the surplus constitutes about 77
per cent. of the subscribed capital, and
in the case of the Kansas City bank
about 53 per cent. Surplus funds of the
other banks are below 50 per cent. of the
subscribed capital, or below 100 per cent.
of the banks’ paid in capital.

Total earnings of the Federal Reserve
panks for the six months ended June 30,
1919, were $46,690,577, compafed with
$24,850,190 for the coresponding period
in 1918, while total current expenses for
the same “period were $9,061,746, com-
pared with $4,152,028 in 1918. Current
expenses for the first half of the present
year include $6,552,484, expenses of oper-
ation proper, $2,017,176 the cost of Fed.
eral Reserve notes and. bank notes and
other expenses incident to the issue, ship-
ment, exchange and redemption of Fed-
eral Reserve currency, $447,876; the cost
of ‘office furniture and equipment, and
$44,210 the cost of alteration and repairs
of bank premises in use.

Expenses shown are exclusive of the
expenses of the fiscal agency depart-
ments, incurred mainly in floating the
certificates and Victory Loan issues.

The latter are treated separately, be-
ing reimbursable by the Treasury De-
partment. During the six months of the
present year the banks, as fiscal agents
for the Government, disbursed a total
of $11,119,274, as against $6,425,102 dur-
ing the first six months in 1918,

Profit From war Paper,

In addition, thefe was outstatiding at
the beginning of the year a reimburs-
able amount of $9,573,880 disbursed by
the banks during the tast year. Reim-
bursements received from the Treasury
during the period totalled $13,010,430,
leaving thus a reimbursable balance on
June 30 of $7,682,674>

Of the total earnings for the six
months of the present year more than
82 per cent. compared with 69 per cent.
in 1918, came from bills, largely war
paper, discounted for member banks.
Earnings from bills purchased in the
open market, largely bankers’. accept-
ances, were about $500,000 less than for
the corresponding period in 1918, and
constituted about 11 per cent. of the
total earnings, compared with 22.6 per
ent. in 1918.

Earnings from United States securi-
tles, largely 2 per cent. Treasury certifi-
cates to secure Federal Reserve bank
note circulation, differed but little from
corresponding earnings In 1918, and com-
prised more than 5 per cent. of the total
earnings as against 10 per cent. for the
frst half of the previous year.

Combined earnings from the three
sources named account for. about 98 per
cent. of the total earnings of the Federal
Reserve banks, The remainder ts made
up of earnings from pank transfers, pen-
alties and interest oharges on deficient
reserves, rent forthe temporary use of
bank buildings and other smal’er mis-
cellaneous profits.

AUSTRIA PROTECTS REFUGEES.

Refuses to Deliver Soviet Fugitives
Over to Hungary.

By the Associated Presa.

Vienna, Aug. 14 (delayed).—The
Mungarian Minister of Justice has re-
quested from the Austrian Minister of
Justice a list of the names of former
Hungarian soviet refugees in Austria
and aleo has asked for tnetr arrest. A
reply has been sent to Budapest that
the men who are here are being watched
and thelr arrest is not necessary. The
reply added that the extradition of these
men might be obtained only tf they are
convicted of crimes that are not political.

Czedho-Slovakia is not . granting
refuge to former Hungarian soviets ana
‘s threatening the arrest and extrad!-
tlon of any of thém who may attempt to

 

GERMANY MAY BUY U. S. COAL.

Minister of Economics Tells As-
‘fembly Imports Are Needed.

By the Associated Press.

Weimar. Aug. 16 (delayed),—Herr
Schmidt, Minister of Economics, in the
course of the debate on the coal situa~
tion {n Germany, told the National As-
sembly that Germany, notwithstanding
Serious misgivings, was ready to import
American coal for industrial purposes.

The Minister added that unless the
work of repairing rolling stock was
‘astened it would be necessary to dis-
gontinue passenger traffic this fall, as
“ll the available equipment would be
heeded to haul coal and move the crops,
Herr Schmidt announced that the Govy-
ernment at present was felling timber
‘N order to supply fuel to city homes.

To Probe Phila. Taxi Service.

Harrissura, Pa., Aug. 17.—The Public
Service Commission has issued a state-
ment to the effect that it hae authorized
Commissioners Samuel M. Clement, Jr.,
and James S. Benn to investigate the
*ulo bus and taxicab service of Phila-
delphia. They will look into the matter
of rights to operate, certificates of pub-
lie convenience and into reports of ex-
cessive charges.

 

 

M. Thomas to fan in Alsace,

Panis, Aug. 17.—The candidacy of Al-
tert Thomas in the forthcoming legisla-
tive elections in Alaace and. Lorraine is
SInounced by the Rappel. M, Thomas

th French Seclalist leader and for-
‘Mtr Minister of Munitions.

%

*

:

’ ~

 

WALES SPENDS DAY

  
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
    
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
  
 
    
  
 
  
   
 
 
 
 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
    
  

and a touch of his hat.

at dinner Sir Robert Borden, the Cana-
dian Premier ;

the Halifax military district; George H.
others.

ing that the light cruiser Dragon bear-
ing the Prince from St. John, entered
the Halifax harbor.
St. John around the southwest end of
Nova Scotia was made slowly and with-
out regard to time, because the formal
landing of the Prince does not take place
until to-morrow. However, he was about
early this morning and attended divine

entered the harbor.
the
Italia

the Prince transshipped from the cruiser
to the Reno
commanders o& the Italian vessel and of

Somme, also at anchor here. Following

spection of the three foreign craft.
tion of the city has been decorated in a

ticipats in the royal welcome have been

Officers and Engineers Tak-

 
  

 

Prepare. for. Visit to Alexandria
‘ Bay, N. Y¥., Next Week.

Special Despatch to Tue Sux.

ALEXANDRIA Bar, N. Y., Aug. 17.--
Thousand Islanders are stirred up over
the news that there is a probability of;
a visit here from the Prince of Wales |
the latter part of the month. A report
is current that the Prince will spend
a few days at the Thousand Is!
after next Saturday. ee

The late King ®dward VII, grand-
father of the Prince, made a visit to
this resort in 1867 when he was Prince
of Wales. It is known that the most
magnificent villa at the Thousands
Islands has been Placed at the disposal
of the Prince and his entourage if it is
found feasible for him to stop either

on route to Toronto or on the return
p.

QUIETLY AT HALIFAX

Takes Two Hour Stroll in
Park and Around the
Citadel.

 

en.

 

 

By a Staff Correspondent of Tar Bex.
Havtrax, N. S., Aug. 17.—In the bril-
Nant sunshine of a perfect midsummer
day the Prince ef Wales had his first
opportunity to-day to see something of
the beauty of this storied ‘Acadian
country unhampered by the necessities
of formality.

Immediately after lunch on board the
H. M. 8. Renown the Prince, attired in a
plain gray tweed suit and soft felt hat,
came ashore in a launch and landed at
Point Pleasant. He was accompanied
only by two equerries, Capt. Lord Claude
Hamilton and his private secretary, Sir
Godfrey Thomas, both of whom were in
civilian dress.

No previous announcement of the
Prince’s intention to come ashore had
been made and consequently he was
recognized by only a few of the persons
he passed in his two hours stroll through
Point Pleasant Park and around the
citadel. When he was recognized he
acknowledged the salutes with a smile

The Prince returned to his ship at
5 o’clock and in the evening entertained

Lieut.-Gov. McCallum
Grant, Major-Gen. Thacker, commanding
Murray, Premier of Nova Scotia, and

It was not until 10 o'clock this morn-

The .voyage from

service aboard the cruiser before she

As the Dragon came to her anchorage
s of H, M. 8S. Renown and of the

battleship Corte di Cavour
boomed out in a royal salute. Immedi-
ately after the Dragon dropped anchor
and there received the
two French sloops, the Ville Dis and La
this reception the Prince made an in-

Another full day of ceremony waits
the Prince to-morrow, The business sec-

profusion of the national colors and the
vnits of the garrison that are to par-

rehearsing their parts.

U. S. SHIPS ATTRACT
BRITISH SAILORS

 

\

ing Jobs at Hartlepool.

 

Special Cable Despatch to Tay Scx from the
London Times Service.
Copyright, 1919, all rights reserved.

Worst HAarRTLEPooL, Aug. 17.—The keen
competition which British shipping is
encountering from the United States is
shown by the number of arrivals at
North Sea coast ports of American trad-
ing vessels. Not onl¥ are the vessels
drawing de; they are attracting also
a large number of British officers and
engineers whose acceptance of service {n
American ships involves ultimate change
of nationality.

In pre-war days it was a rare event
to see a ship flying the Stars and Stripes
in any of these ports, but Jatterly the
arrival of American owned craft has
been a daily occurrence at Hartlepool.
Six or more such, ships of 3,500 tons
and over, with wood cargoes, have ar-
rived during the last fortnight, five of
them within the last week. Among them
were wooden built steamships.

WOMEN CALL CONGRESS.

Thirty-four Nations to Be Repre-
sented at Meeting in Capital.
Wasuincton, Aug. 17.—An interna-

tional congress of working women has
been called by the National Women's
Trade Union League of America to meet
in Washington during the week preced-
ing the International Labor Conference
called by President Wilson, to convene
October 29. It was announced at head-
quarters of the league here to-day that
each of the thirty-four countries which
will be represented at the labor con-
ference had been asked to send ten
felegates to the women's congress, each
delegate to furnish credentials from an
accredited women’s trade union.

“This Congress will mean,” said the
annuncement, “that for the first time
in the history of the world the elected
representaives of the organized working
wemen of all countries will have an
opportunity to meet and exchange Views,

 

 

 

PITTSBURG) TO MAKE FIGHT.

Receiver Will Attempt Operation
of Trolley Lines.
PrrresurG, Aug. 17.—Receivers of the
Pittsburg Railways Company announced
definitely to-day their intention of
operating oars here despite the strike
of 3,000 motormen and conductors,
which has been in effect three days.

The statement said plans are being
formulated to resume with cooperation
of the public.

The only development of the day to-
ward a settlement of the strike was
the sending of a telezsram by the re-
celvers to W. D, Mahon, international
president of the Amalgamated Associa-
tion of Street and Electric Railway Em-
ployees asking if he is not in position
to require members of the local union
to comply with the agreement to accept
the National War Labor Boards recent
award.

 

a a ee

a

QUINN SLEW $ FOES |YOUTH DEAD, GIRLS
IN HIS DBATH FIGHT! HURT IN CAR CRASH

Mystery of Lost Battalion | Karly Morning Trip to Coney
Hero’s Fate Solved Long Ends When Motor Hits
After His Last Stand. ‘Telegraph Pole.

TOMB BUILT BY NATURE|SEA GATE CHILD KILLED

 

 

808th Seeks Mother of Brave
Youth, but No Trace of Her
Has Been Found.

Four Persons Injured in Brook-
lyn—Other Accidents
of Sunday.

 

 

 

George W. Quinn was a private in
Company D of the 308th Infantry, and
during some of the heaviest fighting in
the Argonne Forest last September he

was attached to headquarters of the
Second Battalion of that regiment as a
runner—probably as dangerous and difmfi-
cult work us a soldier is ever called
upon to do and a job that requires a
real soldier.

Quinn was with the Second Battalion
when it became “lost” in the Argonne,
and when the Germans ‘had filtered
through the American lines—or rather
where the American lines would have
been if the units of the “Lost Battal-
fon’s” flanks had kept pace with that
outfit and reached their objectives—and
were around and behind and in front of
Col. Whittlesey’s famous outfit scene of the accident shortly after 3

Quinn was one of the three runners|A. M They found the car almost bi-
who set out with Lieut. Arthur Mc-/ sected by the collision with the telegraph
Keogh to make a last desperate effort pole. One of the victims, Arthur A.
to get into communication and establish | Dann, 21, of 522% Twelfth avenue,
Hasion with regimental and divisional | Brooklyn, had summoned aid.
headquarters. The four men fought their Keevy Hirschfield escaped with com-
way through the forest for a day and aj paratively slight injuries. His finger
night, and on the second night Lieut. | ¥48 cut by glass and he had received
McKeogh gave each of the three run- some bodily bruises. The police sum-
ners a code message for divisional head- moned an ambulance and after Hirsch-
quarters and sent them out on his| field had been attended placed him un-
flanks, each runner having his orders der arrest. He was held without bail
to let nothing keep him from reaching for a hearing to-day.
headquarters. Then Lieut. McKeogh Two Injured Girls,
pushed on alone, with the same idea in The girls injured were Anna Keens,
mind and with the hope that at least one| 4g o¢ 29873 West Fifth street, Coney
of the four would get through and give; Isjand, who was badly cut about the
Gen. Alexander some information con-| hody and received injuries to the spine,
ee “Saueens aaa wounted while | 224 Elizabeth Bedford, 20, of 52 Tit.

. fany place, Irvington, N. J., who ha
fighting his way back to the American po cuts Sanat the face and body.
on ee mee Gootax 7 Both girls were catapulted from the coe

as it collided. Dann’s left leg was cu
Guign eached, divisional, headauertere | doeply, and Lavinton, eaide from the ian
° s eye, was cut abou ne y.
ie iad heer ae aiesten — Levinton and the Keens girl were taken

: m 7 ital.
dier’s friends went into the forest and “ie. soak et oo Keevy Hirsch-
along the path that Quinn was sore: field had taken the car out with his
to have taken, on thetr own ra , . father’s permission for a “short ride.”
cause Quinn was a, reel American scl. | After meeting the erie they had a ride
unburied in the shell holes of the Ar- ‘wookins To tie ccahens Ana

A motor car containing four young
men and two girls, driven by Keevy
Hirschfield, 20, son of Morris Hirsch-
field, a wealthy shoe manufacturer, of
1363 Fiftieth street, Brooklyn, crashed
into a telegraph pole at a sharp turn
at St. Albans, L. I, early yesterday
morning, Morris Hirschfield, cousin of
the driver, who was riding on the run-
ning board, was instantly killed. One
of the girls received severe spinal injur-
ies, and the left eye of Samuel Levin-
ton, 20, of 4118 Fifteenth avenue, Brook-
lyn, was gouged out by a splinter of
wood,

The car was returning from a ride, ac-
cording to the police, which began late
Saturday night at Coney Island and
moved to Long Island. The police of
Jamaica, three miles away, reached the

; hey were never able to - 7
binge Gn e him : to all appearances y~ eae png - ee i te = ae
: te of speed as it the curv
the man had vanished, and many Ger- | ® 4/62 Fa : ;
ma . ed at Farmers avenue. The machine
im prisoners-were questioned 684 .all skidded and struck with full force

the German prison eamps searched after
the armistice, but to no result.

It seemed that the manner tn which
Quinn met death was never going to be
known, and his officers and friends in
the regiment had given up all hope. But
finally Capt. Jack A. McGrady, Company
E, 805th Pioneer Infantry, led a detach-
ment of his men through the battlefields
of the Argonne, cleaning up after the
infantry and lying in a shell hole almost
buried by the vines and underbrush
which had grown up and over it in the
months they found the body of Quinn,
unrecognizable, but identified by the
identification tag which he wore about
his wrist and which bore Quinn's serial
number—1680033. And lying on three
sides of Quinn's grave were the bodies of
three German soldiers, evidence of the
fight that the runner had made before
the German's killed him.

Capt. McGrady wrote to Lieut. Me-
Keogh about finding Quinn's body and
of the manner in which the soldier had
died, and Lieut. McKeogh and the 308th
Infantry Association took up the matter
of finding the soldier's mother and tell-
ing her not only how her son had died
but also that his insurance of $10,000
was waiting for her to collect. Andi living at Sea Gate. Rose reported to the
then they came face to face with a mys-| police and was held on a_ technical
tery that has been as hard for them to| charge of homicide. The parents of the
solve as was the mystery of the runner's] dead boy are living in West Thirty-
death. eighth street, Coney Island, for the sum-

They have been unable to find any trace | mer.
of Mrs. Quinn. Her first name is be- Mrs. Edward J. McShane. 31. of Bos-
lieved to be Caroline, and the address| ton, motoring with her husband and a
given by Quinn on his service record is| party of friends, was killed when the
Charlotte, N. Y. Both Lieut. McKeogh| machine struck a traffic post at Ledge-
and Capt. L. 8. Breckenridge ask any| wood, five miles from Dover; N. J. The
one knowing of Mrs. Quinn to notify her |= — :
to communicate with the 308th Infantry
Association at the Seventy-seventh Divi-
sion Club, 435 Lafayette street.

against the pole, cracking it through.

Morris Hirschfield, Keevy's father,
said in Jamaica police court that he was
a relative of Magistrate Alexander
Geismar of Brooklyn, and was given an
opportunity to talk with the Magistrate
by telephone,

Four Hurt in Brooklyn.

Four persons were injured in a tol-
lision last night between a Tompkins
avenue and a Bergen street surface car
at Bergen street and Kingston avenue,
Brooklyn, The front vestibules of both
cars were demolished, Theodore Schieffer,
motorman of the Tompkins avenue car,
received a fractured wrist and bodily
injuries and was taken to St. John’s
Hospital. Of the
Harold Aaronstock, 9, 62 Tompkins ave-
nue, was taken to the hospital.
others were able to go home after being
attended. The accident was due, it wa
said, to a mistaken signal. No arrests
were made.

Coney Island, Samuel Margolies, 5, was
run down and killed by an automobile
driven by Nathan Rose, an accountant,

A Psalm for the Unafraid,

Lieut. McKeogh and the two other
runners who made the hazardous jovwr-
ney through the nests of Germans in
safety have been decorated and cited
for their bravery, and now that Quinn's
death has been established steps have
been taken to have a posthumous award
of a Distinguished Service Cross, which
will be given to his mother as the next
of kin. And in memory of a brave man
and a good soldier who did a dangerous
job for a long time and did it as an Amer-
{can soldier should have done it, Lieut.
McKeogh has written a poem, dedicated
to Quinn, which appeared in last week's
issue of the Saturday Evening Post. A
few of the verses follow:

They didn't give Quinn the D. &. C.,

For they didn't know how he died.

But three still forms around him sprawled,

They could have testified;

They could have told before he was cold—

If he hadn't plugged their hide.

  

<a

New York's

  
    

No one was there when the thing was done,
Deep in the Argonne glade,
No one but Quinn and the three in gray,
And there the four have stayed,
Where the night wind’s hush through the
soughing brush
Is a psalm for the Unafraid.

  

The captain had found him measured out
With his fallen foemen three,
Had found the message—the torch, you
-—"say? es PLETE
That he bore for you and me;
It was turned away for that certain day
yhen the trail'’s eternity,

No, they didn’t give Quinn the D,. 8. C.,,
The tomb wherein he’s laid.
Was fashioned for all the ages from God's
Blessed sun and shade,
And the night wind’s hush through the
soughing brush
Is a psalm for the Unafraid.

BOLSHEVISTS LOSE TOWN,

Ukrainians Report Success in Ate
tack on Zwerinka.

By the Associated Press
Warsaw, Aug. 17.—Gen. Simon

 

 

Pet-

lura, the Ukrainian anti-Bolshevik
leader, after having withdrawn his
troops from the Polish front, has at-

tacked the Bolsheviki and conquered the
important town of Zwerinka.

 

 

 

 

injured passengers, |

The |

While crossing Mermaid avenue at |

Renders invaluable service to the
Business Cc
; by publishing
ALatinAmerican Section Every Monday
A Canadian Section
An Australasian and
-Far-Eastern Section.-.----- -—

 

 

 

 

. sistance was offered.

party was intending to stop at Culver
Lake, in northern New Jersey. Mr.
McShane said he did not see any light

JAPANESE BACKING
x Pierce, Wretnturee of Xess! BIT - PHRLAN SAYS

collision between the motorcycle hé was
driving in Newark and an automobile. en
Ernest Blum, 15, who was riding in the
motorcycle side car, was thrown out,
uninjured. William A. Bassett of 165
Sherman avenue, Newark,. who was
driving the ‘automobile, was paroled to
await the outcome of Vredenburgh’s in-
juries.

Isaac Brower of Little Falls, N. Y.,
was killed on the Hamburg turnpike,
near Butler, N. J., when he was struck
by an automobile. The driver, Arthur
J. Doscher of Newark, said he was
blinded by a car approaching from the
opposite direction and in making a turn-
out did not see the pedestrian.

| California Senator Charges
Immigration Measure Au-
thor Is Agent.

 

WASHINGTON, Aug. 17.—Senator Phe-
lan (Cal.), in a statement to-iight de-
clared the immigration bill recently in-
troduced by Senator Dillingham (¢Vt.),
under which immigration would be fixed
at 56 per cent. of the number of any
nationals now present in the United
States, was sponsored by Dr. Sidney L.
Gulick, who Senator Phelan charged “is
simply a Japanese agent.”

With his statement Senator Phelan

 

 

SLOVAKS TAKE BRIDGEHEAD.

Troops Move in Pressburg, Thirty-
three Miles From Vienna,
f By the Associated Press.
VIENNA, Aug. 14 (delayed).—Czecho-
Slovak forces to-day occupied the bridge-
head at Pressburg, about thirty-three

miles east of Vienna, on the border be-
tween Austria and Hungary. No re-

tu Dr. Gultck by K. K. Kajakami, a
Japanese newspaper correspondent and
author of San Francisco, which he de-
clared proved that the Gulick bill had
been prepared in collaboration with Ka-
jakami.

The bill Senator Phelan denoynced as
“grossly unjust to the State of Cali-
fornia, which is seeking every means
possible of ridding itself of the Japa-
nese.”

Referring to his call upon Goy.

Sigmund Kunfi, who was Minister of
Education under the Bela Kun dictator-
ship, has been arrested at Pressburg
Ste-

 
  

 

 

a

uh

made public a Copy of a letter addressed |

|

 

   

phens to have an extra session of the
California Legislature strengthen the
alien land laws, Senator Phelan sug-
gested that the laws might be proposed
by initiative.

The letter which Senator Phelan de-
clares in his statement proves ‘“‘that Dr.
Gulick, although he has denied it, is a
Japanese agent, and that the bill is the
result of collaboration with Mr, Kawa-
kami,” is dated June 23, and addressed
to Gulick at headquarters of the Fed-
eral Council of Churches in New York
city. As given out by Senator Phelar
ii is as fellows:

“My Dear Mr. Guiick: Upon my re-
turn home I find the situation in Califor-
nia very unsatisfactory. I am deeply
concerned with the future development
of the situation. I am afraid that the
Japanese question is going to be a po-
litical issue again. Of course, Senator
Phelan and the Hearst papers are fac-
tors which have brought about this new
condition.

“Mr. V. S. MeClatchy of the Sacra-
mento Bee has added strength to the
agitation already started by Phelan and
Hearst. He has taken a flying trip
to the Orient, covering Japan, Corea
and China, in perhaps a month and a
half. Upon his return home he began
to write articles in the Bee violently
attacking the Japanese.

“When I was in New York you inti-
mated to me that you would like to come
to California to present your proposal
before the California public. I wonder
whether you still think that idea advisa-

ble, in spite of the fact that you have | reported extremely plentiful.

REG US PAT Orr

THE BEVERAGE

Sho alt- year-round sott drink

For business men, professional men,
men of sports~~ golf , bowling,tennis,
shooting, riding.For everybody, every~

bu

A

ST.LOUIS

Anheuser-Busch Agency,

Wholesale Distributors

NEW YORE, N. Y,

Families Supplied by Dealers

  
    

=

mo paper

Communi

Every Tues day
Every Wednesday

 
  
       
     

|

rf a

  

  
 

|

been made an object of severe criticism,
both in Washington and in California.

“I have not followed the newspapers
very closely, and I am at a loss to know
whether your immigration bill has al-
ready been presented to Congress.

“1 shall be greatly obliged if you will
send me a copy of euch bill if it has al-
ready been formulated,

“If you still think your trip to Califor.
nia will do much good I think we can
find the way to bring you here, I should
be interested to have your opinion on
this matter.

“Yours very sincerely, K. K. K.”

BRING IN 102 SWORDFISH.

The Catch Brought Crew 85,200
for Three Weeks Trip.

New Breprorp, Aug. 17.—One of the
most profitable tFips ever made by fish-
ermen from this port wae reported here
when Capt. Robert Jackson of the
| Schooner Liberty arrived with 102 sword-
fish aggregating 20,000 pounds. The
catch wae sold on the dock at 26 cents

a pound, totalling $5,200 for the three
weeks trip. .

The crew was made up of four other
captains in addition to Commander Jack-+
son, the owners of the other boats hav-
ing docked their vessels when the strike
of fishermen was called here a month
ago. After unloading their catch the
crew planned to return imm@diately to
the George Banks, where the fish are

 

 

 

where, the year round. Bevo is hale
refreshnient for wholesome thirst--<
an invigorating soft drink. Ideal for
the athlete or the man in physical or
mental training--- good to train and
gain on. Healthful and appetizing.
ANHEUSER-BUSCH

uy

  
 

  
  
   
 
 
  

    

yee
f/

i
yi

  
 
   
 
    
   
    
   
   
  
 
  
 
 
  
  
   
 

 
   

  
    

 

a