rT GUESSES.
ic LOWER PRICES

PROGRESSIVE TAXES,

URGED BY TARDIEU

Praises American System of
Income Levies.

Paris, Aug. 17.—Capt. Andre Tardieu,

s Unrest’ and Cost of |Commissary-General of the French and

Baneful to Bulls.

 

NY ADVISING CAUTION

—_—

 

ving Agitation Viewed as |;

American Affairs of War, delivered an
address to-day in which he defined the
financial attitude of France on the qoca-
sion of the transfer to his native district
in the Vosges Mountains in Alsace of the
ashes of Abel Ferry, a French Deputy,
who was killed in action. In his address
Capt. Tardieu said:

“We shall have to pay great sums,
but France will pay only according to

Ready to Pounce if Pools — Just as me fought only for jus-

} Should Lift Quotations
a Little.

 

k, essional sentiment in Wall Street,
BBi revealed in the market letters sent
i omers at the week end, indicate
Mat the view is widely held that the
will work into lower levels, 80

as the industrial unrest continues

ey

one must in justice pay accord-
ing to

is means. In order to found

| oreo this fiscal system of justice two

principles must be kept in view—to tax

the small fortunes most fairly and to tax

the big ones progressively. When the
big ones shall pay, ag they do in Amer-
tca, 60 and 70 per cent., then the small
ones will pay more willingly. ,

“Before the complete reform of all ita
finances the country is proving already,
month by month, its good will and its

the high cost of living problem

unsolved. These two factors
feome to the front in the market
; rations for first importance
ane of them receive detailed at-
in the published outlooks.

capacity for paying what is necessary,
for we can see right now that the taxes
will bring, in this year more than ten
billions of francs. When we contemplate
pe present we refuse to despair of the
uture.

* from some of these profes- “France,finds in the tréaty which she
; 1 advices follow: has just signed a large perspective in the
| Whonnard Mills & Co. say: “Under | frame of the League of Nations, in which

she sees clearly the future formula of
international relations.”

MURPHY WILL HEAD
EXPORT FINANCIERS

Foreign Credit Corporation,
Recently Incorporated,
Elects Its Officers.

circumstances, we cannot help but
caution for the present in the!

‘ of speculative commitments.
money is apparently easy, many
prominent and high-priced speci-
are not accepted by the banks
eollateral except at a sharp discount
their current market quotations.”

‘A. A. Housman & Co, give this advice:
r market is plainly in a waiting
with stocks in a trading area,

with price movements largely* In-

i by professional ‘transactions.
larity will probably continue, but
are no elements now present to
another open break in prices.’’

mess Expected After Break.

mborn & Co. say: “Million share
and less plainly indicate that the
market is acting according to form,
sive duiness being the usual
of a sharp*break such as was

jed last week. The same is true of
extreme professional character of
4 trading, fluctuations with the excep-
of a bakers’ dozen of specialties be-
B moderate. Liquidation from all ap-
nees has run its course, but the

ce of the public from active par-
tion makes it easy for-the bear
ty to bring about temporary reac-
covering from the same quarter

 

 

 

af

The Foreign Credit Corporation, re-
cently incorporated with a capital of
$5,000,000 and a paid in surplus of $1,-
600,000, has announced the election of
the following officers: Grayson M. P.
Murphy, vice-president of the Guaranty
Trust Company of New York, D. Ray-
mond Noyes, vice-president and mana-
ger.

Although the company is not the first
formed in this country to do an accep-
tance business,- it is nevertheless be-
lieved to be the first New Yor’: corpora-
tion formed primarily for that purpose,

ing rallies.” and it will accept drafts of both forei
en
. ¥ body & Co. sum up the present) and domestic clients. The company,
B tus of the market in this manner:| which has been formed under New York

Dears have succeeded at last in
the market so badly that they
shaken enough stock out of the
lic to enable them to cover the most

f laws, will devote itself chiefly to the
i

ef their short commitments at a profit.
;
LS

financing of exports, though under its
charter it will have other broad powers.
The charter was obtained some time ago,
but it is understood that the organiza-
tion was not completed on account of the
discussion relative to other plans for
financing foreign requirements.

The directors will be representatives
of the several banking institutions in-
terested as stockholders, which include
the Guaranty Trust Company of New
York, the Chase Securities Company
and a few banks in New York and other
large financial and commercial centres
of the country.

E. V. Thayer, president of the Chase
National Bank, will be chairman of the
board of directors, and Albert Breton,
vice-president of the Guaranty Trust

Company of New York, will he chairman

‘ t “ Bara tc cir te oe hte of the executive committee. Mr. Noyes,

a er low level. This they will prob- who will have charge of the company’s

be able to do goon.” operations, was for ten years associated

TZ. R deon & Co. say: ~The bears with Brown Brothers & Company, and

fer sa tied . tt . h. their later was a partner of Jackson & Curtis,

having eee "prey ee which firm hé left to enter the United
“way these days, letting the market Btates Air Service.

fu the morning and ham-
E wont “where there ‘are’ sop| DEATH MYSTERY IN
HOTEL IS UNSOLVED

point where there are stop

easy to tap or where some over-
Police Hampered by Delay in

' burdened pool ‘s becoming weary hold-
ee high priced specialty.”
& Stieglitz say: “Important . . r
Getting Finger Print Record.
Although the Detective Bureau at Po-

' Dankers believe that any rea] upward
swing in the market will be led by the
rails, in view of the brighter outlook for
sound railroad legislation to come from | j::q Headquarters has been working more
than seventy-two hours on the mystery
surrounding the murder of a man sup-
posed to be Sergt. Cecil E. Landon of the

Congress.”
Quartermaster Corps of the Army, at

|
Public Appetite Satisfied.
the Hotel McAlpin last Thursday -morn-

. © A. Morse of Clark, Childs & Co.
gays; ‘That volume of speculation has

ing, they admitted last night the circum-
stances surrounding the crime and the

me «osecuncd following several
sharp breaks in prices, seems to prove
‘that the public a tite for atocks has

been ected Beye ar and that it will oo tte) the slain man were by no

take - means cleared up.

pews. partioviar Savelontnents of Inspector John Cray, in charge of the

Detective Division, said no news had

been received from Portland, Ore., where

importence in matters of worldwide in-
terest to get a bull market under way

Landon is said to have lived before en-
tering the army.

— on a large scale, Public accumu-
The finger prints of the man in the

of stocks still remains so large
Morgue were sent to Washington late

we may expect a steady movement
Mquidate when prices show moderate

Friday night, and the police say that if
the department in Washington is not up

7 » Webber & Co. say: “Through
a A to the

liquidation and readjustment of
nts the technical position of the fin

ger prints of the soldiers who have

market has been somewhat im-/ heen discharged in the past several

months it will take at least two weeks

4 kit

~~

they were unable_to do previous
ugust 4.

bears have covered a large por-

of their short contracts and are

ty ding aside and waiting for the pools

rk stocks up again. The higher

tter. The bull pools are doing

| their best but are not meeting with

t success. They have the wind (in-

) in their favor but the tide

and industrial conditions) is run-

E ‘against them.
- while, the bears are ready—
bi they think the pools have lifted

high as possible and are be-

 

 

Sntte
abtruptiy,

proved. We are inclined to expect a
| felatively dull period for a time, during
Which the underlying status will prob-
ably make further progress toward nor-
_ mal, after the excited bullish specula-
| ts@n of recent months.”

E. W. Wagner & Co. remark: “The
market may have to undergo a major
East Eightieth street, by

eration before it improves definitely.”
‘ see oat rciecnaie his family to the story that the body
; ROAD MAKES A NEW RECORD, was that of the policeman. They said

j SS he had reported home and would be at
| Ohesapesake & Ohio Has Largest | the office of John Joyce, Assistaht Dis-
Grose and Net Income. trict Attorney, to-day. He has been do-

, ing special work for Mr. Joyce and had
; Operation of the Chesapeake and Ohio | not reported to him since last Thursday,
| Wmes in 1918 established the largest] they said.
; js and net income that the railroad =
ever made, according to the financial MEET SHIP
report of the directors. The net for the POLICE BOAT TO rs .
year, under Federal operations, amowmted
to $17,218,677, compared with $15,495,- Crew of the Colea ts
799 last year, an increase of slightly Mutinous.
A police launch is being held in readi-

more than 11 per cent.

The standard return to the road, as ness to meet the Panama Line steam-
@ertified to the Interstate Commerce| ship Colon, which reported yesterday
Commission, is $13,226,983, which leaves! evening that her crew were mutinous,
the Federal Administration a profit of| and requested police aid on reaching the
$8,991,694. Directors, believing that the | jower bay. The Colon sailed from
certified compensation is not sufficient,| Cristobal on August 11 and was due
h&ve authorized application to be made|at this port yesterday.
to the Director-Genera! of Railroads for The radio received yesterday did not

give the vessel's position, but she is

&@ contract providing additional compen-
expected to arrive to-day. Arrange-

gation of $1,047,409. The annua! report
a this comment: ments to have a police boat-in readiness
— to meet the steamer were made by the

company undertock no new
Gpancing during the present year, but| agent of the Panama Line with Lieut.
Michael J. Mulhall of Harbor Squad A.

itis probable that a considerable amount
DU PONT TO DINE COUNCILS.

@f money must be provided during the
Luncheon Will Be Preliminary to

affirm or nullify the present identifica-
tion, which is not considered positive.

tions of the police seriously.
Denials were again made yesterday at
the home of Detective Darby Deat, 166

 

 

Radio Says

 

@eming year to meet the cost of addi-
tens and betterments to the property
during Federal control, including the
cest of equipment ordered early in the

i fei and the cost of equipment allocated
it by the Director-General of Rail-

Conference,

A luncheon will be given by Gen. T.
Coleman du Pont at the Bankers Club
on Friday for members of the executive
POST OFFICE FOLK WANT MORE| committee of Community Councils of

JF National Defence Be preliminary to a

ix to Hundrea _| conference to be held at the home of
«eon “ ve Fer Cent Mrs. Henry P. Davison on September 6.
es se Sought in Boston, The organization represents social, in-
“Boston, Aug. 17.—Men and women} 4ustrial and commercial activities and
employees of the Boston district |i8 Planning post bellum civic work in
mass meeting in Faneuil Hall pro-| Which a programme for alleviating labor

     
  
   
  
  
    
    
 

 

 

 

minute in the classification of

members of

  
  
     
      
  
    
  
    
 
   
  
 
  
  
 
    

ys

to-day against their present sala-
and adopted a resolution demand-
Congress increases that would

BR appointed to readjust salaries was
d. A resolution was adopted '
ing that Senator Walsh and the
ntatives from Massachusetts, to-!'
with a committee from the postal
eerie Bre President Wiisun

 

of
e their income to its purchasing
r of twelve years ego. 1t was tnti-!

B. that from 66 to 100 ‘per cent
A be necessary.
s of faith in the joint commis: |

| United Cigar Stores Company.

unrest ts included.

The movement was begun a year ago
and has now eighty-two councils in the
five boroughs.

 

Cigars Add $2,500 to Ice Fund.

Philip Berolzheimer, City Chamber-
lain, acknowledged yesterday a contri-
bution of $2,500 to the Mayor's ice fund
|; made. by Edward Wise, president of the
The
check represented the value of ‘cigar |

fcoupons deposited by customers in boxes | Stuyvesant

|

installed for the benefit of the ice fund
in the company’s stores.

A\

GRAIN HTS BOTTON, ww A
AS DO PROVISIONS

Corn Crop of 8,000,000,000

Bushels Depends Upon the
Weather Conditions.

 

EXPORTS

 

Steady Decline in Foreign Ex-
change Is Brake on Over-
seas Shipments.

 

The week's results have been a radical
down movement.in ali grain and pro-
visions, with the close at about the low
point. In corn the decline was influ-
enced by the pronounced conviction that
the crop was made, and it seems to be
& question of weather and frosts whether
it be a total of 2,700,000,000 or 3,000,-
000,000.

August rains have been of good vol-
ume, and with the middle of August
pai there has been a rain within a
few days over very wide areas.

The Southern corn crop is made, and
new corn from Texas, ten days’ ship-
ment, is being offered at $2.05 in Memphis.
Texas has raised nearly a bumper crop
—more than a hundred million in excess
of last year, and nearly the entire South
hag raised a good crop. With the high
— of corn North the new corn will

revent further Southern demand, and
ke probably will move into sections where
it will be handled and consumed quickly,
to the detriment of the demand on old
corn. With the assurance that the new
crop is safe there has been freer move-
ment of old corn from the West.

In oats and other grain the markets
have been weak, but have not sho
such pronounced depression as in co
due to the fact that values are not tat,
oa the cash article, from export levels.
Im fact, export business has been done
in fair quantity during the week, al-
though seriously handicapped by the #D°
tion of the foreign exchange market.

The steady break to new low levels fe
exchange is just as much added difficulty
in the way of export business. Except
for old oats, there appeared to be little
interest in oats the last week. The poal-
‘ ton of German exchange is steadily
growing worse, and with marks below 5
cents it costs the German buyer $5 for
every dollar’s worth of American goods.
Exporters to Germany say that the most
Germany will pay is 25 to 30 per cent.
cash and the rest in German marks, pay-
able through a German bank credit In a
year, and that this German bank credit
cannot be discounted owing to the un-
certainty as to financial conditions in
Germany.

Some of the leading exporters, men
who have been in close touch during the
war and with the handling of many mil-
lion bushels of grain, describe the situa-
tion as one in which it is a case of actual
need whether buying is done or not.
During the war it was absolutely essen-
tial to keep a certain amount of grain
moving all the time. Now there is
enough grain in the world, which when
it can be paid for can be moved within
a short time to the place where needed.
Europe, knowing this, will govern buying
accordingly.

TEXAS OIL STOCK INCREASED.

Shareholders Backed Action
Company's Directors.

Trenton, Aug. 17.—The Texas Oil
+ Company, with principal offices in Hous-
ton, Tex., and New Jersey office in Jer-
sey City, filed a certificate here yester-
day showing that tt had been decided in
a resolution of a majority of the stock-
holders on June 22, 1917, to increase the
capital stock from $55,500,000, composed
of 555,000 shares at $100 each at par, to
$69,375,000, consisting of 693,750 shares.
The resolution was adopted by the board
of directors on November 13, 1917.

The directors are E C. Lufkin, Amold
Schlaet, L. H. Lapham, A. B. Hepburn,
Amos L. Beatty, U. N, Hill and W. A.
Thompson, Jr., of New York; T. J. Dono-
hue, C. P. Dodge, R. C. Holmes, and G.
L. Noble of Houston Tex. ; J. J. Mitchell
of Chicago, and John H Lapham of San
Antonio, Tex.

EE SN

 

of

Two in Automobile and Engineer
Meet Death in Vermont,

BURLINGTON, Vt., Aug. 17.—Three per-
sons were killed when a Central Ver-
mont Railway passenger train struck an
automobile at a crossing in Jonesville
to-day. They were John Miles of Hun-
tington and his wife and C. R. Smith of
St. Albans, engineer of the train.

Smith was scalded to death by escap-
ing steam. Miles's daughter, Lena, was
taken to a hospital in a serious condi-
tion, The passengers on the train were

to get the information which will either|Shaken up by the sudden application of

the emergency brakes.
A. W. Chevalier, the fireman, jumped

This holdup will hamper the investiga- from the engine and escaped with slight

injuries. Several other occupants of the
automobile were not seriously hurt.

"Miles, a middle aged merchant, and
his party approached the crossing
through a covered highway bridge over
the Winooski River. Apparently they
failed to hear the approaching train,
which crashed into the car. The loe»-
motive was derailed and went into the
river.

WOMEN AID BUILDING FUND.

End Their Vacations
. United Project.

Mrs. Jecob H. Schiff, Mrs. Felix M.
Warburg, Mrs. Mortimer L. Schiff and
Mrs. Sidney C. Borg are among the
women who will come from their sum-
mer homes to attend a meeting in the
Riltmore at 9:15 to-morrow morning to
plan the women's campaign of the
united building fund, it was announced
yesterday by Col. H. A, Guinzburg,
chairman of the campaign committee.

Among other prominent women who
will attend the meeting are Mmes.
Daniel Guggenheim, Alexander Kohut,
Mortimer M. Menken; Arthur Lehmau
and William Einstein.

At this meeting chairmen will be se-
lected for the various trade committees
to cooperate with the members of those
committees in making a complete can-
vass of New York's leading trades for
the purpose of obtaining subscriptions
to this. fund, and the women's work will
Le definitely organized.

—_—_—

New York and Hartford ae Stocks.
id.

 

to Assist

   
   
 

 
    

 

  

Asked

Aetna Casualty & Surety..... 630
Aetna Life Insurance Co.,. 710
Aetna Insurance Co. 425
American Alliance 260
Arsurance Co. of A =
City of New York..... 128
Continental ...... 16
Commonwealth 225
Fidelity-Phemix ..+6..-see-s0s 615
PROMI 2+ ciscecccess ane @u4 80 85
CHORE WOME 00d scicescnsnredces 64 70
Globe and Rutgers,......... 00 od
Great American, new stock...400 410
TOROVOP 5 600.58 oh e022} wees 99 ee " 90
Hartford Fire Ins. Co........ 54 560
Hartford 8. B. Ins, & Ind, Co. ‘Sto ®
SNUG aes ae hh 664044 43 04.06 CRE $55 65
National Liberty.. ol b5 65
National Fire Ins. 400 410
New York Plate Gla -185> 5 145
Niagara .. 185 200
North River. . 89 42
Northern .:..... 102 pe
OMIEA s vadeud!s seen testavden 45 60
Phoenix Insurance Co........ oAi® 480
Standard Fire Insurance Co... 50 60
dn katuihe AUR <a haes 78

Travelers Insurance Co...... ato
United States......... ovestee 80 87
Westchester csccccccssveseece BF ot

HELPING OATS

   

[Sandy Hook..1:00.A M oy. we since its Inception.
‘inte panes. 1:1%A M P'

f vre
Unbe Mendi, Lisbo:
dad
Cc
Turti
‘opa.
Se
Cardiff. July
A
Manxman, Bordeaux,
Submarine Chaser
La
Brei:
ju, Live
Ss Brande:
{

 

“LAFAYETTE SPEAKER.
General Will Make Address

on 1624 Anniversary.

The Lafayette Day National Commit-
tee announced yestefday. that Major-
Leonard Wood would be the prin-
cipal speaker at the" ceremony in com-
memoration of the 1624 anniversary of
the birth of Lafayette, which will be
held at City Hall Septermber 6. The
celebration will be under auspices of the
Lafayette Citizens’ Committee, whose
membership includes the Rew. William zs
Manning,’ Henry W. Carmon,
Barr McCutcheon, Morgan J. O'Brien
and Charles Séribner.

The national committee expects that
Lafayette Day will be widely celebrated
hrougbout the United States. Ceremo-
nies are being planned in San Francisco,
Newark, Syracuse, Louisville, Yonkers,
Passaic and other cities.

 

MARINE INTELLIGENCE.

MINIATURE ALMANAC.

United States Seam Geodetic Surrey
Sta ard ee ni 4
Bun rises..... 6:08 AM Sun sets...... 7:51 PM}
Moon rises PM

 

HIGH WATER THIS DAY.

ARRIVALS—SUNDAY, AUGUST 17.
Ss France, Havre, A %.
ss Galsption Mews, Lees
Pp Finisterre, Brest, A
Ss President A he

A
8s peatersees, Barcelona, ai
gs Sena Lake eet ian, St. —_—. Aug. 1
on, ;

Tacony,
Sy hurma, Cardi ,
Ss Frankburn, Cardif. Aus. 3
Se Tiverton, Antwerp, A

 

ARRIVED FROM NEW YORK.
8s Casco, at Gibraltar.
Ss Walden, at Baltimore.
Ss Lake Freeland, at Tampa.

 

SAILED FOR ar YORK.
Ss Mae, from Charilest
Ss Strathnaver, from Sevenneh.

 

OUTGOING STBAMSHIPS.

  

 

 

 

= CLOTHING FOR FALL

7 : ‘act a cleaie AND KILLS FATHER

N ppits of the agitation for « ||Maryland Posse Hunts Slayer

lower f th st of livirg ictim’: ire.
[resin ftw coe of cg || Who Sete Victim's Body Afire

oods from raw material to finished j
Stein Says Wage Increases | uct points to highér prices, ac-
° cording to the National Association |
Have Eaten Up Profits—

of Hosiery and Underwear Manufac-
1920 Prices Higher.

_ Battimore, Aug. 17.—George Peters,
55, a farmer, of Arundel, Prince George's
county, was murdered and his body set.
|afire to-day by an unidentified negro.
| Catherine Peters, his daughter, was shot
through the breast and arm and taken
to a Washington hospital. A posse was
| formed at Bowle and is searching for the
| assailant.

Hudson River
iby Daylight

tuers. Some interests look for a slight
decline in silk, merceriged yarn anc
fine counts of soft yarn, but this |
would be fully offset, it is said, by

increasing labor costs.

Clothing manufacturers not only are; The association points out taat

producing goods for fall and winter, fot || white labor contrels the situation now || The crew of a Fentieyivania train DAILY, INCLUDING UNDAY
which orders were taken in April and] so far as the high cost of knitwear |'bound from Baltimore to Washington “Washington Irv yee Mey ee

May, at such an increased cost that it'

is concerned, the outlook is for less
work, “so that the situation seems

\left the train at Arundel station at the
appeal of the wounded woman, who had

Direct Rail Connections, All through rat)
tickets between New York and Albany ac

will make it impossible for them to

Itkely to be aggravated in that there
get any profit, but in most cases they

will be less product.”

\run from her home. They beat out the

ceptod. Muse, Restaurant.
|flames and carried the farmer's body

1 heal one-day _ outings.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

conversion costs will not be felt until
the spring season of 1920."

At the instance of the National Asso-
clation of Rétail Clothiers Mr. Stein has

1920, because the full influence of. j1i>
creased prices for raw ‘materials and

issued a statement in respect to the
clothing situation as follows:

“During the period of the war the
mills were largély engaged in the pro-
duction of fabrics for the Government.
In consequence of this the production
of ready made clothing was greatly cur-
tailed. With the coming of the armis-
tice and the return of the troops, an un-
precedented demand developed for ready
made clothing and stocks were rapidly
depleted in the hands of retailers and
an insistent demand came to the man-
ufacturers for merchandise.

“The mills on the other hand could
an begin to manufacture fabrics until

supply of raw wool was available,
and the Government had all of the wool
of the country and had determined upon
the policy of very gradual release
through a series of auction sales which
continued up to the month of June. This

‘ situation resulted in the mills turn-
Close ‘s ing out only a small fraction of the
Wheaton, Ham nose Oe 130P™M{normal output for the six months o
Pri wn. 1130 A M 330 P M/ this year.
Sstactiecs oo % “The Government temporarily with-
drew ite wool from the market June 1
AM 200PM in order to permit the marketing of the
AM 11004 mM] Present American clip, which is now
AM 3$0AM|] reaching the mills. The production,
AM ue 3 2 therefore, of fabrics in the a See
Sak eS of this year wag so small as to neglii-
Gee iSirse Mast SAM Db ePM gible in comparison with the requiré-
Wednesday. ments.
Frang@, Havre.............. SHAM 129M “The foreign demand too for woollens
Catacas, San Juan.. 8AM 1200 M and clothing has been very great, as
woe hee Segeee + TOAM ao = many of the European countries are
ia Seon Reece absolutely bare of supplies.
roa, fa pliant rH o * “This situation has very naturally
Eastern Light, Marre. 12 00 M created a’ steadly advancing market
Concho, Galveston.......... 100P Mjand woollens have advanced approx-
‘ imately from 56 per cent. to 60 per cent.
INCOMING STEAMSHIPS. since the early months of this year.

Due an ogy “On top of this has come an abnormal
ee Brasileira, Cadiz, advance in the cost of labor all along
Se Dennistoun, Cibratves: i « the line, both in the making of the cloth,
me santa ware ae linings and other materials that go into
Se Kenilworth, La Paitice. July m7. the garments and in the manufacture of
I~ ——, Shields. the clothing. This has = pees
plished by a shortening of hours and a
Se Br ath Fate chain, ” saly 30. curtailment of preduction. These iabor
Be Bris outh. July 31. advances in the tailoring branch have
reinger, * London, July 31. been as much in pércentage as the ad-
ie Sirathtorne Sully Aue 1. vance in the cost of the materials—now
, oT. By July 30 totalling approximately 150 per cent’

Se Lake Flovitia, Dartmouth, Aug. 1. over pre-war wages.
ae Lake Trsncems. St. Nazaire, Aug. 1. “The clothing manufacturers of the
Se Carrillo. ¢ asst gas: country began about April 15 to sell

i, Aug. 2
Se us, Rot erdam, Aug.
$e Reelin Portland, Aug. 3
Se Cheyenne, Avonmouth. Aug. 3. .
Se Warkworth, Seiaite, Aug. 2
Ss Kermon, Copenhagen, Aug. 1.
Sa Canopic, St. Michsels, Aus. 6
Ss Alenthus. Fowey, Aug. 3.
8s Nyland. Gothen’ Aug.
nburg, Bordeaux, aus. 0
Ss Agamemnon, Brest, Aug. 10.
= Ossining, Menno f Aug. 9
iverpool, Aug. 9.
Due To-morrow.
zs Parismina, Cristobal, Ave, 8.
Se Caoba, Cristobal. Aug.
- Calabria, Gibraltar, ae, 6.
Hamburg, Aug. 6.
Onde, Mewhore Aug. 6.

j

Ss Caronia, L’

Ss Conde,

Ss Braddock, Bordeaux, Aug.

Ns Maumee, Brest. Aug. 5.

Ss Vestris, Livernool. Aug. 4.

Se K. der Nederlanden, Brest, Aus 9%
Due Wednesday.

Ss Touraine, Havre. Aug. 11.

Ss Matsonia, Brest, Aug. 11.

Ss Houma, Brest, Aug. 9.

So Renedict, Para, Ame 8.

Se Kasama, Hull, Aug. 6.

Ss Aguila, ‘Liverpool, Aug. 6.

artmouth,

Ss Lake Fraley, D: Aug. 6.

 

TRANSATLANTIC MAILS. |
Tuessay

Gibralter (Italy must be specially addressed

for despatch by thia real watt via Gib

raltar Naples; also mails

for er vans Italy, -. Sen Giorgio,

* Portugal

only). “iS
ree) ey
endi,

ain ciall,
rd Beata (spe 2 y. addressed
at gratia for Portugal’ ts. Unbe

Wednesday.
France, Belgium, Rumania, Bulgaria,
Luxemburg, zecho-Slovakia, Jugo-Slavia.
German Austria, Poland, Switzerland. Italy.
Spain, Greece, Portugal. Egypt, British India.
British Bast Africa, Malta. Ceylon, Straits
Settlements and Persia, via Havre; also narcei
pork mails for ErEpeE, Algeria and Tunis.
t also parcel

France, §:3) A

Portugal. via Lisbon; ost
mails for Portugal. Ss. Matanzas, ASD

Germany (parcel post malls. and, specially

correspondence), via am

8s. Wheaton, 9 0 A A.M, 7

South Africa, via Cape Town; also parcel

maile for Union of South Africa, 8s.

Spartan Prince, 11:30 A. M.

Thursday.
Gibraltar (Italy must ve specially
for despatch by this steamship),
raltar and Naples; also
qibraltar a Italy, bed Duca d'Aosta,

Norway, Sweden. Denmark. German
Lithuania and Latvia. ria Christiansand and
Copenhagen: also parcel peec mails for Nor-
Rweden yet Denmark, 8s. Frederik

vi I, 2:30
Saturday. i

Europe, Africa and west Asia. via Ply-
mouth, Bologne ‘and Rotterdam; also Darcel
at mails for Greek Britain, Ireland,

tish India Netherlands, §&s.
Ampterdam. nN.
Europe, ‘Aries and west Asia, via Tavern.
1 (mail must be spetial!
eepatch by this steamship),

addressed
via Gib-
post mails

Maas

Ss. Caronie,

 

er ores parle.

 

M88 GR ees FRR G0 Pee eds E985 FEvk PAGE dieser FER SEE

 

 

    

‘tories in three or four different localities , ‘

their production for the coming fall and
the ist of June the bulk of the
clothing that will be sold at retall next
fall was under order by the retailers.
“So far as the National Association of
Clothiers is concerned, it has voluntarily
invited Attorney-General Palmer to in-
vestigate the conditions underlying the
production, distribution and prevailing
prices of ready made clothing for men
and boys, and it wants nothing more
than an opportunity to acquaint the
public generally with the facts as out-
lined to you above.”

scampeaeeapiigsiniaianianatepnanmigueatiatansii teh ssentigtetneptasnttddaeandets santana einen atnnatianicpisattitilionasantaigsian

Foreign Fur Buyers Coming.

The fact that representatives of Eu-
ropean dealers are expected to operate
on an extensive scale at the big fur auc-!
tions to be held in New York and Bt./
Louis this fall is causing considerable |
apprehension in the market here, as it is}
believed that the activities of the for-
eign buyers will be a factor in forcing
prices higher.

Reports reaching here indicate that
furs are scarce and in demand in the
foreign markets, while it is said that
stocks here never have been as low as
they are now.

 

Moatgomery Heads Hatters.

Fletcher H. Méntgomery, president of
the Knox Hat Company, has been elected
president of the National Association of
Fur and Wool Hat Manufacturers. Other
officers elected at a recent meéting are:

John Cavanagh of the Crofut-Knapp
Hat Company, first vice-president; H. E.
McLachlan of H. E. McLachlan & Co.,
second vice-president; William Campbell |
of the Waring Hat Company, treasurer,
and W. A. Wynkoop of G. W A. lexander
& Co., secretary.

 

Sweater Labor Shortage.

Efforts
sweater industry
the problem in respect to the shortage of |

'
in |
labor in the trade have resulted in a

manufacturers
in this city to solve

of

cision by many to establish auxiliary
plants in cities and towns continguous
to New York.

The scheme being pursued by these
manufacturers is to establish smal! fac-}

and through the combined efforts of the,

 

Same—N.
March 6, 190

Lesser, Pincus—J M -
.schreiber, June 30, 1917

Nestor Holding Co. and Jacob

Jos. C. or Charlene Salle,

*Co.—B, Berdine........++6+++-

SATISFIED JUDGMENTS.
MANHATTAN.

The following satisfied judgments were

filed August 16, the first name is that of

the debtor, the second that of the creditor, Carmania .

and date when judgment was filed:

  

Kulla, es Packing
Co., Nov. 19, 1909.........++555 $189.93
K. Fairbanks Co

Decccedteessess.se 121.71
1,398.56 |
Manheim—Raisler aoe Co., ae
November 30, 1918. ‘ 247.72
Young, George w. “Neary,
1918. oss scsesees

 

121.95
Biau ‘
June 16, 910

Kulla, Jacob, and Adolph L.
Leiman,
(vacated)
Fargo, James F.,
American Ex
shells, July 11,

as treas.
ress Co.—E. Et-
1913 (reversed).

 

NEW BATH HOUSE TO OPEN.

Third State , Institution Finest of | Caronia

Ite Kind in the Country.

. Special Deapatch to Tut Sux.
ALBANY, Aus. 17.—The new Washing-
ton Bath House on the State Reserva-
tion at Saratoga Springs will be opened |
to-morrow, according to announcement

sion. For the time being only

the congestion that has existed in the
two other State bath houses.

With the opening of the new building
New York State has the finest bath
house in the country for mineral water
treatments

 

 

HELP WANTED-—FEMALE.

A CHANCE TO SEE
WASHINGTON, D. C.

ALL EXPENSES PAID.

The Bell Telephone Company in
that City is offering BOARD,
LODGING, LAUNDRY, TRANS-
PORTATION and LIBERAL
SALARY to girls who have had
telephone operating experience, if
not engaged in that occupation now.

For particulars write, giving age,
experience, present employment, if
any, and salary to

R. K. ALLERTON,

725 13th Street, N. W.,
Washington, D. C.

 

HELP WANTED—MALE,
eee
est and best scnool in she

Auto Sen
Ww. Sibe ‘or booklet and pass
Ya. Cc. A. to school. elepnone Columbus

315 W.57th St. 7920. § jal classes for ladies |

LEARN TO BE A CHAUFFEUR—Pieas-
ent, profitabie work; day and evening
classes. Send for free booklet and pass
WEST SIDE Y. M. C. A., 315 West 57th St.

MALE NURSES

 

ATTENDANTS AND NURSES
are wanted in a large hospital in caring
for patients suffering with Mental and
Nervous Diseases. A large number of soi-
diers and sailors are being treated. Pleas-
ant RUreeunGlnee, good wages, nurses
home. Write for pars ulars, D METZ

MILLER, State Ho ent t Norristow Pa

~~ SITUATIONS WANTED—MALE.

—~_

CHAUFFEUR, 22,
tion; 5 years experience; reference.
Bun office.

 

 

married, wishes posi-
M., 60

~~ ENCLAIMED BANK ACCOUNTS,
LIST containing full names of depositors of
additional dormant accounts not Prey OMY
raroried and their last known places of resi-
dence. published by THE EAST RIVER
SAVINGS INSTITUTION, No. 291-3-5 Broad~
™ . New York.City, pursuant to the provi
of Section 274 of the Banking Law
Name of Depositor and last known place of
residence
Richard J. Lewis, 68 William Street, New York

city.
ary E. Gugel, Orkhurst, XN. J.
Mary E. Austice. Oyster Bay, L. T

Leopold 8. Weiner, 269 Canal Street, New
York City

William 8. Baylis, 1/71 Dean Street, Brook
lyn, N

James G. Timolat, 465 West Broadway, New
York Cit

William H or Henry L. Hopper. 516 2nd Ave.,
Long Island City.

Tads T. or Emma Walter, Far Rockaway,

Frederick Remme, 353 Broome Street, New
York City

Francis P Nan Pelt, Stapleton, Staten Island

Alexander! McCarthy, 4 Cornelia Street, New
York City.

Maggie A. McNamara, 572 Broome Street, New
York City

Irving Council, No. 602, R. A
James & or Sadie Anderson, 708 6th Street
New York City

Charles-A. Roth, Mount Vernon, N
134 Chauncey Street
Brooklyn, N,

workers secure a fair standard of pro-' | Withelmina A. gy sbeenbols. 132 West 23rd
duction, Manufacturers point out that} gireet, N.Y tte. * f S
while an acute labor shortage exists; "S*", MeAiniffe, 189 Second Avenue ¥

here, the same condition is not generally | Otto Pulich, 19 West 68th Street, N. Y. ©
true in the smaller surrounding towns. Lida L. Traitel, 58 West 95th Street. N. YC
Frang x Batherine Merauardt., ISlst Street

. an ontaine ve a.

Wool in England for Export. | joseph L. Frame, 9 Franklin Street, N. ¥.C
Peter F. Kane, 126 East 70th Street. N.Y. C

According to information received here
from London by cable, unlimited quan-
tities of wool in 46s and below, and car-|
bonizing ,merinos, may be purchased in!
England for export, subject to obtaining |
licenses. |

 

 

       

 

 

Angelo Negri. 108 West 12th Street, x. ¥,C

W. Carl Jackson, Booneville

LEGAL NOTICEs,

 

AGREEMENT en-
tered into on the 28th day of February.

PURSUANT TO AN

 

to-night by the Conservation Commis-!Pannonia ...

NEW YORK to LIVERPOOL
| Vaubam ..........0.05.+- Aug, 21
CAPONE os caps cc cies dee OO

WOR a bt eee eeeees wee tS
<he' da.bule 6a CS
OPGMBD, 65.6 052 Feb 48s VE 18
Carmania see ov nes Lveee
NEW YORK to CHERBOURG and
SOUTHAMPTON
Mauretania ..........
Mauretania ........:.....Oct.13
Mauretania .... «.....Nov. 8

NEW YORK to PLYMOUTH, HAVRE
and SOUTHAMPTON

2,170.06 | Royal George............Aug. 30

Royal George..:..........Oct? 4

15,118.91|Royal George.... -Nov. 1

NEW YORK to PLYMOUTH & CHER BOURG
MOVOUE 65s ocve thes 5'c cos ye OO

DAPOMIN s 6.a50+.6 100d one Oene Oe
40% ....Oct. 29

NEW YORK te ‘PLYMOUTH, HAVRE

and LONDON
|Saxonia Cboeroescocseere sug. 20
|Saxomia .. 10... .000. . Oct. &
Pane. 4 le) backs Ue Nov. 6
NEW YORK to PIRAEUS

. Aug. 28

the |
north wing will be operated, but the) Co)

capacity of this part of the bath alaes | umbia
is large enough to materially reduce |

|

NEW YORK to GLASGOW
$258 6:60 60 602 sOOpte
BOSTON | to GLASGOW
BAPHR 5 60 si 585.0 Sa 4s CODES
Scindia ..... . Sept. 27
91-24 STATE STREET. NEW YORE

INTERNATIONAL
MERCANTILE MARINE
LINES

AMERICAN

PHILADELPHIA—LIVERPOOL
Haverford cocces Sept. 25

WHITE STAR

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

. Sept. 17 | Schedule

 

 

will deliver the goods at an absolute! Some of the full fashioned hosiery |!to his house. The daughter collapsed ay nag = << ——SThrowgh ts "k'psle jt
loss, according to Ludwig Stein, presi- || mills will be from four to six weeks and was put on the train. fee te. see
dent of the National Association of;| late in fall deliveries, particular’y || Peters and his daughter have been! Pesbrosses St...! a “40 | 10:00 .|| Mt
Clothiers. those milis operating only five days jiu in bed. Other members of the family, | West 42d St..... 9:00 &| 10°20 5 2:00 5
Since July ‘the heaviest advance in a week. Several of these have no {including the wife and another daugh- | Youmazet St. 920 0 10:40.) 2204
labor costs has come to the manufac- idea of naming spring Prices before |ter, were at church at Bowle. | Bear bebe v aes es Pe fic ef ace
turers, Mr. Stein points out. These ad-}} November. | est Sistas sil: $
vances could jn no way be foreseen and foettwall | 12405 /| 525 8
Were made rétectctive fo June 1, prac: rile SUA; vis ca pies 38 eeoee 332.80 } Poughke @) #2:50 «|| 640 3
tieally covering the entire fall product roe Frank Si, univ Ke¥Guse 202.31 cs 3 Apel 5 || 730 3
“As a matter of fact,” says Mr. Stein, | _ The first name is that of the debtor: | Ahoe 0 \ 9:15
“ Foran Foundry & Mfg. Cco.— = y.. 1145
the pricés of ready made clothing for WON AE Bla ee chee eristace 13 $1,417.77 | 7R Gay from Daan
SUA M this fall are bound to be very much / wdoff, Max—J. Katt............+ 33.97 z wares t Hep tne at steamer will not ‘0p
lower than they will be for the year . Frank, and Frank Zebro & | Passenger and Freight Services at Bear Mt. Saturdays anu Sundays in Augus:.

Telephone: Canal 9309.

Day” ‘ine

itindies ce. Pier. eo new _York,

* Iron Steamboat Co

CONEY {SLAND

Subject to Change Without Nati:
af 7 129 St., 9:30, 10; 0, fT. 40, ert My ‘:
5, 7 oP.M Pier 1; N.R., 10

45, 3 4445, 5:45,

 

  
   

4,
16,

   
  

8:20, oi P.M. Cone at
4:45, 5:45, 6:30, 7 9:25, 10:30 P.M
ROCKAWAY BEACH

Ly. W, 129 St.,

9:30 A.M. Plerl 1
A.M. Rockaway 5:30 P.M. Tel. Whitenaint 1279
SPECIAL. DURING STRIKE on the

Subway and Elevated Lines
Boats will be operated between W )

e Pier 1 every Aaa | hour beginning

HUDSON RIVER Ey [is

NEW YORK -ALBANY - TROY

4.)

 

 

    

Dally sailings from Pier 32, N. BR {oct
Canal St. People’s Line daily 6 P N.
Night Express Line, weekdays 7 P. M.
Sundays and holidays 9 P M., Weét i32nd4
Bt. (all steamers) halt hour later. Dus

Albany 6 o’clock following morning Direct
rail connections at Albany \to all pointe
North, east and west. Phone Canal 2000
Express Freight Service. Autos Carried

HUDSON DN NAVIGATION COMPANY

"_ “THE PUBLIC BE PLEASED.”

COLONIAL LINE

BOSTON cea $4.40

 

& RAIL
PROVIDENCE DIRECT BOAT $2.97

All Outside Staterooms, $1.08 to $3.24,
Above Prices Include War Tax.
Boat leaves Pier ah, North River, Daily
and Sunday, at 5:30 M
Phone «Phone Spring 9401, 9491,

"WEEKDAY and SU: and SUNDAY T TRIPS te

BEAR AMOUNTAIR

4 4 s
N. ¥.—CHERBOURG—SOUTHAMPTON | cir «rand Regublig” Lv" Batre.
Iapland .................Aug. 26 epub W132 8t.. 9:30 A.M
apn coe sess ne te a TENE aa RERRESIDIE TS
Lapland .................Oct. 4| ROURG ETB s00sundaye and Holidars
c bbc. ( ec Va Tax
NEW ree Bear Tiountain. Line. Tel Miaitre Gries 7338
MGI Ss ais.5 wedi ha es ole aw AREAL AY
COGS 5 68 ica ces 5 - Seps 6
ROPUIOS sor oe cc sts oo She acs Sept. 13
ies ciate s. aree
NEW YORK—AZORES— GIBRALTAR - arcane, Permitting) DOWN THE BAY
NAPLES—G 7 Fach
Canopic toc eecessrccere. Aug. 28 ig Allantio Highlands, Fare 40¢ a a
Rpeie escheat verre. Sept. 20/8204. 36. 1:30.8 Pai. IA Aes, ous? Mt
Offices, 9 Broadway — > New York) vicnes, Broad isc 1 5, Music, —

|

.

SCANDINAVIAN AMRRICAN ee
Denmark, Norway,
Passenger Office. 1 Keohewas. N. Y.
X. to GOTHENBURG, SWEDEN,

@rect
Swkpisn AMERICAN LINE, 24 State st
ae ee enact eer ener eee
entreal—Liverpool and Vancouver—Ortent,

 

 

bane Pacific Ocean Services, Ltd.. 1231 B'way.
INSTEUCTION,
Te

 

SWIMMING,

 

       
       
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
     
 
   

  

Courses in Plain and
Fancy Swimming
and Diving. 3 Tiled
Pools, Open Daily
LIS e from 9 A. M. to 9

- Pr. M. Call or write
for Booklet C,

‘DALTON

308 West 59 St.- 19 West 44 St.

Monmouth Beach Inn, Monmouth, N. J.
Sinelinimenioenea <-l

 
 

  
  
 

 

 

 

BOTH

|
|
I COMMERCIAL ||
!
|
|

 

 

CKARD
‘ SCHOOL

PACKARD means THOROUGH
in everything pertaining to Busi-
ness Education.

The Packard Reference is the
Packard Record—ouer 60 years of
faithful work.

Building specially constructed

     
   
       
     
       
   
     
   
             
    

 

413

Worcester, $4.13;Providence direct, $2.70
STATEROOMS, $1.08, $1.62 and $2.16,

Daily, including Sunday, 5:20 P.
From Pler 1% E.R. Phone 2700 Be
Tickets at Pier or Consolédated tic et C

METROPOLITAN LINE
To BOSTON An the way by water,

VIA CAPE “CoD CANAL”

Daylight through the Canal both ways
ve Pier 18, Foot of Murray St., Dally
(Rundays included) at 6:00 P. M. Fare $5 s

Tickets and information at ft. be

Barclay 6900, 5000. meer "

Sisht Seen EEING WACHTS
“Tourist” ® Halcyon” Around N.Y,
. Battery Pler Dally,10:20, 2:30. Tel.Broad

To Sandy Hook & Ocean. 1:30

Newburgh, rregnseepeie, Kingston
Franklin 8t., ¥. 129th Sr., 4:30
Connects same Be af dl burgh for New

Ret. abe rut

York. Direct CEanectians: for all points ia
the One: Tel. Franklin

 

4
CENTRAL HUDSON LINF.

FALL RIVER LINE

te Boston, Strs. Ly. Pier 14, N. R.,

—_

 

“SUMMER RESORTS. —

 

NEW YORK—Staten Isian},

| ae \
MIDLAND BEACH
STATEN ISLAND
Refined Amusement Amid Refired
Surroundings
Reached via Staten Island Ferry, foot of
Whitehall St., terminus of subway, +\®
vated roads and surface lines, 20 min-
utes invigorating sail through the lower
bay and a short trolley ride through (he
most picturesque part of Staten |sland

Cleanest and safest bathing on
the Atlantic Coast.

“NEW JERSEY—Atiaaowio Crs

MMartboroughsienheim

THE LEADING RESORT HOUSE OF THE WOKLD

ATLANTIC cittyv. N. d
“THE NATION'S HEALTH SHOP"

 

HEALTH 18 EFFICIENCY
A Germicide Climate and C n Streets
+ NoDust, No Dirt, Innum c
Recreations and Indoor Er
Ownership Management Josiah White & Sons

  
  

 

tertain
Co.

    

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

8
mails close at G. P. O. and City 1918, by and between JOHN WANA.,| for school purposes with ever i. at peeeenieaaeene = =
eae at 8 P. oe it. |MAKER, NEW YORK. and JOSEPHINE ts P y req | rv
Coren, Ching. iberte, Siam, - RK WEBER, I will sell'on the 2nd day of | uisite for the safety, health and E_ ATLANTIC
{| September at ten o'clock in the for
ne Gotha et Wie San Francisco), Au- Business Troubles. {| noon, In the Plano Department of John | comfort of the student. | WORLDS GREATEST HOTEL SUCCESS
gust Ecuador. Wanamaker ew York, 764 Broadwa in , .
Japan, Copes, China, Siberia, Siam, Cochta the City, County and State of N i | >
Chink; [NetHerlands Fast Indice and. Pailip- JUDGMENTS. Jone Bunereen Anaciue Grand Pieuoremilf Day School opens Sept. 2. [| NEW JERSEY—Asvury Park.
pre ppg Yay 4 -¥ and Victoria, MANHATTAN. Stool, No, 94709, as provided by Sections | Le : | NEW MONTEREY HOTE!
Sie ogee aes to gg ea The following jadgmenta were flea] S® 8h4 86 of the Personal Property Law. | xington Ave. and 35th Street || pirectiy on the Cceam Ac J
Hawall, Japan, Corea, China, Siberia, Siam, | Avgust 16; the first name is that of the DANIEL GREENWAILD. Auctioneer. | Sherman Dennis, M
. my * Caine oma Netherlands Bast’ Indien | Gebter: is aa into on TO AN AGREEMENT “en- |—— ee | ee ENGLAND
neleco), x ez ° Sie nto on e rd day o Vv ber | ”
‘ria an ), August 22, Ss. Tenye Begeav, Albert Howard R. Ware oisiaa a and between JOHN VANA:  Bookeeping Shorthand, Secretarial, ,
Tahiti, Marquesas, Islands, New ‘eu-| Chichester WarreneH E Stew. | MAN N at 5 and MRS. GEORGE ewriti v =
lenk eran om idents, Now fon Chichester, Warren-“H. E. Stew ta¢.99 | GROSS, T will sell on the tnd day of aon yp ting, ay Service & Pen- | THE IDEAL TOUR
tala “(via "Ben Francloco), August 31, “Bt | pets weve & Gon Bseaics:: HE As | teen te Bale” oeeeeate, “Be Gace: | per peet ast ak | 1,000 mittee thretgh Nos
noon n ano epartment of John Peni ; Wonderlan Route Bo
rigt Islands, New Zealand and Australia (via Bitee bn tee ae, Wrulliame ‘ aie 41! Wanamaker, New York, 764 Broadway, in} Day and Hreging Seesiens. pitcation, 1180 Broad vay, }
Vancouver and Victoria, B. ©.), September 1, Greenberg, Harrie—T. Burnstein. 136. $31 the City, County and’ State of New York. | ogue, ; Tilton, Waterbur es
Se. Makure. John Koliin Co., Inc.—Edwards | ong spuapese ay tion aannne.e 1sSTOOP, | a8! e ‘4 Spend a ne t ae
Be Crlad O&, ARG: occ os css cece aes.ed | BP NiPae be factions 66 and 6¢ of the Per- . aa conn anaria |
1 . 5. sonal Property La = | New England | Shore Resorts
226.45! ANIEL GREENWALD Auctioneer j NEW MAMPSILIKE.
‘giles PROPOSALS. | 123d St. & Lenox ive. }
990 BE en hee a et enina ce Lk Hotel Meweatle-by the St
Tr | OFFICE OF THE COMMISSIONERS OF | TUK BOXs AND YOUNG MES, Wegewerth mouth.N.H. Wi
13:30—2008 84 ay.; McKilder Ricti.Trifing | Lorraine Contracting Co, and 8 **| THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, Washing- . MISCELLANEOUS
1:36--824 E. ‘iat ei oseph | \ "Morris Tolsky-—-L. Tirause " 188.00 | prec POBALE wilt be Se ited cee —_ POINT, MILITARY are manny,
BOOP ocisesegrivarvress Trifling Motor Fue! Saver Cor ration—A, mm | PROPOSALS will be received at this of- rents Br ok, 3 catholic Bosrding @ RAYMOND-\HITCOME
440-28 BWiitiam’ pi. 24.5. Mayne | Wynchouse’s wr Nee eee eee ee ae ieee ee oe eee ee ee neers) oe TROUBLELESS TRAVEL De LUNE
ytime
1eBd cs cvnck Trifiing Petratia, Guiseppe-—F. Praino. 159.36) grease recovered from garbage, collected : 223 Fitth Ave. N Taek
8: Ab—$h "D. 108th st.; Charles Ber- Ssrhune, ‘Malcotm A. (The Malcolm | by the Commissioners, D. C.. from lan FOR SALA. i 2 ifth Ave.. Nev _——
aK SEATED A O45 auch aioe Trifiing | itrauss Syndicate)—W. K. Pal- * Eee
} tember 1, 1919, to and in ludin N COO en | = . ns
MM etd! eb ! BEE ee ceca 1,019.66] $e 1819." Blank forma of Propneais’ Sent U. 8. ARMY Goops. LOST, FOUND AND KEWAK!
: — . yelent ne oe. The ; Simplex fiton te, Syeem Co., “Ine, | gations, together with necessary informa- Hip Rubber Boots, new, $3.85 pair | -
2:30—3 ye fey ‘ striding, ROD EB N88 ones oss: 121.61! tem. may be obtained from the Ghier c Clerk | Leather Jerking, sleeveless coats, $4.25 ea,!', LOST at Rector's or on s
7% ” roe L, Smith, Geo P., “s ‘pol’ C. Suger- of the Bnxinerr Devartment. co." 427 17x30 Tarpaulins, $30 and $35 each August 14th, a bracelet set \ :
shee -+ ss. Trifling Senet feual’ Bank uit rom: Distriet Building. OuLs BROWNLOW. pare! 19 causougney 8 Brooklyn Sapphires with connecting s “A
1Ab—SIF E. i6im ety “Agel Rasik ‘. emanate NOT 142.88) w. GWYNN GARDINER GW" KOTS: | “DLAMORDS ough. x SE eee oe ee ere TK. E.
" overs eee irre rr ee , ‘us| TR, AE Commissionera, D, ° no questions aske ress kK
‘ : ; ’ ; oe | tatoo house, tie oy (Upetain. ; Box $31, City Mall Btation, New Xork Civ

d