VOL, LXXIX.—NO. 43.

————$—————

WOMEN CARD SHARPS BARRED |?"7"

 

PRIEST SAYS THEY HAVE BEEN
VICTIMIZING CHURCHES.

 

Systematic Cheating at Progressive

Euachres for the Valuable Prizes—A
Y Street Car Conversation Through
Which Their Game Recame Known,

The Rev. F. H. Lideke, pastor of the
Roman Catholic Church of St. Francis
of Assisi in Brooklyn, sent out a warning
veeterday to other pastors and to folka
interested in charity shows to look out
for women card sharps. Father Ludeke
and his assistants have discovered that
there are at least a dozen women, almost
clever enough to be in jail, who have been
politely ewindling church entertainments.

The priest made the discovery by acci-
dent and just in time to bar eleven tricky
women from the big progressive euchre

“
.

——————————_—__

 

| position?

The

 

 

+N

    

THE POOR MILLIONAIRE.

cugene Zimmerman, Back From Earope.

Finds No Place Here for the Rich.

CINCINNATH, Oct. 12.—Eugene Zimmer-
man, just back from a visit to his son-in-
law, the Duke of Manchester, apparently
had a grouch to-day. When seen by a
reporter at his club Mr. Zimmerman
said:

“Nobody loves a millionaire any more.
Once millionaires were the popular heroes
jof the nation, the brilliant examples set

fup for youth to follow, but now every-
body is throwing bricks or making laws
aimed at the rich,

“The millionaire, following the instinct
of self-protection, haa taken a seat or is
trying to take a seat very far back. Really
it’s awful. The millionaire daan't show
his head in governmental affairs any more,
for somebody is around ready to throw
something. All he can do these days
is vote

“Is a millionaire sent to the Senate?
Weil, right off somebody accuses him of
buying his seat. Is he given a Cabinet

Well, well, no President dare

party the Allied Societies of the Church | do such a thing if he values his political

of St. Francis of Assisi gave at the Forty-
reventh Regiment Armory on Wednesday
night. Father Ludeke, with Father
Dwyer and Father T. J. Kelleher, stood
grimly at the portals of the armory turn-
ing back young women who had expected
to make a good thing of the charity card
play.

On Wednesday morning Father Kelleher
was a passenger on a Nostrand avenue
car. He had a newspaper close to his
face and the two well dressed women who
sat next to him did not observe that he
was a clergyman. They gabbled gayly,
and at first Father Kelleher didn't pay
much attention their

to conversation,

life,

“A millionaire hat no chance any more.
Instead of sending tucceseful men of
affairs to Washington and to our State
Legislatures to make our lawa we are
sending men who couldn't run a peanut
Stand, political incompetents who can
get the votes. How can we expect men
who never were prosperous themeelves
to make laws that will make the country
prosperous? The corporations are being
hampered by too much legislation and
too much speechmaking.”

SUE PULLMAN ©O, FOR $5,000,

Travellers Allege That Conductor Gave
Their Stateroom to Bridal Couple.

Pittspera, Oct. 12.--Alfred Reed,

 

a

Presently he heard something that made | prominent business man of this city, and

him an unrepentant eavesdropper.

“Do you know, my dear,” said one of
the women, “Kitty and I are going to
the Forty-seventh Regiment Armory
to-night to carry away the prizes we take
a fancy to. Some of them are lov ly”

“What makes you so sure you will get
them?” asked her friend

“It's a sure thing. There will be a
dozen of us there and we have a system
that can't be beat. W simply piay in
with each other, that's all. Whenever
we can work in our own cards we do it,
and you may believe that our cards are
trained. They would comefif we whistled
to them.”

“Has the aystem worked all right’”
eaid her companion

“Beautifully, my dear. Perfectly
ecrumptious! I suppose that Kitty and
I have cleaned up forty big euchre enter-
tainments in the last year. The prizes
we got would make you open your eyes
coldand silver things wortha lot of money.
Many of them are really valuable and
can be sold for theatre money if we don't
care to keep them.”

Hy this time Father Kelleher had lost
all interestin church news or whatever it
washe hadstarted to peruse. Heglanced
cautiously now ’and then and studied
the appearance of the two women very
carefully. He made sure that he would
recognize them again if they turned
up anywhere near him. As soon as he
got off the car he hastened to Father
Ludeke and told him what he had over-
i Father Ludeke was not greatly
surprised. He had heard rumors that a
iand of women were playing dishonestiy
tthe big church entertainments and that
some of the women were members of good
families. He had heard too about marked
cards and stacking the deck and lip sig-
nalsand the other little tricks that go with
sure thing play.

“Well,” said the pastor of St. Francis's
Church, “we will just wait for these enter-
prising ladies to-night. If they get past
us we will deserve to be victimized.”

With Father Dwyer the two priests
stood at the main entrance and kept a
enarp eve on the people streaming in.
The annual euchre and reception of the
allied societies is a big affair and last
Right more than two thousand people
went to the armory.

bor half an hour the priests saw nothing
Then they observed a knot
wormen, all well dressed and of pros-
perous appearance, waiting on the side-
walk and whispering together. With
something of the detective'’s instinct
Father Ludeke never took his eyes of that
gr Presently two women detached
themselves from the group and strolled
toward the armory entrance in the wake of
tw. men and their wives, a family party
known to Father Ludeke. The women
from the sidewalk fell in behind easily,
as if to give the impression that they were
with Father's Ludeke’s acquaintances
ey started to pass through the door

hear

Bier

is,
of

ait

Ast
Father Ludeke said to them very quietly:
Frouse me. I fear that you have
mate a mistake.”
women looked at him just long
to realize that there was some-
tehind the quiet remark. Then
ithered up their skirts and flut-
wn the steps.
ips half an hour later two more
the sidewalk group tried the same
it again Father Ludeke detected
itagem and turned them back.
vas enough for one night. The
k party broke up and its members
caved. There was no crooked play
‘chre that night—no complaint
of sort
ere isnodoubt,” said'Father Ludeke
“lay, ‘that many charity entertain-
Lave been the prey of such women
turned away last night. I have
i to beheve that these women are
ved skilfully and that, there are

g

 

e

  

2

tered «|

vf

his wife to-day filed suit in the United
States Circuit Court against the Pullman
Company, asking $5,000 damages

EW YORK,

acd Sas

 

J
ee

oro

eee

Ta

.
eT

FRIDAY, OCTOBER 1
ONE GEORGE P, THOMAS LOST’

BUT THERE'S ANOTHER USING
MISSING MAN'S CHECK BOOK

     

CALIFORNIA WOMEN’ WIN.
Country District Majorities Overcome
San Francisco's Adverse Vote.
San Francisco, Oct. 12.—By overcom-
ing an adverse majority of 16,000 in this
jcity and Oakland the voters of the coun-
xi try districts have given a victory to the
cause of woman suffrage by a margin of

something more than 3,000,
With returns missing from 400 precincta,
suffrage has @ majority of about 1,500,

ich i win teadily as figures
Mrs. Charlotte Thomas, proprietor of aan en 7 =

the Florence Hotel in Eleventh street be- Nearly every agricultural county was
tween Market and Chestnut streets, | carried by the women, and although the
Philadelphia, reported to the Philadelphia | majorities were not large they rolled up
police the latter part of last week that her | total that wiped out the anti-auffrage
husband, George P. Thomas, was missing ane all pare of the country de-
and that $1,400 which had been left with apaiches of congratulation are pouring
her by a friend for safekeeping overnight {jn on the suffrage leaders here. New
was missing too. Mrs. Thomas said that} York and Chicago are well represented,
she and her husband had talked of sepa-fand even from London come words of
rating, but that nothing definite had heen | Pejoicing ’

done in that direction. All the proposed amendments carried

' ; and the recall got the banner majority

Last Monday the Girard Bank of Phila- of over 109,000, with the initiative second
delphia notified Mrs. Thomas that it had] jn favor
receiveda check for 8&8 signed George P. 54, wanes wahene
Thomas and made out to Dr. George J WOMEN OUT 0 REGISTER.
Gladman of 143 West Seventy-first street, |Cweinnati's Female Voters Urepire for
New York. Mr. Thomas's balance, the the November Election,
bank officers told his wife, was only $2.10,/  CINCINNATE Oct. 12. Cincinnati women
so they had not paid the check; but they |*ufragiets sot aside to-day the second

‘ d th h htt bi “registration day at a special day for
suggested that she might be able to trace getting women to the polls so they can
her husband by it.

vote at the November election
Mrs. Thomas got Dr. Giadman on the A house to howse canvass was made by
telephone and learned that the physician | leaders in the “votes for women” miove-
had an appointment with Thomas at 5} ment, among them Dr. Sarah Blewere,
o'clock that afternoon. Mrs. Thomas had \® prominent phyrician and leading elub-
. 2 - woman
the Philadelphia police telephone the police |

Walnut Hill was canvassed and acores
in New York and then came on herself | of women were urged to exercise their

and went with Detective Bresnan of the | right to vote for members of the Board of
West Sixty-eighth street atation to the | Education

office where Gladman practises “Fe. | Mra mCHAy nO wee ae among the
licity Obesity Reduction.” Thomas did | Crtiest to register, and she joined the
not appear and has not been seen since | Workers in getuing other women to the
by the physician. voting places

 

 

 

And There's a Third Whom People Ve
With Inquiries Ahout No. 2's Financial
Transactions, Which Appear to Have
Become Expensive to Medicine Men.

 

 

 

 

3, 1911.—Copyrignt, 1011, by the Sun Printing and Publishing Association.

-| CHINESE

REBELS TAKE TOWNS

HANKOW, WUCHANG AND HAN+
YANG ALL CAPTURED.

 

No Harm to Foreigners Intended or Done
—Pekin and Hankow Ratiway Torn

| Up for 20 Miles—-Plan to Capture
| Whole Empire, Starting With Hu-peh.

Special Cable Despatches to TAR SUN.

Hanxkow, Oct. 12.—The revolutioniats
have occupied this city without opposi-
tion. Random shelling is going on be-
tween the revolutionary forta of Wuchang
and the loyal war vessels that are lying
in the river
| All foreigners residents of Hankow,
| Wuchang and Hanyang are now landing
in the concessions here. They report
lthat they received every attention and

| consideration at the hands of the revo-

| Intionaries.
| itis reported that Chan Sha. the capital
| of Runan, is in the handa of the mob and
that the yamens of the Viceroy and the
| Tatar General of the. provines have
| been destroyed.

The Pekin and Hankow Railway has
! been torn up fora distance of twenty miles
land all bridges have been destroyed.
The situation is most critical and serious.
| Loxpon, Oct. 12) An agency despatch
from Pekin says that the revolution at
| Hankow is a part of a concerted move-
ment to capture the Chinese Empire, to
make Sumyatson and his
brother Sunya President of the Provisional

President

Assembly
roy of Hu-peh, and the whole Assembly
| of Hu-peh is to secede from the Imperial
' Government.
There was a brief exchange of shots

Tang Hualung is to be Vice-

   
 
  
 

Farpar, OCTOBER 18, 1011.
oMay and to-morrow; not much change
emp&rature; moderate northerly winds.

 

TWO CENTS.

PRICE

 

 

EXCITED ABOUT OUR FLAG.
A Club tn Ottawa Doing Its Best to Kee

!
|HUNT FOR GIRL'S ASSAILANT
Emblem Gut of Moving Pictures. 6
OrTawa, Oct. 12.—The anti-American| AGNES WAUGH CAN TELL BUT
flag craze reached its height here to-day | LITTLE AS YET.
asa result of agitation by the Over-Seas

Club, which five days after the election | potice Search Seems to Have Vicided Not
held @ meeting and demanded that the) — stuch in the Way of Cines—Crime

| : |
numerous moving picture shows stop ,
exhibiting pictures containing the Ameri: | Was Swiftly Done When Policemen
and Others Must Have Been Near,

can flag. The pictures complained of |
were supposed to represent battle scenes |
from the civil and Spanish-American
wars,

The newspapers took it up and finally
the show managers got some English
films, but they cost more and were not
as good as theothers anyway. The mov-
ing picture men to-day told the Over«Seas
Club that they had placed orders with the

 

 

 

 

The nearest the police came yester-
day to catching the man who choked
and almost murdered nineteen-year-
old Agnes Waugh on Wednesday eve-
ning within 200 feet of her Bay Ridge
home, a rod or two from a busy car line
and three blocks from a police station
American moving picture people to sub-| W48 the arrest of an ex-soldier from Fort
stitute the Union Jack for the Stars and | Hamilton on a charge of stealing a com-
Stripes in all pictures in the future, but} rade's moleskin Tho ex-sol-
they were not sure that the Yankee con- | dier, Benjamin Putnam, was not accused
cerns would do it, especially in civil and) of heing Miss Waugh's assailant, There
Spanish-American war scenes, . ;

was merely a remote suspicion that on

The Over-Seas Club people say to- w ;
night that they will ask the Borden Gov-| Wednesday night after the assault he
had been seen with another soldier who

ernment to remove the duty on Englisi
is The moleskin trousers

films.
were found in his trunk. and as hecouldn't
be held and questioned about the other
soldier on no charge atall he was booked
for petty larceny.
The condition of Miss Waugh was said

trousers.

a suspect,

COUPLE WAYVLAID IN” BRONX.

 

 

Woman's Cries Bring Policeman Too Late
to Catch Three Assatiants,

A man and a voung woman paasing
over the River avenue bridge, which «pans }last night by her physician, Dr. David
| the tracks of the New York Central at Liv Until
l5ist street, were waylaid last night by pouieevens ik ae nee
three men. The young man, John Drew, | Tuesday, Dr. Livingston said, he couldn't
a clerk of 256 West 154th street, showed \ be sure that she will live. The right side
fight. He was knocked down with aclub. | of her lower jaw is badly fractured, bruises
The young woman, who was Miss Frances

i Aeld of 268 W h | cover her body and there may be internal
258 FS t asi i

ead < esee est 154th street, was also hurts. Her tempereture was high last

{thrown down.

; 4 night, and although she has not been
potenti cried for Help and thre | detirionn nie hax heon sinable to desert
sailants, supposed to have been Itallans, the attack of the night before except to
n away. The policemen found Drew |“"% that the man pounced Upot nee ee
lying on the pavement He had a long het QB el oR unconscious
{tear in his scalp. A doctor said there ao soon with a driving blow beswaes

a i a

be serious,

t
t

 

 
  
 
 
 
 
  

Mr. and Mre. Reed make a series of | “pr, Gladman told Mrs. Thomas of his
allegations of neglect against the Pull- | experiences with George P. Thomas and
man employees of a train on which they | then described the man as about 50 years
travelled from California September 11, but | oid, short and thick aet with a big. heavy
the principal complaint is that the con-| neck. Mrs. Thomas said that her missing
ductor and porter of the train permitted | jusband was considerabiy younger than
a bridal couple to take théir stateroom, ; that, was tall and was not stout. She
that the bride and bridegroom paid no | was convinced that Dr. Gladman had
attention to repeated requests to give up never seen her husband and returned to
the room, and that the conductor refused | Philadelphia.
to interfere. Asa result the Reeds were! [yr Giadmen told the cetective and
compelled to ait up all night, and the fol-| Mra. Thomas that he had advertised for
lowing morning Mrs. Reed was i!! as a | g99,000 capital for the enlargement of his
Oi nenoe ; business, and that about ten dava ago a

Mr. and Mrs. Reed said they had °n- | man who said he was George P. Thomas
gaged a stateroom on the train from came to the office and said he thought he
Sacramento, Cal, on their way home. | could arrange the loan. The man et first
When they boarded the train they placed said he could get the money from a Pitta-
their baggage in the stateroom and went | burg millionaire whom he knew if the
out on the observation car for a few min- physician could make a place for the
utes. At Truckee, Cal., a bridal couple | mijlionaire’s unregenerate son in the
boarded the train. They took posses- Gladmen turned down that

; business.
sion of the Reed stateroom. A few min- | offer, and Thomas then sail he thought
utes later Mr. and Mrs.

: Reed entered | he coullt get the loan from the United
the room to retire.

 

 

 

 

Dr. Siewers charged that women who
registered had been subjected to petty
annoyances by clerks in one voting booth
on Gilbert avenne
woman gave her age to the registration
clerk he repeatedi ina loud tone ao every-
body inthe booth could hear. Dr. Siewers
formulated an appeal, directed to clerks
of voting places, reading

“Whereas many women have been
treated discourteously, we ask all in
charge of the public business to conduct
the booths in a businesslike way and to
avoid unnecessary conversation and
questions.” .

 

 

INVITED TO SEE A ROBBERY.
Joker Admits That He Did the Robbery
Before Calling the Police.

A man who didn't give his name called
up Police Headquarters last Tuesday
night and said that he had overheard
two men in a saloon planning to rob the
dyeing shop of Ferdinand Maupei at 616
West Forty-fourth street some time be-

 

She said that when a!

between the rebel forts of Wu-chang and | was a chance that his skull was fractured.
the loyal Chinese cruisers in the river, Drew insisted that he would not goto
but they ceased when the British andj a hospital, but went home with Miss
| Japanese officials protested that tne cone Lansfield instead.
cessions were endangered.

The Times's Pekin despatches say that
the rebellion gains in force and the indica-
tions are that the Government is con-
fronted by the most formidable danger
since the Taiping rebellion
; A message may arrive at any tnoment
of a sympathetic outbreak at Canton,
where the agitation has long been sim-
mering. Families are making their exodus
from Hongkong and there is also danger
lof a mutiny at Nanking, where the
Twelfth division has given signs of dis-
satisfaction There also unrest at
Anhui and Changsha

China is learning the folly of stationing
‘troops in the province of their birth.

Yin Chang, Minister of War, has been
ordered by imperial edict to take two
northern divisions to Hankow in order

 

PANIC WHERE TRENTINI SANG,
Stand at Columbus Day Celebration Cole
lapses No One Hurt.

PirTsaurRG, Oct. 12.- While Mme. Emma
Trentini was singing at the Columbus
Day exercises at Washingtom Park this
afternoon the bleacher seats collapsed.
Twelve thousand people from* Little Italy”
were gathered tohear Trentini sing Italian
songs when thecrash came. Suddenly there
came a creaking noise and the bleacher
seats, holding thousands, began to settle

and then collapsed with a roar,

Not a person was hurt seriously, but
in an instant screaming women and chil-
dren started an uproar.

In

RETAILERS’ TOBACCO PLAN.

 

If he starte

the eyes and another on the jaw that
she could not note a single detail of his
appearance

Twenty detectives recruited from
Brooklyn Police Headquarters, from pre-
cincts adjoining Fort Hamiiton and from
the branch bureau of the Fort Hamilton
station spread themselves over Bay
Ridge and Dyker Heights yesterday.
The first man they questioned after they
learned the little that the mother and
father of the girl could tell was a half-
witted Italian whom they found in the
early morning asleep in his clothes in
his room on Ninetieth street. He is
known to the neighborhood as simple and
harmless. When it was established that
there was nothing strange about his bed-
room attire, inasmuch as he always sleeps
in his day clothes, and that he had been
at home at the time of the assault the
police left him alone in his bewilderment.

Later they found a chauffeur whom
Mr. Waugh used his fists on two weeks ago
after discharging him for being out all

  
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
   
  
  

They found the bridal | Stetes Mortgage and Trust Company.
couple.
Mr. Reed pleaded with the pair to

wall,” the plaintiffs allege. Mr. Reed
appealed to the conductor, and this gen-
tleman, the Reeds allege, became inso-
lent. So Mr. Reed and his wife had to
sit ina seat all night, while the bride and
bridegroom occupied their stateroom.

GOT A WHITE RHINO.
Natural History Museum's African Ev.
pedition Meeting With Success,
According to a letter which has been
received recently from James P. Chapin
the Columbia student, who is a member
of the American Museum of Natural His-
tory's Congo expedition under the leader-
ship of Herbert Lang, the expedition has
been eminently successful in its work,
and has lately added a white rhino to ita
collection. This was one of the chief
objects of the search in the African jungle,
which has now lasted for more than two
years. In that time the expedition has
traversed more than 2,000 milea on foot
and for the greater part of the time has
not been nearer than 1,000 miles to civilized
settlements. When Col. Roosevelt was
in Africa his expedition crossed the trail

of the Lang party, but did not see it.

The expedition for the last year or more
has been operating along the Belgian
Congo and not long ago approached the
border of the Lado Enclave, British terri-
tory, that is closed to the expedition
Not far from the border white rhino
were found more or leas frequently, and
at last one of the party atcceeded in
shooting a perfect specimen. The horn
when measured waa more than 100 centi-
meters long.

It is expected that the party will re-
turn to this country next spring. It has
been in the fleld continuously aince it
landed in Africa in the spring of 1909.

 

NO PAROLE FOR WALSH.

Papers for Ex-Banker's Release Said Not
to Be tn Packet Received.

LEAVENWORTH, Kan., Oct, 12.—A packet
containing paroles for ten or twelve
prisoners in the United States peniten-
tiary was received to-day at the prison,
but it is understood that none of them is
for John R. Walsh.

The names of thoee to be paroled have
not been given out. It is etiil a matter
of doubt whether Walsh is to be paroled.
It is declared here that Chairman Ladow
voted against the ex-banker's application.
This taken with the fact that some of the
men whose papers came this morning
were heard after Walsh had been heard
leads to the belief that Walsh's applica-
tion has been held up.

WASHINGTON, Oct. 12.—- While the official
announcement of a parole for John R.
Walsh, the Chicago banker now in Leaven-
worth prison, has so far been withheld,

 

cast twelve in the band. I am sure | his friends are confident that Walsh will

en of ther tried to gat into our|soon be a free man. Walsh has been

Muinment last night by attempting|in Leavenworth prison since January
t shrewd trick If we had not}|19, 1010.

; ee bv «4 for iecoyv
rewarned by a fortunate diecovery | oe. «ron JEFF DAVIS WEDS.

iid have been victims as scores of
"churches and societies have been.) pyoruresque Arkansan Takes a Bride and

{ the prizes given at the larger Starts on Honeymoon.
are worth $80, so you can see the Ozark, Ark, Oct, 12.—United States

e fo nesty Ce ee wie ;
IntcnmBn  taaina thera amien | Senator Jeff Davis of Little Rock and Miss
adad: Otlan bit MAAna: ce Leila Carter, daughter of Dr. and Mra
EAT ATA AR Gen with, a | Wallace A, Carter of this city, were mar-
FAIGRAl IT iGatltan pane hantioarnants Mt | ried at. the Carter home this afternoon
bo Mala rd nsl eee Per (OAT! \tembers of the families and a few friends
would nob be observed by honest and attended the ceremony.

ved DULY also that these women Immediately after the ceremony Mr.
ev how te k earde- thatisthe gam-!|and Mrs. Davis left for San Francisco and
wterm, | believe knew how to deal | other Pacific coast points, where they will
vother good hands, The matter has; Pe!naln until November 1, when they will

: return to Little Rock.
ome serious, but I think the sharpers Senator Davis was a widower with
can be outwitted in the future,”

three sons and four daughters,

ele

 

 

lishe

need eard

ata

 

vacate, but “it was like talking to a.atome| man three checks on the Girard Bank,

|

| marked

|

| made it good.

|

He did not get it, however. In the course

of several aays negotiations he gave Gled-

tween 0 and 10 o'clock that evening. The
hour was then 7 o'clock

Detectives Fitzsimmons and Owen
were sent around to observe the robbery
and after 19 o'clock when nobody had
shown up to break into the shop they
looked at the door and found that it had
been jimmied before they came, Next
day the proprietor said that $800 worth
of silks had been stolen.

The detectives traced up the call they
had received Tuesday night and found
that it had come from a saloon, They
also learned that Charles Duessen, a fore-
man in the dyeing shop, had used the
saloon’s telephone on Tuesday evening

Gladman says, one for $800, one for $260
and one for $2,500. The check for $300
went to the Girard Bank and returned
“Ineufficient finde.” Gladman
had already cashed the second at a store
and had given Thomas the money, H?
got the check back from the store and
The third check he had
deposited in his ewn bank and killed ix
there. Besides the $260, Thomas bor-
rowed $180, making a total of $440 which
Gladman savs the Thomashe knew owen
bim,

This Thomas had a good deal to say
about his automobile, a machine which | street and Amsterdam avenue with
Gladman didn't eee One day when | Abraham Trosky, a silk dealer of 62 Eaat
Thomas had made an appointment with; Twentieth street. Duessen admitted
the physicion to take him out in the|stealing the silks and turned over to the
machine Thomas came in with his trousers | police 850 which he said was part of his
torn across the knee, a result, he aaid, of
an accident to his car

He also had much to say of his country
place out on Long Island. So when he
didn't come around any more and Glad-
man got to worrving a little about the
money he looked in the telephone book
and finding George P. Thomas at Port
Washington called him up. George P
Thomas of Port Weashington, who is con-
nected with the American Lithographic
Company, couldn't throw much light on
the case, except to tell the doctor that
two weeks or more before a man intereated
in a patent medicine had called at the
lithographic company's offices to see him
on aasimilar errand. The patent medicine
man said he had given up quite a sum of
money—Mr. Thomas remembered it as
about $2,000--to one George P. Thomas,
who was going to put the patent medicine
on the market and who then disappeared.

But there appears to have been a George
P. Thomas who once had a check book on
the Girard Bank and $1,400, and another
man is now using his name and check’
book.

PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 12.—Mrs. Thomas
suspecte that her husband is in Mexico.

Both men were locked up.

 

WANT HILPRECHT RESTORED.

Assyriologists Ask Pennsylvania Univere
sity to Mahe Him a Professor Again.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 12.

ologists and scholars of Europe have

petitioned the board of trustees of the

University of Pennsylvania to restore

Prof. Herman V. Hilprecht to the Clark

research professorship of Assyriology,

from which he resigned last year, and to
continue Prof. Hilprecht in his editorship
of the temple library and Nippur collec-
tion of tablets at the university

This petition has heen indorsed by
thirty-five clergymen connected with the

Lutheran Church in this country, who

have also addressed a communication

as a theological associate in the Philadel-
phia conference.

Inasmuch as Prof. Hilprecht when he
resigned reserved the right to edit the
tablets, which had been vested in him
by a resoluiion of the board,a perplexing
situation waa created, because it was
impossible for him to continue the work
without having his status clearly defined,
and it waa impossible for the board to
make any other provision for translating
and publishing the tablets as long as
Prof. Hilprecht maintained his rights.

VOTING SET FOR SAINTS DAY.

Prime Minister Borden Has Promised to
Remedy Oversight tn Quebec.

Ottawa, Oct. 12.—-The decision of the
Borden Government to hold the minis-
terial bye-elections on November 1 is
causing embarrassment, as the day set
for the election is All Saints day, a legal
holiday in the Province of Quebec, where
five of the Borden Ministers will seek

 

 

BOYS DROWNED FROM RAFT.

 

Frail Craft Goes Down When One Too
Many Jumps On.

Three boys of Jamaica, eight and nine
year olds, went exploring yesterday. In
among the trees of the Jamaica Estates,
several miles from their home, they came
upon the Horseshoe pond, just about a
hundred feet across. Twosmall strangers
had built a raft and were cruising about |
on her. It was made of heavy branches |}
of trees and emall tree trunks bound to-
gether with cross boards. The three
rovers looked on and admired. alantion

!

“Don't you want to take a ride?” the | of Public Works; J. Doherty, Minister of

builders apked. and’ eatin Mamaia | dustice; L. P. Pelletier, Portmaster-
both nine-year-olds, stepped aboard! | General; W. B. Nantel, Minister of Inland

They too circled the Horseshoe. Charles| Revenue, and George H. Perley, without
Mulfall, the third of the trio,was anxious! a portfolio.

1 Hersch jena Fo ised pase | ag Th, amination day te eet tor Ootaber

in St. } ' *| 25 and the election law fixes election for

Albert Lang was in St. Mary s Hospital, {seven days later. Mr. Monk telegraphed

Jamaica, last night. The two other ex- Y 8 | p
lorera were drowned. Albert didn'tknow| Prime Minister Borden to-day calling

fe ne bo 6 poaies were recovered, ‘ | his attention to the mistake. The date
Albert's father is a butcher for a Brook- | will have to be changed. It will be made

Wp firm, and Freddie Gasaman’'s is a Long | a day or two later,

live at 6 Samuel street, | Mr. and Mrs. Borden, the members

land Railroad brakeman. Both famili
Charles Mulfall's |

father is in the water works and lives at14/of the Cabinet and their} wives, Chief

Samuel street. Justice Sir Charles Fitzpatrick and the

| Associate Justices of the Supreme Court

land Admiral Kingsmill and Gen. Mac-

kenzie, in command of the permanent

forces, left this afternoon on a apecial
train for Quebec to meet the Duke of

 

NEW ROUTES TO CALIFORNIA,

In addition to its present complete schedule
the Chicago and North Western Ry. now operates
through Pullman Standard and Pullman Tourist
Sleeping Cars between Chicago and San Fran ;
cisco through Colorado and Utah via Union | Connaught im
Pacific, Denver and Rio (Grande, and Southern| Sir dames Whitney, Premierof Ontario,
Pacific, also via Union Pacific, Denver & Rio; announced to-day that the Ontario gen-
Banat ON Seer saecnonh mings bene®, | eFal secttana would be held early in, De;

; rene " .
Pr colorado and Salt Lake Clty For tickets ang |cember. The Conservatives expect to
full information address KR. M. JOHNSON, General | increase their already large majority
Agent, 461 Broadway, New York City, N. ¥e-aAde, | there.

 

 

They caught Duessen last night at I7Ist)

share in the proceeds of the robbery. |

-Thirty Aseyri- |

to the trustees in behalf of Prof. Hilprecht |

They are F. D. Monk, Minister |

to suppress the rebellion.
at once he can reach Hankow in two weeks,
assuming that the railway communication
is not interrupted.

SHANGHAI, Oct. 12.-—-Wuchang, Han-
yang and the arsenal] and powder factory
at Hankow are in the hands of the revolu-
tionists

The railway is held by 2,000 men. It is
reported that the bridges of the Pekin

,and Hankow Railway have been de-
| stroyed

The loyal gunboats in the Yangtse have

been fired upon and in turn bombarded
Wuchang
The revolutionaries to-day entered

the junction of the MHan-kiang and
Yangtee-kiang, in the province of Hu-peh.
| They afterward marched into Hankow
jand took possession of the city, meeting
|with some resistance. They did not
jintertere with foreignere in @ny way
The revolutionists are issuing paper
| currency and there is a run on the foreign
hanks. The native banks refuse to
honor Government notes.

There are seven warships at Hankow
now, including the American gunboats
| Helena and Villalobos.
} The rebels hold all of Hanyang, includ-
‘ing the iron works and the arsenal. The
;commander of the rebels has issued a
' proclamation in which it is announced
| that it is the people's army that fas taken

\ A ee ;
| charge of affairs and that it isthe intention

! to overthrow the Manchu dynasty.
The proclamation threatens death to
} any one who interferes with foreigners.

Only four battalions of Chinese troops
at Hankow remain loyal to the throne.
The women and children slept on steam-
ships in the river during the night.

Between 5,000 and 6,000 regulars muti-
nied at Hankow and most of them joined
the revolutionaries. Over 200 Manchus
are reported to have been killed in the
fighting that followed.

PEKIN, Oct. 12.—The missionaries at
Wuchang are eafe.

Official reporta say that at least 10,000
and possibly 15,000 Chinese soldiers have
mutinied in the province of Hu-peh.
It is believed that they captured thirty
modern field guns at Wuchang. Accord-
ing to unconfirmed reports the revolu-
tioniste occupied Chang-sha on Tuesday.

The rebels in the provinoe of Sze-chuan
hold all the country to the westward of
the Min River between Kiating and
Kwang-Hsen. Five hundred regular
trocps have rebelled and there is fighting
daily. Up to the present no foreigners
have been molested.

The rebels have occupied Snifu.

An imperial edict was issued to-day
| cashiering Viceroy Yui Cheng of the
| province of Hu-peh, but ordering him to
remain at his post and retrieve his repu-
tation.

The Viceroy took refuge on a vessel
in the river yesterday when the revolu-
captured Wuchang

The edict ordera that two army corps
latart for Wuchang immediately. They
will-be under the personal command of
Gen. Yin Chang, the Minister of War.
Warships have also been ordered to Han-
kow.

|
|
|
|

| tionaries

—

 

 

| LIFE FOR KIDNAPPERS,
‘ Chicago Child Stealers Get the Law's
| Extreme Penalty,

| CuicaGo, Oct. 12. Prison for life was

 

the sentence imposed by a jury in Judge |

Honore'a court to-day upon Giuseppe
and Carmello Nicolosi, brothers, after
they had been found guilty of kidnapping
five-year-old Angelo Marino.

\ Mra. Cologera Nicolosi, wife of Car-
| mello, also was found guilty and her

|

the penitentiary, \

Hanyang, a city adjacent to Hankow, at |

night with the Waugh automobile. He
had got the car by forging the name of a
friend of Mr. Waugh’s on a request for
two hours use of it. Mr. Waugh thought
it just possible that he had attacked his
daughter as a sort of reprisal, but the
chauffeur proved that he had been at the
Brooklyn navy yard on Wé@dnesday
evening, and so his name also was
scratched off the list of the suspected.
Then came the arrest of the ex-soldier,

Want the Trust Broken Up Into All the
Parts it Put Together.

The Independent Retail Tobacconists,
lately organized, met last night in a Ma-
sonic lodge room over Terrace Garden
and passed resolutions to the effect that
the tobacco trust must dissolve into as
many parts, manufacturing and retailing
concerns, as have composed it. The
independent tobacconista are going to
ask for a hearing when the trust's plan Benj ; '

for reorganization is presented to the | Benjamin Putnam, for stealing # Per of
court. Louis D. Brandeis and his as- | 'OUSeTS. Putnam, after serving @n
sistant, Felix H. Levy, have been retained years in thearmy with credit, had decided
by the tobacco leaf men. H. H. Hunter | a ne and Po ke oe a Fort
| is counsel for independent retailers and | 4 “ee i a a mois: WROLS i Gee
; Charles Dushkind for manufacturers. BErVeG) e atill ha Uwe Sere SAG ave
| Geinietemncoemieces iat months of duty at Fort Hamilton, but

|

 

ey ISTE he bought his discharge and became a
0 ys STE wh, cat
WEN i TER it free citizen on Wednesday. He left the
Wife of Philadelphia Author Hurries to | fort yesterday morning, and one of the

‘ His Bedside,

Erik, Pa., Oct. 12. -The wife of Owen
Wister, the Philadelphia novelist, who
was here attending a convention of
|woman suffragists, reccived a measage
this afternoon announcing the serious
iilness of her husband.

Mrs, Wister immediately departed for
Philadelphia.

persons who heard about it was Albert L,
Hawkins, who keeps a cigar store which
with saloons is an outpost of the reserva-
tion.

Now Benjamin Putnam owed the cigar
man $10 and when the latter heard of the
soldier's discharge he ran to the police.

} And the police, as it happened, had just
heard of a soldier who had drunk in a
saloon near the fort about 8 o'clock
on Wednesday night, an hour anda quarter
after the assault on Miss Waugh, and had
dropped some talk that made the hare

on Central of Georgia, tender suspect that he had been seriously

Fort VALLEY, (ia., Oct. 12.— For the; misbehaving himself somewhere in the
fourth time in as many weeks wreckers Bay Ridge district.
threw a Central of Georgia train from) So the detectives, their original theory
the track near here this afternoon. ‘The; being that Benjamin Putnam might be
engine and several coaches left the track, | the man they were hunting, slipped over
but no one was killed though the fire-}to the pier at the foot of Dover street,
man, engineman and several passengers! Manhattan, whither he had shipped his
were injured. ; trunk on an army transport. They found

The train was wrecked by spikes being | him about to board the steamship North
driven between the joints of rails and! Star, bound for Maine. His appearances
when the engine struck the obstructions] and his talk were in his fAvor, but in his
it left the rails and the coaches followed. trunk the two detectives came upon the

Detectives who were summoned found] moleskin trousers which seemed to be the
signs near the track where the wreckers; ones that Private Martin Mullins, also
had camped. of the 122d Company, Coast Artillery,

Three other Central trains have been | had reported missing. They straight-
recently wrecked near here in a similar | way taxed the big red cheeked ex-artil-
way, there being loss of life in two of |leryman with petty larceny and took him
them jto the headquarters of the Brooklyn

The repeated attempts to wreck trains | police.
have caused the officers of the road to de- | With Benjamin Putnam locked up
cide to have the track patrolled. Detec-/the police got word that there was no
tives think that wreckers planned to; reason to suspect him of the attack upon
rob the trains after they were derailed, | Miss Waugh. It was another soldier,
but lost their nerve. Each of the trains|not he, who had talked loosely in the
wrecked carried large sums of money in| Fort Hamilton groggery. Could he be,
the express cars. then, the man who had been seen in an-
other saloon near the post with the chap
who had used his tongue too freely? That
possibility was exploded when the pro-
prietor of the second aaloon went to head-
quarters, scrutinized Benjamin Putnam
and said, “He ain't the man.”

But as there was still the matter of the
trousers which he says he didr't steal
Putnam was taken back to the Fort Ham-
ilton station house and put into a cell for

 

= mone

FOURTH WRECK IN A MONTH.

spikes Again Driven Between Ball Joints |

 

 

 

WANTS CHANGE OF VENUE.
Sullivan Sets Up That He Can't Have a
Fair Trial in Brooklyn,

Application for a change of venue in
the case of David A. Sullivan, former
president of the old Mechanics and Trad-
ers Bank, will be made to-day to Justice
Garrettson in the Supreme Court in Brook-

 

lyn, according to a notice served on Dis-
trict Attorney Clarke by Max D. Steuer,
Sullivan's attorney, Steuer says that
the people of Brooklyn are prejudiced
against his client because of the news that
\has been published in connection with
the bank investigation, The case is on
the Brooklyn calendar for Monday,
Sullivan is under bail of $21,000 to in-

|

{degree and grand larceny.

leharge will be tried first,

The forgery
Kenneth A,
Sullivan, an assistant cashier, who was
jointly indicted with Sullivan on a forgery
charge, will not be tried, it is said. He
may be used asa witness against his chief,

 

 

sonally all cases against bank officials
involving charges of mismanagement

Traders and the Union banks.

arraignment to-day. He had squared
his $10 debt to Tobacconist Hawkins by
paying him the money on his way to
headquarters.

Last night the arrest of the soldier of
the wagging tongue was said to be con-
templated.

The rank and dying grass to which Miss
Waugh was carried by the man who,

sure his appearance for trial on several | sprang at her and muffled her with one
indictments charging forgery in the third | hand while he pounded her with the other

just after she alighted from a car within
easy calling distance of her home at 6:35
on Wednesday evening? lies in a two acre
plot between Highty-third and Eighty-
fourth streets. The curious persona,
mostly women and children, that trampled

Mr. Clarke intends to prosecute per-| the field yesterday and several times had

to be sent about their business by the
police troa underfoot bachelors buttona

punishment was fixed at seven years in|in connection with the Mechanics and! in full blossom, golden roa, émall sumaci,
trees and scarlet autumn shrubbery.