Che

—_——- -——-——— -—
—

 

VOL L\VIIL—NO, 76
#110 WILL RULE CHINAt

MINISTERS DISCUSSING 71H5 CHANCES
OF PRINCE TVAN'S SO.

 

 

 

Ask Ymairections of the Home Governments
<Empress Dowager Denounces Her Peace
Commissioners for Not Preventing the Rx-
pe@itions Sent Oat by the Allies From Pekia

Special Cable Despatch to THE sts.
From a Staff Correspondent.

Pexin, Nov. 18, via Taku, Nov. 13, and Shang-
hal, Nov. 14—The Ministers practically fin-
{aed at their meeting w-day their work of
form ilating the demands to be presented to
the Chinese Government, only one or two ques-
tions remaining open for disougsion at another
meeting, which will be held next Monday.
Meantime the Ministers are conferring with
their Governments regarding the pointe at
iasce. The question of permitting the suc-
cession of Fu Chung, son of Prines Tuan, to

the throne of China, the probable effect of |

which has already been pointed out in these
despatches, is considered so important that
several of the Minksters, so your correspondent
learns, have asked Snatructions from their

Governments as to whether they shall support |

or oppose the belr.

Another mnatier which is creating discussion
fs the li-kin. which is the tax imposed by the
provincial authorities on merchandise going
inland, no matter what the character of the
merchandise may be Heretofore goods des-
tined for the interior have been compelled
to pay the li-kin at short distances, with the
natura! result that the longer the Journey
the more often they were taxed. This has
mude it utterly impracticable, on the ground
of cost, to linport most kinds of foreign goods
{ute the interior of China

Everybody agrees that the doing away of
this tax would be a good thing, but, on the
other hand, the Chinese Government has raised
{ts wreitest revenue from {t. Therefore, io
the event of the li-kin being abolished, it will be
necessary to find a substitute for it in order
that the Government may be maintained
It is not likely that the preliminary demands
of the Powers will exceed a provision for the
future discussion of this subject on Ines stg-
ge-ted by them

Then will arise the question of details of the
Therefore |

fndemnities and means of security.
the Chinese Comndasioners are more anxious
than the Powers to hurry the negotiations to
a close. The Empress Dowager is blaming the
Commissioners for everything that has hap-
pened since their appointment. She tele-

graphed to-day denouncing them for not pre- |

venting the military expeditions that have béen
despatched from Pekin. Their position is most
diMiewt, and the longer the time before the
actual negotiations are begun the worse their
posfifon will be.

The officers at Field Marshal Count von Wald-
erseo’s headquarters are outspoken in declar-
ing that more expeditions similar to the one
despotched on Sunday will besent north. The
only apparent object of these expeditions {s to
secure loot, though their ostensible purpose is
to rescue native Catholics, :

The French svidiers are acting Ilke the Ger-
mans. Coniplainta are being received: daily
from the towns in the neighborhood of the posta
of these armies that expeditions are looting and
killing. The worst feature is that the victims
are mostly aged persons, who are perfectly
harmless.

There is no doubt thet the despatching .of
these expeditions has made hopeless the effort
to induce the Court to return to Pekin. A
number of merchants to-day memorlalined the
Throne to return, saying that the resumption
of business and the restoration of order are
hopeless without the presence of the Board of
Revenue '

Another memorial has been forwarded to
the Empress asking how the officials and pen-
aioners in Pekin are to obtain their maney
during the absence of the Court There are
large numbers of these petty officials and pene
sioners here and they are in a poverty-stricken
condition. They must obtain the money due
them or their sufferings will be greater than
hitherto.

GERMANY

 

TO RECALL WARSHIPS,

Redaction of Her Naval Force io East Asian
Waters Contemplated.
Special Cadle Despatch to THE SUN.

CoLoonk, Nov. 14.—-The Cazetic, whose ut-
terances are generally regarded as semit-of-
ficial, says Germany has decided to reduce her
fighting strength in Fast Asian watem by
recalling a few battleships and cruisers. Ad-
miral Geissler’a squadron will return in the
spring. ‘The cruisers Geflon and Irene will
leave Chinese waters earlier.

 

PRANCO-ROSSIAN ACTION ON CHINA.

The Two Powers Exchange Notes iw Regard
to Hastening Peace Negotiations.

Special Cadle Despetch to THE SUN.

BinmMiIncuaM, Nov. 14—The /’ ete London
eorrespondent learns that France and Russia
have exchanged notes tn regard to hastening
the peace negotiations in China. Both coun-
tries agree that such ection is most desirable,

d will provably send a joint circular to the
vowers calling aitention to this point

 

CHINESE REBELS’ MANIFESTO.
Hostility Shown te the Mandarins Raiber
Than the Porcigoers.

Victorta, B.«., Nov. 14>
by the rebels has been received here in a copy
of the Carina Meal in this document no at-
tenipt is made to disguise the fact that China

has bean beiten and that ehe ts practi-ally at
the mercy of ner foes. At is the \uinese man-
darins, rather than the foreigners as a whole,
who are mirked for hatred in the manifesto
The oMo: is are blamed for the
trea Chinvand are charged with havins
traved the countty

The China Mail says the manifesto professes
to come from the nei@hborhood of the Kowloon
Hinterland, where the rebels raised their stand-
ard nvict.d. beoreraising the ti.g@ ceremonies
were performed, consisting of the offering of

roasted pig as a sacrifice to the eplrits of the

ag ‘eo manit eto was then dis rib. tet
'Qhe following day the rebela moved to Shawan,
where they were met by a body of Imperial
troops whom: they defented with great loss
Yhe news of the victory brought hundreds
to thelr standard.

be-

 

 

OUR TROOPS LEAVE CHINA,

The Leet of the Exneditionary Force Sails for
Manila.

WASHINGTON, Nov 14 —Aooording to de-
epatches received by the Quartermaster Gen-
eral of the army four companies of the Fif-
teenth Infantry have left Taku, China, for
Manila. and the transport Sumner hoe gailed

rom Nacasaki tor Manila with four troops of |

the Sixth Cavalry, which also saw service in
Chin «, and four batteries of the Third Artillery
This completes the withdrawal of the American
troops from Chine with the exception of the
legation guard at penin

ne chief sienn cer hue bee ing
by talecraph that Major Seriven, up infcomed
the eignal det chineut with the Pekin expedi-
tion, had sailed for Manila, leaving three sianal
oMocers and a few men to operate the American
nmulitary wire between Pekin and Tientsin

Gearding Against on Uprising in Tienteta.
Speciai Cable Despatch to THE SiN,
TIFNTSIN, Nov. 18.—The (Chinese population
of this city is now placed at 00,0 0, one-third of
whom aresupnosed to he Boxers. The
ere a'renetiening the garrison here as fice
cation agains! a rising
Special Trains Vale-Princeton Game
lanwe New York «West 204 st ) at 10-25 an
A.M. Cortlar tang D shro- ses s res arg iH 8
A. M.. Nov. 17, tla Pennsylvania Kaliroad —Ade

Quail on toast and mallard duek on the dt care
of the New York Ceatral -Aage a

 

 
 

A

A manifesto issued |

decay and dis- |

NEW YORK, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER

| MR. KAVANAGH MAY TELI. THINGS.

Preacher Who Wowld1't Appear With Chorus
Girls om the Minnehaha le Annoyed,
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 14.—The Rev. Wililam
Kavanagh, the preacher of the Protestant
Episcopal Church who did not consider {t con-
| slatent with his dignity or his cloth to take
| part with two chorus girls in an impromptu
entertaluinent gotten up by passengers on
the Atlantlo steamship Minnehaha, on her
recent trip across the Atlantic, lives at 237
We-t Chelten avenue, Germantown. He is a
Preacher without a charge at present, but this
ls because he prefers to epend his time writing
| rather than preaching and dvlug pastoral |
work. He said to-day that the publication
of his name in association with the names of
Miss York and Miss Florence, the chorus girls
from the Shaftesbury Avenue Theatre, to whose
appearance on the programme with He |
|
i
|

 

 

, he #0 much objected, was displeasing. He
declined to make a statement concerning the
reasons that led hiin to decline to appear on

| the same bill with them, but added:

“I do not think properly constituted young
woren would eit at a table and drink publicly.
The statements in the papers are wreatiy ex-
aggerated and if the tnatter is continued longer
| I inay find it necessary to make a statement
{| that would be distasteful to some of the pas-
| sengers on board the steamer about whom at

the present tine I do care to say anything ”

| Mr. Kavanagh was urged to make this stato- |
ment, but declined to say anything further,

except to intimate that the story would never '

have been printed had it not been for |

male friends of the chorus girls who directed
the reporters to him for an explanation when
' he landed, and his refusal to enlarge upon an

| incident that he considered trivial.
MILLIONAIRE MINE OWNER SUED.
| Strikers Conviotc4 of Blowing Up the Prop-
| erty Demand Damages.

Comonado Sprinas, Col, Nov. 14—Papers

| were filed here last night accusing Millionaire ;
Sam Strong of blowing up the Strong mine |
during the miners’ strike to 1894. Mr. Stroug
has just arf.ved from Europe and is now in
Victor.

At the time Strong I|s alleged to have blown
up the mine he had already received §2),)))
as part payment for the property, and a balance
of $4),2)) was due. It is alleged that when
he discovered the value of the property, after
| he had eold it to Messrs. Giddings and lennox,

he expected that when the workings were
| destroyed by the explosion, the purchasers
} would fail to pay the balance due and the prop-
erty would revert to him.

At the time the property waa blown up the
| strike was in progress and It was alleged that
_ the explosion was caused by the strikers,
, Robert J. Lyons, Nicholas Kelly and several

others were tried for the crime and convicted.
| The men sentenced to the penitentiary now
) bring suit for $150,000 damages against the
| millionalre mine owner. ‘

 

 

 

TUG RAMS A SOUND FREICHTER,

A Big Hole Stove tn tho Old Cheisra ta the
East River Forees Her to Me Up.

The Norwich Line freight stearnboat Chelsea
was struck by the tug Ferguson last night
| as she turned into the Kast River from ler

pler at the foot of Roosevelt street bound for

New London, and was s0 badly damaged that
she put back to the pier and tied up for the

nighh,, . :

The collision waa due to a mistake in sig-
naling. The Cheleea had just reacted niid-
stream when she was struck The tug «topped
long @nough to see if the Chelsea was sink-
ing, and finding she was not, steamed on. The |

| Chelsta ‘moved toward Brootisn, and. near |
the Brooklyn side lowered a boat to find out
the extent of the damage. There wae a hole.
about 90 feet by 4 in the steamboat's side, about |
two feet above the water line. The whole!
interior of the boat was exposed and the guard |
rail was badly bent. Seeing this the captain |
decided to return |

The Chelsea, though a freighter, had a few
| passengers on board. There was no panic |
| among them. The boat's cargo will be di«-
charged to-day and she wil! be put in dry dock
It will take several weeks to repair her.

THREW ACID ON HiS DAUGHTERS,

Thee Groceryman Dorn Firrake Away From
Them and Drank the Rest,

Lasker Dorn, a retired groceryman, 60 vears |
old, committed suicide yesterday at his home |
278 West 115th street by swallowing a doe
of ,carbolic acid, after elightly burning iro |
of his daughters and his youngest sen with
the stuff.

Dorn had been threatening for several days
to kill himself. Yesterday afternoon he went
home drunk, seized a large bottle of car-

bolic acid which his wife kept for
cleaning and announced that he was
gong to make his threat good When

he aid he'd burn her ees out ‘the
| atruggle between them for possession of the
bottle brought his two grown daughtera, Annie

| and Bophia, and his fourteen-year-old son
| from another part of the house ‘They went
to help their mother and as they did, Dorn
took the cork from the bottle and (tried to throw
the add Some of it reached Annie's foen, |
burning her around the right eye Sophia
and the boy were burned on the arms |
Breaking away, Dorn rushed to the back of |
the house and swallowed the rest of the acid
fin the bottle. He was dead when a a
|

!

i

!

|

|

|

|

!
Mrs. Dorn tried to take the botue from him,

reached him) The injuries of the two wirls
were dressed at home by an arnbulance surgeon.

AARVARD MEN HELD IN JAPAN,

 

Arrest of a Party of Last Year's Athletes
Welle Photogrephing Fortifications.
Boston, Mass., Nov. 146—The Harvard men
who are reported to have been arrested In
Japan as spies while taking photographs of
the fortifications there are undoubtedly two
of the party of four members of the class of
19), who started on a tour of the world last

August. The party consisted of William A
M. Burden, captain of the ‘Varsity eleven;
| Francis L. Higginson, Jr, captain and stroke |

of the ‘Varsity eight; J. L. Saltonstali, man-
ager of the ‘Varsity crew and Augustus Jay
of Philadeiphit. ihe latter returned alter
| quing part of the journey. From all that |
| could be learned before their start these men |
| had no definlie itinerary. They tneant to go |
‘out of the ordinary track of tourists, travel |
jaod & Visit those spots rarely seon by ar
except those whose business called © them |
thither {
| Firat they went to Europe. They intended |
to make he FP) jopine Islands the next stop. |
ping place, Tnen Japan was the obiective |
ha and there they are now. ‘Their schedule
neluded, after Japan, Ray pt Algiers, Moroceo, |
Hawaliin I*lands, here Wiillam Rich Castle.
Jr. a Harvard classmate re-ides: Vancouver
and Ban Franchises. If their inclinatiena «till
srompted them (o travel they were to take a
rin mound ee ern. throvgh South America,
with stops at the various republics and then to
| go tothe West Indies,

 

 

 

Deatechiand Averages 232.50 Kaots,

The Nambure-American o eck, the Deutee!-
land, which arrived .t Plymouth yosterday.
made the trip from Sandy Hook in musu-
ally fant tone oS Gare 12 hours oan Thee

ec vered 2, nots at an av ‘ ,
treed £22.80 kno'e averag» hourly

 

Deerfoot Tarm Sansage:.

With increasing knowledge of the day
through careleas!y prepared food, See ee
more and more fasiidious ‘ (heir seection ‘Deer.
foot" means purity. deiniinessard cleanliness —A de
omen atime
| Woodeock's Wind Pills cure wind, indigestion and
| es 25e Drugetsor Da beway N.Y:

Ady.

CE

 

| that it was absolutely impossible to tell whether

| only one of any means to speak
j; means had been

| and Strong for Stott and ever since then I

| well-informed man of finance in this town to

 

 

 

STRONG FAILURE SERIOUS.

THE

 

RECEIVER APPOINTED FOR
STOTT CONCERN ALSO.

 

W. L. Strong & Co. Close Their Déors—Sald
to Have 61,000.000 to 81,600,000 of
Strong and Stott Paprr Out, Mostly Out of
Town -Booke in a Mess— Whit the Assets Are
end Where the Momey Weat to a Purzie.

The dry goods commission house of W. L.
Strong 4 Co. closed its doors yesterday after-
noon, after an honored and honorab!e career of
thirty years. Business was suependedby order
of Edward A. Treat, who was appointed receiver
on Tuesday, andit is very doubtful If the house
willever be abletoresume. Whilethe receiver
cannot even guess at the firm's condition,
bankers who make it their business to know
what they are talking about before they speak
said yesterday that they believe the ilabilitics
would exceed tho asseta by at least $1,500,000,
One bank president went #o far as to say that
it would prove the worst fallure of any strictly
mercantile house in years.

A receiver was appointed yesterday for the |
ansets of C. H.& F. H. Stott, manufacturers of |
flannels, at Stottville. Frank J.. Stott, the part-
ner in W. 1.. Strong & Co., asked for the receiv-
ership and Justice D. Cedy Herrick, sitting in |
the Supreme Court at Catekill, appointed Fmith ,
Thompson, who ta Preaident of the Farmers’
National Bank of Hudson. His bond is $200,000.

WL. Strong & Co. went into the hands of
a receiver beoause a note of $100,000, drawn
by C. H. & FH. Stott and tndorsed by W. |
L. Strong & Co., falls due to-day and nobody
was empowered to pay it and nobody waa

 

 

 

 

 

15, 1900.-—COPYRIGHT. 1900. BY THE SU

 

in due time. Of course this impaired the
credit of the firm. Then Col Strong became
@ bank president and later a Mayor. Most
men, I may say few men, can do several things
and give the proper attention to all of them,
Col. Strong couldn't and his business went
to the bad. He and Stott had been practically
broke for years, and I do not believe, when
this thing has been etralghtened out, that
Col. Strong's estate will be worth a dollar.
He had paper outstanding for about $1,500,-
000 and no one knows what other linbilities
there are and therefore I should not be sur-
prised to find that the liabilities exceed the
assets by at least the amount of the outstand-
{ng paper.”

The question most frequently asked veater-
day was what did Mayor Strong do with all
the money he borrowed? His business was
a commission business. That Is, he sold goods
for the manufacturers on commission. He
had branch houses in Boston and Philadelphia,
but {t took no very large cayital to run his |
business, To be eure, he handled all the out- |
put, or nearly all, of the Stott milla. Most
commission houses make a sy; eclalty of the
goods of one manufactory and usually ad-
vance money to the monufacturers. It is
anid, however, that the indebtedness of C. H.
4F.H. Stott to W. L. Strong & Co. will not
exceed $450,000. If this be true, Col. Strong
waa either nowhere near as wealthy a man
as he was supposed to be or he had unusual
demands upon him.

Cornelius N. Blias made this explanation
“There is nothing sensational In this failure
Strong and Stott were heavily obligated to-
gether. Both died at about the tame time,
leaving nobody to act for either. Nobody waa
left onStrong’s side to renew the note for $100,000
maturing to-morrow and nobody was left on

empowered to renew it. The note was actually | grott'ssideto pay it. Nobody is lefton Strong's

drawn by Francis H. Stott and actually in- | side to pay other potes ge will soon fall due
j and bo on Stott's to renew them.

dorsed by William L. Strong. Col. Strong | aces Bet excesaariiy mean that the assets of

died on Nov. 2 of gouty heart and Mr. Btott
died on Nov. 5 after a long illness of cirrhosis
of the liver. The oopartnership here was
dissolved by Mr. Strong’s death and it is
supposed here that the copartnership at |
Stottville of C. H & F H. Stott was also {
diesolved by the death of Francis H. Stott
To prevent a haaty ecizure of any available
assets by the holder of the note, and a general
scramble among the erccitors, the executors ,
of Col. Strong’s estate applied for the appoint- |
ment of a receiver |

When the receiver took possession of the
business on Tuesday and made a cursory er-
amination of the books, he found such a tangle |
that he immediately put the books in the hands
of expert accountants who worked all ‘Tucs- |
day night. They had made little progress in
straightening out the tangle yesterday morning.
There was nothing to show even what, if any,
liability Col Strong's partners assumed when
they came into the firm. Learning the ocon-
dition of the books, Mr. Treat cencluded that
it would be useless to try to continue to do
business and eo ordered the doors closed

In the meantime attachmenta aggregating
$142,080 against W. L. Strong & Co. were taken
out by the Griswold Worsted Company of
Philadelphia, and several firme eupposed to
have property consigned to them by W. I.
Strong & Co, were summoned as garnishees,
The receiver gave ball in each attachment
sult, his bondsmen being John Claflin, Cor-
nelius N. Bliss and Augustus T. Juliliard. Yes-
terday afternoon the receiver waa notified
that the atiachmente had been withdrawn
and he had no notice of any other attechments
here or clsewhere. %

Just what the liabllitles and agets of the |
house will amount to nobody knows at present. |

 

,; When Mr. Treat was asked about this yesterday |

he said: {
“IT cannot answer the question, although I
wish I could. I cannot tell anything until the

experts get through with the books. That will
not be for a week or tan days, As soon asl \
ean, I will make a publlo statement and it will
be such a one as will give a comprehensive |
notion of the firm's condition. Until I can
make such a atatement, FT ean sav nothing.”
Mr. Van Brunt of Butler, Notman, Joline |
& Mvnderse, counsel for the receiver, said ;
that the books of the firm were in a mess and

the house was colvent or not. He said that he
did not know how much paper the firm had |
outstanding, but that practically all of ite |
banking business was done with the Central |
» ational Bank, of which Col. Strong was for
many veare the President, resigning the office
when he became Mayor. Mr. Van Brunt had
no knowledge how much, !f any, of the
firm's paper was held by that bank.

Information on that point was sought from
Fdwin Landon, President of the bank. In
responee to questions Mr. Landon sald:

“1 will not be Interviewed on this subject at
this time. Whether the bank held much or
Httle of W. L. Strong & Co.'s paper ia the
bank's business. Our depositors are entitled
to know whether this bank fs affected by the
failure or not and in reference to that I will
say that It is not. There te no trouble in this |
quarter whatever.”

There were rumors early in the day that at
least two local banks were so loaded up with
W. L. Strong & Co.'s paper as to have become
embarrassed. There is apparently no founda- |
tlon for these rumors. When the President
of one of the large downtown banks was asked |
about this he said:

“Such reports are too abaurd to be considered
There is no reason why any one bank it thi«
town should hold much of the firm's paper
and I am very sure no bank did. It will be
found when all the facts are known, that this
paper, to the amount, I belleve, of more than
$1,00,0™, {ts seattered all over the country.
It has teen offered for years and few of the
larger banks here care to heave it.

“Something more than four years ago, one
of our out-of-town correspondents asked us
about the standing of the firm and about the
wisdom of buying Ita paper. In order to an-
ewer the inquiry irnteliigentiy, I sought the |
pervices of one of the best credit men in the
city. After a time he reported to me that |
the firm was weak and not in good shape finan-
cially and that he would not advise the buying
of ay of its paper. Of all the members of
the firms, Mayor Strong, he learned, was the |

 

 

largely overestimated. It
waa learned that Stott was indorsing for Strong

have advised all our correspondents against
handling the firm's paper.”

Another bank president hed this to ear:
“It should have been no surprise to any

hear of the trouble of Mayor Strone’s firm
Its condition has Leen known to many of us
for several sears and | believe the failure, for
such it is and nothing more, will prove to be one
of the worst mereantile failures we have had in
ream Col Strong was one of the finest of men
and a most lovely character, but he was not a
merchant, in the modern a nee of the term
He wa, according to modern standards, ony
assiesrpan He believed in the efficacy of the
you tickle meand I tickle you polley, and, whi'e
that might have been pr: fitable years ago, it
ba n't been in mercantile life for eoiwe time.
“Col Strong and Stott had been ‘swapping’
notes for years. When one batch fell due,
they were not only not paid, but not reduced
They were simply taken up with money raised
on new notes Furthermore, their indebted-
ness steadily increased by this process, rather
than di:ninished. and this all became known
quntplieneee

Haan'’s Reatearant. Park Rew Baliding.
tas: cs and gentiemen; luncheon and diverr; musia,

-

 

The Name of Evans’ «a a Bettie
of ale or stous stands for everything that !s beak —Ade.

| fresh water left on board

both will not Ay sufficient to meet

re
al! obligations and all those who knew Col.

Co. was
thirty vears old, the business of ©. H. & F.
Ntoll was slsrted seventy years ago by Jona
than Stott. He was suce ed in 186) by bis |
sons, (hares H. and Francis H. Stott, the firm |
becoming (. H. & FP, If, Stott. Charles H

Strong, and knew bim only to love him, will
hope that this will prove true |
While the finn of W trong & |

Stott died in 169!, and a new firm, under the
eg, name, was forined, consisting of Francs |
{. Stott, Arthur ©. Stott, Frank Stott, a

nephew of Francis and one of the firm of W. L.
Strong & (0., and Cathasine A. Stott, as execu-
trix of the estate of Charles If. stott. The
firm operated four mills and the plant is sald
to have cost $1,000,000. The Stott receivership
was no surprise. During the business de-
ression several years ago it was com-
mon report that the Stett concern was
fu etraitened circumstances For the past
two years, however, the four mills have all
been running steadily. A reporter of THe
Sun questioned one of the heads of the com-
pany last evening as to its solvency. He wes
very reticent and the only answer he would |
give was that the mills were running and he |
gow no reason why they would not continue |
to do Judge J. Rider Cad), who for many
years has act us counsel for the firm, seemed |
contident that tte affalrs would, under con- |
paryanve management, be yluced on a solid |
Anis.

Even should the estate of Cel
wiped out by the failure, bis family, consist-
{ne of his widow, a daugiiter and a son, will, |
it Is understood, be well provided for The
Btrongs’ town house, at 12 West Fi ty-seventh
atreet, ix nassepsed for #68000 to Willam L. |
Strong, but the deed is in Mrs. Strong's name |
and the roy ¢ is unencumbered. The sum-
mer place at ron is also in Mra. Strong's
naine. Besides the real estate, it waa reid |
yesterday My.’ Strong inherited about &,-
000, from Ve

8 .. 3 dfather, the late Isrrel
ne! w' ’

ber fat
of “ tt

 

'
Strong he |

last Orange in 1884, and

the late Robert W. Aborn.

dry goods firm of Aborn, Bald-

EK «. flotbreok of “folbriok & Cores, whe
negotiated much of the paper ot W. I. Strong j
& Co, anid yesterday that no one bank had |

mueh of the firm's paper and he didn't belleve

that the amount outstanding would be found

to be $1,000,000.

 

 

The Captain and Eight of the Crew Rescued
and Landed tn Eoston.

Boston, Nov. 14—Capt. Ira W, Colbeth and
the elvht members of the crew of the three-
masted schooner Maplewood, formerly the
Georgls L. Dixon, were landed here this morn-
ing by the schooner Viola Reppard, their ves-
sel having been abandoned on the northern
edre of the Gulf Stream. The Maplewood |
left Mobile, Ala., Oct. 18, with a cargo and deck- |
load of green cypress, consigned to a limber
firm tg this city. She encouatered heavy gales |
all the way up to Tortugas. On Thursday, |
Nov. 8, when thirty miles east of Hatteras |
lightship, a hard gale from the southward
was encountered. The next day the wind
blew a hurricane and heavy eeas constantly
washed over the schooner, carrying away the
water casks and eventually her deckload

|
SCHOONER ABANDONED AT SEA. |

Everything on deck was smashed, and to add
to the anxiety of the crew it was discovered
that the veasel was leaking.

On Saturday morning it was found that the
water had risen to within three feet of the
main deck The men had eaten nothing since
Friday morning and there was not a drop of
Thev set distress
signals in the riccing and huddled beneath
@ canvas protection On Sunday ft began
to moderate and at ® o'clock that nicht the
friulier Pawnee, New York, for Mediterranean
ports, saw the Maplewood's signal fire and
took the men off. She later transferred them
to the schooner Reppard, which brought them
here The Maplewood, when abandoned, was
a little to the southward of the transatlantic
course and her natural drift would be in an
easterly direction. If ehe remains afloat she
will prove a dengerous menace to shipping
Bhe was valued at $18000 and her cargo at
$7,000; paruy insured

 

AUTO CATAFALQUE CAUSES PANIC,

Mourners, Bearers, Congregation Vilee When
It Moves Up the Alsio With Coffin,

Undertaker William J. McDebe of New Bruns
wick, N. J, has purchased an automonile cata-
falque. He introduced it for the firet time
yesterday at Metuchen at the funeral of Wil
liam Tighe, an old resident of the place, who
died at a sanitarium. The funeral was an-
pounced to be held at St. Francis's Church, and
a number of his former associates were ce

lected as pallbearers. One of the nallhearers
was John Hussey. Another was James Gil-

hooley. Still another was Willlom Waleh

Everything went well until the funeral pro-
ceasion reached the church. The body was
borne tato the vestibule, and at the foot of the.
narrowslsle McDebe sawin: lace theautomobile
eatafalque. His assistant had attended to the
necessary preliminaries. The hearers were
directedto deposit the coffin upon thecatafalque
Aisles in the largest of churche® are none teo
wide on some occasions, and McDebe thonght
he had solveda difficult problem.

“Fall in back of the coffin,” he said He
himself was directly behind it Mr. Hussey,
Mr Gilhooley and the reat of the pallbearers
obeyed the command MeDebe touched the
button of a concealed electric motor, and the |
catafalque began to move toward the altar
with its burden. Mr. Hussey, Mr Gilhooley
and Mr. Walsh cried out tn terror at the «pec-
tacle and tie congregation was thrown into
consternation. Mr. Hussey started for the
door. He was followed by the other pallbearers
by the mourners and by nearly everybody
else in the church except Father Graham,
who was waiting to read the funeral service

McDebe ran out on the lawns in front of the
church for the purpose of persuading those |
who had fled to return. It took him several! ;
minutes to subdue the panic which had been ,
caused by the automobile catafalque and to
make an explanation sufficiently convincing |
to bring the congregation back into the pews.

F Evans’ Ale and Stout
add a rest and smack that beget enjoyment —Aéa |

2 ee

| gtipman was powerless to do anything in time

N PRI

 

CAR KILLS VICAR-G

THE VERY REV. J. E. BARRY MEETS |
INSTANT DEAIH IN BROADWAY.

 

Strack by a Cable Car Near the Post Office
and His Life Crashed Out in Sight of Sev-
era! Hundred Persons—-Had Come From
New Hampshire to the De La Salle Triduam.

The Very Rev. John E. Barry, Vicordieneral
of the Diocese of Manchester, N. H., and rector
of St. John’s Catholic Church at Concord, N. H,
was struok and instantly killed by a Broadway |
cable car in front of the Astor House yesterday
afternoon, He was 64 years old

Vioar-General Barry, accompanied by the
Right Rev. Denia M. Bradley, the Bishop of
his diocese, the Rey. G. W. Murphy of Concord |
and the Rev. E. N. Callahan of Portsmouth, |
N. H,, came to this city on Tuesday to attend
the triduum at St. Patrick's Cathedral in evle-
bration of the canonization of St. Jean Bapti-te
De ta Salle, founder of the Brothers of the
Christian Schools. Fishop Bradiey assisted
at yesterday's j;ontitical mass which was 4
part of the second day's celebration Fathers
Murphy and Callahan were with Vic a@r-General
Barry when he was killed. The three church-
men had been over to Hoboken to call on a
niece of Father Murphy. ‘They returned to
the city on a Barclay street boat, walked up
Barclay street to Broadway and then walked
south to the entrance of the Astor Houses here |
they asked a passerby to direct them to a good |
restaurant, The man jcinted across Hroad- |
way to @ restaurant on Park row. The priesvs
stepped off the curb and started in the direction
indicated. But Vicar-General Parry turned
around first and bowed to the man who lad
given the information in acknowledgement of
the favor. ‘hen he started across Broadway |
a step or two behind his compantons. '

A northbound cable car was just passing,
Fathers Murphy and Callahan barely got out
of the way by breaking intoarun, ‘he Vicar-
General attempied to follow them but was
struck by the buffer on the ear, when midway
between the rails, and knocked down. The

to save the priest, although his car was going |
not fastet than four miles an hour and he man- |
aged to stop {t within elelit feet from where |
Vicar-General Brady was struck. But In
going those eleht feet the car crushed out
the Ilfe of the Vicar-General. When he went
down he fell on his back and lay stretched
out at full length at right ances to the rails,
The fender just in front of the forward truck
sived him from going under the wheels, but
struck him with suMctent force to break his
skull, several of hia ribs and an arm, When
the cat was finally stonped the body was wedged

Trackmen who were at work on the new
loop on the other side of the Post Office hurried
to the Broadway car with a inck and it wns
necesaary to use that under the forward end
of the cable car before the body could be taken
out.

There were about thirty passengers aboard
the car that Killed the Vicar General end they |
all rushed out and Joined the crowd of several
hundred who had witnessed the accident. It |
was just at the beginning of the afternoon
rush hour on lower Broadway—a few minutes
after 4 o'clock—when the clerks from the
Wall Street neighborhood were beginning to
go uptown, and fn the crowd of clerks and
shoppers were half a dozenor more priests he-
sides the two companions of the Vicar General.
Ther pressed forward and with Father Murphy
and Callahan and Detective Moody of the
Chureh street atation formed a circle about
the body on the pavement and kept back the
ecurtous, It wae too late for the churehmen
to administer extreme unetion, but Moody
raised the arms of the dead priest, which were
ontetretched above his head, and placed them
across hie body with the hands clasped

Tha body was taken to the Church street
police station and Bishon Bradley, who was
uptown, was informed of the death of his Vicar
General. The Bishop telephoned instructions
to Fathers Murphy and Callahan to take
charge of the body. They secured a permit
from the Coroner and then had the body re-
moved from the police station to Moody's
undertaking rooms at 95 Greenwich street
It will be sent to Concord to-day

George Miller, the gripman on the car, was
arrested and locked up in the Macdougal
etreet station

Coxcorn, N. AW, Nov 14 —All the city mourns
the «eath of Viear-General Barry. He was
kindly to all and his acquaintance embraced
people of all classea outelde of the faith he
nobly exemplified and taught. Two weeks
aco he was atricken with sorrow by the death
of a faithful ister, who had cared for his house-
hold, ever since he came to Conoord tn 1845
and woe taking a brief rest away from his |
church when he met hia death

Father Barry was born tn Eastport, Me.
Re attended the public achools and afterward
went to the Academy of St John, in New
Brunswick, and from there to Holv Cros Co)-
lege and the Montreal Grand Serninary. He
was ordained to the priesthood In the Cathedral
at Portland, Me., by Bishop Bacon in 1864, and
after a brief curacy at Portland war sent to
this citv ne resident pastor He built al
church which he named St. John’s and a reo- |
tory, then the Sacred Heart School and Con- |
vent, and a memorial arch at the entrance |
to the cemetery Tle visited Europe in 1874,
and on the return vovage personally attended
Bishop Bacon, who died in New York soon after
reaching this country. For nearly a year
after the Bishop's death Father Borry adminis-
tered the affairs of the diocese of Portland
and the title of Viear-General was bestowed
upon hirn after his temporary acting Pishopric

Eleven vears ago his allver jubilee of con- |

|
fast beneath the fender. | ‘

|

|

sect ition was celebrated In this city and ecom- |
Snuniteanta of all churches attended the cere-
monies Pontifieal high masp was sung by
Archbishop Williams of Boston Father Rarry
received as a gift from his loving people at
this time a purse of $1,200 in gold

MINERS,

KILLEN TWO UNION

 

 

 

Former Depaty Sheriff Got the Drop on Them
After They Had Drawn Revoivers,

Tacoma, Wash. Nov. 14--A despatch from
Gem, Idaho, says that two union miners were
killed there by former Deputy Sheriff Dick
Adams last nicht) The dead miners are Wil-
liam Kennedy and Daniel Kildee. Bad blood
has existed between ther and Adarns since the
Caur d Alene riote of two years ago, when
Adams in his official capacity dixpleased them
They pad threatened to kill him and last night
are said to hove started out with the intention
of killing him before morning Both men were
fully armed and | 4d been drinking somewhat
when they found Adame at midnieht in Dick-
aon'ss loon hennedy started to shoot Adama
but before his rife wns fairly levelled Adams
whipped out his revolver and sent a bullet
throuch Kennedy's brain With Hehtning |
r P dity he woes ted the same performance on |
Kildee, who bad drawn his revolver Both
men died instantly Adams then gave himself |
|

up
Needav the Coroner's Jury exonerated him,
finding that he killed both men in ael!-defenee

Mall Wagon Siorse Holts Thrvegh a Wirdow.

A hora’ drawing « mail wacon war 'r ght-
ened by the cong of a cab!: car whil) the wagon
was being loaded at Sub-station Po on store
atree!, last night and belted to Broad street,
The horee cashed across Broad street and
through a» plate glass window of the hare:
shop of co Wel. It wae ony stonped by
not being able to draw the wagon through the |
window to» The hore was vacked ut, badiy |
cut by the broken glass.

 

Great Golf Game

at Van Cortlandt Park next Saturday.

Hatry Ver. |
don wil play at 10°00 a, M, and 12:30 P. M —Ade

Lett Bilbo 6

“a

NTING AND PUBLISHI
ENERAL, | vo MORE INSURANCE I

| The Port Limon fire,

| the ea ly partof the play andthey h dt» ge

trip previous to that
\*

> are the only ale and stout without sediment —Ada

‘onaememtiniiats meena takeied

NG ASSOCIATION.

The President Bantehes All Compantes—Recent |
Fires Atiribated to Overinsurance.

New Orveans, La, Nov. 14—-As a result
of the recent fire in Port Limon, Costa Rica,
the Costa Rican President, Yelesias, has issued
a decree the like of which has never been known
before in any country, or at any jeriod in the
past Holding the Port Linion fire to have been
the work of men who were overinsured, the
Presidential decree positively prohibita any
fire insurance company from doing business
in Costa Rica. The terma of the prohibition
admit of no evasion The action la based upon
the maxim that an ounce of prevention is worth
a pound of cure
if there had been no insurance carried by Port |
limon merchants there would have been no |
fire Ifis action has long heen meditated, |
owing to several serious conflagrations whieh |
originated in San José business establishments. |

which also began in the |
busineas section, merely furnished the pes
upon which the decree is hung

The decree orders that the buildings erected
to replace those destroyed in the Port Limon
biave shall be constructed of fireproof ma-
terial, brick and corrugated tron. Further,
the decree provides (hat within the perlod of
two years, every frame building now standing
in Port limon must be replaced by a fireproof
etructure.

‘Tue President holds that |

 

CROKER IS NOT AT ALL WELL

 

 

And Is Going to Carisbad for the Baths Whea
lle Gets to Europe.

When the Hon. Richard Croker satls from
this country on Saturday for Europe he will
go at once to Carisbad for the benefit of his
health, Mr. Croker has worked very hard
since his return to this country In the summer
and the strain under which he has been has
shown itself in his general health, which is not
as robust as his friends could wish, Mr Croker
sald Jast evening that he wasn't at all eure
that he should make any statement in reward
to political matters before he went to Europe,
and that be didn't know that it wes necessary
for him to say anything about anything. Cer-
tainly, he said, he had notling to say last nigit

Just before Mr. Croker safled for Europe last
fall he was afflicted by a severe attack of car-
buncles on the back of the neck which caused
him much pain. Heobtatned relief only through
an operation. No symptoms of such an un-
pleasant nature have manifested tiiemselves
lately, but Mr Croker'’s stomach, which was
never strong, has caused him considerable
uneasiness. Mr. Croker’s friends do not know |
when le will return to this country, |

 

PUT HIS SON'S EYE OUT,

 

Serioas Ontcome of an Effort to Chastise a |
Refractory Bov.

Fast OnaNGE, N.J., Nov.14.—Arthur Maryon,

9 years old, the son of E. A. Maryon of 164 North

Grove street, was sent home by his teacher

yesterday afternoon. He hung about |
'

| gtreets, where he was found by his father, who
' took him home and prepared to punish him.

Mr. Maryon had a small stick and as he was
about to whip hia son with {t the boy fell onthe
floor, which was highly polished. The stick
was broken and a fragment entered the right
eveofthelad.

Several New York ocullsts came to East
Orange and an operaifon was performed. It
was found necessary to remove the eye.

 

BABY FOUND ASLEEP IN CHURCH.

 

Left There in the Afterncom and Picked Up
by the Pastor in the Evening.

The Rev. Charles Schlegel, pastor of the
Lutheran Reformed Church at 357 East Sizty-
eighth street, while walking through the church
after it opened last night before be began ser-
vices, saw what he thought wre a bundle of
white clothing {n one of the pews in the back
of the church, near the door. He went to pick
up the supposed bundle and was eur) rised to
find that it wae a aix-months-old girl baby.

' The child was sound asleep.

He carried the baby around to the East Sixtr-

| eeventh atreet station, where it was sent to

the Infant's ward {n Bellevue Hospital. There
were no marke of any kind on the baby’s cloth-
ing. The church was open for worshippers |
in the afternoon and it {s not known how long
the child had been in the pew

 

NO DEATH PRVALTY IV INDIANA?

Taw Passed in 1809 Which Some Think
Abolished Capita! Panishment.
INDIANAPOLIS, Nov. 14—'lhe discovery was
made to-day that the legisiature of i8e7 in-
advertently abolished capital punisiment tn
Indiana by the law of 1807, which aneea |
tho State Prison South'to the Indiana Reforma- |
tory. Before that law was passed the statutes |

provided that Gimlaue under the sentence
of death should be axeented efther in the State
Prison South, at Jeffersonville, or the State |
Prison North, at Michigan Cit, depending on |
the situation of the county where the prisoner
was semenced. When tie Indiana Reforma-
tory law was d the State Prison South

DAs®
| was changed to the Indluna Reformatory, and
ithe State Prigon Sorth was chance

to the
Indiana State Prison, eo that there ls no penl-
tentliry in wiieh to put ortridnals to death,
as provided by the statute. Consequently, |
having no place tn whi) to kfll them, as pro-
vided by toe statute, the Inw providing for
capital puaishment, {te is held, becomes tne
operative. !

CARPENTER GOT NEIMENSOLE'S WINE.

 

Landed With It In the Police Station~ Another
Galion Sen: For,

Oneof the cuties of the prepertvy man at
Wallack’s Theatre during the encagement of
Miss Nethersole in “Bapho'™ iste provide a cal-

    

lon of elo -etfor use in the table scene in the
third .¢ Real claret hea heen ee ecuues
the vctress does rot like tea Last nigatG
Beownell of 481 Weat) Tricty-fourth stree

» &
demifoho in

stage e rrenter, ect hold of the

rovetpore wine for the stage. Brownell got

hileriovs and wee arrested

 

FIRT IN THE CORFAN PALACE.

 

 

Genctoary of the Imperial Family Has Been
Destrovet.

Victor, B.C, Nov. 14 —Advices received
from Scoul report that on Oct. 14 fire s.\arted in
the palsc: of the Emperor of Corea acd come.
pletely devroved the sauctuary where the re-
moins and mortuary table « of the In:pertal
faniiy were kept. The fire raved for three
hours
The residentiol portion of the palace auffered
slightiv. ‘The cause of the fir’ was ot known

 

Fxpected to Re Sometbing Like 450,030 at
This Port ina Year.

The imrmigrat.on to thie port, accor) ng ‘oan
eatinvite mad at toe Barge OMeoe, has averaged
about one thousand « day since July i. it ie
thought that the to‘al imnigratio for the
pre ent fise Lye r. ending June a) 1901, will be
above 450,000, which will be the lore st nflux
o home-eek roosunce 1892) Mostof the tnomi-
vrints are from Southern Europe, the largest
nuinber being Italians

|

wa \

IMMIGRATION VERY HAvy,
'

 

Ocean Wace Between Four Schooners,

Fans. Riven, Mass, Nov 14--Four three-
masted schooners, the Ralph M Havward, the |
Grace Seymour, the Emilie BE. Birdsall and the |
Eari P. Mason, sailed from tiis port to-day for
VPhiladelpiia and there is every prospect of a
lively race going down the coast Much rivalry |
exists Lerween the captains for the records of |
ehort tring, and many races have been hed, but
this {< the first time the four have ever got away
tovether On the iast trl: to thi city the Hay |
war! ond Se mour had t nip and tuck all the |
way from Philatelphia, the former winning by
five hours. The Sevmour held the record for the

 

Evans’ Ale and Siout

a.

N COSTA RICA, | $3,000,000 FROM CARNEGIE

| youth of the elty,

| ing the disappes.rance of St

 

Patr to-day and to-morrow,

 

 

PRICE TWO CENTS. %

 

 

IRONMASTER TO ENDOW A POLYe
TECHNIC SCHOOL IN PITTSBURG,

Ie Will Be Called the Carnegte Institate ond
May Adjoin the Carnegie Library in Pitts-
barg—‘r. Carnegie Inspecting the Great
Plant That He Has Developed in That City.

PITTSBURG, Pa., Nov. 14--Andrew Car-

negie has decided to establish in Pittsburg
a polytechnic school on which he will spend

| $3,000,000, for building and endowment, for the

mechanteal and technical education of the
The school when founded
is to be called Carnegie Institute, and wiil
likely be bullt Just west of the Institute bulld-
ings. For some time the Carnegie Library
has been collecting a number of rare works
on technical subjects. Many valuable volumes
are now in theinstitution and others are on the
way from Europe. It ts presumed that this
collection will be an adjunct to the proposed
school

Plans for the institution were informally dis-
cussed at a moeting of a number of the friends
of Mr. Carnegie yesterday afternoon at the
office of W. N. Frew, President of the Board of
Trustees of the Carnegie Library. Mr. Frew
will give a dinner t morrow evening t Mr.
Carnewie and the trustees and heads of the
library and the inatitute at the Hotel Schenley.
The needs of the library will then be considered.
Mr. Carnegie will make an address in which
he is expected to make known some pleasaut
eurprises. The proposed actentifie echool will
be discussed. That Mr. Carnezie favore tech-
nical echools is shown by the fact that he
donated $25),99) to the polytechnic schow
at Birmingham, Eng., and $59,909) to one at
Dunferniline, Sectland

Pittwbur@ men close to Mr. Carnegie hinted
to-day that bis plans In the way of benefactions
to this city are stupendous. They do not heat-
tate to eay it is their conviction that he intends
to make the Carnegie Inetitute the greatest
institution of the kind tn the world. All that
he intends to do may not be disclosed at present,
but enough has been dropped by him to show!
that his plans are beyond anything that has’
been mentioned.

Mr. Carnegie, accompanied by a number,
of the officials of the Carnegie Steel Company/
made a trip this morning to the works of the
company on the south side of the Mononga-
hela River. The visit today will result in «
decision to branch out into other lines of manu-
facture and alo the selection of eltes for the
new mills. Mr. Carnegie and George lauder,
of whom Mr. Carnegie is a guert, went to the
residence of President C. M. Schwab, and the
three took a car on the Monongahela Street Ra il-
way to the Homestead Bteel Works, where
they were joined by Henry Phipps, Jr., John
Walker and several other officials and directors
of the Carnegie interests. They at once went
to the office of W. E. Corey, general superin-
tendent of the Homestead works. The works
were inspected. Most of the time was apent
{n the new open-hearth departments, the Rethle-
hem plate mills and the armor-plate depart-
ment. The trip was made on a car which
was run through the worke on the Union Rail-
road.

From Homestead they went along the river
front on the railroad to the Howard Axle Works
in West Homestead. This was Mr. Carnegie's
first view of this works as well as of the three
plate mills. which were all erected since he
was at the works two yeare ago. The company
owns 200 acres of the finest manufacturing
land in the Monongahela Valley. This was
walked over, and its advantages as a place
for the erection of new mille was pointed ou'.
The matter of building there will be decided
upon at a meeting to be held by the steel com-
pany before Mr. Carnegie leaves.

After leaving the axle plant luncheon was
nerved at the Carnegie Hotel. The two new
furnaces of the Garrie group were viewed. ‘Tie
special car was run across the hot metal bridge
which was completed two weeks ago and which
connects the Homestend steel works and the
QGarrie furnaces. The two new stacks are the
largest in the world. One will be ready to be
blown in about Jan. 1. The arrangements for
carrying molten metal from it t the Home-
stead plant were closely inspected. The trip
to the Duquesne Steel Works was made lata
in the afternoon. J. E. Schwab, general
manager of the Duquesne plant, joined the
party, The series of twelve open hearth fur-
naces, now in course of construction, were
examined. The party also went to the Oliver
Bal! Park, where the merchant bar mill and the
sheet niill plant are to be built. ‘

The necessity of building these mills has
been understood by Mr. Carnegie for some
time. The formation of the big consolidations
has cut off many purchasers of raw ateel. of
which the Carnegie oompany has been a great
producer, and the concern ts now confronted
with the necessity of bullding finistiing mills
to consume ite great output of steel. Suc
plants other than for the making of sheets and
merohant bars are contemplated. The West
Homestead property will he utilized for the
bullding of mills within a short time.

The Carnegie Steel Company has contracted
with the New American Bridge Company to
supply 75 per cent. of the steel needed for bridge
building during a term of years. The contract
{s made on the same basis as that made witb
the Prossed Steel Car Company. The Car-
nexle company refused to sell ite Keystone
Bridve plant until an agreement was reached
on the furnishing of material. The Carnegte
company has used the Keystone Bridge Com
pany to erect all its own bridges and steal
structural buildings. This werk will be turned
over to the American Bridge Company. The
Carnegie company has built more steel bridges
end bridges during the last five years thaa
any other concern In the world. .

Tie report is again rife that a movement is
on foot to mer@e the Carnegie Company, Fed-
era] Stee] Company and American Steel and
Wire Compan An attemp* was made last
wear to combine the lirger steel-producing
companies, H.C. Frick, acting for a s)ndi-
cate, samired an option on the Carnegie Com-
pans, and for the option he paid $1,000,000.
The money was forfeited, and the con.pany
sortly after reorganized at a greater cap-

italization. It ie now said thet the great igon
ma-ter looks favorably on the former con-
solid ton scheme cf Mr. Frick, with nod-
ifeation that the Carnegie Company ehall
Lreerve its autonomy end shall purchase a
controlling Interest in the other two combina-

tiers
If Mr. Carnegie etabiiches a $8.00, ly -
technic school the total amount he will bare
pent on that sepool and the Carnegie Librerr
and Inetitute. after the additions to the inst-
tute have been bullt, will be about $8,000,000.

 

TEXAS SHERIFF DISAPPEARS,
Arrest of Three Men on Suspicion of Causing
Mis Death.

GALVESTON, Tex., Nov. 14.—Iee Kennedy and
Robert jleyman are in jall here and Cart. Wil-
liam Kennedy {sin jafl in Houston charged wit:
being responalble for the death or disappear-
ance of Bheriff Prost of Chambers county, who
on last Saturday was at the hunting preserves
of Col. W. L. Moody on I.oke Surprise. where he
had gone to serve a writ of Gispromsension on
Capt. Kennedy, father of lee Kennedy, No
trace of the Sheriff hae been discovered alnoe he
started to serve the writ) His horse wae found
near where he wae last seen and thix gives oolor
to the theory Chat the Sheriff met with foul play.
The vrrest of the young men on information
charging them with the crime will, tt ls bellewed,
lead to the solution of the myery surround-

veri! Frost.

 

Where to Find Good Liquors—
om Places where Carl H. Schults’s waters ave ext.