j
j
j

 

 

DRBSSMWAKER SAYS SHE PAID DEP-
UTY SURVE)OR DOWLING 8200.

ngtSaye It's a Lie and Is Backed Up by
oie Croft, Who Says the Story Has
Been Investigated =—Theodald Produces
the Dresemaker’s Statement ima Court.
That the Government had In its possession a
emitten confession of Elizabeth Shanahan,
dressmaker, accusing Deputy Surveyor Daniel
E. Dowling of taking bribes to let her smuggle
goods inte this port, came out yesterday after-
noon at the first hearing of Miss Shanahan
before United States Commigstoner Shields
on the charge of emugsiing, on which it is
proposed to remeve her to New Jersey for triai.
The confession was obtained by Spectal Cus-
tome Employee Wiliam H. Theobald of the
Collector’s office, and came ont not on her
direct examination, but on bis orose-examina-
tion by W. M. K. Oleott, counsel for Mise Shana-
han. In the confession Miss Shanahan states
that she gave Dowling 9100 to pam 4a trunk
last September and thet on two previous occas-
fons she had paid him 660.
Deputy Surveyer Dewling sald: “I shall
probably have a good deal to say later on.
Just at present, however, there are only two

things I want to etate very clearly. In the.

first place, I wish to deny in tote every allega-
tion contained in the so-called confession of
Miss Shanahan. Furthermore, [ want to say
this whole affair fs @ oonsplracy, hatched to
injure me because I would not be used in black-
mailing passengers on the pier. [ hope things
have reached a point now where the truth
will be demanded. I am not afraid of the
truth.”

Allas 0. Croft, the Burvevor of the Port, said:

*The newspapers have heard only one side |
‘a non-recurring extra expenditure and to

of the story asyet. Weknew af this confession
and the charges it made against Mr Dowling
and thoroughly investigated the matter We
are perfectly satisfied with the result Mr
Dowling has not been auependad or evan rep-
rimanded. In due time our alde will be told in
court. Weare not ready yet to tell whatitis”

Miss Shanahan landed in Jersey (ity from
the Auguste Victoria on Sept. 7. She had
declared that her baggage consisted of two
trunks and a valise and that none of them
contained any dutiahle articles. At the pier
only one trunk and the valise were found by the
inspector, The other trunk had somehow
disappeared. That same evening, at 10 o’clock,
Theobald, as he testified veaterdar, called
at Miss Shanahan’s home at 11 Fast Forty-
eixth street, When he rang the doorbell the
Mghta were put out one by one. He rang the
bell until midnight. At midnight Mias Shana-
han herself let him in and he found and seized
the missing trunk

It was understood at the time that a siened
confession was obtained from Miss Shanahan
implicating some Custom House officials,
but in his direct testimony Theobald sald
nothing of it. Mr. Olcott, however, brought
up the subject early in his cross-examina-
tion and with evident reluctance Theobald
admitted that he did have such a confession
with him. Commissioner Shields, on thie,
ordered Theobald to hand it over to the Court

and put it among the records of the case, Then
Br. Bicote put some further questions to Theo-

“Did vou not secure this confession by prom-
faing the defendant that it would not be used
to incriminate her?” he asked

“No, I did not.”

“Did vou not use threats to compel this de-
fendant to sign that starement?”

“No, I did not

“Did von not <n@gest what she should put
into the confession?” ;

Theobald hesitated for some little time he
fore he anewered thie question and finally

sonded slowly in the negative. Almost
Immnedt ataly afterward, however he said that
Be ished °0 emend hie anewer to the question
and gualify the negative a little

when Mie Shanahan asked me if T wanted
her to put in the confession the amount of
money she had paid to Dewling I told her to
put it all down

The Government rested ita once when Mr
Oloott was through with his cross-examination

dan adiournment wae then taken until next

‘ednee dav.
win stated later in the afternoon that no

stion had heen taken as vet against Dowling
for 3 alleged connection with the case. The

not vet been reported to the

idence has
Treasury Department at Washington.

THE CZAK IS QUITE ILL

Typhoid Has Developed and There Is Anrtety
as to Ais Condition.
Spertal Cable Despatches d THR STN.

Ar. Perensnrna, Nov. 14—The fact that
the Czar, who is sojourning at Livadia, tn
south Russia, was enffering from influenza
waa first announced on Nov 8 The disease
was pursulng ite normal course, with the ex-
ception that his Masesty had recurrent sweats
His condition csused no anxiety, but yester-
day typhoid developed. A bulletin tssued
this morning said that he had passed a good
night, and that his general condition was satis-
factory. His temperature was 191.6 and pulse
72.
factory.

COPENHAGEN, Nov 14—The Empress
Dowuver of Russia, mother of the Czar, who
ia visiting her parents at Fredenaborg, ie very

 

ALLEGED CUSTOMS BRIBERY |

|

Acaistant District Attorney Balde .

His head was clear and his atrength satis- —

anxious over the reports from Livadia concern- |

tne the condition of her son The news re-
ceived t~dny was more reassuring, but Grand
Puke Michael, the heir presumptive to the
Ruasian throne, who Is also at Fredenabore,
proposes to start for home immediately

 

BOTWASAIDTO HAVE OFFERED TERNS

Berghers of Johannesburg Predict That the
Fad of the War Is Near.
Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN.

Lowpon, Nov. 14.—No official news has been
received from South Africa since Gen. Roberts's
Gespatch of Nov. 12, in which he sald that the
Boer commandoes appeared to be acting inde-
pendently, with no particular object except
to oause the British as much annoyance as
possible. A press telegram seni from Pre-
toria te-day aaye that a recent appeal by Gen
Joubert’s widow to Commandant-Genera! Botha
induced him to send his terms of surrender
to Gen. Roberts. The burghers of Johannes-
bure predict that the end of the war is near.
@tatementes similar to the foregoing have been
frequent. The report cannot be accepted
until it le confirmed.

The Portuguese Government has telegraphed
te Lorenzo Marques depriving Mr. Pott, the

 

Transvaal Consul there, of hisexequatur. The |

grep ie based on grave reasons.

 

BOER TREK STARTED.

 

Bevera) Hundre@d Families Said to Have
Cressed the Frontier.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,
Loxpor, Nov. 15.—The Berlin correspondent
of the Morning Poet, referring to the alleged
Boer trek into German territory in southwest
Africa, quotes newspapers to the effect that
several hundred Boer families have already
orossed the frontier, The German Colonial

@ffice hopes that they will prove a valuable |

economic secession, but it stipulates that
the German obaracter of the colony must not
be jeopardized. The immigrants wil! pe re
quired to undertake obedie.ice to German laws
and to promise that their children will be-
come German subjects

 

The Gelderiand at Suez
Special Cable Despatch to THE Su
Carmo, Nov. 144.—The Dutch warship Gelder-
land, on which ex-Preaident Kriiger is travel-
ling, artived at Suez this morning

Neo Leontés Seen tn London.
Special Cadle DespatcA to THE StN
Loxpon. Nov. 18.—The watchers for
Leonids, oF shooting star:, were disappointed
jast night
the nigbt, except at brief intervals, when ro
celestial phenomenon could be «een

 

Firedamp Exp rsiou at Wisa.
Special Cadie Despatch to Tur SUN
Barx, Bohemia, Nov. 14 —There were two
explosions of firedamp in the Pluto mine at
Wisa to-day, Thirteen persons were killed
and nineteen injured

The sky was clouded throuchout |

the |

GERMAN REICHSTAG OPENED.

William Says the Outrages in Ching
Have United Ali Nations.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,

Beritn, Nov 14--In his epeech on opehing
the Reichstag to-day Emperor Willfam said
that fanatical hate and dark superstition,
spurred on by unscrupulous advice to the Court,
had misled the Chinese into the atrocities of
Inst summer The news of the murder of the
German Minister, Baron von Ketteler, the Em-
peror said, had united all nations, which other-
wise would be separated, and the only desire
of the Powers now was to restore order in
the country, punish the guilty and prevent a
repetition of such outrages. He regretted that
it was impossible to convoke the Reichstag
at the time of the outbreak, but it was then
impracticable to state the probable cost of
the operations Now, he was confident, the
Reichstag would agree to the expenditure neces-
sary to protect Germany's interests and honor

Referring to the assassination of King Hum-
bert, the Emperor said:

“With affection and sorrow I recall the mem-
ory of my ally and dear friend Humbert, who,
in the exercise of his royal office, fell a victim
to a damnable outrage.”

The Emperor said that more abundant funda

 

 
  
    

' million gallons were wasted

would henceforth be devoted to every branch |

of life in the Empire, especially for the defence
of the workingmen and in defence of the coun-
try. A customs tariff, he said, would probably
be presented to the Federal Council during
the present session.

The Emperor epenad the session of the
Reichstag in person at noon.

The budget estimates which were submitted
to-day place the balanee in hand at 2,240,047,801
marks. The permanent expenditure amounts
to 1,012,808,604 marks. The Chancellor is em-
powered to raise 07,286,000 marks to meet

not to exceed 175,000,000
strengthening the

issue treasury bills
marks for the purpose of
working capital.

The smallness of the Knights’ Hall where
the opening ceremony took place, and the
presence of the Emperor's suite and the numer-
ous princes and dignitaries, prevented the
diplomata trom attending the functicn, Jour-
nalista were absolutely excluded. The opinion
of the epeech, apart from the press, is that it
was disappointing. It was curiously brief,
and gave none of the information that was
awaited with eo much interest.

 

TRANSATLANTIC STEAMSHIP DEAL.

Statement That the Morgans Are Interested tn
the Proposed Consolidation.
Special Cadle Despatch to THE SUN.
Lonpon, Nov. 14.—It is stated that the Mor-
gans of London and New York are certainly

 

A MILLION-GALLON LEAK.

BURST WATER MAIN FLOODS THE
OLD RESERVOIR SITE.

 

 

Twelve Feet of Water in the Excavation for
the New Library Ballding’s Foand tions
at Forty-second Street—The Water Flowed
In From a Broken Main in the Street,

The foundations for the new building of the

New York Public Library on the site of the old

reservoir at Forty-second street and Fifth

avenue were inundated vesterday morning
by the breaking of a 48-inch water main in

Forty-second street The water got into the

excavations through an old) drain which led

from the reservoir to the street. It rushed in
in such great volume that it flowed over the
foundation walls inte the street, which Was soon

flooded. It was estimated that more than a

Just what caused

the break is not known It was said that a

heavy blast had been set off by the workmen

a few minutes before the flow of water was

discovered, but this was denied by the con-

tractors for the work on the library building

Little damage was done by the water, although

if the excavation for the library building had

not acted as a reservoir the houses along Forty-
second street niust have suffered severely.

Trae on the street was delayed for nearly

an hour and it will be two days before work

can be resumed on the library building There
will be no diffleuity in getting the water out of
the excavation as just as soon as the broken
main had been shut off it began to flow out
through the drain it had come in by

The break occurred about 10 o'clock. Some
laborers had been cleaning out a four-foot
egg-shaped drain which connects with a sewer

| running through Forty-second street to Sixth

' avenue

| thaished

interested in the proposed consolidation of |

several transatlantic steamship lines
ager lorrie of the Atiantio Transport Company
told a correspondent of Trak Stun to-day that
the deal was still in a most unsettled state.
He sald the report that the International Navi-
gation Company was the purchaser of the At-
lantio Transport Compaiy was q lite incorrect.
The deal, he added, would not affect the Lon-
don Tranaport Company except indirectly.
He refused to indicate what other interests
would be affected.

No confirmation of the report from Baltimore
of a pending purchase of the Atlantic Transport
line by the International Navigation Company
could be obtained yesterday Alexander Brown
of the banking house of Alexander Brown & Co,
however, who was reported to be interested
in the deal, adnitted that some sort of
amalgaination was in prospect. He would
not give out any details

President Baker of the Atlantic Transport
line is now in this city, but he said yesterday
he had nothing to say regarding the report
James A. Wright, Jr, manager of the Interna-
tional Navigation Company, said that he knew
nothing of any such deal. The International
Navigation Company controls the Red Star
and American lines

 

THE SPANISH-AMERICAN CONGRESS.

Delegates Received by the King and Quecn
Regent of Spatn.

Special Cable Lespatch to THe SUN.

Mapnrip, Nov. 14.—The members of the
Spanish-American Congress were received by
the Queen Regent and the King yesterday.
The eittings of the Congress have occupled
two days, and have not resulted in any posi-
tive engagements between the countries rep-
resented. The debates have been of an
academical character. The delegates from
the South and Central American republics
only indorsed platonic expressions of reward
for the motherland and a desire to develop
their relations with Spain.

 

Man- |

na
(nied by

The most interesting discussions were on |

the queations of emigration and arbitration.
The American delegates welcomed a sugges-
tion looking to mutual action to divert toward
the republics the emigration which now mostly
goes to Cuba, Porto Rico and Algeria. The
Amerieans were inclined to indorse The Hague
arbitration principles, but eventually acqui-
exoed in the Spanish recommendations for a
permanent court of arbitration to settle all
disputes obligatorily. The official delegate
of Peru proposed an addition that any State
not accepting the court's ruling should be
outlawed and coerced by the others. This
was not adopted.

CHAMBERLAIN'S RELATIVES TO SUE.

Resent the Attack Made Puring the War tn
South Africa.
Special Cable Desnatch to THR SUN

Lowpon, Nov. 14 —Mr. Arthur Chamberlain,
brother of the Secretary of State forthe Colonies,
and the former's son, Neville Chamberlain,
are about to sue the London Star for alleged
libel growing out of the attacks made by the
paper upon the companies in which Messrs.
Arthur and Neville Chamberlain are inter-
ested. These attacks were made in connection
with contracts seeured by the companies to
supply munitions of war to the Government.
The Star has been mentioned in connection with
the persistent attacks made upon Joseph
Chamberlain, the Colonial Secretary.

KILLED WATCHING A BULLFIGHT,

 

 

 

Stand Collapses With Fatal Resuite to Twelve
and Injuries to Many.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN

Maprin, Nov.14—Tweive peraons were killed
and 200 injured by the collapse of a stand dur-
ding a bullfight organized by female toreador
at Pedreguer, Province of Alicante, yesterday

The accident occurred at dusk. The panic
caused by the falling of the stand was inereased
by a tortured bull charging the strnegling
people One boy was gored by the maddened
animal The work of taking the Injured out
of the wrecknae vas slow and difficult, owing
to the incressing darkness and the few torches
that were available

The stand which collapsed wos of the most
flimeay nature, it having been improviscd of
carta and loose timbers. Some of the sullerera
were plerced by large splinters.

 

The Prairie at Havre
Special Cade Dematch to THR SUN
Havre, Nov. 4 —The United states
iliary cruiser Prairie arrived here to-day

aux-

Paobite Library Trastees Meet.
The Board of Trustees of the Ne
lie LAbrary, Astor, Ti ena dien x Fou dation,
held te regular monthly meeting yesterday «f-
ternoon atthe Astor ibrar A le ter fren
Mile M. O'Brien, President of the Bosrdof Bou-
cat on, sucresting A scheme forthe esta
men'of branch libranes in the puble <cho
which Would be useful incertain studie., «as
referred tothe Pxrecut ve Conmimit ee

Stops the (ough and
Works Off the Cold,
Laxative Bromo Quinine Cah ets cure a cold in one
day NocCure NoPay Price25 cents.-—Adre

As to Lots, Plots or Farms,
Rewers Of sik SUN a.Wass know hea a

Good thing is prese ited, Lot (hem know wat
you have to ofe by using ibe advertising

, Columns. —Ade

York Pube |

This drain is 200 feet from Fifth
avenue and is on a level with the foundation
of the library building. The men had about
their work When the water burst
through this drain Its forca was terrifie
and it waa with difficulty that the men got out
of its range fhe inclosure made by_the
foundation walls is abont 180 by 400 feet
space was covered by a foot of water within
a tew seconds ‘The water rose quickly until
it crept up to the top of the foundation walls,
Which are about twelve feet high. Edward
Lentilbon, a brother of the con-
tractor who ia erecting the walls, had,
in the meantime, rughed to a_ telephone
and informed the Water Department of
the break, (htef Engineer Birdsall with a gang
of men immedtately started for the scene,
When they arrived the water had overflowed
the walis and there was a roaring torrent in
the street. The conduits of the electric road
were flooded and the ears had to be atonped
east of Fifth avenue and west of Sixth arene
A trench is being dug on the north aide of Forty-
second street, and an embankment of dirt
had been thrown up on the side of it, ao that
the water did not reach the sidewalk on that
side of the atreat, The flood, however, had
risen to the sidewalk on the south side and it
flowed as far down as the park to the west of
the reservoir A stream apurted from a man-
hole in the eentre of the street, but this was
the only place where it came through the aur-
face, Theontlet for the water from the broken
matn seamed ta he entirele thraugh the drain
There are three water mains in Forty-see-
ond street, the 4%inch one and two of «ix
inches diameter. The 48-inch main is a
preseure one and Chief Engineer
ordered it shutoff Inaschoert time the waterin
the street andintheexcavation forthe library
building began te recede. The Water Depart-
ment people w il dig ur. the street to-day to rae
pair the break and until that ts done the rasi-
dents in the neimhborheed will be supplied
hy waterfromthe. ix-inch mains. Contractor
Tentilhen is eonfident that the wells have
not bean undermined or Infured in any way
and that the only damage to hiz work fa the
loss of about fif'y dollars’ worth of cement.

UPROAR IN A MILITARY INSTITUTE,

 

Students Rebel Against the Principal and
Dack Him tn the Horse Trough.

Kearney, Neb, Nov. 14-An_ interesting
situction has developed at the Kearney Milltary
In-titute. For a week the place has been tn
an uproar, with half of the students stopping
at the hotels of the city and the officials on the
point of fighting. To-day Bishop Groves in-
terfered, deposed the head of the tnetitute,
the Rev. Dr. Chittenden, and placed Prof.
Harry Russell in charge. Phe uproar is said
to be the culmination of a series of rows between
the etudents and the head of the institute.
The Kearney Military Institute is an aristo-
cratic place for the training of Western youths
under the care of the Episcopal Church, There
are 1009 young men there, and the spacious
grounds include three fine buildings.

The rebellious boys becaine exasperated
at Dr. Chittenden, so the students say, and
ducked bim in the horse trough. The duck-
{ng, however, is disputed by the doctor,
although {ft is vouched for by several studenta,
who assert that the ducking took place on
Soturday night, a crowd of the rebels catchin
the doctor as he was crossing the parade ground,
On Monday the four ringleadere were expelled
and fifty of the bows quit the school in a body

a protest hey were accompa.
Prof Russell who, while die
claiming any intention of upholding rowdyis:n,
insisted that the bovs had not been treated
rig) t. Bishop Groves hurried to the city and
held a preliminary investigation and Dr. Ov {t-
tenden resigned. Prof. Russell was placed in
ehargn and the whole ont %t of voung rebels
then returned tothe institute, the expelled
here alone with the reet. Friends of Prof
Riesell charge that Dr. Chittenden threatened
him with violence and made a demorestration,
but did not carry it to the paint of striking the
principal. Dr. Chittenden standa high in the
church of the Weet and is well known as a
teacher in Eplseopal circles.

 

MR. ROOT TO AUNT IN CUBA,

 

Leaves Havana With Governor General Weod
for Batabano,
Special Cable Despatch to THER Su~,

Havana, Nov. 14.—Secretary of War Root, his
son and Governor General Wood and Mesars.
Greble, Boker and Frve left Havana at 8 o'clock
this morning and proceeded by train to Bata-
bano, whenee they will proceed by eteamer to
Clenfuegos and other places along the south eoast
of the island. Mr Horatio Rubens, a member
of the Finance and Land commissions, and
two secretaries accompanied the party to Bata-
bano. Mr. Root has as yet seen none of the
Havana officiale

The party took shotguns, rifles and fishing
tackle with them, from which it is adduced that
they have gone ona sporting trip. They made
no definite statements as to their plans. They
will use the Viking and Kanawala during their
trip.

147H INFANTRY BACK

Regiment Returns from [ts Service in China
~—Cenesorship Removed,

 

IN MANIIA.

Special Cahle Despatch to THR SUN,

ManiLa, Nov. 1s, 12:30 P.) M.-—The censor-
Bhip on despatchesto the United States has been
removed

The army tranenort Warren arrived to-day
from China with the Fourteenh Infantry. The
men areineserilent healthand have vattlr im-
proved bythe rexperience, The Fourteenth,
undercommand of Col Daggett, left Manila for
Chinaon July 15onboard the transport Indiana

 

 

PORTO RICO SCHCOIS,
28,000 Papils Are Now im Attendance —
300,000 Chitdren Witaout School Pactitties,

WASHINGTON, ov o14
Edneation Boumbaueh of

Commissioner of

Porta hieo in his

 

This |

high |
Rirdeall |

|
|

M. B., MISSIONARY PLANS.
Amneal Mecting of the General Missionary
Committee Opened Yesterday.

The annua! meeting of the General Missionary
Committee of the Methodist Episcopal Church,
held for the purpose of appropriating money
for missionary work for the enauing year and
hearing reports from the varions fielda, began
yesterday at St. Paul's Methodist Episcopal
Church at Eighty-sixth street and West End
avenue. The committee is composed of all
the Bishops of the Church, representatives
from the fourteen districts and delegates from
che fourteen boards of managers, together with
the Corresponding Secretaries of all the mis-
sionary societies

Bishop Charles H. Fowler of Buffalo presided
yesterday and a part of the business at the
morning seasion was the election of the follow-
ing offeers for the ensuing vear: Dr. L.
Baldwin, Secretary; Dr. Homer Eaton, Finan-
cial Secretary and Dr. H. J. Jennings Asaist-
ant Financial Secretary. ‘Ihe treasurer's report
showed that the income up to Oct. 1 last was
$1,223.04.72 and the expenditures $1,262,685 35.
The detcit added to that of last year made a
total indebtedness to dite of 849,812.54, nee-
cessitating a sight cut in the apr eoprtation) for
the ensuing year, which was finally fixed at
$1, 200),000,

The apportionment of this amount, between
home and foreign missions was made at the
afternoon session, at which as a consequence
there waa a long discussion over the two kinds
of missionary endeavor. Bishop. Hanilton
of San Franciseo was one of those who opposed
a motion to apnropriate 60 per cent, of the
money for foreign missions and sounded a
warning note on the perils of imnilgretion.

“We have today,” he said, “one-third of
our population alien people, 2890) coming

 

here last year. But what menaces us is
the changing of the tide of immigration
from the north to the south of Fu-
rope, ao that now instead of those arrivin
here’ coming from Eneland and Irelan
and other kindred peoples, they come
from Italy and Austria. Last year 77,000

talians came here. We have not been meet-
ne the measure of this immigration in our
appropriations, I frankly confess that I have
been apnalled by it.”

In the end the advocates of home missions
scored a partial victory, as they succeeded in
getting the rate fixed at $7 per cent, for for-
elgn missions, It wns 57's Inst year,

Prof. and Mrs. Gamewoell, missionaries,
who were in the British compound during
Pekin sieee, were introdiced to the Bishops
and received their congratulations

Rishop Thoburn was made chairman ofa
committee of five appointed to devise wavs
and means for ratsing the $2,999,9 for mis-
ajonary work for the celebration of the twen-
tieth century.

<etneeeonpneeneennnencnRED

CHICAGO'S TREASURY RARE,

Nearly $1,090,000 in Salaries Soon Dee and
Little Money to Pay Them.

Cu1caco, Nov. 14. —Uniess Comptroller Ker-
foot can find $479,0M somewhere within the
next sixteen days city employees will have
to buy their Christmas gifts with city “scrip,”
for the prospect is that no such sum will be re-
ceived either from taxes or Hoense fees, and
that money lenders will have a chance early
in December te buy city vouchers for salaries
at a bargain. The shortage Is attributed to

City Hall prodigality in the payrolls just be-
fore election.

Deputy Comptroller Frost said to-day tha
the city had less than $89,990 in the genera
fund available for meeting the payrolls. The
November parroll amounts to about $500,0,
and after November comes December with
$5P,9" more of salaries to be paid before the
city can count on any large revenue receipts.
Every cash resource 1° been exhausted and
at this time of year th + Is almost no chance
of any considerable .ncome frem any source.
The City Treasurer's books on Novy. 10 showed
exactly $25.00 available te meet $1,000,000
to become due city employees for salaries
before New Year's

Comptroller Kerfoot is trring to find $122,000
to pay a gaa bill and get rehate of $47,2™, but
he has been looking vainly for money for
several weeks and haa given up hoping to get
{t. All tegether the nee of the city’s
finances is the worst since the Chicago fire.

 

 

 

DISTRICT ATTORNEY'S NEW ROOMS.

 

He Hasn't Got All Me Wants—Shift in the
Criminal Courts Ballding,

The Sinking Fund Commission yesterday gave
District Attorney Gardiner the entire fourth
floo” of the new Criminal Cour's Pu'lding and a
part of the third floor The rocms include those
formerly occupied by the Civil Service Commis-

| gion and the Board of Health. Col. Gardiner

report on the school system of the island says |

that 38.00) pupils are now in attendance and

 

Sim) teachers are emploved This is a «mall
proportion of the ehildven of echool age and
sone Zane e new witha it eehool fneilities
most of Whom Wold atiend if Ine ities were
} rovided = ‘Thousants ofehud en on tie island
he save, 2 e@ hoff fed. beif clotred and half
housed The hope of the jeland was in the
pulriie schools andin the reduction of literacy
y this mean The percentage of iilieracy
wae not about SO per cent Lhe coming ses.
elon of the imeular legislature would probably
reper e peesent school law, and, in addition

to changing toe mode of
will also make previsios
cilities for attendan

HPpPointine teachers,
for enlarging the fa-

Porte Rice Letter Carrier Aeeautted

,ASHINGTON, Now. it -Inspector Leather-
man of the Porto Riean Postal Serfies has re-
p rtedtothe Po-t-OMee ‘epartment that Letter

Cariervc @ Major was asauited inet Monday
t A teno Qainones, Woo attenipted to roe
hime: hema M i: raes bad y beaten and

rot ,die Quine os Wa arre te. ond

wi t
held on $10.0 vuil (or the action of the Graud ,

dury

will cive un his present rooms

he Coroner's office was traneferred to the
the ground floor, and the rooms now oorupied
by itwil be taken by the Justioes of General
Secetons Col Gardiner asked the oornmission-
erstogivetim a roomineach of the General
Sessions court rooms, bee use he has no place
to examine iis witn ssa except in open court.

“The room next to the Reoordor's Court ts
always closed,’ said Col. Gardiner, |‘ Justice
Newberwer keeps his open. Dneed extra room
andl am determined to hav> it. am deter-
mined to-ee thatthe ragbrs Of the District At-
torney’s office are maintained.”

 

$12,500 FOR RUNNING OVER A BOY

 

Who Was Piaving Tag on the Tracks of the
Metropolitan Street Railway.

John Fullerton, 7 years old, by his mother aa
guardian, ob'ained a verdict of $12,500 againet
the Metropolitan Street Railway Company
before Justice Beekinan of the Supreme Court
yesterday for personal injures. He was run
over by a car o: posite hishome at 116th street
ond Lexneion avenue on Aug 8, 1497. His
right sg was amputa'ed above the kneeand he
lost three toes from his irft foot

The boy had left his home without hie
mother's knowl dee and was ploying tag with
other bovs It was aliexed that the car was
going sofoat that ite uld not be stopped .n
tim: tos ve the chid The eompany set up
that the bos ran out from behind in ash cart,
so that the mor ron had insu*jc ent time to
stop theerr. Plaintiff obtalnedan extra allows
ance of $500 from the court.

EXONERATES

 

MAYOR FLOOD,
Miss Loonte Now Says Thit She Alone Forged
the Kenacdy Deeds.

Eumtrna, NY, Nov 14--Cather ne Loonie,
whose confession cau ed the arrest of Mayor
Flood on a charce of forgery in the first degre,
made the statement to THE SUN correspondent
ait @jalto-diy that she Lad perjured herself
b fore soe Reeo de S en W exonerates Dr
Flood and says she wil! co on the stand and
eEwroarthotsheatone forged the deeds to Mias
Kennedy's prop rity A+ a reason for con-
tradict ns heres f she says she hil! feelings of
mation toward the Mayor it. is said that Dr.
Floodin his defence wi! seek to prove that Miss
Loon e was insan®

MADE HIS ROOM A FORT.

 

 

 

Bat the Police Got » Negro Who'd Shot Another
Twice tn a Maliway Quarrel,

Harry Keigers, a negra, was shot In the
left side of the head and in the right cheek
last night in a quarrel in the hallway of the
tenement at @9 West 180th street, by John
W. Jackson, who also lives there. Then Jack-
eon barriended himeelt in his room and vowed
he would shoot the first person who tried to
enter, Policeman Haas and three other cops
tried without heine shot and after a struggle
Jackson war locked up

 

 

 

85 Aplece for Cops Mart in the Trolley Strike,
The sum of $100 was pubin the bonds of the
Police Board at he‘ imeof the tr Vey «trice in
Brookivn n Auga t, 18%,  y Charles Ro Hen.
dereon, of Hend oreo. Hros., bankore at 24 Nase
ean street, to b dividedamong those: + licemen
who we injured whie o. duty duting the
erike. The Police Dear. ant ouneed yes erday
that the rrovey ould be divied among
twenty policenen, ene) receiving about 5

 

 

Now Cnaplain for the Fist.
The Rev. ktear | ite, dn, pastoro the See-
ond Colegiae KR ormed Chureh « f Heriem, hos
been anponed Cho ‘ain of t @ Seventy first

Reeinent be Col. Wiki mG Rat a Since he
Rev. Dr Greree R. Vance Wa’ r reat nedthe
Ky ve ld Rradehaw, ass a@tan! to Dr Bur

’
rel atthe Mor | Col eriate
has actedas the regiment echapian

Apprciiace Court Decides Again-t Major Smith,

ALPASY, Nov it. The Anne late Division to.
dav affirmed he Bpecial Ter deci ion avainst
Major ¢linvon HW Smith's effort. to be rine
stacdain oOM-vero’ the  eventy-firet Regi-
men, Mator Smith sovert to rev ew the ac
tion of the court of inquiry, Gut the eourta
held that thee vilsuthoritiee lieve no fj opedice~
tion over the act ons of the militery authorities

 

“he Is Her Own Aeressor,

Anoto wasreceiwe da the Derarmment of Fi-
nanes yesterday in wh ch was inclosed a bank
note for $50 The clerks io the epariment
exrected the money, for every year it ia_re-
ceived, wih this mes aced. a wetnuns ha: d:

“Inciosed pleise find bank notefor 85) for
taxes On a very smali estate 3. A.C.”

THE SUN, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1900.

eee
Se SS SS SS

pe ormed Church, |

|

 

CROKER ASKED TO SETTLE FAC-
TIONAL FIGHT THERE.

 

General Committce Wants Scapegoat for Loss
of County Ticket—Tammany Hoss Says
Cassidy Did Well and Should Not Be
Hlamed-Advises Them t» Get New Leader.

Since the defeat of the county ticket in
Queens the Democratic Central Committee
there has been looking around for some one
to turn down
man Joseph Cassidy, who stands at the heac
of the incoming county committee and has
pledges enough to make him the chairman and
borough leader. The campaign was managed
by the present county committee, whose term of
office euds on Jan 1, and they believe that
sorae one should suffer because the Republicans
captured the two county offices, Sheriff and

County ( lerk, while Bryan carried the county

by nearly 2,500 plurality.

The committee met in Long Island City
yesterday afternoon and canvassed the situa-
tion behind closed doors. Alter a session

of two hours the members declined to state
what had been done A number of Democrats
from Queens saw Richard Croker at the Demo-
cratic Club on Tuesday night and laid the situa-
tion before him — It is d that Mr. Croker
attributed the defeat of the county tloket to
the unpopularity of the two candidates, bad
wencralship on the part of the comuittee
and bad manageenent of the campaign. He
or

paid he conld not mix up in the local situation,
but that the result showed that I’hilip I. Cronin,
the deputy leader in Queens and candidate

for Sheriff, who had been defeated in the town
of Newtown, where he ran 1,100 votes behind
Bryan, was unpopular with we voters and
that the cutting of the ticket Was as heavy ip
every ward in the borough as it was in Long
Island City

Patrick J. Mara, Democratic leader in Flush-
ing, made many complaints against Cassidy
and Mr. Croker is reported as replying that he
was #atisfied with Mr. Cassidy, w
hia ward by over elghteen }undred for bryan
and had elected the Democratic candidate for
member of tne Assembly by a plurality of
nearly three thousand and had carried Long
Island City for the Democratic Senate can-
didate, whose defeat was doe tw the light vote
in the other wuras. Magistrite Luke J. Con-
norton, Mara’s candidate tor County Clerk,
only carried Flushing, Lis home town, by sixty-
five votes, and Mr. Croker wanted to know
why Mara did not do better at home. He said
that had County Clirk John H. Sutphin been
renominated he would have swept the county
and elected the Sheriff as well as himeelf.

Mr Croker recommended ww the cormini(tee
that a leader be selected in place of Deputy
Commissioner of Highware John P. Madden
who has been away for months on account of
iliness. ‘The committee considered that feature
of the case at their meeting resterday bot, it
was renorted did not reach a conclusion.

Patrick J. Mara wants to bring about the
defeat of Councilman Caseldy for the purpose
of “getting square.” Some prominent Demo-
erates enid last night that Mara would not be

ermitted to destroy the party organization
or the purpose of satisfy ing his personal ani-
mosity, Councilman Cassidy says that he
wae elected a member of the County Com

ittee at the primaries by the people and

1¢ is read out of the narty it will make no differ.
ence. He and his friends hold a fraloriy, of
the votes in the new committee, is political
enemies hope to have Mr. Croker declare him-
self against Cassidy and refuse to recognize
him {f he is elected. They believe that that
will deprive Cassidy of all patronage and
cause his fellowers to desert him.

 

REPUBLICAN SHAKE-UP IN KINGS.

 

Dady and Atterbury May He Unohorsed—Jesso
D. Frost Tursed Down.

There may be a contest over the organiza-
tion of the new Republican General Committee
in Brooklyn on the night of Dec. 4 and also of
the new Executive Committee a week later.
A movement, it is said, has been started to
displace Walter B. Atterbury and Col, Michael
J. Dady, the chairmen of the respective com-
mittees, and to have a new deal all around for
the other offices, As Mr. Atterbury is a can-
didate for reeicction and has the solid support
of the delegates from his own ward, the Twenty.
third, which is the Republican Gibraltar in
Kings county, it will be difficult to form @ come
bination governs enough to defeat him. Col
Dady, it Is understood, is not anxious to suc-
ceed himself as chairman of the Execuitve
Committee and will retire from the race sooner
than provoke a factional controversy. The
unexpected defeat of Jacob Worth for Con-
grees and the suspicion that he was knifed by

is old factional enemies have tended to in-
rease the hostility against both Mr. Atterb
and Col. Dady, although each denies empath

cally that he had any part direct or indirect
in the entting of Mr. Worth on election day.
Magistrate Jacob Brenner is promnentiy

mentioned aa the most acceptable compromise
candidate for the General Committee chair-
manship, while Naval Officer Robert A Sharkey
is ppenen of as Col Dady's probable successor.

Hitherto Lieut-Gov Woodrull has been
a warm supporter of Atterbury and ,
but so far he has taken no part in the prelimi-
nary controversy over the organization of
the new committees. He has told his friends,
however, that no person considerations
should have anv weight when the question
involved was the placing of the organizations
In the hest possihie shape for the great Mayor-
alty contest_next year. Last night the dele-
gates to the General Commilttce from Mr. Wood-
ruff's own Assembly. district, the Twelfth,
met and elected Charley E. Devoy executive
commitfeeman in place of Jesse ost, a
apecial politien] protéué of the Lieutenant-
Governor. This action was taken against the
advice of Mr Woodruff Col Edward E_Brit-
ton, the leader in the opposition to Mr. Frost,
said last night:

“We all recognize Mr Woodruff to be the
most prominent Republican in the county,
but at the same time we believe that events
our districta should be decided by majorities.”

 

VOTED A YEAR AHEAD OF TIMB,

 

One Pennsylvania County Passes Upon Two
Proposed Constitutional Amendments.

AARRIGBURG, Pa., Nov. 14.—Notwithstanding
the instructions from the Secretary of the
Commonwealth and the information dissemi-
nated otherwise about voting on the pro-

osed Constitutional amendments, one county,
fouroe. voted on the propositions with the
ollowing result: Favoring personal registra-
tion in cities, 781: againet, 900. Fayoring
voting machines, 516, against, 1,065. While
the propored endments were advertised
this vear it was 7 ainly stated in several ways
that they were not to be submitted to the peo-
le this vear. They must again pass
eaislature before being submitted to the
voter.

Monroe county ta therefore {ust one year
ahead of the other counties of the State in
expressing her opinion. about the changes
in the Constitution, ler veiee is clearly
against the innovation® and the voters ara
evidently 2 to 1 against the proposed
change from the present ballot aystem to the
voting machine

SLL a ta

“GOLD SEAL

“SPECIAL DRY.” “BRUT.”
;
,
$

PARDO

Champagne

The most ; op ‘lar Amerie on
wre. Pure, dry and perfect,
Bouquet unereviled. Equal
to the best imported, at one-
half the price

Then why pay twice as much
for fore.gn labels? Order a
ease for [hinkegiving, Aek
forit nt your club ond cafe.
GOLD SEAL i+ sold by all
first-cl sa grocers and wine
mereha: ts

URBANA WINE CO.,

irbana, N.Y. 4

POPP POT

 

namnmack

 

H. Dearborn Gardiner

Aatict aup Autiguaniag
422 FourthAve. GOE, 28th St.
Some beautifal examples
of uis XV, Louls XVI

and Empire Furniture, in
sets and in single pieces,

Hangings, Bronzes,
Harbles, Rare Picture ;

Catalogue mailed on request,

422FourthAve. 6O0E. 29th St.

      

   

    
       
   
     
   

 

 
   
   

They finally selected Counell- |

 

 

If you are thi
“Hall,”
just right.

nking of buying a safe you cannot do better than to get 1
On the market 60 years—contents always preserved—prices

all’s Safes.

Your old safe exchanged KINSEY, RAINIER & THOMSON,

for a Modern ‘‘Hall.”’
Second Hand Safes for sale.

Safe moving and repairinc.

ODELL EXPENSES 87,000.

 

Stanchfeld Spent 86,050 and Congressman
Stewart $5,666

ALBANY, Nov. 1¢-—Governor-elect Benjamin

B. Odell, Jr., spent $7,000 in aid of his election,

as shown by his statement of expenses filed to-

day with the Secretary of Stute. A contribu

tion of $6.600 was made to the Re; ublican Stite

' Committees and $500 to the Newburgh City Com-

o had carried |

ee
ee

the |

) Mpect tor sign atonce.

mittee. Joh: B Stanehfield, the Democratic
cand'dite for Governor, spent $8,950

Congres man John K. Stewart of Amsterdim
spent 5,066 Hew ve $1,000 e00eh to Monto
ery, Scienectady and Gts go county Kepub-
li an committees, $1,500 to the Schoharie County
Commitee, and $750 to the Greene County Cone
mitte

Se ator-elect Edwin C, Stewart expended
91,015. of whieh $500 went to the Tompkins
Ccunty Committee and $250¢ach to the Scauy ler

and (hewu county committees
Dave H. Morris, Demoer itie candidate for
Benator i) the Westchester cisiric, had ex-

penses igeregatine $2,000, of which $1,500 went
to the County Committee

Sanmel Gdell of Auburn, Democratic candt-
date for Senator, «pent €828, and Henry Martin
of Utlea, Democratic candidate for Congress,
319. Senator-elect George Bo Green of Bng-
iamton, spent $1,250; Congressman | | jttwuer
#25 5: Senator Frank W. Higgins, $966, and
Jains R. O' Beirne of New York city, Repub-
liean candidate for Congress, $8,065

Supreme Court Justice Frederick W. Kruse's
elecuon for a full term in the Bighth Judicial
district only cost him €2,000

Senator-clect William S.C. Wilev spent €1,759,
and Senator dohn_I,. Havens ot Suffolk, who
was defaited for election, spent $575

Supreme Court Justice James W. Houghton
of Saratoga } ent but $755 to he elected to a
full teren on the Supreme Court bench

Senator Humphre:'s reélection cost. him
$395; Senator-elect Spencer G. Prunie of Ersex
anent $092. and Senate:-elect Garry A. Willard
of Booneville spent $82

——

 

DELAWARE LEGISIATURE SAFE.

 

Twenty-nine Republicans to Twenty-three Dem-
ocrats—Hew Addicks Hopes to Win.

WiuaNnaton, Del., Nov. 14.—Now that the
canvass of the votes cast at the genera! election
in this State has been completed, it is known that
on a joint ballot there are twenty-nine Republi-
cans to twenty-three Democrats. That means
the election of two Republican United States
Senators. Natioual Committeeman John Ed-
ward Addicks promised the National Committee
that Delaware would be found in the Republican
column provided he and his delegates were
gated in the National Convention, Addicks
feels confident of being elected for the short
term and bases his claim on the ground that the
DuPont Republicans cannot aford to let thyir
opportunity pass by. Senators Blakely, Me-
Farlin, Allee, Abbott and Pennewell hold over.
Senators Brasioe, Ellison and Groves were
elected thia time. Kent county elected five
representatives aud Sussex an equal number.
They are Union Republicans and will vote for
Addicks. Of the New ‘'astle county delewa-
tion Senator Knox and Representatives Mees |
and Clark are the ones that are really oppose
to Addicks, That leaves Addicks with only
twenty-six, and he requires one more vote,
Senator Farlow has a vote and he was one of
the three Democrats who in the 1899 session of
the Legislature voted for Addicks.

A pian is now under consideration that may
settle tha case. Itis forthe Union Republicans
to caucus for their candidate and the Regu
to do likewise, Then each side will agree to
vote for the two noininees. Addicks says he

refera the short term and that in 1904 he will
be in the fight once more to win, Hoe says
Delaware is a Republican State and must
such.

that
remain

COL, MORTON TO GO TO PORTO RICO.

 

 

Mach Aocsaiied Maine Politictam Gets am Ap-
pointment Under Gov. Allen.

Avorsta, Me, Nov. 14.—Col. C. B. Morton
of this city has received an appointment at
Porto Rico under Gov. Allen. Col. Morton,
until very recently, has been a Democrat.
Under Cleveland's first administration he
was Commissioner of Navigation, and under
his second administration was Fourth Auditor
of the ‘Treasury. until he was removed for
writing letters In which he referred disparag-
ingly to President Cleveland

Mr. Morton was also mentioned in the mat-
ter of the defacement of the Blaine tombstone,
which figured prominently when Blaine was
a candidate for the Presidency. In the past
no man in Maine has been more bitterly 4s-
sailed and hated by the Republicans than Mor-
ton. His appointment to a place under a
Republican administration has caused ocon-
siderable comment.

 

THEATRICAL OFFER TO BRYAN,

 

Anna Held's Manager Wil! Pay Him 620,000
a Year to Join the Company.
INDIANAPOLIS, Nov. 14—Manager Florenz
Ziegfeld of the Anna Held theatrical com-
pany which has just closed an engagement
here, hos telegraphad an offer of $20,000 a year
to Willlam Jennings Bryan to associate him-

GENERAL AGENTS,

393 BROADWAY, N. Y.

TFL. 397 FRANKLIN,

   

SURVIVAL OF THE FITTEST

in men’s tailoring is our up-to-date method,
Clothes that bear the LOFTUS name know go
superior in workmanship, style and tut. For

 

we give you as wide a range in choice as ft ts
possible to find in any establishment that asks
double what we do for suits or overcoats

| to-order.

ss

self with the comean, Ziegfeld says |

that six yerra ago
ition to Zlegfeld’s business associute,
Block, to become press pent for sis shows,
and recalling this, Ziegfeld has made this offer.
He saya Bryan would make an ideal press
agent, and could be used to advantage In the
dinner scene of the play, “Papa's wife,” to
make a ey eech

“[ consider Rryvan the greatest showman
on earth,” said Zierfeld. He declares the offer
of $20,000 is made in earnest

THE ICE TRUST CHARGES,

 

 

Gov. Roosevelt Preparing for the Hearing He
Is to Give Van Wyck’s Accusers To-day,

ALBANY, Nov. 14.—-Gov. Roosevelt and At-
torney-General Davies conferred for over an
hour at the Executive Chamber late this after-
noon. The Governor said he had gone over
the Ice Trust charges against Mayor Van Wyck
with the Attorney-Cieneral so as to be ready
for the proposed hearing to be held before him
at noon to-morrow, when attorney J.
Haves bas notified him that he wonld appear
in behalf of the World, which made the com-
ritint against Mavor Van Week. The hearing
fs to be public. Tt Is exrected that Wheeler
H. Peckham will accompany Mr. Hayes.

 

COL, DUNN IN TOWN,

 

Doesn't Expect to Resign at Once as State
Rallway Commisstoner,

Col. George W.) Dunn of Binghamton, tho ‘a

an made a propos |

, Committee in 1808 and was reelected last

Noble |

to be elected cha rman of the Republican State

Committe: at its moeiing on S torday, came to
town vesterdiv to ottend the meetings o the
state Railway Com 4-8) nto be hed in Rrook-
wnthis week Col Du ha alittle chat woth
S nator Piattat hsroor inthe Fiith ‘venue

otel, He ssid as evening tht he did not
s State Railway Com-
nis loner,

 

 

To Holé Receptt n tn Port Warden
lioner,

The Pepub icans of the Sixth Assembly dis-

triet ore planning [9 hold a reception in h nor

of Port War en James BF. March, ther leader,

M orch's

ai whie they wilthank hom tor th» hard work
h giddurin the e m aen. Mr Moreh sue-
ew ddin coting down he Demecrate plaral-

itv or Senator Timothy ry Dollar Sullivan to
} «~ thon 3,000 votes, wiich hs friends consid.
ered t) bea fine showing

Brady to Leave Building Department.

President Thomas | Brady of the Depart-
of Rui dines {il resign within a short "me
John A. Donner, Super mrendent of Rulldinga
for Mon attan, is talked of as Mr. Brady s suc-
ceeaor

 

You \o Doubt Desire to Own a Home,

We cm "i * ifansit and other ad-
vaniage «Morde at opportunity for either city of eub-
urban dwe: ings not surpassed by any other loca!
Sunday's SuUN, Nov, 14, will contain an artics
6 subject Of Vital Interest to thore desiting to pur.
chase hometites, “he advertising columns will serve
as @ useful directory. —Aar.

    
  

”

 

W. C. LOFTUS & C€O.,

Sun Building, near Brooklyn Bridge
AND
1191 Broadway, near 28th St

For Children,
THE

Coward
‘‘GoodSense”’

Shoe.

That mothers just investl.
ate the ‘Good Sense” Shoe
sallweask. Its meritsare

eo plain—it is manifestly so
mifeh better than any other
Children’s Shve that argu.
entis unnecessary, ‘To sce
to be convinced,
Prtces the lowest
ecnsistont with honest goudH,

Catalogue sent for the askin.
AMES 8. COWARD,
Greenwich St.,.ear Warren St.N. Xe

Cannot be had elsewhere.

 

oy

    

O02 AL VIMMNLAEMNNEM
JUST THE THING

BOUILLON CUPS

DAINTILY MOUNTED IN
STERLING SILVER.

The Mauser Mfg. Co.
_
15th St., bet. B’way & Sth Ave,

NEW YORK.
VUVVVeTeteeererse

W2Z®Zz VW VeeVeet*EVerzeee
B22 22AR22842 224428

TAMMANY PRESIDENT FOR M'KINLEY.

 

Experience of the Thirty-third District Com-
mittee in Two Campaigns.

The Hon. Nicholas J. Hayes, leader of the
Tammany men in the Thirty-third Assembly
district, called a meeting of the General Com-
mittee of the district for Tueday evening and
told them they bad made a notable fight for
Bryan.

Michael Callaghan, the President of the
body, got up and said ‘that he had a confes-
aion to make.

“As I have frequently told you,” sald Mr,

laghan, “I once voted a Republican ticke'
hat was in 1896, and after that campaign
fully made up my mind that I would never
vote anything excern' « straight Tammany

ticket, adhered ‘@ that id a@ throughout
this campaign, and miy intention was not
changed until a week before election. Then

I changed my mind, and 1 voted for the MceKin-
ley Electors, and for the other candidates on
the Democratic ticket.”

Mr. Callaghan sat down, a motion to ad-
dourn was put and carried, and he left the
clubhouse, no one speaking to him. Mr. Cal-
laghan was elected President of the General
De
cember. He is a sugar breker. The children
of Mr. Hayes and Mr. Callichan attend the
same school, and recentiv Mr. Hrayves's eon
asked him if Mr. Callaghan was a Democrat

“Why, of course he is,” sald Mr. Hayes,
“WP Mini it's quce Hayes, J

“T think it’s queer,” saia Hayes, Jr, “because
both his sons are Republicans 3

Gtiman to Ne Deputy State Comptroner,
ALBANY, Nov. 14. - It was announced to-day

  
 

that Sta'e Coopir Ue Theodore P, Gilman
woud :e appomted Deputy) Comptroller b
Comptro ler eect tirastus C. Kaictt. Mer. Gi
man Was Deput omp roler under the late
Comptr lier William <)> Morgan acd was ap-

vointed Comptrotier upon Mr
ast September

~ BAD DREAMS ~

Caused b Coifee.

Morean's Ceath

“T have been ac flee drinker, more or lesa,
ever sipnes Ten remen ber, until afew mont
age lbecams more ond more nervous andirr
tabe.and finily I ould jotele pat cieht fer
Twas horribl: disturbe by drean faci sorte

and 4 species of distressing nigh mare

   

 

 

  
 
     

  

 

“Finally, ofter hearing the ex:eriena of
numbers of frends whe had qaut coffee and
gone to drinking Postusn Food Goff, and
jlearving of ‘he great benef s th wd derived,
1 conein eu coffee mus! be the ane f my
troubl ,so TDeet-omePos ut offes and
hati made strictly according (od ree *

“J was acto ished at ihe acer ae ft
entire vy took the pli of ve ad to my
very greiateatisiaciion, bh ev » =|ere aos
lulv and sweetly Mwy nerves trarrove , andl
wish Loowd Warn every toa “wot andent
from the unwh edt. a, ¢

“People revly do nor ¢ ree
what wWOTius Grie 1 ose
effeet it has on toe bu eyes P
hardiy apoundo | ¥ i be ld 1 woul |
wver thinn of gorge buck toe ecgan i
wou d almost as soon (ti oop ting ay band
ina fe alter Dhadonce be nour ed

“A&A voune lady fred Mise finvly
Pierson, had stom vet i for ne thine,
acd could not we - te ss eu edvof
fer SS! ' realee a t nth ine
of Postum iof,e a = how pereely
wel Yours for « Don't puolsh my
ee Herrington, Wat Nome given
" osm Cereal Co, Lid. Butt ree

; Mieb.—A de. 7