ow he weer eR

 

, streets

 

  

BABES FIND A SOFT SLEUTH.

TELL 4 SORRY TALE WHICH MOVES
HIM TO TEARS AND WRATH.

 

Soorfe Children's Versiom of “Lost Ina Great
Cits"=Yorn of Poor Parents, Batic From
Home and rave! in a Cold World Swal-
lowed Whole — Made Up by Moria, Aged 6,

Marla insisted that the thing to do was to
find the station as the Jady bad told them to
But Marla was only & years old and Teresa
was 14, and when Teresa suid that the thing
to do was to find the lady egatn ar cd get rome
more to eat Maria had to submit to the fue
thority of the elder, Maria knew that her
ideas were usually better than jeresa’s at
home, but they were a lorg way from Pough-
keepsie. They were at Roosevelt and Cak
They had no very clear idea by what
route they came there, and they certainly
had no idea of where they ought to go next
The lady who had taker them in from the street
on Tuesday night told them to go te a station
and tell the police about It. She hac been very
good to them tp other ways, and, dlaigreeable
and strange as her advice seemed, Maria was
Inclined to believe that tt war about time to
act on it. So for two hours or more thoy had
wandered along the street, asking now and
then where “the station” was, and folks th
different places had pointed in all sorts of cone
tradictory directions. They were within four
blocks of a police station at that moment if
they had only known it, but it was no discredit
to their suburban sense of locality that they
ovould not find it. Many @ young man ITresh
out of cullege has been sent trom Vark row
to the Uak street station for the fret tine,
only tw come back alter two or tiree hours
of walking and say that he did not believe
there was any suoh place. Lt is hidden in one
of the blindest, crookedest street ang.cs that
there is in old New bork

The difficulty of tindlag @ station that seemed
to be inythical increased Teresa's vague no-
thon that their best luterests would be served
by finding the woman who had kept them
over night, Maria tegan to ers.

“stop your crying,” sud @ Voloe from above,
The man at whom thes looked up reened like
a benevolent, Kindly person, Thece was noth-
ing about hin to slow that foanian
and neither of then
if they had but known it, a person inore ty be
feared than a policeman, for Le was a deteo-
tive and his nane was Snayvdecke He was
on the way to tho station to begin work for
the day. f . \

“Where are you going?” he asked them, S

“Please, sir, we want to find the station,
answered Maria

“What station?” asked the detective

“Oh, just the station,” Maria sald with re-
turning cheeriuiness. She was quite sure
that thla man knew what he was doing. She
began to see her way clear to getting back

ome, :

. “What sort of nm station?” insiated the de-

tective, “Matiroad station, Bridge station or
plice etation?”

per guess, said Maria doubtfullr, “it was a
lice station.” Teresa nudged her angrily

1 Teresa the deliberate coinplication of the
situation with polioamen seemed like flying
in tne face of providence,

“You come with me,” said the detective,
nd he tock Maria by one hand and Teresa
yy the other. Teresa told lim that ehe was 14
years old, though she looked younger Maria,

Who seemed to undertand better and to have
{deas quicker, said she was &

“Are vou hungry?” he asked them
Sav, Teresa, observed Moria in deep sar-
“aam, peeking afeund the detective’ legs at
fer sister, "he wants to know if ve're hungry.”

Tere-e smiled an expectant but rather hope-

ie Was af

  

 

 

  
  

 
 

| racy Van Stee are however, Is

|

susmectead it He Wis, |

 

Citizens of Red Hook Surprise Four Mem at
Work in the Post OMce.

Povonkrersiz, Noy. i4.--Bure ars made an |
attempt to rob the Post Ofice at Red Hook early |
this morning, but were discovered, and after |
a running fght with the townspeople, in which |
a number of shots were fired, they succeeded |
in making their escape One of the burg/ars |
was wounded, but his comrades carried him
off, Constable Charies Van Steenburgh has a
bullet hole through his eoat as a reminder of |
hie part in the battle with the thieves

At 2 o'clock this morning Ilomer Clark, who
lives opposite the Post O Hoe noticed a thickemet, |
weiledresecd «tranger acre the street He
saw him step upto the streel lamp and put it
out. Clark sipped out of his lotse by the back
way and called up Constable Charles Van steen- }
burgh and his son Fred, and told them that be |
belleved an atternpt was being made to rob the '
Post Office

The three men armed themselves and hur-
ried down the atreet The stranger was still
in front of the Post Ofice and Constable Van
Steenburgh started toward him and at Wie same
time shouted for him to held up his hands
‘Te man levelled a pistol at hirn and commanded |
him tohalt) As Van Steenburgh continued to
approach he fired at ot jJopt on firing
while he retreated t rd the shelter of the |
building in which th st OMce is located
‘There were three ithe cellar of the dulid-
. and the tour

tale Van i
} who thought
etoretrent On account ot the darK-
Ness it Was Not possiole lo aim with any aceu-
i onfident
that he hit one of the burglars, for he heard him
ery ot with pain and the men with hin urged
hin to Beep up and they would beip hin }

The noire of the Crog aroused the people |
living near the Post OfMice, and by the tine that |
the burglars had all got out of the cellar there |
was a -trong posse of -itivens on hand An
attem;t was made to follow and capture then
The thieves had the advantage of shelter, |
which they used to keep the citizens at bay
by shooting at them inti! they had gained a
rear street, where they fired a fhual fusillade |

 

     

 

 
 

 

and escaped be running across lots to the hig
way running north from Ked Hook

At J. H. Hest's farn tas bbera broke into.
the carriage house if stole his hore anc
wagon e four om rove to Mrdal
where the i foned the me, and it is
thought were ferried acroas the river and made |

 

their escape on an early morning train on the
West Shore

The burelars were all well dreseed They
wore dark clothes and derby hats and one had
a black mustache Postmaster food. Curti
eaid there was no safe inthe Pot OMe and he
had most of the Government finds at ois home
fo that the burglars would not have got much |
had their attempt been successful

ACCUSED PHYSICIAN TRIES SUICIDE,

 

Dr. G. S. Philips of Chicage) Cuts Hts Throat |
ina Police Station. j

Cuicaao, Noy. 14.-Dr. George 8. Phillips, |
arrested on the charge of causing the death of

| Bertha Young, 6358 State street, ten days ago, ,
| attempted suicide by eutting his throat with a |
| butcher knife while he was standing before

less smile. They had told several people they
were hungry. [t hadn't seemed to make any
difference. But the detective marched them |

by the police station steps to Woessner’s res-
taurant neat door, There were @ great many
men, large fat men, sitting around the three
ittle tables. Nearly all of them had long blie
coats with rows of brass buttons cn them
thrown. wide oj en, and were eating with their
faces close & the tablecloths and very fast

“I didn't know,” said Teresa apologetically,
“that police stations were like this.”

“They ain't, said Maria in @ whisper, “this
is the dining room. Shut up

But as one after another of the feeding po- |

Heemen cnlled their eseort, “Abe,” and showed
a great friendship for him, Maria began to
foe! a tichtness about her throat and a desire
to run for the door. Had they come ail the
way to Poughkeepsie to fall into the hands
of a policeman in disguise?

But he made a place for them at one of the
tables, called the waitress and had eges and
ham and coffee and bread brought to them
Between mouthfuls, their friend insisted on
talking to them, He wanted to know their
names, so thes toid him, “Teresa and Maria
Bcorfe,” and he painstakingly wrote down
“Therasa and Mary Boorpl.” They watched
pim write it and Teresa wae inclined to correct

im, but Maria kicked ber under the table and
shook a warning head. The» said they lived
fn Poughkeepsie and that their father was
very poor, Maria wept in telling how poor
he was. Teresa rubbed her eyes, but the
tears didn't come somehow The detective
wauted to know how they came here,

“Maria, vou tell Lim,” ordered Teresa,

“Well,” said Maria, “we was so awful poor,
you know :aniitie) ”

“Cattiatout.” rlered the detective, who was
beyinning to feelabtuarful bin self. “How'd
you wet here? bi ate woot l want.”

“so poor,” continued Mark), without changing
ber tone, “Uhat our father, he raid there was a
pinge for poo: little girls here in New York, and
tha: tie was sorry he coulda't keep us to home
any longer, but he'd send ua to New York where
there were jots of rich peo; le that takes care
of little eirls, and we could get ioe creain every
dav licit but sugeestive | ause) and—an'
then he cried, And me mothershe cried awful
because we were &o Poor a

“] <ald to cut that,” reminded the detective

“All right, responded Miurta, cheeriully,
“because we was so poor. (1 wont say it again,
hut | jus’ wanted t keep right.) And then —
an’ then he took us to a boat and put us on the
boat and we care on the boat all day, and
when it was dark we got off the boat on’ then
‘Leress began to cr), and the woman sud-—”

“What woman?”

“Oh, IT don't know: just a woman, that's
all. Who's telling this? An’ the woman she
said: ‘little gris, what's the matter’ An’
we told her how poor we was--(T can't help
{t, it's part of the story, and you don't have to
leten Fb you don't want to! and she wasawful
eorrs for us, and she took us home and took
us inte a nice warm room and gave us a lot of
things te eat, ond bs and by she came back
with a sort of nightie or ‘

“Aw, Maria, ain't you ashamed?” This
from (eresa. gigvling

“I don't care Ihat's what it was ‘cane
{t was black an’ all over gold things an’ had
a bustle And she wasn't ready to go to hed
because her hair was all up on ton of her head
like we have it when we play lady and ventle-
man. And she had another lady take us to
a place where there was a oé@d, and she said
that we should wo to a station inthe morning:
an’ see the police = So we got up be ore she
did an’ we didn't want to distur her, so we
went ont of the house and been looking for
the «tation ever since That's all”

“Wisht [ conid iave some oody tell me the
story of her life,” sished one of the fattest
wilicemen lifting his nose out of a ceolee erp

aria had an idea that she was being mode
tun of but so long as the « @and the rolls
and ham and ee kent comine she really
hadn't time to bother with anything else

What's vour name?” she asked the detective
after awhile

*snvdecver,” he answered promptly, “Abra-
ham Snydeciker ’

“Do vo?) want us to come and live with vou?”
she aeved ner

Srv decker said that he had all the wirls he
conld take core of vow, whereat some of the
fat policemen linghed, and the detective took
the children out to the station nest door There
aman behind a desk said ther tecourt
and ask a Magistrate about it. Thev want to
a court where the detective told the store to the
Magistrate ao well that Marti chuekled and
pulled Teresa's dress behind her back. But the
Mavistrate told ther that he would give them
to the man who takes care of little eirls nntil
word was sent to Poughkeepsie. Then they
both began te ery, but the Gerry man took therm
away without minding that nach

Snvdecker told the Micistrat

  

 

  

 

 

 

  

 

 

   

 

sonet ge VOTY severe « hal tee
whe woenld tur ildre tor “we “

eortlessiv The Maci-trate said} vane wry
could be punished Lhen the detect wanted
to know {f something could not be done to the
Btean boat people wi 4 t children get off

 

the beat and wo wandering abe ‘fe
alone and unattended. The Moagistr
that something ought to be done to mach people
but he didn't see how the offence was to be
res hed

The detective went bock to the poliee station

 

 

 

   

and th « pews ab eYWidren wos sent
Poughkeepsie. Here is the answer that came
bar

“Tereaa afd Moria Seorfe are olw Ss running
awe “hie la the meeond time the. howe stelen
nor i gone to New Yor Their mother
a@ive an Ch eterd morning to cet came
shoes for her littl: «ter ld her to pe
oaref:! about the cherge The girls went to
the Hudson River Raflroad «tition ind bought
Wet to New York there the'r parents
lost trace of them. Seorfe has stead em-
devment and a confortable heme nd has
heen made nearly frintic t the Clsappear-
ance of his ehiliren

From which it may be Inferred that Teresa
was right in her eninion thot it was most in.

 

ndvisable to comniteite the <ituation b having

ansthing to do with the peilce
New Amsterdam Hotel Co. Incorporated.
ALBANY, Nov. 14 The New 9 tinsterdan

Hotel Compony, woth a eanital of ¢500 000, wae
incetog ated toecday, ioeurr onan!

 

Hee iN Nee York cbs Tie dret i.
Forwen, bb. St it \ ‘
* New Vork cit : to . id

} him semething and

| carried Mrs. Pillacastva to her bore, but her

 

the sergeant’s desk in the Stanten avenue
station early this morning. One of two women
who followed him to the station and whos
names are not known to the pole, it is said,
gave him the knife. He was removed to the
County Jail hospital, where it is thought he

will recover

Bertha Young died on Nov. 5 as the result
of an operation, and on her deathbed accused
Dr. Phillips of the crime. A coroner's jury
yesterday recommended the arrest of the phy- |
Bician, who has been fin hiding. Policemen |
Murnane and Mahoney of the Stanton avenue
station found him tn ¢ at Seventy-niuth
street and Fygleaton av » The policemen
also found sia wornen in the place and the arrest
of Phillips was vicorousiy resisted) The won
en and the physician attacked the policeman |
and attempted to eject them from the flat
Furniture was overturned and broken and the
fight waged wart witil the police drew thelr
revolvers and put the women to filght |

Dr. Phillips was then dragged down the stairs |
and put in a patrol wagon. The women fol-
foeed the prisoner and two of them entered
the station with him One was seen to hand
hen both fled from the
station. A moment later the doctor drew a |
butcher knife from under his coat and = across
his throat. louiceman Murnane seized the
knife and in doing so eut lus hand, The police-
men say that Dr. Phillips confessed bls guilt
before mabing the attempt upon his life,

  

 

 

OLD WOMAN ASSAULTED,

Pounced Upon in the Street by a Young Man |
and severely Injured,
Mrs. Anna Pillacastra, 72 years old, of 1110 |
Jefferson etreet, Hoboken, ts dangerously
ill in St. Mary's Hospital, and the police of |
the Willow avenue slation are looking for a |
young man, who, she alleges, brutally Ase
faulted her. Mra. Pillacnetra went to visit
a friend on Wednesday alternoon, bShe had
not returned al 9 o'clock in the evening and |
James Barracco, her granddaughter’s hus-
band, in whose house she lived, started out to

look for her, Barracco found t'e old jady |
unconscious in dellerson slree:, between Ninth
and Tenth streets, about abiock fiom her home
She had a bad cut on thedack of the head and |
her face and nek were bruised. Larracco

 

 

injuries were such that the family plysictan
ordered her removed to the hoaital, whe)
recovered consciousness |r 4 erovugh to say |
that she had beeo assaulted by a young man
about 24 years old Phen she reiapsed into
unconsciousness, Yesterday when she had
again regained her senses Mrs

 

 

Pillneasira
said she wasion her way home when she waa
suddenly seized from behind and thrown to |
the sidewalk. she sereared as her asaaiiant
clutehed ber neck, but she could only get a

tance at him before she became uneonscions,

she anid her aseafiant was well dressed and

wore a black derby hat

 

 

CHARGE AGAINST 4 DENTIST,

Neighbors and Comstock's Men Sav Fle Stood |
Naked at iis Bathroom Window,

Hugo Rittich, a wel-te-edo denust of 1425 |
Paecife street, Brooklyn, who has an office at
118 Weet Figtv-eighth street, Manhattan, was
arraigned yesterday in the Gates avenne police
court on a charge preferred by L. F. Dittman,
an agent of the Society for the Prevention of
ting improperiv before a window in

 
    

 

[his bemein Pactc street, i

tis 40 vears old and has lour deugi ters,
omplained te Antl Vv Comstock
Was in the. al of cirroblig unth |
ntiirely nude i is bathroer: d then
open whi dow Agent Dittman |
ere eet outon Sunday to make !
I) ee to Lave seen |

oY his night tin his bathroom |

es ottie window The
eek ord a wart t

1 Magistrate Worth

et his oMo in Menhattan
nand taken to the Ralph
» Brooklen, ove he was

 

   

He woe re-erted in

‘6 Aleve or Melard

eit Miy, Melared cee ared
an at { pereeention on the
tet) wae released under

Je tice Loventritt [od 33 Divorce Cages,
Yesterday being the fir-t day on the Supreme
Court fo: the trial of uncvefeanded divorce cases
Oo < he MalsoneZei oor
ed to

ti the revea

diverce mil, the sttercance on court se
|

 

  

belaceer in usual » were thirty-three
e season the odorsxte nol which were ade
joo ome Aceon n the remainder were
tried Gry one cose wae thrown oot and the
rea OF Wos del Clive ser n he defe cant
Justivelave tit ssidedin this pa t of
t ‘ ' s eda nomber f the
w~ tress os] i not say that he dee
tee ed evicence o a Ith most of the
cases, €@8 U Ua, G she We res rved

Navy Yard Note
floated

The converied crul-er B flalo wa
into Dry Dock Ne the navy yard in Boook-

Iyn yesiordas the Buflilo © olided with the
battieehip Mis-a hos ett uo the Cob Doek a
week aso whl she aproe eding tothe ord

nee doe Her vartoard (lates below the

woerin fester edand oent
fhe Government tug Wa patuck
placed bie sional heyard. She ix se ed
lediolea e the var, for Manila on Now vo
ecuris a batterr of anall @ pound rapid. ,
uns and artewot trenty m Hler |
-aret beenia ged ne to sive her |
more room for coal Sise Will + yYWayo! ihe!
Suz Canal

as be

   
 
 

 

a
Snow Removal te Cost More,

The Department of Stroet Cle ning opened
bids yesterday for ther movilof snow and ie
this weiter, Sowen bdcers filed exin ste

ii @ lowest offer wos mate by the flom
koo & Rely, wiesepres aKa ents aloa: of
neenuoi vard The U naida sepoalt Conmany

had the .ontrac ‘ast w er, Chars.og 82 ents
and, t in» been reported, made fo hn oncy on

nunvine rious wir BURCLAM. | BUNCO GAME DID NOT WORK

i the complaint jndgment was rendered for the

THE SUN, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1900.

 

SWINDLBRS WERE AFTER 82,000 OF
OLD MR, VAN COURT'S MONEY,

 

He Grew Suspicious om Way to the Bank to
Get tho Cash amd Told Police About It
—Drew the ‘Capital Prize’ but Had to

Show 62,000 as Evidence of Good Faith,
Mount Vennon, N. ¥, Nov. lé@--A bunco
game sitnilar to that which was successfully
worked in Brooklyn sonvw time ago on the late

John Preach, by which he lost $5,000, Was Al-

| tempted here yesterday by two men on Jd. 8

Van Court, a retired banker and real estate
dealer, who lives at 147 Stevens avenue. Mr
Van Court is 74 vears old and is boasting t-
day of baving lived just a little too long to
be buncoed

Mr. Van Court was coming out of his house
yesterday intending to go to the First National
Bank, of Which he is a director, When a youns
man of respectable appearance rushed up to
lum and begau shaking lis hand

Why, how do you do, Mr Van Court,” he
ead I'm rejviced ta eee you such fine
neal’ Me Van Court replied sual Lhe youd
Dua bad the advance of hina

1 Kut you've furgottou me, When,’ returned ,

Waring, tae sou

the sCuueer Vin veho tl
‘ Wariie, the bat

of your old friend, volo 4
nunulactwer of Yonkers.”

it was Me Van Court's turn then to become
effusive and aiter welcoming the youd Asin
he wuquired wuat breugnl miu to dtount Var-
hon. Lie aan said that ne bad heard his father's

a> be Was looking for @ house in Mount Vernon
he (huudul he Woukd look ditt Uy phe house

he said, Was lor a frieud. Mr Van Court said

| be would be deligited to aid hin and as they

Walked down Wwa'd lhe Dusitiow seclob the
Joubs tian explained what kind of @& house
he Wanted Hefore tuey reached the bank he
slOopped short «

} almost forgot It” he said excitedly. 1
srowwised bo Blop uta Look etore for syle 0oks
j bought on the tistadment pan lhe young
nan seid the piace was at 2@ West Firet street,
and asked Mr. Van Court to accompany him
there, On the Way he explained that he had
ordered two books when Le only needed one,
and asked Mr. Van Court if be would not Ilke
to take one of them. Mr. Van Court said he
thought possibly he might, if they sulted him
Wher they reached the building at & West
}iret street a sender young man Was blanding |
at the door

‘Good morning, Mr. Waring,” he said, salut-
tng Mr. Van Court’s companion. “I was afraid |
vou Were pot golng to cad for the books, You'd
better come upstairs,”

He ied the ‘ ay up to the aecond floor and Mr
Van Court was ushered into a litte reom whore
furniture consisted of a table andatew chairs
The table had a cover on it. Mr, Van Court's |
friend explained that the banker had pronilsed
to take one of the books. The bock agent
said the second volume. was not quite ready
and then he took down Mr. Van Court's pame
and promised to send it to Min

“ity the wey,” he sald to the alleged Mr.
Wartng, “you've won a dividend of $% Here
is the money, and please sign this receipt 6o
I can eendit tothe companys

Ae the man handed out the bill he also ten-
dered a ticket which he said entitled Mr Warlng
to another draw adding that he mi es wel
take it then, At this he uncovered th® table,
which had a lot of etlt figures on tt. Then he
took out a pack of red, white and blue cards
and shuffling these said) “Now, Mr Wering
take your Choice” Mr. Waring immediately
drew eight cards, turned them over and re
ceived the information that he had won #4,

It was then sugested that Mr. Van Court
try a draw. Mr. Van Court accepted and the
efzht eards he drew figured up to 27. When
this was discovered the slender man threw
up Lia hands

P.Great seavenel be, $24 aimed, “you've
won our capital prize t's $2,000,"

Then he reached in a drawer and drew forth
two packages of bills On the top of each was
a ten-de lar note

The prize, he said was the largest ever won
but before the winner took the money he had
to prove that he was worth the amount that was
won, as they did not care to give the money
to persons not responsiiie “Waring” then
sald he would walt) for Mr. Van Court while
he went to the bank and got the money. On
his way to the hank Mr Van Court thought tt
over ang concluded that_there was something
wrong about the game. From an acquaintance
he learned that young Waring whom one of
the buneo ateerers had impersonatad was in
White Plains at a meeting of the Supervisors,
He went to the pelle station and related his
experiences to Chief of Police Foley. A war-
rant for the arrest of the men was procured,
but they fled before it could be served.

 

WROTE LOVE LETTERS TO MRS, SELLS.

 

Harry D. Lron Admits the Authorship eof
Misstv sta a Divorce Case.

Cotrvmaus, Ohio, Nov. 14.—Surprise was
caused in the court room in the Sells divorce
trial to-duy when Harry D. Lyon, a Pennsyl- |

| vania Ralway official and corespondent in the i

case, admitted that he wrote the burning love
letters which figure in the case. Lyon sald he |
met Mrs. Sella about seven years ago and
turcugh her he met her people at Togan, Ohio |
He was in California just before the Sells circus
ift for Australia in 186) and bade Mr. Bells |
goodeby at the Oakland Mole

A~ Lion identified letter after letter in the
long list of love mussives and repeated each |
time that he had intended them to reach Mrs

ells in Australia, Mre Selis for the first time
oe here. es nape tion other than cast down
J..on sat with hinsideto Mrs Sells and shee od
him closely, hear eyes ay e@aring glassy, as if
inoistaned with tears, She is now about 40
sears old. ‘The letters patsed nine years ago

I, on said he had received letters from Mrs
Sells in Australia, but de«tro: ed them He
eaid che told bin ehe loved him to death and |
would never give him up, called him her ‘darling
boy” and ars nowledgad the receipt of liquor
sent to her stateroom and sald it was “pretty,
good stuf.”

 

SENATOR WELLINGTON SUED,

 

Judgment Entered Against Him for the Bal-
anc: ef a Biil for Photographs.

WASHINOTON, Nov. 14—Suit was instituted
several months ago by @ Washington photog-
ripher against Senator Wellington of Mary.
laid to recover $6), the balance due on a bill of
$148 for photographs of the Senator. Re
peated attempts to serve papers in the suit |
failed until a few days ago, when service was
ootained a8 Mr. Wellington was leaving town
with a party of friends. After one postpone-
jnent the case was heard before Justlee of the
Peace lewis T. O'Neil to-day, the photographer
submitting with his testiniony a Tarzwe number
of photographs in which he had represented
the Senator in a variety of poses to please his
customer. Mr. Wellington did not appear tthe
hearing, nor was he represented by counsel
and as there was therefore no legal opposition to

amount of tue bill.

PRISONERS AT THE BAR,

PATERSON

Will Be Arraigned To-morrow ta Preparation
for Trial ta Juncary,

Patrrson, Nov. 14 MeAlister, Kerr, Campe
bell and Leath, the men indicted for the murcer
of Jennie Bossclieter will be arraigned on
Triday in the Court of Over and Terminer
berore Judge Dixon. The Judge has to come
Jere on that day in order to hear argument
on an ap) eation lor u recount of the votes
cast at some ot the polling | laces on election |
day The arraignment of the four men wll
put all parties ina position to prepare tor trial |
ut the January term tut it will he Impossible to |
serve on then a panel of forty-eight jurors aa +
i rovided byw low at the present time because
about two weeks ago Judge Linon discharged
apanelot twelve men. The discharme of these
men lett the aweneral jury porel of the present
term with only forty men on It,

 

 

 

 

POLICE VACANCIES IN) BROOKLYN,

|
The Democratic Munagere Anxions to Have

Them Filled,

It isreported thatthe long-pending vacances
in the Brooklyn wing of the Pollce Department,
fucludicg sevenfeap a.neios, willbe filed before
the close of the week, The Willoughby Street
Demoeratio man) @ers have notfled Pre-ident
Beroard J. York that there must bc no further
deiny and have also intormed him of ther
wishes a. to the disposal of the rich poliea
prizes. tis said tuat these candi ates have re-
ceived the indorsment of Willoughby Srreet;
borat Gaus of the Hambu gh avenue station,

eret. Coligan, (iberty avenue; Soret. Mer
phy, Hombare: avenue; Sergt) Cole, \tlontio
evenue, ard eret. Gailawhor, Sheepshead Bay
If Conoumesioner Abell insists on having an
equalshore of the appoilitments there mey be
more delay

 

 

Col, Waring's Daughter Gets a Divoree,

Si Pari, Minn, Nev. 14. Mrs. Louise Yales
Ovit!, a Caughter of the late Col, George War-
ing, ‘ong at th
Cleaning Department, who died in Cuba of yel-
low fev r, 0 dav received decree of divorce
from Albert B. Ov.tt, an attorsey, who formerly
re ided bere, but is cow living in New York.
Deseriion and non-support were the causes
ple aded Ovitt: ade ne defence

——

(Mare | Real Eetate Information You Will Apprectate,

Neat Sunday's SUN Will contain an articie on Wert
ebester teal eclate invaluable to both the epeculator
aud homesite seeker. ‘The adveriising columns will
serve asa useful culde to properties im the market.
— Ady

 

 

|
, ent sin real esti pusiness atid |
old friend was io (he feal estate business and | danger siguals, and the train sped away at full

| Bishop Abram N

| Pinchot assisted his brother as best man Henry

acted as

head of the New York Street |

 

NOVEMBER WEDDINGS.

 

Steriiag—Flags.

Briporport, Conn,, Nov. 14.--Maxwell Beck
Sterling, youngest son of Mr. and Mrs. Julian
H. Sterling, was married this evening to Miss
Minnie Evyline Flagg, only daughter of Mr. aud
Mrs Charles Ward Flug¢. The Key. Eaton W.
Maxey, DD, late of Christ Church, Troy, N. Y.,
and at present rector of St. Luke's Fpiscopal
parish, this city, performed the ceremony
Misa Flora Estelle Sey mour of Meriden was maid
of honor and Harvey La Ferris Jenkins of Ocean
Grove, N. J, Was best man

‘Tbe bride is descended from William Pynehon
of Springtield, i630, also from Capt Joseph
Wadsworth, who lid the charter in the Charter
Oak at Hartford in 1648. His daughter was
Hannah Wadsworth

The costume of the bride of to-day was adorned
With lace, once the property of Hannah Wads-
worth, and the skirt was cream-colored brocade,
onve a ball dress worn by blizabeth Barnard,
wile of Capt. doseph Wadsworth

The bridegroom's grandmotier, Mrs. Daniel
He Sterling, who is still living, Was formerly
Miss Maria MeCoy Beck, granddaughter of Paul
Beck of Philadelphia He served in the Amer-
jean Revolution under Capt John Linton and
also contributed over $100,000 to the war, On
his grandfather's side the bridegroom is de-
acended from Thomas \ elles of Hartford,Gover-
nor of the colony tn 1656 to 1654 /

The bridal couple left for Washinaton tn a
rivate car Some of the guests arranged to
yurn sticks of red fire at all the railroad cross.
ings from Maine street to the town of Fairtield,
four miles away  Despetcher John Carr in-
structed Engineer Couill of Locomotive No 4&3
not to atop for the red liehts, as they were not

Speed

Isham— Milter.
The wedding of Miss Laura Miller and Ed-

|

 

Walter DuBols Larselere of Boston, by te Bev,
. Edwin Brown, assisted by the Rey, Char
Erdman. The maid of hi nor was Miss ribel
anklin Dett. There were po bridesmaids.
e best man was LeRoy Felter he ushers
were Joseph B. Kiraidt of Thomson, Conn: John
Sinison, Woonsocket, R. 1; Cari V. Pou'son,
Pawtucket, K. 1; Willam Jones, Wilmi) gton,
Del. Mr. J. Herbert Erwin and Mr. C vs
Creswell of this city.

MoGer—Schoonmaker.

PLAINFIELD, N. J., Nov. 14.— Miss Emma
FE Schoonmaker, daughter of George F. Kchoon-
ma ker of this city, and Clifford Whiting McGee,
son of Mr. and Mre Henry A McGee of North
Plainfleld, were married this evening at the
home of the bride's uncle, Bytvanus L. Schoon-
maker, 043 Central avenue The ceremony
was performed by the Kev Dr, Abbott BE. Kitt.
rede, pastor of the Madison Avenue Dutch
Reformed Chureh, New York, assisted by the
Key Herbert Welsh of Middletown, Conn
Miss Gertrude Andrews, a cousin of the bride,
was tnaid of honor, and the bridesmaids were

 

| Misa Loulse Fisk, Miss Naney Lawson, Miss

ward. Isham, Jr, took place yesterday in the |

Protestant Episcopal Chureh of the Inc&rna-
tion, Madison avenue and Thirty-fifth street.
Littlejohn of Long Island
performed the ceremony at noon and was as
sisted by the liev. William M. Grosvenor, rector
of the churen. The bride wore a white satin
gore trimmed with lace and Mra. Wallace
fercy hnapp,

matron of honor, was attired in heliotrope silk
with hat te mateh, Miss Frances Isham, @
#ister of the bridegroom: Miss Susan Dimock,
a niece of Willian C. Whitney, Miss Billings and
Miss Evelin Willing of Chicago, a cousin of the
bridegroom, were the bridesmaids. ‘They were
arrayed in blue chiftion with hats of the same
Allison S. Armour assisted the bridegroom as
best man. William Bo Isham, Gerard beek-
man Hoppin, George 8 Brewster, Pierrenont
Isiam, } Wesley Poane, Jr. and James F

 

' Miller, brother of the bride, were the ushers

After the church ceremony the bride's mother,
Mrs Charles Addison Miller, gave a bridal
breakfast at her home, 26 West Thirty-serenth

| street. Mr. Isham, the bridegroom, is a son

of Bdward & Isham of Chicago. He isa grad.
uate of Yale University in the class of ‘61 and
a member of the Metropolitan and University
clubs of this city

Pinchot— Minturn.

St. George's Church, Stuvvesant Square,
was the scene of the wedding of Miss Ger-
trude Minturn and Ainos R. Eno Pinchot yes-
terday at noon. The pews in the big edifice
were crowded with bridal guesta and the
chancel was embellished with white chryaan-
themums and palms. It was an unusually
handsome young couple that stood at the
railing while the Key Dr William Stephen
Rainsford read the marriage servico The
bride was given away by her brother, Robert
Shaw Minturn, with whom she entered She
wore a gown of rich white satin, very eimply
made and trimmed on the skirt with a Jabot of

oint lace There was some lace also on
he waist caught with orange blossoms and
diamond ornaments The Brussels appliqué
vell was secured with sprare of orange blos-
soms and ‘diamonds ler bouquet was of
lilies of the valley Miss MUdred Minturn at-
tended her sister a8 maid of honor and Gilford

Lane Eno, his cousin, Walter Effingham Maye
nard, Curtenius Gillette, Edwin O. Holter and
Dr wis A. Conner were the ushera = After
the church ceremony (here was a lar@e reception
at the home of the bride's mother, Mrs. Robert B
Minturn, 109 Last Twenty-first street

Brown—Harris.

PrtnapeLpura, Nov. 14.-Miss Madeline
Vaughn Harris, daughter of Mr. Joseph Harris,
President of the Philadelphia and Reading
Rallway Company, was married at noon toe
day in Calvary Episcopal Church, German-
town, to Henry Ingersoll Brown by the rector
of the church, the Kev. James De Wolf Perry
Miss Marian Fravier Harris, sister of the bride,
maid of honor, The bridestnaids
were Miss Anna Russell, Pottaville: Miss susan
Fowler, Baltiroore; Miss Jutia Langdon, Fl-
mira, N. \. Miss Margaret braver and Xiss
Helen Knig!t, this city. The best map was
Mr. Reynolds }), brown, a brother of the bride-
groom. lhe ushers were Ge re Broadhead

larris, the Rev. James De Wo

Wiillam Lord sexton, Erskine Hazzard Dick-
gon, Edward. Knight, Janes. Wilton, Georze
Gowen Perry and George Pana Allen. Mr.
Brown is one of the leading cricket plavera
of this city, having played on the teams which |

| within the last six years,

Breckenridge—Goodridge.
CAMBRIDORE, Misa, Nov i¢.-The marriage
this noon of Miss Isabel Goodrich and John C,
Breckenridge, a lawyer of New York, was at-

4a sister, who attended her as |

t Perry, Jr.: |

met the Gentienen of England and Australia
|

tend d by well-known residen's of Cambridge,
Boston and other places, The ceremony took
fier at St John's Mernorial Chapel and the

tev George teodgos, Dean of the + ambridge
piscopal Theological School oMflciated Mr
Witiam Provn of Cambridge, was best man
and th re wereeight bride.ma'd-, Miss Maud
Marvin of Jan estown, NY; Miss Helen Storer
of Cambridge, Muss Grace Marvin of Aliuny,
Miss bLisie Farnham of New tlaven, Mss Dora
Cheney of South Manchester, Mass; Miss
Adole Barrett ©: Chicawo, Mis) Helen Gallatty |
of Oranve,N J, and Miss Avna Whitehead of
New York.
|
|

Downs— Wood.

PHILADELPHIA, Nov, 14 —Mias Lila Roberts
Wood, diugiter of Jatues R. Wood of the Penn-
Sylvania Radroad, was married t -day to Dr
Robert Morton Dowis, in St Peter's P.E,
Church Germantown, bythe Nev. ToS. Rume
ney, asserted by ths Rev Dr J.M. Hoyivan
Miss May \\.od was maid of hovwor ihe
brie malds wer: Miss Edit) Stotesbury and
Miss Fanny Btote buy. Dr Robert G. Le
Conte was best man. the ushers were Dr.
lichard Woods Tr J. Norman Henry, Joh. H
Brockie, Hoa«ell Brockie C, Wharto: Church
man Arthur Ho-setl Boo kie Fisher Cories |
More in, Dr 1G rnev Willams Ge ge bk
Mergan Dr. C
lieury 8. Groves

Fontaloe Maury Leidy and
Larretere—Creswell,
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 14.--Miss Catherine Ster-
Petty oreswell, daughter of Mr. and Mrs
David 8. res ell, wes married to-day in the
First Presbyteriin Choreh, Germantown, to Mr.

 

 

 

ie

BY BREATHING IT
Every disease germ which you
| inhale is destreyed. .o. ..

 

| By breathing it occasionally during the
day you protect vourself from

COUGHS AND COLDs.

| By breathing it four times daily you cure
| CATARRH AND BRONCHITIS.

| By breathing it every hour you cure
| CONSU/PTION.

» Your money refunded if tt fol sto either case

| eee nd for Uve days’ treatinent ond medical advice
| HYOMEL Ourfits $1.90. Trial outfits, 25e All

Gruce ts or sent by mall
fi RK. T. BUOTH CO., Ithaca, N. ¥.

Daisy Shepard and Miss Helen Bushnell of
this aity. The best man was Harry Metiee,
brother of the groom. The ushers were. Ray
Meiiee, Prank Lo Sechoonmaker and Louis
FE Weeing of this eltv, Laurie Bliks, George
F. Dominick, Jr, and Alford KE. Robbins of
New York.

 

Wilson—Gans,

The marriage of Miss Flizabeth Gans and Wil-
liam Wilson, Jr, (ook place: vesterday afternoon
at All Angela’ Church, E ghty-tifth street and
West End avenue The Row. 8. DeLancey
Townsend, the rector, perlormed the ceremony
atSo'clock Moss Minna Gans and Miss Bertha
Cans atierded theirststerastrid-smaids Jolin
B Hamil! of Philadelphia wa. bet rman, and
Porker Rosa (rubb, ¢. Gran:itle Leveb, dr,

lenry Reet Robins of Phiade phia, Dane! T.

fanning, Edwerd Hosier and F. Clayton Goss
were the ushers. Alter the church ceremony
there was ) large general reception at tie real-
danee of the bri e's mother, Mes. Arthur Gans,
828 Weat Eightv-second street. William Wil-
son, Jr, formerly resided in Phil delphia.

Innerarity—Wals,

PLaInririp, N. J., Nov. 14—The marriage
of Miss Gertrude Walz, only daughter of Ernest

W. Walz of Logrande avenue, to John Forbes |

Innerarilty of New York took place this after-

hoon in the CreseentAvenue PresbyterianChurch
Rev. Dr. W. BR. Richards, pestorof ke churel
perfortined the ceremony. Mise May Fvane of
this city wag matd of honor, and the bridesmatde
were Miss Ethel Genung of Brooklyn and the
Misses Minnie Wood, Louise Bushnell, Margaret
Yates and Pauline Humerlrev of Plainfield
Zelah Vanionn of New York was the best man
The ushers were Frederick W. Walz, Bo Louls
Waly, dr, of Plainfield, Wiliam McKinley,
Walter Koehn and George Home of New York.

 

Wise— Waterman.

The wedding of Miss Loulse Woterman and
the Rev. Dr. Stephen Wise, formerly rabbi of
the Madison Avenue Temple, waa celebrated
t @erday afternoen at the home of the bride’s

 

vrother, 46 East Spel y-righth steet, by the |

Rev. Gustavus Gotth el There were ro attend-
anita, Asmail reception followed! he oeremony,
The Rev. Dr. Stephen Wise is now settied at
P rtland, Ure, The wedding was to have taken
place ast month. but was postponed on se-

count of the fiiness of Dr. Wise, eho since his |

re

 

|
'
|
|
\

|

arrival from the West has beeu operated upon |

for appendtoi tls

 

Thompson—Krager,

York, Pa., Nov 14.--Earlv in the fall Mr
Wilifam 0. Thompson, the present Damooratio
Treasurer of this county, made a bet with Miss
May Bently Krager that {if President McKinley
were elected he would marry her and if Bryan
were elected e.e should marry him. To-day at
noon Mr. Thompson paid the bet. The cere-
mony was pe forined al the residence of the
bride's mother, Mra. Sarah A. Krager, of 639
North Carey street, Baltimore, Md, by the Rev.
© P. Elbertof Baltimore. Mr. Thompmen is the
youngest man ever chosen Treasurer of York
county.

 

Baker—Patton,

Mise A‘ice Phillips Patton and Joseph Biack
Baker were married yesterday afiernoon in the
Protestant Episcopal Church of Zion and St
Timothy in West Fifty-seventh sirert by the
rector, the Kev. Dr Henry Lubeck. The bride
wos given away by her father, Prof) Ange A.
Patton, and afterward there was a reception at
hus bome, 25 West Sixty-ffth street,

Chawberlin—Johnston,

Mra. Annabel M Johnston ard Dr. Edwin
Crosby Chamberiin were married yesterday
afternoon at the home ¢f the bride's uncle,
Jolin MeAlan, @ West Fighty: fourth street
The Rey. Thomas (. Rall o! Union Seminary
perforined the Cereuony at 4.30 o'clock,

 

TWO COAL BARGES LOST,

 

Parted From a Tug in Satarday’s Gale—Four
or Five Men ov Each,

New Brunswick, N. J., Nov. 14-The big
barge Robert Ingals Carter, belonging to Capt.
James Hughes of this city, was lost off Mon-
tank Point during Saturday's gale.
end avother barge, the Hudson, both laden
with coal, were being towed from Perth Amboy
to Boston by the tug Teaser
the boats so flercely that the towing hawerers

The Carter |

The storm struck |

parted, the vessels were beaten apart and the |
\

tug lost sight of the barges

She spent Sat- |
' urday and Sunday trying to find them, but

was obliged to put into Vineyard Haven after |

& futile seareh. The Carter hailed from Perth
Amboy, She was formerly a schooner, bear-

ing the same name, and was wrecked about
three years ago at the entrance of Portland
harbor, Capt. Hughes raised her and iltted
her as a barge. Both the missing barges cur-
ried crews of four or five men. The Carter was
commanded by Capt. Edward Bartlett of Tren-
ton, who formerly lived on Burnet street, this
city. [tis ferred that both vessels have gone
down with their crews, Capt. Haley of the
tue Teaser reports to the tug's owners in Bo--
ton that he spoke Nantucket South Shoals
lightehip on Sunday and learned that nothing
had been seen of the missing craft.

 

GIRL IN A JAIL DELIVERY,

 

Her Father and Wer Brother Meiped to Re-
lease a Brother Who Was a Prisoner.

New On Leans, Nov 14--Mies Carrie Bowling
of Quitman county, Miss, 10 vears old, is under
arrest in Clarksdale, the county seat of Coahoma
county, charged with being the leader of a
hold-up of Sheriff Shaw. Miss Bowling's
brother. Bonnie, Wag a prisoner in the Coahoma
jail, convicted of highway robbery and was
awaiting transportation to the penitentiary
Miss Carrie Bowling called at the Jail and naked
permission Lo say good-by to her brotner,vecause
she Was going to attend her sick mother in Ar
kansas, As tie Sherif was showing her to
Bonnie's cell, two then suddenly eppeared be-
hind him, and covering him with their guns
deiinnded Rowling's release The two men,
Bonnie and the girl walked out together

Toe cirl was subsecuently captured, and it
hasbecomeknown thatthe men who held up
e Sherif’ were Ler father and brother, and
toat she had formed tie plot All three of the
men escaped.to Arkansas, but the gir! was held
by the Sheriff as a hostage

 

os

STOLE THE SYNAGOGUF STOVE,

 

Janitor Assaulted When He Tried to Recover
le—Thieves Were Boys.

When Janitor Barnitt MarieLerg of the «. na-
gocue Temple Israel in Clinton avenue, Weet
Hoboken, went to the s\nagogue on Tuesaday
evening to get up heatin anticipation of a meet-
ing he was surprised to find that the stove,
which stood in the centre of the meeting room,
wiiumissing ;

Aftar the services it was discovered that the
stove had been stolen b« thrae boys and carried
toa stable atSi2 Walnut street. Janitor Marie~
berg tried to get the stove out of the stable. but
Was astauited and driven from the premises by
the mother of one of the boys, Marieberg ap-
pealed to Kecorder Hensd vesterday and swore
to a complaint again tthe woman andthe threa
bovs The were summoned to appear before
the Recorder to-da)

A. T. Kemp Lays Newport Rea! Estate.

Newport, R. I, Nov. 14-Mr Rutherfurd
Stuyvesant of Sew York has acld hig lot of
land, extending from H urison avenue to the
harbor, contaming 845,480 square feetof land,
toMe Arthur bd. kemp. The purchase price is
Lot given, This i one of the most desirable
colage sites i) Newport and adjoins sidney
Webster's “Pen Craig’ Mr. Kernn, it is under
stood, Will soon begi . the erection of 4 vila upon

; his purchase

 

Boye Accused of Firtng a Haystack.
Mount Vennon, N. Y, Nov ié. William
Hami'ton and Khudolph Yorum, elewen-year-oid
schoolboys of Pelham, were arrested to-day on

@ Warrant charging them. with arson, and they
were locked up in the Mount Vernon police
feadsucrte;s ‘The bors are areused o| setting
fire toja haystack, va.ued at $110, mar alaree
bar. owned by Mrs. Esteila Woolsely, whose
farm is on the outskirts of this elty

 

The Hook of

 

 

ees

and do it in half the time with your eyes closed;
touch and you hear it click. Your fingers and lace are saved also,

Ff your dealer does not heen them. send [0 cts.
for a sample card. Say whether WHITE or BLACK.

SNAP HOOK & EYE CO. .. 377 Bway, N. Y. City

Made in various sises.

 

ngs that you have

POTHUNTERS CAUGHT.

Italian Barbers Had Been Killing Song Birds
-Their Fines May Foot Up 61,205.

Two Italian barbers who visited Ataten Island
yesterday for a day's hunting had good luck
until they fell into the hands of Fish and Game
Protector Edgar Hicks
Genoine of 183 Mott street and Carmine Spinelli,
who gives his address us 44 Monroe street, New
The men were found by the officer
making their way to the New York ferry with
well-filled game baws and were taken to the
police station and later before Magistrate Marsh,
who held them for triad before the Court of
Special Sessions

Spinelli had a fine fowling picce and seventeen

Genoine had no stun, bat he had thirty birds,
including several wrens aud other tiny birds
Bpinelli admitted that he shot the birds, but
Genoine declared that he had done no shooting _-
micchased the birds from some one he
if the full penalty is imposed
thetwo men are liable to fines aggregating $1,295

 

One Year for Ml-Treating Her Baby. ,

Mrs. Josephine Schlaich, 21 years old, of Mase
reth, L. 1, pleaded guilty in the Court of See-
sions at Jamaica yesterday toa charge of hav-
seve. -months-old female
eruel and inhuman treatment The
Woman was pro-eeuted by the Brookiyn ( hil-
Ths ciety found that the in-

ing subjected

dren'sS cey
left slone for several day
d of sturveti n when dis-
coverod by Agent Sauer
woman to the Kings County Penttenulary for

Wanted

 

Name and address of every person
who has purchased within the last

year quart

nN

TRADE MARK
capsules, either direct or through  ..
their druggist. We have something

interesting to say to them.

Compressed Gas Capsule Co. |
1127 Broadway, New York. =

How Long

in minutes does it take you to hook up your waist, lining, underarm

seam, shoulder seam and stock?
your fingers and crossing your eyes in the effort to see what you are

doing. Now try the

SNAP HOOK & EYE

Reaching, stretching,

~

Try Prunes
cooked in rich syrup containing a bit of lemon peel with

COOK’S FLAKED RICE

for Breakfast. Or Orange Marmalade, or any of the “homey”
missed because they did not taste right

with the other cereals.
they have never tasted so

  

salted water ober them, shake
turn out ona hot dish.

LARGE PACKAGE,

  

The Hook of

 

the eye slips in at a

ALL GROCERS.

 

   

pulling, hurting

   
 

  
      

   

1900

 

 

   

    
    

You will think
good before.

 

Pat the dry flakes in a colander; pour bolftng

slightly, drain, and

15 CENTS.

 

 
  

BRIDEGROOM KILLS HIMSELF,

 

 

Soldier of the Halifax

of the Royal

The hunters are Michael

Miss Cassie Alan. H

was Tight. ‘This was
wife was dead. It ¢

and other amall birds
is living in an insan

ing at the altar

this to sav yestercay a

the peone

tatime | name the Mayor onth

the Court sont the

killed himself as his inter

Garrison Dies While Mis

Intended Bride Waite at the Altar.

Hauirax, N.8., Nov
Artillery in this garrison shot
himself dead this morning in the citadel fifteen
minutes before he had engaged to join his
intended bride in Trinity Church. Saturday
night's papers contained the announcement
of the approaching wedding of Edwards and

14.—Major Edwards

is superior officers know

that Edwards had been married in Bermuda,
but they were not positive that his wife still

lived. They asked bim about this and he heel-
tatingly muttered that he would only do what

taken to mean that

urns out now that

© egy lun and Edw
ided bride stood wait-

 

SHEVLIN'S TRIBUTE TO SHEPARD.
Thinks the Ex-Reformer Could Fill Any Place
in the Gift of the People,

James Sheviin, who has now become the
spokesman of the Brooklyn Democracy, had

 

bou! Edward M. Shepard

and the Mayoralty nomination
‘It is entirely too eurly to consider these mat-

ters ‘Thereis n doubt that Mr Shepard has

theab.li y to (ili any rosition within the gift of

But we do not ore to be able to
th

is side o 1@ river unless

it should be conceded to us *

It is said that as between Shepard and Coler
Mr Steviin wo: id much fer the form
candidate for Mayor. - @ former 06 6