IN THE FOOTBALL WORLD.

TIGERS EXPECTED 70 ’
IN THE GAME AGAINST YALE,

Princeton Eleven Will Play Desperately and
May Furnish Some Surprises~Overconfi-
dence on the Part of the Ulecs May Upset
Calculations. Vaiaable Points Aboot the
Gridiron Sport for the Benefit of the Novice,

men continue to believe that their

‘Varsity eleven will defeat Princeton

on Saturday They have figured it out on

form and they appear to vo satisfied with the
outlook Impartial critics, however, who have
seen the Princeton eleven since the defeat at
the hands of Columbia fee! that the Tigers will
furnish something in the nature of a surprise

The Tigers may have shown many weak points

axninst both Cornell and Columbia but it has

pot been forgotten that they played desperate
football against both Lafayette and Brown,

For this reason there ts ground for the belief

that the Jerseymen will play the flercest kind

of a game against Yale and will not give up
until the last whistle has been blown That

Yale men appreciate the fart that the Tigere

are due for a big brace is shown in thelr un-

willingness to offer more than § to 8 on che

Blue eleven Taking the performances of the

erat

two elevens into consideration, Yale ap-
pears to be worthy of at least 2 ft 4,
but the ‘Tigers’ habit of playing their
best game of the year against Yale lias

caused the Blues’ backers to be cautious with
their money. Other Pringeton tearns have
apparently been certain of defeat and yet have
won by phenomenal spurts assisted by fortu-
pate plays, such as the long run by Arthur Poe
in 1808 and the fleld goa) last year by the same
player. As far as gameness and pluck go,
Princeton has never been found wanting
Those who wear the orange and black on Satur-
day will go agalnst the Yale prepared to do
or die. Vhat is the characteristic of the Tigers,
and their friends are hoping for the best, though
they realize that the Yale eleven, as it suinds,
{s the strongest combination that has been
sant out of New Haven since 1801. Princeton's
back field, according to competent Judges,
can be made more powerful than at any pre-
vious time this season by using Meler at quarter,
Hodgman and Reiter at the halves and Matt\s
at full back. These men are big and strong

enough to have somo suceess with Yale 4
burly defence. But the Princeton
rush line needs considerable bolstering

up to make ft elfective enough to withstand
the assaults of such heavy players as Still-
man, Brown and Hale--if te last named player
is allowed to take part in the game. Prince-
ton’s weak points are at the tackles and ends,
where Yale, with such flyers as Dupee and
Fincke, can be expected to make many tries
If the Tigers perfect their defensive tactics

eo that Yale's scoring ability can be held in
check, it ie tuought that Princeton will im-
rove as the gauine progresses. lhe eleven
fins been naturuily deprived of self-confidence
y the Columbia and Cornell setbacks, but
experts say thal if the Tigers can begin Satur-
day's conflict under favorable auspices they
wil strike a g@it t may upset the cauleula-
dons of the New haven eleveo Tne Latiie
may be decided inside of the first aalf und
then again it may be anybody's game
until the second half ia well under way
An inclination on the part of Yale to be
overcontident might result fatally. Yale, it
will be recalled, was so confident of beating
Coluinbla 40 to 0 that the wearers of the (lue
were taken completely off their feet by the
unexpected sharp playing of Saniord’s men
in the first half and nearly hali of the second
period. Possibly Princeton may do just what
Columbia accomnmlisihed. With these argu-
ments Princeton men havefbeen led to believe
that Yale will not have a walkover and many
conservative Yale supporters are not looking
or a sure thing, either. Football hus always
een productive of surprising reversals of
form. Star elevens have been beaten by
teaine that on their previous records looked
to be inferior. Few football crities will
forget the downfall] of the great Princeton
eleven of 1807, when it was beaten in the inst
ditch by a Yale team that had been despised
Only two weeks ago the supposedly invincible
Pennsylvania eleven was outplayed and crushed

 
 

| bined with the urging of the coaches had 4

   

SS

ansparencies with

 

tered at Intervals we!
such motwes as thes “Bring on the Elis.”
“Of course well win” and “Yale can't twist

IMP BEATEN AT AQUEDUCT,
the ‘Iiger's tail.” The cheering and shout-

Ing was alimogt incessant, 60 that when the | THE PUBLIC IDOL SHARES THE

warade brought up at the feld at about 2 o'¢loe FATE OF ALL THE FAVORITES
bere was scrreely a man who could speak | — ee
above a wilsper, altuougi all mnade an effort
to cheer and to sing during the entire practice |
that followed. The werk to-morrow und |
the next day Will be coniined lo running through '
@ignals, Secret prac ice was held after the |
eam The serub glivers were not allowe
to break training to-night but will be kept
on the squad through the last game, so Wat
the Tiwers will have a relie! force to fall back
Upon in case there be a large nunber of ip:

 

 

 

 

Kastile at Twenty to One Finishes in Front
of Trampet and the Noted Black Mare in
the Handicap for All Ages Karas Outrides
Walsh in Two Driviog Etuishes—EKutries,

That local racegoers are joath to abandon the
sport is apparent, for an unusually large crowd
turned out yesterday for the last day but one
of the Aqueduct. meeting. As an additional

Juries '
commons incentive the Management provided an at-
Campnipor, Noy, 14. Capt. Daly. of the ‘
Harvard football oleven waa ont on " goldiers’ tractive card, in fact the best one presented
Field this aternoon, but not in his football ) during the meeting. Followers of form were

again on the wrong side and the favorites
were beaten iv succession, not one winning.
The biggest upset of the day occurred in the
first race, a handicap for all ages at about
seven furlongs. The public idol, the black
mare Imp, was among the starters. The fact
that she had top weight didn't make any dl!-
ference and she opened up an 8 to 5 favorite
em In her preliminary gallop Imp did not show

ou cat ihe best practice game a“ he ree her usual speed and her price receded to 3 to 1.
was claret between dia colunbia, 'Varsi’ | There was also heavy playing on ‘Trumpet,
Heaper, Maribert and a few others. The

togs. Eaton took Daly's place in bed to-day
and Kenda!l was forced t> spend another day
in the same place, The cold bracing air com-

fod effect on the ‘Varsirs ‘There waa more
ie in the play, but the line is still ploying
high, and falls to follow the ball, Fincke
had hetcer control of the team than usual and
got into the plays faster lie backs oon.
tinue to be slow, On defence the playing
{a still poor,

 

 
  

side plavers, at columbia Field yesterday

The feature was the surprising work of Hlol- | race resulted tn a surprising reversal In form
man and Townsend, the new ‘Varsity backs ' .
who electrified the crowd by their long runs | °? the part of Bastile. In 4 race a few days
and pheaomenal dodging. Ranford was not [ ago he was an even money favorile over A
“ fie! a ands net mor er are the | field of maidens, but did not show any speed

‘ hoartiv f av “We shoe t ° 5 «

through lett ta Ble tok triste ct snd ¥ rk. "fer Yesterday his price was 20 to | and Bastile was
poling over twice, Sloceviteh plaved full} @ different horse, as he was in front from the

start to finish and after a hard drive lasted
long enough to beat Trumpet a head,
Walsh, in an attempt to ride a whipping

finish, dropped Trumpet’s head and this was
enough to allow Bastile to win Walsh's mount
in the second race Was Annie Thompson, who
War beaten a nose by Orienta, Which was the
latter's maiden victory Mesaba Wus an eveu-
wioney favorite over the fleld, with Ashes and
Annie Thompson the best pluyed of the others
When the flag fell it Was to a strageling start,
with Ashes the leader, but in a few strides
Mesaba bad passed her and she led to within
a furlong from home | Then Annie Thonp-
gon and Orienta moved into the lead and it
Was nip and tuck between them to the ft ish
Hlad Walsh sat still and ridden with his hands
Annie Thompson might have won, but he re-

back on the seruh and fooled the ‘Varsity a

number of tine by his tong punts Ever)
body left the feld with the opinion that the
Annapolis gatne is a preity

aire victory for
Columbia “if the faculty committee leaves the
men alone,” as one of Lae players expressed it
Irmaca, Nov, 14. Cornell's ‘Varsity went
at the 4erub tearn for blood to-day and at the
close of the practice had made thirty pointa
Two twentyeninute halves were plaved, and
the firet team kent up thelr epeed and eanap
t the end of the practices, Cant, Starbuck
wns not on hand, but all the other ‘Varsity
nlevers were there. The team will leave for
Faston on Thursday night

 

AMHENST, Nov 14--Ine Amhers! team Is not |
atal: dishourtened at Cho result of (he game of | 4 ’
Jast Saturday with Wil janis hose who saw | sortedtothe whipand Annie Thompson swerved,
the game doubt very much whether Che score Walsh straightened her ont quickly, but, tinisii-
would vot have bean reversed were Amherst not | ine, Burns outrede Walsh at the finish, and
ro Peaviy handicapped by lack of weight. | Orenta Won by the shortest of heads Walsh's
Ther are oniy tw ore gtines on the geledule | hackers did better in the third race, for he
for this s-oson, with Atuherst Agrf-ultural Col- | landed Talusain front, With the favorite, Double
}geand wih Wesievan The latter is the last | Dummy, in seeond place, as Talusa made all
of the dl, warue game Wesle: an isto meet Wile | the running and Won by a length and a hall
li m<on saturday and should win, as four of | Double Dunumy's defeut Was caused by Judce
the Wiliams men eannot pay again this season | Tarvin In the last furlong, When Double
owtug to injuries recived nthe Amherst garie, | Duruimy was aking his run next to the rail,
This Wil make Wesicvan the champion | Judge Tarvin «Werved and sent Double Dummy
if ehe then defeats Atnherst, or i¢ | againat the fence, almostknocking him down,
defexted by Atihirst, the championship | Buoker pulled up quickly and then Went after
Will be a tie between the three  col- | Talusa, but the distance Waa too short When
leges, Only twoof the Amheret team will be Double Duramy returned to the stand it Was

uton the of foreleg

 

 

  
 

eraduated this year Lhe only twomen turtin | seen that he hada bad «

Saturday's aame were Cook, whose knea was Only a field of four ranin the fourth. Rolehe

badiy wrencled, and Bowinad, a freshman tafe | of the Garter Was sent to the post an odds-on
dhs upkle broken. [tis expected | choice. During the race there was consid.

bock wie
that Cook wil be able to fll his) ace at deft
tackle w.en Ainherst and Wesieyan lineuD @
Ween from Saturday

erable foul riding, by which Knight of the Gar-
ter suffered. Sir Fitzhugh set the pace for
the field to the stretch when Philippine went
to the front followed by Knight ef the Gorter
In the run home the finishing powers of Burns
counted and Philippine won by a short head
In the final sixteenth Burns squeezed Knight
of the Garter and after he had made his weight

 

New HAVEN, Nov. 14—What the Yale football
team didto-da) isa@rjsster). Theteampract.ged
foran | our in secret he coaches said that

 
  

Perr. thaw waastil placing full back and that ;

the. intend 10 keep hiin there and that they | Walsh entered & protest whic hh was not til
have no idea of moving him to tackle or to fins lowed. The Puritan was the choice of the
other position. The taing iat puzzles the thirteen two-year-olds in the fifth race. He
erities bs What pew styles of play dale is prac led for six furlongs, but fared so that Queen

y yards and

 

Carnival passed him in the last fft

    
  

 

 

| tuung for the ligers. The impression ts gen- ae

eral that there » something up. There is &@ won easily by two leneths. There were many |
strong sents tarnong ‘ale undergraduates | Bod things in the closing race and the besr
agit closing the gate, They waut to see | proved to he Maple, which had been backed
whot i< gong on and say so ver plain: lrom aitoltolstol The start was a wretched

flenve the couches would not clove thé gates | one Give and Take, which had been backed |
Unless thes deemed it necessary in order from 18 to 1 to 6 to bt, was off several lengths
develop -ome surpri-es for Princeton Two {in front with Maple, while the others were
f ihe atittiteas wi were placing on the | pulling up Give land Take remained tn front
second eleven recelyed Injuries that will lay | t? the stretch, Maple then passed her and,
l after crowding Menomouth Boy, wen by a

them up fer several days. Starles, a half bach,
and Francis a tackle, both got knocks on the
eukle Thein uries are paintul but not serious,
Jt was announced that at least 5,000 seate will
be erected for the \ale-Harvard game. This

Sunimaries
FIRST RACK

Handicap, for all ages. by subseription of $5 each
for borees not declared, with £500 added; about seven

length,

 

 

  

number may be siightly increa if there is | furlong
time. Yesterday the undergraduate managers 'C. Littlefeld, Jr's, b. g. Bastile, 3, by Basset-
decided to add on 4,000 seats. The gradusute | law --Lizzie P. Hooker, 00 uf, Slack)... 1
Advisers aoured on thie plan because the fire | ¢ F. Dwyer’s br. Trumpet, 9. 117 (7, Walsh)... 3
marshal of toe city said the seats could not be j Harness & brossman's bie m_ Imp, 6, 126 Kutter 3
' : : , Di OGodfrey, Maribert, Hesper, May W.. Prestlaigitator
| properly built in so short a Une To-day | pincner, ben Blue, Dame and flun Contig a! 5
larchitects and Contractors went over the «tu. | neher, be rr 7 ane . B4 oP onig also ran
ation and tuis evening it was finally announced Betting —Twenty to | against Hastlle, 16to5 Trum-

by Harvard, when almost certain defeat was |

predicted for the Crimson. Of cour-e, Yale's
remarkable showing against the Indians last
Saturday has been taken as an indication of
sure success, but while Yale plaved great foot-
ball, the Indians were so weak that both Princes
ton and Colunbia,as they played on @lecon da
here, could have beaten the:n with ese
victory over Princeton, all things considered,
will not be regarded as a disxrace for
the Tigers, who have labored wader the
most serious handicaps all season, but a
defeat for Yele. when that eleven is considered
to be one of the finest that has ever defended
the Blue, would probably plunge both under-
duntes and alumni into the deepest gloom.
hysical condition is bound to cut an importang
Reure. The Yale men are a powerful lot and
rainer been
for this game But

ike Murphy has gradually

getting them on edge
y have not been drawn too fine for the reason
that they must be fit for Harvard a week from
Saturday. As this is Princeton's last game
of the season, however, the ligers will be
trained to the top notch, which should mean
the height of aggressiveness and speed. Prince-
ton'’s showing, therefore, depends almost
wholly upon the condition of the men, their
gwameness and the ekill of the smali army of
coaches who have been et work during the
Inst ten days. Hard, earnest football must
be played by the Jerseymen for Yale will uo-
douvtedly try to win by the most lmpressive
seore possible, Altogether the game appears
to be an interesting affair even though Prince

 

ton seems to be confronted by a dificult propo- |

altion.

Though the big college football game- always
attract thousands of spectators raauy of then
do not Know the fine points of the @ame, but
atiend merely beoause of college lo. ait Here
are a few points, therefore, that may be of in-
terest to the novice:

The pla) ing field or eridiron is 330 feet long
and 160 faet wide It is marked o'f with chal)
lines at ever) tive ards from one end of the
surface totheother. The goal posts are located
at each end. the distance between the post.
being 18 feet 6 inches, while the bar, over which
the bail must pass to secure a goal, is 10 feet
high A football team is made up of eleven
plavers, including two ends, two tackles, two
fuards. a centre, @ quarter back, two half

vacks and a full back. Seven of these men
or rather the ends, tackles, guard. and centre,
conatitute the rush line and thes are direct,
opposed to the rush line of the rival team on
what is known as the line of scrimmage. The
@ame 13 started by the kickeoll The ball i»
faced in the middle of the fleld and is

icked into the terror of whichever
team wins the toss After the  irheo'!
the eleven which recelves the ball in this man-
ner may either kick it or run it back When
4 plaver starts to run with the bail it is the

uty of the opposin, taam totackle him = When
the man with the ball is stepped it is called
a “down” After a down, the teams Ine up
and a acrimmage follows nless the ball
is advanced five vards on four downs, it goes
to the other team When an eleven finds
that it cannot main five yards in the required
time, a punt is generally resorted to, which
means a high kick into the opponent's terri-

 

 

tory. If a player, while catching a punted
ball, places his heel in the ground, it means
that he wo trying for ao “tar cateh
and must not ” interfered with

by any of his opponents A lair
eateh allows the privilege of 1
free kick or a goal trial from placement which
is accomplished by kicking the ball when it us
held in place by another plaver, When an
elaven, by rushing or carrying the ball, crosses
the opponents’ goal line, a touchdown has been
made. A touchdown counts tive points. The
goal from a touchdown Consists in Kicking the
ball from a placement over the cross bar unc
counts one point. A goal from the tleld is
made either by a kick from placement or 4
drop kiek from behind the serimnmage, and
counts five points. A drop kick ts mude b,
letting the ball drep from the hands and kick-
{ it the instant it mses from the ground. A
safety touchdown is made when one eleven
takes the ball behind its own goal
line in order not to give” the other
eleven aA chance to score. A safety
counts two points against the side moking
it. A plaver is offside when he gets across
the line €ujrded by the oppoving eleven bee
fore the ball is put in play. The ball is pot
in play by the centre rush, who snaps it buck
between his legs te the quarter back, who
can hand It to any man he chooses for an ad-
vance. A player is offside when he is ahead
of the ball as it ia kicked by one of his own
elde. The use of tits, tripping, throtthng
and unnecesfaty roughness are forbidden,
and can be punished by expulsion or the
of ground he: Mcials are an umpire, reforee
and linesmen. The umpire watehes the plivers
and the referee look¢ afterthe ball. The lines
men keep the thme and measure the grevr
gained. A full wame consists of two halves,
of thirty-five minutes eacl, actual time, with
an intermission of ten minutes

 

 

 

 

  

PRINCRTON, Nov. 14--1he Princeton eleven
received a rousing reception this afternocr
when it lined up against (ie scrubs on the
university field tor the last practice match
of the season The desvonstration, how-
ever, started early fn the sfternoon when the
students turned cut to a man in the eld eal.
lego quadrangle Then the 1.200 men were
marshalled into line in order classes and
tue parade that followed was one of the big

est and most er is} stic that has ever been
vald here before a char pions iip game Heoded
by a file and drum cor, s, the long line moved: ff
across the carpus and in Voseau street Scat.

i Nov. 3,

that the additional seats will surely be built et, Sto 1 Imp, 6 to 1 Godfrey, & to 1 Maribert, 8 to 1
There are enough applications on hand from Weaver, 10 to i May W., 89 to ! Preatidigttator, 100
Yale and Jlarverd graduates to use up every | tot Pincher, 400 to 1 Ben Blue, $00 to 1 Dame, 20 to 1
one oi the 20,000 seats Elfin Conig.

Poinappipnta, Po., Nov. 14—Pennavivania
meets the indians on Saturiay and they are
still laying in ragged form. After the regu- | $400
lation ten minutes of poor play to-day the | furlon : :
'Varsite braced and plaved rather good ball. A. brunont's eh, f, Orlenta, by Henry of Navarre

The lineeur lacked MoeCracken, Graves, Zim- —Oriagal, 108 (T. Burne); . .. 1
mernin, Hodge and Wallace, and this may W. 1. Kilpatrick's eb. f. Annie Thompson, 100 (T. |

account for the poor showing. The first two | ¢ Wiineld: Jr's, eh. f Meaaba, 100 (Littietield) "8
were fevling lively as crickets and though Reloa, Ashes and Galllmar also ran
they took plenty of exercise they did not get Time, 1.01 8&5
into the game Retting —Fimht to egpinet or sale 5 to 1 Annte
aimed Thompson, even money 2 esaba, 10 to 1 Reina, $to 1

Football Notes, Ashes, 80 to } Gallimar
Pa.—Hill, 28, Royersford Profes THIRD RACH

Selling. for three-year olds and upward which have
not won $500 tn 1d, by s sption of $5 each; with

$490 added one mile and ards
1 Mocaflerty’s en. & ‘Taluca, 4 by Nomad—

SPCOND RACB.

For twoeyear-old fillies which have run and not
won at the bieeting; by subsertption of 28 each, with
Aded, wefght* 10 pounds below the scale; five

 

    
 

 

 

At Pottstown,
sionals, \)

At Cornwall-ov-Hudson—New York Miltary Acade-
my, 23. Fishkill! Military Academy, 9

The Montelalr Miltary Acad my defeated the New
Jercey Miliary Acidemvyv yosterc ay afternoon at
Monteie!: by a seovre of 3 tot?

The ligerA C. bas Sunday, Nov, 24. open for «
team averaging 155 pounds Will qive a suitable
guarantor. Address Joseph FE. Reydel, 401 Grantham
avenue, lirooklyn

For the frat time this reason those old-time rivals
at Geile fovibal. the Kiekhamsof New York and the
Barrys of Jersey City. will meet nest Sundays They
will pliy at the Weeboaken round liefore the
Irish came the West Now vork Fieid Club's unde

 

=

Sweet, 102 (1. Wals 1
irstie'sh @. Double Dummy, 6, 192 (Booker)... 2
A. scuwarte’s br gg. Tension, § 94 (Brennan) 3
larvin, Radford, Magic Light and Isiington

=

dudze

also ran
Time, 14638

Betting —Eive to 2 against Tatuca £8 to 5 Double
Dummy, 100 to 1 Tens'on, 0 to 2 Jude Tarvin, 6 to 1
Radford, 7 to 1 Magic Light, cot) 1 Islington,

FOURTH RACE

Selling; for three year olds and upward; by sub-

seription of $5 each, with $400 added one mile anda

 

 

feated cleven Will play Rugby footoall with the Ever aixt th
eve t Si secetise
itt College team. : ; W. Hueston & Co.’sb. ¢ Phillipine, 3, by Str Dison
Groron, Mase Nov, 16—Grot.n School defeated Phaiia, 196 «furns 1
the University School of Cleveland by a score of 660 | pS Pp. Randolph's b. Lk. Knight of the Garter, 6,

.

Bina cosely coested game this afternoon Bolton 1t4 (Walsh) :
the university full back, who ts contug t) Hurverd | prisnic & Co.'s ch. « Sirk \tizhugh, 3, 88 (Booker)... 3
pxt yar, Keck da Goal from the field at the 30 Carbuncle alse ran,
yard iin Carter ; e visting at helt back, nade ‘Time, 1:40 15,

acveral sensational runs, one of 90 yards and, had Jetting. Five to 2 against Phillipine, 10 to ® on
his interference been abie to keep up to him, the stem fe the Garter, 15 to | against Sir Fitzhugh
Cleveiand team would have scored Several touck- | 94 2 Carbuncl* *
downs. \ichols made Groton's touendown by break 7 wee ver
{ng clear through the untversity f) wards at thelr 45
yard line and unaided by luierierence, crossed the
Gval line.

FIPTID RACK.
Selling: for two-year-olds; by subseription of §5
each, with $409 added: about seven furlongs
K. J. Hiner’s b. f. Queen Carulval, by Leanatus—
Mary Mullas, i083 (Sbaw a
J.J. MeCafferty'« be, The Puritan, 112(T. Walsh) 2
aca 3. H. Carr's ch. ¢. Billionatre, 106 (Puan

W. B. Thomas ‘e Resign From the Presidency Lite Dalsy, Provost, Ginikt, Prank ‘Mall, eee
ef the U.S. G. A. paaeys, Darbetto, Polliictan, Amorita and Jere Black

Washington B. Thornas, for two years Presi- _—
dent of the U. 8. G. A. has told his friends
that he will under no cireumstances: accept
a renomination and on nest Saturday he will
gill for England to be absent four months

   

 

GOLF.

Time, 127 1.

Retting Three to 1 aga!nst Queen Carnival. 6 to 2
The Puritan, 6 tot Pillonatre, 60 to 1 Frank Hall,
30 te 1 Amprita, 200 to 1) Obey, 60 to 1 Jere Black
2100 to 1, Politiels 100 to 1 Planeur, 60 to 1 Provost,
f to 1 Little Luis), 40 to 1 Girlki, Sto l Barvetto

SIXTIE RACE

 

  

 

It isto be hoped that Mr Thomas may be induced Gelling: for three-year-olds 4 upward, which
to reconsider his) devermination According | have not won since May 1: by subseription of 35 each
to what the golfers said about town yesterday |°With 340) Aa ne Wee cothe aad nm . the scale
c waten allowances: one mle and @ srs
he is tue one man who cannot be spared from | Morell’s b. f. Maple, 4, by Pursebearer— Mald
his post of dit > ible is that while Alyson. 15 (Slack) 1
M Thomas ha 1 golf, the game lias | Hawtoorne Stable's br. vy. Monmouth Boy, 8 103
! oo tiuch of his um (iouker! 2
t.ken up too much of his ume End. Sitpsey’s b. &- Giveand Take, 3 104 (Walters) 3
Ceylon, Ross Clark, 'nele Josh, Cephalalgia,

The annual meeting of the Baltusrol Golf
Clib has been postponed from Saturday to
at 4 P.M. at tho lubhouse The
‘Juank giving Day event will be @ club handi-

ry, lo

Mateulin and Col. Khue also ran

Time, 1:40 4-4,
Fifteen to } awalust Maple, 7 to 1 Mon-
to 1 Gitve and ‘Take, 11 to 8 Ceyton,
nr, 4to t tnele Josh, 8 to 1 Cephalal-
100 to 1 Col. Rhus,

Hetting
fs month toy, ¢
Ns Keller, takes the | 12 i 1 oss ¢
the above | gla, 8 to! Matchim,

   
  

cap) Tie secret

 

 

 

 

focowind igkestive pPostscmpt to
aniouncemcoats
{vn requested by the Greens Committee Foll' wing is the programme for to-day:
to again cal Loe at tion of mmeinbers to the First Race—Three year-olds and over, sejing; $400
faportance Of requirh t' er Paddies to re. | added; avout seven fuiongs
picce the divets of sod) ‘Pils rule cannot be | The Chaw beriain 119 | Fonsolee le?
euloree 1 Wihhout tie cooperation of the | Bethe Gray ! Mordeime. 107
players Huitzilopocaile 15 Spurs 104
his is an expression of opinion that other | Bufoon bi2 | Mivnignt CBimes.....10¢
clubs might copy with good result Howe 169 Charles Estes. 108
" lye . 100) Mereer Ww4
PANGE Noy + } . Rinaldo. oy ‘Temolar 104
Or nore ta ae. = Te ie a 7 — Eas! | Fin, Conig 107 Ringleader ‘ 102
ueG ib m i team of the Essex | Shoreham 107. Decimal ‘ wu

 

County Country Club of \ te ors
OUR Bont Nn the igtiers Course in Second Roece- Handicap for two-year-olds;

 

  

 

     

fi utton Pari th safternoon and were defeated added, five aud a half furiongs
vI2tov lies ofe ra : ;
\e on “tiver Too eres 7
a i vt a wr is oF Howes - Colby 8; Fie ee rtkevees lis shel a «13%
‘ ‘Connor 1 «tare Watson, Jr, 3; Ist r ti1 Mit y - ’
Clarence F. Watson, St, 4 tal, 32 ion cae seen Fae
Last Grange Golf Cluc--fving Gttin, 0; Austen pee .. at Leeriig east tS
¢ igate 0. dary M. Colgate Wilham Kupkle, | Paopenecker 10S Miss Lararone S?
oll, v ‘ al
Third hoce— Three year olds and upward: selling;
ORANGE, Nov. 11.—The finals in the woman's | $4") added: one aalle and 70 yards .
Cwmiupious.ip goof tourmany ut of the Essex | Walt Not 11) | Harry MeCoun ioe
County Coitrs Club were plived off yesterdays King 1 rleyeorn 118 | Prhice Miottat..... ior
afternoon Cet wees Mrs, Edward Mortimer Carn- Ph le Grey 103 qencey vind ‘ =.
rick and Miss Hester téyle, Tue maten was) °°" ae pene ¥6
close unt The end, botu Women playing their Fourth Race~Handieap for all ages; 8500 added
best and being ‘neacoent form. A large | Ont whee d 7) yards
crowd of euthisiasts fodowed them around | Invusive 120) Withers 103
the course Kyle won by 3 up and 1 to Pirst Walp ° lia hing? P.. 1a2
i wv, Both y va turned in Good cards, Miss | Hesper 8 Kaien e Garter. 100
Kyle's being bn 1 Mrs. Cararick’s 102, Gr yore oe Me Rucpester é; Hi
eae . ) te OE
King Darl yoorn 14

Rre, N. ¥., Nov i¢--J } ’ h
3 At the Apawamis Club Fifth Race--Two-year olds; selling: $600 added

 

  

  

 

  

 

to-day toe tind fer he Pros dents cum post- :
} ~ a ftom y 6 Was pityed, S. Ford won ms furlo.gs .
rom MH. Ao Sherman ty 6 up and 6 to piay Mr | Pigs 8 107 S hoo mas.er : wd
crs receive! « bands ap of & strokes in 36 | Works ire Bos ‘oa Coan PTR +s 2
one | ponds 0 1o4 # pout re a oe
the regular ty y weme's handicap at | <0) Fisherman, You) Bid osveeeee on
the Rien mene ‘ub was playet on the | Non parte! 101) Eistelada 93
Siaten Island liak= you e day oftersoon and @ | , Stath Race-All ages; $400 added. one mle and 70
goodly crowdot the «tub iair golfers turned \ ya oy i
out ie pe ticipate The followin, scores were | pereovn ° 188 flandvice, “ o
Landed in ’ hele = futiteid sees
. . a6 “a é Impaitiat 124 muri
Mrs Brophy ize : 108: Mrs. Sanford, 117, 7— | K - ‘ lark is Bitcstne ais aaa 8s
Miss onmehs 187. end Toe Mian Mabel | Bre OKI 119 | Estelada eat
oheet ae" ’ i aor im Webb... cress | bon fy nrte
: 22 Miss Pidmimmer, 194, 30-124; MES | Eiseh ob Donna il nrietta ss
Hiam, tel. s : iirs Ja Montague, cee
36, Mrs. Ralph lane, 145, 8-140 At Chicas
nmmnnptintiniiimennmmadnagie ago.
Vale-Prinecton Pootball Gome--Tiewrta eat A. G. CHICAGO, Now 14.- Chicago's racing season for

Spaidiog & Bros, 126 Nossuu st and fe West d2dsb | Pf is coded and this fact Gives kern satisfaction te
—Ade every one concerned, culcfly Uceause the weather

THE SUN, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1900.

Se AE See

 

teem

 

been decidedly uncomfortable for outdoor sports dur- 7

ing the last few days. Today was the coldest of the ] HE

reason and the regulars wee mate Up the crowd at W TH T HARN ESS HORSES

wae fon be Kg ane Sid chetenn win mag. the

or ersa a " anin: ' y ‘

majority of the races. Considering the veason the Two INTERESTING BRUSHES BETWEEN

card Was & good one, and if te weather had been ALICE BARNES AND ALVES,

oe eee eye erthe berecs Bere. bow will be

1. yy © . ’ s be a i

shipped iS: vam rleane but some will go to Call- , Selly Brediey and Gea. B. F. Tracy's Year.

,foruia The years ractng has been the best in point ling Colt Wil) He Rivats for the 614,000
Stake at Lerington Neat Season Eth'yn.,

of pstrone ge in the bistory of Chicago. Summary: |
First Hice—Five and @ holf furiongs—Emma Rk, Now a 2:13 1-4 Pacer, Was Hought for 825,
‘There was not much of a crowd on the Kpeed-

 

 

 

     

102 (Cochran), 1! to 5, won Goebel 110 (lully), $ to
a seed, Open. 10u (A. Weber), 6 wo 1, tnira
me,
Second Hace ~Five and a half furlongs-Algareta, 4 yesterday afternoon, the raw wind that
104 (T O'Brien), S10 |, wou, Mong Muss, 06 (Rar blew up the river kept the pedestrians away
fom), @ oF, second; Sly, 107 (Tully, 3 tol, thud and only a few of the most enthusiastle road
oun Race Seven tyrone on ver iret os 6drivers wereout. EF. Bo Smathers and Nathan
oe ) », ; ; JW : ;
forms Atcha o" thaasnmh i seabed | Berane were on hand to setle thelr argument
“ume, 1.27 1-5, as to the merits of the clever little mare Alice
Fourth Race-One mile and an eignth—Aloball., | farnes andthe bay gelding Alves, b rae t
03 (A. Wever), even, woo; Florizar, 103 (Flaasom), 4 | ay . & es, both trotters,
0 1 seound: porvol, 102 (Alexander), even, thud | which have shown their ability to etep through
§ ‘me 4 4. atr * ‘4 v : “ e
Fitth Roce-One mile and @ quarter~ Major Man- | the stretches very fast. Their first “go” prom-
sir 57 Cochran), 4 to 1, Wom: Frangible, 108 (Ran- | sed to bea gruolling one, as they got off on
fora). 04s 8. enenee: Strangest, 103 (A Weber), even, | falriy even terms and were inaking a neck-and-
aan vce ee atle~Brewnie Anderaon, #7 neck brush of itata rattling pace, when, unfor-
(Rausom), 3to 1, won; Oxnard. 102 (Alezanden), & : .
apnoomn) Fie ete ode lua Cf. Cadeni 1) te | *ansttly: Alice Barace wens to a break and that
8, tiird. Time, 1:42 2-5. | made it too easy for Alves. For the second
——— brush professional drivers were put up. Char-
At Newport. ley Thompson drove Alves and George Spear
4 CINCINN ATT, fier, 4 - Racing woe reousped to tooled Alice Barnes. Alves had the hest of the
jay at Newport for second term all me
fig. and In spite ct tne disagreesbly cold weather the start, but the little mare went after him like a
pttendsnce ea, "a and me en Ly 8 were kept , Kanaas cyclone and directly after rounding
airly busy & ower in the sixth race was tue ‘ “ar ,
pi eransunard tavoritetowio. Summaries: | the bends he hid closed up the gap and it looked
First Race Six anda balf furlonga—Horse Shoe | ax though she <o going to take the lead. mut
Thompson soo a link or two out of the gelding
|

Tobsceo, |12 Usassinger), 7t01, Won; Lake Ponso,
ie tse} a Brulare. 111 (Dupee), 90 | gud he kept just a shade in front to the point
“Second Race Five ang @ half lunonge— Prima IL, | of rocks, where the mare got her head a trifle
197 (May), 5 to 1, won; Sehoo! For Scandal. 118 (Du: | thew w a j
on a4 edad Barbara M. 112 1J. WinkMeid), in front. They went past the finishing port
as though they were hooked to pole. Those

We Lutte One’ mile 60¢_8. aizteonth—Seub

Third Ruce-One mile @ aixteenth—Seuber, irecuy . . fir

108 Borman), £ to t. won; Eltbolin, 111 (J. Wrow | Who stood direcuy on a line with the finish

field’, Sto 2, second, Beana, 06 (1. Knight, 4to 1, could not agree as to which horse was the victor;
some said they saw Alves’> head in front as they
ashed by, while others deciared that Alice

nép Wasin the lead. Alves was tiken home

an

third. ‘Time, t a7
Fourth Race - Five furlongs—Seroy 108 (J.
after one or two short spins Alice Barnes
Was sent to her stable

Winkneid), 2 to 1, won; Masicr Mariner, 105 (Bas-
singer’, 6 to 1, eccond: Earl Fonso, 04 (W ond ry), |
¢
Dt H. H. Kano, drivin
Dariel, and Allie Trout of Boston, with the
pacer Moth Miller, had a remarkably fast dash
down from Dykeman street. They were head
and need all the way and going very fast. but
Moth Miller finished a soant neck in thelead
Those who saw the brush thought Darel would
pers won bu for the facet ‘ hat ay was crowded
y Trout’ who is a professional driver, and
Tod Sloan May Not Receive av English License, the 95 ectators did not look upon it as a fait
Special Cadie Despatch to THR SUN. trig
° The trotters entered for the Speedway cu
Lonpon, Nov. 18.—According to Truth, Tod | gt the National Hore Show, presented by Dr.

 

12t) 1, third. Time, 1:02, Sevoy coupled to betti

with Ep.

}ifth Race—Sia furlonge—Bthel Md 107 (J.
Winkfield), 4 to |, won: Duellst, 115 ( singer), 7
to 10, second; Jim Winn, 110(T. Knight), 12 to 1,
third Time, 114

Sisth Race—One mile and 70 rards—Left Bower,
14) (J. Winktleld), 7 to 10, won) Pita, 103 (dfeGinp),
IZ tol, second: Saguensy. 07 (T, Knight), 11 to $,
third> Time, 1.47

his pacing mare

 

 

Sloan will not ride in Fngland in 1901. The | li. H Rane, ab me Judaer "9 t Jhureday
paper says it is very improbable that he will | morning ie } eid cup for Speedway
“eta license if he applies for one, | pe wi Ge compares Fr on Peay ae

 

ae Dr. 1. H. Gurney of Goshen is handing a
yearling filly by Stamboul, out of Saur S.,
by Sweepstakes. She has been named Sally
radiey and ts owned by Thomas Bradivy,
or, Gurney is using the experience be gained
in Kentucky in developing @arly speed on his

LIPSCHUETZ THE WINNER AT CHESS,

Showalter Gets the Second Prize and Hodges
Ie Piaced Third.

Early yesterday morning the three games of

¢ ’ tre wee -
the final roundin the tournament at the Man- | ie eh per pe 74 PT ee * here
| hattan Chese Club were concluded. Lipschuetz | she will be taken for her debut on the turf

had beaten Showalter, and therefore took the Ven. B. F. fl racy of the t(Marchland stud, has
first prize, Sucwalter was placed second and # Yearling colt, by Kentucky Wilkes, Jr., whien
Hodges third, whe Hymes, liodges and Mar- is being shaped for the same race and there
ehaly followed the priz+ takers in the order Will be @ great deal of rivalry between the

Orange county youngsters. he colt won

a

 

nawed. flere are the ecores of the fluai games,
oon’s G . $ | the blue ribbon over Sally Bradley on Tuxedo
| QUEEN'S GAMBIT DECLINED. ’ : :
Showalter, Lipschuetz Showalter, Lipschuetn | Day at the Goshen horse show and the filly's
{ eae ala woe i i trainer will let out every link to beat him when
1 1P- gs P Q4 RH Rak ’ they meet on the track where speed alone
cp Oss PRS 27 kt Q7 Be Witoount,,
3Kt Vhs ht KS | 24 QxQ fs Janes Golden, the Boston trainer, recently
4b KS QKt Q2 whe Do P Qs bought the trotter Farris, 2 1i':, drom R.A
1 $P KS B K2 sOP- Qiks Pap Fairbairn of Weatfleld. Farris was driven ,
6R BB Castles 31 PxP R- Ra during the past season by Ed. Rowne. He |
7kKi KBS k K 82 B. Qs BxQre started in but four races and showed all the
8 8 Q3 $3 BaP $ be points of a good racehorse. He will be cam-
0 can sik Kt 7 palgned from Mr. Golden's stable next year.
ee , mo Q BxP lhe paauge nuuwe Bthiyn ©., whieh now has
uf $8 mip. thr, ae a record of 212%, by Greystone, son of Nut-

S6 Kt RG wood, was picked up for a song last November

 

  
   

12
; 135 Ke 871k QB R-Kte c . u ,
KR 4 . in Chicago, by F. D, Chesboro, of Delavan,
isha i 3 P i p ei Wis She was untried at the time of the sale
| 16 Hxkt aoB. he R- K? and no one wanted her. Mr. Chesboro got
17Q ks '41P Kis) PxP her for $25
is R3 42 PxP B- Qs Charles (“Doe”) Tanner returned to New
10 Pap 43 Kt. B7 Bae York ve-terday from a short trip to Kentucky
) 209 Ks - 44}ixPoh BaB where he went to look over one or two good
[3 eOyetn pb Daten) So Age ER | Pree ine etslliok, Gleperan 2:23}
1h it +- Ktg é 1@ Maine stallion, Glenarm, 2.234%, which
a2 “ ee bs q7K-B i. R- KS fed recently, bad the dirtinetion * beir
24Kt KS Qs 46K-Kt2 K Ra the first trotter to lower the Maine State record,
ca on pant ae aka ond Resign 2:26';, made by Flora Temple {n 1A56
20 3 hrs. 15 min. 1s. “Ed Galvin. who gave Lord Vincent, 2:08%,
QUEPN'S GAMBIT DECLINED, hic early education, i+ wintering at the Cleve
Marshall Nodges Marsuiall. Hodges. and ves ye Celerity, 210%, and Marjory
* hite. ack. White. Black. urch, 2.2736
IP ga P- Qa | ai1Kt bs R-Ke Dav d Akin, Waterford, N. ¥., is_ drivi
Bit uns fete Rees | Rohe Ane, § Om BT ¥ aur’ he
‘ : n that city, after a succes ful season on the
setifis Be BPS LR | hah mip tricks
6P--K3 P bs | thr. 49 mie. 1b 20 mia. Gus Macer, the Kentucky tratner, who de-
7B gs sP 36 Kal’ ~ Ral m veloped such good trotters as Beyzetta, 2:064,;
BiixP i Q4 37K KE RK R?7ch Cat Glass, 2.10%,,and others, has a four-vear-old
ob KKw BK 38K BS Rh Kta green trotter named Country Jay that be eon-
1g Ki Q HA 80 R- Bech K-82 sidere a world-beater. He is by Jay Hawker,
nk B Kt Q2 4)R Bion K- Ks dam by Parkville. Country Jay is being ox-
1; Cates Kiger) Ree “8 “peed Ri R4 ercised on wecer's track at Versailles, Ky,
A wtah ™ 42 43 4(Kt4)~Ke7 | which naturally is not as fast as that at
igh ys HS 48 P Ktéch Pap ington, yet he worked the gelding . at Lowe
18 QxQ tx | 44 Pstoh K RS 210, Inst half in s927{: Inst) quarter in g0%;
1 Qks nist 3 # r asi seconds, a splendid performance under the
i ™ | iN cirenmstances
1 P git a Rabeo | Kap John Kinney j
Bkesy bRe | BM ng | lint Ring anaine mare ee
: $5 mim | 50R-Q? N R3ch from Scott Hudson a three-year-old trotting
2 Pep | 61K 35 K4 filly by Haxhall She has been driven in 216%, |
| §: nak 82 P Rt Reena The pedigree of York Poy. 209',, has been |
| 23 P BS | 8K O48 R(PA xP traced) He is by Robert McGregor, dam Foxy
: P-QRr4é 54R-QKtI7R(KA) -KSch | McGregor, second damn Toxv, by Senour's
| 2 KR Q SOK Qs R KBS Davy Crockett, third dam by Legal Tender, Jr.
i 3 te zpeure 1 hr. 50 min, The New England reineman, Lester Dore
2 P B4 mK OS Dis 4 { who made a qwunpaign of thirty-one weeks
| > kh Oh | Resigna 5)- QS + this year, wontwenty-eight first, eleven second,
| gn Kt 2 hr 3 mint he. 81 min, | @% third and seven fourth moneys

I ubing horse and records the other day,

 

 

RUW Loprz. DeWitt Flanagan, owner of "or:
Hymes Baird, Hymes. Batra. ones, asked a parts of horsemen ff here rae
Ww hue black. W hate. _ Black, a record for tandem teams, and not one had
1P Ki Pp-Ké4 a1 Psp Kt us ever heard of one
zhi ha Ke gue | 20 Ke Kt gs “Well, then,” said Mr Flanagan, “Tam going
SH KO ; 3 aBx aB to put a tander . ' nd ”
ab .RS Kt 53 a4 hap \ o puta tandem pair together and set a mark
oP Qs Pr Qs | 35Kt -H3 3 he I'll put up a team and race you,” Barney
ar gba B Re | thy. 4S mis. 2 hee Demarest said. “I think [can get up a tandem
7Qht Qg2 P KR 36 QOS B Ké that will trot a mile in 2:30 or better ”
St BN bh ge 37 Kul, Pxke "T don't believe that will beat me, and I'll
vit Kits P Qkt osR Ka Bxb have to go vou,” replied Mr Flanagan
hs 2 P ‘ 4 40 psh Rap The experiment may be tried on the Morris-
i" Castles Paes “ R Be g Sh, town track before December
ya ke Kt Kk 42R-R4 ROA r
wh OKA Kt .Q3 43R Ka kK. Q7 M’GRAW TALKS RASEBALL.
iSQR 9 K 44Q Ka ¢ 4
oP Ki Kts 3 ‘
35 Ks R_O % 3 ae Be Saye Baltimore Will Bein the American League
wht H2 P is | 47 ged RxQ and St. Louls Owes Him Money.
wkKt HS KtxKt | 48 Ae R :
bo Paikt B Be WP -KRe Tos John J. McGraw, the well-known baseball
. a min tere min. | oF s? NR Q7 player, who wants to manage a team In Balu-
PRR. OB Qs SARs bn? more next season, arrived in town yesterday
23 ht re Be K2 4a P Re PxP to spend several days McGraw has been con-
3 Flag © ne | & k i, forring with Ban Johuson, President of the
; others interested in

American League, and
the plan of that organization to extend its
circuit eastward According to McGraw, Balti-
more will be in the American League next
year and he will manage the new club in that
city, assisted by his partner, Wilbert Robinson,

oak n° h R2

27K OR 3

2s Ke Rg

bi § Qs Qh
Qha sr

The final record:

| 2ura. 38 min.2hrs. 5

| $6P--bBa K Ke aad
| Drawn.

} 2hra 54min. shrs. 2mln,
1

 

 

> ¥ eis » |
3 g i e | 8 s ; both of whom were prime movers in the Ameri-
N > | i = BE. can Association movement, which failed |
ween € & ft spring McGraw said to THE Sty reporter
s | r last night
i : : “Robinson and a pave ope ‘red an American
chuets, t= 1 —) 212101 ie) “ar ~- | League franchise for Baltunore and we are
Lapses 010 Eis. 14 ; (it te : ; oing ahead with our preparations at once.
Hodges 114 OM—i (OO Me Me tits | Neither of us can be held by the St. Louis Na-
Hymes olu @ vltiti Bieolile | tional League «lub for the reason that there
Pated 0 0 0 MN Me te — ol dl ayy) Mere no reserve clauses In our contracts and
Marshall OO WOOO TiO) 1! oO; = mag, the St Louis club did not fulfil its contracts
. —- nn ; i with us The club owes me $1,100 and owes

_ Lost. 21 8 | Kobinson $900. According to the contract
used in the National League if salaries are not
paid in full within tive days after the close
of the chamiple mahie season a plaver is free
to sien where he pleases We intend to re-
cover this money from the St. Louts club and
if any attempt Is made to restrain us from
playing tn Baltimore we will take the

 

 

Helgian Hare Show at Chicago,

Cricago, Nov. 14.- More than 600 Belgian
hares of distinguished lineage occupied cages
fy the exhibit of the American Belgian Hare

tuatter into the courts. The American

Association al 262 South Clark street to-day } } Fastenal ¢
vial . J ce ‘)} Jeugue has guarantee oO protect us. |

and nervously nibbled at their straw bedding | Aer ha timore eljib will have Fes ty « fGocsane
while long lines of people passed to and fro financidly. It will not pay five certs for the
in the narrow aisles. ‘Che most valuable ani- | ball park owned by the ional League in
inal on exhibition is Lerd Bancroft owned by | Baltimore but will build another, better located
H.C. Reinhold, President of the American | Which will be made a permanent home for our
Relaiin Bare Association of North America | team. As for as plavers are concerned Balti-

Lord Bancro!t has taken a number of prizes | Mme! swillhaveawinner The American League
upon will be Washington, Baltt-

 

   

before, consequently there was no sur cirenit agreed

j : i } irprise | clr

when the judges unaniinouely awarded hire | Whore, {Siladelp! fa and Buffalo in the East
the first prive to-day. His owner values him | With Chicego, Cleveland, Detroit) and Mil

at #20000 The Northwestern

Belek waukee inthe West. We will have the plave
Company took the second and third ate ! and the support of the public because the levers
the imported buek class and Lewis M. Simpson | lean League reeans to build up the netional
took fourth prize | game, not kill ft! ”
Animals ranging in value from $1,000 to | .. By Joining forces with the American League
common in the exhibition, and | MeGraw and Robinson have knocked the
were also litters of young animals which | bottom out of the proposed National Associa-
held at fanev flgures. Among some | Hen, a8 far as Raltimore ts concerned. The
exhipi. | Association wants baltinore, but MeGraw and
Leopold, London Queen, Terry } FKobinson hold the key to the s tuation in that
The exhibit wil] , city rhe American Teague, cetens.bly
this expantion scheme, has

   

|

|

|

{

were

jet the more valuable animals at the

tion are Lady
MeGovern and Oom Paul
be continued this week and it ts prelininary | independent in
to another wiuch is to be held in this city next | been acc ised of working in hormony with the

January and which Belgian hare raisers say | National League, the idea being to block
; : : ) ul
will be the biggest ever held in the United | progress of the National Association ae

States -_

Trap Shooting.

Columbia Faculty Athletic Commit g
tec QUEENS, Nov. 14--Some of the best trap

Ne

organized. inth» E
| tera in th: Fast gatie i
Sincethe resignation of Prof Frederick R. | or Ground: mar Tae ay ee
Hution from the Faculty Athletic Commitee at | inthe s-cond of the series of a: Oe
- c . ‘ om ne }

Columbia University, a compiets reorganiga- | handicaps Stenhben M. Van = Allen won ae
tion of the committee bas taken place. Prot. | ain ventaftera hot oontest wiih Robert A
James Furman Kemp of the department ot | Weleh, the Carteret crack, und C. M Thomas.

@iogy ig the new chairman, with Prof. George | The surmmaries
. Woodberry o the de; ariment of comparative Second Competition—The Interstate — Handicap,

| dierature and Prof, Georg: W Rirehwey of the |
law school as the other members) Dr Watson |.
Satags, the director of the @smnasium, ts no

twenty Ave itve birds, bandieap tises—Stephen M
Ss
| 1 oneer 4p active apember of the commilte>, but

Van Allen, Jamaica 309 yard Hopernt A. Ww

New York etty, 30 yards,28. 0 M Thomas dégesart

30 yards, 28; Charles AL Lockwood. New York yy,
8

wil be the medium of communication between | 28 yards, 21; Charles No lincoln, Brooklyn,
the student body and the Faculty Committee. | Ti ecenoiakes— ‘Ten live birds-C. M. Thomas 30

Comp ete rules tor mangers and athleres have .
been formulated and itis now thought that the |
been entirely

rards. |) Hobert A Welch, 30 yards, ® Char) °
ackwood, 28 yards, » Stephen M. Van Allen. Ss
ards. &; Charies N_ lincoln, 28 yarda 6; M. R

question of professionalism has
eghtmann, 30 yards 5.

removed trom Colum bia athletics.

Zouns pupll and is more than pleased with |
,

  

JEFFRIES AND SHARKEY MAICHED,

The Champion Will Fight the Satior in Lies
of Fitz and Kabila,
Jim Jeffries, the heavyweight champion,
was practically matched yesterday to meet
' his old rival, Tom Sharkey. A meeting took
place at the Grand Opera House between the
quondam sailor, Billy Brady, and the brawn)
boilermaker. Sharkey's appearance at the
eeasion was 4 surprise, for he had only an-
nounced tho day before that Jeffries would
have to come after him. Neither Gus Rublin
nor his manager, Billy Madden, were at the
meeting. The interests of the pair were,
however, looked after by a frend who said
‘that the “Akron giant’ was perfectly
Willing to tackle Jeffries, but that Madden
wishes to see a copy of the articles
of agreement before he will talk busliess
Fitz was not represented, and Brady declared
that no word had been received from him con-
ceruing the proposed match Brady told
Madden's representative that he would let
him look over the papers as soon as he draws
them up, which he thinks will be to-day or to-
morrow, The champlon's idea is to give Fitz
the preference. He will allow him ainple time
to make up his mind. In case Fitz fuila to
come to the fore Jeffries will then direct lis
attention to Ruhlin. If these two fglters
do not respond Sharkey will have the first
crack. As it looks now, Sharkey may meet
Jeffries next spring anyway.
Sharkey has posted $2,590 and if neither the
Cornishman nor Rublin are heard from Jeffries

 

will be forced to recognize Tom as his only
challenger. Sharkey has promised to transfer
his money to Al Smith, who is hold-
ing the champion’s forfeit of $2,500,
which the bollermaker posted on Sat-
urday last. While it haa not been

definitely settled it appears clear that tf any of
the above named three heavyweights mean to
fight Jeffries, the mill nust be to a finish. It is
thought that the encounter will take place at
Carson City or in California, Dan Stuart, the
Bouthern sporting | . who promoted the
memoravle faht between Bob Fitzsiinnons and
Jim Corbett at Carson City_on St. Patrick's day,
147, says that he will offer a goud incentive

   

cording to present indications, not leas than
$00) Will be bung up for the fray, exch eve ot
the picture privileges, which wil necessarily 6o
with the strugele
When Siiarke,y arrived at the theatre he was
eeted aflably by both Brady and Jeffries — be
froued well in a neat-filting business suit aud
overcoat

“Well, I'm here to do business and make a

natch, said Bharkey, extending bis hand to
both rady and the Champion

“So am 1,” was Jeffries'e quick response,
“and the sooner you fellows realize this fact the
better for all concerned ' -

“Jeffries prefers to meet Fitvairamons above
any other ian,’ said Brady, whe does all the
talking for his protécé | “He wishes to con-

ince Fe public and Bob's friends that there i
nothi in the alleged ‘dope’ story Which erm-
anated after Jim knocked Fitzsimmons out
I'll admit that Fitz war ‘doped,’ as he says, but
it was Jeffries's ferong left that did itall Fitz
caunot say that he is too old to fleht, that ir all
wrong fe has said ail along that he wanted
to regain his lost laurelx Well, he can have
| the chance, and if Le is really In earnest, ar he
| pays he te, Why doesn’t he come to the acrateh
hike a man? Jeffries is not stick on acting
What he wants Is flght—that's all’

Well, I'l) give hina a tg st, returned Shar-
key. “That's what I am here for My money
is up Now, where are the articles’

“flow about a $10,000 side bet before we go
any further?” inquired Jeilries. |

"1 can't do that,” was Sharkey’s answer,

“Well, what about winner take al) * continued
Jeffries. “Toat’s the only wa Til febt any
of you fellows. 1 will not split ans purse or
share it up on percentage. It must be all or
nothing ”

Sharker said that “winner take all" was suit-

able to him. .

Jairies then proposed that the rill be to a
| Anish if neld in Carson City or for not less than
twenty-five rounds if decided elsewhere. Thus

| was rhadily accepted by Sharke So

“You are as good as matched anyway,” said
Brady to the ex-sailor, “and ‘Whave the articles
ready by to-morrow Owing to the fact that

effries ooked with his company until next
| May he cannot fight you until then. As 1 have
already said Jim wants hoe firet above any
oneelse, Next comes Kul in and then yourself
| Tf Fitz says Le will meet Jeffries why we will
| cancel some of our dates and fight him before
jay. We will then look toward Ruhlin and face
him within a short time after Jeffries is through
with the ex-champion
“That suits me,’ answered Sharkey, and then

|
|
| the meeting broke up
|

 

}

Sharkey and Jeffries will come together
on the same conditions which characterized
their recent fracas at Coney Island, with the
exception that the victor is to get all the spoils
Bids for the mill, which must be sealed and
placed in the hands of Al Smith, wil be leit
open until Jan. 16. On the sane day the ques-
tion of @ proper referee will come Up In all
likelibood either Charley Wiate or George
Siler will be chosen, Marquis of Queensberry
rules will prevail. U Sharkey consents atter
| all to a side bet of $10,000, which Jefries will

fnaist upon if the affair ig not to a finish, |
second installment of $2,500 must be in A
Sinith’s possession by Jan 15 The forfer
| of the men, which are now up, will represent

in this case the initial installment of the outside

wager ; ;
After the meeting Brady said to THE SUN

Tr. sorter:

t don't think from the present con lexion
of things that Rublin aud Jefiries wil Delt
I understard that Rublin wants & per cent,
| win or lose. This is entirely out of the ques.
ition, for hereafter any one who meets Jetries
| will have to agtee to every cent of the purse
ng to the winner
elries had this to ear

  

“Iam not very much
| stuck on being an actor, and during the past
| few weeks have been considerlag whether
| should resume my part with my show or net
am making plenty of money, but I'd rather
ght, It is easier and there is more cash in
it. dust let Fitz or Rubjin came to the centre
of the ring and I will be prepared to meet them
one month apart. First come first) served,
is my motto, Tam not afraid of any one, tor
I think I can beat any man breathing.’
The articles of agreement clinching a battle
yereete Sharkey and te will probably be
awh up and signed to-day
When? Tom O'Rourke, Sharkey’s former
manager, heard that the ex-sulor and JeiTries
were as wood as matched, he sald: “L'll bet
@1,000 that Sharkey will not fight if Jeffries
compels him to fight winner take all He is
afrald of the champion — I had all I could do
to make him meet Jim at Coney Island the last
time they came together Sharkey had hi«
trunk packed and was going to run away to
'Frisoo. Sharkey will forfeit 82,500 before
he will ever agree to put ot the gloves. with
The mill wil be @ good ‘ad
|
|

Jeffries again
See if le dues nut quit before

for his saloon
next May.”

Presid-at Soden Discredite Reports of Amert-
can League Invasion of Territory.

 

Boston, Nov. 14.-President A. H. Soden
of the Boston Baseball Club does not accept
as true the report that the Aimerican League
is going to break Inte National League ter-
ritory. President Soden said

“"T can state positively that this meeting,
if it took place, was without the knowledge
of the Nayonal League, which was not con-
wilted at all. Uf the National agreement is
still to remain operative, of course such actiou
by the American League in acquiring
territory would have to be confirmed by the

new

National Leagv®. At present the reiations
between the two leagues are cordial and 1
do not anticipate any friction. Baltinore

and Washineton might be handed over to th:
American League, the Natlonal League net
using these cities. As tothe placthgot another
club to Philadelphia, that is Col. owers's ter-
ritory, according to the agreement, and T know
that nothing has been ead to him by the
American Teague people As a matter of
fact 1 believe Col Rogers is not averse to hav-
ing another club there,
pense will the necessity of obtaindnge per

Mission to that effect if the two leagues are to
remain bound together, Then IT cannot see
how a cireult could le decided upon at a mes

ing of three men which dnvelves the dropping
of three cities which are in the American Leacour

Vont the owners of these clits have suvthing
to say on the matter? ‘Theres altogether
too much flavor of @ ‘story’ in that report.”

Odds and Fods of Sports.

1, W. Ager, '03 sclenee, won the Coumbia Univer.
sity handball championship, deveatiag If © Geary
‘ud law. in bhe tinal rouud by 21-20, 2)—2), 21-14

AMURAST, Nov. 14-The athletic authorities of
Amherst have decided t) atcept the offer of the
Columble ay mnastum team to bold in Ami rt a dual
exbitition of beaty eymnastios some thie urine che
winter term Thiswill be anentirely new depart
for Amherst gymnasts who have heretofore eo:
themselves to |) terclags eompretiibon: oot tis motos
all improbable thatshe will turp outa creditable team
even though shecannot hope to defect Cobvobla who
holds the Amefican Intercollegiate champlonsiip

Atadinner beldat Mousutu's on Ssturday night
James E Suilivan was presented
pin in recognition of his services tn the cause of
Qthietics during the past tweoty Yrars, and part en
larly in connection with tHe recent international

ames at Paris. Sigty five covers wer laid = lor

uther Gulick of the Y M ©. A made the presents
tion epeech, and during (he evening many cthor
Persons prominent Ln aihtetios pad tributes to the
00d word accomplished by tae AAT Secreiary

   

  

 

 
 

 
  

The Hille of Westchester County,
Read next Sunday's SUN _and learn of its advan.
taces as a dwelling place, The advertising colour ns
Wilh serve Be @ Uselul Gisectory Lp seleviing properics,

Aas.

ee ua .

   

|

Brooklyn Advertisements,

ee ew we

  

wee —

Not

a Well

 
 
 
 

for a battle in which Jeffries ts involved. Acs |

ee

! structor to @ aAchool teat

ul thie does not dis- |

| Hroad and Ware Su ivan, at

Made—

suit if it loses its shape

after the first shower,
Cheap clothing is pressed
into

shape
—its
days

  

ing is

tailored equal to the made
to measure—

Suits, $12.50 to $30.00,

Overcoats, $12.50 to

$50.00.

Money back if

not perfectly suited,

BROOKLYN.

 

 

Emerald Kid,
Cordovan,

Patent Calf,
waren § 5 50
a

Every penny you

pay for these shoes

goes for better leather,

for better work, for

one reasonable profit.

 

You practically pay nothing
for the certainty which our
name insures, nothing for
our trained, painstaking sere
vice, which helps you to pick
the shoe precisely suited to
your foot, in the leather pre-
cisely suited to your purpose.

French,
Shriner
& Urner,

867 Fulton St., Brooklyn,

COUSINS & URNER,
506 Fulton st, Brooklyn. ¥
Agencies throughouttie United Statea

 
 

Bisketball,

The gitis ofthe Hontiacton High Schoo! of Long
Ikdand nave organiza d a tram and are expected w

   

challrog: some witie crac’ Long Istand sehoolgtri
i ns. The home wames wil ve played af Caderaili
all

The Burlington team was beaten on Tursday night
by the champion Trentons, who scored 16 points
against 4iuthedrathael’ burlington made up in the
syred pas and tue Trentons had to busile to win by
28 wo 15.

“Sandy Shields. the ex-eaptain of the New York
National Drache team, whogult the five inst season
to take a position tin Ilomestead, Pa., as athiletle tn
has decided to rejoin his old
comrad a wilt be Dick with them 4a sounashe
make sat! foctory arrang: mente to gct away from
present position.

Oving to cancellation the Clevelands of Brooklya
have Dec. -b open for a Kame awry from home
Would also Ube toarrance games with the following
teams Entre Nous of Paterson, Active FLO, of Pater.
gon, Fourth Re@ ment of Norwalk, Eigita Regimens
of New York. Twenty seevr.d Ke giment of New York,
Duchess County Wheeimen and ‘Trent Address,
Clarence Kiinck, 37 Wali street, Manhattan :

The Yale basketball team, of wiich Shar
Cook of the football eleven are prominent py Ry
ts again going to make « lung trip West during the
boldey's he signed a mort for two games tu
Fons ad Lac, WI jan 31, bas been ert
to Manager lirug i du tac A.C, five
last vear tue Yae he same trip, and

  
   

r i
er of tue Fo
am me

 

 

   

  

a though tue Wi " sa were considered oneo?
the foctest frame ir toe West, the New Haven pla

aurprised tuem byt flue pacing. It's more than
key that games rreral of the big Western
collere fives will be prev tueteip, The Valeteam
fs popular in tne Wet, and er $000 persone at-

t ui
tended ©* fine games payed in Fond du Lee
last winter

At a meeting held tn Catekillon Monday of the
prominent team@ tu central New York the Central

   

    
 

New Yoru Stace tiaskelvall League was officially
org nl The league ot present tncludea five of
the test team. In ihet section, the All New York
team foinkie as at e ing saember, making six
team~ J) at lie offerrs elected were: Preaiden',
H }. BR. Newel tte bail Ve President, Wh-
ain \ li naen. Ansterdam: Secretary and Treas
arer, 1. GG. © ok, New York chy Committee on
Schedue, F Ottman, Little Pal! Vitam Hartt@an
iterkimer, V hh. Casey, Utira, In all probabliitr
Doth ‘ 4 end (roy wil} in maning eight et
tle t \car he regular playing scasen
will open vu Dec. 15
Gosstp of the Hing.

A ret mateh between Kid Latigne an@ Geor
Met ten has been arranged. ‘The paltry may oon
toygeties atla viieon Thankasyi ting Dey afternoon

LovIst ILLE, Nov 4-— The match between Kil

the Southern Athletic

 

    

  

‘ hus been declar yo account of Mrosd’s in
“les, Sustained bast night
, f figton bas received an offer to
meet at 4 yo in a six round bout
Tha ented dwiisiga articles as soon ae
s contest 1h Eddie Connol whieh ts to be de

 

hed at burils dom [nmanksgi:iug bay afterncan

 

   

Accorting to a letter received here from a wel'-
known Atetican spoertin 4 tr * boc lng is booming
nthe Antipodes ns 7 ilgot,” the noted

ured injddiewrigtt, w met bet tralinmongs
Toe trod : tm dha an et ksou, fought
lhe Stewart, another « miidiewelgit, for the
tithe ic bettie lasted te t. twenty rounds,
and Stewart fecelved the deci

Sam Pitepatrick has ¢ fred a letter from Jem

i Pran, w {sin Fingrar 1 refert that bdward
Pitzgeracd, the Austra i chan pion
has arrivecin'

@ diamond |

(QUEENS C0, JOGKEY

Ce

ond VAN SAN

  

   

 

martie® tint eherce of the
biel a Pitepstriek
e wo mid forthe mill between
elther it and Priva or the bo
and Gust nels arronges

 

 

The Curt,
ennegeatan

Ww tes cLU
Last Day To-day at 2 P.M.

Ad@missi i Ladies, $1.00
Hace trains leave L. 3th ABO 123

hited VM. aod Fiaibusd ae.ilieas

154P M Stages connec: wity Kings =

  

 
  

=<

SS aS,

a

Stn

——~—
See ae

St