VOL. LXXV.- NO, 3i1,

RADICAL PLANKS

WILL FIGHT

x NEW YORK LEADS CONTEST FOR
: A MILD PLATFORM.

 

 

Delegation Appoints Committee to Draft
Deciarations That Will Not Estrange
Conservatives--Brymh Sald to Bo
Willing to Make Large Concessions.

DENVER, July 6.—Some real life has been
injected at last into the opposition to a
radical Democratio platform.

New York State has taken the initiative,
and while the entire programme which the
New Yorkers will pursue in their endeavor
to bring about a return to safe and sane
principles has not been arranged every~
thing indicates that they will make a
determined fight in the committee on reso-
lutions and perhaps on the floor of the
convention, ,

Ever since the delegates began to arrive in
Denver there has been desultory talk of a
contest to bring conservatism into the
Democratic party in connection with the
principles upon which it will go before
the country. 1t has been mostly talk,
however, until to-day, when the New York
delegation at its first caucus appointed a
sub-committee to draft a platform, or cer-
tain planks of a platform, which would give
the Dernocratic party a better chance of
BUCCeSS.

RIGUT DOWN TO RUSINESS.

This sub-committee on platform had a
meeting this afternoon, and while litcde
progress was made because labor leaders
who got a hearing took up more time than
was expected, the sub-committee got to-
again to-night with the purpose of
agreeing, upon sore definite platform
declarations to be submitted to, the entire
New York delegation. Although the New
Yorkers are uncertain yet whether their
policy will have any effect toward inducing
the racical element in the convention to
eee the necessity for more conservative
laclarations than those which have here-
tofore helped carry the party down to
defeat they are greatly encouraged by the

gether

knowledze that Bryan has consented to a
modification of some of the most drastic
planks in the tentative platform to be pre-
sented by the Bryanites and that he is

showing a disposition toward moderation
al! aiong the line.

But the New Yorkers fe@! that the Bryan
pletferm when ultimatels completed will
contsin declarations which will tend to
split the party in the conservative East,
and partioularly in New rk State, and
they seem to be anxious do everything
in their power to bring about Democratic
harmony,

AN ENCOURAGING MOYE.

The action which they took to-day in
appointing a sub-committee to draw up
resolutions to be incorporated in the na-
tional platform has given considerable
encouragement te delegations from other
States where the trend to moderation is
strong.

Upon the outoome of New York’s course
may depend the action of a number of other
State delegations. Southern leaders par-
ticularly are awaiting with interest the final
attitude of New York. There is a feeling
among many delegates that if New York
points the way toward a return to declera-
tions which will tend to bring the party
together Bryan cannot fail to be influenced
and will act acoordingly y

The decision to have a sub-committee of
the New York delegation prepare a platform,
or suggestions for a platform, was agreed
upon by the leaders of the Empire State
contingent before the delegation had ite
camous to-day. So this part of the pro-
gramme went through in apple pie arder.

Aa told elsewhere in Tus Sun, the sub-
committee consists of ten members, with

\ Lewis Nixon aschairman. Alton B. Parker,
who is to be New York's representative
¢ndhe committee on resolutions, is one of the
mb-committes.

Ad ite first meeting this afternoon it was
agreed that only certain features of the
Bryan platform, which the sub-committee
expected to be radical should be taken up
for discussion, With the Nebraska State
Democratio platform which Mr. Bryan
drew, as an expression of what Bryan de-
sired, the sub-committee was able to agree
without¢rouble that a number of the planks
thould be passed over without objection
and that the fight, if any were to be made,
should be directed against the more im-
portent radical features.

RADICAL PLANES TO BE ATTACKED.

The planks to which the sub-committee
decided to pay particular attention are
those concerning the issuance of writs of
injunction by Federal courts, the physical
valuation of railways, recommendations as
to financial legislation and declarations as
to the cause of last fall’s panic and such
other matters of a radical character likely
to canse dissension in the party.

Daniel F, Cohalan, one of the New York
sub-committee, had prepared a platform
which served asa basis for the guidance of
the sub-committee. That this will be
adopted without material change seems
to be assured. It will be handed to the
committee on resolutions as a presenta-
tion of the views of the conservative ele-
ment.

The Cohalan platform follows closely the
lines of many of the planks of the Nebraska
State platform and in addition contains
planks advocating giving publicity to cam-
paign contributions and the election of
Senators by direct vote of thé people,
The Bryan proposition to tax deposits of
publio funds is indorsed. There i$ no
referenoe to compelling interstate corpora-
tions to take out Federal licenses.

But the committee in its two hours ses-
tion had little opportunity for giving serious
consideration to these matters because
Samuel Gompers, president of the American
Federation of Labor; Vioe-President Duncan
of that organjzation and Sam Prince, the
New York labor leader, appeared before
the sub-committee to ask that it recommend

tion the adoption of declarations which
Would satisfy organized labor

Much time was taken up in speeobmaking
by Gompers and Duncan, and when they
Got through the sub-committee did not
Terrain in session very long.
recess until a late hour this evening.

The plea of Gompers and Duncan was
oa enp-oemmntesyemeemssn-penalhetapriaeigssiesaresoeapentiasniinmnesiioneimbesigeend
Continued on Third Page,
DEWEW'S WINE STORE,

w DPbaey ok Bah Plled Ba
~Ade, 7 ? ne») ow ¥oxn.

 

, > mri
iat i) Rae Aad

 

 

to the State delegation and to the conven- |

It took al

 
   

sohedtiite on
aie

   
      

a

 

A BIG SHOUT FOR JOHNSON.

His Boomers From Minnesota Make the
Biggest Noise Denver Hag Heard.

Denver, July 6,—The Johnson men from
Minnesota arrived here late this afternoon,
They marched up the street from the sta-
tion behind their own band, waving blue
flags with pictures of their candidate, and
made the biggest demonstration that the
Place has seen yet,

There were over 400 of the Johnaon boom-

 

came with them and marched behind the
band, On the breast of every man, woman
and child was a big white badge with John-
son's picture and underneath it: '

“Johnson geta the votes. Nominate a
winner,”

The train bearing the Johnson people was
five hours late, but despite their long jour-
ney they tackled the job of stirging up
enthusfasm for the Minnesota man with a
will. When the crowd of men ud women
marched into the Brown Hotel “@ was pan-
demonium let loose. The women shouted
for Johneon and their voices could be
heard all through the place,

“Nominate a man that can win!” shouted
the Minnesota folks again and again.

Of course, some of the Bryan shouters
rushed in ‘and an attempt was made to
drown out the Johnson cheers, but the
Minnesota people kept it up and they got
a lot of people to join them. For half an
hour the shouters had a great battle trying
to drown out each other’s cries, but the
band from Minnesota helped the Johnson
men to win out.

It was by far the most enthusiastic crowd
that has thus far reached town.

This evening the Minnesota delegation
caucused and resolved to stick to their
candidate to the last. Senator J.C, Hardy
said that the New York delegation would
be for Johnaon on the first ballot.

NEW JERSEY INDORSES GRAY.

Delegation at Denver Adopts the Unit Rule
Against Bryan.

DENVER, July 6.—The New Jersey dele-
gates caucused late to-night. After adopt-
ing the unit rule and binding the four Davis-
Bryan delegates from Hudson county a
resolution indorsing Judge Gray for Presi-
| dent was adopted.

Judge Howard Carrow declined reelection
as national committeeman, and Judge
Robert 8S. Hudspeth was eleoted to succeed
him,

Ex-Senator James Smith, Jr., will repre-
sent New Jersey on the resolutions committee
and Melvin A. Rice on the toe com-

mittee.
ADMIRALS.

 

 

 

 

 

SEVEN NEW REAR

Death and Retirement Promotes That Naum-
ber of Officers to the Higher Grade.

WasdIncton, July 6.—Seven new Rear
Admirals will be created during the month
of July. The death of Rear Admiral
Charles M. Thomas promoted to the grade
of Rear Admiral three officers—Capt. John
E. Pillsbury, Chief of the Bureau of Naviga-
tion; Capt. Adolph Marix, chairman of the
Lighthouse Board, and Capt. Raymond
P. Rodgers, Chief Intelligence Officer.
Capts. Marix and Rodgers are extra num-
bers in the grade of Captain, andin acoord-
anoe with law are promoted with the next
officer above them.

The retirement of Rear Admiral Richard-
son Clover, president of tho Board of In-
spection and Survey, on June 11 will pro-
mote to be Rear Admirals three additional
officers, two of whom are also extra num-
bers. They are Capt. Roya! R. Ingersoll,
former Chief of Staff of the Atlantic fleet,
who is now on duty with the Genera) Board,
and Capt. Seaton Schroeder of the Fourth
division and Capt. Richard Wainwright of
the Second division of the Atlantio fleet.
Capts. Schroeder and Wainwright are
extra numbers and aro also acting Rear
Admirals. Several weeks ago they were
given temporary commissions as acting
Rear Admirals in order that they might
become acquainted with the duties of a
division commander before the Atlantic
fleet leaves San Francisco.

On July 10 when Rear Admiral W. T.
Burwell, commandant of the Puget Sound
navy yard, is placed on the retired Ifst,
Capt. Thomas C. Mclean, senior member
of the Board of Inspection and Survoy, will
be advanced to the grade of Rear Admiral.
Capt. MoLean will succeed Rear Admiral
Clover as president of the board, and Com-

Key West lighthouss district, will be
ordered to Washington to fill the vacancy
on the board,

END OF CALEB POWERS CASE.

Judge Morris Orders It Stricken From the
Docket—Has Cost the State $40,000,

\ Franxrort; Ky., July 6.—When Judge
J. 8. Morris went to Georgetown to-day
and ordered the case of the Commonwealth
against Caleb Powers stricken from the
docket the last step in the most famous
murder case in the history of the State was
brought to an end. Judge Morris went to
Georgetown this morning and called the case,
as this was the day set for the opening of
the special term of the court.

The Scott county jailer filed the pardon
that had been granted Powers and Judge
Morris ordered such an entry to be made in
the record. He also ordered the expense of
the last trial paid, amounting to $5,000, and
that the Marlin rifle said to have been used
in killing Goebel be returned to Grant L.
Roberts of this city.

The trial of Powers has cost the State
$40,000, This step to-day, however, is the
last of it. The trials of Gov, Taylor and
Charley Finley are the only ones left to be
held in the Goebel murder case. They will
be called at the next term of the Franklin
court and Gov, Willson will be asked to issue
a requisition for them

ee
OLYMPIC ENTERTAINMENT FUND.

Handsome Response to Lord Desborough’s
Appeal—Vanderbiit Gives 82,500.
Special Cable Despatch to THE Sux.

gonvon, July 6.—The appeal issued by
Lord Desborough on behalf of the British
Clympic Counci! for funda for the purpose
of entertaining the judges, officials and
2,500 foreign athletes who will take part in
the es, has already elicited the sum of
$37,800. Among the latest contributors is
Alfred Gw

$2,500,
| The Government has decided 49 make the
: first use of a recent appropriation for enter-
| taining ciztinguishe. foreign visitors by
| giving a banque. wo the ofiicial representa-

tives of the competing countries and their
ambaseadors.

ae ee

Temperature 106 in Binghamton.

BincHamtTon, July 6.—The temperature
to-day reached 106 degrees, the record for
thie summer.

-_-_-_—

TO PHILADELPHI
! Hour in. Two bf

ynne Vanderbilt, who gave

!

 

Qe HOUR th
iad te Gast

 

 
    

a

   

ee ee ee

+NEW YORK, TUESDAY,
' DIVORCED DORSN'T MEAN DEAD %

ers. Many of the women of Minnesota |

mander Benjamin Tappan, inspector of

  

 

 

 

   
 
 
 
     

JULY 7, 1908,—coprrom

Lone Re eR ee be ee oe am ne seme

 

 

MRS. PELTON'S MONEY HUS-
BANDED THOUGH SHE ISN'T.

 

| It Is Payable to Her on the Death of Her
' Husband—she's Got No Husband Now,
for He’s Married an Ex-Wite of Dan
| Hanna's—But She Can't Get the Money.
(

Gen, Oliver 8. Carter, who died in Saratoga
| seven years ago and who was president of
| the National Bank of the Republlo wher he
‘died, left a will by which he ‘hequeathed
$30,000 to each of his four daughters, Isabel
| Stanlay Phelps, Alice Griffing Ballard, Kate
Louise Macy and Lucy Eatelle Pelton, wife
; of Franklin D, Pelton. He directed that the
$30,000 should be paid over in cash to each
| of his daughters within two years of his
| own death, except in the case of Mrs. Pelton.
| He directed his executors, who are George
HB. Macy and George B. Phelps, Jr., to in-
veat the $30,000 for Mrs. Pelton in good
income paying securities and pay her the
income quarterly “during her, husband's
lifetime.” “And upon his death,” the will
went on to read, “this limitation shall cease
and the said sum of 680,000 shall be payable
to her.”
Mrs. Petton got a divorce last September
and her husband married Mrs. Daisy Gordon

 

Hanna. Then it seemed to Mrs. Pelton
that as ehe no longer had a husband the
time had come to demand of the ex re
her $30,000,

“It isn’t $80,000," they told her, “it’s only
$29,157 because of the transfer tax we had
to pay.”

“Noymatter, give it to me,” was Mra,
Pelton'’s reply.

“But we can’t; your busband isn’t dead,”
retorted the executors,

“My husband! I'd like you to know that
I haven’t any husband,” said the lady.

“But your husband that waa,” politely
explained Messrs. Macy and Phelps. “Heis
still active, and until he dies you cannot
have the principal of your father’s legacy."

It took aome time to explain this to the
dissatisfaction of Mra. Pelton, and at the
end of the explanation she remarked that
she guessed a divorced husband who had
merried another woman was as good as
dead as far as she was concerned, so she was
going to see the Judges about it. Finally
it was arranged that to save the publicity
and delay of a trial Mrs. Pelton should
submit her cage to the AppellateDivision on
the merits of the controversy and agree
to abide by the decision of the Justices of
that court. The exeoutors on their part
agreed to put in a nominal appearance as
defendants and to follow the Court’s ruling.
Long briefs were submitted and Mrs. Pelton
sat back to walt for her $80,000. She felt
sure no Judge would deny that Mr. Pelton
for her purposes was a dead one,

But the Judges unanimously deny it.
Justice Laughlin, for the Appellate Di-
vision, wrote the opinion, The shook to
Mrs. Pelton's feelings was so great-that
her lawyers have not yet had courage
enough to draw up an order embodying
the Court’s decision, but hopejto do so either
to-day or to-morrow, when the Appellate
Justices will disperes to their vacation
haunts. There is still a lingering hope
in Mrs. Pelton’s breast that some way
out of the difficulty may be found and
the 30,000 may be unlocked from the safe
of th4 executors and handed over to her.
Justice Laughlin if his opinion, after re-
citing the main facta of the controversy,
said:

The learned counsel for the plaintiff con-
tends that the purpose of the trust was to pre-
vent the husband of the plaintiff from obtain-
ing control over or influencing her with ree
spect to the use of the money and that by the
divorce and his remarriage that danger has
passed. [t may well be that this was the ob-
ject of the testator in giving this fund to his
executors in trust during the life of the plain-
thf's husband, but it is not so expressly stated,
The fund was personal property, The testa-
tor is presumed to have known that the husband
had no interest in che persona! property of his
wife, and that while a husband might influence
his wife with respect to the use of her personal
property he has no authority to contro! such
use. He had no greater right during her fe
in that regard as husband than he has now.

Tho theory of the plaintiff is that the trust
terminated ipso focto upon the divorce and
remarriage without even the aid of a court
of equity to have it dissolved. We are of
opinion that it was a trust to continue during
the life of the plaintiff's former husband. In
form it isa trust during hia life and we are not
at liberty to spepulate asto the object and pur-
pose of the testator with respect to creating
the trust and ddgide as§imatter of law that it
terminated sooffr than the period for which
ie expressly provided that it should continue.
The case at bar is less favorable to the plain-
tiff, owing to the fact that it presents merely a
question of Jaw, than Halsted va. Union Trust
Company of New York, as trustee, decidud
by this court on the 14th of June, 1906, whereiu
we affirmed, without opinion, a decision. dis-
missing the complaint in a suit in equity to
dissolve a trust created for the benefit of the
pialutiff during the life of his wife, from whom
he was subsequently lawfully divorced and
who had lawfully remarried,

It follows, therefore, that the defendant
should have judgment that the plaintiff is not
entitled to recover the fund or any part
thereof, together with costs of the action.

This ‘litigation raises again the whole
Hanna divorce story with its innumer-
able marital complications. Daisy Gordon
Hanna, who was the divorced wife of Dan
Hanna and whom Pelton espoused after
the divorce, was formerly the wife of Major
Walter de Saumares Maud, who distin-

i himself in the Boer Way. She
divoroed him in 1000. The Engliah courts
subsequently held this Dakota divorce
invalid and claseed as bigamous her sub-
sequent marriage to Dan Hanna, The
Maud marriage happened in i897, the
divorce in 1900 and the marriage of Mrs.
Maud to Dan Hanna two months after the
divorce. Dan Hanna had been divorced
onoe already by May Harrington, who ia
herself now the wife of Edmund K, Stallo,
Major Maud having .obtained a divorce
in the English courts is said to have mar-
ried again, and so also has Dan Hanna.
A reunion of aii theses intermarriod per.
sons would form quite a divorce convention
and it is doubtful if a majority could be
found in favor of a plank to the effect that a
divorced husband is a dead one.

Meputed Corregsgio Found in Philadelphia,
Puruaperxia, July 6.—A painting, “The

 

  
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
   
   
    
   
 
 
    
  
   
  
 
  
  
 

|in a furniture store in Evansville, {nd.,

Cruz, a former resident of that city and who
on the battleship.
Captain Grant, Admiral Sperry'’s chief

Guardian for President Johnson's Grandson,

grandson of President Andrew Johnson,

GAN-GOULD WEDDING TO-DAY.

cense Issued—Prince Helle Has Become
. & Protestant.
Spectal Cable Despatch to Tuw Sun.

Lonpon, July 6.—A license for the civil
marriage of Prince Helie de Sagan and Mme.
Gould was \ssued to-day.

According to present arrangements the
civil marriage of Anna Gould and Prince
Helle de Sagan will take place at 10:80 to-
morrow morning in a registry office. The
religious ceremony will take place in the
afternoon in a certain London Protestant
church, after which the couple will return
to the Savoy Hotel. These arrangements
may possibly be changed if there is too
great a display of public interest.

Prince Helie has been converted to Pro-
testantiam. He wished to be married ree
ligiously as weil as civiliy, but felt that the
Protestant ceremony, whatever it meant
to Mme. Gould, would be meaningless to
him as a Catholic. He therefore resolved
to adopt her faith. Tho church in which
they will be married is Lutheran. They
will start for Parig on July 8.

It is expected that George Gould will at-
tend the wedding.

PURDY MADE A FEDERAL JUDGE.

ee
The President Gives His Chief Trust Buster
a@ Recess Appointment.

Wasuinaton, July 6.—The President
announced through the Department of
Justioe that he had appointed Milton D,
Purdy United States District Judge for
the District of Minnesota, to succeed Will-
fam Lochren, retired, the nomination being
& Tecess appointment, the Senate having
adjourned without acting on the nomina-
tion of Mr. Purdy, which had been sent
in before adjournment. Mr. Purdy has
come into national prominence as the official
“trust buster” of the Administration, his
real official title being “assistant to tho
Attorney-General.” He was appointed to
the Department from Minnesota and his
appointment as Federal Judge was also
made for and acoredited to that State.

The appointment of Purdy was oppose d
by Senator Nelson, who is a member of
the Judiciary Committee of the Senate,
and it was at the instance of Mr. Nelson
that the nomination was held up in that
committee until after Congreas adjourned.
It had been predicted in some quarters
that the President would withdraw the
nomination in view of the failure of the
Senate to act, but the fact that he has con-
ferred the recess nomination on Mr. Purdy
is evider.ce that the President intends to
keep up the fight for the confirmation of
his Minnesota protégé at the noxt session
of the Senate. Mr. Purdy, it is understood,
will enter at once upon the discharge of his
judicial duties.

JACKSON KEEPS AT ICE TRUST.

Now Sues to Prevent It From Doing Bust-
ness in the State.

Attorney-General Jackson began suit
yesterday in the Supreme Court to oust
the American Ice Company from doing
business in this State,on the ground that
it is an (Megal monopoly. The suit is another
move in. Jackson's long firht against the
ce company and comes closes on the heels
of his persistent endeavors to have the
company indicted.

The complaint in the action, forty-seven
pages of printed matter, reciting the history
of the various amalgamations among ice
companies down to the incorporation of
the American Ice Company asa consolida-
tion of smal companies previously exist-
ing, was served yesterday on John R.
Bennett, secretary of the company. Out-
side of the specific allegations, which have
been often made before by Jackson and
others to show that the American Ice
Company exists in defiance of the anti-
monopoly laws, the complaint contains
little new matter. The charges were all
gone over again a few weoks ago before
the Grand Jury, which after two previous
refusaia to find indictments Avally brought
in an indictment against the company as a
monopolistic corporation.

Jackson allegea broadly that the com-
pany is a foreign corporation, that its
continued existence is a menace to the
public health and the decency of trade
and that it has obtained such control over
nearly all the other ice companies that
it is in a position to, an does, force the
retail deaiers,and therehy the consumers,
to buy ice from it alone at whatever price
it chooses to dictate,

The company has twenty days in which
to put in its answer to the complaint.

 

SUSPECT HELD ON BATTLESHIP,

Enlisted Man Held for Identification as
Murderer of Girl.

San Francisco, July 6.—In a bluejacket
enlisted as Roy Bateman and held in close
confinement on one of the battleships in
the harbor the naval police authorities
believe they have Guy Prescott, suspected
of the murder of Josie Gray, bookkeeper.

 

whose body was found locked in a vault
on the night of March 16, 1007,

Great secrecy has been maintained by
the naval authorities. No one has been
permitted to see the fireman, and he him-
self does not know on what charge he is
held, unless, as Chief of Staff Grant saya,
his conscience tells him. Admiral Sperry
has sent the following telegram to the chief
of police at Evansville:

“Am holding Roy Bateman, fireman of
the second class. Answers description
of Gov. Prescott. Send person to identify
immediately. Fleet sails July 7, but man
will be transferred to Mare Island Navy
Yard. If you do not arrive before we sail
telegraph me when you wiil arrive.”

The imprisoned man is awaiting identi-
fication. On the receipt of Admiral Sperry's
telegram Chief of Police Brenner of £vans-
ville telegraphed to R. E. Leaf of Santa

was a achoolmate of the alleged murderer,
to go to this city and identify the man held

Leaf arrived last night and visited the
flagship and was in consultation with

of staff, until a late hour. }

 

Bristou, Va., July 6.—A guardian has
been appointed for Andrew Johnson Stover,

who for more than thirty years has lived
the life of a hermit in the mountains of East
Tennessee, the guardian to look after the

Flight of The Holy Family Into Egypt,” | Tennes Gain oe
siid to be a genuine Corruggio, is in the ors ne hs om Oo Be me ae ee
home of C, W. Satoliffe, Jr., a traveliing | played on the-White House grounds while
man, at 32 Johnson street, Germantown. | his mother was mistress of the te House
Sutoliffe nays that In 1890 George Dunton,.| during the tn rene ve Johngon.o
| great-uncle of a grandmother of Sutcliffe, | Stover, who is 50 pe adeno rl " inte
: @ captain of one of the merchant ships of | the settlements only when y force
ae te A
n\ 4
we f have: ‘ N’B- Be
itaad say they think it genuine = S? ;
‘ igh) , a js .

ees Pg

:
sie) Gy cemeee

a gh ch dsbe he * Voy kan te! tay

is 32 ail OS Melee ieee

 
 

, 1008, by The Sun Printing and PubWehing Association,

—— hr a RR a

MERCURY GETS TO 98 AGAIN:

HEAT PROSTRATIONS MULTIPLY
FROM THE LONG STRAIN.

 

 

We Have Had It Hotter in Jaly and It Was
Just as Hot on June 34—Will Be Hot
. Again This Morning, With a Vagae Hope

of Keltef Later From the Northwest. |

There is a cool area—not bristling with
icicles, but nevertheless cool—eay 60 de-
gtees or so—away up in the Northwest,
and it may dip down toward this latitude
to-day. There are also icebergs off the
Banke, as reported by steamships that
have been coming in the last ‘Several :
days, No tugs with philanthropio skippers
have volunteered to tow even a very little
berg this way. It is going to be hot this
morning, hotter than it was yesterday
morning. Yesterday equalled the tem-
perature of June 24, when the official
mercury got up to 93 degrees. It touched
that point again at 8:15 P. M. yesterday.
This afternoon, maybe, that bunch of
coolness away off where they really don’t
need it may come sweeping down, gausing
a few fine old thundershowers as it pro-
jects itself into the hot and moist air here-
abouts. But this is mere meteorological
hope, not a forecast.

It seamed hotter yesterday than it was
on June %, because ever since that date the
temperature has been hitting it up steadily
day after day, never once getting below
80 degrees, and most of the time at or above
84 degrees, with so little rain that it was
hardly worth trying to measure. It was
the acoumulated heat of days stored away
in the stone and steel of the town that
helped to make the mercury climb and
sent multitudes to the fizz fountains after
they had looked at the thermometers in
front of the drug stores, These instru-
mente as a rule exhibited figures, seldom
leas than 95 degrees and occasionally 100
degrees, that naturally drove the observer
into the stores. Maybe they are specially
constructed fiaz thermometers.

Agentle breeze from the south and south-
west was not cooling. It had the op-
posite effect, coming from the very centre
of the sizzling region. To measure the
heat with inexpressive figures, it was the
hottest July 6 on record by two degrees.
There have been hotter days in July, the
very hottest in the record of the Weather
Bureau occurring on July 8, 1898, when
the thermometer registered 99 degrees.

‘It was hotter last night at 9 o'clock by
two degrees than it was the night before,
the mercury dropping to 8 degrees. The
humidity was then 63 per cent., which is
mighty uncomfortable, and all the tene-
ment population was roosting on roofs or
fire escapes, while there was more than the
usual number of sleepers on the sands of
Coney Island.

Brooklyn has been suffering more se-
verely from the heat than Manhattan,
acoording to the police returns. Six deaths
and twenty-three heat prostrations was
yesterday’s return in Brooklyn, Those
who died from the effects of the heat were
Mary M. Reaven, 6 months old, of 854 Gold
street; Lilly Glayfer, 66 years old, of 734
Rockaway avenue; Mary Sadler, 4 months,
of 124 Raymond street; Lorenz Kauker,
78, Railroad avenue and Old Mill road;
Eliza O’Connell, 60, of 250 Hudson avenue,
and Michael Cassidy, 60, of 127 Atlantic
avenue: This is the largest number of
deaths due directly to the heat that the
police of Brooklyn have ever made.

Two men died.in St. Vincent’s Hospital

last night of heat exhaustion, One is
unidentified. One was Frank Marbury,
a laborer, of 50 Thompson street. Thare

were also two sudden deaths in Manhattan
for which the heat was probably respon-
sibls, and a number of suicides. There
were in Manhattan and The Bronx thirty-
nine cases of prostration, which is a
record for the last ten years. There were
also twenty-five persons found sick in
the streets, an exceptionally large nurm-
ber of this class of cases. ‘There were
forty street accidents, which is about doyble
the usual number. According to the police
many of these accidents were among work-
men whose hands became wet from per-
spiration and who dropped hammers or
other tools
TOO

MANY INDICTMENTS,

Judge Fouter Warns Grand Juries and Tells
What the Stgma Means,

In swearing in two Grand Juries yesterday
Judge Foster of General Sessions said that
too many indictments were found where
there was not sufficient evidence to back
them up at a trial. As a warning to the
Grand Jury of how an indictment might act
as astigma against an innocent man he told
this story:

“In selecting this Grarid Jury I purposely
presented the name of a man who had been
indicted. 'There was no foundation for th
indictment and as soon as the District At-
torney heard of, it he had the indictment
dismissed. I told all of this to the board
which selected the Grand Jury, but because
of this unjust indictment—because of this
stigma, I believe—this man waa not put on
the Grand Jury list.”

The board which selects the Grand Jury
is composed of two Judges of General Ses-
sions, two Supreme Court Justices and the
Mayor.

Arthur H. Hearn is the foreman of one
Grand Jury and Ruseel D. Hyde is foreman
of the other. y

CHRISTIAN SOCIALISM AT CONEY.

 

Dally Camp Meetings in a Tent at the End
of Ocean Parkway.

The Rev. John D, Long, secretary of the
Ministers Socialist Conference, announced
yesterday that the conference, with the co- |
operation of the Christian Socialist Fel-
lowship, has arranged for the ereotion of a-j
Christian

ey | See SS SSS “leer dp SS SSS SSeS

Socialist tent at the end of the
Ooean Parkway at Coney Island. The
tent, he said, would be opened in a fow days.
“In thig tent,” he sald, “will be held a suc-
edssion of meetings every afternoon and
evening at which the social gospel of Jesus
will be preached and the miessage of social-
ism given. The gatherings will in fact
be Socialist camp meetings. Joseph
Wright, speaker and singer, who for many
years has been identified with the Socialist
movement, will be in oharge as manager.
The income will be derived from collections
at the meetings, and in case these do not
cover the expenses the deficit will be made_
good by entertainments at which Socialist,
entertainers will give their services free.’

 

    

12,000 KILEED AT TABRIZ,

Genoral Pillage in Disturbed Persian Town
Aovording to Teheran Despatch.
Special Cadle Despatch to Tam Sun.

Panis, July 6.—4, Teheran despatoh states
that the situation at Tabria is very critical.
There has been a general pillage of houses
there,

It is reported that 12,000 persons on both
sides have been killed. All the telegraph
lines connecting with Tabriz have been out.

BRYAN DECLINATION SPRUNG.

Denver Flooded With Telegram He Sent
After His Defeat in 1900.

Denver, July 6.—Thousands of copies
of a telegram that William J. Bryan sent
to J. F. Merril] of Kansas City on November
7, 1900, after his second defeat for the Presi-
denoy, have flooded this city to-day. It
follows: .

“Thank you for your telegram of oon-
dolence. The defeat was a severe one;
you all did nobly. -I cannot conscientiously
ask the party to consider me again for the
Presidency. I led them to defeat four
years ago and that ought to be enough
for any one man.”

NEW AEROPLANE RECORD.

Farmaa Wins #2,000 by Staying Up 20
Minutcs—Satis 12 Miles.
Special Cabie Despaich to Tar Sun.

Paris, July 6.—Henry Farman achieved
at Issy to-day what is said to be the world’s
aeroplane record. He remained in the air
for 20 minutes 19 seconds and covered about
eleven miles.

By doing this he won the Armengand
prize of $2,000 for the first aeroplane flying
for 15 minutes.

 

 

 

 

 

THEATRE SCAFFOLDING FALLS.

Six Men Thrown 80 Feet and Hurt—Another
Accident Recently.

A scaffolding thirty feet above the ground
on the side wall of a vaudeville theatre in
course of construction at 110th street
and Fifth avenue fell with six workmen
a few minutes before 5 o'clock yesterday
afternoon. Three of the six, Italians,
were removed to the Harlem Hospital.
The others were attended by a surgeon
and went home.

The police arrested Torkel Larsen, the
foreman, on a charge of criminal neyli-
gence. Several weeks ago in a wind flurry
a portion of ome of the side walls of the
theatre was blown down and several men
were hurt. The theatre is being con-
structed by the Samuel Trigger Amuse-
ment Company.

ANSON SUED FOR %6,500 RENT.

Tho Sulit Against the Veteran Ball Player

Is Brought by the Wife of Chas. P. Taft.

Cuicaao, July 6.—Adrian ©. Anson, presi-
dent of A, C. Anson & Co., was made de-
fendant in a suit for $6,500 begun in the Munici-
pal Court to-day. The suit is brought by
Anna 8. Taft, wife of Charles P. Taft of Cin-
cinnati, brother of the Republican nominee
for President, and is for rent alleged to be due
her from Anson on the premises at 141 Mad-
ison street. The premises are occupied by
the veteran ball player as acafé, billiard par-
lor and bowling alley. It is fitted up sumpt-
uously and is said to have been a paying ven-
ture from the start owing to the fame of
Anson in sporting circles,

ABE RUEF OUT OF JAIL,

The San Francisco Grafter Released on
$1,500,000 Bonds.

San Francisco, July 6.—Abe Ruef, the
boss grafter, who has been in the common
jail for six months, was set free late this
afternoon in $1,500,000 bonds, despite every
effort of the prosecution to prevent him
securing liberty. District Attorney Honey,
aasisted by Judge Dunne, refused to ac-
cept any sureties except thoss “who
owned real estate, hut Ruef appealed to
the District Court of Appeals and the
court took the case out of Dunne’'s hands
and gave it to Judge Murasky. Murasky
has examined bondsmen for four days.

Ruef's father and his sister, Henrietta
Sittenfelt, went on $690,000 of bonds. Aside
from these the other heavy bondsmen were
the Atna Indemnity Insurance Company
for $200,000, Louis Friedman for $110,000,
Leopold Hirsch, $100,000, and William
Cohen, $60,000.

DIVORCE FOR KEENE’S DAUGHTER

 

ipated] Decroc.

Justice McCall of the Supreme Court
signed yesterday an interlocutory decree
granting to Mrs. Jessica Taylor a divoros
from Talbot J. Taylor, the stock broker.
Mrs. Taylor is a daughtor of James R.
Keene,
The deoree is based on the report of Leo
C. Dessar, who heard testimony in the suit
asareferee, It does not discloss the name
of the corespondent,
The Taylors were married in May, 1872,
and separated nearly two years ago. The
firm of Talbot J. Taylor & Co., of which
the defendant in the divorce suit was the
leading member, failed in 1903.

 

U. S. NO LONGER A MISSION LAND.

the Mission Vield.

Special Cable Despaich to Tue Sun.
Lonpon, July 6.—Despatohos from Rome
to-day announce the issuance of an im-
portant pontifical decree whereby the
United States, Canada, Great Britain and
Holland are removed from the jurisdiction
of the Congregation of the Propaganda,
the society of Cardinals having the- care
and oversight of foreign missions. These
countries therefore are no longer considered
missionary lands. =
' The decree suppresses a number of offiees
and combines others, its main tendency
being plainly in the direction of economy.

DIRECT FROM TAMPA,

First Steamer Brings \he Wife of Tampa's
; Mayor.
Tho Maiiory Line steamship Rio Grande,

due to-morrow from Tampa, has aboard

Mrs. Frank 8. Wing, wife of the Mayor of

the little city; Dr. and Mrs. N. §, Bird, and

 

other distinguished residents who are
making the firet trip to New York ever
made aboard a si ip sailing direct

f T The se
three weeks age, when‘ the
steamed through

was opened

Rio Grande
channel

      
   
 
    
    
 
      

;

“ Tunepay, Jy2x,7, 1008,
Showers atid cooler this afternoon or to
night; generally fair, with moderate
temperature to-morrow.

 

‘i

nity
>

A * WN fc
Ia eT REET ae AMR TT Re
PA Nell F

   
      

ud

          
   

PRICE TWO CENTS,

BEG NEW YORK 70 BEAT BRYAN

OPPOSITION THINKS STATE'S 7@ *
VOTES CAN DO IT.

 

  
 
    
       

 

Hope to Prevent Noniination on First Baly e

Denver, July 6.—The efforts to prevent
Bryan's nomination on the first ballot in
the hope that a second or third ballot would
bring in Gov. Johnson or Judge Gray have —
gone on all day.

There has been conference after confers *
ence, the last one extending from 4 o'clooks
this afternoon until late this evening. - :

At this last conference there were New
Yorkers, Pennsylvanians, Minnesotans and
Democrats from Michigan, New Jensey, ”
North Carolima, Floridz and Georgia.

Those who participated in this confer
ence reiterated what they said last night.

It is all summed up in the terse statement:
“If New York will stand hard and fast.
Bryan can be beaten ”

Many who were in this final conference
of the day admitted that the chance was
desperate, that it waa a forlorn hope, but
declared that if New York would stand up
and plump its seventy-eight votes against |
Bryan on the first ballot be could be beaten |
on that ballot and afterward new combina-
tions could be formed by which on a second
or third ballot Bryan's nomination would
be prevented and the Democracy of the
nation saved from utter destruction.

ALL DEPENDS ON NBW YORK.

But everything depends upon New Yorl,

The ballot will probably not be taken ~
until] Thursday. Meantime there are to be
further conferences, ,

Charles F. Murphy wil) not signify his in-
tention as to how the New York delegation
is to vote under the unit rule. The delega-
tion is to assemble in thé morning and Mr. -
Murphy has not decided what action tha
delegation is to take either as to a candidate
for Prasident or for Vice-President + In the
words of Ciark Howell of Georgia, “If New
York goes to pieces we will all go to: pieces, ©
and Bryan will be nominated. but I do not
believe he can be elected.” oH

Lewis Nixon, a close friend of Bryan and
intimate friend of Mr. Murphy, J. Sergeant
Cram, Thomas F. Grady and others believe —
and so say that the New York delegation willy
eventually go to Bryan. ek

The old story has been revived to-night — oe
that if the New Yorkers will agree upon © &
Justice Seabury as the candidate for Vice ~
President Mr. Hearst will abandon his
Independence League movement, Mr.
Bryan has recently turned the molasses
spigoc in Mr. Hearst's diregtion.

NEW JERSEY ACTIVE,

Ex-Senator Smith of New Jersey has
been busy as a bee allday. The delegation
is opposed to Bryan. Mr. Smith has at-
tended many conferences and while he
believes that there is a chance to beat
Bryan he does not feel very confident.

The Michigan dolegation is all torn up
over the Bryan question: The Nebraskan
has many personal friends in the delegation;
and yet a vast majority of them declare
that if Bryan is nominated he cannot be
elected. ;

The Georgia folks Jate to-night are bee
coming restive and exceedingly nervous
over the fact that the State comes ahead of ©
New York on the roll call, and it does not
want to be recorded against Bryan unless It
can be assured that New York will back i¢
up. The Georgians are therefore chasing
about town in an effort to ascertain what
the New Yorkers are to do, and Mr. Murphy
declines to give them any specific informae
tion.

VICE-PRESIDENCY IGNORED.

Very little was heard to-day and very few
seemed to care anything about a Vice
Presidential candidate. ; ,

The New Yorkers persisted in saying that
they did not care a two cent postage stamp
whether they had the Vice-Presidential
nomination or not.

The day was given up to the meetings of
delegations, which are usually held the day
before the first session of the convention,
This convention is to hoid its first session
to-morrow at noon. ‘

Probably the most important meet-
ings of delegations were those of the New
Yorkers and the Pennsylvanians. The
New Yorkers assembled at 12 o’olook, with
William J. Conners, Democratic State
chairman, presiding, and beside him was
Clerk John A. Mason, ei

There were five absentees. Martin W.
Litileton represented Morgan J. O'Brien,
Michael J. Mulqueen was proxy for John
Fox, William J. Sullivan spoke up for Sam-
uel A. Beardsley, Frank J. Nelson was
proxy for John B, Stanchfield and William
F. Rafferty represented James K. Maguire,

NORMAN E. MACK SNUBBED.

On motion of Mr. Rafferty Arthur A.
McClean from Newburgh was made chairs
man of the caucus. This was a new de-
parture, for it is usual for a State’s national
committeeman, in this instance Norman
Mack, to be chairman of the caucus.

Mr. Conners moved that Charles F, Mur-
phy be made chairman of the delegation
in the convention and this was ae
adopted. Then in regular order Daniel F.
Cohalan was named as the State's repre-
sentative on the credentials committes,
Charles P. Williams on the permanent or-
ganization committee, Senator Thomas F.
Grady on rules and Alton B, Parker on the
committee on platform.

All but one voted for Mr. Parker, The
single vote against him was that of Charles
A, Burke of Malone, who later said: “I
did not vote for Parker and I would not
vote for Parker to be our representative
on the committee on platform, He is
against Bryan and we know it, and we
have got to win in this campaign on Bryan
and progress. Parker does not represent
our ideas. He would not stand for the
kind of a platform Bryan wants,”

Mr. Williams requested that New York
present to the committee on platform the
following injun plank and insist upon
its adoption: / -

A PLATPORM SUGGESTION.

“We favor such a modification of the jij
law relating to injunction as Cn a ‘
prevent the iesuing of the writ in ft i
disputes except aftor notice to the defend-
ants and full heovin’s; vecogd, permit trial
before a Judjre other than the one whe
issued the. writ; third, allow @ jury to be
summoned in all cases where the alleged

S42 TOST, PAUL, MIM vdaroud, ck
‘enn ;
<ouniecnaae
: a i 4 bh Ay.

   

ee Oe 2c eee

9 to 12, vin Py
to return until July 27,
i ] £

55s
WE ert fe aes

eo, 3,