“VOL.
see eget eminete

COI) AT THE FLAGSHIP BALL.

PRINCE LOUIS'S GUESTS CROWD
THE DANCING FLOOR,

      

 

 

 

Chilly in the Canyas Walled Supper Room
and in Cosey Corners by the Big Guns
—Shipa Pretty Sight--Why Miss Allee
Roosevelt Could Not Attend the Bail.

The November weather is no friend of
Anglo-American good feeling. The
wave which swept in from the
jast night nearly spoiled the reception and
dan given by Prince Louis of Battenberg
aboard his flagship Drake.

It was no night for a ball under canvas.
The ganeing floor, which had been set up

the funnel and the after bridge
or the engine roam, %

het weet
AN

 

the only |

anc ve

warm place on board, The quarter deck,
which had been roofed over to accommio-
date the overflow; the barbettes of the big
guns, which had been turned into cosey
corners for téte-a-tites— these were fairly |
Areti

[he guests were driven to the dancing

 

 

cold |
Atlantic |

on the main deck in bare shoulders and
open fronted waistcoats while they waited
their turn to be introduced. Before the
end of the week New York may lose some of
her prominent social leaders through
pneumonia,

Tady Susan took her place to the right
of the Prince. She is a typical tall, blond
Iinglish lady. She was all in white except
for a bunch of mauve orchids at her belt.
she wore a pearl dog collar and a diamond
coTonet,

It was easy to distinguish the English
and the Anglomaniacs, as they approached,
from the plain Americans. The English
women courtesied very low as they grasped
the hands of the Prince and Her Grace,
The men made a deep bow and remembered
fo unglove their hands, The American
women sitnply shook hands with cordiality,
and the nen made an easy going affair of it.

the manner of the Prince
couraged formality. He said “Good even-
in cordial tone that many
an who had cotne prepared to
“ay “I hoje your Grace is well” or same
other appropriate remark said simply
evening” or “Howareyou?” When

such a

te
Ing

American

“Good

 

rather dis- |

Prince Siexander caine up in his little mid- |

jcket
turn at making @ courtesy.

thipmuan’s Ludy Susan took her

She gave her

) Craina Wwice sweep and sank ulmost to one

4, whieh presently became so trowded
that by the fourth dance just twenty cou-
ples, by actual count, were rolling about
in a little space which they had elbowed
out in the centre of the floor ‘The rest of
the floor space was used for standing room
Miss Alice Roosevelt, who was expected

to he present, did not attend. Many of
the g wered until very late in the
hope of seem ie President's Gauhite!
. relative who Was aboard the
lat a late hour that Miss Roose-

ne to Boston early in the day

ce,” said this relative, “Is som

red out by reeent social functions,
received word from the White |

is morning not to attend the bai

ther important social affairs fou

turn of the weather nurt a very
pretty occasion The flagship had been
preparing for this dance ever since it came
into port First, the sailors had put down
their dancing floor over the waist of the
vesee|, This was canopied over with

striped red and white canvas In tent effect
At its top this was caught up by a field of
forty-eight while stars picked out on a

blue ground for the stars of the American
y» to this

 
 

 

flag. The gangways which le!
floor were carpeted in red and twined with
red, white and! i tiings

At either end of the room was a diving
suit, blown up so that it stood upright,
The two figures carried trays—-one for lost
articles, the other tor programmes. 1x
life buovs, one for each shin of the fleet,
were strung about the walls. They formed
frames for Concave mirrors, Which made
strange, distorted pictures of the highly
colored crowd on the Lallrooin floor.

All the main deek was decorated with
fags and Junting, The «quarterdeck,
roofed over with Lig ensigns and strung all

 

al out with rows of signal flags, was intended
for an overflow tallroom on the
Cunard dgck still more bunting,
étreamers and pennants partitioned off a
supper room, where a caterer was to serve
at 12 for the 1,300 guests

The decorators had managed a great dis
play of arms. The field guns and machine
guns of the Drake's equipment had | een
dragged to the rails of the ballroom, where
they menaced the guests al) evening long
Every cutlass on the ship had been pressed
into service for the little medallions of glis-
tening blades which caught up the lunting
at intervals,

The big 9.2-inch stern gun of the Drake
stood in its place in the middle of the quar-
ter deck, looking rather out of place Th»
decorators had tried every devica to make
that gun look beautiful and frivolous, bu
gave it up and let it stand there in all its
solemnity.

The guests began arriving a little after
o'clock. A squad of seventy-five police-
men under Inspector Hovan kept the wharf
clear and established lines across the Street.
‘The first women to arrive left their wraps
in the dressing rooms on the pier, and
struck the icy blast that romped through
the cracks in the awnings on the quarter-
deck. They shivered a moment and sent
their escorts back for their wraps. They
tried to promenade the decks; and, being

Over

flags,

 

  

  
 

RK,

 

SHAW REPLIES 10 HIS CRITICS

NEW YORK REVIEWS WORSE THAN
THE SUPPRESSED PLAY.

Police Commissioner McAdoo’s Reports on
“Mrs, Warren's Profession” Denounced —
Mr. Shaw Says His Business Is to Inter-
pret Life, Not to Teach Moral Lessons.

Special Cable Despatch to THR Sun.

Lonnon, Noy. 14.—G. Bernard Shaw,
after seeing Police Commissioner McAdoo's
letter in Tuk SuN of November 2, and the
full comments of the American news-
papers, writes:

“IL would really rather not talk about
the ‘Mrs. Warren's Profession’ incident.
lt is extremely serious and I feel very seri-
ously about it. Unfortunately in London
it has got studded over with little gems |
of fun that make it very difficult to miain- |
tain perfect and becoming gravity.

“The news got on the wrong lines, be-
cause the first announcement in the Times

|

said that what would really crush and
humiliate me was New York's discovery
that my play was dull, That unlucky

dullnesses, which are frequent enough,
are roared at as prime jokes, reduced the
whole piece of news to an absurdity for
every reader ‘opt myself. The next |
hotice quoted a critic as saying, after seeing |
my play, that he should not allow auy of !
his relatives to speak to any of mine, which,
of course, simply doubled up every reader
with hysterical cachination.

“Then your Police Commissioner rushed
into print. He said the only parts of the
play which did not bore him were the in-
decent parts. Of course, the unfortunate

|
touch of ineredibility, for in Kngland my
|

eX

| gentleman did not mean this, but it amuses

knee

Among the wel! Known men and women
at the ball were .

Mr. and Mrs. Willlam K. Vanderbilt, Jr:
Mr liermaann Oelrichs, Viscount and Lady
Maitland, Robert W. Goelet, Mr. and Mrs
John Jncob Astor, Mr. aud Mrs. Harry 8.

. Cornelius Vanderbilt, Mr. and Mrs.
inald ¢ Vanderbilt, Mr. and Mrs, Pem-
Jones, Mr. and Mrs. Harry Payne
hey, Miss Dorothy Whitney, Mr. and’
An Puck French, Ogden Mills, Jr.,
lists Beatrice Mills, Miss Gladys Mills,
Mr. and = Mrs Douglas Robinson, Mrs. |
Vanderbilt, Miss Gladys Vanderbilt, Mr.
mud Mrs. Stuyvesant Fish, Mr. and Mrs.
Joseph KK, Widener, W. Waldorf Astor, Jr.,
General and Mrs. Mills of West Point, August
Belmont, Mrs. Adolph Ladenburg, Nict 1
Longwordh, Vicotate and Vicomtess de Fara-
mond of the French Embassy, Capt. Four-
nier, Mili v Attacheol the Freneh krbassy
Mayor auc Mrs. George Bo MeClellan, Lady
Mabel King-ttall, Miss Edith Wetmore, Mrs,
eal Penbody Wetmore, Mrs. William
hemleld Cowles, Mr. and Mes. Ernest Iselin,
Mir. and Mrs. Arthur tselin, Mr. and Mrs
1. Yownsend Burden, Mr. and Mr Moses
lor, Mr. and Mrs. Jaiges A. Stillinan,
Mero and Mrs. Perry Belmont, Mr. and Mrs
Pierre Lorillard, Baron and Baroness Mon-
( r, Rooort Goelet Gerry, Peter Lorillard
Gerry, Miss Gerry, Miss Mabel Gerry, Mr.

 

 

and Mrs. J. Pierpont Morgan, Miss Morgan,

 

Mr. and Mrs. Williatn K. Vanderbilt, George
J. Gould, Mr. and Mrs, Edwin Gould, Mr.
and Mrs. W. Se rd Webb, Mr. and Mrs,
Willinta Gi. Rockefeller, Mr. and Mrs. Percy
Rockefellor, Mrs dames B. Havin, James H
bivde. Mr nd Mrs. Joseph H. Choate, Sena-
| tor and Mrs. Chauncey M. Depew, Mr, and
Mrs. Wil is Hetfelin, Mrs. Burke
Roche, Miss Cynthia Roche aot Mr and Mrs

Alfred G. Vanderbu

The first dance, a waltz -spelled “valse,”

 

 

 

)

|

|

|

the ;ublic to laugh as if he did. Now |

comes his letter to a lady, a brave and |

honorable lady, who paid him the high |

compliment of Jetting him know what she |
thought of the affair, in which, having

reviled my play for teaching the public |

much, he recommends the Sermon |
on the Mount and the Ten Commandments

Leeause they teach a great deal more |
“There is a sort of fate entangling the

enemies of ‘Mrs, |

|

|

loo

Warren's Profession.’
The Commissioner was in a= sufficiently
diMeull position in any case. He did not
attempt to deny that the play was true to
hature, but he had to contend that knowl-
edge of the things mentioned in it must
deprave and brutalize. Now, it is a police-
man's profession to know all these things
and to be in contact with them, so if the

self would be depraved and a person en-

unfit to act as the moral censor of
York,

‘As a matter of fact, it is the people who
know about these things who are humane
and understand that the victims of them
are humans, often quite amiable ones. It

is the people who call their ignorance purity

tirely
N

 

 

' that also call their fellow creatures filthy

Prytlish style, on the programime—started
without ceremouy just after the Prince
began to rec There were sixteen
dances on the programme altogether, all |

wait ps except one lancers,
thrown in as the th num er as a con-
to old fashioned tastes,
vase so crowded even
the young and piddy tried it at all,
riestia were coming all this time,

hent Americans aun to arrive,
Lie ttenant Sowerby, standing on the stairs
to the left of the Prince, | egan to introduce

  

ZO8 and tWwo-
CESsSsIOr
The

te

 

 

 

 

and outrage every literary and social de-

) cency by a torrent of bad language and an

The floor |
at this hour that only |

Promi- |
Flag |

! to his sense of duty or his needs.

orgy of bad manners when an attempt
is made to enlighten them. Look at
things said about poor Mfrs. Warren.
“What is Mrs, Warren to a Christian
such a thing exists in America? She is to |
the last ‘the temple of the Holy Ghost.’
To a policeman she is a criminal who can
either be arrested or blackmailed, according
To a man

Commissioner's contention is valid hé@ him-
'
'

the

if

of honor she is at least a fellow creature,

' with inalienable human rights, but to the

them, When he called ovt a name of more
than national fame the Prince would smile
as though to say “here is no need of that.”
August Belmont and Charles M. Schwab
came in close together, ‘Lhe Prince smiled
on the latter and sai

“The man who taakes the steel for the
bettleships.”  Intre cLion="were dispensed
with in the ease of Rear Admiral Coghlan |
and Rear Admiral Evans

In the ecsey comers about the guns,
down on the main deck, the bluejackets
began to light charcoal braviers to miti
ate the cold and relieve tension on the
floor. These lifted the temperature so
that the cold could be felt and nothing
more,

Couches carefully prepared from tran-

soms set on boxes and covered with bunting
and fiags rifled from the rest of the fleet

New York theatrical journalist she is a piece
of mere foulness in the gutter, ordure and

loathsome,

“L really do not wish to be offensive, especi-
ally as 1 have been so severely provoked,
but where do you get your journalists?
Some of our own are bad enough in all con-
science, but —well, I put it to you whether
you would not read ‘Mrs, Warren's Profes-

| sion’ aloud in any company ten times rather

went berging. No cooing in those corners, |
It is no use to try to get out the language of
sontiment between sneezes, On the quarter
deck four dance mad American ensigns
| with mufflers about their necks waltazed
with four maidens, who wore their wraps.
Vhe second waltz was a jam. In this
the British, who seldom do anything so
wndicnified as to reverse, managed to shoot

assured by the officers that it was warmer |

Up above, elimbed to the ballroom

It was uncomfortat hi up there; so the
wraps came off and wefe hung on the rails.
tut no one yentured down on the deck
that. In half an hour, therefore,
that foor began to Le filled beyond the lirnit
of comfort.

The crowd was mixed; even more so than
at any of the other social doings which
the Prince has attended in New York.
The officers of the Drake and a sprinkling
of officers from the other British vessels
attended asa matter of course. The Ameri-
can navy and army had delegations. There
were «a few official personages, and a good
attendance of what is known as “society.”

after

portion of the company
teking the advice of several social experts.
Mis. Douglas Robinson and Chauncey M.
Yepew were among his advisers on this part.

. ;
the uniforms, as ever, were elaborate,

and the parade of gowns was a stunning |

show. As contrasted with their guests, the
ritish officers dressed plainly.

The Prince, observing the weather when
be came on board after his junketing to
Turedo, had foreseen a crush, He ordered
Iness jackets for the squadron. The epau-
lets of full dress would have made trouble
in the jam.

‘Ty
like a blue dress coat with the tails cut off
and with a knot of gold braid et the left
shoulder, This was the dress of t.e Prince,
only that he wore his medals in miniature
and his red ribbon diagonally across the
bosom of his shirt,

The middies, callow youths who danced
enthusiastically later in the evening with
big American girls who could look clear
over their heads, were in their little Eton
Jackets, The unconsidered crew, hustling
chairs, acting as ushers and rushing re-
freshinents, were in white blouses, with
the chevrons picked out in blue, and those
straw hats from which the woman's sailor
hat takes its name. On such a night those
straw hats gave a shivery effect.

At 10 o'clock Prince Louis, who had been
dining on the Umbria with Lady Cunard,

-he mess jacket of the British service is |

passed down the quarterdeck with Lady

Susan Towsley and took his station at the

head of the main gangway leading to the
dancing floor. It had been intended to herd
the Eliegts on the quarter deck until his ar-
rival and send them up past him to the Moor
before the first dance began.

At that hour, however, the early arrivals

bad ail herded into‘the only warm place |

above the gun deck. The officers of the
Drake arranged this by herding the ptople

‘ ; _ | Prince proceeded in state towa rd the su
The Prince hac worked hard to make this | :
representative, |

through the spaces and to come off very

vell The third dance, a twostep, was a
football game, with the American ensigns
dropping out fast. The fourth saw only
twenty couples on the floor—daneing.

Charles Sehwab, who was looking for some
one in the crowd, dubbed it “fat man’s
misery.” CP

At the beginning of the sixth dance a
bugle was blown for attention while an
aide requested that the guests who were
not daneing would step to the forward
part of the floor and give the dancers a
chance, A squad of bluejackets came
along with ropes and made the space perma-

nent, so that. while the standers suffered
the dancers did pretty well
Ata quarter past 12, the band struck up

“The Roast Beef of Old England,” and the
per
room, With Mrs. Evans on his arm. Rear
Admiral Evans followed with Lady Susan
‘Vownley, and after them the guests at the
Prince's table in irregular order, Among
them were the Consuls of the main foreign
Powers, Capt. Mark Kerr, Miss Crocker,
Miss Mary Harrison, Mrs. Henry T. Scott
of San Francisco, Mrs. Mountford Wilson,
and Mr. and Mrs. Charles B, Alexander,
The caterer and his assistants had been
doing their best, with charcoal braziers and
oil stoves, to make the seaward end of the
Cunard pier livable, They — sueceeded
pretty well in raising the temperature, but
they could not shut out the draughts, and
the women au nies for the most part, in
eir wraps.
ene for their coats. The Prince did not.
It was a day of private entertainments
for the Prince. In the afternoon he had

luncheon at the Tuxedo Club. On his
wav back he called on Mrs. Astor. He |
dined on the Umbria, lying next to his

veusel at the Cunard pier, and proceeded
t) his own entertainment on board the
Drake. 7 -

To-day he gets out of New York for two
days. The Drake will be coaling, and it
will not be pleasant on board, He will go
ty) Rhinebeck at 10 0’clock this morning to
visit Mrs or. He will return Friday
evening for a state dinner at the Astor city
house, pass the night either in his suite at
the Netherland or on board his flagship,
and sail in the morning,

His heavy work is over, and, if he did not
catch cold at his party, he will take a rest
and get wells

  

 

only thing on its mind is the international
fight.
Warship Makes Short Stay at Macoris.

Wasnutaton, Nov, 14.—The cruiser Den-
ver has reported her arrival at Santo Do-
mingo City from Macoris, whither:she was
sent last weel: to quell a reported revolu-
tion. It is evident ‘rom the short stay of
the vessel at Macoris that there was no
trouble there.

SS
Fulton Cutting to Dine Jerome.
R. Fuiton Cutting will give a dinner for

District Attorney Jerome at the Hotel Astor
on thursday evening. Mrs. Jerome and 180

down the other gangway. ‘They shivered | guests will attend.

“ven one ortwo of the men |

than the New York notices once, You can
hardly imagine how incredible it is to Lon-
doners that a Commissioner of Police should
sensational! articles about a play and |

'
|
\
gangrene unmentionable, disgusting
|

write
get them published in the papers as ‘reports.
That he should force a manager to withdraw
the play by threatening to drag the actresses
in it into a police court on a charge of inde-
cency under a statute which makes it a

, criminal! offence for any American woman to

 

|

|

|

\ : ing thern out so as to show their real sig-
the fleet remains, and the | & 8

|

|

|

|

|
wear a new hat or wash her face is a thing |
beyond all belief heres As to the climax,
the publication of letters from ladies to the
Commissioner, with replies at full length,
one ean only gasp and wonder whether
it really happened.

“Pray, do not misunderstand me, I am
not alluding to the quality of Mr, McAdoo's
letters, their contradictions, confusions
and reckless inaccuracy, in regard to what
he writes he has seen and the repetitions
and idle rumors in regard to what he has
not seen, What I mean is the public scan-
dal of a responsible official using his re-
ports and correspondence as copy for the
newspapers and writing them accordingly
in the style of the yellowest of yellow jour-

Such a thing in England would |

much less a chief |
|

|

|

'

nalism.
ruin a Prime Minister
inspector of police.

“My own concern is naturally more for
my own profession, I make my acknowl-
edgment to THE SUN of the way in which
it has stood almost alone in New York for
the dignity of our common profession,
and for its liberty of speech and thought.

“Your Mr, Corbin js, | think, wrong in
reproaching me for not having given that
romantic charm to the play which would
have adulterated it unbearably to those
who know that the charm of the subject is |
its curse

“Mr. Norman Hapgood, too, has shown
there is still some publie spirit and esprit

' de corps left in American literature, but the

rest, hallooing for Comstock and McAdoo
to arrest Miss Herne and Miss Shaw, really
deserve worse than Comstock will probably |

some day do to them, |
“As regards the play, we have no further }
| explanations to offer except that it is |

a mistake to suppose my business is to
teach moral lessons, My business is to
interpret life by taking events occurring
at haphazard in daily experiences and sort-

nificance and interrelation, Nothing in
ordinary life tells a man when buying a box |
of matches he is driving some woman at the
other end of New York, whom henever saw
and never will see, on to the streets. My
lay teaches him that. Having learned it,
1e can draw What moral lesson he is capable
of from it.

“Anybody who believes he would draw
better ones or he a better man from he-
lieving that the sole relation between him |
and the woman at the other end of New
York is merely the relation between two
wholly disconnected social facts, one a
highly moral, respectable one, andthe other
a vicious, disgusting one, is—excuse the ,
phrase I am going to use, and which Iam
using in a scriptural sense, not expletively |
—a hopelessly damned fool,” |

ya bal

 

 

 

MOB BURNS RABBI TO DEATH.
A

Another Outbreak Reported at Hishinef?
—Rellef Fund Plans,
Special Cable Despatches to THR SUN.

Buonarest, Nov. 14.—Further Jewish
massacres and outrages are reported at
Bourgade and Danutzeri, in Bessarabia.
The chief rabbi of Kishineff was soaked in
petroleum and burned alive.

Lonvon, Noy. 14.--A conference to ar-
range for the distribution of the Jewish
relief fund has decided to establish a central
information bureau at Berlin and to send
commissioners to visit the affected Russian
towns. The sum of $425,000 has already
been subscribed, including $50,000 cabled
from America this afternoon.

JOE CANNON

 

 

UNCLE AT WORK,

| No Opposition to His Beelectton as Speaker

Tackles Committee Lists.
WASHINGTON, Novy. 14.—Full of health and
good spirits, but unwilling to talk on any
subject of public interest, Speaker-to-be

| Joseph G, Cannon arrived in Washington

Mr. Cannon will succeed himself
He has no

to-day.
as Speaker in the next House.
opposition,
up his committee lists, which will be an-
nounced early in the session.

‘This is a difficult task at all times, but will |

be particularly so this winter. ‘The Repub-
licans have an overwhelming majority in
the House. The indications are that the
tepublican representation on all important
committees will be increased and the minor-
ity correspondingly reduced.

SPEEDING CAR JUMPS TRACK,

Seven Persons Are Injured Near Flushing
and One WIil Die.

Seven men were injured and about seven-
ty others were shaken up in a trolley acci-
dent at the Jackson avenue line bridge over
Flushing creek last night. One of the in-
jured will probably die. The car which met
with the mishap left Long Island City for
Flushing at 5:30 o'clock in charge of Motor-
man Gustave Kurston of Astoria.

The trolley ine runs across the meadows
west of Flushing creck on a causeway, A
temporary bridge is in use across Flushing

creek, and to reach this from the causeway
the cars have to make a sharp turn. Along
the causeway the cars run fast. As he

; approached the curve Motorman Kurston

attempted to apply the brakes, but they
did not work and the car hit the curve at
high speed.

The front wheels left the rails and the
car turned partly over but righted and shot
out into the meadows a distance of thirty
feet. The passengers were thrown about
and bruised but, with one exception, sus-
tained no dangerous injury. Charles Harris
of 155 Lincoln avefiue, Flushing, will prob-
ably die. On the rear platform of the car

| were seven men, all of whom were burt by

being thrown to the roadway. ‘They were:

Archibald Durham, Jaeger avenue,
Flushing, head cut; William Price, 197 Cen-
tral avenue, Flushing, severe contusion of
the knee; William G, Miller, of Sixteenth
street, College Point, fractured right arm
and a sealp wound; Patrick Fox, 27 Sullivan
street, Flushing, three cuts on the sealp,
right arm and shoulder bruised and @ hip
dislocated; Charles Harris, Lineoln

25

155

street, Flushing, extensive depressed frac- |

ture of skull and fracture of the spine, re-
covery impossible; Jeremiah Hendrickson,
College Point, compound fracture of the
left arm, bruised and cut about faes, and
Charles Heitz of 14 Seney street, Jamaica,

' scalp wound and severe contusions of the

hips.

Those most seriously injured were taken |

to the hospital at Flushing. The others

were hurried to their homes.

{STORS TO ENTERTAIN: PRINCE,
Hie Will Go to Rhinebeck To-eday—Other
Festivities tn His Honor,

Prince Louis of Battenberg will be the
guest to-day of Col. and Mrs, John Jacob
Astor at Ferneliff, Rhinebeck on the Hud-
son,

Mrs. Astor will give her first dinner of
the season on Friday night at her home,
x42 Fifth avenue, in honor of Prince Louis.

Mr. and Mrs. Frederick W. Whitridge
give a dance to-night for the officers of the
visiting fleet at their home, 16 East Eleventh
street. Mrs, Charles H. Marshall of 6 Eaat,
Seventy-seventh street will give a luncheon
of twenty-four covers for Prince Louis on
Thursday

SENDS $1,000000 HERE,
Western Banks Send Thetr Reserve Sur-
plus to Hletp Out Eastern Market.

Omana, Neb, Nov. 14.--More than
$1,000,000 has been sent to New York by
Omaha banks to be invested im call loans,
One institution alone sent $259,00),

The reserve in Omaha banks has greatly
increased in volume recently and is being
sent East for profitable investment. One
banker said that this is the first time Western
banks have been material factors in sup-
plying the East with money, the conditions
having heretofore been just the reverse,
Other cities, he said, were also loaning large
amounts of money in the East.

OMAHA

OUR CHANCE IN) MOROCCO.

Representative Sent to International Con-
ference, but Litthe Expected to Come of It.

WASHINGTON, Nov, 14. It was announced
at the State Department to-day that Sam-

uel G. Gummere, the American Minister to |

Morocco will be this Goverriment’s repre-
sentative at the conference on the affairs of
Morocco, which has been arranged by Ger-
many and France. It was further stated
that the United States had assented to the

| programme outlined by France and Ger-

many. Mr. Gummere will have full powers
to act for the United States.

Government officials here have not shown
a great deal of interest in the coming con-
ference, believing that the interests of this

' country are not great enough to warrant

any marked effort on the part of the United
States to gain any privileges in Morocco.
The trade of this country with Morocco has
never been large, and while it is concaded
that present prospects do not indicate any

. considerable increase of commerce in the

near future, there are those who hold that
at the conference the United States should
use every endea.or to gain all the advan-

, tages possible.

 

By Marcont Wireless. ~
The steamship Majestic, westbound, was

110 miles east of Nantucket Lightship at
12:30 A. M, to-day

 

“The Second Empire
Js a wonderfully

York at (02 FP. M., arriving Buffalo 10:20 P. M.,
stopping at Albany, Utes, Syracuse, Roches
and Batavia.,—Aas,

He has come here to make |

uf the New York Central |
pular daily trate leaving New |

ae SRS
: on

 

 

 

MORELAND AND RBUR-
ALL TALKED OF,

HOOKER,
NETT

 

Odell Said to Have Learned Yesterday
That Gov. Higgins Will Sign No Bill
to Restore to the New York City Alder-
men Their Old Power Over Franchises.

Gov. Higgins decided yesterday to re-
main in town until this morning, when he
is to return to Albany, He had another
short talk with Chairman Odell of the Ke-
publiean State committee at the Albemarle
Hotel yesterday afternoon, and from all
that could be learned Gov. Higgins is to

e a pretty smart hand in naming the
next Speaker of the Assembly, Indeed, it
was said very positively for the Governor
after he had had his talk with Mr. Odell that
no Republican Assemblyman who voted to
retain Supreme Court Justice Warren B,
Hooker on the bench will have the support
of Gov. Higgins for the place. Mr. Odell
has favored the vlevation of either Assem -
blyman James T. Rogers of Broome or
Assemblyman Edwin A. Merritt of St.
Lawrence county, while some of Mr.Odell's
adherents have believed that heat the last
moment intended to shove to the front
Assemblyman J. Mayhew Wainwright of
Westchester county. Inasmuch as Mr.

| deal, it was said last night that Mr. Wain-
wright was also out of the running. Mr.
Rogers and Mr. Merritt were Hooker mea

| every hour in the day and night.
Assemblyman Rogers believed that he

man of the Ways and Means Committee
of the Assembly and in the line for pro-
motion. It was said in reply to this that a
crisis has arrived in the Republican party
and that it about time to clean house all
round,

The most likely candidates for Speaker
spoken of yesterday were 8. Percy Hooker
of Genesee, Sherman Moreland of Chemung,
and Jean L. Burnett of Ontario. At this
stage of the game no Republican of note
cared to venture to name the winner,

Chairman Odell returned to Newburgh
last night in an uneasy frame of mind, some
of his friends at the Fifth Avenue Hotel
said. The testimony of James Hazen
Hyde before the insurance investigators
was a stunner for Mr. Odell, in the estirma-
tion of those who taiked about it at the
hotel.

Mr. Odell also learned yesterday, it was
seid, that he is to fail in one of the pur-
poses of the Odell-Hearst deal, inasmuch

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER | Dye 1905 ,—cevrrien, 1905, by The Sun Printing and Publishing Association
NEW NAMES ON SPEAKER SLATE

as Gov. Higgins, it was declared with cone |
siderable show of authority, will not sign |

any bill which will take from the Board of
Estimate and Apportionment the power to
grant railroad franchises in New York city,
and return it to
Gov. Higgink& signed last winter the
taking from the Board of Aldermen the
| power and giving it to the Board of Esti-

the Board of Aldermen.

|
|
|
|
|
|
'
should be made Speaker because he is chair-
|
|
|
|

mate, and his friends, who said that they
knew what they were talking about, de-
clared that they were convinced that he
would take no backward step.

Chairman Odell's deal with Mr, Hearst
Assembly and thirty-six

in twenty-nine

' Aldermanic distriets continued to come
| in for a great deal of severe criticigm, Re-
| publicans figured that, all told, there were
| 250,000 Republican votes in New York city.
| William M. ivins got only 138,000 of them.
| The Odell Renublicans at the Fifth Avenue
Hotel figured Jast night that under this
Odell-Hearst deal 69,00) machine Repub-
licans voted for Hearst.
very general comment that Mtr. Odell
by this deal had put a stain upon the Repub-
lican party of the county which would take
years to eradicate.

TALK OF A NICARAGUA CANAL.

Not Believed tn Washington That) Britain
and Japan Contemplate One,
Mexico Ciry, Nov. 14.—The Mecican
Herold says it has information that the
governments of Great Britain and -lapan
have practically decided to construct a
ship canal of their own across Nicaragua,
practically on the lines of the plan rejected
by the American Government, Great Britain
to furnish the capital and Japan the labor.
WASHINGTON, Noy. 14.—The State [e-
partment has received no advices which
would indicate that the report coming from
Mexico that Great Britain and lapan have
decided to build an Isthmian canal over
the old Nicaraguan route is true, It is not
believed that the two countries mentioned
contemplate any such step, but the matter
has raised the question as to whether any
foreign country could build such a canal,

if it so desired.

The Ciayton-Bulwer treaty, which was
abrogated by the Hay-Pauncefote con-
vention of 1901, provided for the exclusive
right of Great Britain and the United States
to construct an Isthmian canal, but stipu-
lated that neither could do so without the
consent of the other. The spirit of the old
convention is supposed to be retained in
the new, thereby giving the right to the
United States ex lusively.

At the State Department it is heid that
this Government still has an option on the
Nicaraguan route and that the commence-
ment of the work in Panama is by no means
a relinquishment of the rights in Nicacagua.
In the Hay-Pauncefote treaty the United

to the trade of the world, and that British
ships should enjoy all the privileges granted
American vessels. The preambie of the
convention contained the opinion of Great
| Britain that the United States should con-
struct the canal. By virtue of this it is
argued that, by implication at least, Great
Britain agreed to depend solely on the canal
to be built by the United States,

 

NEW PARK SUPERINTENDENT.

Neilson Removed and John Hl. Beatty Put
‘ in His Place.

John Neilson, who was Superintendent of
Parks for Manhattan and ‘The Bronx and
who in that capacity had some of the rocks
on the Ramble painted white, besides, it
is alleged, allowing the water supply appa-
| patusofthepark cottages and fountains to

fall into disrepair, was removed yesterday

by Samuel Parsons, Jr., the new president
| of the park board.

| Mr. Parsons had notified Neilson last
| week that his resignation would be ae-
| cepted. At noon yesterday Neilson had

not resigned and Mr. Parsons instructed
his secretary to promulgate an order re-
moving him, .

John H. Beatty was appointed to sue-
ceed Neilson. Mr. Parsons would make no
| comment on the discharge of Neilson.

 

 

 

| Don't scowl. ‘Tisn't becoming. Have your eye

giasses Ltted by Spencer, 12 Maiden Lane, N, Y¥,
eer { Ade sat

bill |

CLAIM ISLE OF PINES FOR U. §

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 15, !995.

Fair and warmer to-day; fair to-morrow.

 

 

260 American Residents There Secede
From Cuban Control.
Special Cable Despatch to Tar Sux.

HAVANA, Noy, 14,-“Two hundred and
sixty American residents of tho Isle of
Pines have seceded from Cuban control,
They held a meeting, elected their own
officers and declared that the island was ter-
ritory of the United States.

They will send a delegate to Washington
to inform the Government of their action.

CUBAN UPRISING UNLIKELY.

 

Paima Sneered at for Increasing the Guard
at the Palace.

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Havana, Nov. 14.—The Lucha criticises
the reports that are being circulated re-
garding a revolution, and says that they
are due to officials, It adds that it is time
for the needless alarms to cease, The
Government fears a revolution such as oc-
curred under the Spanish régime, but there
never was then alarm in the palace, It is
laughable for the head of a free State to
fear that he is an objeet of attack, The
guard at the palace has been increased from
ten to seventeen men,

One explanation of the rumors is that
they are due to speculators in stocks, ‘The
leading liberals say they know nothing of

Wainwright participated in the Odeil Hearst | any projected rising, and declare that the

reports are invented by officials.

VOTILATED PRISONER ESCAPES.

Eagiishman Whose Ear Was Cut Off by
Macedonian Brigands Now In Safety.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.
SaLoNnica, Nov. 14.—-Wills, the English
employee of the Turkish tobacco régie
who was captured by vrigands in July at
Monastir, lias escaped and reached Reina

safely

last month the British consulate at
Monastir received a letter accompanied
by a packet containing a human ear, which

stated that the ear had Leen cut from Wills's +

head, and that he would be killed unl*ss a
ransom of $39,000 was paid to the brigands

 

NEW LIFE IN CHINESE BOYCOTT.

Singapore Merchants Handling American
Gootts Are Threatened.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 14.—The  boyeott
of Amerean goods has sprung up again
in Singapore in a more serious form than

ever before. Desratehes received at the
State Department sey that the situation
there is critical. Chinese merchants who

have persisted in handling American prod- |
letters |

nets have received threatening

fromthe men behind the movement.
The recourse of this Government in the
matter is a matter of great doubt. The

movement being in Singapore, no appeal
can be made to the Chinese Government
to suppress it, and it is doubtful if the
British Government can do anything what-
ever in the matter,

CURZON MAY VISIT CHICAGO.

Joe Leiter Says Vieeroy and Wife Are |

Coming to Amertea,
Ciutcaao, Nov, 14.—According to a state-

nent made by Joseph Leiter to-day, Lord |

' and Lady Curzon are to visit this city within

Anyway, it was |

 

ashort time. Leiter, who is Lady Curzon's
brother, returned to-day from New York,
where he had gone to meet his mother.

TRAIN KILLS TWO BOYS.

Youngsters Beturntug From School Are
Run Down at Jamatea,

Kingston Blauvelt, 6 years old, of 119 |
Dewey street, and Abraham Diamond, 4 |
years old, of George street, Jamaica, were |

struck by a Long Island Railroad train
at the Brenton avenue crossing in Jamaica
yesterday afternoon. Both were taken

to the Jamaica hospital, where they died |

within a few hours.

The engine which struck them was
slowing up to stop at the Jamaica station
when the accident happened. The young-
who were returning from school,
tried to cross in front of the train, which
ran over one of them, cutting off both of his
legs. The other boy's skull was fractured,

sters,

CHINESE WHIP WOMEN CONVERTS

Feeling Agatnost Vilssfonaries and Native

Christians Growing.

Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN

Honakona, Nov. 14.—The feeling among
the Chinese against the missionaries
growing. Following tha massacre of tho
Americans at Lienchau comes news that
women converts attached to the American
Baptist mission at Tseungchau have been

beaten, receiving 2,000 strokes.

TONS OF GE WOODS REPORTS

is

 

Sold by the Governnent to Be Made Into |

Plain Paper.
WASHINGTON, Nov, 14.—Three carloads
of papers, documents, maps, parchments

'and records embracing a part of the re-

States agreed that the canal should be open |

} plans

|

port of Major-Gen, Leonard Wood, formerly
Governor General of Cuba, and relating to
the American occupation of that island,
have just been shipped by a loc@] junk

dealer to mills in New Jersey, where the |

mss will be ground into pulp and manu-
factured into plain paper.
From June 14, 1908, to November 1 of this

year Gen, Woad's reports, weighing twenty |

tons and packed in 295 boxes, were stored
in a local warehouse,
on Gen, Wood's literary effusions amounted
to $50 a month, The Government sold the
stuff for $400 to a junk dealer.

Gen, Wood seemed to run to maps and
They were prepared for all sorts
of proposed public works, such as sewers,
street gutters and the like, The complete
report of Goy.-Gen, Wood was never
printed. The volumes that were given to
the world were thiek and bulky.

The Government was at a loss what to
do with this vast pile of written matter.
As it was part of the official archives of the
Var Department, there was hesitation
about destroying or otherwise disposing
of it, but the storage bill finally amounted
to such a considerable sum that
determined to abandon precedent and sell

the stuff as waste paper.
'

Mr. derome Back at Work.

District Attorney Jerome returned from
Lakeville vesterday afternoon. He said
that he had so much personal correspon-
dence to look after and so much work to do
in his offiee that he couldn't take time for
any more rest,

 

 

 

18 HOURS TO CHICAGO,
PENNSYLVANIA SPECIAL
Leaves New York at 3:55 P. M.. arrives Chicago at
8:55 A. M., leaves Chicage 245 P.M., arrives New
York 95 A. M., via Pennsyivania Raliroad, New
equipment, Special features.
less foadbed.—Ade, \

  

 

The storage charge |

it was |

Rock ballast, dust- |

PRICK. TWO. CENTS.

 

   
     

SANDBAGGED
BY GOV. ODELL.

Mercantile Trust Co. Gave Up
$75,000 on Throat of
Losing Charter.

HYDE MAKES OATH TO IT.

Says That Harriman Knlfed Him
—Hughes May Call Odell.

 

Witness Saya the Rallroad Man Attacked

Him in the Erick Repert in Order to
Control of the Stock —Frieck
et al. Promised to Help Him Get the
Actbassadership—Wanted to
He Says--Harriman,
Settlement of the
Odell Hyde Hitter When He
Tells 850,000,001 Pool—Thinks
Nchiff's Deafness May Have Prevented
His of Part.

Secure

French
Be iid of Ulm,
Advised the

Too,
sult

of

Knowing Equitable's

| Testifying before the Armstrong com-
' mittee yesterday, James Hazen Hyde prao-
| tically charged ex-Governor Benjamin B,
| Odell with having sandbagged the Mercan-
(tile Trust Company into paying $75,000 in
settlement of Odell's private suit against
the trust company to recover what he had
lost by buying United States Shipbuilding
bonds.

The settlement was accomplished by a
threat to have the Legislature take away
the Mercantile’s charter. E. H. Harriman,
Odell’s friend, advised the payment of the
money, Mr. Hyde said.

{ Mr. Hyde testified further that Edward
| H.Harriman had used the Equitable's money
in the notorious $50,000,000 Union Pacifio
blind pool for the purpose of facilitating his
control of that road, and that Harriman,
! together with Henry C. Frick, conspired
| by means of the report of the Equitable’s
self-investigating committee to obtain con-
| trol of the Hyde majority stock in the Equi-
| table.

| Mr. Hyde also testified that the Equitable
| contributed $50,000 to the Republican na-
Ee committee in the last campaign—
|

$25,000 through the solicitation of Mr, Frick
—and that Mr. Frick, Mr. Harriman, Jacob
| Hl. Schiff, Senator Depew and others used
their influence to have Mr. Hyde appointed
Ambassador to France.

It was late in the afternoon that Mr.
Hyde testified in regard to the settlement
of the Odell shipbuilding suit. Up to that
time Mr. Hyde had been very candid with
the committee, but the extreme frankness
with which he met all questions about
Harriman and Odell added a climax to the
lay's testimony which made a distinetly
favorable impression for the witness, both
on the eommiitee and on the audience
which crowded the eouncil chamber

“Had you,” Mr. Hughés, “any

interview with any director of the Equi-
table in regard to the settiement of a suit
Odell against the Mer-
cantile Trust Company?”
' “Yes, sir,” answered Mr. Hyde, “with
| Mr. Harriman, but not in his Bencity asa
director the Equitable, because the
Kquitable had nothing to do with it. He
consulted with me a= a director of the Mer-
| cantile Trust Company.”

Mr. Hyde added that the payment for the
| settlement was tmnade solely out of the funds
/of the Mercantile Trist Company on the
advice of the company’s counsel, Bainbridge
Colby. Mr, Hyde said that he knew of no
effort having been made by any one con-
nected with the Equitable Life Assurance
Society or any one else to have the pay-
ment made by the life assurance company

 

asked

brought by Cov

ot

THE THREAT AGAINST THE MERCANTILE.
| “Did Mr. Harriman eversuggest that the
claim should be settled?” Mr, Hughes asked

“Yes, sir,” Mr. Hyde replied, “he sug-
gested to me that there was a great deal of
rumor in the newspapers that an effort
| would be made to repeal the charter of the

Mercantile Trust Company, and as the

Equitable Life has a large interest in the’

charter, and as that charter is very valu-
' able, that had a great deal to do with what
was considered the advisability of making
that settlement.”

Mr. Hughes asked the witness to explain
what he meant by the repeal of the charter
of the Mercantile Trust Company. Mr.
| Hyde replied that he meant exactly what
he said:

Q. I don't quite understand; can you elab-
‘orate that? What was said to you by Mr.
| Harriman as to anything that could be done
to repeal the charter of the Mercantile Trust
Company? A. Lsuppose he feared retaliatory
measures on the part of that powerful gentle-

man.

Q. Why did he fear retaliatory measures?
A. He seemed to think so.

Q. In what form was that suggestion made?

A. In just that naked form,
| Q, That there was danger that the charter
of the Mercantile Trust Cotnpany would be
| repealed? A, Yes, sir.
! Mr. Hughes wanted to know whether
any steps had actually been taken looking
toward the revocation of the Mercantile’s
charter. Mr. Hyde said that he did not
of his own knowledge know of any.

After Mr. Harriman had suggested the
settlement with Odell and the Mercantile
Trust Company's counsel had advised it,
Mr. Hyde said that the members of the
company's executive committee recom-
mended the payment. He, as an officer
of the company, knew of it and did not
oppose it, but he declared that he did
not originate it or direct it.

ODFLL WAS PAID FOR HIS BONDS, TOO.

Mr. Hyde said that the $75,000 did not
represent the entire return to Mr. Odell
‘on bis claim; that this amount was paid
to Odell over and above the bonds which
he had underwritten.

Mr. Hyde did not know what wae the

fn ene eee eres rhe pn peerage ten

-

 

1 pr tei ee te cata et ete

Snr aetti op mammals ds os

Sania sanentoameninmmerane taeda

ness

 

Lt Spee IE AA ST FA ote Age 9 oe wre tine et BM nt

™
a

es ar nna ren

Ft.

paar ee Rags ie