VOL, LXXIV.—NO, .360.

WOMAN DISAPPEARS IN WOODS

HUNDREDS HUNT FOR BROOKLYN
TEACHER NEAR DOVER, N. J.

 

   

 

 

Miss Agnes Maguire's Cousin Left Ber fora
Few Minutes in a Buggy While a Thun
derstorm Raged and Returned to Find
Mer Gone—No Trace of Mer Course.

Miss Agnes Maguire, formerly a teacher in
Public School 58, Brooklyn, and her cousin,
Charles Maguire of Dover, N. J., were riding
in a buggy along the shore of Lake Hopat-
oong Saturday evening when they were over-
taken by a violent thunderstorm. They
hurried to a cottage known as Camp Look
Who's Here and the young man left his
cousin alone behind the storm flapa of the
buggy while he hastened into the cottage
to getasuitcase. When he returned, within
five minutes, Mias Maguire was not in
the buggy. For thirty hours a hundred
campers along the shores of the lake have
searched for her and not a trace of the
missing woman have they found

The woman gave up her school
in Brooklyn last February because she
was near a breakdown.
still weak when she went down to visit
her uncle, Bernard Maguire, in Dover on
Thursday last. Charles Maguire had left
@ suitcase at a eottage at the camp, where
le had stayed recently, and asked his
cousin to drive with him to get it.
were well on their way when the storm
came upon them suddenly. Miss Maguire
was terrified by the flashes of lightning.

Charles began to lash his horse when the
@ret heavy drops came down. As the storm
increased he urged the beast to its utmost.
Stopping near the cottage at the camp
he promised his cousin that he would not
be out of the buggy five minutes, and after
he hitched the horse to a tree on the road
above the summer oottage he tucked the
«term curtains about the white, anxious
face of the women.

Maguire dashed down @ little hill into the
cottage, found his suit case and scrambled
back up the rise through the trees. The
rain was coming down in torrents and the
vivid lightning played close to the tops of
the trees. Maguire pulled back the cur-
tains to step into the buggy. The woman
was gone.

In lulls between the rumblings of thunder
Maguire called aloud to his cousin. No
answer came. He rap back to the cottage
camp, believing that the woman might have
grown more terrified at being left alone
in the storm and tried to make her way
there. No one had seen her. The young
man, thoroughly terrified,
“camp and men in raincoats began beating
through the trees about the spot where the
hitched. They called
the noise of the

at Who's Here,
out in a boat with a flare torch and dived
deep water along the
of the cottage.

When morning came yesterday word was
carried all about the lake that a woman
had slipped from sight, and the band of
searchers was by recruits from
every quarter. Bernard Maguire, the uncle
of missing woman, came out from
Dover and directed the efforts of the men
and women. Mrs. Maguire, a
of Agnes Maguire, came out to ‘@ too.
She frantically implored the searchers to
find her daughter and she joined the bands
of people that apread out fanwise over the
surrounding country.

As the efforts of the search parties be-
came better organized all
fields in a radius of

z

he met two colored men near the Sunny-
side Hotel, about two miles from Nolan's
Point, who said that earlier in the morn-
ing, they believed it must have been about
«7 o'clock, a young woman met them on
the road near that place and asked them
if they could direct her to a plage where
she could stay They told her of the Sunny-

side Hotel and thought nothing more of |

the ine’dent until ‘ater when they heard
of the search that was being made. Last

negroes and learn more definite particulars
about their meeting with the woman.

Alorg toward midnight the searchers
found one of the negroes. He could throw
no light on the mystery of Mise Maguire's
taking off, for he eaid that the woman he
met was dressed in black. Miss Maguire
wore a gray silk jumper suit and white
waist when she went on the ride with her
cousin

Only one point was overlooked by the
searchers yesterday. Near Hurdtown, a
few miles north of the lake on the road to
Woodport, there are several abandoned
shafts of old iron mines that are unpro-
tected by barriers and overgrown with
underbrush.
passed these pits several times no one was
lowered into them. There is a remote
chance that Miss Maguire may have wap-
dered through the woods in the storm and
fallen into one of these shafts.

\ baffling feature of the search was that
not a shred of Mies Maguire's dress, torn

 
 

|
|

|

' mental derangement thr

Her nerves were |

They |

|
!
!

 

 

 

 

mo print of a woman's shoe beneath the
buggy step. The first hurried and unor-
ganived search of the men from the camp
may have blotted out ion left ‘n the
muok of the road. The beat of the sheets
of rain possibly washed them level w th the
plane of mud.

John Maguire, the father of the missing
woman, who lives 1¢ 27 Secona place, Brook-
lyn, and who is 2 tea merchant in business
at 209 Columbia street in that borough,
had gone down to the home of his brother,
Bernard Maguire, at Marysville, on the
outskirts of Dover, with his wife and daugh-
ter on Thureaday. He left for Brooklyn on
Saturday morning. Late Saturday night
when the disappearence of Miss Maguire
was reported to Bernard Maguire a message
was sent to the Maguire home in Brooklyn,
saying that Agnes was very ill and that
her father should come back to Dover im-
mediately. When the father arrived at
Dover at 6 o'clock last night and learned
the real cause of his summons his grief was
intense. Mre. Maguire and her niece Lucy

! took the first train back to Brooklyn, where
| Jessie, another caughter, was alone and in

suspense.

From a remark which the father of the
miasing woman let drop it would appear
that the family believed that their daughter
might have been ourorigs from temporary

ugh fright brought
on by the storm. ,
»“He ought not to have left Agnes alone
in the storm in her present condition,”
said Mr. Maguire, in comment upon his
nephew Charles’s action. Miss Maguire's
relatives in Dover say that the woman had
been suffering from severe nervous strain
for some time past and that was the reason
for her visit with them

All last night the search through the
country about Hopatcong continued. To-
day it is planned to ask Hudeo: Maxim,
who has a country place on the lake, to
order men on his place to explode dyna-
mite about the shores near Nolan's Point.
Belief seems to lean to the theory that the
young woman became confused in the
blinding rain and fell in the lake. There

| is no idea that her disappearance was due

|
|

i a a =

 

|

Though the search parties |

iy the briars, or a footstep in the mud !

could he found to indicate what path she
had taken in the dark. The buggy wheels
had left a rut in the road where Char'es
Maguire had tied the horse when he went
down to the camp cottage. But there was

Mi ce ET, ae

   

 

to kidnappers or ruffians on the road.

 

FOREST FIRE DANGER ENDS,

Heavy Rains in the Adirendacks a Welcome
Relief to All Dwellers There.

Oup Force, N. Y., Aug. 25.—The rain
that had long been hoped for fell in tor-
rents in this region to-day and all fears
of forest fires of a serious nature have
passedaway. Likewise the farmers, woods-
men, teamsters and visitors are rejoicing
over the breaking of the long drought.
The heavy dust on the roads has been
settied and grain and grass will have a
chance to grow again.

Many of the reports concerning the
magnitude of the forest fires in the Adiron-

|
|

'

+NEW

  
 

   

 

ee ee ye ee

YORK. MONDAY, AUG
RAID ON THE KILL YAN KULL

THE CRUISER DALZELLINE TRAPS
G3 MOTOR BOATS.

  

       

   

 

Finds Most of Them Violating the Law, bat
Lets the Offenders Go With Advice and
Warnings A Few Run the Blockade
—heagoing Jersey tics Taken by Surprise

The customs cruiser Dalzelline abandoned
yesterday the pursuit of deep sea law
violators and the whale fishery and went
sleuthing in the shallows of the Kill van
Kull, which helps to make the Borough of
Richmond an island.

The Kill vam Kull is a strait through

which all Newark and a large part of upper ;

New Jersey owning floating things steams,
gasolenes or sails to get into the open,
Hundreds of power boats weave their
frothy autographs, with double and single
propellers, from Elizabethport, Newark,
Rahway, Bayonne and amaller towns on
tributaries of the Kill van Kull, Staten
Island Sound, the Arthur Kills and Newark
Bay into the upper bay and thence through
the Narrows tothe fishing grounds or the
show places on the ocean side of this city.

Gen. James 8S. Clarkson, Surveyor of
the Port; Vice-Admiral Matt Coneys, and
other talent of the cruising service, sitting
as a board of strategy, decided last week
to surprisé the power boat law violators
hailing from New Jersey porte. Vice-

Admiral Coneys advocated the simple plan |

of blockading the Kill van Kull in the neigh-
borhood of Port Richmond, opposite Ba-
yonne.

The result was that sixty-three motor
boats were held up. Nearly 90 per cent.
of these were not properly equipped, not

| equipped at all, or were without licenses.

Some tried to run the blockade, refusing
to heed the warning blasts of the cruiser
to stop. Most of these were overhauled
and lectured. A few got away.

At one time five boats, summoned by
whistle and megaphone, were alongside
the Dalzelline, and the protests, explana-
tions and remarks, sometimes inspired
by something drawn from the wood, of
the skippers, crews and passengers tangled
the log of acting Deputy Surveyor Smythe,
who did the literary work of the expedi-
tion, assisted by Col, Lovell Jerome.

Every boat that halted got a copy of the
“laws and regulations” in regard to power
craft, which some of the skippers had
heard of and none had ever read. The
substance of ‘Admiral Clarkson's talk to
the power boat folk was, “Now, as you

dacks recently were greatly exaggerated, | know the law, see that you do not violate it.”

according to Fire Warden W. H. King of
Malone, who talked with a SuN reporter
here. Telephone and telegraph messages
to Gov. Hughes and forest officials at Al-
bany have been to the effect that the whole

The experts on the cruiser never had
supposed that the Kill van Kull was so
crowded a gateway to the bay and sea
and that ao many Jersey fishing and nauti-
cal associations were in existence as they

North Woods was being devastated. So | ran across yesterday. Vice-Admiral Coneys

alarming were these reporta that Gov.
Hughes got into communication with the
forest officials and the latter have been
busy ever since.

“Up to date,” said Mr. King, “there has

|

said there doubtless was a lot of money
in motor boat manufacturing, judgitt
from the fleet he held ap and that w
he saw in the distance

The Galena, a 20 foot power boat of Bath

not been a forest fire in this section df the | Beach, which had been cruising in Jersey

Adirondacks that could not be extinguished
by a two hours rain, and it need not be a
hard one at that.”

The most serious fire was that of the
Gould property on Red River, eleven miles
from Sixth Lake. It was being successfully
fought when the rain put it out. Fire
Warden James and a force of fifty men
have been at work on the Gould estate.
The fire in the Red River was perhaps a
mile long and half a mile wide. Other fires
have been of minor importance although
numerous.

SEA UPSETS DEEP SEA EXPERT,

German Submariaist Hits La Touraine's
Deck —A Wireless Promise.

The French liner La Touraine, in from
Havre, ran into heavy weather on Tuesday
and rolled heavily, upsetting several cabin
passengers, including Harry Stenffteben,
a German expert on submarine mines,
who carne ashore yesterday with his right
eye in mourning. He had been thrown
on his face on the deck.

Other passengers by La Tourainve
were Richard A. Farrelly, M. A. Vivien,
chief engineer of the Marconi wireless sys-
tem; Chandler Robbins, Mr. and Mrs. H. ©.
Davis, Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Taylor, P M.
Manes and Mr. and Mrs. Proctor Thompson.

Mr. Vivien said the French Line was to be
equipped with powerful wireless apparatus
that would keep the big ships of the fleet
constantly in touch with either the American
or European coast.

Mr. Vivien declared that the wireless
system between Cape Breton and the Eng-
ligh coast would be ready to compete with
the cable service within a month. Mar-
coni himself is at Cape Breton superin-
tending the job.

Mr. Stenffteber wouldn't talk about
the object of his visit here. It was said
by other passengers that he had been em-
ployed for some time by the French Gov-
ernment and that he wants to persuade
Uncle Sam's naval experts to take stock
in his peculiar kind of submarine mines.

 

 

WELLMAN FAILS TO START.

Petar Balloon Sti Moored at Camp on
Virgo Bay on August 23.
Spectat Cable Despatch (o THE SUN

Lonpoy, Aug. 26.—The Hammerfest cor-
respondent of the Daily Mail says that
Walter Wellman did not étart from his
camp at Spitzbergen for the North Pole
in bis airship on August 23 as he hoped
to do. The last two tourist steamers of
the year arrived at the camp at Virgo Bay
on August 20. They saw the balloon high
in the air, confined by anchor ropen.

Mr. Wellman said he was not able to gtart
as the breeze was wrong. He could not
startin a southeast wind. The tourists
hanqueted Mr. Wellman and his companions.
Mr. Wellman said to them: “If I am lucky
you will hear from me and the North Pole
ina week. Iflam leas lucky ina fortnight.
If you do not hear from me in three weeks
you will never hear from me.”

The steamers left twenty-four hours
later. It was then remarked that the bal-
loon seemed gradually being deflated.
They passed Virgo Bay for the last time
on August 23, and no start had then been

 

 

 

waters, didn't have a single life preserver
aboard. She carried seventeen persons.
Her owner was told, although he deciared
that his passengers were merely his friends
and had paid nothing for the trip, that he
must get life preservers.

Some of the boats boarded had no names
and others had the names painted in the
same color as that of the boat so they
were undecipherable except close by.

The Lizzie B. of Elizabethport, N. J.,
had no lights, no life preservers and no
license, and her skipper was deaf and dumb.
His mate promised to report at the Custom
House and do anything that might be re-
quired of him. Towing any one of the
motor craft to New York was out of the
question, as in the absence of the cruiser
scores would have got away. All that
could be done to the Lizzie B. was to give
her advice and a copy of the regulations.

The Bay Side of Bayonne grounded in
her effort to elude thecruiser. Her skipper
was somewhat incoherent. In reaponse
to the question “How long is your boat?”
he said, “Five feet eight inches.” He
thought Vice-Admiral Coneys was talking
about height.

A boat called The Yap of Rahway
fulfilled the regulations; alao, ahe bed

aboard a bevy of handsome young women |

who persuaded Col. Jerome and Vice-Ad-
miral Coneys to pose for their photogr: ;
Thomas C Perkins of Port Richmond
had a brand new swift boat without a name.
He said he didn’t know anything about the
law in regard to motor boats, but was
willing to do whatever was right. He had
selected a mame and would have it painted
all over the boat if necessary. It was that
of his best girl,Anna Maria. He declined,
although urged to do so, to tell her aur-
name.
The Caprice of this city was haughty.
She ie owned by Frank F. Collyer. Her
skipper kept right on and on when the
Dalzelline tooted. After a chase of two
miles the Caprice was overhauled. She
said she was not a passenger craft, but she
had no name on her stern and no life pre-
servers, although there were six persons
aboard her.

 

TWO KILLED IN AUTO WRECK,

 

W. Waldo Merrill of Bostoo and His Chaaf- |

feur Victims of Overtarned Cer.
NARKAGANBETT Pier, Aug. 25.—W. Waldo
Merrill, a banker of Boston and a member
of the Boston Stock Exchange, and Eric
Sandstrom, chauffeur, were instantly killed
to-day in a motor wreck at South Ferry,
about five miles north of Narragansett Pier.
{n the machine, a touring car, were
Frederick L. Milliken, owner of the auto-

' mobile, a member of the brokerage firm of

Cory & Milliken of Boston, and Mrs.
Milliken. Both were thrown from the
machine and hed a narrow escape from
death. “Mrs. Merril), wife of the man who

| wae killed, wus caught under the car, She

sustained internal injuries. Miss Rita
Milliken escaped with a broken wrist. The

, injured people were taken to a Newport

hospital. The dead were taken to an un-

, dertaking establishment at Wakefield. Dr.

made although the weather was calm and |

bright. The passengers doubt if Mr. Well-
man will or can start this year.

 

REDUCED PARES_
TO CALIFORNIA AN! PACIFIC. NORTHWEST,
842.00 via New \ork Conwal, 650.00 via V est
Shore, August 81 to October 90. Warticulars of
agents.— Adv.

James E. Sullivan of Providence was
motoring on the Saunderstown road when
the wreck happened and went to the aid
of the syrvivors.

It is anid the car was making forty-five
miles an hour down a hill. A sharp turn

in the road is supposed to have caused
the machine to turt: over. /

 

 

from Vesb. st.
or 1.45, dee stmbt. and eac, cols,

' nsurpassed fay Line Outi
8:40, 9:
Aue,

.
**

i ‘ 2 die , iol

 

    

 

  

re

UST

 

 

ERRORIST TRIA
kee Witnesses Arrogant; ©

 

| Pol
to Compel Them to Answer Questions.
Spectat Cattle Despatch to Ta BUN.

Sr. Perenspuno, Aug. 25.—The court-
| martial trying the eighteen persons ac-
| cused of conspiring against the life of the

Czar was continued to-day in the Nioska
| street prison. in which are the quarters of
| Col. Guerassimov, chief of the secret police
| of the capital, who refused to attend the
' court at its usual place of pitting, declaring
| that he had sore feet.
| He entered the hall leaning on a stick
{ and took his place opposite the prosecutor.
| He ostentatiously turned his back on the
| acoused and their counsel, and behaved

with such arrogance that M. Maklakoff, a

famous advocate and politician, left the
| hall in disgust.

Col. Spiridovitch, chief of the secret
police, was one of the witnesses for the
prosecution He denied the gtatement of
Nikitenko, one of the prisoners, that he
acted independently, without the instiga-
tion or knowledge of any political y-
In the Duma, he eaid, Shilaki a
Revolutionary Deputy, declared in the name
o? his party that it had no connection with
the conspiracy.

Col. Guerassimov supported Col. Spirid-
‘ ovitch's statements, saying that at a con-

ference of the Social Revolutionary party

in Finland Deputy Shilski was blamed
| for making the above statement in the

Duma. When asked how he could prove
| that he knew this Col. Guerassimov an-
| gwered: “That is our secret.”
| Counsel for the defence appealed to the
| chairman to compel Col. Guerassimov
| to answer their questions, but the chair-
manrefused Even if the defence succeeds
{ it is doubtful if the court will acquiesce.

The feeling among the counsel for the

prisoners is steadily growing that the whole

trial is a farce and tht the result is a fore-
gone conclusion.

 

!
| Es 4NS SET THE SAILING DATE.

| Hrownson and Newberry Said to Have Fa-

: \ored Kariler Start for Pacific.

| Norrouik, Aug. 25.—The North Atlantic
fleet almost in its entirety ia at anchor in

Hampton Roads between Old Point Com-

 

26, 1907.——Copurirt, 1007. by The Sun Printing and Pubiishing Association.

 

|

 

2 4 ance. /41 DAYS IN AN ALPINE CAYE

STARVING WOMAN COULD HEAR
CHURCH BELLS.
Mme, Schopfer Fell Into Kéving Tomb on |
August | —(uides Searched for Her in j
Vain—Ate Mose and Her Shoes; Dreamed
of Bread Mind May Be impaired.

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

© Geneva, Aug. 25.—The Swiss lady who
was lost in the Alps near Loeche-les-Bains
for twenty days, as told in yesterday's
despatches to Tax Sun, is Mme. Schopfer.
She recovered her senses yesterday and
was able to tell the doctor a story of the
terrible ordeal through which she passed.

Her dootor believes that it will take a long
time for her mind to recover, if it ever does
completely, though there is every likelihood
of her physical recovery. Her survival the
doctor describes as the greatest miracle |
he ever saw or heard of.

To the doctor she told how on the morn-
ing of August 1 she walked along the bank
of the River Dala, intending to return to her
hotel for lunch. Fascinated by the scenery,
she penetrated further up the gorge and
lost her way. She added:

“While retracing my steps I fell, I don’t
know how many feet, into a cave. 1 was
horrified to find that owing to the steep
and slippery stone sides I was unable to
climb out. |

“I shouted all that day and night for help

until my voice was so hoarse that I was
unable to shout. I ate my lgst two pieces
of chocolate, and continually drank water |
which trickled through the rocks. '
“Another day came and went, and yet
another. I forget how many because |!
must have become delirious. The village j
church, the top of the steeple of which |
I could see from my living tomb, seemed
my only hope. I prayed daily to the
steeple’s cross for deliverance. ;
“On Sundays especially I suffered terrible

fort and the Jamestown Exposition grounds. } mental torture when I heard the bells

' Fifteen heavy battleships, all of the fleet

| gave one, the Alabama, and several cruisers

| and auxiliaries are there.

| It may be accepted that the fleet will sail

| for the Pacific on December 15. That is
the date set for the sailing by Rear Admiral

Robley D. Evans. commander in chief, and | air before my eyes.

it is thought that he will have his way.
Rear Adfhiral Bronson and Assistant
Secretary of the Navy Newberry, it is

|

pealing and the choir singing practically
within a stone's throw, while I lay dying
by inches. ‘

“I cannot describe my hunger. Often
I dreamed of bread and biscuits, which
sometimes seemed to be dancing in the
I ate grass, moss and
my leather shes. Gradually I became a
skeleton, and my clothes fell from me.

“I had plenty of money in my purse

   

ee ee

r

WOMAN DROWNS FROM A LAUNCH.

 

Business College Teacher Tells Police of
the Lows of His Wife.

David Andrade,*a teacher in Browne's
Business College, at 246 Fulton street,
Brooklyn, reported to the Sheepshead
Bay police yesterday that his wife, Nora,
had been drowned the night before off
Rockaway Point by the overturning of a
naphtha launch.

Andrade said that early in the evening
Mrs. Andrade with Mr. and Mrs. Ryan,

Fair to-day:

her friends, boarded the launch Lee at Rook-,

away Point, where the Ryans and Andrades
have been camping. The boat struck an
obstruction a short distance out and cap-
sized. Ryan shouted to the women to hang
to the gunwale. Mrs. Ryan succeeded
in doing this, but the other woman sank.

Cries from those in the water attracted
the attention of Thomas Polaski of Em-
mons street and Ocean avenue Sheepshead
Bay, who went to the rescue in a small
boat. After the man and his wife had been
got aboard the launch was towed ashore.

A police boat was manned, ahd directed
by Andrade, yesterday the water was
dragged, but up to a late hour last night
the body had not been found.

 

NELSON MORRIS VERY ILL,

Pioneer Stockyards Man Suffering From
Kitiney and Heart Disease.

CuIcaGo, Aug, 25.—Nelson Morris, the

pioneer stockyards man, who has been

 

slightly better. For five days Mr. Morris's
condition has been critical. He is suffer-
ing from heart and kidney complaints,
brought -on by close attention to business.

“Although Mr. Morris's condition is still |

critical he is better then he was yesterday .”
said Dr. Arthur R. Edwards, his physician,
to-night. “There is a chance for his re -
covery. but I cannot say it is very great.”

12 KILLED; 31 INJURED.

Paris Express From Bordeaux Runs into
Freight Train With Terrible Crash.
Special Cable Despatch to ‘Tax Sun.

Paris, Aug. 25.—So0o0n after leaving
Bordeaux on Saturday night the Paris ex-
press when nearing Contras ran with a
terrible impact into a goods train Twelve
persons were killed and thirty-one injured.

 

PRINCE ENDS NEWPORT VISIT.
Attends Service at Swedish Church and Re-

 

}

|
|

|
!
|

Mowpat, Avowst 2, 1907. me

increasing cloudiness to- :

morrow; light westerly winds. i

PRICE TWO CENTS. |

PACKERS REJECT PEACE PLAN

 

STRIKERS’ COMMITTEE

; At

BUFFED IN OFFER TO SETTLE. —

 

Complaint by Employers Abeut Police Prev

tection, With a Story of a Politi) —

drivers waited upon George Noyes,
for the employers association, last night
about 8 o'clock, submitting an offer for a
settlement of the strike. Mr. Noyes re
fused to conduct negotiations with
men. The strikers’ committee then
turned to a meeting at Forty-fifth

m

and Third avenue to report. A debate ™

followed and it was promised that ap igny
portant statement would follow the meg
ing. At a late hour this showed no aign of :
finishing. 5

The meat packers held a meeting at the |

a

oe

Hotel Belmont yesterday afternoon, Ale 7)
though no formal statement was made |

after the meeting, it bagame known that the
fight with the teamaters will be fought eves
more strenuously than it was last week. ’

“The meat will be delivered under polles |

protection, as it was on Saturday,” Georgp

W. Morgan, counsel for the packers, said, ~
Mr. Morgan added that the packers now have | |
more men than they need and that absee
lutely no dealings with the union will be ©
ill for several, weeks, is reported to be had. The statement also was made that —

the political situation is interfering with |
| the conduct of the strike and that the polios =|

are not very active against the interests

with the police protection so far afforded

of the strikers. Asked if he was eatistied |i

the new driverg, Mr. Morgan hesitated per- . ;
ceptibly and then said that the packers had |

no complaint to make. He added imme-
diately that from now on “there would be
police protection,” this wit. emphasig,
Another member of the packers’ committee —
was not 60 reticent as Mr. Morgan.

“It seems absurd to say that we-ere agtis-
fied with the police protection accorded the
men,” he said. “On Saturday there were
numerous assaults made and yet there wi
not an arrest made on the East Side.

a
y

I say on the Kast Side, and thet wach te %

fined to one precinct of which the

is on vacation: io
“Here's the situat}>o as [ see it,” added —

this packer. “There is a fight on for the

~

| said, were in favor of starting the fleet | which I would willingly have exchanged

| much sooner. Rear Admiral Bronson is | for a piece of bread. On two nights rain

| credited with having said that it might aail | soaked me and on several days the heat

| immediately and Assistant Secretary New- | was so great that I was glad to wet my
berry with saying that it could go in fifteen | head and sprinkle my clothes.

ee

celves Swedish Mesidents. | district supremacy on the East Side in the ~

Newrort, Aug. 25.—Prince Wilhelm of ,P®cking district. Lantry and Hassett are |

Sweden ended his visit this afternoon and | in that fight. Our old men are for the most
left for Providence, where he will apend the |

part residents of that district and are voters 4
| there. Lantry’s brother is the police captain _~
in that district. Itseemstomethat the nea

ee

days, but Admiral Evans fixed December
| 15 a@ the earliest date at which it could sail.
Accompanying the fleet to the Pacific

two stops on the way and their crews will
| have liberty at Rio Janiero and at Callao.

BISHOP BURGESS NOT ALARMED.

Does Not Treat Seriously the Black Hand
Letter Addressed to Him.
Garpen Cirr, L. 1., Aug. 26.—Bishop
Frederick Burgess said to-day he was not
at all alarmed over the threatening Black
| Hand letter which had been sent to him.
| He is not inclined totreat the letter seriously.
| He said that it was received about two
weeks ago, but was not at once shown to him.
| His secretary, however, finally decided to
let him see it. ‘The letter had been re-
ceived by mail from Brooklyn and to the
Bishop did not appear to be serious. He
believes it to be the work of aome one who
ders the sending of such things a joke.
Since the letter was received the Bishop
going about unaccompanied as
his custom. To-day he went out
visit one of the churches in his
and took no precautions.

DIES IN HER MOURNING DRESS,

Grieving About the Death of Wer Son, Mrs.
Wiener Commits Suicide.
Mrs. Rose Wiener, wife of a real estate
dealer, put on yesterday the black gown
| which she had made to wear to the funeral
of her sop Jacob, just three months ago
and then committed suicide by inhaling
il‘uminating gas in her home at 166 Thatford
avenue, East New York
Since the death of the son Mra Wiener
| had grieved uneconsolebly, and that had
impaired her health. The son was a law
student and 22 years old. Mra Wiener was

 

L

FEE
Hi

 

; WINDOW JUMPERS ARRESTED,

| Hamilton, Ont., Man and Three Others
Locked Up at Coney Island.

Frederick H. Rutherford, who says that

he hails from Hamilton, Ontario, and is a

guest at the Hotél Astor, was arrested along

| with four friends at Coney Islend last night

| for jumping through the window of a
crowded Brooklyn elevated train. Police-
man Tighe of the Brooklyn Rapid Transit
company, a son of Magistrate Tighe, made
the arrest.

Rutherford said that he was a stranger
in town and exhi~’ "ja ticket which would
carry him back t” Vateario He said that

| it would be necessary for him to start to-
| day. He wassearched by Tighe, who handed
| over a roll of bills to Lieut. Maguire of the

 

 

| amounted to $45. Rutherford declared
| that a few minutes before his wallet con-
tained 649.
Rutherford will be arraigned in the Coney
Island police court to-day.

| HE WOULDN'T PAY HER FARE,

| Bot Girt Found (Crying in Park Row Is
| Likely to Get Back Home.

| Detective ! evote o’ F eadquarters found
; Mamie Osumske, a Polish girl, 17 years

 

 

 

old, erying on fark row near Chambers
| gtreet ‘ast night. Mamie said that she
| had gone to Coney Island with Harry Polish,
a Greek waiter, who lived in )} ewar<, and
! because she refused to stay with him in a
| otel in Manhattan last night he would
not give her money to take her back to
| her home at 91 Springfield avenue, Summit,

The detective was taking the girl down
to Headquarters when at Baxter street
| they met Polish. The Greek promptly
ve Mamie the money for her
detective arrested him
him up at Headquarters on a

of attempted abduction Mamie was
j over to the matron at the Mercer
| s‘reet station and her parenta were notifiea
After all, USHER’S the Scotce

wat made the Bighball famous,— Ade.

j
‘

|

Coney Island police station, saying that it

' may be left in warehouse for an indefinite

“My voice commence to return gradually.

I took much care of it, crying softly at in-
tervals during the day when I thought
{

 

will be twenty-eight colliers carrying | people might be passing my tomb, but in
150,000 tons of coal. The ships will make | vain.

“Slowly my strength failed until I wen |
unable to stand without placing my hands
on the rocks. Heavens, how I suffered
from hunger. Toward the end I became |
desperate. {| wanted to dash my head |
against the rock. My mind was willing, |
but my flesh was too weak. Then God sent
darkness and I remember po more.”

In the meantime her husband's friends
and guides searched in vain for her for
twenty-one days. Later a peasant walk-
ing along the bank of the River Dala heard
groaning and climbed down and rescued
Mme. Schopfer, who was insensible. He
garried her to the hospital. She recovered
her senses thirty hours later.

She was once plump, but is now without
an ounce of superfluous flesh. Her hair is
perfectly gray. What makes her survival
and recovery all the more wonderful is the
fact that for years she has not been in very
good health, She went to Woéche-les-
Bains annually for the last ten years for the
cure.

The doctor with a guide visited the tomb,
and found that up to a height of four anda
half feet every particle of the rock moss had

with Mayor Busse were Dr. W. A. |
Evans, Health Commissioner; Walter H. |
Wilson, Comptroller; Milton H. Foreman, |
chairman of the Aldermanic committee on |
local transportation; JohrA M. Glenn, sec- |
retary of the Illinois Manufacturers Agso-
ciation, and J. E. Donnelly, chairman of the |
Chicago Smoke Commission. i
The party stayed at the Holland House.
It was about noon when they arose yester-
day. Several friends called and the visitors |
were taken for a final whiak through town |
before Juncheon. Mayor Busse was orna- |
mented with a new Panama lid, which was |
encircled by a gay band. It was purchased |
in a Broadway shop and was the source of
much amusement.

disappeared.

—<———
CHICAGO'S MAYOR GOES HOME

 

Wearing a New Hat With Some Newly
Acquired Ideas Beneath it.

Mayor Frederick A. Busse of Chicago
and party, who arrived in New York Satur-
day to study the newly electrified lines of
the New York Central railroad preliminary
to advocating similar improvements on the
lake front in Chicago, left for home yester-
a over the New York'Central.

!
}

 

 

PERU STRIKES AY IMPORTERS,

 

Threat to Sell Goods Left in Warehouse
Since 19004 —Appeals to Embassies.
Spectal Cable Despatch to Tas BUN |
Lima, Peru, Aug. 25.—Contrary to the |
law, which provides that imported goods |
period, the custom house authorities at |
Callao advertise, threatening to sell at .
auction all goods warehoused prior to
March, 1004. |
A general protest is made by importers |
and others interested, who declare that |
they will appeal to the various legations
for protection.

BOELHME SAYS

 

 

HE’S DEAD,

 

His Wife, Who Got the Tip by Letter, Is Not
So Positive.

Mrs. Gertrude Boehme, who lives at 608
Fast 110th street. carried to Police Head- |
quarters last night a letter which had come |
to her by special delivery only afew hours
befere and which purported to be from her |
husband Julius. The letter warned her
that before it reached her hands her husband
would be a suicide.

The woman told the detectives that'she did |
not believe her husband intended to take his |
life and that there must be some trick The
police took a description of Julius Boehme
and sent out a general alarm for him.

 

 

night.
This morning Prince Wilhelm and his |
suite attended service at the Swedish

Methodist Ep‘ecopal Church, after which
the Prince held an informa] reception on
the lawn of the church, which was attended
by several hundred of the Swedish resi-
dents of the city.

~ “At noon the Prince-was the guest at a

farewell luncheon given by\Mr. and Mre.
Stuyvesant Fish.
Late in the afternoon the Prince and his

|
|

{

| with their captain.

 

suite boarded Senator Nelson W. Aldrich’s |

steam yacht and were taken to Warwick,
where a dinner was given by Senator
Aldrich. The party later continued on to
Providence.

The Swedish cruiser Fylgia leaves for
New York to-morrow

EXPERT SWIMMER SINKS.

Harry Beers, Who Once Won a Modal, Is
Drowned at Coney Island.

Harry Beers, 16 years old who lived with
his uncle, William Crook of 8%3 Twelfth
avenue, Brooklyn, was drowned in Pater-
son's bath yesterday at the foot of West
Tenth street, Coney Island The boy had
been swimming with Daniel Stack of 20°
Eighth avenue, Manhattan Stack's
parents were on the beach and beckoned for
him to qomein. It was the intention of the
party to lunch “about that time and Stack
shouted to Beers to come in also. Beers
replied that he would take a final turn
around A few minutes later he uttered a
shrill ery and sank. He was seen no more.

Beers was an expert swimmer and re-
cently received a medal at the free baths
for proficiency. He was employed in the
office of C. D. Halsey, a broker at 15 Broad
street, Manhattan.

 

 

 

 

VANCOUVER’S JAPANESE FIGHT,

Violent Talk at a Mass Meeting of Oriental
Exelusion League —Boycott Plans.

WrixnipeG, Aug. 25.—The Vancouver
situation with reference to the arrival of
Asiatios reached an acute stage last night,
when men at the meeting of the Oriental
Exclusion cried out; “Let us go
to the next boat which brings in Orientals
with guns in our hands and prevent them
landing.”

This cry was taken up vigorously, though
no action was taken. It was urged that a
strict boycott be established against all
lumber sawed by Orientals, all mines
worked by them and all fish that they
handled. All canneries are worked, by
these people.

YALE CHAPTER HOUSE BURNS.

The Sachem, a New Buliding, Never Occu-
dled, Badly Damaged.

New Haven, Aug. 26--The Sachem, a
Yale-Shefield senior society chapter house,
just completed and to have been oc-
cupied for the first time this fall, took
fire about 4 o'clock this morning The
building cost $40,000 and the will
amount to 326000 John T. W i
the janitor, and hie family were the only
ocoupants of the building. It is thought
that electrio wires started the blave

PLAIN NAMES FOR DRUGS,

Agricultural Department Makes an iIm-
portant Raling Helative to Medicines.
Wassinoton, Aug. 26.--The Agricultural

 

 

 

 

powders,” acetpheni

shall say on the published formula that the
preparation contains “acetanilid.” The De-
partment holds that the name “acetphenit-
idin” carries no to the ordi-

significance
| nary purchaser of ite character ,whileacetan-

ilid is well known to all. The former drug
is more commonly known as “phanacetin”

and is a derivative of acetanilid, as the De- | Taylor
partment has demonstrated by a series of the

experiments.

Under the pure food act manufacturers
will be required to state the vation of
the drug names hereafter in labelling

 

 

 

 

 

son the police made no arrests there, inspite ~
of the fact that there were several assaulte —

and even the burning of a wagon right in

front of the Hotel Belmont, lies in the fact ~

that they are standing in on Lantry’s fight

a

t is true that the cape ©

tain himself is hot at present on duty, out

there probably is a reason for that.”

Mr. Morgan refused to discues this phase
of the strike in any way. “I'm not inter-
ested in politics any more,” he gaid. “I

5

way or may not know of euch a situation, a

hut there is nothing to be said on the gube
ject, at present at all events.” ;
On Saturday the men in charge of the strike
said that they had ae card up their sleeves
for this morning which would win them
the strike, but what it was they refused
day. 7
employed in the packing houses they
not go out on a sympathetic strike, so the
strikers can hardly rely on any aasistance

from this direction bs

,
te a
According to officers of the other uni x

i

ee

A pamphlet was given out yesterday J

by the strikers accusing the packers of —
forcing the strike on the men, but those |
packers who saw the pampblet refused to
go into the matter in any way.

No wagons were moved yesterday, as
against the law The regular schedule
be in force this morning, however, and all
deliveries will be made, according to the

“3.4

a,

packers. The first wagon to go out wil ©
leave the district in Packingtown at 7o0’oloo |

and will be under police eacdrt ue

ag

AN ARREST AT A FORT. ¢

Police Pick Out a Soklier at Hamilten
the Sheoter of Jahn Napier.

4

uniform at Fort Hamilton avenue 4

Ninety-third efreet soon after

Napier was taken in a patrol wagon to
Norwegian Hospital.

Detective Darling of the Fort Hamilton

avenue police station heard the shot
saw a man running in the direction

Q

thy

5
g

 

APPOINTS LAROR

San Francisco's Naw Mayor Puts Michact
Casey at Heed of Public Werks.
Saw Francisco, Aug. 2%. F.
Duffey, president of the Board of Public

Works, resigned yesterday and
appointed Michael Casey to fil!
vacancy.

i

te

i

UNION MAN.

ve

inaterd and tho Mayor bad rodte'ghe
At recent primary Casey

break up the old Unien ons

start a reform movement, but hip Bailes