~Y Ol. LXXIV.—NO.

TYPHOON KILLS

-_—

19, °

100 AT HONGKONG

Wrecks British and French
Warships and Many
— Smaller Boats,

NO WARNING OF THE BLOW.

 

Lasts Only Two Hours but Covers
Shore and Sea Wall With
the Wreckage.

 

Loss of Life Mostly Among the Natives,
Whose Small Boats Stood No Chance ta
* the Storm—Twenty Killed on French
Warship in Collision—Several Smal!
British Torpedo Beats Damaged—Much
Property Destroyed Ashore—One Ameri-
can Steamer Ameng the Damaged.

Spectat Cable Despatch to Tam Sux,
Honaxkona, Sept. 18.—A typhoon which
struck here at 10 o’clock this morning and
lasted two hours caused incalculable
damage to property ashore as weil as to
shipping. The lower levels of the town

were flooded.

There were numerous fatalities, princi-
pally among the natives. Jt is feared that
considerably more than a hundred persons

perished.

The most striking feature of the storm
to the general observer was the amazing
manner in which the shipping was scattered.
The barometer was low, but did not indicate
astorm., Therefore no warning was lasued,
and the shipping was taken suddenly

unawares,

Steamers and sailing vessels of all sizes
were hurled ashore like driftwood. Many
junks, sampans and other small craft were
tossed into the streets, which are now
blocked by piles of wreckage.

Thousands of native boats were crowded
with pearl hunters. Hundreds of these
sank like filled bottles, numbers of their oo-
cupants vanishing with them. The whole
waterfront, docks and seawalls, is littered
with wreckage.

The British gunboat Phoenix and the
trench torpedo boat destroyer Francisque
were wrecked. The French destroyer
Fronde was damaged in a collision, in
which twenty men were killed. The French
losses include four officers.

The British river gunboats Robin, Moor-
hen, Destroyer and Taku were damaged.

The British steamships Kwongchow and
Sancheung were sunk, and the German
steamship Johannes was beached to prevent
her from sinking. The German steamship
Apemrade is in a sinking condition and the
3ritish steamship Monteagle is ashore, with
ber aternpost broken

The German steamship Signal is also
ashore. So also are the American ship
Hitchcock, the German steamsbips Petrarch
and Emma Suyken and the British steam-
ship Pathsan. The German steamship
Pring Waldemar is damaged to an un-
known extent and the British steamship
Wingchai is sunk,

Altogether six steamers, most of them
amal!, sank, and nine were wrecked, Thir-
teen were damaged. The Canadian Pacifio
steamer Empress of Japan was saved by
harbor tugs keeping her constantly in tow.

THE PORT AND THE WRECKED SHIPS.

Hongkong is an island in the China Sea;
separated from the mainland by a narrow
strait. It became a British possession in
1843, and since then haa been one of the
great seaports of the world. Its population
is 200,000, and no port on the globe has so
large an export trade. Even in point of
tonnage it ranks third.

In many respects it is a modern city.
It has excellent schools, churches, hospitals,
and other public institutions, Asa British
colony on Chinese soil it plays an impor-
tant part politically in the Eastern situation
and is a military, naval afid mercantile
headquarters for Great Britain.

Victoria is the capital, although this town
is commonly called Hongkong. It is upon
the north side of the island and built around
the curve of a wide bay.

Ships flying the flags of all nations ride
at anchor in the harbor, and large numbers
of merchantmen are constantly arriving
or clearing from the port. The year round
the bay is a busy spot.

The Johannes, which was beached, is a
German vessel that sailed from Deli, off
Java, on August 1. She was built in Germany
and registers 952 tons and is 225 feet long.

The British steamship Monteagle, which
*as driven ashore, arrived at Hongkong
on Sept. 14 from Vancouver. She was
built in Newcastle in 1890 and is 3,492 tons
net,

The Sancheung, which was sunk, was
built in Hongkong in 1902. She is owned by
a Hongkong company. Her tonnage is 880.

The Rathsan, which is ashore, was built
in Leith in 1887. She registers 1,425 tons
and is 280 feet long. She is owned jointly
in Canton and Hongkong.

The only American ship reported lost
80 far is the 8. P. Hitchcock, Capt. Zerk,
which had just arrived at Hongkong from
Manila and was preparing to sail for
Baltimore and New York. She is owned
oy I. F, Chapman & Co. of New York and
carried a crew of twenty-four men. She
was built at Bath, Me., in 1883 and is of
2,086 tons net register, 247 feet long, 20 feet
deep and 44 feet beam. i
_ The German steamer Prinz Waldemar
's owned by the North German Lloyd
Company and has been employed in the
Bremen-China trade. She had just called
at Hongkong from Kobe on her way to
Bremen. She was built at Bremerhaven
in 1903 and has a net tonnage of 1,737. Her
dimensions are 328.1 long, 41.9 beam, 24.4
deep.

Tbe British steamer Kwongchow was

+ e ae Tear

F wt

Pp ee 4 aw
: aa Pe 2 A a
, mi :
ee en ta
;

%

   
  

”

e

*
”*
oF

++NEW YORK, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBE

bam omenng nan cvs |BRIDGE FALLS WITH TRAIN,

Shanghai. She is of 507 tons net.

The British steamer Wingohai was also
built at Hongkong in 1002 and is owned
by the Sam Wang Land Improvement,
Loan and Agency Company of Hongkong.
Her net tonnage is 548,

The German steamer Apenrade has been

| trading in the China seas for a number of

years. She was built at Hamburg in 1801
and is owned by M, Jebsen of Apenrade.
She is of 611 tons net register.

The German steamer Signal is also owned
; by M. Jebsen and has been employed in the

China trade. She was built at Kiel in 1903

and has a net tonnage of 907.

The German steamer Petrarch, Capt.
Abrens, arrived at Hongkong recently
from Saigon. She was built at South
Shields in 1877 and is owned by K. Wahl,
Jr., of Koln. The Petrarch registers 1,252
tons.

The French torpedo boat destroyers
Francisque and Fronde are 184 feet long,
20.6 feet beam and were launched in 1902
and 1903 respectively.

 

 

BAILEY GETS AFTER SULLIVAN.

The Senator Declares That He Is Not Em-
ployed by the Standard Ol

WASHINGTON, Sept. 18.—Another chapter
was added to-day to the controversy
between William J. Bryan and Roger Sul-
livan, the Democratic national committees
man from Illinois, when Senator Joseph
W. Bailey of Texas arrived in Washington.
The Texas Senator was dragged into the
affair by Mr. Sullivan, who, it is alleged,
said that if he was to be read out of the
party for corporation affiliations, a like
service should be performed by Mr. Bryan
for Senator Bailey. Mr. Sullivan said
further that Senator Bailey was in the em-
ploy of the Waters-Pierce Oil Company, a
subsidiary concern of the Standard Oil
Company.

Senator Bailey said:

“If Mr. Sullivan made the statement
attributed to him he has exhibited a reck-
less disregard for the truth, which renders
him even leas fit for membership on the
Democratic national committee than any
circumstances which Mr. Bryan has yet
mentioned against him. The Standard
Oil Company has no more interest in or con-
nection with the Tennessee properties for
which I am the attorney than Mr. Sullivan
or the Czar of Russia. I am not required
to explain my professional employment
in answer to such contemptible statements
as that made by Mr. Sullivan,

“My employment in this instance, a¢
well as in other instances, was such as any
honorable lawyer is glad to accept, and my
clients are entirely satisfied with the manner
in which I have protected their interests.”

 

 

UNCLE JOE’S STUMPING TOUR.

Going te Missouri First and Then Will
Visit Close Districts in the East.

WasHINGTON, Sept. 18.~-Speaker Cannon
will start on a long spellbinding tour on
next Monday. Leaving his home at Dan-
ville, lil., his first atop will be at St. Louis.
St. Joseph and Kansas City will also be
visited while the Speaker is in that part
of the country. He will make a strong
effort to keep Missouri in the Republican
column, where it was thrown by the Roose-
velt tidal wave two years ago. He will
then skip to Omaha, Neb., where Mr. Cannon
will answer William J. Bryan's advocacy
of government ownership of railroads,
Omaha is in Mr. Bryan's Congress district.

Mr. Cannon will then visit three other
closely contested districts in Iowa, speak-
ing at Ottumwa, Burlington and Davenport.
He will reach Chicago on October 9 and
make three or four speeches there, Start-
ing East he will speak at Marion, Ohio,
and in various other small towns until
Grafton and Keyser, W. Va., are reached.
Then he will make a trip through Repre-
sentative Slemp’s district, in southwest
Virginia. In rapid succession he will next
visit Baltimore, Philadelphia, New York,
Boston, Hartford and Buffalo,

FOR MEAT TRANSPORTATION,

Secretary of Agriculture Issnes Rules
Binding on the Railroads

Wasuinaton, Sept. 18.—Secretary of
Agriculture James Wilson to-day an-
nounced the regulations governing the
interstate and foreign transportation of
meat and meat food product by the rail-
roada. The regulations provide that no
carrier shall receive for transportation any
meat or meat food product until a certifi-
cate ia made showing that such meat or
meat food product has either been in-
apected or exempted by the Department.

When any shipment of meat or meat
food product is offered for transporta-
tion through the United States as a part of
a foreign movement, the same certificate
will be required as if the shipment were
destined for some place in the United States,
The regulations prescribe that the certificate
of inapection shall contain the name of the
carrier, shipper, consignee, place of ship-
ment, destination, and the car number and
initial. The certificate may be stamped
upon or incorporated in any form which is
regularly or ordinarily used in the ship-
ment of meat or of meat food product.

All original certificates delivered to the
carriers are ordered to be retained and filed
by the initial carrier in order that they
may ve checked up periodically by the
officers of the meat inspection service.
The regulations also prescribe that no
common carrier shall receive for transporta-
tion or transport toany foreign country any
meat or meat food product which has not
been inspected and passed by the meat
inspection officers, and no master of any
steam or sailing vessel is allowed to receive
any meat or meat food product for trans-
portation from this country to Great Britain
and Ireland or any of the countries of Con-
tinental Europe until a certificate of inapeo-
tion covering the shipment has been issued
and delive to the master of the vessel.

 

 

FERRYMAN T00 POLITICAL,

Aceused of Taking Off Staten Island Boats
Bo That the Crews Could Work for Muller.

Lawrence Hanlon, assistant superin-
tendent of municipal ferries, will be put on
trial next Friday before Commissioner
Bensel of the Department of Docks and
Ferries upon a charge of neglect of duty.

Commissioner Bensel has suspended Han-
lon after‘an investigation pursued at the
request of Mayor McClellan, to whom com-

laints had been made by some of the Staten
sland politicians. Hanlon's accusers de-
clare that as assistant superintendent of the
municipal ferry he took off three ferryboats
last wi when they should have been
making trips and rounded up the employees
| on them to attend a meeting of the Cherokee
| Club on Staten Island, when Nick Muller
and Sheriff McCormick were to fight it out
between them for the control of the club.
Hanlon ia a Muller man.

 

! and similar doin
lof the municipa
| agaizst Uanloa.

service will ke charged

re

'

|

 

SCORES OF PASSENGERS LOST IN
CIMARRON RIVER FLOOD.

 

Rock Isiand Hatiway Structure Weakened
by High Water—Few of the Many in
the Smoker and Day Coaches Rescued
—Pullmans and (hair Cars Saved.

Dover, Okla., Sept. 18.—Rock Island
passenger train No. 12, known as th@Texas,
Kansas City and Chicago Express, due to
arrive at Kansas City at 5:30 P, M. to-day,
went down,with the bridge over the Cimar-
ron River, a mile and a half south of this
place, about 6:30 o'clock thia morning.

The entire train, except the Pullman
sleepers, disappeared in the river.

Men, women and children, still drowsy
from their night's ride, were plunged to
death before they were aware of danger.

The number of dead can only be con-
jectured. So far as known here, the loco-
motive, two baggage cars and two, and
possibly three, day coaches are in the river,

This train usually has a heavy patronage,
and it is possible that fully twoscore per-
sons were drowned. .

Clyde Giest, 19 years old, who was re-
turning to hia home here from Geary, Okla.,
made a thrilling escape. He said:

“I was sitting in the front compartment
of the smoker, ready to get off at Dover.
The only other person in this part of the car
was the negro porter. There were possibly
seven or eight men in the other compart-
ment. As the engine passed onto the
bridge I was aroused by three short shrieks
of the whistle.

“I felt the train gently sinking beneath
me. I ran to the front door, but by the
time I reached it the train was in the river
and the water was up to my kuoees. The
water was about twenty feet deep where
the bridge broke. To save myself I began
to scramble to the top of the smoking car.
The porter was ahead of me.

“L had great trouble lifting myself from
the water and asked the porter, who was
now on the roof, to take my hand and give
me a lift. He answered that he had to look
out for himself and did not help me, That
was the last I heard himsay. A few seconds
later he waa swept into the water and car-
ried away.

“The smoking car had drifted down the
river possibly a hundred yards, and I
resolved to try to swim. I plunged into the
water and was whirled down stream like
a cork. I managed to pull off my ovat,
and then I tore off my cotton shirt, but a
heavy flannel baseball shirt was too strong
to be torn and I could not remove it,
Neither could I get out of my shoes and
trousers.

“As I was carried down the river I saw
two men swimming ahead of me. Both
seemed greatly frightened and one was
calling for help. As I passed them I told
them to take it easy and not get scared,
1 have known\the river for years at this
point, 80 I swam for a small island about
a mile and a half down the river, and finally
reached it. From there I waded and swam
to the north bank. I went to a farmhouse
where I got clothing and then walked to
Dover.

“I saw two other men floating down the
river behind me. Finally I lost sight of
all of them, and I suppose they were
drowned.”

Giest was unable to estimate the number
of passengers on the train. He said he was
certain that several women who, with their
children, got on the train with him at Geary
last night were lost.

Frank Cullen, one of the advance crew of
the Forepaugh-Sella circus, was one of those
picked up by a farmer several miles below
the wreck. He said:

“I was in the smoker, and the firat thing
I knew there was a grinding sound, as of
something falling. In a second we were
in the water with the coach turned on its
side and I crawled out of a window. The
car was whirled around and around by the
water, but we managed to hang on. Jn a
few minutes we grounded in midstream and
we tried to pull off our clothing. The waves
were so high that it was all we could do to
hold on.

“We had been there about half an hour
when the whole bridge fell. The big waves
and wreckage struck us, throwing us all
into the water. The car was overturned
and completely submerged. Several of us
had been sitting on top of the car trying to
figure out some means of escape.

“My partner, Hank Littlefield, was about
all in when the wreckage struck us. I saw
him go down and am quite sure he was
drowned, How I was saved I don’t know,
as I cannot swim. The water was full of
floating heads and bodies all around me,
and I am sure that not many of them es-
caped. It was a hard matter to get out of
the window and help Littlefield through.
The coach was so full that it is almost in-
conceivable that 80 many got out. The
chair car and two Pullmans remained on
the track.”

The entire superstructure of the bridge,
a wooden affair, is gone, and only a few
piles at the approaches are standing. About
400 yards down, the river, washed against
the south bank, is a half submerged car,
seemingly a baggage car, while about 100
yards from the bridge, also lodged against
the south bank, isanother car, None of the
other cars is in sight.

Two Pullmans and the chair car stood
alone on the prairie, where they had been
stopped by the air brakes when the forward
cars went down with the bridge.

A man who went to the river aa soon
as young Geist reached Dover said he saw
four men on top of a car, which he thought
was the smoker, in the middle of the river,
waiting for help. Not more than 150 feet
of the south end of the bridge went down
with the train, but while this man was
looking at the four men on the car the main
structure gave way and the stretch of ties
and rails swept around like a sitkle, struck
the car and knocked the four men into the
water. He saw them drown.

The Cimarron at the scene of the disaster
is fully 1,500 feet in width, its waters red with
the soil through which the river flows.
Great eddies sweep down the middle of the
channel,

The river was swollen with what is known
as a head rise in the Northwest, which is a
solid wall of water caused by cloudbursts.
These floods are irresistible. They swallow
acres of valley farms in an hour and gnaw
away bridge foundations in a few minutes.

A common saying among frontieramen in
Olkahoma is “The Cimarron alwaya buries
its dead.” The river rolla in beds of deep
quicksand, By to-morrow it is probable
that the engine and the cars that lie in the

| Jt is understood that at the trial other bed of the river will have disappeared |

prejudicial to the good |

beneath the sand.
After all, Usher's the xeatcs

that mace the bighbail famous.—Aas. zm

   

 

BUD DOBLE AURT BY
Stallion Seizes Trainer With His Teeth,
‘Then Stamps Upon Mim.

San Jose, Cal., Sept. 18.-Bud Doble,
the famous driver aud trainer of trotting
horses, waa very seriously and perhaps
fatally injured to-day by a stallion. He
was about to take the animal out for his
morning exercise when the horse without
warning grasped him in his teeth and shook
him like a rat, then hurled him to the ground
stunned,

Before Doble could arise the animal
reared, then threw himself upon the pros-
trate man, rendering him unconscious.
Only the timely arrival of stablemen who
beat off the horse saved Doble's life.
Several of his riba were broken.

ROSEBERY ON NEW SPELLING.

Makes Humorous Reference'te President
Mooseveit's Advecacy of It.
Special Cathe Despatch to Tux Sun,

Lonvon, Sept. 18—Lord Rosebery in a

at Hewick referred humorously
to President Roosevelt's advocacy of spell-
ing reform. He said a blow struck at
recognized spelling was a blow struck at
morality. It was only the conscientious
and virtuous who were hampered by the
lawa of spelling. The unscrupulous and
intrepid spelled ahead by their own phonetic
rulea.

He was not sure the archaic, stereotyped
rulea of spelling had not filled half the
lunatic asylums of the country With con-
scientious men, who pondered over arrang-
ing letters to form a word until their intel-
ligence reeled. Meanwhile, the man who
had no nerves, no conscience, and no bowels
spelled on regardless of correctness and pre-
served his intelligence, such aa it was, and
might in the last moments of his life be
honored by the homage of the President of
the United States.

HEARST LOSES IN ROCHESTER.

Only Carries One Assembly District —Most
Delegates Uninstructed.

Rocuesrer, N. Y., Sept. 18.—-William R.
Hearst's men did not make such a showing
in the Democratic primaries in Monroe
county to-day as they had announced they
would. They had expected to win a majority
of the delegates to the State convention,
but they have only carried one Assembly
district, with possibly picking up two or
three more in the other four districts, In
many of the wards and towns the delegates
to the district conventions are uninatructed
and it will not be definitely known whether
they are Hearst or anti-Hearst until the con-
ventions are held,

One result of the primaries will be the
retirement of State Committeeman William
F. Balkam who is also treasmer of the
State committee. It was only in the last
few days that he had begun an active fight
to prevent the election of Hearst delegates,
His own ward rejected his ticket by a vote
of two to one.

The Republican primaries were entirely
without incident. Railroad Commissioner
George W. Aldridge was in complete con-
trol and did not meet with the slightest
opposition, He will control the entire
delegation to the State Repu blican conven-
tion. .

MEARST CARRIES SYRACUSE.

Will Have a Solid Delegation From Onon-
daga County at Buffalo.

Syracuse, N. Y., Sept. 18.—Ex-Mayor
James K. McGuirescored a sweeping victory
at the Democratic primaries here to-day,
carrying every ward in the city for Hearst
and seven towns in the country where
there was a contest. This will give Hearst
an instructed delegation of nine from
Onondaga county

The victory is complete for McGuire
giving him full control of the organization
and defeating M. 8. Haven, who put up a
fight for Jerome. In Haven'’s ward, the
Twelfth, Hearst received 108 votes and the
opposition 26. In ex-Mayor W. B. Kirk's
ward the opposition received only six

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

cent. of the total vote.

The result is attributed to the personal
popularity of McGuire, who has been out
of politics several years, but who came
home to conduct the fight. .McGuire con-
ducted a speaking campaign in every
ward.

CHANLER HELPS HEARST,

 

 

Sees (o It That the Second District Dutchess
Convention Declares For Him.

PovouKkepsik, Sept. 18.--The Second
Assembly district Democratic convention
for Dutchess county in this city this after-
noon was a Hearst affair through the in-
fluence of Lewis Stuyvesant Chanler. The
delegation to the Democratic State conven-
tion was instructed to procure if possible
the nomination of W. K. Hearst for Gov-
ernor and Mr. Chanler for Lieutenant-
Governor

The mention of Chanler’s name brought
out hearty applause, but the name of Hearst
was received coldly. A_ resolution was
passed thanking Lewis S. Chanler and his
brother Bob Chanler for their efforts to
make politics in Dutchess county cleaner
and better. Allison Butts was indorsed
as the Democratic candidate for Supreme
Court Justice in the new Ninth district.

Odell Men Win at Middletown,

MiIppLETowN, N. Y., Sept. 18.—The Re-
publicans of the Second Assembly district
of Orange county, at Goshen to-day, se-
lected delegates to the State convention
who are stanoh Odell men. ‘The delegation
is headed by Assemblyman Louis ell.
Delegates were also selected to the Ninth
Judicial district convention who are under-
stood to favor the nomination of Arthur
8S. Tompkins of Nyack. either convention
instructed ite delegates.

Hearst Carries Niagara County.

Lockport, N. Y., Sept. 18.—There were
contests in very few wards in town at the
Niagara county Democratic primaries to-
day. Both sides are for Hearst. The
Democratic county committee some time
ago indorsed Hearst and .the delegates
from both Assembly districts‘to the State
convention will befor Hearst for Governor,

Retired New York Jeweller Drowned.

Justin Wertheimer, who was a prominent
jewelry jobber at 41 Maiden jane until his
retirement two or three years ago, fell
overboard from a pleasure boat in the
North Sea off Ostend several days ago
and was drowned, Word of the occurrence
was received yesterday by relatives in this
city. He had no family.

 

Hotel Martinique Dining Rooms,
| 3d St. Same management as St,
, Ade,

Bway and
Denis Hotel,

a ae
-—
a

82.50 TO ATLANTIC CITY AND
RETURN SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 29,

ee Pennasivenia Relltcad, speetel tretn leaves
sow ere th . &,, piepping zt Newark and
‘ivaberb, .trning leaves Atlantic City 7,00
| P.M, Last of the conon.~ Ads,

votes. The Hearst ticket received 90 per

 

R 19, 1906 .—conyrion, 1906, by The Sun Printing and

 

— eee
——_

 

'

ee a a genni

Son eaenan Geena poocemeaananaaae™

 

 

 

CHURCHILL BARBLY BBATEN.

FLOYD NAMED FOR GOVERNOR
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE,

 

 

Novelist Defeated Through @ Combination
of Opposition Candidates —Had Largest
Individual Followmg of Delegates

.

ee

 

B —Hils Platform Adepted by Convention. ,

Conoconp, N. H.,,.Sept, 18.—The Repub-
lican State convention opened at 11 o’clook
this morning. The preliminary business,
including nominating speeches in bebalf
of five candidates for Governor, Was con-
cluded and balloting began at 1 o%block.

From that hour until 9:30 to-hight the
805 delegates were passing before the ballot
box almost witbout a break.

The leading candidates were Charles Hi.’

Greenleaf of Franconia, Charles M.
of Manchester, Winston Churchill of Cor-
nish and Rosecrans W. 'Pillabury of Londen-

derry.

‘There were nine ballots, three of which
were thrown out because the total vote
exceeded the n entitled to seats.
Greenleaf, known in the campaign as the
machine candidate, led for five ballota..
Floyd and Pillsbury were close to him.

Winston Churchill, the anti-machine
candidate, started out with 157 votes and hie
strength rose till it reached 335 on the final
ballot.

After the fifth ballot Mr. Pillsbury with-
drew in favor of Charles M. Floyd, the
successful candidate, and on the last ballot
the Greenleaf votes, except 55, went to
Floyd. The final vote was as follows:
Floyd, 408; Churchill, 385; Greenleaf, 55;
Stephen H. Cale, 1; total vote cast, 700;
necessary for a choice, 400.

The platform adopted is a victory for the
Lincoln Club of New Hampshire, which
backed the Churchill campaign.

The platform pledges the party to the
abolition of free railroad passes, to the
regulation of the Legislative lobby, to a
direct primary election law, against race-
track gambling and all other forms of
gambling and to a commiasion to bring
abont, a more just apportionment of taxes.

The surprise of the convention was the
great strength shown by Churchill. His
campaign was’ at first looked upon ‘as a
joke, but he was beaten only by a com-
bination of other candidates, he having
developed a larger following than any
other man in the field.

Following the State oonventfon the
Second Congressional district convention
was held and Frank D. Currier of Canaan
was unanimously renominated.

 

NO ASSEMBLY FOR FILIPINOS

 

Maniia Papers Say United States Should
Be Warned by Cuba’, Fallore.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THB SUN.

MANILA, Sept. 18..-The newspapers com-
ment extensively upon the disturbances in
Cuba. Some of the Filipino papers criticise
American intervention and say that Cuba
is capable of self-government if no ob-
stacles are put in hef way. Others belittle
the seriousness of the situation. None
questions the stability of Cuba's Govern-
ment.

The American papers take occasion té
lecture the native statesmen and to depre-
cate the innumerable political parties
among the Filipinos. They algo question
the wisdom of inaugurating a Philippine
Assembly next year. They argue that the
Cubans are generations beyond the Fili-
pinos and have had the freest opportunity
to develop their republic, under the close
protection and guidance of America. Never-
theless they have proved themselves
incapable of doing so. Therefore the
American newspapers of Manila demand
that Congress do not repeat the unwise
experiment bere. :

Recently the general trend of the Ameri-
can newspapers has beet to question #e-
riously the advisability and possibility
of establishing an Assembly in 1907 in
view of the disturbed condition of the
islands, the activity of the ladrdnes, the
bitter animosity that exists between: the
numerous political parties and the general
opposition to and extravagant criticism
of the Administration.

 

LABOR IN POLITICS.

 

Gompers and Others to Go Out end Stir Up
Things Some More,
WasHINGTON, Sept. 18.—President Samuel
Gompers of the American Federation of
Labor, will visit New York and Chicago
goon to endeavor to bring about united
action on the part of labor organizations
in the political campaigns in those cities.
At a meeting of the executive council of
the federation here to-day the report
of the labor representation committee,
composed of Samuel Gompers, James
O'Connell and Frank Morriss, contained
this resolution and it was adopted, —
The report also said that the election
of Kepresentative Littlefield in Maine
was a “great moral victory and one which
will have a salutary influence, not only
on the elections, but also upon labor's
ganere before Congress in the future
Grand Jury.” The commission reported
that it had every reason to be encouraged
in the greatest possible degree by the
showing of the labor representatives in the
ae Sone wae ont. 7 7
ign is bein n n -
fom and it Sil loom be published. ——
The federation is also preparing to isaue
a campaign textbook.

RATE

 

BILL RULINGS,
Thirty Days Notice Must Be Given cf
Change of Prices for } xeursion Tickets.

WASHINGTON, Sept. 18.—The Interstate
Commerce Commission announced to-day
a number of rulings urider the amended
interstate commerce act. The most im-
portant relates to .round trip exoursion
rates. It rules that the provisions ,of

ion 6, requiring a thirty days notice
° _ intention to change a rate, applies to
m » excursion, commutation,
tri ¢ other reduced rates whtohy ike

° paneen r rates,.aré established
for on be finite period and appear to be a
matter of permanent policy. Strictly ex-
cursion rates, however, covering a named
and limited period, mé@y be established
on much shorter notice. °

!

pf a EE
a eee eee iT
———___

commission holds “that nothing |

but money can be lawfully received or
accepted in payment for transportation,”
and that “where two or more connecting

carriers establish a joint rate which ix less
or greater than the sum of their local rates
such joint rate is a change of rate and re-
quires a notice of thirty days.”

 

WEEK-END OUTINGS AT ATLANTIC CITY,

Via Pennsytvania Raliroat. Every Saturday in
September, Rate covers round trip transportation
and two days’ board. Onty $10 and $12, according
to hotel stlected, Consult ticket egeuts. ~Ado,

.
Pubtiahing Association.
’

 

————

HONORS TO CHICHESTER,
Americana Join in the Funeral Services
at Gibraltar.

, Spectal Cable Despatch to Tam Sum.

Grerautar, Sept. 18.--The body of Rear
Adrotya) Sir Edward Chichester, who died of
pneumonia yesterday, was embarked this
evening on the battleship Formidable. As
the body wadWweing taken on board the
warship salutes were fired by the shore bat-
teries and the British and American fleets.

The procession from the Admiral’s official
residence to the quay was the most im-
pressive ever seen here. The route was lined
with troops, Vast crowds assembled to pay
the last token of reapect to the dead officer,
who waa universally liked.

A large number of British naval and mili-
tary officers, the American Admiral and
the Spanish Governor were in the proces-
sion. Two battalions of American marines
and: sailors landed and took part in the
obsequies. , ma:

GALK SWEPT HER DECK CLEAN.

Steamer Fi Dia from Galveston Hard nit
Ceming Up the Coast. FE

The steamer E! Dia, which arrived last night
from Galveston, reporta that on Septem-
ber 17 she encountered terrific gales with
mountainous seas and was obliged to heave
to for seven hours.

She lost all of her boats, skylights, lad-
ders, boxes and everything movable on
deck. Capt. Mason says it was one of the
worst gales he ever experienced. El Dia

a steamer hove to and also a num-
ber of bales of cotton.

NOT TO BE AUXILIARY BISHOP.

Report That Mgr. Barrett Had Been AYD-
pointed Is Dented.

The report that Mgr. John I. Barrett,
secretary to Bishop McDonnell of the Brook -
lyn Catholic diocese, had been appointed
auxiliary Bishop was pronounced erroneous
yesterday by alt the leading authorities of
thediocese. The object, it is said, of Bishop
McDonnell’s recent trip to Europe with
his secretary waa solely for the benefit of his
health and Rome was not included in his
itinerary. It was also denied that Bishop
McDonnell had any intention of asking for
the appointment of an auxiliary or coad-
jutor.

 

 

 

 

BEER WAS NON-UNION,

 

Washington Labor Celebration Marred by
a Sad Discovery.

WasHINGToN, Sept. 18.—There was
trouble last night at a business meeting
of the local trade unions held in Typo-
graphical Temple. Refreshments were
served and part of them consisted of bottled
beer. In the midst of the meeting the
discovery was made that the beer had been
blacklisted by the labor unions. A dele-
gate from the Stone Cutters’ Union de-
manded to know “how the goods got into
our temple?”

The worst feature of the affair was that
more of the same beer had been ordered
for a later meeting to celebrate the return
of Samuel Gompers, president of the Federa-
tion of Labor, from his campaign against
Representative Littlefield of Maine, who
was reelected. There was much excite-
ment, which was not quieted until the
presiding officer announced that wagons
had been despatched for more beer of
another brand.

FIRE ROUTS OUT HOTEL GUESTS.

Hot Blaze Next Door to the Cosmopolitan
on Chambers Street.

Occupants of the Cosmopolitan Hotel at
Chambers street and West Broadway had
a scare last night when fire was discovered
next door in the building at 123 Chambers
street. The flames were confined to the
fifth and sixth floors of the building, which
were given ovey to the manufacture of
clothing and mins boxes, but the corridors
of the botel were filled with the guests
before the water tower had got in its work
and put out the flames.

Chief Croker was present on the second
alarm and sent in a third alarm, but the
damage, according to the firemen, did not
ex $30,000.

ODELL ROUT IN BUFFALO,

Warren Will Not Even Be a Delegate to
the State Convention.

Burra.o, Sept. 18—The Odell forces
captained by William C. Warren were put
to utter rout in the Erie county primaries
to-day. The Higgins faction, led by Fred
Greiner, “postmaster, won wherever they
put up a fight. Warren will not even go
to the State convention as a delegate.

Warren will lose also his place on the State
committee. Greiner will be the real leader
in Erie, but has announced hia intention
of making John C. Wickser State commit-
teeman. The Greiner faction made its
fight on the anti-Odell issue. The Warren
side claimed'the issue was merely personal
between Warren and Greiner.

 

 

 

LA FOLLETTE AT ASBURY PARK,

 

 

He Speaks for the Colby Ticket and Lam-
* bastes the Corporations,

Assury Park, N. J., Sept. 18.—Senator
La Follette of Wisconsin was the attraction
of the Colby League meeting in Asbury
Park this afternoon, which was opened by
Mr. Colby. Senator La Follette was in
bad voice, but his energy and earnestness
kept the audience interested more than an
hour. He made violent attacks upon the
corporations and on Senators of New Jersey
who, he said, were notorious throughout
the United States for their support and
devotion to corporate interests.

Senator La Follette was dined at the
Marlborough, where he ‘was introduced to
many of the prominent cuanes one pro-
fessional men of the town. meeting
at the opera housé was aided by a brass
band and the usual political accessories.
There were probably 1,200 people in the
audience.

SPREAD RAIL IN SUBWAY.
Shift? a Car From its Trucks and Ties Up
Downtown Local Trafic.

A spread rail on the southbound local
track of the subway just at the Fourteenth
street a threw one of the cars from
its trucks night at 11:25 o’clook and
all the local service south of Fourteenth’
street out of commission for sometime. All
hocal trains coming down to Fourteenth
street were switched to the expreas tracks
and ran through to Brooklyn Bridge with-
~~ a stop. en 6 bh 4

No one wae hurt by the id i i
is supposed to have been somal te tboae

 

 

taking the sharp turn at too great
= one of the sharpest curves oe =
road.

 

J. T Trowbridge Celebrates, Seventy-
ninth Birthday,

Boston, Sept. 18.J. T. Trowbridge,
the author, to-day celebrated hia seventy-
ninth birthday at his home in Arlington.
Mr. Trowbridge is in the best of health.

_——
99 TO BUFFALO AND RETURN,

28, 24, N ci
bien Valley R, Reo apagiiee tiroadwes cae

‘

-

  
   

Pair-to-days
_ mn varied Te dh

 

   
 
 
   

and, t

B M

PRICE TWO

BOSS ODELL
IS BEATEN

 

And Boss Murphy:Was Jolted

am Hard in the Primary
at Battle,

wee ee

BOTH PROFESS CONTENT, *

Parsons Won Every Doubtiul Dis-
trict, Executive Committee
and All.

 

Murphy's Men Say He Will Turn the Deiee
gation to Buffalo Over to Hearst
—MciClellan Men Say He Can't Do I6
Hearst Klement Smashed in Kings
and Queens —Tammany Boss Still Holds
Majerity of Executive Committes
—Primary Day Resembied a General
Election tn Interest and Excitement,

Even the tattered and dishevelled and
sviled shreds of Benjamin B. Odell, Jr.'s,
boss-ship were wrenched from his pudgy
fist last night when President Herbert E.
Parsons won all along the line in the New
York county primaries. Representative
Parsons had practically a clean sweep, for
of the 713 members of the New York county
committee be has more than 450, not count-
ing Gruber of the Seventeenth district, with
27 votes in the committee. But of course
Gruber now, according ™ custom, will
flock with the winner.

The fact that neither President Parsons
nor any of his orators during this primary
contest in New York county, the severest
in years, mentioned the name of Gov. Hig-
gins or referred in any way to Gov. Hig-
gins’s administration} made Parsons’s vio~
tory, in the estimation of Republicans at
the Fifth Avenue Hotel; , essentially and
entirely a Roosevelt victory.

Mr. Odell received the returns at the
Fifth Avenue Hotel with Mr. Quigg and
said: “The returns we have received from
up State; combined with those’ received
from Greater New York, assure us of within
twenty or thirty yotes of a majority in the
State convention, Where is now no question
that the State convention will be opposed
to Gov. Higgins. ‘J make this remark with-
out any personal feeling against the Gove
ernor, for itis now no time for personalities)
but simply because I believe a stronger
man can and will be ehosen.

“As for the result in Greater New York
there is nothing discouraging from my
point of view. The organization with
which I am connected made a fight against
great odds and won a victory. What it
has lost in New York county it has made up
in Kings, and in the two districts lost in New
York county, those of Straussberger and
Alexander, the State delegates were saved.
The best information at hand shows that
we have 168 delegates in Greater New York
to 158 of the opposition. I repeat that it
was a fight against great odds and I believe
they will admit we gave them a fight.”

When Mr, Odell spoke about a “victory”
everybody smiled. Mr. Quigg did not care
- - anything about his defeat in his dis-
trict.

A majority of the Republicans at the
hotel said that the result in New York

-———

A

'

county was due “to the magic name ob -

Roosevelt.” There were the usual grins
also when Mr. Odell said that he had de-
feated Gov. Higgins for renomination.
The Governor's own friends at the hotel
said that if anybody had defeated tho
Governor for renomination it was Gov,

| Higgins himself when he refused to heed
“| the advice of President

Roosevelt and
other Republicans to follow up his political
victories last winter by turning out Odell as
Republican State chairman. The Governor
turned out William Halpin, Odell’s president
of the county committee, and defeated Mer-
ritt, Odell's candidate for Speaker, and then
permitted Odell to remain in his place as
State chairman and in doing so, in the
estimation of Gov. Higgins's warmest
friends, brought about his own political
retirement.

In Brooklyn Timothy L. Woodruff car-
ried seventeen of the twenty-one districta;
Michael J. Dady winning in the First (his
own), Third, Seventh and Thirteenth.

Mr. Woodruff told his friends last night
that there would be a conference in Sara-
toga on Saturday night with the friends
of President Roosevelt and Gov. Higgins
for the purpose of going over the availa-
bility of Republican candidates for Goy-
ernor.

The result of the Tammany primaries
was that Charles F. Murphy will have 4,304
membeys of the county committee, Mayor
McClellan 2,167 and the Sullivans 1,629;
which, according to these returns, shows that
Mr Murphy bas beaten both the McClellan
and the Sullivan forces for the reason that
the combined yote of the McClellan and
Sullivan people in the county committee
is but 3,796.

In Brooklyn.Senator MoCarren carried
22 out of the 23 districts. The Second district
is indoubt, bub ity will probably be for
McCarren,

Early in the day the Hearst managers
sent out word from the Gilsey House to all
of their people to support Mr. Murphy.

Mr. Murphy’s vote came from the dis-
tricta which voted go heavily for Hearat
for Mayor last fall. Mr. Murphy’s friends
at Tammany Hall said last night that aoc-
cording to custom he would now vote the
105 Tammany delegates to the Democratic

State convention as a unit for Hearst, and -

they had no hesitation in saying that Mr,
Hearst's indorsement by the regular Demo-
cratic State convention at Buffalo on Sep-
tember 25 was now assured.

The McClellan people vehemently dis-
puted the statement that Mr. Murphy
would be powerful enough to turn over
the 105 delegates to Hearst and they went

 

Genuine crystal pebble eye glasses, the cool kind
that never mist, at Spences’s, 12 Maiden Lana,

‘

      
   

    
   
  
   
    
  
    
 
  
    
  
  
   
       
   
   
      
  
  
     
   
    
 
  
   
    
   
   
  
    
    
        
   

 

 

ere Ne

PRS, BE
ond sige

-
me

Se ame See es