VOL. LAVIIL—NO, 72

——<_—$—_— i rr

SHIP GOES DOWN WITH 33, |

 

Tur Ccrry OF WONTICBLLO FOUNDERS
IN 1HF BAY OF FUNDY.

 

@nly Four of Those Aboard Sn ved —Seven Got
Away ia a Gmail Boat, bet Three of Them
Are Drowned in the Surf—steamer on Her
Way rom St. Joha to Yarmouth—Mecev-
ered Leaktug After a Night of Very Rough
Weather, Gete Feyond Centrol, Dritts
en a Reef, Breaks im Two and Sinks.

Hatrrax, N 8., Nov. 10.—During one of the
worst storms of the sevson the Yarmouth
Bteaiaship Company's sidewheel sieamer City
ef Monticello foundered four miles off Che-
gogzin Point thts morning and sank among
the breakera The passengers and crew num-
bered thirty-seven, and al) except four are
deai ‘lhe saved are

Elsie Mel onald, colored, stewardess

Cant. Norman Smith of the steamer Phar
@alin, passenger

Wilson Cook, Halifax, qvartermaster

James & Flemming, Halifax, third officer

Among the lost are

Rupert F Oltfver, purser of the steamship
Prince Ldward, passenger

A ES Eldridge, Yarmouth, passenger

Capt 7. M Harding, Yamnouth, aged @.

H i) Newell, first officer and pot, Cape

Islan: «4
Nelemtih Murphy, second officer, Yarmouth,

“
Swen Johnson, seaman, Arcacila, 30
Wiiara H Dunn, searnan, Weymouth, 2.

 

Suniey Kinger, seaman, Lockeport 20.

Robert Nickereon, se.unan, Yarmouth, @

Jolin I Whitmore, seaman, Lockeport, 20

Charles Greig, chief engineer, Halifax, 50

Rlervert Ko Poole, second engineer, Yam
mon 2

Robert Doncette, oller, Yarmouth, 32

Winsiow Kinger, oller, Lockep ort, 25

Buouel Gloster (colored), fireman Liver-
pool #

Jai.es Cole. fireman, Yarmouth, 81

George Mulse, fireman, Yarmouth

Nathan (. Mopking, chief steward, Yar-
mout, 65

Kee or Hopkin, walter, Barrington, 23.

Acatio WE hens waiter, Cape Island, 18

Levi Nichearion, waiter, Shaw tlarbor, 31.

Wong Vaneoab 1@, cook, Pubnico Head, 18,

Pred Vanemburg, assistant cvok, Pubnioco
flea

\, \iton Cunningham, mess boy, Cape Island,

  

ry

E #® M Hilton, purser, Yarmouth, 89

Isiac A. Wilson, assistant purser, Barring-
torn, 39.

TY evity af Monticello made weekly tripe be-
Qiee. Halfax, N 8, andsec. John, N.B,, calung

 

  
  
 

at Y. h and other ports The eteamer
was lost ehout tem mies from Yarmouth on
ber was therefrom St doun she left the latter
pot at tl oclock on Friday morning The
storm which started that night was still blowing
a ane to-day The steamer made her
war athe Boy of Fundy in the face of the
flerce sou toeaster and wasfour miles off Chegog-
gin Powt, ore of the capes in the vicunity of
Vatmouth. It was found that water was pour-

ing into thehold It did not take many ininutes
to show that there was no hope of the steamer
reaching port She was Leyons control and
dr fong on the rocks

Cept Harding had two oonte and it was
decided to launch them tn the forlorn hope of
gevllicg through the surf to the shore. One
of passengers wars Capt. Norman Smith
of ‘se Batlle Line steamer Pharsalia, now
lying atst Joan. Thetwo bo its were launched
and ove of them was placed tr charge of Capt
Smit) Tr it with htm were six others. There
Was room for more, but the terror-stricken
Passenwers and crew miomenterd) hesitated
to leave the «hip. That moment ws fatal,
for the Boat put { left those on pdoard to

the

 

-
ou a

thelr fate The second boat was lauiched
At the same Citne, bt no one knows who got
into her or whit became of her [he sur-

vivors have no hope that she Lived in the angry
sen

Capt. Smith's boat had got only a few yarde
fromm the City of Monticello when a big wave
@trick the steainer sending her completelh
over on the recks and washiug ever
one who clung to her rieging into the sea
Troose below decks were ca igat im the torrente
of water rushing up from a@reat holes in the
ahip’s bottom and pouring down her hatches
and companion wavs. The other boat was not
geen aftar the steimar went over

That in charge of Cant Smith ved for only
@ few minwies, but it carried them along on
the crest of a great wave till it broke on the
rocky beach and all hands were thrown into
the surf Three of them were carried up to
the shore where they were able toholdonand
were erfe, but Piste MeDonald and Second Off-
oer Murthy and two women passencere were
dravn back by the un ertow. Tie next wave
threw the MeDemaid gir! igh and drv on the
shore, but Murphy was hured against a boulder
and inetantiy killed. The others were not seen
again. Those who were saved sustained only
alight injuries

Capt Smith made the following statement
to-night

“We left St

 

John at 11 o'cloak on Friday morn-

ing The weather was notat ultad The sea
in fact was very amooth to Petite Passage I
gaw Capt. Harding. who said he wis thinking of
Pulung into Dighy belore reaching Petite, but
about hall an hour before reaching there the
weather looked finer with iotlcations of the
wind hauling to the northwest, and he
Concluded to try to reach Yarmouth. Ry the
time we resched Cape St. Mary's it wae blowing
eiron@ but tee ship made fairly good weather
all theoueh the nie it. This morning at 7 o'clock
we were about five mites ame Cape Porchu
Met After finde hie position Cant Harding
decided to run for the harber, but found fr
frnj o- sible to get the ship before the wind ol-
thouch he used every endeavor to do so. The
ship wes now maklig water and we began to
Jeti teon cargo

Alter enpiving several eaeis of kerosene
of] to arieoth the waters, and as the whrter
eo Urnved to gain, we decided to take to the
bont Tils was about 11 o'clock this morn.
ing. Afier getting two boata out 6) the port
tlie We pact oll ‘Se women, Uiree in nume-

ber, fn the fret boat, and im five minutes after

 

the oats had clewred the eteamer sie .»radu-
ally eeitied © wn on the port side and disap-
peared. IT sis eteam escaping, but if there
was an exj.osion of bollera I Whe BO OeN“TOSSe!
with ms heat that 1 did rot notice it. The
flrea in «ve boiler had been out for two hours,
having been put out by rising ware in the
hoki

"There were no seenes of confusion, every-

thing wasorderiy, and there was no exeltement
Whatever Cant. Harding and all the ocers
did their dutr to thelast The esntain nasisted
us in cotting © homt awar aod the lact I saw
of him he waa standing by the fa!) attending
to putting her into the water Capt. Harding's
conduct tas eeamar |! ' nehot

“After the steamer foundered we were driven

  

to the land by the tetine gale ond landed at
Pe cbroke. about four ®S away, in a vers
heavy murf, our loat beng bre-en to atone
in landing “urphs, the se ond mate, and
two lad ase cers were ed Wenever
Baw Or Learal. afte: tle -e. ie oiled Those
who were saved were thrown upon the
beach, and it wie on by a miracle
that we easwed the fat. of the «other
three it was aller a -evere struggie that
Permit No abstitation, tasist Upon

yrsq H. Schulias pure and correct winerai waters —

—_——

NEW YORK, SUNDAY.

The eook and
sight injuries in

wo gained a place of arfety.

the stewardess receive!
landing
she had apparentiy filled with water und we
fear there !x no hope of Ler oceupants being
eaved. fevernl of those remaining in the
ateamer nad iife belts on, but | fear there te
no possibility of any of’ them being suved.

They could not have !ived long enough in that |

raging sea t© get to land After reaching
a house we were furnished with dry clothing
and all except the stewardess were brought
to Yarmouth.’

James FE. Flemming, the (ity of Monticelio’s
third offer, made the following statemen':

“After leaving St. John vesterday morning
the wind was blowing quite «strong, but the
boat made goo time. After passing through
Patite Passage It looked as if the wind would
haul te the northwest, but about 6 o'clock it
breezed up from the south Ahout 19 o'clock
on Friday night one sea boarded us and carried

/ away the starboard part of the forward *-

loon, apparentiy doling amall damage The
ship was then Inboring heavily but was mas-
ing good weather In the might = ahe
began to lenk This morning about § o clock
she became unmanageable Everything pos-
sible for the «afety of the ship and the crew
was done, but to no purpose § The port res
went out about !0 0 o'clock, and shortly after-
ward Capt
manned. The port quarter boat wis lowers)
The s@cond oMcer, the quarternaster,
Capt Sinith, the stewardess and two
women, one colored, and my-elf left in her
Ver) little diMcuity wae experiescedin getting
the boat away from theship. The port forward
boat was alse lowered, but filed before it was
got away from the ship. I saw men strie-
eling tn the water with life belta on bit it was
impossible to render them any assis’) ice,
I cannot say whether any other boats were
lowered. In about three minutes after we
leit the slip she heeled over on her pert side,
broke in two and went down, bow fret. Just
be.ure she sank | saw people clinging to we
windward rail.

“Tue last | saw of Capt. Haniing he was zet-
ting out the port quarter boat. He was per-
feotly ooo] throughout and gave hie orders in
that mild tone with which we were so tamillar.
He did Ls utmost to save the passangers and
crew when it became evident that the snip
could live no longer No possible blame can
be attached te the eiptain. He was caught
under conditions which could not have been
foreseen. There were about seven paseigers
aboard. I don't know who they were.

“after the sulp sank we ecudded for the land.
The armail boat m-de splendid weather till we
feached tue oreasers. As near as | can tell
the boat pitchpoled upon the beach. I think
Seoond Mate Murphy was hilied when the boat
struck The two ladies were drowned or killed.
They remained ooo] and culm In the boat and
did just as we told them, betraying no signs
of tear Tie next | knew I oame up under
the boat, and wis then washed out from under
her. The second tme I was washed
ashore [ saw a rock and happened to get hold
of tue stewardess in the water The
surwing sea washed us up and left us dry and
we got away before the next sea broke [he
beuch were we landed was very rough, wib
the ¢ea running very high and breaking with
terrifeforce It wasonly by thehandof Prove
idence that we escaped. We walked vver to
a house a distance of 0 yards, where we were
kindly used and then driveatotown i thing
it impoasible that any of the thirty-tlree pere
sons im the boat or on the steamer could have
escaped, she sank 60 quicaly.”

The Hon. W. S. Fleiding, Canadian Minister

| of Finance, was to have taken paasige on (he

(tty of Monticello for Halifax, and there were
a number of others awaiiug her at Yarmouth,
Uad the disuster occurred as the sleanier Was
leaving Yarmouth, o it was at first reported
it did, the loss of life would have Leeu very
much greater Faiward Ulive, one of the
lost, was the purser on the Dominton
Atlantic Rallway’s steamer Prince Edward,
a rival boat on the same route tle had
gone to Yarmo ith to vote for one of the candi-
dates in the general election and was return-
ing to rejoin his steamer Acting Chier stew-
erd Nathan Hopkins was on the Cit) of Monu-
cello for this trip only, having gone to relieve
bis brother, Ashton, who took the week off
Nathan waa chief steward on the sieumer
Yarmouth Swen Jolinsen Was taking the
plave of Elisha Cook @ Quart and
Fred Hanemverg Was sulbel.li bis
father, lsaac, as O00\

The boat with the four survivors was cast on
the rocks at Pembroke John Wilson, manager
of the Grand Hotel, Yarmouth, went dow:
there to search for hia brother, who ts among
the lost, but ne sign of him or his body was found
There were no traces of any of the bodies and
nothing further could be learned of the wreck
Among those who went to Penbroke waa As-
sistant Manager Metiray of the Yarmouth
lina, but Le had nothing to add to the brief
details of the wreck that were otherwise ob-

 

‘“diteter,

‘uu ior

tained. The storm has destroyed the t!le-
phone line to the coast from Yarmouth so that
further news is not available

The City of Monticello was purchased by the
Yarmouth Steamship Company last year for
$3),000 and they kept $25,000 insurance on her
She was built thirty-six rears ago at Wilmington
and twenty years later was rebuilt at New York.
She wes of 1,034 tons buraen

MONTTOR ARKANSAS LAUNCHED,

Sent Ento the Water at the Newport News
Yard--Her Dimenstons.
Nov. 10.—The United

NEWPONT NEWS, Va,
States monitor Arkansas, bullt by the Newport
News Company, was released this morning

from the waye on which she had rested since

 

 

 

 

 

    

 
  

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

The last we saw of the other boat |
| FUROPRANS NOT ENTHUAIASTIO OVER

Nariing ordered the boats to he |

| Kong says the Britust

“1 da

the summer of 1809. The launca was witnessed
by acrowd numbering probably 5,000spectators,
The sponsor for the new warehl> was Miss
Bot ie Newton Jones of Little Rock, daughter
of Gov. lun W. Jones of the State after which
the vessel was named
The tine set for the launching was 11:03
o'clock, when the tide was hichest, but theevent
was delayed twenty-five n ites to give Gov
Tyler of Virginia an opportunity to nee the
Arkansas go overboard
the tor the monttore, which have
been n aa the Arkansas, Connecticut, Florida
and \ ming, Was vepared by Chiet Cr
structor Philp Michborn It was decued
that the best all-round arrangement that could
be built with the available appropriation waa
the irre with a sinile flanced turret
in the ne forward two
hish igeinch bree rites,
aAwinet aj baen de “ oe vsed
with) <n fess powder I t-ineh rapid-
flre bree | vd} les, also to be doaced
with str ler, Ceconplete the may
bates battery will conssst
of three ra fire and four ;
l-pounder ! e rifles The general
characteristi: f Arkan=ne are’ Tencth
on le ind writer Line, 225 feet: oreadty. extreme at
weer line, 60 feet. meon deaugit at normal
di olacemnent, 12 .eet @ inches morn 1 dis; lees
, ment Atyoyt 70 tone t tail eoal enraeit
loose stows fue bull is of steel
Dot @.eat! foubtle bottom and elose
water-tig divisions Tlere will he ona
military mest, fitted with flahting and esarch
lig t tops Hiever te ire te he etowad
clear o wiaat the wins two, helng the lia
boata, ore arried at favils, @) ae te he autells
how re Vessel wil be driven by twin
BLT ®
The estimated « eed the vessel {a to!
be , twels knots | euficient for a
harbor le"ence “se ‘t is probable, how-
ever, that sie etter speed than
required whe ms love

Nathine bles Se Camtfortable

As the great trainen' tne New York Central whieh
leave forth: Norih ood West eve ;
trac rice. perfee . ty Bour = Seenery.
ufei in the Pines, Lakewood. * 2
" i y
ever) Wey Sin © as) season J. Improved ta

booklet \pok Of plication. Ags

sew managemecat New |

speech to his fellow townamen at Canton the
|

eee

NOVEMBER
FEAR US AS TRADE RIVALS,

 

 

M°RINLEY'S REsELECTIO\N.

| Lord @alisbury's Kind Words De Net Repre-
sent the Feellug of Commercial and Indes
| trial Engliané— Expansion of Our Tr at
| the Expense of Other Nations Certain.
|

 

Special Cable Nespaich to TUR SUN.
Loypon, Nov. 10. -E.glish and European
ex; reesicns of opinion on the reeult of the
Amarican election present curious anoma'ies.
It was to be expected that foreigu views would
be based almost solely on selfish eoneiderationa,
and it te tierefore easy to understand the
McKinley's wiimph was received with ne
enthusiasm on the Continent, especially tp
| Germany and France, it is a strange fact that
Contineta! countries see much more clearly
the impending seizure of foreign markets by
America trade tian does Great Britain, who
will be the eluief sufferer by American eormpe-
| tition,
| It fe because the Republican victory makes
| certain au increase of American trade aa
extent surpassing anyvthiig ever known that
Continental countries view Tuesday's ver-
dict with apprehenaion instead of satisfaction.
Os the other hand, the British voice ta an-
parently unanimous in congratulation at the
vindication of what Lord Salisbury a; ty
designates as commercial honor. The trith
{e that the Preimer's cordial words at Gufldhall

 

are not strictly representative of British oping |

i fon. He voiced the seutiment of social and
| political England, but not of commercial and
ind \etrial Englaud There are many antious
manufacturers in thie country who read in
Tuesday's election returns the deem of their
trade beth at home and abroad) They have
| been aware for some time that theoenly thing
, whieh could avert the disaster at their doors
was the deadly blow to American trade which
the triumph of Aryanism would have inflicted,
A sian of alarm ta apparent on every hand.
Interviews printed yeaterday show that the
‘Yeading financters, manufscturere and labor
leaders agree that very bad times are at hand
for Great Britun. The severe Increase of the
coat of living during the past two yearstsaione
suffictent to bring widespread labor troubles
which all admit cannot muoh longer he averted
These gloomy prephets co not openly assign
American and foreign competition as the chief
caee
A vist! to the International Bhoe and Leather
Fair |.eid in London this week shows that nearly
ja’! the vast array of machinery te American,
| British manufacturers were literally compelled
| to adopt !t. One of the conditions on which
| one remarkable machine Is tistailed ona royalty
| fa that no Engileh machine shall be used in the
| same factory, and Eng ish manufacturers
|
|

find themselves compelled by economical rea-
sons to accept thie restriction, As for the
finished preduet, there are now 1,200 shops
in Grent Britain dealing in American shoes
sold through a aingie a@ nt. Others are
alse rapidiv developing tride What le true
of shoes is true also of almost every line ef
American manufacture

The alarm of an approaching panic has seized
British manufacturera Ther have net given
public expression to thetr feelings, but it may
be taken for granted that ‘he British people
are not so delighted at McKinley's reélection
as the utterances of statesmen and the press
would lead one to suppose) = After mueh search
among the more considered comment on the
election I have been able to find the folowing
bit of wholesome criticiem in the Spectator,
which undoubtedly M Kinley himself would
appreciate as adding walt to the feast of ac-
clamation

‘He doe« not lay his ear to the around out ef
meanness of epirit, but out of a falae concer tion
as to what the Constitution requires of him.
ilis position, in fact, is thus defined in his brief

lay before the election, when he told them that

ey must reverentiy awalt the verdict of the
people That word reverently veveals at once
his character in a weak ileht in the minds of
ieans who cannot Le convinced that the

y of the true statesman, as of any other
, may not be to meet public opinion

Amer
firsta
good mar
wih frank

Phere is a:

 

w industry in Birminghbom itn
Arcerican manufacturers may think it
ot worth their while to compete, It isa crown
nd has rece ved orders fcr teveral
wold crowns set in imitation stones for little

ative kings in Africa. Payment sent te not
in cash but in large invoices of ivory or other
products.

 

whien

makiig fru a

 

LIFE SENTENCE FOR SALSON,

Man Who Tried to Kill “the “Shab Sentenced tn
Parts.
Specia’ Cable Lespatch to THR Sus
The trial of Francis Saison
sate the Shah of Persia,
who bears a good
fa
mal
is

Paris, Nov. te
whoattempted to nssissl:
Saloon,
and citizen, Is @ tir

unitke the traditi
which

wos begun to-day
a soldier
totaily
Lenever he speaks,
Is very iow

wes opened to-day the Judge
He tod of
love affairs and his service

reputation ns
looking person
Anarchist and w
seldom, his voice

When tie cise
began by reciting Salson'« cireer
his life in prison, ils

he bore

in the army, where a good character

lhe also re

Cast:

Judge
kill M
the Re;
nictures ue
of the Shah

ir-Dener, a former President of
whlie, and then preceeded to give a
account of his attempt on the life

During this reeital the prlyoner
obligingivy reetined a number of slight errors
and onidesions made be the Judge. He denied
He went ontosay:
the anarchist
the Shah
him, but not to
gid inv

idahed."

thathe had any accomplices

“1 desired to become useful t
idea. I had no
personally. I w
} outrage his mereonal dignity. Tan
ret produccda raleffect without bic
| Repiyirg to questions by hie counsel, Mattre

grievance against
ised te kill

 

La Gasse, Saison sid he hesitated at first to
kil. the Shah because the ruler of Persia was
the guest of France, but when he learned that
poor Persians were treated as suapleioua per-
from France he became
ved to strike the blow

Salson was convicted and sentenced to penal
servitude for lite Ail the dootc rs who testifed
in the acreed that the prisoner was sane
and responavie for his actions

sons and expelled
rea.goant and resol

DEADLY TYPHOON AT HONG KONG,

British River Gunoboat Sunk-reat Loss of
Life Among Natives,
Liespaich io THE SUN,
A despatoh from Hong
a river gunboat Sandpiper
One sailor was

Snecial Cable
Loxnosx, Nov. 10
Was sunk during a typhoon
drowned

Lhe centre of the typhoonstruck Hong Rong.
It caused great joss of life and inuense
naae lo native craft.
Metcoric Shower Expected on Nov. 14.

Sretal Cane Despatch to THE SUN

Lonpos, Nov. 10 — British astronomers hope
fora br: lint and imposing meteuries vower on
the night of New a! \ reviion o last vear's
cileilad nw)
had beend fle ted mnwoand three-quarter millon
miles frost arth’ track by the influence of
indicates that the #: ream may touch
the earth ths vear, though it is still uncertain.

 

obit

     

our plone

Califercia, Mexico and Central America,

vir Southern Headway, A & WO PW. ofA. L
& N., the pon sie via New Orleaos Special
siztset Limited nex. drawing room sleeping caf,

  
   

leaves .¢
Saturdiy iy
Litived for the

 

ty Tuesday abursdey a
‘are eoonection with the Sunaré
sfc Coast, New York offices, 271

+ aud 1155 Broacway.-Ade

j the

luted Low Saison plotted to |

.
|
|
|
|
|

‘ed that a meteoricstream |

 

 

 

 

BR. BALFOUR PRAIBES GOLP,
Rather He a Scratoh Player Thas a Member
ef Parliament, He Si ys,

Special Cabe Despatch to THe SON,

Lonpos, Now tue lhe Kight Hon. A. a,
| Balfour delighted bis fellow eothusiasts In
| golf yesterday by soiwmnly afirming that |

he would rather be a scratch plaver than @
Member of Parliament. He sald many more
laudatory Wings about the game

Among the merits of goif, to his mind, wae
that it taught a man how to wim and how to
lone, He wae glad that it tang)! one how te
lone, because he had had that experience that
afternoon, and he frankly confessed that he
would rather lose a game than net play at all
He bellevwd that golf was destined to play a
great part ip the social ilfe of the country, a
' much greater part than dreamed of at all at
present. He said he had personal experience
of the great pleasure ft conferred, the reet
it prowided for overworked braine and the
he!p it had given unexereteed muscles,

Another good point about @olf, he anid, te
that it is casentialls a game for every clase
It fs not expensive: at any rate It need not
and ougtit not to he

SUREAD

 

| LEPKOSS'*S IN THE BAST,

 

| Half o Million Cases In India, Chine Has the |

Japan 200,000,
Special Cable Jeapaich to LER SUN,

Lonbuos, Nov. 10. Mr. Stapleton, writing
tothe Temple Magactne on inission work among
lepere makes the follow.ug appalling state-
mente

“India hae about half a million, Cluna nroba-
bly as many and Japan 200,00) registered cases
The moment lepreéy appears i: @ man, woman
for ehild, banishment is irrevocably decreed
| There iano pity or compasion, for lepers, young
| or old, are turned adrift as unclean things
| on the highways and by ways and are dependent
for sibetance sn the casual dolesoffood thrown
‘to them. In India the leper loses oaste which
| regarded the worst doom In Japan he
| ie treated with the greatest cruelty The
'
'

Same and

 

mame ia true in China. The lener there is
often put to death by fire without compuno-
Bion, and religion has not a ruy ef bepe for
him in the next world.”

 

COUNTESS CHOTRK WONT BF QUFEN.

Muegarien Parilament to Accept Archdake
Frans Ferdinaad’s Kenaneiaticn.
| Special Cadle Despatch te THE SUN,
Brpaprret, Nov. 10.-in the lower house of
the Hungasan Parliament vesterday the Govw-
ernment so amended the bill confirming the
renunciation by Archduke Franz Ferdinand
of any clains to the throne on the part of he
wife or children that it was passed to @ second
) reading, which is equivalent to its adontion
The Archduke ocontra‘ted a morganatic nare
Tiare with Countess Sophie Chotek, and before
doing #0 renounced all rights to the throne o!
Austria-Hungary on behalf of his wife and
possibie offepring. The bill created a great row
in the House whon it was cinder discusslon,
the Opposition insisting that the Countess should
be recogmuzed ax Queen. The amendments
agreed to by the ‘iovernment do not alter the
prinoiple of the bill, but appear to have paciled
@ majority of the Opposition

 

CAMPAIGN AGAINST KIPLING,

Hie ‘‘Vuigarities and Abominations Shoulé Be

Allowed to Become Obsulete.”’

Special Cable Despatch te THE SUN.
Lonpon, Nev. 10.— Poet Laureate Avetin's
disapproval of Rudyard Kipiing'’s veree
wellknown. Aingular letter in the Times,
printed in large type and signed “A,” deojaree
“an outepoken utterance ef what many of us

| Orange Free State w

KRUGER A SPECIAL ENVOY,

 

POWFRS FXe
LANDS.

AN APPFAL TO i1HF
PECTED WHEN HE

Will Prebably Ask for a International Cen-
ference on the Fate of the Boer Rupubiice
—How Eugland Will
Buller Seat to Command at Aldershot,

Special Cable Lespaich to THE SUN
Lonpon, Nov. 10.--It has been ascertained
that when ex-l'resident Kroger lands at Mar-
aeilles tue furmal announcement wil be made
that he is a special envoy duly empowered
by the govertments of the Transvaal and

 

on their behalf to the European Powers aud,
if the opportunity aries or je «afforded hin,
to treat for peace with the Lritish Govern
ment on the basis of legisiauve aulonvimn)
for the two republics.

This announcer ent will probably be followed
by a telegrap luc appeal to Europein sovereigns
and the President of tie Untied states for an
international conference upon the future of
thetwo ra Dr Leyds, the Transvad's
representative in Furore, fas prepared tis
ap; eal in accordance with instructions, and it
merely awaita the old resident's s«lenature
Dr Leyds bas assured Kroger that there will
be little difficulty about his being personally
received ty the various sovereiens It seeme
impossible that he can thus delude hin self
Pefore Kriger can makeanaprea tothe Pesens
England wid have formals notified ther of the
annexation of the republics and it would be
an unfriendly act for anv power then to receive
the ex-Piesiden! as an accredited envoy

Lhe news from Buthaviiie tus revived hopes
of the env'log of the war before 1901 It le the
first Lreak in a succession of minor exasperating
reverses in every (juarter aad (ue only striking
BUCK Ass if

ubiles

achieved against De Wet. If it
lessens his prestdwe and ma gnetiain fore: isting

| al) males wherever he appears it wili have ap
| aU important influence toward ending the war,

ia |

have been thinking, that euch epitheta aa Tom. |

‘Abeentminded Begware’ and kindred
le alk

using

mies,’
viugarities and abominations sheuld
lowed to become olsolete, Aly ore
them should be reproved for wantof pro) riety
Austin recently hit at Ky ire when Le re
ferred to Goldsmith's verse as “ar enduring
ravuke to the tawdry vulgarity of writings,
of some overionded with color aud others dis-
flgured with slang, that have earned in these
recent da) saresopmant tf fugitive poy ularity.”

CARLIST UPRISING

Spanish Premier Says This Attempt Marke the
End of Carlism,

Came Despatcn to THY SUN

10 —Gen, Asoarragn, tie Prime

 

 

FAILS,

 

Special
Maprin, Nov

wrist bands reman in Spain and that the
abil failure of the jecon’ atlemptata
uprising probably marked the lastol Carii-a»

DRIVEN OVER MANDA ERCHIEFF SHOAL,

noc

  

 

 

A Schooner, Apparently Without a Crew, Goes

 

Through the Breakers and Drifts away,
Boston, Nov. 10. A severe wester'y gale
prevailed alllast might along Vine ard Sound

and continued this Thing wih unabated
fur At s o'clock @ tvo-ma-ted schooner
of apparendy about 250 toms was sighted drift-
ing down toward the Handserellef shoal un-
| manageable and with her sais blown to rib-
bons. When she struck Ue breakers «weep-
ting over the eho@l she a: peored t Le entre y
engulfed for a thee, ar d when -he reappeared
her tnainmast had gone ve the board if
any of har crew were On board at the time,
inu-t have been swept Inte he ragig

| 8@a

The unfortunate
channe: again and Ja of atubi
down toward the St ul and stone H
both of which were passed without #triking
steamers passed hear the vessel and

raft swept over Into the

@ drifted

     

wove rae,

several
i if there had heen any signs of lie aboard they
| would probabiy have hap édto rea: der sesiccaneoe

From Woods Ho the ort that
the five-masted a« hooner Gov, Ames ia riding
ont the gale off that place and that her salle Mn
badiy torn. The barge Nora, of New York,
beund for Fall River with 1,100 tone of coal
went ashore near Waastehop at midnight ar a

eomes

 
 

      

 

 

ix full of water The Nora was tn tow of the
tug Joseph stick ney eran to leak eo badiv
I that it was ht be oo min before the gale
| Barge Waverley, also In te f the Stickney
| broke adrift and went to nieces of the western

Her crew was saved,

PYVEKGENCY

shore of Iioek Isiand

 

TEST OF THe RATION,

The Fighth Cavalry Makes the Test on a Long
Marchin Ollohoma,

 

 

Fx Revo, Okiaboma Territory, Nov 10—The
emergency ration test has been about vom-
pleted and a report will be made on the ex-
periment to the War Department on Mon-
day. Capt So W Fountay of the Tnghth Cav.

in charge of the troops that Made the
test. suys

The test will prove of erest value in the
future for amnmy records We started from
FE) Reno two weeks eo and marched serose
the Indian reservetions of the Kiowas, ( -
manches avd Apaches to Fort til During
the march the me _'twed wholly upon the
emergency ratior The food went he tt with
the men for the firet few days, but after that
time ther seemed to enjoy it) T think mv
report will erenurage the ar Departrnent

 

to adopt the emergency rat

VOTED FrRoM ate GOAT WAGON,

Who Cov'da't ~ Walk,
Polling Place,
Leter Nichole, a young ian of Flushing,
L. |, lost the use of his) wer ribs and drives
about ina small wacon drawn oy agoat He
wan registered in the Seventh eleetion district
and when he arrived there in hi wagon on
fuesday the aoor wae net wide @nougut. ad-
mit the outfit The polling place was in the
house of the Eronire Hose Comoany and the big

Nichols, Drove Into

   

 

. doors were opened and Nichole drove in He
exiled out his name snd 9 ballot wis given te
him He then drove iin ta one of the boeths

| The boath wis not larce enous’ to dint the

' rig and an election Insnector ified a booth

iwaiteh wae nade of cinvas over near Nichols

The voter lecned inte the booth,
ballot, voted and Grove out

inarked his

 

 

gE. & WwW. Waupan, E.@w.
A New Collar.
Loek Front E&W. Look Prom--Ade

Minister, has tuforined the Queen Kegent that |

 

but it ls douveful if the Boers will ever Lelleve
that he isdeleated. Heand Stern togetiier are
calling upon the burehers to fight and rust
ati) be treated inoat seriously, There are now
two chief Boer fighiug columns operating 400
miles apart, entireiy independent and without
news of each other
the western part of the Orange l'ree Stave and
Botha and \{ooe. in the eastern Transveal,
Oter groups are realy composed of guerrii.as.
Tne uncuanging .air treatment of Britian
prisovuers by the Boers te not recogmzed here
as it Ought to be owing to the bitterness over
the prolon@ation of the war, but [t is imporwat
as erophatically forbidding British extremists’
proposals to shoot every armed Boer at signt,

Sun.

1}, 1900. — COPYRIGHT. 100. BY THE SUN PRINTING | AND PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION THIRTY: TWO PAGIS,

 

eck His Move--Gen, |

make representations |

| battles)
i De) artinent b

' the Latiieshii

be Wet and Stevn are in |

If thia ware done the world would support the |

Czar in revuking Great Britain and recalung
her to her obliaations of c.viced warfare

Bir Alfred Milner's speech has not cleared
up anything, and was in vain as he counseled
submission, The campaign must drag the
entire length of military conquest, abandoning
the ‘dea of reconciliation in this generation
er the next

Meanwhile mining interests have «started
a movement in London against the plan of foro-
{ng the Rand to pay 4 laree share of the war
bill. J. B. Robineon, ©. D. Rudd and lord
Harris, all chairmen of big companies, make
threats amounting to disloyaltv if the mines
are heavily taxed, Sir Michael ticke-Beach
fa the man to resent sich threats. Untorist
oonrmonere denounce the suggestion that
British taxpavere pay a hundred millon pounds
sterling rather than that the Kand ehare-
holders sho wid be disturbed. A prominent sup-
porter of the Ministry says that if the suspicion
af «ach a policy hat arisen in the minds of
eletora at the general ele tion, there would
not have been a tol s!| Government toedar

Since hls return Gen. Buller lias been proving
aa loguacioisas Gen Wiite was alter the relief
of Ladyanuth Gen White was sent to Glb-
ralter for the sake of eilence and Gen. kuller
has been installed in the command at Alder-
shot for tie same pur)ose
Chief Wolseles and he are both angry becanse
the ernment may posetoly seek public
gelf-iustifeations betore Lord Roberta's ré-
@ime dis: lnces their school (en. Luller to-
day pointed out two genuine personal advan-
tages of the Boers Their e:esignt, he ssid,
was two miles better than the liritish, and tier
knowledge of tue haffir tomane enabled them,

(ior

 

by resorting to the native Kraus, to beat tue
British inteliigence Department

MORE FIGHIING REPORIED,
Daring Charge by a Small Body of Boers

—~Sixateen Cansdians Captured bot Freed,

Special Ca ¢ Despatch to THR SUN,

Tonpos, Now ite ahe War Offfoee has ne
ceived the following  despateh from Lard
Roberts, dated Johannesbure, Nov. &

‘Srmuth-Dorren reports that he has had two
days’ hard fighting His casnaities on Nov. 6
were «ik killed and twenty wounded. On Nov
7 the Boers tried to <eice a position on the bank
of the Komati River, fron which they had
been driven the previous day, but Col, Evans,
with the Canadian Mounted Rifles, prevented

them trom doing this

“During the return march of the Canadians
an unprecedented event oecurred Two lie
dred mounted Boers charge | to within seventy
vards of the rearguard velonm the Canadian
Dragoons stopped them. During the fight,
sixteen Canadiaus fea inte the hands of the
Boers, @hey were tre. ad kindly and were

Boers had removed th
duruig which tine the

released atter the er

own dead and wounded,

Canadians were made to le on heir laces,
in order that they might not see Low heavily
the enemy had # Tered

Our casdalie. on Now. 7 were two kiled

and twelve Wounced

A NEW ROFR REPUBLIC,

Barghers Said to Hive Organized One at
Zoutoaneberg.

Special Caove Derpaichk to THE SUN.

Loxbos, Nov. 10 —A curious story has come
fron St. Petersbure to the eect that whe
President Krier reinoved his oapital t) Macha-
doderp a number of burghers who had been
left in the lurch went north and decided to
start thefr own republic at Zoutpansh: re
They \eld the necessiry meetings, declared
Barend Vorster President, Mumnik, the ey.
Linddrost of Boksburg Vice-President, and a
lawver named hrause, a brother of the Com-

mandant of Johannesbure, S secretary

Lansdowne Vraisce War OMce Workers.

Loxposx, Nov. 16.—The Marquis of Lans-
downe, formerly Secretary of State for War
and now Secretary of Statefor Foreign (fairs,
has written a lecter of farewall to Cie oMcials
of the War OMee in which he thanks them for

their services and @aavs that the work they per- |

Con.mander-in- |

formed showed rare and unetinted devotion |

toduty. H Work was atiended wit)
the greatest and that they are en-
tuuled to the highest credit

saves this

Sores

Kroger Leaves Jobitil.
Speetal Cable Despatch to THE SUN

LANDON, Nov 19--A despateh from Jubitil,
In the diulf of Aden, says the Dutch warship
Gelderland. on which ex-i'resident
is a passenger, started at noon yesterday for
Port Said Mr Kriaiver will debark at Mar-
seiles

Heaitn Notice! Use Pat's Chiorides

for household @isinfection. svld by druggisis -Ada

pe =e

 

Cloudy and warmer to-day;

GRORGE CROUCH GORS TO CHOKEK

 

With the Complaint Agetnst George Blatr,
Superintendent of Outdoor Poor,

George Crouch, the Wall Sireet operator
and pamphieteer who was arrested on Sept,
24 upon complaint of George Blair, Superin-
tendent of the Qutdoor Poor, for non-support
of a child, has a grievance ayacjet Blair and
has told Richard Croker al! about it, Mr
Croker has asked for a written statement cover
ing the whole matte:

Crouch was accused of being the father of
the ehild of Edna Critith of 415 Weet Thirty-
fires street. The child died five days after
the arrest and the case wae cropred,

When srrested Crouch sald that he had already
gent Suu to Bliir for Lae child, much more than
the law required, and that bis arrest was the
reault of his refusal *o pay Sy more in a lump
He aleo said that he had reoetved several

eum
lettera from Blur which contained threats and
demands for money

Two dave after election he anw Croker and
showed hin the letters. Mr. Croker asked for
a written statement from Crouch. Crouch
will have that ready for him te-day. Dr W
J. O'Sullivan, who was prevent at the Interview

al the Dey oaritic Club, became the custodiin
of the letters
Supt. Plur aald last night that he wished

Crouch would prefer charve« against him so
that the whole story might be told.

MOROCCO,

TO BACK DEMAND ON

Battleship Kentucky Satie for Algiers and
Niay “top at Tangier
10 ~The departure «ftoe
to-day frou) Gloralvar for
reported in @ leleuwra: the Navy
the Kentueky's commander,
Cheater, revived the report tet
would ato, at lanagier, Morocco,
w back up tie demand of phe United States
for tne payment of $5,000 Indemnity for Ue
murder of Marcus basequl, ap Atweriocan citizen,
by a mob at fez, Morocou. avid office: anid
that no orders for the henvuicky W Bw! KE
‘Lapwier had been ieved, And that she was go-
ing t© Algiers to coal, Stave Dep ertment of. |
@iale decline. to say whether they had assed the’
Navy Vepartineut to bP at Tangier

Wasrivetox, Nov
tp Kentucky
Algiers

Capt. ON

 

(HOSE BABIES UP.

Narse Girls Becam: Chummy and Swapped
Bables Lindverte tly ta a Station.

81 latis, Nov 10.—Nurseegisl souiability
mixed up two babies, threw two mothers
couniptiion fits, made a famuly miss @ tran,
trovlied @ polveman aud aimuused @ crowd wt

MIXED

into

the Union -tation last nikht. Mr ang Mre
G B George of Fort Worth, Tex, end Mre
J.C. Coleman of AUanta, Ga, their babies and

colored nurses play @d the partein thee ene

fue Coleimnans wanted to leave at bi0 PM
the Georses at @:lu Meantime each couple
had decided to dine uptown the hurses wele
left with (ue babies in (he waitines room

l'se gwine lo Chicago,” said Georgiana

[T's wwine there, too, repbedisusconua

Tine tlew after this, The baiwe were
bin nal and forgotten, The olock voorned
S acd WVeorgiana, in terror lest sue shoud ns
the tran, gravee! (he Teasas Laos and ted,
Ansivus M4. vleman was about too bun. e
tie slirange navy in the moving train when
ale dscovered it Was not har own,

» baby! t.idmy lost Aim@” «Le elirieked
at the wir Tdke tile brat away and find ny
own during,” Mrs. George Was cryig to
the eliaxing Susinia, lheu the search was
warted, [wo franttio women hintirg lost
babies were faliowed by two terrified nurse
@icis. Pinay the mothere met, babies were
ewipped and bot) families wasted for We mid-
magat train.

 

 

 

 

 

SHERIFF BESIEGED

Rangcre Sent to Dicarm an the Ciuzens ef
Andersen—Jall Now a Fort.

AvatrN, Tex, Nov. 10.—As a@ result of a po-
Itical fight at Anderson on Wed:esJay night ia
waioh three men were billed Ad) -cen Tuomas
Seurry reached that place this morning, and
Capt. Willam Meclonald and other State Ran-
@ers ieft forthe scene te-niaht The eliuation
at Anderson is reporteJ as critical, anda battle
betveen the opposing political factions may
oceur any moment Sherk? ¢
about twenty men whe side with hin are barri-
caded in the county ,el nal shots are
exchanged with the a dren whe have them

TBXAS

Occasi

 

     

 

 

besieged The ex ott ent in the town is ine
tense All business las been spended for
three dars, and every man in te piace is a@
walkite arsenal

i- revortaed that 4d{it-Gen. Seurm and
the i anvers wil heg in tie work of dsarnming
e erytx i tie town teernorrow Even
tue peri’ ai a de utes wil, be disarmed
bhi ood no tts id hie foteer wil! acean esoort
out of the oount fry Ad t-foen. seurry
It is thoucht thet the will not beattacked
b, armed men after they eet co) tof town

 

THIEVES LOCK UP 4 TOWN

Put Him to Jatt and ‘Then Start to Roba Bank
—\-arcglar Alarm Scares Them.

WARSH il,

 

 

 

  

   

A Boy Puoptl of the Cally Union School Bonnd
and Gagged and Carried Int» the Woods,

Binonam on, No ¥, Nov 10 —Arthur Jones,
a voong man of Traxton, was abducted and
hard by aputy of tudignant girl pupils from
the Tully Union Senool Several secret
Gietiaa exis? among the purils of the inati-
tution, and ch rivairy has been developed
between the boys and girls It was char ged
that Jones lad sseaeed jimself of c i
signe and secret inferroation of ,

A they deter
ded in weelay

       

iv he
lle was thi irried pateh of woods, et "i
Alter an i tion iat Was more | reaty
tha: ne was leit to free bi f and
retur , a} e could lt is said that
t we .¢ zg wae wild
ed with the ® reeepton arranged

 

b the angered s

 

THY “VERDICT SUSPENDS,
Said to Her Cost O. HP. Re'mont About
#30, 000 |) Twe Ve re.
The Virdict, O. HH. Po Beliavont’s Ubietrated
political wee Ir, is te ease publeation
| with the eurrent issue, Under t wiuidance
| oP Alttad Honey Laie Beli as phe
lished his free silver, anti-supraine Court
periodalf rowstaboutteoyears, According
} te Sir, Lewis the lation gor ‘ heh
ax Son t om In apite of that t 6
weekly deficit did net helow $2
| Mr. belmonta« boss is estima ed to
fin

hracer |

SENATOR DAVIS GROWS WORSE,

Ampatatton of the a -cted Foot Now Con-
sidered Necessarr.

Sr Pa Minn, Nov. 1 Seoutor Davis's
condition | as grown worse to-day, and further
amputation of the affectodf IS thought meee
ernear sre etivesareall gather ng here and
saFevonca salaried. seuator Davis @ blood
vison ag ftou tue die of lis stocal g getting
into @ stn ililecuton hs ioe

Evans’ Ale and Stout
orn, pomeet~net alone in brewing, but to botiling. =

 

{

» but usual

|

dourt and.

 

fair to-moiiow.

PRICE. FIVE. CENTS.

eee

MAISON RAN DIVORCE MILL,

 

WORTH) SUCCESSOR OF HOUSE, WHICH
1S HIS NAME BNGLISHED,

Four-Barrelied Pistol, Sach as House Was
Killed With, Poand tn Mateon’s Desk With

a Stack of Documents Showing Clients All
Over the World Zcimer Appears to Have
Got 83 Once ina While—He Himself Seems

te Lave Obvained Only Ten Decrees by
Praud--"'ore Accomplices Whe Are Wanted.
The real head of the fraudulent divorce gang
of which Ink SUN told yesterday was ap-
parenth not ifenr. Zeimer, the attorney who
with one of the professional witnesses of the

gang, Frank Wilson, is now loeed up in the
Tombs, but was WoW Le al or W. Waldo
Maison or Royal Wo Maison, or whatever his

real name may be
there fs a halt tn
District Attorney's
of all the facts
Madson was the man whe did all the adver-
thing iie got the clients. Sometimes he
appevred as the attorues for the plaintiffs’
he put Celmer in this role while
he acted for the defence or else used the name

lie has disappeared and
the progress made by the
office In the laying bare

of a fletitfous person ae attorney for the de-
fence. A search warrant was emploved vee
terda, to get at the paners in Matson's office
At 230 Hroudwa This wes uiso Zelmer's
office, The two ten hai desks in the same
room and after © search through thelr papers

enough data were oli.
them

A coincidence of curtous interest to old timers
is that a four-barrelled pistol, of a lind seen
ottener twenty-five years ago than to-day,

jued to setile both of

was found yesterday tn Malson’s desk at 230
Broadway and that Maison {s French for
Hovse”  Orsen Alonvo Moore House, whom

his wife reve shot with a four-barre :ed plevol
fn) July, 1876, wae prol bly the most notorous
of all New York divorce lawyers. His offices

Were at 1% Hroadway where his #lgn read
“M. House” and, uncer tuat, “0. A. House,
attorney and oounselor.” It was he who

got Josie Mansfeld a divoree to ob.ige Jim
Fisk, and he Woasted that he had obtained 600
divorce decrees in ten years. IHiis adver-
tisernent read “$25 and no pubilcity.” He
et @ divorce for lrene Anderson, née Van
Sant, and married her She shot yim, and
then, as appeared at the tire, but was de
vided om her triad, House's brother brad wanted
to marry her. Sie was acquitted of murder
and declared insane

All the macidnery of the later divorce mill
was jound ye-teriay as Milson had letlt wien
heed on learning of /eimer's arrest. There
were divorce application Llanks, sore of them
ali iillied out: photographie which were to be
used for purposes o) identification by the wit-
nesses belore reverees the papers in many of
the fraudulent cases now pending: letters from
clleiuts asking how their cases were getting on:
bewapeper clippings concerning divorces, and
other evel matter snowing the Inner workings
ofthe salll, Ifthe detectives can only lay thelr
bands on Malson they will be in a position
to prevent tdi from doing any more business
for aoine time to come. At least three other
persons Lesides Maison are “wanted.”

FOUND & VICTURK OF MAISON,

ihe search warrant which let In the addi-
tional light on the case was sworn out before
Recorder Gell by Awistant District Attorneys
Unger and Gordon. ite technical purpose
was toget possession of an affidavit In the lier-
rick divorce case. Tile was the case which
was heard before Keteree tiubbard at % Wall

street and resulted in tne arrest of Zeimer
and Wison. Unger and Gordon, acoompanied
by Detectives Cull and MoNanue@it, went to
Milaon's office early in the afternoon The
bulluing directory vears, oppenite room 2
tue two names Maison and kosal, the
directivy over the otver, with no and Koom
20 |e 2 the alxth floor, On ita door in gold

ae" tg ee “Royal and Maison the
anitor of din ng bhugene saint Luce,
a colored on. opened the door ihe room

is divided by partitions inte two srioll rooms
with a tiny ante room in each of the rooms
tere was « desk. One was Zeinuers, toe
otoer Milgon’s Zetmer's nance waa bet lo be

geen anywhere about the place
ve Wabool toe place wee covered with the
« sort of pictures, mostly chromos,
me them was ¢ ph fan el lerly
and mustache,

ma) with a long eras
ratier <lender in appearance Lhi< was Matson

   

  

or Kove), secording t) (he janitor, who said (hat
he went by bet imes fle heed the rooms
poe W. Koyal but he ewelved mau under both

ree and lbs Olstiess octus Which were found
read

W WALDY MAISON,
Allorney and ( ounseie

229 Broaiwiy, New York

 

It will be noticed that the card does not say

 
   

 

   

Nori Bexy, Neb, Nov. tu. Robbers locked | “attorney and counsellor-at-law,” and so far
! % {) Je ! as the detecil es have Dee iboe te learn there
the town Marsia! in jall last night and proe ; & + .
oveded to rob the bank Marshal Thompson | Is Lu Pees rd auyw ere of the right of Uds man
oe ; = : . } to practi#e law
accosted four me: asked them to explain | DI\ORCE CRIST IN MAISON'S DFSK
t Presence Tiuev said that they were | When Mai-on's desk was broken onen there
looking for a hotel. [le was Uius thrown off | was found a lot of « ‘cane palers. Unger
: and ¢ fon t th in tt
ile guard fora moment and the robbers waking nd Gordon ooh onoet these in the
ete. "tt eo ait Bey ‘ow rhowered Kh | Herrick vase onty,b hile thee were rum-
and toa ft | ds keys and other effects Inel luding i maging through the bundle) ayers in the cases
afew do ot Rese fumooety ve. Bernard Tumbbery
' sail Nort ‘ I TO
M 5 ompaon made noise enough to | & id vames ii ‘ bove, della Norton were
i “hhomes vit pide 1 wos 15 git | netued In thi ivsk was fe da bok of
¢ . fa drucken veth wea i i ern ereat mmnar fwhich had heen
Hitle atrentior nen After) ; id “Reeeived from Mr, duabse
disposed of t rdfan on duty in N or as here ee various
Bond, the rob ye me of s.eleten ke liferent re #iyts, mostly
entered the Bonk of Nort) Bend and made Ho) $5 Ore recent was
thelr way tot vanite There the Infr- | ors . § ane WOOF se largest
wetody seto® the burwlar alaren which rare | i ; flrid ea bhai
hem awa Thay flod preci: trate ‘ouving | ap tiat e divorce whieh wh wed how
thel- tools behind. 4 party velibenteg | The feasiiy opconized the busiress was, Here
the Marshal
HAZED RY THY GIRL PUPIIA,

is one Of tlese blanks
ATION FOR Livonce

bust OMce address?

APPL

Your name in fui

Wihvere married” Wuen mar
ried siave you ebildren®
vuines and ages ‘iio 68s possession?
tiave you real estate Your
ore :pation are you itving with defen
4 Tate of s@paration

  

   
 

    

eave defencant Name of de
lost Office addresa

ue real estate Wou'd
( divorce Your cause
wo you oblect to publicity’
I lereby non inate. oon
atitete and ap int Ww Walio Maison my attorney
A agent to “ rit a divorce And nerely
@uinor iin bo Dele the sult ip any place that be

mays ir s Judgnie tA thing best

Viwres

ne of these blanks were filled out. One
seicned by “Fd jameson, care of Mrs. Gren-
‘ 44 Vest Fifty. firat street,” atated that
. hand wasa member of the (asino com-
be sad that he had deserted her and her
» fhena of Hi. Vhewps was down
a~' a“ for the defendant. Another
boundeof these blanks whieh had been filed
outt rhe top sin one slened by ace h
Lindauer of “4. Tenth avenue, fr we Ase
7 er oly atped a reference before Justice

Marean in Brooklyn
PORTO RICO AND FUROPE.
There were a lot of photographs of fromen.

CLIFNTS IN

   
 

  

 

 

 

 

 

Tie-e@ were marked as echibits, showing thete
' oe, Tt Old-fashionea four barreced
i rer was i @ OF Me s drawers.
liee were least two hur ‘dletters froma
Al over the country wouth Ame a. borte
Rico and ey rope tu ke d into the plaeon
holes of the desk, One postal card was from
An ie Briges of 16106 ewe etren Niddetown,
‘ ’ asking how her eose «woe cre ine
Anw there! the levers wa. addres Fogel
W. Malson, ues didn't t 1. went lee
man. On his door Rova is sreled with one
“)" In the Cortelwon divorce pavers on Me
In the County (Clerk's office the nare Reval
Was spelled with an extra “i, with thefaltlas
ws

Vrvong other things fe nd wa corlidents
of tecorporation tert Monne eure Beek-
ing Coppany, showing t ‘en a‘ "AS more
or lees ! In Ader 1 .k there was
nhovt the awme lot oftr ok Arop ron @hich
Z ite p's addr " @yonas 101° Hoe avenue

TFlerids, Coba end the South,

viaP RR s utvern Reftiway Porect @intn
and sire rart vet York offees, 27) an
1143 Broadway

Woodenes's Wind Puls cure wi. d, ind
Stomachtroubles 250 Ltud,istor i9e

 

  

(ene