= eee wet nnn ene ee me

VOL. LXXIV.—NO. 361.

 

  

 

PROMOTER LOST HIS STOCK

 

 

WAKES UP TO FIND {1 AT A
POLICE STATION.
Allison Thinks He Was Drugged After

Meeting Compantonable stranger —But
Who Was the Stecpy Person Who Left
Certifentes at the Amherst Hotel?

Walter G. Allison, promoter, walked into
the West Forty-seventh street police station
yesterday afternoon and said he was the
owner of 11,000 shares of International
Motor Vehicle Company stock, par value
$110,000 (market value not specified), which
had been delivered to the police early
in the morning by James F. Connell,
proprietor of the Amberet Hotel at
Seventh avenue and Fifty-third street.
Allison looked a little the worse for wear,
but he knew the stock certificates all right
as soon as he aaw them. Nevertheless,
the police, acting on the advice of his
friends, decided to hold thema little longer.

Allison remembers that he had the stocks
when he entered a saloon in Church street
last Friday afternoon. He is naturally
companionable and easily fell into a con-
versation with a stranger who was leaning
against the bar. He ia certain he must
have been drugged because he couldn't
recall a thing that had happened after
that until he came to hie senses yesterday
morning in a hotel in the Tenderloin.

The stocks came into the hands of Pro-
prietor Connell of the Amherst about 1:30
o'clock yesterday morning, when one of
his lodgers, J. Luke of Chicago, walked

into the barroom and handed them over. |

Luke told the proprietor that he had found
the man with the stocks in a Third avenue
ealoon Sunday afternoon and had taken
him to his room to protect him. After
they got to the Amherst Luke asked his
companion where he had got the stocks,
aod the helpless companion, according
to Luke, said be had made a “touch” over
im Jersey.

That was enough for Luke. He didn't
want to be mixed up in any scrape, and,
besides, there might be a reward. He
would leave his “friend,” who was snoring
away at a good clip by that time, in the
room and he would go out and look into the
matter of a reward. Perhaps he would
find friends who would advise him what
to do. He was gone an hour or two, and
when he returned to his room his com-
panion hed disappeared, leaving his hat,
the etocks and a bankbook made out in
the name of Jane Colbin Allison of Leonia,
N.J.

The bankbook showed deposits amount-
ing to $2,000. Luke knew it was up to him
then to report the case at once, reward
or no reward, and he brought everything
down to Proprietor Connell.

dim, the colored bellboy who had heard
the oenversation between the proprietor
and Luke, began to evratch his head, and
then he recalled that he hud led ~ trouble-

some man down from the floor wh ere Luke

has his- room and steered him through
the door into the street. Jim had found
the man sleeping in the hallway with bis
coat on in front of Luke’s door. His hut
veasn’t in ¢izht and he couldn't tell where
he had left it. Jim didn’t know where to
look because the man said he didn't have
any room im the hotel

Luke said that the description of this |
ran tallied pretty well with that of the |

one he had been protecting. Whereupon
Proprietor Connell got busy at the tele-
phone and Luke went up to his room, When
two detectives from the West Forty-seventh
street ‘station arrived Luke was not to be

found and he hasn't been seen since at the |

hotel.

The firat Allison knew about his stock
cortifieates being in the hands of the police
wes when he picked up a paper yesterday
efternoon. The 11,000 shares were in two

csrtificates, one of 10.000 shares being in |

the name of M. E. Raird. The other was
in the name of John Chisman.

Allicon gave his address as 115 Broadway,
cere of the Carnegie Trust Company. The
ofcers of that company said they had
nothing to do with Allison. He ‘was a
hookkeeper for the company when it was
organized and had served as one of the
dummy directors merely for the purposes
of organization. Business directories give
‘ilison as a director of the Carnegie Safe
Deposit Company. but it was denied that
he was connected with that company.
The Carnegie Trust Company officers said
that Allison had represented them for a
few weeks as a solicitor of business but
lad been let go.

The Carnegie Trust Compatty people re-
ferred reporters to the International Motor
Vehicle Company's offices at 203 Broad-
way. The company apparently has desk
room in the office of the Baird & Banks
Co., dealers in motor supplies. Mr. Baird,
the owner of the 10,000 shares at the police
station, didn’t know that the stock had been
lost. He didn’t explain how Allison hap-
pened to be running around with this big
block of stock in his pocket.

Baird wanted it understood that he isn’t
an officer of the International company.
He didn’t know who the offlcers were, but
he thought it had been the intention of the
company to make Allison one of them.
He said the company hadn't been organized
long. It is capitalized at $5,000,000. Baird
thought that the stock was selling at par.
He didn’t know how much had been paid in.
Allison, he surmised, might have been
out soliciting “investors” when the accident
happened.

One of the men associated with Allison
in the International is E. J. Pennington, who
invented a so-called airship and exhibited
it at the Chicago World's Fair. The airship
made a hit until it was disoovered that it
couldn't fly.

The Internationa) hasn't any plant of its
own yet; that’s coming after a lot of the
stock has been sold at par. For the present
the company is having its supplies manu-
factured by another company.

Cnet pone
DANNUNZIO HAS SPEED MANIA,

Italian Novelist to Ran His Motor Car at
80 Miles an Hour—Will Made.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THB Suw.

Rog, Aug. 26.-Automobile races near
Brescia have given the novelist and poet
Gabriele d’Annunzio an opportunity to
present himeelf afresh to the world.

He announces that he will drive his car
at a speed of eighty miles an hour. Ho
has already made his will but says he is
certain he will not die before the day in
1909 when, according to the prophecy of a
witch, he will be stabbed by a jealous lover.

 

 

~ we elite ane Ps Lay

A eee ee se se

eee

 

  

 

Waterson Crowd Went to Help the Chie
of Police Answer a Letter.
Paterson, N. J., Aug. 26.—Chief of
Police John Bimeon to-day received a
communication signed “Black Hand” and
directing him to appear at Madison avenue
and Market street at 8 o'clock to-night and

 

there. The chief went to keep the engage-

and children there. They had heacd that
the head of the police department and
wanted to see what would happen. The
locality specified in the letter is about a
mile and a half from the centre of the city
and a quiet residential neiaht orhood
Chief Bimson was surprised to see the
throng. He regarded the Black Hand letter
as either a joke or the work of a crank,
but had made up hie mind to see the thing
out.
about half an hour and found it necessary
to steal away from the crowd
About three weeks ago Nicholas Sportelly
and Frank Fasvli were arrested as agents
of the Black Hand Society They had sent
a letter to an Italian barber directing him
| to meet them at Madison avenue and Mar-
! ket ecreet, prepared to hand over $250 in an
envelope. The police instructed the barber
to be at the place designated. Capt Taylor
; and Detective Sergeant Lord were in hiding
; and they pounced upon a gang of five men
| who approached the barber They got

 

 

three of them

| ROBBED OF 41,500.
| Three Men Hola Up a Tatior Within a Few
| Mocks of Potice Headquarters.

Three men held up and robbed Max

 

terday afternoon
Cohen, who is «a small man, has had a

contract with the firm of I. Golland’s Sons |

} to do tailoring work. It has heen Cohen's
custom to go to
salary list. Yesferday Cohen drew the
usual $1,500 When he returned to the
building at 7 Bond street three men met
him in the hallway. One of the men hit
i him on the head, another grappled with

 

| him and the third stole a wallet in which
he was carrying the money collected from
Golland. Refore Cohen was able to yell

| for help the men had disappearel Cohen
was a mass of bruises.
| When he got to his feet Cohen gave chase
| but he was outdistanced, and although he
called for help a hig crowd in Broadway
raid no attention to him and the men got
away. Cohen kept on running untilhe got
to Polite Headquarters, where he met
Fourth Deputy Commiasioner Woeds com-
ing out of the building. He told his story
and Commissioner Woods sent out a squad
of detectives, but Cohen was unable to give
an accurate description of his assailants
The detoctives believe that the job was
| pulled off by some one familiar with the
fact that Cohen was in the habit of drawing
a Jarge sum of money every Monday

 

 

NEBRASKA MURDERER LYNCHED,

——-

| Mob Takes Prisoner Prom Train After
} Disarming Sherift and Guord.
'  Omana, Aug. 26.—-Lewis K. Higgins, who

| murdered Walter L. Copple and his wife
at their home, near Rosalie, last Mawand
then threw their dead bodies into a hog
pen, was lynched by neighbors and friends

morning as tre was being taken by officers
from Omaha to Pender to stand trial
When the train arrived at Bancroft the

and compelled the engineer to uncouple
his locomotive and run it up the ‘track.
Then they entered the baggage car, where
Sheriff Young of Thurston county and
Deputy Sheriff Newell bad Higgins, anc
threw a rope around the neck of the mur-
derer

The officers drew their revolvers, but
were knocked down and disarmed. Hig-
gins was led out of the car and was marched

permitted to make a brief statement in
which he confessed his guiit. and to offer
a prayer, he was hung from a bridge. His
body was riddled with bullets.

Higgins was 26 years old and was born
at Hinsdale, N
Mrs. Cora Higgins. lives at Denver, where
she is a trained nurse His parents are
separated, his father living in Idaho

LOSE HOPE FOR BURIED MINERS,

Relatives Hardty Expect Them to Be Saved
—Kescue Work Going On.

WILKESBARRY, Pa Aug. 26.—Some of
the relatives of the four men who have
been entombed in the Pennsylvania Coal
Company's colliery for one hundred hours
to-day gave up hope of their being reached
alive and this afternoon were not at their
accustomed posts near the mouth of the
shaft waiting for news.

Officials of the company who have been
tireless in their efforts to reach the men
say they still have a little hope that the

| men are alive, but that the chances are
agrinet them. Eighty men were working
| to-day driving passageways from two
directions toward the spot where the en-
tombed men are, but their progress is slow.
Already over five hundred props have
been placed to support the roof of the pas-
sage they are making and the officials have
ordered 900 more. So extensive was the
j fall of roof which entombed the men that
the officials are not now risking any pre-
dictions as to when they will reach them.

 

Methodist Dignitary Says Chorch Most Go
After the People.

Cincinnati, Aug. 26.—Bishop John M.
Walden of the Methodist Episcopal Church,
who has had his headquarters in the Metho-
dist Book Concern Building in thie city for
a number of years, addre:sed a street crowd

at one of the prominent downtown street |

corners Saturday night and may take part
regularly in the street meetings hereafter
“If the people will not come to church, as
appears nowadays to be the case, the church
must go to the people,” said Bishop Walden

to-day in discussing the incident of Satur- |

day night.
nity than spreading the gospel even under
the most lowly surroundings. Methodist
ministers of this city are now agitating
the establishment of tent meetings to be
held in the densely populated parts of the
city and we hope to have the movement
fully under way in a very short time.”

ee ee

GRAPE JUICE.

3 Bema ene OE vo,

BISHOP PREACHES IN STREET,

modation», $10 or $12, according After all, USHER’S the Seotcn
Ade. ahat made the highDall famous.—Aér.
~ 9
i iit d si Ml DONIUIE 5S YAD ANd Ui a SS eA sate ls) ati ele aS i di is

eee eeGeeee -eeewee- «cure eet
= ee -
— a

*NEW

eee

| Yooo 10 SEL BLACK er ee | POISON LAYS FIREMEN LOW |

hand over $250 to an agent who would be |

ment, but not to pay the money, and found |
a crowd of more than 2,000 men, women |

a threatening letter had been received by |

He remained in the neighborhood |

Cohen, a member of the firm of Barnett & |
Cohen, tailors at 7 Bond street, of $1,500 in |
cash in the haliway of that building yes- |

jolland’s for his weekly |

of the murdered couple at Bancroft this |

Ivnchers stepped from behind an elevator |

a mile north of the town, where after being |

H. Higgins’s mother, |

“There can be no greater dig- |

VAY, AUG

——— .-

YORK. TUES

 

FIVE IN HOSPITAL AFTER BLAZE
IN DYE WAREHOUSE,

Many Others Affected—Cases That Puszie

the Surgeon-One Man's Blood De-

| stroyed —The Fire itself Seon Deoused,

Theugh tt Scared the Syrian Quarter.

 

The firemen who answered two alarms
for a fire at 32 Washington street yesterday
morning and put the blaze out of business
in jig time didn't figure on after effects.
The fire was confined to the two upper floors
of Hagan & Co.'s warehouse. Smoke rolled
| out of the building in great volume and
| spread over the financial district in such a
heavy pall that the sun didn’t shine on Wall
street or lower Broadway for some time

Deputy Chiefs Binns and Guerip got their
| heads together and decided that the way to
) get the fire on the run was to drown it.
| With water towers dumping in torrents, en-
gines hurling gallons in rapid fire and a pair
| of fireboats gushing salt water up from the
river by the ton, the fire soon gave up the
'
{
|

ghost
The firemen went through the burning

upper floors as if they were going to a tea

party, but they staggered out sniffing and
, red eyed

“I don't know what it is,” said a veteran
smoke eater, “but there is something in
that smoke that's holier than I've ever
tackled before.
| It was some time after the fire had been
practically extinguished and a few firemen
were ordered to take hand lines and wet
don the floors that the fire fighters found
out just what made the smoke so irritating.
Stored on the two burning floors were quan-
tities of aniline salts, potash, lye and other
stuff used in dyeing

The firemen, their eyes badly swollen and
their noses itching and burning, wandered
away and tried to forget the fire. They
| couldn't. Last night five had been sent to
' the hospital suffering from poison and
|

| smoke

While the smoke fumes gave the men
badly irritated throate and eyes, the cause
of worry for Department Surgeon Herman
L, Reis and the hospital physicians is the
dye poisoning. The men waded about
in pools of dyed water, The dye got in con-
tact with their flesh and into their blood.
so powerful was the stuff that it ate through
the stitching of the boote and into the feet
of the men.

Fellows, an engineer with Engine 6 in
Liberty street, is in a critical state. Little
hope is held out for his recovery. Fellows
had several holes in his boots and the poison
soaked into his feet. Like the others

affected, he was seized late in the afternoon |

| with violent beadaches and then nausea.
Surgeon Reis tapped Fellows and found

had heen practically destroyed. The blood

was brown.

All the other firemen taken to the hospital
are suffering from this poisoning, although
none ie so badly afiected as is Fellows.
Jobn Mackenzie of Engine 6 is suffering
| from smoke narcosis and from analine
poisoning es a result of getting the stuff
on his hands. Like Feltows he didn't begin
to feel the effects of the poisoning until
along in the afternoon. Mackenzie only
recently returned to duty after being laid
up from a bad knockout he received from
a broken gas pipe in a fire in the cellar of a
Fulton street paint shop not long ago

Clarence Connolly of Truck 15 in Old Slip
began to have headaches and then to be
' nauseated about sundown last night. He
| was hurried to the Hudson street hospital.
He waa poisoned by the dyestuff, in addition
to narcosis brought on by inhaling the fumes
from the stuff.

When the others were getting roady
for supper ‘ast night in the headquarters
'of Truck 10 in Fulton street Firemen
George Peterson and John Nichols found
they had no appetite. Instead they had
headaches and were very sick Surgeon
| Reis came around and after a look at them
| had them carted off to the hospital. They
| had got the poison on their feet aud hands
| and it had got into their blood. Another
| fireman in the same company was suffering
in a similar manner He pleaded to be

eft at his station and was put to bed there. |

The poisoning has caused a great stir
among the firemen.
to them. Never before have the members
| of the Fire Department struck such a

strange happening. Chief Croker became
greatly interested in the cases when he
returned to town last night. Surgeon Reis
made a full report on the cases to him.

The fire caused alot of excitement in the
| Syrian quarter, It looked like a bad blaze
for a time, and the Syrians, Greeks, Turks,
Armenians and even the few Irish that
live in that section began to pack up house-
hold goods and make preparations for a
hurried moving. The police reserves from
several downtown precincts had all they
could do to keep these people from hurling
their household goods into the street.

Chief Binns said that $60,000 would be a
liberal estimate of the damage

 

 

RICH MAN STARVES TO DEATH,

Wife Had Left George Gould of New
Rochelle Because Ne Was So Stingy.
George Gould, 65 years old, who was one
of New Rochelle’s wealthiest men. died
yesterday in the New Rochelle Hospital
from starvation and exposure. He ac-
cumulated a fortune in the plumbing buei-
nees some years ago and invested it in rea
estate in New Rochelle. He built up a
section known as Highland Park and de-
veloped it, and is said to have made more
' than $100,000 profit from that one invest-
ment.
Gould lived in a ten room house with
his wife and family until recently, when
| his wife came to New York city. She left
| him, she said, because he was so stingy
that he starved her and allowed her but
one egg a day to subsist on. After his wife
left him Gould barred the rest of the family
from the house.
| Neighbors had missed him for some
, time recently and yesterday some of them
| went to the house to see if anything was
wrong with the old man. They found the
doors to the house locked, and upon break-
ing in found Gould lying on the floor in a
pitiable condition and almost starved.
Dr. Lockwood was summoned, but the old
~~ died later in the hospital.
is wife was notified last night and she
left for New Rochelle.

|

 

 

LABOR DAY ATLANTIO CITY TO

Wa Pennsylvania Rallroad, August 41.
cover encarta and two hotel accom-
Ht hete) selected

UST 27, 1907

 

that the blood in the lower yart of his body |

that fléwed from bis veins after the tapping |

It is something new |

re cre nae eae

 

o— Copyright, 1907,

   
    

SHIP TURNS TURTLE.

Two Hundred Passengers Barely Kscape
| as Veose! Rolis Over at Dock.
San Francisco, Aug. 26.--The steamer
| Acapuleo, which was to have sailed for
Panama to-day at 1 o'clock, turned turtle
and is lying at the bottom of the bay along,-
side the Pacifie Mail dock, with only part
of her main deck and superstructure show-
ing above water. The 200 people she had
on board escaped to the wharf,

At 12:0 o'cloc’ ost of the passengers

 

|

the dock and in the cabins bidding them
| farewell when the boat began listing to
starboard

Coal was being loaded into the hold and
the motion was not noticed at first, but as
soon a6 the crew realized the danger the
passengers were warned to get on deck
as quickly as possible. Then before they
had time to obey the ship began to go down
heavily on the starboard side, throwing
many t.om their feet.

portholes and there then followed a panic
among the passengers to get up on the
main deck and over the side. The crew
worked at the gangways keeping order,
and before the ship got over on her side the
passengers were all out and gafe upon the
deck.

It seems that the cause of the trouble
was carelessness. The vessel was over-
loaded and the crew left portholes open, so
she filled, careened and aank. She can he
raised in two or three days :

DEMANDS SEVEREST PENALTY.

Itussian Prosecutor Weepa Over Pitot
Against) the Czar We Couldn't Prove
Spretal Cable Desparch to TuR SUx

St. PeTerssurc, Aug. 26.—The trial
of the eighteen prisoners accused of con-
spiring against the life of the Czar ie near-
ing its conclusion The crown prosecutor
summed up to-day, basing his arguments
on the assertions of the secret police, which
he declared should be accepted. He said
it was the duty of the court to give the ac-
cused the severest punishment.

He dwelt with horror upon the plot to
murder the monarch who had given a
cons'itution to Russia and concluded
tearfully, saying:
drew up the accusation, but do not touch
our sovereign.”

The strongest argument adduced against
Prokofiwa and Righet was that they knew
| the idea of a plot extsted and did not inform
the police. Hence they must accept re-
sponsibility.

The accused, pspecially the women,
listened with apparent indifference as the
prosecution demanded their condemnation.
All St. Petersburg is talking about the
rottenness of the prosecution's cage.

 

a

 

TAFT SPEAKS TO 15,000,

| Addresses the Biggest Meeting Kver Held
| im Southwest Mixsourt.
i

 

SPRINGFIELD, Mo., Aug. 26.--Secretary
Taft addressed 15,000 persons in Central
Park, thie city, early to-night, the largest
political gathering in southwest Missouri's

history.

Afterward he attendeda banquet. Among |
the speakers were National Committee- |

man Thomas J. Akins, St. Louis; Walter #.
| Dickey, Kanraas City, and John T. Wood-
| ruff, Springfield.

Before leaving for Kansas City to-mor- |

row morning Mr. Taft will be driven to the
| National Cemetery over the National
| Boulevard, for which a $30,000 appropria-
tion is sought from Congress.

| Mr. Taft reiterated the sentiments of
'

| Mr. Taft was booked for three speeches
in Jasper county to-day. He delivered
one in Joplin this morning, one in Webb City
shortly afternoon and another later this

| his Columbus, Ohio, speech here.

afternoon in Carthage, the county seat. He |

will be in Kansas City to-morrow night.
Mr. Taft will be the guest of honor at a
banquet to-morrow morning in Spring-
field. This banquet came very near pre-
cipitating hostilities between the silk stock -
ing and cotton sock factions of the local
G. 0. P. The arrangements committee
| fixed the price of the banquet at %5 a plate.
This raised a storm and the cotton socks
vowed =“ oe appeal to the Secretary
hirneelf. is caused the committee to
mark down the banquet to $2.

{

| PREPARING FOR TAFT.

 

(rutser Chattanooga at Vinsivosink te See
About Landing Him There Later.

' WasHinaton, Aug. 26.—The gunboat
| Chattanooga haa put in at Vladivostok
to ascertain whether it will be possible

 

| by the middle of November, when Secretary

Taft expects to reach there to take the Trans-

Siberian Railway on his way home from
| the Philippines.

Secretary Taft expects to reach Viadi-
vostok by November 12, but as the ice
begins to form there before that time there
has been some apprehension as to the
ability of a boat the size of the Chattanooga
getting into the harbor. The Russian
Government maintains at that port the
largest ice breaker in the world, and it is
believed that unless the weather is un-

usually severe. the Chattanooga or a sister |

ship will be able to land the Secretary
and his party there without difficulty.

 

THANKS THE SWORD FOR PEACE,

Reply of the Kaiser to Address of Burgeo.
master of Hanover.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SuN.
Hanover, Aug. 26.—Replying to the
Burgomaster’s address of weloome upon
the occasion of the Kaieer’s official entry
into Hanover to-day, his Majesty said:
“We have to thank the gracious dis-

pensation of Heaven and also the swords

 

of our trusty troops that it has been possible
to maintain peace #0 long. May God grant
that I shall succeed in the future in keeping
this valuable pledge, without which the

and workmen is vain.”

most assiduous work of burghers, peasants

 

To Limit Japanese Influx Inte Canada.
Ottawa, Aug. 26.~The Dominion Gov-
ernment is still negotiating with the Japa-
nese Government with a view torestricting
the immigration to Canada to a limited
number each year, no matter whether
they come from Honolulu or any where
else. It is expected that
rangement lo for about 600" to 600 8 ear,
a year,
pet = is overridden by the arrivals from
onoluiu. .

an arran,

 

Latest
Arrived: Ss M
Ga

Furnessia, Glasgow
pool, Aug. 16; 66
ug. 17.

Intelligence.

polis, London, Aug. 17:
AoE i co Armenian Liver-

Christansand,

letgen,

 

were aboard and Many friends were on |

‘The water began pouring in at the open |

“Kill thove of us who |

for o veunel ot her clans to enter the harbor civilians to atop their annoying, the marine |

 

by The Sun Printing and Publishing Aeeoetation.

SYNDICATE FOR CITY BONDS

EXPECTED 10 TAKE %40,000,000
ISSUE AT AROVE PAN

 

| and Dispose of Part of Them Aron,
Eepecially in Parts —Bids to Be Opened
Sept. 10—largest Outpot City Pver
Mace and May be the Last at 4 1-2 Nate.

The Finance Department began adver-
, tising yesterday for bids for $40,000,000 of
| city bonda, $35,000,000 of the issue to be
| fifty year stock and the remainder ten year
| assessment bonds. Both classes will carry
| interest at the new rate of 4}; per cent.
i The bids will be opened on September 19.
When the announcement was made that
| the city would try to well $40,900,000 of stook
in one hump, despite the failure of the last
two sales, some perplexity was felt in City
Hal! circles as to the rensone which led
acting Comptroller MoCooey to feel justi-
fied in advertising for bids for the largest
| output of bonds the city has ever made at
one time,
| Later in the day the question seemed to
| be answered by news which drifted up from
| Wall Street to the City Hall to the effect
' that a syndicate would take up th® iesue.
Mr. MoCooey declined t answer questions
bearing on the matter. It was one, he ex-
plained, that he could not with propriety
| diseuss. It oan be asserted, however, that
| Mayor MoCiéilan and Mr. McCooey are not
| depending upon the chance of a more fa-
| vorable money market and that they have
{| been assured that the $40,000,000 will be
taken up

| Wall Street heard that a syndicate of bank- |
| ers was being formed which would make |;

an offer to take the whole issue or none at
j all at a price slightly above par. If the
| bonds are obtained the plan, as the Street
heard it, is to dispose of a large part abroad,
especially in Paris, which at the present

| time has more available capita! than any

| other financial centre.

| On the news of the bond issue the 4 per
cent bonds of the recent issue of $24,000,000,
| of which only a few are on the market,
| sold to a new low point, 63%. At this point
i they yield about 4.27 per cent. In order
to yield the same amount as this the new
| bonds will have to bring about 105}.

In announcing the sale Mr. McCooey
issued this statement: “After careful con-
sideration i have decided to offer an

| iasue of $40,000,000 city bonds bearing
| interest at the rate of 444 per cent., the rate
| authorized by the Commissioners of the
| Sinking Fund last week.
| “At the same time I believe it is but
} juatice to say to those who desire to secure
city bonds at the advanced rate that thia
| issue will probably be the last offering at
4% per cent., and if successful will with
| rigid economy carry the city well into
next spring.
| “The next Legislature will be asked to
{amend the present lawe relating to the
| sale of city bonds in order to give the city
| officers some latitude in meeting market
| conditions. If we are succeseful in secur-
| ing certain amendments new channels
will be opened to the city in disposing of
| its bonds and the rate of interest will prob-
| ably be returned to 4 per cent., if not lower.”

WARINE’S BULLET WOUNDS TWO.

Sentry at Navy Yard Shoots Into a Crowd
That Annoys Him.

Michael Marino, a marine on post out-
; side of the marine barracks on Flushing
‘avenue, Brooklyn, at a place where the
navy yard wall stops at the water front,
shot at and wounded two civilians who
were standing néar him on the wharf at
the foot of the avenue last night. The sen-
try fired one shot, but the bullet passed
through the left shoulder of James Ryan
' of 108 Bedford avenue and into the right
‘arm of James O’Brien, who lives at 485
! Grand avenue
| O'Brien, Ryan and a party of friends
| had gone down to the wharf to meet an
incoming excursion bearing a chowder
| party given under the auspices of the
Gérdon Association of Brooklyn. The
sentry was standing near them and be-
came the butt of their jokes, according
to his story. The men, it is said, made no
effort to trespass upon Government prop-
erty or to disarm the sentry or otherwise
interfere with the discharge of hie duty.
They contented themeelves with making
the sentry feel unpleasant by what they
, considered pleasantries at his expense.
After warning the boldest of

the

| raised his gun and fired once into the crowd.
O'Brien and Ryan dropped with wounds.
Their companions rushed on the sentry
and were threatening to do him harm,
but he managed to keep them off with the
| point of his gun until Lieut. Williams of
the Marine Corps and a corporal’s guard
hurried to the apot, attracted by the shot.
The reserves of the Flushing avenue station
‘under Lieut. John Hughes reached the
scene a4 few minutes afterward and helped
the guard to disperse the crowd.
The two wounded men ere taken to the
| Cumberland Street Hospital. Neither of
the wounds was considered serious by the
physicians.

Col. Paul St. Clair Murphy, commandant
of the marines at the navy yard post, or-
dered Marino under arrest and will investi-

| gate the shooting to-day. If he finds that

| the marine was not justified in the shooting

'he will turn him over to the Brooklyn
police.

AUTOISTS BEAT A CONSTABLE,

| Man and Woman Fight O77 a Man Who
Arresta Them for Speeding.
The town officials at Mamaroneck are

 

 

exercised over the treatment of Constable |

Lynch of that place by a man and woman
The highway between Mamaroneck and

| of constables were on the watch for automo-

' bile speeders. A big touring car that was
carrying @ man and woman faster than
Constable Lynch thought they ought to go

| was stopped and the man arrested. Lynch
then jumped on the step to ride to the

| police station some distance away

, When the oar got out of sight of the other

| constables the driver of the car put on

' power and then struok Lynch in the face. ;

The woman got out a parasol and beat him
; over the head, and the two of them man-
aged to knock the constable off the car

Lynch was badly cut and bruised about”

the head
The car got away before Lynch could get
ite number.

 

Burnett's Vanilla Is Pure Food.
Always get Burnett's, take no subptitute.--Adr.

selva yada

ee

 

held up for speeding by Lynch on Sunday, |
Larchmont is being repaired, and a string |

Torepar, Avovst 27, 1007.

nn enna

—

Fair and somewhat warmer to-day; cloudy, ,

with probable showers, tq-morrow;

light westerly winds.

®

        

TRY 70 SAVE GAYNOR’S LIFE.

Attorney-tieneral Bonaparte Permits His
Removal to Health Resort.

, Ga., Aug. 26.--Attorney-General

has signed an order permitting

the removal of John b. Gaynor from the
| Bibb county jail to Indian Springs, Ga., a
health resort, in the hope that Gaynor's
life may be saved.

Gaynor suffere from asthma and was
lately stricken with locomotor ataxia.

United States Deputy Marshal Riley,
Mrs. Gaynor and a physician will acoom-
pany the prisoner. Benjamin Greene, who
was convicted with Gaysor of vomplicity
in the Savannah harbor frauds, will remain
io jailhere. The case of Gaynor and Greene
has been appealed to the United States
Supreme Court.

 

Maco

 

 

| #USITANIA'S MAIDEN VOYAGE

Wil Be Virtually a Race With Lacania,
Whicm Sails the Same Day.
Spectat Cable Despatch to THB SUN.

Loxpnon, Aug. 26.~There is great in-
terest in a projected speed test between
the steamers Lucania and Lusitania on
the latter's maiden Atlantic voyage. Both
will leave Liverpool on September 7, the

Lucania starting two hours before the

Lusitania, which will proceed under easy

| steam to Queenstown in order to give the

| Lucania time to embark her passengers

‘and get away.

The Lusitania will ieave Queenstown at

‘10 A. M., September 8. Then probably

| will commence the contest from Daunt's

| Rock to Sandy Hook. The Lucania should
| be on the open Atlantic doing 21 knots
| with three hours start when the Lusitania

‘emerges fom Queenstown, but travelling

| at the rate of 24 knots the latter will prob-

| ably overhaul the Lucania long before
| America is sighted

The fact that the Lusitania is not tobe
driven at her highest speed on her maiden
voyage will give the Lucania a spérting
| chance of arriving first at New York. Both
vessels are booked full up.

 

 

 

MUSTN'T USE NICKNAMES,

Public Printer Stillings Orders Use of Dig-
nified Appellations in His Office.

| WasHINGTON, Aug. 26.—No longer may
|employees of the Government Printing
| Oftice address each other as “Mag” and
“Liz,” or “Bill” and “Pete.” Public Printer
Stillings has put nicknames under the ban.
Hereafter, acoording to hie orders, em-
ployees must address one another as “Misa
Margaret” or “Miss Elizabeth,” or “Mr.
| William” or “Mr. Peter,” as the case may be.

 

The Public Printer is a person of dignity,

| a8 one who gets an opportunity to see may

discern readily. He dislikes familiarity

| and flippancy. He much prefers that his

employees shall address one another as

“Mr. Jones,” “Miss Brown,” or “Mrs. John-
son.”

30,000 MORE SCHOOL SEATS.

Bullding Superintendent Promises That
Much More Accommodation.

C. B. J. Snyder, Superintendent of Schon)

, reported to President Winthrop
oes found of Education yesterday that

he expected to provide 50,000 new sittings
| by the opening of the public schools on
| September 0. This was based on the expec-
tation that new schools and additions to
old ones would be completed by that time.
Manhattan's school population has been
diminishing in the last two years, but this
borough will have 17,500 of the new seats.
The problem of providing enough school
room for the children has shifted to Brook -
lyn, where there were many part time
pupils when school closes in June. That
borough is to have the same . umber of
| new sittings as Manhattan.
| The rest are divided between Queens and
Richmond.

AUTO FALLS INTO A CANAL,

Three Occupants Injured in an Accident
Near Patersen.

Parerson, N. J., Aug. 26.—Oscar L.
Richards, 56 years old, of Bernardsville;
his son George, 11 years old, and Edward

chauffeur, were injured last night

when an automobile in which they were

| riding crashed through a guard rail in the

| Toad between Paterson and Boonton, and

| fell down an embankment into the Morris

Canal at Lincoin Park. The chauffeur had

, lost control of the machine, which was
going at high speed.

The elder Richards’s shoulder was dis-
| located and two of his ribs were broken.
| The boy's right leg was fractured, and the
| chauffeur was cut and bruised about the

head.

HEARST CONVENTION, SEPT. 28.

independence League Also Issucs a Call
fer the Primaries on Sept. 24.

| The executive committee of the Inde-

| pendence League met yesterday at the

| Gileey House and decided that the league's

State convention shall be held in Carnegie

Hall on September 28. There will be about

! seven hundred delegates—one delegate for
| every thousand Hearst votes last fall.

!

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

primaries in the cities of New York and
' Buffalo, and September 17 for primaries
| in other places. The committee also issued
a call for local conventions

BANK EMPLOYEE A SUICIDE,

Wm, Cotter Hangs Himself With a Book-
| strap He Carried When a Schoolboy.
! Passarc, N. J., Aug. 26,—After a quarrel

|

Cotter committed suicide in his home here

this morning by hanging himself from his |

| bedstead with a bookstrap which he carried
| when he was a schoolboy. The body was
| found half an hour after death by Mrs.
| Cotter.

! Cotter was employed in a banking estab-
' lishment at 25 Broad etreet, New York, and
was on his vacation. He and his wife
; moved here from New York on Thureday.

KILL RUSSIAN PRISON KEEPER.

Terrorist Crime in St. Petersburg —Wiborg
Governor the Victim.
Special Cable Despatch to Tae Sux

Sr. Pergnasono, Aug. 26.—Col. Ivanhoff,
governor of the political prison at Wiborg,
was assassinated to-day while walking
| im the streete of St Petersburg. The
| agsassin was arrested.

 

 

 

Special Cadle Deepatoh to Tae Sun.
Lonpon, Aug. 26.~-The bill legalising
marriage with a deceased wife's

sister
paseed its fina] stages in the House of Lords ,
this evening. It will become 4 law as soon

as the King’s signature je affixed to it.

——

 

GREAT BEAK SPRING

“Its purity bas made it Bete. a

 

September 24 is the day set for league |

PRKE TWO CENTS.

 

 

RELATIVES LEFT TO SEARCH
ALMOST ALONE,

 

No Trace Whatever of the Brooklyn Teacher
Who Disappeared From a Bugsy at

The disappearance on Saturday night
of Mies Agnes Maguire, the Brooklyn schovt.
teacher, in the woods at Lake Hopatcong,
N. J., remained a mystery last night.
day her relatives searched frautically for

her, aided by some of the cam) ers in the im.

mediate vicinity and friends from Dover.
When evening came not one reliable clue had
been discovered that would show how the
girl left the buggy in which her cousin had
left ber for a few minutes or what course
she took when she disappeared in the storm
that was then raging.

Although a majority of the summer |
colony around the lake are inolined to. ~

believe the mystery eventually will be
| cleared up by the finding of Miss Maguire’é
body in the lake the girl’s father end her.
other relatives seem to think that it ie mere
likely that she was overtaken by some
other fate. They fear that she was
assaulted by some disreputable men who
are not unknown to that region or that
| she wandered into the woods and either
| died from fright or was struck by lightning.
These fears are strengthened by the fact
that the lake where she probably would
have gpproached it from the camp where
she was last seen is very shallow. The
barks are not precipitous and for many
yards from the shore the water is not more
than two feet deep. It has not been neoes-
sary to drag the lake.
ers have rowed all over it, watching the bot-
tom through the olear water. Furthermore,
a strong wind has been blowing inshore
forthe last two days. Men familiar with the
lake say that itsurely would have brought
the girl's body to shore had she been
drowned anywhere near this spot. The

young woman might have reached the 4

lake at another spot where the water is
deeper. But this would have been only after
a walk of a quarter of a mile over stones
and through brush.

Members of the girl's family aay that 65
had been suffering with a nervous trouble
for about two years. They deny, however,
that she had any of the symptoms of melan-
cholia. She went to her uncle’s house on
Thureday to recuperate and on Saturday
alternoon took a trolley ride with relatives,
On this ride she laughed and talked so that
they commented on her spirits. There was
one thing of which she had a particular
dread. That was lightning.

According to her cousin Charles, who
left her in the buggy at the camp, the
lightning had just begun when he hitched
the horse right behind an old barn. Miss

He says that he asked her to get out, but
she preferred to remain in the buggy be-

had advised her not to get out at the jake,
and he was to be gone just long enough
to run down a little hill into the little cabin
where the campers were. On the other
side of the road was another camp, anti
near that a tent with more campers. The
lake was about a hundred yards away, ora
little lees. The*road down which they
had driven continues over the Jersey
Central tracks and ends at the lake, where
there is shallow water for many yards from
shore.

There were lights in all the camps that
right. One cottage not far away had @
string of lanterns around it A woman at
! Camp Look Who's Here was sitting on the
| porch when the Maguires arrived, facing

the road leading down to the lake She ie

positive that no one went down that road
in the few minutes that Charles Maguire
was inside. Mrs. Sparks, the chaperon of
the camp, believes thet Miss Maguire got
| out of the buggy, but she cannot imagine
! why Had she done so and been seized by
| any one it is hard to believe that her screams
| could not have been heard, although every
| one says that the of thunder were
|

cc Ss SS SSS

frequent at the time. en too, a struggle
surely would have left footprints. There
were none by the buggy #a ve those of Canaries
Maguire
| The one person who saw the girl after
Maguire left her, Mrs. Lockman, a guest
t the camp on the opposite side of the
|
|

road, says that she did not see her run down, ~

the road toward the lake. A lamp from
her camp. wae shining across the road, ite
rays boring a hole through the dark,

| this little pathway of light Mrs. Lockmaa —

could see part of the carriage. The girl

got out of it, stepped out of the light and
| was, gone. Mrs. Lockman has no idés —

' whigh way she went.

| gone for shelter would appear to be the
| barn, near which the horse was hitched.
| That has been searched many times with-
out revealing any trace of her having been
there. It cannot be said that the search
thus far has extended over a very wide
area. People have looked around, and
called to the girl in a radius of perhaps
a mile or two, but nothing like a systematio

‘ search has been made because of the lack —

| with his wife over a trifling matter William | of numbers in the searching party. Save -

for the persons in the camps in the imme-

than twenty, few offered yesterday to help.
| The girl’s relatives were grieved because
| of the seeming disinterest of the hundreds
| of summer visitors at the hotels and camps

ir.the matter which meant so much to them,
| The uncle asked several men if they could

| vot help in the search, and all made @x-
Chief Christy, head and sole member |

of the police force of the vicinity, did all

| but that is simply to protect the ich. Prob-
ably the law would be waived in such a
case, but no permission

denly become demented
| Various reports that a girl ansvering

¢

feet.

CAN'T FIND AGNES MAGUIRE

Lake Hepatcoug on Saturday Night —
Few Volunteer to Help Hunt for Her, im

Alt >

‘

Boatmen and camp- aa

Maguire had expressed some fear of it. |

cause when she had left home her relatives -

In |

The most likely place the girl would have

  
  
 
  
 
 
  
  
     
    
  
      
  
 
  
       
  
    
   
  

i

4
;

“J
i
is
my

‘

a

‘y
i
a

i

‘
a

%

wi
dd
a

‘

+

Bh

“4
on
ag

‘et
a

§

y

¢

a

s

SE's
i
7

4

v
mi

4

ps)

¢