— a

_
LVN NO, 185,

0}
HEPBURN BILL 10 BE AMENDED,

eo itook nen ren 4 Pane
Tee Le

Preettont's Waet Otte Legal tdvieere
iiave Fett Otten That te Mt ae FF
crane fe Clewety Creonatitettenetl ant
ite Phinhe 1 Whee fo Gafeqnard 1,

ne

fem, Mareht While there hee
itaecrd change tn (he dteposition
nen ding parties to the milway

Woaene
tenn ¢

¢ the ¢
veh je going on under
to indicate that the Hepburn

fit tien, ef

hi pew pending in te Senate, will be
t " amended in a manner partly
r factory to those who are lending the
‘ cition fo ite enactment, The amend
toonta for whieh the way ia being paved
\ he probally agreed to bw the raion!
’ porters of the measure, aomewhat te.

tantly, i is Crt, bert with th knowledge
toot the changes proposed appear to be
rooeesary in order to prevent the rate law
fy m being overturned be the courts

Moat of President Roosevelt's legal ad-
viser upon thia momentous question, in-
« uding tnen in whose honesty of purpose
nid loyalty to bimeelf he has the utmost
confidence, have adviaed him frantiv that
' Hepburn bill in its presen shape is
‘ rly qneenatitutional It no secret
thot the President wonld like to have this
reeasure placed on the statute books with

ja

no change, or with oniv a few amendments
cf a comparatively op mportant character,
Put those who are his confidence are
aware thot he is fully olive to the danger
of subjecting the proposed law to the close

eerutiny of the Vederal judiciary when

doubts have been raised by able lawyers
us to ite constitutionality. The President
bed maintrined all along that it is sub-
stance that he and there i4 no
reason todoubt that he will be agreeable to
certain amendments which have been sug-
gested, not that he is understood to favor
them or regard them as absolutely essential,
bot that he thinks it wise to safeguard the
measure from the possibility of a judicial

desires,

reversal,
Certain of the President's advisers who
are the most ardent supporters of the

Hepburn bill have not taken kindly to
Senator Spooner's proposed amendment,
providing in effect that whenever a rate
is made by order of the Interstate Commerce
Commission, and any party to it appeals
to a lederal court, this new rate shall not
he enforced, Lut pending the legal adjust-

court an amount equal to the difference
between the old rate and the new upon all
shipments affected, It is provided also
that should the court reverse the com-
mission's order the money paid in by the
earrier shall be refunded to him, while in
the event of a contrary decision the money
shell he paid overto the shippers who have
been paying the higher rate for the period
between the time the commission's order
went into effect and the time the court
evstained it.

There is much ground for belief, how-
ever, that this amendment will be ultimately
accepted by the President's radical sup-
} orters and incorporated into the bill, It
ix not likely that any such harmonious
agreement will be reached on Senator
Knox's amendment, providing that a bond
should be given by the appellant carrier to
cover the cost of overcharges to shippers
while the appeal is pending.

Another amendment designed to lessen
the danger of the judicial overthrow of a
rete law on constitutional grounds will
eJso probably be adopted by mutual agree-
trent, with the approval of the President.
‘This concerns that section of the Hepburn
bill which provides that a rate ordered by
the Interstate Commerce Commission
Ehall become effective in thirty days.

It is realized even by some who want the
Hepburn bill to be passed by the Senate
without change that this clause infringes
‘ery closely on the prerogative of the
courts to dispose in their own time of cases
of appeal to them frdm the rate-making
decrees of the commission. To say that the
rate shall become effective in thirty days
is virtually equivalent, it is conceded even
by Hepburn bill advocates, to anattempt to
compel the courts to determine appeals
within that brief space of time. They are
convinced that the safer plan would ke to
amend the bill so as to provide that the
commission shall have authority to say
within what “reasonable” period the rate
ehall be put into operation.

Nearly all the able lawyers of whom the
President has*sought advice have urged
that a more liberal provision for a review
by the courts of the Interstate Commerce
Commission's orders be inserted in the bill,
and they have reason for a little encour-
agement, although they realize that the
President, the Interstate Commerce Com-
mission and the radical rate bill advocates
fre strenuously opposed to permitting un-
restricted judicial review.

It is conceded by some of these, how-
ever, that the measure can be improved
from a legal standpoint by ‘changing the
tcourt appeal provision so as to permit the
courts to pass upon the contention of car-
rier or shipper or any other party to an
appeal that the commission exceeded its
authority in making the rate complained
of or invaded the constitutional rights of
the appellant in whole orin part, A strong
effort is being made to bring about a mutual
fagreement that the words “or legal” shall
be inserted, so as to permit the courts to
Pass upon the cuestion whether the legal
#8 well as the constitutional rights of the
‘ppellant have been violated, but this is
apparently entirely objectionable to the
President's supporters and is not likely to
be accepted by them, although hope has
not been abandoned that they will consent
to the change, which would do much to
pave the way for the enactment of the
rate bill, °

Senator Elkins’s amendment, providing
that coal carrying railroads shall not com-
pete in the production and sale of commodi-
ties hauled over their own lines by private
thippers, is acoeptable to the rate bill advo-
cates and will be offered at the proper time
with their consent. These and the other
proposed changes which have been indi-
cated are extremely likely to be made,
and altogether the outlook for a fairly
amicable adjustment of the differenoes that
exist among the Républi¢ans is very good.
President Roosevelt has shown no dispo-
Fition to refuse advice from those opposing
his views, who’ are greatly encouraged by
the attitude he has adopted.

 

The Tratm of the Centary.

Twentieth Century. Limited, I®-hour train be-
Tratra Vaeer Ore ne Caleags hy the New york
. ve New York 8; .M. ‘|

0 6:90—a night's r te Sad M., arrive

~

ay sate

$$

a

a
a

ee

OW AGhh RWPHRAS FET,

enw oem
Her Fife @atd ta fhe in Manger fenertean
Wieton Property Sat Marner,
A pretal ¢ t+ jieepotenes fo Tie fre

Sttawenat, March tnThe Marth China
Herold eave (hat the Prewager Renprec te
angeronely tl

The Magiatrate why wae wounded during
the recent troubles af Sanehang hae died
fron the affeota of bia injuries

Lowtew, March 9 The @hanghatl corre.
epondent of the Telegraph aage it in repented
that the taotal hae reowiverd a aseret tale.
gram from Pekin @mying the Downer
Pinprees ia dead,

The Tokio correapondent of the Telegraph
ave flee Mr Roekhill, the Amerionn Min-
jeter to China, hae warned hia Government
that a seeiety haa heen formed in Hupen
provinces with the object of atirring up
hostility againet Christianity, fle hae re-
quested that mereures be taken to protect
foreigners '

A Shanghai despatch to the Timea says
that Yuan, Vaotal of Shanghai, has been
appointed Governor of Pekin, an extract.
dinary promotion. He is a notoriously cor>
rupt official, and is regarded by the consuls
and diplomats as having been primarily
responsible for the Shanghai riots

It in significant that the Government's
poliey is ontweighing all ite assurances to
the Powers that uneasiness over the anti-
foreign agitation is causeless, and that this
policy is fully appreciated by the Chinese.

Wasntnaton, March 1.—The report that
the Empress Dowager of China is dead is
denied at the Chinese legation, Sir Chen-
tung Liang-cheng, the Chinese Minister,
had despatches from China to-day but
there was no mention of the death of the
Empress Dowager. The State Department
has no advices on the subject.

The State Departinent to-day received
the following despatch from Consul-General
Rodgers at Shanghai:

“Definitely known American property
Nanchang safe; refugees Kiukiang.”

LONGWORTHS START HOMEWARD,

 

 

Their Visit Made Minister Morgan's Recep-
tion Particularly Cordtal.
Spectal Cable Despatch to Tite Sun.

Havana, March 1.- Mr. and Mrs, Nicholas
Longworth sailed this morning for Tampa.
Edwin V. Morgan, the new Amerjcan Min-
ister, presented his credentials to President
Palma to-day with the usual ceremony. He
was accompanied to the palace by rural
guards, and a detachment of artillery stood
at attention at the entrance to the palace.

ment the carrier involved shall pay into the | After handing the President his credentials

Mr. Morgan made a brief speech. He said
in part that it was his good fortune that de-
termined that he should commence his
offcia) duties in Cuba at the moment when
the Cuban people had shown their friend-
ship toward the United States by presenting
to the daughter of President Roosevelt a
wedding present of exceptional value, and
also that he ehould arrive in Cuba with her
and her husband. They by their presence
here had wished to show th® gratitude in-
spired by the gift.

President Palma, in reply, said it was his
desire and that of the Cuban people that
the cordial understanding now existing
between Cuba and the United States should
serve as the basis of closer friendly and
mercantile relations. Whatever means
would tend to achieve this would be adopted
by his Government. The sympathy of the
Cuban people with the Americans, as well
as the special gratitude to Presi@ent Roose -
velt, had just been brilliantly shown by the
general rejoicings at the visit with whioh
the daughter of the President of the United
States had honored them.

PHILIPPINE ELECTIONS

 

 

QUIET.

 

No Disorder, but Balloting in Three Cases
Is Under Suspicton,

WASHINGTON, March 1.—The following
report of the election of Governors of the
various provinees of the Philippine Islands
reached the War Department to-day, having
been cabled by Governor Ide:

“Provincial elections satisfactory, Nota
single instance of disorder, although many
ballots were required in numerous in-
stdfices, Have confirmed all elected except
three suspended for investigation, charged
with bribery and intimidation. Sandike
and Deveyra were elected and confirmed,
as was also Reynolds, an American, who
was elected on the seventeenth ballot.
Eight of the present Governors were re-
elected.”

The Sandike mentioned is a native who
ren for the Governorship of the Province of
Bulukan. Deveyra, who owns one of the
leading native papers in Manila, becomes

Governor of Leyte and Reynolds, who was |

once a Captain in the Twenty-first Unitéd
States Volunteers, has been elected Gover-

nor of Albay.

 

NO GASOLENE IN GARAGES,

 

Vice-Chancellor Garrison of New Jersey
Limits the Amount to Half a Pint.

Vice-Chancellor Garrison has handed
down a decision in Chancery Chambers,
Jersey City, restraining Richard J. Nelson
and James Ray from storing, keeping and
using gasolene in their garage on the Hud-
son Boulevard, Jersey City, until further
orders of the court. The Vice-Chancellor
decreed that the defendants may. keep not
more than half a pint of gasolene for the
use of automobiles about to enter the
building.

The court gave the complainants, John
O'Hara and Catherine O'Hara, who live
next door to the garage, permission to in-
spect the auto tanks from time to time.
The O'Haras complained that their lives
and property were endangered by the
gasolene stored in the garage.

Automobilists whose supplies of gasolene
run out on trips through New Jersey
will be unable to replenish their auto tanks
at Jersey City garages in the future.

 

 

PROTEST AGAINST STREET CRIES,
Women Before the Aldermen, Who Will
Probably Pass Restrictive Measure,

Fifty women, representing the West
End Women's Republican Association,
appeared before the Aldermen's Committee
on Public Health yesterday afternoon to
protest against street noises. They want
the board to pass an ordinance restricting
hucksters and other noise makers to cer-
tain streets.

One woman complained of the scissors
grinders, She said that they had bugles,
which made them very offensive. Mrs,
Helena Tonjes said that on the West Side
the noise made by the venders was s0
great that the docters were helpless in
treating bad cases of sickness, The com-
mittee, it is believed, will report in favor
of restricting the street noises,

HORSE SWIMMING TO EUROPE

ivi rs pnOWwVENn saiten
050 HELE GAFR,

|

Trettee ett Marted Teens Rranenw on
tenets for Meet Miver Madly Cut tH
on Rocke © 9.0, A. Agent race Bae
theneeta, tt Palle to Wake Cant,

Somewhers wp hevond Mell Cate,
| ewimmning (he Moet Miver of Long Teland
| Seven, a voluntary priaoner on Blick
| well'« Teland of an explorer of the wilde of
' Harlem, The Arons of Queene, jaa brindle
| hrones from Teese Cateh him and return
him to Anton Arnheiter, liveryman, at 16¢
Faet Fifty-third street, and collest reward
or salvage, The price will be liberal, for
the exerciee of control over thie particular
j broneo is no easy matter, But maybe
the bronco ja at the bottom of the river
or the Sound, dead. f
| Mr. Arnheiter thought he had the horse
| from the Western ranges inured to the
custome of the city. William Nolan of
(84 Avenue A rented it late yesterday after-
noon and learned otherwiae, At the firet
clanging of the bell of an electric car the
broneo bueked and jumped in as many
directions as the wind takes around the
Flatiron Building.
| Mr. Nolan reached up on the reins and
| ae to check the proceedings, A little
| side stepping on the part of the bronco
| and the driver was on the cobblestones, cut

to be alive and

and bruised, but glad
out of danger.

This happened at Fifty-eighth street

| and Second avenue, Feeling a free rein,

the bronco extended itself and galloped

joyously toward the East River with the

runabout bounding up and down behind.

An iron railing six feet high was in the |

|

|

|

|

| way, but the horse went over it as easily
| as a steeplechaser over a brush hurdle
| and disappeared from view down an em-
bankment sixty feet above the river.

Only half of this embankment is a sheer
| precipice; the remainder slants to a level
| space at the foot, and this level space is
| separated from the river by a wall,
| slanting portion is composed of craggy
| rocks. Noone knows how the horse landed,
| whether on its head or feet, on the sharp
| rocks. But seemingly it struck on its side
| and rolled over and over to the level space
| near the river. At any rate, when Mr.
| Nolan+saw it, it was bucking up, down and

sideways in this level space, its sides torn
and bleeding, but its legs sound and its
spirits as high as were its legs most of the
time.

Mr. Nolan summoned the liveryman by
telephone. The liveryman got Dr, Gill, a
yeterinary surgeon, Samuel Vagan, an
agent of the S. P. C. A., and Policeman
Heisler of the East Fifty-first street station
house. ‘The veterinary and Mr. Haines’s
man agreed that an animal with so much
animation was worth saving and though
apparently in pain ought not to be killed.
The policeman set about devising a way of
getting the animal back to the street level.

There was no possibility of guiding the
horse to a place where the bank slanted
easily enough to permit leading him out.
A derrick, it was decided, was out of the
question, From 6 to 8 o'clock they delib-
erated, and then the problem was settled
for them by three oarsmen who rowed up
from the Allen Point Boat Club, three blocks
below.

“Get a line,” said one of the oarsmen,
“lift your horse over a low point in the em-
bankment there and throw it to us. We'll
do the rest.”

A strong halter was placed around the
bronco’s neck; it was helped over the en-
bankment and heaved into the water with
a great splash. Then the process of towing
up stream began. This was facilitated
by the tide and by sturdy swimming on the
part of the horse, It seemed as much at
home in the water as on land. Often the
hawser wasslack from the speed the bronco
developed, and in this way, the animal con-

| tinually swimming toward deeper water,
boat and tow made good time and got fur-
ther out into the stream.

At Sixty-sixth street, where the incline
of the river bank permitted a landing,
there came a tug of war, The oarsmen
conquered, for the bronecho was tiring,
and he was dragged to shoal water and
held there. '

The veterinary and the agent now de-
cided that the horse was so badly injured
that it would be a humane thing to kill it.
The policeman would have nothing to do
with the slaughter,

“He's made,a good fight for his life,"
said Heisler, “and he's won the fight. It
isn’t for me to kill him now.”
| Re agent said he would execute his own
| centenee if the policeman balked at it,
Taking a position on the river's edge, about
six feet from the horse, he took careful
aim and fired, while the others turned
their heads,

Zip went the bullet clean through the
hawser. Splash went three oarsman into
the river, and away toward Hell Gate,
with a farewell snort, went the ‘bronco
from Texas,

That was the last any of the men saw of
him. He was not even wounded by the
revolver fired at him point blank from a
distance of only six feet. He was swim-
ming strongly as he vanished in the black-
ness that hung over the river.

“That horse has lots of life in him,” said
Policeman Heisler as he wandered back
to his post, “He'll find a landing some-
where if has to swim to Europe for it.”

 

 

ATTEMPTED BRIBERY CHARGED,

Alleged Effort to Influence the Jury That
Was to Try Buffalo Hank President,

ALBION, March 1,—The case of Eugene
Georger, on trial for grand larceny, one of
the many indtetments against him grow-
ing out of the wrecking of the German
Bank in Buffalo of which he was president,
will go to the jury soon and then will
follow an exhausive inquiry into the rumor
that a systematic effort had been made
totamper with al! the talesmen from whom
' weary was selected,

Charles O. Turner, a butcher of Lyaden-
ville, says $5,000 was offered him if he would
| get on the Georger jury and swing it the
| right way. G. A. Conger of Yates was the
man who broached the offer to him, says
Turner. Conger says Turner lies. Both
men were under the influence of liquor
when brought before Justice Kenefick
early this morning, but their statements
were read to them later when they were
sober and they then signed them,

‘Lhe investigation will probably take the
form of a John Doe proceeding. This
afternoon Justice Kenefick issued a state-
ment declaring that neither Conger nor

The |

+eNRW YORK, FRIDAY, MARCH

|

 

 

| ous language.

9

‘ICR GO CPNTS A HONORE,

Vay Ge Maher Hetore Your Winter aH
Saher ie Cutiving Seimei,

The priew of lew jumped from a fe
conta per hinder pounede eveeterdey
Fiver ainee the agitation aver the forma
flon of fhe jew feet in 1000, (he price of
fon hae betel erty at io conta iy all eeneene
of (he wear From now on until neat winter
the prtee of tow will be 0 conte and trohabl¢
hiaher Weatey 4 (ler, preetdent of the
American fee Company, te authority for
the atatement

“The mild winter hae made it abeoiutely
necoemry thet the price ehentd be price!”
eoid Mr Oler laet night. “We are getting
toe from remote pointe and the coat of ahipr
Ping if here ie enortnene

“We were in hone that a final good
freeze would come and a@ive ta a chanee
fo harvest a big eopply, bat thie hope haw
heen abandoned °

Mr Oler wae asked if the manufacturers
of artificial ioe would not be able to under.
sell the deniers in natural ice He aatd

“Artificial ice hold« at the same price as
natural, Of course, the manufacturers
are at liberty to sell at whatever price
they see fit. We have very few planta for
manufacturing ice in thie city and it would
take ue a year to secure the necessary ma-
chinery to establish them.”

People living in the outlying districta
of Brooklyn received notification yesterday
that the price of ice delivered at their doors
would be increased to 50 centa per hundred
pounds, Mr. Oler and other officials of the
American Ice Company explained that this
was due to the cost of delivery.

LA FOLURTTE TURNED DOWN.

Wisconsin Feud Crops out Over a Nomina-
tion and Spooner Is the Vietor.

Wasntnaton, March 1.—The long stand-
ing feud between Senators Spooner and
La Follette cropped out in the Senate Com-
merce Committee to-day oven the nomina-
tion of Amos P. Wilder of Wisconsin to be
Consul-General at Hongkong, and Spooner
was the victor, although the committee in
deciding in his fator apparently broke one
of its cast iron precedents,

Wilder was nominated a month ago on
the recommendation of Mr. Spooner, and
his name has been pending before the com-
mittee ever since, Mr. La Follette having
lodged a protest against his confirmation.
To-day he backed up his protest by a verbal
statement, in whichhe declared that Wilder
was personally and politically offensive to
him. He also, as “samples of discourtesy,”
quoted from editorials of the Madison
State Journal, of which Wilder is the editor,
assailing La Follette in unmistakably vigor-
He likewise questioned the
ability of the appointee, and protested
against favorable action on the nomination
because of Wilder's unfitness as well as
upon personal grounds.

Mr. Spooner followed with a plea for
confirmation. The Senate has long ob-
servéd a rule of courtesy that it will not
confirm an appointee who is personally
distasteful to either of the Senators from
the State to which the nominee is credited.
It is a rule that is seldom broken,
but the committee to-day undoubtedly
strained it almost to the breaking point.
It ordered a favorable report to be made
to the Senate on the Wilder nomination and
waived aside the rule by the technicality
that it had agreed to a favorable report
before Mr. La Folletie had made his protest.

The nomination will be reported to the
Senate at the next executive session and
then La Follette will transfer bis fight to
the floor of the Senate,

Rs. ’

 

MIZNER IN CHICAGO,

 

Rumored That She Wil Give New Husband
Free Hand in Settling Estate.

CutcaGco, March 1.—Mrs. Wilson Mizner
arrived in Chicago to-day. She was met
by two women in a closed carriage,

The carriage was driven to the Yerkes
home. When Mrs. Mizner looked out
and saw a group of people in front of the
house she waved her hand from the cab
window at the driver and cried excitedly,
“Drive on.”

The carriage (urned and the party was
driven to the Auditorium Annex.

It is expected that Mrs. Mizner will re-
main in Chicago several weeks, at least
until after the probating of her late hus-
band's will on March 15,

One of the first things to be done here,
it is expected, will be to have an under-
standing between Mrs, Minzer and Mr.
Owsley on tho future status of Wilson
Mizner. It has been said that Mrs. Mizner,
inthe restoration of her confidence in him,
has decided to make him her representa-
tive in all affairs touching the Yerkes prop -
erty. This arrangement, it has been said,
will be highly unsatisfactory to Charles
E. Yerkes and Mr. Owsley, who will have
much to do with managing and setthng
the big estate.

SUED FOR A MARRIAGE,

Jersey City Preacher Asked to Pay #300
for Marrying a Minor.

The Rev, Arney S. Biddle, pastor of the
Summit Avenue United Presbyterian Church
of Jersey City, was the defendant yesterday
afternoon before Judge Garrick, in the
First District Court, in a suit for the re-
covery of the statutory Penalty of $300
for performing a marriage ceremony for a
minor. The plaintiff was Michael Reus
of ‘Paterson, whose daughter, Theresa
Daisy, eloped with James Winters, a young
farmer, on January 1 last. The pair went
to Jersey City, where they were married
by Mr. Biddle, the bride representing her-
self as 18 years old.

Her parents say that she was born on
August 2, 1888, and is still flve months shy
of the marriageable age. The Reuses began
proceedings in the Court of Chancery for
the annulment of the marriage. While the
case was under consideration the girl bride
promised to return to her parents and
live apart from her husband for a year or
two. She ran away from home a second
time and is now with Winters.

The young folks were not at the dominie's
trial. Mrs, Reus testified that when her
daughter left home she wore a short skirt.
Mr. Biddle swore the girl told him she was
18, and Mrs, Ida M, Coe, who. stood up with
her, gave similar testimony.

The trial will be continued on March 6.
Under the law one-half the penalty goes
to the State and the other half to the person
making the complaint.

 

 

Scotty's Brother Mortally Weunded.

Los ANGELES, March 1.—A report from
Death Valley to-day says that assassins

 

 

Turner mentioned the name, of Senator | fired on Walter Scott and his brether
| L'Hommedieu of Medina, This state- _ mortally wounding the brother, but missing
ment from the Justice was rendered neces- | Scotty.

gary jo view obey, sumone that arose cures

e day oon ng the Senator with the . After all, Usher's the Scotch
alleged attempt av bery. . that made sighwall’ tasnouss—atae

; ss ;
2 kyla ein ta ES eae ebRiaNEa) s aahiblbad

hes AMP tye ~. : .

IDOE = Consriaht, 1008, hy The Sem Primtinn amd Publiahind Ananetation

‘SOLDIERS ROUT OHIO MOBS.

ee

| SOLE PINES BOTINOT FSH AY
FIRE OPP UAT WENT,

| Cammerctal Clty Meets and Crees Critrone
to Restore Creer Putittoiaes liane
Davie Wtentiies tasetiant Mtoters

Fined — Gatling Gane at Meqital,

Spniarteri, Obie, March §.—Two amall
fires coourred between #90 and 0 o'elool
teeniaht, One at Reoe and High etreeta,
where a negro joint, which le vaeunt, was
fired, waa eusily extingtiahed by the fire
department. The other waa near the
Spangenberger honae in Raat Main street
A amall building was ablaze, but it was put
out with a few buoketa of water

A emall mob in Shipmen's alley fired
several ehote in the alr. No damage was
done, and soldiers soon routed the erowd

The Commercial Club held a big meeting
to-night totake action for law and order, City
Solicitor Stewart 1. Tatum, Father Buckley
and Judge F. H. Hagan were among those
who made apeeches urging the holding
| of a citizens’ meeting to take public action
against mob violence, It was declared
that present conditions here are due to
politicians catering to negroes and low
whites and the non-enforcement of laws.

City Hospital attendants refuse to answer
the telephone. The operator saya Davis
is still alive and that he will notify the
people when he dies, It is suspected that
Davis ix dead but that they are keeping it
quiet.

“That is the man who shot me,” said
Martin Davis this afternoon at the City
Hospital, pointing to Edward Dean, who
was brought here on a special interurban
car with Preston Ladd by two companies
of militia. As Davis was neering the end
the local authorities wanted Davis to see
the negroes who are in the Dayton jail
for safe keeping. Prepgrations were made
for a dash through this city to the hospital.

The car arrived just at noon and stopped
at Northand Plum streets, where the negroes
were hustled into a cab and guarded by
the patrol wagon load of policemen. A
rapid drive was made for the hospital, a
mile distant, which is guarded by four com-
panies of militia with gatling guns. The
negroes were escorted into Davis's room,
with John Jenkins and William Honaker,
two local negroes. As Davis laid his eyes
on Dean he recognized him as the man
who shot him in the Big Four yards last
Monday night.

Immediately after a positive identifica-
tion had been made the negroes were placed
in the carriage and hurried back to the
special car, Not more than thirty minutes
was spent in town. | Then the quick run
to Dayton was made in fifty-four minutes
and the negroes were again lodged in
jail. There was only a slight demonstra-
tion at the hospital. A few boys began
pushing and cheering and the soldiers
charged.

In the police court this morning the rioters
arrested last night were arraigned. Five
of them pleaded guilty and the others
were told to get ready for trial,

Roseoe Ridgway, Thomas Dee, Edward
Kennedy, John Esseg and Fred Dooley
were fined $50 each for disorderly con-
duct, The others were either tried and
decisions reserved or trials set for later
days,

Many prominent men were in the court
room, among them being N. H. Fairbanks,
brother of Vice-President Fairbanks, and
Capt. E. L. Bookwalter, president of the
American Seeding Machine Company.

The big lobby was not satisffed with the
fines anu there were muttered threats
against Police Judge J. J. Miller. The
Judge afterward refused protection for his
home. He said he did not fear the mob.

As several students of Wittenberg Col-
lege were out with the crowds last night,
President Eckart gave them a severe lecture
this morning, after whichall of the students
promised to remain at home or in the
college dormitory to-night. David Johnson
of Cincinnati, a preparitory student, was
one of those arrested on the charge of
rioting.

All afternoon there were rumors that
the mob was going to burn different places
about the city and that the jail at Dayton
was to be attacked. The military authori-
ties were quick to make preparations to
stop any outbreak,

At 10:30 Major H. C. Kiefer said that
nothing new had developed, In all parts
of the city the mob element is quieting
down, Owing to fears that an attempt
may be made to rescue the rioters machine
guns are standing at the jail and no pergon
is allowed to go near.

 

 

BROKE HIS PRISON PAROLE,

 

Arthur Gray Back tn Sing Sing on an Al-
leged Technical Violation,

OsstNInGc, March 1.—Mrs, Arthur Gray
of New York has retained Counsellor John
H. Silver of this village to try to get her
husband released from Sing Sing Prisop,
where he is serving a four year term under
a sentence for assault in the first degree,
A short time ago Gray was released on
parole after having servedtwo and one half
years of his sentence, Each month, accord-
ing to the rules, he reported to Warden
Johnson, :

After having sent in his report for Febru-
ary Gray changed his place of residence
to another street, and says he was taken
ill before he had an opportunity to notify
the warden of his new address. His wife
asserts he had no intention to violate the
rules and she has a physician's certificate
to show that he was physically unable to
report.

A short time ago an order went into effect
that hereafter paroled men must report to
Superintendent of State Prisons Collins at
Albany instead of to the wardens of the
prisons.
and the letter came back with the infor-

Se sss SS

indicated on the envelope. Officers were sent
from the prison and finding Gray he was
brought back to serve out his full term,

* Mr. Silver has written to the Superin-

and Gray's lasi
letter in which he urges the Superintendent
to order his release.

 

Admiral Wilde's Niece to Wed a Count,
“pecial Cable Despatch to Tux Sun.
Romk, March 1.—The betrothal is an-

Adiniral Wilde of the United States Navy,
apd Count Carlo Dentice di Frasso,

oo

* ‘ ‘

Notice of this was sent to Gray |

mationthat he did not live at the address |

tendent of Prisons explaining the matter, |
employer has written a

nounced of Miss G, R. Wilde, niece of Rear |

| swe PN MNOT MENTS FO-n«Y?

Vame of @ Wet Gnewn Wan Lett for Fur:
thee Constderation.

Mie interest je manifented in the report
of the Petruery Grand Jury @hieh will be
hanced wp te Judge Crane in the County

| Covet, Rrookign, (hie morning, If fe at
peter that seer! indictments will he
found in eommeention with the aewer damage
oes
| It la heen that the February Grand Jury
|} has spent rue time in the consideration
of the ewer damage claime and the Compe
trofler'« offiee hae figured to a large degree
| iv the clisetaston. It te atiel that the jurora
have hed vader consideration the action of
a former officiad who ta held in high esteem
| by the public, and at times the juvore wore
| almoet determined to refer to hita in at

 

lonat a presentment to be hanced tp te the
County Court, At last they decided net
to take any action at present, but to refer
the whole subject to the March Grand dury,
which will be aworn in on Monday.

Distriet Attorney Clarke refused to dis.
ours the matter inany manner, and Assistant
District Attorney Bilder, who has had charge
of the Grand Jury, waa equally uncom.
municative,

“The man referfed to," said an attaché
of the County Court, “is ao well known
that the present Grand Jury kind of got
weakkneed and has left it for the March
Grand Jury to handle.”

NEW PRESIDENT OF roRDIUUM.

 

|
|
Father Quinn, Yow Head of eaten College,
to Sueceed Father Collins,
Boston, March 1.—It became known
here to-night that the Rev. Daniel Quinn,
| head of Boston College, has been selected
as president of St. John's College, Ford-
ham, New York, to succeed the Rev, Father
Collins, for many years head of that inati-
tution, who, it is understood, will go to
Jamaica, West Indies, to engage in exten-
sive educational work.
Father Quinn is 45 years old and was
graduated from Mount St. Mary's College
| in Maryland. He also studied at the Uni-
versity of Athens, Greece, and at Berlin
University. After serving five years as
professor of Greek in the Catholic Univer-
sity at Washington, Father Quinn left for
Greece in 1880 and spent three years in
travel and research.

 

 

TO SERVE CHARGES ON DEUEL,
He Is Expected Hack From Florida To-day
to Meet Them.

It is expected that Justice Joseph M.
Deuel of Special Sessions will return from
Florida to-day, when the charges that
are to be submitted to the Appellate Divi-
sion asking for his removal will be served
on him, Howard 8S. Gans, who has drawn
the charges, has been informed by the
friends of Justice Deuel that he is not
trying to evade service ef the charges, but

is anxious to meet them,

A date will be set which will meet the
convenience of Justice Deuel when ap-
pearance can be made before the Appel-
late Division and the appointment of a
referee be asked for. Justice Deuel is
scheduled this mopth to be presiding Justice
of the Court of*Special Sessions. It is
probable that his colleagues, will make
some arrangement whereby another Justice
will relieve him.

JAPAN TO BUY RAILROADS,

Compulsory Sale to Government May Be
Effected -Question Splits Cabinet.
Spectak Cable Despatch to Tue Sun.
Tokio, March 1.—The Cabinet discussed
the nationalization of the private railroads
|
|

 

 

yesterday from afternoon, till midnight.
Takahira Kato, the Minister of Foreign
Affairs, withdrew froin the meeting at 5
o'clook and his resignation is considered
He is a son-in-law of Baron Iwa-
and

certain.
saki, the banker and mine owner,
family interests control his action,
Contrary to the previous supposition,
it is believed that the Government will
make the sale of the rouds to the nation
compulsory. Seventeen lines are con-
cerned, The plan is for the Government
to pay $260,000,000 for thein before 1911.
The real motive of the unification of
communications is to make the roads thor-
oughly available for military purposes.
A bill for their nationalization will be sub-
mitted to the Diet, probably next Monday.

 

MAJOR GILLETTE OUT OF ARMY,

\
By Accepting a Civil Office He Ceases to
He an Army Officer.

WasuINaTron, March 1.—Major Cassius
F. Gillette has lost his standing in the army
by accepting the position of chief of the
Bureau of Filtration of the city of Phila-
delphia, which he took from Mayor Weaver
yesterday. According to a clause in the
Revised Statutes, any officer of the army

who holds any civil office, either by election

or appointment, and every such officer who
ticcepts and exercises the functions of any
ivil office, shall cease to be an officer of the
army and his commission shail be vavaied,

The law has seldom beer. put into operation.

The resignation of Major Gillette has not
reached the War Department, and when
it does it will in no way affect the status of

his case. The face that Major Gillette was
sworn in by Mayor Weaver leaves no alter-
native for the War Departrnent, and Major
Gillette's name will be dropped from the
list. It is quite likely that the resignation
will receive no action whatever, Major Gil-
lette having already ceased to be an officer.

SUIT BY ST. REGIS NEIGHBOR.
Bullding of the Hotel Drove Him to the
Waldorf, McFadden Says,

John H. McFadden, a cotton operator,
| nea a suit now on trial before Supreme
Court Justice Amend and a jury, to re-
| cover $12,000 damages from the Thompson-
| Starrett Company for the trouble, incon-
venience and expense he was put to while
j the company was building the Hotel St.
Regis, next to his home.
| Mr. McFadden had leased the property
| adjoining the hotel excavation, and he
| alleges that the annoyances to which he
| and his family were put during the building
| and excavation were such that he had to
| rent apartments at the Waldorf and move
| his family there. The McFaddens stayed
lin the Waldorf sixty-four days, at an ex-
| Fear of $70. day, Mr. McFadden reckons
| that it cost him at least $100 a day altoget her
| to live at the Waldorf. The rest of the
| $12,000 is made up of items of damage to
| his furniture, and general inconvemence.
| During the excavation, Mr. MeFadden
i anys, stones crashed into the drawing
| room of his house, wrecking the furniture;
| an iron girder fell against the house, plumb-
| ing connections were loosened so that
| lea ages were constant, and in
| his house became untenantable,
| The company contends thet every known
eafoty device was user! and that every
| poseible pains was taken to prevent apy
| trouble to the adjoining property owntrs
or tenants, ‘

woo

PS

xeneral [

TWO CENTS.

SELF-DEFENCE, GIRL'S PLEA,

HERTHE CLAICHR'S COUNSEL SAT
POLICEMEN PREVED ON HER

~~ ome

Aa Werite eon Bich, weet Phoet the herent ton OFTEN,
Them te, hati the fe Contomned ap
Shall Phey bese Prete doter Mer tote
teva Matter of Fret Ament Mee iestnees

When the proseoution closed ite oaew
againat Berthe Claichea yesterday
had heen orodueed ta show that
Gertron had been lured to where he wae
billed by a letter coneooted bw her and
Policeman Harry Morton of the vloe aquad,
as Awatatant [ietriet Attorney Riv aatd in
hie opening. Morton waa not called hy the
prosecution, but he was immediately put
on the atand for Bertha, He denied that he
had written to Gerdron of was a party to
any echeme to lure him to Twenty fifth
atreet and Seventh avenue, where he wae
shot inthe back and killed by Berthe Claiohe
on the night of July #laet, Justices Davie
ruled, while Morton was being questioned,
that there was no evidence in the case te
show that there wae a conspiracy betwees
Morton and Berthe to kill Gerdron

Now counsel for the defence aay that they
will show that there was a conspiracy bee
tween certain policemen to send Berthe
to the electrio chair in order to save then-
selves from ciamiseal from the police foros,
bix-Jucdge Rosalaky toldthe jury that Berthe
was in mortal fear of Gerdron, that she
bought a revolverto protect hersel fand that
ahe carried the revolver the night she killed
him after she had sent a message to her
sister that he wanted to see her, She was
justified in killing him, counsel said,

For the first time during the trial Berthe
showed signs yesterday of the strain she ts
under, Mr. Rosalsky’s opening address
madehercry, and when hertwo sisters were
brought into the courtroom to be identified
by Policeman Morton, although they did not
look at her nor she at them, she sobbed for
several miputes,

There was an eager crowd of women
at the court. Most of,them wept also ané
seemed to be glad tobavethe chance. Thé
testimony was not so nasty, however, a@
had been hoped, The police figure cote.
siderably in the letters of Rerthe to Gere ‘
dron, The three letters which Mr. Ely
tried so hard to gét in on Wednesday were
admitted as evidence yesterday. They
were written in French to Gerdron leas
than two months before she killed him,
Mr. Ely's purpose was to show that Gerdron
and Berthe were on good terms. The let-
ters were written while he was at Wanaque,

a

N. J., and they were all addressed to M, ©

Gioberge, Villa Franchi, “for M. Emil.”
Two were written on May 18 and 19 re-
spectively and the third on June 15. These
are the letters; ;

Thursday, noon,

Dear JarrLe Para: [ am cooking those
little birds with mutmnia and we are all going
to eat them with a box of little peas. I have
my gus stove and it goes very well. Now,
my poor old map, | have been bothered by
the police. Yesterday, as 1 imagine, Mme.
Pierrot must have been pinched as she was
coming in with a customer, because they
never moved away from the door yester-
day and there was a stool pigeon there, who
was planted behind the stairs to see Where
we live, and the detectives were opposite,
I told Mme, Plerrot not to go out, so that
they wasted their time from 10 o'clock to
midnight, and they only wrlked to Seventh
avenue to the corner and then came back,
Finally, my poor old man, I hope that this
evening We will be kissing each other again,
The main thing is that they did not get me.
I do not see anything more to tell you ex.
cept that mamma is beter and thy little
Berthe Kisses you very wyrmly, as do the
whole family, who thank you for the birds
und wish you good day, I am hungry and
Jam going to eat well, and Lhope that you are
going to do the same, Your wife, who loves
you and thinks of you for all her life,

BERTHE,

P. S.--T have been to sea the proprietor -
of the saloon opposite about the detectives,
for he knows those who were there yesters
day. He told me that he would go to talk
to therm, Write me a Jittle letter also,

Friday, two hours after midday,

My DkArkLY BRLOVED LitrLe Man: Aas l
had forgotten to put in the ticket, 1 put it in
this. You ought to have my first letter to-
day, huh, is that so? Now, papa dear, yes-
terday We Were hot too much bothered in the
We saw them but once, and we were
ubleto escape, But as} was passing Twenty-
eighth street there was a detective there,
just at the corner, and naturally | saw him,
There was there the wife of Gustave Le Le
ios and the wife of old Lucien, It was not
my play to warn them and be taken myself,
The detective let me pass and then he ran
after the wife of old Lucien, who was taken,
If | had warned them, she would have saved
herself, and he would have taken me, espe-
cially as he knew me, because he had already
before arrested me ones, and he had told me
that be would let me go when he would be all
alone. There were women arrested, two in
Twenty-eighth street and one on Seventh
avenue, the wife of Monseau, and one whom
I do not know, Finally, papa dear, I am
very careful, as there is much danger, I
think that the horseshoe is bringing me
good luck in that matter, isn't that so, papa,
dear? Write me a letter or send one by some
one who is coming, Thine own wife for all
life, BERTHR.

Four hours after midday,

Dean BELovED LittLe Farner; I just
received thy letter with the ten cent stamp,
It was in August's home since the evening
of the 14th and I have peceived it to-day,
because I did not go:thére yesterday. My
dear old man, there is no news, but yesterday
for a while we were not working, for they
were hidden opposite, the same ones who
hed come up into our house, The business
does not go very well, but Ido all Lean, you
know that, don't you, my own old man? Come
when you wish, You tell me that you will
come Saturdey if it is not necessary for you
to come before, No, my old one, whenever
it will please you, It is hot enough here to
explode, that knocks usallout, This evening,
papa dear, 1 am going to eat a good bouillon
with beefsteak hashed in it. Is it notso, my
old man, that It will do me good? One does
not know what to eat, it is so hot. Titine
(the servant) does not get drunk, that’s all
right. All the family wish you sood-day
aud the little Berthe dear is always as pretty
as ever, Wo asked her where her godfather
is, and she looked all around, She under-
stands, you bet, I do not see anything else
to tell you, my papa dear, and | finish my
letter in sending 56,000,000 darling kisses.
Your own wile, BERTHE,

P, 8.--Don't forget the strawberries. Bring
six boxes.

The little Berthe referred to in the letter
is Berthe's sister's daughter.

After the letters had been introduced
Mr. Ely suddenly announced that the
prosecution's ‘case was closed, Some of
the things Mr. Rosalsky said in his openirg
were:

“We will establish to your satisfaction
that there was justification for sending
Gerdron to his grave, that the killing was

street,

 

850.00 to Pacific Coast Points 830,00
Via Erie KRatlroad, Tickets sold punt April 6.
800-1100 B'way, N. ¥.; 888 Fulton o.), U'klyn.—Ads,

 

Vv bey @au LU

apt

|

 

hae