‘
f
it

   

 

Training Young Men for the

South American Trade
The United States following example of
ae England in developing

s,

special An

 

=F =
VOL.

 

——- —

Mob

LXXXII.—NO, 295,

 

nteresting feature
in next Sunday's SUN.

 

+++

Hunts Governor

Who Spared Frank’s Life,
Storming Troops on Guar

 

Soldiers Drive Back Atlanta|

Crowd With Fixed |
|

Bayonets,

 

UGLY SPIRIT MAY
LEAD TO BLOODSHED

 

Georgia Executive Hanged
in Effigy in Many Parts |
of State.

 

BLAMES CONLEY IN
REVIEW OF EVIDENCE

 

Can Stand Abuse but Not
Accusing Conscience,
His Plea. |

 

Atuanta, June 21.—The action m
Gov. Slaton in commuting the sentence |
imposed on Leo M. Frank for the!

murder of Mary Phagan has stirred |Georgia Executive who saved Leo! The men

Atlanta and Georgia to a white heat.

A crowd of 10,000 persons formed in,
the centre of Atlanta to-night and!
after listening to speeches and de-!
nunciation of Gov. Slaton began a
march to the Governor's country home,
about six miles out.

Cries of “We want John M. Slaton,
Georgia's traitor Governor!” were
sounded constantly by the marchers.

The entire Fifth Regiment, Georgia
National Guard, was ordered out be-
cause of the demonstration by the mob.
against Gov. Slaton'’s country home.
One battalian went to the Governor's
home. This battalion at once fixed
bayonets, deployed and advanced on
the gathering crowd. |

The mob at once scattered in avert |

direction. The militia officers shouted
to the crowd that five minutes would}
be allowed for it to scatter and leave

As soon as this order was heard and! t

the soldiers advanced there was a rush]
to get away by the men who had heen
hooting Gov. Slaton.

Crowd Harla Bricks.

As the guardsmen advanced on the
crowd the latter scattered, but gath-
ered again near a pile of bricks and
began to hurl the missiles at the sol-
diers. Lieut. Parker was struck by a
brick, knocked down and painfully in- |

jured. Several other soldiers were
struck by bricks. |
The soldiers prodded with their!

hayonets several of the mob. This
angered the crowd and it assumed an
attitude of defiance, refusing to retire
further and resuming the hooting. It!
is Said the soldiers will not be ordered

to fire unless it becomes ahecintely |
necessary.
Gov, Slaton was seen on the porch |

of his home. It was said he wanted |
to address the crowd, but was /
persuaded by friends not to attempt it. |

There are many persons from Mar- |
*tta in the crowd and they are very

 

Nitter against Goy, Slaton and have |
heen urging their comrades to defy
the miliiia, Mary Phagan was born

  

‘n Marietta and was buried there.

When informed a mob was coming |
ts his home, Gov. Slaton said:

“The mob can come and tear me to |
pieces, but T will know that I have!
done what should be done to follow the
ght and uphold the honor of Georgia |
and the office I hold, The ones bird
‘re howling the loudest now are the
very ones who six months from now,
Wil be the first to approve my action
of to-day

“"T couldn't hang any man when
there was a doubt as to his guilt. IT
‘ould not sit here like Pontius Pilate
mdturn Prank over to be executed, I

 

  

Nad to do what was right, The whole |
‘hing is like this—the people whol
ar gall the talking have not read |
the evidence in the Frank case.” j

The crowd finally dispersed and the }
foliiers formed a cordon about the |
froinds. Martial law was declared in|
Mais of half a mile of the house.

\
Hinoged in Effigy.

Tridigna 1 meetings were held in
ma: Whe at whieh resolutions de-
f he Governor were adopted. |
\t M Where Mary Phagan was

iried, Gov. Slaton was |

‘ aii |

f “reat mass meeting at |
9 * Governor was bitterly de-

i ‘te size dummy was sus- |
| 'oo8 telegraph pole in the |

i with this inscription:
M. Slaton, King of the Jews

®

 

 

Aa
a

Fee

mo

 

bi

 

Gov. John M. Slaton,

M. Frank from death.

MAY PICK LANSING THIS WEEK. |

 

Wilson Fixpected to Name Bryan's
Suecessor,
J

lieve

WASHING?
Treason to be
the week Pres:

ne 21.-There is good
before the end of

   

that
lent Wilson will annouhee
the appointment of Robert

Secretary of

Lansing of
Mr
Lansing has been serving as Secretary
ad interim sir
fam J

New York as State
ce the resignation of Will-
Bryan abcut ten days ago

 

While a denial was made to-day that
the President had finally decided to
choose Mr. Lansing as the Premier of
his Cabinet, it {s understood
hag been made.

hat the

selection Uniess there

Js a change of programme announcement

of the appointment probably will be}
made this week
Mr. Lansing had a conference with
President to-day Hie started to-
night for Hamilton, N. Y., to attend

the commencement exercises of Colgate

College.

DALLAS WELFORD ARRESTED,
Held te “Lig
Front of J.

for Shonting Threats in
K,

Dallas Welford, an English actor

Hackett's Home.

who
Starred in this country seven years ago
in “Mr. Hopkinson”

under the manage-

ment of James K. Hackett, ard now liv-
ing at 144 West Seventy-second street,
was arrested early this morning
charged with shouting threats before
the home of Mr. Hackett at SS West
Seventy-second street August Bo ful
len, Mr. Hackett’s caretaker, made the
complaint

Mr. Hackett was entertaining friends |

last night when Welford and ano
man stopped before his house. Welford,
according to Mullen, screamed abuse at
Mr. Hackett and demanded that he pay
him $50,000 he said Mr. Hackett owed
him. Mullen, Matthew Hanlon and John
Jay Smith, employees of Mr. Hackett,
seized Welford and held him until the
arrival of Patrolman Heany,

  
  

 

In the West Sixty-eighth etreet station

Welford insisted that Mr. Hackett owed
him $50,000, and “he'd get it too.” Mr

| Hackett telephoned the station that he

wanted the charge
the West Side court

pressed to-day in

RADIOS COMING FROM PANAMA.
Arlington Station tn Touch Day
and Night With New Large Plant,

WASHINGTON, June 21 Tt an-
rounced at the Navy Department to-day

 

WHS

that radio communication is

now going
on at all hours between the Arlington
siation, near Washington, and the new
sation at Darien, Panama Canal Zone.

The Darien station, one of the largest in
the world, ia one of a chain with which

ihe navy wi eventually cover almost a
cuarter of the globe

There are three 600 foot towers of
steel frame work at the Darien station,
which marks a new departure in radio
installation because the apparatus used
is of the are type, or continuous oseilla-
ton, Kuropean nations still use the old

tivle spark type.

SULTAN OF TURKEY ILL.

German Physictan at Bedside, Sayan
Message Vrom Berlin

 

Berurn, via London, June 21 The
Tageblatt says that the Sultan Mehemed
is jll at Yildiz Kiosk and that Prof
James Adolf Israel, widely known Ger-
»man physician, is at his bedside The

+. ‘Traitor Governor.”
, | foxerner was also hanged in|
teat Woodstock and other places,

 

character of the Turkish ruler's ailment
is not disclosed,

 
   

 

 

, wds marched through —_-— eee
4 ets all day denouncing E SAM PROMOTE
( Hive arrests were made UNCL M $ 12,000.
day for disorderly con-
d near beer saloons and Order E@ectlyve July 1 Advances
ibs were cloged, | Clerks and Clty Carriers,
; ; of Leo M. Prank and Gov | Washinaron, June 21. Twelve thou.
a oD ware : nee Qa ce Bia it ‘sand clerks and city carriers first
\, park at the on HtaAtlon. | ong second class post offices throughout
eit and set on fire, After | ,
” the country will get promotions on July
" sere dragged blazing through Jance with an order issued |
pal streets of Newman, ac- cuelatant abn stay ne if
about fifty automobiles ee ; eeUate
: effigies were hung ot
jua sign which is stretched | , cit as oa:
treet at the court house UNEACELLED THROUGH PULLMAN
fin the dau } t ; MAINE RESORTS,
tte othe day a crowd, after | pyy Rockland Breakwater
i ' denunelatory addresses from June Vi, NEW MOUNT
Mooseh 1 take, June 26

Continued on Fifth Page. |

   

KER HOTEL CU

 

Hooklets on request Ith

~ Adi

 

NEW

| BEECHER BODY
' REMOVAL OPPOSED

 

| ‘
Plymouth Chureh Members
Try to Block Plans of Me-

morial Association.

 

APPEAL TO RELATIVES

 

One Son Has Consented to
Scheme, but Two Others
Haven't Been Asked,

———__—

Sentimental but serious opposition to
the plans of the Henry Ward Beecher
Memorial Association to remove the

great preacher's body from an obscure
plot In Green-Wood Cer
in the corridor of

Brooklyn, which he

   

y to a crypt
5 h Chureh
founded, threatens

to start another dispute among the mem-

  

bers of the congregation This oppos!-
tion, which {ft ts said, is now largely
an undertone of feeling, may also pre-
vent the disinterment, though membere
of the memorial committee yesterday
liscounted or denied its existence

The plan to place the body !n a
sarcophagus in or near the church oulld-
ing Was proposed at least twelve years
ago in a sermon by the pastor, the Rev

Dr. Newell Dwight Hillis, and in a reso-

lution adopted at that time by a meeting

 

of leading members of the utch As
|far as can be learred, however, it was
not opposed until recentiy, when a com-
nittee was appointed by the directors
of the memo } association to get es-
timates on the crypt and to arrange the

rial association, the direc-

 

} tors of which were named years ago, has

 

 

   
 

 

obtained the sent of Henry Ward

Beecher's executor, his son, Col, Willlam

(B: Beecher, a member of Plymout
449 .

Church, who lives at
Heights) He and his wife,
suported the memorial ym and
Dr. Hillis the proposal the ott
hand, cer nbers of the ce
grecation rmer parishioners,
have been called at times the
Guard,” do not want Beecher's body
moved
The

 

Asse

 
  

 
    

 

"Old
re-

 

objection to the disinterment Is

 

 
     

YORK, TUESDAY,

RUSSIA T0 ABANDON |

who}

purely sentimental, but the members of
Viymouth who feel that such a scheme
would be an offence to the dead intend
to firmly as soon as definite steps |
are taken by Dr. Hillis and the memorial |
associath One of their means, it is
understor will be to write to Mr
Heecher’s other sons, Henry and UWer-
bert, in Seattle, Wash., and get them to

volce their feelings against the removal. | sians is the drive being made by the

Beecher's Wishes Quoted.

The opponents gf the memorial asso-
elation, both and former
bers of ymouth congregation, include

present

    

    

 

mem- |

few cl personal friends of the late

eacher. They assert that it was Henry |

Yard Beechers w . often expressed in
lis private conve tions, that his body
he unmolested after 1, One of those}
friends of Mr, Beecher said yesterday

that she knew him to quote Shakespeare
expressing tnis wish and that
the church members who er

Hil

five in

 

some of

ltained her views had gone to Dr

 

privately to obtain his intercession with!

the memorial association

Dr, Hillis himself has gone west for
is summer Vacation and will not again
ippear in the pulpit at Plymouth until
‘ond week in September Mrs
also jis out of the city, as are
direct the memorial
principal member, Col
Willlam ©. Beecher, a son of late
preacher and a lawyer, is at Buck Hill
Falls, Pa., ter the summer, so thelr
of the controversy was unavailable

Inquirers at llymouth Church vester-
day were referred to Horatio «
King, clerk of the church and secretary
of the Henry Ward Beecher Memorial
Association King stated emphat-
jeally that he had heard of no objection
or opposition to the removal plan on the
part of any present or former members
of Plymouth Chureh and did not think
M: teecher had ever expressed a wish
about the disposal of his body

)

the «#e
Hillis

many of rs of

 

the
association. The

the

 

Side

tien

Gen

One Son Approves Plan.
“Somebody is always trying to start a
row in Plymouth Chureh, you know,” he
said, “but usually there is nothing to the

talk, The congregation of Plymouth is
in favor of the plan and we have ob-
tained the consent of Col. William «

Beecher, his father’s executor, We would
! have the body placed in the erypt this
hut for the difficulty in getting
the committee together now.”

surnimet

Gien. King admitted that Mr. Beecher’
sonk in Seattle had not heen asked for
their approval, and the opponents of the

memorial association's scheme

these two s

say that
ms and other relatives of the

 

|

THE WEATHER FORECAST.

Partly cloudy to-day; probably showers
by to-night; fair to-morrow.
Highest temperature yesterday, 73; lowest, 69.

Detailed weather, mail and marine re ports on page lb

JUNE 22,

1915.—copyrignt, 1915, by the Sun Printing and Publishing Assoctation

| PRICE TWO CENTS.

{MERICAN CITIZEN ADMITS HE POSED AS.
LEMBERG TOFOES' «DR MEYER’ TO SEE IF U. S. OFFICIALS
COULD BE BRIBED TO SELL KRAG RIFLES

 

Will Evacuate City to Keep
Her Armies Intact, Is
Belief.

 

 

 

 

Facsimiles of Contracts Exposing Meyer-Gerhard Hoax
First a reproduction of war contract printed in a New York newspaper, which alleged to|

RAWA-RUSKA Faunted

Friend, He
Dickered With Mrs, Selma
Lewis for Weeks.

PICKED OUT TITLE
|
| SIMPLY AT RANDOM

OCCUPIED by

 

prove Dr. A. Meyer to be Dr. Meyer-Gerhard. Below is a copy of same contract written on the
same typewriter in this city yesterday, the signature being written by a man now here who.
says he posed as Dr. Meyer in dealing with Mrs. Lewis, and signed the original contract.

Germans Bombard Zolkiew
and, With Austrians, En-
circle Capital.

 

SRERLEY PMOoTO 4ERVIC

 

 

 

  

  

  

|
-_~—_-- |

For services rendered me and those I represent in securing the Pure

   

 

 
 

Special Cable Deapatch to Tur Sts

Lonxpon, June 22 (Tuesday).—I!t 19
believed here to be a foregone conclu-
that Lemberg will fall to the ad-
iz German within a few
northwest
Zoiklew ; |

chase from the U. 8. government of approximately 343,000 Kraig Joera

 
 

gensen Rifles and as many rounds of ammunition as constitute one rifle

ston

 
 

| Declares He Never Tried to
Himself

arnies

  

hours

and 1.000 rounds per unit, I promise and agree to pay to Mrs. Selma

 
 

One army from the Re ° ne
: | vepresent as
is descending by way of

 

 

Lewis @ix per cent (6%) ag her commission on the total amount of pur-

 
      
    

Spite, Wades <8 SoU oF Ue Dr. Meyer-Gerhard,
and ts now fighting for the last range of onase price paid to the U. S&S. Government-and to Capt. a ake sen

hills which protects the city from the : — _ —
big guns of Germans, and still a third: total of approximately $17 ,826 ,900.00. This commission is to be paid REA Dy ro DIS¢ Lt ISE

   
 

army ts going north from the Dniester

NAME WHEN ASKED

With the Teutons reenforced by great |

in case of purchase of above goods through Capt. This
commission must de paid at time of purchase and receipt of Bill of

Salie from U. 8B.

 
 

masses of troops from Fast Prussta and
from the western front, according to the
belief of Petrograd, it is !mpossible for
nd The hope

 
 

Millions

| Involved—Nearly
| Half Was to Go to Men

 

the Russians to make a sti

   

Government.

of military observers in London is now Wi 4
not that Lemberg is held but that the
e ‘ ‘
Grand Duke will be able to withdraw New York, March 8th, 1915 -) ’ ehind scenes,
his armies Intact even to the Russian : -

   

 

frontier

The late Petrograd
s morning are authority for the state-
that the Germans have been heavily
Tt is be
Kaiser hopes to paralyze and crush the

Cespatches from

how

The told the
efforts of Jorcian Gore rnments to gain

SUN yesterday

 

  

BOS .000 Nrag-Jorgen
Vnited

reenforced ved there that the

 

| possess’ moot the
|

condenned by the

Mrs. Selma Lewis and part of her contract with Dr
by the Federal government to keep them out of the hands

sen rifles

Alfred Meyer for the purchase of 350,000 Krag rifles hetd

of the Allles. Below the signature of Dr. Meyer is shown but still unsold, had led to the

 

     

   
 

Ru ns so that the Germans wiil be ; : States,
att toad th. Gand, SEN te Deak One his registry at the Ritz Hotel as Dr. Meyer-Gerhard. offer of a S1.200.000 campaign contre
British advance in the west when it bution to President Wilson, which wea
begins e indignantly refused

The German tosses have been co- For services rendered me and those I represent in securing the Pur Beets cuodieniae wanda
lossal, Petrograd reports, but the losses . aid , ‘ : ' ; '
have been replaced mainly by  with- chase from the U. S. government of approximately 343,000 Kraig Joer- Irmed in Washington nesterdan

ae *, ’ tok | Rut of all the strange tales told
drawals from Fast Prussia. However
the Bourse Gasctta estimates that 30 gensen Rifles and as many rounds of ammunition as constitute one rifle about the machinations of commission
per cent. of the German forces’ which ers and agents, sechkina to make a
were in Franco and Belgium early tn and 1,000 rounde per unit. I promise and agree to pay to Mre. Selma fortune quickin by the purchase of
April are now on the eastern front. The | these guns from the Garernment and
newspaper expects, from the reports of Lewis six per cent (6%) as her commission on the total amount of pur- their resale to a belligerent, none ta

the incessant stream of troop trains more dramatic and absorhinea than the

which are passing east and south through | chase price paid to the U. S. Government and to Capt. a story, substantiated by letters and

Cracow, that more are coming documents, which Tun Sen printe
Zolkiew Bombarded. total of approximately §$17,826,000.00. Tnis commission is to be paid this morning

be reeaiied that Count von

 

in case of purchase of above goods tnrough Capt. This

ternstorff’s good faith as Ambassador

 

The dangerous element to the Rus-| It will

 

 
    

 

 

 

   

    

 

 

 

German left wing, which, after taking to this country was assailed last week
Rawa-Ruska, struck southeast along commission must be paid at time of purcnase and receipt of Bill of in a news article charging that Dr
the line of the rallway and at last re- . Anton Mever-Gerhord, German Red
ports was bombarding Zolkiew, about Sale from VU. 8. Government. a r : tenis a who i ad 4 “ yak
}twelve milea north of Lemberg, with a 3 Lt 7, £. eee oe bs are

good chance of taking the town within New York March 8th 1915 = -, eo ~ to “a nee nndet BS POLE UGH ths) kine
a few hours | ® ae = United States as Count von Bern

With Zolkiew in German hands there »storfs messenger to his Government,
will be nothing to interfere with the was realle Dr. Meyer, ao German
German advance to Kulikow, where they An Areconoe a” Llbek eK farmy officer. It was further asserted
can strike at the railroad line, which ¢ b fae pew ee es > that the Ambassador had knowingly
would enable them to proceed further a ke *rnaidor Nant to giving
to the east and attempt to cut the line a - tod President Wi S08 ARTO RYE Re
which goes into Russia by way of afe convoy home to a man who had
Brody 4 . been busing arms an: mmiupitie ;

The Times correspondent says to- | Tne above was written on same t¥pe writer 48 original contract Leite Ore GAG AEOY p ”
night that now the routes from the west ptale ry and studying America’s

yithir he zone of the erce tl ‘ as 5 redness for r

ee Ata ae HE aera e eeree etl which was signed by "Dr. A. Meyer.” pared for wit,
ery fire the enemy, Lemberg is indians Caiatmmeien Tur Sun ty his ‘ning ¢
lost its importance as a railway . ee ae
ah GhbAbs of keine willises to: ; = | story of a Unit Sites citizen whieh
distribution of military supplies The | | Sheds light on what the = re fuets
tool totiat0"! "Tou" FIRB DAMAGES NIXON GERMAN PAPER SEIZED | POPE BLAMES BOTH a
region will necessitate some readjust- vere that led to the publication of so
ment on the Dniester front in favor of Histaken a tale concerning the iden
a less vulnerable line GUNCOTTON PLANT FOR [J N } tit e t Mover }

The Times despatch save that in view ‘ ' IE ne Ty ever and Jo Mever
of the strength of the Russtan position fierhard Phis man, whe supports the 5
on the Tanew River front no immediate ee . -_- ~-- tituaele n the matter taken bw the
development of the German offensive is : : , , State Departmer ! '
anticipated in that quarter. Apart from | New Jersey Company Suffers) Kaiser's Officials Refuse to Al-; Aeenses Germans of Atrocities SU’ Dertttment. declares that tt
the sentimental considerations {involved ) : | Wis he who posed deliherately as Dr.
in the abandonment of the Galician cap 820,000 Loss—German | low Count von Reventlow's ; but Considers British Meyer, Privy Councilor of the Virst
ital so dear to Russian hearts, there ; et whee we

jare legitimate grounds for congratu Rumors Afloat. Writings to Appear. Blockade Inhumane Rank and Chief of the hepartment of
} tion on the preservation of the I oa Supplies of the Imperial German Min

great preach do not want the body to |
be disinterred,

Henry Ward Beecher is burled with!
his wife in an obscure plot in Green-
Wood, the location being a mile and a
half from one entrance and half a mile
from another When Dr Hillis first
proposed the disinterment, In 1903, it

Was suggested that a Beecher memorial

mansolenm be built in a proposed
Iteecher Park
Since then, however, Mymouth Chureh

the
is taken

property adjoining tt,
part of which up by the John
Arbuckle memorial, leaving 4a small
Heecher Park between the memorial
building and the church
this park, facing Orange street, is a
statue of Henry Ward Beecher and a
bas-relief of Abraham Lincoln Both
back against a corridor running between
the ehurch and the Arbuckle
louildirg,
It is {n
cophasus
are
erypt had

Woodruff

has acquired

  
  

this corridor that the sar-
will be built if the present
carried out A desien for the
already been submitted by
Leeming, the architect) who
designed the Arbuckle memorial It is
estimated that the erypt will cost up
ird of $2,000 and will tuke almost two
build

plans

months to
BULLET PREVENTS WEDDING.
el ee ce Alma at Target,
bot Wilts Hin Mlanceec,

Conn June 21

Harrrorp Joseph

Mark of Middlefield, Conn., was to be
married this evening to Annie Propost
and the wedding guests were assembled
on the lawn of the home of the bride's
parents, im Middlefleld, this afternoon,
When Joseph tried to show his skill at
target practice with a revalyer found In
the hous

He playfully pointed the gun at his
flineee and weceidentaliy pulled the trig.
ger, the bullet lodging in the girls ab
domen She was rushed to the Middle-
| wex Hospital in Middletown The sur

geons say she will probably die,

A

At the rear of ;

memorial ,

  

 

 

armies intact, with unimpatred capac

‘ —_—_---——

ip istry of War

  

      
      

 

 

    

      
   

   

 

    

 

   

 

   
  

   

 

 

 

 

      

 

 

 

 
   

 

 

 

to resume the initiative when the mo- ° o f }
ment arrives |} Metrvcuen, N. J, June 21 A fire Ru a Staf Correspondent of Tur Ses Paria, June 21.-——-La Liberte, an eve Tle says that the impersonation took
, | A | tt June 2 ‘ pind v ny nut tl imy sn} jn (
which threatened to destroy Lewis Special Cable Despatch to Tuw Sux | lint etn x ‘ ; Vel
. a ring ewsna per publishes a pur- Naee fy Shbruary ane ee he
Katser to Celebrat.e (Nixon's $200,000 guneetton plant here Bertin, via London, June 21 The et : : re mace ’ ebruary and Mareh last;
ox es ports toa by uw nterview with ‘ope thar ’ { f }

Emperor William, who watched the to-night did approximately $20,000 dam-| Tageszeitung was suppressed this after. | : “a , es mf out of it came confusion and

: a li « f 8S corresponder ter ‘ ste ' ’
battle at Beskid preceding the capture iwe before it was got under control noon because of an article written by Bene oT inyetery and his disuppearanee, fol.

Gr . sty 2 2 ter 7 : ‘ i shic the Pope is quote aS ®uy-
oe ane ene r seanauarters Five employees received burns, bui!Cecunt von Reventlow fn to-day's issue ni whieh eae aA . ‘ ‘ wing a series of dramatie and ro-
fear e Grodek line and is expected to ' 4 nz that both sides ! the war have
attend a great Te Deum, which it ig Were not seriously injured | dealing with the American note. fc , ‘3 : mantic developments: that after the

oe whien it if is aA tive 4 ‘ eon guilt f atrocities ‘ o
planned to celebrate in Lemberg when This was the second sire to acct ie suppression is taken as evidence, '"! eb y : : : a. departure of Dr. Mever- Gorhard eer
that place is captured Preparations the drying room of the plant sit of the Government's intention not to! the sinking of the Lustanta with hore fn persons who had
are being made in German cities fur a Nixon company began the manufacture hI d red t vl , POTSOUS Who had met the novstes
7 tt | . mit irresponsible persons to endanger ‘ :
great celebration and holiday. The Of explosives for the Allies less than a/ perm . Pe . . blockade Au \ ! Germany i 1s Dr. Meyer” became convinced
schools will be closed month age the negotiations between Germany and . ; : it Dr. Mever , . \

The Vetrograd correspondent of the A rumor afloat here to-night was to! America ad ' RENO # - f BcAbOyer Ando M} foyer-Ge
Daily Mail sends a despatch to-night the effect that the fire was started by po The correspondent spoke of the s hard were one and the same person
telling of an official proclamation cajl- German ind Austrian sympathizers Lonpon, dune 21 Parts of the fore-! tence of the Pope on the erin or * The result was the pub ition of ft
ing upon Russians to remain calm over Cfticers of the Nixon company made! going despatch have been suppressed! war os } a re 1 as ge by = or the
the situation, as the day of retribution (enials, but Wis said that an Investi- by the British censor Franee rhe J replied tha y hews article in’ New York alleging
will come It is issued by the General &ation wou d be ma le, There a veral ” ¥ 7 person With that idea was unlit rined that the two men were really the sine
Staff and is posted everywhere hundred Germ mployed in the plant Benuin ne 21 The form and sub-) He had we for pence 1 ;

It assures the nation that the official It was Asse “| that the the was stance of the German reply to the! deavored to bring Ait 4 min,
despatches explain the situation fully ¢tused by spontaneous combustion, in} American note are now under con peace ar inexchange of | x. UO
and declare that gossip which goes be- the opinion of those working in the dry sideration by the Foreign Office officials, ! the Lausit rv dlisaete es Patriotism to U. 8. Hise Motive.
yond that is attributable to persons who !2& room, but it was not denied that) ing it is expected that the finest draft I do not woof a frig ya
are either timorous or evil disposed it was possible for enemies of the Alles) oy on. note will be « mpleted at the | misdeed it do you be The pseudo Dr. Mever savs that he

"The situation ought to become better te have started the blaze, | his week. It wht then be sent | ade which thro t na was actuated by patriotic motives as
every day,” it says witn regard to am- Germans WOrKINg IN ee ‘¢ plant are | William at headquarters,!) and Austria rile ' s oof Americnys ‘ina i
munition, and the number of men who Under ye eben surveillance of alo likely that the note will be innocents te fami: vas really pired merican en in | neous “his

j © O8 . o 2 , orce private tectives, it was sak . _ : se! vy Ps ’
oan b called to the colors still reaches i eal igen a aks he a { r transmission until the end! by humane ser ‘ ‘ Iixeellency Dro Mevey nning the
many millions, l y ; a ak Whe the ' es wer KMUERMANAL high Haka ieARin a
“It may be some time before Russia Yi? all parts of the three hundred | ta an Pee Hk KE Mame Maia hat lieeriaie an ta : t ' rock coat
| assumes & vigorous offensive again,” it“ we SAPRISUEERR), NERSES $0,068 a a | aah ana TAeeaha wate It is presumab!e | “The Austr i on , and engaging in var ferences
| “ { . a8 runeotton i n out daily, placed
| adds, “but it is quite certain that it will & : Seatac ~ from the emphasis that naval writers, Russ sO t ("a u 1 ow Mrs. Selma Lew who has
be assumed with results that will be both '% Scows on the Raritan River and Ut SO inAe OR Grant iesliainis praee | that onee they 11 low ai
‘ . . Vor taken to Gravesend Bay for shipment tu ‘ ae 4 um ef . , mn? Be one ey uM ‘ : Sus WL flrured in the prints taly = -
rushing and durable For ten months i Palana eee , tiee of tying neutral flags and the eon ng barrier, expos lem toot , He says
se ite pr gd chief piunden and 'snale Te er aT seqiier npossibility for eubmarines The Hishop ‘ ‘ t tt he soul vid \ h he he-
suffe rec ie P es osses of the allied vai sn LA lint } grat ‘ =
unite ose clreumstances to observe tl Italian soldic the siume with eig ved ex that '
cpuae AL? nae greatly helped the SItMiA- LORD GRANARD GOES TO WAR. regulations of visitation and search that teen Aust | " ted
it ™ » > . . # S te ( “ ere 7 j tn ‘

man ' . he time will come —— this argument will be an important part With reference to Louvain, the Rheims Aten ' % accept
When she will emerge from her misfor- . rf) ia Ginth nthanen o fnlela . raft for the us eek ota. a
tunes stronger than ever. Meanwhie Ulasband of Former Miss Milla ¢ le note Mhedral aN Belgian alrocitie ie rt ro e of ' lence to
she confidently looks for the f he t cs i It seems more probable that thia mat Pope i ji the release of 100 riftes

E 1 aithful Decorated by King George, ter will be made a subordinate part of Phe Germans sav their troops were
Allies to carry the war forward and oe ; ; } 1 , ‘ , , , which President W : bos
give Germany no rest.” LONDON, June 21 The King to-day the note and that genuine effort wil) be) flred up Leary t Rheuns erned

The Petrograd correspondent of the ‘Vested the Karl of Granard with the made to give a direct reply to President Cathedral w Is Lust ! ‘ nh observation umtil the end of t Kur in war. He
Daily Telegraph says: Grand Cross of the Royal Vietorian Wilsen’s request post by the Ire Phere were Arnlta eit ; , ee

"As pressure is being continually Order on the occasion of the Marts de- Seatac that Cardinal M wer on heen urrested " . ee

' mens , rf » fro » KR but that wos not true © Was newer these @usplefons, thou, it st he
maintained against the Russians, accord. Uarture for the front with the Royal sa " ’ : ] ’ ne

, ing to the hypothesis current here, it is PPish. ae SAYS SWEDEN NEEDN'T FEAR. urrestedd,  Cien. von Blessing, Military believed them to be tr
by no means improbable that before long lord Granard, who, like hia wife, for- Governor af Belgium, write nmin o. late 1. mr < ‘ = a at
a iN Ata : ten avin Porm ane vs th in has t ' reely ta

the enemy will regain possession of [,em. Merly Beatrice Mills of New York, is a “ : " er saying tha ‘ hohe will pune
berg and even push the Russians back | (l@se friend of the royal family, retived Russian Paper Declares the Cran joy severely any act against the @} urch representatives of Tre Ss has
to thelr own frontier, Indeed there are ie day Maatet of the Horse atte ' Seeha Southern Outlet Only, or any of its minister aleeacihat diet present his name be
s f t for velo f WVIng actos or elgh rears on ’ _
1} # that for aren Snare the roaaity He raised and trained ah Special Cable Despatch to Tum Sus GERMAN INTERCESSION with} 1 Pom Sus i nto

tussian command will give up the eon. | $h9 ormeite = tes) $ s : ai x ns , 7 ; ; ™~ ;
quered territory rather than run any battalion he now leads | kK roukab, June <} There s “ . FAILS. ; nine Wye mais uaa

} mu Neasiness over the attitude of -
serious risks In its defence. ane 7 u ' : is i _ Ae i la ie } RESUS } ‘ n forw 1a
. ‘ eden to ‘ ss) 1 » é that " - P : .

“Such a step would have at first a de- Life Savers Honor Mes, Littleton. ; ee i f the ‘ he Eat ; ae ¥ A A Parce-Bulgarian Negotlitions Res tae

,, ; nany © he nu kpapers carry editoriat sist? ek bn Alte :
yressing effect upon the popul; 1 . \ Neces y © Federal aut}
he re, but ihe Grane Duke Pw + mind MANHASRET, I, 1, June 21 As a comment upon it Phe Bourse Gasette ported to He at a Deadlock, t " f
BAK IMAIIRA OR Tha enna’ ao las, wn testimonial of her + fforts in Washington asks wherein Sweden ean discern ans Special Cable Despatch to Tur 8+ require Mie Ses able to
raliss ces, has so far wien at ae rider >| real ground for coniile aie = ae 3 ais )
shown himself strong enough to ignore to secure the passage of a bill to unite real ¢ Ind for confliet with Rusela and Loxpon, Juna 21 The Daily Maittg fur r that he has t nin usiness

{ “ the life saving service with the navy repudiates the suggestion that Russia ise rrespondent t Sofla tel t
wll considerations, but those directed t ; ne el in New York for te vears dthat by
yet Saat at at i eeled BY | under the tithe of const guard service seeking a north outlet to th eu the Turco-Bulgarian pewor ’ ul at hy
re ara be ye tl rAtegion _iitereats In | Mrs. Martin W. Littleton was presented She seeks, 1 Newspaper leciares porbewedioeis fate sand (pect ' } ab SHESD, AF ; , sdvanced
Ny) pra tre a wie my art attain Nis | yesterday at her home in Viandome with) only a free exit through the Dardanelles | tereession steadily In his prof f
a ; ry oy EE * al i. blow Atl a gold necklace. Capt. Arthur Dontiny and all Kurope recognizes that she is The Bulgarian M ter has left Gor The story is rema ecause ¢
ihe ‘ BAl. yi » P et ay 2 ‘ns . ” , ! ,
‘ 8 Ma wien are her | of Bay Shore and Capt, Reinhardt, two) entitled to that When Russia obtains | stantinople, and it is reported at the | reves @ series of mysterious cons
Continued on Third aa veterans of the life suving service, made jthat ehe will not need any other sea | Turkish Minister is about to leave Sofia, , ferences such as have characterized

the presentation,

routes,” the newspaper concludes, as complications are feared

| many incidents in connection with the

4

»