x

—o

Ye

  
   
  

 

“Vol, LXVIL—NO. 346

——————— - =
HOTTEST OF THE SUMMER.

YESTERDAY'S MAXIMUM TEMPERA-
TURE WAS 05.1 DEGREES.

 

 

Records Broken fm the Last Four Days ef
Torridity-A Score of Deaths From the
Heat in Manhattas and The Bronx Yester-
day—Faint Hope of Relief Coming To-day.

There have been days in remote Augusts
when the temperature has been higher than it
was yesterday, but there never have been four
days “hand running” in the harvest month
with heat records more enervating than those
of the quartet of broilers ending yesterday
No August days of the same dates have been
able to hold a candle to the big four of this swel-
tering season. There was enough torridity
to melt any ordinary candle, anyhow. The
high temperatures of Aug. 8, 9, 10 and 11 were
eclif ed

Yesterday was not only the hottest Aug. 11
on the books of the official meteorologists; it
was also the hottest day of the summer, For
three morta! and sizzling hours the meroury
was bubbling around or slightly above 95 de-
This was away up in the air, where

grees
the influence of the stewing bricks and stones
and the hot walls of steel and granite are only
slightly felt. Down in the air we try to breathe
and are forced to walk through, being un-
provided = with aérial transportation, the
thermometers Were much more fervent than
the official recorder Their performances were
pot all of a piece. Some that faced the glow-
ing furnace of the sun made folks stare and
wipe their brows by registering nearly 110,
Others in shaded places close to the sidewalk
and hitched to irou lampposts showed from
© 10, degrees
vey tattling breeze from the west suved the

oficial mereury from breaking tfre August
record, lt Was 4@ spirited contest between the
wind and the mereury for @ time. The wind
got in its noblest Work at 2:25 in the afternoon,
when the mercury Was trying to vault over
the ninety-fifth bar It was whistling a
go-mile tune then and making the flugs on
the high towers stand out like tin signs. But
it lost « bit of its cooling force later and wt 3:15

the thermometer smashed the summer record

) pegintering 91 degrees. ‘Then the mercury
7 i yot below the ninety-fifth bar.

Meanwhile other burs all over town were
doing a greater business thun any of the mer-
wwrial ones. Gumbrinus had # joyous Cae,

Jovotees of fizz crowded the drug an
4 store fountains, alter gazing at the
the:orters before the stores to satisly them-
selves that they were really warm and needed
cooling drinks

The percentage of humidity fortunately
we: not high, otherwise there might have been
many more deaths and prostrations. The
laborers of the town who work unsheltered
in the open air were not numerous when the
heat was greatest. They had taken their
vsual Saturday half-holiday, and that was
xnother reuson the mortality was lower than it
might have been on a midweek day, All suf-
fered who worked in the sun out of doors even
in the morning. ree one - aon cee
used up by resisting the hew' e
ilar Oar and by loss of sleep in the breath-
less ovens of the tenements.

Thousands slent on fire escapes and on roofs
Inst night ax they bed on the night hefore.
4 multitude sought reliot at the seashore but
fonnd mighty little, as the winc was of shore,
and after eweeping cver the parched city and
she limp and innistureless vegotation of Bruok-
vn bogemuh i Bae wisi in it to reccmmend
it to folks seeling coolness

ats ore = night theofficial comer
registered $8 degress, which was so
grees hotter than the record at the samo hour
ou_the might befcre.

The held out
a dim, indefinite hope of better ‘i to-
day, All true priogh eta have a epirtt
of indefiniteness. He of the Yor, Bueea

°

sad that the indications were

“generally fair” hereabouts, and “not so w f

also, he ventured to say that it

on Monday, with northweet winds,
Philadelphia was one of the hottest places

in the country at 8 o'clock last night, wit

temperature of 100 degrees, Wash ‘on tri

to sleep with the thermometer at same

figure. Even down at AUantic City, with the

coo ing ocean at the front door, the mercury

and the ¢
sodaw ale

be “fair

combed up to 9% d >
At the city  coniians there was arene wetter.
yesterday. At levue

u

ralients who were strong enough sought the
fir scapes and pelooates. wie wouses, a
hid tu be watche nurses, who w om
exhisted thomectves, babies the Mar-
qd pavilion particularly suffered.. Through-
out the institution all one could hear and see
wos heat, and attendants fluttered here and
there with feeba and fans. Dr, Cannon,
whe had shares at the dispensary, said that be-
tveen sinty and seventy bles were brought

’ arms

¢ from the heat
Mir

to his department tn their mo’ .
siffering from tfoubles caused by the heat.
He supplied more than §00 adults with medicine
fore mplaints due to the torridity.

Molhers oegged Supt, B to send their
childre: to Randall's d to be

ept just
duriig the hot spell and mary of were
accommodated,
Hudson street and Gouverneur hosnitals were
overworked with heat cases and had to call on
Re'levue to help them out on ambulance calls,
Murgaret Fleming, 13 years old, went out
on « fire escape Friday night to keep cool.
Her little brother Joe cama out to awaken her
as her mother waa ill. The boy nudged his
sister in the side and she fell off the fire escape
landing on her head and breaking her neck.
These deaths in Manhattan and The Bronx
were reported to the Coroner's office yesterday
an due to the heat:
DORIS, JOHN, 25 years old, 2015 Second avenue;
at bis home.
of AL, LEVI, 67 years old, 1249 Union avenue; at
store.
etre, PAUL, 18 months old, 193 First avenue;
@.

GRIFFIN, ELLEN, 47 years old, 244 East Eighty-
Seventh street: at her home.
HaGkRY, WILLIAM, 45 years old, 248 East Nine
— street; ou street in front of 1729 Second
nue.
HUSSEY, PATRICK, 47 years old, 166 East 127th
stret ; at his home.
JeNAaS, ~. 40 years old; om sidewalk in front of 146
Essex street
KNOWLTON, GEORGE, 24 years old, 508 West
Twenty-first street; at New York Hospital,
LEPACH, GEORGE, 4 months old, 349 East Ninety-
seeond street; home.
L8Vi, JOSEPH, 55 years old, 225 West 115th atreet;
at his home
Lucky, JAMES, 35, hosiler, 153 East Forty+hird
sont: ) ovtrated at home; died in ambulance on way
ospital,
McDoNOUGH. JOHN, 20 years old, 1091 Third
avenue; in Harlem Hospital.
MANDELBAUM, IDA, 50 years old, 83 Suffolk
str @'; at her home
MANGOOSR, FRANK, 70; at bis home, 327 East
Seventy Afth street,
at m3 HA, JOHN, 24 years old, 487 Tenth avenue;
us home,
Pitz, ANNIE, 18 months old, 552 West Fifty-fifth
Street: home
JRopp FLORENCR, 38 years old, 224 East 113th
Street: at her home.
Tovves, HENRY, 65 years old, 621 East Fifteenth
Street: at her home
hot » MICHAEL, 1 year old, 1793 Third avenue;

VASLPTT, ALEXANDER, 35 yearsold, 166 West
Uwe ty Afth street; at his home
tet! LAN, JOHN, 35 years old, 407 West Thir-
ent) Street: at bis home
An unidentified woman about 55 years old was
overcome by the hear at Willis avenue and 182d
fireet, She was taken to Harlem Hospital,
Where she died. The woman wore a heavy
‘ape and t ree wrappers, one blue and two
Pink ‘The police think that she had been
Out for a day's work and had been paid in

paalothes, which she tried to take home on her

a nkmund Drauve't, 3 years old, of 398 Fifth
Feet was instantly killed last night in front of
Bene hou-e | 25, near his Lome. Henry
rier (of 177 Avenue B_ stopped his
hoe ato let the firemen douse his
nie with water While the truck was stand-
WE. there, the baby climbed up on the rear

Se eey qt te horse started back when the water
yuck |t and the child ‘ell under the wheel and
Bitty s\lled. Its m ther witnessed its death.
valet Was arrested and leoked up in the Fifth
whe aan on on a charge of homicide, but
adr fe Croner Bausch investigated th» case he
note tim to tall, saving that Bittner was
, 1 © Diame ‘or the accident
city a Bowman of 46 Catherine street, this
lant WAS prostrated by the heat in Jersey City
Pight and died while peing taken to’ the

tit Mrepital The pody was sent to the Jersey
- Trike

pay’ than fifty persons. according to the
br the § d hosrital records, were prostrated
terda eat ty Manhattan and The Bronx vee-
a a and were ejther iaken to the hospitals
wire ded at thety homes by the ambula ioe
East | mI atrick Kent, a policeman of the
ain whi. ‘urh'h street station. waa over-
teri Hes OF post and Wie taken to the Preaby-
an ‘the Ne pital George T. Kelly. a gateman
Cone ay ee avenue elevated road, was over-
ri \* Barelay street station, He was

to the Hudson street he
Mary T street how!
oh ration, 12 years ic
vho was tn ra old, ol

tal.
rs Laurel Hill,
this city thiting her aunt, a house-

  

=
nc gS

|
|

sp enessnin nde agensetanseesinangetiniiaatneniatannepratsceietnasimnndiinmiaenannmpmmntnadamtltines ian <aiemacmiiitereneatisaniitintientaieeaiees
> |

 

eeper for John H. Davis, at 24 Washington
uare, North, became diszy owing to the hea
and fell from a seoond-story window. One o
her + ia Were broken and she received a scalp
ound,
John Henneberger, a clerk in the General
Post Office, living at 89 First avenue, was over-
come while working at his desk last night. He
payer in an ambulance to the Hudson street
0 <pit

Policenian Jeremiah Butler of the Bridge
uad was overcome by heat late last night
while on duty, He was taken to the Hudson
Street hospital,

DEATHS IN BROOKLYN,

These deaths from the effects of the heat were
reported to the Coroner's (Office in Brooklyn:
BROWNE, HARRY, 4 years old, 406 Clermont
avenue; at his home.
BYRNES, JOHN, 56 years old. 504 Union street;
at bik home.
HALL, JOHN, 33 years old, 266 Twenty-first
street; at bis home
HARDIGAN, MARY, 60 years old, 264 Hicks street;
at her home
nnetY. JAMES F., 1 year old, 8 Utica avenue;
ome
KLENNAN, JOHN, 9 months old, 341 Park place;
ome.
MAHONEY, PaTRICk, 52 years old, 05 Hamilton
avenve: at his home
RBENNB, CARL, 50 years old, 618 Marcy avenue; at
St. Jobn's Hospital.
REMMEY, PAUL, 20 years old, York, near Bridge
Street, in pracsiys Hospital

VANDERIER, JOMN, 28 years old, New Lets avenue
and Wyona street; at his home,
WOLF. MAX, 16 years old, 670 Broadway; at his
bis home

CHICAGO'S HOT SPELL BROKEN.

Violent Shower Marks the Close of the Eighth
Day of Excessive Heat.

CHicaco, Aug. 11.—A violent thunderstorm
broke over this city at 8 o'clock to-night bring-
ing toanend thelongest sustained hot wave ever
known in this region in the history of the Weather
Bureau. Despatches from places in Illinois,
Wisconsin, Indiana and Michigan show that
the storm is general within a radius of 250 miles
of Chicago. Had the storm heid off till mid-
night the eighth day of #-degree weather would
have been completed, breaking all previous rec
ords by three days. In that time sixty-three
deaths due to heat have been reported by the
Police, while nearly five hundred cases of pros-
tration have been recorded.

Owing to the flerce heat this morning 400
men employed by the’ Pullman Palace (ar

Company in the machine and blacksmith snops
quit work. It was reported the men had struck
and police were hurried to the scene, but there
was no trouble, the men simply refusing to
work in the heat. Work was also suspended
in the steel milla at South Chicago and in many
establishments in the other manufacturing
districts, throughout the city. Acting Mayor
Walker to-day ordered that the entire
front, twenty-two miles in length, be made
free to bathers as long as the excessive heat

shonid continue and he ordered that bathing |

the park lagoons be permitted.
—— ype
AN INCIDENT OF HOT WEATHER.

Police Spotl a Test of the Relative Keeping
Qualities of Ice and Meat.

The crowd in Hamilton Fish Park had lots
of fun last night watching a row between a
German driving a wagon loaded with quarters
of beef and an Italfan boy driving a wagon
loaded with ice. The ice wagon was going
west through Houston street just outside of
the park and was on the right side of the street,
The meat wagon was going east on the same
side. Neither driver would turn out and the
two horses advanced until their noses touched.
The German driver and the Italian driver each
had two friends on their respective wagons

and a polyglot cuss! toh ensued. Nei
would move and Sin stood by and teen
on.

tn tan
Quicker aa the mead.
lor was

iss spotit 1 vaid,” yelled
meids

ie ee
street

U

vation
moved away, the

two wagons

BEAT KILLS A LINEMAN.

He Was at the Top of a 40-Foot Pele When
Overceme,

ARLINOTON, N. J., Aug. 11.—-Peter McElroy,
aged 26 years, a lineman employed by the West-
ern Union Telegraph Company, was killed
by heat this morning while making repairs to
the wires on top of a 4-foot telegraph pole
on Elm street near the Arlington station of the

Greenwood Lake . McElroy's condi-
tion was first not/ when his wire cutter
coopee from om and. Before assistance
co! reach him he pitched head firet from
the croasarm on which he stood and was only
saved from falling to the ground by the mass of
wires below. He was lowered with ropes. Mo-
Elroy lived in Jersey City

 

FARMERS TAPPING WATER MAINS.

Drawing on Albany's Supply te Save Their
Crope—Meters Put In.

ALBANY, Aug. 11.—The extremes to which the
present hot weather and drought have driven
the farmers in order tosave their crops are
shown by appeals made to the Albany water-
works during the past week. Many farmers
and truck gardeners inthe suburbs have ap-
plied for the privilege of tapping city water
mains to irrigate their land I), many instances
the requests have been granted and water
meters placed which measure the supply taken
by the gardeners.

 

The Heat Cracks a Plate Glass Wiadew ia
Cleveland.

“OLEVELAND, Aug. i1.—An immense plate
giasa window, 12 by 8 feet, broke to-day

because of the effect on it of the sun’s rays.
The window was in the office of the Postal Tele-
graph Company in the Perry Payne block.

TWO SISTERS DROWNED.

They Were Bathing at the Foot of East 149th
Street—Bodies Not Found.

Freda Benjamin, 18 years old, and her sister
Clara, 12 years old, of 600 Union avenue were
drowned yesterday afternoon while bathing
at Oak Point Park beach at the foot of East
149th street. Accompanied by their mother
and their uncle, Dr. William Cohn, the girls
went te the beach at 4 o'clock in the afternoon.

The four had been in the water
about an hour when Mrs, Benjamin left the
girls clinging to a safety rope, while their uncle
was swimming nearby, and went to the bath
house. A few minutes later the younger girl,
Clara, let go of the rope. She called to her
sister that she was being carried away by the
current, Freda went to her assistance, Mrs,
Benjamin, who by this time had put on her
clothes, plunged into the water in an effort
to save her daughters, Dr. Cohn dragged her
out and held her.

Policeman Sanker of the Morrisania station
and a man who was bathing in the vicinity
swam to the rescue of the girls, but both sank
before assistance reached them. The bodies
were not recovered.

 

SIEGE @UNS FOR CHINA.

 

Battery From Fort Riley Reaches San Fran-
cisco-Mean Expect to Work at Pekin,

Ban Francisco, Aug. 11.—A slege battery
of artillery, Capt. John R. Williams command-
tng, arrived from Fort Riley, Kan., this after-
noon, and will probably be sent to China on
the transport Warren, due to sail on Aug. 16
The slewe battery is one of the most tnterest-

ing organizations In the service, being the only —

siege Sattery in the army. The guns
are all very heavy and of an al-:
together different kind from the

fleld pieces of ight artillery. They have to be
n platforms and are moved only with
ween dimeulte. Most of the guns ar
of 7-inch caliber. The battery brings part o
its ordnance with it and the rest is being sent to
chine Trem Bens. ne battery, 5 wes Be
to-da;, would see
Pekin is attacked and besieged, in which event
{t will play a verv heavy part.

 

Where to Find Good Liquers—
in places where Carl H. Schultz's waters are sold.
Ade

NEW YORK, SUNDAY, |

lake |

 

 

AUGUS

12

9

 

+! COLER OUT FOR GOVERNOR, | So2tT haimesnort the summer hone ot Hush

 

PRACTICALLY ADMITS THAT HE
WANTS NOMINATION.

Reasons Which Are Now Said te Have Led Him
to Make Up His Mind—The Opp sition of
Mr. Croker (¢hief Among These- The
Backing Which the Comptroller Is Likely
to Have im Case He Makes the Fight.

Comptroller Bird 8. Coler announced yes-
terday that he was a candidate for the Demo-
cratic nomination for Governor this fall, and

| that he expected to get it, Mr. Coler did not
make this announcement in these words, In-
stead he made the following statement to the
reporters who called upon him yesterday:

“Any young man or old man, for that mat-
ter, who says that he will not accept the nom-
inatton for Governor of New York belittles
himself and belittles the office. It seeins to
have come to a (juestion of whether a young
man can stay in politics, and that being the

| case I am not the man to refuse to fight. I
think that you can interpret the meaning
of that.”

Mr. Coler has frequently said that he never
sought a fight and that he never ran away
from one. When he goes into a fight he goes in
to it heart and soul and with the intention of
winning. In the contest for the nomination for
Governor Mr. Coler will have the active support
of ex-United States Senator David Bennett
Hill, and, according to all indications yester-
day, of the delegates from Kings county. He
will be opposed by the Hon. Richard Croker,
chieftain of Tammany Hall, who is now in
absolute control of the Democratic State ma-
chine. The struggle will begin at the meeting
of the State Committee in Saratoga on Thurs-
| day of this week when the committee will as-

semble for the purpose of issuing « cali for the

Democratic State Convention,

The candidacy of Mr. Coler for the nomina-
tion for the Governogship is regarded among
politicians as ex-Senator Hill's last club with
which to beat Mr. Croker. If Mr. Croker op-

| poses the nomination of Mr. Coler, he will show
| plainly that he does not think it possible for
the Democrats to carry the State of New York
under any circumstances, for it has been ad-
mitted by Democrats from all parts of the
State that Mr. Coler is the most
popular Democrat in It to-day. By
opposing the nomination of Mr. Coler, Mr.
Croker would also offend the Kings County
Democracy and still further increuse the dis-
trust with which Tammany Hall and its leaders
ure looked on by Democrate in every portion
of the State outside the boroughs of Manhattan
und The Bronx. It isthe plan of Mr. Coler’s
friends, if his nomination for Governor is pre-
vented by Mr. Croker und his followers, to use
that fact in the next municipal campaign for
the purpose of bringing about the defeat of
the Tammany candidate for Mayor.
Mr. Coler for many reasons, which have been

already explained in THE SUN, has been averse
to Proemine acandidate for the Democratic
nomination for Governor, The business of
the banking house of \. N, Coler & Co., demands
his attention, At present his father, Col. Coler,
who retired from the firm some years ago, is
conducting the alfairs of the house. the Comp-
troller’s younger brother having proved un-
equal to the task of the great trans
actions in which the house is interested. Col.

 

 

Coler does not wish to continue in active busi-
troller has cave politics. He
—. ne Sn his term es chief finan-

  
 
   

ling
the nt country. Comptroller
@ en .
not wish te give does
not want to have vacancy W would
occur if e ope inca-
pacitated for reason = by the
cofatnent of « man lected Richard
Croker. Mr. Coler’s friends have known for

a long time ew Le felt about = He hee
mself busy for two years near
- rt months heading off jobs of various Kinde
up and engineered, ws he be
ae Re Cnaty olch
fall and the wnmany
of the city. He believes that with a samen |
Comptroller at the of the Departmen
Finance the city would be robbed, and he does
not want to eee jtdone. Mr. Coler has said that
the present istration of this w
corrupt than if the worst days of
says that he can furnish upprppecwons
this neral statement. Under these
e is loath to retire from a place
in which he has been able, as he thinks, to pro-
tect the taxpayers.

But Mr. Coler has pore nal reasons
for wanting to fight Mr. er. Within the
past ten days the Tammany chieftain’s mouth-
piece, Senator Thomas F. Grady, has made
a number of very bitter attacks on Mr. Coler,
He has called him a lobbyist and one who
transactions in “blurred bonds.” Mr. Grady
has made these statements for — pub-
lication, and Mr. Coler believes that they
were insp by Mr. Croker, They have
stirred up his antagonism and he regards !
as due to bis own reputation that he <hou!
fight the men who are seekng to ruin him in
the community. Mr. Coler is a great admirer
of Mr. Hill. whom he regards as the most able
man in the Democratic party in New York
State to-day, Mr. Croker’s friends have not
hesitated to say that the T y ohleftain
despises the statesman of Wolfert’s Roost
and will go a long way in order to humiliate
him. Mr. Croker has thrice humiliated Mr.

ill during the t ten months,

. Mr Coler has Pemarded this as bad politics
and bad business generally. He thinks that
not a little of the animosity which Mr. Croker
feels toward him is due to the fact that he is
friendty to Mr. Hill. Mr. Coler is a Democrat,
and he ta desirous of party success. He does
not believe that the party, can achieve success
in this State no long as Mr. Croker has control
of it and it may be added that Mr. Coler
v uubte as to whether the Democracy
oft the five boroughs can maintain its ascendancy
ih the olty of New York long under the present
domination of Tasman? Hall. Mr. Coler
belleves that {f there is to be a fight it sag
thing to have it now and to have it a straight
up and down contest which will settle the m
ter for good and all. He does not exppot that
Croker will show any mercy for m, and
be

mo)

he
to prove
circumstanoes

‘ir.

ie does not ask for any quarter, and an
his friends intend that
Auer tet now Onin or iene al
! into this win or
Mr, Coler had a long talk with Mr, Hil) on
| Thursday at the Hoffman House, d
the situation was thorougly canvi v
understand each other ectly. :
depends entirely upon the political
| advice of Mr, full, to whom, more than to
other man, ves the credit of
ing him Comptroller of this city. Mr, 's
friends sai last night that they were
very much gratified with the anno)incement
of Mr, Coler’s candidacy because it
fulfilled the prophecies _which thev been

making ever since the Kansas City Convention,
that . Hill would flght Mr. ge er,
ple have ted whether

k rm
5 be way he ul
ht, because

act:
The Bil} le decl last
Fie ‘Coler can Sacy would prove a knock
f an anti-Tammany
feution in the city of New York hy
be engineered by men as capable as ho
dart en
wm great many leaders of Tummany
were very friendly to Mr,
in: tion of the present city govern-
ar “ padpagored Hall leaders an } ats
Gea At a man be wee ond Wey hhn us he
expected to be treated they disco

f . Croker, whether he
blow ineted ii. If Mr, Crok rajecth the Coles
candidacy, they say, it would mean the forma-
oe
. w
the County Democracy in the
(owas a “great litical organiztion.
All men sald that were
been known to every one who is familiar wit
the conduct of the various de ts since
uve been treuted with the utmost fairness
Coler, As svon ws they roune out what
that
he wus their friend. A Tammany’ district
duy this week:

leader suid to a BUN reporter one
“Coler_ is a @ square man, He pomn
stand for any monkey business, but will

treat you white, He's «4 damn sight different
from some of the men that got jobs because
they belonged to Tummany Hall,’

A a@reat deal depends upon the attitude of
the Kings county organization. It was
said yesterday that Kings county would go
for Coler rewardiess of what Mr. Croker and
his friends desired John L. Shea Commis

k Front. Lock Front
-_ Collars — Ade.

 

1900.—COPYRIGHT, 1900.

McLaughlin, leader of the Willoughby street
last week and had a
ilin about the Coler can-

didacy, Yesterday Mr. Shea made the fol-
} lowing statement:

+ “The county leaders have been somewhat
embarrassed by the fact that Mr. Coler has
declared continually that he was not a can-
didute for the nomination for Governor. I

| can say this, however. If Mr. Coler declares
to the leaders of the Kings county organ
vation that he is a candidate his name will be

| presented iy this oqunty in the State con-
| Yention, I have no hesitation in saying that
if he will take the nomination T believe he is
the beet candidate we can nominate by all
odds, I believe that he should be nominated.”
Some more charges were made from Tam-
many sources yesterday against the Comp-
troller, One of them was that he had dis-
criminated in favor of the City Trust Company
in making deposits of the city money he heing
a stockholder in the company. Another was
that he wanted to be let in on the ground floor
in the business of the United States Guarantee
and Fidelity Company in the profits of which
Mr. Croker shares, and that being unable to get
in he had attacked the company. When the
Conpsroller was asked about these charges, he
smiled,
“Those charges are entirely false.” he said.
“A casual examination of the records will show
that they are false, 1 never held any stock
in the Croker-Freedman company in my own
name or in anybody else’s name. 1 hold some
stock in the City Trust Company in my own
name. But the trust company has not an
undue share of city deposits. That is shown
by the weekly bank ayatoments. As a matter
of fact it has had «smaller city deposits in pro-
portion to its capital stock than any other
banking concern, It did have the Check for
the money belonging to the city accruing from
the Smith interitanoe tax for a few days, but
that money was the State's and not the city’s,
1 know who jospired these charges. It is not
the first time they have been made.”
It was declared last night at the Hoffman
House that within the next month a great deal
of Democratic gore would be spilled all over
this State. Somebody asked Chairman Odell
of the Republican State Committee what he
thought of the sibilities of Mr. Coler’s nomi-
nation by the Democrats and whether it would
affect the Republican nomination. Mr, Ode
Fepsted that {t wouldn't, and he added that the
amocratic rumpuses had no effect on the por
cies and actions of the Republicans of the State.

organization, one aay
talk with Mr. McLau

DISCORD OVER ASTOR WILL.

Mrs. Astor Objects to an Iaterpratation of It
Unfavorable to Herself.
Mrs. William Astor, through her counsel
Parsons, Sheard & Ogden, has filed exceptions
in the Supreme Court to the report of Henry M.
Hoes as referee, which passes upon the accounts
of James Roosevelt Roosevelt, Henry B. Ely and
Douglas Robinson as trustees of a fund created
for her under the will of her deceased husband,
A fund was set apart for Mrs. Astor by the
will in terms over which there is dispute as to
whether she was to have $50,000 a year or all
the fund’s income. She was to have the income
for life or during her widowhood. Col. John
Jacob Astor, her son, as remainderman of the
fund, and Mrs. Astor made several objections
to the trustees’ accounts, and now Mra. Astor
submits a number of exceptions tothe referee's
report passing upon the accounts and the objec-
tions.
The matin matter in dispute ts as to whether
Mrs. Astor should have the income of the fund
in excess of $60,000 a year or the accumulations
beyond that sum should go to Col. Astor.
The referee found that Mrs, Astor is only enti-
tled to the $50,000 a year and she exoepta to
this finding. Another finding to which she
objects is that the accumulations should be
paid to John Jacob Astor. She excepts to the
trustees crediting themselves with $35,259.24,
which it is understood they paid to John Jacob
Astor an acoumulations. The exceptions refer
to the report having been filed on July 31, but
there is no record that it has been filed.

 

WSSTMINSTER ABBEY CRU NMBLING.

Faemes From the Lambeth Potteries Eating
Away the Stone—Precautions Taken.
Special Cable Despaich to THE SUN.

Lorpon, Aug. 11.—The Dean of Westminster
Abbey, realizing the serious condition of the
cathedral, owing to crumbling stone work,
appointed a committee of experts to examine
the building. Their report, which is of the
most alarming nature, declares that unless the
fumes from the Daulton potteries at Lam-
beth are stopped the Abbey will become a ruin
toatew years. Prof. Church says:

"We were called in in the nick of time. The
noxious fumes have been rotting the stone
work beneath the surface for years. We ex-
amined the Chapter House crypt particularly,
but fear the Abbey proper, especially the east
end, is in grave peril, foo. Microscopic and
analytic examination of the crumbled stone
work shows that hydrochloric acid causes the
trouble. The potters must be induced to use
less chlorine, or regulations framed to prevent
the escape of the fumes.”

Prof. Church has discovered a mixture with
which to wash the acid eaten gtone. It arrests
decay and solidifies the crumbling mass.

 

 

SHIRT-WAIST MAN IN NEW ORLEANS.

His Reception Not Cordial—Some ef the New
Garments Placed on Sale.

New Or.eans, Aug. 11.--The shirt-waist
man bas come to town. His reception was
not cordia). He appeared in the main café
of the St. Charles Hote! and was ordered out.
He appeared in the ladies’ and men's café of
the Hotel Grunewald and was ordered out there
also, He appeared on the corner of Dauphine
and Canal streets last evening and rested there
for twenty-five minutes unmolested. A
crowd of 100 people gazed at him
and the girls rubber necked at him,
but the cops did not interfere. Early
in the afternoon a young man connected with
@ well-known retail] store, and especially known
in sporting and athletic circles, sauntered into
Antonie’s restaurant, and took aseat ata table.
He wore gray-striped trousers, tan snoes,
Russia leather belt and a negligé shirt with a

tall turn-over collar, and a colored silk cravat.
Except for the absence of the t and walst-
t, he was attired as any well- man,
restaurant was crowded and the sevens
of the mewoomer was followed by a bugs o
comment,
irt-wajst man,” “I wonder whether
they'll serve him,” “He has good nerve,” were
me of the whispers that passed from lip to
p. Among the help there was a still greater
gocamotion. But no instructions had been
iss t serving shirt-waist men and the
walter out nis order.

he urant episode was not the only
t of the day. A large dry goods
street put a lot of the new gar-

on
ments in one of their windows during the after-
ued an order to all the clerks in ita
ing nent to adopt the style until
f notice. The manager said that about
two were sold before closing time. The
next few days will decide the fate of the shirt-
wi man in New Orleans, It will probably be
t him, as the club men have all said the
waist is suitable for the seaside, but not
for the city.

SHIRT WAJST RULED OUT OF COURT.

 

Test Case Made im Syracuse by a Lawyer Who
Took Of His Coat.

Synacvsr, Aug. 11.—With the thermometer
registering % degrees on the shady side of the
Municipal Court room to-day an action to
recover a furnace was called for trial. A young
lawyer from Madison county addressed the
Court and everybody thought he was about
to open his case.

“Your Honor, is there any rule tn this court

inat sbirt waist pan?” he asked.
Ce me was the emphatic reply of Judge
nenna lgwrer did not vaste or had wrusual

qd
‘or he Kept on taking off his coat and was
in hanging it ae back of a chair

when nite G shouted;
“1 said it wan a fect that there is such a rule.”
The lawver with a childlike emile proceeded
te gpen le cam ni blue hire wate che

@ did no’ ba, a to io
a ute Max Baliban. who wan present and new

l
hia parr. ote cnnek* be aod
* nm your ooa 00) commanded.
he wa Pre hotter than e fu his
client was suing to recover, but he tried case

with his coat on won

re cS

“SUN PRINTING AND PUBLISHING

{

 

WAR PLANS FOR CANADA,

IMPERIAL GOVERNMENT FIXING
SCHEMES OF ATTACK AND DEFENCE.

Canal Roete for Sending Warships Into the
Great Lakes Chosen and Parliament Will
He Asked to Provide for the Necessary
Work—Plans Are for Australian Defence.

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

LONDON, Aug. 11.-—-By an order of the Cabinet
issued on the recommendation of the Junta
known as the Cabinet Committee on National
Defence, the Intelligence Department of the
War Office has been engaged for several months
investigating the preparedness for war of Can-
ada and the Australasian colonies. The investi-
gation is understood to have been completed
80 far as the latter are concerned and a scheme
of defence is being prepared which will form
the basis upon which the Government of the
federated colonies will work. The dominant
idea of this scheme is the constitution from
various military odds and ends in the present
colonies of one homogeneous colonial army,
recruited voluntarily but with power reserved
of enforcing a modified form of conscription
known as the militia ballot. Concurrently
Australia will be raised to the rank of a second
class naval station.

The Canadian scheme is not so fur forward
as the Australasian, for the reason that It is
much more complex and because Canada not
only has to be prepared ugainst outside at-
tack but must be placed in uw position to at-
tack. Anxious considerution hus been given
the question how best to defend the long lund
frontier and furnish adequate protection to
the porte. In this matter the War Office In-
telligence Department has been codperating
with a small committee of naval experts ap-
pointed by the Lords of the Admiralty. The ip-
tegral part of the Canadian scheme ig the ob-
taining of safe and easy acvess for ships of war
to the Great Lukes. Some such route is suid
to have been found and the House of Commons
will be asked ut the next session to vote money
toward the cost of the works. Their magnitude
is so great that Canada could not well be usked
to undertake them from her own resources,
particularly as the ultimate object is part of
the general scheme of Imperial defence and of-
fence.

The Canadian scheme further provides for
an increase in the garrisons at Halifax and
Esquimalt, the raising of a considerable foroe
of Canadian regular troops if the Dominion
Government's consent can be obtained, of
which there is said to be some doubt, and the
raising of the North American naval station
to first rank. with an effort to tap for the royal
navy an unlimited supply of recruits afforded by
the fishing population of the Dominion and
Newfoundland.

 

RAN DOWN MOUNT WASHINGTON.
—————_1_

Edgar Welch Makes His Seventeenth Ran and
Breaks His Record.

Mount WashinoTon, N. H., Aug. 11.—Edgar
Welch of Raymond, Me., who is 61 years old,
gave a remarkable exhibition of long distance
running here yesterday morning. A lareg
crowd of summer visitore witnessed the feat
of running down the carriage road of the moun-
tain, a distance of four miles, at top speed.
Welch has visited Mount Washington seven-
teen, times for the purpose of taking the run,
and says that it fs the beet invigorator he
known of.

Welch took a Uttle preliminary spin on the
hotel platform before starting down the moun-
tain side and at 9 o'clock he was off for the
four-mile spin. He wore asilk hat when running
and made a picturesque appearance as he tore
down the road. He used his arms just as a
slack wire performer uses his pole to keep his
equilibrium on the many curves. Soon after
starting, he was lost sight of wut reappeared
at the only point onthe road visible from the
summit, nearly three miles down, in 16 minutes
55 seconds. This broke his last year’s record,
which was 17 minutes, 80 seconds for the same
distance. The telephone announced that Welch
arrived at the half-way house, four miles from
the summit, in 27 minutes, four minutes better
than his best previous record.

Welch has been an amateur runner for many
years, claiming records of fifteen miles in 1
hour, 48 minutes; sixty-two miles in 12 hours;
and eighty miles in 16 hours.

 

CABLE CAR RUNS OFF TRACK.
Several Women Passengers Hurt, but None of
Them Seriously.

Cable car No. 790 of the Columbus Avenue line
was bowling along at a rapid rate on the way
uptown last night when it jumped the track
at Fiftieth street near the car barns on Seventh
avenue. The car was crowded with pas
sengers at the time and several of them were
thrown into the roadway. Kallroad em-
plovese who witnessed the acoident ran from
he car barns and helped to pick up the per-
sons who had been thrown cut.

r, and Mrs, T. M. Lombard of 23 West Sixty-
third street and Miss Mae Woodward of the
game ad , who were gitting jn @ Tear seat,
were alightly out d bruised. Mise Lucy
Robinson of 165 West Fifty-first atreet and Mise
becca Blom of 64 West 100th street, who were
in the seat in front of the Lombards, were also
thrown from the car and slightly hurt. Mrs, A.
Ostrich of 100 i Nicho avenue had her

lace and
Three ured women went home in auto-
than risk going further in the

mobiles ra
The dent was caused by a broken

car.
switoh.

FONDLED A NEGRO BABY,

 

Young Man From Beston Made a Mistake ia
Nerfolk and Was Nearly Mebbed.

Nonrorg, Va. Ang. 11.—Charles Iven, a young
white man of Borton, attended a cakewalk hore
last night where the performers and many of
the spectators were negroes. The place was
the Bijou Theatre and the cakewalk took place
in the fpbery where the colored spectators
were. Theparquet was moaopolized by white
ttators Iver, who was in the gallery,
‘ondied a negro baby until a crowd of ycung
white men invaded the gallery in search of him.
He fled into the street, but was caught by the
10b and choked until the police reacued him.
ihe was badly frightened and «aid the mob was
threatening to lynch him when he was rescued.
He remained nearly all night at the station,
fearing to venture out.
Those whe saw him fondling the negro baby
and who pursued him said the sight made them
sick.

 

JUDGE REAGAN RESIGNS,

Famous Texas Democrat to Retire to Private
Lite—Has Held Ofice for 60 Yoars.

Avastin, Tex., Aug. 11.—It was announced
officially here to-day that Judge John H.
Reagan, chairman of the Texax Railroad (om-
mission has presented his resignation to Gov,
Sayers to take effect after the next gengral
election of Nov. 6. This action came as @ great

surprise as he has two years vetioserve, He

AS

SOCIATION. —THIRTY PAGES.

 

ia 82 years old and is the father of the Railroad .

Commission law and has served as its chairn an
evrer since ita creation. He hes been in public
oflice for over sixty vearsandis the only sur-
viving member of the Con: ederate Cabinet. He
desires to spend the few remaining years of his
life in retirement.

 

CAME OUT OF A TRANCE AND DIED,

Strange Case of a Child tn Herkimer—Almost
Burted Before She Was Dead.

Utica, N.Y. Aug. 11 —Ten days ago the in-
fant daughter of Alfred Valentine of Herkimer
ap; arently died after a brief illness. An under-
taker was about to prepare the child for burial
when she revived from her trance, and under a
physician's care rapidly progressed toward re-
hecise interested the medical fra-
ternity hereabouts and was watohed with in-
terest. The obild died suddenly this afternoon,

| the ice struck a child on the head.

Fair and cooler; westerly winds,

PLOT AGAINST THE CZAR?

Anarchists From America Sald to Be on Their
Way to Russia.
Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN.

LONDON, Aug. 11.—Detectives are watching
all Italians from America who are arriving at
Liverpool, Antwerp and elsewhere. Several
Anarchi-ts are reported to be on their way
from America to Russia, and there is talk ofa
plot to assassinate the Czar. The Russian
Government has been notified of the move-
ments of these persons.

 

FIREWORKS ON A HOT DAY.

They Were in a Trunk in a Trenton Depot
and Exploded—-Two Men Injured.

TRENTON, N.J., Aug. 11.—A trunk filled with
fireworks exploded at 1 o'clock this afternoon
in the baggage room of the Pennsylvania Rail-
road station at Clinton street, this oity, William
Bonner, an employee in the place, who
was handling a valise, was badly injured
about the face. arms and legs. Benjamin
Gee, the baxgage avent, was also struck by
flying pieces and knocked unconscious, but
soon recovered, The explosion set fire to the
building, but the fire was extinguished before
much damage was done.

The Italian Cai holics here celebrate the Feast
of the Assumption with a fireworks display.
The feast occurs Aug. 16 and the fireworks
were sent here from Newark for use on that
day.

 

 

MADAME WU IN PERIL.

Qhinese Minister's Wife and Party Taken Off
a Leaking Yacht in a Bateas.

CapE Mary, N. J., Aug. 10.—The wife of the
Chinese Minister, her son, Choachu, Mr, Fung
Shao Chee and Wu Hsuch Lieu, her nephews,
Mrs. Nesmith, Madame Bannarua Hall and
Mias Nesmith, went sailing and crabbing this
morning {n the yacht Martha, Capt. Walter
Vv. Coverdale. They had gotten well under
way in Cape Island Sounds when the yacht
sprang a leak. Some of the party became
alarmed and all were taken/ off the yacht by

Capt, Alexis Schollenger who went to them tn
6 pees. The party was landed at Sewell's
‘oit,

TO ABOLISH THE LOCKSTEP.

Sing Sing Prisoners Will March Two Abreast
With Four Feet Between Lines.

Sina Sino, N. ¥.. Aug 11.—The lockstep,
which has been in vogue in Sing Sing prison
since it. establishment, is to give place to mili-
tary marching among the convicts on Monday
morning whenthey are marched to the mess
room. The lockstep is ‘ormed by the prisoners
marching closely together with the left hand
resting on the shoulder of the man ahead and
the righton the hip of that companion. The
leader marches with bis arms folded and the
others keep in step to his lead.

The new atep is to be introduced at the oraer
of Superintendent of Prisons Collins and if the
plan is successful bere it will be substituted

for the lockstep in all the prisons of the State.
he men are to march two abreast with four
leet between the lines. The hot weather has a
fendeney to make the prisoners ugly and fret-
ful, and when they are marched closely to-
ether in the lockstep t ey are even more
rritable. Many say that the lockstep acquire
in the prison clings to them after they have
served their sentences. Thatis one of the rea-
sons for changing the step.

 

OSWALD OTTENDORFER ILL.

Several Physicians in Attendance Upon the
‘Staats Zeitung’s’’ Editor.

Oswald Ottendorfer, proprietor and editor of
the Staate Zeitung, is seriously ill at the Keuffel
Cottage, at Elka Parkin the Catskills. Several
physicians have been in attendance for a num-
ber of days, and Mr. Ottendorfer'’s condition
was considered so grave that Herman Ridder,

the active manager of the Staate Zeitung, bas
been summoned to Elka Park. Mr. Ottendorfer
fe suffering from a complication of ailments,
but it was said last night that he was somewhat
improved.

 

EXPLOSION IN POWDER MILL.

Guncotton Magazine at Pompten Lake, N. J.,
Blowa Up—Nobedy Hart.

A loud explosion startled the people of Pater-
son, N. J., at five minutes to 9 o'clock last night
It was known immediately that some part of
the Pompton Powder Works at Pompton Lake
had blown up. Some official of the company
said over the telephone last night that one of

the guncotton magazines hed blowh up, but
that nobody was hurt and that the explosion

ad not done serious damage. Other persons
n Pompton Lake said that the building in eh
the magazine was had been entirely demolish
by the explosin.

LAYING THE GERMAN CABLE.

 

The Angiia Begins Her Task at Coney Island
—May Finish in a Month,

The cable ship Anglia started yesterday at
Coney Island laying the cable that will connect
this country with Germany by way of the
Azores. She will not sail on her trip of 2,400
miles unti! Tuesday. If she has good luck she

may complete the laying of the cable within a
month « German end of the submarine te!-
egraph runs from the Azores to Emden at the
mouth of the Ems. The entire line will be ready
for the transmission of mea-ages in September.
It is controiled by the Commercial Cable Com-

pany.
MINISTER AND FRIEND ARRESTED.

 

Chinese Lanterns Wont Do as Bicycle Lights
ia Hackensack.

Hackansacg, N. J., Aug. 11.—Policeman Barr
saw two men riding wheels illuminated with
Chinese lanterns last night and he took them
before Justice Heath. One of the men said he
was the Rev. Mr. Cooper, pastor of the Episco-
pal Churen at Ridgefield Park, and that the
other was ‘his friend, Mr. Hanford. ‘'We have
lights on our wheels and have therefore violated
no law," said the minister

‘Chinese Janterns are not recognized here,
sir,” replied the Justioe, and he iniposed a fine
of $1 each.

Careless Iceman Gets a Beating.

Lawrence Lupo, an iceman, of $18 East Eighty-
fourth street, dronped a piece of ioe down into
the areaway of 865 Seoond avenue last nightand
Robert
Lowtiner, 31 years old, of 236 East Forty-fifth
stree'. oo intoan altercation with Lupo over
the mishap, and itended in Lupo landing in
the Lupo declares — that
was badly beaten by Lowtiner, the
latter that he merely ushed Lupo
At any rate Lupo was carried home and the
doctor who attended him reported to the police
of the East Fifty-first street station that Lupo
was internally injured aid had anumber of
scalp wounds. Lowtiner was arrested.

gutter. he

Federal Courts Open in Honolalu.
Honoiriy, Aug. 4, via San Francisco, Aug.

11.—The United States courte in Hawaii
were formally opened to-day. At 1:30
o'clock this afternoon Judee Morris M.

Katee opened court. He had extended an
invitation to all members of the TerMtorial
bar to be present and meet him. United States
District Attorney J.¢€. Baird was present, as
was also United States Marsh: | Ray. No other
Duneene wae feee orper Enea to appoint a com-
mittee of the bar to draft a set of rules o y=
tice for the Federal courts, pres

Barkeatine Goes Ashore,

BaBYLon, L. L, Aug. 11.—The barkentine
Abiel Abbot of New York, Capt. Hawkins, went
ashore early this morning off Point Lookout

life saving station. There was a heavy fog at
the time. The vessel has a crew of eleven men
and ie jogen with oupar from Porte ico. Sha
Was pu off this afternoon by a wreo

which started to tow her to New York. ame tig

ys: all day deas-
hate dinner, ‘Bee adv.

 

Steamer City of Lowell, Sund
tiful Hudson, musée; wbie d’
—Ade.

     

 

     

    

 
   

—————
PRICE FIVE CENTS.

EUROPE 1S MORE HOPEFUL.

BELIEVES THE WARNING TO PEKIN
GOVERN MENT HAS BEEN EFFECTIVS,

 

 

 

 

Early Collapse of Chinese Resistance Weald
Not Be Sarprising—Good Sign tn the Hasy
Agreement of the Powers on a Germag
Commander-in-Chiet — British Policy {g
the Yang-tse Valley and Our Attitede,

Specia: Cadle Despatch to THB SUN.

Lonpon, Aug. 11.—There is no tendency
to beunduly sanguine over the Chinese eitua-
tion, but the European peoples and Governe
ments are beginning to give some credence
to the reports that resistance to the Powerg
May soon collapse. It is recognized that at
all events each fresh ugeression of the allied
forces seems to djminish the atrength of the
Chinese opposition and their bellicose splrit,
This alone is a sufficient vindication of the fore
ward policy of the allies und threats to sace
rifice the legations unless the Invasion is abane
doned no longer seriously alurm the European
Powers. It le believed that the Pekin authorte
Hes ure now duly impressed with the warning
that any harm hereafter inflicted upon the
foreigners will be met with the infliction of the
severest personal penalties. This is something
which appeals even to themost fanatical Orte
ental and the successes ulready gained by the
allies are a suMcient indication of thelr poweg
to execute the threat,

No one has a clear idea of what authority
is really in control at Pekin, but it makes little
difference if fear of reprisals or any other
motive is sufficient to protect +the legationg
until their rescue is complete. The best eign
of all is the prospective easy agreement of the
Powers upon a German commander-in-chief,
Count von Waldersee. It signalizes harmony
in the Western world sufficient to deprive Ching
of any possible advantage during the military
portion of the crisis, and this, so far as Ching
is concerned, means that her case is absolutely
hopeless) The Pekin authorities, whoever
they may be, cannot fail to be duly impressed
with this fact.

The attitude of France {s dramatically intere
esting. Fiveyears ago the idea of such intimate
military coéperation with the conqueror of 1870
would have been absurd. There has been acer-
tain amount of angry comment in Paris over the
proposal, but nothing approaching a general
popular protest has been observed. The Wal-
deck-Rousseau Government finds itself in a diffe
cult position, because it will be denounced by
its opponents whatever it does; but there fs
little doubt that it will acquiesce in one form or
another, and the country will acoept the situ-
ation with good grace,

Much surprise is expressed by the Foreign
Office here at the pother caused by Admiral
Seymour's little deal with the Yang-tse Viceroy,
and the disposition is to charge the grumblers
with rank ingratitude. According to
despatches to some of the London newspapers,
the grumblers include people in Washington,
It is even suggested that the State Department
is not altogether satisfied with England's action,
but such a suggestion is scouted here as ine
credible, because Secretary Hay must have
known through Ambassador Choate what was
coming and he gave not the slightest hint of a
disagreement. If there is one idea more firmly
rooted in the British official mind than any other,
{¢ is that British and American interests in
China are identical. Consequently, the action
is to be identical.

It is explained that the British action in
Shangha! {s purely precautionary. Whatever
may happen elsewhere, England is determined
to keep the Yang-tse valley open to the world’s
trade. If this can be done by the maintenance
of Chinese authority unimpaired, so much
the better; if not, British authority will step
into the breach. That, it ts urged, ts a pes
fectly simple and straightforward policy.
If it ts not good enough for the Washingten
statesmen, they are quite at liberty to ascer-
tain what they can get elsewhere, bearing in
mind always that England is perfectly prepared
to fight for her own hand in the Yang-tee valley.

The foregoing statement may be accepted as
a semi-offictal exposition of the British policy
on part at least of the tangled Chinese question.
Doubtless British action in other respects will
depend on circumstances, and the same may
be said of most of the others Powers. But
British statesmen appear to be resigned to
the prospect of Germany and Russia demand-
ing and obtaining territorial compensation—
one for the murder of its Minister, and the
other for wanton aggression on the Siberian
frontier. ©

RUSSIAN ENVOY TO LEAVE PEKIN,

Instructed to Acoept Chinese Emperor's Offeg
of Safe Condact.
Special Cable Despatches to THE SUN, a=
Sr. PeTERSBURG, Aug. 11.—The Official Meee
senger states that the Foreign Office has ree
ceived a message from M. de Giers, the Russian
Minister at Pekin, which is dated Tsinan-fu,
Aug. 7, and is similar in purport to those sent
by the Ministers of other countries, announcing
that they had declined the Tsung-li-Yamen’s
proposal that they leave Pekin under escort
of Chinese troops until they could obtain defi-
nite instructions from their respective governe
ments. Inreply to his note, the Czar has cabled
M. de Giers to leave Pekin on condition that
the Chinese Emperor gives him safe conduct

 

 

 

ANOTHER MESSAGE FROM CONGER,

 

Telling the American Consal at Canton of the
Situation in Pekin.

WasHINOTOX, Aug. 11.—The following de
spatch from Consul McWade at Canton, com-
municating an additional message from Minister
Conger, Was made public this morning by the

Department of State:
“CANTON, Aug. 11,

“Secretary of State, Washington:

“Conger, dating tenth, Tsinan, answering my
message, says that the legations are under siege
by the Imperial soldiery, The situation is dea-
perate. The loss of the legations is 60 killed
and about 100 wounded. ‘There is some sick-
ness, nevertheless the general health continues
good,

“He concludes; ‘Whatever may be the out-
come, we will hold on indefinitely.’

“McWapg.”

It ts believed that the date assigned to this
despatch by the Consul refers to the ‘ile date,
when the me-sage left Tsinan, and does not fix
the time when the message left Pekin by
courier.

The telegram from Mr. Conger to Consul Me
Wade is ragarded here as important only in fur-
nishing more evidence that the Chinese Govern-
ment is carrying out in good faith its deciara-
tion that full and free communication in cipher
between the diplomats in Pekin and their
Governments will be permitted. The Govera-
ment will not, however, regard the receipt of
the message from Mr. Conger by Consul Mo-
Wade as conclusive evidence that free communi-,
cation has been established. It prefers to hear
direct from Mr. Conger in reply to the long
cipher telegram sent to him last Wednesday,
in which questions were asked that require
specific answers from the Minister.

Cloadburst Ties Up the Northern Pactic,

Bruntwos, Mon., Aug. 11--A cloudburst east
of here on Thursday night did a vast amount
of damage to railroad and oth ’
Four bride as are reported gone on the Rotter,
Pacitic between Conway and Miles (ity, in con-

rooseded

sequence of which no train has p

further east than Billings, since L
No. 4 came in at 10:30 last night and Srey:

on a Siding. No. 7 got in ont from the
Wrat t fon this
* morning al awaiting