=
VOL. LXXVIL— NO, 249,

EDWARD VIL. DEAD
GEORGE V. 1S KING

Eaglend Mourns Her Beloved:
Ruler; Europe Shares
Her Grief,

ONLY SON SUCCEEDS HIM’

Ml the Royal Family Gathered
at the Oying Monarch’;
Bedside. |

fe) tome ot 11:43 on Fetday Night at
Kuchingham Patace «Crewds Watied
for Heurs the Bale Withont the
Palace tates, Moping Against tHepe
for Wetter News—Mvent Casts a Pel
Ger Geotel Wertd of Lendes and
Comes Grave Polttivs! Anxntety—
heya! Patient tneisted on Attending
‘oe Affaire of State Almast te the I.ast
Smmited at Vietery of Mie Horse at
hempton Restless and Werrted or
Potitirs, Me Failed te Reeever Prom |
2 (etd Centracted at fandringham |

apres’ Cotte Derpeten to Tue Sum
Loxpox, May 7.—Edward Vii. King
ef Great Britain and Ireland and of the
Pritish Territories heyond the Seas, and
tmperor of India, died just before the
teow day began. The end came at
Buckingham Palace at 11:45 o'clock “|

r ght

fieorge V
*)\ the members of the reral famiiv!
tho are now in Londen were present in |
the King s bedchamber when be breathed |
Lie laet
“cial announcement
the comae of the Crown by lord Krotive

‘hs only surviving eon now reigns "|

wae made of |
the ‘ate King's private secretary a few |
horvtes after the King’s deat! |

The Attorney-General and the Home|
tecretary.who were in the palace await-
even’ sent ort offirial Notices |
“erertrents of

re th
fo the
te®e wae w)

Mtate and the
} te a’ the Chancetienes
td Peveign (cen of the (ont rent

King George Vo will be feormatiy
« med throughout the tomedom anort!r
efter daybreak this morning

For some time before death came the
K ng ae unconscious, lying in a comatose
@tate for a considerable time He had a
slight rafiy inte conemiouences between
Cand 10 «'clock

tre-

DERPLY MOTRNED
Full of honore but not yer of rears
toward VIL. one of the bear Kings that
‘ver eat upon the English throne. has
cllowed Pngland’s best Queen to the
grave after a reign of but little more than
* years
When he came to the throne there was
6 natural tendency on the part of the
ration to look back and wonder whether
* high level which had been gradually
reached and sustained in public and
sional fife during his mother's long
vgn would be further maintained. The
alion to-day gives @ verdict which leaves
doubt of its favorable opinion
he King's touching declaration when
* took the oath before the Privy Council
"rat he desired and intended to rule wisely
ord well hae been made good, and the
oo une sorrow with Which his loss is de-
red ie @ manifestation to his subjects’
recognition of the fact that they and the
d will long remember ba work for
‘eee among the nations end the striking |
results he achieved therein by bs tact
* | -ombomie
tar more than his mother he waa int\-
arsociated with the social life of |
ntry Without neglecting the im
femands made on his energy iy
ess of state, and it is not too much
‘hat no English King had ever «
id on the affections of his sul)

rately

wv

fee ne

.

* NATIONAL CaLameT?Y
as to the nation at the moment
* conetitutional crisis awakes |
vars in the minds of all who have
tare and dignity of Great Britain |
tie vast knowledge of men, |
ar insight into affairs and his
‘rable judgment were assets which
could little afford to inee.|
“lt be that the burden of ansziety
onection hastened his end Ag
ast hours were crowded by |
stow of the South African war,
‘ard in bin closing days was |
' @ fleree constitutional con-
ie bequeathe for solution to a
‘ar lems @equainted than his

atrer of etate

"Pans THR NEWS

ed at 1i45 o'clock. but the
mot reach the publie over the
+ Mo clock, when the theatre
"cs were just leaving the res-
ence fell upon the crowds
wfully homeward

 

— SS a ee k_- i i

 

:

bulletin isswed by the physicians in at- | cipal attention of the Exchange, and ti:!- tars Uiness

tenedar:«
“May 6. 17 1199 PM

“Hie Majesty ‘he King treathed bis
net at 11.45 o'clock to-night in che pres
enee of ber Majesty Queen Alexandra,
the Prince and Princesa of Wales. the
Princess Royal, the Duchess of Fife, the
Prircese Vieteria and the Princess Louise
Duchess of Argyil.”

Ae no official announcement was posted
cutaide the palace or declaration made to
the crowd that stood waiting about the
gales it was for some time in ignorance
that the end had come The Prince and
Princess of Wales and nearly all the other
members of the royal family left the palace
within half an hour after the King's death.
and the people interpreted this as a hope-
ful sign. it was pot until the reporters
pasted the word around that the watehers
kpew that all was over Notwithstanding
the grave Wulletins that hed been issued
the news fell heavily upon the anzious
crowd, who had hoped. against hope = |!
received the tidings with every manifesia-
tion of keen regret

LORD MATOR NOTIFIED

The Prince of Wales sent the [oliowing
deapatech to the Lord Mayor from the
palace at 12:2:

“lam deeply grieved to inform you that
my beloved father passed away peace
fully at quarter to 12 to-night

‘Cronos *

Soon after midnight ‘he Lord Mayor
received the customary formal request
for tolling the great bell in St Paul's
The request was communicated in a letter
from the Home Secretary and the Lord
Mayor immediately sent \t to the cathedral
author, ties.

In a few minutes the beli's deep. muffled
voles broke over the city with its message
of grief prociaiming in solemn one minute
beats that King Edward lay dead. Few

  
 
   
  

’ KING EDWARD VII.

——- oe

| tetine were awaited. with the greatest

‘anagiety

evening tulletirn wie received. stating
that the King’s condition was critical

All fmancial London was eravely inter-
ested The city had been experiencing
& gigantic stock boom The public. after
having kept their purses tied up tightly
since the Boer “ar. began pouring ‘out
millions in the purchase of rubber shares
2 Wnumersble new compoeries. dorens
of which are floated weekly Newa of the

King’s ilinees shocked the financial dix

trict because | disarranged the plans t,

Asan esamople of the eTect
of the news in the finance! district the
corrtenondent of Tue Sun

that the proepectuees of nine new cor

the financiers
‘s informed
panies, which webe handed to the news-

papers for publication Saturday ‘norning
were withdrawn late Thureday efternocn

THF SOCTAL @8as0NX

The hourses of the world will be allocked
thie morning when they learn of the
King ® death
in London will be grave It will give a
sharp halt to al! speculative enterprises
while it will destroy the social season
that has just opened with a promise of
wonderful! profit for hetele restaurants
retail merchants, theatres and the opers

The King was deeply interested in the
enegess of the eocial season inaugurated
upon hia return from Biarritz
desire if he could do sm to bring
warring political leaders together and to
have the genera) election postponed
until late in the summer in order that it
should not be prec d in the midet
of the sovial season, when (t would oring
irreparable loss at th: same time upon
merchants. theatres, ‘he opera and al!
lines of industry dependent upon amart

It was his

the

| sorlety for a living

people were abroad, but those who heard |

bared their heaces

stood at salute
AN aN RIOWS Day

London was anxious all day he aud-
den news of Edward's greve iliness came
asa blow, because the King was reported
to have returned from Biarritz: in fair
health. All day crowds loitered about

while policemen

| Buckingham Palace and the Mansion

House in the city, where the physicians’
bulletins were displayed
Tho gravity of the King’s condition was

SIGNS OF DISTRESS
It wae obvious to those who called at
the palace several times throughout

 

Lioyd'’» had closed before the,
| partially dressing. The physicians could

The effect upon business ,

, the morning afternoon and evening that |

reflected at Lioyd’s Exchange in a cndden.

rise of the premiume demanded to insure The members

his life. From 6 per cent. premium for

sis months the price rove with a jump! obviously deeply distressed

after the isaue of the 11 o'clock bulletin
‘mmtil later m the afternoon business was
erscuted in a few cases at @ per cent.
premium fer one month. The maurance
was oot merely epeculative Said «
broker

“There are a large number of people
whore incomes are denendent

King ane these were responsible for the! for his

largest proporticn of business ”
EXCMAYOR WORRIED.

!

‘conveyed in the following | The King’s health cooupied the prin- |

despite the grave bulletins of the squad
of rova! physicians and throat specialists
the King's condition was really more
eritical than the medica! bulletins an-
nounced. Everybody about the palace
seemed distraught. Lord Knolive con-
cooled hie anxiety behind « stu
fees of manner in answering the cor-
respcndente’ questions

Early im the day the palace servants
changed their scarlet liveries for black
of the rove! family who
left the palace throrighout the day were
it was ap-
parent that the King's end was near

Ho grave was the last official bulletin
that an urgent summon? was issued to
all the members of the royal family not
already gathered at the palace to come
there immediately

4 DIFFICULT PaTtent

ool ecurt-

even more diffeult during his last two
Spee

FO-DAY STH ANNIVERSARY Kaill's Parx
Piece Resteurant Souvenirs for the ladies — Ade

 

 

Satuapar, May 7, 1910.
Fair to-day; showers to-morrow; light to
moderate variable winds.

— — oo

 

SSS

RICE TWO CENTS.

. ~ . seeieneen te
jthat the royal patient should have all)them mounted the firet guard for King|he was in hie accustomed humor end
the quiet and repose possible, and con-| George V showed the same consideration and kindly
sequentiy his relatives did rot make; Agnouncemente of the King’s death | thought for those brought into contact
any prolonged stay in hie room | were immediately transmitted to the} with him which made him a most pop-
wean Bt? consctoes ee of ~y Affairs and to the | ular monarch. _
: me Office. special staff of the PRAYING FOR GINO.
ie pt nn. a heaton | Foreign Office flashed the intelligence to! ‘The Archbishop of Canterbury presided
- “ oe oe a Coughing SYSFY the British Embassies throughout the|at a meeting at the Church House las
aw SES OES eat im great discom-/ workd and to the chiefe of the Colonial evening. Before opening the proceed.
fort, while on two oorasions fainting fits G
tin ait to bis _ | Government. ings, speaking in low tones broken with
o_o pmy on ae A pathetio incident oceurred outside | emotion, be requested the attention of the
; “| the :
an : ° ing|' palace wen the death of the King |mesting for « moment. He said

some public business. Among other things | ~~
regarding which he made inquiry were |
the arrangements which had been made |
for the reception of Prince Sedunars |
Pushima, who is visiting England to |
represent the Mikado at the opening
of the Anglo-Japanese exhibition. He
made many criticisms of the arrange. |
ments and insisted they should be Z

|

     
 

  

 

 

 

 

  

in certain particulars

it became evident during the after-
noon, however, that the condition of the
| King was steadily growing worse When
in the evening the royal physicians gath-
ered for a second general examination
' they found the fears they had entertained
io the morning were more than justified.
The constant strain of coughing and the
diffloulty e1perienced in breathing by the |
patient had affected hie heart, the left
ventricle of which wae failing to act. |
Another alarming aymptom wae the fact |
that the oxygen which was being admin- |

Yesterday morning and
afternoon he was exceedingly restless
and insisted on getting out of bed and

hot induce him to withdraw his mind

from consideration of affairs of state. He j

often petulantiy observed that he was
unable to rest because he could not take
bis mind from the political situation.

“I cannot rest.” he exclaimed several
times, “because | am thinking of this
terrible situation | cannot stop in bed
| must be up.”

MORNING HOPRS

The King passed a fairly quiet night
Early in the morning the members of
hie and the Queen's suite were hopeful
that the day would bring a favorable
turn to bie illness. Farly visitors to the
palace were informed that he was making
fair 5 (ogress

|
There was stil] no improvement in the

King’s condition at 10 o'clock. It was
derided that a!) the members of the
roval ‘amily then in the palace should
stay through the night Rooms were
prepared for them. At 16:30 it wasauthor-
atively stated that there was no further
change in the royal patient's condition

THE DOCTORS Frans
4' 100 clock, when the royal physicians
gathered for the morning examination
of iMustrious patient. it became
qnieckly apparent that his condition was
verging upon critioa!. The King insisted

the

ipon rising from bed and dressing and |

he received the physicians, whose num-

istered was giving none of the relief it
eS

CONDITION CRITICaL

A little after @ o'clock Dr. Reid came
from the King’s room and banded Lord
Koollys an exceedingly grave bulletin
stating that his Majesty's condition was
critical

The Prince of Wales was atili at the

palace. but the Princess of Wales left

summons was sent to ber. It was so urgent

S008 after 8 o'clock. At 6:39 an urgent
that ehe did not wait to order her own

followed the Prince of Wales to the palace, |

until by 7:30 practically every relative
of the King now fn Londos hed gathered
there

OFFICIALS SUMMONED.

The Archbishop of Canterbury had been
at the palace three times during the day.
while Attorney-General Sir William Rob-
son also came in answer to an urgent sum -
mons Winston Churchill, the Home
Secretary, was summoned by « special
messenger. Just before § o'clock the
Archbishop of Ganterbury left the palace
to attend a meeting of the Christian Social
Union, where he said:
| “I ask you as Christians to etand for a
minute in silence and lift up your prayers
lto God for our sovereign, who ie hanging
| thie moment between life and death.”

At about %:45 the Bishop of Ripon,
| Clerk of the Closet, left the palace accom -
panied by a lady. The Duke of Fife's
carriage left shortly afterward. At 0:90

 

lto the palace and all the members of the
| royal family except the Duchess of Al-
bany were etill in attendance. The ab-
sence of Lord Knollys, who had gone home
to dine, seemed to suggest that there was

|no wmmediate danger |

There is no doubt that the King caught
the chill which developed fatally during
‘his week end visit at Sandringham for
‘the purpose of inspecting the changes
}and alterations which had been made
jin the house and grounds of his Norfolk
home The weather was cold and damp,
| ane the King compivieiy exhausted

| himeelf in hie inspection of various points |

of interest. He was accompanied by Sir
Dighton Probyn,
Puree and Extra Equerry to the King

town and dined privately in Grosvenor

, Crescent
'

the Archbishop of Canterbury returned |

CaUGHT COLD aT SANDRINGHAM |

 

The chill was already showing |

|

|
|

Pooto by Paul Thompson, New York.

THE NEW KING AND THE CROWN PRINCE

  

 

became known. An aged woman knelt
op the wet and muddy pavement, lifted
up her hands in supplication and prayed
for the repose of the soul of the dead
sovereign lying in the palace
ABSENT KINDRED
One member of the King's family who
Was not present at the deathbed was
hie daughter, the Queen of Norway, who
started for London Friday night and
will arrive Sunday. The Duke of Con-
naught, the King's brother, with his wife.
wao also absent. The Duchess of Con-
naught arrived at Suez to-day, returning

from a hunting trip to the Nairobi country, |

Africa, which was recentiy hunted over
| by Col. Roosevelt.

ASKED ABOUT WITCH OF THE «In

| At 5 o'clock in the evening the King
| asked if hie horse Witch of the Air had won
|at Kernpton Park. When informed that he
jhad won the King «smiled gratefully
F.dward insisted upon reading the bulletin
| which the doctors had issued. Six nurses
| Were summoned to ‘he King's bedside
including Miss Fletcher. eho cared for
him after the operation he underwent
the year of hie access She waa at
| Biarritz during hie first attack of bron-
| chitis early in March She is an exper!

jin whom al! the doctors attending the

400

King place implicit reliance. The Queen
had the utmost confidence in Miss
Fletcher. who understood the King's

constitution probably better than anv of
his doctors
FORTITUDE OF THE KIXG
The remarkable fortitude with which

Keeper of the Privy | tne Ring bore bis grave iliness is described

| by a high official who visited him on public
(m Monday evening he returned to}

business on Friday. The strong per
sonality which characterized the King
when in perfect health was no less marked

bers had been augmented by Prof. Bert. | #60 of developing when he returned to | when hie condition was euch as to cause

rand Dawson Thomas, the famous throat
epecialiet. and Pr S (Clair Thomeon,
sitting in a chair

The actual complaint from which the
King suffered was an asthmatic cardiac

gen had been administered to him at
intervals since Thureday night The
medica! examination was first directed
toward possible complication in
throat, thie being the partivular cause
which led to the calling in of Prof Thom-
son. It had been feared that an operation
would be necessary, but Prof. Thomson
was able to make it clear that these fears
were groundless.
of the King was such. however, that the
gravest fears were entertained by the
doctors, and thie they indicated in the
volletin isened at 10.3
THE PRINCE amRivans

The Prince of Wales arrived at the
palace at 0 o'clock. He ansiously
awaited the result of the medical ezami-
nation. The bulletin was shown to him
immediately after it was drawn up and
signed, and it greativy disappointed his
hopes. The Prince later in the morning

the

jauw the King for « few minutes King

Edward was also visited by the Queen,

‘who was among the warliest risers at the

i ihn il a i i cilia il

palace, so anxious was she the| It i# @ coincidence that almost at the
upon the! The King was always difficult patient | 7 cagenaing

physicians to manage He was) nised.

King's condition
however,

It was fully reeog-
that it was desirable

SCPENION TO LEMON ADR—Horstoras
Acid Phosomate added to « glass of cold water
with soger, refreshes and tnvigoretes — Ade

The genera! condition |

the palace late in the evening
i
THE CROWD IN THE RANK

At |) o’cloek the crowd outside the)
palace waiting in the rain was augmented |

'

| te doctors the greatest anxiety. This
| Observer anid:

*l am told by persons who were present
at the palace Thursday that though the

jby the homeward bound theatre crowd. | King was visibly ao ill that if it were the
affection. and as usual in eneh cases ony- | Hansoms and taxicabe crawled past the | °8# of an ordinary citizen his doctors

| palace their occupants stepping out for
| a moment to ask the policemen and
| sentries the latest news about the King
The crowd stared at the light burning in
_ the King’s and Queen's apartments, the
jatter being visible from the rear of the
| palace over the garden wall along Con-
| atitution Hill
While the King died at 11:4 the crowd
at the palace gates did not learn the news
| umtil 1245, but long after the fact was
| known the people lingered. hoping that
tan official bulletin would be posted. This
(was not done. It was lesued to the re-
| porters and sent by ticker to London, so
| that the contents, like the fapt itself, were
| known at a distance from the palace long

that it had even bees given out

TRE END cP TRE Dat

At 110 the great gates of the palace
were closed by the police end the people |
slowly went home. Ae they were leaving |
newsboys began shouting epecial editions.

 

moment the King died the military guard
outside the palace was being changed. |
Thus the soldiers being relieved had!
|mounted the last guard for Edward the!

*| Peacemaker and those who eucoseded | at i

 

would have sent him to bed, hie Majesty
deliberated on matters of state in the
keenest manner and sent for persons
who were concerned respectively in the
business under consideration. These mat-
ters were not urgent, but the King was
interested in them and did not wish them
to be delayed.

“It was well known that the King fol-
lowed all matters of state in the closest
detail, and it was one of his characteris-
ties that he would not be unoccupied.
It was this which made him somewhat difi-

oult from the medical point of view in the }

early stagesof an illness. He must work
or a8 en alternative enjoy bimself He
would not be idle, and this accounts for

he was seriously ji! A great many public
officiais were summoned to his room dur-
ing bis last two days."
SIGNS OF STRAIN

When this official saw the King Friday
the King’s throat showed the serious
effect of constant coughing and there
were outward signs of the strain to which
hie aystem had been subjected. Deapite
the distressing circumstances, however.

"Tt. WASHINGTON & WY.
ot Coenten Wends. Ke presew tedive

a a ee

“We meet as Christian men and women
to consider the needs of our poorest, our
weakest and most helpless. Sickness.
sorrow and the great issues of life and
death level all earthly barriers I ask
you now as Christians to stand for a minute
in silence and lift up your prayers to God
for our sovereign, who is hanging at this

| moment between life and death Let us
| pray.”

| The large audience rose and after «
| period of silent prayer joined the Primate
of All England in repeatin: the Lord's
| Prayer

The Roman Catholic Archhishop of
Weatminster instructed the clergy of th?
| Diocese of Westminster to offer fervent
prayers for the welfare of his Majesty.
enjoining them on Sunday next after
the principal mass to recite the titan?
that God may grant his Majecty “every
grace of which he stands in need at this
moment of erave anxiety ”

IP TRAGIC Day
No au

scenes and

thoritative of th
the deathbed
and the iast hours of the King can he oF
tained Following is a story of the trage
day as seen from within the palace
Farly in the morning the characteristic
air of quiet activity had given place te
busy anxiety The royal servants, mese
;sengers and telegraphers were working
the highest pressure. sending ard
receiving messages to acd from all parte
of the world Telegrams of sympathy
and inquiry came from almost every
foreign Government and from dozens
of i/imetrions and notable foreign per-
sonages
The palace officials were too buew
receiving them to be able to mentios
the senders by name. Immediately o1
arriving at the palace the Prince of
Wales made his way to the anteroow
adjoining his father's chamber, whe-s
he was made aware by Dr Reid of the
result of the diagnosis that hid just
jtaken place He was greatly surprised
‘and distressed at the news, having hoped
‘to find the King better. He spent some
| time in the sick chamber itaeif
| The Queen also comforted the King and
| afterward with the Prince of Wales and
Prinesss Victoria retired to a room near
by. where they spent the greater part of
| the morning waiting for a more favorable
ltupn of events and discussing matters
| with the physicians.
4 GAD FAMILY GATHERING
| Im the view of these gentiomen it was
‘highly expedient that as much rest and
| quiet as possible be afforded to the sick
|man. For this reason his dearest rela-
| tives suppressed their natural desire
| to remain im constant attendanes at bis
bedside. Nevertheless they were close

description

incidents at

a¢

| hetore the anxious lolterers were awere| bio transacting public businessfoven when | ot hand. and’ =

ot the day by Prince Christian, the
Princess of Wales, the Princess Royal
and the Duke of Fife, Princess Louise
(Duchess of Argyll) and Prince Francie
of Teck. The Prince and Princess of
| Wales took a hasty luncheon with the
|} Queen The Princess of Wales after.
ward returned to Marlborough House
All thro ugh the long afterncen the
solicitude of the Prince of Wales was su
great that he never left the immediate
vicinity of his father’s room save with
the object of speaking to the Queen and

|
|