___ ene cll AAO
jan aaa UE nnETEnIIEEEnn Ee mmm

“VOL. LXXV.—NO. 249.

+

—

TAFT MBN LOSE IN JERSBY

CONVENTION WOULDN'T
HIS CANDIDACY.

SPATE
INDORSE

or the “Big Four’ Kean and Baird Are
Ant-Taft and Briggs Hasn't Declared
Himself—Fort Is for Taft—Half the
District Delegates Are Against Him,

frenton, N. J., May 5.~Followers of
President Roosevelt and admirers of Seo-
retary Taft made an unsuccessful attempt
to stampede the Republican State conven-
hon to-day for their favorites. The effort
came immediately after the presentation of
, eet of resolutions or platform and prior to
the election of the four delegates at large
to the national convention.

While the resolutions were pending
surrogate George E.. Russell of Essex offered
an amendment indorsing the candidacy of
»t-Covernor Franklin Murphy of Newark for
the Vice-Presidency and urging the dele-
gates to use their best efforts to accomplish
hw nomination. The amendment was
adopted unanimously and with a con-
«derable display af enthusiasm.

x-Senator J. Henry Bacheller of Newark
‘allowed with another amendment indors-
og the candidacy of Taft for the Presidency.
‘The convention was in an uproar in @ Mo- ;
ment and ex-United States Senator John F.
Dryden, who was chairman and is himeelf
an ardent supporter of Mr. Taft, was for a
time unable to handle the situation.

When order had been restored James A.
Kiauvelt of Paterson offered an amendment
to the amendment substituting Roosevelt
for Taft. There was some applause from
tne Roosevelt adherents, but evidently it
+ an far from being either a Taft or Roose-
velt convention.

Senator Frelinghuysen came to the rescue ;
«ith a motion to table both amendments,
«hich was made after an* unsuccessful
sfort to have them referred to the com-
mittee on resolutions. Senator Dryden
put the motion and declared it carried
before he had given the opponents an
-pportunity to express their views. He
explained that this was an inadvertence
and again put the motion to table, which

was carried by a decisive vote.
kx-Governor Murphy withdrew his name
ve a candidate for delegate at large “in
the interest of party harmony,” as he said.
ihia left as the five candidates for delegate

+ large Gov. Fort, United States Senators
Friggs and Kean, David Baird of Camden,
and ex-Governor John W. Griggs.

Mr. Griggs was nominated by Chancery
‘Jerk Vivian M. Lewis of Passaic, who said
that. if elected Mr. Griggs would support
secretary Taft in the national convention.
\n effort was made by some of the Essex
delegates to obtain a similar declaration
:) the part of the other candidates, but
vithout success.

Mr. Griggs, who was the only avowed
laft delegate at large, received only 171
\ \tes, His opponents ore elected by the
\ollowing votes: Fort, 630; Briggs, 605;
hean, 507; Baird, 568.

Gov. Fort is known to favor the nomina-
tion of Mr, Taft. Senator Kean and David
Baird are both against Taft, and their
choice, it is said, would be Senator Knox.
senator Briggs is also rated as an anti-Taft
man, although he has made no declaration
as to his first choice.

Of the twenty district delegates, most
ef whom were chosen at Congressional
cistrict conventions held this morning,
i) is believed that considerably less than
half favor Taft as first choice, while a
number of the others are opposed to his can-
didacy altogether. -

[he convention took a recess of two
hours to permit the committee on creden-
tials to investigate the charges of alleged
fraudulent voting at the primaries in Hud-
son county. The New Idea men submitted
to the committee evidence tending to show
that the regular organization had been
guilty of stuffing ballot boxes and resorting
‘o other fraudulent methods. The com-
mittee reported to the convention that it
did not find the allegation to have been
proved by the evidence and recommended
the seating of the delegates to whom cre-
dentials had been issued.

When the report was presented an un-
successful effort was made to substitute
for it a minority report. The latter, how-
ever, was tabled and attempts to amend
the majority report were declared out of
order, This ended the fight.

The alternate delegates at large selected
were Gen. C. Edward Murray of Mercer,
Daniel §. Voorhees of Morris, Lewis 8.°
Thompson of Monmouth and Capt. Walter
bk, Edge of Atlantic.

The Republican State convention unani-
inously adopted a resolution introduced
iy United States Senator Frank (. Briggs
expresaing sympathy with Grover Cleve-
lond because of his ill health and a wish
that be may soon be restored to health.

CONNECTICUT FAVORS TAFT.

(onvention’s Sentiment All ‘That Way
Bulkeley and Brandage Opposed.

HantvorpD, May 5.—Delegates to the
tational convention at Chicago will be
cuosen by the Republican State convention
‘morrow. The convention held a pre-
ininary session in the Auditorium this
‘vening, when Senator F, 8, Luther, presi-
ent of Trinity College, made a speech
‘# temporary chairman.

Committees were named and the conven-
on then adjourned until to-morrow
ring
is probable that the selections will
ide without @ clash, unless Senators
Hulkeley and Brandage insist upon going

Chicago, There is considerable op-
jv sition to them, because they are credited
‘ith being hestile to Roosevelt and Taft
‘ni because it has been the custom for |
‘ears for Senators to refrain from attending
‘onventiona as delegates.

The sentiment of the convention is over-
v telmingly for Taft.

A Reformed Character.

! Van Dross, a negress, was tried
\«terday in General Sessions for larceny
end acquitted. She was acoused of steal-
ug $10 from the pocket of Joseph Kyatt,
‘ bo lives in Yonkers,

"This ought to be a warning to you,”
tald Judze Rosaleky as she left the court.

“This is the first time I ever did anything
me oa and I'l never do it again,” sai
j S which the court room laughed at the
"

lt

eee te eee te

O RESTORE THE CITY HALL,

T
Mrs. Sage Said to Contemplate a Further
Gift te the City. oma:
Mrs, Russell Sage, accompanied by Robert
W. de Forest, visited the City Hall yester-
day and called on Acting Mayor MoGowan.
Mrs, Sage inspected many rooms and was

intensely interested in the building as far

as she saw it. The Governor's Room, which

she has had restored to its original condi- |
This room ,

tion, especially interested her,
Mrs. Sage regards as one of the moat im-
portant historical rooms in the city, and
she gave $25,000 in 1007 to have it restored
as to its decorations and furniture. The
plans for this work were approved by the
Municipal Art Commission, of which Robert
W. de Forest is the president.

Mrs. Sage's visit yesterday was paid
with the idea of making the work in the
City Hall stilf more extensive. She thinks
that the: whole building should be restored
aa far as possible according to the original
plans and it is understood has offered to
defray the cost.

The hall is regarded as the beet repre-
sentation in the city of the architecture
of the Colonial period. It has been altered
very much asinoe it was first built, but with
all ite alterations it is still fine, and Mrs,
Sage is described as anxious that it should
be made a permanent exhibition of the
architecture of the period it represents,

McKim, Mead & White made the plans
for the work done on the Governors’ room
and they have in their possession the plans
of the building as it originally stood, which
they secured from the Historical Society,
These plans are supposed to give sufficient
detail for the restoration of the whole build-
ing and if Mrs. Sage's offer ia accepted the
plans will be made under the supervision
of the Municipal Art Commission.

The original architect of the City Hall
was John McComb, who was assisted by the
French architect Lamaire. The building
was finished in 1803, The decorations have
been changed several times since then,
but it is understood that most of the old
furniture is still in the building.

It is said that the work of restoration
would cost at least $250,000,

4 REAL FIGHT IN OHIO.

Jobnson-Bryan Crowd and Supporters of
Harmon Contesting State Convention.
CoLumpus, Ohio, May 5.—The Garber-

Finley faction of the Ohio Democrats seems

to be in control of the Democratic State

convention, the first session of which was
held to-night. Mayor Tom L. Johnson of

Cleveland, however, disputes the claim and

still declares he will nominate Atlee Pom-

erene of Canton for Governor.

Johnson also claims to control the new
State central committee, although the view
of impartial observers is that the committee
stands 14 to 7 against him.

The Cleveland Mayor won out in the com-
mittee on rules and order of business, which
probably means that the convention to-
morrow will indorse James E, Campbell for
Senator. In the other committee meetings
to-night Johnson was worsted,

In a card published to-day Johnson
made a bitter attack on Judson Harmon,
who is considered the most likely nomi-
nee for Governor. He charges that his
nomination if achieved would be dictated
by the liquor interests. He said;

“Harmon's nomination is a trap set by
Bryan's enemies to catch Bryan's friends.
It is a foolish attempt on the part of the
liquor interests of Ohio to sidetrack all great
issues and plaster the whiskey label all
over the Democratic party.

“The Democracy of Ohio can't go be-
fore the people with a candidate for Gov-
ernor who is an attorney for the brewing
interests and who is known as the legal
representative and railroad receiver in
Obio of the Morgan interests in New York.”

There are warm contests on for the
various nominations to be made to-morrow.
Aside from the contests between the Finley
and Johnson factions, there is an inde-
pendent crowd making muc® headway.
They raise the cry that both of the old fac-
tions should be dispossessed.

IRVING W. CHILD MISSING.

Papers in His Young Wife's Divorce Suit
Can't Be Served. F

The attorney for Mrs, Gertrude E. Child
has been unable to serve the papers on
Irving W. Child in the suit for divorce
which she’ filed in the County Clerk's office
in Brooklyn three months ago,

Mr, Child, who is a son of the late W. H. H.
Child, was secretly married to Miss Ger-
trude E. Westfall by a hotel chaplain in
Manhattan on March 26, 1906, and the
couple went to live at 1902 Ditmas avenue,
Flatbush, near the home of the bride's
father, Arthur 8. Westfall, at 185 Stratford
road, Six months ago there was a sepa-
ration and Mrs. Child with her baby went
to live with her father, Soon after the
separation the Ditmas avenue house was
closed and young Mr. Child disappeared
from Brooklyn. His wife has been ignorant
of his whereabouts since they parted and
even his own lawyer professes to have no
knowledge of his present whereabouts,
He may have gone to Europe, it is said.
There is a petition pending before the
Supreme Court for an order to serve the
summons and complaint in the divoroe
proceedings by publication.

Mr. Child has already received nearly
half a million dollars as part of his share
in his father's estate, and within three years
he is to get another big slice of the estate.
Several “unknown women” are named as
oorespondents in the divorce suit.

As Mrs. Child is not yet quite 21 years old
her father was appointed guardian to look
after her interests in the suit for divorce.

PEKIN LOOTER TO BE TRIED.

German Officer Who Took Emperor's
Marriage Certificate Must Answer,
Special Cable Despatch to Taw Sun.

BeRuty, May 5.—-The Ministry of Foreign
Affairs at the instance of the Chinese Lega-
tion has instituted the prosecution of a
German military official who was a mem-
ber of the expedition against Pekin in 1900
for purloining the Chinese Emperor's mar-
riage certificate, details of which were
cabled to Tuk Sun some time ago.

The officer took the dooument as a gou-
venir not knowing what it was, and after
other looting officers of the Western Powers
had rejected it, supposing it to be worthless.
It is stated that the document passed
through the hands of Gen, Count von Wal-
dersee and other high officers, none of
whom objected to ite gemoval,

Now, after ite restcration to China, its
late r has learned with astonish-
ment that the appropriation of such a

oayment constitutes, in the Chinese view,
a sacrilege the depth of which the Ooci-
dental mind is incapable of conceiving.

New stylish eyegiass called “ilkit” with Bisight
or ‘Torte toblen SPENCER'S, 8 Maiden —_
Aue

ath:

— et +

EW YORK, WEDN
PAIL T0 AGREE ON CURRENCY

OF REPUBLICANS
WITHOUT RESULT.

CONFERENCE
IN HOUSE

They Will Tackle the Problem Again To-
night—Cannon Pleads for the Vreeland
Bill—Members of the Conference Agree
Not to Be Beund as in a Caucus.

Wasntnoton, May 5.—The Republican
members of the House of Representatives
held an abortive conference to-night on
the subject of financial legislation.

The object of the conference was to de-
termine upon some measure providing for
the issue of emergency currency and to
agree to put it through the House before
adjournment. But after three hours of
earnest and at times excited debate the
conferees failed to reach an agreement.
They will meet again to-morrow night and
may have further conferences

No other bill than that introduced by

Representative Vreeland of New York was | else may desire to kn

considered to-night. This measure makes
commercial paper the basis for the issue of
circulating notes and provides for the
organization of clearing house associa-
tions to put the notes in circulation, :

The discussion was directed more par-
ticularly, however, to a resolution pre-

ESDAY, MAY 6, 1908,—comvriot,

sented to the conference by Representative |

Bennet of New York, which in substance
recognized the commercial paper feature
of the Vreeland bill and provided that the
bill should be revised by a special commit-
tee of the conference. Mr. Bennet's resolu-
tion was based upon suggestions from
President Gilbert of the New York Clearing
House Association, Its text follows:
“Resolved, That the conference approves
the underlying principles of the Vreeland
bill, namely, a recognition of commercial
paper through clearing house associations,
as a safe and logical asset for emergency
currency, and also approves the proposition
for a currency commission, and be it further

mittee of five members to perfect the bill,
such committee to report the perfected bill
to the conference at an adjourned meeting
to be held within five days.”

Those who spoke in support of the Vree-
land bill were Speaker Cannon, Represent-
atives Burton of Ohio, Weeks of Massa-
chusetts, Keifer of Ohio and Madden of
Illinois. Those who opposed it were Repre-
sentatives Fowler of New Jersey, Hill of
Connecticut, Waldo of New York, Hayes of
California and Campbell of Kansas.

Speaker Cannon in an impassioned ad-
dress urged the Republican membership
of the House to adopt the Vreeland bill as
the best possible compromise for emer-
gency circulation that could possibly be
reached.

At the outset of the conference a resolu-
tion offered by Representative Prince of
Illinois providing that those in attendance
should not be bound by any action that
might be taken to-night was adopted.
This will govern at the meeting to-morrow
night or at any subsequent meeting that
may be held.

LET THE DOCTOR PROCEED

And After Child's Life Was Saved Arrested
Chauffeur for Speeding.

Dr. Max Wolper of 1911 Madison avenue
got a message from a family by the name
of Bleiberg of 805 East Thirty-third street
last night that a daughter, Mazie, 4 years
old, who is ill with throat trouble, had
grown worse and seemed to be choking to
death. Dr. Wolper stopped for Dr. E, K.
Brown at 1885 Madison avenue and then
struck out for Fifth avenue as fast as his
fiutomobile could turn a wheel, Between
Forty-fourth and Forty-third streets Bicycle
Policeman Fletcher shouted that the speed
law was being violated.

When Dr. Wolper explained the urgency
of the case the policeman told the chauf-
feur to go ahead full speed and he would

|
|

|

follow, saying that if there was a life at |

stake he did not want to stand in the road.

The machine then speeded down the | at Dundee, where Mr. Churchill is finding

avenue and over to the Bleiberg home.

There the doctor jumped out and the polices | jority of 5,411 in 1906 suggested as likely,
man arrested the chauffeur, Morris Thomp- | His opponents are growing confident of a

aon.
Dr. Wolper then operated on the child
and his colleague administered the
anesthetic. The patient appeared to be
relieved and is likely to pullthrough, Then
the doctors proceeded to the police station
by trolley car and bailed Thompson out.
Dr. Wolper said that he intended to com-
mend Policeman Fletcher to Commis-
sioner Bingham for intelligent conduct

| VON BERNUTH WANTS HIS BOYS.

Still Loves His Wife, He Says, but She
Doesn't Live With Him,

Fritz von Bernuth, Jr., a manufacturer
of carriage robes, obtaing) yesterday from
Justice Davis in the Supreme Court a writ
of habeas corpus directed to his wife, Paul-
ine Schultz von Bernuth, commanding her
to produce in court on Friday their two
sons, Frederick and Emil, aged 9 and 14
years.
Von Bernuth, who lives at the New York
Athletic Club, says that for two years hia wife
has refused to live with him and has been
living at the home of Mr. and Mrs. Lucian
| Cha an, at 620 West 115th street. Von

Bernuth thinks that the Chapman home is
| not a proper place for his children and
| wanta the Court to grant him the sole cus-
| tody of the boys.

e Von Bernuths were married in 1892
and lived together until July, 1906. They
lived at the Hotel San Remo and spent the
summers at Von Bernuth's country place,
Broadoake, near Murray Hill, N. J.

In February, 1906, Von Bernuth says, Mrs.
von Bernuth went to Florida with Mrs.
Lucian Chapman and later spent part of
the summer with Mrs. Chapman. The fol-
lowing year she leased Broadoake to the
Chapmans without consulting her husband,
When he protested she wrote him that she
had decided on a legal separation and
recommended that he bring suit if he felt so
inclined.

Von Bernuth declares that he loves his
wife and wishes her to return to live with
him. He says that since November, 1906,
he has sent her more than $5,700 for the
support and maintenance of herself and the

His income is now so reduced, he
gays, owing to the financial stringency,
that he cannot afford to make such a large
allowance.

Mrs. Beers’s Aute Runs Down a Child.

An automobile owned by Mrs. Julla
Beers of 38 West Seventy-seventh street
and ocoupied by Mrs. Beers, her son Walter
E. Beers, A. L. Cahn and the chauffeur,
‘Frederick Aneth, ran down six-year-old
Mary Home yesterday afternoon in front
of the child's home, 79 East 126th street.
The child was thrown into the air, Mr.
Beers and Mr. Cahn carried her to her
home, where she was treated by a Harlem
Hospital ambulance surgeon.

-

|

| respondent, came to an abrupt end in the

“Resolved, That the chair appoint a come | Lord was made known to him he took the

CASSIDY AT THE RACES.

Seeks Enlightenment and Says He's No
Even the Governor's Puppet.

State Senator Owen Cassidy came to
town yesterday and spent the afternoon at’ |
the races at Jamaica. Most of the time he ,
sat with Andrew Miller, one of the Jockey
Club stewards. Senator Cassidy said last
night that he was not a guest of the jockey |
club. He paid his way in.

“I went to the racetrack,” he said, ‘on |
the theory that information should always |
precede legislation and light will often dis-
pel darkness and prejudice, I came to the
track merely for an afternoon of rest. I
am trying to understand what has caused
so much hysteria and to satisfy myself why
the amusement of horse racing, which is |
often called the sport of kings, and the j
racetracks generally should be swept into
the sea,”

“How are you going to vote on the racing
billa at the special session of the Legisla-
ture?” Senator Cassidy was asked.

“I don't know the bills that will be intro-
duced,” he said, “But I spurnand repudiate
the charge that I am anybody's puppet, |
even the Governor's, much as he or anybody
ow what my attitude
is.”

Somebody wanted to know if he had quit
a winner at the races. To answer that, said
he, would be telling whether he bet at all.

|
HENRY J. LORD GETS DIVORCE,

Wife Accused of Intimacy With Negro
Coachman Withdraws Defence.

Bripoeport, Conn., May 6.—Trial of the
divorce suit of Henry J. Lord, a wealthy
poultry breeder of Trumbull, Conn,, and |
Kansas City, against his wife, Augustine
Emanuel! Lord, in which their negro coach-
man, Harry Cameron, was named as co-

Superior Court this afternoon when Mrs.
Lord abandoned her defence in the case
and Judge Robintson granted to the peti-
tioner a decree of absolute divorce and
custody of the six-year-old daughter.
Cameron had been hovering around the
court house, As soon as the action of Mrs.

train for New York, fearing violence at the
hands of Lord’s friends, who went in search
of him.

In the proceedings this morning Jerome
Vickers, 11 years old, who lives near the
Lord residence in Trumbull, testified to
having seen Mrs, Lord kiss the negro coach-
man.

Bertha Seawall, a maid at the Lord resi-
dence, told many stories of Mrs, Lord's
fondness for the coachman. Mrs. Lord,
the witness said, washed the coachman’s |
stockings and underwear and sewed letters
on his handkerchiefs. She also made a
silk shirt for him.

Mrs. Lord confided to the maid, she said,
that Cameron had good taste in dress,
When she didn't know what to wear in
the morning she asked him, Once she
changed a handbag because Cameron did }
not like it The maid declared she had
seen Mrs. Lord's photograph in a gold
frame on Cameron's bureau, The de-
fendant also made a necktie rack for Cam-
eron, the maid said, and wrote on it “From
the girl who loves you.”

On a hot day last year Mrs, Lord sug-
gested to the maid, she said, that it was
too hot for Harry to asleep in the attic,
“I'm going to see if he can’t sleep on the
couch in my room,” Mrs. Lord declared.
“I'm not afraid of Harry.”

————

VIRTUAL LIBERAL DEFEAT,

Bad Slump in Majority in Wolverhampton
—Trying Ordeal for Churchill,
Spectal Cable Despatch to THR SUN.

Lonpon, May 5.—There was another big
turnover of votes to-day in the by-election
at Wolverhampton to fill the vacancy in
the House of Commons caused by the ele-
vation of Sir Henry Fowler, Chancellor of
the Duchy of Lancaster, to the peerage.

The Liberal candidate barely managed to

retain the seat by a majority of 8 votes in

a total vote of 9,020. In the last election Sir

Henry Fowler had a plurality of 2,965.

The result is expected to have consider-
able influence upon the polling on May 9

a stiffer proposition than the Liberal ma-

huge reduction in this majority, Some of
the more sanguine are even looking to
victory.

Circumstances have obliged Mr. Churchill
to undergo an ordeal which may have
material importance on his electoral suc-
cess, He started for London to-night to |
conduct further negotiations to settle the
shipyard dispute. His predecessor in the
presidency of the Board of Trade, Mr. Lloyd-
George, developed remarkable power for
composing such differences. Mr. Churchill
has yet to show his ability as a peacemaker
in labor troubles.

He will return on Thuraday to Dundee,
where there are 1,400 workers affected by
the dispute. If he is able to announce a
settlement he will be enthusiastically re-
ceived as a benefactor. Otherwise, justly
or unjustly, but inevitably, he will be re-
garded as having failed to prove his capacity
to preside over the Board of Trade.

DICKERED WITH HER BURGLAR,

Woman Gets Her Money Back and Keeps
Prisoner to Boot,

Mrs. Annie Steinlieb, a young woman

whose home is on the top floor of the tene-

| ment at 237 East 110th street, returned

home at 5 o'clock yesterday afternoon
and found her dining room door open
and three men rummaging around inside.
Two of them got away, but the third Mrs. |
Steinlieb grabbed.

The burglar and the woman tusasled |
about the floor, Mrs. Steinlieb shouting |
for help and the burglar punching and |
trying to free himself. Then Mrs. Stein- |
lieb was reenforced by other women in the |
building, who came with rolling pins, |
brooms, stove lifters and other implements |
of household warfare and defence. '

The burglar offered Mrs. Steinlieb, if |
she would let him go. her pocketbook
containing $25 rent money, which he had |
just taken from a sideboard drawer. She
assented, He put the money in the pocket
of her jacket, but she still held on, and |
presently Policeman Haggerty of the East
104th street station came and took the man
away with him.

The prisoner said he was William Meyer, |
18 years old,nohome. He was locked up

on a charge of burglary.

81,000,000 to Make Schools Safe.
The Board of Aldermen at its meeting
yesterday approved the action of the Board
of Estimate in printing 01,000,000 for
fitting echools wi > eens. escapes and
putting them in as safe condition as possible.

908, by 7

~| TREATY WITH JAPAN SIGNED | -

'
| Portugal and Switzerland. The Japanese

TO

THE FIRST ARBITRATION PACT
WITH THE MIKADO.

Officials and Diplomats in Washington Sure
prised—The Treaty Is Similar to Those
Already Negotiated With Other Nations
as a Result of the Hague Conference.

Wasntnaton, May. 5—-In the face of the
hinte of possible international conflict which
came from Administration Senators in the
debate over the battleship provision of the
naval bill Seoretary Root and Baron
Kogoro Takahira, the Japanese Ambassador
to the United States, signed to-day a gen-
eral arbitration treaty between the United
States and Japan.

The treaty provides for the settlement by
arbitration of all disputes of a legal nature
or in regard to the construction of existing
treaties betwen the two nations, but ques-
tions of vital interest, the independence or
the honor of the two contracting states and
questions that concern the interests of a
third state are not included. The treaty
will be in force for five years

The signing of the treaty was a complete
surprise to officials and diplomats in Wash-
ington, as only a fow persons were aware
that negotiations were in progress. The
completion of the treaty marks the first
definite result of the resumption of treaty

negotiations which were discontinued in

the winter of 1906 on account of the assaults
on Japanese subjects in San Francisco.

At that time a treaty for the exclusion
of Japanese codlie laborers from the United
States was under way, but the negotiations
were abandonéd by Japan on account of the
great spread of anti-American agitation
in that country due to the San Francisco
outbreaks, ‘The treaty signed to-day is the
first arbitration treaty negotiated between
Japan and the United States,

Baron Takahira presented hjs credentials
on February 2. Shortly thereafter work
upon the present treaty was begun upon the
suggestion of Secretary Root, who had al-
ready negotiated similar treaties with
Great Britain, France, Norway, Spain,

Government assented readily to Secretary
Root’s suggestion.

The treaty is in accordance with Arti-
cle 19 of the first Hague peace confer-
ence, which recommended that the Powers
signatory to the Hague conference con-
clude agreements with a view to the settle-
ment by arbitration of all disputes which
they consider possible to arbitrate

The treaty is practically similar to those
already negotiated with several foreign
Powers and in a few days it will be sent to
tho Senate for confirmation, No opposi-
tion to its ratification is expected. The
exchange of ratifications is to take place in
Washington. The five years period will
date from the exchange.

SEEKS TO ENJOIN GRAND JURY,

Amertean Ice Company Asks Appellate
Division to Head Off Inquiry,

Wesley M, Oler, president of the American
Ice Company, applied to the Appellate
Division of the Supreme Court yesterday
afternoon for an alternative writ of pro-
hibition against the special Grand Jury
empanelled at the request of Deputy At-
torney-General James M. Osborne and for
an order restraining the jurors from further
proceedings against the ice company

Justices Ingraham, Clarke, Houghton
and Scott ordered the petitions submitted
without argument, and reserved decision
until to-day. The proceeding is unusual.

President Oler contends in his petition
that the power of the Attorney-Ceneral in
proceedings against his company is de-
funct and that the authorization of Gov,
Hughes for an investigation cannot be used
for a new prosecution, as the matter was
disposed of in the former court and Grand
Jury preceedings.

He alleges that the new Grand Jury “is
not a lawfully constituted body” and that
“no fa¢ts exist which would warrant re-
submission to it of the charges.”

CHILD CHRISTENS BIG BALLOON,

A. Holland Forbes's Daughter Breaks |
Champagne Bottle on Conquerors Anchor.

PITTSFIELD, Mass., May 5.--Miss Natalie
A. Forbes, the twelve-year-old daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. A. Holland Forbes of 67 East
Fifty-fifth street, New York, smashed a
bottle of champagne over the anchor of
Mr. Forbes's big balloon, the Conqueror,
in North Adams this morning at 10:50
o'clock, and the balloon, carrying Mr.
Forbes, as pilot; Leo Stevens, its buildeff ;
William F. Whitehouse and Henry White- |
house of New York, ascended into the blue
Berkshire skies for ite first flight,

Fully 6,000 people gathered about the
Aero Park in North Adams to witness the
christening of the largest balloon ever
built in this country and one that is to
be a competitor for the international cup,
which was wrested from Lieut. Lahm last
October by German balloonista.

Mr. and Mrs, Forbes and their party
arrived in North Adame last night. Ata
ladies’ night at the Berkshire Club, at
which members of the Aero Club of North
Adams were gueste Col F. 8, Richardson
of the Aero Club of North Adams presented
to Mr. Forbes a handsome silver loving cup
in appreciation of hia interest in the North
Adama Club, of which he is a charter mem-

r o*

The Conqueror has a capacity of 80,000
cubic feet of gas. To-day it carried 2,425
pounds on ita initial flight, of which 1,800
pounds was sand ballast.

The christening was a pretty ceremony.
Little Misa Forbes, in a gown of white,
with the insignia of the AeroClub of America |
on her arm, broke the ribbon bedecked
bottle of champagne and said in girlish
tones, “The Conqueror I christen thee.” |
Then all hands let g° and the great yellow |
bag arose into the sky.

he balloon landed near Farmington,
Conn., this afternoon at 4:45 o'clock. The
distance of the flight was a bit more than
seventy miles The landing was without
incident

TROOPS GUARD OHIO TOBACCO,

Militia Called Out to Halt the Work of
Night Riders from Kentucky.

Cotumpus, Ohio, May 5.—Adjutant
Critchfield to-night decided to send two
troops of the National Guard to Brown
and Clermont counties, in the burley
tobacco district of Ohio, along the Ohio
River, to stop the outrages by Kentucky
7 . ill deploy be’

troops will deplo: tween Higgins-

pore and Cberdecn, where tebaces "boas

ve been torn up and warehouses burned
nearly every night for two weeks

Wapweapar, Mar 6, 1908.

Rain to-day; partly cloudy

and warmer to-

morrow; light southerly winds.

ha Sun Printing and Publiehing Association,

KAISER INVITES DR, HILL,

ew Av’ assador to Be His Guest at the
Kiel Regatta.
spectal Cable Despatch to Tar Sux

BERLIN, May 6.—The Kaiser has invited |

Dr. David J. Hill, the new American Am-
bassador, to attend the Kiel regatta.

ORCHARD STILL WANTS TO DIE.

Steunenberg’s Murderer Says Other Prison-
ers Make Life Unbearable,

Borsk, Idaho, May 5.—Declaring that
the contempt to which he is subjected from
the other prisoners makes life in the peni-
tentiary unbearable Harry Orchard to-day
said he wanted to die on the gallows and
that he hoped the Board of Pardons would
reject the application of Judge Wood to
have his sentence commuted to life im-
prisonment. “I want to have an end to it
all,” he said.

Orchard said that the other prisoners
at the penitentiary refuse to associate with
him and that his existence is worse than
death.

Owing to the absence of Secretary of
State Lansdown from the city to-day the
hearing of the application made by Or-
chard’s attorney was postponed by the
Board of Pardons until to-morrow,

Orchard has asked his attorney not to
ask for clemency and his request will be
partially complied with. His counsel will
merely present the recommendation made
by Judge Wood and will present no argu-
ment.

KIGHTH MOON FOR JUPITER,

Little One Spotted on Photograph Plate at
Greenwich Observatory.
Special Cable Despatch to Tae Sun

LONDON, May’5.—The staff of Greenwich
Observatory announce that they have dis-
covered an eighth satellite of Jupiter.
During an examination of photographic
plates of Jupiter Mr. Melotte, one of the
assistant astronomers, discovered a faint
marking occupying slightly different posi-
tions on the different plates.

The circumstances precluded the suppo-
sition that it was one of the known satel-
lites or a minor planet, Repeated investi-
gation by Messrs. Melotte and Crommelin
led to the conclusion that it was a new
satellite, with a retrograde orbital motion.

950,000 TREES FROM GERMANY

To Be Planted in the Adirondack Reserve
This Year and the Next.

ALBANY, May 5.—Many men will get
employment by the reforesting of the
Adirondack preserve.

The State has purchased from Germany
950,000 seedling trees. They include 450,000
2 and 500,000 3 years old. The 2-year-old
seedling trees have been put in anew nursery
to remain one year, when they will be
planted. The 500,000 3-year-olds, with 600,-
000 that the State already hadin its nurseries,
are now being planted in the forests, mak-
ing a total this year of 1,100,000 seedling
trees to be planted, twice as many as have
been planted before in this Statein any one
year. '

At present there are about forty men
employed in the nursery and at least 100
in the planting fields in the foresta, With
so much additional planting to be done
this force will have to be increased ma-
terially. The 2-year-old seedlings cost
75 cents a thousand and the 3-year-olds
$2.65 a thousand.

~~

PERUVIAN REBELS CRUSHED.

Government Troops Make Many Prisoners
—Leader Durand Flees,
Special Cable Despatch to THR SuN
Lima, Peru, May 5,—The revolution has
been virtually suppressed by the sub-
prefect of Cerro de Pasco, who has de-
feated the insurgents, taking many pris-
oners and seizing arms and supplies,
Durand, the rebel leader, has fled in the
direction of Huanuco. —
The Government denies the report of an
insurrectionary movement at Cuzco, the
capital of the department of that name

CARDINAL LOGUE AT CAPITAL.

Will Have Luncheon To-day With President
Roosevelt.

Wasutnoton, May 5.—Cardinal Logue
has been kept so busy aince his arrival in
Washington, not to speak of other places,
that he exclaimed to-day:

“The way you people go is something
wonderful. Why, since coming to America
{ have had no more than enough time to
say my mass and office.”

His Eminence attended mass at St. Pat-
riak's Church at 8:15 o'clock this morning
and then he was whisked around the city
on a sightseeing trip, getting back in time
for a luncheon at the Catholic University,
where he met Cardinal Gibbons and Bishop
O'Connell, rector of the university, and
Archbishops Kyan of Philadelphia, Trelaad
of St. Paul, Keane of Dubuque, Blank of
New Orleans and a large body of clergy and
laymen of the Church.

‘He will be the guest of President Roosevelt
at luncheon at the White House to-morrow.

KITTY JOYCE TAKES A DRIVE,

Lands In Bellevue Owing the Taxicab
Man 832.80.

Kitty Joyce is in the alcoholic ward at
Bellevue again, after a $12.80 drive in a
taxicab. She got the taxicab from in
front of Bretton Hall and ber firet errand
was to find Magistrate Walsh and try to
borrow $2 to make up enough to take her
to Arizona to bury her mother. When she
landed in Bellevue she had 25 cents atill
unenpencet for drinks and the taxicab
man is wondering where he comes in. She
told him she was one of the Vanderbilts.

Kitty is the woman who fooled the Head-
quarters sleuths in April with one of her
imagin flights until she was recognized
by an old timer.

WHO FORGOT CHANLER?

Murphy Knows of No New York Demo-
cratic Candidate for Vice-President.

Charles F. Murphy was asked yesterday
if New York State would have a candidate
for Vice-President at the Denver convention.

“None that I know of,” said Mr. Murph F

“No idea about Lieut.-Gov, Chanler he

was asked,
“Every man has a right to be a candidate
for a nomination,” he said.

Sale of Hope Diamond Confirmed.

The sale of the Hope diamond was con-
firmed yesterday by a member of Joseph
Frankel's Sons, who were the owners of the
stone.

*The diamond has been sold in Paris,” said
Joseph Frankel, “but we are not at liberty
to disclose the name of the owner. One
thing I wish to correct and set right. The
stone has never been out of our possession
and bas at no time been owned by any one in

PRICE TWO CENTS.
{{ KILLED IN HOUSE OF MURDER

BODIES OF FIVE OF WOMAN'S
VICTIMS FOUND IN YARD.
genes
Lured Men With Money to Her by Matri-
montal Advertisements—Only One Iden-
tifed—He Had 88,000 When He Went
to Visit Widow and Disappeared.

| Laporte, Ind., May 5.~That wholesale
murder had been done at the home of Mrs.
Belle Gunness, near this city, was disclosed
to-day by the search of Sheriff Butler of
this county for the body of Andrew Held-
gren of Aberdeen, 8, Dak., who came here
last January to visit Mrs, Gunness,

One week ago this morning the home
of Mrs. Gunness was destroyed by fire.
The body of Mrs. Gunness and her three

| children were taken from the débris.

| Ray Lamphere, who had been a hired

| hand, was arrested and is now in jall await-
ing trial charged with the murder of the

family.

Mrs. Gunness had been twiog married.
Her first husband was believed to have
died as the result of poison administered
by her. Her second husband was struck
on the head with a meat cleaver and was

|e killed. Mrs. Gunness said t
her second husband's death was acciden

and there being no evidence to substantiate

| the foul play theory a verdict of accidental
death was rendered at the Coroner's inquest.

The search for Heldgren was undertaken
at the instance of John Heldgren, a brother,
who came here from Aberdeen as soon
as he heard of the destruction of the Gunnes
home and the burning of Mrs. Gunnes

and her three children.

At a depth of four feet under ground,
near where the house stood, the body of
Andrew Heldgren was found. In another
place the body of a woman was dug up,
which is thought to be that of Jennie Olson
Gunnes, a sixteen-year-old girl whom
Mrs. Gunnes had reared and who disap-
peared in September, 1906, when it was eaid
she had gone to Los Angeles, Cal., to attend
school.

Andrew Heldgren became acquainted
with Mrs. Gunness through a matrimonial
agenoy. At that time Heldgren spent
almost a month visiting Mrs, Gunness and
others in this city, after which he was sup-
posed to have started on a trip to Norway
and Sweden. He had not been heard of
since. At that time Mrs, Gunness was try-
ing to get a} from a local bank, When
Heldgren lear of this he offered to lend
her the money. Early in January she bor-
rowed $1,500 from him, Just before that
Heldgren had drawn $3,000 from an Aber-
deen bank through a local bank.

Heldgren’s body was found dismem-
bered. The arms, legs, trunk and head
had n put into different sacks and
buried. Sheriff Butler and Proseoutor
Smith are confident that Lamphere, who
is charged with the murder of Mrs. Gunness
and her children, knows of the Heldgren
murder. He was working for Mrs. Gunness
at the time Andrew Heldgren was staying
there. One day he appeared in a local barber
shop wearing Heldgren's coat, and it is
thought that he worked in conjunction
with Mrs. Gunness in making away with
the man. The body of Heldgren was iden-
tified by a scar on the skull and also by the
teeth.

The finding of the bodies of Heldgren and
Miss Olson added to the zea! of the search-
ers and within an hour twenty men were
digging in the yard. Wherever the earth
appeared soft the diggers went at their
work with enthusiasm and in a little while
three bodies were added to the two that
were found earlier in the day. One was
that of a woman and the other two were the
partly decomposed bodies of men. All are
unrecognizable.

That all of the five persona were murdered
there can be no doubt, for each of the bodies
except Heldgren’s was stripped of all
clothing and buried less than four feet
under ground. The manner of the burials
shows that they were done hastily. It is
believed that Mrs. Gunness was the mur-
dereas in each instance and that the male
victims were men who had come to see her
in answer to matrimonial advertisements.
This theory of the several crimes, however,
is based upon the known fact that Held-
gren came to Laporte on a matrimonial
mission and that he loaned Mrs. Gunness
money and had a large sum on his person
in addition to what he gave her.

Two of the bodies were found buried
under a piece of a mattress or bedtiok,
and above this was found the body of Miss
Olson. It is now believed that the girl
was murdered through fear that she would
reveal the crimes of which Mrs. Gunness
is supposed to be guilty and that the mur-
der was committed at about the time that
the two men were killed and buried in the
yard. The fact that they were buried
beneath her and that the bodies or akele-
tons show practically the same stage of
decay fixes the murders some time in Jan-
uary 1006, at which time the Olson girl
was missed and Mrs. Gunness reported
that she had gone to Los Angeles to attend
school.

Mrs. Gunness’s home bas been for five
years a house of mystery. She did not
tell where she came from and when her
second husband died shortly after their
arrival the circumstances were such as to
direct suspicion to her. She said that a
meat cleaver had fallen from a ebelf in
the kitchen and killed him, and a deep gash
in his head corroborated the story so far as
the cleaver was concerned,

Then she began to advertise fora husband
and from time to time men were seen around
her house, but their coming and going
attracted little attention,

During nearly all the five years of her
residence here Ray Lamphere was a hired
hand on her farm and is believed by the
authorities to have knowledge of the crimes
if he did not actually participate in them.
He said that Heldgren left for Chicago
on an early traiy on the morning of Febru-
ary 5, but it is khown that he did not go te
that city. Probably it was on that date that
he was murdered and his dismembered
body placed in the gunnysacks and buried.
His is really the only body that has been
positively identified, and the officers are at
a loes to account for the other bodies,
especially that of the woman other thas
Jennie Olson.

After the Gunness home fire the charred
remains of the four victims were found, ex-
cepting the head of Mrs. Gunness. It is
thought that ehe was murdered before the
house was set on bre. Lamphere is known
j t have bose & love wit her cad & hong