=

ae

j
!

 

   

J RAW INSANE, SAYS HIS KEEPER.

5 took luncheon together to-day for
time in more than two veare. Mre.
Ww remained tintil late in the afternoon.

been jealous of others who paid her at-
tention,

That Mrs. Gunness was planning for
another victim was developed to-day by
the finding of letters from Carl Peterson
of Waupaca, Wis., addressed to her and
indieating that the subject of marriage
had been discussed between them.

The tenor of the letters, however, showed
that Petersen had been somewhat disap-
pointed by the discovery that Mra, Gun-
neas wanted more money than he was
able to command. He candidly admitted
that he did not come up to the monetary
standard that the woman seemed to re-
quire, but frankly told that he wanted to
marry her, and would do so if she could
consent to be a poor man's wife.

The officers ure making an effort to dis-
cover at what times and with whom Mrs.
Gunnesa has been corresponding in the last
three or four years. If the names of her
correspondents can be secured through the
post office the information may establish
the identity of the two men whose skeletons
were found in one grave this afternoon.

Within four years there have been several
disappearances in this county and the
officers think the finding of the skeletons
may explain thom, It is supposed that all
the clothing of the several victims was
burned in order to prevent identification if
the bodies were found, There was no
clothing in any of the graves.

Until to-night Lamphere knew nothing
of the finding of the bodies, When told
of the discoverfes he was reading a Bible
in the county jail. He staggered tow ard
the wall when he heard that the bodies
had been found

 

“Bodies, murder, Helgren, my God, that
woman,” he said, “I knew she was danger-
ous, Good heavens, she tried to get me to

buy chloroform for her onee, While Hel-
gren was there she wanted some poison.

She always carried a big gun and quite
often told people that she would kill me
if 1 got gay with her

“Now that they are found I have come
to see what wos going on around there.
Once the sweetheart of Miss Olsen came
to the house and visited with the family.
He left and a few weeks later his trunk
was returned, It was always locked. A
few days after it came [ saw some clothes
around the house that he had worn

“On another cecasion a large black haired
man came to the house and visited Mra.

Gunness, He also disappeared. | always
thought he went the route

“Helgren was murdered by her, | am
certain, She waa always afraid that eome
one would see him, Ove day we happened
to be in the sitting room together whén she
came in. She waa angry and told me to
get out and never speak to him again

“A few days later-1 think it was Janu-
ary 12--I came home from town and Helgren
was gone. | asked for him, and she said,
‘Lsaid you would never talk with him again,’
Then IT did not know what she meant, but
now I see it all.”

 

CATHOLIC SCHOOLS DINNER.
Hishop Cusack Hepes That the State Will

Yet Support Them,

About 500 former pupils of the Koman

Catholic schools of this city dined at the
Hotel Astor last evening in celebration of
the centenary of the diocese. Edward J,
Boyle presided, but yielded the chairmanship
to Justice Victor J. Dowling when the time
came for the toasts.
MuJuatice Dowling said that the time when
mere tolerance was extended to the Catho-
lies as regards their educational system
had gone by in favor of the view that at
the present time Catholic teachings were
welcomed as amost the only element com-
hating the tendencies of the day.

Bishop Cusack, auxiliary bishop of
New York, made a sirong plea for public
support of the Roman Catholic parochial
schools, which at the beginning of his
» th he said he thought he should there-
after speak of as Catholic publi¢ schools.
When Bishop Cusack said that he hoped
the time would come when these achools
would be supported by the Government
he was interrupted by a tempest of ap-
plause.

Bishop Cusack thanked God that the day
would never come, as he said, when in this
country the State paymaster should dictate
to the Catholic educators. “We have had
enough of that in France,” he said, “where
the State paymaster, because paying for
the school instruction on weekdays, dic-
tated what the priests should preach in the
churches on Sundays.”

“We are doing the State's work,” he
added, “teaching human children human
knowledge. Let tho State pay us so much
per head; let them pay us, and over and
above that we will teach the children re-
ligion. And over the portrait of Washing-
ton we'll heng the croes of Jesus Christ.
Over and above patriotism we will teach
the children the religion that will carry
them into the heat of battle. Ic is easy
enough to teach patriotism. See the Jap-
anese, who have no roligion, yet see the
force they develop against a foreign foe.”

The Rev. Thomas A. Thornton, Jobn J,
Delany, r. James J. Walsh and the Rev,
Jehn J. Wyane, 8. J., also spoke,

NUN KILLED BY A FAIL,
Piet or Rose Dead at Foot of Elevator Shaft
bw’ io Breoktyn Convent.

Sister Rose, who had chargo of the indus-
trial departroent of the Convent of the Sis-
tera of Mercy, at 373 Willoughby avenue,
Brooklyn, was found Ucad yesterday morn-
ing at the foot ef the elevator in the cellar
by Petrick Cudiok, tho engineer. The body
was badly bruised, and Dr. Julius L. Mon-
‘monier of 480 Classon avenue, who was
q@urmmoned, said that the sister had been
dead for several hours.

The mother superior and the other sisters
= Rreatly shocked by the discovery, as

r had not been missed from her
room on the third floor. About 9 o'clock
om Monday night she went downstairs to
gee a visitor who bad called to inquire about
her sick ohild, and soon returved to her
room. It is supposed that in the night she
started to go downstaire for some medi-
cine and in the darkness stumbled into the
open elevator shaft.

Sister Rose was Annie Bowers before
she became a nua She was born in lreland

sixty years ago end came to this country
with her peconte in early life. She was in
et

 

 

 

her twentieth year when she bevame a Sis-
ter of Meroy. She leaves a mother and alas-
ter in Manhattan.

The funeral services will be held at the
eonvent ‘o-day and the burial will be in
Holy Cross Cemetery.

 

Aoting Supt. Baker's Answer to the Writ
of Habeas Corpus.
PotomKeErsiz, May 6.—The return to
the writ of habeas corpus secured by Harry
K Thaw was filed to-day, Amos T. Baker,
acting superintendent of the Matteawan
State Hospital, deaies upon information
nnd belief that Thaw was sane when com-
mitted or that he is now sane, but declares,
on the contrary, that he is insane.
Tho return includes quotations from the
remarks of the Court when, Thaw was ac-
uuitted to the effect that the testimony
wed manic-depressive Insanity, which
‘wae likely to be manifested in recurrent
outbreaks.

Mrs, William Thaw visited her son to-day,
Whe arrived on a morning train and was
driven at once to the court house and went
fo the room Thaw occupies. Thaw and his

w is looking forward with pleasure
to several weeks of comfort in Sheriff
Chanler's quarters. A number of times
to-day Thaw referred to the agteeable
oiange in his surroundings from Mat-

“It is worse over there than the

Tonks over thqught of being,” he said.

£ pabie't y eel > eu if Biota vat ¥ hey

,

 

WU READY WITH ANSWERS

CHINESE MINISTER MEETS THE
FIRE OF THE CIVIC FORUM.

 

 

Audience Wants te Know Why Chinese
Women Don't Come Here and What Are
the Prospects of Socialiam in China
~~ Address on the Country's Awakening.

 

Wu Ting-fang, the Chinese Minister to
the United States, told all about the awaken- |
ing of China in an address before the Civic |
Forum at Carnegie Hall last evening. From
hie remarke it waa gathered that although
China may have slept right through the |
alarm olock that aroused Japan and may |
have continued to sluriber until pretty |
pearly noon, she is wide awake at present
and determined to make a good long day
of it.

And after making a carefully prepared
speech upon this subject, Mr. Wu went right
on to demonstrate that when it comes to
meeting all comers at putting the sixteen
pound question, the Hon, William H., Taft
hasn't got anything on the Chinese Minister.

Mr. Wu answered pretty nearly all the
questions fired at him, and when be didn't
want to make direct answers he told why
and did it in a convincing and satisfactory
manner, There was no more doubt that
the Chinese Minister had another one of
the numerous times of his Oriental life
than there was that the big audience both
liked and respected the Chinese Minister
immensely.

Mr. Wu's prepared speech he read slowly
from manuscript, He said a good many
things of interest, the chief one perhaps
being that so far as his country was con-
cerned there never would be any yellow
peril, China, he said, would never be
an aggressive military nation. Her genius

was to be ina position to assure her ability
to defend herself against any possible attack,
When she had reached that position the
Far Fastern problem would have been
permanently solved,

The Chinese diplomat stuck rigidly to
his tnanueeript, departing from it in only
a single instance. This departure came
when he was telling of the fight by which
the Chinese Government none to stamp
out the opium curse. Here he abandoned
his manuscript long enough to interpolate
this remark ‘

“Lam glad to say that in all my lifeT
have never smoked one ly of opium,
So I think I may safely stay here,”

But though the Chinese Minister was
heard with interest and frequently ap-
plauded in the course of his set speech,
of which every word was distinctly heard
to the furthest ceoamee of the hall, it was
when he came to the rough and tumble

| game of enawering questions that he really

      

won hia a . The questions had
to be written and then handed up. Robert
Erskine Ely would then réad them aloud,
whereupon Mr. Wu would eail in,
A roar of laughter greeted the reading
of the firet query, Here it ia; “What
has been the cause of the recent rapid
increase in China's population as compared
with that of other countries?” Mr, Wu
aettied this by den-ing the fact stated in the
question. He said he didn’t think the
population had much increased in the last
ten years. Famines and other things had
kept it down. This, however, must be
guess work, because there was no acourate
census in China.
The next man asked why there were
comparatively few women among the
Chinese in this country.
“Chinese women don't like to go abroad,”
replied Mr.Wu. “And then even in China they
tay in their own homes more than women
do here. Going abroad is thought a great
danger, Another thing is the t diffi-
oulty in getting admission to thie country.
A roar of laughter from the audience.|
Still, I won't say anything. But if you in-
veatigate you will find out,”
© ou think socialism on a grand
écale will arrive firat in China?” demanded
the next question. Everybody laughed,
including Mr. Wu. ‘Nothing is im ible
in this world,” he replied. “But I do not
think socialism will reach China first.”
It was the next question and its answer
that delighted all hands most of all. “Ge-
ologiste,” wrote the inquirer, “say that
China is drving up and that before many
years the Chinese will be able to live onl
in the southeastern part of China. Will th

|
did not run that way. What she wanted

cause @ great emigration?”
“I don’t know what these Eee te are
thinking about,” responded Mr. Wu with

a ge. “I don’t see any likelihood of
China drying up. For 4,000 years she has
never driedup, But if it should take place,
which 1 hope it never does, the population
would dry up at the same time, so there
would be no emigration.” The audience
laughed till the tears came and the Minister
beamed delightedly.

came a man who wanted to know
if China when she got more powerful
would exclude Americans as America now
excluded Chinese,

“We Chinese do not think as you do,”
said Mr. Wu. “Don't you know that we
have heen called the beathen Chinee and
that our waye are peculiar. We look to
you a our brothers aad sisters. Our door
fs open. We won't sbut it @ ” This
reply drew out thunderous appiause.

en came a query in rather bad taste.
Somebody asked what was the sentiment
of the modern Chinese ing the wear-
ing of pe quae. Mr. Wu said that opin-
ions differed. It was a matter, be said with
dignity, which he didn't care to discuss

ia pees.

The pert wan wanted to know if invest-
ments in securities were safe.

“Sure!” shouted Mr. Wu promptly, and
every person in the hall roared with laugh
ter. Aly. Wuwenton tosay that he str ugly
aivieed that kind of investment. Choa
had never in a angle instance failed to
pay interest when it was due. Some ex-
traordinary inquirer wished to kaow
if there was any considerable body of
Chinese historical Hterature. A word of
garcagm would have been natural, but
Mr. Wu patiently answered in the afirma-
tive.

The Chinese Minister entered the hall
with Mr. Ely, Marcus Marke and Gen. Stew-
art LL Woodford, He was dressed in Chinese
costume—a cream oolored silk robe falling
almost to the instep, a red jacket over the
robe reaching to the waist, the black head-
gear of skull cap likeness with @ splendid
jamond surrounded ruby glittering from
it, Gen. Woodford intvoduced him and he

In tes speech the Minister said

thie of China's military future:
By nature and choice a peaceable nation,
taught froia our infaney to abhor violence
and to reverence reason and right, we have
been led to worship literary pursuits and to
despise the martial life. We had a nominal
land ariny of from 490,000 to 500,000 strong,
but in reality there were never at any one
time more than 700,000 men who constituted
not 80 much a national army asa constabulary
force for maintaining order throughout the
provinces,

It was also decided to organize twenty
army corps, each of %,000 men, aggregating
an effective total of half a millionmen, Now
these plans and figures may seem pretty
formidable to you and may lead you to think
again of the vellow peril bogey which at |
one time ewept over Europe and America. |
No, there need be no fear of any yellow peril. |
In reorganizing the army and navy the}
Chinese Government has bee: actuated by
one aim, and that is to place them in a state
of efficiency for police and defensive pur-
poses only, China has never been and will
never be aggressive in a military way—she
is too fond of peace and realizes too fully the
horrore of war for that,

PceeeneetteontD {
Bankers’ Committee to See Mrs. Cleveland. |

Laxewoop, N. J., May 5.—The executive
council of the American Bankers Associa- |
tion transacted routine’ business to-day
and to-night had a dinner at which a hun-
dred members and their wives were pres-
eot. Several informal speeches were made,
Col. J. J. Powers of Louisville president of
the association, and E. F. Swinney of Kan-
sas Oity were as a committee to wait
upon Mrs. Grover Cleveland and extend
to bor the best w of the association for
e recovery, a
wit ree , *o

  

i

UA

    

MNOS

 

? eve ee

THE SUN, WEDNESDAY, MAY 6, 1908

——

Tebeyflandmade

urniture

is the highe st known

achievement of the

cabinet-maker’s art.
The Tobey

furniture Gm

| y
11 West 32nd Street

GERRY SOCIETY IMMUNITY |

LAWS HAVE BEEN SO FRAMED
48 TO PREVENT INQUIRY.

The Sectety Exempt From An) thing Save a
Supreme Court Investigation and the
City Has Had No Meana of Getting an
Accounting--No Gain in Private Gifts,

Whatever results Comptroller Meta's
investigation of the Gerry society may
have in showing the workings of that or-
ganization, it was the opinion of many
charity experts yesterday that it would
do more or leas good in showing that the
organization which Mr, Gerry has #o suc-
cessfully intrenched behind a lot of special
lawe is not wholly above and beyond the
law.

In addition to doing this, in the opinion
of some of those conversant with the aitua-
tion, it will also impress upon the city
officials the value of demanding more
detailed reportea from that society of the
receipts and expenditures of city moneys.

As @ matter of fact Mr. Metz is the first
outsider to make @ successful assault upon
Mr. Gerry's citadel at Twenty-third street
and Fourth avenue.

What goes on in the private prison main-
tained there for children is known in detail
only to E. Fellows Jenkins, Mr. Gerry's
superintendent since the society was or-
ganized. There is a board of trustees,
made up of a number of wealthy men, who
hold monthly meetings and get reporte
from Mr. Jenkins. Their disposition has
always been, apparently, to leave every-
thing to Mr. Jenkins as Mr, Gerry's viceroy,
Inspection such as other organizations
asking for public subscriptions invite and
are glad to receive has never been asked
for or encouraged by the society, nor has
it ever been represented at charity con-
ferences, There is only one authority
that can really investigate the Gerry society
and that is the Supreme Court, and Mr.
Gerry even got the Legislature to except
hie society from its inspection for some
years.

membership corporations subject to the
visitation and inspection of a Supreme
Court Justice or any one appointed by the

Court, Mr. Gerry by some skilful work at |

Albany brought it about that the law made
a curious exception in favor of societics

for the prevention of cruelty; until 1899 |

it could shut its doors in the face of any
one. The: Mr. Gerry decided that it would
be better if his society didn't enjoy this
exception, and that it would be better to
have the power to inspect his organization
lodged with the Supreme Court than with
any one clee, particularily in view of the fact
that under the law the court would not
exercise th'a power unless formal applica-
tion was made to i. by eore one and then
the applicant met pay all the ville incurred.
So the law was amended in 1890 and the
Gerry Society became subject to the court.
No outside person has ever asked the Su-
preme Court since then to find out the real
workings of Mr. Gerry's society.

The only time the Supreme Court has
ever been asked to investigate tie soolety
it was asked by the soctet:’ itse'/ and that
waa in 1°99 right after the fuss made by the
State Board of Charities, In the nine
yeare that have passed since ‘he society

aw never asked to he inspected even in 60
friendly a way ae this,

The immunity which the Gerry Socieiv
has enjoyed from any prying by the city
hes Leen « subject of a good deal of wonder
among persons who have studied the aitiua-
tion, In the very way in which Mr. Gerry
has got money from the city thore has been
ove of thoes nice little exceptions which
Mr. Corry was 60 successful in getting when
he was building up bis society. Juvenile
asylumsand organiations of that charactor
get money from the city just as Mr. Gerry

a

as for years, but they get il on a per capita |

1
basis.

Not only is the city compelled by law to
give money to the Gerry Hociety but it
gives it in a lump sum and doesn't even
get back from Mr, Jenkins a detailed state-
inent showing how he has spent the money.
lt hes been impossible for the city to ex-
amine the expense accounts of thé agents
employed in investigating cases turned
over to them by Magistrates, which is one
of the things this city money is supposed
to go for. Although virtually police of-
ficers and attached to the courts and spend-
ing city money the agents are responsible
not to the city but to Mr, Jenkine. Under
the new law which Mr, Metz had passed
the Comptroller’s examiners are to look
into this matter now for the first time,

The society's formal requeste eaol year
for an appropriation from the city are

upon by Daniel C, W. Potter of the

Comptroller's office, whose duty it is to
investigate such appropriations.
ter, who is a friend of Mr. Jenkins, reported
favorably upon the request of the society
some years ago that the appropriation be
raised from $40,000 to $50,000 a year, al-
though there was no detailed statement
made at that time of how the money was
spent. ;

The money

piven by the city amounts to
almost half o

the society's income. Ac-

cording to the last report of the society |

the amount of donations and dues of mem-
bers was $58,500, which is about what’ it
was getting from the public as far back as
1804. While the amount subacribed to other
organizations in most cases has shown a
large increase since then, the public does
not seem to have increased ita support of
Mr. Gerry's society. That this would not
be the reault if it were a more democratio
institution and not a citadel closed to all
inquiring eyes is the candid opinion of
those engaged in cooperative charity work
in Mis city.

Even in the matter of the money col-
lected by the Gerry society for the city
from parents of children committed to
inatitutions, there has been little or no at-
tempt made ty Oe city to inquire into the
met. of the society's agents and the
amount. received from this source.

‘ The city perend over thie work to Mr.

jerry’s society back in 1885, principally
the ptrotler did not want to
ecciety is

 

When the law of 1695 wae passed, tnaking

Mr. Pot- |

       

peend to follow up such pores and see
hat they pay each week the amount fixed
by the court, This amount is a partial re-
the children in institutions.
| simply taken the statement of the society
' as to what this amount should be.

In 1902 the bureau of dependent children |

| of the Department of Charities was organ-
ized to do a similar work in the case of chil-
dren placed in institutions as a result of
having destitute parents. Following this
there was ME ype of about $5,000 in the

amount turned over to the city by the Gerry
society

INQUIRY INTO HUMAN MISERY,
Hecklers at Ascension Parish House Dire
agree With the Lecturer,

The Rev, Percy Stickney Grant's Sunday
evening parlor Socialist parties have been
8o well attended of late that they have to
beat tattoo before everybody gets a chance
| to say hie aay, so they had a “continuation
Pegey" last night In the parish house

of the Church of the Ascension, at which
| Charles Johnson defined the causes of
human suffering. Dr. Grant wae present,

but did not apeak,

So many people disagreed noisily with
Mr. Johnson's viewa that Prof. Mitchell
of Columbia, who refereed the bout, had
to go to Mr. Johnson's help every once in
a while, reininding indigaant orators that
they must be courteous, no matter how
muoh it hurt. So far as could be deter-
mined August Belmont did not attend the
“Tie hazanded

Mr. neon hazarded the opinion” that
the rich do not go to the enloone, There-
fore the poor paid the alcohol bills—$100,-
000,000 a year in this benighted town. There
Was @ source and a cause of suffering. Fur-
thermore we eat toc much. Then there
was incontinence in another direction.

A young man uprose ina front chair and
remarked in a firm voice that Mr. Johnson
was talking nonsense, The saloon was the

or man's friend; a pleasant, bright!
ighted resort, where he could go and “abe
one drink, staying an hour or two among
friends without a kick from the barkeep,
| Drinking was an effect rather than a cause
of human misery.
| An East Sider started up from a thicket
of Socialists. Prof, Mitchell tried to head
him off, but he beat the barrierand was away
winens.

“It ies nonsense vat I hear,” he cried,
“Dere iss worts undt worta mitoudt sense,
Vat ins der misery cause, I ask it? Squeezers'

Dot iss it! Squeezers! Beoples grinding
| der vorkers!
| so vorse!”

eer is What we need, sympathy,”

| saiclan oldish man near the wall. “Somebody
to tell our woes to. That would correct most
of human misery.”
| “Wall, I've aeen more poverty and un-
happinees in the temperance clubs I used
to belong to than [| ever seen out of them,”
runted a young man who slipped in under

Squeezera! Alcohol, she aindt

rof, Mitchell's guard; at which there wae |

much gpreaies.

The Key. Alexander Irvine said that the

| result of Mr. Johnson's addrewa showed

how little poopie were prepared to grasp
the truth when they saw it.

REPUBLICAN AGAINST CANNON,

Leader Williams Gets Reerull for Bil) Pul-
ting Pulp on Free List.

WasHINGTON, May 5
lican has signed his name to the petition
drawn ip by Minority Leader John Sharp
| Wiliam. praying that Speaker Cannon
recog!) a Democrat or a Republican
to call up the Stevens bill providing that
wood pup and print paper be placed on
the free list. The mopman who has
thus distinguished himself is Representative
Parker of South Dakota, who is serving
his tiret term

“My people are for revision,” said Mr,
Parker fo-day in explaining his action.
“Tbe newspepera of my State are urging
that wood pulp and print paper be admitted
duty free. For that reason | believe the
Stevens bill should be passed, and it was
for that reason that I signed Mr, Williams's
petition ”

 

Movements of Naval Vessels.

Wasninaron, May 5.—The gunboat
Montgomery has arrived at Newport, the
tugs Fortune and Ajax at Mare Island, the
tug Uncas at Guantanamo, the tug Rocket
at: Washington, the cruisers West Cirginia,
Colorado, Maryland, Pennsylvania, Ten-
nessee, Cajifornia, South Dakota and Wash-
ington and destroyers Prebel, Perry, Davis,
Fox and Farragut at San Francisco; the
battleships Minnesota, Ohio, Maine, Mis-
souri, Alabarna, Illinois, Kearsarge, Ken-
tucky, destroyers Whipple, Hopkins, Hull,
Lawrence, Stewart und Truxtun, hospital
ship Relief and repair ship Panther at
Santa Cruz. The cruiser Birmingham has
sailed from Boston for New York and the

pons Paducah from Curacoa for Porto
‘abello

 

 

Delegation in Congress Invites Haghes,

WaskINoTON, May 5.—Gov. Hughes was
invited by telegraph to-day to be the guest
of honor at a reception that the New York
delegation is planning to give him on his
arrival in Washington next week to attend
| the conference of Governors. The invita-
| tion to the Governor was forwarded by
Representative Payne, senior member of
| the New York delegation.

 

Army and Navy Orders.

WasRINoTON, May 5.—These army ovders were
issued to-day:

Capt. Alfred Aloe, First Infantry, from reoruit-
ing auty to Fort Leavenworth,

‘apt. Augustus B. Warfleld, Fifth Field Artillery,
from recruiting duty to Fort Leavenworth.

Major Samson 1. Faison, Twenty-fourth In-
fantry, to Madison Caprese, New York.

Col. George A. Dodd, wo eifth Cavalry; Lieut.
Col, John Pitcher, to Fourth Cavairy; } erat Stephen

oore,

L, Slocum, to Second Cavalry; Capt. John W. M
to First Cavalry; Capt. Marion C, Raysor, to Twelfth
Ammon A. Augur,

Cavalry.

Lieut. Col. Twenty-fourth
Infantry, to Fort Thomas.

The retirement of Brig.Gen, Charies Morris is
announced,

These pavy orders were lasued

Lievtenant-Commander F. A. Durell, from the
New Jersey to the Weat V: ia as oxecutive.

Lieutenant Commander M. HM. Signor, from the

      
  

    

West Vi la to the New Jersey as navigate:.
a seeeh ¥. Fiecher, from the Louisiana to Wash -

Geui.k. Farie, to the Maine ss vavigator,
‘. ¥, T. Tarrant, from fala oO bome

“haan “t from the Chicago to
‘owe and oe niente eave.

Dales ee
— Aon

Lae eae re i vee Ny

|

| turn to the city for the expense of keeping |
The city has |

One lone Repub- |

     

wighoyle | ak

-*
.

 

|
LEARNING
MUSIC
THROUGH
THE
PIANOLA
Is

SOLID

|

|

|

|
- | ENJOYMENT
|

|

|
|
|

 

|

 

 

Ohe
AEOLIAN CO.

Ee

  
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 

 

 

   

“NO MORE INTENSE PLEASURE
IN THE WHOLE RANGE OF ART”

“Tt is a pity that it is impossible to acquire mu-

ical culture as easily as r
‘ leasure of diving into the depths and beauties
of the score of a master work is as great and in-

the

and writing; for

tense a pleasure as any in the whole range of art.'’

nique,’
placed
TURE,

will be understood by

ducing music.

golf or a game

  

 

 

rienced the fascination o

For the same reason that you prefer to play
of cards to the mere watching of
others play, so you will find a new pleasure in
music when you feel that you are
producing the mustc yourself.

The Pianola reveals the mysteries
and delights of master works toa
degree that formerly could only be

Pianola Piano,
tribute to the actual enjoy ment of play-
ing, but they insure a much higher order of artistic
result than is possible with any other instrument.

Aeolian Hal

HEN the great composer Schumann wrote
these words he little dreamed that the day
would arrive when “the dragon, Tech-

’ would be overcome and MUSIC

upon the same basis as LITERA-

so far as ¢asy access is concerned,

If you ask a Pianola owner why he en-
joys playing the instrument so much, he
may find it hard to explain in words that
one who has never expe-
f PERSONALLY pro-

    
     
 
       
 
   
    

attained by the labor-
ious method of training
the fingers to become
so many highly perfect-
ed machines.

The Pianola takescare
of the purely mechan-
ical side of music, .¢av-
ing thereal music itse];—
the composer’s concep-
tion—for you to EN-
JOY, to ANALYZE,
and, best of all, to RE-
PEAT AS OFTEN
AS YOU LIKE.

Those important improvements,
the Themodist and Metrostyle,

are exclusive with the Pianola and
They not only con-

     
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
     
       
      
 

362 FIFTH AVENUE,
9 near 34th St., New York

   
 

 

 

EVANS REJOINS THE FLEET

Sill FROM
LAST RUN OF

MONTEREY
VOY AGE.

SHIPS
ON

 

Hall a Million People Will Greet Thom at
Noon To-day From Hills of San bi cine
cisco Bay--Bereavement Hidden From
the Admiral —Plans fer the Heception,

Mon Trersny, Cal., May 6.— Admiral Evane
left Paso Robles before 7 this morning fol
a short railroad run to Monterey, Hé
was dressed in civilian's clothesand looke«
absolutely a different man from the wort
| invalid who came up from San Diego ouly
three weeks ugo. He had spent tne night
}in the private car Sacramento, so that
he should not be forced to go into the cold
| morning air,
| Just before leaving Paso Robles, he said
/*lam now anew man, Should | ever be
troubled in this way again I will certain!
come here,”

The Admiral received fhearty good-byes
| from all around the hotel, and at the railway
station crowds chvered him as his special
car went ewiftly by, These greetings
evidently warmed his heart

He stood the journey to Monterey well,
| He was received by Lieut. Crane, Lien-
| tenant-Conimander McLean aud Ensign
| Weaver, his aides, He wae helped into a
| small boat and taken out to the Connecticut,

All preparations were made this morning
for the departure of the battleship fleet on
the last leg of ite cruise to San Francisco
lightahip where it was scheduled to anchor
to-night at 9 o'clock. The fleet sailed
promptly at 3 o'clock, ‘This gave six hours
for the run up the coast of 100 miles, The
San Francisco lightship is just beyond the
Farrallon Islands, twenty miles from the
Golden Gate.

Santa (Cruz gave a rousing good-by to
the fleet «his afternoon. The day was de-
clared a’ legal holiday by the Mayor and
all business was suspended. The people
utilized the morning hours in visiting the
ships, but at 10:30 all were ordered off and
all officers and men were called back to
their vessels, The hour for sailing found
all Santa Cruz atirred to great excitement
The signal flags ran up to masts, the
great funnels belched black smoke and
amid the cheers of thousands along the
beach the fleet started on the last run of
ite long voyage.

The bluejackets are delighted with Santa
Cruz. No attempt was made to put up
prices, there was no effort to be exclusive
and none to confine the welcome to officers.
No town lots were offered for sale and all
the boosters kept out of sight.

San Francisco, May 5.—Conservative
estimates are that half a million people
will witness the entrance of Admiral Evans's
fleet to-morrow from the various hills of

'

 

 

San Francisco, not to mention hundreds of
thousands who will see it from the Oak-
land, Berkeley and Marine county shores
Railroads, river steamers and ferries will
bring in 148,000, while 350,000 of the city's

own population will turn out to see the >

naval spectacle,

The fleet is expected at the Golden Gate |

by noon sharp, and those who enter the
harbor on the war vessels will see the vari-
ous hills along the shore black with thoun-
sands of cheering people.

The Pacific cruiser fleet of eight vessels
will meet the Atlantic fleet off Angel Island
in the harbor and will then move with it in
procession to its anchorage, beiween rows
of crowded steamships and launches and
yachts.

As soon as the fleet has anchored the
Mayor will pay his respects to Admiral
Evans on the flagship, and the Governor
will follow. Then Admiral Evans or Admiral
Thomas for him will return the calls. At
9 P. M, will be held the first reception and
ball at Fairmont Hotel. It will be in
honey ef Secretary. Metcalf and the vc

i

Pe | Ln

     

manding officers. Admiral Evans will be
taken ashore as soon as the Connecticut

!

Policeman Indicted for Abduction.
Edward M. Willi, the policeman who was

drops her anchor and an auto will rush found in a room with fifteen-year-old Rose

him up to the Fairmont, where Mrs. Evans
is *ovring

The eithusiasm with which the fleet | Was arral
was received at Loa Angeles will be sur-
passed here because of the great number
of strangers and the eagerness of the people

to give the siilors a hearty welcome.
When one of the San Francisco papers
printed this morning a despatch announc-

gcanason, Robley D. Sewall, Mrs. Evans
‘as greatly perturbed. She wired to her son
ind to Admiral Thomas to keep the news-

feath of his little favorite, as she feared
the effect of the news upon him. He will
aot be told of the death until after the pro-
cession on Thursday.

RIG

Australian City Planning Decorations for
Visit of U.S, Fleet,

Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN

Sypnry, N. S. W., May 5.—The Govern-
ment architect is planning a scheme for the
decoration of the city on the occasion of the
visit of the American fleet.
It is expected that the American Admirals
will make their official landing at Farm
Cove, where Lord Hopetoun, Australia’s firet
Governor-General, landed in 1901,

 

GALA FOR SYDNEY.

 

Tariff Commissioners To France,
WasHinoton, May 5.—Secretary of State
Root announced to-day the appointment of
James B, Reynolds, Assistant Secretary of
the Treasury; Edward P. Schaffter of the
Department of Agriculture and Morris
Jucobaon of the Department of Commerce

aud Labor as members of the tariff com-
mission appointed in accordance with the
terms of the French trade agreement ne-
gotiated several months ago. The com-

mission, with three members appointed by
the French Government, will make an in-
vestigation of the tariff administrative sya-
tems of the two countries,

TRY!

Hunyadi
Janos

The
Only Natural
‘Laxative Water

on which you can rely
to relieve

|| CONSTIPATION

Take }4 glass on aris-
ing in the morning.

| || rn full bottles and splits

eng te A
$$$

~ CARPET
CLEANSING

(Wy Comoressed \ir in 'ire roof Bullting)

ALSO FIREPROOF STORAGE

TM. STEWART, of ave.
438-442 WEST GIST ST.

FOUNDED TELEP:
4

i] x:
5 hes (963. Ao MSDE 2.

ing the ueath of Admiral Evans's little

 

| in $1.500 bail.

i

|

 

 

vaper off the flagship and to warn all the |
\dmiral's attendants not to mention the

|

|

     

 

 
   

Townsend at 861 West Forty-fifth street.
was indicted yeaterday for ction, He
in General Sessions and held
When Frederick Townsend
found his sister with Willi he took the police-
man's revolver away from him and shot
him, inflicting a slight wound. The Grand
Jury refused to indict Townsend.

 

KRUG & CO.

Private Cuvee

‘The very highest type of
Champagne, made from the
world-famed growths of Verze-
nay, Av, Bouzy and Cramant.
Of the many thousand acres of
vines which form the Cham-
pagne district, hardly ten thou-
sand can produce wine of such
an exceedingly high type.

§. 8. NICHOLAS & CO.

Sole Agents for U. 8,
4i and 48 BEAVER ST., New York.

  
      
   
       
     
     
     
    

 

 

Pa TAP ERIENT WATE

  
      

MARRIED.
WAGSTAFP—FRENCH.—On Tuesday, May |, 1008,
at St. John's Church, Newport, R. I., by the
Rev. Charlies F. Beattle, Pauline Le Roy,

daughter of Amos Tuck French, Esq. to
Samuel Jones Wagetaft.

DIED.

CASWE LI. At Shelter Island, New York, on Sun-
day, May 8, 1908, Wlillam Halsted Caswell, M. D.,
eon of the late John and Mary Haight Caswell.

Funera! services at Trinity Chapel, West 25th et.,
New York clty, Wednesday, May 6, at 10:30. M.
Interment private. Kindly omit flowers,

FARRINGTON,--On Monday, May 4, 198, Joseph
Oakley Farrington, M. D., of 1991 Madison ay.
New York olty, aged 78 yoars.

Funeral service in Holy Trinity Church, corner
ce av, and 123d st., Thursday, at § o'clock

GRIFFIS,—-Middietown, N. Y., May 4, result of
accident, Frederick H. Grif_s, D. 0., in bis
Sth year.

Interment Delhi, N. Y., 4 P. M. Thursday, arrival
Ontario ‘and Western train No. 1.

HAMILTON, —Stuart Walcott, at Kansas City, Ma.
son of Edwin Chauncey and Elizabeth Wal-
cott Hamilton of Brooklyn, aged 52.

Interment private at Greenwood,

MILLER.—On May 5, at 280 West 78th st, in the
67th year of his age, George Mason Miller of
West Nyack, formeriy of New York elty,

Puneral services will be beld at St, Michael's
Chureb, 99th st. and Amsterdam av., Thursday,
May 7, at 10:30 A. M,

NICHOLS.-—-On Tuesday, May 5, 1904, George Dans
Nichols, aged 51.

Funeral services Indian Hill Chapel, Middle-
town, Conn., Thursday,

STICKNEY.—Suddenly, on May 4 Albert Stick
ney, In the @th year of his age.

Puneral at Grace Church on Thursday, May 7,
at }0A.M, Interment private,

ASSOCIATION OF THE Bak OF THE City or Nev
Yours, 42 West 44th st., May 5, 1008, —The officers
and executive committee of the association
have been appointed to represent the associa
Uon at the funeral of the late Albert Stickney,
one of the founders of the association, at Grace
Church, Brosdway and Jith st., on Thuredag.
May 1,198, at10A.M. They are requested t
meet in the vestibule of the church at@4s A.M

TP. B, BROWNE, Secretary

EEE

NOTICE,

REMOVAL—Mrs. Wm. B. rding, visiting
moved from bos Fifth
years to

 

 

     

cr, has re

401 Kite OF...