:

oe ¢ ve aS | Bey
oe wees oy

4
JEROME DEFENCE AGGRESSIVE

 

 

 

W. Osborne. Mr, Jerome said there had
been no court order directing the Attorney-
General to show these minutes to anybody

oe ais a het
a ree

‘aaa pai iL cll Wika acto

bury knowing this first turned toward

 

 

It had been expected that Justice
Goff would say something about ice, but
ust before Justice Goff began talking he
had a talk with Mr. Osborne at the benoh.

THE SUN,

AMONG THE AUTOMOBILISTS

 

line. For the one mile and the kilometer
triala the care will be allowed @ longer start-

ing distance, The local committee, of which

,

twenty-six cars finished on time in the endur-

ance run of the Motor Club of Harrisbur

 

; roads near her bome as far back as the eum-

mer of 1906,
Out West, however, the women motorists
are apparently cast in a far more strenuous

WEDNESDAY, MAY 6, 1908,

Evans’

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

| arranged, and considering their lack of prac-
| tice the contestants did unusually well, The

summary follows:

Mies J. R. Mix, Englewood, 1, 4 down; Mrs. N. P,

     

AUTOMOBILES,

 

 

 

AUTOMOBILES,

 

 

y He said there had been a serious violation | Mr, Osborne seemed anxious to have Justice | County Clerk John Niederstein is chairman, | mould, for a couple of Idaho women have Rogers, Baltusrol, 2, 7 down; Mrs. F. F. Sanford
A of the law, and intimated that he might | Goff do something but Justice Goff, whose | ts working on plans for # grand stand to seat | announced their intention of going on alittle wee bounty, 6 8 Geen re OP Yong
‘ hold a Grand Jury investigation, Ap- | Voice is usually very low, became a bit | 1,000 spectators and for the fencing off of the automobiling jaunt from Portland, Me., | faitusrol, 3, 11 down; Mrs. S. F. Lefferts, Engle: |
: excited and. taiked very plainly to Mr to Portland, Ore, figuring on making the | wood, 1,11 down, Miss G, Bishop, Brooklawn, 0, | §| sania ; -
parently the extracts were taken from | Fe Oe id that Mr. Osborne | “aire course. transcontinental trip in eight weeks. ‘The | }2 down: Mrs. L. W. Callan, Englewood, 8, 12 down ROADSTER, State Ave, Tonsead Removers, 00
| weuers a oo 7 ° — feminine motoring argonauts are Mrs. E, F. | Mrs. J. B. Kinney, Richmond County, 3, 12 down Rakish Steering Post,

Mr. Osborne's office by a man from Clarence

wanted to have his investigation go over

 

 

Barney Oldfield remarked yesterday that

Teape and her daughter, Mra, Vera Mac-

Miss _P, Schwarzwaider, Baltusrol, 3, 13 down

 

 

J, Shearn’s office and by Mr. Pierce's sten- | until Thursday, to which Justice Goff would | he enjoyed road racing, of which he had | Kelvie of Sand Point, idaho, and they expect ure Freak Fos, Englewood, 6, 13 down: Mrs,
tg a r, Oxborn \ é ) " t t i ' " ». Vanderpool, Morris County, 8 14 dewn
ographer while Mr, Osborne was out of his | uot agree _ eee a ne of saree a Scnlne Mi, eae dal Eatehsetact Miss M. F. Harrison, Baltusrol, 3, 14 down; Miss 1. |
office. a ; S hipple’s Stearns in the Briaro TOPAY | double oylinder Waltham-Orieat runabout, | [tving, Richmond County, 8, 16 down; Mra. C, L
As to producing the minutes Mr, Jerome | 4 POLICEMAN HIGHWAYMAN. | contest, and thet he hoped to have more | ‘They will make the trip alone and intend feet et 8M down; Mrs, Cunningham
said opportunities to engage in this form of auto- | to travel unhampered by chauffeurs or lug- | “Wry tM, Daniele, Richmond County. 4, no card |
“] leo! ; ly with dudee Motorman Accuses Patrolman Baisley of | mobile competition. Oldfield said that he | gage, other than the necessar wearing Mrs. A. D. Aldridge, Dyker Meadow, 4, no card
cee 50 Wey ie ; Slugsing and Robbing Him, hoped there would be another big road race weirs. | cee Mgale, polaron ae Re ces _ -
Rosalaky's order, 1 will not comply on the Savannah course this year, which | Omaha, Cheyenne, Salt Lake City, Ogden. Baron Dillon, 2:12, Killed,

John H. McKey, 4 street car motorman,

er City to Portiand,

_ the newspaper men and then demanded lusae @ |
1. = of the Metropolitan's counsel that he pro- these wore, tha ting ‘ahead of time nd h
. vin tyforence tot rb ans FoR| sR. Tobtasn tee setattonts wilbo tne |
’ RESISTS “ROSALKY, J.'S” OR- |, [0 reference to the campaign contribu- | BRIARCLIFF RACE CAR: HH, Jobnapn, the referee, it w °
c ; HE RESISTS *ROSAL AY, J.'S On tion gharge against George W. Perkins JAMAL TIME TRIALS poasible to eckde the winners until to-mor-
gg DER AND IT'S WITHDRAWN. | and the mach srijicieed hypothetical ques. AICA TH * fi"
Fi | om submitted by Mr. Jerome to Judge —-_- , "
f ‘ees Vi : ; Except for a Jackson car hitting an old man
‘ O'Sullivan, the District Attorney said fe .}and the Cadillac running into @ crowd at
a Charges Conspiracy and Falsehood to Rain | had conferred with Judge O'Sullivan before am Be wormage see tee a. Reading, resulting in the arrest and deten-
His Reputation and Miegal Possession | he submitted the question and he under- a ee ed eet ona P oon thon 0 the drivers, there were no carious
; i i Olan ca o ra nterruptions, Another Jackson car bro
of Grand Jury Minutee—Repeats That | stood then that the Judge considered Is 6 . eee ne te aero dciubia ana | Comes to you fresh and foaming
the Seabury Proceeding Was Indecent. | @ s00d idea, Mr. Jerome said he believe American Drivers—Kndurance Run Ends | (0) | £ ;
, as car became disabled at Middletown h k h all the laugh-
Mr. Perkins to be an upright and honorable and did not arrive until late to-night. The from the cask wit ce laug
District Attorney Jerome refused yes- | man and had agoepted his statement whioh A. R. Pardington, chairman of the contest | piorce-Arrow had @ perfect goore until Co- ter of the hop pickers and sun-
terday to comply with Judge Rosalaky's | “ere borne out in detail by the affidavits | committee of the Long Island Automobile | jumbia was reached, when a clutch broke and PP
Py 7 ¥ le with the Clerk of two other reputable men, Darwin P. | Club, who ls helping arrange the details forthe | put it out of the race. shine of the hop fields—a happy
f, order directing him to file with the Clerk | Kingsley and E. D. Randolph, both of the | straightaway time trials at Jamaica, L. I., b It is probable that some of the cars will |
of the Court of General Sessions the min- | New York Life, He didn’t personally know | in connection with the subway celebration | have to returm fo Philadelphia and come | joyful beverage—Sherwood For-
: utes pf the Grand Jury of last November | Mr. Perkins and he bad absolutely no in- | on June 5, said yesterday that there would “This wae éne of the men aiisesstel runs | est days back again |
5 ; before which Thomas F. Ryan and H. H roreat in ae a ned, benee dang hia be twenty-seven events on the programme. in my experience, ° said Referee Johnson :
Vreeland testified in regard to Metropolitan | (9 & Way in which he Teit / The contesting care will be divided into nine | ‘o-night. On Tap at Clabs, D VY W T de VY C ?
Street Railway affaine. Mr. Jerome de et a ine ret ide will be | classes, according to the schedule arranged | intervals of about & minute the cars came m | Cafes Restaurants, and Chop Houses o You Want to ira our Uar
y clared before Commissioner Hand in the | heard further to-day. for by the A. A. A, racing board, with a free | as follows: New York City Depot, 86th st, and 12th av, ‘
y § King committee proceedings that he would | = It is understood that the Grand Jury min- for all aad an event for steam care, and in each Car, Entrant. Driver. Seals WE WANT A DOZEN GOOD SECOND HAND
j P) take hia chances on going to jail rather than | utes will show that Mr. Jerome made — as will A trials at one kilometer, one Pullman.,,........B.G, irvin., E. G, Irvin et ee ae ate T CARS, and we shall, for ten , en Ma 14, !
Ee ved had bitter remarks to Thomas F. Ryan and other | ™ile and two tniles, Pullman... fer’ rvin. Robt. Morton GOLF. EX EVAL OR
; obey an order which he believed had no | traction officials who ap before him, Although the entry blanks have not been pumes... tetera a3 rpepeer.. mes Grecpace quote you SO HIGH AN
= warrant in law _ | but itdg denied that there is, as Mr. Pierce | issued, Fred J, Wagner, who has been &p- | Pullman... 0.0: ocklin, . C. ©. Cocktin | Miss Mix Wins Bogey Competition at | YOUR PRESENT SECOND HAND CAR THAT
is The upshot of the District Attorney's | has hedrd any conflict between the teati- | pointed assistant secretary of the race com- | Stoddard-Dayton.A. J, Hamilton... Robert Shirk Balt 1 T AFFORD TO KEEP: IT ANY
; refusal was that Judge Roealsky issued | mony of Mr. yan and others before that | mittee, has already received many asssur- pesaas... tee Foy See. 8 §: Gum : altasrer, YOU CANNO
a new order conforming to the views of | Grand Jury and before the recent Grand | dices that entries will be made as quickly as | Apperson...... ..0.J, $walu......C. J. Swain eRe one Eee LONGER; especially when you can obtain a mag-
a the District Attorney, and now Mr, Jerome fairy ee igus ot he coud’ le ow vork oy eto Mexwell. "John Sellere John Sellers were there for the first one day tournament of nificent Matheson, the very finest of all motor cars,
will file a copy of the minutes, the time trials very attractive to local auto- | Mitchel. 2°) W.M Crem. We Me” Grant’ | the season open to the Women’s Metropolitan for so small a cash dfference.
In addition to the Rosalaky incident, Mr. NEW ICE GRAND JURY CHARGED, | mobiliste and tradesmen and a tremendous pease. ‘oS Phorley,.......C. 0, Crispen | Golf Association, and the occasion was marked
Pe eaten To 2 er oenschn uana ace | Meehan A Ayah! Fc Mbae | compete pao th prosranm conse |
to Justice Seabury for hie conduct of the ' ; cars represented in the Briarcliff trophy con- | Pennsylvania. RH ACroninger, R. H. Crontnger
Metropolitan jury fixing investigation, re- | Justice Gof Nays Nothing About lee tothe | 107 i. Westchester county are assured as | White, WO Waine” WG Whites” | of an eighteen hole handicap against bogey,
iterating that the whole proceeding in his | Jurors. entries for the Jamaica event. “me ; And the winner proved to be Miss Julia R
opinion waa the most indecent exhibition | The Attorney-General’s second special | Plans are being made to secure the use of | | The sight of a woman at the wheel of a gaso- | Mix of Englewood. The latter received a
i he McMurtry electrical timing apparatus, | 76 ar is no longer a rarity on the good roads | handicap of one stroke and finished 4 down.
; he had ever seen in a court of law in this Grand Jury to investigate the ice trust the urtry g app ' | atound thie city, and in fact it excites far less | Mra. N. Pendleton Rogera of the home club
a city began its work yesterday. James W. | With ite electric tapes at the two mile, one | comment than & woman did @ couple of years | yt cond prize Anishing 7 down. Her
: Incidentally Mr. Jerome brought out Osborne, Mr, Jackson's special deputy, | a oo arate wee a Seay We lias teotton thie Lava uote | allowance was two strokes
¢ the fact that Lawyer Franklin Pierce of | Produced several documents and then the | jean of Hillside avenue, @ bit longer than conescorarss Sumber af women roe, have pe. | The best medal scores of the day were made TOURABOUT, Seats four, Rear seata Removable, $5,000.
the King committee has in his possession Grand Jury adjourned until to-day. | three miles and aixty feet wide, will be used | ability to brav y rey ‘ie ot York's | by Mise Mix and Mrs. Kogers, both returnin Kakish Steering Post.
, S ; ’ } ’ ; ; y to brave the hazards of New Yorks! 94 The former won the North and South
4 extracta from the minutes of the recent In charging the Grand Jury Justice Goff | for the trials. ‘In the two mile trials the cars | streets this spring, and Mre. Cuneo won re- women’s championship title at Pinehurst last
i ; ie char by driving her White steamer in the} , B
4 Grand Jury which investigated ice under | Made no mention of ive. His charge was | will have three-fifths of a mile to get up speed 1903 Oli det tour andher Kainier inthe same | Nivter, Mise Georgianna Bishop of Brook-
jeneral Jackson’s deputy, Jamea | Merely a statement of the duties of Grand | before their flying start, and the same dis- | event jase year while Mrs wok Vanderbilt lawn, the M, G. A. champion, competed yes-
Attorney-General Jackson's deputy, Jam tance to atop in after crossing the finishing | Jr. w fi re 1 a Valand | terday from scratch and finished 12 down, A
Jurors, ; 9 r., Was @ familiar figure on the Long Island | rather diMoult women's bogey of 46 had been
|
|

ETE ARTES ee eas

Y

“se

 

with the order of any court that directs
the filing of original minutes until the
Appellate Division has instructed me to
do go. I don't want to seem disrespectftl
of Otto Ragalaky, J., but if Otto Rosalsky,
J,, willalter the order as | have suggested
I will be glad to comply with it.”

Mr. Pierce finished his side of the case
vesterday and Mr. Jerome entered upon
his defence, Mr. Pierce abandoned the
twenty-second charge, which relates to Mr
Jerome's campaign contribution and his
relations with Howard S. Gans, who is now
practising law, but who while an assietant
under Mr. Jerome received many cam-
paign contributions

f think that is a very good idea,” said
the Commissioner. “As I have said before
I don't think that charge involves any
charge at all.”

Mr. Jerome called Lawyer Pierce himeelf
as hia firat witness. This was one of the
first questions fired at Pierce

“Did you assert at one time that you
wished to succeed me as District Attorney?”

“I did not; L assure you | couldn't succeed
you if I would,” was Lawyer Pierce's reply.

“I feel so assured,” remarked Mr. Jerome.
He made the witness admit, in reference to
the charge that Mr. Jerome's assistant
who handled the ice case had relatives in
the ice business, that the information had
come from James W. Osborne. Mr. Smyth
was the assistant referred to. *

Q. Did Mr. Osborne tell you that Judge
Rosalaky had given him the information?
A. I don’t remember

Q. Have you a memorandum of the minutes
of the 1908 Grand Jury which investigated
ice? A. Yea.

Q. Who gave it to you? A

I found it on

living at $60 Weat Fifty-first street, preferred
charges of assault and grand larceny against
Policeman Griffin Baisley of the West Thir-
tieth street station in the Jefferson Market
court yesterday morning. MoKey alleged
that Baisley while in full uniform on Friday
night knocked him down in the street and
robbed him of a ring, etickpin, a watch
and $240.50 in cash.

MoKey told Magistrate Steinert that with
his roommate, Ernest Adams, he left a
saloon at Thirty-fourth etreet and Seventh
avenue about 100’clock Friday night. They
had gone only half a blook or @o, he eaid,
when be noticed a patrolman, whom he later
identified in a station house lineup as Bais-
ley, and another, whom he identified as
Patrolman Ratahan, following them. Bais-
ley, he said, picked a quarrel with them and
hit Adams across the shoulders with a club.
The blow felled MoKey also. MoKey said
that Baisley then dropped upon him while
he lay half conscious and robbed him.
When he recovered consciousness he was
in the Tenderloin police station oharged
with intoxication.

Adams was also positive about Baisley,
but said he had not seen Ratahan with him,
Ratahan proved that he had been on reserve
duty in the West Thirtieth street station on
the night in question. Baisley declared
that he was at bis home, 616 East Sixteenth

‘
oi Miagistrate Steinert held Baisley in $2,000
bail and adjourned the case until to-mor-
row morning to give him a chance to get
witnesses.

 

 

appears to be at present only a last resort
for a Vanderbilt cup circuit, as there would
be plenty of chanoe beforehand to practise
on the course with the car he would drive
in the race. Oldfield regretted that con-
ditions for preliminary practice Were not

better on the Westohester county course | Denver in two weeks ae year in a 4 horee-

before the Briarcliff race, as he is a great
believer In a great deal of training work to
fit both oar and driver for a long, hard con-
test.

The track chAmplon declared that he be-
lieved the European drivers always hed a
very great advantage over American drivers
when it came to a big road race, because
they would have driven their racing cars at
speed for many thousands of miles before
they had to compete in a conteat with them.
He called attention to the fact that moet of
the drivers who are to pilot cars in the Grand
Prix of the Automobile Club of France on
duly 8 have had their racing cars or fast
runabouts op the Dieppe circuit for several
months, and for this reason, Oldfield said,
as a patriotic American, that he hoped Strang
and the Thomas, with which he will repre-
sent America in the big French race, would |
be able to begin practice on the course before
very long.

With true Yankee optimism Oldfield de- ,
olares that the European drivers are not
intrinsically better than Americans, nor are |

their oars faster, as Joe Tracy proved by |
making the fastest lap in the last Vanderbilt
cup race with the Locomobile, but the for-
eigners do better simply because they have
more chance to become accustomed to the
care they are to drive.

Hawnissvero, Pa, May 6.—Nineteon of |

 

| needed for the road

| patched up roadway

Boise and B

This will be the longest and hardest trip
ever undertaken by women motorists, thoug
& number of transcontinental wire have
been made by Tom Fetch rerey, N egaruel
and other male automobillsts. Mrs, Teape,
who {s now {in New York making arrange-
ments for the trip, drove from Chicago to

power Waltham buckboar

Gov. Fort of New Jersey has become an
automobilist. The motorists of the State
will doubsleas hope that the Governor's
experience with the rural justices and con-
stables in their enforcement of the Freling-
huysen law and amendments will make bhirn
realize the injustice and oppreasiveness of
the measure.

Asa Paine, chairman of the good roads com-
mittee of the Minneapolis Automobile (lub,
and his associates have recently bewun a cam-
paign for improved highw age in the neighbor-

ood of their city. Mr. Paine recent y in-
vited d. W. Williams, chairman of the board
of County Commissioners: William Knight,
chairman of the Road and Bridge Committee
A.J, Smith, County Commissioner, and Frank
Haycock, county surveyor, to accompany
him on an inapection trip of the roads leadins
to Lake Minnetonka. ‘The party found that
the Excelsior road to the lake was in fairly
good condition in moat place®, but nearly
impassable through several atretéhes, ‘Ihe
commissioners declared they would give im-
mediate attention to the repairs that are
and that work will be
started at once, The commissioners ex-
pressed the opinion that it is better tg build
short stretches of good road than to Lave 4
of several miles in
ength and are planning the highway im-
provement along these lines. The Minne-
apolis Automobile Club has asked all motor-
iste of that city to report all bad stretches and
dangerous pipers on any of the roads in the
vicinity of Minneapolis

 

LEXINGTON, May 5.-DBaron Dillon, 2:12,
by Baron Wilkes, 2:18—Mattie Nutwood,
by Nutwood, owned by J. G, Wells of Jersey
City, while being exercised at the Allendale
Fartn of J. L. Tariton here to-day fell, break-
ing both forelegs, and had to be destroyed
He was a good racehorse and sire

AUTOMOBILES.

PREP PPI IPI

NNSYLVANI

 

TOURING CAR
ROADSTER or SEMI*RACER

65 Miles an Hour Guaranteed

A regular stock car made the fastest mile
at Savannah—5| seconds fiat. A marvel of
Speed and Power
ment. See it Double ignition Kosch
hetos $200 extra

DEMONSTRATIONS ANY

Pennsylvania Selling Agency,
1858 Broadway -at Gist St.
(Tel, 6665 Columbus)

Shaft drive

Full equip
lag:

TIME,

 

TOURING CAR, Seats Seven.

GUARANTY : oor Sniy

free of charge for one full year.

 

Two Side Seats Removable, $5,800,

Every Matheson is guaranteed for 365 days. We
lace the parts, but also do the work |

(Notice that most other cars are guaran-

teed for sixty to ninety days only, and you have to pay besides for

the work done from time to time.)

A. G. Southworth Co., Inc., 1733 Broadway, New York City.

 

 
   

LEGITIMATELY
HIGH-PRICED

No one can afford to purchase a motor car which in one or two years is
scheduled to wear out, or is so lacking in up-to-date features, in design

my desk in my office e ,

Q. Who secured the copy? A. I can't or construction as to demand an early exchange for something more de-
say that. [only know who was inetrumental ver een ecelve sirable. A car of this character is never cheap.
= re © @. LOZIER MOTOR CARS have anticipated the trend in automobile im-

Q. Who was that? A. A Mr. De Witt, an
eniployee in Mr. Shearn's office
Mr. Pierce objected to further questions

FRST_ QUALITY 1808, TRES

provement by several years, and owners of 1905, 1906 and 1907 models
still find little reason for exchanging them. I

¢ In the important matters of motor design, length of wheel base, diameter of

along this line.

“I want to prove,” said Mr. Jerome with
a good deal of warmth, ‘that these people
have conspired and lied to ruin my repu-
tion. 1 want to prove that they went to
the brother of a convicted murdefer and
‘tried to get a contribution from him to ruin
my reputation—solicited money from this

wheels, type of transmission, style of bearings, etc., THE LOZIER MOTOR
CAR of even three years ago is still very much up-to-date, and every LO-
ZIER CAR ever built is still doing good, active, satisfactory service.

The purchaser of a 1908 45 H, P, SHAFT-DRIVE LOZIER MOTOR
CAR will have no occasion to change his car for five years to come, No i '
other car has so fully anticipated possible improvements—no other car

~ By the Cook?

Many men have, and many women have deceived themselves

Guaranteed Tubes, 1908 Stock,

2623, 83.86; a5, $3.62, xd, 3.755
S2a8 9, 83.04) Sind, BGO.T5) Sindy, RI.80;
8434, first quality GUARANTEED Shoes, $20.
FULLY guaranteed 1006 stock; ‘Tires, al] makes,
AT FYE-OPENING PRICES! Call or write size
wanted; will quote you
COMPLETE Automobile Supplies Catalogue mailed

  

   
 

PS,

  

      
    
  
  
   
  
  
   
      
  
   
    

“Ie the good faith of the committee of
the slightest consequence?” asked Com-
miesioner Hand.

Mr. Piéroe refused te give up the memo-
randum which he had and the Commiasioner
refused to instruct him.

“Of course,” said Mr. Jerome, “I can get
all this by summoning De Witt before tne
Grand Jury. There evidently been a
gross violation of statute in getting these
a bus I'd pre not to do this as
jong as these proceedings are in progress.”

Mr. Pierce explained that De Witt had
gone to Mr. Osborne's office with the sten-
a her while Mr. Osborne was away.

r. Pierce had heard that Mr. Osborne
upon his return had thrown bis office boys
half way across the room when he learned
that they had permitted strangers to enter
theroom and look at the minutes. Mr,
Jerome wanted to know if Mr. Pierce had
sent his stenographer with De Witt with
the intention of getting a transcript of
per of the minutes. Mr. Pierce said he

adn't; the stenographer was to get what
Mr. De Witt intended she should have.

“Well,” said the District Attorney, “did
expect she would have access to the

p} man e

b } ad the ‘ait, "The comaliien tenis sting 7 E. J. WILLIS 00... ® PARK PLACE, embodies so completely that high-class character of workmanship and
i in good faith. I want to prove they have My me Se! 3 doors from B'way material which insures enduring qualities.

bs not acted in good faith.” . ’ / FIVE ; P
; When Cook sends in a weak, tasteless cup of drivel to fill @. | s. word, THE LOZJER FORTY-FIVE hes appronimeted Reaity i

high-grade motor car design and construction, INK IT OVER.

tod Second. tard. Auto. BARGAINS || Ho IMMEDIATE DELIVERY IN ALL 1908 MODELS

and Second-hand Auto- oy »
EVES

mobiles in the World” NOW MA x E
AUTOMOBILES

1699-1601 B'WAY Send for

Complete List

MOTOR CAR

DIRECTORY

ACME Tth ave, Oath a tele ie ervan,
AM.LOCO, MOTOR CAR
AUTOGAR “i Phone veh itl”
BABCOCK » was cor. atin St. Phone S205 Bryans

your order for Postum you have a right to protest loud and hard.

She has ignored the directions on the pkg. and boiled it only
a minute or two.

PU Le eR mS Cs TT Broadway. WY.

 

Demarid that it be boiled full 15 minutes after boiling com-
mences, then you will have a breakfast drink with the dark, deep
seal brown color, which turns to a rich, golden brown when the

cream is added.

 

(license “ Berliet") 1893

Bway, Tel, 8900 Col

    
   
   

Autocar Sales Co,, B'way & 80th St.
Phone 4028 River,

oa ‘You are invited to inspect the new “40”
Locomobile Runabout which has just been

received. We think it the best roadster ever

 

ELEOTRICS. Baker Motor Vehicle Co.
af N.Y y

+ 1700 B'way, Tel, 2880 Col

GEO, J, GROSSMAN,

eee Boiling brings out not only the,color and full food value of! capiiae a.2,°@5). made. Seats four persons and carries them
the question was immaterial and irrelevant. CLEMENT-BAYARD 5 APPERSON 7

“Well, 1 offer it then as affecting your
credibility, do you object to that?” asked
Mr. Jerome.

“I do,” said Mr. Pierce.

“Then,” said Mr. Jerome, “I offer it as

Postum, but a flavour similar to the soft blends of Old Gov't Java
impeaching your character as a lawyer coffee. Then you have f ‘
and as tending to show that 4 crime

been committed, do you still object?” ‘

“You heard my objection,” snapped Mr. nal

Pierce; and the Commissioner sustained
Mr. Jerome char that Mr. Pierce

f rich and right. HEART RIGHT
f ?
Shout, if the/ cook don’t treat you well!

in comfort. Demonstration by appointment.

SIDNEY H, BOWMAN AUTO CO.
New York

1886 BROADWAY (634 St.)
Phone 6908 Columbas.

225-281 West 40th St..
aan
DEMAREST A. T, & Co, MPORTED, cans.
ELMORE
FIAT 244-800 We aeth h Prnae Site Bryant,
FRAYER-MILLER (Mote Mars. 2c481 and
GAR FORD “qtort Mover car co. ots

HAYNES ns Bredeer beat Columbus, .

HOL-TAN THE HOL-TAN COMPANY,
244-250 W. 49th St, Phone 2406 Bryant,
ITALA ITALA [MPORT 0v.,
41 W, S5th St., & 895 Sth Av
G, J. Scott Motor Oo,,

JACKSON & GLIDE

 

 

A. Elliot Hanney Co,, Bway at

Mist St. N.Y. Phone 38 Col

. 1908 Models $2,900 up

Locomobile Co. of America

Broadway and 76th St,

A1 AUTOS—AWFUL PRICES)

At Manhattan riences Automobile betab-
s ent
COMPLETE Automobile F

knew that Louis E. eo Rees “crook,”
but that he had never! used as
his chief witness in the proseoution of his
Metropolitan jury fixing in the
present proceedings. At this + who
was in the room, arose to remark to the
newepaper men that if. Jerome would
repeat that outside he would make him
prove it.

Mr. Jerome himself took the witness
etand and testified for more than an hour in
his own defence. His testimony was largely
a reiteration of his formal answer to the
charges

Mr. Jerome said he told Justice Sea-
bury in the presence of Assistant Setrios

  

 

 

|
actory_ under one roof, |
Mechanical, Painting, ‘I'rimming, Forging by very |
best experta |

Hotchkiss Runabout, $1,400; Mercedes Runabout,

$1,900, Panhard, $1,000; Peerless, $750-81,000; Piercea, |
$050, $1,250, $1,500, $1,800, $2,200; White Steamer, |
£00; Maxwells, $850 $430; Packards (runabouts or |
touring), $1,200; “14-20" Kenauit Runabout, gem, |

1720 By, Tel, 4421 Col,

REPUBLIC TIRES

 

LOZIER srasctas LIES We"RE Ble ow

MOR: Mi
MO RA Broadway ee street “Tel, 9829 Col,

it Makes a Great Difference.

 
 
 
 

  

 

Attorney Kresel that Stanley ‘gz ha eon,
“ Nationals, to $1, » Li 7
vit, which he had About two years ago | became alarmed to er ean te aoe Vee ampert ons y no

  

gone beck of the affi

made in the Metropolitan jury husband hed attacks from | MATIONAL wordy & SCHULZ 00,

    
 
 
  

w6 "35" Locomobile, $000; Mitchell, $550; Royal

because m 1
Tourist, $1,100, and 200 other very unusual oppor:

a : .
There are tires and tires;

   

Many dn ache and ail can be traced

veetigation.. Justice Seabury was fainting spells caused by weak heart, from | meee | T
onthe mas eee pe hackivone of drinking coffee. MATHESON a POPE-HARTFOAD, Ai A1 Good Cars Demonstrations cheerfully given.
investigation whic 8 “At first he did not like Postum. I hed WAVERLEY ELECTRICS.

   

    
 

A. G, SOUTHWORTH ©0.,, INC.

City Court and he has » Mr not then learned to boll it long ae direc- BODIES, RUNABOUTS, TOURING, | get a tire; the Republic.

 

 

 

directly to coffee drinking, and one can be

         
 
  
 
  
   
  

jerome roduced Ba je cours without tions say, to get the rich flavour and | cee eee ————_rnone 0 Columbus, | ALL styles, closed, etc,, new oF second hand
tting him’ ( ge know t «i a . . I ’ ; er F Sim , and P bard. sunted “t sed, etc. new o ) and, |
‘ g _ brown color, UINBY J M. & 60. jex and Peubard. | mounted on chassis and painted to sult
Ease, bag olor ep eee, tem | well again by leaving it off and USING Weim vvvatter it was made right, he tiked it, é Sa ees Wik SELL AT SIIGHE ADVANCES |
RAINIER wien eton Ch BROADWAY MAMMOTH AUTOMOBILE |

 
 

up
denied the conten his affidavits the and now for more than a year he has not

   
     
 

  

A USED RAINIER CAR

i . -_ EXCHAN
"ihn Raton Sealer vatided* wa | Made Postum. Trial proves! been troubled with his heart—in tact, his | RAMBLER “OMAN & soul co, | __ 280 to 248 Went 80th near Boudway, Rapaits ctw Congity of How Voss
- ut In perfect order at

general health is better than for years,”

‘There's a Reason.” aga West 8th Stree,

‘ustioe Seabury .
Jerome, “that I didn’t tell (eee SeenTEEESaneNenenensEDEnpnteomenneeep anne eee
Mr a! him of ; e; REMAULT RENAULT FRERES, Bway & s7tn 9t. | the Rainler facory and sold by the company re-

   
    
   

    
 
  

 

a

fee by tes

   
  

OO., B’way & 63 St.
+ 218 C AY,
1s ae.

  

HARRY OU oo n ,
Te. Gol. Ne yr are at simile TE
' | | sti pr dewoastreica Prise

‘i Pestum See Tenthesuaiechtd

nt he was in P. Lacroix, Gen, M T ,
Sei tee, In one’ R ie Ca ee eat aes Ute | em PREMIBEE® Gaba eae | Rene ean Soe lee Pa lh
the Séabury and ihe | eres a eason Ville,” in pkgs. een neet Hin St. Phone 2440 Co!. | models, in Touring Cate, Nunaboute and Pimou-
charaoter of Julian, ROVAL TOURIST ©,4, Puer 8.00, 2100 | Site inodele will be sold for exactly whet eatin
Sue dees whet he ® publi ie . ey. Tel. 1670 Hiver._ | them to be, and gusrantes {ren of tepals ten ipaptod
in those ote ee

 

si

ee x ad

that
had been

«