es

aie

=

Su

ee ED

 

 

WEDNESDAY, MAY 6, 1008.

eg

 

Entered at the Post OMce at New York as Second
Class Mall Matter

 

Sabecriptions by Mail, Postpaid.
Alive, Per Month
DAI, Per Vear
AUNUAY, Per Year
DAILY AND SUNDAYS, Per Year
DAILY AND SUNDAYS, Per Month ° 70
Postage to foreign countries added

 

 

Pobtished by the Sua Printing and Publishing
\seociation at 170 Nassau street, in the Borough of
Manhattan, New York, Prealdent and Treasurer
of the Association, Willian M. Ladan, 170 Nassau

street; Secretary of the Association, Franklin
Hartlett, & Nassau street
The daily and Sunday SUN is on sote iu London

ot Murray's Maxchange, Trafalgar Buildings, North
vmberland avenue; Pall Math American aud Co
lontal Fachange, Carlton street, Kegent atreet, aud
faw's Steamahip \gency, 17 Green street, Leicester
Sqiiare

ParisoMce, 2 Rue Loulsle Grand. The dally and
Sunday editlons are on sale at Kiosque 12, near the
Grand Hotel Kiosque 77, boulevard dea Capuclaes,
corner Place de ! Opéra, and Klosaue iy, Howley ard
des ltalleas, corner Rue Louis le Gratd

lf our frienda wha favor us with monuarripts for

publication icith to hue rejected articles returned they

Mus! (mall coger se

ni stamps for that purpose

—_——_

 

Let ua alone!
Lol va have reat, sunshine and moreor lera
silence!

Mr. Fowler of New Jersey,

Yesterday Tite SUN attributed to the}
Thon, CHAnLES N. Fowner, chairmen of
the House Committee on Banking and
Curreney, the statement that the present |
condition of the United States Treasury |
is such that it has “already suspended |
gold payments,”

So startling is this announcement ia
its nakedness, so dangerous is the phrase
in its possibilities concerning the national |
credit at home Ynd abroad, we scarcely |
wonder that the fidelity of our report of |
Mr. Fowser's language should be ques-
tioned, It is questioned, moreover,
solely on the strength of the intrinsic
improbability that a legishitor holding
Mr. Fowter's post of high responsibil
ity with régard to the nation’s financial
system should talk so loosely

Page 5,638 of the Congressional Record, |
in the number for April 20, contains this |
paragraph of a speech delivered a week
ago to-day by Chairman FowLer:

On the 27th day of April, 1907 gen
Hlemen-—-on the 27th day of April, 1907, the free gold
nthe Treasury Was $145,007.00), and to day there are

mark thts

fifteen millions of gold bullion and coin and twent

four millions of gold certificates, a difference ot | the same disorder, if

avout $10,000,000 allogeter, tary nuer already sus-
pended gold poyments; and Il one of you gentlemen
desire to go doWnstalra and (raw your aalary, you
will probably Aud they

tifeates or United States notes

WH give you «ilver cer

THE SUN printed yesterday the «imple
explanation of circumstances which Mr.
FOWLER turned to rhetovical account in
this portentoua fashion. We wish we
could acquit: the honorable gentleman
of conspicuous indiseretion

Mocking Bird Ethics,

That sardonic plagiarist of the feathery
tribe, the mocking bird, has never been
summoned to the bar of justice for the |
7 °*n imitations of his brethren’s song,
Whatever may be the opinion held in
nestland of his performances, he pursues
unhampered his lyric way, chirping, |
trilling, warbling; anon parodying the
ery of a cat or the whining of a dog.
Ruder atill, he can simulate for you the |
weeping of infants in distress so well |
that the anxious mother hastens to the
eradle, Is his intent sinister, or is he
merely mischievous? We are not adepts
in the psychology of woodland flyers,
Yet we may fairly call the mocking bird
a nature faker

But transform this wee creature into

 

7a human biped; put clothes on him, and

in his breast ambition; let his hand hold
a paint brush, and with his soul of a
mocking bird he will at once set to echo-
ing the ideas of other men; in a word,
to repainting their pictures. Now, imi-
tation, our copybooks tell us, is the
sincerest forin of flattery; nevertheless,
obstinate artists and picture dealers
refiise to see the situation in that light.
Human mocking birds are called by
short, ugly words, and the aid of the law
is invoked. What a to-do about a matter
of instinct! Can the

“|
|

notion with the creator. A

 

where that in 1840 Droas “set up his
| easel in the Louvre and spent a year
copying Pousstn's ‘Rape of the Sabines,’
The copy is aa fine as the original.” We
are inclined, without having seen it, to
'think it better than the original, as
| DROAS is KO much more original an artist
than Poussin. He didn't sign his name,
however, and that proves him te be only
an amateur mocking bird, for your true
mocking bird signs mame, even goen sO
far en to imitate a frame,

The tempest in a paint tube which
raged in thia town a few days ago shows
no sign of being allayed. Some one,
soine exceptionally clever chap of the
veritabte mocking bird Myeage, has been,
so it is alleged, turning out such perfect
imitations of the works of HOMBR MARTIN,
WYANT, FULLER, INNES, BLAKBLOCK and
Francis MtURpHY that experts were
fooled into calling them genuine, We
learn with Rorrow that some critical repu-
tations, not professional, went by the
board, Swans turned into geese, withal,
golden geese, Whether or not these al-
legations of fraud are true we cannot say,
The copying practice is as old as the hills,
It is a beloved institution, It represents
the seamy side of art. Kurope, as well
as America, is flooded with false Bar-
bizons, while the pictures of the Ime.
pressionists, of MANPT, Monet, VPIs-
SAKRO, are also the target of the Mont-
martre forging mills, Whoever he is,
he has our curiosity roused, the man
who reproduces the brushwork and sen-
timent of HOMER MARTIN and the others
That he permits himself to indulge in
such a reprehensible habit for the suke
of pelf we cannot believe, He must feel
the call of the mocking bird so strongly
within his breast that he rushes forth
and Copier, coples, copies, until the lust
of the eve becomes eold and hia brush
falls from his hand

\ newspaper man onde upon a time
in New York permitted, for a space of
yeurs, another man to sign his work
and take Whatever credit was due the
real wricer, Was this done for money?
No. It was, so the eccentric scribe as-
serted, pursued for the practibe involved.
Such devotion to art for art we have
never before encountered, Possibly the
mocking bird mixed up in the recent
scandal imitated other men’s work for
the sake of the schooling. These ques-
tions may be threshed out in the law
courts, and we await with interest the
decision Of course, the dealer who
sells the canvases of the mocking bird
painter cannot claim immunity for his
actions on the score of suffering from
disorder it is.
His psychology is not at all complicated.
Another point: What becomes of the
bogus pictures? Counterfeits though
they may be, they deceived a number
of men whose eyes and judgments are
trained, If these pictures gave so much
pleasure, have they no intrinsic artistie
value now that they are shorn of names?
Kemember GorTHR, who wrote: “Is it
the author or the work that we admire
or censure?” This question seems to
lift the mocking bird into the same
pleasing
notion for hard working artists. And
can a picture be forged so as to deceive
every one’ Hewho steals ideas steals
trash; ideas are in the air for every one

» seize. He who steals a style steals
the vital thing. Can a copyist steal
another's style? We doubt it. But it is a
wise critic Who makes no attributions

The Willlams Filibuster,

Hiow long, we wonder, will his Demo-
cratic following put up with the filibus-
tering tactics of the Hon, JOHN SHAKP
WILLIAMS? He is delaying Republican
legislation though not obstructing it, and
that is all-but for one very important
thing

The fact is that a great many of JOHN
SHARP'S contingent have little bills of
their own upon the passage of which
their small destinies depend, and these
ure imperilled, if not actually doomed, as
things now stand. They are of no seri-
ous importance, a8 a rule, except to the
individual Congressmen concerned, and
it has been the habit of the Republican
managers to let them pass, The attitude
of the minority under Mr. WiILLIAMs's
directorate, however, has congealed Re-
publican amiability, and such members
as the Hon, BUCEPHALUS Brown of Frog

mocking bird, | Level, urging an appropriation of $250

whose senseritin is so responsive that it | for the improvement of Possum Fork,

at once imitates anything from «a hawk

of such a delicate
machinery ?

piece of automatic
It seems to

to a handsaw, fight against the working and impenetrable inertia.
|

us that

the :--whether Mr, WitLIAMS can

are in a fair way of encountering a stolid
Under the
mildly, of course
hold his

circustances we wonder

question involved in the case of the bird | followers together much longer and, so

is one of acoustics rather than ethics,
HELMHOLTZ, not the civil code, should be

to speak, in an effective bunch,
The trath is that the Demoerats in

the authority consulted. | Congress have little heart for Mr. Wits-

A human mocking bird is quite another |
case, may be argued. Free wi!l, not deter.
minism —as our metaphysical friendasay
then comes into play, The judgment is
atwork., ‘The man who willingly and not
in a somnabulistic or hypnotized condi. |

tion makes a copy of another's work, let | law.

it be paint or marble, words or tones,
is fit for treasons, spoile, stratagems.
That's what the law declares, But sup.
pose he is, like the mocking bird, the
victim of irrepressible instinct. Suppose
that he can no more help forging the
name of another painter than the dipso-
maniac can retuse the fatal glass, We
once heard of a Judge, well known,
many years ago in Pennsylvania, who
every spring disappeared from his home,
his haunts, his seat on the bench. He
went to Philadelphia incognito—that is,
he didn't shave for a day or so—and
repairing to a secret and midnight hos-
tlery he ate oatmeal! for a week, gorged
oatmeal, finally became deadly ill from
oatmeal, There were no eye strain
theorists in those simple and scrapple
days, else the Judge—a worthy and an
erudite man~—would have been penned
forever behind the paragraphs of some
pyschobiologist as a supteme example
of oatmeal monomania. As it was the
affair, known to a few, was a joke.

Vet the learned jurist was not to blame.
When the fatal spell carne upon him his
thoughts turned to oatmeal as the
thoughts of a young nan in springtide
turn to the pictured goat, the chosen
symbol of thirst. How then dare we so
coolly condemn a painter seized by the
furor of imitation? And when he dupli-
cates a masterpiece should not the world
of art be thrown into an ecstasy of ad-
miration! CGRoRGe Moorr relater some-

IAMS’S game. His object is obvious
enough. He wants toe convince the
country that most of Mr. Rooseveutr's
policies are borrowed from the Democ-

racy and that he is trying to force the |

Republicans to refuse to enact them into
He seeks an academic demonstra-
tion, though of course without hope of
success, and to this end he is holding the
minority together and blocking as far as
he can really necessary legislation, while
at the same time he destroys the pron-
pect of innumerable Democratic private
bills. He doean't destroy this legisla-
tion, he simply postpones it, but at the
same time the hopes of the little fellows
are slowly fading and discontent is in-
creasing in a corresponding ratio. It is
not important, for the Republicans can
adjust. the rules to the situation if need
be and proceed as if nothing had hap-
pened; but what meanwhile will be the
fate of the ruck of Democrats and what
will become of their “little bills” if this
thing goes on much longer? For how many
days, then, can Mr. WILLIAMS hold his
following together upon such terms?

For the time being he enjoys himself
in the way that most appeals tohim, He
wins that thoughtless laughter which is as
ointment to his soul, but meanwhile his
tributary Demoerats contemplate aswiftly
vanishing prospect of their personal
aspirations and face a return to stony
and disappointed constituencies. The
session cannot last much longer, Within
a few weeks at the utmost the House
Committee on Rules will have to get
together and provide an effectual remedy
for the Williams filibuster. Everybody
wants to get away and be done with it,

j and when that time comes the solution

will be found. Congress will complete

 

such work as is necessary or under
existing circumstances desirable, and the
unfortunate gentlemen who have fol-
lowed Mr. Wituiams in his amusing
enterprise will find themselves left for
consolation to a recollection of their un-
profitable loyalty.

Meanwhile Mr, Wituiams himself
doesn't care three siraws, He las been
elected to the Senate and will sit in at
the proper time, The troubles of the
average Southern Congressman are as
nothing in bis sight. Why should they
not be so?

Pennsylvania Steadfast for knoy,

State pride may partially explain the
vitality of Senator KNOXx's candidacy in
Pennsylvania, ‘Twice he has been in-
dorsed for President by State conven-
tions, and his support is so steadfast
that coe murat look deeper than State
pride to account for the genuine belief
in his availability and to understand
why faith in his star ia constant

‘To those who have Mr.
KNOX'S career in the Senate and studied
his public addresses he is seen to be a
rational and consistent defender of the
Constitution who believes that all legit-
imate reforms can be realized with-
out straining constitutional interpreta-
tion. He has never hesitated to point
out the limitations which the organic
law imposes, Senator KNOX has con-
victions about the need of regulation
and restraint, but he is opposed to
measures that would confiscate and de-
stroy; he respects rights of property
as they have always existed under the
Constitution, and he bas never lost
faith in the integrity of the Supreme
Court. He believes that the balance can
be held true between State rights and the
Federal Constitution, and that it isn’t
necessary to invade the one or override
the other in the name of reform, Thus
Senator KNOX is neither a radicul ior a
reactionary; at the same time he is @ re-
former, but always within the law,

Mr, KNox is probably the only critic
of the President and dissenter from bis
methods who enjoys his approval. When
the Attorney-General resigned from the
Cabinet to represent Pennsylvania in
the Senate Mr. Rooseve_’ wrote him a
letter of regret and congratulation in
which he said:

observed

“To your high professional qualifications sou
have added unflagging zeal and an entire indiffer-
ence to every consideration save the honor and in
terest uf the people atlarge, Many great and able
men have preceded sou in the office you hold, but
there Is none among them whose administration has
left so deep a mark for good upon the country ¢

development

The explanation of the vitality. and
hope of Senator KNOX's candidacy in

ally, teneramentally and by virtue of |

his record as Attorney-General and Sen-
ator he is eminently fit to be President,
and his position with regard to the rad-
calism of Mr. KoOSEVELT recommends
him in Pennsylvania opinion as a candi-
date upon whom judicious Republicans
could unite,

Will the Macedonlan Question He

Settled at Last’
We have before us the text of the Mus-

sian proposals concerning Macedonia and |
of the reply made thereto by Sir EpWarp |

Grey, the British Secretary for Foreign
Affairs. ‘These documents are of great
importance, for they indicate that at last
4 here is some prospect of the Macedonian

Christians receiving effective protection |

from outrage and of the maintenance of
tranquillity and order in the three prov-
inces of which that region ix composed.
The Russian memorandum begins by
concurring in principle with the sugges-
tions originally submitted by Sir EDWARD
Grey to the great Powers. It even be-
stows perfunctory approval on the ap-
| pointment of a Governor-General for
Macedonia who should be responsible to
the great Christian Powers, but goes
on to say that the Russian Government
is forced to recognize that such an inno-
vation has no chance of being adopted
unanimously by the Powers or of being
) accepted by the Sultan. It puts forward
lan alternative, namely, the retention of
the present Inspector-General, HiLar
Pasha, whom the Sultan has lately re-
appointed for a term of vears, and the
creation of more favorable conditions
for the performance of the duties at pres-
ent devolving on the Inspector-General
| of the three villavets To that end Mr.
| IsvoLSKY, the Russian Minister for For-
j eign Affairs, proposes that the Inspector-
General should have a seat on the Finan-

| cial Commission, though without a vote, |

and that all the members of that body
should have the same rights as are now
enjoyed by. the Russian and Austro-Hun-
garian civil agents, It is further sug-
j mosted that wider powers than it now
| possesses should be delegated to the com-
mission and that it should draw up fresh
regulations for the gendarmerie suited
to the new conditions, On the other
| hand Mr. Isvousky is unwilling to de-

mand the reduction of the Turkish troops
stationed in the three Macedonian proy-

'
|
}
'
i

inces, because he feels that this would be
an interference with the Sultan's inde-
pendence, It is pointed out too that in
case these troops are not reduced it would
be needless to raise the question of a
collective guarantee by the great Powers
of the preservation of peace in Mace-
donia.

Inmreply Sir EDWARD GREY accepts the
proposal that the Inspector-General en-
trusted with the work of reorganization
should have the right to assist at the de-
liberations of the Financial Commission
whenever that body should be engaged
upon matters relating to the Administra-
tion. The British Foreign Office goes on
to say that it has no objection to the
retention of HitMi Pasha, whom it has
found a capable and honest official, in
the office of Inspecfor-General, A con-
viction is expressed, however, that the

| measure of his executive authority and
| control should be clearly defined; that he
| should have the power to approve the

budget for Macedonia without refer- |

ence to the Porte; that a certain num-
ber of mobile troops should be placed
at his disposal for dealing independently
of the Porte with the predatory bands;
that appointments and dismissals of
ofticials should be left solely in his hands
on the recommendation of the Financial
Commission, and that no instructions to
his subordinate officials should be given

Pennsylvania is clear enough: intellectu- |

 

except from him. As for the reduction

of the Turkish troops, the British Foreign |

{
| Office would not insist on it provided the
Macedonian budget, which has at pres-
ent a deficit of $1,500,000, due chiefly to
enormous military expenditure, can be
relieved in any other way, One way
| suggested is that the Inspector-General
{ and the Financial Commission should
| be empowered to retain auch proportion
|
|

of the receipts of the three provinces ||

as should be deemed nece@sary for civil
needs, aud that they should then hand
over what was left for military purposes
, tothe Porte, Finally Sir Eowakb GREY
assures the Kussian Minister for Foreign
Affairs that the British Government has
ho wish to impair the dignity or curtail
the right of the Sultan to provide for the
tnilitary necessities of hia dotinions,
but he holds that a continuance of the
present condition of affairs would be not
only a menace to peace but destructive
of the credit of the Ottoman Eimpire.
| Now that Russia and Great Britain have
| reached what may be called aubstantially
an agreement, and since those two Pow-
‘ers are certain to obtain the concurrence
| of France and Italy, there is reason to
; believe that Germany and Austria-Hun-
| gary will not show themselves recalei-
trant and that there is now a fair chance
of solving the Macedonian problem

ee

 

Albert Stickney's Portralt) of the
President,

‘The late ALBERT STICKNRY Was one
of the closest students of events and one
of the most accurate observers of men;
and at the same time a fearless reporter
of his conclusions, It is worth record-
ing that four years ago, before Mr.
ROOSEVELT'S first election and second
inauguration as President, Mr. STICK-
NEY wrote thus concerning him:

He las displayed on many occasions 4 fatal
propensity ty rush into measures of lawlessness and
Thus far, no doubt, bis demonstrations
of force against foreign nations have been against
nations which were weak and unable to offer sert
ous resistance, Indeed, one of the worst features
of Mr. Kooseve.t's public acts bas been this pro-
peusity to attack the Weak, Hut we cannot assume
that a man of his temper and tendencies will at all
Umes seek an antagonist who is Inferior to us In
Sooner or later, with a man like Mr. Rooms-
YRLT for President, we shall find ourselves con-
fronted by an enemy who will have both the power
and the will to make 4 serious contest and cause an
We can

power

appalling expenditure of life and money
not expect always to meet non reststants,

“Mr. Roosevert ts essentially a cowboy. Ills
temper, bis training and bis methods are essen
tially those of a cowboy, He has a fatal tendency
to the needless use of force, of a policy of blow and
His conduct ts not that of a wise, dlacreet,

seif contained man. In his hands the chief com-
| mand of the ariny and the navy of the United States

|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
| violence,
|
|
|
|
|
|
|

bluster

is tu hands extremely dangerous.”

Again, also four years ago:

CHROVORR HOOREVELT, 50 far a® concelns bis
public acts, has gone mad, He has lost bis senses
his sense of the obligation of law, his sense of the
responsibilities whieh attach to the possession of
In hits estimation his will Is law, the
He has lost sight of all
He Is possessed with
a4 mania for wor aud nolse. His uncontrolied and
incontrollable Impulses are to the use of force and

great power

|
|
|
embodiment of right
ordinary moral standards
|

violence

“THRODOK® HOORRVELT Is the Inost dangerous
man that has held high office in any elvillzed nation,
| so far es my reading goes, at any time aince the
fortnation of our national Government.”

Of the honesty of the mordant that
etched these lines there can be no doubt,
STICKNEY Would not consciously have
done injustice even to a man he instine-
tively distrusted. How far will the
truth of his judgment of Mr. RooseveLT
| be admitted, and how far disputed, by
| those who are best qualified to revise the
foregoing remarkable opinions; and how
far will that opinion coincide with the
final words which history shall write’

 

His Excellency Wu TING-FANG, or, a8
America first learned to love him, Mr. Wv,
having slipped from the water wagon, if
current history be uot distorted, is greatly
joyed to find that he landed queue side up
with care in a garden patch, The W, ¢,
T. U's lose is the vegetarians’ gain,
| What is most winsome about these suc-
| cessive seasons of grace in the case of
Mr. We is that they are tributes to the
ae powers of American women,

 

“Being greatly troubled with sciatica,”
explains the extinguished brand from the
burning, "| read a book on vegetarianism
which an Ameriean lady wrote and sent to
me.” Whereupon he gave o'er capon and
sack and relentlessly ordered one-half
| pennywerth of bread. Now the paine of
sciatica will reconcile the sufferer to almoat
j any other kind, even those inflicted by a
j book on its prevention and cure; ao thus
| far we follow Mr. Wy with an ardent trust
} that he is not joking.
Where we halt, at least falter in faith,
| is at the point where Mr. We relates how
| the nail of his conversion was clinched on
the other side, his story of an early Chinese
vegetarian who lived 500 years. We hope
this ie true, that no nature faker lived in
those days, that the years of strict vege-
tariana may all be numbered thus, We
hope that when the spell of Fletcheriam
is added to the charm the regimen may
reward all faithful practitioners with a
thousand years of happy life. Yet, without
wishing to create a strain in international
relations, we cannot refrain from recording
li belief prevalent in some well informed
; quarters that Mr. Wr ia an irrepressible
and incorrigible Oriental cutup.
| It is unfortunate that some purists ob-
' ject to the use of the word “nuance” in
writings about music, because the writers
will undoubtedly continue to use it. It is
confessedly a makeshift, but that is the
estate of most of the cant of musical ariti-
1 ae The English language, as well as
others, wants words to express definitely
} certain recognizable but almost intangible
) traits of music, The word “shading” does
not exactly mean “nuance,” as musicians
understand these terms. Light and shade
in music are held to signify dynamic
gradations, whereas “nuance” embraces
these and also those significant modifica-
tions of tone quality which give “color” to
vocal performance, HE&LMHOLT#, a man of
| science, vainly strove to define character-
liatio quality of tone by the expression
| Klang/arbe “tone color"~which is, in-
| deed, a strange figure of speech. But
| writere on music instantly adopted it and
have ching to it for the excellent reason
that it means less and is therefore more
| definite than our vague “quality of tone.”
For a like reason the Germans have built
Nuancirung out of the French nuance
because they have no word of their own
to express just that trait of musical per-
| formance. It is hardly worth while to
object to “nuance” as a musical term, for
the good reason that the vocabulary of the
art is almost all as loose and figurative as
this. It is a jumble of languages and

\

jae

| tropes, and to reduce It to pure and adho-
lastic English would be an as
the profes-

difficult as the regulation of
sional jargon of a forecaatle.

 

A curious Sénator has elicited from Mr.
! Bona of Idaho the opinion that from ten
to fifteen soldiers of the Twenty-fifth Infan-
try were concerned in the Brownsville affray
| and that thirty more knew all about It.
Great is the pity that Mr. Roossysur could
not have sent Mr. Bonan down to Browns-
ville to inveatigate in place of Mivrow D.
Puxpy; the mystery might have been
| cleared up, the guilty punished, the acoom-
| plices after the fact dismissed from the
army and the innocent allowed to remain
in it,

 

ee

 

If Harvard should defeat Yale at football It could

| not caune mere surprise than.if Yale sbquid defeat
Harvard In 8 Joint emelt i then Ele again lost

veated itaelf in ney

ft the twentleth annual debate wilh ve Sfimson.

New Haven Journal and Courier

| We fear that the intellectual triumph of

Harvard was lost on the undergraduate
j body at New Haven; and we hazard the
opinion that the undergraduate body at
| Cambeldge would exchange twenty such
victories for one winning touchdown
| againat Yale.

Let Us Alone!"

To ye Koon or Tar Sux—Sirs ‘The
niost hopeful sign of an improvement soon to
come in the condition of business {s the for-

} mation of the National Prosperity Association
of St. Louis with ite platform, “Give us a rest
| and sunshine.”

Numerous organizations throughout the
| country have taken up the matter and already
the outlook is brighter.

All thinking men agree that the (wo aréat-
est curser in this country are the politicians
and the yellow journals, and any association
formed to combat the harm they have done
and are doing can but result in good for the
country,

The moat artful politician of all, whoin
every one will recognize without my naming
him, has without intending to do #0 done more
harm to legitimate business by hie reckless,
thoughtless methods than all other agencies

combined, 6.c. W.
New Yorg, May 4 ~

 

The Governor Crittclsed by One of His
Friends.

To vHe Epitok or THR BUN—Sir; AB &
supporter of Governor Hughes, will you permit
me to criticise him mildly through your
columns?

First, | am confident that general public
sentiment is against hia unprecedented action
as a Governor in going about the State mak-
ing speeches in his own defence and elec-
tioneering in favor of his own ideas, He has
a perfect right to entertain his own ideas,
but by what right shall he assert that he is
infallible and his opponents fallible? He
seems to hold to the idea that the king cannot
err. Hut right or wrong, i# not his proper
place in the executive chamber rather than
going hither and thither about the country,
to the neglec! of executive duty aud just now
to some 800 thirty day bills In which many
people are interested, in the common guise of
a stump speaker’

Secoudly, in hie apparent desire to gain
control of semi-public corporations through
his Public Service Commission the Governor
seems to supplement the purpose of the
President to discourage the organization of
such corporations, since their entire manage-
ment by directors would not be assured.
Capitalists will not invest their money where
they cannot control it, where the navional or
State Government may exercise whime as
to how the business shall be conducted, It
is true that up to this time the Public Service
Couimiasion in this State has shown little but
incompetency in the character of ia tnakeup,
and vet the Governor desirgs to invest it with
mnore and greater powers, which being granted
would endanger the public welfare through
distrust of its ability and doubtfulness of its
action.

We should all entertain great respect for
the Governor and for hie opinions, and we
must likewise concede that there are Senators
who sometimes disagree with his ideas who
are his peers tn intelligence and much better
versed in the affaira of state. The veto power
ix very properly conferred upon the Governor,
and by it he may express opinions, and in
tnessawes set forth his wishes and desires; but
it would seem that he was not further called
upon to make efforts (o supersede the author-
ity of the legislative branch of the Govern-
ment. Indeed, in the earlier part of his term
the Governor so expressed himeelf, but he
} seems to have forgotten if KePIURLICAN

Synacuer, May 4,

British Disaster ia India Seen Through 0 Glass
' Darkly.

To THE Korror oF THB SUN—Sir; Thongh it is
not the sphere of a Swaml to talk on politica, but
to stand by and wateh the fools cut each other's
throats for worldly goods, | must say a few words
at this moment, as the war cloud is again threaten-
ing the eastern sky.

Whether through the rivalry of the Hritieh and
Japanese merchants or through the secret uuder-
standing between the Russian and Japanese Gov-
ernments to divide India and Manchuria between
themselves, Magland finds herself morally teolated
by her ally In the Far Kast. Rusela will surely take
advantage of this situation and will Invade Indla
in spite of her so-called treaty with Pingland, as she
knows by now (after the war with Japan) that
England is her real enemy.

Indla at present is infested with revolutioniets,
They would be glad to welcome anybody, And if
England loses India she would lose all her com-
merce in the East. Germany would benefit by this
struggle, and who can predict what would happen
to England? Perhaps half of her population will
have to leave home and go somewhere else for a
living, The cotton Industry of this country would
suffer immensely. Many a millionaire would be
bankrupt, Such is the game of chess,

\rLaNtic Cry, May 4. Rasa Swauer,

‘Lat Us Alonet"’

Nag’! Dag! nag!

WII we never be let alone’
And nag! nag! nag!

Till we can't call our souls our owa!
It's Ob! for a needed rest,

In quiet to be at ease!
It's Oh! to be rid of My Policies’ peat,

And to do again as we please.

 

 

 

Nag! nag! nag!
While business is on the bum’

~ nag! nag! nag!
messages atlll to come’
Scold and censure and blame’

Blame and censure and scold!
TUl every one ts sick of the game,
And longs for the peace of old!

O men who love your peace!
O men who from quarrels shrink’
Do not you Wish that his tongue would cease
And give you a chance to think?
Nag! nag! nag
And each must add to bis brood
From year to year, with never a fea:
As to whether they may have food’ \

Nag! nag! nag!
Till investors in fear must pause!
And nag! nag! pag!
Until no one is sure of the Jaws’
It Is nag! nag! nag!
Till the people are worried to death
With that querulous voice in its strenuous pion,
Upbraiding the poor and denouncing the rich!
Ob! when will he run out of breath?

nn a

Tirep,

“Ctve Us a Rest aad Sunchine.”
Weary are we of moonshine
Flooding the country through,
Charges devoid of substance,
Vaporings strange and new;
Weary ate we of turmoil,
Fighting and heat and row
Give us a reat and sunshine,
That Is our slogan now.

 

Weary ate we of limelight
Centred on one alone,
Shedows upon the country,
Calctum on him thrown
Weary are we of jawings,¢
Messages, speeches, too
Give us @ rest and sunlight,
‘That ts our slogan new.

McLarvsvren Wosen,

Geese eee ome ee

%

   

a —————E—E

NEW WAR MATERIAL.

When smokeless powder was introduced
it was found not only that it was nearly smoke-
lesa but aleo that it gave higher muzzle ve-
locities with lower maximum pressures in (he
bore. This could result only from @ greater
pressure on the bullet while in the bore and
& more gradual burning of the powder. The
diameter of the bore could be reduced and
yet the bullet at the fighting ranges would
have energy enough to kill a man; iudeed,
the range was greatly increased. More-
over, the great velooity made the trajectory
of the bullet very flat, so that when the sight
is once set for any particular range it will
require no change for a considerable dis-
tance short of that range or over it, because
it will stilt kill a man advancing or retiring,
since it will change in height very little.

The reduction in calibre, of course, enabled
the soldier to carry more rounds of armmunl-
tiou, which became more and more desirable
as the rapidity of fire (by improving the fire-
armé) Increased,

Now the tendency has been for some years
to diminish the calibre for this very reason,
but as the diameter gets {eas the bullet natur-
ally gete Nghter, and a light bullet does not
carry its energy so well to the longer ranges
as @ heavier one, Consequently the small
calibre bullet is not so effectfve at the longer
ranges as @ heavier bullet, and its trajectory
is more curved at these ranges. although
flatter at the nearer ranges,

This became especially noticeable in the
latest form of pointed bullet, which is so
splendidly adapted to overcome the resistance
of the air by its extremely pointed shape
Another trouble in still further reducing the
calibre was the increased maximum pressure
in the bore due to the extremely small area
of cross section of the bullet for the powder
garen to act on.

A new bullet and musket invented by Herr
Puff, a gunsmith and imnechanical engineer of
Spandau, give a greater velocity and flatter
trajectory with less recoil than any weapon
and ammunition now used, The principle
on which the invention is based is this: that
the bullet while in the bore shall have as
great a cross section area as possible in order
to enable it to receive the greatest possible
amoiwnt of the pressure or energy of the
powder gases, and at the same time shall take
another form on passing through the bore
and on leaving the muzzle, xo that while in
the alr it will have as small an area of cross
section as possible,

This is accomplished in a very simple way
by merely giving the present pointed bullet
@ little longer cylindrical part and bulging
out @ ring around ita circumference very
much like the so-called band (for taking the
rifling) in an artillery projectile. This ring
stands oul only about one millimeter in height
above the reat of the bullet, but this is enough
to give the base of the latter an area of cross
section 20 per cent, greater than it has now,
so that the pressure of the powder gases on
it is increased by that amount, This, then,
accomplishes the first part of the vbject to
be attained. ;

To effect the second part the bore of the
present rousket has to be slightly changed.
At and near the muzzle it remains the same,
but at the breech block the depth of the
grooves of the rifling is increased (the ai-
ameter between grooves is about that of the
band of the bullet), gradually becoming less
toward the muzzle, near which the rifling is
the same as that of the present musket,

The bullet thus becomes gradually smaller
in area of cross section as it moves through
the bore. This gradual change, in spite of the
greater total pressure on the bullet, greatly
reduces the shock of recoil, or what soldiers
commonly call the “kick” of the musket,
which ip this new arm is really quite small

On leaving the bore the bullet lus there-
fore the same diameter as the present bullet
and ia consequently no more retarded by
the air, The result ie a considerably greater
muzzle velocity and # lower maaiimum pres
sure in the chamber or bore

The tmaterial has been tested in Russia
and in Germany snd has been approved by
the highest authorities. General Kohne and
Colonel Heydenreich, two of Germany's most
noted ballisticians, have spoken very highly
of this advance in the mechanics of small
arms, Oneof them remarks that the inventor
must now go one step further and invent
a bullet which will expand again on striking
its target tn order to increase the so-called
stopping power of small calibre bullets,
acouracy of fire is apparently about the same
we that of the present pointed bullet. Its
perforating power, due to its increased ve-
locity, ia, however, much greater, and a very
important point is that it will perforate the
present armor shield of fleld gins at a range
of over 218 yards, whereas the preseut bullet
ean hardly perforate it as close at 164 yurds,

ihe great advantages of the new material
may therefore be summed up as follows
Greater muzzle velocity and less maximum
pressure in the bore: greater perforating
power; a flatter trajectory, especially at the
longer ranges; less energy of recoil

4 heavier bullet of the same oalibre as the
present may consequently be used with ad-
Vautage: or the calibre of the present bullet
may be reduced with advantage: or, finally,
a more energetic powder can be used with-
out exceeding the allowable presstre in the
bore of the gun,

Not only is this new material a great step
in advance but it is also a great improve-
ment taward the future of the infantry mus-
ket, whether that is to be an automatic or
repeating rifle, the type France is energeti-
cally perfecting at the present time, or a
musket of reduced calibre, the line along
which Italy and several other nations are
now working.

A travelling kitchen capable of furnishing
troops even on the firing line with hot meals
is also attracting the attention of military
men. The kitchen wagous are drawn by
horses and accompany the troops on the
march, but more than that, in the trenches
before the enemy the horses are unhitched
and the wagons can be moved about by the
men to give those in the trenches a hot meal
at any time.

Think of our soldiers in the civil war lying
for days in the trenches before Vicksburg or
Petersburg and snatching an occasional meal
of hardtack and bacon, or our men at San-
tiago with little or nothing but what they
carried with them on their backs, being served
a hot meal of soup or stew while the action
was in progress, And yet that is exactly
what happened in Manchuria on both sides
and will happen again in the next war

Portable fleld kitchens are being tried in all

 

sn net ei cc eee neces ecient eee enna aeaaaa ma mtatammaiiatamas
ee

‘the European armies, and some model will
‘ undoubtedly be used in the next war.
{ The Russians used two different ty pes in the

| late war, one four wheeled, for the infantry
and artillery, the model of Colonel Bogajew-
aki, capabie of holding 900 rations; the other
two wheeled, for the cavalry, the model of
Brun-Zalenski, capable of holding 170 rations,

During the campaign, however, the four
wheeled type proved too heavy, often requir-
ing six horses and more on bad roads; conge-

| quently the two wheeled type was most gen-
erally used even by the infantry. In Rusia,
therefore, the two wheeled wagon is being

t introduced generally, one for each squadron
of cavalry and battery of field artillery, two
for each company of infantry--one for meat,
the other for grits, &c.

These wagons contain merely a lurge kettle,
double walled, the furnace, for wood or coal,
below, The flame and hot air play in the
apace between the walls, the products of oom-
bustion escaping by @ low sheet iron pipe in
front. The kettle has @ tight cover with a
safety valve in its top. There is a faucet in
the rear (o let out the contents of the kettle,
and also one through the bottom for cleaning.
The packing about the kettle is a poor con-
ductor of heat, so that the contents can be
kept hot @ long time.

The Japanese used in the fleld a sheet iron
stove capable of being taken apart, similar
to the American model, For their transporta-
tion ten animals to the battalion were allowed,
Each company had one. Each cavalry squad.
ron and battery had a cooking apparatus and
two horses to carry it, But of course with
thie equipment they could not cook on the
march as the Russian#did,

In Germany the Russian wagons have been

| used since 1902, but only experimentally,
{ They were tried in the Harz and in the Giant

Mountains, and recently they have been used
in the annual manceuvres. 4.
Meanwhile the German War D ment
has offered three prizes of 5,000, 5,00 2,000
marke respectively for the beste ble

The |

   

  

field kitchens fulfilling the conditions of
lightness, durability, capable of following
the troops even in diMoult country, draw,
by one horse, capacity of kettle 160 liters
and arranged to carry also the driver's pack
of thirty-three pounds and the oats for the
horse, forty pounds, The portable kitchens
of this kind add but little to the length of the
wagon train and are considered to condyes
immensely to the comfort of the troops

In France the Russian wagons aro aise
being teated, Besides, a wagon made by
French firm, resembling en artillery \imber
in appearance, capacity 300 litera of soup
or coffee, has been tested

In Switzerland a cooking apparatis {p.
vented by Colonel Ringler and mace by the
aluminum works of Gonterschwil is aed,
It can cook for a whole platoon in half ay
hour and the contents of the kettle can be
kept hot for fifteen hours. The kettle fille
with the seup and meat ration weighs only
270 pounds,

In Austria at least eleven fleld kitchens
were tried in the manq@uvres last year They
proved particularly useful in the bhiehty.
fourth infantry regiment in ite mancnuvres
over the Jablinka Pasa, The portable few
kitchen was able to keep up with tlie troops
at all times,

The field aptillery has everywhere been
striving to find a projectile which shal! con.
bine the good qualities of both #hell and
shrapnel, so that a single kind of projectile
will suffice under all conditions, The Phrhard
Gun Company of Dasseldorf has such a pro.
jectile which is rapidly gaining in tavor,
It can be fired (to get the range) as 4 abel),
and it gives an excellent cloud of smoke on
bursting which can readily be recognized jn
position as either in front of or in rear of
the target; again, it can be flred a8 slirapne!
with excellent hitting or destructive power
againet a line of skirmishers or agains( earth.
works and other resisting objects

The destructive range of fleld artillery hus
been considerably increased of jate years

The last German field service regulations

atate that the effective action against closed

companies or squadrons has been extended

from 3,000 metera to 4,000 meters for fel
artillery and from 6,000 to 7,000 for Lhe hea

| fleld pieces or artillery of position. 1)
armament of nearly all the principal arinies
with the modern fleld artillery material tis
been practically completed, so that al! are
nearly on a par as regards material alone

All German fleld artillery and other carriages
| painted service color
'

have recently been

greenish gray.

 

ROUGH NEW YORK POLICEMEN,

The Best Paid and Ruadest Force ti the
World, Says a Returned American.

To THR Epiron or THe Sunmsirs lhe

experience of Mr, Nahan Franko on Satur

is another of a very large

‘day afternoon
| series which General Bingham will find
' hard to explain on the grounds of insufficien:
|} appropriations. for the police force, Nev
| York policemen are the best paid and tie
most unnecessarily rude and violent of a
) in the workl, I return here after an absence
tof several years and find them just as grut
and disobliging as they ever were
Nowhere but in Switzerland is this att-
tude even approached by the officers of the
law, Out of about ten occasions® on which
[ haye recently sought information fro:
some policeman [ have had a civil answ:
only once. The proportion of civil anawers
one receives in Germany, France or Englani!
| is about Ww per cent
While watching the parade on Saturd:
[ saw a@ policeman stationed on the east sii+
of Fifth avenue at Nineteenth street |
his bands on two women, quite unwarran':-
‘bly, and push them through the crowd vie
_ tently as if they were malefactors. [It loo\«
i almost as if these overpaid blackguards we!
, cone an opportunity or the slightest excuse
ty abuse and manhandle civilians,
| Meanwhile the Magistrates sit on the ben:
| and seldom does one read of ay impertinens
patrolinan being rebuked. But) then the
May.strates appear to be recruited large!
from the same class as the policemen, Citi
i vens who have committed slitht breaches of
( police regulations, instead of being courte
| ously cautioned are roughly abused. If thes
{
|
|
{

 

resent the jmpudence they are arrested,
often being treated with quite unjustifiable
vidlene* r.8
New Youn, May 5

—

 

 

A Call for a Salt Sea Wave Oyster.

TO THK Korton or TRE SUN- Sire “T am not
mad,” but soon shall be if this oyster discusalon
does not cease. That In this twentleth century
there should be men capable of debating the method
of frying oysters and that the public press should
give roum to thelr lucubrations Is a proof of thr
degeneracy of our boasted civilization, As well
discuss the best method of robbing a church o
setiiog fire to a crowded schoolhouse. To coo!
an oyster isa crime which only a bromide could
connive at,

But there is a deeper iufamy. | refer to the
method now prevalent of perverting the livin,
oyster by the “fattening” process, and improving
hia external beauty at the expense of his flavor,
I do not know on what variety of ensllage the New
York oyster Is fed, 1 do know, from bitter experi
ence, that the resulting product tastes like stale
cucumber. Cannot a league of oyster lovers be
organized to do away with the stall fed mollusk’

And can any one tell me where in New York, or
even in Brooklyn, | can eat real oysters, Ive, salty
ones, With the taste of the sea waves and the per-
fume of the sea Wind, the kind that you—but then,
no one can G. BE. Kise

New YORK, May 4,

 

 

Advice to “Fifty-six” tn Retirement.

To THE Pprror or Tar SUN—s¥r; In Tae St#
of May 2"Fifty-six" asks if he dare quit work, tie
financial necessity for dally labor being absent.
In regard to this a learned doctor recently wrote;
“Don't retire from business unless you have a
hobby to retire on, as well as a competency.”
Charlies |amb's essay “The Superannuated Man"
bears on this subject.

it would seem that “Fifty-six” should only he
concerned about the disposal of those hours given
to business; the rest ofthe day he oan pass as bere-
tofore. ‘Nell, he can sleep longer in the morning,
take more time at his meals, read the newspaper
(not swallow the headlines). He can do things
lelsurely now; can spend more time outdoors, He
can take more Interest In politics (the finest game
in the world as one grows older). Other Interests
will spring up. It will be odd at fret, but th
strangeness will pass. 6.

Oawnao, N. Y., May 4.

 

Ingenuous Call for an Unpublished Letter.

To tHe Epiror or THe Sun—Str; Asad ardent
admirer of Governor Hughes I should iike to ask
you why publicity was not given to bis letter or
telegram of congratulation to Archbishop Farley
on the oceaston of the recent festivities in connec
ton with the Catholic centennial.

I notice that great space Was devoted to the fact
that President Roosevelt had not only written «
letter but also telegraphed his felicitgtions, and
that Secretary of War Taft was also early on hand
with a bid for the Cathonc yote, Of course Catho
lies have long recognized President Roosevelt’
broadmindedneas, while Mr. Taft through his
diplomacy in dealing with the vexed Philippine
question won the admiration of Roman Catholics
in this country and elsewhere,

As an admirer of Governor Hughes and one who
hopes to see him tn the White House neat March
T am satisfied that his message of congratulation
was overlooked, ¥

New York, May 5.

 

Debt of the Catholic Church to Its Women,
To THE EpITOR OF THR SUN—Sir; We are sev
eral Catholic women who ask If any recognition of
the indispensable work done by Catholic women
was given in the recent celebration by the Catholic
hierarchy of the diocese of New York, If suct
recognition was made it has not been reported in
the papers. Without the work of women in the
last 100 years few Catholic churches in New York
would be open or even built, fewer still successful
We resent having the idea impressed on our chii-
dren that the work of their mothers in the churca
isinsigaificant. S#YERAL CATHOLIC MOTHERS,

Uttoa, N. ¥., May 4

 

A Dream of Washington Square.

To THR Eprron OF TAR SUN-4«Sir; Last night I
dreamed that 1 Was walking down the lower part
of Fifth avenue, and in my dream | saw distinctly
a grand equestrian statue of George Wasbington
standing on the Washington Arch and towering
above the green trees of the park. It certalaly was
an inspiring sight. WHI this dream ever be rea!
ized, or ts ts fulfilment fombidden by the laws of
architecture abd good tasie! NOT AN ARTIET,

New YORK, May 5.

 

Poetic Fancy.
As the bottles strew the orcan,
Stretching ott from clime to clime,
We may say they,are quite truty
Footprints oo the ses ef time

eee

¢