'

ET —-———4

BELLBVILLE'S ALL EXCITED

LILRYBODY JOYOUS BUT THE
STATION AGENT,

 

 

 

ite Can't See the Old Home Week Doings
trom His Office Windew ‘Cause an
trle Box Car Shuts Of His View—Un-
certainties of a Gubernatorial Visit.

| here's been a good deal of rivalry that
| , ht be sald to verge very close to abso-
vo jealousy in Belleville, N. J., lately as
| » who would be up earliest yesterday
orning to inaugurate the beginning of
tolleville'’s old home week by hanging
out the first American flag from the front
s oop. Doe Cyphere was said by many
have swung a flag from his atoop in
\ \\ashington avenue before sun up, and
hen thia news got around it may have had
something to do with the fact that there
ere no flags floating from business houses
( Bol) Lapots, ice oream, cigars and mos-
ito netting; Otto Grover, groceries,
cata and mosquito netting; Brand Smith,
\ «and ateam fitting and fly traps, or Bill
\\.rz, door, window and moaquito frames.
Doc Cyphers, who caused the jealousy, is
ihe way a physician, and he pays close
jrention to mosquito and snake bites.
Hit the minute you got off the train
Belleville (which ia juat beyond Newark)
} saw at once that there was a flag on
'\ talleat clothespole in the backyard of
J\e’a Café at the corner of Cleveland and
\shington avenues, You'd never think,

b{the way, that Cleveland avenue can | There was a time when such a one would |

rtrapidly up hill, would you? Well, it
~i| can; and naturally it's even wider
‘h4 Washington avenue, counting
uxfows on the north side of it,
kt speaking about the Old Home Week
celvation: To get a notion of the genera
inf feativity all over town it need only
* putioned that the big rooster dusting
s\pensively out in front of Jake's was
"combed white rocsater that looked
4 In faet the national colors were
a;jved in two oy three places about
‘| Furthermore, it was siid toward
evetpe that Gov, Fort might come to
Helldille last night to open the festival
sits speech.
ith Belleville, however, THe Sun re-
port? didn't care to wait very late to ase
s'efer the Governor came. At this time
of ating this newspaper has spent more
‘iaigighty eente in long distance telephone
‘ldo find out from the desk of the Belle-
iq police station whether the Governor
acome or not, So far all that can be
seamed from Chief of Po-leece Michael
Ivan ia that the other policeman hasn't
t back from Hillside Park as yet, but
a expected every minute, and that if THK
UN will call up the police station any time
9 o'clock Wednestay morning the
ooief will be glad to give Tae Sun all the
formation about the Governor that he
ean
It may be possible to Jearn about the
Governor before this account of the first
ay of old home week is finished unlesa,

ftey

+t course, the Belleville telephone — '
ild

wes for the night earlier than one wot
inpose, While waiting for something
» definite froin Chief of Po-leece Flynn,
wever, there are many other things about

colebration that might be dwelt upon.
Station Agent Frank Donlan of the Erie
wppo of Belleville said that so far as he
ull gather there were to be no especial
hippenings to mark old home week that
worth talking about, But John
Curnosky, the well known ice wagon driver
of Bolleville, explained in an aside when
he station agent went to his telegraph
the 5.15 Erie

“ument to report that
«0 had just passed safely at 5.46 that the
ation agent had a grouch because the

re hos backed an empty freight car on
ile spur of track running behind the station,
aii so was sore on the whole featival week
‘le empty freight car is right in front of
ie rear window of Station Agent Donlan’s
office and shuts off his view of Washington
avenue and the flag on the clothes pole
ia the back yard of Jake's saloon up the
hill at the corner.

The station agent has been counting on
watching from that window any parade
that might march up Washington avenue,
but with the empty freight car in the way
ve can't get a glimpse of anything. Before
the car was backed into its present stag-
nant position Station Agent Donlan could
see a part of Washington avenue and the
tacade of the store of R. Walsh & Co.,
dealers in ice cream, candy and rat traps,
chich is almost opposite Jake's café. The
eason one can see all the way out into
Vashington avenue and even across to
Valsh's is that the real estate sign next
) Jake's café has been blown down, and
he firat of the row of real estate signs that
ae standing is probably twenty-five feet
i rther on Sonn the avenue-—say twenty-
veht feet at the outaide
’ 't ha@ just been learned, by the way,

frm Chief of Po-leeoe Flynn over the lon
dwance telephone since the last paragraph
vu written that so far the other police-
ma hasn’: shown up, but that it's almost a
certainty that the Governor will come. The
«loon ascension has been made from Hill-
<4 Park, however, because the Chief
s4% he has just come over from Otto Ciro-
c& store, where he went for a paper of
neut, he says, and that Otto told him
athe could see from his front door the
‘allan going up in the dark with fire-
works all around it sizzing and popping
ke ll outdoors. The name of the other
jioman is Zebulon Kheinmeyer, and
ie (Yief will get the name of the aeronaut

som as Policeman Rheinmeyer gets back | and even some

m he park,
Red white and blue rosettes decorated
‘se lvidles of Undertaker Caldwell's high
eppbg pair of blacks all day yesterday
od Hid 8, Stone of Long Island City has
» OW Home Week souvenir badge privi-
ege. Arthur Murphy, the armless and
evless wonder, known in the profession as
‘he Irkh Klondyker, is playing a week's en-
igevpnt in town and is hoping for the
est when things brighten up. It is said
‘ha’ George Batty, dealer in hardware,
broomt and fly sereens, is goirig to set off
$15 woth of fireworks in front of his Wash-
ngton avenue store on Thursday evening,
nd sone of theschoo! teachers in the public
school ave taliing of getting up a fan drill
non ¥. children. ;
Chief Tlynn has just informed Tar Sun
*porter.over the telephone, by the way,
a! Polbemay Rheinmeyer has Just come
mid yey that he couldn't get up to
li '\side fark owing to a previous engage-
it that he hears the Governor is
‘ at any moment From other
~irces ¢ has been learned that the name
* weronaut is canna Mack, but that
oc did not make the ascension per-
“ally owing to illness, An assistant was
” ystead whose name could not be
warne |
\itso,allin all, Bellevile’s first Old Home
e gan yesterday very quepiciousiy,
'd woull have started on Monday only
t folkethought it best not to do anythin
"| the day of the Governor's arrival.
i the filke all say that the enthusiasm
\excitefent will not know a let up from
unit) bath night, when the celebra-
‘'{l come to a close.

\pertead

'
\

 

 

tlome Treatment of Tuberculosis.

Young Folks League for the Home

} cinent @ Tuberculosis, an organiza-
of young men and women which has

won doing seial work on the upper West

fe and in Harlem, has arranged to dis-

i eggs und milk among tuberculosis

Jevers who are too poor to buy proper

od for themselves, Distribution — will

de after investigation by the hospitals.
“nue D. Matthews is president of the
i and Paudne 1, Shenberg is the sec-

ary

qoomceee> «

, Pati Court fov the Hotel Plaza.

Plans have been filed for remodelling

lower open court on the first story of

the Hotel Plaza, overlooking Central Park,

palm court and Jounge. Part of the

f virt will be covered with an ornamental

~sylight awning, and the facilities for the

‘ ining service will be extended. The im-
‘7 Provements are to cost §20,000.

 

|
'
|

BOOKS AND AUTHORS.

 

seem to be both interested in the same
question—What will heaven be for Eve?
In Miss Sinclair's “The Judgment of Eve"
the English writer dealt with the physical
as well as the spiritual burden of the wife
in marriage, Mrs. Phelps, writing of the
various popular ideas of possible heaven in
Harper's Bazar, has said that “the judg-
ment of Eve” will be one of the firet trage-
dies which another life will recognize and
rectify, “No woman,” writes Mrs. Phelps,
“who has ever received the confidence of
her sex can recall without emotion the con-
feasions of these women, tied to traditions
which they dare not question, broken on
the wheels of drudgery whose iron revo-
lutions crush individual gifts out of the
soul and personal powers out of the life.
There will be no happier class of citizens
in the heavenly country than those pris-
onera*ef sex to whom the unlocked door of
death has given the freedom of their own
natures.”

Some of the early easaya of Henry James
are to be published this week under the
title of “Views and Reviews.” The book
will have an introduction by Le Roy Phil-
lips, author of the James bibliography.
The essays are critical estimates of Dickens,
Browning, Tennyson, Matthew Arnold and

that cauatic criticism of “Mr. Walt Whit-~

man” which originally appeared in the

Nation.

It has heen remarked that the red haired
heroine rules in many nuvels of the day.

have had a small chance of winning favor.
One erplanation is that she fits pictur-

the | esquely into artistic hack grounds; another
‘is that the red haired woman

is nearly
always emotional. According to a acientific
authority red haired people are much more
successful in business, in art or in love than
either blondes or brunettes, The secret

; seems to be that persona of this coloring

Aas there is no large restau- 1

are usually of the same temperament and
character, They are persevering, quick
witted, alert, and they love and hate so
fiercely that they are likely to have as much
romance and tragedy in their lives as is
desirable.

Arthur Stringer, the author of “The
Under Groove,” is making a rather novel
tour of the tropics. He left New York on
an Italian tramp ateamer and hia wander-
ings are taking him about the coast towns
of Cuba, Jamaica and other Caribbean
points. A mate's cabin converted into a
10 by 12 library provides the novelist with
a work room, where he will labor on his
next book. The main item in Mr. Stringer's
outfit, he reports, was “six pounds of to-
bacco and six volumes of Jurgenief.”

The famous baseball ballad “Casey at
the Bat” was sent out anonymously be-
cause the author's father, a master mariner,
was opposed to literature and poetry and

; would have “no literary fellows about his

chilies mma easiness

|

craft.” “Casey at the Bat” was written by
George Whitefield D'Vys on a Sunday many
years ago while lying on the grass in Frank-
lin Park, Boston. As soon as hia father
died in 1900 Mr. D'Vys immediately began
his literary career and won for himself
recognition in both poetry and fiction.
The author was born in Boston and spent
most of his boyhood life afloat with his
father. During his school days he was
much interested in the game of baseball
and “Casey” was founded upon the famous
Mike Kelly, who a few days previous to
the writing of the poem “fanned” at an
inopportune time. The poem was com-
pleted and sent forth the day it was com-
menced and has aroused much discussion
ever since as to the identity of the adthor.
Mr. D'Vys has a story in the May St. Nicho-
las called “The Young Welters.”

The writers who form the subject of
Winifred Stephens’s book, “French Novel-
ists of To-day,” to be published this week,
are Anatole France, Maral Prevost, Pierre
de Coulevain, Paul Bourget, Rene Bazin,
Edouard Rod, Pierre Loti. Special atten-
tion ia given to the social, ecclesiastical and
intellectual problems of contemporary
France, showing their influence upon the
French novelists of to-day. The purpose
of the book is to constitute a guide to Eng-
lish readers desirous of keeping in touch
with the best present day French fiction, It
is interesting to learn that the works of
Anatole France are to appear in a complete
edition in America as well as in England,

Mrs. Humphry Ward during her visit
in Boston arranged for the publication of
the first complete and uniform edition of
her writings. Following the new edition
of George Eliot's works, this set of Mrs,
Ward's writings will place in the libraries
of book lovers the complete works of two
notable English women of recent times,
Some special illustrative features are being
arranged

“We have among our younger novelists,”

| says a writer in the Contemporary Review,

“vigorous story tellers, expert psychologists
in whom is the spirit of
romance, but since Mr. Meredith ceased
to write there have been few of larger
stature. When therefore a writer appears
whose horizon seems larger than the stage
on which his puppets play we should make
every effort to appreciate his positive
achievements without being deterred by
occasional lapse or obscurity, Mr. J. ©.
Snaith has already put forward claim to
such consideration by his ‘Broke of Coven-
den’ and his new story, ‘William Jordan,
Jr..’ should establish his position.” In
the opinion of the English critic Mr, Snaith
willone day write something of “permanent
value.”

 

The Seagoers.
Sailing to-day by the White Star liner
Oceanic, for Plymouth, Cherbourg and

Southampton:

Mr, and Mrs. William Faversham, Mr.and
Mrs, Coburn Haskell, McLane Van Ingen,
V. H. Stafford, Mr, and Mrs. W. Bayard Cut-
ting, Mis# Olivia Cutting, Mr. and Mrs, D, Y.
Cooper, Major Spencer Crosby, Mr. and
Mrs. W. V, Lawrence, Mra, John H, Prentice,
Ransom ott and Mrs. William McCreery
Ramsay.

Passengers by the Cunarder Lusitania,
off for Queenstown and Liverpool

Col, and Mrs. A, G, Bullock, Charles Dil-
lingham, Mr. and Mrs, Alexander M. Ewing,
Mr. and Mrs, 8. R. Huggendelm, Sir James
Heath, Mr. Mra, Walter J. Hewiett,
Capt, John J. Milbank, Vere Herbert Smith,
Sir Reginald Walker, Gen, Francis E. Waters
and Mr. and Mrs, George A. Pope,

Sailing to-da by the Holland-America

steamship Ryndam for Boulogne and Rotter-
dam;
Mr. and Mrs. William A, Butler, Jr., Mra,
Margaret B. Sanderson, Prof. J.J. M. de Groot
the Rey. and Mra. JS. Voorhees, Mra, Valen-
tine Marsh, 8.8. Speyer, Mra, Charles ©,
Dickinson and Mr, Charies H. Townsend,

Arrivals by the North German Lloyd
steamship Kronprinzessin Cecilie, from
Bremen, Southampton and Cherbourg:

Mr, and Mrs. Jamer A. Stillman, Elisha
Dyer, Count Carl Moltke of Denmark, Mr. an
Mra. 'T. Bt. John Gaffney, Mra, H. 0, Have-
meyer, Charlies Stewart Smith and J. Henry
Whitehouse.

Aboard the Atlantic Transport liner
Minneapolis from London were:

Mr. and Mrs. Sholto Douglas, W. N. Storer
and E. Spencer Wyatt.

Passengers by the Red Star liner Finland
from Antwerp and Dover:

and

Coun Alexander Beroldinger, Count
Emile b@ (irelle, and Capt, Geor, Siddons
Murrey, formerly of the old Guion JAne stearn-

A , once & breaker but now

ehip

sorep iron.

   

NBW THINGS AT THE MUSEUM

APRIL ACQUISITIONS INCLUDE A
RARE HUNTING CARPET,

 

 

The Gift of Alexander Smith C@chran--Too
Valuable to Pu: , Saye the Director
-New Winslow Homers on Exhibl
Uon—Some Early Stained Glass.

A number of valuable accessions to the
collections at the Metropolitan Museum
of Art are anncunced in the May Bulletin
of the museum. Prominent among them is
an Oriental carpet of the type known as
“hunting carpets,” the gift of Alexander
Smith Cochran, The rug, which is now
on exhibition in Room 8, on the first floor
of the museum, measures 6 feet 74 inches
by 8 feet 8 inches, The Bulletin thus de-
soribes it: “It has a green border, with
spiral tendrils bearing conventional flowers,
buds and leaves, among which are birds of
gay varied plumage. The middle, or field;
is likewise covered with foliage and flowers,
with wild animals, natural and symbolical,
on a red ground, A large central medallion
of yellow, surrounded with a gadrooned
border, contains figures seated under flower-
ing trees, drinking and playing musical in-
struments, and surrounding a small pond
| in which are four ducks swimming in red
water.” ‘

a

 

| Purdon Clarke says:

“Mr. Cochran's gift of this carpet is @
great boon to the museum, as the enor-
mous value of such examples renders their
purchase by the museum out of the ques-

tion.”
Two

German stained glass windows

have been added to the collection, illus- |

trating the last phase of the older glass

painting. The windows were made, pre-
| sumably at Trier, shortly after 1500. They
| illustrate the, work of the German school at
the close of the mediwval period and are
valuable as a connecting link bet ween the
mediwval and renaissance. The windows
show the introduction of certain tints of
yellow which were discovered in the middle
of the fifteenth century, when the tendency
was toward lighter rooms.

The figures on the windows are olear and
distinct in design. One, St. John, and the
other, with the bear, St. Maximine, stand
against a background of hangings in Italian
pomegranate, with a fragment of archi-
tecture at one side showing a mixture of
Gothic and Renaissance styles.

Three Japanes®? champion wrestlers’
aprons, the gift of Tanineman Hitachiyama,
the champion wrestler of Japan, Samurai
of Mito, are alao among the new exhibits.
One is of lacquer worn by Yoko-Zuna
(champion of all Japan) and the other two
were worn by his attendants, the sword
bearer and dresser, They are said to be
the most elaborate of their class

Among the new paintings on exhibition
is one by Alphonsa Legros, called the “Edge

room 3. The museum already porseased
a collection of thirty examples of silver
point and chalk drawings given by the
artiet in 1892. In the same room is a col-
| jection of reproductions of 122 plaquettes
by Peter Féltner, the sculptor, engraver,
architect and medallist, who died at Nurem-
| berg in 1546. The plaquettes, modelled in
low relief, represent subjects from the
Bible, the Planet Gods, the Nine Muses,
the Seven Virtues, the Seven Deadly Sins,
and like subjects.

Two paintings by Winslow Homer, lent
by Goores A. Hearn, to replace those taken
to the Pittaburg exhibition, will remain
on view until the return of those owned by
the museum. The two new Homers are said
to be among his most forceful pictures.
They are “Moonlight, Wood's Island Light,”
and “Northeaster.” ‘The latter by many
critica is called Homer's masterpiece.

Another loan of importance has been
made by Archer M. Huntington. The

ict are by Francisco de Zurbaran

e? are a “Portrait of a Lady” and “Por-
trait of Don Pedro Mocarte.”

A large part of the Bulletin is given up
to a deacription of the second year's wor!
of the expedition which is making excava-
tions in Egypt at the Pyramids of Light.

|

give to the museum a record and means
of illustration of some of the moat im-
portant tombs of the various periods.

A new competition for the Jacob H,
Lazarus scholarship for the study of mural
painting is announced, The income of
the scholarship is $1,000 a year for three
years, The competition is open to any
unmarried male olinen of the United States,
The examination will be held at the National
Academy of Design during the week be-
ginning Monday, October 26, 194, The
members of the committee for the present
year are Frederick Crowinshield, J. Carroll
Beckwith, Edwin H. Blashfleld, George W.
Breck, A. D. F. Hamlin, Francis C. Jones,
George WW. Maynard, A. T. Schwartz aod
Edgar M. War

FESTIVAL

MESIC OPLNS.

 

Cincinnati's Biennial Series of Concerts
Begins With “America.”
Cincinnati, May 5.—The eighteenth bi-
ennial May Music Festival opened to-night
at Music Hall,.for a season of five concerts,

of Frederick Stock, furnished the instru-

of several hundred trained voices.

The hymn “America” was rendered as
the first number of the programme to-
night by the audience and chorus, acoom-
vanied by the orchestra and grand organ.
faydn's oratorio “The bs ee was
presented with Mme. Gadaki, Daniel Beddoe
and Dalton Baker (first American appear-
ance) as the soloists

 

nematic eee A eee asearecniasecte - oe

Settlement With Wasical Unions,

The negotiations which have been in
progreas for several weeks between the
Theatrical Managers Association of Greater
New York and the American Federation of
Musicians of New York, the local branch
of the Mutual Musical Protective Union,
the national organization, were concluded
yesterday by the signing of a new contract
between the two organizations. The re-
sult is a compromise, although the main
contention, that of salary, was decided in
favor of the managers. The old scale is
retained, but the managers make minor
concessions in the matter of rehearsals.

 

News of Plays and Players.

Arrangements were completed between
Henry W. Savage and Klaw & Erlanger
by cable yesterday which will result in the
continuance of “The Merry Widow"
throughout the summer at the New Am-
sterdam Theatre.

The firat music rehearsal of the new
musical revue, “The Follies of 1908," which
opens on the New York roof the first week
in June, was held ronereny at the New
York Theatre under the direction of Maurice
Levy, the general musical director. Julian
Mitchell, the atage manager, will ‘arrive
Thuraday on the Mauretania and the regu-
lar rehearsals will commence Friday morn-

ing.

i, do honor to Col. W. F. Cody several
members of the Modern Woodmen of Amer-
ica, Camp Prospect 11647, were at the Wild
West exhibition in Madison Square Garden
last night. Juat before Buffalo Bill intro-
duced his world famed con of rough
riders twelve of the Modern Woodmen went
up to the old scout and presented to him
a large axe inade of various kinds of flowers.

On Monday, May 18, a new comio opera
which is now being tried out in Philadel-
yhia will be brought to Wallack'’s, “A

night for a Day,” which has had a lon
run, will move to Boston for an extend
stay. The book and ree of the new piece

Seidel and 1 and Julian
Edwards is responeible ar sole”
\

——
ins sails SS

In commenting on the gift Sir Caspar |

of the Woods,” which has been placed in |

This work when completed is expected to |

Frank Van Der Stucken is the conductor, |
The Chicago orchestra, under the direction |

mental numbers, and the chorus consisted |

  
   

SOCIETY EATING HOUSE.

 

Well Known Men Interested in Mrs, Peti's
Enterprise.

The Bureau of Sovial Requirements,
which under the management of Mrs,
Mary Hutton Pell has been relieving society
women of their household worries, has
seoured the four story building at 6 Kast
Forty-third street and will open the Garden
Restaurant there to the public to-day.
This restaurant conforms to Mra, Pell’s

idea of an ideal out of door eating place,

the tables being bordered by trees and
shrubbery. The chef was for some years
in the employ of the late James Henry

Smith, The three upper floors of the build-

ing are to be devoted to club rooms and the

office purposes of the bureau,
The building was formally opened at a
| reception held by the stockholders yester-
day afternoon. The stockholders include

Mra. Frederick Vanderbilt, Mrs. Seth Low,

Mra. W. Lanman Bull, Mra. J. Lee Tailer,

Misa Watson, Mrs, Frecderiok Stevens, Mrs,

Irving Ruland, Mrs. W. B. Franklin and

Mrs. John Corbin. Among the stockhold-

ers’ guests yesterday were Capt. and Mrs.

Philip Lydig, Dr. and Mrs, Percy R. Tur-

nure, Miss Maria de Acosta, Franklin A.

Plummer, Mra. George Shrady, Newton
| Adama, John Corbin, Egerton Winthrop,

/ and Mme. Lawrence Seidler.

Mrs. Pell, who will manage the restaurant,
was formerly the wife of Alexander Mercer
Pell, from whom she secured a divorce in
January
from London, where she had successfully
managed the Dysart Hotel. Shortly after
her marriage to the grandson of Gen. Mer-
cer she started a dairy farm in Herkimer
county, where she had lived, She was
Mary Leclesine.

{ — ee eee

FIVE PIANISTS.

 

Paderewski Net to Return Until Me Has
Finished His Symphony.

Five pianists of more or less fame sailed
| yesterday on the Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse,
| Ignace Paderewski, Josef Hofmann, Rudolf
| Ganz, Alexander Lambert and Guillaume
| Stengel, who has given up his appearances

as a virtuoso during recent years

From the Metropolitan Opera House
went on the same ship Mine. Sembrich,
| Otto Goritz and Lionel Mapleson.
singers were Harriet Behnee and Vernon
Stiles, from the Savage “Madame Butterfly”
company
| sail, had to remain behind

to continue

| his conferences with his codirector, Giulio |
was

}on the passenger list, delayed his sailing |

Gatti-Casazza, Alfred Hertz, who
| for a week.
| All the musicians on board with one
| exception have finished work for (he
| season. Ignace Paderewski is now going
| to Switzerland, thence in June to London,
| where he is to give three concerts
return here next season,” Mr. Paderewski
| said to Tut SUN reporter, “and make a

if | finish my symphony. | am now com-
pelled as head of the conservatory in War-
saw to teach there every year for two
periods of six weeks each
for my first term in the fall, it will be ex-
| tremely difficult for me to get enough time
to work. | shall not return to this country
| in any case unless Lhe symphony is finished.”
It is believed by many of Paderewski's
' friends that he will never return here again,
as he has frequently expressed his desire
to retire and devote himself to composition

Josef Hofmann will spend the summer
at hugen after a brief visit to his parents
in Berlin. He will come .back here to
apend next winter in Mrs, Hofmann’s place
at Aiken. He will not appear in public,
but devote himself to completing two syin-
phonies on which he is at work,

Mme. Sermbrich returna to the Metros
politan in November after a concert tour
in the West. In vouriery she goes to
Kuasia to sing for two months in the Italian
opera. She will spend the summer in the
Dolomites after a shor( stay in Paris. She
| s0e8 to visit Mme. Grau, the widow of the
| late Maurice Grau

Miss Laurance Alma-Tadema, who

| been in this country with Mme, Paderews’,

sailed vesterday., She will return here

next winter to lecutre West on
| * Happiness.”

in the

|

|

|

! -_——————- -
|

| JOINT PLAYS FROWNED ON,
| --—--———-

| Faculty Doesn't Approve of
} tnion With Columbia,

| Sorrow reigns in the hearts of many
| Barnard girls to-day because the faculty
is frowning upon their endeavor to form
with the Columbia

| Barnard

a dramatic society
College players

The scheme originated with the Columbia
boys and they first proposal was squelched
by the members of the Barnard under-
graduate play committee. But a few of
the more enterprising girls arranged to
meet a delegation from Columbia. It was
decided that the proposition should be
put before the Barnard student council,
which passes upon ail questions concern-
ing new organizations, and that the club
should then be formed unless the faculty
interfered,
| But before the matter came before
| the student board it waa rumored that
| almost all the faenliy were seriously op-
| posed to any such policy

One of the Barnard professors in speak-
jing of the proposed club said yesterday
| afternoon, “We are already having too
| many dramatic performances at Barnard.
Altogether too much time and energy is
| being devoted to the plays which the girls
| produce

“Besides, such intimacy aa this club
would give rise to between our students
and those of Columbia is not to be desired,
|The drama, moreover, deals with the
| elemental passions, and I should hate to see
} them played with.”

Acting Dean Brewster refused to give
hia opinion upon the matter because the
question had not yet come to him officially

In the meantime the various clubs of
Barnard and Columbia unite “unoficially”
whenever they wish to present a play
| together, in spite of the fact that a joint
dramatic society does not exist. This
rear the German and French societies
have acted together, and on Friday of this
week the Spanish clubs of both institutions
will present two comedies at the Berkeley
Lyceum.

ue B.

|
!
| The Manager Announces a Number of New
}

 

HARRIS'S PLANS.

 

Plays for Next Season.

Henry B. Harris, who sails on the Lusi-
tania to-day, will make his first offering
or the year early in August by the pre-
| gentation in New York of a new comedy
| by James Forbes, author of “The Chorus
Lady.”

The sixth season of the Hudson Theatre
will be inaugurated on August 24 with
Robert Edeson in a new play, “The Call
of the North,” by George Broadhurst, and
founded on Stuart Edward White's story,
*Conjuror's House.”

| Rose Stahl will open her third season in
| James Forbes’ comedy, “The Chorus Lady,”
j at the Grand Opera House in New York
on Monday, September 7, after which she
| will make a twenty-eight weeks tour of
the West.

Early in September Edgar Selwyn now
—— in “Strongheart” will be seen in
“Pierre of the Plains,” anew play by Mr.

Seley from Sir Gilbert Parker's “Pierre
and His People.” Thomas W will

alao have a new play, which ia now being |

written for him by a well known author,
Henrietta Crosman will open ber annual
New York engagement early in the season
in this play.

Three eretpanies of “The Lion and the
Mouse” will be retained and sent through
the country.

Mr. Harris will also produce during the
early part of the season a new play b
Elmer B. Harris, who collaborated with
Miss Bonnar in “Sham,” and a new pny by
Martha , Morton entitled “The ll of

the Rev, Father Ducey, Arthur Brisbane |

Last year she returned here |

Other ;

Andreas Dippel, who was to |

“I may |

tour with the Boston Symphony Orchestra |

As | go there |

has |

==
oso — ——— SC

Beas

vee

WAYOR LECTURES AT CORNELL

SCORES SOUIALISM AND PATER
NALISM IN GOVERNMENT.

 

 

This Doing Things by Commission He
Thinks May Prove to Be Uncenstita-
tlenal--Some Thoughts on the Troubles
That Beset the Man in Public Omics.

Irnaca, May 6.—Mayor George B. Mo-
; Clean and Mrs, MoCilellan arrived here
this afternoon, having made the trip from
New York by altomobile, In the evening
the Mayor addressed an audience made up
of the faculty, trustees and students of
Cornell and leading citizens of Ithaca on
“The Political Tendencies of the Age.”
The Mayor's address was received enthu-
siastically, The Mayor refused to talk poli-
tics, saying that he thought both Gov.
| Hughes and himself were out of politics
|

a long time ago.

Mr. McClellan spoke of the “great wave
of social unrest sweeping around the world
which marks a concerted movement of law-
lesanees and anarchy,” saying in part:

\
| ‘The real menace to the world, as we know
| it, is the men who sincerely help and urge
| the cause of socialism, They may be roughly
divided into two classes those who honestly

believe in socialism, who hope that some day
| in the near future the State will be the one
| owner of capital, the one employer of labor,
and who contemplate with equal calmness

the abolition of private ownership of property
| and the destruction of the family, and those
j who while not belleving in soclalism pure
| and simple think that the socialistic wave
j is so strong that it caunot be checked, but
| only controlled,

The speaker told of the progress of so-
cialism in Europe, Of the movement ip
| this country he said:

In our own country the socialistic move-
ment bas spread broadcast the doctrine of
| paternalism in government Ita general
acceptance is jone of the most astounding
phenomena of modern times, The popular
faith in the power of government to right all
' wrong is almost pathetic in its simplicity,
| and would be rather admirable were it not
| #0 utterly futile. During the last few years
|} we have legislated on almost every con-
| ceivable subject in almost every conceivable
|
|
|

way. We who were once the least governed

of nations are in fair way of becoming the ,

most governed

The Mayor referred to the development
of the Government commission and said
it might well be a question whether the
spirit if not the letter of the Constitution
had been violated in clothing the commis-
sions with almost dictatorial powers,
| Mr, MeClellan then had something to
say about politicians:

We have no end of men iy public life who are
ready, by a stroke of the pen, to solve all the
problems of humanity from corporate dis-
honesty to the Brooklyn Bridge crush, It is
but u poorly equipped public man ora very
retrograde newspaper that has not a whole
stock of pahacem for every human ill.

' Noman should enter polities with the hope
of pecuniary reward. ‘There is no such thing
as “honest graft Salaries are small and the
continuity of oMiceholding so uncertain that
the life of an honest politic ian is one of con-
stant self-sacrifice, Moreover our journalis-
tic and political ethics are such that the honest
man who accepts office in this country must
expect from the beginning to the end of his
term to wage one incessant struggle to do his
adluty fle must expect constant and captions
| criticiam, constant and unmeasured abuse.
{He must expect to have his every motive
‘impugned, his every action misinterpreted
| and misunderstood

Less than four years ago the people of this
| country elected as their Chief Magistrate an
}
|
|

honest and conscientiom man, They knew

what he was and what he represented. They
| knew his ideals, his hopes, his purposes, and
had they stopped to think about the matter
at all they would have known what to expect
from his election, Now that the inevitable
has occurred, instead of accepting it, those
who a few months ago were loudest in his
praise are the most vituperative in their de-
nunciation. It is not so long since that those
who disagreed with him ran the risk of being
charged with lise majesté by the very news-
papers that now even question his honesty

of purpose,

The Mayor concluded with some advice,
which was, in effect, to decide what was
right and then stick to it. “If the United
States,” he said, “ia to embark on an era
of disregard of Jaw and order, an ignoring
of property rights and the rights of indi-
viduals, let us do so knowingly and not
in ignorance. If we are to seek out
| destruction let us do it_in cold blood
| and with our eyes open Let us pray, as

did Ajax, ‘Destroy us, but destroy us in
| the light.’*

 

CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION SHOW,

| Barnard Young Women Enter Vaudeville
| for a Worthy Object.
| ‘The Barnard Christian Association with
| the help of a few Columbia men gave a
| vaudeville and side show for the benefit
of the Silver Bay Fund in Earl Hall yes-
| terday afternoon.
The “continuous entertainment” began
with shadow pictures which showed that
| poor old lady (she must be old by this tithe)
'
'
|
|
{
|
}

 

who is always “waiting at the church,”

After the Columbia boys had created
great admiration by their clog dancing one
of the Barnard girls did some imitations
of Harry Lauder, the Scotch comedian;
Eddie Foy, Vesta Victoria and Maude
Adams, the most imitated actress on the
Barnard stage

There were also living pictures of differ-
ent kinds of bella—the church bell, the vil-
lage belle, the convent bell and the Liberty
bell, all represented by collegians in ap-
yriate costumes.
ere were fortune tellers in the side
| rooms who told very nice fortunes to any
| one who paid the price.
| The proceeds of the performance will
be used to pay the expenses of the Barnard
delegates to the convention of the Young
roan Christian Association at Silver

y

| pro)

 

 

Wagstafl— French.

Newport, May 5.—Miss Pauline Leroy
French, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Amos
Tuck French of Newport and New York
and Samuel Jones Wagstaff, son of Col.
and Mrs. Arthur Wagstaff of New York, were
married in St. John's Episcopal Church to-day
before a large gathering of Newport and New
York sovlety folk. ‘The wedding procession
was headed by the eight ushers, Clarence
Pell, Griswold Lorillard, Jame# Park, Warren
Robbins, Oliver Harriman, Albert Hofman,
| ‘lavior Pyne, and Francis 0. French,
eight bridesmaids, Miss Margaret Stewart,
Liza Cutting, Dorothy Kane, Caroline Gros-
| venor, Marion Clark, Gladys Pell,lrene Sher-
} man and bleanor Mortimer, were attired
| in gowns of pink, Miss Edith Kane, the maid
| of honor wore a gown similar to those of the

bridesmaids. At the attar the bride was met

hy Mr. Wawstaff and the best man, George
| Wagataff, his brother, and the Rey. Charles F,
Reattie, rector of the church, who performed

the ceremony, Following the ceremony a

| reception waa held at Harbourview, the

summer home of Mra. F, O, French

| Hewlett—Willis,

Misa Caroline Skidmore Willis, daughter
of the late John Townsend Willis, and Walter
Jones Hewlett, were married yesterday
afternoon at the Church of St. Mary the
Virgin, in West Forty-sixth street, The
Rey, Andrew C, Wilson, first curate of the
church, performed the ceremony at 4:30
o'clock, and the bride, who waa given away
by her cousin, William Townsend Willis,
was attended by Miss Henrietta A. Hewlett,
a sister of the bridegroom, ag maid of honor.
There were no bridesm . Louis Hewlett
was best inan, and Robert Hewlett, Rudolph
Hewlett, William Wilston Wood, Jr., FT. Bache
Bleecker, Oliver Livingston Jones, Jr., Fred-
erick Floyd-Jones, Charles J. Stewart and
epeey ood Livingston were ushers.

Mrs. Willis of 7 West Eighty-second street
gave @ reception later at therry's.

 

‘The
|

“The Crisis,”

       
      
    

By Winston Churchill

Pobdiished
by

  

PURPLE
| AND

FOR SALE EVERYWHERE ON SATURDAY NEXT
The New Novel by the Author of

Career

By WINSTON
CHURCHILL

Mr. Churchill, from the time he wrote “Richard Carvel,” has
held a larger following than any novelist in America. In this
new book interest is especially strong, as it is a novel of to-day.

Mr. Crewe’s Career

THE MACMILLAN COMPANY

 

   
 
 
   
      

“Coniston,” etc. |

/

Illustrated. Cloth, $1.0

64-06 Bth Ave.,
N.Y,

HOMESPUN

A NOVEL BY

SAMUEL M. GARDENHIRE,

| Author of “Lux Crusis.”

\ the brilliant vistas of Washington official life,

down which the

view is never tiring, the

characters are introduced to you—and you see

| them as clearly as the men

and women sitting opposite

you in a street car. You feel that these people are near.

The touch of their joys and ambitions and catastro-

|

}

phes springs up from these
| vividness. A big story of
|

Cloth.

 

HARPER &

 

   

to-day.

pages with intimate human

$1.50

 

BROTHERS

wi. Altman & Cn.

 

WOMEN'S SHOES OF BLACK,

TAN AND WHITE LEATHERS.

TAN AND BLACK RUSSIA CALFSKIN, WHITE AND BLACK

BUCKSKIN, AND PATENT LEATHER, i

/

COMPLETE OUTFITS OF WOMEN’S FOOTWEAR FOR TROUSSEAUX

|
|
| LOW CUT SHOES OF TAN AND GREY OOZE LEATHER,

B. Altwan & Co.

OF THE FAMOUS TOILE

SKETCHES AND ESTIMATES

VESTINGS, ETC

34th

~ §Oe,— Maupaasant’s short stories, Reynolds's Old
London, Manon Lescaut, Ve Kock, PRATT, 1M
6th av,

SS

LUNCH CLUB 312 FEET UP.
First Meal on the 26th Floor of the City

InvesUng Bullding.

The City Lunch Club ate yesterday its
firat meal in ite new quarters on the twenty-
fifth floor of the City Investing Building,
$12 feet above the Broadway pavements,

At luncheon the members and their guests,
overlooking the roofs of such 8k yscrapers
as the Empire Building, the Terminal

lean Trinit

eet it ee

Manhattan.

The club has the entire floor, which
was planned for its uses when the City
Investing Building was erected. On the
Broadway side is the big reading, writing
and smoking room, decorated in sedate
reds and browns. On the west side is the
| main dining room, finissed in green and
| dull bronze. There are private dining
} roome and a women’s dining room.. From
| any point one May sve on d clear day the
towers of Coney Island and ships working
| toward the Narrows, or to the north the
| t ee of dull green that indicates

ronx k.

 

Bradiah Johnson is president of the clubs,
| Samuel T. Peters vice-president, Robert
| Goelet treasurer and Austen Gray secre-
| tary,
of the downtown Delmonico's for fifteen
years, is the club superintendent,

At the first luncheon yesterday were
Mr. and Mrs. H. Rogers Winthrop, Mr. and
Mrs. Robert Goelet, Mr. and Mrs. Aveten

 

Eve Parsons, Bradis!: G. Johnson, Mr.
and Mrs. W. De Lancey Kountze, H. 0.
| Havemeyer, Jr, Robert L. Livingston,
| Charlee" D. Dickey, L, K. Wilmer ding,
Walter Gurnee, Newbold Morris, Edward
MoeVicker, Stuyvesant Tillot, C. C. Van
Rensselaer, Craig Colgate, Alvin W. Krech,
Henry 8. Redmond, George G. De Witt,
Norman de R. Whitehous», William H.
Woodin, Bradish Johnson, Eugene A. Phi!-
bin and Henry 8. Thompson.

-——

 

Cyrus Field Judson in Hospital,

Cyrus Field Judson, grandson, of Cyrus
W. Field and. an associate with Joseph
Leiter and Joseph H. Hoadley in the Inter-
national Power Company, was found un-
conscious at Fifteenth street and Irving
WAace yesterday. He was taken to Belle-
vue, where it was said he would be able to
leave in @ day or 80. 4 oe

and West street buildings and the high, |
pile, might have drawn, if |

they wished, a pretty accurate map of all |

Charles Huerstel, who was in charge |

Gray, Mr. and Mre. Searles Barclay, Miss |
yn

34th Street, 35th Street and 5th Avenue.

EL LLL LDL LLL

“

ARE EXHIBITING THE LATEST
NOVELTIES IN FRENCH PRINTED FABRICS, REPRODUCTIONS
DE JOUY,
SUMMER DRAPERIES, WALL AND FURNITURE COVERINGS.

APPROPRIATE FOR

SUBMITTED.

THE ABOVE FABRICS ARE SUITABLE ALSO FOR DRESS TRIMMING,
(DEPARTMENT ON FOURTH FLOOR,

Street, 35th Street and Si Avenue, New York.

 

    
     
     
 

t

MONEY
GOD

By
JOHN C. VAN DYKE

1,CO net, postpaid 1.10

 
       
     
     
      
  
   
  
       
   
   
   
   
 

An astonishingly able and
stimulating denunciation and
appeal against the worst side
of modern business condi-
tions and of the commercial
ideals of to-day. Eloquent,
forcible and reasonable, and

full of suggestive . ideas.
| A book that every) man

should read.
TT

| CHARLES SCRIBNER’S SONS

i

 
    
 

LS I

 

People are Talking about

THE STRUGGLE FOR
A ROYAL CHILD

By Ida Kremer
The story of “The

Madcap Princess”
Photogravure Portraits $1.50

MITCHELL KENNERLEY
Publisher NEW YORK

'