-_——

VOL. LXVIIL=-NO, 288,

(ROWDED BOAT SINKS,

——

<taten Island Ferry Run Down
‘Olf the Battery.

eee

PANIC, AND ONE LIFE LOST,

 

 

The Northfield and the Mauch Chunk
Crash in Swift Tide,

 

All the Blerses en the Northfield Go Down With
the Vewel—Tags and Other Harbor Craft
Rush te the Rescue and Succeed tm Bring-
ing All bat One of the Staten Island Beat's
600 Passengers Ashore—Mea Abeard Her
Said to Have Shown Little Gallantry —Aocci-
dent Happened Just as the Crowd of City
Workers Were Returning to Their Homes.:

The Staten Island ferryboat Northfield
with 600 passengers on board was sunk
last night in the East River at the foot of
Coenties alip, where she had drifted after
having her hull smashed in in a collision
with the Jersey Central ferryboat Mauch
Chunk. At least one of the 000 passengers
is supposed to have been lost. Three were
injured seriously enough to go to a hos-
pital.

David Van Name of Staten Island is the
man reported as missing. Lizzie Ivers,
a telephone operator of New Brighton,
was struck in the eye by a flying splinter
when the boats crashed together. She
was taken to the New York Eye and Far
Infirmary. Annie Shannon and Lucy
Dorminger of 7 Tyson street, Snug Harbor,
were exhausted after being in the river
and were taken to the Hudson street hospital
James W., Pettinos of West Brighton broke
his leg in jumping ashore after the wrecked
boat went aground at the end of Pier 10.

About twenty-four horses were drowned.
And that is the full list of casualties of
what at first promised to be the most dis-
astrous river calamity since the destruc-
tion of the ferryboat Westfield thirty years
ago.

The collision occurred a few minutes
after 6 o'clock when all the ferryboata
from the Battery are jammed with com-
muters. The Northfield left her slip on
the hour with Capt. Abraham Johnson
and Quartermaster A. Liske in the pilot
house. Her slip is just west of the Jersey
Central Royal Blue Line slip, for which the
Mauch Chunk was headed, 6o that the
fatter boat, coming from Communipaw,
wan obliged to eross the course of the
Northfield.

As the Northfield moved slowly out
into the etream Capt. Johnson blew a long
blast on the whistle to warn passing crift
that he was coming and to keep out of his
way, At the same time the Mauch Chunk,
in command of Capt. 8. C. Griffen and with
not more than a dozen passengers aboard,
was making for her slip, helped along by
a strong flood tide. Before the warning
whistle on the Northfield ceased Capt.
Griffen blew one blast as a signal that he
would cross the Northfleid’s bow, Both
boata were then about three hundred feet
out from the ferry slips.

Within a few seconds, and apparently
before anything could be done to prevent
it, the boats crashed together. The Mauch
Chunk’s fron-shod guard, being lower
than that of the Northfield rammed under
it, and tore a big hole in the Northfleld’s
starboard bow, just abaft the stem, on
the women's side of the boat. The hood
of the Northfleld’s cabin was also knocked
off, and all of the joiner work forward was
smashed to splinters, The Mauch Chunk
backed off and then, too badly damaged
herself to render any assistance to the
wrecked Northfleld, went on to her slip.

On the Northfleld there was a panio of
men and women and a stampede of the
two dozen or more horses, The passen-
gers instinctively rushed in a body to the
port side when the boats crashed, and
the Northfleld listed accordingly, but
righted herself somewhat as her damaged
bow was swung around by the atrong tide,
and pointed up the East River, She made
some headway too, under her own steam
for several minutes after the collision,
and Capt. Johnson steered in for the Man-
hattan shore, looking for a slip into which
he could run the boat. All the ferry stipe
wero occupied, and the slips farther up
the East River were filled with shipa, barges
and canal boats. The Northfield kept on,
looking for a haven with her whistle scream-
ing for help. She was filling rapidly,

John Bauilon, the engineer, and his fire-
man remained at their posta till the water
was up to their waists and then they rushed
on deck, leaving the engine to run itself
as long as it would, That wasn’t long.
The water soon reached the fire in the
boilers and in an instant the boat was en-
veloped in a cloud of steam. She began
to roll heavily and the water was soon
flush with the main deck.

Before that a dozen passengers had
fumped overboard and had been picked |
up by tugs. When the steam began to
roll out of the engine room somebody added
to the panio by yelling that the boat was on
fire and then more of the passengers, per-
haps a score of them, jumped overboard |
\ll of these, so far as could be learned last
night, were saved

When the boat left her slip at least half |
of the passengers were on the main deck |
After their first blind scramble to the port
side to get as far as possible from the boat |
that had rammed into them, they fought |
to wet to the companion ways leading to the
upper deck, And in that fight, according
to the stories told after it waa all over, the
men were first and the women and children
afterward. However, there was time for
all who hadn't gone overboard to get above
ihe main deck before the water reached it

And from the upper deck about a hun- |
dred men got to the hurricane deck by |

 

 

A New Train to Raffalo.

mn Monday, June ine New ¥ .
j ‘ ork Central wil |
piace In Servire on eotirely new ty
ain to Bu |
€ Grand Central Stathon at 0:20 A i apie

Hufalo 920 » OM. This affords J
tunity for a daylight ride along “Hudawe ‘Rhet
and through the Mohawk Valley Pe

; erty Sireetate dA mw. amd d40P. M,

NEW YORK, SATURDAY, JUNE 15, 10901.—COPYRIGHT, 1901, BY THE SUN PRINTING AND PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION.

shinning up the stanchions, The other
passengers, including all the women, re-
mained on the main deck, where they were
up to their armpits in water when the
Northfield finally went ashore with her
bow within six feet of Pier 10 and her
length stretched across the slip between
that pier and Pier 0,

The forward end of her hurricane deck
was just awash. The passengers on the
upper deck aft were up to their necks in
water. Twenty-five deckhandse—ten of
the regular crew and fifteen who were off
duty and on their way home aboard the
Northfleld—stayed on the upper deck and
did splendid service in caring for the half-
drowned women and children and in pre-
venting them from Jumping overboard.

In the meantime the screaming of the
Northfteld’s whistle and the answering
blasts of the tugs rushing to her assistance
had attracted thousands to the river front,
and every pier from the Battery to Coenties
Slip was crowded with persons anxious to
help, but not knowing just how to go about
it. The biggest crowd, including the
police reserves from the Old Slip station,
was on Pier 10, and when the Northfleld
finally sank there was an army of volun-
tary life savers ready to take off the pas-
sengers,

Some of the passengers jumped and
were caught by outstretched arms on the
pier, but the distance was teo great for
most of them and the work of rescue was
delayed a few minutes until the tugboat
Unity poked her bow in between the pier
and the ferryboat. affording eafe passage
from one to the other. And that was how
most were taken ashore.

Paul Kominsky, who lost a horse and
buggy in the wreck, said that there were
200 women on the lower deck when the
boats collided. He saw one woman jump
overboard, he said, and tried to pull her
back, but she broke away from his grasp
and swam toward a tug. Kominsky kept
his eye on her until she was rescued by
the tugboat men. She was Lucy F.vans,
one of the three women afterward taken
to a hospital,

As usual, there was a vague and un-
verified story about a tugboat captain's
cruelty. It was told by Abe Lemon of
Staten Island. He said that he and three
other men jumped overboard, and were
picked up by a tugboat captain, who made
them pay him $40 before he would take them
ashore. Lemon could not recall the name
of the tugboat or of her captain. It was
lemon who reported that his friend David
Van Name was missing.

Capt. George Murphy of the barge Sisters,
tied up at Pier 10, Jumped overboard, and
saved three women who had fallen into
the river while trying to get from the North-
fleld to the pier before the tug Unity went
to the rescue.

Capt. Moriarty of the tugboat Arrow
put out from Pier 6 and took four women
and six men from the main deck of the
Northfield when the water on that deck
was two feet deep. He said that he was
able too see every part ofthe deck and
was assured that there was nobody left
there. The horses, he said, were hemmed
in by the mass of trucks and expreas wagons
and were drowning by inches where they
stood. :

Among the rescuers on Pier 10 were
Policeman Edwards, the first policeman
to get there, and Robert Peach, Manuel
Fernandez and Henry Burke, watchmen.
Edwards took a mother and her child from
the deck and then gave a hand to fifteen
men. Fernandez rendered the same ser-
vice for two children and a woman, and
in helping the woman he broke two fingers,

Burke said that a man with a dress auit
case, who tried to jump into his arms, fell
into the river and disappeared under the
pier. Burke felt sure that the man must
have been drowned, Whether or not
this was Van Name could not be learned.

One of the interesting stories told in
the same way by scores of the reacued
passengers was to the effect that the life
preservers aboard the Northfleld were
worse than useless, They were so firmly
wedged in under the seats, some persons
said, that they could not be budged and
the passengers only lost time in trying
to get them, But all the passengers agreed
in praising the officers and crew of the
boat. Capt. Johnson and his quarter-
master stuck to the pilot house until every-
body else was ashore,

The Merritt-Chapman Wrecking Com-
pany put divers to work last night in the
siinken ferryhoat to look for bodies, None
had been found up to 2 o'clock this morning,

John Pfubler, a plumber of Castleton
Corners, Staten Island, was on the North-
field with his wagon taking home some
supplies, He wassitting on the wagon with
his brother when the crash came,

“There were about twelve teams in all,”
he sald, “and we were right in the middle
of the boat on the side that was struck,
I saw firet a lot of people running toward
us from the bow, and the next minute
something appeared to be making match-
wood of the front of the boat. I jumped
from the wagon, as did ali the other team-
sters thatIsaw. None of the horses seemed
a bit scared, and they all went down stand-
ing where they were, I guess, Where we
were was filled with steam before I got
out. I climbed up on the rail, and Jumped
and caught on to a tug that must have
had a hundred people aboard. I didn't
see any women around where we were, and
I did not see any one drown.”

Two of the tugs that went to the as-
sistance of the sinking forrybest, and
which took two-thirds of her passengers
off, were the Unity and the Jewett. Capt.
Slater of the Unity said:

“The Unity and the Jewett were both
about to tie up at Pler 10 when we saw the
Northfield coming along with about a
foot of water over her main deck, The |
people were climbing up on her rails, and
some of them had already gone up near |
the pilot house, Both tugs at once put
off, but before we could get alongside the |
water had already reached the second
deck, When we got alongside of the ferry-
boat we told the people to hustle aboard,
We expected, of course, that the men would
help the women, many of whom were act-
ing hysterically, Instead, the minute we
got alongside over the rails came a stream
of men, They pushed women aside untj|

Atlantic City.

Lapress trains va New Jersey Central leave lip
South Ferry

five minutes earlier, ine Atlantic city at 125)

 

 

and 64) P. M.~Ade
Deligiitful L. 1, Sound wip Sundays to New Ha ’
St. Cucester W, Chapin, dee adv Adm =

’

 

 

it seemed as though they were not going
to let any women off at all, :

“I sent two men forward to try and stop
the men from coming aboard until we took
off some women, but it was no use. There
were a hundred men off her before one
woman was allowed to come. The men,
some of them, acted like a lot of hogs and
cowards, J and my men told them #0.
Biome of the man were so frightened that
when they got aboard they just lay down
and clung on to the deck. The women,
most of them, had more nerve than the
men, in my opinion.”

The Mauch Chunk was badly damaged.
Her forward rails on both sides were
snifshed to the deck, the deck was ripped
up a distance of ten feet, part of the forward
cabin on the port side was stove in and her
steering gear was disabled. After landing
her passengers she made at once for Com-
munipaw and there laid up. Capt. Griffin,
her commander, made a verbal report of
the accident to Superintendent of Ferries
Perry, who made public this account of
the mishap:

“The Mauch Chunk was on her 56:58 trip
to Whitehall etreet and had got within half
her length of the Northfield’s pier, so Capt.
Griffin tells me, when he saw the North-
field start to come out. It is a rule of the
two ferries that in the case of a boat ap-
proaching her pier and one just about to
go out the latter shall alwaye wait until
the former has paseed her pier. Capt.
Griffin had a streng tide with him, which
made it all the moré@ important that he
should have had the right of way. In-
stead, he saw the Northfleld starting out
and immediately blew one whistle, meaning
that he intended-to cross her bows, and
with the added meaning in the case of a
boat situated as the Northfield was that
sue was to stay in until the approaching
vessel had got by. The Mauch Chunk
was going at half speed at the time, just
slowing up to make her pier.

“Capt. Griffin as he blew his whistle also
gave the signal to reverse engines, but it
was too late for this to do much good. The
Mauch Chunk struck the Northfleld, as I
understand it, almost bow on. The tide
that was running strong gave the boat
enough impetus to make it a hard shock,
despite the fact that the engines had been
reversed. After the blow the Mauch Chunk
backed away and the Northfleld went up
the East River under her own steam. Be-
fore the Mauch Chunk could get her engines
going ahead again to give the other boat
any assistance she had already been é6ur-
rounded by tugs, and Capt. Griffin decided
that he had better get into his own pier
as soon as he could, as his boat seemed to
be almost as badly wrecked as the other,”

 

CAPT. JOHNSON ARRESTED.

The Skipper of the Northfield a Prisoner at
, Old Slip Station.

Capt. Johnson of the Northfield was
arrested late last night on a charge of
criminal negligence. The police of the
Old station were infor by the
Olciela’ of the Jersey Couteal that Capt.
Griffen of the Mauch Chunk, whose home
is in Jersey City, would be in court his
morning. ae

THE WESTFIELD DISASTER.

 

 

Yesterday's Mishap Recalls One of Years Ago
That Was More Serions.

In the disaster of July 30, 1871, on the Staten
Island line, when the boiler oh the Westfleld
exploded, the number o! killed was eighty-
one and of those injured nearly two hundred,
Of the elghty-one at least sixty were blown
overboard and drowned or killed outright
by the steam from the wrecked boiler, The
others died within a day or two of their in-
juries. Among the latter was Deputy Sheriff
John Madden of Brooklyn. He died of burns.
The e¢xgplosion on the Westfeld occurred
just as she was about to pull out of her slip
at the foot of Whitehall street with about
three hundred passengers aboard. Amon
the passengers were Mayor I, C. Carroll o
Syracuse and the members of his City Council,
who were here on an oMecial junket. They
all escaped.

When the Pennsylvania Railroad ferry-
bout Chicago was sunk in the North River
just after midnight on Oct. $1, 1899, In a col-
lision with the steamship City of Augysta,
only four lives were lost. There were about
one hundred on board. Most of them were
saved by the deck hands and the drivers of
the big trucks that were being ferried across
the river

 

GLAD TO STEAL FOR CHARLEY.

 

A Girl's Confession of Theft aad of Its Motive
Surprises the Police.

Agnes Walters, u pretty eighteen-year-old
girl, was held for the Grand Jury by Re-
corder Hauenstein of Union Hill, N. J., yes-
terday for stealing $¢0 from David Braun-
schweiger of Main street and Bergenline avo-
nue. The girl admitted stealing the money.

“Several Sundays ago,” she sald, “I met
Charley Brown of 158th street and Third
avenue, New York, at Little Coney Island,
near the Guttenburg racetrack. I took a
fancy to him and I have met him often since.
Yesterday I met him and gave him the 960,
and I am not sorry I stole it, because he
thanked me and said he would always re-
member me.”

“Are you not ashamed of the poaition you
are in?” asked the Recorder.

“Not in the least,” replied the girl, coolly.
“Variety in life is what I have always craved,

apa a short sojourn in prison /* variety,
Charley needed the money, and I was glad
to be ablé to help him,”

Agnes was taken back to a cell preparatory
to being removed to the county jail. She
spent the day partly in tears and partly in
alnging popular songs, She has told con-
Aicting stories of her life to the polloe, who

are inclined to think she is somewhat de-
mented. Meantime they are searching for
Charley.

 

JURY ORDERS A PACK OF CARDS.

Couldn't Agree and Determined to Decide
the Case With Three Games of Seven-up.
INDIANAPOLIA, Ind, June 14.—The case of
Eliza Amich against the city, the New Tale-
phone Company and the Indiana-Bermudez

Asphalt Company for $25,000 damages for |

injuries received by the plaintiff, has been
on trial for several days in the Superior Court
and for the last @ixty hours the jury has
been deliberating It developed this morn-
ing that the jurors had sent for a pack of
cards and were then engaged in playing,
and inquiry by the court showed that the
jury had stood five to seven in favor of the
fa(ntift for two days and since that time

ve stood six to eix without any hope of
reaching an agreement It was then deter-
mined f aubmit the matter to a game of
chance and a pack of cards was ordered
and three games of seven-up Were to decide
the case, the Jurors belong six and sit on a
side and the game belog the best two in
three

Judge Carter learned what was going on
while the first firs was being plaved, and
when the bailiff intimated to th» jury that
the Court might inquire into the method
adopted to reach A verdict, the game wae
abandoned and this afternoon the jury was
discharged without having reached a verdict

Free With Sanday's Brooklyn Eagie,
June 16, a 72-Page Summer and Winter Mustravea Re
Mrectory, conta
complete

sort I . ning particulars of nearly 4,000
Natale houses. tue shout
Refee iit routes w teeta —aen

¥ ;

(rrr

 

 

————————

TIPS OVER IN DkY DOCK:

TRANSPORT INGALLS RUINS HER UP-
~ PER WORKS-WRECKS TWO DOCKS.

 

 

One Man Killed, One Mortally Wounded and
More Than Thirty Others Hurt —Carelesd
Handling of the Vessel—The Bilge
Blocks Slipped aad the Shoring Saapped.

The United States transport Ingalls
tipped over indry dock in the Erie Basin
yesterday afternoon, where she was await-
ing repairs. One life,was Inet and twenty-
five or more men were seriously injured,
The top hamper of the transport was pretty
thoroughly smashed up, and it will take
several montha to put her in serviceable
shape again. The accident was caused by
a careless adjustment of the hilge hlocks
under the ship, and by recklessness in at-
tempting to adjust the shoring timbers
along her sides,

Tho Ingalls since her last trip to Cuba
has been lying at the Government pier
in Brooklyn. She went to the Erie Basin
yesterday morning for a goneral over-
hauling. She was run into section 6 of
the dry docks, owned by the New York
Dry Dock and Repair Company, which
is known as the “balance dock.’ The New
York Dry Dock and Repair Company is
the general corporation which controls
the property formerly owned by the John
N. Robins Company, of which Mr. John N.
Robins is now the manager.

The Ingalls was taken into the dock
bow foremost. ‘The work of pumping out
the water from the pontoons of the dock
was begun a few minutes before noon,
Seldom or never, according to the testimony
of the old salts who hang around the Erie
Basin, hag a ship been made ready for
work so expeditiously,

By 2:30 o'clock the dry dock had been
raised until there was but a fathom or fo
of water under the vessel,

It was then discovered that some of the
shoring timbers which extended from the
sides of the dock to the rail of the vessel
were too short, There were three or four
short timbers on the port side and the
Ingalls began to tilt to the west. Instead
of supporting the ship with timbers of the
proper size, it was thought best to correct
the vessel's tendency to lean by another
method. Cables were attached to her
capatans and passed around winches on
the starboard side of the deck. Then the
engines were started and an attempt was
made to put the stip in an upright position
by main strength. Apparently too much
main strength was used, and the big veseel
was swung past the perpendicular,so that
she had aslight list to starboard. Then,
owing to carelessness in the adjustment
of the bilge blocks,one or more of them
slipped and the ship heeled slowly over
on her starboard side.

A hundred or more workmen, carpenters,
scalers and painters, were at work inside
and outside of the Ingalls when the acci-
dent™happened: The carpenters, thirty-
five in number, were inside the hull, There
were seventy-five painters and scalers
hanging over the sides In swinging scaffold-
ings. A good deal of the scaling off of the
rust on the top sides of the vessel had been
done in the Government dock, so that the
painters were able to go to work at once
without waiting for the scalers to clear their
way for them.

The firet warning that came to the work-
men was the snapping of one of the star-
board shoring timbers amidships. The
report was like that of a small cannon.
As she settled over, other shoring timbers
anapped ono after another, and the work-
men began to shout and scream in terror.
The only witness of the accident who
seemed to preserve a clear notion of what
happened was second officer Gray of the
steamship Madiana, which was in the dry
dock on the west side of the Ingalls, Mr,
Gray was on the port side of the Madiana,
and so was as far as he well could be trom
the Ingalls. When he heard the crash
of the breaking timbers he ran across the
deck of hia own ship and, according to his
account, this is what he saw:

“The transport was siipping over to

starboard slowly but omer, There was a
tremendous crashing and crunching of
breaking timbers. 6 men on the under
side of the ship as she heeled were ecream-
ing wildly for help, Those on the side
toward us, who were, comparatively speak-
ing, in no danger, were hanging on for
thelr lives and making very little noise.
Before the side of the transport struck
the dry dock, the men began to pour out
of her hatchways in a stream. Once out
they ran wildly up and down the port rail
scrambling along the sloping deck as best
they could, and striking out flercely when-
ever they came in on® another's reach,

“Thera were two men on the starboard
side of the dry dock when the ship began
to tip over, and | was sure some of the
rig ing or masts or the smokestack would
tal sipon them and crush them, They
ran out on the deck as fast as their legs
would ca them, and the last | saw of
them they fumped from the end of the dry
dock into the basin and ewam out to a tug.

“To the east of the dry dock in which the
Ingalla rested was tho steamship lona.
The dry dock in which the Iona rested
was h ch out of the water, and the western
side of it was - fair and square by
the foremast of Ingalls, ‘The fore-
mast broke, but not until it had made a
wreck of the other dry dock, and had cut
into the Iona's top hamper. The smoke-
stack of the Ingalls caught on the e
of her own dry dock, buckled and at length
pulled out from the deck, rivets and all.

All these things had happened within
about half a minute of the snapping of
the firat shoring timber. For ten or fifteen
minutes the yard Was a pandemonium,
Men ran around in circles, and shook their
fista at one another and shouted. Every
little while carpenters and painters, maimed
and covered with blood, came staggering,
out from under the ship's side or crawling
through her port doors begging for help.

Policeman Matthew urphy of the
Hamilton avenue station who was out-
side of the yard when the accident hap-
pened, ran into the yard at the first alarm,
and, taking inthe situation at once, went toa
telephone and told his commanding officer,
Capt. Cullen, what had happened. Capt.
Cullen called on Seney, Brooklyn and Long
Island College hospitals for ambulances,
and when he learned that there were only
seven ambulances available, asked for the
services of the patrol wagons of the three
nearest police stations. Then he went
to the Erie Basin and took charge of the
rescue work The captain found Mr
Robins and his superintendent, Mr.
MeGillivray, almost distracted with ex-
citement. He asked them how many
lives were lost. They did not know, but
at his suggestion they sent a force of men

Chicago to San Prancisco
without change by the “Overland Limited,” every day
in the year, tla Chtongo & North western, Union Pa-
eife and Southern Paciie Rys — Particulars at Nort-
Western Line OMece, 461 Brandway —Ade

Vermont's Rivers, Moun ) Lake.
Book of A. W. Berlepione, 8 2 Agt, $00 Bway,

4

 

|

{

through the ship and around the dock
to pick up the d and wounded, One
man's head and shoulders were crushed
under the “ee side. He was Martin
Anderson, a painter, of 69 Vandyke street.
He was when he was found. A num-
ber of men who weve too badly hurt to
help themselves were lifted out to dry land.
By this time the northeast corner of the
dock had tilted down and was beginnin:

to fill with water. And it was apparen

that the dock, transport and all were bear-
ing down heavier and heavier on the Iona,
Nearly all the machinery on the starboard
ride of the dock had been crushed by the

Is.
Yater was let into the dock so that the
pressure could be relieved. Before the
strain on the Iona and the Iona’s dock was
overcome, however, the at rail of
the Ingalls was under water.

It was with the utmost difficulty that
Capt. Cullen and his man found out the
cause of the accident. He finally learned
enough to satisfy himself that the accident
was due to a faulty placing of the bilge

An effort was made by a number of news-
paper reporters to get a statement with
regard to the accident from Mr. Robins,
but Mr. Robins was so much agitated that
he could tell little or nothing.

“I wont tell you a damn thing,” he said
to the first reporter who approached him.
“No, you can wait around here a thousand
yoare, but no statement will be made as to

ow this t happened. If any employee
of mine tells I'l! *harge him.

“How many men were killed?” asked a

reported,

That's nor» of anybody's damn business
but mine,” said Mr. Robins.

Then he called on Capt. Cullen to “put
every ved out of the yard” who was not
mploy there. Capt, Cullen did not
move with alacrity, and Mr. Robins, who
between grief and excitement, was by
this time nearly hysterical, shou' to
Mr. McGillivray: g

“Pick out every man in this yard who
doesn't belong here, and throw him over-

We have three hundred men here
and T guess we can do as we please.”

“Mr. Robins,” said the Police Captain,
“you must not try to do any throwing
overboard while I am here.”

Mr. Robins calmed down for a moment
but was so worked upon by the sight of
the wives and children of his workmen
weeping outside the gates of the yard
that he called on a squad of men to drive
them a block away in either direction.
Among those who were driven away while
trying to learn what had become of her
husband was the wife of Martin Ander-
son, who was killed, Mr. Robins said
afterward that he was sorry to have treated
her unkindly, but that he had been almost
beside himself with annoyance.

The list of casualties follow:

KILLED.
ANDERSEN, MARTIN, 45 years, 60 Van Dyke
street, crushed head and shoulders.
INJURED,

CABSINO, BASSANTIO, 50 years, Coney Island,
right leg broken; to Seney Aospital.

CONNOR, JOHN, 38 years, 102 Dikeman street,
Brooklyn, contusion left hip; to Long Island College
Hospital.

GOILLON, MICHARL, 34 years, 200 Columbia street,
Brooklyn, all Mugers smashed; to Seney Hospital.

HiGains, Henry A., 45 years, 255 West Thir-
tleth street, Manbatttan, left shoulder and hip broken;
to Seney Hospital.

MCKANN, EDWARD, 35 years, 605 Union street,
Brooklyn, face slashed; to Brooklyn Hospital.

MILLER, BERT, 47 years, 83 Bowery, Manhattan,
spine injured, interna! injuries, will die; to Long Island
College Hospital.

MILLER, WILLIAM, 21 years, 301 Avenue C, Man-
hattan; to Seney Mespital. i

OLSEN, ERASMUS, 6S years, 68 Centre street,
Brooklyn; eight ribs broken, internal injuries; to
Seney Hospital.

PIKe, NENRY, 34 years, 737 Cornell avenue, Brook-
lyn; injury to spine; to Long Island College Hospital,

Sirn, AMOS C., 60 years, 11387 Third avenue,
Brooklyn: Internal injuries; to Brooklyn Hospital.

WILLIAMS, CHARLES, 60 years, 71 Van Dyke
street, Brooklyn; left ribs broken, head out; to Long
Island College Hospital.

Eighteen others were attended by am-
bulance surgeons and sent to their homes,

The Ingalls was formerly the British
steel steamship Clearwater. Her gross
tonnage was 1,147, She was 240 feet
long, with a beam of 33 feet and a depth
of 12% feet. She was built in 1894 at New-
castle. She was used in the fruit trade
and was known in her earlier days as “the
Louisiana lottery boat,” because the re-
sults of the drawings in Wonditras were
made known on her arrival at New Or-
leans, Some said the drawings were made
aboard of her.

The dry dock in which the accident hap-
pened is said to have been built in 1850
and to have had but few modern improve-
ments,

 

WAR ON MOSQUITOES.

 

Baltimore Health Authorities Appeal for Ex-
termination —Fairfield, Conn., Aroused.

Bartimore, June 14.—flealth Commis-
sioner Bosley has issued an appeal to the
people asking their codperation in the ex-
termination of the mosquito, Ae advises
evory householder to pour one gill of kero-
sene oll into all wells and a proportionate
quantity into all pools and drains where
stagnant water may collect, at least once
every two weeks. Theoll, he says, will form
a film over the surface of the water, which
is fatal to the young of the mosquito and
will cause the death of the female mosquito
when she attempts to deposit her eggs

Baiporport, Conn, June 14,—Fairfleld
one of the oldest towns in Connecticut, where
many wealthy New Yorkers have summer
residences, has a mosquito plague, which
in point of sevority rivals that of any in New
Jersey. Although mosquitoes have never
been strangers in Fairfield, they have never
been numerous. To-morrow a meeting will
be held in the Town Hall, under the auspices
of the Village Improvement Society, to de-
vise ways and means for the extermination
of the mosquitoes. A subscription paper
haa been circulated to obtain funds to bear
the expense of engaging experts for the
work of extermination. There has been @
ready response to the request for funds.

STRIKE ON CANADIAN PACIFIC.

 

6,000 Men, Inclading Foreren and Track-
men, Will Quit Work on Monday.

MontnraL, June 14.—A general strike of
the section foremen and trackmen employed
on the Canadian Pacific Railway system
was ordered to-day to take effect at 6 o'clock
on Monday morning next. President Wilson
of the Brotherhood of Railway Trackmen,
sald to-day, that as a result of the order 5,000
men, including foremen, trackmen and bridge-
men will lock up their toola on Monday
morning and stop work, The men asked for
an increase averaging 20 cents a day

President Wilson left for Portland this
afternoon to look into the strike of the track-
men on the Maine Central. He will return
to Montreal on Wednesday to direct opera-
tions. All negotiations will now have to pass
through President Wilson as head of the
brotherhood

 

 

926,000 Verdict for Breach of Promise.

lLingnty, Mo, June i4--A jury in the
Clay County Clreult Court to-day gave Lena

Broyhill of Kansas City @ verdict for $25,000 |
in her breach of promise suit against H B |

here on
Norton

Norton, The sult was brought
change of venue from Kansas City
is a railway postal clerk

Underberg-Bobnekamp Bitters.
Best appetizer, famous for 60 years. — Ade.

Myles Standish Ginger Ale.
tT counoiaseur's choice, Decauge it doesn'| burs.
=A

 

 

 

MORE RAIGS THIS MORNING.

Police Take 120 Prisoners From Two Third
Avenuc Dance Halls.

Police Inspector Kane and Capt. Gannon
of the East Twenty-second street sta-
tion with a squad of twenty men raided
two Third avenue dives this morning and
got 120 prisoners, most of whom were
women.

The first raid was at 239 Third avenue,
a dance hall known as “Billy's,”
of which William Shaugnessy is the
alleged proprietor. Twenty prisoners
were taken there. The other raid, made at
2:30 o'clock, was at the Sharon, 136 Third
avenue.

From this place the police took away six
patrol wagon loads of prisoners, including
one load of Chinamen and another of men
in women’s clothing. Most of the other
Prisoners were women.

The Sharon is the worst dive on the
East Side. There is a dance hall on
the lower floor and up stairs
an alleged Chinese restaurant called
the Shanghai. Michae) Ryan, a Tammany
politician on the East Side, ie the
alleged proprietor of the Sharon. The
place has been open for two years
with the exception of four weeks two
months ago, when it was closed because of
a tip, said to have been given by a detec-
tive, that it was about to be raided.

 

 

CAN'T BE A CHRISTIAN IN POLITICS.

poten
Mr. Abbott, Counciiman in McKeesport, Pa.,
Resigns Because of His Conscience.

McKeesport Pa. June 14.—Harry L.
Abbott, member of McKeesport Common
Council from the Eleventh ward, resigned
his seat in that body to-day because he does
not believe a man can be a Christian and
be a member of Council at the same time.
To serve his constituents, he says, a man
must stifle his conscience,

Abbott is a printer, employed on the
McKeesport Daily News. He has been in
the City Council since April, 1900. Before
that he served several terms in the oilty School
Board. He was always elected by the unan-
imous vote of his ward. Regarding his
resignation, he says:

“My resignation is purely a matter of con-
acience. It is my determination to live
a ‘ife void of offence to God and man, To
do so it becomes necessary to obey the Di-
vine injunction: ‘Come ye out from among
them and be ye separate.’ I have found
that {n order to be of use to my constituents
to secure needed improvements for my dis-
trict | must stifle my conscienoe, enter into
cliques and schemes and become a low poll-
tician. I cannot do that and have resigned.

“Politics is the most corrupt thing I have
ever been mixed up with. I am out of it
forever. Ihave separated myself, and my
conselence is satisfied. Others may not
agree with me, but I know that no Chris-
tian can sit in the McKeesport councils and
save his soul.”

 

PRAYED AND THE CHILD DIED.

Christian Sctentists Blamed for Causing a Girl's
Death Through Neglect.

Manion, [nd, June 14.—As the alleged
result of receiving no medical attendance
during sickness, Sadie Lautz, the seven-
year-old daughter of Mr. and Mrs, E. G.
Lautz is dead at the home of her parents
in this city The parents are Christian
Scientists, It is said they abided by that
faith during the iliness of their daughter,
They sat by the bedside praying and read-
ing and Jet the child die.

The neighbors say that the first illness
of the child was last Friday, when it con-
tracted a heavy cold which terminated in a
case of diphtheria, The child's condition
was 80 serious on Thursday that the neighbors
notified the police that the Christian Scientiats
were treating a siok person and a humane
officer and city physician went to the Lautz
home and examined the child and notified
the parents that they must give it medical
attention. They did not heed the notice
and the child died early this morning, while
the parents and other Christian Scientists
surrounded the bed and offered prayer, read
and sang

 

——

WILL ANNOY ROCKEFELLER NO MORE.

————

Saloon He Has Often Tried to Buy Out Loses
Its License.

Tarrytown, N Y, June i4—John D,
Rockefeller is pleased over the decision of
Justice Dykman of the Supreme Court at
White Plains, who signed an order to-day
cancelling the liquor tax certificate of John
Melin of North Tarrytown. The petitioner
for the revocation of the license was Nor-
man Plass, who alleged that Melin had sold
whiskey on Sunday and that he had further
violated the law in having screens before
his barroom

Melin's saloon adjoins John D. Rocke-
feller’s estate Mr. Rockefeller has tried
to buy the property many times, but Mellin
has asked a prohibitive price

————

PRESIDENT MORTON | GIVES $350,000.

 

This Makés 145,000 From Fim for the Chem-
foal Bailding at Stevens Iastitute.

At a meeting of the Alumni Association
of Stevens Institute, Hoboken, last night,
it was announced that President Henry
Morton had donated $50,000 toward the erec-
tion of the new chemical building, which
will be bullt {n the fall This makes $145,000
which he has subscribed for this purpose

The commencement week exercises of the
institute began yesterday afternoon with a
reception to the faculty, alumni and gradu-
ating clasa

 

WISCONSIN MAY BEAT ILLINOIS,

 

It Is Expected the Battleship WU! Develop a
Speed Close to 18 Kpots,

Baw Francisco, Cal, Juno 14 -Tt ts ox-
pected by nava) officials that the new battle-
ship Wisconsin, which left port to-day for
her trial trip, will surpass the revord of the
Illinois and will prove the swiftest battleship

in_the navy

The battleship made 1*6 knots an hour
for two hours while on her way to this port
from Puget Sound last Tuesday in an or-
dinary sea Qnd wind, and averaged 15 8 knots
for the entire trip, which occupied fifty-five
bourse Naval ohicials confidently expect
the Wisconsin to return from her final official
trial with a record very close to 18 Knota,

Barnum & Batley Circus for Parts,
Special Cadle Despatch to THe SUN

Panis, dune 4 —The Muntetpal Couneil
has approved the leasing of the Palagw of
Macbinery and Hall of bétes of the Exposi-
tion to the Barnum & Bailey Circus Company
for nine months. The company will take
possession on July }

 

Negro Lynched in Arkansas.

Jirtee Roek, Ark., dune t4.--A despatch
from Plummery ile this evening says that
a pegro Was lynched and shot to death to-day
near Cass in Perry county. He committed

j

an assault-on a colored woman near that |

place last Monday evening. Two days and

| two nights Were spent by a posse in pursuing

the fugitive, sist
"© SAAS EIRP iy

 

Showers and cooler to-day; fair © boyd

to- morrow.

 

—

PRICE TWO CENTS.

 
   

ee me

PROGRESS CLUB SELLS OUT:

B. HAGGIN BUYS ITS FIFTH
AVENUE PROPERTY.

 

JAMES

The Western Millionaire Will Probably Balld «
Palatial Residence There—Site One of the
Mest Desirable ox East Side of Central Park.

The Progress Club property at the north
corner of Fifth avenue and Sixty-third
street was bought yesterday by James B.
Haggin, the Western mine owner, through
hia broker, S. Goldsticker, for $735,000,
Mr. Haggin will tear down the clubhouse
and orect a residence to cost about $1,000,000,
The site has a frontage of 100 feet on the
avenue and 100 on the street, Ponseasion
will not be obtained for six months, so as
to give the club opportunity to secure new
quarters.

The Progrese Club was organized in
1964, and the house at Fifth avenue and
Sixty-third street was finished in 1800,
The club's membership, however, has
fallen considerably since then, part y owing
to the heavy taxes and other expenses of
maintaining a property which has gone up
tremendously in value, and about two
years agoit was decided to sel] the Fifth
avenue house and move into lesa expensive
quarters. A committee on sale was ap-
pointed, consisting of Levi Samuels, Presi-
dent of the club; Joseph Bloomingdale,
Meyer Jonasson, H. Hahlo, Loula Korn,
Simon Uhiman and 8. Frankel.

Mr, Haggin has made a number of im-
portant purchases of investment property
in New York in the past three years. One
of these comprised the site of the historia
Contoit's Garden on the west side of Broad-
way, two lots north of Leonard street.
This property, containing two five-story
stores of a date subsequent to the garden,
was sold at auction last year by the ex-
ecutors of the late Charles H. Contolt, wha
Was a son of the founder of the garden
and who left no direct heir, Jt was secured
by Mr. Haggin on a bid of $413,000.

 

KILLED A LITTLE GIRL YESTERDAY.

Killed a Boy Last Monday —August Nesbaumes
Under Arrest,

Margaret Almirall, the three-year-old
daughter of Reymond Almirall, an architect
with offices at 12 East Twenty-third stroet,
Manhattan, was run over by a brewery wagon
three blocks from her home in Brooklyn
yesterday afternoon and died late last night
of the injuries she received.

Margaret Almirall, whose parents live ai
481 Classon avenue, was out walking in charge
of her nurse, Susan Macpherson, The child
was in good spirite and ran out Into the
street. At Fulton street a wagon belonging
to the Consumers’ Brewing Company came
tearing along at a lively rate.

The nurse screamed to the driver, Auguat
Nusbaumer of 764 Classon avenue, to stop
his horses, but it is said he didn’t heed her,
The nigh horse struok the child, and the
wheels passed over her body. Both of her
legs were fractured and she was alsa
injured internally, She was carried to het
home by her nurse, but she never regained
conscioyeness and died last night. Nus-
baumer was arrested on a charge of homi-
olde.

On last Monday Edward ©. Boerman, ¢
years old, of 8 Prospect place, and Jame
Lyons, 6 years old, of 348 Prospect place were
run over by Nusbaumer’s truck at Wash-
ington avenue and Prospect place. The
Ryan boy died of a fractured skull and the
other was badly crushed. Nusbaumer was
out on bail for that.

 

 

WHERE IS MRS. BENNETT?

She Is One of the Heirs to Millions and Has Dis-
appeared Mysteriously.

Catcaao, June 14.—Mrs, Josephine Bennett,
who recently fell heir to part of a fortune of
$8,000,000, left by her brother, Peter Cartier
of Montreal, has diseppeared mysteriously,
Mrs. Bennett for several years had been liv-
ing with Mr. and Mrs George Strong of this
clty. In this home she oceupled to some
extent the place of a housekeeper, though
Mr. Strong and his wife had known her for
a number of years and treated her as an In-
timate friend

Last February she left the Strong reai-
dence saying she was gotng to visit some
relatives on the south side, and they thought
nothing of it until a few weeks Inter when
Mr. Strong learned that she had fallen heir
to the estate left by 4 brother. Since then
a diligent search has been made for the woman
but so far unsuccessfully.

 

 

4

SOUTH CAROLINA SLAVERY CASES.

Planters on Trial for Imprisening and Whipptag
Negroes Who Worked for Them.

CouumsBra, 8 C, June 14.—The Anderson
county “slavery” cases were disposed of
to-day—all except that against J, 8, Fowler,
one of the largest planters in the county, who
insisted on going to trial on the charge of
false imprisonment to establish his right to
imprison a man !f that man {s willing to be-
come a prisoner. In the other ten cases the
accused planters pleaded guilty to assault
and battery, were fined $50 each and as-
charged

Solicitor Boggs had many negro witnesses
to prove the charges as to assault and illegal

imprisonment. They had been confined tn
stookades without baving been conv or

tried for any crime and had been

The fendants ‘admitted the w «
The Solicitor entertained no hope of wt ing
the petit jury to follow the course of the
Grand Jury and find againet these lanters,
eo he took the plea they ay Se fo make.
Fowler claims the right to lock up fands whe

hire themselves to him and has gone to
BOSTON.

 

to settle that point

 

EARL OF DUNMORE IN

_--——

He and the Countess Come to America te At-
tend Christian Science Mertings.
Roston, June I4.—Among the saloon
passengers who arrived on the steamship
New England to-day were the Earl and
Countess Dunmore. The Farl ts a fine looking
man, apparently about 60 years of age, with

gray beard and tmustache. The Countess is
apparently sevoral years bis Junior
We have come to America and to

partly that we might attend the Ch
Selienoe annual meetings that are to be
soon tn the Boston ohureh,” said he

Both the Earl and the Congpace of
vwiore have been converts of Mra Eddy or
several years = The Feri has peer publ ‘
: serie of grees in favor of the eult ia
ondon Mail,

Mrs. Stewart Gets 920,000 for Brokes Hip.
Wuite Prains, June i4--A jury ta the

Supreme Court at White Plains awarded
$20,000 damages to-day to Mre. Sarah E
Stewart against the Metropolitan Street Rail-
way Company for a broken hip whigh ahe re-
ceived by being thrown from a Lexi n
avenye car in January of last year, and which
crippled her permaneotiy Mra Stewart
ia a widow and the daughter of the late Mil
jonaire A. T. Albro of New York

Beginning Sunday, June 14, the orate for
the Adirondack Mountains end Mon «MD ieee

 

 

crand Central Station at 6.25 instead of 7:30 a8 at
ley yy There will be a dining car ea wala.

 

aa