= . “-
VOL, LXXIIL—NO, 77,

   

=

strike Resumed and Revolu-
tion Is Dangerously Near.

——_—_—_—_—_——

OUTBREAK FEARED TQ-DAY

 

40,000 Workmen in the Capital
Ready for Demonstration.

 

°
Government
serve Order Except by Force of Arms

Admits Its Inability to Pre-

- Loyalty of the Troops Now Likely to
Be Put to the Test Foreigners Hurry-
Steamer
Raliways Tied Up
Polish Poltt-

ing From the Country by

Most of the

Odessa Alsoin Disorder

{eal Leaders Under Arrest at Warsaw.

Special Cable Despatches to THR SUN
St PETERSHURG, Nov. 15. ~The men in
pl organized employments to-day obeyed
the summons of the council of workmen's
delegates for a general strike, About forty
thousand workmen quit work here.
The railroads to Finland and Moscow

and some suburban lines are working, but:

The Moscow
A

all others have stopped.
line is likely to he closed to-morrow.
few street cars are running irregularly.

There is much anxiety regarding the out-
come of the new strike. The general feel-
ing is that it will not be passive, as was
the recent one. One hears the word “revo-
lution” with ominous frequency. The fact
that winter has begun rather severely and
the knowledge that lack of money must en-
tail great suffering cause fears that the
sufferers will take violently what the strike
prevents them from earning, Everything
fseems to depend on the steadfastness of
the troops and their judicious handling.

Numbers of citizens desirous of leaving
the city have crowded the railway stations
and shipping offices. A majority of them
were unable obtain berths on either
trains or boats.

to

FOREIGNERS TRYING TO GET AWAY.

Foreigners trying to reach the frontier
have been prevented by strikers blocking
the track with an overturned freight car.
British ship agents have refused numbers
of intending passengers, saying their ships
are full, and that there is not room even for
children.

The Russian Lasmann steamship line is
asking double fares. Many persons who
want to sail on its steamers are unable to
pay the increased charges. ;

The ice will cut off St. Petersburg from
the sea in ten days or a fortnight. After
that time, if the strike lasts, the only chance
of escape will be by means of sleighs.

The British Embassy is discussing with
the chief members of the British colony
means of safety. Efforts are being made
to arrange to send all single women out
of the country.

CZAR AND FAMILY LEAVE PETERHOP.

The Czar and Czarina and their children
have left Peterhof for Tsarskoe-Selo,
fifteen miles south of the capital.

The newspapers did not appear to-day.
The electric light is partly cut off.

The men of the Putiloff Iron Works
threaten to attempt the release of the
Mutineers who are in prison at Cronstadt.

Fifteen high officials met at the residence
of Count Witte to-day to discuss the ques-
tion whether martial law should be de-
clared in St. Petersburg.

CAPITAL IN TERROR,

Lonpox, Nov. 16.—The St. Petersburg
correspondent of the Daily Mail predicts
ferious trouble there. Preparations have
been made, he says, for fierce street fighting.
Batteries of machine guns have been or-
dered out. Terror has seized upon Russians
and foreigners alike. There was an abso-
lute panic at the bourse on Wednesday.

Officials at the Ministry of the Interior
declare that they can guarantee nothing,
#ast of all the preservation of order.
Everybody is looking to his revolver, but
the workmen, revolutionists and the Black
@ang are all well armed.

The workmen, egged on by the strike
Committee, threaten to make an armed
demonstration with half a million men on
the streets on Thursday afternoon.

Every day sees the situation narrowing,
every hour quickens the advent of massacre
Qnd a reign of terror.

Thursday

on Wednesday were an incitement to a com-
mune The revolutionary hand is now
Taised even against Count Witte, who con-
Trust in Provi-
dence and machine guns is the only conso-
ation he affords to the terrified population,
Regiments are back from Cronstadt, leav-

Ing

Their last words before closing

fesses },js helplessness

the mutineers there uncowed and in-
efficiently guarded.

The Government's last stan@ will be made
in St Petersburg because countless millions
of scrip, money and the administrative,
naval and military property are here.
Between these huge hoards and the com-
mune flow stands alone the army, on whose
oyalty all depends. The authorities are
determined to repress rigorously all at-
tempts at di sorderly demonstrations Thurs-

day, The choice therefore rests with the
trike committee whether there will be
Peace or bloody anarchy.

Delegates of the workmen are holding
meetings in a dozen parts of St. Peters-
Their cerneanor is confident.
“Nanimously Ceclare for an armed struggle,

—

burg

 

Insist upon having Burnett's Vanilla, —Ade,

 

TERROR IN RUSSIA

|

  

+NEW YORK,

 
   
 

while 50,000 roughs chuckle at the prospect
of anearly harvest of blood and pillage.

The strike committee is urging the stop-
page of the telegraphs,

DISORDER IN ODESSA,

A despatch to the Standard from Odessa
says that despite the honest endeavors of
the new civil governor insecurity on
the streets day and night is increasing,
The military and police patrols assault and
rob citizens, Military discipline is becom-
ing alarmingly lax,

The consuls are keeping steamers under

their respective flags in the harbor ready to !

embark foreigners who are nervous and de-
pressed,

The Telegraph's St, Petersburg corre-
spondent, whileadmitting that!the situation
is again extremely acute, does not take the
tragic view of some of the other corre-
spondents. He asserts that the
men's committee has found it has
much of its former authority over the men,
a large number of whom strongly oppose
the peremptory order to strike again. The
workmen are beginning to feel that no
industry or trade can prosper if the opera-
tives throw up work whenever they are dis-
satisfied with some law or person. (on-
sequently the workers in several factories
have protested against the committee's
order, which they seem inclined to disobey.

The correspondent believes the committee
will be defeated this time, and saye he even

hears threats of violence against the strike |

organizers by a patient, hard working sec-
tion of the employees. The British work-
men, of whom there are a considerable
number in St. Petersburg, are convineed
there is no present danger to themselves, nor
is there likely to te in the future, but they
have decided that it is advisable as a pre-
cautionary measure to remove their women
and children, The Hubbard firm is sending
the women folk home at its own expense.
The correspondent does not deny that
there is uneasiness and fears of ruffianism,
but he attributes them largely to the absurd
talk of irresponsible persons in England.
The real danger is that the continued ten-
dency towards disorder in the revolutionary
strikes, despite the concessions which have
given the people legal channels for re:nov-
ing their grievances parliamentarily, will
lead the Czar and the government to the
conclusion that the conditions indispensa-
ble for the success of representative institu-
tions do not exist in Russia, and that the
only alternative is the recall of reactionary

Ministers who will not hesitate at extreme |

measiires
CZAR TO HOLD COUNCIL TO-DAY
A council of the Ministers will be held
at Tsarskoe-Selo to-day, the Czar presi-
ding, says the correapondent of the Tines,

to discuss measures for dealing with the |

situation. The correspondent intimates
that the abandonment of the poliey of re-
preasion, the removal of martial law through
out the Empire, the immediate and
amnesty of political prisoners, and the
early convocation of the Zemstvo eon-
gress as an advisory hoard, pending the
introduction of reform measures, are
essential conditions for the appeasement of
the country.

 

POLISH LEADERS ARRESTED.

Government Takes Steps to Restore Order
at Warsaw—Strike There Called Off.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THE Sun.

Warsaw, Noy. 15.—The police at 2 o'clock
this morning arrested the Polish leaders,
Count Tyszkiewicz, editor of the Libiski,
and Jantzen, a manufacturer. The Polish
daily newspaper Gomec and the Ruasian
daily Zapadylgolos have been suspended.

The arrests caused great indignation,
but there have been no disorders.
garrison has been further strengthened.

The employees of the Vienna and Vis-
tula railways met this afternoon and de-
cided to suspend the strike, resuming
work to-morrow. The Union Unions
will be consulted regarding further action.

The reasons given for the decisioh are
various The formal resolution stated that
it was because the Government, by pro-
claiming martial law, was trying to provoko
rebellion to the oppression, but doubt-
lees the suffering of the
was among the principal motives. The
speakers pointed out that resources were
exhausted and tho workmen and _ their
families were threatened with starvation.

of

Others argued that it would bea'patriotic |

step because if communications were re-
stored and trade reawakened the threatened
“Prussian invasion” would be averted. A
considerable minority opposed resuming.

The decision is a great relief to the trades-
men, whose shops have been closed for
three weeks. Many of the shops have al-
ready been reopened. Others will open to-
morrow.

 

—_———

RUSSIAN CHURCH'S SORROW.

Has Always Condemned Violence Against
the Jews.

Spectal Cable Despatch to THE SUN.
Lonpon, Nov. 15.—Antonius, the Metro-
politan of St. Petersburg, replying to the
Archbishop of Canterbury's letter of sym-
pathy with the Russian Church in regard

to the disturbances in Russia, says:
“The Russian Church mourns over her

children, in whom civil strife has darkened |

the commandment of Christ regarding love
and good will to our neighbors, whoever
they may be, whether our fellow believers

| or disbelieving Jews, all violence against
; ! whom it has always condemned and con-
No ne wspapers will be published here |

demns with unalterable steadfastness, as
opposed to law, piety and the duties of civil
life.”

MUTINY MENACES AT HARBIN.

 

 

Russian Soldiers Revolting Against Officers
Shoot Two of Them,
Curcaao, Noy. 15.—A Pekin special cable-
gram to the Daily News says
“Russian, troops in northern Manchuria

, are copying the methods of those in Vlad-

!

'

ivostok, for they are revolting against their |

officers. Riotous soldiers shot two officers
in an outbreak a few days ago, and Harbin
is threatened with an extensive mutiny,
The oppressive conduct of the officers,
joined h their high living and abundant
supply of wine, provokes the troops, who
are suffering from bad rations, insufiicient
clothing and paper soled boots.”

“DECREE WITTE'S DEATH.
Reported Action of Revoluttonary Soctal-
iste at Moscow.

4, Special Cable Despatch to THK SUN
Panis, Nov. 15.—A Merlin despatch to the

Aurore says that a national league of revo-
lutionary Socialists, formed at Moscow,

 

Tr | has decided upon the death of Count Witte.
They }

DEWEY'S RICH CLARET WINES
Will add to the enjoyment of your dinner.
H. T. Dewey & Sons Co., 188 Fulton St., New York,
—Adp.

work- |
lost |

full |

The }

workmen |

THURSDAY,

END OF ODELL’S LEADERSHIP,

|

| THE FEDERAL ADMINISTRATION
| WILL IGNORE HIM,

! Senator Platt to Be Recognized in Making
Appointments Wm,
|
'

 

peals to the President
thing to Rid

to Do Somes

WASHINGTON, Noy. 15.—Senator Thomas
Cc,
afternoon, saw the President by appoint-
ment to-night at the White House and had
a long talk with him about the situation in
| the Republican party in New York, produced
| by the leadership of former Governor

Benjamin B, Odell, Jr. It was a highly
| Satisfactory conference to Senator Platt.
| There doesn't appear to be any doubt that
Mr. Odell's day as a leader has ended, and
Mr. Platt regards the former Goyernor as
already politically dead. After coming
from the White House the Senator declined

to say anything about Mr. Odell's status. |

He didn’t think it worth while.

“What is the use,” he said, “of talking
about a man who is down in the grave with
the earth falling over him? Let us rather
stand by with bared heads and watch the
obsequies,”

While no authoritative statement is forth-
coming from the White House in regard to
fhe President's feeling toward Mr. Odell,
it is evident from what is known that Mr.
Odell, in spite of his nominal position as the
head of the New York Republican organiza-
| tion, can obtain no support from the Federa}
| Administration.

The revelations concerning Mr. Odell
made before the Armstrong investigating
committee yesterday by James Hazen
| Hyde, his deal with the Hearst forces in
the recent New York campaign and the
scandal which has attached generally to his
management of Republican politics in the
State have not passed unnoticed in the
inner Administration circle, and the con-
ditions produced are such that President
Roosevelt, he & declared to-night,
cannot afford longer to recognize Mr. Odell
(as in any way being entitled to the claim
of a spokesman for his party.
| It was intimated to-night by a prominent
| New York Republican that a meeting of the
| State committee would be called soon for
of the

 

 
  

sO

the purpose ousting Odell from

chairmanship.

politics in their State pretty thoroughly.
They talked about Odell's mismanagement
| of the party, but did not discuss it from the
! standpoint of the revelations made hy
| James H. Hyde

about, and the statement can be made
; emphatically that the President will
recognize Senator Platt in recommenda-
tions for Federal offices, and if men fa-
vored by Mr. Platt are not acceptable to
| the President, he will let Mr. Platt select
| other men who are acceptable. In other
| words, the President will not appoint any-

who is not recommended by Mr. Platt.
He so declared to a prominent New York
Republican to-day.

The conference between
and Mr. Platt was devoted in part to the
appointment of successors to United States
Distriet Attorney Burnett and United

the President

District of New York, whose terms will
expire soon.
trict Attorneyship was not
but, in view of the President's decision to
follow Mr. Platt's advice in such matters,
there can he no doubt that a man acecept-
able to him will be appointed. Mr. Platt
reiterated to the President his indorsement
of Robert Morris for the District Attorney-
ship. Refore going to the White House,
| Mr. Platt said he was strong for Mr. Morris.
James A. Sheffield, who is here to-day,
has notified the President of the with-
drawal of hia candidacy, and as for N. A.
Elsberg, the fact that he is indorsed by Mr,
Odell! disposes of his chances,

There is no opposition to the reappoint.
ment of Mr. Henkel. Senator Platt is for him,
| and although an authoritative announce.
| ment that he will be nominated by the Presi-
! dent for a second term has not been made
| that event seems to be certain,
| Mr. Platt came here for the express pur-
| pose of seeing the President. He will re-
turn to New York to-morrow after having
a taik with Secretary Root about the politi-
ca! situation in New York
| his eonferonce with the President to-night.
Mr. Platt went to the White House deter-
mined to have the President understand
that Odell's leadership could no longer con-
tinue, ant there is reasen to believe that he
made himself perfectly clear on the sub-
ject. ‘

William Barnes, Jr., of Albany also saw
the President to-day, for the purpose of
appealing to him to do something to rid
the party in New York State of the baleful
effects of Odellism. Afterward Mr. Barnes
made this important statement:
| “The President said emphatically and
seriously that he would recognize no one
but Senator Platt in making appointments
in New Vork State, and if Senator Platt
| proposed men whom he could appoint these
men would be appointed.”

The discussion of the
conclusive,

DEPO: ODELL!

 

 

The “Albany Journal’? Wants Him Put

|
| Down and Out.
|

ALBANY, Nov. 15.--The Albany Journal,
Republican organ, in an editorial article,
says this evening:

| The only. question that is to be at all con-

| sidered is/whether Mr. Hyde told the whole

| truth and nothing but the truth.

If he did, then it is in order for the Repub-

; lican party of the State of New York to depose
Benjamin B. Odell from his position of leader-

| ship and exclude him from its coancils for

| all time.

|

DROVE OUT THE CHINESE,

Mining Camp in Nevada Raises the Cry of
the Yellow Pert.

Reno, Ney., Nov. 15.—Olinghouse, a new
mining camp east of Reno. has sent out an
ediet that Chinese are not wanted, Every
Chinese in the district has left and one who
failed to follow his countrymen this week
received orders to depart immediately.
lt is understood he demurred, and that night
his cabin was burned.

It is asserted that the Chinese area menace |

to the high wage standard such as the 200 or
more miners now in the distriet want. A
miners’ union is to be organized at once,
The Chinese who lost his cabin and was
forced to leave is now in San Francisco and

writes that he is taking up the matter with |

the Chinese Consul,

NOTHING QUITE DOUALS FT,

The Twentleth Century Limited, the ts hour
train between New York and Chie ago by the New
York Centra: Lines. Leaves New York 3.30 V. M.,
30 neat morning—a@ night's ride,

| arrives Chicago §
e- Ade.

NOVEMBER

Barnes, Jr., Ape |

the Party of Odetiism, |

Platt, who came to Washington this:

The President and Senator Platt diseussed |

Federal appointments were also talked |

body to a Federal office in New York State |

| Di Marshal Henkel for the Southern |
TDis- |

|

|

|

!

supplementing |

16,

   

| THINKS WEBER WAS MURDERED,

Coroner Betleves Wealthy Brewer's Rody
Was Placed on Hatiroad Tracks.

| That Constantine Weber, a wealthy
| Brooklyn brewer, who was run over by
ia Long Island Railroad engine in Glendale,
| 1. I., the evening of September 25, was
| murdered is the belief of Cororner Leonard
Ruoff, Jr., of Jamaica. Coroner Ruoff,
after hearing testimony yesterday, ad-
journed the inquest until December 5,
to allow the police and the District Attorney
to make further investigation,

The engine which ran over Weber was in
charge of Van Baylis of 61 Jackson avenue,
Long Island City. At the inquest yester-
day Baylis said that when he saw the man
on the tracks it was impossible to avoid
running over him. ‘The man's neck, he
said, was on one of the rails and the wheels
of the locomotive severed the head from
the body.
as possible and ran back, He was sur-
prised, he testified, to find that the body
| was cold and that there was no blood.

A rigid examination will be made by
Distriet Attorney George A, Gregg and by
the police. The latter are inclined to
scout the theory of murder, but they do
| not explain why the brewer of reputed
| wealth should have been found with noth-
ing in his pockets save a handkerchief,
a little pocketknife, a wooden snuff box
and a cigar ticket.

 

| LABOR BACKS UP ROOSEVELT.

American Federation Approves President's
Stand for Railroad Rate Regulation.

PrrrspurG, Noy. 15.--The American Fed-
eration of Labor to-day set its stamp of
approval on the action of President Roose-

 

velt in the matter of regulating freight
| rates. Delegate Brookshaw of North Caro-
lina introduced a resolution yesterday

before the resolutions committee which
called a halt on the President's aggressive
measures And demanded that he leave the
regulation of rates to the railroads,

The resolution was vigorously attacked
in committee by Jere L. Sullivan of Cincin-
nati and others, who alleged that Dele-
gate Brookshaw was employed by the
associated railroads to bring the resolu-
tion before the convention. Inthe conven-
tion to-day the resolution was offered and
a wotion was made to have it referred to
the executive council, A motion was made
to lay the resolution on the table, which
was passed with only one dissenting vote.

DAY FOR

 

 

PRINCE,

The Drake

| QUIET THE
to Rhinebeck to Rest
a Warship Again.
Rear Admiral Prince Louis of Battenberg
has attended his last official entertainment
in New York. He is resting at Ferncliff,
Mrs Astor's country place at Rhinebeck-on-
the-Hudson. Friday night he comes back
to town to dine with Mrs. Astor and Satur-
| day he sails. He will be on exhibition no
| more
| The’ young and beautiful of New York are
| full of rhinitis and quinine to-day, for the
| Percentage of colds caught to guests at-
| tending at the Drake's ball was about 87.
| The Drake looked yesterday like a whaler
|

| Goes

after a heavy catch. Tho caterer’s men
were carting off the bunting fromthe Cunard
pier; the sailora, in their ordinary working
overalls, were carting off oil stoves char-
| coal braziers, bunting and bottles, and the
| marines were scrubbing every corner of
j the ship. The tide rift which floated away
' fromthe Drake earried a long line of flowers,
|

|

|

| demolished sandwiches and pass* dance
programmes The Drake is a warship
again.

Yesterday brought a cold wind and a
choppy sea. All the warships save the
Missouri of the American fleet cut off visit-
ing privileges. It was felt that the landing
was too dangerous. The Missouri accom-
modated a fair crowd. A guard of blue-
jackets stood at the gang ways ready to
resciia any Visitors who might go under
from the crazy littlé boats.

Before he started for Rhinebeck Prince
' Louis had a session with a dentist in West
Thirty-ninth street. In that tactful way
of his he said that he had kept his dental
work for an American: he had heard that
the American dentists were so good,

The committge which ran the celebration
of the bluejackets and marines at Coney
Island had about $200 left in the treasury
after defraying all the expenses, This will
be turned over to some nava’ charity.

DANCE FOR BRITISH OFFICERS.

Mr. and Vrs. Frederick W. Whitridge En-
tertain Them,

Mr. and Mrs. Frecerick W. Whitridge
gave a dance last night at their home, 18
Fast Fleventh street

Mrs. and Miss Whitridge received in the
wide hall outside ef the ballroom. Supper
was served in British fashion, from midnight
on. Among the invited guests were Prince
Alexander, Flag Jaeut, Sowerby and Capts,
3yrne, Kerr, Kinghall and Pierce.

GOT BACK HER LOST PEARLS,

Acrobat Found Them Where Miss Fowles
Dropped Them at the Hippodrome.

Miss Gertrude Fowles, daughter of
Charles S, Fowles, an art dealer at 205 Fifth
avenue, drove with her father from their
home, at 671 Park avenue, to the Hippo-
drome on Tuesday evening and occupied
a box there. Miss Fowles wore a pearl
necklace worth $5,000, which was the prop-
erty of her mother. The necklace was
missing when she got home. The carriage
went back to the Hippodrome, but the
place was closed and no one was about
save a watchman,

Mr. Fowles notified
son, of Thompson & Dundy, about the
matter yesterday at noon. Late m the
afternoon one of the performers went into
Thompson's office and said:

“[ hear you are looking for a necklace,
Well, Bill Nest, an acrobat, who is up against
it, in telling his friends about his good luck
in picking up a string of pearls outside of
this place.”

A little later Nest arrived at the Hippo-
drome, having heard that he was wanted.
Mis: Fowles was there. Nest said he had
picked up a string of pearls early yesterday
morning just outside the carriage entrance
of the Hippodrome in Forty-third street,
He put it in his pocket, went home,and went
tosleep. Inthe morning, he said, he looked
in the newspapers to see if the necklace
was advertised,

He found no advertisement and later in
the day he pawned the pearls in a loan office
| in Forty-second street. He turned over
the ticket, which showed that he had got
| only $18 on the pearls, Nest said he could
have got much more, but didn't want to,
because he expected in time to find the
owner,

“Fact is,” said he, “that I needed that
$15, and Lintended to pay it back to whoever
owned the necklace as s00n as | got a job.”

Deerin asked Miss Fowles if she wanted

Nest arrested,
' “Arrest him'" she exclaimed. “Why
‘arrest him? lll cénsider_that money a
reward, and perhaps when I have redeemed
the necklace to-morrow morning I may
add to it. I think this man is honest,®

 

Frederic Thomp-

Baylis stopped his train as soon |
| servant,

 

 

 

 

 

SHOT AT A DOG, HIT A WOMAN.

PLAIN CLOTHES MAN'S RAID
LEADS TO HIS ARREST.
Capt. Dooley's Story of the Confilet With
a Poodle and Two Bull Terriers That
a Woman Looged on His Sleuth -Six
Women Also Are Made Prisoners,

 

'

John Pryor, a plain clothes policeman
of the Tenderloin, is a prisoner there,
charged with felonious assault, after a
wild time in Mary Zimmerman's house in
West Twenty-fourth street.

With the locking up of the policeman
came the arrest of the Zimmerman woman
and five other women, a story about three
dogs—two said to be extremely ferocious

-and the removal of Mary Rose, a negro
from the house to New York
Hospital with a gunshot wound on the
right side of her head. Pryor shot her.

As to what really happened, Capt. Dooley
gave out in his own way,and briefly, all the
details that transpired,

Pryor, according to Dooley, was sent out
with another plain clothes man, O'Hara,
to get evidence against certain suspected
places in the precinet. He went into the
Zimmerman woman's place and, after
a while, showed at the front door and blew
his whistle for help. As he did this, so the
tale runs, the Zimmerman woman called
down the stairs leading to the basement
and ordered Mary Rose to “unchain the
dogs.” Pryor disposed of a poodle with a
kick, but two Boston bull terriers fought
so hard, so the captain states, that Pryor
shot one of them, and hit the negress.

Detectives Hawkins and Owens hap-
pened to be standing on the corner of Sixth
avenue and came in. With their assistance
the dogs were chained up again. An
ambulance took the negress to the New
York Hospital. The wound on her ead,
Capt. Dooley says, is very slight and there
really was no necessity, he thinks, for her
removal to the hospital

During the mixup, so Cept. Dooley goes
on to say, one of the ferocions dogs turned
on Mrs. Zimmerman and bit her on the
finger, badly lacerating that member.

After the servant had been sent to the
hospital the sleuths took possession of the
house and sent for Capt, Dooley. When
he reeched the place a consultation was
held. It lasted nearly an hour, it is said,
and then the patrol wagon was called.
Zimmerman woman and the five others were
taken tothe station and locked up.

Pryor came in with them and walked
into the back room. The women were ar-
raigned at a time when several eporters
were inthe station. None of them dis-
played a dog bite and nothing was said then
about dogs. It was a long time afterward
when Capt. Dooley in response to questions
gave out the story of the dogs and the
shooting.

 

 

EIGHT MEN HURLED TO DEATH.

 

Disastrous Gas Explosion tn a Pennsyl-
vania Coal Mine.

MONONGAHELA, Pa., Nov. 15.—-By an ex-
plosion of natura] gas in a new shaft being
sunk for the Braznell Coal Company of
Pittsburg, just north of this place, eight
men were blown to atoms and three others
were fatally injured at 3:30 o'clock this
afternoon,

Three shafts are being sunk together.
Two weeks ago natural gas in large quan-
tities was discovered by the workmen,
and it was several days before it could be
controlled and the work continued. It
was thought that no gas was escaping, but
sheathed lamps were used by the workmen
so that there could be no danger of an ex-
plosion,.

The shaft had reached a distance of 195
feet. There were six men at the bottom
of the shaft at work. S.H. Newman started
down to do some work at a depth of about
twenty-five feet. It was thought there
would be no danger of gas at that depth
and he worked by a naked torch. Sud-
denly there was a terrific explosion, All
of the machinery was forced out of the
mine by the explosion. The three men who
were injured were working at the mouth
of the shaft. One of the men killed was
standing at the entrance.

PRODIGA L BRINGS HIS OWN CALF.

 

 

New Haven Man Returns After 28 years,
Having Saved &17 500 From the Husks.

New Haven, Nov. 15.—After an absence
of twenty-eight years, in which time his
family had heard nothing from him, Joseph
Kost walked into his home here on Sunday
with $17,500 in his pocket. He found that his
son John, a youngster when he left home,
had been killed as a railroad employee two
years ago, and that both his daughters
were married.

None of his family recognized him and
he had to show identification papers. They
had given him up years ago for dead. Kost
went West to make money. He made two
fortunes at different times in the Alaskan
gold fields and lost them there. The money
he brought home he made in San Fran-
cisco. He said that he wrote home several
times, but no letter ever reached his family.
He will go into business here.

JOSEF HOFFMAN MARRIED.

The Pianist and Mrs. Marie Eustis Wed at
Atx-les-Bains,

A private letter received in this city yes-
terday told of the marriage of Josef Hoff-
man, the pianist, to Mrs. Marie Eustis two
weeks ago at Aix-les-Bains. Their engage-
ment was announced last summer, but they
were not to be married until next spring
according to their original plan.

Mrs. Eustis was the wife of her cousin,
George Eustis, from whom she was divorced
three years ago. She is a sister of Miss
Lydia Eustis and a niece of the late Senator
Eustis. Josef Hoffman made her acquaint-
ance last summer while visiting at Hemp-
stead. Their engagement was announced
soon afterward.

 

 

PREPARE TO HANG MRS. ROGERS,
Governor of Vermont Orders the Gallows
Made Ready for the Third Time.
Rvurianp, Vt., Nov. 15.—Deputy Sheriff

D. D. Hazen of South Royalton has received
official notice from Goy. Bell to prepare at

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1905.

Rain foll

owed by fair to-day; fair to-morrow;
southwest winds,

 

 

The |

onee for the execution of Mra, Mary Rogers |

on December 8,and work will begin at once
erecting the gallows for the third time at
Windsor prison,

Gov. Bell's order to Deputy Hazen is taken
to mean that the State officials have little
hope of the United States Supreme Court
allowing the petition for a writ of habeas
corpus for Mre, Rogers,

\

' gases from the firebox.

 

1905.—Copyriatt, 1905, by The Sun Printing and Publishing Association,

COFFINED IN STEEL.

Mass of Metal Supposed to Contain Paris
of Bodtes to Have Regular Burial.

PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 15 —Two weeks ago
John Forkin of 2010 Stella street and Joseph
Warde of 3041 Newcomb street were work-
ing in a crucible pit at the Midvale Steel
works, While they were at the bottom
80,000 pounds of molten steel was released
and fell upon them,

The men must have been converted into
ashes and gas in the fraction of a second,
Not even a button was found, The Cor-
oner'a jury to-day gavea verdict of death
by accident.

The Midvale company has caused to be
cut away from ths mass in the crucible the
bottom of the casting, which fell directly on
the men, and which is supposed to contain
fragments of their bodies, This weighs
8,000 pounds and will be buried in the yard
of the stee) plant as a token of respect to the
dead workmen The families of both
wanted it done, and regular funeral services
will be held over the steel.

WOODVILLE FLEMMING KILLED.

 

 

Lawyer Falls Under the Wheels of a Train
at Woodhaven Junction,

Woodville Flemming, 59 years old, a
lawyer with offices at 220 Broadway, Man-
hattan, who lived on Surf avenue, Edge-
mere, was instantly killed yesterday by a
Long Island Railroad train at Woodhaven
Junction. A crowd of commuters saw the
tragedy.

Passengers transferring from Rockaway
and Edgemere trains for Brooklyn descend
a stairway from the trestle to reach their
trains. A Brooklyn train was just pulling
into the Woodhaven Junction station yes-
terday morning when Flemming saw it, and

he ran down the stairs three at a time. |

Near the bottom he tripped and fell forward
under the wheels, His body was ground
to pieces,

 

SHAKE-UP BY COL. AUSTEN.
Captain Retires and Eight Privates Are
Discharged From the 18th Regiment.

Col. David F. Austen of the Thirteenth
Regiment Heavy Artillery, in Brooklyn,

has given Company A,among whose mem- |

bers there has been considerable friction
for nearly a year, asevere shake-up. Capt.
James A. Stewart, at the request of Col.
Austen, has handed in his resignation, and
eight members of the company, who were,
as alleged, the chief instigators of the
trouble, have been dishonorably discharged.
Col. Austen said that the only way to avoid
friction in the companies was to drop the
men who provoked it.

MIMIC BLINDNESS BECAME REAL.

 

Niece of Ex-Minister Conger Stricken
After Acting Role of Blind Bertha.

Des Mornes, Ia., Nov. 15.—Mrr. Elizabeth
Conger Heaton, niece of E. H. Conger,
ex-Minister to China, last week took part in
a dramatization of Dickens's “Cricket on
the Hearth,” playing the part of Biind
Bertha.

The night the play was given Mrs. Heaton
was praised for the intensity of her acting.
To-day while walking on the street Mrs.
Heaton discovered that her vision was
gone. She procured assistance and was
taken home and medical assistance sum-
moned. It was found that she had been
stricken with retinal division, that thesight
of one eye is gone and that the most expert
treatment may be unable to restore the
sight of the other. Mrs. Heaton is but
23 years old.

 

DEATH ENDED HER WEDDING.
Young Woman Goes Through Marriage

Ceremony as She Is Dying.
RattTiMORt, Nov. 15.—While on her
deathbed yesterday Miss Lulu Lotz,

daughter of Mr. and Mrs. J. Fred Lotz,
went through the wedding services of the
Fpiseopal Church with her flancé, Herbert
W. Bentley. A few minutes after the
ceremony Miss Lotz died.

They were to have been married in two
weeks. The young woman was stricken
with pneumonia last Wednesday. Sunday
night her physicians agreed that death
was only a question of a short time. When
she learned that she could not live Miss
Totz asked her fiancé, who was at her bed-
side, to put on the wedding ring and go
through the marriage service.

WILL TRY SENATOR BURTON,

New Trial Decreed Just in Time to Prevent
His Escaping by Statute.

Str. Louis, Nov.15.—United States Circuit
Judge Van Devanter to-day overruled
the demurrer filed by attorneys for United
States Senator Ralph Burton of Kansas.
The case will go to trial béfore Judge Van
Devanter on Monday.

The statute of limitations would have
become operative Saturday, and had the de-
murrer been sustained it is not probable
that another indictment could have been
returned by the Federal Grand Jury in time
to bring Burton to trial again on the charge
of accepting money to influence the Post
Office Department in behalf of the Rialto
Grain and Securities Company when that
concern was being investigated.

180-FOOF STACK,

 

  

GIRL CLIMBS

Accepts Schoolmates’ Dare and Gets a
Wide Outlook on Life.

WATERBURY, Conn,, Nov. 15.—Fifteen-
year-old Grisella Held, chief in all the inno-
cent mischief in her class in the east dis-
trict grammar school in Rockville, answered
a dare of her classmates yesterday and
climbed to the pinnacle of a big stack of the
Springville Manufacturing Company's plant.

The stack is of concrete and nearly 180
feet high. Grisella is the daughter of
Alfred Held, mechanical engineer of the
Springville company. The father heard
the story of the dare, encouraged her to
take the step and accompanied her much
of the distance on the hand over hand
ladder system,

TWO DEAD IN) DRIFTING BOAT.

 

 

Fishermen Find a Steam Launch -Men |

Asphyxtated tn the Cabin,

Eoo Harpor City, N.J., Nov. 15.—Oyster-

men found the steam launch Jubilee drifting
out to sea to-day, and when they boarded
her they discovered Capt. John Sauer of
this place and his friend Jahann Dietrich
lying dead in thecabin. HowWthe men were
killed is a mystery, but there is nothing to
indicat» foul play.
. Bot! men had been dead for some time.
It is thought that they were asphyxiated by
The cabin was
slightly disarranged, but there were no
signs of a scuffle.

 

nee RSS ———=—=
PRICE TWO CENTS.

HARRIMAN
FACES HYDE.

—_——- ————

Admits the Dicker With Odell,
But Denies the Sand-

bagging,

 

   

 

 

HYDE REASSERTS IT ALL.

 

Recalled to the Stand, He Refuses
to Change His Testimony.

coed

 

 

Harriman Says That He Talked With Odell

About the Latter's Shipbuilding Suit,
It Was at Hyde's
Initlattve Urged the Latter Net to
Let 85,000 Stand in the Way—Found
Odell Willing to Oblige—Saw HRoosee

but He Declares

velt About the Ambassadorship, but

Merely asan Act of Friendship— Offered
to Buy Stock, but Only to Help Hyde.

Fdward H. Harriman, appearing as a
witness before the Armstrong insurance
committee yesterday, flatly contradicted
all the accusations mado against him by
James Hazen Hyde.
| He denied that he had advised the settle.
| ment of Odell's Shipbuilding suit against
the Mercantile Trust Company for $75,000;
he denied that he had ever warned Hyde
that the Mercantile's charter might be
revoked through powerful political influence
at Aibany, and he denied that he had ever
taken the initiative in any way in the nego-
tiations for the settlement of the Odell
sult.

Mr. Harriman declared that he had not
conspired against Hyde to obtain control
of the Hyde majority stock in the Eauitable;
and said that he had, on the contrary,
tried to advise and counsel the young man
in every way possible against dangerous
influences with which he had surrounded
himself.

!

Mr. Harriman admitted that he had
visited President Roosevelt in regard to
Hyde's appointment as Ambassador to

|

|

| France, but said that he had done this not
in an effort to railroad Hyde out of the
country but merely as an act of friendship.

Mr. Harriman gave it as his belief that

Odell also did something in regard to the
| Hyde candidacy for the Ambassadorship
| shartly after the Odell suit had been settled.

Mr. Harriman denied one by one Mr.
Hyde's charges as they were read to him in
Mr. Hyde's own words. Mr, Hyde listened
attentively to Mr. Harriman’s declarations.

| When the railroad magnate’s examination
; was concluded Mr. Hyde stepped up on the
| stand, reiterated many of the charges
| which he made on Tuesday and declared
| emphatically that he did not desire to change
| a word of his previous testimony.

To determines which of the witnesses;
| Hyde or Harriman, is telling the truth
| is not a matter for the committee. That

would come ordinarily under the jurisdio-
tion of the District Attorney's office. Mr,

Jerome refused last night to comment on

the proceedings of the day.

ODELL ANXIOUS TO TESTIFY.

That Chairman Odell will appear before
the committee within a day or so is certain.
The committse received a communication
from him yesterday asking for an oppom
tunity to testify.

Mr. Harriman prefaced his’ testimony
in regard to the Odell Shipbuilding scandal
with the statement that he had not read
any of the evidence given by any of the
witnesses and that consequently his mind
was “entirely fresh on these subjects, with-
out any prejudice.”

Mr. Hughes called for a detailed state-
ment of Mr. Harriman's recollections.

“Mr. Hyde came to me,” said Mr. Harrie
man, “I think, with Mr. Deming (Henry C.
Deming, president of the Mercantile Trust
Company), and asked me if [ would not use
my influence to try to get Gov. Odell to

| Mr. Hyde's statement to
me was that Odeil suit was dangerous
to the Mercantile Trust Company in that
it might induce other suits to be brought
| by other people that had been subscribers
| to the Shipbuilding combination.

“I agreed with Mr. Hyde that [ would
see Goy. Odell, which I did, and arranged
lan interview between them, which took
| place in one of the rooms of my office. I
' was not present. I know nothing about
| the conversation that took place between

Goy. Odell and Mr. Hyde. I think Mr.
| Colby (Bainbridge Colby) was with them,

and the only thing that I know of that

conversation was that when Goy, Odell
came out of the room he asked me who Mr.
Colby was, and I did not know exactly, but

settle that suit.
tha

ets

 

Ltold him | believed he had something to do
with the law department of the Equitable.

“ ‘Well,’ said he, ‘it seems very strange,
he is the whole Equitable and Mr. Hyde is
nothing. He was the man that stated what
they would or would not do and seemed to
be irritated.’

“I was finally approached again some days
after that by Mr. Hyde and Mr. Colby; who
come to my office and stated that they still
desired to get this matter out of the way;
and Mr. Colby'’s remark to me was ‘I want
you to understand, Mr. Harriman, that my
first offer is my best.’

“What he meant by that I do not know.
I made no reply to it, but I told Mr. Hyde
that I would again see Gov, Odell and try
and get him to do something about settling
the suit.

“Finally—I do not remember whet her any
figure was named to me or not, but they
had another interview somewhere uptown—
it may have been at my house—at which I
was not present, as I did not want to know
| anything about it. In the end Mr. Hyde
| told me they were willing to pay $70,000,
and would not I try to get Gov. Odell to
accept that amount, which I did, and as I
recollect it Gov. Odell told me that if I spe-
cially desired it that he would do so.

 

 

ODELIL OBLIGED HARRIMAN,

“ ‘Well,’ I told him, ‘I do not want to be
put in that position.’ Then he went into
some detail that he would have to pay
lawyers’ fees out of it, and, anyway, if I

 

  

GOLD SEAL CHAMPAGNE — America's
Favorite -possesses a punrency, bouquet and
cparkilng bead equalled by no other.~-Ade,

»
i
i
\
|
y
ty

  
 

ee
. eee : -
SSeS SS Te ae Rtage
i a el ll ES

ipa

 

;
4
‘3;
+
4
;
i
‘

 

 

   

 

   

eS

ss

Ai
i
|

{

1

A

|

3

'

{

J

/

B

'

7

a

-_

i 7

, @

; ¥

2 ¥
4

ie

(Of

5 ae
the
Kt
a!
!