“VOL. LXXX.—NO. 348,

WHITMAN PUT
OUT OF HEALY’S

Prosecutor Ousted With
, Diners in Fourth Police
Raid on Restaurant.

HE PROMISES WARRANTS

Wild Disorder Again as 250
Men and Women Are
Driven to Street.

 

 

 

 

GUESTS FIGHT POLICEMEN

Dishes Smashed and Clothing
Torn as Patrolmen Clear
Out Dining Room.

 

District Attorney Whitman was one of
250 persons who were forcibly ejected
from Healy's restaurant at Columbus
avenue and Sixty-sixth street soon after
1 o'clock this morning.

Twenty-five uniformed policemen,
headed by Police Inspector John F.
Dwyer and acting Capt. Hart of the West

+ Sixty-eighth street station, had made
their fourth descent on that place to en-
force Mayor Gaynor's cafe curfew order.

The police apparently had no intention
of throwing Mr. Whitman out as he had
come as an Official. Inspector Dwyer
afterward begged his pardon. The inci-
dent was typical of the rush which the
«police made upon the diners,

There was in many instances rougher
handling of men than yesterday morn-
ing when the police made their third
descent. The raid this morning was the
fourth within five days since the Justices
of Special Sessions held that Mr. Healy
was within his rights as a hotel keeper
in serving food without liquor after 1
A. M.

Whitman Central Figure.

The crowd was larger, the excitement
greater, the confusion more tumultuous
than yesterday morning. While there

' were many Instances of hard scuffing
between the police and diners, overturn-
ing tables, smashing of furniture and
dishes, District Attorney Whitman was
really the centre of the raid thie morning.

He had gone there at the invitation of
Mr. Healy and after he had consulted
with Magistrate Deuel, who yesterday
afternoon announced in the West Bide
Court he would issue warrants for the
arrest of policemen who roughly handled
diners at Healy's and would charge them
with oppression and with assault and
battery.

Mr. Whitman was plainly shocked by
the scene in the restaurant. In answer to
appeals that were made to him by men
who were being carried or dragged from
the restaurant he announced that they
could have warrants for the police to-
day. While Mr. Whitman himself would
make no criticiam of what he saw—his
impressions were plainly discernible by
the expression of hig face—Thomas
Healy, proprietor of the restaurant, is the
authority for the statement that Mr.
Whitman would be in court to-day to help
in the prosecution of the police for their
treatment of guests at the restaurant
end for their raid on the place.

The District Attorney ‘arrived at the
Testaurant shortly before 1 o'clock, ac-
companied by Richard Harding Davis.
He was in time to hear a policeman an-
nounce that all diners must be out by 1
“clock @s the doors would be closed at
fiat hour. He was greeted with loud
cheering, as he posed for various flash-
}zhts in the dining room. He saw out-
side Inspector Dwyer and his twenty-five
policemen ready to carry out Mayor
Cavynor's 1 o'clock closing order.

At 12:59, by the District Attorney's
own watch, Dwyer and his men atarted
into the restaurant and, spreading out
fanlike, began to rush men and women
from the hostelry. At first Mr. Whit-
man was not disturbed but he was jos-
tled from side to side as policemen in
kroups of two, three and even four
hustled men from the place.

Promises Warrants.

As a strapping man hustled by three
cops was going past the District At-
torney, the man shouted to Mr. Whitman:
“How about this, Mr. District Attorney?
Can we get a warrant now?”

. _ “You'll get your warrants all right,” the
District. Attorney replied, but the man
scarcely heard him, for by that time he
Was on the sidewalk.

Then Mr. Healy, excited, rushed to
the District Attorney and asked:

“Do you see this outrageous treatment?
Come closer to the door and see how
my patrons are being handled.”

Mr, Whitman moved towards the door
a8 cops everywhere were busy roughly

+ ending the diners and he said to Mr.

ealy; Ce

“Are you getting the numbers of the
officers?”

“We are,” replied Mr. Healy,

In the next Instant there was a crash
of a table as John Black, a friend of Mr.
Whitman's, sought to evade the police-
man, ‘The District Attorney looked over,
f4w two cops grab Mr. Black. But Black,
4 powerful man, shoved them away.
Another officer Jumped to the assistance
of his two colleagues.

1 ‘See! Three cops art at him,” shouted
the crowd, The word was passed along,
but still Mr. Black held his own against
the odds, More tables were upset, more
dishes were smashed and not until seven
Policemen surrounded Biack was he
finally hurled to the sidewalk. By this
time a dozen had gathered
‘round the District Attorney. The police-
men not observing the man in the centre
of the group made a V wedge and in the
nest instant Mr. Whitman and his com-
panions were on the sidewalk.

There was a lull then and the District
Attorney succeeded in getting back into
the :estaurant, where more scufling was
kong on, The police quieted for a
moment and then Inspector Dwyer, who
had been in the rear of the room, suddenly

Lennon ey
Dcmiaass Cepiinusd om-Fourth Page .  .

i

 

 

+44

J. F. AUCH’S SOK, 18, WEDS.

|GAYNOR
TAKE NOMINATION

 

Reading OMeial’s Boy Regrets Elope
ment in Seaside Romance.

PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 18.--It became
known to-day that John Raymond Auch,
the eighteen-year-old son of John PF.
Auch, vice-president of the Philadelphia
& Reading Railway, eloped last week
with Mies Edith West, a trained nurse
several years his senior.

The elopement was the termination of
& seaside courtship. The couple became
acquainted four weeks ago at Stone Har-
bor, N. J. The marriage took place last
Friday in the “Little Church Around the
Corner,” in New York, with the Rev. Dr.
Upjohn officiating.

Young Auch came to Philadelphia to-
day and went to the home of a cousin,
where he told his troubles and declared
that he would be willing to tear up the
marriage tificate and call off the mar-
riage. He discussed the whole affair
sadly and admitted that he did not know
what to do. The bride, who had been
left at Stone Harbor, seemed very happy
when interviewed. She said that she
and her husband probably would make
their home in Baltimore.

If there is any chance to institute an-
nulment proceedings it is believed that
Auch’s parents will grasp the opportunity.
His mother is particularly strong in her
denunciation of the minister who per-
formed the ceremony.

Young Auch says he was able to obtain
the license by representing himself to be
of age.

HALF HIS BUSINESS T0

 

WIFE FOR HER ADVICE

 

MANY LEAGUES

 

 

Question Will Be Put Up to
Him by Backers Next
Monday.

 

FOR HIM

 

Friends Think 15,000 Names to
Petition Will Make
Mayor Accept.

 

Mayor Gaynor is expected to stand up
on Monday and say that he will take
an independent nomination for Mayor.
Men from the various Gaynor leagues
have planned to call upon him, put the
question to him frankly and go away
with their answer. They had no doubt
yesterday but that he will say yes.

Thus far, the Mayor has made no pub-
lic avowal of candidacy. In a long state-
ment made six weeks ago he sald he
didn't expect a nomination from any
political party and that his fortunes

seemed to rest with the independent
voters.
Soon after the statement appeared R.

Ross Appleton, president of the Four-
teenth Strect Bank, started the Gaynor
Fusion and Nominating League, which
later came out with a large membership

Unusual Agreement Shown in land with influential backing. The Mayor

of Banker.

 

The appraisal of the estate of Sender
Jarmulowsky, who was in the banking
business on the East Side for forty years
and who died, on July 1, 1912, shows
that he left property worth $501,053. The
most Interesting feature of the appraisal
is an agreement entered into by Jar-
mulowsky and his wife, Rebecca, in 1899
by which he gave her half the business
to compensate her for her services as
constant adviser and assistant for many
years. Under the terms of her husband's
will Mrs. Jarmulowsky not only gets half
the income of the banking business until
her death but. receives $10,000 a year
additional.

Mr. Jarmulowsky divided all his per~

sonal property among his five children
and his wife. The children are Meyer,
| Albert and Louis Jarmulowsky, sons, and
| Mrs. Amelia Clark and Mrs. Blume Et-
tinger, daughters.. They divide half the
income from the banking business, which
is put in trust until the death of the
two sons, Albert and Meyer, when the
business is to be wound up and distrib-
uted. The residuary estate is appraised
at $231,531.

He had $157,771 in his bank, of which
$100,000 was in special account and
$57,771 in a general account. The $100,-
000 was a special fund set aside by Mr.
Jarmulowsky for the protection of his
depositors in case the business should
be wound up and was not to be used for
any other purpose. In his will he di-
rected his executors to set aside a similar
sum to protect the depositors.

The appraisal showed that the total
assets of the bank at the time of Mr.

Appraisal of Estate

|

had nothing to say about the operations
of the league, but Mr. Appleton and his
associates went to work and have many
thousand signatures to an independent
nomination petition.

The Mayor's candidacy showed great
strength from the beginning, but the of-
fileers of the league felt that they were
handicapped by the Mayor's non-com-
mittal attitude.

One of the earlier plans was to have
the formal announcement come to-dag.
But they decided that it was better to
wait until they had 15,000 signatures.
That number would serve as a convincing
proof to Mr. Gaynor that there was a
strong public demand for his candidacy.

John D. Crimmins called on the Mayor
yesterday. When he left the City Hall
he had no comments to make on the pro-
gramme for next Monday. Neither did Mr.
Gaynor say anything about the plans of
hie friends.

Indorsed by Brooklyn League.

Mr. Gaynor was visited yesterday by
representatives of the Citizens League of
Brooklyn, which passed a resolution in-
dorsing his candidacy at a meeting on
Tuesaday night in Williamsburg. His
visitor included Henry Weiemann, presi-
Gent of the league; Nathaniel Levi, John
F. Becker, William J. Haviland, Jr., Otto
Wianer, Frank Obernier, Edward
Domachke, William H. Allen, William
Libermann, Joseph Barondess, Fred EF.
Heitmann and Harry Fisher,

Mr. Weismann told the Mayor that he
had been nominated at the meeting in
Arion Hall, Williamsburg, and that the
people needed him for four years more in
the Mayor's office.

“No Mayor before you has understood
so fully the feeling, the spirit, and the
wants of the vast multitude of your fel-
low townsmen, and none has ever been

Jarmulowsky’s death were $3,583,698, of | Willing and brave enough in both word

whieh the largest item, $1,228,936, was
in mortgages. The bank had cash of
$498,304. The profits of the business for
three years were $103,346, or an average
of $34,448 a year. Albert Jarmulowsky
testified that his father’s personality was
worth $50,000 a year to the bank, or
more than the profits. He said that the
bank has lost business since his father's
death. One of the assets of the estate
was a loan of $200,000 to Zimmerman &
Forshay, Stock Exchange members.

$25,000 FOR VICE-PRESIDENT.

Bill Introduced in Senate to Raise
the Salary.

WasHINGTON, Aug. 13.—A bill to in-
crease the salary of the Vice-President
to $25,000 a year, beginning January 1
next, was introduced in the Senate to-
day by Senator Saulsbury of Delaware.

It was referred to the Committee on
Privileges and Elections.

 

 

 

While the Federal Constitution prohibits
the President's salary being Increased or
diminished “during the period for which
he shall have been elected,” no such
prohibition is mentioned in the case of a
Vice-President,

KAHN TO BUILD $1,000,000 HOME.

House Will Be Opposite Carnegie’s
Dwelliag eon Fifth Avenee.

Otto H. Kahn has commissioned C. P.
H. Gilbert, designer of many dwellings in
Fifth avenue, to draw the plans for his
new residence, which ia to be built at the
north corner of Fifth avenue and Ninety-
first street. The elementary sketches of
the building have been finished, but not
until the work has progressed further
will the architect be able to give a close
estimate of the cost of the dwelling. It
is seid, however, that the cost will not be
less than $1,000,000.

The house will be on a plot 100 feet on
Fifth avenue and 145 feet on Ninety-
first street. Opposite is the residence of
Andrew Carnegie. It was from Mr. Car-
negie that Mr. Kahn bought the corner
two months ago. Mr. Carnegie bought it
aix years ago, together with other lots
near his home, to prevent them being
sold to persons who might make changes
that would detract from the character of
the section.

Mr. Kahn's house will be four stories
and of a classical style of architecture,
Gardens will be along the north and east
aides of it.

CLOTHES BASKET SAVES LIFE.

Bey Falla 40 Feet and Lands Une
hert ia Neighbor's Washing.

Bight-year-old Morris Nestman of 121
Siege) street, Williamsburg, was flying
his kite on the roof of his home yester-
day and having a lot of fun. The breeses
swept the kite skyward eo far that Mor-
ris watched it anxiously as he was drawn
unwittingly to the

A tenant came out and placed a backet
of clothes on the extension roof, fort:

 

 

 

feet below. A minute Jater Morris fell
em the roof and in the basket
clothes. He was ed.

$$$

and deed to aid those to whom but one
day in the week is given for recreation,”
said Mr. Weismann.

The Mayor thanked the visitor, but
made no promises. Hy next Monday,
however, the leagues will be able to show
him convincingly that his independent
nomination can be achieved.

. Foreigners Favor Gaynor.

The Gaynor League of Foreign Born
Citizens, one of the East Side organiza-
tions that have come out for his renomi-
nation, held a mass meeting lust night in
National Hall, Chrystie and East Hous-
ton streets, and put up the first Gaynor
banner in town. The league already has
2,300 members. They packed the hall and
Nstened to Gaynor speeches with great en-
thusiasm.

The speakers included Joseph Baron-
dess, chairman of the league and a mem-
ber of the Board of Education; Isidor
Stegeltuch, Rudolph Raskin, Elias B.
Rosenthal, Joseph Edelstein, Dr. Max
Girsdansky, a Socialist, and Louls Miller,
editor of an East Side paper.

They sald that the Mayor's work had
been felt especially on the East Side. They
commended him for the relief he had
given them from police tyranny.

The session on Monday will take place
five days before the Tammany city com-
mittee meets to designate a candidate for
Mayor. Mr.
the showing that they will be able to make
on that day will be convincing to the Tam-
many slate makers. Yet the assurance
came again from Tammany Hall yester-
day that Chases F. Murphy and his ad-

RXPRCTRD 10! == QUESTION IN CAUCUS.

GUST 14,

 

Democratic Senators Also to Talk
Tarif To-day.

WASHINGTON, Aug. 13.—Political in-
terest at the capital was centred to-day in
the caucus of Democratic Senators called
for to-morrow morning. The caucus was
called to consider the general tariff sit-
uation in the Senate, means for expedit-
ing the bill and to decide a course of
action in regard to the credentials of
Congressman Henry D. Clayton, ap-
Pointed to fill the vacancy caused by the
death of Senator Johnston of Alabama.

Senator Lewis of Illinois will bring up
the question of a recess as soon as the
tariff bill has been passed with the un-
derstanding that the session shall recon-
vene on November 1 or November 15 and
then take up currency legislation. Sen-
ator Lewis believes that a majority of
the Democrats in the Senate are in favor
of taking the recess.

The Senators closest to the Adminis-
tration, however, were advised that the
President has not changed his mind about
currency legislation at the extra session
and that if a recess is taken it will not
be with his consent. These Senators do
not believe that the caucus will be in
favor of a recess. .

Secretary Tumulty was at the Capitol
this afternoon. He called on a number
of Senators, but it was said that he
exerted no influence in the matter of the
suggested recess.

P. GC. KNOX HEADS LIST
OF SULZER’S LAWYERS

James Gay Gordon of Philadel-
phia Among Counsel for
Impeached Governor.

 

 

ALBANY, Aug. 13.—Gov. Sulzer to-night
announced the counsel who will defend
him in the impeachment proceedings.
‘There are seven lawyers in all.

The names announced to-night are
former Secretary of State Philander C.
Knox, ex-State Senator Harvey W. Hin-
man of Binghamton, former Judge Irving
G. Vann of the Court of Appeals, James
Gay Gordon of Philadelphia. These men
were secured for Gov. Sulzer by D-Cady
Herrick of Albany, who has been and
continues to be chief counsel. Former
Judge Lynn Arnold, owner of the Knick-
erbocker Press of Albany, and Louis Mar-
shall are among the Governor's advisers.

PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 138.—Jamesa Gay
Gordon, who has been advising Gov.
Sulzer at Albany, is his counsel in the
Philadelphia suit brought against him by
Miss Hopkins. He is one of the greatest
lawyers of this city and State.

From the day when he first appeared
in court he was stamped as one of
the bitterest antagonists a rival. might
contend with, and his satire, sarcasm,
irony and wit made him a forceful, telling
speaker. Then he decided upon a political
career.

Almost his first achievement was an
alignment with the forces that were op-
posed to Matthew Stanley Quay, and from
the time he began to take part !n Demo-
cratic politics he was a thorn in the side
of the Pennsylvania leader. No mun ever
fought Quay more bitter?y or more fiercely
than Gordon did, and when he espoused
the cause of Robert E. Pattison for Gov-
ernor a Democratic Governor of Penn-
sylvania was elected.

In 1880 Gordon was elected a State Sen-
ator and in 1885 was appointed a Judge of
the Court of Common Pleas to fill an un-
expired term. Ne served until 1890, when
he was elected for the six vear term. In
1896 Quay launched a scheme to defeat
him, but popular indignation was aroused
and he was elected by a large majority.

In 1899 he suddenly resigned and since
then has devoted himself to his immense
law practice. He has frequently been
anked to accept public ‘office, but has
always declined. .

GLYNN TO GIVE ELKUS A JOB.

win

 

Appoint Him Labor Commia-
stoner on Tuesday.

ALBANY, Aug. 13.—The first appoint-
ment that Martin H. Glynn makes as
acting Governor is almost sure to be
that of Abram I. Elkus of New York
to be State Labor Commissioner. It is
said positively to-night that the post has
been offered to Mr. Elkua and that he will
accept.

The plan is for Mr. Glynn to send the
nomination to the Senate on Tuesday and
have it contirmed Immediately. The nom-
ination will be regarded as the first test
of his powers as acting Govemor and
also as filling a place in the State ser-
vice where a vacancy caused much em-
barrasament to Gov. Sulzer.

Mr. Sulzer first nominated John Mitchell

jaynor's backers hope that) gor gtate Labor Commissioner and then

James M. Lynch. The Senate turned
them both down as part of Tammany's
fight to bring the Governor to terms.
Mr. Elkus was counsel for the State
Factory Investigating Commission. It is

visers have no expectation that the Mayor] said that the Democratic organization

will be the choice of Tammany.

NEW USE OF X-RAY IN CANCER.

fiobart, Tasmania, Sargeon Saya
Treatment Has Been Successful.
Hopant, Tasmania, Aug. 13.—Roentges
rays filtered through silver, copper or tin
Plate have been used by Dr. Roberts,
senior surgeon of the General Hospital

 

 

here, in the treatment of cancer, and the ,

surgeon says he has successfully treated
forty persons suffering from the disease,

PUSHES PRINCE FROM AUTO. .

Actress Arriving to Be Married
Telle of Royal Wooer.

Miss Elisabeth Frewen, who played the
leading role in “Come Over Here” at
the London Opera House, arrived yester-
day by the Oceanic to marry Joseph
Daley of Boston.
tall and handsome.

She says another man made an effort
to cut out her flance while she was play-
ing in London. The other man ia Prince
Albert Radsiwill, who eat in the front
row of the orchestra stalls every night
for 120 consecutive nights and gazed at
her. He also placed his automobile at
her disposal. The last time she met him,
she said, they Mere out in the automobile
together. \He very demonstrative
and kiseed her hand so frequently and
rapturously that she Anally pushed him

 

 

ee OF the c87 Ant maeneted Oe Sinem

 

had him picked for Commiasioner of
Labor six months ago, but that Mr. Sulser
didn't want him.

WILSON BOOMS A CANDIDATE.

Writes an Indersement to Demo-
crat in Maine.

WasHINnoTon, Aug. 18.—The President
conferred to-day with Vice Chairman
Homer 8. Cummings of the Democratic
National Committee on the political situ-
ations in Massachusetts and Maine, where
the Democracy will contest the Bull
Moose and Republicans at the polls this
fall. <A detailed discussion was had of
the outlook for the election of Wm. R.
Pettengall, the Democratic nominee for
Congress in the Third district of Maine.

After Mr. Cummings's visit the White
House made public this letter which the
President had addressed to Mr, Petten-

 

She is nearly six feet! gall:

“I am taking the liberty of writing you
just a line to say how deeply interested
IT am in your candidacy for Congress.
Like all other Democrats, I shall watch
the results with the greatest interest as
well as with the greatest’ confidence, My
immediate object in writing is to con-
gratulate the party in having a repre-
sentative in the contest who they can
feel represents the principles and the
policy of the party #0 truly and with se
much ability.”

 

Aenpered bese dg,

 
 

a

SE

rrr a

 

 

 

 

1913.—copyright, 1918, by the Bun Printing and Publishing Association.

ASSEMBLY IMPEACHES
_ TWO GOVERNORS OF STATE NOW

 

 

Sulzer’s Lawyer Describes the Line
of Action Determined by the Defence

This statement from exJudge D-Cady Herrick of Albany, of Gov.
Sulzer's counsel, was the only formal revelation of the Governor's in-

tentiona which appeared yesterday:

Counsel for Gov. Sulzer have no desire to be interviewed or to try
the merite of his case in the newspapers, and have no desire to make
any statements in his behalf, and have advised the Governor to refrain
from making any statement at the present time, likewise his wife.

We have engaged in his defence not for William Sulzer, but asa pro-
fessional and public duty for the Governor of the State, and to preserve,
80 far ds it can now be preserved, the good name and fame of the State.

After an examination of Mr. Sulzer in relation to the transactions
disclosed by the Frawley committee we are satisfied that there has been
only a partial revelation of the facta so far, and we are satisfied that he
has been guilty of no wilful wrongdoing, and we will ask of the public
in his behalf a suspension of judgment until all the facts can be dis-
closed before the proper tribunal and in an orderly way.

The statements in the papers that the Governor will if necessary re-

sort to force to maintain his position are the merest rot.

the charges made againet him in an

He will mect
orderly and dignified way and will

do nothing unbecoming the dignity of the State and will engage in no
physical scramble to assert his rights to discharge the functions por-

taining to the office of Governor.

 

ARMED GUARDS HOLD
EXECUTIVE CHAMBER

 

Sulzer Is Determined to Con-
tinue Exercising Functions
as Governor.

P. C. KNOX TO DEFEND HIM

 

Glynn May Act as Governor
in His Own Office
in Capitol.

 

ALBANY, Aug. 18.—William Sulzer, im-
peached by the Assembly at 5:15 o'clock
this morning, when the windows of the
Capitol were reflecting the sun, of a new
day, theoretically ceased to be Governor
at 3:30 o'clock this afternoon when the
articles that conetitute his indictment
were accepted by the Senete and his trial
was set for September 18.

Actually the Governor's diapossession
will not take place until to-morrow morn-
ing. Deferring to the opinion of some of
their advisers that the act of impeachment
is not complete until the summons and
complaint are served on the accused the
managers of this unprecedented under-
taking are allowing Mr. Sulzer to con-
tinue as Governor unt!! Patrick E. Mc-
Cabe, clerk of the Senate, tries to hand
him the papers at 11 o'clock in the
morning. From that moment the acting
Governor of New York will be Lieut.-Gov.
Martin H. Glynn.

The phase “tries to hand him
papers” is used because Mr. Sulzer may
refuse to accept them or even to see Mr.
McCabe. For the {mpeached Governor in-
tenda to fight not only for the establish-
ment of his innocence but to press by |
every means he and his lawyers can think
of his contention that his impeachment is
unconstitutional and that therefore he
cannot be replaced by Mr. Glynn.

Sulser With His Lawyers.

The Inwyers who talked with Mr. Sul-
ser in his private office in the People's
House to-night were Louis Marshall,
Irving G. Vann of Syracuse, ex-Judge of |
the Court of Appeals; D-Cady Herrick |
and ex-Senator Harvey Db. Hinman of |
Binghamton.

It is expected that Judge Vann will |
be chief counsel for Mr. Sulzer at the |
trial,

Mr. Sulzer reviewed the whole situation
with these advisers and told them that
he was innocent of the charges upon
which he was impeached. He said he had
no knowledge of the stock transactions
and that his denial of last Sunday was
the truth. He insisted that he never
heard of the financial operations to which |
his wife has confessed until taailtaony |
abqut them was heard by the Frawley
committee.

The Governor also told the lawyers |
with great emphasis that Mrs. Sulzer |
must not be allowed to go on ‘the stand |
at the trial or in any other way figure!
further in the case. He insisted that the!
fight be made on legal and constitutional
grounds alone.

It was made clear from reporta of to-
night's conference that the Governor's
inclination to begin his contest by re-
fusing to accept service of the articles of |
impeachment was not as strong aa it had
been. ‘

His friends sald at midnight that Pat-
rick KE. McCabe would be cordially
greeted when he called with the papers
at 11 o'clock to-morrow morning. Ap-
parently Mr. Sulger's advisers have con-
vinced him that he should rely on setting
aside his impeachment in the courts or
proving his innocence !f the case comes to
trial. But he will still Insist that he is
Governor and that Glynn has no right to
the seat,

P. Cc. Knox Retained,

Gov. Sulser bas formally retained for-
mer Secretary of State Philander C,
Knox, ex-State Benator Harvey W. Hin-
man of Binghamton, former Judge Ir-
ving G. Vann of the Court of Appeala
and James Gay Gerdon of Philadelphia
to defend him at the impeachment trial,

This array of counsel was secured for
the Governor by D.-Cady Herrick of
Albany, who is chief counsel.

The conference at the People's House
was etill going on at midnight. It prom-
ised to last for two hours more. Each
participant was pledged to secrecy. The
Governor hitheelf has been muffled by
hie advisers, and to-day there was abso-
lutely ne hint from him as to what his
course would be.

The nearest approach to this was a

Continued on Third Page,

 

 

 

‘

the| Paian fund transactions which led to his

MRS, SULZER GRAVELY ILL,

Wife Hae a Nervous
Breakdown.

ALBANY, Aug. 13.—Mrs, Sulzer, wife of
the Governor, !s suffering to-night from a
nervous breakdown, Her condition is ex-
tremely serious, and while not such as te
raise any doubt as to her recovery, it has
given her husband grave fears.

Because of her condition the Governor
telephoned to-day to New York to Dr.
Robert Abrahams, a specialist, who knows
Mrs. Sulser and has treated her before.
Her condition is aggravated by her worry
over her husband and her depression over
her handling of his campaign funds.

She is almost inconsolable at times and
keeps repeating to her friends and nurses
at the bedside that she has ruined her
husband's career by her speculation in
Wall Street. She insists that she did so
absolutely without his knowledge.

The Governor has told his advisers that
he knew absolutely nothing about the
Wall Street deals until his wife told him
about them a few days ago. He insists,
however, that she will not be called at the
trial in his defence.

He will not permit her to go on the
witness stand, even if her failure to ap-
pear meant his removal from the Gow
ernorship.

 

Governor's

 

Der. Abrahams teft here for Albany on
the 11:35 train last night.

 

OLD CHUMS EXTOL MRS. SULZER.

Her Clasamates at School Say That
She Wenld Not Lie.
CHicaaco, Aug. 18.—Clasamates of Mrs.
William Sulger in Chicago rallied to-day
to her support as the result of the state-
ment of the New York Governor's wife
that she was responsible for certain cam-

 

impeachment. Mrs. Sulzer was gradu-
ated from the Illinois Trafning School for
Nurses in the clase of 1893. She was
then Miss Clara B. Rodelheim and her

the school,” declared Mrs. Emma Koch, |

Buperintendent of the Chicago Lying-in
Hospital to-day, “She was one of the
finest women IT have ever known, The
moment that I read of her confession
I knew what had happened. She was

 

 

 

 

(a sworn statement.

Unsettled and slightly warmer to-day;

fair to-morfow.
Detailed weather reports will be found on page 13.

ss

PRICE TWO CENTS.

——

————————

 

 

SULZER;

Senate Gets Articles and
Triaf Is Set t6 Begin
September 18,

 

SULZER IS NOT SERVED

His Fight Will Be Made-on-

Strictly Legal
Grounds,

MORE CHECKS PROMISED

 

Mrs. Sulzer Critically, Ill and
Hysteria Greatly Alarms
the Governor.

 

Gov. Sulzer was impeached by the
State Assembly by a vote of 79 to 45
at 5:16 o'clock yesterday morning after
it remained in continuous eession
through the night.

The articles of impeachment were
drawn and presented to tha Senate in
the afternoon. An attempt will be
made to serve Gov, Sulzer with copies
to-day.

The court of impeachment will begin
its session on September 18, The
taking of evidence is fixed for Sep-
tember 22,

Gov. Sulzer and his lawyers spent
last night in conference at the Execu-
tive Mansion. ‘

Both Mr. Sulzer and Lieut.-Gov.
Glynn expect to exercise the func-
tions of Governor to-day.

Gov. Sulzer declined to make any
statement, but it became known that
he purposes to question the legality of
the impeachment proceedings and to
retain office pending trial. His fight,
however, will be made on atrictly legal
grounds. He has retained ex-Secsetary
of State Philander C, Knox, James Ja:
Gordon of Philadelphia and several
other prominent lawyers to defend him.

The State Comptroller will to-morrow
j ask Attorney-General Thomas F. Car-

'mody for an opinion as to whether he

shalt honor the approval of Mr. Sulzer
or of Mr, Glynn in the matter of the
payroll of the Executive department.
If the’opinion {s adverse to Mr. Sulzer
he is expected to institute mandamus
proceedings for final determination. If
the opinion favors Mr. Sulzer Mr.
Glynn will follow a similar course,
Senator Elon R. Brown, Republican
leader in the Senate, announced in that

chamber that any attempt by = Mr.
Sulzer to exercise the power of the
Governor's office should be opposed

by summary action.

| Members of the Frawley committee
home was in Philadelphia. j

“Mrs. Sulapr was my closest friend inj

declare that they have authentic in-
showing that the Sulzer
campaign fund received larger checks
|than those which Sulzer omitted from
These additional}
checks, the committeemen say, do not

| formation

using that money to surprise her hus- ; appear in the sworn statement.

band. 1
said,
“a touchy
noticed it,

believe every word she has

consclence that

When she was a girl she had such |
every one |

Mrs. Sulzer collapsed last night and
was in a most critical condition at last
reports, She became hysterical and the

“If she says she took that money and, Governor sent to New York for, the
used it that way she should be believed | family physician.

implicitly, She is greatly in love with |
her husband and she would do anything |
in the world to help a person in any sort
of trouble, but she would not Tie even
to save him.”

Other classmates of Mrs, Sulzer spoke
in similar vein.

 

NO LETTER FROM WILSON.

White House Dentesn That He aa!
vised Sulser,

WASHINGTON, Aug. 13.—Authoritative
denial was made to-night of a published
report that President Wilson had wired to
Gov. Sulger urging him not to make any
technical defence but to present his best
case at a regular trial, It was said at
the White House that the President had
not communicated with Gov, Sulzer on
thia subject.

Developments at Albany are being fol-
lowed with intense intereat by Democrats
in the Senate. Gov. Sulzer's old friends
in the House have been hoping, against
the evidence, that he finally would be able
to explain away the money transactions,
but now the sentiment seems to be one of
pity.

Lawyers in the House to-day expressed
the opinion that Gov. Sulzer cannot be
impeached for personal acts committed
before he became Governor.

“The Governor's privileges are based
on the Constitution,” said Representative
Flood of Virginia. “The Legislature can-
not add to or subtract any qualifications
upen which impeachment proceedings can
be brought.”

Representative Francia Burton Har-
rison of New York algo is of the opinion
that it Is doubtful that impeachment can
He for acts committed before Sulzer took
the oath,

Representative Montague, former Govy-
ernor of Virginia, said:

“As a general proposition impeachment

cannot lie upon acts which are committed
prior to induction into office and which
are personal and not relating to the
office,”
« Representative Henry of Texas, chair-
man of the House Rules Committee, said
that the furisdiction of the Legislature to
impeach for acts tommitted prior to the
Governor's inauguration was in his
opinion very doubtful,

 

——————

SOLEMN SCENE IN SENATE.

Silence Fills
the

the Chamber During
Proceedings,

ALBANY, Aug, 13.—In the most solemn
and impressive proceeding ever held in
the Senate Chamber of New York since
the origin of the State government in
1777, a committee of the Assembly of the
State appeared to-day before the Senate
and announced its impeachment of Gov.
Willlam Sulzer. The appearance of the
board of managers of the Assembly and
the reading of the eight articles of im-
peachment followed quickly,

It was a silent throng which filled the
galleries and pressed behind the railing
at the rear of the chamber to see and
to hear, A bugs of conversation, which
started in the chamber when Senator
Robert F. Wagner, president pro tem.,
opened the session, was ailenced by the
warning that there must be order. From
that moment to the last, when the body
adjourned by joint resolution until next
Tuesday, one could almost have heard a
pin drop.

Down in the Executive Chamber Gov,
Sulzer, worn and strained by the occur
rences of the last few weeks, sat mapping
out his fight against the Legislature in
its attempt to remove him from office,
Miles away from Albany Lieut.-Goy.
Martin H. Glynn was at his summer home.
He came to the city only late in the day,

A Different Wagner.

It was even a different Wagner that
took the chair of the presiding officer.
The Wagner majority leader and fighter
for Tammany Hall was gone, [Instead
there was the Wagner who is now Lieu-
tenant-Governor of the State, a Wagner
that as an officer of the State must turn
over bis leadership for the remainder of
the term to another. There was not a
Senator who did not realize the gravity
of the situation.

The Senate and Assembly were to have
met at 11 o'clock this morning, but it was
3 o'clock before either house was called
to order. No sooner had Mr. Wagner
called the Senate to order than a com.
mittee appeared at the doors of ta
Senate Chamber to announce thi: iy
Assembly haG impeached Gov, Sulaer. This
committee comprised Assemblymen Van

     

ene

eee:

ne

5 a lt LM TEN OP ae
~ a Segre Aen oaet —

pam wy

22 sir ety eee

S we ae

pee eEmenE Or rE
Poe a ene