ee a Se Se SO

  

 

.

    

 

HOUSE ORDERS

THE WEATHER FORECAST.
Overcast, with probably snow flurries,
to-day; to-morrow fair; west winds.

Highest temperature yesterday, 32; lowest, 17.
Detailed weather, mail and marine reports on page 14,

   

 

 

 

 

  
 

=O OO

 

 

VOL. LXXXIV.—NO. 140, ad

"FLAG TRIBUTES FOR ‘
DEWEY OVERLOOKED |

80) D AY HUNT pee Not Lowered on U. S.

| Buildings Owing to Lack

T0 FIND LE A K | of Official Order. |

 

| Astonishment was caused in New |

| York yesterday at the failure to lower |
flags ,on Government buildings -in re- |
spect to the memory of Admiral Dewey. |
|

Committee Empowered to
| Investigation by Tur SuN correspondent

Get Counsel and Also Ex- ; at Washington disclosed that the same
| situation prevailed ah over the United
pert Accountants,

; States, No order had gone out from the |
Treasury Department. In consequence |
the flags on the 1,100 Federal buildings
throughout the country remained flying

TW SIT IN CAPITAL | iacley ar tas eremedey. Devert>

OR GO ELSEWHERE ment was met by the statement that it

was not customary to issue a general

 

 

{order on such an occasion; that the
, custodians of the buildings could lower

 

 

 

 

 

|
|

No Decision on Counsel,

‘the flags without instructions and could
| the explanations made in New York of |
TO GET MORE POWER, Secretary of the Treasury.
|partment at Washington.” President
for Attorney.
that flags on all city buildings, bridges
went to the House with a request for.
After Losing $150 C. 0. D.
tion thirty days was adopted without a |
duct the cross-examination of witnesses | Suaded little Tommy Summerville to let
shadowed the primary purpose of the | betrayer of his youthful ideals it took |
investigation, aroused decided opposi- |
This opposition was echoed on both sides | !tS destination when a stranger stopped |
that the stranger had meanwhile deliv- |
was made an ordinary “errand boy in
as counse!,during the investigation, were | the shop. : |

ar \ Arey ’, have done it in the present instance. It
Shar p ( ont rovel Sy Dev elops | was admitted, hdwever, that a general |
; o's 7? order t |
Over Lawyer and Henry's |$xéiacnve wits "ne feath of Se
‘5 : The statement was at variance with |
Participation.
{the failure to revere Dewey's memory. |
aa: j; At the downtown post office it was said
. ‘ ~ J ‘ they were under orders to keep the flags
HEA RINGS SI SPEN DED at the tops of the staffs unless they re-/|
{ceived orders to the contrary from the}
j The Custom House and other Federal ;
| buildings were besieged by inquiries as}
; to the reason, for the failure to lower
* ‘ . the flags. The answer invariably was
Littleton,, Stanchfield and! that it’was “up to the Treasury De-
he ®
W hipple Are Mentioned | Wilson learned of the situation last
‘night and immediately issued instruc-
; tions for the order to be sent out to-day
from the Treasury Department.
Mayor Mitchel gave orders yesterday
WasHINGTON, Jan, 17.—The inquiry} and schoolhouses be placed at half staff
{nto the alleged “leak” of the President's | in tribute to the dead naval hero, 1
note to the belligerents took on the as-| a eee age i a |
pect of a broad Congressional investiga- |
tlon to-day. Suspending its vearines| VO THUL SLEUTH
the Rules Committee for the third time |
authority to broaden the fleld of its op- NABS WRONG MAN
erations and to retain expert advisers to
aid it in the performance of its task. cenpeepaationnitints:
After another stormy debate a resolu- |
tion extending the Jife of the investiga-
‘ y 8 -
dissenting vote. The committee was | Package Boy Cau bie Trou
also empowered to sit in Washington “or ble for Baltimorean.
elsewhere” and to get counsel and expert .
accountants, for which it asked. | ¢
The selection of legal counsel to con-! The bold confidence man who per-
and take charge of the work of running | him hold a $150 C. Q.'D. package for |
to ground the rumors which have found , half an hour had an easy time putting |
utterance before the committee raised aj his game across. But when Tommy ;
controversy which for the moment over-/| turned detective and went stalking the |
{investigation itself. ithe full machinery of the West Side!
i oe that the majority members of | court and five character witnesses im-|
e committee purposed to engage the/| ported from Baltimore to haul him off.
te ee ere of New: tommy is 15, bet small for his ‘ane |
» who conducted the “money trust™! anq as bright as he is trusting, He is:
tion, E employed by Hollander's Fifth avenue |
bain aaueeanea bs the Deen | gown shop, and untiklast January 6 had |
mittee Representative Hoard (Georgia) | the important job of delivering valuable |
declared that the selection of Mr. Unter- | ©: 9, D. packages to customers. Qn |
myer would be unsatisfactory to him. that day he was carrying a creation to
of the chamber. While it was charged | him on the street. |
by one member that Lawson was behind, , “/ Want you to take 4 note to a lady |
Untermyer, it is understood that, on the | friend of mine,” the stranger said. Pi}
contrary,® Lawson 1s now opposed to | hold your bundle until you come back.
Untermyer, | Tommy came back, but only to find)
| ered the®package himeelf and pocketed |
: : | the $150 that was due on it. Tommy's
The difficulties confronting the ma-! head paid the penalty. He lost his|
jority members of the Rules Committee | chance to deliver any more gowns, and |
in selecting the attorney, who is to act}
accentuated by the fact that after two Filled with a desire for revenge ana |
Prolonged conferences no conclusion was!the chance to reestablish himself, |
reached. The majority members met ' Tommy turned detective. He scoured !
soon after the resolution giving the./ the streets for the myeterious stranger. |

 

the additional authority was passed, agd| At last, on Saturday night, he saw his
late in the afternoon announced to * | man—or thought he did. It was right
minority members that they were unable | at the same spot where he had met him}
to propose a name. before, too. Tommy took a flying leap
In the evening they again conferred, fone landed on the back of Jacob Blau-
‘id up to a late hour to-night the pros-| stein, Jr., of Baltimore. ;
ret of a decision appeared remote. One “I got ‘you now!" he shrilled. “Help!
member of the committee said a number! A cop!" |
of names were under consideration. Blaustein was taken to the West For-
Among these are sald to have been Mar-/| ty-seventh street police station. There
an W. Littleton, John B. Stanchfield and| he protested that he had just arrived
Sherman L, Whipple. from Baltimore last Thursday and was
Some of the majority members, it {s|a gweet at the Hotel McAlpin. He |
undertsood, also adhered to the idea}! showed a Baltimore mileage book bought |
that Samuel Untermyer should be en-'! in that city on January 11, as well as a}
Raged despite the hostility that his ap-! Jetter of credit from Bradstreet’s and a!
bointment would arouse among the Re-;| number of Baltimore club membership !
vublican members of the committee and! cards. But Tommy wouldn't let these |
even among the Democrats of the House. | be accepted as alibis, and Blaustein was |
he fatlure of Representative Henry, | held in $2,000 bond for hearing yester-
chairman of the committee, who is suf-| day.
fering from the grip, to take part in any| Yesterday in the West Side court
of the day's proceedings was the subject | Tommy positively identified his man, He
of much comment. The functions of the| produced the wealthy woman who had
chairmanship were performed by Rep- | bought the gown, and she admitted that
resentative Pou of North Carolina, Mr.! Blaustein did look a whole lot like the
Henry also did not participate in the de-| man who collected her $150.
Mherations of the majority members| ‘Then the five Baltimoreans took the
while the selection of counsel was under | stand. They were Jacob Blaustein, Sr.;
consideration, |Dr. J. I. Lindau, industrial chemist of |
|the Maryland city; }

 

 

 

Charles Weiss, a}
Baltimore newspaper man; J. B. Harig |
and George J. Thornton of the American |

Suspension of Hearings..

While the majority of the committee |
Wrestled with this question Frank A. | Oil Company in Baltimore, of which firm

Vanderlip ¢ N . Mr. Blaustein, Jr., is a member, They
other Cae at the BAR OGRE Seay mene aod | swore first that the accused man had not
to Washington cooled their heels await- | been in New York on the day of the)
Majority | robbery, but had been in his own office |
members of the committee intimated to-|from 8 A. M. to7 P, M., and second that |
night that the hearings of the Rules|he had never been in New York before |
Committee would not be resumed to-| January 11 except one time when his!
Morrow, or until the counsel to be se-| parents brought him here as an infant
lected to conduct the inquiry has had! in arms. |
opportunity to map out his plan of pro-! Magistrate Murphy dismissed the case.
cedure, ‘Tommy, broken hearted again and seeing
The announcement of the decision of | nothing in the future but a dull career
the committee to suspend its hearings | a:s an interned errand boy, went out to
temporarily had a discomfiting effect not| scour the streets some more in the hope
only upon the witnesses who were wait- | that some day, somewhere, somehow, he
!ng to be heard but upon the large crowd | may find that mysterious man.
of spectators who had gathered in the.
Majority caucus room. Some of them!
had stood an hour before the doors were |
opened to get a point of vantage from

 

ing an opportunity to testify.

 

NQ TRACE OF LOST AVIATORS.

' Hillers Search Over Lower Callfor- |

 

 

mi i to watch the proceedings. Thomas

een on whom the sté¥m has | nia Desert Without Results,
‘entred, was in the witness chair when ! ete

the announcement was made. Mrs, Vis-| _CALExICO, »Cal., Jan. UrrArmy offi-

cers piloting three aeroplanes failed to}
findsany trace to-day of the two lost
army officers, Lieut.-Col. H. G, Bishop
and Lieut, W. A. Roberton, Jr.

Several hours were spent in fruitless
search over the desert and mountain re- |
ions of Lowef California and then the |

cont, who now has assumed one of thé|

leading roles, was waiting to be called, |

Trausferred from the committee room
‘o the floor of the House the leak inquiry
Provided occasion for still another con-
Woveimy, The gravity of the situation

was accentuated b Represen ive| 8
Mann, the minority leadan’ aba poor airplane pilots gaieied. sheir machines

vet ley eastward, soared over the Colorado
fenor of “the ‘men whose amen have | River, arched hs Mss County and
been brought into it was involved but Rane sanded sn toe leer ta t alge, |
the good name of the republic itself. whore the missing on war the a by
The propriety of permitting the Rules od." Finding “ “ eee | “The search eat
Committee to make the inquiry when the returned te ‘ Oe Sone aren
conduct of one of Its own members is in- be Fesu wt ;
volved was Questioned by Representative
Greene (Iowa). Some members described
the inquiry as & “colossal farce.” Others
insisted that it had reached such a point

 

 

More Reserve Training Corps.

WasHiInoTon, Jan. 17,—Additional in-
fantry waite ot ne ete: Officers’
that a th demon- ining Corps, the War Department an-
atrate ne te or teliin Fiat aoeioe naticed to-day, wilk be established at
Was the only course possible. 0... | Bt Topas School, Manlius, N. Y.;

Th ‘ Colorado, ths Montana
he resolution . ots aaolteras aad ie

 

‘the Rules C A to] Btate Col

leites the “reign of terror”

| four says, share President Wilson's de- |

| argued, cannot be expected unless these

| groups are

NEW YORK, THURSDAY, JANUARY 18,

1917.—copyrign: 191., by the Sun Printing and Publishing Association.

 

ALLIES AMPLIFY REPLY TO WILSON;
INDORSE HIS PEACE LEAGUE IDEA;

‘SAY IT RESTS’

ThreeConditions Laid Down
in Note Sent by Seere-
tary Balfour.

 

CAUSES OF UNREST
MUST BE REMOVED

 

Central .Powers to Be
Changed Politically and
Aggressions Halted.

WASHINGTON, Jan, 17.—The Entente |
Allies in a note addressed by Arthur |
Balfour, British Foreign Minister, to

Ambassador Spring-Rice and delivered |

|
to-day to the State Department amplify |
their reply to President Wilson’s note |
by explaining in detail why they believe
it impossible at present to attain a);
peace which will assure them such}
guarantees as they consider essential. |

The note also explains why the Allies |
demand the expulsion of Turkey from |

Europe, restoration of Alsace-Lorraine |
to Franct, of Italia Irredenta to Italy |
and the other territorial changes set
forth.

Those who think the future peace of |
the world may be insured by interna-
tional treaties and laws, the note says,
have iff learned the lessons taught by
recent history. After charging that
German influence in Turkey had re-
sulted in conditions as barbarous and
more aggressive than were known
under Sultan Abdul Hamid and that it
had been shown Germany cannot be
expected to respect treaty obligations,

Mr. Balfour says:

“So long as Germany remains the Ger-
many which without a shadow of justi-
fication overran and barbarously ill-
treated a country it was pledged to de-
fend, no state can regard its rights as |
secure if they have no better protec-
tion than ‘a solemn treaty.”

Terrorisation by Horrer

Asserting that Belgium was not Ger-
many’'s only victim, and that “neutrals
were intended to note one oe =

s conquest,” the note re-
accompanied it iq oe
upon German's method of warfare, and
in that connection says:

“The war staffs of the Central Powers
are well content to horrify the world if
at the same time they can terrorize it.

The people of Great Britain, Mr. Bal-

sire for peace, but do not believe it can
be durable unless based on the success
of the allied cause. Such a peace, it is

three conditions are fulfilled: '
1. Existing causes of international un- |
rest shall be as far as possible removed |
or weakened.
2, The aggressive alms and the un- |
scrupulous methods of the Central Pow-

ters should fall into disrepute among |

their own peoples.
8. Behind international law and be-

|
d all treaty arrangements for pre-|
euting or limiting hostilities some form |
of international sanction should be Ge- |
vised which would give pause to the |
hardiest aggressor. |
|

In Line’ With Wilson's Idea.

It is recognized that these conditions
may be difficult of fulfillment, but the |
bellfef is expressed that they are in gen-|
eral harmony with and an indorsement |
of President Wilson's ideas. The note |
declares confidence that s0 far as Bu-|
rope is concerned none of the conditions |
can be satisfied, even imperfectly, unless |
peace is obtained on the general lines
indicated by the Allies’ joint note. |

Great Britain's note was entirely un-}
expected to officials here, but was grati- |
fying because they interpreted it as a
step toward the world federation to pre-
serve peace, which President Wilson, ;
both in his speeches and in his peace!
note, has pledged the United States. \

Great Britain justifies her continuance |
of hostilities, it was pointed out, not)

 

lonly for the immediate objects of the|

war, but also on the necessity that “be,
hind international law and behind all

| treaty arrangements for preventing or |

Timiting hostilities some form of inter-!
national sanction should be devised,
which would give pause to the hardlest!
aggressor,” i

It is just some such arrangement, it
was pointed out, which President Wilson
has been urging and which is expected
to cause wider disagreement in regard to |
American foreign policy than any other |
question raised in the country’s history,

PRAISE BALFOUR’S NOTE.

 

London
Enlighten Mr. Wilson,

LONDON, Jan. 18.—Foreign Minister |
Balfour's note to the United States Gov- |
ernment is commented on with warm ap- |
proval, both for matter and manner, by |
the newspapers to-day. The Times and
some of the other newspapers speak of
it as demolishing all grounds for sup-
posing there is the least shadow of a

| resemblance between the objects of the

rival belligerents, and suggest that it!

| ought to convince President Wilson that |

believe the aims of both
identical are misinformed.
The Chronicle says:

“If President Wilson wishes to give
effect to his desire that peace, when it
comes, shal! be lasting he cannot ultl-
mately afford to regard the terms on
which the struggle is to be ended with
aloofness and the unconcern he has
hitherto professed.”

‘The newspaper contends that Mr. Bal-

those who

four shows the only way that peace can | GERMANY CUTS ALL IMPORTS. |

be lasting. It maintains that there is
no practical possibility of fitting Ger-
many into a scheme of a treaty bound,
peace loving communiiy until her mili-
tarist prestige is destroyed by defeat.

“That is perhaps the principal lesson
which America seems not yet sufficiently
to have learned,” the Chronicle adds.

Canadian Recruiting Increases,

Orrawa, Ont., Jan, 17.—-The first two
weeks of the new year indicate that re-
eruiting is picking up in Canada, In
that period 3,536 enlisted for overscas
service, an inerenase of 1,000 men over
the previous two weeks, The number of

ale

*

 
   

 
  

ee

Time May Cause Neutral- |
| Daniels Orders Projectiles for'|
| Navy From Firm Which Un-
derbid Americans.

Lonvon, Jan, 17.—A despatch to the)
Papers Think It Should | Exchange Telegraph
says: |

“The Austrian
menting extensively on the possibilities
of a violation of Switzerland's neutrality.
They admit that France would have no
purpose in making the move, while Ger-
many and Austria might hope to gain
breathing space.
would defend her neutrality to her last
man, so success on the part of the Cen-
tral Empires is considered doubtful.

“Generally the
counsel the Austro-German staffs not to
augment the number of enemy Power:
The Hungarian papers declare that th
violation of neutrality has never helped
any belligerent, and say that had Arch-
duke Francis Ferdinand, the heir pre-
sumptive to the
throne who was assassinated at Sara-
jevo, lived he never would have sanc-
tioned a violation of Belgium neither for
military nor dynastic reasons.”

Effort Is Made to Prevent Rise in

 

BERLIN,
Bundesrath has adopted a measure pro-
hibiting the import of all commodities
except by permission of the Imperial
Commissioner,
ia to restrict Imports to absolutely in-
dispensable commodities !n order to re-| could be carried out without a hitch,
duce the unfavorable trade balance and
prevent a further rise in exchange rates.

Heretofore there has been a prohibi-
tion on the tmportation of yarioue arti-f mitted by American firma were a result
cles classed as luxuries, but the present | of the fact that he had kept secret the
law is the first genera] prohibition put
into effect, }

Text of Entente Allies’ Supple

HE text of a supplemental note dated January 13 and addressed to Sir Cecil Spring-Rice by Arthur

Balfour, British Foreign Minister, follows:

In sending you a translation of the Allied note
I desire to make the following observations which
you should bring to the notice of the United States
Government.

I gather from the general tenor of the Presi-
dent’s note that while he is animated by an intense
desire that peace should come soon and that when
it comes it should be lasting, he does not for the
moment at least concern himself with the terms
on which it should be arranged. His Majesty’s
Government entirely share the President's ideas,
but they feel strongly that the durability of peace
must largely depend on its character and that no
stable system of international relations can be
built on foundations which are essentially and
hopelessly defective.

‘This becomes clearly apparent if we consider
the main conditions which rendered possible the
calamities from which the world is now suffering.
These were the existence of great powers con-
sumed with the lust of domination in the midst
of a community of nations ill prepared for de-
fence, plentifully supplied ‘indeed with interna-
tional laws, but with no machinery for enforcing
them and weakened by the fact that neither the
boundaries of the various states nor their internal
constitution harmonized with the aspirations of
their constituent races, or secured to them just
and equal treatment.

That this last evil would be greatly mitigated
if the Allies secured the changes in the map of
Europe outlined in their joint note is manifest, and
I need not labor the point.

It has been argued indeed that the expulsion
of the Turks from Europe forms no proper or
logical part of this general scheme. The main-
tenance of the Turkish Empire was during many
generations regarded by statesmen of worldwide
authority as esselitial to the maintenance of
European peace. Why, it is asked, should the
cause of peace be now associated gvith a complete
reversal of this traditional policy? y

The answer is that circumstances have com-
pletely changed. It is unnecessary to consider
now whether the creation of a reformed Turkey
mediating between hostile races in the Near East
was a scheme which, had the Sultan been sin-
cere and the Powers united, could ever have been
realized. It certainly cannot be realized now.
The Turkey of “union and progress" is at least
as barbarous and is far more aggressive than the
Turkey of Sultan Abdul Hamid. ‘In the hands of
Germany tt has ceased even in appearance to be
a bulwark of peace and is openly used as an in-
strument of conquest. j

Under German officers Turkish soldiers are
now fighting in lands from which they had long
been expelled and a Turkish Government con-
trolled, subsidized and supported by Germany has
been guilty of massacres in Armenia and Syria
more horrible than any recorded in the history
even of those unhappy countries. Evidently the
interests of peace and the claims of nationality
alike require that Turkish rule over alien races
shall if possible be brought to an end, and we
hope that the expulsion of Turkey from Europe
will contribute as much to the cause of peace as
the restoration of Alsace-Lorraine to France, or
Italian Irredenta to Italy, or any of the territorial
changes indicated in the Allied note.

Evidently, however, such territorial rear-
rangements, though they may diminish the oc-
casions of war, provide no sufficient security
against its recurrence. If Germany, or rather
those in Germany who mould its opinions and con-
twol its destinies, again set out to domineer the
world, they may find that by the new order of
things the adventure is made more difficult, but
hardly that it is made impossible. ‘They may still
have ready to their hand a political system or-
ganized through and through on a military basis;
they may Still accumulate vast stores of military
equipment; they may still persist in their methods
of attagk, so that their more pacific neighbors will
be struck down before they can prepare them-
selves for defence. If so, Europe when the war
is over will be far poorer in men, in money and
in mutual good will than it was when the war
began, but it will not be safer, and the hope
for the future of the world entertained by the
President will be as far as ever from fulfilment.

There are those who think that for this dis-
ease international treaties and international laws
may provide a sufficient cure. But such persons
have ill learned the lessons so clearly taught by
recent history.

While other nations, notably the United
States of America and Britain, were striving by
treaties of arbitration to make sure that no
chance quarrel should mar the peace they de-

 

ity Violation.

 

from Rotterdam '

newspapers are com-

WASHINGTON,

Switzerland, however,

 

Piercing shells
Great
American steel
newspapers therefore

 

 

 

Exchauge Rate « }in sixteen months.
.

via London, Jan, 17,— The

The purpose of the law

declaration that

firms to bid,

by Wh ( ,
bch ilk ee US ans Sok
by yh , oe

gi

AUSTRIANS TALKING ‘CUDTT 1M)
OF SWISS INVASION SHELL CON

GIVEN TO BRITISH

Hope of Gaining Breathing |

oe ee

+

 

Jan,
Daniels, with the express sanction of | foreign
President Wilson, awarded to-day the! amount of money is here from London !
contract for 14 inch and 16 inch armor| t9 be wagered against the end of hos-
to Hadfleld's T.td.,
Britain, thereby excluding the} been made that the
companies.
marks a new policy in the navy.
likely still further to widen the rift be-
tween Mr. Daniels and the big American

manufacturers of warfmaterials,
Hadfleld's, Ltd., was the lowest bidder,
‘Austro-Hungarian offering the shells at approximately $200,
each cheaper than its American rivals, |
is addition the -British company prom-
| ised to make deliveries in less than halt}

ithe time asked for by the Americans.
The contract calls for 4,500 14
projectiles at $356 each, to he delivered
in nineteen months, and 3,000 16 inch
projectiles at $513 each, to be delivered

When Secretary

At the time the Navy Department an-
nounced the bids Mm Daniels made the
the

Department's decision to permit foreign

 

TRACT

Daniels's attention
was called to reports from Great Britain
that the British Government would not
permit the contract to be filled until
after the war he said he was relying
simply on a statement made by a repre-
sentative of the company that thé plans

ON THEIR TRIUMPH *=:

 

 

sired to make perpetual, Germany stood aloof.
Her historians and _ philosophers preached the
splendors of war; power was proclaimed as the
true end of the state, and the general staff
forged with untiring industry the weapons by
which at the appointed moment power might be
achieved. These facts proved clearly enough that
treaty arrangements for maintaining peace were
not likely to find much favor at Berlin; they
did not prove that such treaties once made would
be utterly ineffectual. This became evident only
when war had broken out, though the sought
demonstration, when it came, was overwhelming.

So long as Germany remains the Germany
which without a shadow of justification overran
and barbarously ill treated a country it was
pledged to defend, no state can regard its rights
as secure if they have no better protection than
a solemn treaty.

The case is made worse by the reflection that
these methods of calculated brutality were de-
signed by the Central Powers not merely to crush
to the dust those with whom they were at war,
but to intimidate those with whom they were
still at peace.

Belgium was not only a victim; it was an
example. Neutrals were intended to note the
outrages which accompanied: its conquest, the
reign of terror which followed on its occupation;
the deportdtion of a portion of its population; ,
the cruel oppression of the remainder. And lest
the nations happily protected either by British
fleets or by their own from German armies should
suppose themselves safe from German methods,
the submarine has (within its limits) assfduously
imitated the barbarous practices of the sister ser-
vice. The war staffs of the Central Powers are
well content to horrify the world if at the same
time they can terrorize it.

If then the Central Powers succeed, ‘it will
be to methods like these that they owe their suc-
ce@ws. How can any reform of international rela-
tions be based on a peace thus obtained? Such a
peace would represent the triumph of all the
forces which make war certain and make it brutal.
It would advertise the futility of all the methods
on which civilization relies to eliminate the occa-
sions of international dispute and to mitigate their
ferocity.

Germany and Austria made the present war
inevitable by attacking the rights of one small
state, and they gai their initial triumphs by
violating the treaty rantees of the territories
of another. Are s states going to find in them
their protectors or in treaties made by them a
bulwark against aggression? Terrorism by land
and sea will have proved itself the instrument of
visor Are the victors likely to abandon it on the
appeal of neutrals? If existing treaties are no
more than scraps of paper can fresh treaties help
us? If they be crowned with success will it not
be in vain that the assembled nations labor to
improve their code? None will profit by their
rules but Powers who break them. It is those
who keep them that will suffer.

Though therefore the people of this country
share to the full the desire of the President for
peace, they do not believe peace can be durable
if it be not based on the suecess of the Allied
cause. For a durable peace ‘can hardly be ex-
pected unless three conditions are fulfilled. The
tirst is that existing causes of international un-
rest should be as far as possible removed or
weakened. The second is that the aggressive
aims and the unserupulous methods of the Cen-
tral Powers should fall into disrepute among their
own peoples. The third is that behind interna-
tional law and behind all treaty arrangements
for preventing or limiting hostilities some form
of international sanction should be devised which
would give pause to the hardiest aggressor.

These conditions may be difficult of fulfil-
ment. But we believe them to be in general har-
mony with the President's ideas and we are con-
tident that none of them can be satisfied, even
imperfectly, unless peace be secured on the gen-
eral Jines indicated (so far as Europe is con-
conte) a rhe. sora note,

erefore it is that this country has made.
is making and is prepared to ake there of
blood and treasure unparalleled in its history.
It bears these heavy burdens not merely that it
may thus fulfil its treaty obligations nor yet that
it may secure a barren triumph of one group of
nations over another. It bears them because it
firmly believes that on the success of the Allies
depend the prospects of peaceful civilization and
of those international reforms which the best
thinkers of the new world as of the old dare to

hope may follow on the cessation of
calamities. of our present

BETS LAID AGAINST

Move to End War.

 

dent Wilson's note to

Street

on the end of the war, It
learned

yesterday at the
exchange broker

17. -~ Secretary ae ’
ces o
that a

t tilities before the end of Octoner.
One bet of $10,000 even money
The
by the end of October,
at the office at

coming on the same terms,

 

SUICIDE A PRIZE WINNER.

Noble Stockett for an Essay.

BALTIMORE, Jan,
was made to-day

inch |
that Dr. J.

at Dartmouth College,

won the $500 prize for an

 

Chicago concern,
Dr. Stockett was 27

 

Poultice Brings Death,
Peoria, W)., Jan, 17,

high 5
his bome at Standard,

nieht,

near here,

medical annals,

WILL SEND CAPTIVES
|

mental Note to Wilson

PEACE BY OCTOBER

| London Sends Money Here to
Be Wagered on Failure of

Germany's peace overtures and Presi-
the belligerents
have caused a revival of betting in Wall

was

large

has
war will not be over
action| by the end of September, and $20,000
It ts! has been placed against $15,000 that the
peace conference will not be concluded

It was learned
which these bets were
placed that more money would be forth-

8500 Awarded to the Late Dr. J.

17.—Announcement
Noble
Stockett, Jr., of this city, an instructor
who ended his
life in September because of overwork,

economic
essay he wrote under the auspices of a

noted lacrosse player at Johns Hopkins.

  

A tight flaxseed |

most extraordinary causes of death in |

ONE CENT dermy City and Newark,

Elwewhere
TWO CENTS.

n Greater New York,

 

INTO FIGHTING AREA

| Germany Justifies Action as

'  Reprisal—Thousands to

Face Peril of Death.

BERLIN, by Jan. 17.—The
following official statement was issued
| yesterday:

“The recent unworthy treatment and
lodging of
firing zone of the French district of
| operations was recently pointed out, and
at the same time it was made known
that the German Government had taken

measures to remedy this intolerable state
of affairs.

“The French Government had been
sent a note indicating the time within
which the answer must be given, to the
effect that all prisoners of war in the
districts of operations must be trans-
ported at least thirty kilometers behind
the firing line; that they must be assem-
sembled in well equipped camps and put
on a footing of equality with French
prisoners of war in Germany with re-
gard to their treatment, mail serviee
and visits by representatives of neutral
embassies,

“It was announced that in case of a
refusal several thousand French prison-
ers of war will be transported behind the
German front into the firing zone and
submitted to the same conditions as the
German prisoners of war behind the
French front.
| “As the French Government had not
| answered at the end of the time set—
January 15, 1917,—it is announced that
jthe reprisals will now be carried out.
i These reprisals will continue until the
German requests are complied with by
| the French Government.”

POPE APPEALS 0
END DEPORTATIONS

wireless,

 

 

|
|
|
|
|

 

Also Asks Germany to
| patriate Belgians Already
Sent Away.

 

Lonpon, Jan. 17.—With a view to pre-
venting further Belgian deportations
land bringing about the repatriation of
those already sent to Germany Pope
Benedict hag made representations to
the Imperial German Government, ac-
cording to a letter from Cardinal Gas-

nal Mercier, primate of Belgium, which
has been given out here, The Pontiff
has also directed Cardinal Mercier. sto
do all in his power to alleviate the suf-
ferings of the Belgians, and the Cardinal
| has Instructed the priests to defend the
interests of civilians and provide
j terial comforts to the families of the
| deported men. Cardinal Gasparri wrote
as follows to Cardinal Mercier:

“The Pontiff, whose fatherly
deeply moved by all the sufferings of
the well beloved Belgian people, has in-

heart is

structed me to inform your eminence
that, taking a vivid interest in your;
| people who have been so harshly put}

favor with the Imperial German Govern-
ment and that he will do everything in
his power iw order that an end may be
put to the deportations and that those
who have already
from their country may soon be back
; amidst their mourning families.”
In his instructions to the
| priests Cardinal Mercier says:
“In spite of the protests addressed to
Germany by the sovereign Pontiff and
' many neutral Powers the deportation of
your civilian population has not yet
ceased. It is our duty to alleviate as
much as is in our power an evil which
we are unable to prevent.”
} The Cardinal then directs how men
now dependent upon public charity, the
sick and the infirm, should provide them-
selves with necessary identification cer-

parish

together with leading citizens and re-
lief associations, a committee to visit
and console the families of those who
have been deported

“When in a family one member suf-
fers,’ continues the Cardinal, “all the
members suffer. Therefore .sere should
not be in your paris one home left
without help, unknown or forgotten.”

The parish priests are also directed to
“do everything in your power to obtain
the return of the deported men.”

RAIDER COMING NORTH.

Dispatches
From British Cruiser in Pursuit,

 

Wireless

Norro.tk, Va, Jan, 17.—Wireless
warnings picked up here to-day said the
German sea raider which has played
havoe with allied shipping was reported

ently working northward to more fre-
| quent lanes of travel Warnings sent
‘out last night said the German craft was
off Pernambuco, Brazil, last Friday.
The warning, believed to have come
from a British cruiser, also said reports
had been received that a submarine of

| undetermined nationality had been
sighted 700 miles east of the Vitginia
capes,

| The reporting warship gave her po-

sition as about 800 miles south of Cape
Henry and proceeding south in the hope
of intercepting the raider,

TOURAINE FAILS TO SAIL.

Lack of

 

 

Coal for the

Causes a Delay.

; The French lMner Touraine, scheduled
to sail yesterday afternoon for Havre
did not get away becayse of coal short-
age, The company wich has the con-
tract for coaling her was unable to get
the barges necessary to supply her
| bunkers from Communipaw on tine,
It was said that the ship might leave
at 9 o'clock this morning. Some of the

‘passengers remained aboard, while the
larger part went to hotels or places of

amusement to await notification of the
‘eailing hour, Some passengers showed
nervousness, fearing that the
| might be molested by the German raider,

They were reassured by the officials of
years old and a | the line, who said it was utterly impos-
sible for the German cruiser to operate

in two widely separated parts of the At-
‘lantle at one time, ‘
The Touraine will carry 120 passen-

      

   

to- | corpe,
Physicians declaved it one of the | —_— ——

ny

GREAT BEAR BPRING WATER.
60c. the case of six glass stoppercd bottles,

| 4a.

>

i

German prisoners’ in the!

Re-!

parri, Papal Secretary of State, to Cardi- |

ma-}

on trial, he has already pleaded in their!

been carried off far!

' tificates and how the priests shall form, |

Picked Up!

1,500 miles south of Cape Henry, appar |

Voyage |

Touraine

   

p gers, one-third of whom are soldiers re-
poultice that shut off respiration caused | turning to the front and twelve young |

|
|
bids sub- E death of John Capelle, aged 16, at Americans belonging to the ambulance | ter.

 

'24 SHIPS SUNK,

THREE SEIZED,

}

~ BYNEW RAIDER

‘German Cruiser Operates in
é
South Atlantie, Elud-
ing Pursuit.

 

‘TOTAL LOSS $0 FAR

MAY BE $10,000,000

!

| British Cargoes Sent to Bot-

/ tom and Crews Placed
on Prison Vessels.

‘IDENTITY OF OCEAN
TERROR A MYSTERY

 

‘Is Said to Be the Vineta,

| Armed With 12 Guns and
Four Torpedo Tubes.

 

; A new German sea raider that
slipped through the British cordon at
least six weeks ago has sunk or cap-
tured twenty-four merchant ships, all
_but two of them of the Entente na-
tions, off the ceast of South America.
Eluding pursuit, the raider is believed
to be still at work in the trade routes
of the South Atlantic.
A Pernambuco newspaper, the Jornal
Pequeno, prints a statement attributed
:to the purser of the British steamer
Netherby Hall, that the raider sank
jan English ship without warning and
i that 400 persons are believed to have
lost their lives.
This new raider conducted opera-
| tions in the same manner as earlier
German craft of the same kind, whose
exploits she has exceeded. Crews of
}sunken ships were put on captured

 

|ships, which were told to make for
jland. The first of three such ships,
; the Japanese Hudson Maru, put into
{the Brazilian port of Pernambuco on
,; Monday night, and so the presence of
; the formidable German raider became

jpublic..property.

Hiundredas of Snilors Missing.

Aboard the Hudson Maru were the
captains and 237 men of the crews of
vessels destroyed between December
12 and January 12. The British steam-
ship Yarrowdale, with 400 refugees
from sunken ships, has not turned up,
and no word has come from the St.
Theodore, upon which a prize crew
was placed, evidently with the inten-
tion of sending her to port with prie-
oners,

Americans were in the crews of two
| of the sunken ships, the British steam-
ships King George and Georgic. The
, sinking of one Danish and one Norwe-
|gian ship is reported, but by far the
greater number of those sunk were
British ships. The total value of ves-
sels and cargoes may be $40,000,000.

The identity of the German cruteer
that has broken the British control of
the seas as German raiders have
broken it before is unknown, A
Buenos Ayres despatch gays she is the
protected cruiser Vineta, listed as a
training ship and completed twenty
years ago. Sailors at Pernambuco sav
| the ship's name was painted out, that
she was dead black and had twelve
guns and four torpedo tubes

Admiralty Admits Losses.

The British Admiralty has admitted
that the raider has destroyed thirteen
ships, ten British, thus making the first
| formal announcement that the German

raider whose presence has been whis-

,pered about and wirelessed over the
Seven Seas was actually operating,
Another wireless warning was sent out
last night saying that the raider had
black funnel and two masts and
was off Pernambuco last Friday, show-
ing she must have escorted the Hudson
Maru almost into port.

From the statement of the British
Admiralty and from despatches from
Buenos Ayres and Pernambueo it ap-
pears that of twenty-four merchant-
men the raider encountered she sank

one

twenty-one and used three as tenders
and floating prisons for the crews,
| Report is also made that four other

i vessels not mentioned on the Ist
long overdue. The list follows:
Georgic—White Star freighter of
10,077 tons, registered at Liverpool,
Voltaire--8,618 tons; owned by Lam-
port & Holt; built in 1913; registered
fat Liverpool
) Drina—11,488 tons; Royal Matt
Steam Packet Company, Belfast: sailed
from Rio for Liverpool on December 17,
Mount Temple— British steamer of
7,556 tons; in Government service
Netherby Hall British cargo steamer
of 2,855 tons net

are

Minieh—WDritis: cargo steamer of
| 2,381 tons net
Dramatist 5,415 tons; Charenta

Steamship Company, Liverpool.
Radnorshire-—4,319 tons: Royal Mait
| Steam Packet Company, London.

/ Samara—6,007 tons; Cie, de Sud
| Amerique, Bordeaux; Capt, Barbot.

| Ortega—8,075 tons; Pacific Steam
'

Navigation Company, Liverpool; Capt.
Kinnier; sailed qom Antofagasta for
Liverpool October 28
Hammershus--3,931 tons; Dampskils
| Selsk Danneborg, Copenhagen; Capt,
Rosenhor; sailed for Rio from Philae
delphia on December 28.
Newport Land—-Not listed in Lloyd'a
Register.
| San Giorgio
| name are listed.
Nesser-— Not listed in Lloyd's Regis-

Three vessels of that

King George -Three vessels of thig
are listed in i.toyd's, but ihe
only one of transatlantic size is the
| steamship of 3,852 tons owned by thq

name

harem encarta sear ae

 

on oa =

ae

SSN

Se

2 Spee seez
Aime

Mee
Phebe

peer er

 

=
ee

Rete PRR Ca ier ee eS aE ARS
cea A “TO

Sagat

 

Se

-
emote

——
ae

Es

=.
Stinks thes