a

 

VOL. LXXIV.—NOQ. 196.

STRANGEST OF
STOCK PANICS

ee

Enormous Declines, No Fail.
ures Known, No Banks
Ny Want Help.

-

UNION PACIFIC DOWN $25.

 

Half a Billion Knocked Off Ap-
~,. parent Values of Listed
Stocks.

 

Harriman Thinks He Knows Whe Did it
—Hasn't Sold a Share of His Pacifies
—Predicts a Shrinkage All Over the
Country, With Labor and Capital Both
More Plentiful and Cheaper --Maybe
the Rock Island Party Is Not Carrying
the Bag Now —Bankers Do Not Appre-
hend Commerctal Disaster —Trust Com-
pany Buys Heavily at the Bettom.

In the stock market yesterday there were
losses of from $10 to $20 a share in many
railroad and industrial securities which
have long been known as standard invest-
ment stocks. In the case of Reading and
Union Pacific the losses exceeded $20 a
share. On the whole security list there were
heavy net losses representing in the aggre-
gate more than half a billion dollars, to say
nothing of the losses in the outside market
and resultant losses in markets in other
cities. The average decline of twenty rail-
road stocks used for statistical purposes
was $7.81 a share, as against $5.01 on the
preceding day. The market, as the figures
show, lapsed from the condition of de-
moralization prevailing on the previous day
and on two days of last week into one of
absolute panic.

Yet whatever the Clearing House sheets
may disclose on the showdown at 11 o'clock
this morning there was no failure reported
yesterday up to the time, late in theevening,
when tired clerks and worried employers
left the banking and brokerage offices.
While on Wednesday brokers and benkers
agreed that the decline ‘was remarkable
éor the absence of failures, as, indeed, it

was dented, yesterday they char-
act the same condition as amazing.

Late in the afternoon there was an in-
formal conference of officials of the Clear-
ing House gnd representatives of some of
the largest Clearing House banks. By
personal interview and by telephone the
situation was thoroughly canvassed and
every effort was made to locate weak spots.
In the language of a prominent Clearing
House Official thie was the result of the
informal action:

“Not a single bank wants aid or is asking
for it.” ,
NOTHING LIKE IT BUT THE NORTHERN PA-

CIFIC PANIC.

The losses yesterday are comparable
only to those of the Northern Pacific
panic. There was the panic in 1873,
for instance, with more than forty failures
and no average loeses comparable with
those of yesterday, and there have been
panics since in which declines but half
a8 great caused the suspension of big
houses. Everywhere in the Street this
feature of the day was considered the most
extraordinary in the history of the Street.
Men might be dying hard, it was said, but
never before had they displayed such
endurance.

A bank officer who had been thoroughly
surprised at the prompt responses to calls
for additional collateral expressed a gen-
eral feeling in saying:

“Never have such losses been sustained
as in the last three months. With one
exception in all my experience there have
been no such heavy losses as were inflicted.
But, damn it, as far as business here is
concerned, the only thing that even looks
wrong is the quotations. I don’t know
what to make of it.”

In the big day of the Northern Pacific
panic the average loes in railroad stocks
was something ovér $8 a share, and on the
two big days the eggregate loss was $13.70
a share. compares with $12.82, the

borne in mind that stocks were selling on
a lower plane im 1901 and, therefore, the
losses were more significant.

WILD DAY IN THE MARKET.

In wide fluctuations between sales, in
differences of one or two points between
the prices in simultaneous sales, in the
frantic rush to sell at whatever price and in
the absence of buying power the market
also Was only comparable to the May, 1901,
panic. Brokers would take orders only
at the market in most cases and often there
were variations of 4, 5 or 6 points before
an order could be executed. At some times
of the day there were wide fluctuations
upward as wel) as downward, prices jumping
forward as well as backward and demon-
strating to the crowds in the brokerage
offices the extent of the confusion pre-
vailing on the floor.

Transactions for the day were in excess of
2,500,000 shares, an increase of 350,000 shares
over the previous day. With five excep-
tions the total was the greatest in the his-
tory of the exchange. It was exceeded on
the two days of the Harriman market last
August, on the day of the Lawson panic in
December, 1904, and on the two days in 1901,
when alone transactions in excess of 8,000,000
shares had been recorded. :

LONDON STARTS THE DAY BADLY. |

An unsettled condition in the London |
market preceded the local opening. The
condition there, it wae said, was very serious
not only on account of fears of the action of |
the New York market but on account of |

Continued on Third Page.

+NE

JAPANESE LABORERS EXCLUDED.

eee

Cannot Enter the United States on Pass-
Ports te Another Country or to Hawaii.
Wasurtnoton, March 14.—The President
to-day performed his part of the agreement
| with Mayor Schmitz and the school au-
| thorities of San Franciseo by signing an
i executive order affecting the immigration
{ of Japanese laborers into the United States.
| It is expected that this order will have all
the effect of an exclusion treaty with Japan

| 80 far as the admission of Japanese laborers |

| is concerned, and in view of the adjourn-
iment of the California State Legislature
j it is assumed that this action of the Presi-
dent marks the close of the Japanese schoo!
controversy. The Government has already
taken steps to withdraw its suit to enforce
the admission of Japanese pupils to the
white schools of San Francisco. The ex-
ecutive order signed to-day is as follows:

Whereas by the act entitled “An Act to
regulate the immigration of aliens into the
United States,” approved February 20, 1907,
whenever the President is satisfied that
passports issued by any foreign Government
to its citizens to go to any country other than
the United States, or to any insular possession
of the United States, orto the Canal Zone, are
being used for the purpose of enabling the
holders to come to the continental territory
of the United States,to the detriment of labor
conditions therein, it is made the duty of the
President to refuse to permit such citizens
of the country issuing such passports to
enter the continental territory of the United
States from such country or from such inau-
lar possession or from the Canal Zone: and

Whereas upon sufficient evidence produced
before me by the Department of Commerce
and Labor | am satisfied that passports is-
sued by the Government of Japan to citizens
of that country or Corea and who are la-
borers, skilled or unskilled, to go to Mexico,
to Canada and to Hawaii, are being used
for the purpose of enabling the holders thereof
to come to the continental territory of the
United States, to the detriment of labor con-
ditions therein:

I hereby order that such citizens of Japan
or Corea, to wit; Japanese or Corean la-
borers, skilled and unskilled, who have re-
ceived passports to go to Mexico, Canada or
Hawaii and come therefrom, be refused
permission to enter the continental territory
of the United States.

It is further ordered that the Secretary of
Commerce and Labor be and hereby is di-
rected to take through the Bureau of Immi-

} gration and Naturalization such measures
and to make and enforce such rules and regu-
lations as may be necessary to carry this
order into effect.

THEODORE ROOSEVELT.

Tre Waite Hovse,

Washington, March 14, 1907.

 

JAPANESE GIRLS IN SCHOOL,

San Francisco's New Rule in Effect —Corean
Children Still Barred.

San Francisco, March 14.—Nine little
Orientals applied this morning for per-
mission to enter Redding primary school
under the new ruling made by the Board of
Education yesterday.

They ranged in age from 10 to 14 years.

The school principal, Miss Deane, post-
ponedaction until afternoon, when she had
heard from the board. She examined the

te and found that all époke English
fluently. Four girls who proved to be
Japanese were admitted, but five others,
who were found to be Koreans, were sent
to the Oriental sohool.

 

TO PROTECT BRITISH IN PERSIA,

Indian Government Wii Send Troops ir
Developments Make It Necessary.
Spectal Cadle Despaich to THE Sun.

Loxpon, March 15.—A despatch to the
Daily Mail from Bombay says that owing
to the unsettled condition of the Persian
Government the Government of India is
negotiating with the British Legation at
Teheran regarding the protection of the
British consulates in Persia, Troops will
be in readiness to be despatched, but
developments will be awaited before send-
ing them lest the Persian populace be in-
flamed and the Persian Government em-
barrassed. The correspondent instances
the unrest in the Urgmi district, where the
Governor has been removed, owing to the
protests of the Britigh and American
Ministers.

The Teheran correspondent of the Mail,
recording the persistence of lawlesaness,
says that the Parliament sent ten dele-
gates to the Shah to tell him that the
anarchy in the country was due to his
wilful opposition to Parliament, which
disclaimed responsibility in the event
of “interested neighbors” taking advan-
tage of the chaos in Persia.

NO MORE DEAD FROM JENA.

No Bodies Found in Dock in Which the
Wreck Lies.
Spectal Cable Despatches to Tar Sun.

Touton, March 14.—The dock in which
the wreck of the battleship Jena lies is
now completely dry. No bodies were
found.

Those who threw themselves into the
water after the explosion are mostly dead,
and their bodies have been recovered or
are in hospital.

Panis, March 14.—President Brisson in
the Chamber of Deputies to-day thanked
the foreign Governments and rulers for
the os of sympathy they had sent
upon the at Toulon, and the Cham-
ber then adjourned as a mark of sorrow.

 

 

 

 

ROBBED HER WHILE AT PRAYER.

Negro Steals Bag Containing Laces From a
Young Weman in Grace Charch.

While on her way home on Wednesday
eighteen-jear-old Edna Antone of 60 State
street, Brooklyn, dropped into the noon-
day service in Grace Church. She had
th her $600 worth of laces in a handbag.
This she placed beside her and knelt in

While she was atill in this attitude
came into the pew and knelt near
Migs Antone glanced at her neighbor
id pulled the handbag nearer to her.

“You needn't be afraid,” said the negro,
your bag is safe.”

Mies Antone closed her eyes again, but
when the prayer was over both bag and
negro had disappeared.

The sexton of the church sent the girl
to Police Headquarters. From there an

alarm was sent out and later the negro
was picked up in West Twenty-seventh
street by ceman _of the West
Thirty-seventh street station. He was
arrai, in the West court. He
ve name as William Benson of 242
est Twenty-seventh street. The girl
identified aye a0 the man who was in the
beai

pew de °
The handbag and the laces, which were

 

4

Bg:

 

recovered, she also identified. rate
Breen held the in $1,000 for a further 1
examination. laces belonged to the |
girl’s mother.

on wee we Sees ie i" _

 

SPECIAL TRAIN TO ATLANTIC CITY

pie Se tastes ha

 

  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
    
 
 
  
 
 

—

 

W YORK, FRIDAY. MARCH 15,

 

-RELIRF FOR MONBY MARKET,

SECRETARY CORTELYOU PRO.
POSES THREE MEASURES,

 

Banks May Retain Additional Circulation
| Authorized Last Octeber—Treasury
{ Wi Purchase ®235,000,000 of 4 Per
| Cents and Allow Deposits of Customs.

| Wasurnoroy, March 14.—Three measures
| were authorized by the Seoretary of the
' Treasury to-day with the view of relieving,
#o far as possible, the demoralized financial
conditions in New York. How far these
steps will contribute to that end may be
a matter of serious question, but Secretary
Cortelyou believes this is all the Govern-
ment is justified in doing at present.
Shortly before 4 o'clock this afternoon
the Secretary announced that he would
allow those banks which under the Depart-
ment’s permission of October last took
out an aggregate of about $18,000,000 of
circulation seoured by State and municipal
bonds to keep this circulation outstanding
for the present. It was stipulated last
fall that these circulating notes should
be retired between March and August of
this year. Secretary Cortelyou feels that
in view of the present disturbance of the
market it would be unwise to call upon
the banks to retire these circulating notes.
Mr. Cortelyou alao announced this after-
noon that he would purchase bonds of the
4 per cent. issue of 1907 up to the amount of
$25,000,000, with interest up to July 1, and
that customs collectors would be authorized
to deposit receipts in national banks
under the terms of the Aldrich law recently

enacted. The Seoretary’s announcement
in full is as follows:

The Secretary of the Treasury has’ this
day announced that any bank that increased
its circulation under the terms of the De-
partment announcement of October 22, 1006,
and was required thereby to retire the same
during the months of March and August,
may retain said additional circulation upon
due notification to the Comptroller of the
Currency of ita desire soto do, without change
as to security for public deposits, until further
notice. But those banks desiring to retire
their additional circulation obtained in this
way will be required to withdraw the State,
municipal and railroad bonds now lodged
with the Treasurer of the United States as
security for public deposits and substitute
the bonds released by reason of retirement
of their additional circulation.

The amendment to section 5153 of the
Revised Statutes, by the act approved March
4, 1907, eliminated the words “except re-
ceipts from customs” and the Secretary of
the Treasury is now instructing collectors
of customs at places where it is found to be
desirable to deposit their receipts with na-
tional bank depositories already established
in same cities as the custom houses.

The Secretary of the Treasury has also
iseued a circular announcing that he will
regeem, with interest to July i, the date
of their maturity, any registered and coupon
bonds of the 4 per cent. funded loan of 1907
to an amount not exceeding $25,000,000. The
bonds may be presented at once for redemp-
tion and registered bonds should be duly
assigned to the Seoretary of the Treasury.
A copy of this circular will be matled to each
owner of registered bonds.

The circular of February 11, 1907, pro-
viding for the purchase-of these bonds at
101% flat, has been rescinded.

This circular has been sent out to holders
of registered bonds of the issue of 1907.
The text of this circular, bearing date of
to-day, signed by Secretary Cortelyou, is as
follows:

In accordance with the provisions of exiat-
ing law the Secretary of the Treasury hereby
gives public notice that he will redeem at any
time after this date, upon presentation, the
registered and coupon bonds of the 4 per
cent. funded loan of 1907 to an amount not
exceeding $25,000,000 and will pay interest to
July t, 1007, upon the bonds so presented.

Bonds intended for redemption under this
circular should be forwarded to the Secretary
of the Treasury, division of loans and cur-
rency.

Registered bonds must be duly assigned to
“the Secretary of the Treasury for redemp-
tion,” the assignments being dated and wit-
nessed by one of the officers indicated in the
note printed on the back of each bond: and
where payment is desired in the name of anv
person other than the payee of such bonds,
the assignment must be to “the Secretary of
the Treasury for redemption for account of
~~~ (here insert the name of the person in
whose favor redemption is desired).”

The circular of February 11, 1907, provid-
ing for the purchase of the 4 per cent. bonds
of the funded loan of 1907 at 101% flatis hereby
rescinded.

For the present the order affecting the
deposit of custom house receipts will prob-
ably be applied only to New York. Aa fully
one-half of the tariff duties are collected
at New York, and as the collections for
the whole country are averaging upward
of a million dollars a day, the possibilities
of this form of relief are considerable.

There ia,already a good deal of apecula-
tion as to the success of the bond buying
scheme, but it is to be considered that the
offer to purchase bonds also includes a
payment of interest up to Julyinext. The
Treasury is now in fine condition to meet
emergencies, for the available cash balance
to-day reached the high figure of $257,320,519.

MAY SUPPORT READING,

Reported That Philadeiphia Capital Will
Back the Steck To-day.

PHILADELPRIA, March 14.—A conference
was held to-night at the residence of George
F. Baer, president of the Reading Railroad.
It is reported that President MoCrea of the
Pennsylvania Railroad, half a dozen of the
foremost financiers of Philadelphia and
three of the city’s biggest merchants were

 

 

present.

The shrinkage in the price of Reading,
which is largely held here, caused the oon-
ference, which it is said was decided upon
at the dinner given to Mr. McCrea by Isaao
P. Clothier last night.

Mr. Baer could not be seen after the con-
ference, nor would any of those mentioned
ag participating see newspaper men.

It was said that a great sum had been
pledged to support Reading to-morrow,
but no confirmation of this report could
be got.

Ex-Senator Burton Will Stay in Jail.

AniLens, Kan., March 14.—A letter from
ex-Senator Burton says he considers the
report from Washington that he muat stay
in jail another th unless he pays his
fine as reliable. says he has no money
with which to pay and he does not want to
borrow it. He probably will remain at
Ironton until April 21

After alt UGHER’S the Seaton
‘mat made Be bighball famous.—Ads.

cee ee BESS EE.

 

 

 

D, L. & W. JURY DISAGREES,

“Ne Veriict In the Latest of the Sugar Re
dating Cases.
After being out more than four hours

 

| yesterday the jury in the United States |

Circuit Court announced to Judge Holt
that it had been unable to agree on a verdict
in the case of the Delaware, Lac'sawanna
; and Western Railroad Company, charged
| with violation of the Elkins anti-rabate
act in making refunds on shipments to
| Lowell M. Palmer, the routing agent of
the American Sugar Refining Company.
Counsel for the Lackawanna company
and B. D. Caldwell, its vic2-president,
who has been constant in his attendanc>
at all sessions of the trial sincsa it began
last Monday morning, were plainly dis-
appointed at the failure of the jurora to
reach a verdict.

United States District Attorney Stimson
was not prepared to say yesterday afternoon
whether the Lackawanna wouli again
be placed on trial.

The action of President Truesdale and
Vice-President Caldwell in coming into
court to testify and their willingneas to
admit the transactions with Palmer would,
it was thought, go far in disposing
the jurors favorably to the road. The
declaration of the officers that they did
not know that the repayments were to

| goto the sugar company and the frank-
neas which characterized their testimony,
it was considered, had strengthened the
case of the company immensely.

When the jurors finally showed up after

being in conference for over three hours
and reported that they had been unable
to agree Judge Holt said the case was of
such vital public interest that it was highly
| desirable that some definite decision should
be arrived at. He urged the jurors to
| Waive their private views as far as possivle
and sent them out ‘again to deliberate,
but after an hour's ggnference they*came
back with the report that an agreement
seemed out of the question. The jurors
were, it is understood, evenly divided in
their opinion as to the
guilt.
'

 

HONDURANS LOSE A BATTLE,

President Zelaya of Nicaragua Reports
the Victory.

Special Cadle Despatch to Tax Stn

Manaava, Nicaragua, March 14.—Presi- |

dent Zelaya of Nicaragua has sent a despatch
from his field headquarters at Sanchez,

Honduras, reporting that the Honduran |

forces were defeated vesterday near Tegu-
cigalpa, the capita), after two days fighting
by the revolutionists and their Nicaraguan
allies.

Many men were killed or wounded on
both sdes. Seventy officers and soldiers
of the Honduran forces were captured.
Gen. Sotero Barahona, President Bonilla's
Secretary of War, was in command of the
Hondurans.

copay

1907 .—copuright, 1907, by The Sun Printing and Publishing Association,

|A POLICE BOODLE INQUIRY.

IF THE BINGHAM BILLS ARE
KILLED IN THE SENATE

 

Legislative Investigation Pretty Certain
to Follow—Teo Much Heard About
the Corruption Fund, Now Said to
Be Between &200,000 and %300,000.

legislative investigation if Commissioner
Bingham’s police bills get slugged to death
in the Senate. It is believed that Gov.
Hughes, who has taken a direct interest in
the fate of the Commissioner's bills, will
mee to it that there is an investigation to
determine how the inspectors’ corruption
fund, which has grown to a figure not less
than $200,000 and very likely nearer $300,000,
was split up.

There's a pretty strong belief at Police
Headquarters these days that the bills will
ride through the Senate safely, though by
a narrow majority. It is known that twen-
ty-four Senators are pledged to support the
legislation Commissioner Bingham asked
for. Twenty-six votes are needed to pass
the bills, and a gain of several votes is ex-

| pected when Gen. Bingham and a party of
New York men Appear next Tuesday before
the Senate Committee on Cities to explain
| just why this legislation is required.
Another reason why success is expected
for the bills by the citizens’ committee of
fifty and others more directly interested
is their belief that when the pinch comes a
few Senators who know of the existence of
| the inspectors’ dough bag won't have the
| Nerve to stand out. A few of these are ex-
pected to get attacks of grip or tonsilitis
which are occasionally prevalent at Albany.
The inspectors have been downright frank

|
|
It is pretty certain that there will be a
|

 

 

Lackawanna's | @bout their corruption fund, and the news-

papers have told the people much about
the way it has been accumulated.

It is known that if a legislative investi-
gation comes it won't be a half hearted
investigation at all, but an inquiry which
will set about to determine how much
cash the inspectors took to Albany, where
the money was collected, who got it and
| how much. Persons working hard for
| the bill are oonfident that Gov. Hughes
will insist on just such an investigation,
| and feel that the Governor is just the sort
‘= man who will see that the principal

business would be to find out things.

There is a prospect now that the Bing-

ham bills will be made party measures

after the hearing next Tuesday, will be
adopted by a caucus of the Republican

Senators and shoved straight through.

Herbert Parsons, president of the Repub-
| lican county committee, is for the bills,

President Zelaya also reported the seizure | so is Senator Page, and William Barnes,

from the Pacific Mail steamship City of
Para of 1,000 rifles destined for the Hon-
duran Government. The seizure was made
at Corinto, a Nicaraguan port.

Mosiie, Ala., March 14.—It is reported
that the Nicaraguan Government is ar-
ranging to form military companies of
100 men in several Southern cities for ser-
vice in the campaign against Honduras.

It is said that inducements were offered
to a soldier of fortune at New Orleans
who has seen military service in nearly
every country in both hemispheres to
organize companies and prepare the men
for the trip to the tropics. This man,
who was in the Boer war, the Cuban in-
surrection, the turmoils of South Africa
and the opera bouffe wars of Central
America, admitted that he had heen ap-
proached, but declined to say from whom
the offer of a commission in the Nicaraguan
army had come.

It is known that several efforts have been
made by Nicaraguans to secure munitions
of war in this country. It is likely that
should a serious effort be made to secure
soldiers many men could be readily found
who would jump at the proposition to see
a little fighting.

 

EYNCH LAW IN AFRICA NOW.

 

Earopeans Take Punishment of Natives
Out of Official Hands.
Spectal Cable Despatch to Tax Sun

Momaasa, East Africa, March 14.—The
white residents of Nairobi are adopting
lynch law to punish natives who insult
white women. The indignation of the
Europeans is all the stronger because many
cases have gone unpunished hy the au-
thorities.

Public resentment culminated to-day
when the president of the Colonists’ Aasocia-
tion, assisted by two other Europeans,
publicly flogged three negroes outside the
court house. Practically the whole non-
official white population was present.
The Magistrate and a police officer protested,
but did not interfere.

The native population is showing un-
rest. The Government has promised to
comply with the demands of the whites that
it issue rifles and ammunition. It has
appointed a defence committee.

 

FRANK ROCKEFELLER LOSES SUIT.
Court Holds That No Frand Has Been
Shown tn Zine Mine Deal.

Sr. Louis, March 14.~The suit of Frank
Rockefeller, brother of John D. Rockefeller,
to recover $265,000 invested in a zino mine
was dismissed this afternoon in Judge
Reynolds’s court on a demurrer by the de-
fendant after all Rockefeller’s testimony
had been presented.

‘Judge Reynolds upheld the demurrer on
the ground that no fraud by Henry Cross,
whort Rockefeller sued, had been shown.
The representatives of Rookefeller, Judge

Reynolds said, who inspected the property | ang

reported favorably to him and it was not
shown that the men who opened negotiations
with him were agents of Cross, so that Cross
could not be held responsible for their state-

ments.

Reokefeller paid $200,000 for the zino mine
and ae = spent $65,000 additional in de-
velopi t.

n kefeller firat entered it it looked
like a crystal palace, he said, and he
testified that he learned later that this was
because the sides of the shafts had been
freehly washed down with water. He
charged that he had been misled as to the

| percentage of mineral the ore would assay.

Loulsville Street Car Strike Ended.

LovisviLLeE, March 14.—Through the
efforts of a committee of business men the
street car strike was ended to-night. All
strikers are to be taken back except those

arrested for attacks on the company’s
property. The men get an increase in pay.

 

Latest Marine Intelligence.

Arrived: Ss Maracas, Trinidad, March 6.
GREAT BEAR SPRING WATER,

“ite purity bes made It feaous.”~Ads.

 

| Jr., has also come out in favor of the legis-
: lation. Up to date Mr. Parsons hasn't
consented to make the bills party measures,
saying that the time hadn’t come yet for
auch action. It is thought, however, that
after the hearing, and if it becomes ap-
‘ parent that there is no other way of sav-
| ing the bills, Mr. Parsons will consent to it.

The most interesting news relative to

the fight against the Commissioner’s legis-

lation was the certainty that the corrup-

tion fund has grown to twice the size that
Tue Sun indicated it might be when it
published the first story of the inspectors’
activity a few weeks ago. Not only the
inspectors, captains, sergeants, detéctive
sergeants and detectives have chipped
in, but it is estimated that about 6,000 police-
men have practically been clubbed into
anteing $20 apiece. That would make
$120,000 from the plain cops alone, not to
speak of the cash contributed by the men
with the gold stripes.

The fund has grown swiftly from other
sources, however, The news got to Police
Headquarters yesterday that a number of
gambling houses, poolrooms, disorderly
houses and other prolific sources of easy
money have “felt called upon to add their
contributions to the good work.” Among
the gamblers that are said to have fattened
the pot are a bunch of men that run two
houses in West Thirty-second street. Their

| donation is said to have been $2,500, which
they could easily afford, as a young Western
plunger, so the story went, was trimmed
out of $15,000 at faro bank in one of the
houses last week. There were other stories
told of $1,000 contributions from poolroom
men known to the inspectors and captains,
several of them owning places in the busi-
neas district downtown. It is pretty certain,
too, that saloon keepers have been con-
tributing $100 to $250.

Before Commissioner Bingham left his
office yesterday he was asked about the
story that one of the cops attached to his
office had been approached by a policeman
for a contribution of $20. The policeman
was asked to chip in for the benefit of the
“mortuary fund,” consulted a superior
officer and was advised not to contribute.
The Commissioner said the story was true,
but that he couldn’t divulge names.

ANOTHER LEXOW INQUIRY,

What the Police Inspectors May Expect ir
They Defeat the Bingham Bi.

ALBANY, March 14.—If the police in-
spectors of New York city should succeed
in defeating the Bingham police bill they
will undoubtedly find that they have run
their heads into a noose. It may mean
another Lexow investigation of the oity.

Last Monday night there wag introduced
by Senator Page a bill that probably es-
caped the attention of the inspectors. The
reason of that probably was because the
bill was only in the interests of Charter
revision, but if the inspectors would only
take the trouble to read that bill they will
that it is of such a nature that the in-
spectors can be placed on the stand and
catechised.

This bill has the indorsement of Gov.
Hughes and was drawn by James Cotton

Meyers, chairman of the finance committee
of the New York city Board of Aldermen.
It is to be rushed through the Legislature,
for the time given the new charter com-
mission, which the bill creates, to report to
the Governor is limited to December 1.
The bill provides that the commission,
which is to be appointed by the Governor
and be com of nine members, shall
have all the powers of a legislative oom-
mittee, and it may invoke the power of any
court in the State to compel the attendance
of witnesses and the production of books

and papers. By this means t. can go into
the workings of the cs ie
They can find excuse for that in the pro-
vision of the bill which says that the com-
mission shall inquire into the workings of all

the laws affecting the government of
York city. The Gomeniiaion is alao pod

 

 

 

ized to employ counsel, so that the
would be tioned very e
To-day Senator Page word from
sod tho hearing Celene the Beane alts
°
Committee ne xt.

 

Agee Ca "
oe Bubdhl Sepiheewclegdene ha a omaha

  

 
  

 

    

.<

Pe Pe en ay
Ne piano 2h
' 7 ae

Fair aad colder to-day; fair to-morrow.

 

PRICE. TWO CENTS. ”

aT ae

crs smn cousscry. BONA LINES
UP HIS EXPERTS

—IS Pound Diamond Belt.

Special Cable Despatch to TuR® Sun.
VienNNA, March 14.—A despatch from

{And Fires at Them a 13,000
Word Hypothetical

Teheran says that an inventory of the late
Shah's jewels shows that he collected
Question.

precious stones to thagralue of $50,000,000.
HUMMEL ANSWER SLIPS iN.

| His horde contains unrivalled collec-

tion of diamonds. A belt, studded with
Lawysr Witness Declares That

diamonds, which the Shah was accustomed
to wear on State occasions, weighs eighteen
NEW CANAL COMMISSION,
Evelyn Nesbit Denied Tell-
| ing Thaw About White.
|

 

with 100 emeralde, one so large that all the |
Shah's numerous titles are engraved on it;
a sword with a diamond covered scabbard,
valued at $1,250,000; a square block of am-
ber, containing 400 cubic inches, said to
have been dropped from the skies in thé
time of Mohammed, are among the treas-
ures the valuers found. |
'
|
{
{
|
{

 

 

dollars. A wonderful silver vase, decorated
Appointed Te-day.

WaSHINOTON, March 14.—Announcement
was made at the office of the Secretary
of War to-day that the resignations of Rear
Admiral Mordecai T. Endicott, Gen. Peter
| C. Hains and Benjamin M. Harrod aa
; members of the Isthmian Canal Commis-
| sion had been accepted, to take effect to-

morrow. Appointments will then be made
| which will cause the peraonnol of the Canal
| Commission to be as follows:

John F. Stevens, chairman: Lieut.-Col.

George W. Goethals, chief engineer; Major
| David Du B. Gaillard, corps of engineers;
| Major William L. Sibert, corps of engineers:
| H. H. Rosseau, now chief of the bureau
| of yards and docks of the Navy Department:
| Col. William C. Gorgas, chief sanitary
| offloer on the Isthmus, and Jackson Smith,
| head of the department of labor and quar-
, ters
| The resignation of Joha F. Stevens,
which was submitted to the President a few
weeks ago, will take effect alyut April t
When he retires Senator Blackburn will
be appointed to fill the vacancy

as and is valued at several million
pe to Retiring Members Will Be

 

 

All SIx of Jeromo’s Afienists Sworn in at

Once and the Long (ucstion Win Not
| Be Rercad—Austin (int, Pirst Cater’,
Answers That Thaw knew What bis
| Was Doing When He Killed White
| Question Makes Much of the Lont
} Tatk J. Clinch Smith Had With the
| Srswer Aftowst
| to Stand, Delmas Ccelning to tslat
That It Be Wititirann—Fvelyn Nesbit
| _ Thaw May Be Reeated te the Stank

Prisoner —Hummet's

A new battery of e<perta wheeled ints
action yesterJay afternoon at the Thaw
j trial and turned their guns upon the position
previously taken up by the defence under
the command of Dra. Evans aod Wagner.
There were six of them, all told, and they
made a striking group as they all Hned
up around one small Bible, which disap-
peared completely from view as they laid
hands upon i while they swore individually
and collectively to tell the truth and nothing
but.

The object of swearing in the alienist
battery as a whole was to save time. It
was agreed upon between counsel for both
sides that whatever hypothetical questions
were propounded to these witnesses for the
proseoution should be read only oncs and
in the hearing of all six experts. If the
questions had to be read separately it was
figured out that it would take about nine
hours for the reading alone. There was one
horrid moment when it appeared that this
would have to be done, but the little snarl

 

NEGROES DECLARE FOR FORAKER,

Proselytizing Agent Touring the South |
Strikes OU In Mississtppt.

JAcKSON, Miss., March 14.—Severa! prom-
inent negro Republicans from all parts
of the State met here to-day and adopted
resolutions highly eulogistic of Senator
Foraker for his interest in their cause.

The resolutions declared great dissatis-
faction with the Roosevelt administration,
which gave all the fat Federal offices to
white Democrats and a change is demanded.

Roscoe Simmons, a negro politician of
New York, attended the meeting in the
interest of Senator Foraker. It is said
that Simmons is to visit every Southern
State and stir up the negroes against Roose-
velt.

 

 

 

SUFFRAGETTES SUPREME OF FER.

Willing to Sacrifice Their Hair to Gain En-
trance Inte Commons.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THE Sun.

Lowpon, March 14.— When the suffragettes
proclaimed their readiness to die for the
cause some thought the acme of renuncia-
tion had been reached, but Mrs. Martin,
secretary of the Women’s Political Union,
propounds a deeper sacrifice which they
are prepared to make. .

She says that in order to facilitate their
entrance into the House of Commons in
men's clothes without detection so that
they may make a demonstration they are
willing to have their hair shorn. An ir-
reverent reporter asked Mrs. Martin if she
had ever worn male clothes. She replied
that she should not think of answering such
a personal question.

 

entangled themselves wae straightened
out for the time being at any rate.

Dr. Austin Flint was the only member
of the expert battery to firea gun. As soon
as the collection of alienists had been sworn
in he took the stand and spent about twenty
minutes in telling about his medical edu-
cation and deeds. When he had duly quali-
fied as an expert Mr. Jerome opened up
on him with the hypothetical question
framed by Mr. Delmas. . This is the one in
response to which Drs. Evans and Wagner
had testified that,assuming all its statements
to be facta, Harry Thaw was in their opinion
insane when he shot Stanford White.

Used Delmas's Question, Too.

Mr. Jerome had hardly got under a full
head of steam when Mr. Hartridge arose
and asked, with a puzzled look, if the Dis-
trict Attorney was reading his own hypo-
thetical question. The lawyer for the de-
fence waa trying to follow it from the printed
copy Mr. Jerome had given him. The
Court informed him that it was Mr. Delmas's
question that was being read, not Mr.
Jerome's, and he sat down looking a bit
sheepish.

Mr. Delmas's question is a comparatively
meagre inquiry of only about 2,500 words or
so. It didn’t take much more than twenty-
five minutes to read it. When Mr. Jerome
wound up he asked Dr. Flint whether,
taking all ite statements as facts, he thought
that Thaw knew the nature and quality of
his act when he shot White and that it was
wrong.

“In my opinion,” said Dr. Flint, “he knew
the nature and quality of the act and that
it was wrong.” 2

If the witness had said anything elne it
would have created a sensation. As it was,
it all passed off quietly.

 

WILL SOON NAME NEW SENATOR,

Republicans Will Nominate Spooner's Sac.
cessor, but Not Elect Him Till After May 1.

Mapison, Wis., March 14.—With the
coming of former Speaker E. L. Lenroot
to-day all the candidates for the United
States Senatorship are on the skirmish line
ready for the struggle which may come
early next week in the caucus of Republican
members of the Legislature.

It is proposed to clear the table of the
Senatorial question and at the same time
abide by the opinion of the Attorney-Gen-
eral by deciding in caucus upon the Re-

ublican nominee at once and allowing the
ormality of election to wait until the resig-
— of Senator Spooner takes effect,

jay 1.

Lenroot doubtless will lead at the be-
ginning with rhaps forty votes, but
whether he will be able to get the other
dozen needed and to whom his followers
will turn in breaking are the two big ques-
tions of the situation.

 

 

UNCONSCIOUS IN SUBW AY.

 

Man Whose Name Is Supposed to Be Will-
fam McBride Found at Thirty-third St.
Passengers alighting at the uptown

Thirty-third street subway station shortly

before 10 o'clock last night noticed a man

lying at the foot of the steps. The police-
man on post was notified and on failing
to get any response from the man called
an eombulance from Bellevue Hospital.

Dr. Mitchell, who responded, found that

the man was suffering from a severe soal

wound and removed him to the hospital,

From a card in bis ome he is sup

to be William MobBride, but no dress

could be found. He is about 40 years old,
smoothly shaven and wore good clothes.

Up to midnight he had not regained con-

sciousness.

MARVIN BOY TRAVELLING.

Father Gets Word That He Was Seen on «
Santa Fe Train Bound for Galt Lake.
Dover, Del., March 14.~Dr. Horace

Marvin heard again to-day of his missing

boy. A message came from the conductor

of Atchison, Topeka and Santa F%6 train

No. 71, apprising Dr. Marvin that hie child

was at that seeedy leckiae ene copeesten’e

ter

2
z
|
R
4
3
5
3
i
$
:
i

 

 

Former Sheriff John B. Wharton
Dr. Marvin to-night and My +4
that for $wenty-aine years he,
had lived on the neighboring farm and
Bpew Foal every foot of Dr. Mar-
in's acres. “I am now
give you the opinion,” said Sh > It was then about the hour
that your boy is alive because I am satis-
fied now he is not on your farm.”

 

Hoke Smith Might Vote fer La Follette.
Cincinnati, March 14.--Governor-elect

Hoke Smith of Georgia made the princi
address to-night at the annual zn

meeting
f the Cincinnati Receivers and .
‘Assoclati ippers

init

into which Mr. Jerome and Mr: Delmas hae”