» VOL, LXXIIL—NO. 232.

FIRE RAGES
UNGHECKED ©
IN FRISCO

Sweeps Through the En-
tire City and Leaps
to. High Places,

 

NOB HILL 1S IN RUINS, |

a

More Than 30,000 Buildings
Destroyed and 300,000
» Persons Homeless.

 

MANY WOUNDED LEFT 10 DIE.

 

Rush to City From Outside Stupped
by Troops,

 

at,

We f
ROOSEVELT’S APPEAL FOR AID.

 

Asks That It Be Sent Through
the Red Cross.

 

Food Go Scarce That the Soldiers Take
Practical Control of It—Bucket Brig-
ades Formed te the City Reservoirs on
the Mille—Rich People Open Their
Homes to the Masses and Then Ali Are
Compelied to Flee—Several Looters
Ghot Down by the Reguiars—Hospltals
im the Gabarbe Crowded te Suffocation
~—Horried Removal of the Sick From
the Mechanics’ Pavillon— More Ciashes
in the Streete Among Rioters—Filight
to the Country and Across the Bay in
Small Boats Continnes—Many Women
Drop From Exhaustion—Encroach-
ment of the Flames Into the Hill District

San Francisco is gone. Unless all infor-
mation ia greatly exaggerated there remains

little of the city this morning except out-
lying suburbs, a few blocks on the water-
front and a narrow district of middle class
residences lying along Golden Gate Park.
No American clty was ever so nearly de-
ttroyed as this, and, outside of the earth-
cake, the fire is probably the greatest in
Ainerican history.

The city has a population of more than
400,000 people. Not more than one-fourth
of inase can have escaped to Oakland or
the peninsula, and at beast’ 300,000 people
mist he homeless in the parks or the Pre-
ridio military reservation. Nearly all the
hospitals have been destroyed, and am-
bulances have been dragging the injured,
sick and dying from place to place of safety
all day.

A late report by a Western Union wire
from San Francisco confirms the
despatch which Gen. Funston sent to the
War Department earlier in the evening.
He said then that the flames had crossed
Van Ness avenue, the dividing line between
the better residence district and the rest of
the city, and that the town was doomed.

As a matter of fact, everything worth
mentioning except this residence district
was burned over or on fire by yesterday
afternoon. The flames finished with the
business district; ran south through what
remained of the tenement district; ex
tended out through the Mission, a region
of cheap residences, and leaped to Nob
Hill, where stand the great mansions of the
early day California millionaires.

Before that time the water supply had
been wholly exhausted. Even the sewers
were sucked dry. At 2 o’olock the firemen
brought to the volunteer helpers the news
that there was no more dynamite. It
Passel from mouth to mouth.

“No more dynamite!” This cny was the
doom of San Francisoo.

Asa last resort Gen, Funston emptied the
artillery magazines of the Presidio and
the troops and firemen tried to make a
last stand at Van Ness avehue, west of
‘hich lies the homes of the rich and well
fo do. Funston’s telegram last night
owed that they had failed, and the late

oa = == a el nee al eS

direct

 

1:25 P. M. SATURDAY SPECIAL
TO ATLANTIC CITY
April 21 and 28, via Pennsylvania Railroads Buffet
Parlor cars and coaches. Spectal train of parlor
vars and dining car (mo coaches) leaves Atlantic
City for New York at 4:30 P. M. Sundays, April 22
ad 2. Stop at Nepark in each direction.—Ade,

‘

news over the direct Western Union wire’

confirmed this,

Many must have died in the fire, At
least four men were shot during the day
for looting. The unburied dead, many
of them, half burned in the ruins, are be-
coming a problem. It may become neces-
Bary to sink many bodies in the bay or
ocean. Owing to the fire, which caught
many structures before the dead could be
taken out of them, the real mortality will
never be known.

It is hard to estimate the loas in money.
It may be said that praotically all improve-
ments on real estate and a great part of
the personal property are gone. The loss
will certainly be more than $200,000,000.
The last assessment roll gives the value of
land and improvements in San Francisco
at $402,000,000. The insurance held in San
Francisco was estimated in New York
yesterday at from $350,000,000 to $390,000,000.
This estimate is based on the payments on
premiums. The housing of the homeless
people who must have slept in the parks
and the military reservation last night is
going to be a great problem. So, indeed,
is their feeding. No supplies can come
into the town at present. The people have
been living on the supplies taken from
grocery stores and handed out by the
soldiers, but the wholesale houses are gone
with the stores of provisions, and starvation
is imminent.

There is plenty of money in sight for re-
lief. The Government has appropriated
a million dollars and at least a half million
is awaiting orders in New York. The
problem, however, is not so much one of
money as of ways and means of getting
supplies through quickly.

This is absolutely the greatest disaster
that ever overcame an American city, anc
one of the great fires of history. Beside
it the Chivago, Boston and Paltimore fires
are almost unimportant.

 

THE CITY OF THE MAD.

Pitifal Scenes as’ the Destruction of the
Great City Goes On.

OAKLAND, Cal, April 19.—San Francisoo
is apparantly gone. To the west, across
the bay, there is nothing but a great cloud
of smoke, shot to-night with streams of
fire and shaken now and then with the dy-
namite explosions by which they are trying
vainly to check it. The fire is now every-
where.

Every refugee who makes his way to us
through the smoke cloud brings news of
a new region burning and gone. As nearly
as we can learn, it has run all the way down
the Mission Valley, taking the little houses
of the working people, leaped up the Cal-
ifornia street hill, taking Chinatown in its
path, and swept away the mansions which
have crowned the city and is breaking out
sporadically in the Western Addition, where
live the prosperous people.

So it has spared nothing, for the business

ln

+NEW YORK,

 

district is already gone, and the fire is reach- |

ing further and furtheréevery hour into the
tenement district to the south. It has
taken all the thickly crowded parts of the
tenement district and is reaching toward
the thinly scattered parts on the Potrero.
How much will be left when the fires finally
burn down and go out we cannot dare to
guess. If there is anything left, it will
be the hills of the western addition. It is
hard to see how anything else, absolutely
anything, can escape.

Without sleep, many of us without food,
we watched all night, all day, looking off
toward that veil of fire and smoke which
hides from us the city which has become
a hell. Back of that sheet of fire, and re-
treating backward every hour, must be most
of the people of the city, forced toward the
Pacific by the gradual advanoe of the
flames.

PARK AND PRESIDIO AS HAVENS.

Thank heaven for the open space of the
Presidio and for Golden Gate Park! The
great park, largest in any American city,
runs on its western extent past a thinly
populated district. The flames cannot
leap across that; it will shelter the inhabi-
tants on their last stand. The Presidio,
wide spreading and with only a few houses,
is also safe, provided that the forests which
form part of its area do not catch on fire,
There is at least an escape; but half the
people whom the fires have cut off from
the waterfront and an escape from the
peninsula are homeless.

This afternoon a launch ventured out

from the Oakland waterfront and made
the run as far as the Gate. The bay is
overhung with smoke, but a change of the
wind blew a rift as they passed the Western
Addition, which stands on the hills skirting
the bay. Through this rift the passengers
could see sporadic fires in a dozen places
and the little black forms of men fighting
the flames without water, This part of
the city may be saved--probably will be—
but it will owe it to the scattered buildings
in that part of the city and to the character
of California redwood, which smoulders
rather than burns.
- Ofora rain! The time of heavy rains
is over; but often at this season of the year
there comes a gentle and soaking spring
rain. We cannot see the heavens for the
smoke; but the fee) of the air is dry, and
even that mercy seems to be denied,

@PREAD OF THE FLAMES AT NIGHT.

At intervals news comes to us from the
refugees of what is doing behind the smoke
cloud. ‘It appears that the area of the
flames spread all night. People who had
decided that their houses were outside of
the dangerous area and had decided to
pass the night, even after the terrible ex-
perience of the shake up, under thei roofs,
hourly gave it up and struggled to the
parks. There they lay in blankets, their
a aac arate rehearse

The New York Centrat Shrine tour to California
will be run As advertised. If hotels at San Fran-
cisco are not available our poppe wili be cared for
at nearby resorts. Write M. C. Roach, Ass't Gen'l
Pass'r Agent. 1216 Broadway City.—Ade,

tee

choloest valuables by their sides, and the
soldiers kept watch and order. ‘
BUCKET BRIGADES /FORM@D.

There is no water in the mains; the main
suffering was from thirst. The soldiers,
disregarding the order not to let people
move about, permitted bucket brigades to
go forth and bring back water to relieve
the women and the orying children. To
reach the water it was necessary some-~
times to go a mile to one of the four reser-
voirs which top the hills.

I talked to one man who slept in Alta
Plaza. The fire was going on in the district
south of them, and at intervals all night
exhausted fire fighters made their way to
the plaza and dropped, with the breath
out of them, among the huddled people
and the bundles of household goods. The
soldiers, who are administering affairs with
all the justioe of Judges and all the devo-
tion of heroes, kept three or four buckets
of water, even from the women, for these
men, who kept coming all the night long
There was a little food, also kept by the
soldiers for these emergencies, and the
sergeant had in his charge one, precious
bottle of whiskey, from which he doled
out drinks to those who were utterly ex-
hausted.

Over in a corner of the Plaza a band of
men and women were praying, and one
fanatic, driven crazy by horror, was crying
out at the top of his voice:

“The Lord sent it, the Lord!”

His hysterical crying got on the nerves of
the soldiers and bade fair to start a panio
among the women and ohildren, so the
sergeant went over and stopped it by force.
All night they huddled togethér in this hell,
with the fire making it bright as day on all
sides; and in the morning the soldiers, using
their sense again, commandeered a supply
of bread from a bakery, sent out another
water squad, and fed the refugees with a
semblance of breakfast.

There was one woman if the crowd who
had been separated from her husband in a
rush of the smoke and did not know whether
he was living. The women attended to her
all night and in the morning the soldiers
passed her through the lines in her search.
A few Chinese made their way into the
crowd. They were trembling, pitifully
scared and willing to stop wherever the sol-
diers placed them. This is only a glimpse
of the horrible night in the parks and open
places. ,

RICH OPEN THEIR HOUSES.

We learn here that many of the well to do
people in the upper residence district have
gathered in the strangers from the highways

and byways and given them shelter and | the Mission

comfort for the night in their living rooms
and drawing rooms. Shelter seems to have
come more easily than food. Not an ounce
of supplies, of course, has come in fortwo
days, and most of the permanent stores are
in the hands of the soldiers, who dole them
gut to all comers alike. But the hungry
cannot always find the military stores and
the news has not got about, since there are

|no newspapers and no regular means of

communication.

An Italian tells me that he was taken
in by a family living in a three story house
in the fashionable Pacifico avenue, There
were twenty refugees who passed the night
in the drawing room of that house, whose
mistress took down hangings to make
them comfortable. In the morning all
the food that was left over in that home
of wealth was enough flour and baking
powder to shake together a breakfast for
the refugees. They were hardly ready to
leave that house when the fire came their

i ee

 

|

 

]

 

 

Portsmouth square with the Chinese on
the firat day. Then a policeman shot one
of them, and this had a good effect. Rut
to-day they broke looses, and, ‘joining
with the rescuers, began to go through the
buildings.

In the early afternoon one of these cattle
came staggering out of a wine house on
Green street, his arms filled with champagne
bottles, and already half drunk with brandy
which he had found in the wreck. A soldier
of the Thirteenth caught and held him.
The orders of the troops are discretionary.
The soldiers in ohargs stood him againet
the burning building and ehot him befora
he knew what they were goingtodo. Three
others were shot in the back on the run as
they tried to get away with their plunder.
There must have been a great deal more of

this. : '
MORE LARGE BUILDINGS GO.

What oan one eay in detail of the disaster
except that the whole town not already
burned must go? The business district,
inoluding all the big structures which es-
caped the fire of the first day, is gone.
To-day the flames have taken the Merchants’
Exchange buflding, brand new and ten
stories tall, and Mechanios Pavilion, which,
after housing prizefights, conventions and
great balls, found its last use as an emer-
genoy hospital. When it was seen that it
could not last every vehicle in sight was
impressed by the troops, and the wounded,
some of them frightfully mangled, were
taken to the Presidio, where they will be
out of danger and find comfort in tents.
The physicians are working on, without
sleep and almost without food. ‘There is
food, however, for the injured—the soldiers
have seen to that. Even the soldiers are
flagging and are keeping guard in relays,
while the relieved men sleep on the ground
where they have dropped.

BIG OLUBS AND CHURCHES Go.

Early in the day the fire struck Union
Square, the prettiest park in the city, where
stands the St. Francis Hotel. The tourists
were gone from there long ago and the fire
found only an empty building, which it
gutted. On the way it burned up the house:
of the Bohemian, Pacifico Union and Family
clubs and the big retail shops along Post
street, The separate fire in the residence
district took St, Luke's, the biggest Epis-
copal church, There is no word of the fate
of the First Presbyterian, which stands only
a block away, but this must have gone with
St. Luke's. All along that street are old
mansions, built of wood, after the fashion
of the '70s, and these too must have gone.

When day broke the fire was running into
district. This is a low country
which runs from the terminus of Market
street to the suburbs, In a general way it
is the habitation of the aristocracy of the
working class, although it is sprinkled with
old time residences, notably the house of
James D. Phelan, ex-Mayor of San Fran-
cisco, This went, too. Everything that is
attacked goes. The dynamite only checks
it. Nothing but rain can save the city now.

FALL OF THE CLIFF HOUSE.

The Cliff House, which stood on a preci-
pice over the ocean facing the rocks where
the seals barked all the year round, has
pitched into the sea, This news was con-
firmed to-day by the captain of a little
schooner which shot the Gate without a

tow and managed miraculously to make |

dockage in Oakland. Far out at sea he

| saw the city as a puff of smoke which be-

 

came a blinding haze as he crawled nearer
to land. He reports vessels standing off
the heads, afraid to venture in because of
the smoke and the lack of tows. All day

ery and the people of the house, together | »..615 in the harbor, fearing that the fire
with the refugees, who included two | jieht reach them in some way, pulled out

Chinese, made their way to the open ground
of the Presidio With them streamed a
procession of folks carrying valuables in
bundles.

TALES OF HEROISM AND CRIME.

There came out, too, tales of both heroiam
and crime. The firemen have been at it
for thirty-six hours under such conditiéns
as firemen never faced before, and they
are practically out of it. They attempt to
do little more than give directions, while
the volunteers, thousands of young Western
men who have remained to see it through,
do the work. The troops have all that
they can do to handle the crowds in the
streets and prevent panios. The work of
dynamiting, tearing down and rescuing is
in the hands of the volunteers.

This morning an eddy of flame from the
edge of the burning wholesale district ran
up the slope of Russian Hill, the highest
eminence in the city. All along the edge
of,that hill and up the slopes are little frame
houses-which hold Jtalians and Mexicans.
A corps of volunteer aides ram along the
edge of the fire, warning people out of the
houses. But the flames ran too fast and
two women were caught in the upper story
of an old frame house. A young man tore
a rail from a fence, managed to climb it, and
reached the window, He bundled one wo-
man out and slid her down the rail; then the
roof caught fire. He seived another woman
and managed to drop her on the rail, down
which she slid without hurting herself a
great deal. But the roof fell while he was
struggling with another woman and they
fell together into thegiames. There must
have been hundreds of such heroisms and
dozens of such catastrophes. We are s0
drunken and dulled by horror that we take
such stories calmly now. Weare saturated,

MPN SHOT FOR LOOTING.

There is a darker side, too. At least
four men have been shot for looting. There
are no wharf rate in the world worse than
those which infest the San Francisco water-
front. Terror and the presence of troops
kept most of these people penned up in
\TLANTIC CITY AUTOMOBILE RACES _
April 25, 26 and 27, Superior service via Pennsy|-

vania Railroad. Through fast
every day.—Adr.

express trains

 

For people who are tn a hurry and yet want per
fect comfort In travelling, the New York Central

offers unequalled facilities.— Ade,
'

through the Gate. There are rumors that
some of them collided and sank.
CHINA BASIN SINKS.

Along the wharves" the fire tugs, of whose
work little has been heard, have paved
most of the docks. But now the Pacific
Mail dock has been reached and is out of
control, and finally China Basin, which
waa filled in for a freight yard at the ex-
pense of $1,000,000, has sunk into the bay
and the water is over the tracks. This is
one of the greatest single losses in the
whole disaster. :

There is no use in going any further with
the detailed news of the damage. Except
the better residence district, which has
not gone yet, but is going fast, and the
outlying suburbs, include everything else

in the list—all gone, skyscrapers, business

 

blocks, hotels, churches, public institutions,
even hospitals. The Southern Pacific Hos-
pital in the Mission was in danger this morne
ing, but by dynamiting all the surrounding
district the firemen saved it for the time at
least. The regular City Hospital, eo far
out of town that it must be spared, is
crowded, even to mattresses on the floors.
Many bodies were left in the ruin of the
Valencia Hotel on Seventeenth and Valen-
cia streets, and they will now be consumed
in the flames. In fact, this must happen
all over the city. Any one who knows San
Francisco must realize that in the first
tumble of the tenement house district
south of Market street many little, crazy
structures must have gone by the board.
Each of these probably buried its two or
three victims; and now the hot rush of
flames has gone over the district, ao that
bodies will be consumed utterly. For thie
reason it is unlikely that any one will ever
know just how many people were killed.
An estimate of the dead grows more and
more difficult as the fire goes on.

RUIN IN GOLDEN GATE PARK.

Not even the parks, the camping ground
of the desolate city to-night, have been
spared. Golden Gate Park is topped by a
round hill, at the top of which there stood
a great, open arcade, used as a playground
for children. That is in ruins, and the roof
of the tropigal conservatory, the pride of

 

 

Equinox Lithia, Sparkling

 

' N.Y. offices, 108 W. Bway, Tel. 6151 Franklin. ~Ade,

 

‘

 

 

the park system, isdown. In Union Square;
where stood the St. Francis Hotel and where
many people slept last night before the
flames reached it, the Dewey Mounment, a
high shaft of granite and bronze, has shifted
from ita base and is leaning like the Tower
of Pisa. The troops kept people away
from it all last night.
CITY GOVERNMENT SEAT SHIFTED.

The seat of city government and of mili-
tary authority has shifted with every shift
of the flames, Mayor Schmitz and Gen.
Funston are sticking close together and
keeping in touch with the firemen; the
polioe, the volunteer aides and the oom-
mittee of safety through couriers. At
present their headquarters must be some-
where out in the Western Addition or toward
the Presidio. By morning they will prob-
ably have been pushed baok into the military
reservation. The branch of the firé which
is sweeping the Western Addition must
have reached Mayor Sohmitz's residence
by this time.

BXPLOBIVES FROM THE PRESIDIO USED.

There are louder reverberations along
the fire line to-night; and we know from
this that the supplies of guncotton and
cordite from the Presidio have been oom-
mandeered and that the troops and the few
remaining firemen are making their last
etand at about Van Ness avenue, which
crosses the residence district, to save what
remains of the Western Addition. Theregue
lar supplies of dynamite and giant powder
are already gone and a requisition was
passed in to the military authorities early
in the day.

Much damage has been done by ignorant;
careless and premature use of explosives.
This morning when the fire reached the
Municipal Building on Portsmouth square
the nurses, helped by soldiers, got out fifty
bodies in the temporary morgue and a num-
ber of patients in the receiving hospital.
Just after they reached the street a building
was blown up and the flying bricks and
splinters hurt several of the soldiers who
had to be taken to the out of door Presidio
Hospital with the patients. In dynamiting
a building on Sixth street Lieut. Charles
C. Pulis, Twenty-fourth Company, Light
Artillery, was severely injured. His skull
was fractured and several of his bones
broken.

And the troops have shut down with
fron hands on the city. For where one
man was homeless last night five are home-
less to-night. With the fire runing all
along the waterfront, few have managed
to make their way over to Oakland; the
people are prisoners in the peninsula.

There were barely enough soldiers to
hold the people in last night, and now their
work is multiplied by five. They are taking
no chances. They are enforcing the rule
against moving about except to escape
the flames, and no one absolutely can enter
the city who has once left. All this we
get second hand from the refugees who
have made their way over by boat and

ferry.
| The horror of it has spread to Oakland,
but we are hardly sensible of it if our con-
templation of the greater horror behind
| that cloud of smoke. National Guards-
| men, realizing the danger caused by the
refugees piling up in Oakland, have put
us also under practical martial law. Rooms
| in hotels would sell at ten times their regu-
lar price were there any to sell. There
are few instances of extortion in this re-
spect; the people in their present temper
would not stand it. But every few minutes
there float through the suburbs into town
those prooéssions of miserable, smoke-
blackened, haggard, weeping people which
made yesterday the beginning of this hell.

N@w jand then you recognize some man,
dressed like-a tramp, dirty, dragging a
miserable woman, as a prosperous business
man or a sleek clerk whom you have known
in San Francisco. They come to us hungry,
roainly penniless, fairly begging some-
thing to eat from the public kitchens which
the soldiers have set up in the streets.
Public halle, the basements of churches
and the squares have been set apart for
their use. Such houses as have accommo-
dations to spare are being used for the
sick, the wounded and the scorched who
are arriving every hour.

In addition to those injured by falling
walls and by fire, many frail women and
delicate chilMren have broken down with
exhaustion and with actual disease caused
by the exposure. News came of one woman
who has been dragged from ‘park to park
since the first shock and who was finally
got out by boat to-night dying to-night
with her newborn child, of a little girl dead
with pneumonia, of a man suffering from
internal injuries who succumbed on the
boat on the 'way over.

The well and hearty are crowding the
open country and th® heights about ae
Merritt. Still, the after feeling of the
great shook is over them all. They seem
to fear houses and Jow lands, remembering
that time when the earth seemed to be going
away from them. Every one feels that.
The slightest vibration of a house stiffens
people like an electric shock, arfd the slight
swaying which follows the explosions of
dynamite is wearing out our nerves. People
are crying, praying, muttering to them-
selves on the streets, and no one pays any
attention. We have become a city of the
mad.

MAYOR ORDERS TROOPS TO sHOOT.

Mayor Schmitz this afternoon issued the
following proclamation to the people of
San Francisco:

“The Federal troops, the members of the
regular police force and all special police
officers have been authorized to kill any
and all persons caught engaged in looting
or in the commission of any other crime.

“T have directed all the gas and electrio
light companies not to turn on gas or eleo-
tricity until I order them to do so. You

a

 

 

 

After ali, Usher's the Sootoh

 

 

 

that mede the bighball famous.—Adp. \

=e

20, 1906, Copvrioht, 1906, by Phe Sun Printing and Publishing Aesociation.

FRIDAY, APRIL

i
a
eee eaeeeeeeneeennenree= seme eeyees

 

5 rik’ 4 ae a
ere ts a et | RE

eal

 

mi) a ag ‘ be

 

south. to west winds

 

may therefore expect the city to remain
in darkness for an indefinite time.

“I request all citizens to remain at home
from darkness until daylight every night
until order is restored.

“I warn all oltizens of the ganger of fire
from damaged or destroyed ohimneys;
broken or leaking gas pipes or fixtures
or any like cases.”

Mayor Schmitz has addressed an appeal
to the people of nearby towns aaking for
bread and food supplies of all kinds, tenta
and bedding. Golden Gate Park will be
the place where the destitute will be taken
care of.

TO BLOW UP SIXTEEN BLOCKS.

The committee of safety decided to-day
to resort to the most heroio measures yet
undertaken since the city has been in the
path of devastation. The decision was
to bombard the entire part of the city lying
along the east side of Van Ness avenue
from Golden Gate avenue to Pacific avenue;
sixteen blocks in all, containing the homes
of many millionaires and apartment houses.

The military was notified of this action
and barrels of gunpowder, the only remain-
ing explosive in the city, were taken from
the Presidio and othe¥ nearby posts. Hun-
dreds of police, regiments of soldiers and
scores of volunteers were sent into the
doomed district to warn the people to flee.
Every available wagon was taken by the
military to carry the powder. The Presidio
reservation, the vast Richmond district of
thousands of acres, Golden Gate Park and
the surrounding hills resemble one great
picnio ground. Tents and improvised cov-
erings have been erected everywhere, fire-
places built in the streets, beds arid mat-
tresses thrown down all over the region.

To-day was bright and warm. The sun
beat down on the tired workers and rescuers.
There was scarcely any water to relieve
the thirst of the suffering. The heat was
threatening danger, for the dead, in many
instances, were lying in the streets and
ruins.

The authorities are doing all in their
power to remove the bodies in order that
a pestilence may be prevented. It has
been necessary repeatedly to move the in-
jured from places where they had sought
refuge, for the fire kept increasing with
alarming rapidity. Water is the incessant
cry of the firemen and the people. The
former want it to fight the flames, the others
to drink, but there is only a scant drinking
supply.

Food, except that commandeered by the
troops, went up to famine prices. De
tachments went about all day taking pos-
session of the supplies in groceries and
delicatessen stores and piling them up for
the common good of all. Before the stores
whioh were spared there stood lines of men
and women which ran in some cases fof a
Diock long, Offefing anything for bread
or canned goods.

Bread went up to seventy-five cents a
loaf. Ten cents a piece was offered for
ordinary soda crackers, a dollar a pound
for ham and bacon and a dollar and a half
to two dollars for canned goods. There
are no quotations on fresh meat, because
none is to be had.

The troops have been ordered to permit
no fires to be lighted in houses. So before
last night fell there were hundreds of cook
stoves in every park and women in all
stages of undress were preparing @ supper,
which was eaten standing, often without
dishes. There was no time for table man-
ners. Early this morning the troops
passed from park to park in wagons dis-
tributing ground coffee; so that most of
the homeless people began the day with at
least that stimulant.

The few who stayed with their houses
had to depend for light on candles. The
Mayor had given atrict orders that no ‘at
tempt should be made to turn on any gas
or electric lights. This was rather un-
necessary, as the power houses of the
electric company are down, the wires are
fallen and the gas works have blown up.
Candles, too, sold at a great premium,

and any relief supply trains should bring |

along a supply of candles.

FUNSTON REPORTS CITY'S DOOM,

Fire Invades Fashtonable Residence Dis-
trict--Total Destruction Certain.

Wasuinaton, April 19.—The followihg
telegram from Gen. Funston, dated San
Francisco, was received at the War De-
partment at 8:35 o'clock this evening: ,

“Fire crossed Van Ness avenue to west
at 330 P.M. Almost certain now that ean-
tire city will be destroyed. Have ordered
troops from Monterey and everything is
going as well as could be expected, On
account of confusion it has been impossible
to locate individuals inquired for, but at-
tention will be'given that matter as soon as
practicable.”

The whole regiment of the Twentieth In-
fantry is at Monterey.

Several messages had been sent to Gen.
Funston concerning the whereabouts of
friends and relatives of prominent persons
here and elsewhere, and it is to those he
refers in the despatch.

Van Ness avenue is a broad thorough-
fare running through the fashionable resi-
dence district. It enters Market street
about a mile from the Palace Hotel. !

At 8:40 P. M. this came from Gen. Fun-
ston:

"Official report at these headquarters this
date states that the Sub-Treasury is en-
tirely destroyed by fire, with the exception
of the vaults, which contain all cash on
hand. Suitable guards have been ordered
to protect this money.”

Capt. Powell of the Marine Corps, sta-
tioned at San Francisco, has telegraphed
Gen. Elliott, -ommandant of the corps,
that all of the books,-supplies, records and
effects of the Marine Corps in the quarters
in Rialto street were destroyed. —The loss
is about $100,000. ,

 

Imte purity and old mak i
pber Scoteb welcomed everywheresage ‘heal

4

 

PRICE TWO CENTS.

PEOPLE DAZED
ASDOOMFELL

ON THE CITY

$$$

When the Dynamite Gave
Out Hope Was Given Up

and Despair frose,

ARMY EXPLOSIVES USED

ere en

Vain Effortto Check the Flames
When They Began to Jump
Wide Streets,

et

FIREMEN GAVE UP THE FIGHT.

 

Engines Sucked Some of the Sew-
1 brs Dry Before Quitting.

 

BUSINESS DISTRICT A BLOT.

 

Property Loss Is Now Estimated at
More Than $200,000,000.

 

The Inhabitants Yesterday Understoed
Fully That the Old San Francisco Was
Gone Utterly—Exhanstion of the Dynas
nilte Supply Sealed the Doem of the
Piace—Word Was Passed Along From
Mouth té Mouth fn the Night and the
_ People Thereafter Stood Damb—No
Longer Apy Business Quarter or Down-
town District—-Black Rain Has Swept
Them Out of Existence—A New City
Must Be Butit if There Is to Be a Mee
the Golden Gate-—The
Terror of the Night—Ruins Tangled,

tropolls at

San FRANCISCO, April 19, 8 P. M.—At this
hour San Francisco ita in the waste of her

| ruins awaiting the time when the flames
| that have already taken out her vitais shall
have worn themselves out through the very

lack of that fuel. Hope has gone. The
| whole city seems doomed.
| With black rvin covering more than

séyen square miles in its very heart the
| city now waits in a stupor the ivevitable
| reign of starvation and possible anarchy
| that must crowd’ close upon the cisaster.
| The flames are now eating out the central
| paicen oe portion about the Western Ad-
| éition and fashionable Pacific Heights, | —
After sucking dry eveh the sewers, the fire
| engines have either been abandoned or
moved to the outlying districts in the vain
{ hope that the water mains broken by the
earthquake may be repaired in time to permit
ofa final stand being made against the whirl-
wind march of the flames.

“No more dynamite! No more dynamite!" a
fireman ran shriekidg up Ellis street past
the doomed Flood building at 2 o'clock this
moming, and gs he ran tears sprang from
his smoke smirched eyes.“ No more dynas
mite!” moaned the crowd that stood list.
lessly in the glare of approaching’ flames.
“No more dynamite, and we are lost!”

So at 2 o'clock, with the explosive ex.
hausted and not @ dozen streams of water
being thrown in the entire fire zone, the
stunned fire fighters and the stupid people
sat still to watch the remhant of the city
burn.

There is no help. Water gone, powtler
gone, hope“even now a fiction, the fair
city by the Golden Gate is doomed to be
blotted from the sight of man.

The atrioken people, who wander through
the streete in pathetic hopelessness and sit
upon their ecattered belongings, have
reached the stage of dumb, uncaring de-
spair.. A city dissolving before their eyes
has no significance longer.

Marius sitting among the ruins of Care
thage sgw not such aight as presenta iteclf
in the dim haze of the emoke pall across
the bay. Ruins, stark naked, yawning at
fearful angles and pinnacied into a thou-
sand fearsome shapes, mark the site of
what waa three-fourths of the total area
of the city. ;

There is no business \uarter—tt is gone.
There is no longer a hotel district, a theatre;
a place where night beckoned to pleasure,
Everything gone. Only a part of fhe resi-
denoe domain‘of the city remains, and

§ HOURS TO ORI 5
PENNSILVANEA SPROKL
New York 3:55 P. M ae Chicago 6:55
via Pennsylvania Rall » Otber fast
Rock ballast roadbed.—Adg, -

ae. = -6-Alnge

 

Leaves
A. My
# trains.

y

we!

Fair to-day and to-morrow; to fres

 
  
   

“ui

om
ae

 

a>

Sh a

q

“4