—

VOL. LXXIL—NO, 200,
HAY, ILL, SAILS POR NAPLES,

SECRETARY ALMOST COLLAPSES
AS HE BOARDS THE CRETIC.

-

 

 

In Bed When the Ship Leaves—Has to Bo
Helped Aboard—Has Had the Grip,
Sirs. Hay Says, and Is te Re Gone Six
Weeks—Trip Selely for Reoreation,

Secretary of State John Hay sailed yee-
terday noon for Naples on the White Star
liner Cretic apparently a very sick man.
So feeble was be that he practically collapsed
after climbing a flight of stairs leading to
the second floor of the pier, He was una-
ble to walk to the gangplank and was
taken there in a wheel chair. In board-
ing the ship he had to be supported by his
eon Clarence and Henry White, Am-
bassador to Italy, who came to see bim off.

He was put to bed in his stateroom immed-
ietely, and was apparently very weak. The
Cretic signatied to Sandy Hook as she
passed out that Mr. Hay was much better.
His friends and relatives who were at the
pier said that Mr. Hay had been suffering
from the grip and that his weakness was
due to overexertion in climbing the stairs.

It was not generally known that Mr.
Hay was illalthough it had been announced
that he was to take a sea trip for rest and
recreatiod. Not a suggestion that he was
suffering from the grip came from Wash-
ington and the date of his departure and
the ship were not announced.

Mr. Hay, Mra. Hay, their son Clarence
and Ambassador White drove up to the

that the exposure at the Capitol during
the inaugural ceremonies helped to ag-
gravate the slight bronchial trouble which
he contracted when he had the grip.

Few people here realized that Mr. Hay
was more than slightly indisposed when
he Jeft Washington yesterday, His unfail-
ing consideration and kind heartedness
have endeared him to all his official asso-
clates, and there were many expressions
of sympathy when the news came to-day
of the incident on the Cretic's pier.

Mr. Hay has at times suffered from men-
tal depression on account of his health.
In péarly every public address delivered
by him there was a note of saciness, indi-
cating that he believed he would not live
long. But he managed to present a cheerful
front and even had his little joke about his
physical condition, A friend once asked
Mr, Hay what his ailment was.

“I am suffering from an inourable dis-
ease,” Mr, Hay anewered, gravely.

The story got about that Mr. Hay was

| doomed. One very close friend made bold

|
|

|

 

pier at the foot of West Thirteenth street |

in a carriage, at about 11 o'clock. Closely
following them was another carriage ,in
which were Mr. Hay’s daughter, Mrs. James
W. Wadsworth, Jr., her hushand, and Henry
Adams, a close friend of the Secretary,
who accompanied him on the trip abroad.
They had come up from Washington on
Friday night.

|

|
|
|

enough to ask Mr. Hay if the report that
he had an incurable disease was true.

“It is,” was the response.

“May I ask what is the disease?” asked
the sympathetic friend,

“Old age,” said Mr. Hay with a chuckle.

Mr. Hay will be away about two months.
Henry Adams, the historian, who is accom-
panying him, is his closest friend and next
door neighbor. Mr, Adams is the son of
the late Charlea Francis Adams.

 

VIOLET LEAF CANCER CURE.

 

 

Apparentiy Successful Treatment by an
Foglish Sufferer.
Spegal Cable Despatch to THE Sun.

London, March 18.—William Gordon, a |

physician in a Devon-Exeter Hospital, re-
ports a supposed cure for cancer to the
Lancet, and it has aroused considerable
public interest. The patient was a man of
53, who had been told by five doctors that
he bad canger of the tongue.
to undergo an operation and commenced

He refused |

Ambassador White assisted Mr. Hay |
from the carriage, and they walked very
slowly to the foot of the stairs, of which |
there are three flights. Mr. Hay started

on Novy. 10 to treat himself as follows:
He poured a pint of boiling water over a
handful of violet leaves and left them to

; - ; divided
to climb, assieted by Mr. White, using his soak for twenty-four hours. He
right hand to grasp the rail. At the first | the liquid into two equal parts and drank

‘ seemed exhausted and held | °n¢ at once and in the next twenty-four
ae = rail. After ian : moment | hours used the other. Hot fomentations
his son and Mr. Wadsworth assisted him | Were applied continuously to the outside
to the next landing, where Mr. Hay had to | of the neck on the left side for two hours
rest again. | each night. Sometimes he used the leaves

Ambassador White, Mrs. Hay and Mrs. | ®* poultices and sometimes kept the fo-
Wadsworth followed close behind, watch- | ™entation on all night.
ing the Secretary anxiously, After about The doctor examined him on Jan. 28
three minutes rest Mr. Hay started up and found that an extraordinary change

again, but had almost to be lifted, and at | had taken place. He examined him again
the top of the stairs he sank in the arms | ° Feb. 20. Then there was almost no pain
of Mr. White. and except for a hard scar little remained

t he had fainted, but | Of the deep, ragged, indurated ulcer.
ons he anda ae ae White | The point chiefly criticised is the fact
waved away several bystanders who ran that although five doctors pronounced the
forward to offer assistance and the Secre- | C88® one of cancer no microscopical ex-
tary'’s party gathered around him while amination was made and therefore the
his gon and Mr. Wadsworth fanned him diagnosis is discredited.

Tom cowepepes. DUTY ON GEROME STATUE.

Stimulated by this and
utes reat, Mr. Hay raised Tiffany & Co. Fight 2 Demand for 45 Per
Cent. om His “Rellona.”’ :

“I guess I can go on now,” be eald, and,
and ‘any & Co., through its expert, Mr.

Treadwell, secured the last piece of stat-
uary done by Gérome, a statue of the god-
dess of war Bellona. The statue, in bronze
and ivory, stands about eight feet in height
and is valued at $20,000. When the statue
arrived on this side the oustoms authorities
imposed a duty of 45 per cent., alleging that
it did not come within the clause of the
Dingley act which admits works of art,

a few min-

 

   
 
  

still suppested by-his-con

he started down the pier. He had gone
only a dozen steps, however, when he
collapsed again and was assipted to &@ bor
of freight near-by upon which he sank
down.

Dock Superintendent Pennall was told
by Charlies Lanier, the banker, who bap-
pened to be near, that Mr. Hay was ill and
he procured a wheel chair, in which Mr.Hay
was placed after fanning had again Tl
vived him somewhat. ; marble, metal of alabaster, at 15 per cent

< io | ’ = . °
peal ‘at eA hmteanece White as | duty. Tiany & Co. have made a protest.
Mr. Wedewort on dither olde half carried | °° S0be whieh Grapes the body of
him aboard the ship. The eablns wore Bellona,” says Mr. Treadwell, “was, of

\ course, cast and not carved metal, but the
ae nam ae oe ba figure is the main thing, and that is of carved

able to make their way to stateroom 61 on | oats at aediae oe ast, =
the agar deck. a Hay caine to be | “Another ground upon which 45 per cent.
wae Pr a = a a se aie | duty was asked was that che clause relating
glances cute oat pgp a i | to statuary in the Dingley act does not
bed there oe farewells to his triedde and mention ivory. We contend that the act

| was to do away with the possibility of bring-

 

when statues and carved by hand either in |

relatives consisted of little more than a
nod. An effort was made to keep Mr.
Hay's condition from being known. and
neither Mrs. Hay nor Mr. White would
say much about it. When Mr. Hay's
son saw the newspaper reporters he was
heard to say to the Secretary:

“Well, we can't hold it any longer; they
know now.”

When Mrs. Hay was asked atout her
bushend's condition she esid: 3

|

 

ing in the first procuctions of small ivory
statues and cabinet articles as works of
art.”

AILLED BY WIFE'S LAWYER,

 

 

Louis A. Meyer of Vincennes, Ind., Shoots
Col. A. J. Tayler on the Street.
Inp1aNAPOLIS, March 18.—Louis A. Meyer,
one of the best known lawyers and Demo-
cratic politicians in sotthern Indiana,

“He has been suffering from the grip and | shot and killed’ Col. A. J. Taylor, a local

has not fully recovered. The climb up
the stairs fatigued him. I hope not too
much will be printed about it, as it im of
lite importance. We are to be gone for
six weeks, purely for recreation.”

“It was foolish of us to allow bim to climb
the stairs,” said Mr. White. “The effort
Was foo much for him. He has not beén
feeling well lately.”

The marine observer at Sandy Hook
signalied this question to the Cretic as she
paseed at 2 o'clock:

“How is the condition of Secretary Hay?”

After a little delay the answer came back,
“Much better.”

The names of Mr. and Mrs. Hay did not
appear on the printed list of the Cretic’s
Passengers. The Cretic is not equipped
with wireless telegraph instruments and
no news of Mr. Hay’s condition can be
received here until she stops at @ port in
the Az ras, which she should reech in about
nine days, unleas it is brought by some in-
coming steamship passing the Cretio.

Wisinoton, March 18,—According to
Surgeon-General Rixey of the Navy, Sec-
retary Hay's physician, Mr. Hay is suf-
fering from exhaustion of the nerve centres,
dus to confinement and overwork. Mr. Hay
\8 extremely sensitive, his friends say,
and th» criticisms of the Administration
on account of the Dominican treaty ag-
fravated the nervous strain which he was
endeavoring to overcome.

Dr. Rixey said this evening that he fully
believed that two months of reat and recrea-
tion would enable Mr. Hay to resume his
oMcia! duties. The attack on the pier was
4& repetition, Dr. Rixey said, of or two
recent occurrences of the
these altacks might be called fainting
*pells, Dr. Rixey explained that they ac-
tually were not, as Mr. Hay does not lose
consciousness, They are merely momentary
Sttacks of extreme faintness, from which
Mr. Hay recovers quickly. An attack
of the grip a year ago, which forced him
to seek rest and a change of climate at
Thomasville, Ga., left him in a bad condi-
‘ion. Since then Mr. Hay has suffered
much, but Dr. Rixey says there is no serious
urganic trouble.

Mr. Hay'’s present weakened condition
Cates back to last week. He catches cold
ossily, end, while there is no corroborative
“Atement to that effect, it is suppésed

rc

Democratic politician, at Vincennes just
before noon to-day. Meyer shot Taylor
three times and any one of the shots was
sufficient to produce death. He lived only
five minutes.

The fight was the result of a difference
which they had over the bringing of di-
voree proceedings in the Circuit Court.
Meyer had been engaged by Mrs. Taylor
as her attorney, and was to have begun
taking depositions in the case to-day.
Taylor met Meyer on Wednesday and
notified him that if he took the case he
would kil] him, but Meyer paid little atten-
tion to the matter. To-day, just before
the noon hour, Meyer went to the post of-
fice, and Taylor lay in wait for him as he
came out.

After a few words, Taylor struck Meyer
ssn blow, Knocking him down.
ylor ced on him and was beatin
eyer got his right hand released,
his revolver and Taylor three

the breast, one bal! going com-

i in

tely through the body.
" os was arrested, but gave bond for
his rance. He is one of the wealthiest
men in this section.

DOG GAVE FIRE ALARM. \

@nly @ Mongrel, but He Saved Lives of
Bearders Who Wouldn't Heed His Warning.

Jim, a mongrel, shaggy haired dog owned
by Mrs. Giblen, who keeps a boarding house
at 200 West Thirty-fourth street, discovered
a fire on the ground floor at 11 o'clock last
night and tried unsuccessfully to attract

him.
led

attention to it by barking. Mrs. Givien | ¢aner than twenty miles an hour. Murphy | i

was owt and only a few of her boarders
were in.

When Jim couldn't get the attention of
ran to the front basement
ght pay

ie
the wen
to investigate. He saw
of the house and he kicked in a window
and liberated the dog. aie
¥

Then the aroused the boarders,
hed retired. for the night Meantime a1
alarm had been t in end the fire-
men put the fire out quickly. ge

ee
latest Marine tnieclligenee.
Artt ed: Ss Ethiopia, Glasrow, March 2.

Ray Saco intae ks Oak lve

—Ace.

 

in the rear |

Scwpay, Mance 10, 1905.

"Rain to-day; fair and colder

 

 

 

WARNER MISSOURI'S SENATOR

-ELECTED AS THE LEGISLATURE
WAS TO ADJOURN.

Former Commander-in-Chief of the G. A. BR.
Chosen to Succeed Mr. Cockrell
—toenes of Great Turbulence im the
Final Joint Session at Jefferson City.

Jurrenson Crry, March 18.—Major Wil-
liam Warner was elected United States
Senator to-day on the sixty-seventh ballot
He received 91 votes. His closest com-
petitor, Senator Cockrell, received 83 votes.
The joint seasion dissolved soon after the
election of Major Warner.
| Wild excitement, in which members

fought one another, smashed the clook to

prevent adjournment, and made attempt®
to pull President McKinley of the Senate
from the presiding officer's chair, marked
the last hours of the General Assembly.

For more than half an hour the Hous»

chamber, where the joint session was held,

was in the posseasion of a mob of legislators
who seemed to have lost control of them-
selves. Such a scene of disorder has prob-

o~ never before been witnessed in Mis-
souri legislative halls.

Before the rollcall on the sixty-seventh
ballot was taken, Col. R. C. Kerens entered
| the House chamber on the arm of Senator

Peck of Atchison county. Hé was escorted

to the stand and took a seat beside President

McKinley. The crowd cheered wildly,

realizing that some development was near

at band.

Senator McDavid of Greene county at
| once moved that the joint assembly dissolve.
He was recognized by the chairman, and
| on the demand of the Democrats a rolicall
| was taken on the question of dissolution.
; While the rollcall om the question of dis-
| solution was being taken Kerens sat be-
|} tween President McKinley and Senator
Peck. The motion was defeated, 82 to 91.
When a measure of quiet was restored,
| Col. Kerens said:
| Mr. PRESIDENT aND GENTLEMEN OF
| THE ASSEMBLY: Gallantry requires me,
| before I proceed, to acknowledge the pres-
| ence of ladies. I do not think it necessary
| for me to say 1 am a Republican. This

is a Republican Assembly.

elect a Senator, and that Senator, let me

say, must be a Republican. If Major
| Warner is your choice, I say God speed to
| him and to you; to elect him."

Then there was confusion worse con-
| founded. Republicans cheered and Demo-
| crats shouted. Senator Dickinson rushed
| to the front and frantically moved a recess
| for thirty minutes, and that a rolkuil be
| had on the motion. ‘He got it. His motion
| was lost.

President!” the president ordered a roll-

call. McDavid, pale with anger, and

McAllister cried: “No appeal!” and the

roll began. It was clearly a Democratic

play to delay the election, and it resulted
in provoking a riot.

Personal difficulties were averted nar-

rowly. Several persons tried to intérfere

with Representative Godfrey, who went

 

-"toward the clerk as though to stop it.

He succeeded in hurling an inkstand.
Then some one else sent a similar missile
through one of the large windows. Rep-
resentative Wells of Dunklin was, on top
of a desk with a chair uplifted. Others
got it away from him.

Then Senator Dave Nelson declared
he would pull the presiding officer from the
stand, and starte! forward to exec.te the
| threat. Senator Kinealy forced his way
through the crowd, which began to mass
about the speaker's stand, to stop him,
but Senator Frank Farris, who was on the

Nelson from going further.

At this time, although the clock had been
| out of commission for some time, Senator
Dowe!| mounted a chair and pointed to the
time piece, saying “8 o'clock.” Some one
had moved ite hands up to point that bour.
Despite his cries, Dowell would not look at
his watch to see whether it waa the hour
he declared. It was then 2:20, When quiet
was restored the sixty-seventh ballot was
ordered with the above result. Seven bal-
lots were taken t.-day before an election
was had.

William Warner was born in Wisconsin
| in 1840, and was educated at Lawrence Uni-

 

versity, Wisconsin. At the University of
Michigan he studied law @nd was then
admitted to the bar. He efilisted in the
army in 1862 and e#erved in the Thirty-third
and Forty-fourth Wisconsin regiments un-
til the close of the civil war. In 1865 he
began the practice of law in Kansas City,
which haa been his home ever since, He was
elected City Attorney in 1867, County At-
torney in 1869 and Mayor in 1871.
he was a Republican Presidential Elector,
Ee in 1882 was appointed United States
District Attorney for Western Missouri,
serving two yesrs.
|

 

Mej.r Warner was elected to Congress in
1885, serving two terms. He was the Republi-
can candidate for Governor in 1892, and in
1808 he was again appointed United States
District Attorney, retiring in 1902. He has
represented his party and State in the
national Republican conventions of 1872,
1884, 1888, 1892 ancl 1896.

Major Warner has long been preminent
in the councils of the G. A. R. and wasCom-
mander-in-Chief of the order from 1888 to
1889.

 

RIVAL SPEED EXPERTS.

 

Magistrate Won't Trust Man in Aate Even
if He's Mile-a-Minute Murphy.

| Mile-a-Minute Murphy, who gained his
| sobriquet by riding a mile in less than a
} minute behind a railroadtrain, appeared in
the West Side court yesterday as a witness
for Arthur H. Johnson of 12 West Sixtieth
| street, who was errested by Bicycle Police-
| Tan Kerrigan of the West Forty-seventh
street station on a charge of driving his
automobi'e en Fifty-seoond street too fast.
Kerrigan said he had had no chance to
time Johnson; but he was eure he was going

said he was in the auto with Johnson and
thought they were not going more than ten

| miles an hour at the outside.

“But this policeman is an expert bicyole
.” said Magistrate Cornell, “and is
| well able to judge about the speed.”
“Your Honor,” objected te! 4 “lam
| the champion bicycle America,
jand when it oomes to judging pace, I'll
| ete ey doubt four sully.” eald Magie-
“I don’ your 7."
trate Cornell; “but you were inside of the
autom . and a man who is inside an
automobile can’t tell the difference betweerf
eight and eighteen miles an hour.”
johnson was held in $300 for trial. Murphy
furnished the seourity

BEST SPRING MEDICINE IN THE WORLD
hi's Pure Olfve Ot.
Conti, % Broadway.
i Solc Agent, U. 8.--Ade

 

Its duty is to |

steps leading to the stand, prevented Mr. |

Amid boisterous cries of “Mr. |

|

|

!

}
|

 

i

|

 

 

|

 

FIRE TRUCK KILLS A WOMAN,

Driver Swings on Sidewalk to Save Fitting
Deltvery Wagon.

While going to a fire at 116th street and
Seventh avenue yesterday afternoon Hook
and Ladder 26, the headquarters of which
are at 52 East 114th street, ran into a crowd
of women and children at 116th street and
Fifth avenue, scattering them right and
left and killing one woman. Her body
was removed to the East 126th street sta-
tion and Frederick G. Vieth, the driver of
the truck, was arrested.

Mrs, Anna Kaufman was the woman who
was killed. Sho lived at 118 East 110th
street.

When the truck left ita headquarters,
Vieth thought that the best route was up
Madison avenue, and then west on 116th
street. When be got half way between
Madison and Fifth avenues he noticed,
just ahead,a caterer’s delivery wagon
driven by John Olschagen of ™08 Weat
114th street. In front of the wagon was a
116th street crosstown electric car, An-
other car was going east, and when Ol-
schagen heard the fire truck he kept on,
thinking that be would be able to pass
between the second car and the curb, and
at the same time let the truok have room
to pass on the north side of the treet.

Men in the street yelled to him tostop,
and their cries and the ringing of the gongs
drew a crowd, When the truck came
along Vieth saw that he did not have room
to pass between the wagon and the car,
and that the only thing left for him to do

 

+*+NEW YORK, SUNDAY, MARCH 19, 1905.—copwrions, 1005, by The Sun Printing ond "PubNshing Ageootation.

 

was to swing to the sidewalk at the north- |

west corner of 116th street and Fifth avenue.

His move was unexpected by those who
were standing on that corner, and when
they saw the horses bearing down upon
them there was a wild scramble to get
away. Vieth yelled to the crowd to get
out of the way, but the woman who was
killed apparently lost her head and seemed
not to know which way to turn.

The crew of the truck and Policeman
Leonard of the East 126th street station ran
to her, but when she was picked up she
was dead.

 

 

TEN FIREMEN OVERCOME.
Entire Fogine Crew Unconscious From
Gases in a Hemp Wiaze.

Gases generated by a fire in a cargo of
hemp on a lime boat owned by the Rock-
laud-Rockport Lime Company on Newtown
Creek at the head of Meserole street, Wil-
liamsburg, last evening overpowered the
entire crew of Engine Company 137. The
crew consisted of Capt. Bernard Matschke,
Assistant Forman Eugene Pownall and
Firemen Frederick Eisensinger, Frank Cox,
Frederick Meyer, F. Krauser, A. Voges,
Harry Weber, H. Foster and W. New-
righter.

The boat, which was known as No. 38,
had its hen.p in the forward hold and a
cargo of lime in the after hold. Before
the crew went ashore yesterday afternoon
they battened down the hatches. A boat-
man noticed vapor and smoke emanating
from the hatohway and was satisfied that
there was a fire in the hold. He heard a
series of explosions and then-ren
headquarters of Engine 137 in Morgan
avenue. When the firemen reached the
boat the hatches were forced open. Half
the crew were sent down to the hold
with a line of hose. No sooner had the
firemen got down than there was a series
of explosions, and gas filled the hold and
overcame all of them.

Their companions went down to rescue
and aiso succumbed to the fumes.

Meanwhile Policeman Wright of the
Stagg street police station hac sent to the
station house for the reserves. With
sevr ral boatmen he formed a human chain
and all the firemen were brought out and
laid on the dock. They were attended by
Ambulance go Fytinge of St. Cath-
erine'’s Hospital. Then they were taken
to the engine house and another fire crew
was ternporarily detailed to the engine.
The fire was drowned out.

 

 

,

BLOW TO CONEY HOTELS.

Report That They Will Re Compelied to Be
Firepreof Causes Alarm,

The proprietors of hotels at Coney Island
received a shock yesterday when they
heard that the brewers who furnish the
bulk of the liquors and beer sold at the
resort had got word that the amendments
to the «xcise law, introduced by Senator
Raines, making it necessary for every
hotel thirty-five feet or*more high to be
of fireproof construction, would surely
become law.

Of the 150 hotels at the seashore resort
hot more than three are of the required
fireproof construction. Many are exempt
because thev are only two stories high, but

In 1872 | the larger hotels, of which there are a dozen

or more, will be unable to comply with such
alaw. They must either be torn down and
reconstructed or go out of the business of
selling liquor

CRUISER WASHINGTON AFLOAT.

Daughter of ¢x-Senator Wilson Christens
the New Fighting Sttp. .

Campewn, N. J., March 18 —Sponsored
by Miss Helen Wilson, daughier of former
Senator James L. Wilson of the State of
Washington, the new armored cruiser
Washington slid from the ways of the
New York Shipbuilding Company in South
Camden into the Delaware River at noon
to-day. e

As the veass! touched the waters a mighty
shout went up from the crowds that lined
the shore and thos» who viewed it from
numerous tugs and boats in the stream.
High up among the girders a stand had
been e.ected for the christening party,
and about it were stands for the guests,
who included Government officials, naval
officers officials of the shipbuilding com-
pany and a number of prominent men

and women.
Miss Wilson wag assisted by three maids
te for wh cruiser

 

:

 

of honor from the
as They are Miss Ma Wads-
worth of Spokane, Miss Grace 4 of
Seattle and Miss Ruth Stone of Walla Walla.
Other members of the Greuns ery
were former Gov. John H. MoGraw lash-
ngton, who officially Gov.
ead; Senator Addison G. .
tor Levi Ankeny * alts . oe.
W. H. ler, U. BN. W. &.
Grover Cleveland @8 Years Gia,
Princeton, N. J., March 18—This was
the sixty-eighth birthday of ex-President
Grover Cleveland. The former President
spent the dey quietly at Westlands, his
Princeton home, seeing only a few of his
most intimate friends who called to con-
tulate him. The ex-President is feelin
etter than he has for several weeks pase,
and he expects to leave ceton next

Monday for bis annual spring fishing trip
in the ;

 

WHEN YOU ARE SICK USE

| wx, ROS BS ASR A vo
; *

 

!

 
   
    

 

   

THIRTY-S]X PAGES.

TEN KILLED IN MINE DISASTER.

ARREST OF A WOMAN HBALER

AFTER

Fire Damp Explosion in One Mine Is Feit
ip ap Adjoining One.
Huwrtworon, W. Va., March 18.~A re-
port was received here late to-night of a
disaster in two mines of the Rusb Run

Coal and Coke Company,

COUNTY SOCIETY GETS
MRS. WEAVERSON.
Gingerbread Poultices With Prayer for #
Gangrened Leg, Accerding to the

' Patient—Medical Society’s Witness
Attends One Ciinio—Arrest Fettews.

Mrs. Brownie Rathbone Weaverson, 58
years old, and described as a healer, living
at 160 West 104th street, was arrested yes-
afternoon for practising medicine
without @ license. Her arrest was brought
about by the County Medical Society.

Mre, Weayerson was arrested on a war-

stantly killed the five men in the Rush
Run mine, but tts force was so great that
it cotrm inlcated through the shaft to the
men in the other’mine. who were also
killed.

—_—_—_—_- —_—_-- -—-,
THOSE IRISH JAP GENERALS.

O’ Yams aod O' Keough Their Real Names
—Iew HK All Happener.

Loaansrort, Maroh 18.—New light upon
Renee was castat was er
treatment yesterday, and it was of such a a on Pays ate aber =
kind that the witnesses didn't want tode- | priser, aroused the enthusiasm of his
soribe it later, Mrs. Roeh!l, who ls a poor | hearers tog high pitoh by dec'aring that the
woman, has been il! for nearly three weeks. | Japan G 's, O ‘ead Ou, were
She suffered from peralysis of the right | descendants of Lrishmen and still bore the
side, and goon after she had to take to her | original Irish names of the families, slightly

modified

rant issued by Magistrate Mayo in the
Harlem court on the testimony of Mrs.
J ine Cook of 166 West 125th street,
subloves by the County Medical Society.
When the warrant was applied for it was
known that Mrs. Weaverson was practising,
but just what her treatment consisted of
no one knew except Mrs. Ellen Roehll, 50
years old, a widow, living in a tenement |
at 1468 Amsterdam avenue.
Mrs. Cook and another witness saw the |

 

bed a appeared on her right leg.

In a few days this had developed gan-
grene and Mrs. Roehl! doctored it herself.
She called in a physician once and bis treat-
ment didn't cure her as quickly as she had
expected. © A  neighbor—Mre. Roehil
coukin't recall this neighbor's name last
night—suggested that she call in Mrs.
Weaverson, the bealer, who, the neighbor
said, had effected some remarkable cures.

Mrs. Roehl] says she didp't send after
the healer, but that a day or so later Mra.
Weaverson appeared at the tenement and

“Oyama is of Irish ancestry,” eald Smith,
“and his name es originally borne by bis
° original

LE ——————-

said she could cure Mrs. Roehil. position close to the Mikado, which was
“She told me,” said Mrs. Roehil last night, | advanced by their activity in military

“that she had cured many persons of disease. | airairy.

She referred to a lawyer living uptown and | «Gen, Gku’s name originally was

@ clergyman downtown, but she mentioned
no names."

*I told her to go ahead if she thought
she could cure me, and she started in. She
made some gingerbread poultices and put
them on my leg. They hurt awfully, but
she told me to forget the pain and I tried to,
but I couldn't.

*fihe came back the next day and tried
more ulticing. Then she knelt down
at the foot of my bed and prayed long and
earnestly. Before she started to pray
she showed me how she wanted me to
breathe. fhe told me to inhale air through
my nostrils and let it out through my mouth.
She said that, if I would breathe thie way
all the time it would surely help me to get
bétter.

“When she came back the next day she

 

thme I gave her only
was all I had.

“Two days ago a man from the County
Medical Society came to see me and told
me that tho treatment was a fake. He
told me that. the County Medical Society
would see ft at I was treated properly
by a reputal.. physician, but he also told
me not to let Mrs. Weaverson know of his
visit. Later Mrs. Cook called and said
she had been sent by the society.

*Mre, Weaverson visited me that day,
but she didn't do any pouiticing or any
healing, but she did do some praying. Mrs
Cook was here when she next appeared,
but saw nothing wrong.

Yesterday Mrs. Weaverson declared that
it waa time that new poultices were put
on. Mrs. Weaverson made the poultices
and put them on that leg in the presence
of Mrs. Cook and another witness. When
she finished the work she w as arrested and
taken to the police station.”

Mrs. Weaverson didn't have to etay in a

P conte

O'Keough, who though a military genius,
was a poor hand at spelling. The rigors
of the Japanese alphabet proved too great
for him, and by imperial edict he recsivad
permission to cut out @ few létters. Thus
the family name became Oku and the sons
and grandsons after many generations
followed the fighting trade.”

WOODRUFF CHAUFFEUR PINCHED

Tanmmany Leader Plunkett Wurried to
Give Ball, but Was Just Too Late.
Former Lieut.-Gov. Woodruff’a auto-

mobile driver was arrested on Broadway

last night for violating the speed law. His

name is Carlos Bartionello,. He had a

man riding with him in Mr. Woodrufl’s

automobile when he was arrested at Forty-
eighth street.

The prisoner was taken to the West Forty-
seventh street station, where Mr. Woodruff

 

 

f

heard your man
hurried around to give bail for him.”
The leader thanked the Tam-

with Mr. Woodruff rode to the police
station in an automobile, accompanied by
the young woman be is soon to wed.

DR. HILLIS REIMBURSED.

Check to Cover His Donations to Plymouth
Choreh for the Past Six Years.

At the celebration of the sixth anniversary
of the pastorate of the Rev. Dr. Newell
Dwight Hillis in Plymouth Church, Brook-
lyn, Friday night, Dr. Hillis not only receivea
warm congratulations, but a check for a
substantial amount, said to be over $5,000.
This was a personal gift to the pastor from
Frederick G. Corning, one of the trustees.
Dr. Hillis mede this explanation:

“Long ago I accepted the principle of
tithing. not as a duty but as a privilege.
Sometimes, however, by reason of the large
demands made upon the pastor of Plymouth
Churoh and the thowsand calls in the effort
to do my part and back up my genevous
leaders and givers, it has been difficult tor
me to keep up, despite all I could do by out-
side lecturing and writing.

“When Mr. Corning. récently found this
out he insisted on making up te me what I
had given to the work of Plymouth Church
in the last six years. So that from to-night
it will not be right for me to have any one
thank me for anything I have given to
this church in mv pastorate here, but the
credit belongs fully to Frederick G. Corn-

ing.”
PEARL SYKES ACQUITTED.

ee

Missourt Jury Decided That a Woman Has

cell long. She declared in the police sta-
tion that her arrest was an outrage and
that somebody would suffer for it. Sho
was bailed by Mrs. Belle Hemphill of 47
Boulevard Lafayette.

Mrs. Roehil will be sent to Bellevue
Hospital. The County Medical Society
will need her testimony to prosecute Mrs.
Weaverson.

MUSTN'T DO IT AGAIN.

Mr. Kelcy’s Suit Case Bamps a Lady, and
the Police Mediate.

Charies Keicy, a machinery salesman of
Pittsburg, was walking up Fifth avenue
ae ED rere «oe Oe. At the
same Mra. Emma Bailey, a oloak fitter,
was going down the avenue. The suit case
and the woman collided. After the result-
ing argument Policeman Pierce induced
man and woman to go around to the Ten- n Right to- Mill Her Betrayer.
derloin police station and settle it. Sr. Lovis, March 18.—Pearl Bykes was

“He did it on purpose,” cried Mrs. Bailey | acquitted this morning of the charge of
when she got before the sergeant. “He | murdering her sweetheart, young Rain-
bumped that heavy satchel into me.” water, despite the fact that sho admitted

“And then she called me a loafer," shouted | ghe had shot him, and no self-defence plea
Kelcy. “I'm no loafer.” was offered. The Judge administered a

“He wouldn't even apologise,” said the | etinging rebuke to the jurors.
woman. i

“She woulkin’t give me time,” answered teeth “cue et art Tae

a betrayed woman ustified in slaying
the man. ber betrayer. .
*I want £2 mew oem ime whee be

wn

DEADLY TORACCO GERM.
Coroner's Physician’s Theory as to Man's
Death From Cut Thamb.

John Lewer Bruen, 40 years of age, a re-

tired silversmith, of 2315 Seventh avenuue,
died yesterday of blood poisoning. His

 

 

 

 

wn,”
ink that he ought to be arrested,”
said the woman.

“Will you make a complaint?" demanded

the sergeant.
“Well, next time I will.”
*Go home, both of you,” said the ser-

 

geant death was reported to the Board of Health
\ by his phys clan, Dr. paneer. Coroner's
MES. WISE ASKS DIVORCE. ppm WA S Serteeweden amteney._

Steter ef Mre. H. M. Flagier Regine Ac‘ion
—Her Husband Is Missing.
Wrusawoton, N. C., March 18.--Public
notice was given to-day by the clerk of the
Superior Court that Mre. Jessie K. Wise,
of J. C. Wise and sister of the wife of

26, and in doing so sligatly cut his thumb.
Blood poisoning set in and soon Bruen's
body was a mass of a a8eR.

Dr. O'Hanlon is of opinion that a stran
new germ found only in tobaceo was the
cause of the trouble.

CHIEF CROKER OFF FOR CURA,

 

 

Winter Without a ‘Day on,
Fire Commissioner Hayes granted Chief
Croker twenty-one days leave of absence
yesterday. Chief Croker lost po time in

North Covefing re-
salptin? grants ad

unde and
rted
Wise was

ture

said Co:
He is in need

day of since

nore. “and
arest, for he has not
had @ last September.”

 

Quickest Lime to Cleveland.

 

the deere New Yorr 62 P. M.. Clevetand
Satety tor Boba's Lasstives | apotie #:00 eave i ‘by Rew York
ent leer wllte nt Central. Pine service. auanieea-an

the end of a cigar with a penknife on Feb. |

Gets 31 Days Leave of Absence After a |

PRICE FIVE CENTS.

CLAR'S LAST HOPE

‘Fleet Depanded Upon to Save
Russian Foriunes,

—_—_-

WON'T TALK OF PEACE YET,

Japanese in Full Control of the
Military Situation.

 

Say—Meanwhiie the [Internal Sitaa-
tion Grows More Ominous and Russia’s
Credit Is More y—Oyama's Foroes
Pressing On to Kirin to Isolate the
Retreating Enemy—Kuropatkin Trane
fers the Command—Some DiMeuity

| Ro jeatvensky’s Ships Also Doomed, Experts
i Found in Selecting His Successor.

Spectal Cadle Despatches to THE SUN.

Sr. Petersavura, March 18—The Tsarskoe-
| Selo group now profess to pin their faith in
retrieving Russian fortunes on Admiral Ro-
jestvensky's fleet, just as, before the battle
of Mukden, they did upon Gen. Kuropatkin.
They continue to renounce all idea of peace
until this last resort has been tried.

Nobody outside of Russia whose judg-
ment is worth quoting believes that the
| Baltic fleet has any destiny beyond destruc-

tion or capture if it ever meets’ Admiral
Togo. Its sacrifice, therefore, would mean
nothing except further humiliation for
Russia and the imposition of heavier oon-
ditions of peace.

As forthe military situation, there is but
one opinion among European experte,
namely, that the whole field of operations
will be completely at the mercy of the
Japanese Army in six months at least,
and probably so long as Russia cares to
continue hostilities.

As for the internal situation of Russia
the week's developments have been de-
cidedly ominous. The vital announce-
ment in these despatches a week ago that
Germany and France had decided to out
off financial supplies until peace ‘was assured
became known in Europe on Tuesday and
produced consternation among the friends
of Russia. The only question outetending
is whether the loan already promised by
will be carried out. :

There bas been a great confilct of re-
porta on this point for the past five days
and the situation is not yet olear, but the
indications are that an agreement has not
been reached and that the transaction is
postponed. The blow to Russian credit
is aleeady serious, and if Russian destinies
were in the hands of men of ordinary pru-
dence and common sense negotiations for
peace would be in progress at thé present
moment. In the existing situation, how-
ever, it is vain to speculate, much lear
prophesy, as to what the Czar may do.

Gen. Kuropatkin telegraphed this meas-
sage to the Emperor yesterday: “In ace
cordance with your Majesty's order of
March 15, I this day transferred the com-
mand to Gen. Linievitch.”

JAPS KEEP UP THE CHASE.

Toxro, March 17.—In a despatch to the
War Department to-day Marshal Oyama
comments upon the importance attached
to Tieling by the Russians, as indicated
by the fact that the railway station there
was built upon a szale as extensive as that
at Liaoyang.

The Marshal, ij his despatch, mentions
the great quantities of spoils captured by
the Japaness at Tieling, and also that
many prisoners were taken by the Japa-
ness right wing, which, he says, is pressing
on rapidly along the road to Kirin. It is
supposed that the intention of this move-
ment is to isolate tho retreating Russian
army.

CHOICE OF KUROPATKIN'S SUCCESSOR.

Panis, March 18.--The St. Petersburg
correspondent of the Petit Parisien gives
details of the meeting of the Grand Council
of War on Friday. The Czar read to the
Council Gen. Kuropatkin’s request to be
relieved of the command of the army im
Manchuria.

The Czar offered the post of commander:
in chief to the Grand Duke Nicholas Niche
olaievitch, who asked the Czar to fires
sound Gen. Roop. Gen. Roop declined to
serve, owing to his age and the state of
| bis health. Gens. Grodeko‘t and Sukhom-
| lino? expressed willingness to accept &
joint command, but refused to serve under
|a Grand Duke, The Grand Duke Nicholas

then refused the post of commander in

chief. Gens. Grodexo® and Sukhomlino?
| agreeing, the Czar appointed Gen. Linie-
| viteh to the supreme command, and Gen,
| Sukhomlino'? accepted the post of chief

 

 

ES

 

j of sta.
| The St. Petorsburg correspondent of
| the Matin telegraphs that the house in

Mukden in which Gen. Kuropatkin had
| deposited all the ikons presented to hin
| when he was about to assume command of
the Russian armies in the field was seized
by the Japanese, and that the ikogs have
been sent to Tokio.

ohare

WORLD AFFAIRS IN TURMOIL,

 

 

Russia's Crushing Defeat Gives Rise te

Mach Speculation.
Special Cadle Despatch to Tae Son.
Loxpow, March 18.—Now that, fell
measure of the Russian disaster Man-

churia is understood, Europe is beginning
to take stock of the new situation in world
politics created by this momentous oon-
flict. The battle of Mukden is universally
recognized as a politica! factor which, must