—<———S

VOL. LXVIL.—NO, 307.

CANT HOLD OUT LON

"1

© | Mer, Brodrick Discasses the Chinese Situation

Legations Making Brave Defence,
bot Are Near the End.

DEATH TRAP FOR ENVOYS,

 

Prince Tuan Tries to Lore Them Into
the Hands of the Boxers.

 

TIEN-TSIN AGAIN ATTACKED

Admiral Seymour Is Wounded

 

Cens:! Goodoow at Shangha!l Reports That
Anarchy Retgne in Pekin, That the Em-
peror and Empress Are Prisoners (a the
Palace and Only Two Legation Buildings
Are Left Standing—Prince Tuan in Control
—Emperor William Saye China Mast Be
Punished and the Flags of the Powers
Mast Fly Over Pekin—Germany to Send
16,000 Men-Li Hung Chang Promises to

fer the Safety of

{a His Provinces.

Take All Precautions
Foreigners Residing
Special Cadle Despateh to THE SUN.

Lonpon, July 8.-If the rumors current in
Shanghai and transmitted here are true there
can hardly be a foreigner of any nation left
allvein Pekin, while the position at Titen-
Tain ts one justifying serious anxiety. All the
reports, however, are from Chinese sources
and {t is impossible to test thelr accuracy.

A Chinese runner, who fs represented to have
left Pekia on June 25, seems to be the chief
authority for the statements cabled. When
he started from the capital the members
of the legations were, he says, at the
last extremity. They were without food and
their ammunition was gone, but they were
keeping their thousands of besiegers at bay.

Their casualties, however, were heavy and
thelr annibilation wae only a question of a
short time.

The Chinese, who possessed ammunition in
unlimited quantities, were wholly undismayed
by their own numerous losses and were prepar-
ing to batter down the walls of the court yard
of the legation where the foreigners had sought
refuge.

The story goes that Prince Tuan, who is said
to lead the anti-foreign revolt, plotted
to lure the envoys into the streets in order
that they might be more easily killed. He in
vited them to a conferenoe at the Tsung-Li-
Yamen, but Baron von Ketteler was the
only Minister who responded. He fell
Into the trap and was murdered. According to
one account German and according to another
British sailors vainly tried to protect him, and
itis added that the German guards avenged
his death by burning the buildings of the
Teung-Li-Yamen.

It!s rumored that there ia severe fighting
around Tien-Tsin and that Admiral Seymour
has been wounded. The rumor cannot be veri-
fled.

The Times's correspondent at Shanghal, to
whom the for egoing reports were doubtless ao-
cessible, but who discriminatingly sifts local
gossip, does not mention them, but he confirms
the statement that the authorities at Pekin are
making common cause with the Boxers against
‘ relg vers

Dating his despatch July 2 he rays that an
edict issued at Pekin on June 26 accounts for
the open challenge to the Powers. It
practically declares war against all for
elgners, and commands the provinces to en-
rol) Boxers and the trocps to assist in
the expulsion of the whites. The obvious !nten-
tion of the party which has seized the supreme
power in Pekin i to extend to the utmost the
area of anti-foreign operations, The effect of
thia and similar edicts must be considerable tn
spite of the openly avowed policy of the
southern Viceroys and thelr joint declara-
ton with the Consuls of the foreign
Powers that warlike operations would be
confined to the North.

The gravity of the situation as recognized
by Chinese officials Hes not only in the

mmediate danger to foreigners in Pekin,

but im the prespeot of future wide-
“pread devastation by the uncontrolled
Kan-Au and other troops. The British

Consul, in @ reply to elegraphio message for
advice, sent to Yuan Shib-Kai, has received an

Reports of Fighting There in

assurance that the laiter will codper-
ate in the policy of Viceroy Liu. It Is
urgently necessary that the Viceroy

should be supporied by the presence of
4 powerful foree at Nankin andin the lower
Yang-tse Kiang Valley sufficient to restrain
the officials with reactionary sympathies and
Prevent the spread of anarchy and panic, of
which the elements are always present among
he Chinese.

A despatch to the Telegraph from Canton,
vated July 1, eays that business is almost |
4\ a standstill The large Chinese steam
“Op companies are applying for
'o transfer their vessels to the American flag. |
Anattemptto demolish the Wesleyan Mission
ary FaheShan was defeated by
American, English and Canadian missionaries.

leave

Hospital at

‘ Rely Upon Platt's Chlorides
ce tNyeet the house drains, water closets, sinks,

   

 

NEW YORK,

UNITED ACTION NECESSARY.

 

 

in the Huse of Commons.
Special Cadle Despatch to THE Sun.

Lonpox, July 3.—Mr. William Pritchard Mor
gan, Liberal member for Merthyr Tydvil, Wales
moved for an adjournment of the House of
Commons this afternoon to call attention to the
Pekin situation.

The Right Hon. William St. John Brodrick,
Parliamen@ry Secretary of State for Foreign
Affairs, doubted the advisability of a discussion
at the present moment in view of the delicacy
of the military and other questions requiring
decision. It might, for instance, be the duty of
the Government to consider the advisability of
conferring on Li Hung Chang some reaponsi-
bility for the preservation of order, but if so he
felt quite sure it would not be his duty to make
that fact public immediately.

Mr. Brodrick stated that from the beginning
the British Government had worked as far as
poasible in conjunction with the other Powers,
especially in respect to the relief of Pekin.
Their effort had been toencourage the deapatch
of any body of troops which could relieve the
Europeans and a special effort had been made
to induce the Government of Japan, in view of
its position to supplement the contingent that
had been landed. There was no reason to
think that influence had been exerted by any
other Power to nullify that encouragement to
Japan, But the problem was not only to bring
an adequate number of troops into China, but
also to transport them through a very difficult
country, throughout which communications
had been almost completely destroyed,

Mr. Brodrick described in detail the steps
that had already been taken, including the de
spatch of warships from the Mediterranean and
Australian stations, making a force which
ehould be adequate to protect the treaty porta
The Government had ordered 10,000 men from
India and the Indian Government had provided
thirteen transports.

Mr. Brodrick added that it was impoasible by
any measures which might now be taken, short
of an expedition, which {ft was now hoped
might be undertaken, to go further toward
the relief of the Europeans at Pekin. And until
that question was settled no policy as to the
future of China could be considered. He be-
leved, notwithstanding what had been said by
his questioner, that the first condition neces-
sary for the relief from the resent state of
affairs should have been and had been the
maintenance of complete unanimity between
the Powers.

Sir Rdwerd Grey, Liberal, agreed that the
chief point was the unanimity of the Powers;
hence reference to afuture policy was not de
sirable. It was not desirable that Great Britain
should be alay figure when the future of China
was settled, but he trusted that the concert of
the Powers would be preserved even then and
the partition of China avoided.

The motion for adjournment was withdrawn.

KAISER TO HAVE VENGEANCE.

 

Fils Speech to Departing Troops:—Germany
Will Send 16.000 Men to China.

Svectal Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Bertin, July 8.—A naval detachment left
Wilhelmshaven for China th!s morning. The
Emperor, who was present to say farewell, con-
versed with the officers before the transport
sailed, In aspeech to the sailors the Emperor
said the Powers did not intend to effect the par-
tition of China. The restitution of the status
quo was the first! consideration at the present
moment,

“The firebrand of war has been hurled into
the midst of the most profound peace,” he sald.
“Unhappily this to me was not unexpected. A
crime of unspeakable insolence and horrifying
in barbarity has been committed againet the
person of my trusty representative and has
taken him from us. The Ministers of other
Powers hover between life and death and with
them are comrades sent for their protection. It
may bethat while I speak they have already
fought their last fight.

“The German flag has been insulted and the
German Empire treated with contempt. This
demands exemplary punishment and ven-
geance.

“Events have moved with frightful rapidity
and have beoome profoundly grave and still
graver. Since! called you toarms that which
Thoped to effect with the help of the marine
infantry has now become a difficult task, which
can only be fulfilled with the help of the serried
ranks of all the civilized States,

“This very day the Commander of the cruiser
squadron asked me to consider the despatch of
a division. You will have to face an enemy who
are no less courageous than yourselves and
trained by European officers. The Chinese have
learned the use of European weapons.

“Thank God, your comrades of the marinein-
fantry of my navy, when they have encountered
them, have proved true to the old German bat-
tle cry, They have defended themseives with
glory and victory and have done the duty com-
mitted to them.”

“I will not rest until the German flag, joined
to those of the other Powers, floats tri-
umphgntly over the Chinese flag and until it
has n planted on the walls of Pekin to dic-
tate peace to the Chinese

“My troops will maintain good comradeship
with others with whom they come in oontact.
Russlans, British, French, all alike, are fighting
for one cause—civilization.”

The Emperor concluded his speech as follows:

“We must bear in mind, too, something higher—
our religion and the defence and protection of
our brothers out there, some of whom stake
thetr lives for their Saviour.

“The flags which here float above you go
under fire for the first time. See that you
bring them back to me clean and stainless and
without any spot. My thanks, my prayers and
my solicitude go with you.”

When the transports Wittekind and Frankfurt
sailed, the Emperor and Empress witnessed
their departure from the deck of the royal
yacht Hohenzollern.

It is saidin official circles that the Emperor
William’s phrase “the firebrand of war’ should
not be literally interpreted. Germany does not
{ntend going to war for a division of China, but
merely wishes the restoration of order

The Chinese Ambassador to Germany has not
yet received his passports.

The Socialist and Radical orguns are urging
the convocation of the Reichstag. The Tageblatt
says the convocation of the Reichstag would
show that Germany was in earnest and that the
Emperor feels sure of the approval of the na-
tion's representatives in the measures he is now
taking.

A naval and military council which was held
at Wilhelmshaven, and which was presided over
by the Emporer, decided to send to China one
division of infantry, four additional regiments
of infantry, and sixteen batteries of artillery
with transport, the whole forces numbering
15,000 men. In consequence of the serious situ-
ation in China, the Emporer has abandoned his
projected yachting trip

 

THE BROOKLYN AT NAGASAKI.
Admiral Remey Will Coal His Ship There and
Go On to Taku,

Sreeial Cabd'e Despasches to THE SUN,

Ilona Kono, July 3. ~The United States cruis-
er Brooklyn, with Admiral Remey aboard, ar-
rived at Nagasaki, Japan, to-day. After coal ng
she will sail immediately for Taku

Lonpon, July 3.—The first class cruiser Argo-
naut, with 687 officers and men, sailed from
Sheer, ess this morning for China

 

Avold nolse Jwy 4th; spend day on |.§id. Sound.
See adv. new steel str. Chester W. Chapin, Ade

 

 

 

WEDNESDAY,

FRANCE NOT FOR WAR.

 

M. Delcasse Outlines Government's Policy
~The Action of Prince Tuan.
Special Cade Despatch to THE SUN.

Parts, July 3.--M. Deleassé, the Minister of
Foreign Affairs, declared during the debate on
the credits in the Chamber of Deputies to-day
that France did not wish the disintegration of
China and did not desire war. But France must
protect her citizens. No Power, he said, had
ulterior motives at the present tine and France's
effort# vould be directed toward fortifying in-
ternational solidarity.

Ata Cabinet council M. Deleassé announced
that he had received a telegram from the
French Consul at Shanghai, of yesterday's
date, which stated that Prince Tuan bad arbi-
trarily usurped the power of the Empress
Dowoger and, aided by Kang Yi, was besieging
the palace. Prince Tuan and Kang Yi have
issued an edict to the Viceroys comma: ding
them to begin hostilities against the foreigners,
The Viceroys of Canton, Nankin and Hou-
Chang have refused to obdy these orders. They
regard Prince Tuan as a rebel who deserves
beheading. ‘Ihe edict reached Shanghai on
June 27,

From inquiries made at the embassies it ap-
pears that the appeals first sept ou. from Ber-
lin, on receipt of the news of Baron von Ket-
teler's murder, have hada calming effect, and
there is no longer talk of a declaration of war
against China, Onthe otherhand there {sa
dis»osition to await further developments, as it
isapvarent that China for the time betng has
lost all responsible government, Theoretically
the Boxers will continue to bear the blame
pending the day when the Powers will face the
Chinese Government. Above all, it ts said,
Germany proposes to avoid {isolated action and
will fashion her conduct to that of the Powers.

The arrival at Taku on July 1 of the first dew
tachment of French troops is announced,
They are marching to Tien-Tsin.

The following note in reference to the delib-
erations at to-day’s Cabinet meeting was
issued this evening: M. Deleassé, Minis>
ter of Foreign Affairs, has received only
one French telegram. It was dated
July 2 and waa from the French
Consul at Shanghai. The Consul says tt ts
certainty a revolution that has broken
out in Pekin Tuan and Kong Yi have
their troops surrounding the Impertal
palnee They have ordered the Vicerove
of the jprovinces to open hostilities
against foreigners, but the Viceroys of the cen
tre and west have refused to obey them They
look upon them as rebels. The Government

has no direct news from Pekin and no
confirmation of the murder of the Ger
man Minister. The exchange of views

between the Powers is still proceeding and the
most complete agreement continues to relgn
as regards the measures to be taken
for the repre sion of the trouble and the
setdement which {s to ensue. The French
troops from Indo-China must now have arrived
in China. They represent an effective force of
3,500, who will be Increased to 8,000 when the
reenforcements from France shall have arrived,

LI RUNG CHANG'S REQUEST.

Wants to Be Taken From Canton te Tlen-Tsin
in a United States Gunboat,
Special Cate Despatch to THE Sun.

LONDON, July 3—A despatch to the Central
News from Hong Kong of to-day's date says
it is asserted in well-informed circles that Li
Hung Chang has asked to be taken to Tien-Tsin
in an American gunboat.

An imperial edict has been issued in the
Emperor's name authorizing the raising of
troops in Canton for service at Pekin.

. WASHINGTON, July 3... The report from Hong
Kong that Li Hung Chang asked to be taken to
Tien-Tsin {n an American warship is confirmed
here. About a week ago Robert MceWade,
United States Consul atCanton, telegraphed the
State Department that Li Hung Chang wanted
to get to Pekin, and asked that he be taken to
Taku in an American ship, a request which Mr
MoWade tIndorsed and suggested that the
Brooklyn be instructed to atop at Canton for
Li. It was then too late, however, to get word
tothe Brooklyn. Li Hung Chang asked this
and other Governments for authority to pro-
ceed to Pekin touse his influence to restore
order, [His application was indorsed and the
Government regrets that the opportunity of
assisting him to carry out his desire was not
afforded.

ESCAPE

 

OF FOREIGNERS.

Party of Engineers and Missionaries From
Pekin Making Their Way South.
Srecial Cadie Despatch to THE SUN.

Lonpon, July 3.--A despatch to the Cen-
tral News from Shanghai, of to-day's date, says
Mr. Jameson, the engineer of the Pekin syndi-
cate, telegraphed from Kal-fang yesterday as
follows:

“We are retreating to Slang-Yan and thence
to Hankow by the Han River. The party con-
sists of Measrs. Reid and Fisher, engineers, and
members of the Canadian Presbyterian mis-
sion, fifteen persons altogether.”

A despatoh from Shanghai says Mrs. Green-
ing and the ladies connected with the Baptist

Zenana mission have arrived safely at Chefoo,
The Jeshodis Missionary Society received
esterday a cablegram from the Rev, Frederick
rown at Chefoo. The despatch says thatit is

believed that the missionaries who were at Tien

Tsin aresaved. With regard to tho-e at Pekin

there isa doubt. News is expeoted from there
ally.

Chinese Minister Cancels His Engagement to
Deltver an Address at Philadelphia,

PHILADELPHIA, July 3.—Wu Ting-fang, the
Chinese Minister, has cancelled his engagement
to deliver the principal address at the Fourth

of July ebration at Independence Hall to-
morrow. In his letter he says:

“Circumatances over which I have no con-
trol have rendered it impossible for me to de-
liver an ora'ion on the Fourth of July. at. Inde-

ndence Hall ip the city of Philadelphia. I
Feel therefore obliged to recall my acceptance,
with regret, of the invitation extended to me
for that purpose. I assure you would

ladly come if I could see my way, but apart
rom the circumstances mentioned there are
other reasons which compel me to adhere to
my decision.”

3
|
=
=
2
g =
=
>»
2
Ss
2
1S
=
+
SS
a
u
=
=
=

WOULD GO TO CHINA TO FIGHT,
Roosevelt Commandery, Spanish War Veter-
ans, Offers Its Services.

Roosevelt Commandery, No. 10, of the New
York State Corps of the Spanish War Veterans’
Association, held a reunion last evening in
Sulzer's Harlem River Park, at which Junior
\ice-Commander Frederick (. Kuehnie an-
nounced that a letter had been sent to Presi-
dent McKinley offering the services of the
members of the association for pos-ible emer-
,enciea in China. He read a reply from the
Secretary of War thanking the spanish War
veterans for treir loyalty, and assuring them
that if they were needed they would be called

 

on
The reading of the letter was received with
cheers.

These Two Naval Vessels May Go to China,

PHILADELPHIA, July 3. Capt. Charles A,
Clark. Commandant of the League Island Navy

 

Yard, received this morning orders to have the |

water carrier Arethusa made ready, for service
with all possible speed. Men have also been put
at work on the transport Yankee with orders to
hurry repairs and alterations, It will require at
least two weeks toget (he vessels ready lor aer-
vice. Itis said that both will be sent to China

Spain Gives Up Her Pekin Legation.
Special Cathe Despatch to THE SUN,
Maprip, July 3.—The Queen Regent has
eirned afdecree suppr_asing the permanent

| Spanish Legation at Pekin. The Spanish
ig ri yapen will in future be accredited

| qlso to China, ,

 

 

Washington Gets Serious News From Consul
Goednow- Relief Force to Start Seen.

Wasninoton, D. C., Julv8.—From the trust-
worthy infgrmation, officlal and private, in its
possession the Government has been forced to
the conclusion that the chances for the relief of
its Minister, the other Americans and all for-
eigners in Pekin before they are forced to sur-
renderare very poor indeed. Painful as is an
admis fon of that character, the Government
does not hesitate to make It, for it sees no rea-
son to raise false hopes among those who have
relatives or friends among the besieged men
and women battling desperately against a su-
perior forceof fanatics, who look for a general
massacre of the “foreign devils."

The British legation, where all the foreigners
have taken refuge, isa commanded by the city
wall, astructure overtopping the buildings in-
s de the legation compound. Mr. W. W. Rock-
hill, the director of the Bureau of American
Republics, who was formerly secretary of the
United States legation in Pekin, bas informed
the State Department that the British legation
is too small to accommodate all the foreigners
now in the capital for any great length of time,
and the Government officials have learned from
trustworthy sources that resistance to the
Chinese cannot be maintained for more than a
fortnight. Already the slege has been in prog-
ress nearly if not quite that long. Another
fortnight must elapse before the international
forves can reach Pekin.

Advices received by the State Department
to-day from John Goodnow, the United States
Consul General at Sbanghal, who makes ii a
point to send only reliable information, show
that the position of the foreigners [In Pekin was
desperate on June 27, six days ago. Two
despatches came from Mr. Goodnow. The
firet, the text of which was withheld,
giving news brought by a runner sent out
by Sir Robert Hart, the Impertal Direc
tor of Customs of the Chinese Government.
This runner left Pekin on June 25. In his
message Sir Robert said that only three lega-
tions, the British, German and Itallan, were
standing, a story slightly different from that
brought by a preceding runner, from whom
Admiral Kempff obtained the information that
the Italian Legation had been burned, but the
French establishment was standing. Mr. Good-
now said also that on the 25th the Chinese were
pouring a rifle fire into the British Legation and
had artillery trained on it, but had not fired the
big guns

Later inthe day this important neys came
from Mr. Goodnow:

“SHANOHAL, duly 3.--On the 27th of June
there were two lewation buildings standing.
The Emperor and Empress Dowager are pris

oners inthe palace, ‘The sity gates are closed.
Prince Tuan and his force of Boxers are in con-
trol of everything. Complete condition of
anarchy in the streets."

it was the hope that the Empress Dowager
would bestir herself to protect the foreigners
that encouraged the Government to_ belleve
yesterday that the lives of the foreign Ministers
and those in thelr care world be preserved.

Mr Goodnow’s telegram practically degtroys
this hope, but the Government is satisfied from
his despatch and from other advices, that it

wis correct In assuming that the Empress
Dowager destred to carry out the international
obligations of the Euipire and that the recog-
nized Chinese Government Was not concerned
in the attacks on foreigners. Itis clear t) the
Government that Prince Tuan ts in revoit
probably backed by Chinese Imperial troops ot
a nuruber large enough to tntimidate that por-
tion of the Imperial forces loyal to the
Empress. ; =

In this condition of affairs the officials here
derive considerable comfort erent the knowledge
that Li Hung Chang is opposed to the antl-

foreign movement and is increasing his
private army, probably assist the inter-
national forces in relieving Pekin. Li's stro

stand against Tuan and the Boxers makes it
practicilly certain that the revolt will not
spread to the Yang-Tse valley and the southern
provinces generally. The comforting news
about Li's efforts to preserve peace came in
this telegram to the State pepartment from
United States Consul Robert MoWade:

“Canton— Viceroy Li Hung Chane has to-day
assured me that he will immediately issue a
strong proclamation commanding the preser-
vation of peace and order in his provinces and
willtake the necessary measures forthe pro-
tection of foreigners asfar as possible. He is
largely increasing the force of his army.

With Li Hung Cnang holding the southern
provinces loyal to the Imperial Government
and the international allies continuing to work
harmoniously for the relief of Pekin and the re-
est maphinees of order throughout the per-
terbe portion of the Empire, the situation
wives geome comfort to the Government. The

h made by Emperor William to-day {a
interpreted here as an indication of the Em-
ror's intention not to deciare war against
“hinese Government on account of the murder

of Baron Von Ketteler, but to work with
other Powers to protect foreigners and restore
order. His declaration Is regarded as especially
significant, as it apparently clears away the
doubt as to Germany's attitude and aligne her
with the United States, Gireat Britain and Japan
against the partition of China. Astor Russia
and France, whatever feels desires may be, It
is feit that the attitude of Emperor Wiliam
willfxeep them in line with the other great
nations to accomplish unselfish purposes only,

How soon the allies will be able to reach
Pekin is a matter of surmise, The Government
does not know even when they will be prepared
tostartfrom Taku or Tien-Tsin with a sufi-
clent force to overcome all opposition on the
way and at_the capital. Some of the most
prominent officials belleve that the army of
16,000 trained men, Europeans, Amerivans
and Japanese, now on Chinese _ soll,
will be able to defeat any Chinese force
that may oppose it. One official a
that unless our fdeas, formed during the
Japanese-Chinese War, of the fighting ability of
the Chinese were all wrong, the 16,000 allies
should be able to get to Pekin without great
dif_l ulty It is estimated that the eighty
milas between Tien-Tsin and Pekin can be cov-
ered ina week by the international relief force,
opposition being taken into account, and grant-
ing that not mcre thana week will be required
to provide transport and supply trains, and to
assemble the army at Tien-Tsin, the allies may
be at the gates of Pekin {inafortnight. The
Ninth United States Infantry from Manila ts
due to arrive at Taku within the next twenty-
four hours i

That the military expedition ts preparing to
start is shown by telegrams exchanged to-day
between the Navy Department and Admiral
Kempff, The Department asked the Admiral
to asc rtain what the American ehare of the
transport expense will be.

THE BALTIMORE AT

MALTA.

Her Long «Service Men Will Be Sent Back to
China From Gfbraltar.
WASHINGTON, July 3 Rear Admiral Watson
afrived at Malta to-day on the flagship Baiti-
more, The training ship Buffalo, which was to
meet the\ Baltimore at Malta and to take
from her long-service men needed = to
fill out the crews of warshi in China
and the Philippines, left Malta several
days ago, missing the flagship. The Baltimore
will be met at Gibralter by the supply ship
Selndia, which will take the Baltimore's long-

service men back to the Asiatic station 5

the Seindia arrived to-day at Cardiff, Wales,
where she is loading with coal for the American
squadron at Tak, The chartered steamer
Aoara from Norfolk arrived to-day at Manila
with 6,500 tons of coal for the American fleet.

OREGON REPORTED OFF THE ROCKS

Japanese Government Offers All
Facilities,

WASHINGTON, July 3.-A despatch received
here says the Oregon has been floated

The Navy Department this morning received
acable meseage from Lieut. Albert L. Key,
Naval Attaché at Tokio, saying tnat the dry
cock at Port “Arthur is too narrow to
accommodate. the battleship Oregon now
on the rocks«ff the coast of China, Lieut.
Key's message was in response to a
despatch sent to the United States Minister at
Tokio, asking him to secure permission of the
Japanese for docking the battleship Oregon If

she was saved, the permission to be taken ad-
vantage of, however, only if the Russian dry
dock at Port Arthur was not suitable. Lieut,
Key's reply said:

Port Arthur too narrow, If Oregon cannot
dock at Nagasaki, Japanese Navy Department
tenders use of either Kobe or Yokohama docks,
Offers any assistance desired, Has ordered
cruiser Akitisushima from Chefoo to Oregon,
Have cabled Wide offer to dock.”

 

Its Docking

 

\ banpy onttheipation

ands easan\| memory are
berne of a Hudson River Day Le ,

ine trip—Ade

-~

 

HOPELESS FIGHT AGAINST THE PRO-
POSED FREE SILVER PLANK

 

Mr. Hill, Who It Was Supposed Would Lead
the Fight, Has Been Tarned Down by His
Own Delegation and Will Not Be on the Com-
mittee on Resolutions Proxies Have Been
Offered Him From Other States, but None
Has Been Accepted—West Virginia's Dele-
gation Unanimoasly Declare Against a
Free Silver Plank and Even Against the
Reaffirmation of the CNicago Platform.

Kansas Ciry, July 3.--During all of thed seus
sions of the last few days on the Democratic plat-
form the main point has been the money ques-
tion. Alof the wrangle has been as to whether
there should be a specific declaration in favor
of the free coinage of silver at the ratio of
16 to 1, or whether there should be merely
a reaffirmation of the Chicago platform
and let it go at that. Mr. Bryan over a week
ago sent tweive letters to Demoorats inviting
them to his home in Lincoln to discuss this
money plank. One of the gentlemen who re-
ceived these letters was Mr. Hill. Mr. Bryan
well knew that such old friends as Chairman
Jones of the National Committee, John P. Alt-
geld of Illinols, ex-Gov. Stone of Missouri, Ed-
ward S. Johnson of Kansas, D. J. Campau of
Michigan, J. M. Guffey of Pennsylvania anda
Dumber of others differed with him as to the
exact wording of the money plank.

Mr. Bryan and his friends «ut Lincoln have
discussed nothing whatever about the platform
except the wording of the financial plank.
Not a soul here or in Iincoln has heard
a single word about impertaiism or ex-
pansion or anything else. It has been all
on the money question. The fallacious cry
of imperialism and the un-American sentiment
against expansion have been shunted to the
rear. The whole fight has been as to whether
Mr. Bryan should have his way as to a specific
declaration for free silver at 16 to L

There being no longer any reasonable
doubt that the Convention, which meets to-mor-
row, will adopt a platform containing a plank de-
claring for the free coinage of silver at the
ratio of 16 to 1, the most interesting question
to be decided now is will that action be brought
about with or without a fight in the oconvea-
tion, That there will be a fight in the Com-
mittee on Resolutions is certain, and that there
have been and are still, daily and hourly, fights
in the meetings of the various State delega-
tions and in the public and private confer
ences of the hotels and street corners, is only
too plainly evident to one who has been in
Kansas City since the first of the delegates
arrived.

A figlit against the proposed free silver plank
would be fully justified, because it is evident that
a majority of the delegates favor the policy of
reaffirming the Chicago platform and say
nothing more definite on the silver question,
But although in a majority, those who advise
this course will be defeated. Bryan's band
is at the party helm now, as it has been for the
past four years. He is opposed to the policy
of dodging, and loses no opportunity to say
80 whenever any man asks the question who
has a right to ask it. It will be a Bryan con
vention and a Bryan platform, and when any
delegate says he doesn’t like this programme
the free silver Populists, who are in the saddle
again, tell him he can do the other thing. The
leaders who have advocated the dodging pol-
icy, the “conservatives” as they prefer to be
called, resent the dictatorship of Bryan, but
whether they will dare to make a fight to es-
cape it is as yet an unanswered question,

There is one man to whom those who think
the salvation of the Democratic party lies in
a negative policy on the financial question
have been looking as their champion to make
the fight that will wrest the control of the con-
vention from Bryan. That man is David B.
Hill of New York. Since he arrived bere on
Sunday morning he has been heralded far and
wide as the gladiator who would shie his castor
into the ring and challenge Bryan and his
Populist allies to a fight in the open. But to-
day the gladiator has received a wound that
will make it impossible for him to step forth
as the champion of any cause, and that will be
likely to bring him to inglorious defeat if he
does, Asa member of the Committee on Reso-
lutions from the State of New York Mr. Hill
might have been an important factor as the
leader of the anti-free silver crowd, but simply
as an individual delegate, repudiated by his
State, there is little that he can do. Whether
he will attempt to do that little or abandon
the field in disgust, he must determine within
the next few hours.

Bryan says he is not attempting to control
the convention, or to make the platform, or
to force his views upon the delegates, but this
must be eaid merely in a Picwickian sense,
because to every man who makes the pilgrim-
age to the prairie grasshopper State Bryan
in the same breath that he disavows rather
gave the impression, mainly by what he did
not say, that Bryan would keep his hands off.
But Hill got no such promise from him, as is
very well known by the testimony of others
who went to Lincoln on the same errand as he
did. The leaders of the dodging policy were
not altogether sanguine that Mr, Hill would
sucosed with Bryan, but they thought that
they had things fixed just about right when
they sent Mr. Bryan's personal friend, Mr.
Kerr of Pennsytvania, to plead thelr cause,
Nearly all of the so-called leaders of the Demo-
cratio party were in the scheme to get from
Bryan an assurance that he would let the dele-
gates run the convention, but the five men
who took such a keen interest as to send Mr.
Kerr with an appeal to Bryan against stand-
ing up too stiff on tho silver question were
James K. Jones of Arkansas, the chairman of
the National Democratic Committee; William
J. Stone of Missouri, Daniel J. C. Campau of
Michigan, James Guffey of Pennsylvania and
E. Johnson of Arkansas.

Anxiously they awaited Mr. Kerr's reply,
which came back to Kansas City long before he
did, and they were anything but pleased when
they got it. “No, no,” sald Mr. Bryan to Mr
Kerr; “I have no desire to make the platform.
1 do not desire or intend to control the action
of the convention, but I as an individual muat
let it be known publicly that my political views
are uochanged, and that I don't now think the
Democratic party can afford to abandon the
free silver clause It would becowardly to do so,
It would be abandoning our allies. I can-
not consent to any programme looking to the
adoption of any platform that does not in spe-
cific language declare for the adherence of the
Democratic party to the free coinage of silver
at the ratio of 16 to 1. It would be cowardly
It would be surrendering the principles upoa
which the Democracy of the present day is
founded. It would be to throw away a million
votes of those who gave us their support four
years ago and who will do so now if we keep our
standard to the front.”

This Is in effect what Bryan sald to Hill when
he went to Lineoln on Sunday, and it is what he
told ex-Congressman James Kerr of Pennsyl-
vania, who went to Lincoln yesterday, and it is
what he told to the emissaries of other States
who made the long journey to read to him vari-
ous propositions looking to the dodging of the
silver question, To say that the political lead-
ers, who have been working tooth and nail to
convince Bryan that he should listen to the
voices of the majority of delegates who want
a dodging financial plank, are disgusted at his
course, is to put it mildly. They thought yes-
terday they had won their fight. They know

 

 

agate, Swift, Sumptuous” Otly deseribe the steam-
era of the Hudson River Day Line,—Ada

 

LL

SSS SSS Ss sn SSB SSS SSS Ss SSS eS Sn SSS SEES
2

to-day that they have lost it. And all that re-
mains to be settled is whether to die easy or
otherwise,

Mr. Hill has not been very free in discussing
what took place between bim and Mr. Bryan,
and when he first returned it was the same old
story that has been told to Hill and to all the
others, and so Jones and Stone, Campau and
Guffey and Johnson saw that their plan had
failed and that the last hope of keeping the con-
vention from pronouncing over again in favor
of Bryanism and Populism had fled. Now,
therefore, the question ts, Can David B, Hill with
his wings clipped force the convention to do
what a majority of the delegates would like to
do, but which the Bryanites declare shall not
be done? Of course he can’t, but Hill has often
made losing fights and may be willing to throw
himself into the breach once more,

The plan that is favored now by those who
would make a last desperate stand and put Hill
to the front to save the Democracy against
Bryanism and Populism ts to have him made a
member of the Committee on Resolutions by
the proxy of a delegate from another State than
New York and bring into the convention @
minority report and fight the whole thing out
in public. Plenty of proxies will be forthcom-
ing if Hill is willing to stand forth. Clark How-
ell of Georgia, Johnson of Kansas, Menzies of
Indiana and one or two more have already
offered to give him theirs, but none haa yet
been accepted, Hill may determine to make
the fight with the purpose of making a record
for his own future use, but of course he knows
he could not wrest the seeptre from Bryan's
hands at this late hour. Bryan himself will be
the presiding genius of the convention, whether
he is In Lincoln or in Kansas City during ita
session. His own personal representative,P.
L. Metcalf of Nebraska, the editor-in-chief of
the Omaha World-Herad, the Western organ
of the silverites and Populists, will be the Negras
ka member of the Committee on Resolutions,
and in all probability the chairman of the com-
mittee. He is in Kansas City now, and in his
pocket is a draft of a platform that Mr. Bryan
indorses and which he will have adopted,
whether he ts attempting to control the action
of the convention or not, One of the planks
of that platform reaffirms the Chicago platform
and renews the demand for the free coinage
of silver at the ratio of 16 to 1, That is the plat-
form that the majority of the Committ® on
Resolutions will report back to the convention,
and that Is the onajhat wil be adopted, whether
or not Mr. Hill or any other advocate makes
the fight in behalf of a polley of dodging.

The leaders of the already defeated move-
ment to keep all specifiic reference to free sil-
ver and to ratios out of platform do not at-
tempt to conceal their belief that the Denio-
cratic party widl be utterly defeated from the
moment that the platiorm is adopted, any
more than they attempt to conceal their dis-
gust at the ill success of thelr efforts. The
leaders from Pennsylvania, Indiana, Michigan,
Wisconsin, Ohio, West Virginia and other great
States are all in the same boat, Their feelings
are well expressed by the action of the West
Viriginia delegation to-day, under the leader-
ship of J. W. St. Clair, who will be the member
from his State on the Committee on Resolu-
tions. By a unanimous vote they decided
that there should be no declaration for free
silver in the platform and that even the Chi-
cago platform should not be reaffirmed.

Why they did this was explained by Mr.
St. Clair as he sat in Gov. Hill's rooms at the
Coates House this afternoon.

“Why,” he said, “how can we reaffirm a plat-
form that is based upon a condition of things
that may have existed four years ago, but
which eyen a blind man can see does not exist
now? How can we, for instance, reaffirm a
platform which contains this language: ‘We
denounce the profligate waste of money wrung
from the people by excessive taxation and the
lavish appropriations of recent Republican
Congresses which have kept taxes high, while
the labor that pays them is unemployed and
the products of the people's toil are depressed
in price tll they no longer pay the cost of pro-
duction.’ That is a statement of conditions
that do not exist, and why should the Demo-
cratlo party go on record as saying that it ex-
ista when they know !{t does not? It is all non-
sense to talk about reaffirming the Chicago
platform as a whole. We shofid have a new

platform, based on the conditions as they
exist to-day, and it should not declare in favor
of a financial policy which a@ majority of the
Democratic party do not approve.”
Mr, St. Clair will, as a member of the Com-
mittee on Resolutions, aid in any fight that is
roade for the purpose of breaking down the free
allver faction, but he does not eXpect it to win
any more than he and others who think as he
does believe that the Democracy has any chance
of winning in November,
So far as the financial plank of the platform is
concerned it is settled now, and some attention
ia therefore be! paid to the various other
planks of more or less importance. These parts
of the platform will be dictated by Bryan and
Bryan's representatives, just as the silver plank
The leading oublects aside from that of
silver will be, of course, militarism, trusts and
imperialism. These will be Planks upon
which all the Bryan floods of eloquence will be
jet loose. And the denunciation of trusts will,
it is understood, be strong enough to include
even the Ice Trust. The party will deprecate
the maintenance of a standing army large
enough to preserve the honor of the United
States, and the dark shadow of imperialism
that has arisen to wreck the American pepublio.
Then there will be a few other planks, includin,
that which was originated by Mayor McUuire ou.
Syracuse, to take away from legislative bodies
the power of direct legislation and placing it
by conetitutional amendmentin the hands of the
people where they can have their hands on it at
all times. This is the platform that is to be
adopted, and it makes no difference whether
Hill or any other Democrat leads a fight against
any portion

Xtay or vanes K. McGuire of Syracuse, wno
was at Mr. Bryan's home when Seuvator Hill
was there on Sunday night gave the following
statement this afternoon:

“At the request of Mr. Bryan I went to Lin-
coln, accompanied by Eugene Hughes. r,
Bryan looks rugged and is prepared for that
extraordinary ergo persopal campaign,
in which work he has no equal. He appears
to be a physical marvel, his managers have
changed the plan of campaign and Lys 4 ree
ent intentions he will speak ont in the large
cities, We spent the afternoon with Mr, Bryan
at his little farm, where he lives during the
summer, like Cincinnatus, in rural simplicity.
What he wanted to talk with me about was
the platform and the situation in New York
I told him plainly of the peculiar political con-
ditions whitch prevail in New York and the
necessity for carrying that State in order to
win the general election. Mr. Bryan is quite
determined to have the Kansas City Conven-
tion reaffirm unequivocally the Chicago plat.
form, including a declaration in favor of the
free and unlimited coinage of silver at the
ratio of 16 to 1 without the consent of any other
nation, The Chicago platform is to be in-
dorsed in whole and part, in letter and in spirit
Mr. Bryan said to me that his strenuous ad-
voeacy of the white metal during the past
seven years, his nominadion and political cam-
paign on that issue in 1806, made it logical
and impossible for him to disassociate him-
self from the silver principle, as by so doing
he would not only be accused of inconsistency
but with ereat political and personal cowardive
his friends loyalty

   

He demands of to silver
asat»st of loyalty to him, which is the cause
of much embarra-ament to his Bastern friends

“after dinner former Senator David B. Hill
had a long talk about the platform. Senator
Hill wanted a modified platiorm and = tndors-

ing silver. Mr. Bryan was courteous but obdu-
rate, and no concession whatever was granted

the Senator, Mr. Hill said that New York
ean be carried on a modified platform, Not-
withstanding his reverses at Lincoli Senator

Hill appeared to be hopeful and in abundant
good spir.ts
“Sinee my arrival here [ have been hard at

work trying to get a declaration in the plat-
form in favor ot direct legislation-— that
to have State Constitutional amendments

requiring the Legialature, on petition, to submit
all importaat city and State questions to the

ople for a vote, the vete of the people to be
fina without girther submission to the Legis-
lature, and it ks now as though we will win
and that the Democratic party will be the first
areat national party to declare for direct lew-
islation. Many Congressmen and other legis-
latore are opposing the idea and will try hard
to prevent its insertion

 

Oculists’ tr scriptions
for correcting ostigmathsa, mj ola. presbyopia de,
ac cuzately @nund by Spencer's, 15 Maden Lane,
-—Ade.

 

eset

i

—- - ~— ee

PRICE TWO CENTS. .
CROKER TORNS HILL DOWN
HOT rime iy rue aw Teas (STATS

  
 

 

Ex-Senator Murphy, McLaughiin’s Lieutes-
ants and Norman E. Mack of Erte Ald
Croker in Keeping Hill Off the Platform
Committee--Augustus Van Wyck Selected
Instead-Jobn W. Keller Named as New
York's Candidate for Vice-President —Mr,
Mack Chosen National Committeemaa,

Kansas City, July 3.—The New York dele
Gation had the most exciting meeting this afe
ternoon since the hour that the Hon. Richard
Croker succeeded John Kelly as the leader of
Tammany Hall in 1ss5, It was at that time
that David Bennett Hill had succeeded Grover
Cleveland as Governor of the State, These
who are familiar with the political and pere
sonal history of these two men have knows
that they have never been able to get along
with each other, The friends of Mr, Croker
have always insisted that he was straight
forward in his dealings and that he is a man te
keep his promises to his political associates,
Mr. Croker's friends have always accused Mi,
Hill of subterranean methods, and they assaré
that while he was Governor he did many
things which Mr. Croker has always said were
done for no other purpose than to attempt to
disrupt the Tammany Hall organization, Mowee
over, Mr. Hill at public banquets has on sewe
eral occasions indulged in various filngs a@
Mr. Croker. There has been bad blood Be»
tween the two men, especially for the lasé ten
years. Mr. Hill has accused Mr. Croker of
being a “racehorse statesman.” Mr. Croker
on one or two ocoastons has not hesitated te
say that Mr. Hill could not tell the truth tf he
wanted to. The quarrel between these two
men has extended to the Kings County Deme
ocrats aid the lieutenants of Hugh MaLaughe
lin, like James Shevlin and Senator Patrick
Henry McCarren, have sided with Mr. Croker,
although in times gone by Mr. Mclaughlin
has been Mr. Hill's ally in New York State pok
itics,

The vitriolic feeling between Mr. Croker end
Mr. Hill resulted a year or so ego in lugging ta
Senator Edward Murphy, and he, too, has taken
the side of Mr, Croker. All of these men—Mr,
Croker, Mr MoLaughiin’s lieutenants and Mr,
Murphy and his friends—have seemed to think
that Mr, Hill was more or less of a trickster,
They have been afraid of him So Mr, Croker,
Mr. Murphy and Mr. McLaughlin's lieutenants
have been looking around for several months
to see how they could absolutely humiliate Mr.
All. 1t was necessary for them to get a little
more aid, 80 they gathered inthe Hon. Norman
E. Mack of Erie county The lines were thus
drawn when the New York State delegation met
this afternoon in the Midland Hotel to decide
who should be the officers of the delegation in
the convention, but, above and beyond all else,
who should be New York's member of the Com
mittee on Resolutions or Platform. The dee
gation didn’t seem to care a copper who itabould
present for Vice-President for the reason that
Mr. Bryan has shrugged his shoulders and lifted
his eyes at the Vice-Presidential timber whieh
has been gossipped about, Neither did anye
body care who was to be the member of the
Committee on Credentials, This was the first
time that Mr. Croker had got Mr Hill in the
open and he decided to have it right amack out
with him, bang. Hedid. And the Croker com-
bine defeated Mr. Hill for New York member
on the Committee on Resolutions by a vote of
88 to 26, eight not voting. The story of hw
this was brought about will be interesting read-
ing for every Democrat, not only in New York
State but in every other State in the Union
where Mr. Croker and Mr Hill are national
figures.

National Committeeman Frank Campbell of
Bath called the delegation to order. He was
National Committeeman for the State and this
was his province. He {s also chairman of the
Democratic Stata Committee of New York,
No sooner was the delegation polled than Senator
Thomas Francis Grady, the silver-tongued
orater of Tammany, moved that ex-Senator
Murphy of Troy be made chairman [of the dele
gation. Mr. Murphy was eleoted unanimously,

and John M. Carlisle of Jefferson county was,

made Secretary. Instantly John M. Mahoney
of Albany was on his feet making a plea that
W. K. Clute and F. W. Cantwell of the Twentieth
Congress district, which {s Albany county,
should be recognized as the delegate to this
convention instead of P, E. McCabe and Mark
Cohn. Mr. Mahoney made a long plea for his
clients and claimed that they had been regu

larly elected.

Ex-Senator Hill spoke up for MoCabe end
Cohn. He said that this matter was practically
settled when the Democratic State Committee
was elected In New York immediately after the
Democratic State Convention was held tn the
Academy of Music. Mr. Hill said a number
of very kind words for Mr. McCabe especially
and added that Mr. MoCabe had not been always
friendly to him, but that didn’t make any differ-
ence. Tle believed the Mr. MoCabe and Mr.
Cohn had the right of thp matter, and on motion,
of Charles N. Bulger Mr. McCabe and Mr,
Cohn were seated.

Then came the real circus. Bridge Commis
stoner John L. Shea of Kings county moved that
@x-Supreme Court Justice Augustus Van Wyok
of Kings be made New York’s member of the
Committee on Resolutions

Mayor James McGuire of Syracuse moved
that ex-Nenator David B. Hill be elected as
New York member of the Committee on Reso»
lutions. Mr. McGuire in making his Domi
nation said

“I think it would bega blunder from the
standpoint of tact at this time, when we have
ap opportunity to win in the State of New York,
to huri this firebrand into the delegation. I
mean by this firebrand, the attempt to humill>
ate Mr. Hill. I do not agree with Mr. Hill as
to his desire to change the platform, nor have
I always agreed with him on other questions,
Nevertheless, | insist that there is no necessity
for keeping him off of the Cornmittee on Reso

lutions and refusing to give Bim the place he
has wanted, just because a few of us differ
with bim on the other matters. We reserve
the right to vote against him in the convention
if he offers a minority report of the Committee
on Platforn Some Democrats have spoken
of Hill's attitude in 1806; at least this has been
the comment for the last four years. Let me
say to you, gentlemen, that there is no differe
ence in this matter between the positions of
Mr. Hilland Mr. Van Wvyek. Honors are even
between them on that seore

“The point now before the delegation Is to
use tact and Judmment in securing the support
of various conservative (nterests in New York,

who desire to return to the Democratic party.
The friends of Mr. Bryan have a large majority
nvention, and yet this power can be
ent by shutting out from the
of the party those who want to come
wd toreturn toour homes and
we have differed

in this «
used to his cetrir
counel ls
qn. Weeannot iff

t aidt

have it he with wher

as to cortain planks in the p rio, but whose
presence in the field inspires a great host of
citizens, deserved to be treated in this fashion.
It is po-itive ineratitude. Judge Van Wyek
has net se ted the position to represent us on
the Co ttee on Hesolutions, while Senator
Hillis avowedly seeking the honor and has come
here to ask for st at the hands of the delegates.”

Maver Meu rood to Mr. Croker and
continued ‘Taprealtos reepeeof fair play,

 

Half Hates via New York Central
to C.ncimaati acco ot of Baptst Young People’s

Untoi of America, will Le sold July 10th to 13th, fa-
clusive Calion any New York Cenual Agenb=ade,

 

ie

 

!
t
|
i

wches

roe: