ee

    
   
    
  
    
   
 
  
    
  
   
    
    
   
  
  
  
    
  
        
       
         
           
         
          
          
           
  
     
       
 
         
  

        
    
     
    
     
       
       
     
          
 
     
      
       
     
     
       
      
   
     
     
      
      
      
 
     
     
 
         
          
     
     
       
    
       
      
      
        
        
        
        
       
     
   
    
        
    
    
    
       
     
   
     
        
       
   
     
      
      
       
        
  
      
     
      
     
  

 

                     
    
                       
               
    

  
  

Mr. Croker, and your sense of gratitude for the
only man under whose leadetship in the State
the Democratic party has been successful in
seventeen years.

Benator Grady followed Mayor McGuire, and
while he agreed with Mr. McGuire that Mr. Hill's
leadership had been successful in the State,
nevertheless things were different. “The con-
ditions have changed.” continuedSenator Grady,
“and they are such that Mr. Van Wyck’s pres-
ence as New York's representative on the Plat-
form Committee will go a lon@ evay toward se-
ouring certain modifications to which Senator
Hill is well known to be hostile. The selection
of Mr. Van Wyck would be one that the friends
of the Presidential candidate prefer.”

Mr. Hill here jumped up. He was far io
front in the delegation. Senator Grady sat
in the rear beside Mr. Croker, Mr. Hill said:

* challenge you, Mr. Grady, and I challenge
Judge Van Wyek, through you, to name to
this delegation the modiiications in the plat-
form which Judge Van Wyck ban secure.”

Mr. Hill was very red in the face and very
earnest. Senator Grady ignored his challenge
and Mr. Van Wyck sat silent, Senator Grady,
continuing, said:

“It ig well known that the New York dele-
gation desire a certain modification of the
platform. I do not desire, and lam aure that no
member of tiris delegation desires, any humili-
ation of Mr, Hill. But his position In the party
in 1906 and since that time has made his
gelection by this delegation to be our member
of the committee on platforms impossible
and obnoxious.”

John D. McMahon of Rome, Edward J. Brown
of Madison and John M. Digney of Westchester
spoke up for Mr. Hill. Their argument was
almost identical with that of Mayor McGuire,
and they begged the delegates not to humiliate
Mr. Aill by rejecting him here at this time before
the eyes of the Democratic party of the nation.
Ex-Sheriff Frank B.Creamer and Senator Patrick
Henry McCarten spoke up for Judge Van Wyck.
They told of Judge Van Wyck's qualifications
for the place, and the debate seemed to be over,

Just as the roll call was about to begin Mr.
Hill jumped to his feet again. He was greatly
excited. He swung his fist in the direction of
Benator Grady and said

“You have just said that my selection as the
mamber of the Committee on Resobitions would
be obnoxious. I want to say to you that I have
Deen as loyal a Democrat us you or any of your
friends, and [ want moreaver to say to you that
io “me of trouble I have never sneaked across
the water and remained abroad.”

Down sat Mr. Hill and up jumped Mr. Croker.
He is still a little lame, but he was as agile as a
tiger. He was anger itself, His voice was a
roar.

“Do you mean me?" roared Mr. Croker, “Do
you mean me, Mr. Hill? You have been saying
these things for a number of years, You have
always said them behind my back. I propose
to now pin you down. Do you mean me? Do
you mean that I sneaked away Do you mean
that I was not loyal to the ticket in 1496?"

Mr. Croker remained on his feet, Mr. Hill
jumped up again. He faced Mr, Croker, and
his voice was almost a shriek,

“Yes, I mean you,” Mr. Hill said. “I mean
you, if you want to know. Ido say that
you sneaked away in 1896!"

Mr. Croker-—-Where were you, Mr, Hill, in
1806?

Mr. Hill—I was right in the State of New York.
I did not run away to Europe.

Croker was = growing madder = every
minute. “Mr. Hill,” he = shonted, “it
fe true that Io was in Europe in

1806, but I didn’t sneak away. Moreover, I
cabled to the Tammany organization to stand
by Bryan and the Chicago platform, That’s
more than you did in any fashion,”

The two men were facing each other and
giving 4 rattling fire back and forth, Mr,
Hill replied to Mr. Croker by saying

“If you cabled to Tammany Hall to sup-
port the ticket, I also directed the State organ-
ization te do everything possible for Bryan
and the platform, and I also voted for the ticket,
and that’s more than you ean say.”

There*was more rattling fire back and forth
but it was of the same tenor, Mr. Croker had
the final word, He said:

“When I go abroad and stay five or six months
and come home, I find all iny friends waiting
for me and glad to see me. I go abroad in
an open way and everybody knows where I
am. I don't try to make political capital,
I don't try to array the country Democrats
against the city of New York. You are try-
ing to break up Tammany Hall by so doing,
By e0 doing you are also attempting to dis-
rupt the Democratic party.”

Mr. Hill did not makeany personal reply
to Mr. Croker, but turning to the delegation,
he made a special plea why he should be selected
for the member of the Committee on Reso-
lutions. Mr. Hill spoke of his services to the
Democratic party in the State of New York
while he was Governor and Senator. He re-
ferred to’ Mayor McGuire's utterances that
it would be ungrateful to refuse him this place
at this time, and he added

“It has been published through the length
and breadth of the land that I was to be recog-
nized as the representative of the New York
delegation of the Committee on Resolutions,
and, therefore, if this honor be not conferred
‘upon me, as everybody thought it would and I
am taken out of this contest, I will be held up
© humilation and ridicule all over the countr.y”

Mr. Croker said: “Bryan's friends do not
want you for the member of the Committee on
Resolutions for New York State.”

This greatly angered Mr. Hill, and, turning
to Mr. Croker, he said: “I challenge you to
show a single letter or telegram or to give me
one single expression from Mr, Bryan to sup-
port your statement.”

Mr. Croker replied, “I have not any letters
or telegrams, and if I had I would not show
them to you, but it !s very generally under-
stood that neither Mr. Bryan nor his friends
want you to represent New York State in the
committee.”

Mr. Hill returned to the charge of Mr. Croker
that Mr. Bryan did not want hin, and swing-
ing his fist at Mr. Croker again, he said: “Then
{¢ ia to go before the nation that you, Richard
Oroker, are Mr. Bryan's ‘personal representa-
tive in this convention from the State of New
York.”

Mr. Croker was boiling over by this time.

“I deny that statement, Mr. Hill,” Mr. Croker
eaid. “I simply say that you are not the man
for the Committee on Resolutions, We are
willing to support you for Vice-President,

I will ask if the vote is taken that McGuire
present your name to this convention

for Vice-President.”

Nothing could exceed Mr. Hill's anger at
Mr. Croker’s statements. He swung his two
@fme at Mr. Croker and fairly roared back
this repiy:

, OPoker, you are trying to humiliate
me and I know it. Mr. Croker, you refuse
me the honor of this place on this committee
and you talk to me of presenting my name
for the offic: of Vice-President. Your motives
are thoroughly understood by me. IT under-
etand you thoroughly, but you shall not be
allowed to further humiliate me, as I am not
and shall not be your candidate or anybody
else's candidate for Vice-President.”

The vote was then taken by which Mr. Van
Wyck was elected over Mr. Hill, Mr. ilill
immediately left the delegation. In his excite.
ment he grabbed Senator Murphy's hat and
had gotten half way out of the door when he
discovered lils error and returned for his own.
Mr. Hill said

“Well, Mr. Croker says that Bryan did not
want me on the Committee on Resolutions
for New York State, and they have just selected
Mr. Van Wyck over me.”

It was known that if Senator Hill should
be defeated in the New York delegation for
member of the Committee on Resolutions, the
proxy of Mr. Clark Howell of Georgia, BE. J.
Johnson of Kansas, and Major G. S. V. Manzies
of Indiana would be offered him. Senator Hill
was asked if he would use either of these three
proxies to precipitate a fight in the Committee
on Resolutions for a simple reaffirmation of the
Chicago platform of 1896. Senator Hill said
that he would have to consider that matter,

   

but that he would not come to any hasty jude-
ment.

The delegation on motion of Bridge Com-
missioner John L. Shay of Kings, nominated
John W. Keller, Tarmmany's Commissioner of
Charities as the man for the New York State
delegation to present to the convention as its
candidate for Vice-President. Frank H. Mott
presented the name of Elliot Danforth. James
M. Nolan presented the name of Mr. Sulzer.
Frederick A. Schraub of Lewis county pre-
sented the name of Mayor McGuire. Mr.
Sulzer withdrew and Mr. McGuire refused
to allow hia name to be presented. Mr. Dan-
forth was beaten by a vote of 88 to 26, and John
W. Keller was declared to be the unanimous
choice of the delegation as New York's candi-
date for Vice-President. Mr. Keller made a
speech thanking the delegation.

Mr. McCarren was made the member for
the Committee on Credentials, Judge John Lynn
of Monroe was made the member for Perma-
nent Organization, Charles N. Bulger of Oswego
was made honorary Vice-President for the
delegation, and Clifton H. Swartout was made
honorary secretary.

The committee unanimously elected the
Hon. Norman E. Mack of Buffalo aa National
Committeeman for New York State to suc-
ceed Mr. Campbell. Krank H, Mott was
selected to notify the Presidential nominee
and Mr. Kane was selected to notify the Vice-
Presidential candidate.

Before the delegation met Mr. Hill had a
long conference with Mr. Croker and Mr.
Murphy tn Mr. Croker’s room at the Midland
Hotel. Mr. Hill asked Mr. Croker what was his
idea as to the member for the Committee on
Reaolutions. Mr. Croker told Mr. Hill bluntly
that he waa for Mr. Van Wyck and would do
anything he could to secure the sélection of
Mr, Van Wyck. — Mr. Hill said that it was evi-
dently the deliberate purpose to humiliate
him and that he would go Into the delegation
and make the best fight he could.

Mr. Hilllate to-night said that be would not
accept any of th» three proxies which had been
offered to him as member of the Committee on
Resolutions. He said that toaccept any of these
proxies would be utterly undignified on his

part.

The delegation did not take any action as toa
money plank. Judge Van Wyck said to-
night that he had accepted the place
for New York's member of the Com-
mittee on Resolutions, with the distinct
understanding that he would presen his own
plat orm, and this did not include a specific
eclarationtin favor of 16 to 1. But that
amounta to nothing, because Judge, Van Wyck
is for the reaffirmation of the Chicago platform
just as Mr. Hill was.

 

THE MONETARY LEAGUE.

 

It Listens to Addresses by Gen. Warner and
Mr. Towne and Adopts an Address.
Kansas City, July 3.—Congressman William
Sulzer, who was proprietor of the most noisy
Vice-Presidential boom here, was slated
to speak before the Monetary League
this evening. Mr. Sulzer, according to
impartig] observers who were near the entrance
to the Auditorium, got word to the effect that
there was not a vast throng to listen to him,
and boing very busy nursing his boom, he didn't
show up 'o make aspeech, so Gen, A. Warner
of Marietta, Ohio, an old-time bimetaillist,
volunteered to give his views on the question,
and ex-Gov. St. John of Kansas introduced
him tothe audience. Gen. Warner is a scien=
tifle bime’allist. He is not a 16 to 1 man,
but believes that if silver fs made a
standard money metal the ratio at which it is
to be carried will regulate itself along scientific
lines. Gen. Warner to!d this to the Monetary,
League, whose members don't believe that
there is any ratioexcept that of 16 to 1, and
they didn't like it
“I don’t care anything about 16 to 1,"" he said,
“The point now isto get silver restored to its
place so that it will have the same rights as gold
Catch your hare first, then cook it; put silver
where it belongs and vou regulate the subject,
I sometimes think that we have laid altogether
too much stress on the ratioof 16to!. Tamin
favor of it, but there are and always will be
conditions which will change the ratio. Get
your silver first; don't make any more mistakes,
When we get our silver we will fix the ratio.”
The leaguers didn’t enjoy this talk. They
wanted 16to1. They interrupted Gen. Warner
with yells for 16 to 1. They yelled at Gen.
Warner. He waited uutil they gota little quiet,
Then he said
“Ttell you the question of 16 to! ts going to
cutlittle figure in this campaigp. The issues
will be anti-imperialism and trusts and what
we should do for humanity, and the question of
ratio will sink {nto infinitesimal insignificance "
A big man in the rear of the auditorium
jumped up and shouted that if Gen. Warner's
ideas prevailedjthe bimetallists might as well
desert the country to President McKinley and
the gold bugs. There was so much noise and so
many protests against Gen, Warner's attitude
that he cut his remarks short and stepped down
off the platform.
William J. Harvéy, author of “Coin,’’ at once
took his place. “If the people do not instruct
Congress before election,” he shouted, ‘as to

what the ratio shall be we will never get any
actionfrom Congress whatever, and! stand
here to tell you that 16 to thas been demanded
by our honored ieader, William Jennings
Bryan, and that we wili follow him.”’

Some one moved that Gou. Warner be made
a member of the Committee on Resolutions,
There was such a atorm of protests that the
General declined to serve. As he lett the tall
he was denownced as a political traitor and asa

THE
DELEGATIONS IN SESSION.

MEETINGS HELD TO DECIDE UPON
COURSES OF ACTION TO TAKE.

 
  

 

 

Kansas Outspoken for Hili—Willing to Hedge
on 16 to 1—Michigan Men Also Ready to
Dodge—Sharp Row in the Ohio Meeting
Over the 16 to 1 ReaMrmation Scheme
~Fennsylvania Inclined to Stick for a
Declaration —lowa Seems to Favor a Strad-
dle — Other Delegations Headed That Way.

Kansas City, July 3.-—If the twenty dele-
gates from Kansas could have things just as
they want them there would be no specific
declaration for 16 to 1 in the platform and the
candidate for Vice-President would be David
Bennett Aill. Dr. C. W. Brandenburg, of
Frankfort, Kan., who 1s a delegate-at-large,
said this morning that all of the delegation
wanted Hill if they could have him and half of
them wanted him anyway.

“But,” continued Dr. Brandenburg, “we
know perfectly well that Mr. Hill will not be
a candidate. 1 hada talk with him this morn-
ing and he said the thing was entirely out of
the question. With Mr. Hill out of the fleld
it is a little uncertain now just how we will
cast our vote. We have the unit rule, but
probably we will not abide by it on the first
ballot. It is likely that one-half of our votes
will be cast for Towne and the other half for
Carter Harrison, We feel that out of con-
sideration for the Kansas Silver Republicans
we should give at least a complimentary vote
to Towne,

“Towne, however, is by no means the man
we want. We would hardly cast a vote for
him if we thought it would result in his nomt-
nation. On the other hand, to please the Silver
Republicans, if we feel sure when we get in
the convention that there is no chance of his
nomination, we might, in the first ballot, cast
our entire twenty votes for him. Our real
choice lies between Carter Harrison or Shively.
Probably we will cast our vote for one of these
two, the one who shows the most strength at
the outset.”

“How about Sulzer?”

“Well, I cane here rather favorably inclined
toward Sulzer because he was a New York man,
and so did a number of the other delegates.
None of us had ever seen him. Since we got
here we have seen his picture and now none of
us want to see him. He isafreak. The Tam-
many men told us that this morning, but we
did not need the information. That picture
was all we wanted. I guess the Pennsyt-
vania delegation feel about as we do on
Brother Sulzer. T was talking with a number
of them this morning. They said they got
here rather kindly inclined to Sulzer and sent
the committee to see him. He received tiem
in his rooms in the approved attitude of a states»
man. They got pretty sick before he said
anything. When he began to talk they were
sorry they came. Hestuck his breast out like
the pouter pigeon and said:

“Gentlemen, when Theodore Roosevelt was
running for Governor of New York, and I was
running for Congress, I challenged him to a
debate. Mr. Roosevelt took the ground that
it was beneath his dignity, being a candidate
for Governor, to have debate with a mere can-
didate for Congress. So we did not meet in
the arena. But if I am nominated for Vice
President it will be another state of affairs.
He is the Republican candidate tor Vice-Presi-
dent, and he cannot refuse the challenge I am
going to send to him. He's got to meet me,
gentlemen, in the discussion of national in-
sues, And I give you my word here and now
that when I get through with him he will look
like 30 centa.’

“Well, when the Pennsylvania committee
heard this they left. Then there is G. Fred
Williams. We used to think a good deal of
G. Fred Williams. But the trouble with him
is that he has got all swelled up. He comes
out here now and says:

“'New England demands of this convention
that it come out with a flat-footed declara-
tion for 16 to 1!

“New England be hanged, What has New
England ever done for silver? We started this
silver boom in Kansas and we are ready to get
along with a mere reaffirmation of the Chicago
platform. We believe in throwing out the
olive branch to the Democrats who went away
froin us in 1896. But George Fred Williams

now demanding things. The fact is that
we are so sore on George Fred Williams that
we cannot give him a pleasant look.”

The action of the Michigan delegation in
yoting solidly for reaffirmation of the Chicago
platform without reassertion of the figures
16 to | is regarded as significant. Judge Daniel
J. Campan of Detroit, who was reélected Na-
tional Committeeman, is not only at the head
of the Michigan delegation but absolutely
controls it. T. J. Barkworth of Jackson, who
was elected member of the Committee on Reso-
lutons, is Judge Campau's right-hand man,
If he and the entire delegation are in favor
of omitting specific reference to 16 to 1 in the
platform, it is because Judge Carnpau so wills
it. No man in all Michigan and many other

man who would betray his party. States is as close to Mr. Bryan as is Judge
Charies A. Jowne made an address to the | Campau. If Campau stands out radically
league to-day. In the course of It he said:

Tne Republican party has degenerated from
the party of Lincoln wa party of cor uption,
do not blame the party. but the men who
are in control. They ave become cor-
rupt. The Republican party says it ts
notin favor of ,trusts, but under its rule
the trusts are thriving. The party said
that when we drove Spain from Cuba and
the Philippines we would give the rule of those
islands to the natives, but instead we are now
persecuting them. I do not recognize the false
code of morals of the Republican party. My
ary will go before the people this fall with the
lag in our hand and the declaration of Lincoln
on our lips."
Then Mr. Towne said that he was for the free
coinage of silver at 16 to 1, and that he did not

for omission of special reference of 16 to 11 it
will be because of the conferences he has had
with Bryan. He believes that such action
on the part of the convention will not be dis-
pleasing to Mr. Bryan,

On the Vice-Presidential question the Michi-
gan delegation is split and all at sea. There
are a good many Hill men among them, and
there are a good many Towne men, Sulzer
haa two votes and so has Shively. The dele-
gation at its caucus this afternoon took no
action on the Vice-Presideney, They decided
to wait until to-morrow and see how things
were drifting.

the Oho delegation
o'clock this afternoon, which was warm from

had a caucus at 3

e 68 what any othe i

= ve ould have = ee ae the start and which at one time threatened to
the policy of this country. This was the develop into something rather more than warm.
kind of talk the dulewabas to pe The storm raged over two questions. One
conference wanted, They gave three cheers | Was as to whether conn R. Mclean was @
for Mr. Towne two or three times and yelled; | bigger man than Tom Johnson, or vice versa,
“He's the stuff.’’ Then the league issued a | aid the other Was concerning 16 to 1. The

lona addre=s to the country, of which the fol-
lowing are extracta:

“To the American people on the eve of the
campaign for the election of a President and
Congress that will shape a political and eco-
nomie policy for the United States, the dele-
gates to the National Monetary Conference,
now in session assembled, issue the following
address and declaration o1 principles:

“We believe that the mosey question is at the
root of industrial evils, and that no solution of
our present difficulties can come till our mone
tary system is understood and set right.”

‘Then comes an explanation of this condition
of arrears. The present prosperity is accounted
or thus:

“A national war has recently caused our Gov-

ernment to borrow from the hoard of
these money lenders a large amount of
money that. was suddenly paid out for

products and services, thus temporarily in-
creasing the quantity in use as a medium of ex-
change and bringing partial relief, but which
relief can be only temporary, and the same
money, with an addedgtribute in money, niust
be returned to the hoard from which it cme"

“Thus the vital fluid of civilization, with-
out which business must languish and
civilization perish,” continues the docu-
ment, ‘has been cornered = and mo-
nopolized by a combine of organized
money lenders and its circulation made de-
pendent upon a tribute to them, and increased
and continuous borrowing from them must, if
permitted to continue, in the end stunt, blight
and destroy our civilization.”

A review of taxation statistics ig used as an
argument for the silver cause. The octopus,
the Rothschilds and the soulless corporations
are mentioned. The league deplores the con-
quest of this country by England. These re-
marks close the address:

“If the money power, the orgamzed money
lenders, are permitted to proceed with their
policy, the destruction of the republic tis

at hand. We believe that money,
trusts and imperialism are three subjects
thus connected-the two latter

closely
are born of the first--and that any political
convention that does in its platform not
recognize the origon of industrial trust
and the rising love of imperialism does not in-
telligently meet the situation. ‘he RKe-
Benner party, has recently met at
*hilacelphia in National Convention, and in its
platform, to the chagrin and discouragement of
nfiilions of honest members of that party ap-
proved all the iniquitous laws enacted in
the interest of the ocganized money lend-
ers, and of which we complain. The
other, or De nocratic party, is now about to
assemble in this city in National Convention
andinitour hopes now lie for inteligent an
courageous action, Should it take the position
on these questions that becomes a free and en-
lightened people, we will bid it godspeed in Its
yorn, progress, emancipation and civiliza-

ss
i

Mclean-Johnson set-to was won by McLean
in the second round, At the second ballot
he was elected member of the National Com-
mittee over Johnson. On the first ballot M.
©. Daugherty was in the race, but quickly
withdrew when it was shown that Mclean had
one-half the delegates. Before the second
ballot was over Johnson also withdrew and
Mclean had it all his own way, although the
yreliminary canvass seemed to indicate that
phneon had at least a fighting chance of win-
ning

On the Vice-Presidential question it was
decidedto move a complimentary vote to Judge
Patrick of New Philadelphia, Tuscarawas county,
who presented John MieLean's naine to the
State Convention for the nomination of Gov-
ernor, After that formality the delegation
will act as circumstances seem to advise

The row over 16 to 1 occurred when the name
of H. L. Chapman was presented for member-
ship on the Committee on Resolutions, One
of the radical silver delegates pr to
ask Mr. Chapman some questions, He wanted
to know, for one thing, just exactly how Mr.
Chapman stood on the sacred dogma of 16 to 1.
Mr. Chapman admitted that he was not so
radical on that proposition as some others.
NE RS NE EE ST ODE SEITE

 

 

 

Rogers, Peer & Company,
MEN'S AND Boys’ OUTFITTERS.

254 Broadway, cor. Warren.
and 7 and 9 Warren Su

640 Broadway, cor. Prince.

1260 Broadway, cor. 32d,

We Gl! orders
and 54 West 33d St ww oo

SUN, WEDNESDAY,

 

ae R

  

JULY

 

 

“IL am for Bryan,” he said, “and I believe

in the restoration of silver and putting it on
a proper parity with gola. But I ao not think
that we ougn
ratio Of 16 to i.”
This brought Tom L, Johnson to his feet,

“Do you not know,” he asked with warmth, |
| Was Urged Yesterday to Go to Kansas oly

“that Mr. Bryan wants the ratio of 16 to 1 ea
pecially mentionea in the platiorm?”

“I haye read something to that effect in the |

papers,” replied Mr Chapman. is
“Then you do not agree with Mr. Bryan?
queried Johnson triumphantly

“Well, no,” replied Mr. Chapman coolly,
while the ultra silver men held their breath
at the heresy, “not precisely. I am a bimet-
allist, however.”

‘There was a lively stir at this, and several
delegates were getting on their feet at the same
time when the voice of Gen, A, J, Warner, the
Nestor of Ohio Greenbackery and Silverisiu,com-
manded attention, Nothing less than thewords of
the great silver oracie of tour years ago cod
have atilied the rising tempest. Radical of the
radicals on the silver question, as he was known
to be, his counsels yet were for conservatism
and compromise. e great danger the Demo-
cratic party was now called upon to meet, he
said, came from the mailed sceptre of imperial-
iam that was now stall abroad in the land
The mailed spectre and the trust octopus were
the twin  monaters that were threatening
us, The Democratic y still stood unswerv-
inet y for silver, but at the aame time he did not
think that this was the proper occasion to make

the monetary issue the leading plank in the
platform. This calmed the storm, Mr. Chap-
man was elected to membership on the Com-
mittee on Resolutions, and a resolution was
passed for the reaffirmation of the Chicago
ia without specification of the 16 to 1

plank,

The Iowa delegation is still radically divided
on the question of a specific declaration of 16
to 1, with a strong element opposed to any
compromise. Others are equally strong in
opposition to going any further th
reaffirmation of t o platform. Sev-
gra! conferences = id, but the Gegation

not get any closer to an agreement.
parently tt war about evenly "Sivided. The
conservatives, who were in favor of mere re-
pPirpetion of the Chicago platform, put J.

. Parsons of Rock Rapids, in nomination
for membership of the Committee on Reso-
lutions, and the ultra silverites put up John

urphy, editor of the Dubuque Telegram.

arsons was elected by a vote of 14 to 12. For
the Vice-Presidency a number of the Iowa
delegates oe {n favor of Hill, and one of them
said that if Hill would permit the use of his
name he would sweep the convention as Roose-
velt carried all before him at P adsiphia.
peaking of | he sentimenta of the Missouri
Convention, ate W. H. Robinson of St.
Jogeph, said:

“We feel that if it would be any consolation to
those who staid out in 1896 to have the specific
mention of 16 to 1 left out of the platform, it
ought to be left out. We do not wish to put up
any unnecessary bars to prevent their return-
ing to the fold. We would have the Chicago
platform reaffirmed in its entirety, and that fully
covers the 16 to | question. There is no more
necessity of specifically mentioning that plank
than any other in the ¢ mioago platform.”

There was a lively struggle over the National
Committeeman in co uence of a determined
effort to turn down Ex-ioy, Stone, The con-
teat was close, Gov. Stone winning by two votes,

The Pennsylvania delegation has a warm
fight on over 16 to 1 which as yet hag not been
satisfactorily settled. It was the fixed idea

of some of the delegates to pass a resolution
for aimple reaffirmation of the Chicago plat-
form, but when it came to the test, it was found
that the radical, flat-footed, 16 to 1 respecifica-
tion crowd was so strong that there was no cer-
tainty of such a resolution passing, so the mat-
ter was referred for future consideration, The
delegation reélected Col. James M. Guffey of
Pittsburg National Comimitteeman and in ad-
dition to that presented to him a handsome
silver loving cup as an expression of thetr ap-
preciation of hie services to the party. The
resentation speech was made by the Hon. A. B.
aborn, Col. Guffey started in to make a re-
ply. but was so much overcome by the honor
hrust upon him that he broke down and called
on Congressman Green to reply for him, which
the Congressman did with mach feeling

The Wisconsin delegation ts gut foF a plain
reaffirmation of the Chicago platform without

any reference to 16 to 1. that the
delegates have decided on as to the
Vice-Presidenoy is that they would prefer
a New York man, but don't want Sul-

ger. If the nominee comes from the Weat
they don't want him to be Towne. Barring
these two negative preferences, the delega-
tion is atill all at sea over the Vice-Presidency,

Sixteen out of the eighteen Minnesota dele-

ates are for reaffirmation of the Chicago plat-
‘orm without being any more specific on the
subject of 16 to 1, The entire delegation ts
solid for Towne,

The California delegation, which got in last
night bringing a large supply of fruit and wine
with them, {s for reaffirmation of the Chicago
jatform. On the Vice-Presidency question

ney are ready to take enybody the conven-
tion wants. The Californians have the Ha-
waiian Goragarion with them as thelr guests.

Judge Williams, delegate-at-large from
Tilinois, said his delegation was for the reaffir-
mation of the Chicago platform only, and for
Vice-President would be glad to seo New York
put forward some good man who had not been
a mY in antagonizing Western interests.

ennat Lomax, chairman of the Alabama
Democratic State Committee. said the delegates
from that State were for any candidate wanted
by New York. Some were for Hill and some
were for Danforth. While belleving that a re-
affirmation of the Chicago platform would be
suMelent, he thought a specific declaration ir
favor of free silver should be made in the na-
tional plat’orm if an issue should be made of the
question 4 ag the delegates,

R. ,enry of Mississippi said the dele-
gates from that State were for a New York
or Indiana man for Vice-President and a spe-
cifle declaration in favor of 16 to 1

Senator John W. Daniel of Virginia said he
was not a eandidate for Vice-President and
that the platform should be made to fit pres-
ent conditions “A general indorsement,”
he said, “of the Chicago platform. if it be thought
needful to refer to it at all, is all that would
be wise at this time”

The Maine delegation had no choice for Vice-
President, but insisted on a separate silver
plank in the platform.

“The Kentucky delegates,” said Chairman
B. Poyntez, chairman of the Goebel election com-
mission of fentuoky, “will stand for a New
York candidate for Vice-President and do not
think a special silver plank necessary. Re-
affirming of the Chicago platform is subticient.”

iliams of Juneau, Alaska, said his
delegates favored a New York man for Vice-
President. While his Territory was for silver,
rsonally he thought the party would gain
vy not thrusting 16 to 1 ahead of the other
issues.

“The Nevada delegation,” said Frank G,
Newlands, “favora any platform Mr. Bryan
wants.”

“Vermont favors a general reaffirmation
of the Chicago platform _and has no choice
for Vice-President,” said F. W. Maloney.

illiam Kennedy, chairman of the Con-
necticut Democratic State Committee, said
his delegation had no favorite for Bryan's
running mate, and did not think a specific
reaffirmation of the silver plank of 1896 neces-

sary,

“Under the ple of good English,” said
Chairman C. T. Callahan of the Massachu-
setta Demooratic State Committee, “I believe

general reaffirmation of the Chicago plat-
‘orm carries with it the full effect of specific
declaration for silver, but inasmuch as thore
dvocating a simple reaffirmation base their
genuand upon an avowed hope of evasion, the

emocratio party would be in a more honest
poaition by again flatly declaring for 16 to 1.”

 

AN APPEAL FOR THE NEGRO.

Circular Issued on His Behalf Asking Demo-
crats Simply for Fair Play.

Kansas City, July 3.—A printed appeal to
Bryan was thrown all over the city to-day. It
was not signed by anybody and nobody seemed
to know where it came from. It starts out thus:

‘How small the stumbling block in the path of
Democracy, yet how potentfor evil! How lcath-
some, how repellant is the carcass of human
slavery, which a spurious and pharisaical aris-
tocracy is trying to reanimate by meang of dis
franchiaements, by terrorizing assassinations
and by brutal laws! How blatant the Fourth of
July tongue that heralds the words of the im-
mortal Jefferson that ‘all men are created free
and equal’ except the negro! Only the negro
stands between Bryan and the presidency. If
the great and sincere philanthropist could only
find courage to rise above partisan hate and
oppressicn and declare that the negro is
entitled to the birthright of every American
citizen, native or adopted, to climb to the top,
to grow better and better, Northern lovers of
jiberty would again support Democracy
as they once unfortunately supported
Cleveland.”

The appeal goes on and declares:

"Itvis safer fora white missionary to pene-
trate Darkest Africa, to teach the negroes re-
ligion than to enter the black belt of the United
States to teach them the duties of an American
citizen. No man in the South would dare to
teach thatan upright negro is better than a
lynching assasin. The Spirit sent Phillip to
teach and baptise the Ethiopians but
where isthe Southern white preacher who
would baptise a negro to save his soul.
Insincerity has caused Democracy to stink.
Let Bryan advocate justice to the negro and
jet Democrats in Congress give some evidence
that the party wishes to oppose class legis!a-
tion in the South as well as the North by voting
fora national election law that will give every

man, rich or poor, educated or unfortunate,
yale or black, one vom, that pall fe counted
na government by the ople of the ,
whether in Mississippi or Ror fuck A Let Bryan
denounce class legislation of South ag t
the negro.

  

 

at this juncture declare for a

the mere '

4, 1900.

| BRYAN

REJECTS ALL PROPOSALS TO DODGE

 

 

ON A 16 10 1 PLANK.

 

and Make His Own Fight With the Dele-
gates, but Declined That Also—Intimation
That He May Go After He Is Nominated.

LINCOLN, Neb., July 3.—W. J. Bryan has been
kept busy to-day at his long-distance tele-
phone, where messages were being continually
received from Kansas City, Two propositions
were urged on him, it is said: First, to take a
less pronounced stand for a direct declara-
tion for 16 to 1 in the platform, as the majority
of the delegates seem to favor re-affirmation
only; second, If he would not agree to the modi-
fication, then to come to Kansas City in per-
son and urge his convictions on the delegates.
Mr. Bryan stood firm in the attitude he has
already taken, refusing to yield to either de-
mand, although they came directly from mem-
bers of the Nebraska delegation, Mr. Met-
calf, Nebraska's representative on the Plat-
form Committee, is said to have been especially
emphatic in his demands that Mr. Bryan visit
the convention in person, but his appeal was
ignored,

Mr. Bryan will spend his time to-morrow
in his library, where he has two telegraph in-
struments and where two operators will be in
charge. He will be kept informed of all that
is happening at KansasCity, He has arranged
for a small fireworks splay in his front yard
to-morrow evening for the edification of Wil-
liam Jennings Bryan, Jr., Miss Grace and @
number of their little friends, When asked if
he would participate. Mr. Bryan responded:
“Oh, no; it’s just for the children,” indicating
a possibility of his accepting an invitation to
visit Kansas City,

This mporning Mr. and Mrs. Bryan drove to
the station to bid farewell to the Lincoln con-
tingent to the convention, They were received
with enthusiasm and a speech was demanded,
but Mr. Bryan refused. With the Lincoln party,
which ifs composed of five marching clubs,
are Miss Ruth, Mr. Bryan's older daughter;
Miss Nannie Bryan, his sister: Mrs. T. 8. Allen,
another sister, and Charles Bryan, his brother
and private secretary.

In the afternoon Mr. Bryan was summoned
to a downtown hotel to meet the Jacksonian
Club delegation from Omaha, which came
by way of Lincoln of its way to the conven-
tion. He saddled his horse and rode to the
hotel. He was greeted with cheers and as
he rode up he was surrounded and a speech
demanded, Without. dismounting and with
his hat in his hand, he said:

“T am always glad to see Jacksonians and
eapecially so now when you are on your way
to Kansas City, where you will add to the noise
and enthusiasm of the others. You have
taken for your organization the name of Jack-
son, the second greatest Democrat. Jefferson
waa the party's great lawgiver and Jackson
the party's great exemple of cournge,
There are times when courage is 48 Necessary
as a knowledge ot pasty principles, I am glad
you are going to Kansas City as you will show
visitors there what the Democrats of Nebraska
are like. You gothere to stand for the party's
principles. There was a time when there
were different principles enunciated for dif-
ferent sections of the country, for the North,
for the South, for the Fast and for the West,
but now we have a ereed making Democracy
the saine everywhere, and a creed so plain
that it can be understood by all.”

 

BRYAN LEANS TOWARD TOWNE.

 

How He Will Take the Keller Boom for Vice-
President Is a Puzgle.

Kansas Crry, July 3.—A number of the Dem-
ocrats who had been out to see Mr. Bryan at
Lincoln said to-night that he greatly preferred
that Charles A. Towne should be nominated
for Vice-President by the Democratic Nattonal
Convention. Mr. Bryan, it was added, has
not looked with favor on any of the candidates
mentioned from New York State. Just what
he will say when he learns that Charities Com-
missioner John W. Keller of Tammany Hall
has been’ put forward by the New York
delegation is one of the conumdrums here to-
night. Mr. Keller makes a fine speech and is
a thinker. These who speak of the matter
to-night say that Mr. Croker put forward Mr.
Keller at this time in order to put him in direct
line for the nomination for Mayor of New York
city next fall, However that may be, it is very
well known here that Mr. Bryan did not look
with favor on either Mr. Danforth or Mr. Sul-
wer.

 

ACTION OF NEBRASKA DELEGATION,

It Adopts a Resolution Favoring a Free Silver
Plank in the Platform.

Kansas Crry, July 8.—The Nebraska dele-
gation declared itself to-day for a specific
declaration in the platform to be adopted by
the National Democratic Convention in favor
of the free and unlimited coinage of gold and
silver at the ratio of 16to1. This action of the
delegates from Col, Bryan's own State is the
first formal action of the kind that has been
taken by any Stute delesation, and the Nebra--
kans do pot hesitat: to say plainly that in com-
ing out into the open in the way they have they
are only following the instructions and wishes
of the silver leader himself

The delegation met in its headquarters in the
Coates House, all the delegates who are in town
being present. As soon as it was called to order
H. |, Metcalf, managing editor of the Omaha
World-Herald, and one of Bryan's most ardent
admirers and closest friends, offered the follow-
ingresolutions, which it was declared, after-
wards, had been drawn up by Col, Bryan him-
self, and had been approved ,by a number of
his most irusted advisors

“Resolved, That the Nebraska delegation to
the Democratic National Convention is unal-
terably opposed to any surrender of the prin-
cipies of bimetaliism, and is heartily in favor of
inserting in the national platform a plank spe-
cifically pledging the free and unlimited coin-
age of gold and silver at the ratio of 16 tol
independent of what any other nation may do.’

Mr. Metealf did not make any speech In pre-
senting this resolution None was necessary.
Assconasit was laid betore the delegation it
was adopted unanimously. Thon the d-lega-
tion adjouroed, This evening the Nebraska
delegates are around the hotel corridors proud
of their action. They are confident that other
delegations will come out into the open to-mor-
row and make a specific declaration for 16 to 1.

 

 

   

Proposition.

A successful busi-
ness career cannot
be achieved without
sound health. The business man should

ard his health as he guards his ca ital;
For health is part of his capital and the
impairment of that capital affects every
business interest. A sedentary occupa-
tion and quick lunches, soon show their
effects in a sluggish liver, The use of
Dr. Pierce’s Golden Medical Discovery
will cure "liver trouble” as well as in-
digestion and other diseases of the or-
gans of digestion and nutrition.

The " Discovery” strengthens the body
by supplying Nature with strength mak-
ing materials, It contains no whisky.
alcohol or other Intoxicant.

"After three years of suffering with liver trou-
ble and malaria,” writes Mr. Edward Jacobse, of
Marengo, Crawford Co., Indiana, "I gave up all
hopes of ever getting stout again, and the last
chance was to try your medicine. I had tried
all the home doctors and received but little re-
lief. @After taking three bottles of Dr, Pierce's
Gelden Medical Siecovery and one vial of his
‘Pleasant Pellets’ { am stout and hearty. It is
due entirely to your wonderful medicines.”

Dr. Pierce’s Pleasant Pellets assist the
actioa of “Goldea Medical Discovery.”

WILL NOT YIELD.| 74vou# oven VICE-PRESIDENT.

 
    

 

Keller's Name Complicates the Situation—
Lentz and Stevenson Favored.

Kansas Crry, July 3.—Immediately after it
was known that the New York delegation had
put forward Jobn W. Keller as its ca ndidate for
Vice-President the situation became 4
little mixed. The New Englanders started
in to work, half of themfor Lentz of Ohio and
the others for Towne, and at midnight a new
candidate appeared upon the fleld. He is Adai
E. Stevenson of Bloomington, Ill, who was
Vice-President in Mr. Cleveland’s second ad-
ministration, The Illinois delegation does not
believe in Towne. They believe that Steven-
son should be put forward, or any sort of
a Democrat to beat Towne. The Pennsylvania
people also came out for Stevenson, Towne's
frends are becoming somewhat nervous.

All that Senator Hill would say to-night about
the presentation of John W., Keller was:

“It was not expected by my friendagthat Mr.
Croker would endeavor to prevent me repre-
senting New York State upon the Committee
on Resolutions or to put the New York delega-
gation in such a position that our State could
not secure the nomination for Vice-President
in putting forward Mr. Keller. Mr. Croker is
simply playing ward politics. If our friends had
expected a fight there were a number of dele-
gates from up the State whom we allowed to go
and who voted for Mr. Croker to-day. While
some of these we know might not stand by us
if a controversy arose, still we believe that there
will be no occasion for the up-State Democrats
to measure strength with Mr. Croker, otherwise
the result might have been different.”’

If there is any one candidate here for Vice-
President that the Pops can’t stand for it is
Adlai Stevenson. At the mention of Steven-
son's name in Sioux Falls, little Annie Diggs of
Kansas had a terrible fume of denunciation,
Standing in the corridor of the Cataract
House, straining her canary-bird voice to its
utmost limits, she roared:

"It is the voice of Gorman; it is the voice of
the wicked Eastern Demoorat,"’ and she punc-
tured Adlai's boom and put {t to sleep forever
eo far as the Pops are concerned.

George Fred Williams, the Democratic leader
of Massachusetts, and one of the members of
the Populist Conference Committee, has been
laboring all night with the Massachusetts dele-
gation, and heis trying to bring them around
to the indorsement of Towne. Mr. Williams
does this because he knows that Mr. Bryan has
practically demanded the nomination of Towne.

Rhode Island distinguished (tself by voting for
the Hon. John Jaw Lentz, and some of the
New Englanders said to-night that the Hon.
Jaw would get a good sprinkling of votes from
all the New England delegation. Now the best
thing to do, it is asserted to-night, would be
for the New Englanders to nominate George
Fred Williams of Dedham, Mass., for President
and tack on John Jaw Lentz for Vice-President

 

COMMITTEE MEETS.

Clark Delegates From Montana Seated—Pro-
gramme of the Convention.

Kansas City, July 8.--The National Com-
mittee to-day, by a vote of 24 to 22, named
Gov. Charles 8. Thomas of Colorado as the
temporary chairman of the Democratic
National Convention, which {8 to meet here
at noon to-morrow. Gov. Thomaa’s name
was presented by Judge Adair Wilson of Col-
orado. The only other name considered was
that of Mayor David 8. Rose of Milwaukee,
whose name was brought before the committee
by Senator Kenney of Delaware. National
Committeeman Walsh of lowa was named as
temporary secretary of the convention,

The sub-committees appointed to pass upon
the four contests reported, and their reports
were adopted by the full committee. The
Clark delegates were seated in Montana, the
Marcum delegates in Indian Territory, the
Jacobs delegates in Oklahoma and the Norris
delegates in the District of Columbia.

The committee adopted the following order
of business for the convention:

Calling the convention to order by chairman
of the National Committee. Reading of call
for convention by the secretary of the com-
mittee. Prayer. Speech of welcome by the
Mayor of Kansas City. Response by Chair-
man Jones, Announcement of the temporary

organization, Address by the temporary
ehairman of the convention. Resolutions
ordering the reading of the Declaration of
Independence. Keading of the Declaration
of Independence. Adoption of rules. Reso-
lutions authorizing the appointment of com-
mittees, Appointment of committees, Call-
ing for reports of these committees and
their admission for adoption. Presentation
of the names of candidates for the nomina-
tion for President. Balloting. Presenta-
tion of the names of candidates forthe nomina-
tion for Vice-President. Balloting. Call of
the roll of States for the names of persona to
serve respectively on committees to notify the
nominees for President and Vice-President,

NATIONAL

 

THE UNDERTAKER IN REVOLT.

 

McCarty of Syracuse Tells Why No Honors
Should Come to New York.

Kansas City, July 3.—Everbody in New York
State knows Undertaker John McCarty of
Syracuse and most folks will remember his
leaflet entitled “The Gold Standard Motto
‘In God we perish; take care of the Body, to
Hell with the Soul.” On the back of this leaflet
in big letters was printed the ticket that Mc-
Carty favored, “Bryan and Towne.” MoCarty's
friends told him he was wrong and that he
should serateh out Towne and substitute
the name of Sulzer, and he did it. His ticket
read then “Bryan and Sulzer.” To-day he
was convinced that that wasn't the right ticket
for him and so he scratched out the name of
Sulzer.

“What's the reason for that,” demanded a
lot of his friends,

“Here they are,” said the undertaker, and
he handed over a fresh pamphlet entitled “Six
Reasons Why the New York Politicians Should
Not Name the Vice-President.”

Here they are:

“First—Not a banner or picture of William
Jennings Bryan was to be seen inside or out-
side of the convention hall. Not even a badge
representing the sentiments of the individual
for Bryan.

“Second—While three yards of manuscript
were read protesting against the Republican
leaders of the State of New Vork for extrava-
gance and other faults, only three inches of
the same was devoted to William J. Bryan, the
candidate which they pretended to indorse,
It looked like an indorsement to deceive the
silver delegates.

“Third-—-Not a word was spoken in favor of
the Chicago platform, Anything in the form
of Democratic literature was forbidden inside
and outside of the convention hall.

“Fourth —Immediately following the so-called
indorsement a banner containing Bryan's
picture and the inscription ‘16 to 1 is a winner,’
which had been placed opposite the Demo-
cratic headquarters in honor of the man chosen,
was seized by the police on the ground that
a city ordinance had been violated. Who
ever heard of it being a criminal action to dis-
play the picture of a candidate at the head-
quarters of his party? How could it be wrong
to advocate bis principles and the principles
of his party? These same ‘bosses’ who or-
dered the banner down are violating the laws
daily in more ways than by the lee Trust.

“Fifth These so-called Democratic leaders,
to all appearances, are not Democrats
and have no sympathy with the people. The
party would be better off without them. What
the State needs is honesty and fearlessness
in the heads of our party. Samuel J. Tilden
is a sample of man needed at the present day.
It is as necessary to get rid of the crooks in the
White House as the crooks in the ice house
It was through this class of politicians this
State was lost four years ago. If Bryan will

make New York State his camping ground,
he will carry it by a large majority, for the
people are with him

“Sixth--On occasions of local or State elec.
tions the Chicago platform has been ignored
on the plea that they were not national affairs
We have just had a National Convention and
the subject was set aside to talk of State ques-
tions. What does this indicate? Senator Mur.
phy's record is 99 per cent. against his party,
dent, ‘Bryan, would’ not live als’ weeks alter

nt. we no ter
March 4, 1901.”

 
  

Useful Things
For Children.

A few of the many good
things we have, designed to
add to the comfort and pleas-
ure of children and to aid
in the task of caring for
them.

BABY SAFETY GATE, adjustable
to any door or window—no tools
required to attach it; affords abso-
lute security for child, $1.75, $2.50
& $3.75, according to size.

BABY PRINCESS HAMMOCK
AND STAND--stand of varnished
wood, quickly pt together and taken
apart. Hammock best quality close-
woven cotton with handsome valance,
Size 19x38 inches; colors: pink and
blue, $2.00.

CLIMAX BABY YARD, made of
maple with heavy duck floor per-
manenty fastened to bottom. 21
inches high, 40 inches square whea
open, $2.00.

NURSERY REFRIGERATOR,
made of hard wood, lined with gal-
vanized iron, brass trimmings, shelf,
waste pipe and siphon, $2.50.

CHILDREN’S TENTS of eight
ounce blue, white, brown and striped
duck, fast colors; easy to adjust,
size 5x5 f{t., $4.00; size 7x7 ft,
$5.00; size 10x10 ft., $8.75.

Also

CHILDREN’S SAND TOYS tna
very complete assortment,

60-62 West 23d St.

   

SENATOR BUTLER ABSENT.

Popalist National Chairman Who Was Ex-
pected to Be Around Hasn't Come,

Kansas City, July 3 —There is more or less
kicking among the Populists who are here
because of the fact that their chairman, Sena-

tor Marion Butler, has not appeared. Marion
Butler was the man who at Sioux Falls
led in the fight first for a nomination
for Vice-President and next for the nomi-
nation of Chasiey A. Towne. Butler was
a Towne boomer from the start. After the
nomination was made Butler was reélecied
chairman of the Sioux Falis Populist National
Committee and he was the man who had
most to do with the appointment of the folks
who were to come here to force the Democrats
to accept Towne as their candidate,

The Populists do not understand why Butler
has not shown up. Ali they know is thathe
je not here and he is not going to be here,
There are two delegates trom North Care
olina on the ground and that is the infor-
mation that they bring to the other members of
the Populist committee. They are not able to
give any reason for Mr. Butler’s absence ex-
cept that the fignt fn his State is so hot that he
ie compelled to stay there and mind his own
ences,

 

KELLER BROTHERS MEET.
Joe Comes Up From Texas and Finds Johs
After a Long Separation.

Kansas City, July 3.-John W. Keller was
standing in the New York headquarters this

afternoon before the meeting of the delegation,
when a tall, fine-looking stranger stepped up to
him, looked him over and said:

‘How are you, John?”

Mr. Keller returned the salutation and said;

Pretty good, how are you?”

The stranger grinned and said:

“You don't seem to know me.”

“"No,"’ said Mr. Keller, ‘I think you've got
me, I don’t recall your face.”’

“Thought so," said the stranger. “Well, I'm

0e,

“You Joe?” asked Mr. Keller, his eyes almost
Popping out of his head, and they fell into
each other's arms. Jovis John sbrother and
he hasn't seen him for fourteen vearsa. The
brother explained that he had just come up
from his home in Texas to see the convention,

nd he had hoped to get a glimpse of his
yrotier, too, but he hadn't any idea that. he
would be here in tive to see Jolin named as
a candidate for Vice-President by the delegas
tion from the State of New York,

GOLD DEMOCRATS SPLIT,
One Lot for McKinley, One for Bryan and One
for a Third Ticket,

George Foster Peabody, chairman of the
Executive Committee of the National Demo-
cratic party (Gold Democrats), has been collect-
ing the opinions of Gold Deinocrats all over
the country as to their attitude in thea
yroaching national campaign. Mr. Peabody
ias received hundr ds of letters and he said
yesterday that they were divided into three
Classes, each class having about an equal
nuinber of voters in it. One class is “antie
{mperialist’ and therefore for Bryan, Another
is fora third ticket, The third is for McKinley.
With prraniem killed beyond any hope of
revival, they say, the political atmosphere will
be purified and the Democratic party will, in
1904, be able to put up a candidate that Demo-
crats of the old model can support,

Nominated to Succeed Gen. Wheeler,

HUNTSVILLE, Ala., July 8--Judge William
Richardson of Madison county, who has twice
pade the race for Congress against Gen.
oseph Wheeler, was unanimously nominated
by the Bighth district Democratic conventieg
to-day for the unexpired term of Gen. Wheeler
in Congress and the long term following.

BIG EXPLOSION IN PASSAIC,

One Person Killed and Five Injured—Pare ef
a House Blown Away.

PATERSON, N. J., July 3.—A terrific exploston
occurred at 248 Main street, Passate, shortly bee
fore 10 o'clock to-night. Nicholas Rose, a well
to-do Italian bootblack was killed @ut
and his brother Toni Rose cannot live. ‘ee
others are injured, soine very severely, The

tose brothers were owners of a larwe bovot-
blacking place in the busiest part of the main
thoroughfare of the city. In this room the
explosion occurred. It blew part of the house
aver and the twelve chairs were hurled, some
of them, on the roof. of neiwhboring houses,
The glass in all the adjoining buildings was
wrecked

The Italians have made tornedoes for yea
and though warned by Chief Hendrie, persist
init. Some one passing thre a firecracker to
the place and exploded a big box of powder
used in making torpedoes, Among the injur
are Toni Maloni, not likely to live; Henry
McDowell and John MeDonald. The last two
were getting their shoes shined. It created
reat excitement ind had the effect of silencing
all fireworks’ celebration in Passaic

Q00Oteet

Want to q
feel good |

in Hot Weather
Eat...

Grape-Nuts
there’s a reason
waned

 

ere @00e

 

+

eo @& aFErsse-

sTeTesTTSt

   
     

en meee ewe ato wo ePwt O

a iia tai ieee sii