‘ae |

 

 

FONFERENCE WITH ALLIES.
y Proc popcusars WERT.

eneenemne
{ Trying to Arrange Some Plan of Conference
' Bo as to Obtain a Joint National Ticket
—Pepulists Demand to Share io the Pro-
ceedings — Silver Repablicans Decidedly
Cool Toward Bryao--If the Declaration
for 16 to 1 Is Not Made Openly

 

They Threaten to Bolt—They Seem to Think
Towne ts « Bigger Man Than Bryan Any-
way Details of the Effort to Get Together.
‘ Kansas City, July 3. —The big men of the

.

Democratic party had a long talk with the Sil-
ver Republicans and the Populist leaders this
morning to find out if there was not some way
'g which the three parties could be brought
into harmony in regard to the platform
and the Vice-Presidential candidate. The con-
) ferees, who met at the request of Senator
Jones of Arkansas at the Kansas City Club, did
not reach any agreement, and the only result of
their efforts was that it was decided to have the
Democratic and Silver Republican conventions
appoint conference committees when they meet
to-morrow to talk the whole matter over. If
’ this is done, Senator Pettigrew, the Populist
leader, and some of his advisers will be present
at the meeting toadd their wisdom to that of
the convention committees.

4 The Democratic party was represented at this
id morning’s conference by Chairman Jones of
' the Nationa) Committea, Richard Croker, Con-

| gressmen James D. Richardson of Ten-

nessee and Clayton of Alabama. The Sil-

ver Republicans had Senator Teller of Colo-
rado, Dubois of Idaho and Mr, Newlands of
Nebraska for assistants. Senator Pettigrew,
Heitfeld, Tillman of South Carolina and Con-
gressman Ridgely of Kansas were on hand for
the Populista, who have already nominated
Bryan and Towne as their Presidential ticket.
The Silver Republicans opened the ball by
asking Senator Jones and his friends what they
intended to do, Senator Teller, for the Silver
Republicans, sald that he thought that the
two conventions should confer through sub-
commitiees, and that inasmuch as all hands
wore working for the same ends, the Populist
National Committees should be represented by
a sub-committee at the conference. To this
proposition no definite answer was given, but
Mr. Towne’s friends were encouraged to belies
that it would receive favorable consideratio

later. Then the questions of the finan-
celal plank in the Democratic _ plat-
form and of Col. Bryan's running mate
weretaken up. Mr. Clayton urged that Mr

Towne would not be acceptable to the Deno-
crats of the South because of the fact that for
years he had beena Republican, Mr. Clayton's
{dea was that some man who had been a life-
long Democrat should be selected by the con-
vention and he thought that the Silver Repub-
| Heans and Populists should be willing to give
way on that point if the financial plank was
satisfactory tothem. Mr. Clayton's views were

f the same as those held by Mr. Croker
Senator Tillman mentioned that Towne was a
{ ood man who would add strength to the ticket.
Frere were no pledges made in the conference,
but the imrression among the aliies, as the Sil-
ver Republicans and Populists call themselves,
was that they would get 16 to | in the Demo-
cratic platform in bold type and that Mr,
Towne would be the man selected as the Vice-

ident candidate

| Little time, according to the reports of the
conference, was spent in the consideration of
the financial plank of the piatform. No-
' body in the meting seems to be at all
disposed to complain against a specific 16 to 1
declaration, When Senator Jones was asked
a ter the conference was over what the result
of it had been he said it was merely a
i friendly chat over the situation as it exists, and
that it had demonstrated the perfect harmony
and confidence which exist among all the men
who want to see Col. Bryan elected President
this fall. Mr. Jones seemed to be very much at
i} ease and appeared to have no fear of discon-
@ certed action on the part of the Silver Repub-

cans.

While the talk about the currency plank in

the platform has been going on and the strenu-

} ous efforts which have been made by Eastern

Democrats to have the Chicago platform re-

| affirmed in general terms without a direct re-
|

steration of the 16 to 1 plank have come
to light the Silver Republicans
been talking quietly among themselves
of not gong double with the Demo-
crats if the Democratic platform fs at all
foggy about the ratio. The Silver Republicans
under the lead of Mr. Teller bo ted the Repub-
not
} have their way about silver. TheSilver Repub-
} Heans rather like to bolt things and Mr. Teller
Wants to have the party with which heis now
|

have

lican Convention in 1-96 because they coul

allied take up as strong a po-ition now as it
did four years ago. His view of the ratio
question is given in an interview which he
had yesterday. He answered a question as to
whether the ratio of 16 ‘01 should be left out
of the Democratic platform for the sake of
conciliating the gold bolters from the party in
1896
“Subordinate silver,’’ he exclaimed. “Why
that move wou d be a confession that the party
was wrong four years ago and had been wrong
ever sine’. The party cannot give wa). Silver
is as important to-day as it was In 1896
The part’ must never let it go. If itdropss iver
iudrops alot of votes along with it. People who
believe in it, believe in the party. If the con-
vention simply reaffirms now it will be tanta-
mount to doing nothing. Sixty days ago a
mere reaffirmation of the Chicago platform
might have been properand micht have been
accepted by the people. Butsincethen the gold
men have been shouting for just this thing,
for a general reaffirmation of the platform of
1896 and they have made it appear that sucha
reaffirmation would be a great concession to
them, Asamatter of fact such a reaffirmation
with Col. Bryan. would not be in anv
1% pense a concession, but in principle it would
be, and the enemies of silver would make the
most of such an action. Besides this, the
minute the Democratic party makes any such
concession as this the friends of silver will
break away fromit. Therecan be no mistake
about that”
These words of Senator Teller were the basts
of a report that the organization of which he is
head would go independent if the Democrats

dedged the sacred ratio. As a matter
of fact, many of the delegates to the
Silver publican Convention are not much

in love with Col. Bryan. They were around to-
day saying that in any event the tall of their
ticket, “Towne, ' would be bigger in every way
than the head, They maintain that Mr Towns
is a larger, broader man than Col, Bryan, and it
{a noticeable that few of them = look
up. to the Nebraskan leader with the
feeling of veneration which they showed
two or three years ago. One man madea lon

talk at the National Silver Republican head-
quarters in the Warwick Club this atternoon, in
the course of which he declared that Col. Bryan
had made a great fortune out of politics and had
invested $40,000 of itinGovernment bonds, This
betterment of Col. Bryan's financial condition
was mentioned to show that he had some faults,
and it seemed to meet the views of nearly al
the delegates, Congressman Shaffroth of
Coloraco was at the Coates, working for a dis-
tinct 16 to} plank and the nomination of Mre

Towne. :

“Sixteen to one must be in the _plat-
,) form,” he said; “if it is not, then it will
‘¢ cost. the party several States. It is

part of the political creed. For four yeara
the Republicans have been telling peope
that you want to force a fiftv-cen dollar on
them and if you back down now you will con-
fess that the Republicans who have said this
areright. The Republicans will make it ap-
pear that vou have not been plaving fair if you
do this and they will spread the news that you
were wrong all the time and tha’ you have at
last been forced to confess

“The Democratic party must stick to the
ratio and putitin the platform. For the candj-

te for Vice-President you should nominate

owne. He is in my opinion the greatest
orator in the United States, I excep! no one
He is the one man in this country who can

make the people get Upon their feet and cheer
ho matter what his subject is."

Other silver men and Populists were about
all day long talking i) the same strain. Inthe
afternoon the Silver Republican National Com-
mittee met at the Warwick to make the final
arrangements for their convetion, which is to be
held in the Auditorium to-morrow. There the
results of the morning conference with Senator
Jones were apparent. The committee referred
to a sub-committee a draft of a resolution
which will be presented to the convention
providing for the appointment of a aub-com-
mittee of filteen delegates, authorized to bring
about’a conference with asub-comuinittee of the

mocratic Convention and a sub-committee

the Populist Natlonal Committee — These
BM inittees if they meet will nake an effort to
atch up a combination of all their parties
which will let all hands in,

The Silver Republicans are much inclined
now to insist ona specific declaration for 16 to
1 and the nonfination of Mr. Towne. Mr
Towne’s friends held a meeting this morning
in his headquarters in
and a committee of which Senator Pet-
tarew {is the chairman was appointed or
Quthorized to appoint a sub-committee
to visit every Stato delegation to the Dem-

atic platform and urge them to suppert

i owne. Senators Teller and Pettigrew were
Present at the meeting, and beth of them as-

* Mr. Towne’s other friends that none of
the men who have been put forward by the
East ‘or the office of Vice-President were ac-
ofthe « to the Bryanite and Populistic elements

the Coates Hose,

the country hese committees were busy
day long, and brought back reports most
‘believe firmly that ke ‘wil get the Domoore ts
/
. ill get the Democratic

 

= a

INTEREST IN THE MONTANA FIGHT.

 

Rash to Get on the Credentials Committee to
Mave a Share in Settling It,

Kansas Crry, July 3.--There was never a
National Convention held anywhere in this
country where there was so great a demand
for places on the Committee on Credentials as
the demand here, Ordinarily the Committee
on Credentials is not a job that is looked for
by delegates unless they have friends that are
personally interested in the contests that are
to be made. The remarkable thing about
this desire to get on the Committee on Cre-
dentials is that in this convention there are
just four contests, One of them is in the In-
dian Territory, another one is in Oklahoma
and another one in Washington, and nobody
except the people immediately interested
cares which way any of these go. s

The fourth contest is that between William
A. Clark of Montana and the Marcus Daly
delegates from that State, The town has been
flooded with stories that Clark would give a
million dollars to be seated in this convention
and to beat out the Daly men. The question
oft seating him, of course, will come up before
the Committee on Credentials, although the
sub-committee of the National Committees
has already reported in his favor, Reports
of sub-committees don't go always, and in
this case there are an astonishingly large num-~-
ber of delegates determined to see that justice

is done.

Ordinarily Montana does not cut any ice at
all at a National Convention. She has only six
delegates and their six votes more or less in a
thousand do not amount to much, But some-
how there is hardly a State in the Union that
has not got a number of delegates who are sim~
ply boiling over with interest in the Montana
contest, fe is more talked about than pros-

ctive candidates for the nomination per Vice-
President. There is more wire pulling being
done in individual delegations for a job on the
Committee on Credentials than has been done
to change the mind of the Hon, William Jennings
Bryan on the matter of the specific declaration
for 16to 1. When you ask a contestant for one
of the seats on the Committee on Credentials
what Interest he has got in the case he will
tell you with a straight and solemn face that the
condition of affairs in Montana is simply awful.
He will tell you that he doesn’t know who is
right, but he is certain that somebody is wrong
and as the thing is a disgrace and a scandal
the people of his State want to see it stralght-
ened out and he personally wants to have a hand
in it. If you suggest to him that the contest-
ants have more or less money he will screw up
his face and say: .

“Doesn't make any difference to me {f Clark
is wortha hundred million and Daly {s worth an-
other hundred; what | want to see {3 justice done
and that is the reason I want to get on that com-
mittee,”

Montana, for the time being, seems to be the
centre of attraction for everybody. Both the
Clark and the Daly crowds have innumerable
workers here and the Clark crowd has money
to burn. There is not a barroom in thecity,
and particularly not in any hotel, where men
wearing Montana badges are not on hand in-
viting people to drink and telling of the
situation of political affairs out there, | Clark
himself is in evidence, and last night he pa-
raded around the town with his brass band,
Some of the people at the Midland Hotel had
fun with him last night. They steered him
up against the smallpox disinfector of the
town, whom they introduced as a very influ-
ential politician, and then the disinfeetor w alked
him across the corridor of the hotel and in-
troduced him to a number of local men, Clark
supposed that they were delegates and he was
most profuse in his treatment I

“T tell you what it !s,” said one of the Clark
men to a reporter to-day, “If Clark wins out,
we are going to open up this town of Kansas
City as she was never opened up before, We
are going to paint her red, white and blue.
Money wont be any object. Weare just simply
going to raise hell and don’t you forget it,

This morning a band came around and sere-
naded the Midland Hotel Clark has his

eadquarters there. Among the selections
t plaved were “If you ain't got no money you
needn't come around” and “All we want is a
little hit off the top.”

CHICAGO PLATFORM DEMOCRATS.

 

They Are From Albany With a Letter From
John Boyd Thacher Accepting Bryan.

Kansas City, July 3.—The New York State
Chicago platform Democrats are represented
here by Thomas W. Cantwell, chairman of the
State Committee, and E. J. Duggan and
Jay Forest. The men come from Albany,
where they, for the time being, have
joined hands with Supreme Court Justice D
Cady Herrick, the former Democratic boss of
Albany county. The Albany Democrats were
equally ditided on the selection of national del-
gates, and Justice Herrick authorized Mr. Cant-
well tocome here and ask for the seating of
John H. Clute and Mr. Cantwell as the district
delegates from Albany to the National Conven-
tion. The committee to-day, however, vecided

to seat State Committeemen H. EF. MeCabe and
Mark Cohn. They represent Eugene D. Woods's
efforts to dethrone Justice Herrick as the Dem-
ocratic boss of Al any,and Mr. Woods was here to
see that his delegates got in. It has veen said
that the Woods organization was to have Wil
jiam H, Keeler named as the Democractic eleec-
tor for Albany county, but representatives o!
New York State Chicago plalforin Democrats
object to Mr. Keeler on the ground that he is
not a believer in William J. Bryan, They favor
the selection of John Boyd Thacher as the Al-
bany ele&or and intend to ask Col. Bryan to in-
tercede in¥heir behalf. Mr. Thacher was nomi-
nated by the Democrats of New York State
cor Governor in 1896, but a short time there-
after was compelled to withdraw as a candidate
because he would not openly subscribe to those
portions of the platforin which bad to do with
Col, Bryan's political tenets. Now Mr. Thacher
comes out in a letter urging Bryan's nomination
and Jay Forest eays that Mr. Thacher has
accepted the 16 to 1 {ssue. Mr. Thacher's letter,
which follows, is to be delivered personally to
Col. Bryan at Lincoin:
“ ALBANY, June 26, 1900.

“Hon. Jacob H. Clute, Albany, N. Y.

“My Dear Mr. CLuTe: In reply to your ques-
tion [ would aay that while I hive no political
ambition of any kind, | would consider it my
duty to accept a position on the Democratic
electoral ticket this fall ifthe party d:-sired it.

The people look to the Democratic party
to settle its dfferences now that it
may assume the responsibility of

the Government, Shades of opinions on polit-
ical questions, particularly as to methods, must
be expected, but all Democrats agree as to the
great vitialendsfor which the country hopes
and prays, Democrats are united on the time-
honored doctrine of the joint use of gold
and silver. They are in harmony on the
question of commercial freedom and the re-
moval of unnecessary tax burdens. They are
to a man opposed to the trusts, never so
offensive. in the double sense, of being
foul and aggressive, as to-day, when
they absolutely control the Republican party
buldy rejecting one candidate in New York an
selecting another in Delaware, The Demo-
crats agree on modifying the Constitution so
that both branches of the National Legislature
shall be chosen by the people. They are in
accord with the general proposition that wealth
should be made by constitutional provision
to bear its share of the public burdens, and that
what a writer has lately called ‘infamous
riches,’ should not be permitted to accumulate
in the hands of any men by legislative
encouragement, While the American people
will avoid no responsibility which
fortune or misfortune may bring them in their
intercourse with foreign nations, the Demo-
cratic party believes that the Western Iemi-
sphere affords a sufficient fleld of governmental
activity for the United States and Its citizens,
“IT cannot myself go to Kansas City, but I
look for the acceptable nomination of Mr.
Bryan and his successful candidacy on wise
and harmnoious lines. Yours,
JouN Boyp THACHER.”

CONFRONTED WITH PROSPERITY,

 

The Calamity-Howling National Convention
Mast Face Contentment on All Sides,

Kansas City, July 3. One thing that im-
presses itself upon every visitor here more
than anything else is the prosperity that exists
all through this part of the country. Kansas
City itself was never more prosperous. New
factories are going up all the time. There
are evidences of Improvement rer ners.
The people have money to spend and they are
spending it. In spite of the fact that tnis is
a convention of calamity howlers, everybody
says it’s going to be the biggest Democratic
convention that ever was, and they base that
belief on the fact that every body has got money
and can afford to come here and spend it

Despatches are printed every Gay in the
newspapers here from Kansas, from ° ebraska
and from States West and North as well as
East, telling of immense delegations that are
on their way to see the convention, — Kansas
alone is going to send 25,000 people Nebraska
is going to send the biggest crowd that she
ever sent to a convention. California, Texas,
Colorado, the Dakotas, Minnesota and Wis-
consin and States east of the Mississippi say
that there are thousands coming

While the Kansaa delegates who will be here
shouting for 16 to | and declaring that the coun-
try under the present rule is going to the dem-
nition bowwows, their own gorgeous quar-
ters and the conditions in their State will give
them the lie. But the [P@mocratic managers
in personal conversation say that they believe
that the people are tired of the monotony of

Prosperity and want a change and that work-
figmen and artisans have become wearied
with walking up every Saturday night and
getting their money. «+

At Winfleld, Kan., where the Winileld South-
western College is situated, the farmers are so

ressed for hands that the boys in the college

ave peen ee = vee are My
in young
loing the cooking. At Larned, Kan., the farm-

ere offer $2 a day and board for hands to work
in the field an y cannot get men to work
at that price. All over this part of the country
conditions are almost the same, everywhere
a demand for laborers. There is no unem-
ployed labor anywhere to be had. Every
man who will work has work.

The story is the same throughout the rural
districts in allthe States nearby. The last
four years have been years of nost uNnex=
ampled prosperity and everybody here at the
resent time admits that prospects for. the
minediate future could not be better than they
are. ( rope are good in the rural districts and
business is rushing in the towns and. cities,
In fact there is not any excuse for holding a
Democratic convention, so far as the con
cmon, of the people in the country is con-
oerned,

 

WAS GOING TO SCARE TAMMANY,

A Wild Indian Welcome With Pistots and
* Shouts That Went Wrong.

Kansas City, July 8.—The second Tammany

delegation and the Cook County

ing.
streets. Tammany fooled and disappointed

Kansas City. The job was all put up to give
Tammany a reception here that would have

made the hair of its delegates stand on end. The

plan was to gather together a sort of Wild West
show and when the Tammany train rolled in
the whole bunch of Wild West men and all the
cowboys and steer herders that could be rounded
up were to ride at breakneck speed down the
hill to the Union station, firing their revolvers
and whooping and howling. They were to
ride right up to the station still shooting. Big-
voiced men were to be on deck at the station
to yell: “Lie down, or you'll be hit. Lie down",
and other things calculated to disturb the
quietude of the Indians. The real cowboys
were to rush into the depot waving pistols,
rifles and bowie knives, swinging lassoes around
their heads and yelling:

“show them to us.”

Fortunately for the Tammany braves and
unfortunate for the Reception Committee,
Tammany's first train got in fifteen minutes
ahead of time and Tammany's later trains
came at an hour in the morning when such an
exhibition would have been raided by the po-
lice whether it waa local or not, As it was,
Tammany's late band did not do a thing to
the town, They woke everybody up from
the station over the many kopjes to the Mid-
land Hotel, ‘They woke everybody in the Mid-
land up and they were the best-cussed lot of
people that have landed to attend the convene
tion so Jar cl

The Cook County Marching Club
8 o'clock this morning, headed by “Bat
John Coughlin, “Hinky Dink” Kenna, “Mike”
MeDonald, “Jimmie” Quinn, Johnnie” Mackin
and a bunch of Chicago worthies that did the
Windy City proud. The scheme was to march
them up the kopjes and over the various hum-
mocks that abound in town until they were
ready to drop and then to put them in a hotel,
But as “Hinky Dink” said: “We were wise
guys and we got out on the other side of the
train and got away from them.”

“Bath House” Johnnie was the best dressed
man in the whole crowd. It will propel be
news to the New Yorkers to know that “Bath
House” John ta9a dude, Tt has been his proud
boast for the last three weeks that he owned
more waistcoats than any Brooklyn statesman.
‘Bath House” to-day wore a white pongee
silk coat, striped trousers, a striped shirt,
a blood-red necktie, a golf hat with a polka-
dot red and blue handkerchief band, a whit
silk waistcoat dotted with red fleur-de-lis an
he carried a silk American He wore
yellow shoes and as “Mike” MecDonald_ said,
"he was the warinest baby in the bunch.” “Mike”
himself used to be a faro bank king and in those
days “Mike"was known asa “high mucky muck”
at State and national conventions. But “Mike”
has been out of the business for some time
now and he has had to give up his jobof running
things. He marches with the rest of the
Cook county marchers

‘ot fn at
Houre”

 

HARRISON FOR DANFORTH.

Chicago's Mayor Tells Why the New Yorker
Would Ran Well With Bryan.

Cuicaao, July 3.—In a despatch from Kansas
City to an evening newspaper, Mayor Carter
Harrison suggests Eliott Danforth of New York
for the Viee-Presidency. He says:

“Lhave not been here long enough to learn
the general sentiment on the Vice-Presidency.
It seems to me, however, that a New York man
is the logical candidate, and there could be no
stronger nominee than Elliott Danforth of that
State

“Cook county leaders have discussed Mr
Danforth and are for him. Elliott Danforth
ran 10,000 ahead of his ticket the year Roose-
velt was elected and he came within 7,000 of
being elected Lieutenant-Governor He sup-
ported the Democratic platform and tleket in
1806 and his convictions are in line with pro-
gressive Democracy. He would be an orna-
ment iothe United States Senate as its pre-
siding officer, and is in every way admirably
fitted to be a Vice-Presidential candidate on the
same ticket with Wiliam Jennings Bryan.

“New York can be carried by the Democratic
party this year, even .gainst Roo evelt, with
one of iis favorite sons like Elliott Daniorth on
the national th ket As New York goes so goes
the nation is the old saying, and the carrying of
New York would mean the election of Bryan
withoita doubt, Democracy’s doctrines have
obtained « firm, foot: old in the East during the
last four years as of old, and with the enthusi-
asm created by nominating Danfort., to offset
that for Roosevelt, the Knickerbocker State
will fall into the Democratic coluinn

“Discussion of myself as a Vice-Presidential
candidate is entirely unauthorized. 1 appreci-
ate the compliment by those of my friends
who mention me for tiat great honor, but lam
not and will not be a candidate.”

Elliott Danforth, in a signed despatch to the
same paper, says:

“My name has been frequently mentioned
since I came to Kansas City in connection with
the nomination for Vice-President on the Na-
tional Democratic ticket. [have not been and
am not in any sense an avowed and active can-
didate for that high honor, but T have told a
numberof frends that if the nomination was
offered me in such @ way as to make
it impossible to doubt there was spontaneous,
earnest and a general wish that I would accept,
I would consent torun. [I am not even @ so-
called receptive candidate. Iam not expecting
the bonor. Tam simply ready to act acoord-
ing to the wishes of the party.’’

THE NEW NATIONAL COMMITTEE.

 

Most of the Members Selected--Senator Jones
Will Be Re-elected Chairman.

Kansas City, July 3.—All but a few of the
State delegations have selected their memnbers
of the new Democratic National Committee,
which is to have charge of Col. Bryan's second
campaign for the Presidency. The indications
are that Senator Jones will be reélected to
serve for another four years as chairman of the
committee.’ The National Committeemen so
far selected are as follows:

Alabama, Henry D. Clayton; Arkansas,

James P. Clarke; California, M. F. Tarpey;
Colorado (blank); Conneeticut, Homer 8, Cum-
mings, Delaware, RR. Kenny; Florida, George
P. Rauby; Georgia, Clark Howell; Idaho, BE. M.
Wolfe: “Hlinofs, Thomas Gahan; Indiana,
Thomas F Taggart; lowa,C. A_ Walsh; Kan-
sas, J.C. Johnson: Kentucky, Urey Woodson;
Louisiana (blank); Maine, Arthur Sewall; Mary-
jand, Arthur) Pue Gorman: Massachusetts,
George Fred Williams; Michigan, D. J. Campau;
Minnesota, T. D. O'Brien, Miasissippl, A. J.
Kussell, Missouri, W. J. Stone: Montana, J. M.
S$. Neal; Nebraska, James C. Dahlman;
Nevada (blank): New Hampshire, True L.
Norris; New Jersey, William B. Gourly; New
York, Norman FE, Mack; North Carolina
(blank); North Dakota (blank); Ohio, John R
McLean; Oregon (blank); Pennsylvania, J. M
Gaffy, Rhode Islant, George W. Greene; South
Carolina, Benjamin Tillman; South Dakota,
Morris ‘Taylor; Tennessee, James M_ Head;
Texas, R. M. Johnston; Utah, David C. Dunbar;
Virginia (blank); Vermont, John Senter; Wash-
ington, William D. Dunphy; West Virginia,Jolin
T. MeGraw; Wisconsin, Timothy FE. Ryan; Wy-
oming (blank); Alaska, L. L, Williams; Art-
zona, John BK Breathitt; Oklahoma. (blank);
Indian Territory, Thomas Markhum; New Mex-
109, 5. B. Ferguson; District of Columbia, James
L. Norris

SOME NEW YORK GERWANS TO BRYAN.
*‘Teave Out 16 to 1 and We're With You,"
Telegraphs H. Sulzer (Tam.).

Ata recent meeting of the United German
Societies in this city it was decided to support
William J. Bryan for the Presidency !f the
Democratic Convention omitted 16 to 1 from its
platform. Councilman Herman Sulzer, acting
under {nstructions, sent the following telegram
yesterday to Mr. Bryan, Mr. Croker, Congress-
man Suizer and Senator James K, Jones at
Kansas City:

"Directed by the United German Socteties to
say that if 16 to 1 is omitted the standard
bearer wil! receive the German vote and his
Vierinan Sulsee apid yesterday thas the (

erman Sulzer yeste y the Ger-
pane of the city had not decided what to do if

e Democratic platform declares for the free

 

coinage of silver at the ratio of 16 to 1,

Marching
Club, the backbone of the Hon, Carter H. Har-
rison, Mayor of Chicago, got in early this morn-
They were the weariest looking lot of
eitizens that ever were seen in Kansas City’s

 
  
 
 

   
 
 
 

 
 
 

 

 

INTERESTING SIDE LIGHTS ON THE
BIG DEMOCRATYC MEETING,

Care of the Police to Prevent Accidents from
Overloading Hotel Elevators—Seol Von Praag
Missing and the Reasons for It--The Great
Heat in Town and the Way It Affects the
Visitors—‘Bath Howse John's” Platform
Plank Against Samptuary Legisiation--Miss
Cousins Lays Bare England's Baseness
—The Cart- Wheel Stiver Dollars That Are
Leaded on the Visiting Delegates in Change.

Kansas City, July 3.—The police manage-
ment of the National Convention crowd starts
out finely, Kansas City policemen, like all
the Kansas (jy citizens, are evidently anxious
that everybody shall have a good time, They
look after the safety as well as the orderliness
of the crowds. At every hotel in the city po-
licemen are kept constantly stationed at the

elevator doors to make sure that there is no
crowding and that not too many passenger
travel by any elevator. The experience o
the Republicans with the elevators in the Phil-
adelphia hotels was a warning that the police
here were quick to take note of.

“Pa” Dunnell, the dean of the correspond-
ents in Washington has made up his mind that
there are some editors who don’t know what
humor is. The story leaked out through a
misdelivered telegram. Dunnell, in his ar-
ticle on the situation a night or two ago, re-
ferred to the mashed thumb of the Hon. Wil-
liam Sulzer, and said that Mr. Sulzer was
threatened with lockjaw. It was about one

hour after that when 4 telegram was deliv-
ered to a man named Dunn. ‘This telegram

said:

“If Sulzer is threatened with lockjaw we
ought to have a thousand words special.”

he man named Dunn said the telegram

was not for him and it was delivered to Peter
Dooley Dunne, who read it and said it wes pep
for him, and then somebody had the idea that
t might be a good thing to look at the addrees.

he address was “Pa” Dunnell’s name, The
telegrain then found its way to him and when
Mr. Dunnell saw it he said:

“Well, I'll be hanged; I'l_never try to be
funny again.”

There is a candidate here for the office of
Ambassador to the Court of St. James in case
of the election of Bryan. His name is John
A. Creighton. He comes from Omaha. He

is a Count in the Catholic Church and a sub-
stantial citizen. He owns the Creighton Or-
paeun Theatre in Omaha and he is the silver-
est silver man that ever leaped from kopje to
kopje in Kansas City. Creighton was a heavy
contributor to the Bryan campaign fund four
years ago, and expecta to be this time.

Talk about imperialism, one delegation to
this Democratic Convention {s headed by a
prince of royal blood. His name is David

Kawananakoa. He heads the delegation from
Hawaii. Other delegates from awail are
W. H. Cornwell, John H, Wise, Col. John D.
Holt, Charles L. Wilder and W. 8. Withers.

The only man missing from the Cook County
Marching Club whose fame has spread all over
the United States was the Hon Sol, Von Praag,
who “touched” Richard Croker for fifty the last
time that Sol visited New York, Explaining
it to-day, one of the club said:

“Yes, it ia too bad about Sol. You see Sol's
touching the Big Indian got him in bad repute.
But he got over that and then he was appointed
steward of the Cook County Democracy. Sol
owns a Saloon down on the levee. One night a
“come on” comes in there and somebody turns
him off for $4,000 in a panel game. Well, of
course, 80] lost his job, the Mayor got sore on
him, you know, and they put bim out of the
club. Sol says to me

“'T don't care so much about being put out,

but it don't seem to me that it {s up to you fel-
lows to throw me out of a club like this. The
Vice-President ruts a sporting house, another
one of the officers is a boodle Alderman and the
whole bunch of you are crooks, and while I
never did claim to bea me lot on respectability
myself, ] am as good as the average.

“Yeas, itis too bad about Sol The boys would
have liked to have had him here with them,
but, of course, Carter was sore on him. He

The Cook county marchers had the most
orgeous badge that has been seen here.
t was two feet long, made of purple velvet
covered with gold letters, with large quantities
of gold at the top ana more large quantities of
cold at the bottom. It weighed in the neigh-
borhood of seven pounds. The marchers
were appropriately dressed, too. They wore

-will wet back all right after a while.”

|

hutch silk hats that weighed anywhere from a |

pound to two pounds, heavy black clothes
including frock coats, and they were prepared
for a blizzard, The result of this attire can be
imagined. The only man who has been seen
here with a silk hat on outeide of the Cook
county marchers is the Hon, James N. Nolan
of Rochester, N. ¥, who has stuck to his
beaver through it all.

An enterprising merchant having a stock
of white ducks or other thin summer goods
made into clothes would have reaped a fortune
in this town this week. It is blistering hot
The men who came early have shed the clothes
they brought with them and have bought up
the stock of thin goods on hand. The men
who came late have shed all of their clothing
that they can shed, and they are wandering
around town now, drinking gallons upon gal-
lons of anything that is wet and praying for
something thinner to put on ansas City
people do not mind the weather 60 much; they
are used to it. They even get offended when
rou suggest that there is anything unusually
hat about the weather. It is reported that
to-daY a young man ambitious to make money
purchased a stock of palmn-leaf fans and stood
on the corner of Wyandotte street and Twelfth
offering them for sale. A policeman saw him
and accused him of casting reflections on the
town. The policeman got him in a corner
and said

"Look-a-here, young feller. I spose you:
are a stranger or you would not be doing this,
now if you want to be doing business here
you go and get a stack of ear-muffs, but don't
be selling palm-leaf fans on the street, not while
we know it.”

 

*Bathhouse” John Coughlin has a plank
which he insists must go in the Democratic
platform. It is against sumptuary legislation.
Sumptuary legislation, according to “Bath-
house,” “Hinky-Dink” and their friends, is legis-
lation tending to ouppresa and interfere with
gambling houses, all-night saloons and other
laces that are publicly approved in Chicago.
Bathhouse” says that that one plank, if he
can wet it in the platform, will carry Chicago
for Bryan. He says the people don’t care much
about silver, they don’t care much about im-
perialism, or any other things of minor import-
ance, but when it comes to sumptuary lewisla-
tion they are hot against it. He ls going to
have the Illinois member of the Committee
on Resolutions make a fight for the plank be-
fore the Committee on Resolutions.

“Finley Peter Dooley Dunne” of Chicago and
the Hon. Augustus Van Wyck attended a dinner
last night given to distinguished citizens like
themselves. Peter Finley Dooley Dunne told
a story. It was about four Irishmen, These

four Irishmen, Mr. Dunne declared, were the
most pugnactous men that ever lived when
they were sober, and they never ceased to tight
one another. As Mr. Dunne proceeded with the
story it carne out that the four Irishmen when
they were drunk were the very best of friends,
and at this point the Hon. Augustus Van Wyck
remarked that what the Democratic party
seemed to need at the present time was to get
full and stay full.

The real purpose of the cyclone sifters that
are a feature of the barroomns here developed
to-day. THe SuN has told something about
the sifters themselves. They are holes in the
floor, covered with ornamental open iron work,
They look like immense hot air registers, Out
of them come great drafts of air. Everybody
who goes into a barroom walks across a sifter
to get his drink. The blasts of air blow bis
coat up almost to his shoulders, and the watchful
eye of the house detective discovers inimediately
what sort of weapons he carries in hiv hip pocket
and can be prepared accordingly At least
this is what the reporter was told to-day

The cyclone sifters provide considerable
amusement as Well as serving the useful purpose
deseribed, To-day _the Hon. Jim Ham Lewis
stood over one, The blast was strong. It
lifted the Hon. Jim Ham's pink whiskers up over
his face; {t lifted (he hair on the back of his head
and the Hon. Jim Ham looked for all the world
like a sunflower with pink petals. The Hon.
Jim Ham's whiskers together with the whiskers
of William A. Clark, the millionaire delegate
from Montana, attracted particular attention
to-day from all the New Yorkers, They declared
that in only one other place on earth could such
whiskers be seen and that was in Albany, The
whiskers there, they said, were possessed by the
Deputy State Treasurer of New York, Rernard
Davis. Whiskers of this style are spoken of
here as chimpanzee whiskers by some and as
pviain pampas grass by others.

Mies Phoebe Cousins has been busy writing a
book. which is to appear to-day or to-morrows

 

| ing room

  
 

Moisture cannot
cannot penetrate,

and which is said to be a scorcher on English ag-
@ressions. It is entitled “Is America Again the
Vassal of Old England.” An objectionable
newspaper illustration on last Decoration Pay

started this burst of eloquence, the pen-draw-
ing representing Columbia on her knees to
our hero dead, while on the summit of the mon-
ument stood the British Lion in all his inso-

 

lence, That picture riled Miss Cousins and
she started in to make it hot for England. She |
says that “ “shows up England in every
flimsy subterfuge of friendship and lays bare
her policy of self-centred monopoly and
destruction of — freedom." Miss Cousins
says that her hatred of England came

to her naturally. That her people were French
Huguenots three generations back. She says
that she is going to attend the convention and
sit on the platform with the other notables,
and in all probability is going to make two
speeches at least

The Kansas (ity Star printed the following
story on Counsellor Nolan to-day:

“The famous Counsellor Nolan of Tammany
appeared in the Midland corridor about 10
o'clock this morning. He towered high above
the throng. On his four feet of exposed shirt
bosom were a golden anchor, a harp, a Maltese
cross, @ diamond sunburst and a circle of sap-

hires. The counsellor’s shirt bosom was like
he white side of a United States ship-of-war,
Otherwise his vast and voluminous form was
clothed in funereal black. Tapping a police-
man on the shoulder he said:

“ "My breakfast, sir; my breakfast.’

“The policeman was dazzled and overoome.
Re thought he was in the gigantio and glit-
tering presence of the father of all the ‘Tam-
mgnritee :

“*T am a new man, Mr. Croker,’ he faltered.

“iv breakfast, sir; my breakfast,’ repeated
the enormous counsellor, frowning

' sir,’ stammered the policeman, ‘I
dare say, sir

At this point an attaché of the hotel got |
Counsellor Nolan started for the Midland din- |

ms,

“*Which train did you come on?’ asked a
solicitous person

**&h,’ replied the great man, ‘I cama.’

“*T mean on which of the Tammany trains?’

“*) came,’ replied the counsellor severely,
‘I am here. 1 came, sir thank you all,
he added asthe elevator hesitated, fluttered
like a bird, and with the negro boy's eves sticks
ing out, ascended, tottering under the weight
and majesty of Counsellor Nolan.’

A thing that the vi‘'tors to this town from
the Fast can't get used to is the silver cart
wheels that they wet in change. If you tene
der a ten-dollar note and your purchase is
less than a dollar you get nine cart wheels,
If it is a twenty-dollar note you get nineteen
cart wheels. Paper money is at a premium
and the Easterners who come here with bie
notes get around town with bulging pockets
loaded down with silver tosuch an extent that |

there is danger of their becoming gold monopo-
lists. The Midland Hotel provided a little
relief last night when Manager Stockholin,
the proprietor, imported from the East 1,000
new one-dollar notes, The report got around
that he had them and that he had got them
or the benefit of his Eastern guests. It took
ess than two hours to dispose of the whole
lot and, it may be said here, that nearly all
of the one-dollar notes are in the hands of
Kansas Cityians to-day and the Easterners
are again acoumulating cart wheels that weigh
them down.

Souvenirs and badges are to be had on every
corner, The newest one is a silver hammer.

! On the end of the hammer head is the word

 

“Bryan,” and onone side of the handle are
the words, “Get Out Your Hammer.” On

No Other Soap an
in the World

HAS EVER BEEN MADE

 

 

Without Combining Fats, Grease or
Oil, With an Alkali,

 

NOTHING CAN PREVENT

 

These Ingredients from Clogging the
Pores, or Drying and Roughing
the Skin,

1YOME

~SOAP—" |
Made from the Fresh Green Leaves of |
|

the Tasmanian Blue Gum Tree,

Contains none of the fats, grease, oil, and
alkali which form the base of all other
soaps from the cheapest laundry to the
finest toilet. Instead it has all the well-
known healing, purifying and refreshing
qualities of the Tasmanian Blue Gum Tree,
AS a toilet soap it is simply perfect in every
respect; skin diseases cannot exist where it |
is used, j

Sold by ail Druggista or sent by mail.
Price, 25¢e. Sample Cake, Sc.

THE R, T. BOOTH COMPANY, Ithaca, W. Y.

enter the ‘‘In-er-seal Patent Pack-
age.”’ Get it when or where you will,

its contents will be dry, clean, crisp and
fresh. The ‘‘In-er-seal Patent Package”
helped to make Uneeda Biscuit. famous.
It proved so popular that it is now being

used for Soda Biscuit, Milk Biscuit, Butter
Crackers, Saltines, Banquet Wafers, Sultana Fruit,

Sea Foam, Graham Biscuit, Oatmeal Biscuit, Ginger

Snaps, Handmade Pretzelei.es and Vanilla Wafers
baked by the National BiscuitCompany. You will find it
at all grocers and will recognize it by the seal on the end.

NATIONAL BISCUIT COMPANY.

 

,to him and I Says:

 

affect, ‘odor
dust cannot

    

  

   

    

the other end of the hammer head is the word
“Sulzer,” and on the other side of the handle
are the words “Now Knock Him.”

One of the new badges that is becoming
popular is a red, white and blue ribbon from
which hangs a metal disc bearing an nite

e
States of Wisconsin, Illinois, Indiana, Michigan
Kentucky, Oregon, West Virginia, Mary and

tion enamelled map of the United States

and New York are black and over the map

is an inscription, “The political storm centre
'
\
|
|
i

for 1900,”

“Say,” said Bim, the button man, “I don’t
have anything but trouble. When I was
over there in Philadelphia loaded up with
McKinley and Roosevelt buttons and Hanna
was making his fight against Roosevelt, I went

‘Here, Mark, who's goin
to be nominated?’ He sez, sez he, to me, ‘
don't know, Bim,’ and I sez to him: ‘Well, say,
oing to be a big
iverand Bim is

if it ain't Roosevelt, there is
dent down in the Delaware
going to be in it.’ Now you have heard what
these New Yorkers have done. They have
gone to work and named Keller and I want
to tell you right now that if Keller's the man
there is
Bim will
Lord, and not a button,” groane

going to be a dent in the Missouri and
be in that and he will sta * Keller!
m.

A new place has been created for this National
It ts that of medical officer for
the convention. The holder of the job is to
be Dr. J. C. Burton, the Democratic oandi-
date for Congress in the Sixth Kansas district,
four years o. He has a commission with
more gold ribbons, letters and ribbons and seals
on it than the official credentials of a Grand
Lodge man of a secret order,

Convention,

It is presumed that Mayor David 8. Rose of
Milwaukee hasn't read the recent develop-
ments in local politics in New York eity, The
Mayor met the Hon. James J. Coogan in the
Baltimore to-day and was introduced to him.

‘Mr. Coogan,” said Mayor Rose, “I'm mighty

lad to meet you.

.

We think a good deal of

ammany out in our town. In Milwaukee ;
We are getting up a Tammany Society right on
the lines of your organization and j tell you

what, it ls beginning to cut some ice,”

Lee RB. Hart of Seattle has “got {t in” for
the Hon. Jim Ham Tewis and is gofng to try
to keep him from attending the convention.
Hart came here with the proxy of W. H. White,

the National Committeeman from the State
ot Washington, end the firat thing that he did
was to head forthe fellow with the tickets
to the convention and he eabbaged the entire
Washington delegation allotment He de-
clared this afternoon

I've got the tickets and I will give them
to whom I please.”

The trouble between Hart and Jim Ham
arose at a convention in the State of Washing-
ton where Jim Ham won out and compelled
the adoption of the free silver plank. The
Hart and White people were thrown out and
now Hart is going to get hunk if he ean. Jim
Ham heard of what had happened = to-day
but he has not made up his mind what he is
going to do about it,

The coolest place in this convention town,
and everybody is finding it out, is the Kansas
City Club that occuples a fine four-and-a-half-
story brick building at the corner of Wyan-
dotte and Twelfth streets, one of the prettiest
parts of this city, which is pretty only in spots.
The club has been thrown open to everybody,
with a broad sign of “Welcome” over th.o door
All the furniture except the tables and*chairs
have been removed and the polished floors
covered with canvas. The spacious billiard
parrot has been converted into a temporary |

arroom with a temporary counter runing
lengthwise from one end to the other,
American drink that was ever heard of and
nmiany that were never heard of before are told
over the polished bar by good-looking typical
citizens of the West, who look very much like
delegates except that the latter e@ got
able to flash diamond pins. Here the Na-
tional committee has its headquarters and |
rooms have been devoted on the upper floors |
to its use and for the meeting place of the var- |
ious State committees. The windows on one

|
|
|
|

svery

pee of the club face south, so that they get the
venefit of the prevailing breezes

One corner below the club at Twelfth street and
Baltimore avenue, perched on a green terrace, is
“The Down-Town Church.” It has been having
a streak of bad luck lately tn the falling off of
patronage and a new minister of broad views
has been imported to put life into the religious
denomination that has its home here. Across
the Twelfth «treet side of the oh urch ia stretched
a canvas with large, red and blue letters. The
red letters say this: “This Down-Town Church
makes Kansas City a safe place for yaung

men tolivein. Dr. Northrup invites strangers
to services 10:30 and 8:00."

Island Baptists we read for the first time since
Christianity ascended to the throne of the
Caesars this declaration That conscience
should be free and men should not be punished
for worshipping God in the way they were
persuaded he requires? —Ivupar Story.”

At this point on the church wall where the
banner ends a man was. sitting this morning
ringing a large dinner bell and calling attention
to another banner on the other aide of the church
which bore the simple word: “Dinner.”

When asked why he rang Ye bell
he said that dinner was being served in the
church for the crowd at 25 cents a dinner for
the pur vwose of raising money to help the cause
of the Rhode Island Baptists along As there
were no crowds this morning and no demand
for the dinner the bellringer looked despondent,
but he kept ringing just the same

This is a good town in which to study the
characteristics of the genuine type of free
American citizens. Nobody is anybody's
bootlick out in this free country, and one man
is as good as another. Everybody ts good
natured and willing to subscribe to the doc-
trine of “Live and let live.” This afternoon,
as the cars came clanging up the hill at Ninth
street and Grand, the man whose duty it is to
shift the tracks was comfortably seated on
a revolving plush covered piano stool, where
he could turn to the right or ,the left without

inconvenience, and to make himself the more
comfortable he had an umbrella, a stationary |

umbrella, his head of i
which looked very much ke ‘Seer in his |

This is printed in blue
"In the code of laws established by Rhode
'

 
 

| matter one will do you good. Acure ma:

  

 

 
   
   
     
    
 
 

 
 
  

 
   
     

    
    

 

hand. When he was shifting tracks he was
julling at the can and appeared to be just
appy as if he was a delegate-at-large with
a freat ot badge y Bs oso,

n another street car line in the ol
latforms were protected by little pee? you
ail the car, {t stops in front of you; the motor-

man, also comfortably seated on a plush cush-
fon, turns a crank at his leisure and the gates
swing open; you get aboard, he turns the crank
back and you are locked In. The only i
dents they ever have on this line neoesearlly
are head-on collisions,

They have got some mighty poor spellers
among the painters of this town. On the main
street is a sign; “Sandwitches for sail.” The
man who built the Montana Headquarters

banner painted it with two nn’s, so that i

read “Montanna.” When Martin nnis 9
it he said: “That reminds me of a story. A
Missourian came to Montana and finding -
self in difficulties consulted one of our promi-
nent lawyers, ‘Can you read writin’? he asked.
‘No,’ the lawver said, ‘I can’t even readread Fi

and I don’t think the artists out here can print
paintin’,” said Mr. Maginnis.

One of the numerous fights in which the Con-
necticut Democrats have become involved has
brought to the front in the broil of politics a
Nutmeg dominie. His name is the Rev. John
F. Tucker and he is the shepherd of a small

New London. Bryan F.Mahanis the delegate-at

——

flock of Unitarians at the old whaling town iy Niwas

large from the Third “New London” distric

but he would not be but for the Rev. Mr. Tucker. |

At the election Mayor Beckwith was violently
opposed to Mr. Mahan and he planned to pack
the nominating caucus with anti-Mahan dele-
gates. The door of the hall was to be kept

locked and the anti-Malan men, vio were to
pier early, were to rush in and fill the seats,

he police under the Mayor's instructions were
to keep the Mahan men out of the hall. This
plan would have worked smoothly but forsthe
act that Mahan “got onto it.” supporters
secured an entrance to the hall through a rear
door and when the front doors were thrown
openand the lights turned on the anti-Mahanites
found the seats already filled with Mahan's
supporters who were sitting quietly in the dark.
Two sets of delegates were elected and they
appeared before the seated convention. Here
the Unitarian pastor came to the front. To
the surprise of all he appeared before the Cre
dentials Committee and. nade the principal
plea for Mahan, He handled Mayor Bock th
without gloves, using language more frequently
heard in the forum than the pulpit. the re-
sult was a victory for Mahan. Now the Rev,
Mr. Tucher comes to the National Democratio
Convention as Mahan's alternate. In personal
appearance he resembles Webster at 35. He
is tall and spare, has big brown eyes and large
features and wears a 7% hat.

“ol. Ee M. Graves of Hartford is a delegate-at-
large and an original free silver man. He is
noted for his resemblance to e@x-President
Cleveland. He meets the question every where

“So President Cleveland has gone over to free
silver has he?”

_Graves i# an old-time newspaper man who has
gone into business life. He is a theatrical man-
ager now.

Some of the Democratic editors here sent a
telegram to Mr. Bryan to-day in the hope that he
might be induced even at this late date to change

his mind about the specific declaration for six-
teen to one inthe platform, The telegram was
as follows

“W.J. BRYAN, LINCOLM, NEB.--It {s clear to us
that a simple reaffirmation of the Chicago plat-
form with additionay planks on trusts and {m-
erialism should be adopted, The convention
sin the hands of your friends, Their advice is
important. Such a platform concedes nothlag
and insures victory.

“ALBERT J ne. Pittabur an

“CHARLES W. KNAPP, St. Louis Re ublicam,

“CLARK HOWELL, Atlanta Conatitution.

 

REAL INDIANS IN KANSAS CIPY.

Some Are Delegates to the Convention—Tam-
many Men Look Them Over,

Kansas City, May 8.—-In order that th”
Tammany Indians should feel quite at hom
to-day Indiana from a nearby reservatio
were brought to town by the Kansas City folks
and were displayed to the Tammany men at
the Midland Hotel, There was an interpreter

present and some of the Tammanyites talked
withthe real thing. After that a lot of the
went looking for more real Indians and foun
them in the headquarters of the Indian Terrt-
tory delegation. Chief Buffington, a Cherokee

who stands 6 feet 7 inches tall and
welghs 205 pounds, waa the bo of
the lot Davis Hill, another member of

the delegation, is a full-blood. Another mem-
ber of the delegation is not an Indian, but he
should be His name is Bud Nedbetter and he
{s a United States deputy marshal {

Indian Territory. It is a public record that

| Bud had shot and killed twenty-three men in
the pursuance of his duty.

 

Dr. Lyon's

PERFECT

Tooth Powder

Used by people of refinement ,
for over a quarter of a century

 

Wanted ~a case of bad health that R-1-P-A-N-S will
not benefit. One gives relief. No matter what's the
{

directions are followed, [hey banish in, indice
sleep, prolong life, Sold at all drug stores, teq for
five cents. sure to get the genuine, Don

fooled by substitutes, Ten samples anda man

ieee i eareciinees ee

—

ae RT SETAE AIT ait

 

_—