eee

-=

 
  

ee

Sie

-

Di eee

ee

ee

aE

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 
     
  
    
    
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 
  
 
    
  
   
  
    
  
 
  
   
  
   
 
 
 
   
    
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
    
   
   
  
   
 
   
  
         
    
       
    

7 |

i

i

|

|

rh |

i \

!

i

1

rq

i

|
;
| os
;
{ |

~—”

 
 
  
 

}
I
|
\
;

i!

“

~ wig new hotel on his arrival last night.

|

   

 

ou expanded i
iders are proud of Major-Gen. Wood,
only because we remember how » led us in
the first ight (for no man of us bad any notion
of what it was to be 'p a fight before), but we
found {t out because he has been so wonder-
fully able and upright in his administration
in Pubs, because we fee! that our regimen
has taken the |

and has furnished that kin
of men who must be seen {n the tropical anne,
because we are going to make them pleasan
{slands and give them government that !s a

blessing
“Look here, you folks, back there, who fougbe
* did you have easy work? oO
ant
figh

not

OKLAHOMA ENTHUSIASTS KEEP HIM
BUSY DURING HIS BRIEF VISIT.

Ball, Parade and Presentation of a Sword at
th® Fair Grounds—Roagh Riders’ Reanion
a Big Success-The Governor Will Mike
Some Short Stops oa His Retarn Trip.

OxtAnoma City, O.'T., July 8.—Gov, Roosevelt
Jeft here at 10.40 o'clock to-night on a special
train for his homeward trip. He goes over
the Santa Fé as far as Hutchinson and then
switches to the Rock Island system. Brief
stops will be made along the way until Chicago
is reached. At St. Joseph to-morrow evening
the Governor wil! stay for some hours, In the
course of which he will address an audience
of Missourians

It was a roaring welcome that Oklahoma
City gave the Governor of New York. The
city has not slept for two or three nights. Cer-
tainly it did not last night. From the moment
Roosevelt's train drew in at 11:30 o'clock on
Monday night until it pulled out to-night, the
skies Kaye been rent with shouts of “Teddy,”
the cracking of torpedoes, the blast of bands
and the shrill “ki-ye-yi" of the Rough Rider
yell.

Oklahoma City's population of 15,000 has
been just about doubled for the days of the
Rough Riders’ reunion, The @reat majority
of the visitors are, of course, from the sur-
rounding country. They came in buckboards,
prairie schooners, express wagons and farm
trucks, and brought their families with them.
They wanted to see the celebration, of course,
and the city and its sights, but mainly they
wanted to see “Teddy.” It would seem that
Roosevelt {s the patron saint of Oklahoma.

Every shop in the city displayed a pieture of

from ‘61 to 6 work’
ou recollect the marches (cries of “Yes")
the nights when the blankets were too
(ories of “Yesu”), You remember when men
threw away their blankets in the daytime
and had difficulty in keeping wart at night.
We have been there. They were the hardest
years you ever spent, but of all the things
fn your life you are proudest of those four

yon will hand down as a heri-
As it is with the indi-
You of Ok-

yeurs; years that
tage to your children
viduala, so it is with the nation
lahoma formed this State because you came
here pot seaking a life of ease, but out of labor
to rest in oplendor and in triumph. So it must
be with the nations of the earth

“We are a nation fit to play ita part among
the peoples, a nation that does not want to take
the place of China at present. China has not
expanded, there ia no
ing. Itis not thatkind of a country
to the great people of the West, on the men who

ave fought together, to their sons, who came
orward and offered all they had to the nation.
l care nothing for their party. All will see to It
that the nation does not shrink from its \york
that the flag that so often has been borne to
honor shall be upheld for evermore as the flaw
of the eatest and mightiest nation, that
shrinks fom no duty when duty calls,

“Tam glad to be In one of the four Territo-
ries where our regiment was raised. I am glad
to have the chance of speakin
are now upbuilding this mighty
wealth, to fell you here in the West, in the
presence of you men who fought in the great
war and in behalf of the younger generation
of the East and of the West, the North and the
South, that we will not be false to the standard
that you set. That we shall strive to do our
duty abroad, and besides dofng our duty
abroad shall do our duty at home, where

xpand-

anger of China 7
appeal

ou who
ommon-

to

the Rough Rider Governor in its window. Ban- | duty first begins No nation pe peatees, bon

ed “ Teddy." “Roosevelt forever,” | areat it ls can exist unless it practises what |
ners labelled “Our Tedd ] : 4 : ie of preaches, We must have etvie honesty. No
Ac., were stretched across the streets, ? nation can permanently prosper unless the

decalogue and the Golden Rule are its guide
in publie and private life.

“A public man's deeds must square with his
words, his performances must make good his
promises or he has no right to appeal to you for
support, When we have learned that lesson
then and not until then will we put this nation
where this nation must stand and shall be put
when this shall be among the nations the great-
est the sun Has ever looked upon.”

After his speech Gov. Roosevelt rode to the
toh Riders’ camp, where he took luncheon
with the offloera, The oeal authorities had
announeed that he would vttend the afternoon
exhibiten at the fair grounds and the Gov-
ernor cheerfully journeved there again. There
was a tremendous crowd present,
fron §,000 to 10,000 persons, and the Governor
received another ovation. The sport was an
exhibition of roping and fying wild steers.
One of the local cow punchets broke the Okla-
homa record by soping. throwing aud tying
a steer in forty-five second:
only time that the Oklahomaites almost forgot
dvosevelt, Fillian Mulhall, a pretty. girl of
15, came out and showed that she knew as
much about the business as the expert cowboy.

The only marring feature of the day's cele-
bration was an accident that is likely to result
fatally to Clifton George, secretary of the City
Club and of the Rough Riders’ Reunion Assocla-
tion. His horse canght a foot tn the railway
track and fell, throwing Mr, George over his
head. Mr. George's collar bone was broken
and his skull crushed

Mrs. Allen K. Capron, widow of theofficer who
fell at Las Guastinas, was one of th ose seatedon
the stand to-day. When the Governor saw her
he strode quickly over, grasped her by the
hand and bowed low. The Governor was
markedly affected apd Mrs. Capran’s eyes were
filled with tears. Just at that moment the
color bearer, standin on
and unconacious of the incident, unfurled the

egimental fi as the band struck up “The
star Bpanglod Banner " The flag floated over

the houses were decorated and many of them
displayed in the windows pictures of Roosevelt

The townspeople and their visitors met the
Governor at the station with torchlights and
bands, whirled him to a hotel and then stood him
in a window and howled at him. They burried
him across to a ballroom where all the beauty
of Oklahoma gathered to do him honor, They
kept him there until 2 o'clo¢k in the morning
while the throngs gathered outside and yelled
gome more. They rode him horseback through
the principal streets as soon As he had breakfast
this morning with Indians and soldiers and cow-
boysin their best trappings as aneascort, They
eurrounded him, some thousands strong, in the
fair grounds and welcomed him again in set
gpeeches from the Governor of the/Territory and
the Mayor of the city. Then they applauded his
reply so vigorously that few heard what he sald.
After that they presented a sword to him, sanw
to him and had the band play the historie atr,
“There'll be a hot time.” They let him take
Juncheon with his brother offlcers of the Rough
Riders, but kept a strict watch outside. Then
they took him over to the fair grounds again
and wave him an exhibitlon of how a pretty
prairie girl can cateh and throw a steer. They
banquetted him when night came and then
speeded him upon his way with a din that re

echoed far over the corn fields.
he Rough Kiders’ reunon was @ great suc-
nag, both from the point of view of the Rough
iders, who wanted to see one another, and of
Oklahoma City in general, wen wanted a bi
celebration. About two hundred of the Rough
Riders assembled for the reunion. The officers
present were Lieut.-Col, Brodie, Major Llew-

perhaps

which was the

in front of Mra. Ca

Mrs. Capron and she buried her face in its folda,

ellyn, Capts. McClintock, Muller and Frantz a

and Lieuts, Johnson, Greenway, Gioodrich and | Wiping pr var are Gov. Barnes were at

Devereaux. They fought the battles of Gussie lenaeheaae to y through ‘ adorei.
as and San Juan over again in great shane, ing abou aun e horses. There weae not

notable feature of the celebration was the
presence of a large number of Confederate
Veterans, about tw. thousand coming to town
and taking part in! > events, There was also
present a squadron «| the Eighth Cavalry, sev-
eral companies of the Twentieth Kansas and
large delegations from the First Colorado and
the First ‘Tennessee.

Gov. Roosevelt was taken immediately to the

ling dress f ie dove.
changed his travelling dress for evening clothes,
ngorder to attend the ball given {n honor of the
ough Riders. The first thing he did was to
receive his old comrades in armas, after which he
wus prevailed upon to step to the window of
the hotel reception room, in answer to. the
clamor of the waiting crowd, which blocked the
btreets.

Soon afterward the Governor drove over to
the hall where the ball was in progress, e6s-
corted by what seemed to be the entire popula-
tion of the city. The ball was a very pretty af-
fair, and the scene suggeated immediately to
the Governor a theme for his favorite toplo of
expansion. “It is only eleven years elnce the
first part of the great tract of land which is
now Oklahoma City was opened to the settle-
ment of white men,” be said “Only a few
years ago this whole country was a wilderness;
yet n° are now in @ populous town attending
a ball.”

The Oklahoma folks had nothing to. be
ashamed of in this, what might be called their
first State ball. There were lots of pretty girls
and handsome women, go0e music and severity
of decorum, Mostof the men wore uniforms
and most of the women were in evening dress,
As many strangers remarked, it was hard to
realize that only a few years ago the spot might
have been the scene of an Lodian war dance.
Gov. Roosevelt led the frend march, with the
wife of Lee Van Winkle, Oklahoma City’s Mayor,

He stayed at the scene of festivities until
after 2 o'clock, when he was driven to his car,
still surrounded by the cheering crowd, The
Governor passed the rest of the night in the car,
He arose early and devoted himself to a bunch
of telegrams. Among them were messages
from J. J. Williams, Mayor of Memphis, Tenn.,
the Merchants’ Exchange, The Cotton Ex-
change and the Business Men's Club, urging
him to go toMemphis. Mayor Williams's mes-
sage read: “Giive the South one day as you have
given the nation.” The Governor was obliged
to answer that his arrangements would not
permit him to visit Memphis Just now, A mes-
sage of similar tenor was received from Por
Gibson, Miss., signed by the Mayor and Boar
of Aldermen,

The feature of the day’s celebration, the par-
a‘le, was under way at 10 o'clock. About 3,500
men were in line, the ofeer being: Confeder-
ate sHoouah | elghty of the United States Cay-

nough mounts to go around and some of the
iders, including Lorimer Worden and
Arthur F. Cosby of New York, had to go afoot
in the parade. Gov. Roosevelt and his staff
rode army horses borrowed by Gov. Barnes.
Pe afternoon when Gov. Roosevelt and his
staff rode out of the fair grounds they were

held up outside of the grounds by a o of oe
V. Barnes s stall steppe

Lieut. Goodrich, said:
“Gov. Barnes's compliments. I
your horse and saddle.” 5

Gov. Barnes had sent out his aide to get
Gov. Roosevelt

ous

diers. A member of (
forward and addresai:
must have

another horse for his staff.
turning to the aide said:

‘My compliments to Gov. Barnes and say to
him that if he wishes Lieut, Goodrich’s horse
he may have all our horses.”

The alde rode off and the Governor and his
staff were allowed to pass on.

Capt. MeClintock of Gov. Roosevelt's staff,
angered by what he thought an Insult from
the Governor of Oklahoma, hurried off to Gov
Barnes and demanded an apology. Coy,
Barnes wae nonplussed. After communications
had passed back and forth between the
two Governors for an hour or more the mistake
was satisfactorily explained.

 

ADMIRAL PHILIP BURIED.

 

Funeral Services With Naval Honors Con-
ducted at Annapolis.

ANNAPOLIS, Md., July 8.—The funeral of Ad-
miral John W. Philip, U. 8. N., took place this
afternoon from the Naval Academy chapel.
The Rev. Wilton Merle Smith of the Central
Presbyterian Church of New York city, con-
ducted the services.

The funeral procession was composed of the
Naval Academy band, the marine guard carry-
ing the national colors draped, the ministers,
the active pallbearers, a sailor with the Ad-
miral's flag furled and draped, a squad of

sailors, the honorafy pallbearers,

the fourth
of naval ca ets, the
lemy,

one officers and professors
of the Naval Aca Secretary Long and
Conmander we ner ht. As the procession
moved the Naval Academy band began a dirge
and the gune of the shore battery sounded at
intervals. At the grave the marine guard fired
three volleys as the last sgiute. Mrs. Philip,
widow of the Admiral, and her son, Barrett
Philip; Mrs. Wheelock, Admiral Philip's sister,
and other relatives were present.

——

Admiral Philip's Life Insurance,

alry, Kough Riders, Oklahoma National Guard, | Rear Admiral Philip's life was insured in the

Territory Volunteers, Twentieth Kansas, First |.
Colorado, First Tennessee, Mounted Indians Equitable Society for $20,000. He had been a
to the number of 1,600 added Jocal color. Gov, | Policy holder for ten years,

 

 

Roosevelt appeared on horseback at the head
of the Rough Riders, He wore his slouch hat,
a black cutaway coat and dark riding trousers,
The crowd wanted to see him tn his old Rough
Rider's untform, but they recognized him far off
and kept an incessant shouting The par-
ade disbanded at the fair grounds and the Gov-
ernor Was escorted to a speaker's stand, erected
in front of the grandstand, which had been
jammed full long before with waiting speo-
tators. There was some delay and the Gov-
ernor of New York reminded the Governor of
Oklahoma that time was precious. Gov, Barnes
nediately stepped to the front and read a
mes pearess of welcome in the course of which

Bicycle Brigade of Strike Pickets,

The strickers formerly employed by the Fm-
ploying Architectural Iron Workers’ Associa-
tion have organized a bicycle brigade of pick-
ets to watch the shops of the employers and the
buildings on which they have contracts. The
strike began in fhe shop of A. Haspel, Ninety-
third street and First avenue, where demands
were made which the employers considered in-
tolerable. As similar demands were to be
made of all employers, the association decided
to shut down for a week or two during the
resent. The
the lock-out into a
icket

slackness of trade which existe at
employees then turned
strike. Th

umber will e back and forward between
the shops and the buildings to see that no non-
union men are employed.

“Your name ts snacriped high upon the es-
outcheon of fame as the chief executive of the

Teatest State in the Union and we know and
ove you as a statesman who dares to practice
as well as preach adherence tn all things to the
er of the Ten Commandments and the Golden

ule, and, sir, we fondly hope and believe that
the bright star of your destiny may in the years
to come shine out upon your name written still
higher on the tablet of our country’s greatness
and glory.”

Mayor VanWinkle welcomed the Governor in
behalf of Oklahoma City and then the Governor
arose, It was some tine before he could speak
on account of the cheerin fle sald:

“Mr. President, my fellow citizens, men and
women of Oklahoma. I was never in your
country until last night, but I feel at home here.
[Applause.) I hope to come down here often,

bicycle -about twenty in

 

Rival Unions of Musicians,

The Musicians’ Mutual Benefit Association of
the Greater New York, the faction of the Musloal
Mutual Protective Union which favors alliance
with trades unions, received a charter from the
American Federation of Musicians yesterday

and has applied for representation in the Cen-
tral Federated Union. The old Central Labor
Union, which was the predecessor of the ©. F.U

matntaineda paper boycott against the Mu sical

ard the next time T come T hope to see yon | Mutual Protective Union for about eight years
a State. [Applause] You have free homes | which some of the unions in the C. Fo U. wish
now, but you want a State and Ido not have | to have continued. The Manhattan Musioal

Union, which is already inthe ©. F. U., will op-
pose the application of the new body of mu-
sicians for representationon the ground that
one union in a trade is enough.

to say to you that Lam with you and ready and
willing to aid you in what you desire can
say that I appreciate the way in which the pro-
cession was formed this morning with the blue
and the gray, the men who fought in the Union
thirty-five years ago, each side proving the
valor of the other so that) your sons can be
equally proud of the courage of the men who

Union That Loans Money to Members,
The Amalgamated Street Metal Workers’

yor Pe pone ae of Bose who, wore the gray, | Union announced yesterday that it has set
ounte ne me

foremost of all nations of the ne corms toe aside part of Ita income to form a fund from
the younger generations are to uphold it, Our | Which small loans can be made to such of its

members as may be hard up. So far $400 has

war was a trifle compared with yours, as I have Dean this inane

said before. Ours was nota great war, because
it did not have to be, but we were all ready to |
make it just as big ff necessary |
“[ want to thank t city and the Territory, |
Whose guests we a fir the magnificent hos
pitality extended t d then te how
@lad I am we have with us the men of the Twen- |
tleth Kansas, who are ever ready to do g|

 

Mire at Rockaway Beach,
Holland's station, at Division avenue and the
Boulevard, Rockaway Beach, last night.
fire started in the barnof the meat store of
Jennings & Co,, and three horses were burned
todeath. The Mames spread to the buildings
owned by C. Wright and C. Diuze and these
were also burned to the ground. During the
fire, Mrs. Maud Jennings was carried out of her
home and taken tothe residence cf Dr. H.
Tingley, where she gave birth to a child. The
loss caused Dy the fire was $12,000.

ting of our common country. T am glad
to see to-day representatives of the Ninth
and Tenth Cavalry beside whom we marched
victory on the blood-staine of
oO years ago last Sunday
“Men of Oklahoma, it is eleven years since |

morn be
t

you came to Oklahoma, is it yor Why are
rou here? Because you expanded into Okla-
oma. ([Applause.| You know this is not
polltios, itis a statement of fact [Applanae.|
Aimdneg the men of my reginient who are here

to-day are men partly or in whole members Kadly Hart by an Under-Trolley Car,
of the Pawnee. Cherokee and Creek Nation a of
of Indians. One of the men of that blood I lawrence Cohen, 17 years old, of 47 Lenox
noted for gallantry from, a Lieutenaney | ®Veoue was run over by a trolley car last night
Bes Coptelncy. He was shot at the top of | while orcodiag adison avenue at 118th street,
ettie Hill, but he would not go back to the | He is in the Harlem Hospital, suffering from se-
States, and before his wound was healed he | rious injuries to his head and right thigh, The
was with the men of his command because | motorman was arrested. ws

   

Tha |

  

Three buildings were deStroyed by fire at |

  

over him. We of the Rough | SUPT. FRYE STRUCK CAPT.

THE SUN, WEDNESDAY, JUL
T MARINE.

  

. i T » 7
werare./QUR MERCHAN
Trouble on the Transport Sedgwick on Which —

Cuban Teachers Travelled. |THE ADDITIONS DURING THE YEAR

Boston, July 3.—Additional details of the MAY EXCEED 437,846 TONS.
trouble between Supt. Frye of the public schools
of Cuba and Capt. J. W. McHara, Quartermaster
commanding the United States transport |
Sedgwi 7 *o~ 7 that
at keeling ag Beg ee is alt ex ween (ng Power, the Largest in Oar History.
fast time that he did not get am opportunity | WasHING?TON, July 3.—The Bureau of Navi-
to take @ cup of coffee, At the officers’ table | #ation says that during the fiscal year ended
later there were several vacant chairs and Mr, | June 80, 1900, the total tonnage of shipping
Frye remarked that he would like a cup of | OMeially numbered amounted to 417,084 @ross
coffee. | tons. Full returns from Honolulu will not be

“Very sorry, sir,” said Capt. McHarg, brusk- | recetved for a fortnight, but about 88,000 tons
ly, “but the teachers have had their break- | Of Hawaiian vessels were entitled to American
fast and we have made no provision for you documents under the act of Congress creating
at this table.” the Territory of Hawali, Porto Rican vessels

Mr. Frye had to go until night without any- were also by act of Congress entitled to American
thing to eat. Two days later, the transport documenta, but they aggregate leg than 1,000

as lying off Sagua. The teachers were | tons, Complete ficures will probably show that
Brought aboard on a tug and most of them | the actual additions to the American merchant
have ceatate assigned. ee eee elaete fleet during the year have surpassed the 437,846
and after a long wait Mr. Frye asked Capt. | 6048 tons documented during the fiscal year
seotiare be oo. jen } aasign the walling twenty — when the law required all canalboats tn
teachers to their berths. ne. | domestic trade to be documented, In that
ot Gok tee ge | cone ee | event the additions to our merchant fleet dur-
yourself.” This Mr, Frye started to do when | ing the fiscal year will have been greater than
the Quartermaster came after him angrily | during any year since 1886, The figures will
ao te te them alone. I'll attend to this | be Slightly reduced by the fact that the issue
when I'm ready.” | of official numbers and of marine documents are

“I'll do it now, Capt. Meflarg.” Mr. ore hot simultaneous.
responded. Thefe gry ho pices, top thent | Tho vostls built tn the United Staton and
are seasick and they must have berths at once.” | OMcially numbered during the year aggregate

“Not another one of them will be assigned | $81,863 gross tons. This record was surpassed
“<— ee ae eo het in 1874, when 452,725 gross tons were built in
the matter alans. Mr, Frye started to go below | the United States and documented. Of the
to continue the work, and then Capt. McHare | new vessels built during the year 483, of 213,052

ross tons, aresteam vessels; 575, of 02,625 gross
tons, are sail vessels, including barges with sail

said: ”
“If you go below, I'll grab you by the throat.
power: and 76,186 tons are barges and a few
canalboats for Canadian trade without power

"Yon are a coward, Capt. MeHarg and you
of self propulsion, The large proportion of

don't dare to touch me,” said Mr. Frye.
Thereupon Capt. McHarg Jumped at the
steam vessels, 56 per cent, of the total, makes
this year's addition to the fleet {n value and in

superintendent and grabbed him by the throat,
crushing his cojlar. Mr, Frye then_ struck
him one blow below the ear and the Quarter-
master staggered back and down re ate
. appe nt then

Mr Rive stepped forward after him, bu 1 | carrying power superior to the additions

t : A 1874 or of any other year in our history,

The most Important additions of the year have

been the large steel vessels built for the trade of

the Great Lakes. They Include the James d.

Hill, of 6,025 gross tons, the largest merchant

them.
Capt. McHarg is a volunteer appointed from
vessel built in the United States during 1000,
nine other lake steamships and two steel schoon-

New York.

er barges, each of over 5,000 gross tons, and tive
lake ssteamships of over 4,000 gross tons, On
the seaboard the largest vessel built is the
steamship California, 5,879 gross tons, launched
at San Francisco, which will be the pioneer
yesse] in opening regular steam communica-
tion between Hawaii and the Atlantic porta of
the United States. No other vessel of 5,000
gross tons or over seaboard has ever been
numbered during the year, but six steamships
of over 4,000 tons each for the Atlantic coust-
ing trade havebeoen built.

The only vessel built during the year execlu-
sively for foreign trade has been the steamshi
Maracaibo of 1,771 gross tona, for the Red D
Linetn the Venezuelan mail trade. The sister

 

 

 

 

The Proportion of Steel Vessels Is 56 Per
Cent. of the Total, Making This Year's
Addition to the Fleet, Im Valae and Carry-

 

 

BURGLARS ROB A RREWERY.

They Bind Two Employees and Come Near
Blowing Up the Building.

Lawrence, Mass., July 8.—The Cold Spring
Brewery was entered by six masked men early
this morning and the engineer, Max Espig,
was murderously assaulted and with the watch-
man, Joseph Praetz, was bound and thrown

into a freight car. Then the safes were blown
open and about $460 in money and other prop-
erty stolen,

The engineer was shoveling coal when two
of the burglars Jumped on him from behind
and beat him into Insensibility with the butts
of revolvers, Praetz was making his rounds
when he was held up at the muzzle of two re-
volvers. Both prisoners were then bound with

red ie ee eae le the = srearrabips, oan com anne p te of
" y > 3,0 eross ons, an iw orto co
made for the offfce. After a time Esplg re | 3057 gross tons, giving the island the best

gained consciousness, and hearing the steam
rising in the boilers eried_ out to the guard:

“For God's sake, shut off that steam or that
ammonia tank will explode.”

At hie direction the burglar shut off the ateam
and prevented the plawing up ef the building.
Meantime the other burglars blew open the
safes with dynamite. ney took the engi-
neer and fireman and locked them in a freight
car, bound hand and foot, with the idea of hav-
{na them carried off in the next train that was
made up. Fortunately the two employees
were able to free themselves,

means of steam communication with the United
States it ever had, are the first maritime re-
sults of the annexation of Porto Rico, The
steel ship Edward Sewall, 3.906 gross tons,
and the steel bark Kaiulani, 1,670 gross tons
for the Hawaiian trade, are the square-rigge
yessels built. but eleven schooners, oooh of
over 1,000 gross tons were constructed for the
Atlantic coast trade,

Additions frorn sources other than construc-
tion during the year have been repaired wrecks,
9.843 tons; Ilawalian vessels numbered at San
Francisco since June 14, 8,681 tons; vessels sold
to citizens by the Government, 7.326 tons; ad-
mitted by special acta of Congress, 5,764 tons;
American veasels returned trom foreign flags,
8,607 tons,

Fullreturns will probably show that the total
documented tonnage of the United States on
June $0, 1000, for the first thme since 1866, has
again reached 5,000,000 gross tons, The ton-
nage registered for foreign trade, however,
will probably be slightly below 848,000 gross
tons, the figures for June 30, 1890. The increase
of the Alaskan trade, carried on mainly by
registered vessels, has checked somewhat
during the year the steady decline in American
tonnage registered for foreign trade,

Of the 1.058 steam and sailing vessels of
$06,677 gross tons built and numbered durin
the year, 98 of 185.434 tons were steel, 957 0
119,385 tons were wood, and three of 888) tons
fron. The proportion of steel construction
{s thus much the greatest in our history. This
result is attributable also to the Great Lakes
construction, where of atotal of 99,776 gros tons,
95,015 tons, 25 verses were steel steam vessels,
The numbered construction on the Atlantio sea-
board comprised 715 vessels of 160,676 tons
of which 76,344 tons were wood, Numbered
construction on the Pacifle Coast comprised
$7,356 gross tons, and on the Missiseippl, Ohio
and Western rivers 181 vessels of 7,939 tons,

For purposes of comparison, vessels under
construction in Great Britain on March 81,
the latest fleures available, were f54 of 1,200,+
422 grossa tons, of which 115 were ocean steel

 

MUST SUPPRESS PARK ROWDIES,

Chief Devery Sends Out a Stringent Order in
Regard to the Sammer Concerts,

The Park Department on Monday announced
the discontinuance of evening concerts in
Mount Morris Park owing to the failure of the
police to suppress rowdies who spoiled the
pleasure of persons listening to the music.
Promptly following the announcement yester-
day came a general order from Chief Devery
to his captains to suppress rowdyism at the
concerta.

“Tcannot urge upon you too strongly your
duty in suppressing this particular clasa of
eriminals,"’ the order says, “and I shall expect
to sea reports of their arrest instead of com-
feman © the commission of these offences by
them.”

If a commanding officer is short of men for
park duty the Chief offers to supply @ special
detail ‘ron headquarters.

 

WHMEELMAN TRIES SUICIDE.

Drank Nitric Acid and Then Threw Himself
Into a Creek,

Frederick Weber, 21 years old, who said he

. steamships of 4,000 gross tons or over, one
ived at 316 Eckford street, Greenpoint, at- | peing of over 10,000 tons gross, During the
tempted to commit sutcide in Long Island | three months ended March 81, Great Britain

launched 129 steamships of 264.298 gross tone,
On that date British vessels under construec-
tion were 125,000 tons less than for the corre-
sponding date in 1890,

City yesterday afternoon, He was riding
a wheel on the bicycle path along Thomson
avenue in the direction of the Queens County
Court House. Dutch Kills Creek crosses Thome
son avenue and when Weber reached the bridge
he dismounted and placed his wheel against
the railing. A short distance behind him
were other wheelmen and two young women
mounted on bicycles. They saw Weber drink

from a small bottle, and before any one of
the three could reach him he had dropped
the bottle and cast himself into the
creek. ‘The water is not deep and the other
wheelmen seized Weber by the heels and pulled

 

HIS START IN LIFE,

Keep Plugging Away Is the Advice of a Man
Who Is New a Millionaire.}

“The point is,” sald a man who {s worth a
million or more, “that no matter how black
things may look, a man wants to keep plugging
away; he doesn't want to lie down. No matter
how little he may get for his work that little

him agnor, Tee perced nan on =e pene pnd, {s better than nothing, and one thing leads to
ounting their wheels again, rode . John's ithe "Ou f

Hospital Dr. Manning responded with the | Other. If you are around among people,

ambulance and took Weber, who was then | Where things are happening, why, you are

unconscious, to the hospital. After work-
ing over him some time he regained conscious-
ness long enough to tell who he was.

At the address he gave nothing was known
of Weber. On his bicycle was the label of
the Greenpoint Signal Company, in Green-
point avenue. At that place it was stated

|
| just aa likely to be struck by lightning as any-
Neber hired the bicycle at noon on Monday

body else As a matter of fact I got my own
real start in life out of the poorest job I ever
had, aa far as pay was concerned, which I had
taken rather than sit still and do nothing.
“Things had turned about so that I was out

with the understanding that he wag to return | of work. I was a Youngster then of 20 I

atnightiall. He paid $1 for the use of the wheel. | walke , me ¢
AtSt Jobn's Hospital {¢ was atatad that Weber walked the town, and went into offices, and
had swallowed a quantity of nitric acid and | stopped where I saw work golng on in the

street, and asked for something to do, and 1
answered the advertisements in the news
papers; and finally the best thing I could do,
apparently, was to take this Job without any
actual pay, the inducement being board, with
a prospect of advancement. The Job was
barking for a steamboat at a seaside sumnre!
resort, and the prospect of advancement was
to the place of deckhand on the boat. Not
avery profitable job, but I took it. I had made
it a point all my life to keep a-doing, and I
thought I better do this than nothing.

“And it wasn't a bad job, by any means,
as far as simple comfort went, 1 got enough to
eat gnd good food, and it was he chy, gupdoor
, work, and easy. iad good lungs and It was
Threw Herself From Fourth-Story Window. =| 4 oinoh to ine to stand on the wharf and shout

Mrs, Evaleena McNamara, 30 years old, of 132 , the name of the boat, and tell about the round

Pe : ) «he made, and its attractions; but it was clear
Ninth street, Brooklyn, committed suicide last | SUC Ut : PvtOry
night by Jumping from a fourth-story window, | ' me,from the start l wasn't going to get pro-

d moted to deckhand, The deckhands were
ane Bae ioe ick and despondent for the past all Nualee young fellows ohn liked their work.

and theyall stuck right at it through the season
and I stayed on the wharf; and aa far as 1 cou)
see, right up to the last day, all T was going to
get out of it was my board, plus the benefit
of my general health of these months spent in
the open air; and then on the last day that the
boat ran thia little thing happen that set
me up in life

“It was in September, a windy, blustery
sort of day, not much of a day to f° sailing
in, and pretty much all the folks had gone
from our place, anyway, and so there were not
many people to go, and they didn't shove
the gangplank out with just the elaborate care
they = commonly displayed they Just ran

that his condition was serious,

 

A SUICIDE AT 18,

 

Lesise Xiques Succeeds at Last in Ending
Her Life -Saicidal Manta,

Louise Xiques, the fifteen-year-old daughter
of Ramon Xiques of Grant City, Staten Island,
died yesterday at the home of ler parents from
a dose of Paria green taken the day before with
suicidal intent. Within the last six months the

irl had made twoattempts to take her life

ppereatty she was afflicted with suicidal
mania,

 

OBITUARY,

 

Charles Wesley Dickinson, the inventor |
of the Dickinson geometrical banknote engrav- |
ing lathe, died on Monday night at the home
of his son-in-law, A. H. Osborne, in Belleville,
N. J, in his seventy-ighth year. He was
born at Springfield, N. J., in 1823, and was a
son of the Rey. Philemon Dickinson, a Metho- |
dist minister. Young Dickinson was appren- L }

‘ ' , nado up or * stringplece ecause
ticed to Seth Boyden to learn the machinist s ean aie wee Hh oe é, eg Re nee nna
trade and showed remarkable inventive talent prope that were going, and that was enough

Lauter he became a watchcase maker, He worked | But with that wind there was a little bit of a
| sea on there, the boat rolled a little, and pulled
that end of the gangplank off the stringpiece,
and dropped into the water a little girl about
§ or 10 years old that. was going aboard
with her father and mother Just for one last

 

on his banknote engraving lathe until it was
perfected, In 1862 the first of his machines |
was used on banknotes and Mr, Dickinson
went to Washington to run one for the Govern-

ment, He stayed there for a year and a half | gai) around before they went away.
and since that time | always resided in Belle- | *“ Woll, now, 1 ‘umped ate the water and
ville, where he had his workshop. In this | held the little girl up fill somebody could reach

bullding, 50 feet long and 25 feet wide, were
turned out machines for banknote engraving
for this country and many forelan Govern-

Really it
ood swimmer,
it wasn tany-

down from the wharf and get her
wasn't anything to do; } WAS a
and a strong healthy chan, anc

| ments, A son of Mr. Dickinson is now at Lis- | thing more for me to pick up that little girl
| bon, Portugal, setting up @ machine for the | than it would have been to piek un abundle
Government there in the street; but do you know the child's par-
Edward {. Keating of 55 Montgomery place, | ents looked at it. differently? They did, for
Brookivn, died suddenly on Monday at his | a fact; they thought it was a fine thing for me
gummer home at Lake Luzerne, N.Y., for which | to do, and of course the old man wants me to

|

}

|

 

come and see him when | come back to the
elty, which, of course, Ido. And, for a fact,
the rest was like what you read in story books
and in stories in the newspapers. He was a
good man, for sure; and you can bet your bot-
tom dollar that I did the very best I knew how
for hirn; and that was the way I got started
“Now, there waa what you call a chance,
an opportunity; but [ never would have got
that chance if I hadn't been around where
something was doing, would I? That's the
point, vou want to keep a plugging away at
something, Don't go off in the woods and
lie down where
but keep in the wun!”

 

on Saturday He was born
in Brookiyn in 1858, and graduated from st.
Peter's Academy. In 1885 he started in the
yipe and steamfitting business at 466 Water |

'

|

he started only \
}

{

street and made a large fortune. He was “|
|

member of the Montauk, Columbia and Brook-
lyn clubs, and of the Engineers’ Club of Man-
hattan, and a former President of the Emerald
Club of Brooklyn. He was also a member of
the Roman Catholic Orphan Asylum Society
and of the St. Patrick Society,
Hlattie Le Sage Duryea, wife of Louis T.
Durrea, the noted pigeon shoet, and fornerly
a member of the Duryea Stareh Company of
Glen Cove and of the Vosbur@h Manufactur- |
ing Company, died yesterday morning at her |
home, 189 ‘ospect place, Hirookdy 1, in her |
goth year, She was a daughter of Hattie C. |
and the late Carlton Le Sage. She was a mem-
ber of St. Luke's P, E. Church, |

 

Remember This—

Whea it, cdvertner has  somethiy of real
value to dispose of, he first goes HE ‘iun's
with {t—<de,

advertising columns

’ 4, 1900.

        

there wont anybody see you, |

   
   
  
  
 
   
   
 
   
    
    
    
  
  
  
   
    
   
   
   
  
 
   
  
   
   
 
   
   
   
    
  
   
     
    
     
   
   
    
  
  
  
    
  
    
  
   
 
   
  
    
 
   
     
  
 
    
  
  
   
   
     
     
     
 
  
   
  
   
    
   
  
  
   
   
  
    
    
  
   
   
  
   
   
  
   
     
  
   
   
    
     

AIRSHIP’S SUCCESSFUL TRIP.

Europe's Interest Aroused by Count Zeppe-
lin’s Experiments.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN

Loxpow, July 3.—Count Zeppelin'’s exper-
imenta! trip with bis airship yesterday from
Friedrichshaven to Immestadt, Germany, &
distance of thirty-five miles, is attract-
ing the attention of Europe, but it ts
dificult to ascertain how far the success of the
alrehip was demonstrated, The reporta re-
ceived here are not precise and are not from
experts. Count Zeppelin is sald to have been
fully eatisfled, but he is represented as not
intending to make another trial for two
months,

It is eaid that the steering apparatus worked
perfectly until the end of the trial, when one of
the wires of the steering gear broke or became
entangled, compelling the navigators to de-
scend, It is said that in descending the air-
ship was successfully guided to an anchored
pontoon, on which it alighted and was towed
back to Friedrichshaven.

According to one report, while the ship was in
the air ata height of 1,600 feet, Count Zeppelin
headed !t against the wind, and caused {t to per-
form various evolutions, once describing a
huge eight, which astonished the spectators be-
low, The force of the wind was then twenty
feet asecond, Ata height of 1,260 feet the air-
ship covered five miles and a quarter in 17
minutes,

One correspondent at Constance quotes an
anonymous ecientist of European reputation as
saying that the trial"was eminently successful
and clearly demonstrated the poasibility of
guiding balloons. ‘The airship is admittedly
imperfect, but it proves beyond doubt that
Count Zeppelin possesses the key of the mys-
tery and @newera of aerial locomotion has
begun,

German military aeronauts who watched the
experiment officially are also credited with
being satisfied, but none has published his
views,

 

We vaelsiae

mee |
, OHNSON’S
DIGESTIVE

7-3) ae

/

watch the fish, and several photograghs were
taken, one showing the fish high in air. One
angler, in attempting to cast, bad a fish rise
and seive the bait as it was whirled throug
the air. Others had their bait tossed out
the water by the finny acrobats, All the incl»
dents of this extraordinary run would fill @
volume. In one day twenty-one tunas were
brought in and shipped to San Francisco, where
they ure in demand, the flesh being good.

The largest fish of the season so far was taken
by Mr. FB. Gray Griswold of the Union iu
New York, and had he not broken bis rod e
would have been so far the leading candidate
for the Presideney of the club for, 1900, as, ace
cording to the rules, the man who takes the
Jarwest tuna of the season becomes President
for the ensuing year, The first President of
the club was a New Yorker, who landed a 189
ound tuna, The next was Col, C, P. More-
house of Newport, R. L., witha 261-pounder,
roel is ati the record fish. Who y! 1 be the
*resident this year is an open question.

As this {s written it is announced that Gen.
A. W. Barrett, Attorney-General of California,
a member of the Tuna Club, has landed a 164+
pend fish, and leads: while Baron Von Stethen,
who came all the way from Germany, stands
second with a 150-pound tuna,

   

CATCHING THE TUNA,

 

Remarkable Runs—Attorney-General of Call-
fornia Leads With a 164-Pouander.

AVALON, Cal. June 26.~-In southern Call-
fornta what {s known asthe leaping tuna season
dominates everything, the fish being to Cali-
fornia what the tarpon 1s to Florida or Texas,
The tuna is an oceanie fish, consequently never
geen nearer the mainland than the islands
twenty miles or more off shore, and all the fish
are caught not only on one side of Santa Cata-
lina Island, but in a restricted area of about
five miles off the north shore, or from Avalon
Bay to Long Point, about four mile# as the crow
flies, That fishing which has attracted the
attention of the world’s anglers and brings
them from every State and from abroad every
year should be confined to such a limited area
is one of the singular facts relating to this
exciting sport.

The tunas, which range from seventy-five
pounds upward, come with the flying fish,
appearing in May and remaining until August,
biting best in June. The chief characteristic
of the fish is its enormous strength andstaying
power, This can be best illustrated by the
statement that a 08-pound = fish has been
known to tow a heavy boat and two men four
or five hours. A fish of unknown size towed an-

 

 

BARRED BECAUSE OF HIS RELIGION,

Mr. Fuorst Says Proprietor of the Clifton House
Refased to Give Him a Room,

Patcnoavr, N. ¥., July 8.—-Michael Furst,
ex-Asaistant Corporation Counsel of Brooklyn,
President of the Associated Cycling Clubs of
Long Island, and ex-President of the Brooklyn
Bicyele Club, says he was turned out of the
Clifton House here this eventing because he is
a Jew. Mr. Furst always spends his Fourth
in Patchogue and this evening he arrived just
before dinner with a party of friends from
Southampton. He had forwarded his bag-
gage to the Clifton and on his arrival at the
hotel stepped up to the clerk's desk and reg-
istered aa did his friends. Then he inquired
for his baggage and asked to be assigned to
his room, The clerk told bim his baggage had
not arrived. Just then, he says, W. M. Jen-

kins, the proprietor of the hotel stepped up
and informed him that as he waa a Jew he could
not remain as a guest of the house. Mr. Furst
gays he protested against such treatment and
then left the house with hig friends. He went
to the Ocean Avenue Hotel, where he had no
trouble in getting a room. When seen to-
night Mr. Furst sald:

Yes, | have been actually turned out of the
Clifton House because [ am a Jew. And for
the credit of the American hotel keepers I must
say that it is the first time in my life that such
an indignity been offered to me. Pat-
chogue has always been one of my favorite
summer stopping places and my custom fo
years has been to spend the Fourth here. i

 

SUFFERING OF THE PIMAS.

 

Relief Voted by Congress Not Believeds te
Be Fnough for This Peacefal Tribe.

Puantx, Ariz., June 26—From the time,
many hundred years ago, when a strange people
came up from the South and taught the Pima
Indians of southern Arizona to till the sofl,
those Indians have prospered. Their records
and traditions tell of a time when the tribe
existed by hunting and fishing. Then the new
people, presumably the Aztecs or the cliff dwell-
ers, came, and until the present year the Pimas
were the most prosperous Indian tribe in Amer-
fea. They raised large crops of wheat, barley
and maize, and it is known that alfalfa, now
the standard crop of Arizona, was first raised
here and used by them, the seed, in some man-
ner, having been brought up from Chili, They

ave stopped at all the village hotels and have | Mere thread, When it is Known that about | irrigated their lands, learning that. trick also
always heen received without question as a| forty members have successfully played fishes | from the Aztecs. They made vast flelda of
gest. I may say that I have stopped at most | ranging up to 250 pounds with this thread, the | arid deserts, ayoided alllances with hostile

tribes, and lived peaceably and prosperously.

Then the white man came and the trouble of
the Pinas began. From the first coming of the
settler the bloodthirsty Apache stood in his
path, killing whenever the opportunity offered
and giving no mercy to the intruder. The
whites were weak and practically defenceless,
and their condition appealed to the hearts of
the Pimas. The latter went to the aid of the
settler, offered the protection of his home and
arms, and for many years fought the Apache
in defence of the white. There was never @
change in the friendship of the Pimas, and
their boast always has been, “We do not know
the color of a white man’s blood.” The soldiers
finally came and began on the Apaches the re~
lentless war which ney ended in the erush-
ing of the most savage of all the Indian tribes.
Here the Pimas were again of benefit to the
settlers. Their villages were ever places of
refuge for victims of the Apaches, and their
; scouts followed the reneaades and led the
troopers to the final submission of the followers
ot Geronimo and the ultimate capture of that
notable chief

Now the Pima is paying dearly for his friend-
ship to the whites. The settler has diverted,
for irrigation of lands which he acquired by
aid of the Pimas, the flow of the Salt River
and the Pima gets no more water for use on
his flelds of grain, As a resnit he will have
scarcely one-fifth of a crop of grain and two-=
| thirds of his cattle have died from lack of water \
and food. Two thousand Pimas on the Taca
ton reservation are sufferiug from famine,
and unless substantially aided soon will die
in large numbers,

A visit to the reservation and a careful {n-
vestigation of the needa of the Indians show
them in a much worse condition than is known
generally Many families, huddled away ip
their tepees, are dependent entirely upon a
few of their neighbors, some of whom have
saved small quantities of provisions and are
sharing them with the poverty stricken, a
many cases the pndiane have resorted to the
use of mesquite beans and are subsistin -
tirely on a paste made from them and a aula

taken from the cactus. Several of the women

of the best hotels in the country in my travels.”

BIG AND LITTLE STEAM WHISTLES.

other fishing boat fourteen hours; and the sev-
manner. Rods and reels must be used, and the
skill required may be realized. The rod gen-
erally costs from $10 to $30, and has one tip ix
feet in length, with a butt two feet long; the
guides and tip are agate, while above the reel
seat is a grip of cork or some similar substance
for the left hand. The reel costs from $20
to $75, and is a silver and rubber affair large
enough to hold 1,000 feet of line. It has, if the
best, a patent brake, a musical click, an ingen-
ious device for distributing the line over the
spool, It also has a thumb brake of moose-
hide, and is the apple of the eye of ite owner;
as delicately made as a watch, and as carefully
cared for, There is no sentiment about reels—
poor ones, cheap ones will not answer, a single
run of a tuna taking the life out of them, so
that the expensive tackle is the cheapest in the
end. Some tuna men have a dozen roda, half

e or elahty fish taken this season have |
The fishing for tuna is dominated by the
line must not be larger than a No, 24 Cutty-
as many reels, notwithstandiig the fact that
The boats used in this fishing are yawls,
man aud gaffer sits ——e his oars in the
launch fastened with a hitch which he can toes
sit in the stern, facing it, side by side, in com-
Thus equipped, the launch steams out, tow-
direct the boatto them, Suddenly a flying fish
man, once had his rod jerked from his hands at
over the bait. The placid blue waters break
the fight ison. The reels hiss and scream and
nately,the fish have rushed in opposite directions
one angler steps aboard, and the two are pres-
The boatmap has taken the oars at the strike
}
|

 

 

The Great Blast of the Ocean Liner and the
Toot of the Hoisting Machine,

The great, deep voice that comes over the
water from some ocean liner is likely to be
from a whliatle twelve Inches in diameter with
a bell twenty-four tnches high, which is the
largest whistle commonly made. A whistle
of this size can be heard ten miles, Such a
whistle would be used on only the largest of
ocean steamers and war vessels, because only
vessels with large boiler capacity could spare
the steam required to blow it. It takes a three
inch steam pipe to carry the steam required
to blow a twelve-inch whistle, and a three=inch
pipe will carry off a good deal of steam, Such
whistles are used ashore onmills. A twelve-
inoh whistle would cost about $175.

The smallest whistle used would be one
such a8 might be found attached to a hoisting
engine. It would have a bell one ineh in diam-
eter and two inches high; and a whistle like
this would cost about $2. A whistle of such
size, air-blown, would be used on anaphtha
launch, The sharp little whistle heard on
steam fire engines in the city has a bell an inch
and a half in diameter, and three inches high.

There are various kinds of steam whistles
including, besides the common steam whistles
with its single-chambered bell, chime whis-
tles, sirens, and others of peculiar tones. A
chime whistle may consist of a group of three
whistles of different sizes and tones; there are
also, and these are the more commonly used,
single bell chime whistles, The single bell
chime whistle has in its bell three compart-

nenta, producing as many distinct tones, which

armonize and give a musical chord. Of the
whistles of one kind and size and another used

 

is carried on in a remarkably sportemaniike
The boat-

nowadays the proportion of those having an | where hear their flying-fish bait he will pounce
agreeable mpustoas sound is far greater soe upon it like a tiger of the sea that he ts, “They told the correspondent that they and thelr
than formerly. grip their rods tighter, as a very good angler, children had only one scant meal each day

for several weeks. The Pimas are usuall
honest, and as yet have not resorted to thef
but under further pressure of hunger are likely
to give the ranchers trouble.

Certain trouble is anticipated from the Papa-
goes, These Indians, to the number of 8,000,
are scattered over the country below Tucson,
They are a lavy, worthless people, and have
lived almost entirely upon the industry of the
Pimas, helping the latter harvest their crops
and sharing with them the grain. The Papa-
goes are more closely ajlied to the Apaches,
and are usually incline to be quarrelsome,
They are all well armed and would make mue
trouble if once turned loose.

At the Tacaton reservation the chief, Anton

Withia comparatively recent years railroads
in this ¢ountry have come very commonly
to use on thelr engines some two character-
istic kinds of whistles, one kind on the passen-
fc". engines and the other on freight engines.

1 smaller cities and towns, Abe in the country
along the line, the railroad fills gatur lly a
much more important place in the daily life o
the people than it does in a great city, an
everybody along the line is more or less in-
terested in the railroad; and not only statio
agents and baggage men ane railroa
employees generally, but people along the line
of the road. as well. know what's coming lon
before the train comes tn sight by the sound

afforded excitement and material enough to
last the anglers long into the winter.
Tuna Club; in other words, its rules and regu-
lations ‘Are followed, and as a result the sport
hunk; most anglers using a 21, which is about the
size used by some anglers for black bass—a
all the boatmen of the island have complete
outfits for the fishing.
with broad, wide beam, some being double-
enders, others having small one or two horse-
powet engines; but the majority are towed

hind large power launches which lie off and
on when the angler has a strike,
rowlocks, the long painter eeding from the
y

off at a moment's notice, The anglers usually
fortable chairs, the seats of which have a
notch lined with leather for the butt of the rod,
ing the boat, the man at the helm keeping an
eye, out for tunas, or flying fish, so as to
leaves the water 100 yards to the right and comes
darting along two or three feet above the
surface, The anglers know that directly be-
Death the flyer ts a tuna and if he comes any-
@ Man with @ national reputation as a fisher-
such a time. On comes the flying fish, poising just
into silver, two rods are jerked downward and
the men discover that the automatic brake is as
nothing and are pressing on their water-soaked
thumb pads with all their strength. Fortu-
and both can be saved, ‘Ihe launch backs up,
ebtly separated and the combat is continued,

| and now has them over, pulling against the fish,

of the engine's whistle. while the zee-zee, sharp and resonant, shows

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

—_——_—_—_—~_ that the fish is still taking line. Some fishes of | Urequez, says that many deaths will follow /
A Day Ever Glortous in American History, kmall size fight for hours; others are killed in | Unless ald comes soon. Anton comes from @
twenty orthirty minutes or less, but it is rarely family of leaders of the tribe
To THR Eprtor oF THE SuN—-Sir; It is re- | that a fish is taken without a struggle My people are dying when my white brother,
freshing during the temporary withdrawal The best catch ever made by a single angler | Whe my father helped, ts living here in plenty,
of “Shenandoah” from the boards, to h was that of Mr. F. Gray Griswold of New York, | $id he. "My father was killed in fyehtine
Pr rds, fo hear | who broke all records of the club. On June | the Apaches and T am sacred from their bullets F
again the familiar story “ "Twas here the battle he took his first tuna a 140-pounder, in two | 8nd knives. Over in that tepee is Chief Juan bY
of Cedar Creek began” proclaimed to a larger jours and twenty minutes, but the fish broke | ane his equew pnd suddren save had no meal
. the rod, which according to the rules, debarred | 80-day. , duan_ lec ye soldiers to the n
audience through the medium of your esteemed him from the honors which go with a ests | place of the Apaches many a time, and wa
journal, This was a battle that no lapse of | The second fish, weighing 130 pounds, was scalped and left for dead twenty-five years
time, no temporary interests in other and later | caught with a disabled reel, but from that time | a0 while leading the troops to a rendezvous
wars, nor the momentous incidents attendin on Mr. Griswold appears to have sized up his in the Pinal Mountains. My people do not beg
. @ | game as he made the record catch for the tour- | Of steal, but we will starve soon, unless given
our enlarged cares in the affairs of contemporary | nament so far, taking thirteen fish in six days, | food or work. Some of our children are in
history can ever shake from our memory, or, | On the 9th he took two; on the 10th three and on | the school at Phoenix, but many of them are
like the fairy stories of our earlivat reading, | the 11th tive, beating all records. The follow- | Suffering here. In winter we can live by mak-
ee fresh enjoyment at each recurring ing isthe rooors for the six days, the fish weigh- ine, baskets, but pow sate is no sale for them
‘TUSAl, ing 1,411 pounds, } and we cannot find other work to do,”
sh ete, Sree = Bee yinamories of SIX DAY'S FISHING. cr. bee appropriated $38,000 for the
be their right or left hands to prove to-day Weight. Time. permanent fanaa aupte emepet wie do
that the pen is mightier than the sword in the | June 5 (1000) 150 » 2brs. 20 minutes. | the Indian School, has danned t Tr ild
arena you have so generously thrown open| " 8 "130 Lie oe tole peat wekienie fer eee svc t
for them to fight in. When, after years ot A 4 “ 102 19 a ae nmens F at Fie en orees of
Nature's best endeavor to cover alike the grave: . © * Pie 1» we wid cont &2,000 ono. 1 sede sp : {pe work
of the blue and the fray with green swar 193 a so hodied Pimas It would furpinh ane nae
eee towers prowicuseny eb ok ee . 3's 55 5 “ of water sufficient to irrigate 75,000 acres, ,
Memorial Day, there is no better text from ot} | f ee err
which to preach the glory of the American 09 sf * First of To-day'’s Awning Fires.
soldier than the battle of Cedar Creek, The * 1 5 108 “4CU oF
wise-planned surprise and sucoessful attack 100 . The first Fourth of July awning fire ocourred
in the earliest hours of Oct. 19 was a credit to (118° 2 in the Tenderloin ata few minutes after mid-
Gen. Early, who arises a monumental Phasnix , night. Scme one threw a firecracker on the
after the conflagration of his arms at Wjn- The event of the tuna reason of 1900 was the | big awnings in front of Smith Gray & Co.'s
chester and Fisher's Hill and the burning of his feat of three women taking, unaided, leaping | clothing “tors at Broadway’ and Thirty-
Valley storehouse along the line of his previous | Ena, Which it was supposed was an impossi- | first street. The engines rattled up and there
retreat, Then by the fortunes of war those | bility. The Tuna Club fad offered a gold medal | was a heen of excitement in the neighborhood
other Americans, under the leadership of their this year to aby Woman who would take a tuna ) The loss did not exceed $25 ” P
insuperable commander, Sheridan, achieved | 0f @2Y si#e, according to the rules of the club, acnenmmpeeandiaiedaia
a final victory. : which are, rod and reel, 24-strand line, the fish ;
Let us not stop for detail in trving to prove is be reeled to the gaff without aid pf guy kind, Whirted to Death in a Fly Wheel,
that the Cavalry or Artillery or Infantry fo ree Women have wocomplished this feat § | »
the most heroically, or settled the saoees oe" Miss B.O. Clark of Los Angeles, Mrs. J.C. Cone | Nate _ oe a nginest 46 the Com
particular act of one of these respective arins! nor of Colorado Springs and Mrs, James Gard- | Selidated Gas Company's plant at 627 West
New York, June 30, T.J.R ner of Avalon, Miss Clark's lish weighed 118 | Yorty-fourth street, while working in the en-
ia aca aadeel ‘a jounds and was killed in twenty minutes, Mrs. | &ine room yesterday was cnhught in the ty
Bardner's fish weighed 130 pounds and was | Wheel His body was whirled around by the
$100,000 Worth of Horses on the Marquette. | brovght to gall in less than an hour. wheel and when the machinery was sto ped he
James B. MeLaughlin, who owns astock farm | nae the bas bane te ent ful gs meee here Wear det Oe MATES O66 VES Ot Ole
; | have the tun Mer so plenti res chools ST 106 ‘ ¥
at Columbus, Ohlo, arrived yesterday from | have taken their place off Avalon bay : tre nie
London aboard the Atlantic transport steam- | ing @ tnagnificent sight to the sutinier visite a ’ >
ship Marquette with 100 Percheron stallions | AS though by a preconcerted tovement. the JOTTINGS ABNUT TOWN,
andten coach horses. vated at $100,000, and | @reat fish: would rush in shore, the water pre- me
insured forth» same amount. Oneof the stal- | senting the appearance of being stermeswept, | o Charles Stewart Smith sailed for Europe yesterday
lions, which won the first pray at a French | co' ered with Waves of foam, above whieh ox uld | On the Kaiser Wilnelin der Grosse
horse fair, cost Mr. McLauwhlin $5,500 be seen the tunas leaping sia or eight feet into Toke Smith of Georgia arrived In town yesterday
: the air As the school swept in the boats of and put up at the Fifth Avenue Hotel,
Killed With a Bottle in a Saloon Row. the anglers put out, and « scene of indesecriba- Mids for the new vViaduet which will carry Riverside
ble confusion and excitement ensued, The | Drive over Ninety-sixth street were opened yesterday ,

fish, driving belore-them mackerel and flytr
fish, paid no attention to the boats. The Bune

|
|

Patrick O'Grady, a laborerof 426 West Fifty- |
ming of reels, the shouts of the anglers who

sixth street, died vesterday in Roosevelt Hos-

pital of a fractured skull. He was bit on Mon- | » orack! f 4
ga y night wits a 6 sainge ror. James | 2 Mate gy ag core sounds. which let ae
Me'iowan, a bartender, of 10 est Sixty-first | hile over t ’ ) ,
utreet, waa arrested veaterday and locked up in | {n’q windlen mek corned by the tonan'ax Bene
me West Forty-nev' feat polce stations | korang into the air for their prey, Mer
charged with having killed O'Grady, women were so excited when a "esis , oe
Ceara that they held the reel and celiberately broke
the lines; others did things in the excitement
which seemed incomprehensiwle afterward.
One angler drop his rod and hurled an oar

by Park Commisstoner Clausen, Eight pro
were received, the prices for the work ranging upward
from $140,000, The contract will not be awar for
several days,

‘There was no meeting of the Counct! yeate:
cause caly twelve members appearen. Prealanns
Guggenhetmer announced an adjournment until next
Tuesday at }0 o'clock Inthe morning

The body of a drowned man found tn }
River off Ninety fourth street last Sunday a ane
fied at the Morgue yesterdayas thatol James O'Con
hell of 14ist street and Broadway. He had been
missing since June 27.

 

River Steamer Blows Up.

Papucan, Ky, July 3.-The river steamer

Peter Hauntz blew up to-day. The engineer | at a leaping fish, but the majority sat and Y Frank Lee ‘Taylor, well known as @ plano expert,
was killed and three other officers are missing, | the great fish which forree ‘brought {payed the West Site poitte sear? 1° 9 wees in
Nothing \ reported about the crew. An excellent opportunity was afforded to | deserted her in Ottawa, Ill, for secthd coma” d