}

ee ee

 

  
 

Fn

   
 

RIVER FIRE’S VICTIMS.

——————

NINETY*TWO BODIES RECOVERED FROM
THE WATER AND THE SAALE.

 

 

Vast Preponderance of Saale Men Among Them
—Only Five Longshoremen—North German
Lioyad Agent Saye 144 Members of the
Crews Have Not Reported ~Main’s Balk-
heads Give Way and tho Entire Hold Is
Flooded— Ship Settles Further in the Mud

Little progress was made yesterday In ascer~
taining the cost in lives of Saturday's
fire in the harbor Up to IJast night
ninety-two bodies had been recovered from
the river and the hulk of the Saale. or
theese 59 dre known to have come from the
Saale, and it !s probable that more than that
number belonged on that ship. Five are from
the Main and two fromthe Bremen, Sixveen
of the bodies have not been identified at all.
Only five are the corpses of longshoremen.

Alfet made out yesterday by the North Ger-

an Liovd agent shows that 144 members of
the crews of the line's ships have failed to re-
port—100 from the Saale, 35 from the Matin and
9 fromthe Hremen, Some of these undoubtedly
have deserted. Many bodies of those on the
list have been recovered and identified,

BODIES TAKEN FROM THE RUINS,

Nineteen more bodies from the burned ships
and piers of the North German Lloyd Line were
found yesterday.on the Hoboken shore by the
boatmen with the grappling irons, making the
total number of bodies that are or have been
inthe Hoboken morgues 70, The last five bodies
recovered yesterday were floating. Only two
of the nineteen were found under the Hamburg
plier, where it was supposed there would be a
great many. These two were taken to Hoff-
man's morgue. The other seventeen were
all found in the slip between the Thingvalla
Line pier and Pier 1 of the North German Lloyd
Line and in the slip immediately south of it,
The seventeen were taken to ©’ Donnell’s mogaue

The body of amiddie-aved man, evidently a
longshoreman, was found in the river at the
foot of Morris street, Jersey City, yesterday.
Onacard in one of the pockets was written;
‘Tall, Steamer Saale.’" The body was badly
burned about the bead and hands. It wastaken
to Speer's morgue,

The crowd about the ruins dwindled yester-
day from thousands to hundreds, and even the
finding of bodies seemed to be ao old story to
what sightseers there were.

Although there is a cloud of smoke rising from
the ruins of the Campbell storehouse and sev-
eral of the burned-off piles are blazing, Fire
Chief Applegate has sent all his apparatus away
and is keeping Ulings Wel wilh six hydrant
slreams.

MAIN AND BREMEN NOT YET EXPLORED,

From all appearances in and about the Main
and Bremen, which lie close together in the
river off Sliadyside, it seems unlikely that any
bodies will be recovered from them for sey-
eral days. Not a spark of fire remains in
pither, but the Bremen is full of water and the
Main is practically sunken, At high tide her
main deck is awash and she may settle a few
fluches more, it will be three days before
the water can be purnped out of the ships,
¥en supposing that they are reasonably tight,
which 14 improbable. As there is no clue tu
the situation of the bodies which are sup-
posed to be in the vessels it is not considered b+
the wrecking people worth while to attempt
to locate thein by diving inside the hulls. Prob-
ably no exhaustive search will be made untul
the ships are practically free of water,

Shortly after midnight yesterday morning
the last spark of tire on the Main was put out
by a sudden inrush of water through bulk-
heads which Aad hitherto kept certain parts
of the vessel dry, Just what bulkheads gave
way {3 not known, but there were probably
two or three of them amidships. Immediately
the tons and tons of water that had been

oured into the hatchways by the tugs surged
into the exposed parts of the ship,. It is
thought that there was a considerable inflow
from the outside. also, The flood drowned
out the burning coal and cotton in a second
At the same time the Main gave a lureh and
began to settle with a heavy list to starboard.

MAIN DEEPER IN THE MUD,

“She's slipped off and is sinking,” cried one
of the men aboard and all ran tor the rail. In
@ short time, however, she steadied and the
settling became more gradual. Some of the
tugs got a considerable wash from the first
roll that she gave, but no harm was done. Just
what she was doing was a matter of uncer-
tainty in the darkness, but it was plain that
the setting was going steadily on, accompanied
by some slewing, When the light of morn-
ing came it vas seen that she had settled more
than ten feet and that she had a heavy list
outward toward the centre of the river. It
seemed, too, that the distance between her
and the Bremen was increased siightly. As
the settling continued the Main recovered
her upright position little by little, until by
8 o'clock she was practically on an even keel
again. Later the Water came over her tor-
ward deck, which seemed to lie @ little lower
than the after deck. Capt. Walcott of the Mer-
ritt Chapman wrecking steamer I, J. Merritt,who
had been on duty all night, thinks that the
Main’s sinking as she did was probably a good
thing
REST WAY TO PUT THE FIRE OUT
“She lies imbedded in six feet of soft mud,”
he suid, “Underneath that there is a hard
clay bottom and she is just about resting on
that now. Completely flooding her was the only
way that fire could have been conquered, We
might have played hose on it for a week and
not got it out. Coal is one of the worst things
in the world to extinguish when it is afire in
bulk, and one of the few worse things is cotton.
I've seen cotton bales thrown into a slip when
they caught fire and left to drift around for
a week and when they were hauled out and
got into the air they started blazing again
as if nothing had happened
Third OMeer Abekan and Fourth Officer
Mette were on the Main nearly all) day
They said they had orders to let no visitors on
board. On the Bremen were Capt. Nierich
with several of the engineer officers. One of
them found the remains of a gold watch, which
he had given up for lost, in his cabin. The last
of the flre on her was out on Monday evening.
Much of her cargo was taken out of the main
hatch. It was mostly cotton. There was
aso a quantity of bottled liquor. Looking
down into the hatchway yesterday, ene could
gee cases of bottles there. The bottles were
Intact, but the corks were all gone. It is sur-
thised that when the heat became great the
corks blew out. The Bremen lies as she did
on Monday with a considerable list to port.
She seemed to be slipping over little by little
late on Monday nicht and in the morning the
derrick Monarch rigged a chain around under
her near the bow to hold her in_ position
Divers were at work on both ships all day yes-
terday examining the sides and bottoms and
closing the portholes, — All the fleet of attend-
ant tugs were gone, but the wrecking cot-
pany's lighters Comfort and Consort, the
wrecking steamer Merritt and the derrick Mon-
arch were at hand and working
WHAT THE WRECKERS MAVE TO DO.
W. L. Chapman of the wrecking company
spent the morning about the ships and after
examining them said
“It will be a week or more before we can ex-
ect to raise the Bremen. As for the Main,
don’t know when we can get her up. Some
seams are open on both the ships and we shall
probably find more when we come to raise
them. Perhaps we ean't get the water out of
the Main by pumping, as it may be that she
will take in water as fast as we can pump it
out. In that case we shall have to pontoon
her. To-morrow we shal! have a larger force
of lighters here and six divers will be put on
the Main. There will be more divers on the
Bremen, too. As for searching for bodies,
we haven't any idea where to begin such a
search, It would simply be a waste of time
under present conditions.”
The principal work done by the two divers
yesterday was in closing the portholes
low the water his was slow work because
the majority of them could not be closed by
means of the shutters from within In such
cases the portholes are closed with round pleces

 

 

of board attached by a torwie and bolt, The
orthole is covered and the cover serewed up
Then the holes are plugwed, it is estimated
that the closing of the portholes will take forty-
elxht hours and the pumping out will take
thirty-aiz if conditions are favorable, but the

chances are that they will not he favorable
It is hoped that the Bremen will float and right
herself when she is pumped out. The purmp-

nit is slow, as each compartment, except where
thebulk heads havegivenaway, must be pumpe
separately. No adequate estimates could

had yesterday from the wre
the extent of damage to the
sels
EXCURSIONISTS ROWED ALOUND THE HULKS
The shore from the Weehawken ferry down
to the spot opposite the stranded ships was

 

 

lined with small eratt yesterday ready to take
visitors around the Main and Bremen. One
of the out'ts bad a placarded rate of 25 cents
trip and this became the standard rate. The
trip toe! wut twelve minutes Nearly half
the visitors carried cameras and to@ snap
khote of t eusels The ereevd was not so
Kreat as ont previous dav, but the boatmen
are looking fora bia holiday crowd to-day

There ws tory about on the river front
yeterday to t effoot that eral of the
Main " tdt danger to the ship as
= ' ry; tiie before the flames
reached her The diseiptine ef the line is

strict and tiey went to look for the superin-
tendent of the pier to ask if they might not
cant off and get the ship out of danger, Before

 

a

SS Ss eSenesteestnuses

|
|
|
|
|
|

pier and they had to-run for their lives to and,
THREE MORE BODIES FOUND ON THE SAALB.

Four divers ang forty-five other men worked
on the wreck o! 6 es y. Only
three bodies were found. y in the morning
the divers said moi they were hampered in
their work of searching for bodies by the vast
amount of small pipe and iron grating in the
hold. They said t until the vessel could
be pum! out the search would be unsatis-
factory. After that two of the four divers
worked on the outside of the vessel stopp:
up portholes with toggle boards. A ir
assisted them from the inside of -the vessel,
while the fourth was tinkering at the machinery
of the Saale, which, though under water, is
believed by some of the officials of the com-
pany to be in such condition that the greater
part of it can be saved.

The first body was discovered by Diver
Erickson floating in the second cabin aft. Emil
Zanda, the second officer of the ship, identified
it as the head steward of the Saale, whose name,
he said, was Qellerich. Oellerich was the largest
man in the employ of the North German Lloyd
line. 1t was found that his watch had stopped
at ten minutes past 7, This was about the
time the second cabin of the Saale was flooded,
and it is supposed by Second Officer Zanda
that it was then that Oellerich was drowned.

The second body also was in the second cabin
aft. It was identified by negond Officer Zanda
as @ man whose name he did not remember,
but whose face had been made familiar to him
in the last four {ripe of the vessel because of
his having acted in the dual capacity of steward
and musician

The third body was discovered by Diver
Johnson shortly before 6 o'clock in a stateroom
on the port side of the vessel aft. Tt was that
of a man about 6 feet 7 inches tall, with dark
hair. He wore a fancy summer shirt of good
Madras and gray checked trousers. Hig coll
was gone, he having probably taken It off while
the ship was burning. The clothing was ex-
pensive, and it is pe jeved that the man was
a visitor on the ship.

1ONO JOR ATIRAD.

Second Officer Zanda said last night that
he estimated it would take the divers fully a
week to place toggle boards over all the port
holes, 1@ pumping, he said, wo ake
another day or two, and then he feared that
a great many bodies would be found in the bot-
tom of the ship. All of the bodies so far have
come from aft of the centre of the ship. It
is believed that in the forward part there are
many and that there are some beneath the
engines

On the turtle back were fully thirty-five
pairs of shoes, some heavy brogans, some of
stvlish make, and some felt slippers. ey
had not been recovered from any part ofthe
vessel, and Officer Zanda said yesterday that
they had been there ever since the fira He
believed that they belonged to persons who
had thrown away part of their clothing be-
fore jumping into the water

When the Charities Department tug Fidelity
arrived at the Saale yesterday morning at 11
o'clock four bodies that had been brought to the
deck by the divers the day before were trans-
ferred oper. While this ‘transfer waa being
mnade the Kaiser Wilhelin der Grosse peewee by
on her way to Europe. A majority of the crew
uncovered their heads as they were passing the
wreck of the Saale

All day. long the Saale was surrounded by
rowboatsJ loaded with curios persons. They
were not allowed on board. The boatmenat the
Battery and Communipaw did a thriving trade
at fancy prices. The ferryboat to Bedloe's
Island also carried an unusual number of pas-
sengers.

RUMOR THAT FIRE STARTED ON THR TEXAS,

Among those missing since the fire are En-
gineer Frank Murray and Mate Algot Benson
oft the steam lighter Texas. owned by the Man-
hattan lighterage Company Murray lived
somewhere in West Broadway and Benson at
274 Spring street The latter was not more
than 20 years old. The Texas, with her cargo
o! burning Cotton, was towed by the tug Willie
tothe Erie Basin, The menonthe Willie say
that she was fastto the stern of the Saale and
that they hid to chop asteel hawser to get her
free

Around the Red Hook cotton warehouses it
was rumored yesterday that the fire started on
this very lighter Texas. It was id thata
spark from the amcokestack fgnited a bale of
cotton and that this was thrown onthe pler and
so started the conflagration.

ARRANGEMENTS FOR A GREAT FUNERAL,

Dr. Halfner of the Hoboken Koard of Health
said yesterday that the funeral of the fire
victims would take place at 10 o'clock on

Thursday morning. All of the bodies, {n-
cluding those from New York, will be
taken to Hoffman's morgue, where the

services will be held. The Rev. Dr. William
Jenvey of St. Paul's Episcopal Church will

read the burlal service. A _— procession
will then be formed, The band from _ the
Trave of the North German Lioyd Line
will head the vrocession, As many
hearses us possible will be secured. The bodies
that are not carried tn hearses will be
placed on trucks that_ will be draped

with erape and with the German and Ameri-
can flags. Six. benevolent socteties have
already secured places in the line and
ali of them wiil have bands of music.

The procession will go past the burned plers
and will then move out Washington street to
Machpelah Cemetery, Flower Hill, where th
company has 192 lots. The longshoremen an
sailors will be buried three In eachgrave.
Each officer will have a grave to himself,

 

TUGBOAT MEN OFFER A REWARD

For Proof of Inhamanity-Two Queer Com-
plaints Made in Hoboken.

The tugboat owners of this port had a meet-
ing yesterday at the Produce Exchange and
considered the charges of {nhumanity made
against a few of the tug pilots. Capt. George
I.. Norton presided and there were present the
representative rivermen of this neighborhood.
Fii B. Conine, who owns a tug bearing his name,
said he was aboard her most of the time while
the liners were burning and that his skipper
picked up many persons from the water and
took others from the Saale. He passed coffee
through the portholes of the Saale to the im-
prisoned victims and saw many other tugboat-
men gallantly helping to save life rather than
go after salvage. He saw the tug Mutual pick
up a large number of men who had Jumped from
the Saale. The Maria Hoffman had saved a lot
and the Nettie Tice had saved between thirty
and forty who had leaped from the end of a
blazing pier

Alfred Eldridge, owner of the D. S. Arnott
raid the towboatmen did not get credit for half
of what they did. His boat had not only saved
life, but had passed food into the portholes to
men aboard the Saale. The skipper of the
Margaret Lenox said that he bad seen Engineer
Tom Healy of the Barrett tug Wendell Goodwin,
which pleked up twenty-six persons, leap into
the water and save a woman and two children
who had been forced to jump from a burning
coal barge moored alongside one of the ruined
steamships. Theclothing of the woman and the
little ones was aflame when the mother, obey-
ing the command of the skipper of the Goodwin,
jumped into the river, Healy plunged in and
held the mother and cbildren up until a line was
thrown to him by his shipmates, who dragged
all hands aboard.

The meeting adopted a resolution offering a
reward of $1,000 for proof showing a lack of hu-
manity on the part of any tugboatman.

The first formal complaints of alleged cruelty
of tugboat captains on the night of the tlre were
made yesterday by Fritz Heinrich Kruse, third
officer of the Saale and Henry Brocksted,
a longshoreman, of 75 Bloomfield street,

lioboken, who both filed affidavits with
Recorder Stanton of the Hoboken police court.
Ofticer Kruse's affidavit is to the edeet that
the captaus of the tug Dandy refused to take
him to 4 place Where he tuight be of some assis-
tatice in the work of rescue. He says he was
standing on the ead of the northern pier of
the Hamburg Line and that a lifeboat from
the Phanieia was on the other side of the ship.
lie had intended to go out in command of that
lifeboat, but it gol away before he was ready
lie huiled the Dandy and asked the captain
to take hin, aboard and carry him to the life-
boat. The Dandy Was run in far enough for |
lvruse to Jump aboard, le says, and then backed

ofl

Vhen,
captain of the
al mone)

“L never use
saves he rephed
any inany poeket, but L want to get to my life-
boat and take eormand

‘I've no thne for you,
ness of my own to look after,
boat captain according to the affidavit
Bays the tug then weat back to the Hamburg
pier and he was obliged to step ashore

Officer |
!
|

aceording to the affidavit, the
Dandy asked Kruse it he had

money on board ship,” Kruse
so | don’t happen to have

I've got other busi-
replied the tug-
Kruse

 

Af_idavits corroborating that) of
Kruse were filed by mudoipn Grahn, physi-
efan on the Phaenicia, oo! Christ: Iph Gerkens
and Oscar Heuntechel, stewards on the Phopni-
‘ i
“In his affidavit, Longshoreman. Brock-tedt
said that he was in lifeboat No. sof the Phan-
jeia astern of the Saale when a tug came along
and her captain yelled; “Get to hell out of
there, Then, said the longshoreman, the
tug cut the lifeboat off from rendering any
further asistance by jamming in between [t
and the Saale

We had already saved a stewardess and
seven men from the Saale,” said Brockstedt,

ind rowed tn toward the Haniburga pier with
them, New York Central tue No. 6 lay there |
aod we ealled to her captain to take the men

id the woman aboard so we could go after
more. He refused ty help us and teld us to
wet out the way so he could pull a barge oud,
He nearly run the lifeboat down.”

Recorder Stanton received the affidavits
but seemed at a loss to know Just what he could
or should do with them, No action has been

  
 

about

y. aa believe that a
the ring.

boat men are worth consi:

 

THE KAISER GOES HOME,

 

Cheers When the Survivors of the North Ger-
man Lloyd Fleet Boarded Fer,

There was a much bigger crowd than usual
on the Cunard pier at the foot of James street
yesterday moming when the Katser Wilhelm
der Grosse, sole survivor of the North German
Lloyd fleet in this port, sailed for home. There

was nothing in the appearance of the liner
to indicate that she had passed through one
of the worst fires of modern times, and over
those parts where she had been scorched a
fresh coat of paint glistened and she displayed
4 brand new set of flags.

Just before salling Sine the tug George Starr
came over from the Hamburg-American pler
in Hoboken with most of the known survivors
ofQthe three wrecks. There were 140 from
the Bremen,@101 from the Saale an olgnty-
eight from the Main, After lan from the
tug, these men§formed in column of twos and
marched aboard the Baer. As they went
angplank to the steerage,

down the h in
a new sult of clothes, and many with ban-
daged heads and hands, the throng on ship

an Shore broke forth in a salvo of cheers.
wing to the necessity of carrying back the
survivors, nearly 800 steerage passengers,
booked to go on the Kaiser, had to wait for
the next ship of the line, As tt was, the Kaiser
carried 430 first qabin passengers, 821 second
cabin and 280 in the steerage.

There are two men of the Kaiser's crew miss-
ing. There were three. but one, 6 scullion,
reported vesterday. The captain belfeves that
ba’ ye are not dead, but have simply de-
serted.

144 MISSING OF THE CREWS.

200 of the Saale, 85 of the Main and of the
Bremen’'s Crew Only 9.

The agency of the North German Lloyd Line
here gave out yesterday lists showing that 100
of the crew of the Saale, 85 of the crew of the
Main and 9 of the crew of the Bremen, or 144
in all, have failed to report since the fire and are
accounted missing, although some of them are
believed to be alive and to have deserted, Of
the 100 missing from the Saale’s crew 9 are
women—stewardesses, The bodies of a great
many persons named in tho lista have been re-
covered and identified. Mr. Herman Winter
said of the lists:

“It may be that some of the persons named

arealive. My attention has been called to the
fact that two of the crew of the Bremen, Theo-
dore Riehn and Max Burkner, down on the list
as missing, were seen and talked to by officers
of the ship in Hoboken on Saturday night. We
have prepared these lists with as much care as
possibhe, and all we can say is that we have
ween able to get no track of those on the list
It always happens thatsome of the crew of
nearly every ship desert as soon as she reaches
port. Our crews are no exception and it is
Quite provable that some of those down as
missing have deserted.”

These are the lista

SAALE

Captain, J. Mirow; third officer, A. Baron: ehlef
engineer, John Wehlan; second engineer, K Gahre;
engineers, Waldemar, Senvholtz, EB. Voelske; chief
firerhen, Chr. Roderkfrch, W. Wittges; ollers, E.
Alesten, C. Sigmund

Firemen: Hi Bartels, P. Meyer, F. Soetbeer, Her-
man yTienken, ©, Wilke, C, Camock, W. Reinsdorf,
W. Bohimann, W. Spreen, Edward Wetbe, Carl Link;
coal passers: Carl Eisele, b Kemme, Pewr Geyer,
Ernst Stein, Au®ust Lichtenklou, G, Schultze, F
Buckow, F. Haas, John Brauer, G. Ciril.

First carpenter: Jc Wallrabe.

Seamen: Gustav Borchmann, H.

Schmidt, W. Hackbarth, M. Hafemann.

Assistant purser. Friedrich Pradt

Chief steward: G, Oelerich; deck stewards: J.
Thiedemann, Joachim Hernsdorf, W. Timke; boy,
George Adaens; stewards: Joseph Grein, Joseph
Sturmpre W. Bagrs, August Kandorf, M. Vlant,
John Schroeder, John Schirrmann, G. Siemen, W.
Utermoehle, Paul Quasdorf, H. Villmer, August
Loeffen, Paul Drebbel, Lind Buseh, E. Grebe, K. Am-
mermann, W. Funhrmann L. Westphal, lao Von
Friech, ©. Haferung, BE. Kunze, Fo Wohlers, A

tickel, Henry Schan, John Barghahn, Adolph
ohanssen, Carl Schwarz, Jobn Junge, F. Bartholo

ans, R. Terie, John Hanssen, F. Weldermann, C,

lechsig

Stewardesses, Anna Albert, Frederica Ptetseh, Jo-
bannna Kolbe, matte Cordes, Elita RudigbetlL QO
Lahmensiek, Louisa Myer, A. Mueckel, E. Retse.

Cooks, Ib Raschen, H, Armgard, Fred Fiders, H.
Schweder, W. Senmidt; buichers, August Barre,
Hugo Caecke; porter, W. Kreschmann; dishwashers,
Joseph Buseb, W. Hamann; bakers, G, Rusche, C.
Diess; pantrymen A. Goebeler, Friedrich Meyer, A.
Schade. Total, 10),

 

 

Prahm, 0,

MAIN,

Chief firemen, Henry Held, Adolph Irmer;
firemen, Ernst Bebring, Emil Pilg; ollere, Casimtr
Searava, Arthur Meyer: coal passers, Emil Steg-
mann, Frane Schultz, Frederick Diecker, Herman
Papenbdroe, Johann Hreealnsk!, Herman Meyer,
Franz Wetnhandl.

Superintendent of Supplies, Roman Mlynakt.

First Carpenter, Albert Riebes.

First boatswain, D. Rohifs; able seamen, Thilo
Gerlach, Jobn Wotholat

Stewards, Frederick Schultze, H. Stlerman, Her-
man Tessen, Wilhelm Busiau, Carl Mueller, Adolph
Remscheld, Wilhelm Richa, Ludwig Wolff, Frederick
Huelmann; bakers, Johann Shuberth, Ernst Knauer;
butcher, Ludwig  Fabdrictus sculleryman, Oscar
Richter; barber, Henry Wolff; boys, Bernard Pum-
mersied, Freidrich Goedner, Carl Boeck. Total, 35.

BKREMEN

Chief fireman, J. Maka; seamen, Carl Muller,
Herman Sonder; stewards, H Heyden, Theo-
dore Richter, Max Buerkner Herman Pundt; seul-
lerymen, A. Vogt, B. Guericke. Total, 9.

 

MORE CLAIMS FOR SALVAGE.

A Dozen Libels Filed Yesterday Against North
German Lloyd Steamships,

Twelve more libels were filed by tug-owners
yesterday with the Clerk of the United States
Distriet Court for salvage claims growing out
of the Hoboken disaster. Of these seven were
against the steamship Kaiser Wilhelm der
Grosse, and one each against the Main, Bremen

and Saale. The list is as follows: Against the
Kaiser Wilhelm libels ware filed by owners,
captain and crew of the tug Sarah E. Easton;
by John Carroll, owner of the tugs Seven
Brothers and Carroll Boys; by Charles F. Evarts,
and others, owners of the tugs L. Pulver, FE. M.
Millard and America: by the Fred B. Dalzeli
Company, owner of the tua W) Freeland Dal-
zell, and by the owners of the tugs John Fuller,
Admiral Dewey and Fdward J. Berwind The
tug Edward M. Timmins filed separate Hbels
against the Matin, the Bremen and the Saale.
The Ocean Steamehip Company of Savannah,
owners of the tugboat Fdward Dayton, filed a
{bel acainst the lighter Capt. Lange, and the tug
auiriata swainst the coal barge Nordland

United States Commissioner Roumaine in
Jersey City yesterday l-sued libels agaluat the
lighter Lillian in favor of the tng James Hay,
aud against the liehters Amazon and Captain
Lang in favor of the Jolin A. Griswold,

92 BODIES RECOVERED,

60 Known to Have Come From the Saale
—Few Longshoremen's Bodies,

The additional bodies recovered yesterday
were: In Hoboken, 19: in Jersey City, 1: on the
Saale, 3: total, 23; grand total so far recovered,
92: or, counting a mere fragment trom the
Saale as a body, 93. The fragment and four
bodies found on Monday on the Saale were

taken to Bellevue morgue yesterday, making 16
bodies received there. At the Hoboken morgues
70 have been received, at the Jersey City
morgues 3, and there are 3, recovered on the
Saale, etill on the ship Fifty-nine of the 92
bodies are known to have come from the Saale,
6 fromthe Main and 2from the Bremen, 16 are
unidentified Only a few are put down as sup-
posedly the bodies of longshoremen.

Additions) identifleations were tnade yester-
day as follows

Bellevue Hoaspttal Morgue-Two bodies found on
the Saale on Monday are those of Paul Reichardt, a
Hoboken painter, and Friedertch Pradt, assistant
purser; auother is a longshoreman's The body
identified here as August Weller’s Is not bis; he ts
allve and well

Onthe Saae—Recorered yesterday: The bodies of
Chief Steward Oellerich, of a ship's musician, and ofa
man who apparently had been a visttor aboard,

O'Donnei's Morgue, Horoken — Joun Krein,
butcher on the Saale; Frang Decker, Saale; F. S et-
beer, freman yn the Saale; Ernst Holta, longshore
man: Alfred Baron, third officer of the Saale: Emil
Stegmann, coalpasser on the Main, John Moeller,
Jong@sboreman: Carl Mueller, steward on the Main;
Jacob Strade, longshoremt; Henry Hendrikson,
foreman on the Bremen pler

These three persons were reported to. the
Hoboken police yesterday as missing, making
the total number of persons so inquired for 4:
William Schroder, steward on the Saale, Chris-
tina Larsen, stewardess on the Saale, Richard
Kruger, longshoreman, 217 Fast Tenth street,
New York city.

 

SPECIAL GRANT TO THE BEREAVED.

North German Lloyd Co.'s Generoas Parpose
Director's Estimate of Loss,
Speeial Cabe Despatch fo THE SUN,
Bremen, July 3.—The North German Lloyd
Company will make a special grant to the
dependents of those who perished in
the fire at Hoboken on Saturday apart
from their allowances from the Seamen's
Widows’ fund, Amember of the Board of
Directors says that the company’s lcsses have
been exaggerated. The higher profits earned
in recent years, he declares, will cover the total
loss, Which was about 5,000,000 marks, without
reducing the shareholders’ dividends. The
company, in thanking Emperor William for his
message of sympathy, said it hoped the atrug-
gle with adversity would resuit in new and
prosperous development.

—

THE SUN, WEDNESDAY,

 

 
 

pars ef pega gai tet | METHUEN MAKES ACAPTURE

 

ONE OF THE AFRIKANDER BOND
LEADERS CAUGHT BY HIS FORCE,

 

Gen, Roberts Reports the Movements of His
Troope-Feeding the Families of Many of
the Boer Fightere-High Percentage of
Deaths Among the Enteric Fever Patients.

Special Cable Despatch to THE Sun.

Lonpon, July 8.—In a despatch to the War
Office to-day Lord Roberts says that Gen,
Methuen has reported the capture of Mr.
Wessels, one of the leaders of the Afrikander
Bond. ‘

The War Office haa also received the following
despatch from Gen. Roberts:

Pretoria, July 2-—Hunter’s division has
crossed the Vaal and should be at Frankfort
to-day, where it will be joined by Macdonald's
brigade from Heilbron, Buller’s leading bri-
gaade has left Standerton for Greylingstad.
Both here and at Johannesburg several families
of men flighting us are being fed. Some of
them were in a state of destitution, Ay Heil-
bron, where the food supplies have run out,
groceries, meat, &c,, are being distributed to
the inhabitants under the supervision of a
Relief Committee, Arrangements are being
made to distribute outa for seed purposes to
such farmers as actually require it and are un-
able to procure a supply otherwise.”

In the House of Commons to-day Mr. George
Wyndham, Parliamentary Secretary of State
for War, stated that there had been 2,087 cases
of enterio fever in the hospital at Bloemfontein
fortheeight weeks ending May 11. Of this num-
ber 286 died. Of 5,860 cases of simple fevers in
hospitals throughout South Africa, only one
had resulted fatally,

MURDER OF AN AMERICAN SOLDIER.

 

Cuban Policeman Was Acquitted, but Gen.
Wood Is to Investigate.
Spectai Cable Despatch to THE SUN,

HAVANA, July 8.--The recent acquittal of
Fernandes, the young Cuban policeman who
shot and killed an American soldier named
Welsh, has caused much indignation among
Americans here. Two Americans saw the
shooting, but only one of them was called upon
to give evidence. Capt. Carrington of the First
Infantry was the other American spectator.
He madea statement of the facta before a
Judge of the First Instance, but when the case
came up in the Audiencia he was not called
upon to testify.

Capt. Carrington, who {ts stationed at Guan-
ajay, has explained to Gen. Wood why he did
not appear as awitnessa. He saya, and the
other American contirms his statement, that he
saw Welsh, who was almost helplessly drunk,
running from Fernandez, who was beating him
on the head with hisclub. At acorner Welsh
turned and raised his hands to ward off the
blows. The policeman’s club slipped from his
hand, whereupon the policeman ran away.
Welsh remained where he was, After running
about twenty yards Fernandez turned and de-
liberately shot Welsh dead. Gen. Wood has
ordered an investigation into the case.

Gen. Wood has published a statement in the
Official Gazette in which he says he desires to
express to the people of Cuba his high apprecia-
tion of the manner jn which they conducted
themselves during the municipal elections and
the recent transfer of municipal offices. On
both occasions publlo order was complete.
There was not a single disturbanoe throughout
the island. All this was most creditable to the
people, and promises well for good government
in the future.

 

WASHINGTON'S STATUE IN PARIS.

 

Gift of the Daughters of the Revolution Un-
vetled With Appropriate Ceremonies,
Special Cable Despatch (o THE SUN,

Panis, July 8.— The equestrian statue of
Washington presented by the Daugbters of the
American Revolution to the city of Paris was
unveiled at 10:30 o'clock this morning. Gen.
Horace Porter, the American Ambassador to
France, received the Invited guests, while Col,
Meaux represented President Loubet. There
was a large attendance of American visitors to
the Exposition and also from the regular
colony. The Chamber of Deputies, the Diplo-
matie Corps and the Institute were largely
represerited, Ambassador Porter, Consul-Gen-
eral Gowdy and Col, Chaille long made
speeches

In accepting the siatue M. Delcassé, the
French Minister of Foreign Affairs, begged the
American women to accept the homage and
warm thanks of France. He pronounced a
warm eulogy on Franos, in the course of which
he said: “When Washington died two nations
mourned, To-day the two nations are closer
united than ever to celebrate with one heart
his memory as the best pledge of future friend-
ship.”

Sousa's band played the national airs of
both countries The crowd dispersed with
cheers,

 

MURDERED BY JEW BAITERS,

Naturalized American Killed by the Moors
Was a Tangiers Jew,
Syrecial Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Paris, July 3.. Marcos Kssagin, the natural-
{zed American citizen who was 60 cruelly mur-
dered at Fez, isa Tangiers Jew, and was the
chief representative of the French firm of
Braunsweig & Co. at Fez. He leaves a wife
and baby

Locally he was considered a Frenchman.
France, consequently, will support the firm's
claims jointly with the United States on behalf
of thetamily. The murder is belleved to have
been the result of a Jew-baiting proceeding at
Fez.

 

THE KHEDIVE IN LONDON,

 

 

Driven Through the City Accompanied by the
Prince of Wales and Duke of York,
Spectal Cable Desratch to THE SuN,

Lonpon, July 3. -The Khedive of Egypt drove
through the city to-day in a closed carriage
drawn by four horses. He was accompanied by
the Prince of Wales and the Duke of York, The
exercises were delayed about halfan hourbya
tropical storm. The Khedive was received at
the Guildhall by the Lord Mayor. Prime Min-
ister Salisbury, the foreign Ambassadors anda
distinguished company were present,

QUFEN ENTERTAINS AMERICANS,

Three Handred Civil Engineers Were Guests
at Windsor Yesterday,
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,

Lonpon, July 8.--About three hundred mem-
bers of the American Society of Civil Engineers
visited Windsor Castle to-day by invitation of
the Queen. Her Majesty provided tea for her
guests. lLatershe drove to where the Ameri-
cans were assembled in the grounds and briefly
expressed her pleasure at seeing them, A
number of the engineers were presented to her
Majesty, including Messrs. Wallace und Mor-
«an.

 

 

Berths for Coming North German Lioyds Ships,

Arrangements were completed yesterday for
docking the four North German Lloyd liners
whieh are to arrive this week, The Trave, due
this morning, will discharge her passengers and
cargo at a Cunard pier, footof Jane street. The
Barbarossa, a.so due to-day, will tie up ata
White Star pier, The Kaiser Wilhelin JL, due
to-morrow, Will proceed to a Hamburg Ameri-
can pler in Hoboken and the Lahn, due to-
morrow, will tind a berth at a Cunard pler.
Where these ships will take on cargo for their
return trips has not been determined

Boston Pilot Safe,

Chief Officer Schaeffer 0° the Saale said yes-
terday that a pilot from Boston was undoubte
edly one of the persons lost on theship. He
thought the man was lying down in the pilot
house when the fire started, A despatch to THE
SUN from Boston says that the pilot who was to
take the Saale into that port is John Fawcett
and thut he got home safe on Sunday.

JULY 4, 1900.

Y. W. C. A. OFFICERS RESIGN.

Vorced Out by the Younger Element, Who Want
to Ran the Association.

Yowxznrs, July 3.—All the officers of the
Young Women’s Christian Association of this
city. have resigned. The resignations, which
were, ina large measure, forced by the young
members, were tendered at the annual meeting
of the association a few dayaagoand were made
public to-day through astatement which was
issued by the retiring officers, as follows:

“The rewgnations occured owing to dissen-
sions that have been accumulating for some
time and have finally reached their climax, The
ladies who have resigned claim to have made
repeated attempts to create better feeling, but
all their efforts resulting in failure, they thought
the best service they could render to the work
was to leave it, although some of them were
identified with {i as founders and the majority
had been connected with it for many years,
having borne the heat and burden of the day.’

One of the young members has said; “We had
become tired of the domineeringfattitude of the
ofMlcers of this organizaUon, all of whom
are women of considerable an Those
who resigned were: Mrs, T. 1. Lyall,
Miss Josie Sanders Mrs. Charles RK.
Frankenberg, Miss Edith M. Austin, Mrs,
¢. F. Davis, Mrs. S. Bo Archer, Miss Helen
M. Archer, Miss Sadie Edwards, Mrs. snpie
Cook and Mrs. Eugene Tyineson. Mrs. Lyall ha
been the President of the association since its
organization in 1891. last year at the annual
election there was considerable opposition to
Mrs. Lyall for the exeoutive office onthe part of
the young airls who desired a younger official
with younger ideas, We worked hard during the
year and secured a sufficient number of young
members to {nsure a majority. This yeat Mrs,

yall nnd nearly all the old staff were elected

v the Nominating; Committee and then we
objected. We practically served notice on
them that if they didn't get out we would force
them out and—well, they got out.’ '

PROMOTION

 

FOR BRAVERY.

No Civil Service Fxamination Required of a
Policeman in Such Case,

Justice O'Gorman of the Supreme Court de-
cided yesterday that the Police Commissioners
have the right to make promotions for meri-
torious conduct without requiring an examina-
tion by the Municipal Civil Service Commis-
sioners or the approval of the action of the
Commissioners by the Mayor.

The decision was rendered in the case of
Dennis Grady, who, while a roundsman, res-
oued a person from drowning in the East River,
He hud also been commended for bravery in

 

arresting Martin Sweeny, who is undergoin
lifeimprisonment for murder committed las
December

The Commissioners passed a resolution to
make Grady a sergeant, but the Municipal Civil
Service Commission would not recoanize the a
poepiment by passing the voucher for his pay in

hatwrade. The Minicipal Civil Service Com-
mission took the ground that Grady must elther
pass an examination for sergeentor thatthe
action of the Comunlesioners in promoting bim
must be approved by the Mayor = The Muivor's
indorsement had not been asked for. Justice
O'Gorman, in issuing @ mandamus avainst the
Municipal Civil Service Commissioners, says:

“Although the position of police sergeant is in
the classified competitive list under the existing
Civil Service law, the power {is nevertheless re-
served to the Police Board to make promotions
for meritorious conduct.”

STACHELBERG'S MENTAL CONDITION.

Commission to Determine Whether Wealthy
Young Man Is Insane,

 

The commission which was recently appointed
by Supreme Court Justice Dickey of Brooklyn
to inquire into the sanity of Newton B. Stachel-
berg, whois confined in Sanford [lall, Flush-
ing, had its opening session yesterday. Young
Stachelberg was committed to the sanitarium
by a Justice of Manhattan after several doctors

had certified that his mental condition was
such that he should be placed under restraint.
On Juue 27 Lawyer Abraham Levr applied to
Juatioe Dickey for a writ of habeas corpus in
the case, averring that Stachelberg should not
be deprived of hia liberty, Then ltollowed the
appointment of the commission

When a jury bad been imparelled yesterday
Lawyer Stern on behalf of the Stachelborg
family, who are opposed to the proceedings,
spoke at length of the dissipated habity of the
young man, He went to South Africa, the law-
yer said, inanendeavor to break away from
his demoralizing associations und after his re-
turn to this country he was worse than before,
His family desired that he should be compelled
torermainin the institution until he was re-
stored to health, There were no further pro-
ceedings yesterday. and the hearing was ad-
journed until to-morrow. Stachelberg ts said
to be worth $500,000 in his own right.

 

CUBANS HELPED TO CELEBRATE.
The Washington Statue in Parts Reproduced
in Fireworks at Cambridge.

CAMBRIDGE, Mass., July 8 One hundred and
twenty-five years ago to-day Gen. George
Washington took command of the Continental
Army beneath a tree now standing on the Com-
mon which bas since been known as the Wash-
Ingtonelm. This event was celebrated to-day
with speech making anda parade. Among the
most interested spectators were a number of
the visiting Cuban teachers,

This evening the Common was {lliminated
and calcium lights threw the natlonal coiors
upon theelm, Thelast plece of the flreworks
was a reproduction of thestatueof Washington
which was presented to the city of Paris to-day.

DEATH THIS PEACEMAKER'S REWARD.
Killed by Blood Potsoning From a Stab Wound

Recetved in Stopping a Fight.

The peacemaker fared worst in a row
{non a restaurant at 176 Chrystie street a
week ago, He died yesterday tn Gouverneur
Hospital of the atab wound he received in trv-
ing tomend two other inen's quarrel, He was
Davia Goldberg, the restaurant keeper The
East Side knew him as Joe Davis. His nephew
and one Michael Wasozki, a recentiv pirived
Polish Jew, were the men who quarrelilad anc
the police say that the Jew did the stabbing.
Davis's wound was dressed, It didn't seein
dangerous, but blood poisoning set in. Was-
ozk: has disappeared.

TRAGEDY IN AMSTERDAM,

Joseph Striker Shoots His Nephew and Fires
Two Shots at His Nephew's Wife.

AMSTERDAM, N. Y., July 3.—Joseph Striker,
an Austrian, quarrelled with Oscar Taylor, his
nephew, this morning aod shot him in the
lower part of the body. Striker then started in

pursuitof Mrs. Taylorand shot at her twice,
neither bullet, however, taking effect. Striker
js about55 years ot age and is thought to be
mentally unbalanced He tsof the opinion that
he owns the New York Central Railroad. fle
held the police at bay with a revolver some time
before he was arrested, Taylor died at 2 0'cloek
this afternoon, He was conscious up to the
time of his death) He was 44 yearsof age and
is survived by a wife and one child,

FOR B,. R. T, RAIDERS.
Gostin Six Months, the Others Three--All
Fined Also,

Alfred A. Goslin, Eugene TL. Packer and
Charles Thomas Davis, who were convicted on
Monday of conapiracy to depreciate the mar-
ket value of the stock of the Brooklyn Rapid
Transit Company, were sentenced yeaterday by
Justice Fursinanin the criminal branch of the
Supreme Court. Goslin was sentenced to serve
six monthe in the penitentiary and pay a fine of
$500. Packer and Davis got three months and
$250 fine.

dustiee McAdam afterward granted an order
to show cause on duly 10 why a eertifieate of
reasonable doubt should not issue

JAIL

 

*Shoplifter Caught tn Tiffany's,

Blanche Preston, who is well known to the
police as a shoplifter and pickpocket, was ar-

rested yesterday as she was coming out of TYf-
fany'setorein Umon Square, A silver mate
box found in her possession was identified as
having bean taken fron trestore, In Jefferson
Market Court she was held for examination,

Three Burned itn a 42nd Street Exploston,

A gis explosion occurred in theexcavation for
the under trolley in Forty-second street near
Second avenue yesterday afternoon. There
were ten men in the trench at w rh lowering
some gas pipes and three were seriously burned
A spark from a passing car caused the explo-
sion

Haytian Minister to France Dead,
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN
Paris, July 4—-Gen. Manigat, the Haytlan
Minister to France, died suddenly this morning
in his house on the Avenue Wagram.

 

Abolishes Siberian Banishment,
Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN
Sr. Perernssi ne, duly 3 The Official Meaaen-
ger publishes an imperial ukase promulgating
the new law abolishing banishment to Siberia
@s punishment for many offences.

     

HANNA SEES M'KINLEY. | dy pep

|
|

{ the

    
  

 

PLANS MADE FOR THE NOTIFICATION
CEREMONIES ON JULY 19.

The President Tells Some Callers That He
Will Make No Speeches Dering the Cam-
paign—Banker Rittman Says the Silver
Issue Will Make Democratio Defeat Easier.

Canton, Ohio, July 8.—Senator Hanna came
to Canton to-day and was closeted this after-
hoon with President McKinley. He was ac-
companied by Fred E. Rittman, the Clevelan’
banker. As he was leaving he said:

“I came down to see the President for th
first time since the convention. 1 wanted to
tell him about some committee matters and
other things I knew he would like to hear.
But my principal business was to talk over
arrangements for the Notification Committee
on July 12."

“And those arrangements are?”

“The committee will meet in Cleveland the
Night before and come to Canton on e especial
train reaching Canton about 11 o’clock. When
Ihave delivered them here my duties are done.”

“News from Kansas City to-day is that
Bryan insists upon emphasizing silver in the
platform. What effect will that have on the
campaign?”

“Everybody knows what the effect of that

 

it?”

Comptroller of Currency Charles W. Dawee
arrived soon after noon and spent the after-
noon with Judge Day and the President. He
was on his way to Washington and sald he
had merely called to pay his respects.

Mr. Rittman sat on the front porch of Mr.

McKinley's cottage during a a | pent of the
Senator's interview with the President.

“They'll goon be tramping this down again,”
he said as he looked at the grass.

Some one remarked that the President would
not have that kind of car spain syear. “He
can't help it,” said Mr. Rittman. “The people
will come to see him in spite of any announce-
ment.”

When some one announced Bryan's le

eclaration for silver Mr, Rittman said he ho
the Democrats would make that the issue, as
they would then be still easier to defeat.

H. C, Hedges of Mansfield and the Rev. Dr.
H. C, Weakley of Cincinnati came here to get
the President to make the dedication address
for the Methodist Home for the Aged near
Springfield, but were disappointed. Mr. McKin-
ley said that he would make nos ‘hes durin,
his candidacy, but later weuld try and vis!
the Home. @ is one of the trustaes,

L. J. B. Wall of Perth, Australia, who is in
Canton buying goods for his firm, had a front

orch chat to-day with the President on the

ndustries of the two countries, during
which he congratulated Mr. McKinley on
the success that had attended his ad-

ministration and expressed the hope that the
coming election would result in his favor.
Aimong to-day's callers on Mr. McKinley were

| a number of old soldiers with inquiries about
| pensions

CuICAGO, July 3.—President McKinley has
formally accepted the invitation extended hin
by the Grand Army of the Republic toattend
the annual encampment of the organization
to be held in Chicago next month,

COX'S RESIGNATION

ACCEPTED.
Senator Hanna on His Withdrawal as Repabit-
' can Committeeman From Ohio,

CINCINNATI, July 3.--George B, Cox of this
elty, who was chosen asthe Ohio member of the
Republican National Committee at Philadelphia
and who on returning home sent his resignation

to Senator Hanna in th» interest of harmeny
to-day received trom Senator Hanna a letter in
reply. Mr. Hanna said he fully appreciated
spirit displayed by Mr. Cox in seek-
only the welfare of the party in
matter and relinquishing accordingly
the honor, that there should bé no fricdonin
the party ranks Senator Hanna speaks of
Mr. Cox's action as loyal devotion to the party's
interest and accepts the resignation.

ina
the

 

Murray Hill Republicans Ratify,

The Murray Hill Republican Club ratified the
nominations of McKimey and Koosevelt last
night with a rousing meeting at their club
rooms, Sixth avenue and Thirty-ninth street.
Jobn Sabine Smith presided, and after a brief

address of welcome introduced Hal Bell. Mr.
Bel] said that the biggest trust in the country
was Tainmany Hall and tbat no man could
reach the bench without first receiving the nod
of approval from Mr. Croker. Martin Mauer,
the chairman of the club’s campaign commit-
tee, sald that the Republicans meant to fight
day and night for the candidates nominated in
Philadelphia. Other speakers were Dr. P. H,
Murphy and Samuel Williamson, President of
the club.

Republican County Committee.

The Executive Committee of the Republican
County Committee will meet at 4 o'clock to-
morrow afternoon to arrange the programme for
the election of Gen. Francis V. Greene as Pre.t-

dent of the County Committee to-morrow
night. It will also be arranged to elect William
Hi Ten Eyck chairman of the Executive Com-
mittee, Under the rules of the County Com-
mittee no meetings of that body oan be held tn
July or August without authorization of the
Executive Committee To-morrow night's
meeting isan adjourned meeting, but as it will
be necessary to hold a number of meetings be-
tween now and August 28, when the primaries
take place, the Executive Committee will
authorize and fix the dates for these meetings.

Two to One on Mcitnley Offered,

No Brvan betting money was in sight tn the
Wall street district yesterday, and J. J. Judge,
who has $10,000 to bet on McKinley, said that
those who were} ready to furnish the money had
authorized him to change the odds from 10 to6

on McKinley and make them 2 to 1 the aame
way. For convenience, they were willing to
lace the money in Jota of $100 against $50 of
sryan imoney. Mr. Judge said that in his optin-
jon the $10,000 was only a starter, and that if
ay large amounts of Bryan money came tn evi-
denee, the McKinley men would bring forward
yery much more than that amount.

THIEF AT NATHAN STRAUS’S,

Missing Watch and Chain Discovered in a
Servant's Trank—Magistrate Holds Her,
Detective Sergeant Murphy arraigned in the
West Side police court yesterday, on a charge
of Jareeny, Agves Broderick, a servant from
the house of Nathaa Straus at 27 West Seventy-
second street The woman went {nto Mr.
Straus’s employ about two months ago, On

May 2 a gold watch and chain belonging to
Mary Schaeffer, the housekeeper, and valued
at $48, vanishedfrom herbureau Other arti-
cles, suid to be worth $200 or $300, were missed
at the same time

On Monday night the watch and chain were
dis overed in the servant's truok. The house-
keeper did not wish to make a complaint yea-
terday, but Magistrate Olmsted persuaded her
to press the charwe as it had meanwhile been
discovered that the Broderick woman had been
arrested in 1808 on @ siiuilar charge. She
pleaded not gullty, but waived examination
and wes held in $1,000 bail for trial.

Mr. and Mrs. Straus are in the country, it was
said at thelr house last night, and were ignor-
antof the thefts. Besides the watch and chain
the articles stolen consisted offehirtwaista, a
dress and pins belonging to Mrs Straus and to
afriend of hers, All of the articles had been
returned

 

 

PASSENGER TRAIN WRECKED,

Two Persons Killed and Thirty-two Injured
in Montana,

Brite, Mon, July 3.- The Montana Central
passenger train which left here at 850 last
night was wrecked on the Continental Divide
at Trask Siding, near Woodville, twelve miles

out The rails soread and the bagyage car,
smoker, day conch and a Pullman car were
ditehe |. Two persons were killed and thirty-

two injured

The dead are John Lucesttei of Great Falls
and John Kelly, & vears old, of Balt Lake.
Among the injured are Charles Phelps of Chi-
cago, D. Dewey, Jr, of Boston, H.R. Hoffman
of Buffulo and S. W, Scott of Chicago

Robbed by a Trick,

Joseph Hassell of 390 Decatur street, Brook-
lyn, went tothe Franklin Trust Company at
Montacue and Clinton streeta at 3 o'clock yes-
terday afternon to deposit $25 A young man
dropped a billon the floor in front of Hassell
and the latter stooped to pick {t up. When he
straightened up again his bank book and 9250
were gone. So was the voune man. Haasell
guve the police at Brookiyn Headquarters a
description of the thief,

Missing Mrs. Owens Found in the River,

Mrs, Winifred Owens of 423 Tenth avenue left
her home on Monday night, saying that she was
«olng to Newark to see her mother. Her body
was found in the North River near Houston street
Yyestercay, There were no marks of violence
on it and $18 16 the woman had when she lett
home was still in her pocket. Her busband,
n how

who identi! the bod idn’t
Bia wite had fadion into the river,
4

se

   
  
   

   

   
  

ya half century

in business, in Fulton
Street, we do not be-
lieve there is anything

as good as the straight
pl sh

Old
Crow

Rye

“Is built that way.”*
Comparison would be convincing,

HL BL KIRK &C0,, Sole Bottlera, W-1,

  

 

 

   

LOST GIRL FROM CONNECTICUT,

Misses Her Friends tn a Crowd at the Briéga,
and Drifts Up to Harlem.
William C. Collins of 830 West 10sth.etrest,
appeared last night at the West 125th
police sution in company with a good-
young girl whom he had found on an elevated:
train looking for her relatives. The girl, whe

 

was about 19 years old, said that her name
was Mamie Jones, and that she arrived yester=
day morning from West Brighton, Conn, with
her brother-in-law, Henry Hall, and her sister.
She lost them in the crowd at the Bri

trance when all three were going over to rook
lyn, She drifted over to Park place, an =
understanding the directions given to °
boarded a Sixth avenue tralp.

Sergt. Crowley questioned both Collins and
the girl closely before he permitted the former
to leave the station. The girl was placed in
eare of the matron, She did not know the
uddress to which her relutives were going.

AUNGER HIS EXCUSE FOR STEALING.

Bat the Magistrate Doesn't Believe the Youth
Who Robbed Banker Brooks's Wife.

Barney Goodrich, who snatched Mrs. Ernest
Brooks's pocketbook in Madison avenue on
Monday, was remanded in Jefferson Market
court yesterday, Mra. Brooks not being present
to prosecute. He said that he was only 15
years old and dad been tempted to steal be-
cauge he had been discharged from a drug store
in The Bronx two montis ago and had been
unable to obtain work since. He had not eaten
for twenty-four hours when he robbed Mr,
Brooks, he said. Magistrate Deuel, after ex-
amining the boy, came to the conclusion that
he was lying, and held the fellow till the police
could find out more about him,

—

HIGHWAYMAN TOOK HIS CLOTHES.
Baumgert Was Compelied to Strip at the
Point of a Revolver.

HACKENSACK, N. J, July 8.-Ernest Baumgert
of 162 East Houston street, New York} city,
aroused Justice M. W. Heath at 8 o'clock this
morning and told him a story about being
held up. He said that while waiting fora West
Shore train at East Englewood Gepot late last
night he was accosted by a rough-looking man
with a revolver and told to strip. Being un-
armed he had to submit and was robbed of his
entire outfit, including his shoes and stockings,
The highwayman was considerate enough to

ive a portion of his wardrobe in exchange, but

be garments were a sad rmisilt.

WHERE 18 MARGARET WEINHOL?
Father Asks the Police to Look for Her—Left
Home on Monday Carrying a Parcel.

The police sent out a general alarm yesterday
for Margaret Weinhol, 19 years old, who bas
been missing from her father’s home at 7 West
Ninety-eighth street since Monday afternoon.
Neighbors saw her leave the house then with a
small packet under her arm. The girl kept house
for herfather and brother. Her father said last

ight that he was utterly unable to account for
her disappearance. No loveaffair could have
anything to do with it, he asserted emphatl-
ca

ys

 

 

CASPER TERESNIK CONVICTED.

 

Verdict Was Marder in the Second Degree—
He Killed Capt, Biddiecum,

Casper Teresnik, 19 years old, who killed Capt.
Willard E. Biddiecum of the canalboat Ivy at
Jersey City on April 15, was convicted yester-
day of murder in the second degree, Teresnik
confessed hia crime, but testified that he had
been drinking heavily and had no recollection
of the event. On cross-examination he broke
down and gave all the details of the tragedy.
Justice Lippincott remanded him for sentence.

 

 

 

Dr. Kinyoun Not Guilty of Contempt.

San FRANCISCO, July 3.--Judge Morrow of the
United States Circuit Court ended the bubonie
plague farce to-day by a decision that Dr, Kin-
youn, Federal Quarantine officer, was not

ulltv of contempt. Kinyoun was arraigned
or alleged violation of the Judge’s Injunotion
against restraining any one from entering or
leaving Chinatown. Colorado and Texas aiill
keep in ferce their absurd quarantine against
San Francisco.

Teutonic Taken Off,

Manager John Lee of the White Star Line ree
ceived word from Liverpool yesterday that the
steamship Teutonic, which was scheduled to
sail from Liverpool for this port to-day, would

be unable to do 60 because of a flaw discovered
in her rudder post She would have sailed
from New York on July 18 Passengers who
engaged berths in her have been notified that
they can sail by the steamship New England,
from Boston, on the same date

British Bhip’s Hard Luck Voyage.

San Francisco, July %—The British ship
Fingal, upon which 10 per cent. reinsuranoe had

been offered, arrived to-day after a voyage of
146 davs from Calcutta. The boatawain fell
from aloft and was killed, the carpenter and
seamen were injured by an explosion and the
carpenter died during the voyage.

Saratoga Guest Locked Up for Stealing a Horse

SaraToaa, July 3-—-John F. Hurst, aged 80
years, of Baltimore, who has been a guest at

the United States Hotel, was to-day locked up
for grand larceny for stealing a horse and run-
about and driving to Glens balls, where he was
captured

Ths Weather.

The pressure was low yesterday over all the coun
try, excepton the Atlantic and North Pactie coasta
There was astorm centre ovr Nebraska, and an
other passing eastward over the Lakeregions, The
latter will cause warmer weather here, with some
cloudiness and possibly « thunderstorm toward night
It was oudy and threatening yesterday over the
Lake regions, Miinesota, Wisconsin and the Dakotas,
with thundershowers ‘There were also showers in
the Northern part of the middle Atlantic States; else-
where the weather was generally fair. It was grow-
ing warmer in nearly all the States,

In this efty the day was partly cloudy, with Mgnt
showers toward night; wind brisk to fresh south to
southeast; average humidity, 54 per cent.; barometer
corrected to read to sea level, atS A. M., 30.18; 3 P
M, 80,07.

The temperature as recorded by the ofMfctal ther-
mometer and awo by THR SUN'S thermometer at the
street level, is shown tn the annexed table

 

—OMetal-. Sun's —OMclals Sun's.
1900. 1499. Lvov luou, Lave, 1000,
9A.M 71 72° 75°; OP, M.71° aoe 7°
12M....75° 4) 75°| OP. M.71° 76° 96°
3p. M 73° A4 77°12 Mid. 75? 78° 7

WASHINGTON FORECAST POR TO-DAY AND To
MORROW,

For New England, showers, followed by falr today
fair Thursday, with cooler In the Interlor; fresh &
brisk south, shifting to northwest winds

For eastern New York, showers 0-day with cooler t
north portion; falr Thursday: ' risk south, shifting
northwest winds.

For ¢astern Pennsylvania, New Jersey and ©
ware, showers, followed by fair today; partly clot
and cooler Thursday: fresh west winds,

Por the District of Columtia and Maryland, cor
ued warm weather, with showers to day; falr ks
cooler Thursday; light to fresh southwest shif@in
northwest winds 1

For western Pennsylvania and western New YS
cooler, with showers, followed by fair to-day}
‘Shusedeg, Grek pew wy ayithnest elode

oy.

_

<-

Wa ee

|
|
|

 

a ee

Fence

—

'
\