eet

a eee
SED Pe gee es =

ES ne

See ener

 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
   
 
 
 
 
   

art ee eee

 

 

  
 

DAILY, per Year...+
SUNDAY, per Year...
DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Year..
DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Month...
Postage to foreiga countries added.
THe SuN, New York City.

PARIS~Kiosque No. 12, near Grand Hotel, and
Kiosque No. 10, Boulevard des Capucines.

 
 
 
  

19 our friends who favor us with manuscripts for
publication wish to have rejected articles returned, they
muet in all cases send stamps for that purpose.

 

 

 

 

 

The Nation's Birth Certificate.

In varying styles of chirography but with
uniform patriotism and courage, fifty-six
Americans and expansionists put their
names, one hundred and twenty-five years
ago, to the Declaration of Independence.

The fifty-six signers represented States
of the lucky number of thirteen.

This Fourth of July the flag that is the
emblem of the nation created by the mas-
terly penmanship of the fifty-six expan-
sionista of 1776 floats over fifty-three States
and Territories, counting Porto Rico as one,
Hawall as one, and the Philippines as one.

There are already almost as many States
and Territories under the Stars and Stripes
as there were signers.

In Manila the same as in Omaha, in Ponce
the same as in Portland, Oregon, and tn
Honolulu, just as in Jacksonville, New
Orleans or Galveston, the presence of the
flag to-day marks the fulfilment of the pur-
pose of the authors of the Deolaration of
Independence, and the development of the
idea inherent in their creative act and in-
separable from its consequences.

For the very last declaration of the glori-
ous document we now proceed to celebrate,
the final clause savo only the invocation of
Divine Providence and the mutual pledge of
the signers to stand by their signatures,
is the declaration not only of withdrawal
from allegiance to the British Crown, but
also of the full power of the State then
born “ to do all Acts and Things which Inde-
pendent Statea may of right do.”

And one of those things is the right to
grow and expand as destiny and progres-
sive events decree,

The Issue of a Word.

In the Republican National Convention
of 1896 there was a great contest over a
word—“gold.” Should it be put in the
platform, or should the Republican party
declare merely for “sound money,” for the
“preservation of the nation’s credit and the
honest payment of its debts in full?”

A large portion of the anti-free silver
faction argued that, their views on money
being known and the specific mention of
gold being offensive to the silver men, it
would be safer not to mention it, If
there were gudgeons to be caught that
was the hook. But gold was put in the
platform, and all doubt of Republican sin-
oerity was dispelled.

The Democrats are now in the same
‘atruggle over the word silver. They are
divided on saying flatly what they are for,
namely, “free coinage of silver at 16 to 1.”
The trimmers want to leave it out andre-
assert the Chicago platform in bulk. They
gay that the silver men will have what they
want there, and that a more emphatic
statement of faith will drive off some Gold
Democratio bolters who want to return,
Oddly enough these prodigals were the
most insistent in demanding that the Re-
publican platform of 1896 should say the
word “gold.” To omit that, they declared
mightily, would be subterfuge too low for
their support, They appeal to the Kansas
City Convention for such a subterfuge now,

The issue in the Democratic party, there-
fore, is whether it will prove itself the equal
or the inferior of the Republicans in the
frankness with which it declares its prin-
ciples.

It would be a tremendous handicap upon
the Democracy if it should show itself
inferior to the Republicans in this respect;
and because of his undisputed bossship over
his party, this question will have to be
determined finally by the Democratic
candidate, WILLIAM JENNINGS Bryan. He
is on trial as he never was in his life.

 

 

Is It Wise to Extinguish the Boer
Republics?

In the July number of the North Amert-
can Review there is a striking article on the
course that ought to be pursued with the
Transvaal and Orange Free State. The
writer, Mr. 8S. OC. CRONWRIGHT-SCAREINER,
is the husband of OLIVE ScHREINER, author
of ‘The Story of an African Farm," and
sister of the Hon, W. T. ScureiNer, lately
Prime Minister of Cape Colony. There is
no doubt that he represents the views and
feelings of the Boers and of the Afrikanders,
for which reason his suggestions and warn-
ings ought to receive attention.

It is Mr, CRONWRIGHT-SCHREINER'S cCon-
viction that England for her own sake ought
to keep the promise originally made on her
behalf by Lord Satissuny, Mr. CHampEr-
LAIN and the Duke of Devonshire, when
they asserted that they had no intention
of depriving the South African republies
of their independence. They were going
to war, said those Ministers, simply to
secure an equitable franchise which
would enable the Uitlanders tn the Trana-
vaal to work out their own salvation.
Now, however, that the war is nearly
over, we are told that the republics
we to be annexed and to be governed
either by a military council or as Crown
Colonies. Waiving the question whether,
under the circumstances, annexation {s
morally right, Mr. CRONWRIGHT-SCHREINER
undertakes to prove that {t will bea mis-
take, even from the viewpoint of enlight-
ened selfishness. He points out that in
South Africa the Dutch already outnumber
the British by 170,000, and that this numeri-
oal superiority is certain to be increased,
because the Dutch form the stable element
of the population and are remarkably pro-
fife. Hitherto only a small fraction of the
Afrikanders, as the Dutch of the Cape Colony
are called, has aided with the Boers, but
Mr, CRONWRIGHT-SCHREINER predicts that,

_ if the two republics are annexed, all the
_ Dutch in South Africa will be welded into

“~~ pone hostile people. This means that the
enexs

the Dutch in South Africa take
the it will be with at least 130,000 men,
janstead of 50,000, in which event their
; gubjugation will prove extremely dificult,
Aund, indeed, impossible, should England at
‘he time chance to be involved in war with
o
of European Power.

““p® What, then, is the Britiah Government to

0? In jt to imitate the aot of self-eacrifice

 
 

i Predionda shen digialA gr

 

which Mr. Giapstonn performed in 1881,
and for which he has been bitterly de-
nounced? Is the outpour of blood and
treasure to go for nothing, and are the
Boer republics to be left precisely where
they were at the beginning of the con-
test? The author of the article in the
Review would not go so far as that. He
would have adequate precautions taken
against arenewal of the war, and he
would exact the electoral reform which
was the pretext for Mr. CHAMBERLAIN'S
aggressive attitude, He thinks that England
might reasonably insist upon three guaran-
tees against any future disturbance of the
peace in South Africa. In the first place,
she might assume complete control of the
external relations of the republics; secondly,
she might prescribe a five years’ retrospec-
tive franchise for both States,and place the
Dutch and English languages on an equal-
ity; in the third place,she might require
disarmament, so far as forts and big guns
are concerned; rifles, on the other hand,
should not be touched, and sufficient can-
non should be allowed to quell risings on the
part of the Kaffirs,

Such precautions against future trouble
being taken, Mr. CRONWRIGHT-SCHREINER
would have England leave the Boer com-
monwealths alone. He would have her
stand by her declaration that “ she sought
no gold fields and wanted no territory,”
but only an equitable franchise. If she
would do this, she might look forward to
regaining ultimately the good will of the
Boers, andshe would certainly retain the
loyal attachment of the Afrikanders in the
Cape Colony, most of whom have been
faithful to her throughout the present war.
Indeed, the Afrikanders may be said to
have saved South Africa for the Empire,
for, had they chosen to codperate with
their Boer kinsmen, they could have
increased the force opposed to England by
from 70,000 to 80,000 men. As a matter of
fact, it was an Afrikander Ministry at Cape
Town, which, {n 1898, carried unanimously
a vote of $150,000 a year for the British fleet,
and handed over Simon's Town, the most
important fortifled naval station in the
southern hemisphere, to the Imperial au-
thoritles, It 1s also to be borne in mind
that, before the outbreak of the present
contest, over two hundred meetings, repre-
senting the whole Dutch population of the
Cape Colony, were held in favor of peace,
and that since hostilities began the Ministry,
headed by Mr. W. T. ScCHREINER, called out
all the Colonial volunteer and police forces
and turned them over, together with the
telegraphs and railways, to the representa-
tives of the Empire.

In view of these facts, it seems absurd to
assert that there has been a Pan-Afrikander
conspiracy in the past. There may be one
in the future, however, if the Boer republics
are annexed and governed by a military
council, or treated as Crown Colonies,
which, {t {s well known, possess only the
semblance of free institutions.

Talking and Silent Ambassadors.

In acknowledgment of the LL.D. sheep-
skin given him by Harvard, Lord Pauncr-
FOTE made a pleasant and courteous speech
at the Commencement Dinner the other
day. That feast is pretty Spartan and it
takes good Spartan pluck to stand some
of the speeches by which it is followed
Lord Pauncerote did very well. An
Ambassador should speak, but seldom;
and he is always safe if he confines himself
to the commonplace. Lord PAUNCEFOTR
has not been less respected, but more,
probably, during his residence in this coun-
try for his habitual abstention from oratory.
To be sure, letter writing may be a more
serious diversion, as his unfortunate prede-
cessor found; but Lord Parncerorp has
been at least as diligent and competent
a representative of Great Britain as he
would have been ff he had poured himself
out frequently at public dinners,

Why must the American Ambassador
at the Court of St. James's occupy a lonely
place among all diplomatic representatives?
Why has it become one of his main activi-
ties and functions to be a public speaker,
a cornerstone layer, a conventional retailer
of oratory and jest at banquets in Great
Britain? We are not referring to our ao-
complished and aniable friend, the Hon.
Joseru HopGrs CHOATE, who follows an
unfortunate precedent. We merely ask
why whoever happens to be American
Ambassador to Great Britain should be a
sort of itinerant preacher on a doubtful
text, the relations between the United
States and England. Lord Lyons and
Sir Epwarp THORNTON did not devote
themselves to that sort of work when they
were at Washington. Lord PAuNCEFOTE
has said no more in public than he abso-
lutely had to say.

The Austrian Ambassador and the French
Ambassador in London do not grow poetical
over the ties that ought to bind their conn-
tries and Great Britain. It is only the
American Ambassador to Great Britain
that is sent abroad tq spout. Dr. Warr
has something pleasar® to say to or of the
Germans occasionally and Gen. PorTren
is not absolutely dumb; but the great
stream of international molasses flows
ever from the American Ambassador to
Great Britain.

It is not always 80 sweet when it reaches
this country. That courtly gentleman
and shrewd old lawyer, RevERpy JoHNson,
was thought to slop over when he rose to
his after-dinner legs in London. Mr,
BaYakp's utterances about the protective
system and the politics of the United States
and his celebration of Mr, CLEVELAND as
the ruler of a violent people gave deep
offence at home. Mr. Lowg.u, until his
late middle age an untamed and a bel-
ligerent American, lost something of his
national raciness among his fine friends
{in London and the country houses, and
was disliked {n consequence by a good
many of his oountrymen. Had Mr. Lowguu
been debarred by the regulations of the
State Department from uttering speeches
other than on mere literary and artistic and
ornamental occasions and from making any
reference to politics or international affairs,
his usefulness as an American Minister
might have been increased,

Mr. CuoaT# is speaking constantly and
doubtless with satisfaction to his immediate
hearers; but, it must be said in all kindness,
he harps too much upon his theme. He has
even misrepresented his countrymen as to
the Venezuela controversy; and he is always
liable to offend many of them by his well-
meant but not always too carefully con-
sidered speeches. More than that, the
continual celebration by the American
Ambassador of the good relations between
England and the United States tends to
give foreign nations an incorrect notion
of the facts. There is no special friend
lineas between these countries. Interee.
is the only real tie between nations, ard
that ie liable to vary. Eloquence, born of
a@ good dinner and eupeptio habit, tals
too much. International good will is not

greatly promoted by the remarks of
¢

\
|

ee

man saying pleasant things after a pleasant |
dinner.

There is no one much to blame in the
matter, but the habit should be changed.
The American Ambassador to Great Britain
might speak at certain occasions just as
the German Ambassador to the United
States spoke at Harvard University and at
the University of Chicago, but he should
be instructed not to make himself too com-
mon. If he were as frugal a cultivator
of eloquence as Lord PAUNCEFOTE, no
harm would be done. Indeed, good would
be done, Nobody in the United States
or in Great Britain would be wearied or
disgusted by the continuous bubbling of
international compliment.

It would be a deprivation to the British
public if such a change as we propose should
come in Mr. CuHoatr’s time; but come
some time it will, The United States will
find that silence or rare speech is the more
dignified part for even its most honey-
larynxed Ambassador.

 

A Clouded Anniversary.

Yesterday was the anniversary of the
Battle of Santiago, the deciding contest in
our war with Spain, in which Admiral Samp-
8ON’S fleet destroyed the vessels of CERVERA.
It was a crushing victory, and brilliant,
and it closed a campaign by our Atlantio
Navy which brought forward many men
distinguished above their fellows for gallant
and valuable service.

Yet this occasion for national pride and
the cheerful giving of rewards has been fo)-
lowed by anasty outburst of vituperation
and a denial of all the honors due, because
Rear Admiral Scuiey and his friends,
seeking to reverse the rules of naval war-
fare and to suppress the actual facts as to
himself, have attempted to push him to
the front as the Commander entitled to vice
tory's laurels, They have abused Admiral
Sampson like a pickpocket, alleging first
against him that his report that the victory
had been won “ by the fleet under my com-
mand" was false and vainglorious. The
fleet offloers, excepting Scu.ry, have pub-
licly protested against this injustice to
the best of their ability by hailing Sampson
as ‘our Commander at Santiago."’ Finally,
a Federal Court has given the testimony
of the law that the Santiago fleet was
under Sampson. But the promotions and
rewards assigned for the victory and the
campaign preceding it have not been acted
upon by the Senate because of the venomous
Schley crusade.

And what a character {t ts for which this
outrage has been perpetrated! ScHLEY
himself dare make no challenge of the offl-
cial record that shows him unworthy of
command and guilty of an act of positive
dishonesty, and his brothers in arms, the
Santiago Captains, have said with one voice
that the honor and good of the service
require that no officer be rewarded until
he cleans himself of the smirch that rests
on SCHLEY.

Since the decision of the Court referred to
above, the Portland Oregonian has remarked
that “the Schley-Sampson controversy is
settled.’’ Settled, with a grievous wrong
unredressed and the Navy humiliated? The
American people are not in the habit of
settling things that way.

They who maintain that Sam Bow es of the
Springfield Republican is incapable of under-
standing or assimilating the ideas of THe SuN
on any subject whatsoever, or of profiting
journalistically in any respect by its teachings,
are teetotally mistaken.

 

The Hon. BENJAMIN FRANKLIN SHIVELY of
Indiana {s by far the most beautiful person yet
“mentioned " asthe Democratic candidate for
Vice-President. That {s, if he looks like the
photographs of him, which show a fine poetical
face. The Hon. Jim Ham Lewis, the Washing-
ton Pink, who got 11 votes for the noinina-
tion for Vice-President '» the Democratic
National Convention July 11, 1898, 1s more
flamboyant but less stately. The Hon. JoHn
Jacop Lentz of Ohlo ts an inferior repiica of
Bryan. The Hon. Jonn Warwick DANIRL of
Virginia has a fine old-fashioned tragic coun-
tenance. Most of the New York = candi-
dates are pulchritudinous, and the Hon.
Davip Bennett Hint has a beautiful bald
head. The Hon. Bata Hovse JonN, the Chi-
cago poet-statesman, calls the Hon, CARTER
HARRISON “the Apoller B of Cook county.”
CHARLIE Towne, the Siiver Gopher of the
Zenith City, looks like a college tutor. Col.
Mosk WETMORE of St. Louis te arand, gloomy
and peculiar, as @ man has to look when he
wants to bulldoze the Octopus.

But the pearl, the flower, the crown, the
palm, the cake, the bun, the tip and turret of all
pulchritude is Col. Jim Gurrey of Pennsyl-
vania. He is a vision and a delight. If the
delegates once see him, the ticket will be Bryan
and Gurrey, the Peerleas and the Matchless.

 

We are ready for everything from soup to finger
bowls.—TAe Hon. BATH House JOHN,

Mr. JoHn and other Democratic statesmen
Tony as well resign themselves tosoup. It is all
that they will get, or, rather, it will get them.

A leader in Western Democratio sentiment,
the Kansas City Times, a Stalwart advocate of
plain speech at Kansas City, asks bluntly:
‘Who would be deceived by the omission of the
words 16 to 1, when, even if not mentioned,
they were reaffirmed and indorsed?”

No one would be deovived actually; but there
are some voters, mainly politicians, who think
that the general public would be deceived sufi-
clently to enable them to ‘‘save their face” in
abandoning the high principle for which they
pretended they bolted Bryan four years ago,
That ts about all there is in the movement fora
* modification " of the Chicago platform,

 

The Bryan Minstrels of Lincoln are a glorious
show in Missouri and ought to play in the Rast,

An impresstve part of their uniform isthe enor- |

mous umbrella which each member carries, He
isexpected to open it every time that Bryan
opens his tear ducts over AGUINALDO, the fall
of liberty and the fall of silver.

A melancholy despatch to the Evening Poat
sbows that there is exactly one just man in Kan-
sas City, The Hon. Eowarp O. Brown of Chi-
cago, oneof the Hon, Epw1in Burritt Smrru's
anti-imperialist missionarfes{s described as the
only man in the town “who has the cause
strongly at heart for its own sake.”” The Demo-
crats are ready to yell for anti-imperialism, but
their hearts are for silver or for the offlces
and many of them are expansionists.

The Hon. Tom JOHNSON, plutocrat, bas torn
himself away from Paris and {s serving Bryan-
ism and the single tax as a delegate at Kansas
City. Tom ts a notorious wag, but he has now
outdone himself and reached the topmost
height of facetiousness. Tom says that the
Peerless is “too conservative.”

 

Phosphorescent Laminosity of a Sea Crab.
From the Lahore Tribune.

One of the marine curiosities recently fished
from the bottom of the Indian Ocean by a dredg-
ing vessel in the employ of the Calcutta Society
of Natural History was a mammoth sea crab,
which continually emitted a bright white light
similafto that seen in the spasmodic flashes o
phospborescent luminosity kindled by our come-
mon glowworms. The oddity was capturedin
the daytime and placed in a large tank, nothing

cullar except its immense size being noticea-
in the broad glare of the tropical sun. At

t, however, when all was pitchy darkness,

the orah suprised the naturalists by lighting up
#0 that all ro eeoer sea creatures,

great and small, could be plainly seen.

 

THE SUN, WEDNESDAY, JULY 4, 1900.

IN SOUTH AFRICA.

 

Lord Roberts is still engaged completing his
dispositions for the surrounding of the Free
State burghers. Gen, Hunter has arrived at
Frankfort in the Free State sixty miles north of
Bethlehem, where President Steyn has estab-
lished the State capital since a few weeks back.
Gen. Rundlo is reported to hold the gap to the
south between Winburg and Ficksburg with
sufficient force to prevent the burghers break~-
ing through, and Gen. Methuen appears to be
moving frow the westward, as he has reported
to Lord Roberts from Paardekraal, about half
way between Heilbron and Kroonstad, the cap-
ture, among others, of Andries Wessels, a lead-
ing man tn the Afrikander Bond. The de-
tails of other movements are meagre, but they
are sufficient to show that a very large part of
the army under Lord Roberts's command is
now converging on the foree under Gen, De
Wet, whose chance of escape seems growing
smaller every day, the strength of the various
divisions moving against it being about in the
same proportion as that which penned in
Gen, Cronje at Paardeberg. It is apparent
from Lord Roberts's report that great destitu-
tion exists among the families of the burghers
in the field and of those that have submitted,
which would naturally be the case, seeing that,
in order to bring the war to an end, the British
military authorities have seized or destroyed
all supplies of grain and fodder and taken away
the horses and cattle to prevent thelr falling
into the hands of Gen, Do Wet's commandos.
There is nothing from the Transvaal except the
report that the Boers have decided to maintain
their hold of the De Kaap Mountains, through
which the railway east of Machadodorp passes
to Koomatipoort and Delagoa Bay, with which
communication continues uninterrupted.

The most important event in the political sit-
uation in Cape Colony is the final rupture of re-
lations between Mr. Schreiner and Mr. Hof-
meyr, the President and leader of the extreme
section of the Afrikander Bond,

 

W. S. Gilbert, Stage Manager.

From the London Daily Chronicle,

A good deal has been heard lately of Mr.
Gilbert's autocratic stage management of his
own plays, and it must be admitted that he ts
generally in the right. He has a caustic method
with actors and actresses who differ from him
At arehearsal of Trial by Jury,’’ in which the

plains has to produce from her pocket a stock-
ng, which is supposed to form part of her Wrous-
seau, the lady who represented the plaintiff
objected on the grounds of the {mpropriety of
the thing. "Very funny,” Mr. Gilbert retorted;
“whenever any one shows @ stocking on the
stage it ts considered improper, unless it has a
tog inside it.”

during the rehearsals of another play at the
St. James's Theatre a few years ago, Mr. Gil-
bert had his patieavce sorely tried by an actress
who insisted upon altering the text “Stay! let
me speak,” which accompanied a hurri ene
trance to the stage, into “Stay! stay! let me
speak.”” She considered this to be an improve-
ment. Mr. Gilbert did not. The last time
she uttered it Mr. Gilbert remarked,
Miss -————, you aye wrong again; itisn’t ‘Stay,
stay,’ {t's ‘Stay!’ one stay, nota pair of stays.”
gnle was the last time she departed from “the

wok,"

“No,

 

 

Allah, Not the English.

From the London Standard.

I remember some five years ago I wasup the
Nile, away from big towns, and had a long talk
with various sheiks and omdehs of villages. I
was the only Westerner present, and we all
knew aod trusted each other ina wey. l asked
{tf taxes were lighter. “Yes,” was the answer.
“Is water fairly distributed?” “Yes,"’ “Are the
soldiers paid properly?’ “"Yes,”’ / Can you get
justice agninst a Pasha?” “Yes.”’ “And who
did all this?’’ I finally asked, expeoting to be
told it was the English. There was silence;
they are neverina hurry, Thenan old sheik
answered: “Allah.”

Waiting for a Mount Vernon Car,

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN. Sir’ A recital
of my experience yesterday on the Union Rallway,
the trolley line which serves ThefBronx, may prove of
interest to your readers. If some of the people who
are compelled to put up with the wretched service
given by that company will do Ukewhse something
along reform lines may result.

Accompanied by my mother and niece lI boarded a
car at 138th street and St. Ann's avenue, Transfers
for a Mount Vernon car were given us by request At
Third avenue and 154th street, where one makes the
transfer, we found from 75 to 100 persons
with Mount Vernon transfers waiting for cats which
an inspector calmly @ssured us were running “every
little while,”

‘Two Mount Vernon cars~they always rua then fo
twos, threes and fours during heavy traMe~ appeared
inten minutes, Both were so crowded that another
person vould not grt

We waited unth tluee ‘pairs’ passed and all were
Jainmed. This took 30 minutes, No shelter is con
venient and we were exposed to the very hot aun,
Despairing of wetting a car there we walked to 187th
street. No improvement. We gradually worked our
way over the Mar'em Riverto the 120th street loop
There we found at ljeast 200 persons walting for
Mount Vernon ears

Aft twenty milautes’ walt and several desperate
efforts W get aboard and harrow escapes from acct
dent, | managed to get seats for my mother and
Biece, Twas obliged to stand

Lhe car was 80 Crowded that {t had reached 137th
street before the conductor had a chance to ask for
our fares, I tendered him the three transfers, He
decitned to accept them, “You got on over the
bridge,"” he sald. “You must pay or get off."

We were then within haifa block of the transfer
potnt. Tknew he had no right wo pul me of and de
Hed him, An inspector was called. He joined in the
demand to getomt, Seeing that force must be used
they consulted and the conductor, whose uvumber I
did notart—the var was No. 166 -declared be would
have 4 polloeman lock me up.

At 198th street he consulted with a second Inspee
tor and was evidently Iustructed to take ny transfer,
These he accepted at 156th street, If tranfers are
good at 156th street, why not at 137th street?

During my controversy Tyuletly got the names of
& Barnett, 1872 Second avenie; Frank Frederick,
236 West 120th, and ©. Miser, 446 West 52d, in case
I might need witnesses in police or efytl courts

Cannot something be done to compel more cats to be
run? Does nota transfer carry the right to ride with
{na reasonable time? Tf passengers tusist on some
measure of their legal rights, would It not work for re
form’? L[have little sympathy with attacks on cor
porstionsasarule, It would seein to me. however,
4 policy rather questionable to continue such treat
mentas the people of The Wrong now receive from
the Union Railway, Jt gives anarchists ond discon
tented persons generally food for thetr propagane 4.

On my way home from’ Mount Vernon ad even
more trouble jgetting a car and, leaving there at
7:30 o'clock, did Not reach 188th street until 12:20
A M. Several hund were walling in Mount

1 peopl
Vernon for cars when

1 left
GEORGE H.
$00 St. ANN'’S AVENUE

GORDON,

Join the City Improvement Society,

To THE EvIvoR OF THE SUN—Sir: I am glad
to see that Mr. Hallett appreciates the City Improve-
ment Soclety aud | hope he has become a member
of it.

This society ought to have a thousand members tn-
stead of less than one hundred, as it now has; it needs
an income large enough to employ constantly an
attorney at law to enforce agatnst persistent law-

breakers the penalties provided by the statute’, and
particularly against the policemen and police cap

tains who “did not seem to be interested” tn perform

ing thelr duty, of whom there are altogether too
many and§whose number would have become mucip
smaller if sectlons 154 and 1,422 of the Penal Code
were used against them as they should be.

Our citizens support many charitable and social
organizations for the General good; let them come
forward and strengthen this one, The dues are only
$10 per annum-—-a trifle to many~—and the benefits to
the general public can hardly be measured.

Make out checks to order of J. C. Pumpetty, Secre-
tary, 12 East Twenty-third street

1455 BROADWAY.

A. B. SMITH

The English Ritaaltsts and the Real Presence,
From the St. James's Gazette.

The English Church Union held tts annual meet
ings yesterday tn the Church House, Westminster.
Lord Halifax presided, and after referriug to the pro
posals for a conference between the varlous parties tn
the Church on the questions now in dispute, moved
the adoption of a declaration reaffirming the belief of
the members of the Union that ‘in the Sacrament of
the Lord's Supper the bread and wine, through the
operation of the Holy Ghost, become in and by con-
secration, according to our Lord's institution, verily
and indeed the body and blood of Christ, and that
Christ our Lord, present In the most holy Sacrament
of the altar under the form of bread and wine, {s to be
worshiped and adored.’ The declaration was
adopted, and resolutions were afterward carried

approving of the proposal for a conference for mutual
explanation, and declaring that the Church cannot
discharge her responsibilities unless she herself freely
‘nlerprets ber own formulartes.

 

Harvard Overseer From the West,

From the Chicago Times- Herald,

In the preliminary postal ballot for names to be
voted foron commencement day the Western grad-
uates gave Mr. Hill such a strong indorsement that
bis name headed the list

Having heard from the West, the Boston con
Angent took up the voting last Wednesday between
the hours of 10 and 4 o'clock In Massachusetts Hall,

with the following result;

Samuel Hill, '79, Minme@polls......ccceveeesesccee S71
Senator Hoar, '46, Worcester. .. . 400
Bishop Lawrence, ‘71, Cambridge.......++++096....708

   
 

 

THE TROUBLES IN CHINA.

The View of One Whe Deems It Inconsistent
te Enforce Our Religions on Others.

To THE Epitor or Tae SuN—Sir; If there
is one predominant purpose in the Constitution
and laws of our country it is found in their
complete abstention from any indorsement or
backing of a religious idea. Almost every na-
tion, anclent and modern, thought {t wisest to
Join a Church to the State and In that way
reach and govern the morals of its people
through creeds, dogmas and persecutions. The
earliest and completest revolt from this theory
of government was effected in our Constitution,
although attempts to get an amending wedge
into it recognizing the Church are still made
from time to time--one as recently as Jan, 25,
1894, by Senator Frye in the Senate and Repre-
sentative Morse in the House, It will be a long
time, however, before such an amendment can
be inserted and every year of enlightening sci-
enoe makes it less probable.

The Constitution now protects any and every
religious congregation, as it would protect any
aggregation of individuals for any lawful pur-
pose. But does it not seem that our participa-
tion in the suppression of the Boxers of China,
whose grievance and protest is mostly against
the work of the Christian missionaries, is very
like anational backing up of the Churches and
their emissaries? If the ardent American re-
ligionists of 80 many varying Christian sects are
each and all savafied of the absolute and unique
truth of their own particular Church, why
should they not take the risk of their teachings
in foreign hostile lands? Why should the
United States exact by treaty that they shall
remain where they are not wanted?

The religion of China isa State affair, a tra-
dition of probably 6,000 years, modified, as
everything is by tine, but free from frequent
radical changes and protected by many ancient
superstitions. For a Chinaman to leave his
joss and his adorable Confucius would be like
an American turning dervish or, at best, Parsee,
He would be unhappily egregious until a suffi-
elent number had joined him in his apostasy to
make life endurable. A Chinaman’s religion
has many good points; he regards our non-
observance of our fifth commandment as athe-
ism. He cannot adopt a religion that looks
with approval at running arailroad througha
graveyard or at erecting poles and wires to ob-
struct the free passage of disembodied spirits,
Have we no superstitions that we cannot reapect
his? The profound, transmitted faith of an an-
cient people interwoven Into their Government
and into every habitof individual thought takes
centuries to change, unless hastened by whole-
sale murders and rivers of blood. The four hun-

‘dred millions of Chinese learned a lesson

from their brief war with Japan and they will
be converted from within to fight the foreign
devils with fire. They are fast learning to drill
and to use firearms.

It should be the policy of the United States to
let certain business men, persistent mission-
aries and their entanglements take care of
themselves, when the present troubles have
been settied. There is no logic tn the notion
that enterprising promoters can change the face
of that Emryire with railroads, or that enthusi-
asts can upset the religion, and that when pro-
tests and revolutions naturally ensue those
who have caused the troubles are justified In
calling for the army and navy of the United
States to protect thelr enterprises at the cost
of thousands of American lives and nundreds of
millions of dollars.

There seem to be no exceptions from revolu-
tions and wars where new ideas and new rell-
gions are attempted with old peoples, The bis-
tories of Mexico, Peru, Florida and the coun-
tries of Europe, which fanaticism might repeat
in our day, were stories of successive scenes of
bloody butcheries of tens of thousands of peo-
ple who differed onreligious points that are
now regarded with smiles of plteous con-
tempt by multitudes of reading, thinking
men in Christendom, Religious enthusiasts
should not be enopuraged by treaty in
making trouble. A country that knew luxury
when Englishmen were clothed In skins and
lived in caves is no heathen country to be
robbed of precious liberty for the extension of
creeds that's their own professors are doubt-
ing, criticising and wrangling about, Norcan
such men aa Mr. Wu or Li Hung Chang be the
products of a civilization that needs such draa-
tie methods of iiuprovement aa the Christian
Powers are discussing H.B. F.

New York, June 28,

 

 

Former Democratic Conventions,

The Kansas City Convention of uly 4, 1900,
is the twentieth National Democratic Conven-
tion. The first six were held consecutively in
the city of Baltimore, from 1882 to1s52. After
1852 the following cities were chosen: 1856, Cin-
einnati; 1860, Charleatgn: 1864, Chleago, and
1868, New York. The convention of 1868 was
the only National Convention of either political
party heldin New York city. In i872 the con-
vention was held in Baltimore; 1p 1876 and4ssa,
in St Louts; in 1880, in Cincinnati; and 1n 1884,
1888, 1802 and 1896, in Chicago.

manof the convention in 1860, Horatio Sey-
mour of New York, in 1864 and 1868; James R
Doolittle of Wisconsin,{n 1872; Gen. McClernand,
in 1876; George Hoadly of Cincinnati, now a
resident of this city, was the temporary, and
ex-Gov. Stevenson of Kentucky the permanent,
chairman in 1880, Gov. Hubbard of Texas and
William F. Vilas, afterward Senator from Wis-
consin, presided over the turbulent convention
of 1884: Patrick A. Collins of Boston, in 1888;
Prof.W. L. Wilson of West Virginia, in 1892; and
Senator John W. Daniel was the temporary,
and Senator Stephen M. White of California
the permanent, chairman in 1896.

 

In 1860 the original convention adjourned
without making a nomination, and two rival and
warring conventions were afterward held. In
18724 number of Democrats repudiated the
convention of that year and helda rival con-
vention in the city of Loulsville. It was this
convention which adopted as one of {ts plat-
form declarations the following:

“The pangs of the minority are doubtless exoruciat-
ing, but we weloome an eteroal minority under the
banner inscribed with our principles, rather than an
almighty and everlasting majority purchased by
their abandonment”

 

Mrs. Eddy'’s Health.

To THE EDITOR OF THE SUN—Sir: An anopy-
mous correspondent {a THR SUN of June 27 repeats
the statements recently made concerning the health
of the Rev. Mary Baker Eddy of Concord, N. H. 1
have alrendy refuted these false words in positive
and definite terms. My refutation, over my own sig:
nature, should carry more welg ht than the allegations
of a man who conceals bis idenuty under the signin.
cant Utle of “Simon Magus,” and who quotes a
“gentieman of prominence who does not wish his
name used because of his business relations with
Christian SelenUsts"’ Such Irresponsible statements
are unreliable and should be discredited, They are
certainly not ‘corroboration,’

Tagain declare that Mrs Eddy is in perfect health
I do not speak from hearsay, as does “Simon Magus,"’
I had the honor of a long Interygiew with Mrs. Eddy in
her home on June 7. During our conversation | was
impressed with the clarity and vigor with which she
discussed the pertinent questions of the hour. Sheis
in splendid physicel condition, and all ignorant and
unkind critics who allege anything to the contrary
are mistaken.

As lo the episode of ‘kissing the doorsteps,"’ since
my words were not understood to have been a denial
of this charge, | take the opportunity now to say, un-
mistakably, (tis not true that’ hundreds of Christian
Sctentists visited her bome, prostrated themselves be-
fore her and kissed her doorstep,’’ Simon Magus
says these words were written Dy the editor of the
People and Patrtot. The following telegram, which
has come to me, isa posiiive dental of this asseriion.
Mr. Tomlinson is first reader of First Church of
Christ, Selentist, Concord, N. H. His telegram is as
follows: “The editor of People and Pajriot says that
he never made any such statement for publication,
and that in view of assurances given bim by those {n
@ position to know, he belleves (hat such was pot the
case." IRVING C, TOMLINSON.”

The other statement from the unknown gentleman,
quoted by Simon Magus, is equally false.

The ople of Concord are accustomed to seein
Mrs. Eddy every day driviog in her cartilage with
open windows, smiling recognition to those of ber
friends whom she meets, and not infrequently stop-
ping to speak with the children by the wayside. A
resident of Concord, who would doubtless be wiliing to

ive his name, told me within a week that, although
fimself not a Christian Scientist, be knewa number
of Mrs. Eddy's students who were among their best
citizens, and that Concord was beginning to appre-
clate her beautiful character and her active interest ia
all that pertains to the welfare of that city

NBW YORK, July 2. WILLARD 5S. Matrox

 

CosT OF THE ARMY FOR THE YEAB.

Claims of the States and Territories om Ac-
count of the War With Spain.

WasHINGTON, July 8.—The report of the Aud-
itor for the War Department, covering the fiscal
year 1900, which ended June 90, was submitted
to the Secretary yesterday by Auditor Morris.
The amount involved in accounts settled in the
Quartermaster's Division during the year was
$87,211,240, which included payments for ani-
mals, fuel, forage, buildings of all kinds, tent-
age, clothing, camp and garrison equipage,
telegraphing, transportation of the army and
{ts supplies by land and water, and all supplies
and incidental expenses necessary for the army
tn camp or field not especially provided for else-
where, Anew branch of this department called
into existence by the Spanish-American War

and je results is the army transport service,
which covers the charter or purchase, selling
and maintenance of all army transports. :

he amount disb rough paymasters
accounts during the year was 90.400. The

nance accounts settled aggrega $13,539,-
bia. t d those

he medical accounts, $2,756,060, an
ional volunteer homes, $4,002,088.

The amount paid on military claims, covering
both the Spanish and Civil War, was $1,260,403,
as against ,028 for 1899. The following table
will show the status of the claims of States and
Territories on account of the war with Spain to
June 30, 1900:

 

     
     
   
 
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

Amount Balance

State, Alowed. Claimed,

Alabama..... orn s0enees ceneee $178

Aritansas... 3,375

oom oese 1eees
jorado. x

163,202

Fi ae 1 eet
lori |

0! 2 $8 bags

Idaho, 13,78 6,401

861,453 124,288

india! 107,246 167,403

a... 01,484 9419)

ansag. 3 678

entucky. .. . 1,646

jana... 16,8 3,175

saanen 16,5 B32?

111,4 20)

peripse 307,136

20,599 417,010

18,088 148,011

16,041 8,400

21,134 4,711

3,624 110

33,008 2,628

4.541 1,672

H h4 6,625

135,300 159,574

343,852 586,514

y #0.gu) 9,166

orth Dakota. 11,248 704

ODIO. seee eves 845,356 156,100

Oregon........ 32,882 7,377

Pennsylvania... 164,963 109,227

ode Island. 47,627 188,890

Soutb Carolin 17,148 15,377

uth Dekote 14,112 166

‘ennessee 35,231 4,048

tah ...... 346 615

Vermont... . 11,003 14,370

Virginia....... ‘7 casbess 1,162

Washington... + 1,405 44,355

West Virginia. ’ 41,450 4,135

Wisconsin .... 60,306 7,770

Wyoming... 8.869 177

Arizona... 2.5717 83

New Mexico 2.719 3,165

kKlahoma . 840 aa veees

MEAN TOOTH ccuserorceees —serveee 6a3

Total....sseee. perceee deveves $2,433,053 $2,043,320

TO REPAIR SHIPS IN BROOKLYN,

 

Protest Against the Discharge of 500 Work-
men at the Navy Yard Successful,

WASHINGTON, July 8.--The protest to the
Navy Department against the proposed dis-
charge of 500 workmen in the Brooklyn Navy
Yard has been successful. It was represented
by the protesting Brooklynites that the Norfolk
ard had more work than it was entitled to, in
uct more than it could do, while Brooklyn's al-
lotment was propurtionately very small

The first step in giving more labor to Brook-
lyn was taken by the Board on Construction
yesterday in allowing $50,000 fox repairing the
raining ship Alliance, and to-day {t was prac-
tically vecided to send the monitor i’uritan from
Norfolk to Brooklyn. Her overhauling will cost
the Government $40,000.

ith sufficient money available for repair

work the Government may adopt a suggestion
that, with the threatened danger of war in
China, it will be wise to get all ships in rendi-
pone at once, instead of pitting in condition
on| I those required for immediate service

The assignment to Norfolk of so much repair
work has come from the preference of naval
officers for that place, owing, it Is suggested, to
i prosimity to Old Point Comfort and Virginia

each,

POEM BY

BISHOP POTTER.

A Foarth of July Composition Inspired by
Church's Picture of,"The Flag."
Newport, R. 1, July 3. Bishop Henry C,
Potter of New York, who is spending the sum-
mer in Newport, made public to-day a Fourth
of July poem, written by him and inspired by
Church's picture of “The Flag.”’ The poem is
as follows
O, banner Dlaroned In the sky,
Fling out your royal red;
Each deeper hue of crimson dye
Won by our sainted dead,
Ye bands of snowy whiteness cleaa
That bar the waning day,
Stand as the prophecy of things unseen
Toward which we hew our way.
Far field of blue, a symbol true
Of Right, of Faith, of God,
O'erarch us as we seek anew
The path our fathers trod.
Ye clustered stars that gleam above,
Our darkness turn to light,
Reveal to men Heaven's law of love—
Then ends the World's long night

 

Our Birthday,

Bang!

Boom!

(et out of the way

And give us room!

Watch us spread;

Watch the Hed,

White and Bine rise

Till the staf that bears It
Touches the skies,

And its folds, unfurled,

Sweep round and bug the world
To its swelling bosom.

And what 4 bosom that fs!
Broad us the land and seas are,
We are It.

We are the grandest family
Old Ma'm Earth

Ever gave birth

To. Think of It, pleasa

These

Are they

Who celebrate this day:

Uncle Sam, the strong man who
Swings in bis hand

Over this land

And beyond It, over two seas, ,
With the greatest ease,

The Red, White and Blue
Banner of Liberty,

Beacon of light,

To unnumbered millions

Yet tn thefr night

The American Eagle,

Glorious bird,

Whose scream of Freedom

Is everywhere heard.

The Yankee Nation,

The Doodledoos

Whose soldier boys

And sailor crews

Are setting the pegs of valor high
Over against a smiling sky

For the new-come millions

To pattern by;

‘These are they is

Who celebrate this day,

The Glorious Fourth,

The day when we

Whoop it up

For the Land of the Free

With pandemontum’s artillery.
Let ‘em bang

And boom;

Let the flowers of freworks bloom;
Let ‘em fizz,

And whiz,

And sizz;

Let ‘em smack

And whack,

And crack;

Let ‘em rip,

And snort,

And tear;

Let ‘em loose everywhere,
Shoot the guns

And ring the bells;
Every one its story tells;
And the story

Is the glory

Of a nation with a hand
Full of blessings,

Which expand

As the glorious nation does
That's why

The Fourth of July

's-
Tar FOURTH OF JUT.Y!
Ob; my! WILLIAM J. Lampron,

  
 
   

ACADIANS OF TO-DA

Aunt Charette Has Gone to Jail and So Maine
Loggers Are Coming Thirsty From the Woods,

 

   

Bancor, Ma, June 30.—The Acadians of’

this day aren’t all of them so innocent and
poverty-stricken as those who, evicted from
Grand Pré, the Land of Evangeline, by the
English in the eighteenth century, toiled their
way up the St. John River and found new
homes in the borderland of Maine. The Aca-
dians of to-day are the direct descendants
of those of old, there having never been any
admixture of other blood, but from contact
with the Yankees they have, some of them,
become acute in a business way, while associ-
ation with the Canadian and northern Maine
loggers has taught them that there are stronger
and more exciting beverages than the home
brewed beer. This discovery in beverages
has been the ruin of much of the beauty and
simplicity of the Acadian life, and it has also
got Aunt Marie Charette of Fort Kent into
Houlton jail.

Aunt Charette is fat, fifty and thrifty. She
has always been considered the smartest busi-
ness woman on the St. John River, and has
made by the sale of liquor what, to the Aca
dians, is a very large fortune. “She habe
saben hunnerd dolar wort leekar en har house,”
declared a native, enlightening a visitor as
to the extent of Aunt Charette’s commercial
resources, and the native’s eyes bulged at the
thought of such wealth, and such an attractive
form of wealth. Well, a while ago business
got to be too brisk at Aunt Charette’s for the
good of the community, The woodsmen came
in woolly, unkempt gangs, and they absorbed
such quantities of the “morson,” or white rum,
that flowed in Aunt Charette’s kitchen bar
that the explosive results were manifest all
along the upper St. John. Then the temper-
ance people stirred up the authorities, a warrant
was issued for a search of Aunt Charette’s
premises and the seizure of all liquor that might

be found there, and a wagon load of deputy
sheriffs went to Fort Kent to execute ft.
The seizure having been duly made a sum-
ons came to Aunt Charette requirii lg
appear the next day at the office of the
trial Justice. She went, accompanied by her
husband, Pierre, and was informed by the Jy
tice that she was charged with single sale, wi
maintaining a liquor nuisance and with keep-

ms atippling shop. Had she a lawyer?
Jere, to the surprise of every one, her hus-
band, rrea, who

ad never before been k a
to open his mouth on business matters w =

his wife was around, spoke up and sald:
have no lawyare—ehe have nottin's to say.”

“Well,” replied the Justice, astonished, “I
shall have to impose fines amounting to over
$300," at which Aunt Charette just gasped,
while Uncle Charette sat in dense silence,

“You will appeal, 1 suppose,” sald the Court,

“You know, Uncle Charette, that you can give
bonds and thus save your wife from going to
Jail until court sits. That will give you time
to think it over and collect the money to pay
the fine.” :
“No, we don’t do nottin's ‘tall bout dat t'Ing,”
doggedly ropiiee Uncle Charette, and neither
of them could be induced to take any steps to
save Aunt Charette from going to Houlton Jail
for the two months and more before the sit-
ting of the SupremeCourt, The Justice wanted
to make out a bond to be signed by Unclo
Charette, who owns his house and farm, but
the old man replied;

“No, eef you want tak her down fail, she go—
she all dressed up, and she go ‘long any time.”

Although, having plenty of money andowning
their house and farm, this queer old couple de-
cided that they would not makeany parley with
the law, and that Aunt Charette should go to
jail. She was taken away to Houlton by the
officers, for there was nothing else under the
law to do, and Uncle Charette went home, say-
ing, “She t ink she batter go: she be allr-rat. I
kip house till she com buck.”

‘hus closed the first part of the most remark-
able case in the history of the Maine Liquor law,
and thus it happens that the loggers coming
late from the woods have to go thirsty all the
way down the river,

 

RACE BETWEEN STEAMER AND SAILER,

 

Reminiscences of the Arrival of the First
Cunarder, Sixty Years Ago.

To THR EptrorR oP THE SUN—Sér: On the
Fourth of July, 1840, had the pleasure to sall down
Boston harbor in the yacht Northern Light, belong-
ing to my unele, the late Col. William P. Winchester
of boston, ang weleome the steamship Dritannta, the
first steamshighof the Cunard Line,

We met herfoff Boston Light and gave her three
hearty cheers, which were quickly responded to by
those on board, Col, Winchester congratulated Capt

Harison on bis good passage, and offered him a pillow

but Capt. liarison was already provided with one,
The Britannia Was about 1,200 tons gross register,

and had made tbe passage In twelve and a halt

day's.

tite Hon. Samuel Cunard, the projector of the

ine, was then a wealthy merehant§ of
Halifax, N. SS. and for the seventeen
years previous had kept his bank account with the
banking house of Dana, Fenno & Henshaw of Bos-
ton, of which my father, the late Samuel Dana, was
the senior and vistted Boston annually, making their
omMee his headquarters

John W. Fenno was President of the East Boston
Land Comjany. Mr. Cunard intended to make New
York the terminus of the line, but Mr Fenno finally
succeeded, alter much persuasion and the promise to
bulld a wharf and warehouse at East Boston, to have
him make Boston the terminus.

i recollect Str Samuel Cunard very well, He was
of medium height, rotund with florid complexion,
blue eyes audsilken gray heft. Samuel S. Lewis was
the agent for eight years, when Mr, Cunard offered the
agency (ome whieh on account of my other business
I was obliged to decline,

Train's lise of Liverpool packet sailing ships was
then famous, and one of them, the Joshua Bates,
sailed at the same hour with the steamship Britannia,
and were in sight of each other cvery day, not fty
miles apart, and arrived at Liverpool on the same
déy within an hour or two of each other,

Bue Cunard Line has met with great success and
increased the number and tonnage of its ships im-
mensely since 1t was established sixty years ago,

EDMUND W. Dana

FAIRFIELD, Conn,, July 2.

London's Trolley for New York Harbor,
From the London Daily Espress.

New York harbor, the entrance to which ts exceed-
ingly totricate and impassable when the weather is
in the least de@ree foggy, will have no further
terrors for incoming or outgoing vessels, thanks to
the trolley cables which are about to be laid down
from a point near the Battery at the foot of Manhat-
tan Island through the channel the Narrows, and to
the Scotland and the Sandy Hook lighiships, where
the sea is some sixty feet deep. The outer end of the
cables will be connected with each of one of the light
ships. The incoming vessel will take the wolley on
astern and the ship willthen proceed under its own
steam at a safe rate, dragging its trolley along the
submerged main cable. As long as the pull Is fate
astern the ship will have the assurance of being on
her right course. Outgoing vessels will receive the
trolleys at the Battery and hand them over to the
lightship at the outer end, and in this way there
would be no diMeulty of entering or leaving the porg
of New York, no matter bow dense the fog or blag
the night

Hellographs tn 1560, 1

From the London Daily Chrontete,

In "The Art of Ware,” by Nicholas Machlavelty
dated 1560, aud translated by Peter Whitehorne, at
the end of the book the translator has added some
original matter. Here {3 ‘‘llow to write, and cause
the same that ls written to be read afar off without
sending any message’ "A captain besieged in any
town or fortress unable to coinmunicate without by
letter may. by night, so faras light can be seen, and
by day, as far asa burnished glass can cast the sun
on 6 hut or suchlike, may be deseried—he having
arranged with his friends the order of signal—one or
two lights belng flashed, hidden or displayed again,
What {s this but the heliograph of the present day?

 

Business Uses for the Cinematograph,
From Invention.

It 1s proposed to utilize the cinematograph for repre-
senting machinery in motion. Itis expected that in
this way it will become a valuable auxtilary to trade
in machinery, as buyers will be able to judge of the
working of a machine from the mutoscope withouw
secing the thing Itself,

 

To the “Boxer.”
From the Westmins er Gazette,
(By an English Patriot.)

‘Tis strange the difference there should be

(often have observed before)
*Twiat Tweediedum and lweedl:dee~

Aad now | see one Instance more,
"Tis you and II do not mock, sir—
O most maligned, though worthy, Boxert

White missionary folk you hate,
Wish foreign devils at perdiuion—
I, too, am all for “Chureh and State,"*
And growl at foreign competition.
We're both of pairtotic stock, sir
We've much In common, Kentle Boxert

You hold such visionary views
As “China for the old Chinese,”
All “Little Ciinamen” you abuse
I, too, have tendencies Ike these,
Off all Invaders spots you'd knock, sir;
And so would I, my worthy Boxer!

I trust that | have made it clear

wine ime trlot to the core,
yho'd make his country's foes dear—
And so, though lam po Pro- ey

1 Bnd, with something of a shoc., siz,

At heart I'm quite a keen Pro- Boxes,

488;

 

 

 
 
  
 

       
       
     
       
       
 
      
       
    
       
  
  
 
 
  
  

—«