ae =
i

LL

——

*
fh

FA BATCH

 

  

OF NEW PLAYS.

—— -

THREE SHORT NATIVE PIECES
OUR SUMMER STAGE.

ON

 

Further Transfers of Dramatic Talent From
the Legitimate to the Vaudeville Theatres
~The Shows That Are Flourishing Here-

t boats at Outdoor and Indoor Resorts.

New plays are as plenty on our stage this
week as though the time were midwinter,
There are three of them, but all are short
pleces at the continuous vaudeville theatres,
A fourth, called “Taming a Bride,” is an un-
familiar old English comedietta, and John
Frederick Cooke used it in making his Proctor
début at the Fifth Avenue. Mr. Cooke had been
a conspicuous amateur actor for years with
the Strollers, and later a member of Frohman

} professional companies, He has & good voice,

an intelligent manner, and a resemblance to
Henry Miller in a general way. But in Mon-
day’s venture he dropped back from the
ease which he had gained by regular stage em-
ployment into the constraint of a novice. Prob-
ably that retrogression came of his sense of
responsibility. It is one thing to play a sub-
sidiary part among numerous able compan-
ions and quite another to sustain the leading
one in a cast of three persons. “Taming @
Bride” needs an authoritative and resource-
ful actor, because its theme is the same as that
of “The Taming of the Shrew,” in which nearly
every one has seen some noted artist between
Edwin Booth and John Drew. In the come-
dietta the bride has a temper which flashes
from amiability into angry passion upon the
slightest provocation. The husband cures
her of the fault by false pretenoes of still more

violent rage at trivial annoyances. Dallas
Tyler im a variety of turbulence and a
feminine o to her termagent outbreaks.
Her partons ce ig clever and Mr,
Cooke {s hardly dominant in either the real
tenderness of the husband or the assumed harsh-
ness, But he has an old country aspect in
an eighteenth oentury satin costume and a
white wig, and his acting is highly respectable.

A plece called “The Vaudeville King,” by
George M. Cohan, was new at Keith’s Monday.
Its chief player was Milton Aborn, the come-
dian of the comio opera troupe heard at this
theatre when it was opened as a continuous
house five years ago. The writer of the new
medium has been prolifio {n making farces to
the measure of his customers, and some of
his writings have been very bright bits of farce.
Yesterday's sample was suggestive of haste
or overproduction. It paired a very plump
woman possessed of an ambition to become
a variety actress with a peculiarly dressed
man who sought to sell a bulldog. The woman
mistook him for a chap who was to instruct her
in her stage exercises. Her desire to learn
was intense. The other’s need of money was
fo great that he was hungry. Their cross-
»urposes were fairly comical, but without rea-
fon, ‘The plot sagged of! itself, and well nigh

roke when it halted for singing. A hint that
the Keith directors are reaching out came in
the woman's song, which was in praise of New
Jersey girls. The actor sang one of the latter-
day negro songs in the manner of condensed
comio opera. It was distinctly different from
the common methods of variety show vocalists,
but not attractively so from the viewpoint of
the listeners. A duet was more successful, and
the actor’s misbehavior in eating hastily went to
a bullseye it had often reached before. Large
rolls of stage money accompanied the close
of the sketch, and comedian and audience seemed
both to enjoy his borrowing $1,000 from a man
he had met the minute before for the first time
Another one-act play at Keith's new to the
continuous shows is “The Major's Appoint-
ment,” bY, Nelson Wheatcroft and George
Backus. It was used once in the exer-

cises of the Stanhope-Wheatcroft school of |

acting. James ©. Harrows is now _ its
old army officer seeking appointment to a
departmental place at Washington. He
makesa moving portrayal of the old man’s
disappointment over a cruel hoax, and carries
to a successful end a play that bears double
the dose of pathos that is deemed safe for these
vehicles. 6 piece is unusual from the
fact that ite chief actor {s not in sight until
areoen paitiptcs after its beginning. That is
about the t such affairs are drawing to an

Naturally he thereafter has matters pretty
much himself. Previous to his coming
John Lancaster and Florence W:tham are

leasing aweethearts trying to set a table
‘or a meal while wishing that they might tell
their love, and J. F. Webber is a satisfying
assistant.

 

An {mitation of English satirical comedy so
childish in form and idea as to be ridiculous
was tried Monday at Proctor’s T'wenty-third
Street. Sketches of the sort are usually tested
at the dinner hour. when there are few spec-
tators to weary. It is called “A Surprise
Party,” and its author evidently feared its
worthlessness, as he withheld his name from
the programme. The scene was a bachelor's
rooms, and the host had prepared a supper
party for a friend, already there, a former
sweetheart now married, and his sister as a
chaperon. The friend decided to aid the

plot by pretending to recall an_engagement
pad the sister withdrew, too. This left the

cbhelor and the woman he loved together
The situation was brought about so awkwardly
as to be comic for its crudity, but after that
the author had plain sailing in water trav-
ersed before him or able writers. After the
wandering wife had sung a few unnecessary
negro songs, the bell rang, and the auditnce
was not surprised when the husband came in
What was done with the wife? Why, she was
hid in the bedroom, of course. Then a pas-
sage taken bodily from an eartier play called
“Racine” was introduced The hushand, a
pare ht, describes a scenein it to his wife's
over. This concerned characters like them-
selves and in the same plight. The wife was
saved from suspicion by the sister, who be-
longed to the class of Lady Alyy and many
other good-natured ladies of easy manners sent
lately to our stage from Tondon. But the
maker of “A Surprise Party” originated a cll-
max. He had the sister propose that they end
the evening with a cakewalk, which they did
with a will, but awkwardly. Grace Belasco,
who played the sister, was almost as comically
bad as the play. She was as vulgar ns Marie
Dressler withouta bitof that rare comedienne’s
humor In contrast to Miss Belasco was
Blanche Homan, an attractive young actress
and singer. who played the erring wife. She
and Leonard Walker had some agreeable duets.

A summary of this week's theatrical amuse-
ments shows nothing in the way of serious
drama, but there are musical plays of several
kinds, “The Bohemian Girl” was brought
out last night at Lenox Lyceum. “A Runaway
Girl” is continued by the Daly Company at
Manhattan Beach, where the Pain fireworks
are devoted in part to “Japan in Flower and
Flame.” The extravaganza at Bergen Beach
is “The Girl in Black,” and at the Casino it is
“The Rounders.”

Concerts are given by the Twenty-second
Regiment Band at Terrace Garden, the Seventy -
first Regiment Band at Manhattan Beach and

the Kaltenborn Orchestra at the 8t. Nicholas
Garden,

The roof gardens made some changes of bill
Monday, but retained most of the things
that had been ked by the previous audiences.
Five of the acts at the Venetian Terrace on
the Victoria were new there, and alterations
gave freshness to some of those that were re-
tained, including the Johnstones bicycling.
The top of Koster «& Bial’a took on the name
of Roof of All Nations, and the decorations
included the flags of many countries. The
initial entertainment was American, and a
diversity of spectalists was engaged in it,
The Cherry Blossom Grove above the
New York, and the Summer Soirées above
the Casino, were open as usual

Resides its unisial number of new short playa,
this week's co intioua vaudeville ia strong
in its array of front-rank specialists, Tha
Racholor Club, Provo, Josephine Harvey,
and the Rixfords are some of those at Proe-
tor’s Fifth Avenue. Cole and Johnson. Jen-
nle Yeamans and the Brights are on the jist
at Proctor’s Twenty-third Street. Keith's
has Dighy Rell, Marzella’s trained birds and
Z>lma Rawlston. At Proctor’s Palace are
Little and Pritzkow, the Wertenbergs and
Galletti’s trained animals. Carrie Graham
and Tauise Dacre are to the fore at Pastor's
The new feature of Eden Musée offering is
n sorina of motion pictures showing stage

eTo patie _

 

Della Fox, who was discharged the other
day from the sanitaurium in which she spent
several weeks, made arrangements yesterday
to return to the stage next fall. She signed a
contract with Kiaw & Erlanger to play an im-
portant part in “The Rogers Brothers in Cen-
tral Park.” John J, MeNally, who is writing
the farce, will enlarge one of the roles for her,
making it second in conspicuousness only
to tho o played by the stars, Gus and Max

fiogers. The piece will be tried first i i
in Atuuntic City, and alter a few weeks nei
whespbba Will be brought to the Vietoria on
* yt 17 for 4 long 4 run as business justifies,

D. Marks r\cred yesterday from the man-
igement of the “ino noel Garden, because
a? he een unhabie to make it ’

i» Lederer will take his place, 7:

A cablegrain was received the other day
‘Tout Charles Frohman saying that, he had
completed his foreign business and would sai)

or this country on July 14, He has been in
ndon and Paris buying 8 for his Amer-
ean actors and companies for next season,

e also_been looking after the affairs of
is Duke of York's Theatre and the new play-
house being built in St. Martin's jane,

Arr ments have been completed for the
Green wall stock company to introduce itself at
the American on Sept. 3 in “The Great Ruby,”
and the original scenery has been secured.

 

PLANS FOR THE FOURTH.

The Firemen and Hospital People Prepared
for Emergenctes,

In anticipation of the customary pyrotechni-
cal celebration of the Fourth the city’s firemen
and the hospital people are holding themselves
in readiness to-day to deal with the greatly in-
creased number of fires and mishaps which this
annual outburst of patriotism generally entails.
Fire Chief Croker has issued instructions to
householders warning them to keep pails of
water at hand in case of curtain or awning fires.
They are also warned to keep their windows and
roof scuttles closed during the evening, when
most of the fireworks will be set off, and to clear
the areaways of all rubbish or other inflammable
matter,

The Veteran Corps of Artillery, Military So-
ciety of the War of 1812, will conduct the cere-
monies of raising the flag at the Battery at sun-
rise, At the block house in Central Park the
Washington Continental Guard will hold ser-
vices at 9 o'clock, The Declaration of Inde-
pendence will be read, and will be followed by

atriotic songs and speeches, The Rev, Mad-
son ©. Peters will make the prinelpal address,
A number of military organizations will take
yart in the services, including the Naval Cadets,
udson Kilpatrick Post und the St. George
Cadets.

The Tammany Hall celebration will atart
promptly at 10 o'clock this ares in the

‘ourteenth street wigwam, Grand Sachem
Feitner, who will lead the parade of Sachems,
said yesterday that despite the absence o! so
peer of the braves in Kansas City the cele-

ration will be as successiul as any ever held
by the organization

“We have got the best speakers obtainable.”
said Mr. Feitner, “a rip-roaring good band to
grind out patriotic music anda wire right into
the Convention Hall at Kansas City over which
the returns {rom the convention will come,
‘The news will be read Irom the platforin as last
as it comes in.”

One of the teatures of the celebration. will be
the reading of letters from a number of promi-
nent men in the country. Among those who
have sent letters are Mr. Bryan, Edward M.
Shepard, Amos J. Cummings, Gov. Rogers of
Washington, Norman E. Mack of buffalo, Mayor
Diehl of Buffalo and Congressman J.D. Kich-
ardson,

The Prohibitionists will hold a ratifieauon
meeting at Prohibition Park, Staten Island,
which will last all day. Joshua Levering of
Baltimore will preside at the meeting and the
list of speakers includes Henry L. Metcalf of
Rhode Yalan, the Vice-Presidential nominees
of the Prohibition party, and Oliver W. Stewart,

The combined Danish societies will have their
annual summer festival at Ulmer Park, Brook-
lyn, in the afternoon,

There is @ Varied programme of sports and
yastimes. The letter carriers of this city will
Reid their fourteenth annual plenic and games
at Schuetzen Park, Union Hill, N. d fand-
some prizes will be awarded in each athletic
contest and cash prizes for the best bowlers
Music will be furnished by the Letter Carriers’
Band and the fife and drum corps will give an
exhibition drill.

The new powder works at South Amboy, N
J., which cost $2,000,000, and which, {tis under-
stood, will supply all the smokeless powder
needed by the navy, will be officially onenee
The plant is the largest of its kind in the United
States

At Mont Lawn, the Christian Herald's Home
for Fresh Air Children at Nyack-on-the-Hudson,
where many little ones are now enjoying a ten
days’ outing, the forenoon joys will consist in
shooting off an unlimited supply of firecrackers,
of eating a bountiful repast, reciting patriotic
pieces and singing patriotic songs. The after-
noon exercises will begin with a flag drill and
salute, in which some two hundred children
will march and countermareh over the lawn.
The Abigail Free School and Kindergarten
Drum and Fife Corps will lead this procession
The children's tea and ice cream festival will
follow. the little ones treating all their guests.
A display of tlreworks in the evening will con-
clude the day's exercises.

ALDERMAN MATTY'S DREAM FRUE,

As He Dreamed, Mayor McGuire and 15 Alder-
men Have Been Indicted in Syracuse,

Syracuse, July 3.—When Alderman Frank
Matty swore in the Supreme Court that he
“dreamed” a fortnight ago that Mayor MeGulre
and fifteen Aldermen had been indicted by the
Extraordinary Grand Jury he spoke by the
card, There were just fifteen Aldermen and
Mayor McGuire indicted. He dreamed fifteen.
There were just two indictments. He dreamed
two. They were for the transfer of the high-
way fund to the contingent fund and overdralts.
He dreamed those things. The date of the
first overt act was July 3. He dreamed that,
too. His friends, the horsemen, say, however,
that with all his string of racehorses on the
track Matty has not been able to dream a race
correctly this season, and they suggest that
he had better put the City Hall dreambook in
his pocket when he follows the circuit.

It was almost like calling the roll of the City
Council when Justice Smith's extraordinary

term of the Supreme Court opened thismorning.
The names of Aldermen and ex-Aldermen were
read off the Indictments by Special Prosecuting
Officer Lewis as follows: Frank J. Costello,
First ward; Jacob Nies, Segond ward; Frank
Matty, Third ward; William D. Shuart, Fourth
ward; Howard H. Lincoln, Fifth ward; Clarence
E. Rice, Sixth ward; George Freeman, Seventh
ward; Eugene J. Mack, Eighth ward; Michael
J. Kearney, Ninth ward; John J. Flannery,
Tenth ward; William F. Saunders, Eleventh
ward; John Regan, Fifteenth ward; Jacob Blint,
Jr., Sixteenth ward; Louls H. Kruger, Seven-
teenth ward; Edward McLaughlin, Nineteenth
ware and James K. McGuire, Mayor.

Allof them who Were present answered “here.”
The Mayor didn’t answer, for he is at Kansas
City with Undertaker McCarthy shaping the
destinies of the nation. Of the two present-
ments one is against Mayor McGuire and four-
teen Aldermen for conspiracy in the unlawful
transter of tioneys from one city fund tu another,
the contingent and highway funds being speci-
fled, in the aggregate $180,000; the other against
the Mayor and fifteen Aldermen for the unlaw-
ful transfer of $75,000 from the highway, con-
tingent and city improvement funds.

In the first indictment the. defendants ara
fourteen Aldermen and Mayor James K McGuire
and in the second indictment fifteen Aldermen
and the Mayor are named, Eugene J. Mack is
the Alderman whose name is added to the list
in the second indictment. |The Aldermen who
were not indict dare Charles G. Soldan of the
Twelfth ward, George J. Sager ofthe Thirteenth
E. A. Hill of the Fourteenth and P. ©. Evans o
the Eighteenth. The conspiracy, If proved,
will be a misdemeanor and may be punished by
fine only, with imprisonment If the fine !s un-

id
pa tttorney L. N. Wilson appeared for the in-
dicted officials and asked until Thursday to
prepare a plea. This was granted, The tn-
dicted men were allowed to go on their own
recognizance until Thursday. Other aceu-
sations are said to be Repding. and the Crped
Jury will meet again on Thursday and complete
its work.

“WOMEN NOT WEARING FLOWERS.”
One Reason Given for the Failure of Albert
: Stein & Co,

Albert Stein & Co, importers of flowers and
feathers at 644 Broadway (AlbertStein, John B,
Webb and George W. Sullivan), made an as-
signment yesterday to Frederick Weiner of
Horwitz & Samuels without preference. Mr.

Weiner aaid that the firm laidin a large stock
of flowers anticipating a good season, but that
the women are not wearing flowers. The Ha-
bilities are $21,000. ‘The assets consist of stock
which cost $14,000, but will not realize any-
where near that, and good outstanding ac-
counts $2,000,

The Starr Wheel Company, dealers in bieyoles
and bicycle sundries at the corner of Lexington
avenue and Twenty-third street, made an as-
signment yesterday to Thomas Lloyd MeCon-
chie without preference, Tie liabilities ara
$4,364, nominal assets $9,818, and actual assets
$2,724.

George D. Smith, manager of the Clarendon
Hotel, Fourth avenue and Eighteenth street,
has filed a petition int ankryptoy with liabili-
tlea $304,847 and no assets, The ijabilities are
old and have nothing to do with the Clarendon
Hotel, where he Is pow employed on a salary,

 

 

 

Biological Laboratory Opens To-day.

The Blological Laboratory of the Brooklyn
Institute of Arts and Sciences opens for regular
class work for its eleventh season to-day. The
number of instructors has been increased since
last year by the addition of Mr. W. L. Tower
of Rarvard University, Dr Henry A. Kelly
of the Ethical Culture Schools, New York city,
and Dr_H. ©. Cowles of the University of Chi-
cago. The number of specialists at the Biolog-
foal Laboratory engaged in study and research
in 1809 was sixty-five. The number expected at
the opening of the laboratory this week is
seventy-two,

Increase of New York Post Office Business,

The gross receipts of the New York Post Of-
flee for the year ending June 30 last were
$9,480,094,56, an increase of $668,483.32 over the
preceding year,

 

=

f

—iaieeee inn OO

THE GREAT SAENGERFEST.

5,000 SCHOOL CHILDREN SING IN
THE AFTERNOON.

Boys and Girls Give a Most Delightful Con-
cert--Vast Audience Present—Progress of
the Prize Competitions—Souvenir for the
German Emperor—The Evening Concert,

The Thirteenth Regiment armory of Brook-
lyn, in which the National Saengerteat held its
last two concerts yesterday, was abloom in the
afternoon with the great chorus of children
from the Brooklyn public schools, and their
presence on the singers’ stand and in the

audience gave the vast drill room the look of a

garden, The sun shone through the windows

of the armory, and the crowd that filled every

 

 

one of its seven thousand seats was
in gala attire, giving the hall more
the look of a festal gathering than

it has at any time since the festivals began. It
was, like all afternoon audiences, made up for
te most part of women and children, although
some of the sturdy delegates occupied the
seats set aside forthem. The children’s festival
chorus was recruited from the public school
classes taught by A. 8. Caswell, instructor
in music in the Brooklyn public schools,
It is said that 5,000 voices were in
the chorus and it was easy to believe that
the number was as large. The rows of singers’
Seats were well filled with youths and girls who
Tequired very much less space than the men
choruses which had occupied them previously.
But the platforin was crowded,

Most of the girls, who were greatly in the ma-
Jority, were in white. Every singer carried a
small American flag and when these were
raised after “Columbia” and waved rhythmi-
cally the platform looked like a turbulent sea
of banners. The youngsters who stuck to their
places throughout the whole concert kept in
excellent order and Conductor Caswell was
compelled but once to call for order,
The singing of the children’s chorus
was naturally less = effective in mass
than when the advanced pupils sang. In ‘Die
Lorelli,” which was sung in German, the ad-
vanced class won enthusiastic applause from
the experienced part singers among their hear-
ers, and they deserved it. The fresh, youthful
quality of the voices was delightful and,

cousidering the size of the chorus and
the experience of the members, they
sang with great precision, excellent

enunciation and rhythmical sense, When the
younger class were heard these qualities were
naturally not so conspicuous, and the quality of
tone was cruder because these very young can-
tors, like some who are more famous and more
experienced, sang with might and main, Itwas
a delight, in view of the enjoyment that the
children's singing must have given all who
heard \t yesterday afternoon, to see how
crowded the drill room was.

It was not encouraging to note somné of the
music selected for the young people to sing
Sullivan's “Lost Chord,” for instance, and
“Rocked in the Cradle of the Deep’ are not
likely to elevate greatly the musical taste of
the choirs to which they are taught. But they
may possess other qualities that fit them par-
ticularly for such singers. “America,”
“Pilgrims,” “Give My Heart's," “To Na-
ture, the Herdsman,” “Columbia,” ‘Mv Old
hentucky Home,” "The Watch on the Khine,”
‘God Bless America” and the “StareSpangled
Banner” were other numbers in which the
children were heard. Earl Gulick. the boy so-
prance, who was formerly apupil of the Brook-
yn public sohools, sang ‘Home, Sweet Home”
between parts of “My Old Kentucky Home.”
Director Caswell looked proud of the share his
bypils had taken in the concert.

he ladies * festival chorus, which had been
trained by Felix Jaewer, showed itself to be a
well-trained body of women singers in the
Handel largo arranged by Felix Jaeger and {iu

Hofmann's “Song of the Horns,” with Sara
Anderson singing the soprano polo. Miss
Anderson was also heard in the scene
and aria” from Tsechaikowski's ‘‘Jeanne
d’Are” which has frequently been sung
in New_York during the musical season
Joseph Baernstein sang an aria from ‘Eu-

ranyanthe.” The selection was not fortunate
and the singer's agreeable voice could not serve
to interest the hearers. The orchestra under
the direction of Felix Jneger was heard |)
Thuiile’s “Romantic” yerture, the wec ding
march from the iputg “Hiawatha” by the
Brooklyn composer, Ayvgust Walter: two move-
ments from Rubinstefn’s “Ral Costumé,” the
overture to ‘Mignofi” and the “Rakoczy”
march,

  
   

Prize sing ng wenvVon inthe afternoon in the |

Academy of Music. The competitions were for
second and third class societies which were

Second Class--Liederkranz, Syracuse, N. J.; Pho
nix, Newark, N. J.; Liederkranz, Philadelphia, Pa.;
Harmonie, New York; Schwab Saengerbund, Newark,
N. J: Khetnpfaleer Mustcal Club, New York, Con
cordia, Newark, N. J.: Kreutaer Quartette Club, New
York; Concordia, Wilkes Barre, Pa. Pfazer Har
monie, Philadelphia, Pa; Arion,

   

 

Third Class— Frohstnn, Baltimore, Md; Allemania
Concordia. New York; Marnnerchor, Euizabeth, N. J.;
Maennerchor, Albany, N, Y¥.; Orpheus, Newark,
N, J.; Lieder Verein, Phi'adelphia, Pa.; Fintgkeit,
Staten Island, N, Y., Uh'and Bund New York: Alle
mania, Philadelphia, Pa.; Junger Maennerchor,
Scranton,

The judges were: Gustave Hinrichs of New
York, A. Bischof? of Brooklyn, 8. Riegge of
Rewark, S. Heimann of Philadelphia and F,
rtman of Baltimore. The points Judged were
the same that counted yesterday with the
first: lass societies. Intonation, phrasine,
enunciating, shading and. precision are the
guaiities trom which the judges made
their decisions. The maximum Is six and
from this the excellence of the singers
la graded, The awards as wellas that for ihe
Kaiser prize willbe made at Ridgewood Park
this afternoon, The singing for this prize be-
ina this morning at 10 o'clock. in the armory.
The competition will be limited to the following
ocieties: Arion, Brooklyn, N.Y Will amsburg
Reengerbupd, Brooklyn, N. Y.: Deutscher Lie-
derkranz, Brooklyn, \. ¥.: West Newark Quar-
tetteClub, Newark, N. J.; Saengerbund, Brook-
lyn, Ne Y.: Junger Maennerchor, Philadelphia;
Beethoven Liederkranz, Hrooklyn, N. Y., anc
the hreutzer Quartetts Club, New York
Atl o'clock the Judges will meetin Wissel’s
Park to consider the ringing and will later make
known the regult of theirconclusions. All thesos
cieties will be heard in the song composed by
Peter Cassenbender and selected by the German
Emperor to be the test.
A committee has been formed to prepare a
so.lvenir of the Saengerfest, to be -ent to the
German Emperor, It will cost $1,000 and willbe
devised by Arno Lonhardt of Philadelphia.
THE EVENING CONCERT.
The evening concert brought the publi per-
formances to a close. After the prize singing
for the German Emperor's gift and the decision
of the judges to be made public this afternoon,
there remains only a plenic to-morrow for
those members of the various societies who
may remain here. The soloists last night
were Louise Voight, Josephine Jacoby and
Carl Behlegel. But the interest of the audience
was greatest in the choral singing, which has
been throughout the feature of the concerts
that gave wreatest pleasure to the hearers and
were the principal excuse for the public per-
formances. The soloists and the orchestra
were not generally of a kind to which New York
audiences are eccustomed and the only excuse
for them would seem to be that they were
necessary to give variety to the programme of
the public performances. Even new orchestral
works, such a8 Mr. Van der Stucken's interesting
symphonie prologue, were not sufficient to
justify the orchestral performance as justice
was not done to the composition. These de-
fects, however, are overlooked in the enjoy-
ment of the choral singing and “Die Lorely”
as it was given last nieht by the great. chorus
was enough in itself to repay the visitors to
the concert. “The Old Kentucky Home,” when
sung in German, was another evidence of the
pleasure that the choral singing gave.
The rehearsals yesterday morning were con-
ducted with some severity by Conductor Arthur
Claasen and there were no grounds for fault
finding in the work of the singers in last night's
concert. The audience which heard them
was larger than that of the preceding evening
although mony seats ere again vacant anc
the speculators on the sidewalk were offerin
seats at greatly reduced prices. There woul
not have been standing room in the building if
the public had known ow much pleasure there
was to be had from the sinving of the chorus.
Its numbers were “InaStorn © Niagt,” barytone
solo by Charles. Schlegel; “MotPer’s Love,”
Voight, “Who Knows Where?” Koemmich;
“My Old Kentucky Home.” arranged by Franz
Van der Stucken, and “The German Song of
Victory.” The orchestral numbers were the
prelude to “Die Meistersinger,” Beethoven's
"Egmont" overture and Wagner's “Kaiser,”
march. Mrs. Jacoby and Mrs. Voight were
heard in a duet feom “Le Prophéte” and in solos.
The concert closed with the singing of “The
Star Spangled Banner.”

 

Hope of a Fireworks Blaze Disappointed.
A hilarious citizen who was laying a founda-
tionin J. H. Oest’s saloon in Park | lace for a
first-class Fourth of July celebration got far
enough along to start about 80'clock last night.
He went up into ©, H, Koster’s fireworks place
overhead, purchased along string of big fire-
crackers and set them going in front. The ex-
plo-ions caused a big crowd to assemble, evi-
dently In the hope that one of the flreworks
houses along the street had caught fire. The
crowd dispersed inted.

 

| Blaze
i had been irocuiated and the rivalry hetween

Ba'timore, Md.; |
glen, Jersey City, N. J.; Liederkrana, Elizabeth, |

THE SUN, WEDNESDAY, JULY 4, 1900.

LIVE TOPICS ABOUT TOWN.

 

A college professor of national reputation
whose occasional sermons are a feature of the
summer months in one of the Broadway
churches was showing some visitors through
the music room in his house last week, when
onefof them said:

“This beer keg looks very attractive, pro-
feaaor, but there seems to be no ice chest under
it and I assume that it la not for use.”

The keg was really a beautifully made barre)
with a sigotinsert*dat one end. It stood on
arack like a sawhorse. ci

“Have you ever heard of a sermon barrel?
asked the professor, * Well, this is the genuine
article, and so far as I know it is the only one in |
this country.”

The professor turned the spigot and the front |
of the Borret swung back on its hinges, disclos- |
ing inside several shelves on which were stacked |
ascore or more of sermons ready for use as
emergency might require.

 

If the Society for the Suppression of Un-
musical Noises would turn its attention to half
a dozen strong-lunged colored men who are
now engaged in making night hideous in New
York and its suburbs it would win the grati-
tude of many victims. Hand organs are either
good or bad, according to their construction
and the musical tastes of the listeners, but
these colored singers are allin the same class.
They don't sing, They yell and they
insist on shouting the consideration ‘or which
they would leave their happy home, to the |
accompaniment of three chords on_a guitar be !
fore every other hou-e ona block. Even a good |
song will go stele under auch treatment, ard |
their volees ore so loud that, the vietims cannot |
escipe even by closing the doors and the win-
dows. Two of these unmusical colored men
hattered the Saturday night quiet of a subur-

an town near the northern limita of the eity
and excited every dog in it to a Fourth of |
July frenzy, Their list) of songs was
us limited as the chords whien
they commanded on their guitars, These men |

|

 

are equipped alike, and the suspicion has become
alinost a certainty that they belong to an organ-
ized band which Intends to spread coon songs
in this city in rivalry with the hand organs dur-
ing the summer. New York is likely to lose
favor as a sumuiner resort, even if itis swept by
ocean breezes, if these loud-votced colored rarh
continue toexrlain the happy-home question as
vociferously as they are now shouting it,

“One of the unexplainable things in railroad |
equipment during the hot weather," said a!
lawyer, “is the use of heavy plush-covered
chairs in the so-called drawing-room curs
Plush isthe most uncomfortable covering for
chairs that can be selected for bot weather,
It collects dirt and {t seems to radiate heat, [
came down from Springfield in cne of thee
ors on the warmest day of last week, and ny
plush covered chair contributed a good deal to
my discomfort. As soon as T could secure a
seat | went into the smoking compartinent,
which was upholstered in leather, and the con-
trast in point of confort was very marked
Railroad men probaoly have what seems to
them to be an adequate reason for using plush
upholstery, but Ili venture to say that the
question of the comfort of their patrons bad
nothing to do with earn loans it. Leather-
covered chairs would alleviate the discomforts
of railroad travel on hot days very much,”

The regular summer influx of colleve men,
which is noticeable after the boat races each
year, is marked this summer by two distinct
features. One isthe weil-tanned faces of tha
young collecians, and that is directly traceable

 
 

 

to the ‘ad which has held ‘ts own now fortwo
years of going without hats, Visitcrs to the
New  Enuland colleges last week found
that hits were the most useless of all aru-
cles of dr ss The undergraduates went
around*® without any head covering under
the hottest sun, and the result was tan

Butall sortase! people may get a coat of tan,
an@ tocistinguish himsel! from leas fortunste
mortals the undergraduate has perfected the
walk which was slinply sketched out Inst
year Tt is now the undergraduate walk
by right of discovery, and many men have ne-

quire it b) inconsefous in it.tion. The walker
bends forward sligitly from the hips. swings
his arms violenth and stay ps ahead athletie-

ally andasif each step markedan. advance in
the world’s civilization. It is a business-like
stride, but what gives tt particular favor is the
fact that it is a distinguishing walk.

One Wall Street offlee has been badlv
demoralized during the past week by a new
came, or rather an old one revived, which one
of the junior members brought back from th»
seashore It ts a deprave! style of punning
with un iraited possibilities, Tteonsistsin taking
soni word, | referably a geographical name, and
making it a family name by prefixing Mr and
Mrs. andthenaddingachild by prefixingagiven |
name or Miss in something like this fashion
“Mr, and Mrs. Sippi and the ‘Mississippi.’ |

It’s possibilities are limited only by the in-
genuity of the victim of this habit) The
junior partner in the firm got interested in the
ame, and when be returned to the cfflee he
Renan to flg@ure ont sueh combinations | etween
ties, as Mr. and Mrs, Blazes and Helen
"and within half an hour five other men

 

thems nce has ben fleree. Tt has threatened
to demoralize the office and orders suppressing |
{t were {seurd It would not down Whenever
aman struck a particulariy happy combination
he could not resist the temptation to w haper it
to his nig (bor, and then each man would think
up @ com! ination to beat it.

One of the most popular voung actors of
the day is soon to come up for election at a
club) which not hitherto contained any
member connected with theatrical life. Few
members of that profession, indeed, possess the
especial qualification for admission to it and
{ts dignified character has not appealed to the
plavers. who, as a rule, are contented with the
clubs organized more or less exclusively for
their use. This voung candidate is fortue
nate enoveh to have the backing of ine
fluential friends and they have been active
{fn advancing his prospects of elec
tion. As there has so far been no objection to
the eandidate on personal rounds, and fer
that matter could not be, his election will denend
entirely onthe Governing Committee's deoision
as to the desirability of having actors in the
club. [tisnotlikely that inany of his profession
will follow this candidate’s exaraple, whatever
his fate may be

has

 

Newport is regarding with mild Interest the
Farl of Yarmouth's preparations to establish a
theatrical company there for the summer

|
!
i
|
mouths which is to include among its members
Mrs. Clara Bloodgood who has had two vears'
experience on the professional stage. With the
Earl of Yarmouth at the head of the company, it
is not expected that the artistic standard of
the performances will be very high. But it is
less on artistic grounds than on any other that
little success is anticipated for the enterprise.
“It was a different thing to have a titled aristo-
erat visit Newport for the first time and take

part in amateur theatricals, from having hin
return a vear later and give professional per-
formances,” said one man who had just returned
from several days’ stay at Newport, “and he
ought to remember that it takes a very strik-
ing celebrity to last through two Newport
seasons. It was not known when he came
there first that the Earl of Yarmouth had any
idea of becoming an actor. | don't know
that a knowledge of that would have made any
difference in the manner of his reception, for
Newport likes to be amused in the summer
and will take up alinost anybody who can ae-
cormplisb that, But after a not very glorious
career on the professional stage, made possible
by means of his social successes at

he can searcely expect to be taken up
with the same warmth the next vear, Newport
ix very indulgent toward anybody who has
furnished it diversion, but any attempt to utilize
the value of acquaintance there for a financial
benefit is likely to be resented very promptly
For that reason it will be titeresting to see the
outcome of the Barl's attempt to establish
himeelf as a professional manager there

largely
Newport

Most of the college and fraternity clubs of
the city have made themselves valuable to
their members chiefly by means of the table
d’hote dinners, although this form of restaurait
is commonly rexarded as a sign of financial
distress in clubs more general in character
But this institution has made the succesa® of
the amaller organizations, and os the meal is
of a kind that can be taken rewularly and is
without the features objectionable in most of
the restaurant table d'hotes, it draws a regular
attendance to the club, Without this feature
most of these smaller clubs would tind it seareely
possible (o compete with their larger rivals

Epworth League Convention.

Stamrorp, N. Y., July 3.—The Epworth
League Convention clored ita sessions to-night.
The officers elected for the ensuing year are the
Rev. C, 1. Meade of Hoboken, N. J., President;
the Rey. J.J. Forest of Norwalk, Conn., Treas-
uror, the Rey. P_N Chase of Red Hook, N. Y.,
Secretary; Mra. E A L.Barkelewof Piermont,
N. Y., Superinten ‘ent of Junior League Works,
Resolutions were pas-ed petitioning President
McKinl.y to aboliah the canteenfrom the army

and navy.

 

Contribations to the India Famine Fund.

The Commitiee of One Hundred on India

Famine Re'lef re
contributions yes
date $115,808.83.

rted $2,319 61 In additional
ay, moking the total to

 

ART STORE NEATLY ROBBED.

CLERK BOWED THE THIEVES OUT AND
$1,200 WORTH WENT WITH THEM.

 

 

The Plunder Was Chiefy Costly Venetian
Clocks and the Woman of the Gang Carried
Them Under Her Skirt-—Police Seon on
Their Track and All Three Were Nabbed.

A. Olivetti of the firm of A. Olivettl & Co.,
dealers in antiquities at 305 Fifth avenue, left
his store to go to dinner yesterday afternoon at
8 o'clock, and his two clerks, Charles and

! George Frank, were then in charge of the place.

Charles Frank left the store a few minutes later
and George Frank was alone. A man and a
woman, both expensively dressed, entered the
store a few minutes later.

“Weare living at the Holland House," said
the man, “but we are soon to take a house, We
would like to buy a few artistic trifles for our
new home, We don't care how costly they
are.”’

Frank took the couple through the store.
From time to time they pointed to pleces of
bric-A-brac and asked that they be put aside,
saying that they would buy then, Frank grew
elated as the bill for thearticles purchased grew
to four figures. He was with the couplein the
rear of the store, showing them some Venetian

clocks valued at $100 each, when another custo-
mer entered the store, He remained near the
door,

Frank had to go to the end of the store to see
what the newcomer wanted Ae talked to the
olerk for a moment and thensaid that he did not
want to keep him from his two customers and
was willing to walt. Frank returned to the
couple, They asked the total erst of the goods
theg had picked out. He teld them.

*leas® wrap them up’ said the man, “and
we will goover to the Holland House and get
a check cashed Then wewill be back to pay

lor °

Frank bowed the couple out of the store and
turned to wait on the other customer. He had
disapeared, Just then (Olivetti returned.
Frank showed bim the p.le of goods the couple
had ordered and remarked that he had seen
them enter the Holland House and expected
them back in a few roinutes. Olivett) oned
around the store and saw that goods worth
more than $1,200 were missing. Among them
were six of the $100 Venetian clocks and two
miniatures, He dashed across the street to the
Holland House, and of course Jearned that the
couple whohad made the extensive purchases
were not staying there, They had cone through
the jobby to the Thirtieth street entrance ot the
hotel and after passing out had gone toward
Hroadway. Olivetti suspected that the three
Visitors to his store were clever thieves wording
tozether and he hurried to thy We-t Thirtieth
street police statton and told his story

Detectives Loe wood and Sheehan want out
fatonce to the pawnshops in the Tenderloin,
They found that the couple had already pawned
twoof the docks ina Sixth avenue shop. The
pecneres *¢ told the police that the clocks had
ween pawned by Frederick Burke of 240 Weat
Fortieth street, his wite Mary and Frank Hall
of 264 West Thitiy-seventh street, The police

went to Burke's house and arrested him in
his bedroom He declared that his wife
Was pot home and protested tat he had never

been near Olivettiis store. The police looked
under the bed and found Mrs, Burke hiding
there She lad the rest of the clocks hung ona
leather belt under her skirt. V'e police say it
was by means of this belt that she carried all of
th: stuff away from the store

Hall Was arrested at his home later. Charles
Frank positively identified the three as the
per-ons who fad visited his store. Mrs Burke
and Hall had tak nthe goods from the bick of
the store, he said, and Burke was the man who
had drawn him to the tront of the store, giving
the other two their chance to steal

 

FUSS IN COURT OVER GOULD JEWELS.

Counsel for Blair, Who's Charged With Steal-
ing Them, Angry Because He Isn't Set Free,
Charles W. Blair, who is charged with hav-

ing brought into this country jewels stolen

from Mrs. Edwin Gould at the Hotel Carlton,

London, was arraigned Magistrate

Pool in the Centre street police court yesterday

afternoon for the third time since his arrest

and the Magistrate again sdjourned the case.

He remanded Blair until next Thursday after-

noon at the request of Assistant District Attor-

ney MeClelland, who said that in order to make

& case against the prisoner it would be neces-

sary to bring to this city some one cognizant

of the robbery in London and who knew what
jewels had been stolen. Charles Shrady, of

& East Sixty-sixth street, Mrs. Gould’s brother,

has already identified the jewels found in
Blair's possession as some which belonged to
his sister

Lawyer Thomas P

before

Dinnean, who has been

| retained by Blair, bitterly opposed the motion

to adjourn the case. There was no evidence
tou show that the Jewels had been stolen, he
argued, and for all the Court knew they might
have been given away by the Goulds to some
one who afterward gave them to Blair. Mag-
istrate Pool replied that the newspapers were
the greatest agency in the world for the ex-
posure of crime and he took into judical con-
sideration their reports of the robbery

“This Court is being used solely in the in-
terests of the Goulds,” declared Dinnean,
Because they are prominent people they are
favored in every way

I want you to understand,” flashed Mag-

istrate Pool, “that thisCourt is not being ‘used’
to favor any one but justies. Your remarks
are a disgrace to a reputable counselor, You
may step down.’

(he Magistrate held Blair in %6,000 bail and
he went back to the Tombs

 

SANTIAGO DAY REMEMBERED,
Admirai Sampson's Victory Celebrated by the
North Atlaatic Squadron,

Newport, Joly 3--In observance of the seo
ond anniversary of the battle of Santiago, in
wh ch the North Atlantic squadron under Ad-
mira) Sampson destroyed the Spanish squad-
ron, Admiral Farquhar ordered an illumination
to-night of all the ehips under his command

now onchored In these waters off Jamestown,
The flagship New York and the battleships
Kearsorge, indiana, Mussachusetts and Texas
all were brilliont with lines and devices of elec-
tri: lights. There were a number of sp cial
dinners among the officers’ messes on board the
ships this evening

The battle-hip Indiana, which was consplen-
ous at Santiago, observed the day in an une
usual manner it happened to be the day when
the Adiniral inspected her. One feature of the
day's insnection was the order to clear ship for
action. At just #34 this morning the call to
battl: stations sounced, Just two years almost
toaminute from the time the Spanish ships
came out of Santiago harbor to their doom

THE BURNED BLAKESLEE PICTURES.4

 

Their Valne Will Not Be Known Till the
Owner, Now ‘Abroad, Is Meara From,

Noinformation is obtainuble as to the value
of the paintings destroyed by the flretn Theron
J. Blakes!ee’s galleries at Fifth avenue and
Thirty-fourth street on Monday night until Mr.
Blakeslee, wh) is In Furope, has been heard
from, and John McDonald, the man Mr. Blakes-
lee left in charge cf business to his
absence, has received no word from
him. Thee Heetfon probably contained many
old English paintinas, Mr Blakeslee has
dealt principally. in these, Owing to the large
amount of varnish on the pletures the fire ate
out the canvases with such rapidity in some
cases as to Jeave the frames almost uninjured
Picture dealers say that tuey haven) idea what
there was inthe collection At diferent times
Mr Blakesive has handled works by lely,
Gainsbor ugh, Jean Baptiste Van Loo, Claudlo
Coello, Van Dyck and many other famous old
masters,

as

 

BROOKLYN SCHOOL BOARD,

Assistant Superintendents
Appointed.

At the meting of the School Board of the
borough of Brooklyn yesterday the fifte n
members who were appointed on Monday by
Mayor Van Wyek took their seats. Assistant
Bor: ugh Supterintendent John H, Walsh, whose
term had expired, was reappointed, and these
ad itional assistant superintendents were also
appointed: Charles W. Lyon, Jr, Principal of
School No 78: Mias Grace ©, Strachan, Princt-
ral of Branch School No, 42, and Dr, John
Griffin, who had long been a member of the
board, and was at one time Health Commis-
sioner in Brooklyn,

Three Additional

 

Gen. MeLeer tn Command,

With the departure of Major-Gen, Charles F.
Roe froin the country for three weeks, by per-
mission of Gov. Roosevelt, Brig.-Gen James
MeLeer of the Second Brigade becomes by
sentority the commander of the National Guard,
of the Stare of New York, Col. John G. Eddy
of the Forty-seventh Kegiment takes Gen
Meleer’s place at the head of the Second
Brigade

Dominican President's Wife Here,

Mrs. Santos Dominguez de Jiminez, wife of
the Preaident of the Santo Domingo Rep iblio,

and her two daughters were passenge 6 aboard
the Red D Line steamship Caracas, which ar-
rived yesterday from Venezuelan and West
Indian ports. They are going to Europe, ohiefly
to visit the Paris fair

tes Bae oe

Sorcign Botels.

OPPPPPPPP PALI PPL

THE SAVOY HOTEL,

London
The Savoy Restaurant,

plays during dinner and supper

CLARIDGES HOTEL,

frequented by the elite of London,

THE GRAND HOTEL,
Rome

PARIS

 

 

ICE TRUST GETS A STAY,

 

Justice Kellogg Grants It Pending an Appeal
From Justice Chester's Order,

ALBANY, July 3.—Justice Chester to-day
settled the order to be entered on his decision
given last week in the American Ige Company
case. The Justice, it will be remembered,
decided aguinst the company on all points and
vacated nd set aside the writs of prohibition
resiraining Referee Nussbaum from eX-
amining the officers of the company in the
yr ce dings instituted against them before
ustice Chase. Justice Kellogg at Plattsbure
to-day gronted a stay, pending appeal from
the decision of Justice Chester, in all progced-
ings in ice cuses.

The Attorney -General’s Department expected
that counsel for the ies company would find dif-
floulty in getting a Judge to grant a stay inthe
tuce of Justice Chester's opinion and were greatly
surprised ut Justice Kellogg's action, notice
of whieh was received by Attorney -Genern
Davies by telephone at his office in the Capitol
late this afternoon, Some comment was made
then on the fact that a stay had been Bo quickly
secured, and the circumstances surrounding
the case were thought to be rather peculiar.
As the order of Justice Chester on which the
stay had to be obtained was not entered until
noon to-day it was not possible for attorneys
to get from Albany to Plattsburg during the
afternoon, it baing six hours’ ride, As the stay
was probably made between 3 and 4o0'clock, the
fee company doubtless had attorneys already
on the ground, who were wired to make the
application for the stay at the proper time

The stay operates to tie up absolutely all
sroceedings before the reteree, as Justice Kel-
inegs order can be vacated only by the Judge
himself or by the Appellate Division of which
he is a member and which is not how In seRsion,

Attornes -General Davies will not permit the
litigation to be tied up thus pending the aj peal,
fe announeed this afternoon that he would
commence an action immediately in the Bu-
preme Court, third department, to annnl the
certificate granted the American fee Company
as a foreign corporation, perrnttting it to do
business in thia State. The Attorneys -General’s
Do-rartment will prepare the complaint in the
action immediately and expect to Serve the ice
company's attorneys with a copy of It within
afew days. The action to annul will be made
on the ground that the company is & monoy oly,
operating in restraint of trade The proceed-
ings before Referee Nusshaum were intended
to produce evidence on which such an action
was to be based, and the tying up of the proe
ceedings is not to be permitted to interfere with
the programme as originally laid out when the
campaign against the company was hegun

The appeal of the American Ice Company
from the decision of Justice Chester to the
Appellate Division was filed ith the County
Clerk of Albany this a'ternoon. The Appellate
Divsion will net sit again until September in
Saratoga Springs.

BROOKLYN HEIGHTS RAILROAD SUIT.

The Hearing Before the Attorney-General
Postponed Until July 21.

Aupany, duly 3.—Attorney-General Davies
to-day began the hearing on the application
of Stephen C. Baldwin, as counsel for ex-Sen-

suit against the Brooklyn Heights Railroad
Company for the annullment of its charter
on the ground that the company has violated
the statute under which it was created and is
operating by charging a 10-cent fare on cer-
talu of its Coney Island lines. The application
to the Attorney-General is an outcome of
MeNulty’s suit to restrain the company from
collecting the ten-cent tare within the city limits,
on the ground that it is illegal

Thomas L. Hughes of Sheehan & Collin rep-
resented the Brooklyn Heights Company in
opposition to the application, He requested
a postponement of the hearing, because Prof,
Collin, who has had charge of the railroad
company's litigation, was engaged in New

ersey and could not be present

' Mr Haldwin said he should strenuously
oppose the plan to postpone the hearing, as
the attorneys for the company had had ample
time to familiarize themselves with the papers
which were identical with those presente
to Justice Dickey several weeks ago. He
also opposed adjournment on the ground that
the people were being held up by the throat
and robbed of thousands of dollars for every
day the matter was delayed ie the continued
charging by the company of the
onthe Kttorney-General decided to postpone
the hearing and suggested that an adiourn-
ment be had until noon of July J1 or 12, and
the former date was finally agreed to

cesta SSS SSS SSS ele esse SS SSS SSS

WAS MANAGER'S
Actress Fanny Everett Lays Claim to Eas-
lick’s Estate,

 

SAYS SHE WIFE.

 

In the contest over t! ¢ will of ThomasEdwin
Faslick, a vaudeville manager under the name
of Thomas Miaco, a motion was made before
Surrogate Thomas yesterday on behalf of the
daughter Edna for the appointment of a rela-
tive, Mrs. Ball, as temporary administrator.
Miaco left ail his estate to his daughter, except
$2,000, which be gave to Fanny Everett, who
had been his leading actress for several years
He left $55,000 and lea-es of a theatre in Omaha,
the Trocadero of Chicago and the Trocadero of

*hiladelphia,
: Vanwe iverett is contesting the probate Her
lawyer, Mr. Loewy, said yesterday thatshe had
Hved for ten years asthe wife of Miaco, and con-
tends that she i- his widow, and that ifshe was
not bis wife she is entitled to all the estate, be-
cause sh» had worked for Miaco for ten vears.
Whether she Is Miaco'’s wife, he stated, he
would have passed upon by a juryin the Su-
preme Court.

There were two trunks, he said, which would
come into possession of the administrator ap-
pointed, which contained documents which
would establi h that his clent is the widow of
Miaco, and he wanted a disinterested person
named, Surrogate Thomas re-erved decision.

QUEENS SUPERVISORS DONE FOR.
°

 

Two Decisions Which Practically End OMctal
Life of the Board.

Justice Gaynor has rendered two deci-ions
that practically end the official existence of the
Queens County Board of Supervisors. The
Supervisors asserted that they held over after
Jan. 1 owing to the failure of the Legislature to
provide a proper custodian for the county
property. The city officials Held that the Board
of Supervisors ceased to exist with the close of
1800 and refus’d to recognize any of its acts
Tho ras A. Brown, cler< of the board, Lrought
anactionto ree ver the amount of his salary
for the month of Apriland Justice Gaynor has
decided against Brown. Joel Fowler, De; uty
Comimissioner of Public Buildings, Lighting
and Supplies,in. the borough of Queens, as-
sumed contro! of the county court house and
gave a contract to John J Petry, a Long Island
City plumber, to puta new roof on the build-
ing. The Board of Supervisors applied to
Justiee Gaynor for an injunction to pr vent
Fowler from Garezing out the contract unless
by permission of the Supervisors. Justice
Gaynor's decision was filed yesterday and it
denied the application.

 

The Prairie at the Navy Yard,

The cruiser Prairie arrived yesterday at tho

navy yardin Brooklyn from the I Island
yard and will undergo repairs. —

(SS

ee Te

ator P. H. MeNulty of Brooklyn, that he bring |

ten-cent fare. ;

   

The Restaurant Marivaux,

 

 

?

Foreign Dotels.

rere ew Se

 

 

Overlooking the Thames and Embankment
Gardens; commands an incomparable view,
By night a fairy scene. A rendezvous for
American society and European nobility,
The entire house, nearly 300 rooms and 100
bathrooms, is sumptuously furnished with
latest improvements, I¢ is absolutely
fireproot, down to the concrete Geora,
Pure water from an Artestan well.

MR. HENRI MENGAY, Gen. Manager,

Of international fame, is under direction of
the famous Chef, Maitre Thouraud. Meals
are served on tho romantic terrace over.

looking the Gardens and River, with St, Paul’s and Westininster in sight. Au Italian orchestra

Grosvenor Square, in the centre of fashionable

London; is the abode of royalty and aristoo-
racy. The best and costliest materials have

been employed in the furnishing, Complete suites, including separate vestibules, insures

lute privacy if desired, A Royai Suite (Prince of Wales's) with separate entrance from oo
street. Over 300 rooms and 100 bathrooms, The whole house ts absolutely freproof and
four broad fireproof staircases Insure absolute safety, .

The restaurant is
Mi, HENRI MENGAY, Gen, Maeno”

Is universally recognized as the most beautifal
and comfortable, as it is the nowest, hotel
in Italy, It ts the chief rendezvous of Amert«
ean and English society. The lobbies and

restaurant, under picturesque illumination
resemble a veritable “midsummer night's
dream.” Mi. A. PFYPPER, Manager,

More familiar as “Joseph's” Oppo»

alte the new Opera Comique, hag
an international reputation af
long standing.

   

NEW YORK'S

IMPORT OF GEMS.

 

A Falling Off in Them This Year Due to the
War in Africa.

The value of precious stones examined and
passed by Appraiser Wakeman at this port dure
ing the fiscal vear ending June 30, 1900, ie as
follows: Cut, $10,927,072.94; uncut, $4,067,087.68,
Total, $14,984,110.57. Last year the amounte
were: Cut, $11,996,310.45;

Tora tists t Uncut, $6,030,401.40,
8 shows a falling off for the year -
pleted of about $3,000,0000, whieh ote’ wreaant
pe attributed to the disturbance in the Blam
stry as a result of the siege of Ki riey,
no diamonds having Boon bniaed’ aane a
period of neariv four months. There a
scarcity of rough diamonds in the market @
pecoens, and such cut diamonds as are offered
for sal» are at vrices above figures which im-
ters are willing to pay. The im
May and June of this Pear show on tear eee
over the previous months, and It is reaso 6
to presume that from now on the diamond im-

portations will ual, if not exceed, those
previous years, " ’ ” -

 

MARINE INTELLIGENCE.

 

MINIATURE ALMANAC~THIS DAY.

Sun rises......4:27) Sunsets 7:49! Moon sets .11:18
HIGH WATER—THIS DAY.

Sandy Hook.11:38| Gov 1'412:10) Hell Gate....8:00

 

Arrived—TUESDAY, July’

U.S, transport Crook, Walcott, Boston,

Ss Nubia, Rorden, Stettin, June 18 ome 8
Ss Havana, Stevens, Havana, June 10.

Ss Allianca, Skillings, Colon, June 26.

Ss Kafr Prince, Smythe, Santgg, June 18.

Ss Fothergili Hopper, HarbadoW June 23,

Ss Leon XIIL, Gomez, Havana, June 30.

Ss Rowter, Phillips, Batoum May 30,

Ss Chalmette, Blasiand, Cardenas, June 26,

Ss Caracas, Woodrick, Puerto Cabello, June 28
Ss Madiara, Fraser, Demerara, June 20,

Ss Westhall. Morgan, Buenos Ayres, June 7,

Bs opel, a Tre Seaton, June 20,

Ss City o rmingham, Kurg, Savann

Ss Jamest wn, capey. Norfolk, July - wrt
Ss Old Dominion, Durkee. Boston, July 2.

Ss Herman Winter, Grove, Boston, July 2.

Ship Albania, Brownell. Singapore, Feb. 18.
Brig Venturer, Fernandez, Port au Prince, June &%

ARRIVED OUT,
Ss Rotterdam, from New York, at Boulogn
Ss Patricta, from New York, at P) woeik »
Ss Furnessia. from New York, at Glasgow.
Ss Werra, from New York, at Gibraltar.
Ss Servia, from New York, at Liverpool

 

SAILED FROM FOREIGN PORTS
Ss Pretoria, from Plymouth for New York.

 

OUTGOING STEAMSHIPS&

 

Sail To-day,
Matis Close Verse Sate,
St. Louls, Southampton... 700 AM
Majestic, Liverpool! BOOAM 12 00 4™
Kensington, Antwerp..... 1030AM 13 00M
Navahoe, Charleston Sib6s score 800PM
Satl To-morrow.
La Touraine, Havre....... 630AM 000
Katser Friedrich. Hamburg 630AM ip 09 A
Yucatan, Havana........, 100P M 300k
Trinidad, Bermuda....... &00AM 1000AM
Button, Pernambuco....., 1080 AM 1200
| Niagara, Nastau... .... 100P M He
Senecs, Tampico.......+.. 100PM 300
F1 Cid, New Orleans....... ......+ ’ 300P
Sall Friday, July 6.
Leon XIII, Cadig.......... ' wo
Rio Grande, Brunswick... Soop
Seminole, Charleston... ., 300P

 

INCOMING STEAMSHIPS,

 

Due To-day.

DOB sos cisccvivcccreneses avre...., June

Texas..... . Shields.. » June

Noordland.... . Antwerp . June

Pocahontas... +. Gibraltar... ...+..June

Seminole.......... » Jacksonville ...... July
| Genesee......... »» London... ... .... June
| Sirdar........ » Gibraltar...

    
 

El Norte 2 or

  

CFR v5 Ce-oCHnre

=
3
Ceveretereee—— teens

Oceanic....... Liverpool

Barbarossa...., remen une
Lahn abs eas Bremen.. + June
Kalser Wilhelm II.. + Gibraltar . . June
Marlotta............s00008, London...,.. roves June

Due To-morrow

European seeegeeeeces DONON, .ceee eee Sane 23
Chateau Lafite... ordeau: » June

   
 

   

Jersey City......5 ie wansen.... . June

Maskelyn.......+. St. Lucia ’ June 26

El Monte...........000086, New Orleana,......June §0

Tallahassee... .s...cseees Savannah ...,.., -Juy 8
Due Friday, July 6

Columbia TY Hamburg.

Pennsylvania Hamburg

  

   

  

Christiana 7). Gibraltar
Cereda Falmouth
Due Saturday, July %.
Campania Liverpool. ....+.....une 80
Spartan Prince sooo GiDra\tar.. June i
Plequa.s.seee -Abraltar........... Jume 83
Due Sunday, July 8,
Siatendam Rotterdam ......0.June 26
La Gaseogne Havre June 8
Mesaba London ‘ . June 2
El NOPte......00:seecees New Orleans . duly

KEEFFFE-NOOLEY.—At 425 Trinity pl, Elizabeth,
N. J., by the Rev. Dr. E. B. Cobb of the See-
ond Presbyterian Church, Steven J. Keefe to
Aune Baleo Hooley.

wmIByD.

BROKAW.—At the Carlton Hotel, London, of pnew
monia, on June 28, 1900, Elizabeth F. Gould, be
loved wife of William V. Brokaw

Notice of funeral hereafter.

CARNEY,.—On July 2, 1900, Patrick Carney, berm
in Kings County Parish, Welch Island, beloved
husband of Alice Flood and the late Julia Devine,

Funeral from his late residence, 145 Onkland st,
Brooklyn, Thursday afternoon at 2 o'elock. Inter
ment at Calvary Cemetery.

CURTIS.—At Mount Washington, N. H., om Gatur
day, June 3°, 1900, William B. Curtls, who per
ished in an {ce storm and bitzzard.

Notice of funeral hereafter.

DURYEA.-—On Tuesday, July 3, 1900, Matte Le
Sage, wife of Louis T. Duryea and daughter of
Harriet C. and the late Cariton Le Sage.

Funeral services at her late residence, 189 Prospect
place, Brooklyn, Thursday, July 5, 1900, at &
P. M. Interment at convenience of family, Please
omit flowers.

O'REILLY,.—On Tuesday,
O'Reilly, aged 68 years.

Funeral from hislate residence, 244 East Fortieth
st, Thursday, July 5, 1900, at 1:30 P. M.

STOUT,—On Monday, July 2, 1900, at her reddenea,
21 Past #th st., Anne Morris, daughter of the
late William Walton Morris of Morrisanie er’
widow of Aquila G, Stout, In the 05th year
age.

Funeral services will be held at Grace Chu
Broadway and 10th at., Thursday, July 6, 1
atlO A.M. Interment at Greeawood Cemetery.

CYPRESS HILLS CEMETERY.‘
Office, 1 Madison av., corner 334 ot., N. ¥.

Special ‘Rotices,

AVOID baldness. gray hair.dandruff and thin locks

 

 

July 3, 1900, Joan

 

S —

 

 

by using PARKER'S HAIR BALSAM
HINDERCORNS, the te-teure forcorna, Sem |
Rew Publications.
JQOOKS IN IRISH—Lrish nov, woos 7
B* &e; catalogues free, “RAAT 1 a. .
‘
he

ope