as

Mtg ese

to go, Watson's

HARRIMAN ON HIS GAME.

CHAMPION MAKES A NEW RECORD
FOR THE GARDEN CITY LINKS,

Matoh Play Rounds in U. 8.G. A, Tournament
Bring Ont High-Class Golf—Travis Pate
Wateon, Jr., Out After a Fine Game~ Doug-
las, Hollins, Jr., and Shaw Among Sarvivors,

Incidents of consequence marked every phase
of the first match play round of the amateur
golf championship yesterday at the Garden

City Golf Club. lor one thing, one of the

grandest players of the younger set, RK.

C. Watson, Jr, wis put out by Walter J. Travis,

yet, to console the followers of the young blood,

there remains i: to fight again to-day Harry B.

Hollins, Jr, the interscholastic champion,

and five of the college players, Hitch-

cook, Jr, Robertaon, Stuart, Byers

Averil) Another tmportant happening was

the brilliant game put up by A. M.

Harriman, the amateur champion, who went

outin the afternoon in 36, anew record. F.S

Douglas, the former champion, also proved that

* he waa on his game, while A G. Lockwood won

from A. 1. Norris in a way that seemed to
indicate that on a pinch he might have revealed
a record-breaking game
was that iwo of the three amateurs who relied
upon profession Is as caddies were put out.

There was rather a high southerly wind blow-
ing, but it could hardly be called an unpleas-
ant factor, for it tempered the heat and made
the walk over the links enjoyable to both play-
ere and onlookers. As on the nedal play day,
there was not a great concourse of spectators
present, the “gallery” being made up of a
couple of hundred enthusiasts, who had run
down from town, and about as many women as
men of the Garden City, Meadow Brook and
Wheatley Hills colontes

Only one of the representatives weat of Penn-
sylvania who started among the 103 tn the quali-
fying round has sti la life, T, Sterling Beckwith
of Cleveland. Boston has on the list of possi-
bilities Shaw and |.ockwood. Philadelphia has
W. M. MeCawiey, while Rochester as well as
Harvard are entitled to J. G. Averill, Byers
owes allegiance to both Pittsburg and Yale and
Beoranton has J. H. Brooks. Of the others,
J. A. Tyne Iives in New Jersey, Travis haila
from Flushing, Harriman is a resident of
Wheatley Hillsand Reid, Jr, lives at Yonkers,
while Richardson, Robertson, Hite!\cook, Jr.,
Douglas and Hollins are New Yorkers for most
of the year. John Stuart is entered from
Princeton, where he learned the game, although
his parents I've at Chicago. The list indicates
how widely diffused is the interest inthe ont-

come of the week's play, aside trom the golfing
point of view
‘The Travis and Watson match had the largest
following in the morning, the two having been
the leaders at medal play, and, to fan the inter-
est, it was known that onth ir past form there
was only little tochoose between them. The
luok of the draw had given to Travis a hard nut
to orack, but he accomplished the task,
although with not tco muh to spare, le-
noning with an ordinary hall in 5, Travis won
second ina par 8, Watson here missing aone
oot put to half. Another half followed, when
ataon evened the score on the fourth green
in 6 to 6. |‘ wo halvesin 4 followed, absolutely
oot put, Travis won
Here he was astroke under bowey, which Wat-
gon had equalled) Watson missed his drive
from the eighth tee, and he overplaved his
Bpproach fo the ninth, Travis winning both
olesinagands5. ‘ihreeupat theturn Travis
took the next fourin4, 4.3, 5, perfect golf. A
4 halved tpe fourteenth Playing easily
hereafter Travis was 5 up at the end of the
morning
Watson made a strong bid to regain the lead
at the beginning of the afternoon round, After
wo halved holes he won the third in 4 to &

ch missed a chance through the gree |
; e fo Open ee tee | made a pretty stroke and they both had a good

they halved the fourth in 6 A row of three
holes in 4s won for Watson, and, as they
ved the remaining two, Watson waa 1 down

at the tur). He would have won the
ninth, only for ‘Iravis holing another long
but. Usually bis weak point, Travis was ad-
mirable on the pulting greens throughout the
match Thetenth,apard was wo) by Trivis,
with the sid of a green-length put,in8 The
halves followed On the fourteenth Watson
had ayar 4, while Travis was short on the ap-
romh and necdeiastroke One down, with 4
f riends thought he still might
»thetrick, but a wild appr ach at the next
hole enabled Travis to regain his lead of 2 up

Playing for halves Travis won by 2up and 1 | m
; : Pp andl (0) pect which Vardon seemed to take for his

go. Thecards
Travis
Watson
Travis
Watson
Travis......
Watson
Travis...
Waton . A §
*Bye not played
Young Livingston, who, sinee he
riman in the We-throok open tournament
tsummer, wh ro} e lost ty only 1 up, has
Won quite a distinguished place in M.G. A. rec
ords. Hewrnt nut with Harriman vesterday
fnamotespinte. way and was 1oup at the
urn. The came was as close coming home,
ut, When t down, Livingston was bunkered on
his ecood or th: seventeenth. He won the
home hole ina pars, but wea t down on the
round. This was the state of affairs
stirred up tlarriman’s golfing energies, and
on theourt holes in the afternoon he showed

1 40

4! a4

hh 6 42—a82
i 44-48

" h- 46

4)
: 41—87—1469
6 ~48--84—172

weeen
VVoaveawen
@rnraFuo
H¥evesoan

flawless golf, making, as an instance, the 5o2- |

yardfourh hole in 4 and getting a 3 on the 200-
yardasixth hole. To the turn he was 88, three
strokes under be@ey. Livingston hung onina
crane way, wetting five hole in4’s, so that

© was only 5 down against thi. great card

arriman now had the match secure, winning |

y 8upand2toplay. The cards:
Harriman. . 4 45 6 644
Livingston. ..6 8 5 5 6 548
larriman.....5 4 5 5 58 4—45-89
vingston....5 5 B8?7 8-48—91
larriman. . 3 4-4 §a88
Avingston. .5 4 6 6 4-42
atriman ...5 6 f 5 * %§7—73
vingston 66 68 & & & %-§§77-

* Bye holes not played. tApproximated

Reginald Brooks, who had put out Douglas tn
the Metropolitan semi-finals at Garden City in
899, was tunable torepeat the feat yesterday

@ Was only one downat the end of the morn- |

ing, having scored repeatedly tn putting, an art
n whieh heisa past master Dougli> waa the
tier on the long game, but often in diMculties
rom the tee- through getting a shee He
steadied down in this respect in the afternoon
nd, although he made amess of the second
ole, Douglas won out easily. The ecards

elas 8564 5-42
. Brooks...
las .

sf § 7-44

ug 3—42—84
R. Brooks... 4~—43-—-87
Douglas ..... 4—44
R. Brooks.. 5—49

las... fom ATO BE
R. Brooks 4 *—25—-74—161

* By* holes not pl: ved.

There wos inuch intereat {nthe Lockwood
and Norris math, forthe latter {s one of the
Steadiest scratch men in the M. G A. and,
while hard!y -e-nrdedas quite in Lockwood's
class, it was thought that he would make the
English-trained amateur extend himself The

orning round was a hot one, but, after keep-
ng [aokwood ‘oonly 2 up, Norris could not
old the pace in the a'ternoon. Heis a player
yne puts a lot of muscle into his game, while

kwood has the style that is untiring in a
Month. The caris:
Lock wood

cr.
‘swood

e7Rreruen
VUana Bes

e2teeves
© -aeeree

4~—42

4—45
4-44-46
5—45—A8
§—41

540
*~—31-72—158
*—30—76—164

ch i
* *ae7eae
* «2422000

NOguwausan
*F%sae2vace

e488
*Bye holes not pleyed.
Both the matches in which the schoolboys
took part were brilliantly played. They afforded
plenty of entertainment to the enthusiaata and
ibly, instruction, i! anything ia to belearned
y seeing an exper fn play. Their competitors
were alao of the vounger setand it was a treat
to watch the steadiness and skill shown by each
one of the quartette. Hollins, Jr, had
Richardson of Harvard as his  onpo-
nent. In the lone game they were
about equal, but Hollins, Jr., did not put well
inthe morning. In the afternoon
scholastic champton improved in this respect,<o
that he was able to Increase the lead of tho
morning and win by 2 up and 1 toplay. The
score shows how well the match was fought
out. Itis nota wholly die dream to sav that
Hollins, Jr, may be a double champion at the
end of the week. The cards:

Pieiiive, Je 6
hardson. ..5
Hollins, Jr....

Richardson...
‘ollins, Jr...

son
ollins,Jr .
son

o
-

~91
91
: 6—45
4~—45—02—183
5 5--4A—02--184
Asceley, runner-up to Hollins, Jr., (n the inter-
hlastic tournainent, was off somewhat on
ving, but he atoned for this by a grand
xi ng streak. He did not havea brasaie in
, Dut this was perhaps an advantage,
aaplend! cle

SeesoPu

but he wae not as steady as usual
up at the turn, Seeley had the match all
gauare at the end of the morning, bu' he finally
lost by Supand 2toplay. The cards
443
b—45
48-91
46-91
41
44
*—36—77—168
*~-37—81—172
ox!mated

star games of

| pr'he player, and when the

, ere tempting enough, Seeley relied on his
s x, Reid, Jr., . is opponent, was at times
,

Saerts*seseon
~SOseo3un
PRESLaeaauw
Nese202

Q2>
53

| out ro betliantly at

and |

Still another tneident |

ar golf, andthen, by wetting down a fifteen | ladies scored, vig; Misa K
the seventh in 4 to 5, |

| In
‘ast met |

| Out

that |

the inter- |

| the eniesing 0 t t end his

outward journey in 87, and putting Hu
| out by 7and 6. It was Yale against Harvard
| and thus a doubly welcome victory for

son. The cards;

Robertson ...3
Hubbard
Robertson
Hubbard.....

4-35
6-45
4-46—86
4-60-05
4-44
6—42
*—15—690—145
*—15-87—152

Robertson...
Hubbard
Robertson.
Hubbard .....4 5
*Bye holes not played
Kennaaay, the Montclair player who came
Nassau, broke even with
Byers inthe morning, and, after a desperate
finish, lost in the afternoon by a single hole.
Byers is another of the Yale team. Lhe cards:
Kennaday 4 5 4-40
Byers wn. vod 5 4-4)

4
Kennaday....5 4--45—85
By Boorse. 6 3-44-85

6

5

5

*

3
4
5
5
4
3
5

* *eee5ee
* *eegue Fe
* "seca
* *eeQ4ues
* *@2aa~%0

4
5
5
4
6

Peecuoce

Kennaday.... 4—45
B ers. 5-42
Kennaday.. 5—62--07—162
Hyers 6 6 4—-52-—04-170

Stuart, the Princeton boy, was 4 upin the
morning and maintaiued his lead to the end on
Robbins. He had an 8&5 to Roboins’s 91 in the
pgrain The afternoon totals for the Sirtesn

oles played were: Stuart, 63; Robbins, 65
Shaw, who made his morning round in 86, and
who went out in 42 in the afternoon beat
Rainey by 8 and 7. Tyngé was five up on
Kneeland in the morning and won out by ani
6 He made 90 in the morning and 44 going out
in theafternoon, J. H, Brooks scored over G
P. Tiffany by 2and 1, Brooks's total, including
the bye hole, was 181 and Tiffany's 186. McCaw-

2G@ese728
eeecoooan

| lev and Jenkins won in about the same scoring

average

Hitcheock, Jr. in putting out the interco!-
legiate champion, Pyne, did better work. He
won by 5up and 8 to play, The cards:

Hitechcoek ... ‘ 5 b—41

Pyne Saah
Hitehcoe! yd | +
si

4-4
*—35—76—164

ne :
Iiltehooek . .
Pyne
*-88—79--160

Hitchooek ...
Pyne oe a)

*Bye holes not played.

The summaries follow:

First Round—T. S. Beokwith, Oleveland, beat
James A. Stiliman, Newport, by § up and 2 to play;
Walter J, Travis, Oakiand, beat R. ©. Watson, Jr.,
Westbrook, by 2upand 1 to play; James A. f
Mortis County, beat H. P, Kneeland Colum bla Golf
Club Washington, by & up and 6 to play; Charles
Hitcheoek, Jr. Polot Judith, beat Perey Pyne. 24,
Princeton, by 5 up and 8 to play; John
Reed, Jr, St. Andrews, beat C. H. Seeley, Wee Burn,
by 8 up and 2 to ey T. Markoe Robertson,
Yale, beat Gardiner G. Hubbard, Harvard, by 7 u
and 6 to play; A. G. Lockwood, Allston, beat Alfre
L. Norris, Dyker Meadow. by 4 up and 3 to play. J
H. Brooks, Scranton, beatG T. Tiffany. Powelton,
be 2 upand | to play; John Stuart, Princeton. deat
Ardin M. Robbins, St. Andrews, by 7up andh to
lay, W. M. MeCawley, Marion Cricket Club,
Pitiadelphta, beat Stuart Stickney, St. Lous
Country Club, by 4up and Sto play; Findlay 8S,
Douglas, Fairfield, beat Reginald Brooks,
Meadow Brook, by 5 up and 4 to play:
Bi. M byers, Allegheny Country ‘ub,
beat Allen Kennaday, §Montelatr, by 1 up; Quincy
A. Shaw, Myopla Hunt Club, beat RA. Rainey,
Cleveland, by § up and 7 to play; Harry B. Hollins,
Jr, Weatbrook, beat C. Tiffany Richardson, Shinne-
cock Hills, by 2 up; J. @. Averill, Rochester Country
Club, beat r. Courtney Jenkins, Baithwore Country
Club, by 8 up and 1 to play; Herbert M.Harriman,
Meadow Brook, beat Louls Livingston, Wesi brook,
by 3 upand 2 to play.

Winners are paired as named for the second
round to-day.

Pecaccon
@xusceeeo
eeeccen

eFececce
N@seccean

GREENWICH, July 8.—A sweepstake and mixed
foursomes are on the programme for the
Fourth. Four women of the Montolair team
played a match with six of the Fairfield women
to-day, the score being 19 to 11in tavor of the
Fairflela team. In the Montclair team were
Mrs. Peckman, 0; Mrs. Dantels, 8; Misa Cross, 3
and Miss Marrom, 0. Four of the Fatrfleld
Rowland, 10; Miss
Adams, 8; Miss Hoyt, 8; Miss Ritter, 8. Mrs
Hilliard and Mra. Freman did not score

SovTHAMPTON, July 3.—There were at least a
thousand peopl+ on the Shinnecock Hilis Golf
(lub links to-day to see the Vardon-Hutohinson
natch, and they were well paid for their visit,
for it was as fine an exhibition of wolf as
has been seen in this country. Vardon on
his first round equalled the record for
the course, 70, made oT Hutchinson in
practice and outplay bis man at
every point. Vardon had the honor«n the
Arat tee and got off in goodatyle. Hutchinson

Ne. The next shot put Vardon on the green,
Hutchinaon approaching short. Vardon won the
hole witha 4. Vardon on his second drive car-
ried about two hundred yards and won the hole
in3. Driving off the fourth they both made
good distance and halved the hole tn ¢,
The fifth, a very tricky ho'e, as Vardon put it,
is neither adrive nor an iron shot. _Vardon
won with a good 3, For the sixth hole boi h got
away well, Vardon on his approach made a
shot that brought forth great applause and
won the hole intour. The record of the course
would have been lowered but for a
rathor peculiar thing happening. Playing for
the tenth areen the flag on the bunker was the

drive, and the bail hit the flag, hung on fora
minute and dropped tna the bunker. Alter this
Hutchinson was entirely out of it, and Vardon
won by 12 up, 11 to play. Score by strokes:

MORNING,

Vardon—
Out 43448 5—35
443554
64
4

4-35-70

7-43
4-37-80

Hutchinson -
Out eee 444
In sig see 45 4

APTERNOON,

Vardon—
‘ 3 4 6—S5
In soeee 4 3 4—386—71

Hutehinson—

Out ‘ 4 4 4

BG 4.55 dD 4 4
Total: Vardon, 71, 70-141;

150.

Monte.atr, July 3--The juniors’ match be-
tween Mon clair and Morris County waa played
to-day. The score:

MONTCLAIR.
Fd Freeman i
H. Wile x teorere |
George Holling |

4

5

6 6—41

4 5-55-70

8
4
4
6 4

Hutebinson, 79, 60—

MORRIS COUNTY.
Francis Robertson.... 0
Harty Bates ... ..... 0
Archie Turnbull.,..... 0

Total..

tteeeeeeeeeeeee O

LARNED BEATEN BY HALL,

The Middle States Lawn Tenants Tournament
Furnishes a Big Surprise.

The second day's play in the Middle States

championship lawn tennis tournament devel-

oped a big surprise at Orange yesterday after-

| noon in the defeat of W. A. Larned by kL. L.

Hall. It was Larned’s first appearance since
hisdefeat by J.D. Pell, a Columbia boy, at South-
ampton last August. He has taken great Inter-

| est In the game again this spring and showed

such good form in his practice that he has al-
ready been freely talked of as a possible member
of the American team for the international
matches next month. Hall is the veteran who
celebrated his return to competition this spring
by winning the New Jersey State championship
three weeks ago

In yesterhay's match Hall showed all of his
old-time skill and a little more speed than in
the New Jersey tournament. Again his under-
hand volleying and tricky lobs earned many
aces for him, and his [amous nerve was very
much in evidence. Larned completely out-

layed him in the first set and led up to 4-2 and
4 in the second, only finally to lose it by 7—6.
Hall's play was very atrong n the deciding set
and he kept Larned running about the court
in heart-breaking fashion he Summit ex-

rt seemed afraid to let out and hit the balls
rard and Hall was 60 active in getting about
and reaching them when he did that Ee soon
found it did not pay. Hall led up to 5—2, when
Larned pulled himself together and got two
Gouce garmes only to lose the set by 6-4 and the
match

One other surprise was in store for the er-
perts when Holcomb Ward beat EF. P. Fischer,
the Metropolitan champion, in straight sets.
To-day Hall meets Ward, Paret plays Wright,
Davis meets Stevens and Clothier plays Souther,
Yesterday's score follows:

Championship Singles—First round—J. P, Paret
beat H. McK. Jones, by default: B, C, Wright beat J.
S. Morris, 6—3, 6--3; Richard Stevens beat Dr. L. W.
Glazebrook, 6--2, 6—2; D. F. Davis beat E. P,
Larned, 6-2, 6—1; Holcomb Ward beat E. P. Fischer,
4—2, 6-4; E. 1. Hall beat W. A. Larned, 2-6, 7—5,
6—4: T. E, Souther beat l. W. Kendall, by default;
W. J. Clothier beat "R. O. Hicks,"’ 6-2, 6—2,

Championship Doubles—First round—D. F. Davts
and Holeomb Ward beat J. P. ParetandJ. C. David
son, 6—4, 6-2: 1. P. Colby and G. BP. Herrick beat
H. A. Colby and J. F. Talmage. Jr., 6—4, 6-2.

Oritant Fiel 1 Clab 820,000 in Debt.

HACKENSACK, July 8.—-The Oritani Field
Club, which is in financial straits, held a second
special meeting las’ evening to consider a prop-
osition for selling a portion of the club prop-
erty. This was voted down almost unanimous-
ly. During a heated discussion it was divulged

that Senator William M. Johnson had
made a l|iberat :ffer for a part of the
ground upon which to erect his pro-
posed pubiic library building, but the
offer never was made known Ww the club. It
was proposed to take up a burdensome club
mortgage by issuing serip, for which the Sen-
ator offered a liberal subscription. The proj-
ect, however, fell short. J. W. Thompson
charged that the improper management of the
club for a number of years was responsible for
ths present condition of affairs, which aliega-
tion created an excitement that led to the
resignation of Govs. William Morse and
James P. Clarendon, who resented the imputa-
tion upon their official conduct

After a prolonged controversy the meeting
adjourned for two weeks, when there will be a
proposition to change the nature of the club by
making it “wet.” This willexclud’ women and
children, which constitute an important ele-
ment of the organization. The deterioration of
Oritani {+ attributed primarily to a conserva-
evs management, w en ox ages orere
and more recenuy © organization of the
Hackensack Goif Club, There isa delin-
quent list in Uritani, The ciub’s debt is $20,000.

THE SUN, WEDNESDA

IT 18 YPSOLOPUS POMETELLUS.

That's the Name of the Insect That Ie Ravag-
ing Orchards in Western New York.

Geneva, N. Y., July 3.—Victor H. Lowe,
entomologist to the State experiment station
in this city, has just identified as ypeolopus
pometellus the Insect, heretofore unknown,
which has been so destructive in the orchards
of western New York this summer. This is
{te third known appearance in one hundred
and ten years. The attention of the experl-
ment station authorities was first drawn to the
insect by the large number of Inquiries which
were received early in June regarding it. It
has been found near this city and in countless
thousands in Wayne, Monroe, Orleans and
Niagara counties. It probably occurs In all
parts of the Statv. Wherever it has ocourred
it has been very destructive, whole orchards
in some cases being affected by it. It ts found
usually on apple trees, on the leaves and young
fruit of which it feeds. Its greatest injury
1s done to the young apples, the skin of which
it pierpes and the flesh of which {t eats.

Mr. |Lowe says that it is possible that the
insect may appear in even greater numbers
next year. So far as known the insect first
appeared in 1701 in New England and the
eastern part of this State, but it was not studied
until it second known appearance, in 1553
when it was again reported from New England
and from the Hudson Valley and adjacent lo-
calities. It was then described in a scientific
way by Dr. Harris, a reputable entomologist
of that day, and after much discussion by
scientists it was given the name It now bears.

The insect first appears as a small, active
caterpillar the firet week in June, about the

the canker worm disappears. The ca’

is about a fourth of an inch in length.

t ie characterized by a light vellow median
line along the entire length of ita back and a
darker line alo each side of about the same
width. The median line sometimes a fine,
darker line running its entire length, The
body of the caterpillar is light yellowish brown
in color, fading to pale sulphur yellow under-
neath. The colors vary in shading, the yellow
often having a marked greenish tinge, The
head of the caterpillar is pollehed It is very
active, and when the limb on which tt is is
suddenly jarred, {t drops in the air, being sus-
nded by a very minute silk thread, When

t crawls it does not form a loop, as does the
canker worm, The caterpillar provaby feeds
during two or throe weeks and then enters the
chrysalis state. It forms no cocoon, The
chrysalids are found attached to the leaves
upon which the caterpillars feed. The moths
appear about ten days later, The chrysalids
are about one-eighth of an inch long, while
the moth {9 about three-eighths of aninch The
moth is slate colored, with obscure yellowish
brown markings, No person, so far as known,
has ever seen the eggs of this insect, nor is
practically partnis of its life history known.

A few of the caterpillars are still feeding,
but most of them have entered the chrysalis
state. Mr. Lowe says, judging from its his-
tory, Ypaolopus pometellus is probably one of
those insects which appear, calise more or less
deetruction for two or three vears, and then
disa »pear, not to show (tself again until all
conditions for its rapid multiplication are ful-
filled. Mr. Lowe has several live specimens
of the insect and is now studying its life his-
tory.

BARK SUNK BY A SCHOONER.

The Schooner Said to Have Satled Away With-
out Offering Assistance.

Norrouk, Va. July 8.-Capt. G. R. Curvin
of the British bark Bessie Markham arrived
here this evening and told of the loss of the
bark and the drowning of one of his men. He
and the rest of the crew came in on the schooner
Cc. C. Lane, Capt. Tullock, which pioked them
up at sea three hours after the bark went to
the bottom

The Markham, which was owned by George
Mcleod of St. John, N. B., sailed from Phila-
delphia for St. John, June 25, with 1008 tons of
coal. On June 2s, at 7:30 A. M,, in a dense fox,
a big fiveemasted schooner loomed up in. the
fog and crashed into the bark The bark
was cut down below the water line, her fore-
mast fell and she went down within five min-
utes. Edward Kirby, a seaman, went down
with her. The survivors say that after the
gchooner rammed the bark, some one aboard
gang out: “Are you loaded?” and then the
schooner without pausing to offer aid sailed
away in_the fog. On her stern was painted
“Jennie French Potter, of New York.”

The crew of the bark took tothe boats and
presently were rescued.

SOUTH SPINNERS DISSATISFIED.
A Committee Coming North to Inquire into
the Fall fn the Price of Yarn.

CHarLorrTe, N. C., July 8—The following
committee appointed by the Southern Cotton
Spinners’ Association left here to-: tht for the

Northern markets; A.C, Miller, R. S. Rian-
hardt, J. A. Abernethy and George E. Wilson
The yarn manufacturers of the South hold
the commission merchanta ty the North  re-
spon-ible for the recent decline In prices. This
committee goes instructed to investigate the
condition of the market and if the ecormmis-
sion man is at fault it is very probable
that Southern agencies through which the
yroduct of the yarn mills in the South can he
handled will be established in New York, Phila-
delphia and Boston. Philadeiphia will be the
first stopping place.

TON OF GOLD FROM THE KIONDIKE.
The Steamer Dirigo Brings Down Seventy-
five Miners and About Half a Million.

SRATTLE, Wash. July 8.- The steamer Dirigo
from Skagway arrived this afternoon with
seventy-five miners and a ton of Klondike gold
from the Bank of British North America con-
signed to the Seattle assay office. The time
between Dawson and Seattle is now reduced to
ten days, witha possibility of reducing it to
seven.

The steamer Oregon arrived to-day from
Cape Nome beating all previous records, making
the trip In seven days and sixteen hours. She
brought out but few passengers and no
treasure. She reports creat activity in build-
ing at Nome and in mining operations on the
beach and creek diggings

Cornell Oarsmen Say They Were Defeated by
Better Crews,

Itmaca, July 8.—The Cornell oarsmen returned
from Poughkeepsle this evening. They felt
rather blue over the fact that they had lost
all of the three races in which they were entered,
All of them were in good health and not one could
be found who hadany reason to offer for the de-
feat other than they had met superior crews,
All have as muoh confidence in the veteran
couch as ever and every one will be as loya

to him as before. The men do complain, how-
ever, over the manner in which the course was
kept. The swells from the beats allowed on tt in-
terfered much with the racing. While all of
the crews had to get through these swells, it
happened that Cornell suffered the most from
them. It is likely that unless the authorities
at Poughkeepsie can give a positive guarantee
that the river will be kept absolutely free from
boats of every sort Cornell will ask for a new
course next year.

t the close of the races the ‘Varsity eight
selected the captain for next year. Henry
Ernest Vanderhoef, ‘01, was elected. Vander-
hoef has rowed for two years in the ‘Varsity
eight and is one of the strongest men in the
boat. No captain of the freshman crew waa
chosen

A Queer Boat Race to Be Sailed.

The boatmen of New York and Brooklyn are
talking of nothing else this week but a match
race that Ia to take place next Sunday after-
noon between John Shea of the Atlantic Dock,
Brooklyn, and W, J. Quigley, the best-known
boatman at the Battery landing, The two
men have each placed $100 In the

hands of a atakeholder, and the race wii| be for
that amount, winner to itake all. The condi-
tions call tora 19-foot Whitehall working boat
No ballast is to be allowed; but each contestant
can crowd on as much canvas as he thinks the
boat will stand. Oars will also be forbidden.
The boats will start at 3 o'clock on Sunday
from the Battery, and will go to Robbins Reef
and return.

“T have sails rigged up that were never heard
of" said Quigley yesterday. ‘I will have more
canvas on the boat than many a 60-footer car-
ries, The agreement of the race is that each
man can have one assistant onthe boat. I have
so great asail spread that my assistant and my-
selPare only going to wear our underclothing
during the race, as the boat will be cranky to
saythe least. But that money ain't going to
Brooklyn.” ;

The betting along the Battery yesterday was
5 to 8 in favor of Quigley’s boat.

Death Report From Cuba.

WASHINOTON, July 8.—Gen. Wood has tele-
graphed from Havana the following death re-

port:

June 23, at Bayamo, Private FWilllam?H. Brown,
M, Tenth Cavalry, typhoid fever, Santa Clara, June
22, Private John J. Dougherty, Troop B; June 29,
Private Ivry B. Brader hospital corps, June 30,
Privaty Edward MeGuire Troop H, ali Seeond Cav
alry, all yellow fever; June 20, Louls Westerman,
civilian In charge well boring, yellow fever

June 23, Pinar de) Rio, Private George D.
Reinegar, Troop E, Seventh Cavalry; — Private
George Hayne, Company F, Firat Infantry; June 20,
Private Mack Sneed, Company G, First Infantry,
ol Boe 20. Colt sable, Desrecks, Wohn D, Sutton,

une
villian clerk, ye ever.

'

SAD FOURTH FOR ATHLETES.

BODIES OF W. B, CURTIS AND ALLEN
ORMSBEE REACH HERE TO-DAY.

Lamentable Fate of Two Noted Athietes—Both
Perish in Bliszard While Attempting to
Climb Summit of Mount Washington
~Younger Man Almost Reaches the Goal,

Members of the New York A, C. and other
athletic associations thronged the clubhouse
at Fifty-ninth street and Sixth avenue yes-
terday to learn further particulars of the sad
death of William B. Curtis, who, in company
with Allen Ormsbee, a member of the Crescent
A. C. of Brooklyn, lost his life in an attempt
to climb Mount Washington, some time between
Saturday afternoon and Monday morning.
A further telegram was received confirming
the brief despatch as to his death received on
Monday night and stating that Mr. Curtis
and his companion were frozen to death in
the blizzard which raged for two days at Mount
Washington, and which was one of the most
severe on record for this time of the yeer in
the White Mountain range.

The bodies were found more than a mile
apart on the Crawford bridle path, the route
which they had previously selected for their
climb to the summit. That of Ormsbee lay
only about an eighth of a mile from the Sum-
mit House, the haven which he was evidently
trying to reach in order to obtain aid for him-
self and companion.

Mr. Curtis, Allen Ormsbee and Fred B. Ilgen,
all enthusiastic mountain climbers, started on
a tour of the White Mountain peaks early last
week. After ascending some of the outlying
summits, they reached the Twin Mountain
station on Friday night. Ormabee and Curtis
took a train to the Crawford House early Sat-
urday morning, with the intention of climbing
Mount Willard, and later ascending Mount
Washington by way of the Crawford trail.
Mr. Ilgen left Curtis and Ormsbee at Twin
Mountain, and went late by rail to the summit
of Mount Washington In company with sev-
eral hundred members of the Appalachian
Mountain Club, who were on their way to their
thirty-fifth annual fleld meeting.

The morning was pleasant but at noon on
Saturday clouds began to roll up along the en-
tire Presidential range, of which half a dozen
peaks are traversed by the Crawford path.

When the Appalachian party reached
the summit, a flerce storm was raging and it was
almost impossible to stand in the face of tho
icy blizzard. The keenest anxiety was felt for
the safety of Curtis and Ormsbee, as it was
known that they were to start out on the Craw-

ford trail that morning. Thaddeus Lowe and
Byron Lowe, who have spent ther lives as
wuides in the vicinity of Mount Washington,
started out in the tace of the blizzard on Satur-
day night in search of the two men, but before
they had gone any distance the fury of the
storm drove them back, On Sunday it waa still
impossible to venture out in thestorm. On
Monday morning as Louis Cutter of Winches-
ter, waa making his way down the Crawford
bridle path in hope of meeting the missing men,
he stumbled across the body of Mr. Curtis
lying near the path,

The place was near the Lakes of the Clouds.
Cutter spent some time looking about for Mr
Ormsbee. He then returned to the summit
and on his way met several members of the
Appalachian party,one of whom was a4 friend
of Ormsbee. These men tin their search of
the yiecinity found two cameras, indicating
that the missing men had reached that point,

While returning to the summit Mr. Parker,
who was one of the party, found the body of
Mr. Ormebee only a short distance from the
Stunmit House. In this case, as in that of
Curtis, the position of the body Indicated that
the man had struggled until overcome by the
severity of the storm. It is thought that the
two reached the shelter of the peaks of Mount
Monroe and that Mr. Curtis, being the elder
of the two, waited there while Mr. Ormsbee
pitenpted to reach the summit and summon
wih
The phveaictan at the Summit House said
Ormsbee had probably died twelve hours earlier
than Mr. Curtis. Tortured bv fears while wait-
ing for Ormsbee, it is thought Mr. Curtis started
over the iev, wind-swept path, only to meet
his death, The gale was phenomenal.

Oscar Barron of Fabyan’s took charge of
the bodies and a special train brought them
to the base of the mountain. Arrangements
were at once made for conveying the remains
of the two elimbers to New York, and infor-
mation was received at the N. ¥. A. C. club-
rouse vesterday afternoon that they would
eat the Grand Central depot at &30 this

arriy
Jigen, who is an old

morning in charge of Mr

frend of the dead athletes
A meeting was held atthe New York A.C.
last night to arrange for the reception of the
remains to-day and for the funcral services.
The following were present, many of them
being members of the New York A. C. aa well
as the Fresh Alr Club:

Harry BF. Buermeyer, N.Y. A. C.: W, Hallock, Co
lumbia University; W.C. Taylor, H.C. Wade, R. J.
Mucay, L. Leg'en, JF. Horn, A. O, Zabriskee, BF
Leaner, 1. R. Sharp, John Prochazka, C. Brower, T
J. Montgomery, Mortimer Bishop, Cyril Robinson and
Philip Rand, Fresh Alr Club, and Hugh H, Baxter,
N.Y.A.C

A.J. Ormsbee, the father of Allen Ormsbee,
who met his death with Curtis, had b-en com-
miunicated with and it was decided to have
the funeral services of both take place at
the Madison Avenue Presbyterian (Church
on Friday = morning Mr. curtis will
be interred at Woodlawn Cemetery, but
it is rot yet decided where Orinsbee's
body will be laid. The latter was 29
years old and connected with the Russell and
Frwin Manufacturing Company. He was a
member of the Crescent A. C., as well as a regu-
lar participant inthe Fresh Air Club excur-
sions, and lived at 183 Joralemon street,
Brooklyn.

lhe following committee was appointed to
receive the bodies and attend to the funeral
arrangements: LH Buermeyer, Mortimer
Bishop and Sam-'el J. Montgomery

lhe idea of holding the funeral services at the
New York 4. (©. house was abandoned, as Mr
Ormsbee was not a member of the club, and it
was thought more desirable to have the ser-
vices over the two ill-fated companions con-
ducted together.

Mr. Curtis was unmarried, but his brother,
Edward H. Curtis, who Hves In Chicago, has
been notified and wi!l bein New York to-mor-
tpt morning, when he willbe the guest of the
Bie aes

The erection of a tablet to the memory of
Curtis and Ormsbee on the spot where they
succumbed, was considered at the meeting and
the details jeft to the committee,

Atund had been ratsed ameng the mem-
bers ot the New York A. +’. to have life-size
oil paintings of Curtis and Duerreyor made for
the clubhouse, but the former had not given
the artist a sitting,

It was proposed last night that in leu of the
photograph a cast of the athlete's face be
taken and a bust modelled for the clubhouse,

Harry Kuermeyer, the ex-champton heavy-
weight boxer and all around athlete, who
has been a_ life-long friend of Curtis
was exceedingly cut up at his death,
news of which did not reach him un-
til yesterday morning, At the last annual
dinner of the Fresh Air Club held tn celebration
of Curtis's sixty-third birthday, he seamed to
have a prescience of his approaching end,and in
a speech reminded theme bers that they must
get accustomed to selecting routes for them-
selves, ax they could not reckon on having him
as pathfinder much longer, Littl¢ was thought
ot his words at the time, but they were re-
called by the gloomy crowd that discussed
every incident of the pathfinder’s career in the
lobby of the club house last night.

The expedition which resulted in the death of
two of the four members of the Fresh Air Club
was originally acheduled to start on June 16,
but was postponed for a week. Professor
Parker, the fourth member of the party, will
accompany FG. Ilg@en and the remains of the
two who were killed to tils city.

Appointments to West Point.

WasHinaron, July 3.—The following Preat-
dential appointments to West Point Military
Academy under the act of June 6, 1900, provid-

ing for ten additional cadets to West Point
from the Untted States at large, have been
made for admission this year’

Wiillam Stuart Dowd, son of Mr. Herman Dowd of
New York elty; Thomas Duncan, son of Major Joseph
W. Duncan, Thirteenth intantty; Louis Netison,

randson of the late RearAdmiraiC, R. P. Rodgers,
f S. N. Roger D. Black, son of Major William M,
Black, Corps of Engineers; Joseph W. Stillman of
Yonkers, N. ¥.; Sherman D, Chambetsof West
View, Ohio: Henry [oss of Nashville, Tenn,, son of
the Rev. Dr. .. b. Hoss, editor CArtsttan Adroecate;
Henry J. Retlly, Jr, sonof Capt. Henry J. Rellly,
Fifth Artillery, Kenzie B. Ecmunds, son of Major
Frank H. Edmunds, First Infantry whoreecently died
in Cuba of yellow fever, Franets W. Honeycutt, son of
the late EsplainJ. T. Honeyeutt, Siig Artillery,
who died In Florida in 1408 of typhold fever.

Alternates-First, Robert Madison Campbell of
Maryland; second, Willlam F. L. Simpson, son of
Major W. A. Simpson, fA. A.G, U.S. A. third, Jultus
V. Valle, Jr, of St. Louls, Mo.: fourth, Pearson Sanda,
son of Capt. G. H. Sands, Siatn Cavalry; fifth, Bruce
B. Butler, son of Capt. W. ©. Butler, Third Infantry;
sixth, Richard N, LaGarde, son of Major L. A, La-
Garde, surgeon UU’, S. A; seventh, Jacod G, Golden-
son of New York, eighth, Chartes L, Willlams, son of
Major ©, A, Williams, Seventeenth Pntaniey: ninth, C,
A. Russell, son of Lieut.-Col, George B, Russell, U,
S. A., and grandson of the late Gen. C, C. Augur;
tenth, Peiham F. Glassford, son of Mejor W, A. Glass-
ford, Signal Corps.

Appointments for Vacancies to Vecur by Graduation
in 1901 Sherman Miles, son of Lieut.en, Nelson
A. Miles: John 2. Bubb, son of Lieut.-Col, J. W.
Bubb, Twelfth Infantry.

Alternates-—First, Arthur R, Joyce of Minneapolis,
Minn.; second, John B, G, McClure, son of Major
Charles McClure, Paymaater, United States SNOT.

Appointments for the District of Colum bie—Lioyd
Burns Magruder; alternate, J, W. Churchill,

li BO eile SNe Ralls?

, JULY 4,

BATTLESHIP KENTUCKY'S SEA TRIAL, | TO WITHDRAW TROOPS FROM CUBA. |

Trial Board Reporte Her Structurally Perfect

—Machinery and Turrets Worked Well.

WasHINoTon, July 3.—The recent test of
the battleship Kentucky off Newport showed
that this magnificent armorclad was structur-
ally perfect, and that her superposed turrets
were worked quite as well as those of her sister
ship, the Kearsarge. In the report of the
Board of Inspection and Survey, which con-
ducted the final trial, the statement is made
that all the projectiles fired in salvo from the
after superposed turret “fell in the same line
and appeared to fall in the same spot.”

The board's report was received by the Navy
Department to-day. Tho trial was to test
the Kentucky In every particular to determine
whether she was built in accordance with plans
and specifications, and to decide whether any
repairs should be made by the contractors.
As required by the contract, the Kentucky
was kept at sea for forty-eight hours. The
machinery, both main and auxiliary, worked
well, and the average speed for a two hours
trial run was 18.95 knots an hour. The indi-
cated horse power of the main and auxiliary
machinery was 7,818. Coal was consumed
at the rate of 14,300 pounds an hour, or 1.83
pounds per indicated horse power.

Owing to defective polarization the firing
of the guna in the forward turret was not sat-
iefactory. Lieut. Bernadou, who had char, @
of this turret, says in a memorandum submitted
with the board's report, that the turret had
been fitted electrically for firing the guns indi-
vidually, and atemporary apparatus connected
with the Newport torpedo station was used
to fire them in salvo. Owing to the defect
mentioned, the right 1inoh gun and the right
&inoh gun of this turret were discharged pre-
maturely at different times. in a further
test one of the &inch guns was fired without
intention. “his shows,” says Lieut. Berna-
don, “that the battery should be carefully
insulated trom the ship. it also shows that,
with the present arrangenunent, & ground in
any gun may fire another gun.

in the alter turret the salvo was fired success-
fully, the 13-inch guns at 10,00 yards and the
8-inch guns at extreme elevauon, Lt is of this
salvo that the board testifies that the projec
tiles fell in line and apparently in the same
place. No casualties occurred in the firing,
although some boits on the guns were broken.
‘Lhe board says that during the turret tests
the blasts from the 8-inch, or upper turret
guns, did not inconvenience the officers and
men at (ie 13-inch, or lower turret guns, These
data were obtained,

Forward Turret—-Recoil of turret. structure
from right 18-inch gun, % inch; resultant rota-
tion of turret, 8% inches to left; recoil Irom
left 18-inch un, 4,000 yards elevation, 6-16
inch; resultant rotation, # inches to right; re-
coil from left &-inch gun, 4,000 yards elevation,
1-16 inch: rotation for same, 1-16 inch to right.

After Turret--kecoil of turret structure due

to salvo guns at 4,000 yards elevation, 0-32
inch rotation not given,
Several small guns failed to work properly.
The automatic six-millimetre Colt guns in the
tops failed to work properly, Cartridges
ammed and caused long delays. The board
yas the same criticism to make of the Navy
Department's action in giving a vessel its final
trial too soon after completion, as it made in
the case of the Keorsarge. It says:

“The board again desires specially to bring
to the Department's attention the fact that
the benefits intended to be obtained by. the
Government as a result of the final trial of the
vessel were not forthcoming, the vessel being
to all intents and purposes fresh from the hands
of the builders. Instead of the Department
having the benefit of five months test of the
vessel in all it. appurtenances and fittings under
service conditions, with the consequent op-
yortunity to develop defects and remedies
Pr same, the Trial Board was inspecting a
new and untried vessel under conditions of
hull, machinery, &c., which more properly
pertained to a first acceptance trial than those
which should be requested for the final ac-
ceptance trial,” ;

Recommendation is made that the first trial
of a vessel shall not take place until it has been
practically completed in all particulars, Gon-
erally the board reports that there was no
weakness and no. defective workmanship,
except in some inaignificant cases, and that
the machinery was in good condition, there
being no breaking down or signs of deterio-
ration, ,

LIEUT, REY SAFE IN TOKIO.

Naval Attache Left Pekin Before the City
Was Cut Off,

WasnhINGTon, July 3—-News of the safety of
Iieut. Albert Key, United St tes Naval Attaché
of the Amertean Legation; to China and Japan,
and Mrs. Key, who were supposed to be in
Pekin, came to-day in a telegram to the Navy
D partment about docking the Oregon. It
wns dated Tokio and signed by Lieut. Key,
He did not infirm the Department when he

left Pekin
Lieut. Key isasonof the Inte Judge Key of

Tennessee, who waa Postmaster-General in R
B. Hayes'’s eatinet. His wife was Miss Condit-
Siuth of Washington Miss Mary Condit-
Smith, Mrs. Key's sister, was the guest of
Minister and Mrs. Conger in Pekin when last
heard from. It is supposed, however, that she
accompanied her brother-in-law and sister to
Tokio. Mrs Leonard Wood, the wife of the
Military Governor of Cuba, is another sister of
Mrs Kev

Mrs Alta C. Baldwin, a sisterof Minister
Conger, was at the State Department to-day in
the hope of getting some reassuring news
about her brother and his wife. She wos nearly
distracted with anxiety, Mrs. Baldwin is a
clerk in the Agricultural Department.

Deaths of Soldiers at Manila,

WasntnoTon, July 8.-The following death
report from Gen. MacArthur has been received

at the War Department

Dysentery—July 2, William C. Geiger: June 23
Wititam H. Williams; Company L, Thirty fifth Votun-
ter Infantry, Rober: lb. (.erq; June 2), Company G,
Minth Infantry, Corporal Ernest L, Becker; Jnne 12,
Company 1, Thirty Orst Infantry, Willlam A, Cole;
June 26, Company B, Thirty seventh Infantry, Arti
ficer George Floyd and William J, Seeler; June 24,
Company F, Ninth Infantry, Jeremiah Murphy,

Drowned March 25, Company K, Forty-ninth
Infantry, Willlam Be; June 23, Company D, Thir
teenth, {nfautry, Clinton Vanveghton; June 17,
TroopjF, Third Cavalry, Louts Niemis and Harry A,
Jones, dune 12, TroopyM, Fleventh Cavalry, Harry
Osevald; June 27, Company M, Twelfth Intantry,
Joseph Gross,

Alcoholism—June 23, Company L, Sixteenth In-
fantry, Quartermaster Sergeant Frank si hmidt,

Variola-June 21, Company H, Fourteenth In-
fantry, Leroy C, Jones; June 25, Company H, Forty
eighth Infantry, Filjah Holland,

‘ardiac Fallure—June 28, Company B, Thirty-
eeventh Infantry, James Beasar,

Died from Wounds Recetved In Action—June 20,
Company§l, Forty fifth infaniry, Frank Welch: June
15, band, Sixteenth Infantry, Cook Wm. Lizinger.

Mavarial Fever—June 17, Company M, Sixteenth
Infantry, Dunean G, Crawford,

Pyemia—June 20, Company D, Fourth
John J, Richards.

S pticemia June 25, Company K, Third Infantry,
Corporal John \\. Wonn,

Died from Effects of Fa'l--June 28, Company K,
Forty-second Infantry, Ira A. Stevens,

Infantry,

Casualties in the Philippines,

Wasuinoton, July 8.—Gen, MoArthur has
sent the following list of casualties:
@Feb. 13, at Tabaco, Luzon, Company G, Forty-
seventh Infantry, Corporal Joseph C. Kauffman,
wounded in thigh, serious; Feb, 1, at Albay,
Luzon, Company G, Forty seventh = Infantry,
George W. Parker, wounded in hand, serious;
Feb. 6, Company G, Forty-seventh Infantry, Capt.
George B. Bentley, wounded {tn arm, serious;
Musictan Robert Blystone, wounded fu the
foot serious; Company F, Forty seventh Infantry,
Musician Arthur W. Mioes, wounded in the leg above
knee, serious; Herbert Shufelt, wounded In thigh,
serious; Company H, Forty seventh Infantry, Cor
oral John W. Walter, wounded tn the arm, ‘slight;
Mdwin R. North, wounded In the foot, slight: Homer
Gardner wounded In heel. slight; Company F, Forty-
seventh Infantry, Second Lieut. Willlam R. Harrt
son, wounded in both arms, serious; Feb. 2, at Le
aspl, Luzon, Company FE, Forty seventh Infantry,
Frank B. Sayre, wounded In the leg above knee,
serious; Edward L. Harpster, wounded in thigh, seri
ous; Sergt Charles Carig, wounded in the head,
serious; Sergt. Robert A, Dunn, wounded in
shoulder, slight.
Receipts and Expenditures of the Postal
Service.

WASHINGTON, July 3.--According to thestate-
ment of Auditor Castle of the Post Office De-

partment the receipts of the Postal Service in
the fiscal year just ended were $102,287,458, and
the expenditures $107,776,704, leaving a deficit
of $5,489,246, against $6,610,776 last year.

Army and Navy Orders.

WASHINGTON, July 3.—These army orders were

issued to-day
Capt. Thomas H Franklin, Assistant Commissary
of Subsistence from San Francisco tothe Philippines.
Capt. Albert B, Scott, Thirteenth Infantry, from
Port Porter to Fort McPherson.

These naval orders have been issued

Medical Director G. W. Woods, retired, from Aug
24.
7: Professor of Mathematics H. D, Todd, retired, from
Aug. 25.

Capt, 0, W. Farenbolt,to Asiatic station, July 19,
instead of July 10,

Lieut, W. J. Manion, to home when discharged
from hospital and sick leave granted one month.

Capt. W. C. Gibson, retired, from July 23,

Naval Cadet ©. T. Wade, ordered to the Chicago,
TN aval Cadet & LM, Mejor, trom the Chicago

av ‘ajor, from to

the Wilmington.

|

Cavalry and Infantry to Bo Sent to Gen, Mac-
Arthar at Manila.

WasuINoTON, July 3.-—-Plans for sending
regular soldiers to the Philippines to replace
the volunteers now there and for the with-
drawal of a part of the military force in Cuba,
will be completed within a few days. It was
announced at the War Department yesterday
that the Secretary of War had under consider-
ation the recommendation of Gen, Miles, who
has submitted a list of regiments to be sent to
the Philippines and to be withdrawn from
Cuba, The list to go to the Philippines in-
cluded several cavalry regiments, Gen, Mac-
Arthur having cabled that cavalry would be
more acceptable than infantry, In response

to Gen, Wood's protest it has been decided not ,
to withdraw at this time any cavalry from |

Cuba This decision was reached to-day, and
atthe same time it was determined to begin the

withdrawal at once of about 2,500 soldiers
from Cuba, An order for the return of three
regimente now in the island will be issued within
a day or two, The order will direct the return
of the Second and Fifth Infantry, and the third
iment will be either the First or Fighth
Infantry. Gen. Wood has approved the re-
turn of the Fighth Infantry, which is. now
stationed at Havana. The intention of the
War Department is to have the movement for
the return of these troops begin at once, and
it is expected that within two weeks at least,
the first of the three regiments will be under
way for this country.
Failing to get cavalry from Cuba for use
in the Philippines, the Secretary of War has
decided to secure cavalry regiments now in
service in the United States. There are but
two cavalry iments, the First and Ninth,
now remaining in the United States, and one
be He other, and probably both, will be ordered
anila.

As stated in THE Sun this morning, the Fif-
teenth Infan {es so far the only regiment
yncer orders prepare for service the
Philippines. Orders to a number of other
regiments will be issued from time to time,
but the full number of troops for service in the
Philippines will not be placed under orders
at one time, the expectation being that con-
ditions in the islands will be so improved that
it will not be necessary to send as many troops
there as are withdrawn.

AW anteA— Females.
OOK BIN DERS~— Wanted, experienced gold layers;

also girl to learn, TOMKINS, MclINDOK &
CO,, 171-173 Macdougal st

Domestic Servants Wanted.
A.A. A.

10 EAST 32D ST.
MRS. L. SEELY,
FOREIGN AND DOMESTIO
MALE AND FEMALE
EMPLOYMENT BUREAU.
ALL REFERENCES
STRICTLY INVESTIGATED.
Servants breaking engagements will be dis-
| eaiaee from office and forfeit all claims to fee
| paid.
| Brooklyn Office, 34 Nevina St.

( \HAMBERMAIDS, cooks, $20 to $35; young laun-
/ dresses, wallresses, French and German iadies’
matds, nurses, cooks who wash and iron, laundresses
whodo chamberwork, kitchenmaids. Mrs, L. SUELY,
19 Bast 32d st. Telephone call, 1085 Madison Sq;
Brooklyn office, 34 Nevins st
( ‘HAMBERMAID AND WAITRESS; two tn family;

for the clty; wages, $16, references required.
Mrs. L. SEELY, 10 East 32d st

(CHAMBERMAID AND WAITRESS to go to West
End, N. J.; wages, $16; references required.
Mrs. lL. SEPLY, 10 East 32d st

(COMPETENT LAUNDRESS to go to Madison, N.
4 J.; large family; good wages; references.
Mrs. L. SEELY, 10 East 324 st

YOMPETENT young woman as laundress, to go

to Southfirids,; good wages; permanent place;

re‘erences required
Mrs. LL SEFLY, 19 East 32d st

(000K: wages, $25, to go to East Hampton; per-
/ manent place; references required.
a Mrs. L. SEELY, 10 East 82d st,

(100K: four in family; wages, $20; ‘for the ety; ref-
erences required.
Mrs. L. SEELY, 10 East 324 st.

JMIRST-CLASS SWEDISH LAUNDRESS to go to
Lenox, Mass.; references required.
P Mrs. L. SUELY, 1¥ East 824 st

FIRSTCLASS W AITRESS for family now at Islip,
L. L.; wages, $20; references required
Mra L. SELLY, 19 Kast 324 at

I AUNDRESS; four in family; wages, $20 to $22;
for Westbury, L. I.; references required.
Mrs. L. SEELY, 10 East 824 st

AUNDRESS; must be thoroughly competent and
4 have good references; simali family; now at Wat-
erford, Conn, Mrs. L. SEELY, 18 East 32d st

] AUNDRESS; to assist with some chamberwork:
4 small family; good wages; references required;
to go W& Fairfeid, Conn

Mrs. L. SEELY, 10 East 324 st

AUNDRESS; wages, $20; five In family; to go to
4 Lawrence, 1, 1.: references required.
Mrs. lL. SEELY, 19 East 324 at

AND CHAMBERMAID; per

4 manent city place; Good wages; references re-
quired. Mrs. 1. SEELY, 19 East 32d at

T AUNDRESS

JARLORMAID; wages, $14; and competent walt-
res4, wages, $201) $22; to go to Willamstown,

Mass.; references required,

Mrs. lL. SEELY, 19 East 32d st

‘Wanted— Males.

Fest CLASS CUTTERS WANTED. Apply
AM, LITHC. Co., 19th st and 4th av., 10th floor.

W ANTED-—An office boy ina wholesale business;
must be wilitng to make himself useful wherever
Address, CHAIRS, box 144 Sun office.
\ "ANTED For U.S. Army, able-bodied unmarried
men between ages of 21 and 45, citlzena of
Vuited States, of good character and temperate habita,
who can speak, read and write English; recruits are
especially desired for service in Philippines For
information apply to Recrulting Officer, 25 34 av.,
67 East }25tb st, or 182 Park av., New York city,

required,

Situations Wanted—Femates.

A STENOGRAPHER AND TYPEWRITER,
i WELLL EDUCATED, QUICK, ACCURATR,
EXPERIENCED IN. VARIOUS BUSINESS
ELSE ottl “Whale BP ocd is
SUN OFFICE, is oe oo

(HAMBERM AID; good seamstress; wages, $20;
references required, M. T., box 501 Sun uptown
office, 1265 Broadway.

( YOMPANION—Musteal young lady desires home at

seashore or country in exchange for services as
companion: highest personal references given, Ad-
dress “ALICIA,” box 157 Sun office,

\OMPE TENT CHAMBERMAID; wages, $20; Ger-

/ man, good references’ E. W., box 586 Sun up

town office, 1265 Kroadway.

(100K AND LAUNDRESS., wagea, $20; good ref-
erences. M,. B., box 5¥2 Sun uptown office, 1266

Broadway

FRST CLASS LAUNDRESS: wages $25; city or
country; good references. H, , box 686 Gun
uptown office, 1265 Broadway.

7ITCHENMAID: private family: reference; no
cards. RYAN, 204 East 32d st, N. Y. etty

AUNDRESS: understands shirts, collars, cuffs,
4 &c.; food references. A. M., box 500 Sun up
town office, 1265 Broadway.

‘URSE: thoroughly understands the care of in-
4 fants: wages, $20; city references. M.D., box
649 Sun uptown office, 1265 Broadway

IPHOROUGHLY COMPETENT COOK; wages, $30;
city references J. K., box 587 Sun uptown
office, 1265 Broadway.

Situations Wanted— lates, —

BROKER'S OFFICE.—Situation wanted during
vacation term (July and August) by schoolboy,
17 years old, Address C. F. M., box 213 Sun office.

GALFSMAN having large trade among corpora
\ tlons in New York clty desires a position. Address
D., box 11 Hariem Sun office, 119 West 125th st

YOUNG MAN destres position as bookkeeper and
tynewrtter: can furoish references; salary mod-
T. J. F., box 178 Sun office,

Select Bourd.
East Side.

\ ADISON AV., 69--Eleganti¢ furnished suite and
* single rooms, with or without private baths;
table and attendance unexeeptionally fine; references,

erate,

Mabison AV., 47 Large and small rooma, au-
4 perior table; location central; transients ac-
commodated,

AJ ADISON AV. 15-155—Delighifully cool, large,
4 light rooms; en sulte and single, with or with-
out private baths; excellent table; references.

ST. ALBAN'S—B, W. DE FOREST, PROP.
‘5, Tand 9 Fast Sist st.—Central location; desirable
rooms; private baths: parlor dining room.

JaTH ST, 111 EAST—New management: cool
«7 rooms, board optional; Southerners and trans-
Jents accommodated: all conveniences; reasonable,

4 ST St., 5 EAST,—-Summer prices; excellent
cusine, parlor dining room; table board; trans
lents

Went Side.

] TH ST, 10% WEST—6th ay. station: clean
rooms, excellent board; electric fans in dinin
room, $6 weekly, 2 people $11; tee water; parlor; .
ano; bath
1: TH ST., 151 WEST — Large handsomely fur-
nished rooms with first-class table; also one
smal! one; transients

1: TIL ST., 253 WEST- Elegantly furnished clean
rooms, all improvements; superior board: tran-
stents accommodated: reference required.
1471 St. 287 West Handsomely furnished
large and small clean rooms; excellent board
permanent or transient
JQv ST. 443 445 WEST Superior houses; ex.
a? cuisttely furnished: fronting gardens; porcelain
tubs: dainty cuisine: worth Investigation

XD ST., 440 WEST —Handsomely furnished large
= and small rooms; all improvements; good table;
terms moderate.

YBd ST. 471 WEST-—First-class rooms;

without bath; meals optional; table d’hote; puuer

|
|

Select Board.

Went Side.

39° ST, 89 WEST—Parlor dining rooms; rooms *€
«= ensuite and singly ransients accommodated, &

34™ ST., 126 WES1—HNandsomely furnished;
e superior board; clean; reasonable
Q 47TH ST., 244 WEST—Back parlor; suitable for
3 doctor, also other rooms; Nght and cool; board
optional; summer rates,
THST.. 20 WEST.—House open all summer and
38 kept up to winter standard: prices low; refer-
ences required In all cases; call

Brooklyn.

COLUMBIA HEIGHTS, 138—Attractive room:

/ unobstructive harbor view: table service Gr:

class; five minutes to Bridge, ferries,

COLUMBIA HRIGHTS, 81 — Pleasant summer
home with excellent board; Dr. Shepard's Turk

ish Baths; Russian baths, eto.

; : = | eS
ONROE PLACE, 27—Heights; handsomely fur- sr
N : ‘00d Table: .

nished rooms; all conveniences; «
transients accommodated; table boarders desired.

ACIFIC ST., 468—Newly furnished square rooms;
all improvements; board option
only; convenient cars, island, bridge.
PULAski ST., 16—Newly furntahed rooms; seeond
floor unfurnished; all improvements; board op-
tional; convenient L and trolley.

Post Oftice Rotter.

Anan ane

~~

post OFFICE NOTICE.

(Should be read DAILY by all interested as changes

may occur at any time.)

Foreten mails for the week ending July 7, 1900, will
close (PROMPTLY In a)! casea) at the General Post
Office as follows: PARCELS POST MAILS close
one hour earlier than closing time shown below. Par-
cela Post Mails for Germany close at 5 P. M Monday
and Wednesday.

TRANSATLANTIC MAILS.

WEDNESDAY. —At7A. M. (aupplomentary © 4 M.)
for EUROPE, per steamship St Louis*, via
Southampton (mail for Ireland must be directed
“per steamahip St. Louts”); at 9 A. M. (suppie-
mentary 10:30 A. M.) for EUROPE, per steam-
ship Majestic’, via Queenstown; at 10:30 A. M.
for BELGIUM direct, per geamahip Renee n
(mall must be dire “per steamship K ing:
ton”).

THURSDAY. —At 6:30 A, M. for EUROPE, per
steamship Katser Friedrich’, via Plymouth and
Hamburg (mall for France, Switzerland, Italy,
Spain, rtugal, Turkey, Enypt and British
India, via Cherbourg, must be directed “per steam-
ship ‘Kaiser Friedrich); at 6:30 A. M. for
FRANCE, SWITZERLAND, ITALY, SPAIN,
PORTUGAL, TURKEY, EGYPT and BRIT-
ISII INDIA, per steamship La Touraine®, via
Havre (mail for other parts of Europe must be
directed “per steamship La Touraine”).

SATURDAY. —At 8 A, M. for NETHERLANDS
direct, per steamship Potadam (mall must be
directed “per steamship Potsdam”); at 8:30 A. M.
(supplementary 10 A. M.) for EUROPE, her
steamship Etruria’, via Qeeenaown ato A.M.
for ITALY, per steamship Kalser Wm. IL, via
Naples ‘mafl must be directed “per steamship
Kaiser Wm. II”); at 19 A. M. for SCOTLAND
direct, per steamship Anchoria (mail must be
directed “per steamship Anchorta”): at 11 A. M,
for NORWAY direct, per steamship Norge (mail
must be directed “per steamship Norge”).

*PRINTED MATTER, ETC.—German steamers
sailing on Tuesdays take Printed Matter, ete.
for Germany, and Spectally Addressed Printed
Matter, ete., for other parts of urope. Amert-
can and White Star steamers on Wednesdays,
German and French steamers on ‘Thursdays, an
Cunard and German steamers on Saturdays take
Printed Matter, ete., for all countries for which
they are advertised to carry mall

After the closing of the Supplementary Transatlantic
Mails named above, additional supplementary
mails are opened on the plersa of the America
English, French and German steamers, an
remain open untfl within Ten Minutes of the
hour of sailing of steamer.

MAILS FOR SOUTH AND CENTRAIL AMERICA,
WEST INDIES, ETC,
THURSDAY.—-AtSA, M, for BERMUDA, pes steam.
ship Trinidad; at 10:30 A, M, for BRAZIL, per
steamship Buffon, via Pernambuco, Bahia and
Rio de Janetro mall for North Brazil and La
Plata Countries must be directed “per steamship
Buffon"): at 11, M, for YUCATAN, CAMPECHE
TABASCO and CHIAPAS, per steamship Yuca-
tan, via Havana and Progreso (mai! for other
parts of Mexico and for Cuba must be directed
per steamship Yucatan”); at 1 BP. M, (supple-
mentary 1:30 P, M.) for NASSAT’, N, P., GUAN-
TANAMO and SANTIAGO, per steamship
Niagara; at 1 P.M. for MEXICO, per steam-
ship Seneca, via Tampico (mall must be directed
“per Seneca”); at @ P, M. for JAMAICA, per

steamship Admiral! Schley, from Boston,
FRIDAY.—At1P. M. for YUCATAN, per steamship

Ydun

SATURDAY,—At 2:50 A. M. for NEWFOUND.
LAND, per steamship Assyrian, from Phila-
delphia; at 0:30 A. M. (au pplemen tar y 10 A, M,)
for ST, THOMAS, ST, CROIX, LEEWARD
and WINDWARD ISLANDS, and DEMERARA
per ateamship Fontabelle mail for Grenada and

trinidad must be directed “per steamship Fon-
tabelle’); at 10 A. M, (supplementary 10:30 A, M.)
for FORTUNE ISLAND, JAMAICA, SAVA-
NILLA, CARTHAGENA and GREYTOWN,
- steamship Alta! (mall for Costa Rica must
directed "et steamship Altal’); at 10 A. M,
for PORTO RICO, per steamship Ponce; at 11
A. M, tor GRENADA and TRINIDAD, per steam-
ship Grenada; at 11 A. M, for CUBA, per steam-
ebip Havana, via Havana; at 12 M, for NORTH
BRAZIL, per steamship Benedict,

Malls for Newfoundland, by rail to North Sydney,
and thence by steamer, close at this office daily,
at 8:30 P. M. ‘connecting close here every Mo!
day, Wednesday and Saturday). Malls f
Miquelon, by rail to Boston, and thence by stea
er, close at this office daily at 4:30 P, M. Mails
for Cuba, by rail to Port Tampa, Fla,, and thence
by steamer, close at this office daily ‘except Mon-
day) at §7 A. M.. (the connecting closes are on
Bupeey. Wednesday and Friday), Malis for
Cuba, dy rail to Miami, Fla,, and thence by
steamer, close at this office every Monday, Tnes-
day and Saturday at 22:30 A. M, (the connecting
closes are on Tuesday and Saturday). Malis
for Mexico City, overland, unless apectally ad-
dreased for despatch by steamer, close at this
office daily at 2:30 A. M, and 2:30 P.M, Mails
for Costa Rica, Belize, Puerto Cortez and Guate-
mala, by rall to New Orleans, and thence b
steamer close at this office daily at §3:00 P, w
‘connecting closes here Tuesdays for Costa Rica
and Mondays for Belize, Puerto Cortez and Guate-
mala). ¢Registered mail closes at 6 P. M, pre-
vious day, Registered mail closes at @ P, M.
second day before,

TRANSPACIFIC MAILA

Malls for China and Ja via Vanconver, close
here daily at 6:30 P.M upto qr $34, indlustve,
for despatch per ateamship Em of CO
(registered maf) must be directed “via Vancouver”).
Malls for Hawaii, China, Japan and Philippine
Islands, via San Francisco, close here y at
6:30 P. M. up to July §5th, inelustve, for despatch

rT steamship Nippon. Maru. fails for na,
apan and Philippine Islands, via'Taco close
here daily at 6: . M. up to July §5th, inclusive
for despatch per steamship Goodwin, Mails for
Australia (except West Australia), New Zealand,
Hawall, Ff and Samoan Islands, via San Fran-
cisco, close here dally at 6:30 P, M, after June
$234 and up to July §7th, Inclusive, or on day of
arrival of steamship Campania, due at New York
July §7th, for despatch per steamship Moana.
Malls for China, Japan and Philippine Islands,
via Seattle, close here daily at 6:30 P. M. up to
July 12th, inclusive, for despatch per steam
ship Riojun Maru (registered mail must be di
rected “via Seattie’), Malls for Hawall, Japan,
China and Philippine isane via San -
cisco, close here dally at 4: oP. M. up y
$)4th, inclusive, for despatch steamehi| jo
de Janeiro, Mails for Hawall, via San Fran-
cisco, close here daily at 6:30 P. M, up t July
2Mh, Inclusive, for despatch per steamship Aus
alla. Mails for Australia (except West Aus-
tralia, which goes via Europe, and New Zealan
which goes via San Francisco), Hawall, an
Fiff Islands, via Vancouver, close here dally at
4:30 P. M. up to July §21st, inclusive, for despatch
nt repens poop. tea
anspacific mails are forwarded to of eaftin
daily, and the schedule of closing ts srknead on the
enna of their uninterrupted overland transla
pgistered mall closes at 4 P. M. previews day.
CORNELIUS V COTT, Postmaster.
Poat Office New York, N. Y., June 29, 1900.

TRENT, ON—OLD DR. GRINDLE, GRAD’
UD iVERSITY OF THE CITY OF NEW YOu
MEDICAL DEPARTMENT, 35 YEA A z
CIALIST IN DISEASES OF MEN, OLD DR’ GRIA.
DLE has been longer established and has had more
experience than any other advertising physician;
city papers proye this Under his scientific system of
treatment biood and skin diseases, pain in bones, red
f ta, sore throat and mouth, ulcers, painful gwel-
gs, kidney and bladder complaints, scalding in-
jammation, gravel, undevcloped organs, weak i,
t vitality, are apeedily, permanently cured, Men
about to marry should go © DR. GRINDLE’S old
established office, over 15 years ep rh West 12th at,
between 6th and 7th ava Impediments removed,
Sufferers, do nbt waste time consulting less akiiful
payeidane renember oe Ee GRINDLE base
ecord for marvellous cures. vieo free. Medicina
$1. Hours # 090; Sundays. 9 to 3
OLD DR, GREY. 45 years a special
Giseases of men “y: Quickest eorecnsat rae
guaranteed tn all the diseases peculiar to men, blood
poison, skin diseases, kidney and bladder trou
Weakness, nervous debility, errors of youth, ba
dream: undeveloped organs, impedime! to mar
riage, &e, Consult old Dr. Grey first; he {s the old
est established and the longest in practice of any
Specsantes in the city, office over 36 years at 120 Fast
17th st, near Union Square. Hours, 9 to 9; Sun
days, 9to4 Sctenufc treatment, advice free Medi
eine only 50 cents No charge uniess cured.

R, AND MRS. AMES—Oldest and most
T ful specialists in female irrewularitie ; ioe
Ushed 40 years: improved scientific treatment: imme-
diate relief positively guaranteed In most obstinate
Cases; private sanitarium, regular graduated phy-
sician; consultation free; confidential 144 West 23a
Opposite Proctor’s [heatre.

A QUICKEST PERMANENT CURE In digeanes
. py het dangerous cases soilcited; relle g
Shoee , Gesirth only sO eee

ouldcall, The leading specialist, DR, BONSO
141 West 2istst. 903, 7108 . iad

A ~&.-—DR. CONRAD'S SANITARIUM (Estab
. 1849)—Diseases of women; newly and eom-
pletely equipped, 127 W. 47th st (late 117), Con
aultation ree, Hours 9—® Send for bookies Tei
320 Ath

Py ANDMRS SCHROFDER—Female apedaliste

] exreful, skilful, econtidenttal freatment: Driven

Sanitarium, 24) Mast SAth at

D® MRE REINHARD treats female itrewularh
tes; single or married; 30 years’ p

718 Weel cna y experience

firstclass seieniifie trea! nt
UR

N Rs. ae r pee jalist; 20 years’ successful
practice: confid«ntlal treaument strictly private;
no sign. 337 Fast 50th st. v ens

QTH ST. 228 wesT—Dr. Crowe cures ,
4 ies at once without pain or medidne bee $10

he Nin
DN ere atte wth

al; gentlemen d

Clubs,
ov)

Divi

Tity. bu
caga

Cine
‘inctni
Hay by
vew Y
he fir:
ead o
antic
nd did
he ga
nade

ng in
eequre
ive in
n the
jawle
ras 0
siLitle
ingle
of the
he um

Purre’
oreor
Keckle
‘rawl
Melirid
ulnn,
tel nf
i

ild
erte
yan,
reen,

1'Co}
radi
Donag

nf

To
Chie.
Phiiad

Fir
ehicn

ifm