COE

 

SSS acess sunsssssseneeeset
: —a- cunaseeees

 

Se -—--

VOL. LXVIL—NO, 335,

—— nl

MINISTER CONGER SAFE,

e

“4LL WELL,” ON JULY 21, BUT HE
HOPES RELIEF WILL COME SOON,

 

 

“a Complete Massacre Will Follow” if the
Chinese Attack Is Continued, He Says ina
Letter Sent to Tientsia—Ammeanition Short,
bet the Legations Have Provisions for
Several Weeks — Capt. Myers Slightly
Wounded tn a Sortie by American Marines
on Joly 3—One Report Gives Our Losses to
Joly 21 as Seven Killed—Safety of Mis-
sionaries— Events of the Long Siege.

Special Cadle Despatch to THE SUN.
From a Staff Conrespondent.

TIENTSIN, July 27, 4 P. M., via Chefoo, July
0, and Shanghal, July 81, 0:55 A. M.—A courier
reached here from Pekin to-day with de-
spatches addressed to Major Waller, the com-
mander of the American marines. These
despatches were dated July 2, and were from
Minister Conger and the representatives at
Pekin of the British, Japanese and German
Governments. There were also several private
messag’s, allof which corroborated previous
reorts, The courier also reiterated the state-
ments as tothe bad condition of the roads to
Pekin and the numbers of Chinese who lined
the wa

Minister Conger,in hisnote to Consul Ragsdale,
“Since the 16th by agreement there has
been no firing. We have provisions for several
weeks, but litde ammunition. If they continue
to shell us as they have done we cannot hold out
lone and a complete massacre will follow. I
hope relief can come soon. We were glad to
hear of the victory at Tientsin, but regret the
terrible cost. All safe and well.”

This lust refers to the Minister's family.

Sir Robert Hart, the Imperial Maritime Com-
missioner of Customs, sent word to Commis-
stoner Drew and the custome staff that he and
bis family were still safe,

The missionaries report that all the Pekin and
Tunu-chow Americans, and also the Walkers,
(5 pus, Smiths, Wyekoffs, Veritys, Hobart,
Terry and Mackan are safe at Pekin. All the
mission property has been destroyed. This
‘Terry has previously been reported killed at
Teunhua.

The British officials decline to give out Sir
Claude Macdonald's message, saving it is simi-
lar to that !rem the Japanese Minister yester-
day. The German message is of the same tenor
and adds that the Chinese are keeping Minister
Von Ketteler’s body.

Anundated private messagesays: ‘‘Yesterday
under a flag of truce a inessenger brought a note
from Yung Lu toSir Claude Macdonald, the Brit-
ish Minister, asking if he was willing toagree toa
truce, Sir Claude Macdonald replied that he
was willing provided tie Chinese would cease
their shelling and not come near the legations,
The shelling has now ceased and everything is
quiet. There is plenty of food in the shape of
rice and horses. Ih» great danger is that the
defeated Chinese ariny from Tientsin may enter
theeity. The Americans made a gallant sortie
on the night of the 8d and hit the Chinese hard.
Capt. Myers of the American marines was
slightly wounded.”’

TIENTSIN, July 26, via Chefoo, July 29, and
Shanghai, July 30..-A Japanese messenger
who left Pekin on July 19 arrived to-day with a
note from the Japanese Minister. The note
stated that Gen. Tung’s soldiers had attacked
the legations incessantly until the 171h, when
they cease j firing. The Minister said the lega-
tions would be able to hold out until the end of
the month.

TIENTSIN. July 27,5 P.M., via Chefoo, July
80, and Shanghai, July 31,945 A. M.—A private
message froin Pekin, dated July 21, says:
“The first outside news reached us on the 18th,
and the announcement o! the failure of the re-
lief expedition to get through made the siege
appear more perilous.

‘On June 19 the Tsung-li-Yamen broke off
relations with the legations,and on June 20
China declared war. A! that time Baron von
Ketteler, the German Minister, and an English
professor of the name of Francis James had
been murdered, Over four hundred non-com-
batants oceupied the British legation, and I un-
derstand that the converts are holding the
north cathedral

“A thousand refugees occupied the palace of
Prince Su. At last, after twenty-six days of
flerce assault, a truce Was agreed on through the
Fritish legation and began on July 17. One
night the shelling went on uninterruptedly for
six hours,

“Four attempts were made to set fire to the
British legation buildings. Two attacks re-
tulted in the destruction of Han-Lin College.

“The cowardice of the Chinese was the only
thing that prevented the successful rushing of
the Brit! h legation.

“The total number who have been killed or
who have died is as follows: Germans, 10;
Japanese, 10; French, 11; British, 6, including
Capt. Stroud and David Oliphant; Russians, 4;
Amrricans, 7; Italians, 7, and oonverts, 9.
Ninety-eight persons have been wounded, in-
cluding Capt. Wray Holliday. Correspondents
Morrison, Reid and Tementy are sick.

“The defend-rs killed at least 2000 Chinese
during the various attacks, The Americans
oceupieda strong position on the city wall,

“Provisions are still sufficient and the hospital
arrangements are excellent. Everybody is
much exhausted owing to the continuous work.

“An edict fornerly issiied by the Government
commanded the Boxers and ordered all mis: ion-
@ries to leave the interior, It also commanded
all Viceroys to assist the Chinese at Pekin, But
an edict issued July 18 now enjoins the Viceroys
to protect the missionaries and foreigners and
copensate them for losses, The report thata
large relief force is leaving Tient'din has pro-
duced the change. Foreign Governments
should beware that they are not heodwinked
by the Chinese and should send a relief force.

“Sir Claude Macdonald, the Britis: Minister,
who was formerly an army officer, is chief In
command of the defences,

“It is reported that the Chinese are anxious
tosecure the advice of Sir Robert Hart as to
their future policy.”

says

 

!he Rev. W. A. P. Martin, D.D., author of
‘The Chin se,” describes the Han-Lin Yuan, or
Imperial Academy, as it ig also called, as one of
the pivotsof the‘ hinese Empire. There is no
American institution. to which it can be com-
tared, Itisintrusted with the drawing up of
Governmental documents, histories, charts
and other works ‘he acadomy was near
the foot of a bridge that spans the Imperial
Canal, and was oniv a few rods north of the
British legation, It consisted of five iow, shed-
like structures, inclo-ed bya wall. There were
some humbler b iddings in addition to the five
main ones, One of the large buildings was
xn “P as the Pavilion of the Emperor. The
Han-Lin, or regents of the academy, are a body
of clvil functionaries, and the institution Itself
is an integral part of the mac hinery of state.

PROVISIONS FOR THE LEGATIONS.

 

Impertal Edict of Jaly 24 Says That an Ample
Supply Has Been Provided,

Sheetal Cable Despatch to THR SUN,

CHEFOO, July 27,~This morning, at the re=
Quest of the Admirals of the allied forces,
United States ( onsul Fowler telegraphed to the
Governor of Sh; intung thatthe representatives
of the Powers desired to get direct news from
the various legations at Pekin.

The Governor in reply said that he had re-
ceived anediet of the Emperor dated July 24,

which #onounced that the legations were well
de plied with provisions, He added that he
Thatta that the Ministers had been relieved of
a Fr past distress ind requested Mr. Fowler to
take this Announcement to the Admiral¥ and
the representatives of the Powers at Chefoo.

75 e@ its will be the f) M.

the fare to Providence on

Achusetis, beginning w-motrow. ; See adv. en

   

  
  
 
   
   
   
  
     
   
  
 
 
 
    
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
  
 
 
 
 
   
  

i Ns

 

BARLY ADVANCE ON PEKIN.

Japanese Rushing Preparations and Yangteun
Will Soon Be Attacked.

Special Cadie Despatch to THE SUN.
From a Staff Correspondent.

TIFNTSIN, July 26, via Chefoo July 20 and
Shanghai July 30.—The Japanese troops here
are rushing their preparations and will be
ready to advanoe very soon. They will proba-
bly make a etart as soon as troops who are
Scouting to the north return and make a report.
It is likely that the allies will soon take Yang-
tsun. (In a despatch yesterday THR SUN cor-
respondent said that the American and British
troops were preparing to march on forty-eight
hours’ notice.)

St. PeTersspuno, July 81.--Admiral Alexieff,
telegraphing under date of July 24, says that
the railway from Tong-ku to Tientsin has been
reopened. He adds that the line from Tientsin
to Pekin can only be repaired for @ distance of
five versts, as the Chinese are occupying a posi-
tion in strength beyond that point,

The Japanese are preparing to move on
Pekin, but are waiting until they have 26,000,

The despatch further says that Gen, Sakha-
roff's force captured the fortrese at Bajantun,
which was garrisoned by 2,000 men, who fled.
The Russians seized five Krupp and four naval
guns and a quantity of ammunition.

Lonpon, July $1,—In the House of Commons
to-day Under Foreign Secretary Brodrick said
that advices from Brig.-Gen. Sir Alfred Gase-
lee, the British commander who has gone to
Tientsin, show that he contemplates an imme
diate advance on Pekin, in which he hopes to
have the codperation of the allied troops.

 

 

GERMAN AND JAPANESE REPORTS

Later Place the Namber of Killed at 80—Em-
Deror Appeals to the Czar.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Lonpon, Aug. 1.—The despatches from the

staff correspondent of THe Sun form the chief
contribution tothe news from China printed
this morning. They hold a prominent place in
the newspapers.
A despatch from Chefoo contains information
1@ from the German and Japanese le-
gations on July 22 to the effect that the French
on the previous day were still defending the
ruins of their legation, although it confirms the
statement that the Chinese attack ceased on
July 16. The Japanese report placed the total
number of killed at eighty, and said that their
legation had food suMoient for six days. It
added that the Emperor and Empress were still
in Pekin,

A despatch to the Telegraph from Tokio says
that the Emperor of China is reported to have
sentasecond despatch to the Czar admitting
that a state of war existed at Tentsin, but de-
claring that the Russians were fully protected
at the ports. He ascribes the disturbances in
Manchuria to a rebellious General in the Amur
district. He says he has instructed his Generals
torefrain from hostilities, and appeals to the
Czar to reciprocate.

The Shanghai correspondent of the Timea
says that the rigorous investment of the lega-
tionsin Pekin ts apparently relaxing as cour-
iers are able to communicate with (hefoo.
He adds that the general aspect of the
situation confirms the opinion that the Manchu
party, fearing the consequences of jurther
violence, rely on the Viceroys’ negotiations to
prevail on the Powers to forego vengeance in
return for the release of the survivors,

Yuan Shih Kai, Governor of Shantung, has
telegrap hed to Mr. Warren, the British Consul,
that the latter’s message was duly delivered to
Sir Claude Macdonald, the British Minister,
whose reply was sent to the Tsung-li-Yamen on
July 25 for transmission.

It is reported from unofficial sources, which,
however, are usually reliable, that Li Hung
Chang has reoeived through Yuan
Shih ‘Kai from the Chinese Minister at
St. Petersburg a telegram which refers

o the long standing friendly relations
between China and Ruasia, It states that
{f the former now adopts a_ conciliatory

 

attitude and compels a _ ceasation of
the attacks on the legations the Minis-
ter will endeavor to obtain favorabia

terms of settlement. Ii Hung Chang, who ts
now disgusted with hia mission, has memorial-
ived the throne, pleading that he is ill and that
he has no prospects of conducting successful
negotiations at Shanghai and no means of
reaching the capital. He urges that the
foreign Ministers be escorted in safety to Tien-
tsin, and also that further murders of mission-
aries and converts be prevented at all ovst,

RUSSIAN OPERATIONS.

 

Re-enforcements Near Blagovestchensk--Dan-
ger in Central Asia.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,

ST, PETERSBURG, July 31.—The latest official
telegrams from Central Asia and Mongolia
show that affairs in those regions are
becoming increasingly dangerous. The
Russian Consul at Kashgar, who § is
an expert on Central Asian affairs,
reports a Mohammedan movement there against
the Chinese, indicating the possibility of seri-
ous complications, The Consul at Kuldja
learns from a trustworthy source § that
the Chinese at Daiandzun have received orders
from the Empress to massacre all Russians,
They began preparations to that end, but were
checked by the arrival of Cossacks

Gen. Grodekoff telegraphs from Khabarovka
under date of July 28 that reenforcement are ap-
proaching Blagovestchensk. They are now less
than sixty-six miles from the town. The Chinese

had continued their bombardment of Blago-
vestchensk, which only ceased on Friday night.
A steamer from Khabarovka was completely
disabled by the Chinese fire.

The Cossacks at Ekaterine and Nikolskaya
were attacked by a Chinese detachment in the |
vicinity. The Chinese were defeated and the

Russians destroyed their ammunition and pro- |

visions and o:ptured four rapid-fire guns.

RUSSIANS TAKE NEWCHANG FORTS.

Defeat of 10,000 Chinese by 4,000 of the
Caar's Troops.
Special Cad'e Despatch to THE SUN,
Lonpown, July 81.—A despatch from Shanghal
says news comes from a Japanese source that
10,000 Chinese opposed 4,000 Russians at New-

chang. After a fight the Russians captured the
forts on July 26.

BOXERS INVADE
Trying to Stir Up Trouble There, bat the
French Take Precaations,

Special Cadle Despatch to THE SUN.
Paris, July 81.—Despatches received here
state that the Boxer societies {in Hunan
and Kwangs! are making efforts to create

trouble in Tonkin. They have invaded French

territory, but the French authorities have taken
precautions to prevent them from causing any
general rising.

NINE MORE MISSIONARIES KILLED,

TONKIN.

 

Members of the China Inland Mission Massa-
cred at Cha-Chow and Cheh-Klang.

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,
LonpDoN, July 31.—A despatoh from Shanghai
of yesterdvy's date says the British Consul has
received a telegram from Hang-Chow sent on

July 28, which states that nine missionaries of
the China Inland Mission at Chu-Chow and
Cheh-Kiang have been massacred.

Vaster Than Ever to Callfornta,

The “Overland Limited," leaving (hicago 6:30 P
M. dally, via the Chicago, Union Pacific and North.
western Line, arrives San Francisco 5.15 in the after.
noon third day Double drawing-room sleeping cars
through without change; buffet. smoking and library
car (with barber); all mealsen route served a la carte
in dining cars Accommodations can be secured New
York office, 461 Broadway.—-Ads

 

NEW_YORK, WEDNESDAY,

 
 
 
 

|} mate of a victory forthe amendment by

5

| awhile did anbulance service there

AUGUST 1

RUN OUT BY RED SHIRTS,

VIOLENCE IN NORTH CAROLINA'S
CAMPAIGN AT SMITHFIELD.

 

Senator Butler's Substitute Taken From a
Platform and Ordered From the Piace—No
Delay in Going—Republican Editor Threat-
ened and Gov, Russell Orders Out Militia
~ Order Countermanded a Little Afterward.

RALEIGH, N. C., July 81.—The first conflict
during the present heated campaign occurred

to-day at Smithfleld, a small town thirty
miles from here, Gov. Russell to-night
ordered out the Kaleigh light infantry

to go to the scene of the trouble. The company
had boarded a military special and was about
to move out of the Union station, where thou-
sands of people had congregated when the order
for the movement was cancelled.

Gov. Russell had decided to send the troops
upon the application of J. D. Parker, a Repub-

lican, who edits the Smithfield Courier,
@ country weekly. Parker telegraphed the
Governor that a mob of red shirts and

others had surrounded bis office, that they
were threatening to destroy the building and
his plant, and that his life was in danger. Two
appeals came to the Governor from Parker.

Just as the military special with the Light In-
fantry aboard was preparing to leave the Gov-
ernor received a telegram from Sheriff Ellington
Baying that there was no necessity for troops
and that the people did not want them. He suid
that he could protect life and property. The
Governor then gave orders for the return of
the company to the armory, where it is on
duty waiting to be called if needed. The com-
pany will remain at the armory throughout the
night.

The trouble started at Smithfield at noon.
Senator Butler had an engagement to
speak there, but he sent N. M. Teague
in his place. Smithfleld is a Democratic
stronghold, and a big rally had been
arranged, There were 6,000 persons present
many of them wearing red shirts and car-
rying rifles. When Teague started to
speak the Red Shirts gathered around him

and pulled the platform upon which he
was standing from under him. They
wave him five minutes to get out of

the town and he took the first road. Sbme of
the friends of the Populist campaigners at-
tempted to shove the Red Shirts aside when
Teague was pulled down and this precipitated
a general fight. Sticks were used and two per-
sons Were cut.

The Red Shirta ran the belligerent Populist
out of sight. A solitary negro in the crowd was
handled roughly. After disposing of the
Populists the Red Shirts returned and heard
their speakers out.

Later 1) the afternoon the demonstration was
made against Editor Parker, He locked himself
up in the second story of his building. Wise
heads induced the crowd to disperse. There
is bitter feeling against Parker. Further
trouble is expected to-night.

The Legislature adjourned sine die this after-
noon, it being the belief of leading Democrats
that it is too late for the fusion leaders to intere
fere with the election on Thursday.

WILMINGTON, N. €., July 31.—Wilmington
and New Hanover county campaign managers
are rather resting to-night confident of a sweep-
ing victory on the anti-negro amendment and
for the Democratic ticket on Thursday, when
the franchise amendment and general State
and county elections will be held. The last
demonstration of the campaign hereabouts
was that to-night, during which speeches were
made by John D, Bellamy, member of Congress
for the Sixth district and Col.
who led the 1808 revolution in Wilmington over-
throwing the fusion-negro régime, which was

then in the saddle. No especially notable
demonstration amended the speaking Prob- |
ab ly 1,000 persons atte nded,

No Red Shirts or irearnys were visible

The fact is there ts pract ically no opposition

in Wilmington or the county to the amendment |

and campaign ticket, Not more than thirty-
five negroes will vote in, the county. sixty-
five negroes registered in'Castle Hayne town-
ship were challenged, and failing to appear and
show cause why they should not be debarred
from voting will not be allowed to cast hallota
on Thursday. All of them would have yoted
against the amendment. It is conceded that
Columbus, Pender, Duplin, Onslow, Bladen,
and other southeastern counties will give large
majorities for the amendment, Brunswick,
the most doubtful county in this region, it is
thought will go for the amendment by asmall
majority,

There is still considerable apprehension that
some scheme will be sprung by Butler to block
the election on Thursday. Especially does this
fear exist in the middle part of the State. The
jJout discussion at Clinton, Sampson county,

to-day between Rudolph Diiffy (Dem, ) and ex- |
| town, N. H., friends of Charles H. Hoyt,

Congressman J. Fowler (Pop.), rewarding
which there was much apprehension of trouble
passes over very quietly. Only twelve Ree
hirts attended,

negroes, 300° Populists and 200° Democrats,
Red Shirts were re-trained by campaign mane
agers from attending in order that the possi-
bility of trouble might be avoided, The eati-
from
40,000 to 50,000 is still adhered to by campaign
leaders of the opposition

BROCKWAY RESIGNS,

 

Dr. F, W. Robertson Appointed Acting Super-
intendent of Elmira Reformatory,

Evmira, N. Y., July 31.—The managers of the
Elmira Reformatory met here this afternoon
and received the resignation of Supt. Z, Rk.
Brockway, to take effect Dee, 31, to which date
leave of absence was given Mr. Brockway. Dr.
Frank W, Robertson, the senior physician, was
appinted acting superintendent. The charges
against Hugh Brockway, the transfer officer,
will be held in abeyance until the October meet-

ing of the board, In the meantime Hugh Brock-
will tuke a vacation.
Mr. Brockway has been for nearly fifty years

qpaneets with penal institutions. He made
the stu 2 crim inals in the effort to reform
men hia life work and while in his endeavor to

A. M. Waddell, |

1 6 crowd consisted of 600 |

       

9

  

 

carry out this mission he met with the bitterest |

and most vicious opposition he persisted until

he had an opportunity to put into practice |

The Elmira RKetor matory
creation. He built

his theories.
largely his own

ail
war

it ee 66 its ee ook and in the opinion of |

unbassed Judges who have looked careiully
into his work he was absolutely sincere, and the

methods employed by him in correc ting the |

evil ways of the inmates were benefictal instead
of demoralizing to them 8 the originator of
“paddiing'’ he became widely known throug
the efforta of @ newspaper to prove
this was a horribiy cruel practice
newspaper frothed at tha mouth so long
and labonously while Riswell P. Flower
was Governor of New York that it at last suc.
ceeded in having him appointa commission to
examine into and report on these alleged
abuses. ‘This con mission consisted of Dr. Ais-
tin Flint, Israel T. Devo, then in the Assembly,
and ex-Judge Wiliam L. Learned. The m a-
jority report completely exonerated Mr, Brock-
way, and while Juda Learned dissented on
some points he saw noexcuse for the libellous
attacks on the superintendent. This is what
Gov. Flower said in nis letter making the com-
mission’ s report public:
“Tt is a source of much gratification that the

testimony shows, according to both reports of
findings, that there was no truth in the barrow-
{nw statement published in newspapers of in-
juries alleged to have been inflicted by the
general superintendent or his subordinates
upon inmates of the Keformatory. Upon this
' vointall three commissioners find substantially
the same facts und exonerate the managers and
the superintendent,’

This atop ped the effort to oust Brockway, but
his newspaper enembes still kept flinging at him,
They also kept viciously at the Board of Man-
agement of the tnstitution, so that some of
them resigned, Their places were filled with
members inimical to Brockway, Recently more
charges very similar to those disproved in 194
by Gov, Flower's commission have been m ade,
and it became evident that another effort was
being made to get the aged superintendent
out

Dr. Robinson wos craduated from the College
of Physicians and Surgeons in the class of (896,
He received a Hellevue assignment ond for
Later he
was promoted to the surgical stall and finaly
suceeeded'Dr. Kussell in charge of the insane
pavilion. Two months ago he was appointed
medical examiner at the Elmira Reformatory,.
His father is Chief of Police of Owego,

that at
This

 

     

   

 

FOUR YOUNG WOMEN DROWNED.

 

Were Bathing in the Surf at Ocean City
~Woman and Boy Rescued.
ATLANTIO C1Ty, N. J., July 31.—Four young
women lost their lives while bathing in the eurf
about noon to-day at Oovwan City, across from
Longport and near this city. They were Miss
Birdie Lonsdale, aged 17 years, and Miss Jennie
Lonsdale, aged 18, daughters of Edwin Lons-
dale, a florist of Philadelphia, and Miss Vir-
ginia Lowe, aged 22 years, and Misa Elsie Lowe,
25, daughters of Prof. Clement B. Lowe, of
Germantown avenue and Philellena street, Pel-
ham, Pa, Two others were rescued. They are
Mrs. Meehan, wife of 8, Mendleson Meehan of
Germantown, and Clement b. Lowe, Jr., aged
15 years, youngest son of Prof. Lowe,

The four young women and young Lowe had
been the guests of Mrs, Meehan at Ler summer
cottage and during the bathing hour were in
the Water together, Mrs, Meehan acting as
chaperon of the party. All had gone out
quite a distance, when the breakers swept two
of the party off their feet. The others went to
the.r rescue. Mrs. Meehan screamed for help
and Life Guard Foster responded with his life
buoy. He was followed by Life Guard Lee.
Foster reached the drowning bathers first, and,
seizing Mrs. Meehan, brought her to Lee, who
was behind him and up to his neck in water.
Lee reached the beach with Mrs. Meehan in
safety and returned to the rescue. He was
closely followed by Walter Marshall of Bridge-
ton, N. J. By his time Foster had succeeded
in reaching the boy, Clement Lowe, whom he
vassed on to Lee and Marshall.

Foster then returned to the bathers, and
seized the bodies of Birdie and Jennie Lonsdale
and struggled with them to shore, aided by
Marshall and Lee, Mrs. Meehan had been con-
veyed to her cottage, from which she telephoned
for medical aid. Drs. B. T. Abbott, T. J.
Ellinger, Waggoner, Garrison and L. H.
Northrop were soon on the scene. The bodies
of the Misses Lonsdale were laid upon the sand
and unsuccessful efforts were made to resua-
citate them. The bodies of the Misses Lowe
were recovered by Alexander and Chauncey
Peacock who swamtout and found them
tangledin the seaweed, Miss Elsie Lowe wasa
graduate of the Philadelphia Normal ‘School
and an assistant librarian at the University of
Pennsylvania, Her sister recently graduated
from the Drexel Institute and was considered a
promising art student,

 

SIX BIG TURTLES FOR ROTHSCHILD.
Two of Them Are More Than 225 Years Old
~Brought From the South Pacific.

Boston, Mass, July 81,—Six enormous aged
turtles were passengers on the turret steamer

Noramore which sailed for London this
afternoon, They came originally from the
Albemarle Islands in the South Pacific,

are consigned to the Hon, Walter
Rothschild, M.P., of London, where they will
be placed in his private 2 dlogical garden, They
were shipped to him by F. B, Webster of Hyde
Park. This consignment makes eighty-four
dead or alive tortoises which have been sent to
Mr. Rothschild within the past two years from
this port. The two largest turtles weighed 450
and 400 pounds respectively, are approximately
22501250 years old, They had compartments
over the fourth hatch on the upper deck, ex
posed to sun, air and an occasional dash of
spray, and inclosed only by a rough wooden rail-
ing.

To-day's shipment Included the largest
tortoises ever sent from the United States.
There are only two other larger tortoises in ex-
istence and both of them are in Mr. Rotha-
child's collection. One of them was picked up
by U. 8. 8. Fasex during a cruise of that ship
amone the South Pacifio Islands and was
presented by the captain to one of the native
chief? on some ts'ands further south. Event-

| ually it found tts way to Australla and from that

country it was shipped direct to Mr. Rothschild
in 1808. The other was found on the James
Island a few years ago and was shipped to Lon-
don and bought by Mr. Rothschild.

‘The tortoi-es in to-day’s shipment were ea
eured by a sulling vessel which left San Frane
cisco nearly two years ago. An expedition had

heen sent out by My. Rothschild to visit the
Galapags Islands. ‘Three barrels of cabbages
were taken along for fcodfor them. Each tor-
toise will receive from a half to a4, .ole cabbage

| aday during thetrip. Every two or three days
| they will be sprinkled with water,

 

NOYT'S NEIGHBORS RALLY,

Playwright'’s Friends Come to Hartford and
Ask for His Release to Them,

HARTFORD, Conn., July 81.—The Probate
Court room was crowded this afternoon
with a delegation of the citizens of Charles-
the
playwright, who had come at their own ex-
pense, to ask that he might be restored to
them and be taken back to his home for treat.
ment. The delegation included attorneys, bank
Presidents, business men, officials and clergy-
men, who believe that Hoyt was brought {nto
Connecticut by unfair and illegal means. They

were represented by Judge William F. Henney
and ex-Senator Herman Holt of Charlestown,

N. H., who presented the complaint uron
which Judge lreeman_ was to pass. r.
Stearns, Dr, Golredon W. Russel and J. D

Browne, representing the Retreat for the In-
jane,were present, but made no formal opposi-
ton to the proceedings.

Judge Freeman said It would not be necessary
for Mr. Hoyt to be present unless his presence
was demanded by the petitioners, and this is
not insisted u on 1a” ane Henney read the
compla nt ma ie name of Georga
H. Dickenson of "Pusat. The allegations,
six in number, set forth that Hoyt who
was a resident of Charlestown, N. H., was {n-
duced to come to Hartford on July 24 with the un-
d-retanding that he waa to make arrangements
for temporary treatment, and that while here
he was committed against his consent, Judge
Freeman ruled that he would not hear any evi-
dence on the mental condition of Mr. Hoyt,
and asked Judge Henney to confine his testi-
mony to showing the methods used to Induce
the playwright to come to Hartford.

John |, Sanborne testified that he passed Mr.
Hoyt's house and saw him in o inversation with
Dr Hammond. He heard the doctor say;

“Mr. Hoyt, you had better go to Hartford
with me.

Hoyt pomier

‘No, I shan’t leave my grounds or my house,
I don't want to goaway.” This was about an
hour before Hoyt and the doctor left for

Hartford. George 8. Bond testified as to
srrenqements which would be made if
Mr. joyt was returned to his home.

Hie said that the Probate Court of Charles-
town stood ready to appoint a guardian
under the laws of the State who would care for
him and his property. Decision was reserved
until to-morrow morning.

 

HAND ORGANS TO STAY WITH Us,

Alderman Byrne Repents and His Ordinance
Will Sleep Forever in Committee,

Alderman Byrne (Dem., Brooklyn), the in-
troducer of the ordinance which proposed to
keep the hand organs and street pianos off
the streets, asked at yesterday's meeting of
the board to have the Committee on Streets
and Highways dismissed from further con-
sideration of the ordinance, saying that he had
decided not to press it. Mr. Byrne did not
tell why he had made up his mind not to press
the ordinance, Alderman Bridges (Dem,

Brooklyn) opposed the
comrittee and said that he was heartily in
favor of the proposed ordinance,

“Why,” said Mr. Brides, “they used to have
monkeys to go around with the organs to get
pennies, but monkeys have gone out of vogue
now and they have little girla who do what the
monkeys used to do. They dance immoral in
New York and hold up their skirta and do the
ceanean

The Alderman got into a dispute as to the |

roper manner in which to knock out the reso-
ution, and after half a dozen motions had
been made and lost Alderman Byrne's motion
was defeated. The anti-musie ordinance will
slumber in committee, and no action will be
taken on it.

 

It Please: the Public,

‘The Pennsylvania Railroad through train servies
to the West. —Ade.

motion to dismiss the |

CROKER DOWNS HILL AGAIN

HAS THE STATE COMMITTER MEET+
ING SENT TO SARATOGA.

First Fruits of Senator Jones's Concillatory
Trot Around the Seacoast — Friction
Among Democratic National Campaigners
~—Croker Off to Saratoga To-morrow,

The Hon. Richard Croker, leader of Tammany
Hall, has repeated his Kansas City exploit and
again overthrown ex-Senator David B. Hii.
On Sunday night at the Hoffman House
the Hon. Frank Campbell, chairman of
the Democratic State Committee, told bis
friends thatthe Democratic State Committee
would meet in Saratoga Springs. He added:
“Mr. Croker seems to fuvor Saratoga Springs.”
On Monday Mr. Hill came to town from Nor-
mandie-by-the-Sea and had a talk with Mr.
Campbell, and the latter gentleman, as chair-
man of the Democratic State Committee, made
the official announcement on Monday evening
that the State Committee would meet in the
Hoffman House on Aug. 16.

Yesterday Mr. Croker walked down to the
Hoffinan House from the Democratic Club, He
conferred with a number of bis friends, and
immediately after the departure of Mr. Croker
from the Hoffman House the following an-
nouncement was made:

“Ithas been decided to hold the meeting of
@he State Committes and the State Execu-
tive Committee and the meeting of the
county chairmen at the Grand Union
Hotel, Saratoga Springs, at noon, Thurs-
day, Aug. 16. The sentiment throughout
the State is favorable to Saratoga Springs as
the meeting place, as many of the members of
the various committees are either at Saratoga
or in the mouptains, and Chairman Frank
Campbell has agreed to have the meeting at
that place.”

The switoh from the Hoffman House to Sara-
toga Springs for the meeting of the Dem-
ocratio State Committee is merely another
evidence that the anti-Hill “combine’’ con-
trols the committee and is detrr-
mined to show its power whenever Mr,
Croker directs that it shall do so. Mr. Campbell
fs the personal representative of Mr. Hill.
Mr. Campbell is chairman of the com-
mittee. He might as well be in Kam-
schatka to be an influential factor in
determining what shall be done Tho
committee is anti-Hill by a vote of 29 to 21, and

 

 

this majority is represented by Mr. Croker, Mr.
Murphy, Mr. McLaughlin's lieutenants, and
Mr. Muck of Erie county. So when Mr. Croker
ascertained yesterday that Mr, Campbell, Mr.
the Hoffman
House for the meeting of the Demo-
cratio State Committee on Auy 16, he
promptly walked down from the Democratic
Club and told Mr, Campbell that the committee
should meet in Saratoga Springs. Mr. Croker
is apparently de'ermined to teach Mr. Hill and

friends who is boss This
most marked effort since Kan-
when Mr. Croker

Hill's man, had selected

Mr. Hill's
was the
sas City,
Mr. Hill as

turned down
the New York member of
the Committee on Resolutions. Nothing in
the Democratic history o! the State has ever
been plainer than that itis the decision of Mr.

Croker that the State Committee must meet in
Serstean mpring: and not in. tive Hoffman
House, a8 Chairman Campbell, Mr. Hill's repre-
sentauve, had officially announced.

The action of Mr. Croker in overturn ing Mr.
Hill's desires as tothe meeting place of the tate
Committee follows close on the heels of the stren-
uous efforts of the Hon. James K. Jones, chair
man of the Democratic National Committee,
and Sunday at
to bring Mr. Croker and Mr

Mr. Jones had a talk

made on Saturday

Lon
Branch, fi

Hi
together, with Senator
Hil ta
and an
boat going
Then Mr. Jones went. down
Hotel, being conveyed from the railroad station
to the hotel in ex-Senator Ek: ward Murphy's
cirriage. Mr. Jones went to the Murphy box

Saturday morning
at the Monmouth county horse show” im-
b after his arrival at

eonfab with him on the
to Atlantic Highlands.
to the Flberon

this city on
hour's

down

the hotel
and there he had a long talk with Mr, Crover

and Mr. Murphy. After he had that tak he
told his friends that he believed that Mr Hill
and Mr. Croker would work in perfeet harmony
Democratic ticket in this State
After having said this he went back
again met Mr. Croker
had another long
he went back io
the hotel and slept. On Sunday morn-
ing Senator Jones neglected to go to
church, He went over tothe Murphy eustage,
where Mr. Croker was a guest, and from9
‘clock in the morning until 1 o'clock in the after-
noon he labored earne-tly with the Tammany
chieftain to get him ‘to agree to live
in harmony with Mr. Hill unti! after the election
It_is understood that
Mr. Hill told Senator Jones that he was
not a vindictive person and that he was
willing to meet Mr. Croker half
way in an proposition making for
peace in the Democratic camp. It was also
understood that the attitude which Mr. Croker
assumed in all these interviews with Senator
Jones was very different !roin that taken by Mr.
Hill, Mr. Croker has told his friends that he
will never rgive Mr. Hill for the
many things which the ex-Senator has
done and said to annoy the Tanvnany chieftain,
wili ne. er for any purpose disguise his fee lings
toward Mr. Hill and will not pretend to be a
friend to him,

On one occasion Mr. Croker walked into the
Hoffman House several years ago and met the
Hon. James W. Hinkley of Poughkeepsie, who

for the
this fail.
tothe horse show and
and Mr

talk with

Murphy and

them, Then

in November anyway

at that time was a friend of Mr. Lill, Mr.
Hinkley said to Mr. « roker:
Mr. Croker, Mr. Hillis upstairs; why don't

you go up and see him?’
“I have no business with Mr. Hill,” replied
Mr. Croker.

“Well, you ought to go up and see him, any-
how,” rejoined 3 ir. Hinkley
‘Tauess I wil,” replied Mr. Croker, “come

Mr. Croker ‘and Mr. Hinkley were soon in Mr.
Mr. Croker then taxed Mr,
Hill with flinging out al sorts of slurs
at him at public and private banquets
Mr. Hill replied: “You think that [ have said
nd that they refer to you for the
ave referred in these remarks to
There are more
Mr,

Croger.,
es," replied Mr. Croker to Mr. Hill, “and
there are Pore tare in the country than you

Hill's apartment.

these things
ason that I
mocrat® who go abroad,
2 ocrats than you who go abroad,

are, Mr.

With inat Mr, Croker turned on his heel and
left Mr, Hill’s presence, Mr. Hinkley has
always been sorry, ae cays that he forced that
interview between Mr. Croker and Mr, Hill

Chairman Jones of the Democ ratic National
Committee, returned to Washington last
night. He left the Hon. Daniel J. Campau
of Michigan as the sole remaining har-
monizer at the Hoffman House. Mr. Campau

said that he didn't know whether he
was to be chairman of the Executive Committee
He didn't seem to care much, anyway.
Ex v. William J. Stone of Missouri, who was
reéic ted National Committeeman for his State
by the skin of his teeth (2 votes) said a tew
things yesterday at the Hoffman House, He
ont Mr. Jones was
& gum shoe cam-

orp ¢.

was taxed with the idea
a what was calle

* Fe I don't, know anything about that,”
reptied Missouri's greatest Democrat. “I bave
do with this campaign, I
say that I am not consulted. I

want to tell anything that I
I do not want to. criticise
anybody, Sometimes though, in my quiet mo-
ments, ‘believe that possibly it would be better
to take the people into our confidence, and yet
you must always understand that Tam hot
criticising Chairman Jones of the Democratic
National Committe.’

The featherhead Democratic leaders in charge
of the Bryan campaign havent much of any

olicy. They haven't any executive abilliy
They, don't know even to-day whether they
aretocopenan Eastern head quarters. Chairman
Jones after he leaves Washington expects .o vo
| to Chicago, He hasn't appointed his Executive
| Committee yet, He said vesterday he didn't
know when he would appoint the com) ittee
“sRichard Croker will eo to Saratoga to-me yA
afternoon at 3:20 o'clock ana he will spend ;
much o August at the Springs as he o nm
Mr. Croker does not know when he will
come back to this city Hie has told
his friends that he will make his stay in Sara-
toga just as long as itis possible for him to, and
some of then be'leve that he will not wet bac k
to New York mueh before the first of Septem.
ber, At Saratoga Mr Croker w ill but up
at Fire Cominissioner John d, Seannel|’s cottage
Within a very few days there will be a great
wathering of Tammany Hail men at the Springs
| Mavor Van Week is going tospend there most

of nis vacation, which begina to-aay. Corpora.

tion Counsel John Whalen will go to Saratoga
| this week or next,

nothing to
don't
don't
should not.

:

1900. COPYRIGHT. 190, BY THE SU SUN PRINTING ‘AND PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION.

————————— see

SapeenRieinenepineeinnienetnnnnniatnniimatininmmatentimmanate

 

YOUNG aeunaite buihe. Uavxeratens of cone KILLED.

 

Miss Teresa Hantington Blake Loses Her Life
at the Holloway Stock Farm.

NEW ROCHELLE, July 31.—Miss Teresa Hunt-
ington Blake, the daughter of Samuel Parkman
Blake, a retired banker of Boston, lost her life
this afternoon while making a hurdle with a
high-jumping horse on the stock farm of J. O.
Holloway near this city. The horse stumbled
on the top rail and fell. Miss Blake, who, Mr.
Holloway says, was hot a practical horsewoman,
was thrown to the ground with great force.
Her neck was broken and the horse stepped
on her breast, The young horsewoman died
almost instantly,

Miss Blake, who was tall and graceful, was
23 years old. Two years ago she was graduated
from college with high honors. She was an
expert at golf and tennis and lately had become
fond of cross country riding and polo. She
had been staying with her parents at Manchester
by the Sea. Her object in visiting Mr. Hollo-
way'’s stock farm was to purchase one of his
high jumpers.

Clad in a gray riding habit and accompanied
by her uncle, James J. Higginson, the stock
broker of 7 Nassau street, New York, Miss
Blake went to the Holloway place this afternoon.
After looking over a string of saddle horses
and hunters Miss Blake picked out a handsome
bay and = said she would try” him
Mr. Holloway mounted Ben Bolt and rode with
Miss Blake. The young woman made the circuit
of the field several times and then rode for
the hurdle which was about three feet high.
Tho horse made a beautiful leap and had just
cleared the top rail when his hind hoofs caught
and caused him to stumble. Miss Blake fell
beneath him. Mr. Holloway was off Ben Bolt
in an instant and with Mr. Higginson ran to
tho assistance of the girl, but she was dead
when they reached her.

The body was removed to Harvey A. Tur-
nure's morgue inNew Rochelle and will be sent to
Mr. Blake's Boston home at 39 Brimmer street
Mr. Holloway said to-night that he supposed
the young woman was a practised horsewoman
or he would not have permitted her to try the
hurdle.

 

 

MOB ZION CHURCH ELDERS.

 

of Them Stripped and Painted Blue
From Head to Foot in Mansfeld,

MANSFIELD, Ohio, July 31.—At 2 o'clock this
morning a mob was dinpasend here in front
of the jail by order of Mayor Brown after they
had succeeded in giving two elders of the Zion
Church a coat of blue paint. The elders were
A. W. MeChirkin and EF, P. Fisher of Chicago.
They were first mobbed at 11:30 o'clock in the
evening by 1,000 citizens and painted blue
from head to foot,

The citizens were stirred up by Leaves of
Healing, the Zion publication, which was scat-
tered broadcast throughout the city on Sun-
day and which contained a tirade against the
city officials and citizens, At the service last
night the crowd gathered and the Zion elders
barricaded the house. Stones were thrown
through windows and doors battered down.
Several members of the crowd were struck by
stones hurled back by the Zion preachers.
Three were severely injured. The chief of police,
Sheriff Pulver and a police detail arrived, but
were powerless

Fisher and MeChirkin were dragved away
by the mob to the Harrow works, where they
were stripped and painted from head to foot.
Then they were taken to police headquarters,
where they were turned over to the police,
Fiders Stevens and MeFarlan were taken by
the police in safety to police headquarters,

The mob congregated at 2 this morning
in front of the jail. Mayor Brown ordered the
crowd to disperse in the name of the law, which
was done.

Two

 

IMPORTANT DISCOVERY IN THIBET.

Sven Anders Hedin Finds Rains of an Anctent
City on the Shores of Lake Lobnor,

Special Cae Despatch fo THE SUN,

Moscow, July 81,-<A letter is published here
from Sven Anders Hedin, the geographer and
traveller, in which he mentions an excursion
into Thibet in a direction never before
attempted by a European. He reached Lake
Lobnor, on the shores of which he discovered
the remains of an ancient city, The ruins,
which are described as magnificent, were inter
sected by broad roads,

PETTIGREW'S SON WITH BOERS?

 

Unconfirmed Report That He Is Serving on
Gen. Botha's Staff,
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,

Lonpon, July 31.-An unconfirmed report
from Lorenzo Marques states that Senator Pet-
tigrew's son, who was at Watervalonden on
July 20, volunteered to serve with the Boers,
and was appointed amember of Gen. Botha's
staff.

 

SIX KILLED IN A RIOT,

Four Negroes and Two Mexican Soldiers Fall
in a Fight Near Tampico.

Tampico, Mex, July 81.As a result of the
encounter yesterday at Dona Cecilia, a suburb
of this city, between sixty imported Bahama
negro laborers anda force of Tampico police,
aided by a company of soldiers from the Govern-

ment barracks here, four negroes and two sol-
diers are dead and twenty-one negroes are suf-
fering from severe wounds, Several will die
The Bahama and Jamaica negroes brought
hers to work ou the Mexlean Central
Railroad have heen a disturbing element
since their arrival and = several  con-
flicts between them and native Mexicans
have taken place. The fight yesterday
caused great excitement among them, and it
loohed for atime as if all the negroes would be
killed, Severa: hundred shots were exchanged
between the negroes and the police and soldiers
who sought to effect their capture. The riot
grew out of one of the negroes being arrested,

 

COMPTROLLER COLER BACK,

 

Confirms ''The Sun's" Statement That He Mast
Get Back to Private Business,

Comptroller Coler came back to town yester-
day and went to work in his office in the Stewart
building. Referring to the story printed in yes-
terday’a SUN in regard to his reasona for wiah-
ing to return to bis banking house, Mr, Coler
said that it was correct. He said that no man
was indispensable to the party, and that he
wanted to go back to business. Mr. Coler and
Bridge Commissioner Shea called on Senator
Jones of Arkansas in the alternoon,

Danghter to Princess Cantacazene,

A despatch from St. Petersbura announces
the birth of a daughter on July 27 to the
Princess Cantacuzene, granddaughter of Presi-
dent Grantand daughter of Brig.-Gen, F, D.
Grant,

Miss Julia Dent Grant was mirried to Prince
Michael Cantacuzene in All Saints’ Protestant
Fpiseopal chapel, Newport, on Sept. 25 1899,
&@ previous ceremony according to the rites of
the Greek Church having been performed
They went abroad immediately and have sifce
been living in Russia

Prince Cantacuzene comes of an old mussian
house which is said to be very wealthy, fle is
26 years old and a Lieutenant in the Imper al
Guards, He methis wife while she was travel-
ling 4 with her auntJMrs Potter Palmer,

 

Cincinnati's Population,

WASHINGTON, July 81.--Direetor of the Cen-
sus Merriam to-day made public the official
count of the population | of Cincinnati, Ohio,
showing a population of $25,002. In 1890 the
Hoon ALO Was 206.008, so the Inerense |= 28,004
ord77 percent. This small increase is a disap-
pointinent, a= itis taken as an indication that
mary cities whieh have been counting ona very
large i crease will show mueh less population
than expected The increase in Cincinnati
averaged only 2,409 a year, or Jess than 1 per
cent. a very small rate of increase for a thriv-
ing city.

$25,902,

 
  

|

 

Partly cloudy to-day; southwest shifting
to west winds.

 

 

———

“PRICE. TWO ON, PRICE TWO CENTS,
ANARCHISTS ALARMED Now

THEY DREAD THE REACTION UPON
THEM OF PUBLIC SENTIMENT

 

 

Those tn Paterson and Here No Longer Boast
ing of Association With King Humbert's
Assasysin~Employers Will Dismiss Them
Wherever Found--Ernestina Cravello the
First to Go-Bresci's Wife Does Not Re-
Meve Her Husband Is the Regicide--Itallaa
Consulate Here Begins Investigations,

Whether or not the Gaetano Bresci, who
worked as a silk weaver in Paterson until May

17, is the man who killed King Humbert,
the Anarchists of that and other towns
hereabouts are likely to find it much

harder in future to secure employment. This
is because of the unqualified approval
of assassination and kindred crimes which

the Paterson Anarchists expressed upon hearing
the terrible news trom Italy, They seemed to
realize their mistake yesierday and by silence
as to their sympathies and theories tried to
avoid the consequences of the strong feeling
their previous incendiary talk has stirred up
against them. Instead of proudly claiming
Bresvi as a comrade and a friend, and boasting
of what he had done, they acted as Italians
do ordinarily when one of then has got into
trouble; they pretended that they knew ho
English und said they could tell nothing about
the assassin. ‘This was a very marked reae-
on from the excitement of their meeting the
night before at 452 Market street, where the
anarchists of “Gruppo Diritto all’ Esistenza”

wloried in the death of King Humbert and
hailed his slaver as a hero and a world bene-
factor who had gone forth from their own
group to do the killing. At that meeting,
as told in yesterday's Sun, Ernestina Cravello,
& young Italian woman, declared herself to
be an Anarchist and acted as interpreter for
Francis Wiedmer, the manager of La Queetione
Sociale, the Anarchist newspaper,

Most of the Anarchists of Paterson are em-
Ployees in the silk mills, It seemed to dawn
upon them yesterday that their outspoken
abproval of murder would not be agreeable
to thelr employers and that they were in danger
of losing their jobs, Miss Cravello is an em-
ployee of the Paragon mills. The work on her
loom will be run out in two or three days and
there is no further order on the weave-room
book for a new warp for herloom. That means,
said a clerk in the office of the milla yesterd: iy,
that she will propapiy be dropped from the
payroll before the end of the week, Avowed
Anarchists are not apt to be much sought after
by employers In Paterson or elsewhere in this
country for some time to come.

Among those who profess to believe that
the Gaetano Bresci who worked in Paterson
{fs not the man who killed King Aumbert is
Bresci’s wife, Sophie, who keeps house at 863
Clinton avenue, West Hoboken, Mrs. Bresei's
principal reason for believing that her husband
{s not the regicide is not very complimentary
to him. She said yesterday that he was too
much of a coward to do such a thing.

“We were married three years ago in West
Hoboken,” said Mrs. Bresel. “Just. before
that I was a clerk in a New York office in Broad-
way, and Gaetano was working in a West Hobo-
ken silk mill, where he earned about $25 a week,
We boarded at the same place and that's how
we came to get married. I am not an Italian.
My name was Niel, Sophie Niel. We have one
little girl, Matilde, who is eighteen months old.

“My husband was born in Florence in 13960
and came of a good fanilly, He Las two broth-
ers over there. One of them is a Captain of
artillery in the Italian Army and the other
is a well-to-do merchant. My husband was @
foreman in Italy, but his mill went under so Le
came here five years ago. I did not know that
he was an Anarchist,
He used to talk about trusts and things and say
that he was not getting fair treatment, but
that was only to tease me and get me going,
because I did not believe in that sort of non-
sense, and he liked to stir me up. He used to
talk a great deal about his brother in the army
and say that the artillery Captain got easy
money for nothing instead of working like a
dog in the mill, but he and his brother were on
the best of terms and wrote to each other fre-
quently.

“He left this country on May 17 to collect
some money that had been left to him on his
mother’s death, He expected to get about
2,000 in American money out of the estate,
and his intention was to come back here and
buy a house in West Hoboken for me and the
baby. I got @ letter from him a week ago

yesterday, in which he said he would be back
In the first week in Se ptember.”

Mrs, Bresei was asked if she had a picture of
her husband, She said that the only pieture
he had had taken was so soiled that he had

birned it, Just then the baby Madeline, a
child with jet black eyes and hair, toddled
into the room. “There's the best picture of

exclaimed the mother; “the baby
is the image of its father. If you see one you
see the other,” and then the Irish wife of the
Italian regicide began to cry,

“J can't help it,” she said; “he was so good
and quiet. 1] seem to hear him coming up the
stairs every minute.’

Italian Consul-General Branchi, accompanied
by Capt. Usher of the West Hoboken police,
called on Mrs. Bresei yesterday morning anc
questioned her closely about her husband. They
got no information that had any direct bearing
on the assassination of King Humbert. Then
they searched the house for any papers that
might have belonged to Bresei, but found
nothing but a lot of old letters belonging to
his wife. Mrs. Bresel assured the representae
tive of the Consul that ber husband was not
the man to killa King or any one else and begged
Chevalier Braneid to cable to Italy to make
sure that Gaetano Bresei was not the assassin.

“There is nothing to prove that my husband
did this,” exclaimed Mrs. Bresci, “Why should
my house be watched and why should my baby
be called the child of a murderer. A jot of
erazy-headed Anarchists up in Paterson accuse
Gaetano of killing the Bing just because they
knew him and want to get notoriety for them-
Beives

Mrs. Bresci was assured by the police that
they did not suspect her of any complicity, and
had no intention of arresting her, but that
they must Keep track of her movements fora
week or 80

Chevallier Brauchi, means to find out whether
or not the plot to assassinate the King was con-
cocted among the Anarehists in’ this vieintty,
Detectives have been employ ed by the Consulate
and are now hard at work ascertaining all the
facts in reward to Bresei’s life while he was in
this country. The officials at the Consulate
here refused to discuss the work which they
are doing The results of the investigutions
will be transmitted to Baron Fava, the Itailan
Ambassador at Washington. Many Italians
called during the day to learn whether there
was any official announcement of the death
There was none,

One of these detectives spent all day
terday in Paterson among the Anarchists. He
went to the Hotel Bartholdi on Straight street
where Bresci lived and to the headquarters of
the Anarchists on Market street where La Quea-
tione Sociale is published. The detective had
nothing to say relative so what he had learned
and the Anarchists and Italians whom he had
questioned declared that he had learned noth-
in

the man,”

yes-

Thiet Graul of the Paterson police sald yes-
terday that he new nothing about the case
and that he had not deen asked to investigate
{t, Assistant Prosecuting Attorney Ralph
Shaw of Paterson said that if any one in Pat-
ersop was found guilty of conspiracy to kill
the Ttalian King the only penalty would be a
fine of $1,000 or three years imprisonment or
both

There will be a public meeting of the An-
arehisia of Paterson to-morrow night, at
the Hotel Barthold| to discuss the killing cf

ing Thin hert Piedro Nevi, the editor of
La Questions Sociale will be one of the speaker

As has been said the revelations follows
the assassination and the bloodthirety vapor
{nes of Paterson Anarchists have opened
the eves of emplover there Jacob We
magn, who runs the bigest silk-deinue esta

Latest Marine Intelligence.
Arrived: Ss Qerante, Cameron, Liverpool, July 25

New York Pears:ivants Katlroad--Chicago.

The Penosyivania Railroad is the natural euanec
ton between the Fast and West —Ada

i

I do not believe it now.,