|
|

—aa

—__—_.¢f —

ll a>

 

eee -—
VOL, LXVIIL—NO, %,

MESSAGE AS READ ABROAD,

 

AOMF OF THE LONDON PAPERS COM-
PLAIN OF OUR CHINESE POLICY.

“Esc0ossive Ansiety to Re-estabtish Trade’
Ampoys One Others Approve the Prest-
dent's Idea of Arbitration of Indemaities

Other Parte of Message Little Discussed.

Speeral Cadie Despateh to THR SUN.

Lonpon, Deo. 4.~The Standard's comment
on President McKinley’s message to the Con-
grees, which it describes as naturally and Justi-
flably optimistic, 1s devoted almost wholly
to that part of it treating of the Chinese ques-
tlon. The paper does not agree with Mr.
McKinley’s presentment of the situation, which
{t regards as indulgent, somewhat misicading,
and at variance with the documentary evt-
dence. It remarks that the President reveals
excemsive anxiety to re@etablish trade with
China, and it suspects that therein is the real
explanation of some points which did not seam
satisfactory in the recent policy of the United
States. The paper dwells upon the enormous
and rapid increase in the Americanftrade with
the Far East and says

“These considerations may have induced Mr.
McKinley to pass lightly over the differences
that divide the American policy from that of
the other Powers who are not-content to close
the imbroglio by a hasty and incomplete set-
tlement.”

It accuses the Americans of weakening the
concert by withdrawing at a critical moment
and acting as a drag on European diplomacy
when it needed all the momentum it could com-
mand.

The Daily Newe says the message contains
nothing new and nothing very illuminating
on matters that are old.| The'‘American formula
for settling the Chinese question seems to be
to let the Powera say who are to be punished
and China say what the punishment shall be
It thinks a speedy settlement would be possible
on such terms, but it doubts that it would be
effective or durable

The Chronicle thinks the message significant
{n connection with the shipping sefzures in
South African waters and the Subsidy bill.
Regarding the latter it eays the United States
has fair justification, if no very obvious need,
further to encourage their mercantile marine,
The Chronicle has little confidence that the
Powers will agree upon a reasonable and con-
sigtent course concerning China, but says that
if they do the suggestion of arbitration of the
indemnities might well be worthy of adoption,

The Timea judges from tho extracts of the
message cabled here that it will justify a more
favorable reception in England than seeme to
have been accorded to it in some quarters of
New York, It notes with satisfaction that
President McKinley's words bear out ita ex-
pectation that he would remain firm on the vital
potnt of inflicting exemplary punishment on the
guilty Chinese officials, but says it fears that
Mr. McKinley !s too optimistlo regarding the
prospect of the court shortly affording satis-
faction in the matter of punishment.

It adds that it cannot share the President's
faith in the existence of a disposition on the
part of China to act “upon such addittonal
designation of the guilty persons as the foreign
Ministers at Pekin may bein a position tomake.”
It i@ unable to find credible evidence of euch
intention tn the Ministers’ notes, and Mr. McKin-
ley does not tender any. The Ties rejoices
in the proposal that the Powers obtain guaran-
tees for the safety of Chineap Christians, and
describes the proposal as an advance apparently
on any that has been put forward elsewhere.
It declares that Mr. McKinley’s views ragarding
the indemnity are in accord with some of the
best opinion in England. It concludes by
expressing the hope that Mr. McKinley’s second
term will be marked by a satiafactory settle
ment of all the outstanding questions between
the United Atates and Greet Britain.

 

SHOCKING TEXAS MURDER.

Man's Clothes Saturated With Turpentine and
Set on Fire—Burned to a Crisp.

Datias, Tex,, Deo, 8.—The most shocking
crime Dallas has known In years was com-
titted at an early hour this morning. Pate
Bain, formerly a constable and a respected
citizen of the Garland precinct, Dallas county,
was burned to death in John Chapman's saloon,
Aocording to his dying statement he was drug-
ged, robbed and then set on fire. His clothes
were saturated with four ounces of turpentine
fnd then ignited with a match. His body was
burned to a crisp before the fire could be put
out by those who discovered him.

John Chapman and E. D, Faulkner, his bar-
tender, were arrested by the police, charged
‘with the murder and three other men are being
Jooked for. The men under arrest deny any
knowledge of the crime, although !t was com-
mitted in a back room of the saloon. Bain's
friends are excited and threats of lynching
are being made. The awful crime has shocked
the entire county, Hundreds of farmers have
come to the city. Large official rewards will
be offered to help develop the facts connected
with the crime.

To-night a body of armed men without masks
@aid to be farmers, called at the county jail

and demanded the custody of the men charged
with Bain’s murder. They declared it to be
their intention to burn them, as Bain had been
u Jailer Owens met the men at the
ail door, which was locked. He told their
ender it would be useless for them to take
further proceedings, as the prisoners had been
taken from his custody early in the night and
to jail at Fort Worth, as a matter of
precaution for their safety. The men then
de ed, but there are fears that they may
return before morning. No one believes the
men have been removed. Sheriff Johnson and
most of his deputies are in the country dis-
tricts looking for suspects

 

 

RIVAL OF NIAGARA POWER COMPANY,

 

The Vanderbilts Said to Be Interested tn a
Scheme to Bulld a Great Power Plant.

LocuporT, N. Y, Dec. 3.—The Vanderbilt
millions, through the agency of the Niagara,
Lockport and Ontario Power Company, will
build a great power plant, rivalling in extent
the famous Niagara Falls plant, will construct
@ big water conduit from Lake Ontario to Lock-
Port to supply this city with water, cut a wide
power canal from Niagara River to this city,
build a power transmission Itne to Depew,
and make of Lockport and Depew electric
elties. The Common Council and « mass meet-
ing of citizens are to-night disoussing the propo-
sitions of this company and the Lockport and
Newfane Water Supply Company to give this
city a water supply from Lake Ontario, twelve
mT Ne Lock

e eckport and Newfane Company is
backed by the International Traction Com-
pany and is makinea fight for the water con-
ract. The-tirst mentioned company holds
the franchise for a power canal and, contending
that it has enlisted the support of the New
York millionaires, has given the city to un-
derstand that if it makes a water contract
With it the company will build the great canal
It stands ready to buy the right of way,which
Will cost $1,000.00) build the eondult’ from
Lake Ontario, Which will cost another million,
nd construct the power canal from Niagara

ver, which will cost &\ 000,000 The cor.
respondent of THE SUN has good authority
for the statement that the Vanderbilt millions
are behind this company and that the electric
e— generated here will be supplied to the

‘entral shoms and other factories at Depew.
The city will probably accept the Vanderbilt
company's offer

 

The Pittsharg Limited,"
via Peltimore and Onto Ratlroad,
On'y $8.9) frst class and $8.50 seeond class, New
York to Pittsburg vin this train. Leave New Vork,
South Ferry. 6:55 Bo M..and Liberty street 7:00 PM

rive Pittsburg &® 55 A.M. Pullman Buffet Drawing
fteom Neepiug Cars —Adr.

Antediluvian Rye.
Aristocratic, old and fne.—Ads.

 

ee oe ee es

   
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
  
    
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
  

se

 

DRTAY IN) PEKIN,

Piutravagant Notions of Military Attach «ae
to Defence of the Legations.
Prom a Stal Correspondent

Pexis, Deo 9 A meeting of the Ministers,
the call for which was tened by Minieter
Conger, will be held to-morrow. Tt wos at first
intended to hold the meetng today, but
M. Piohon, the French representative, pleaded
for A postponement on account of an importa: *
engagement. To-day M. Pichon was entertain-
ing four friends at luncheon at the Summer
Palace,

Tt ts understood here that severs] of the
Ministers have received instructions from
their Governments :egarding the preliminary
note to be presented t) the Chinese
It is rumored that the Instructions provide for
demanding # vere punishment of the guilty of-
ficlale and the payment of an ind-mnity
. A feature of the ministerial discussions that
has not been mentioned heretofore has been the
question of providing means to protect the
legations inthe future This question is fore it-
ing rivalry among the inilitary attaohés, whoare
Prolifio in plans. Home of them appear to be
impreseed with the idea that Pekin willo on tinue
to be always hostile to foregners, and that

therefore the legationa should be turned
fnto what would practically be a fortress
in the centre of an enemy's country. They

apparently do not realize that the safety of the
Ministers here, in the future, will be the same
ssinany other country, depending upon the
strength of the Government to protect them.
The attachés, in laying out thelr planus for de
fence, pay no attention to expense

They aay that China will have to meet the
expenditures {nourred, and that foreigners will
Pay Dothing. Thesugygestions from the French
and Germans are the most exaggerated. It
{h noted, however, that some of the Ministers
agree with the attachés in their ideas concern-
ing the defences of the legations. Further-
more, @ considerable part of the demand note
treats of the future safety of the residences of
the Ministers.

It is stated that Wu Ting-fang has {nforined
Li Hung Chang that the Washington Govern-
meot would not insist upon extreme punish-
ment for the princes and high dignitaries who
aided the Hoxers.

The Germans have at last promised to adopt
the severest measures to stop their sol-
diera from looting. The German offlcers
etate that when they oame to China they
intended to prevent looting, but as they found
everybody engaged in gathering the spoils
of war they could not prevent it and
show good faith. Now, however, they
have shot one soldier at Tlentain for
looting, and say they propose to shoot
others here. It is suggested in Pekin that they
might begin their shooting not arnong the pri-
‘vate soldiers, but higher up.

The treasures in the Dowager Empress's
palace, which is being used as the German

headquarters, ore gradually disappear-
ing, and their loss cannot be at-
tributed to the private soldiers The

Chinese, however, are thankful for smal! blea-
ings, and they will be pleased if al! the treasures
are not looted.

Ii Hung Chang, following the sigges-
tion recently made to him and Prince
Ohing, ts endeavoring to ascertain} through
one of the Chinese Ministers the opin-
fon of the Dowager Empress as to the
Court returning to Pekin under certain
oopditions, including a guarantee of protection,
and anfundertaking from her that she will not
interfere in any way with the Government,
whieh shall be under the control of the Rm-
peror.

 

DANGER AT TIENTSIN.

Engitoh Correspondent Repeats the Warning
Sent by Consul Ragsdale.
Speceal Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Lonpor, Deo. 4.—The Tientsin correspondent
of the Standard sends a warning of impending
trouble similar to that recently given by Mr
Ragsdale, the American Consul. He says that
placards threatening foreigners have again
been posted about the city. He adds that he
learns from a Chinese source in which he has
confidence that the volunteer movement in
China is growing more active andthatthe Gov-
ernment is providing the volunteers with arms
and ammunition. It is the policy of the allies
to concentrate their forces during the winter
for defensive purposes

KALGAN EXPEDITION'S SUCOCB&S.

 

Ceunt von Waldersee Says Meveral Thousand
Chinese Troops Were Driven Off.

Spectai Cadle Despatch to THE SUN.

Beri, Deo, 4 —Field Marshal Count von
Waildersee, commander of the allied forces
in China, reports that the expedition recently
despatched to Kalgan was most suoccessfi!
Several thousand regular Chinese troops, un-
der two Generals, were driven in wild flight
from the Province of Chill into the Province
of Shansi.

TURKEY

Armenian Indemnity to Be Added to the Price
of a Cruiser Ordered of the Cramps.

WASHINGTON, Dec. 8--The Stata Depart-
ment and Lloyd ©. Griscom, United States
Chargs d'Affaires at Constantinople, are en-
gaged in telegraphic correspondence on the
subject of the payment of the Armenian claims
of this Government against Turkey, and the
prospects appear excellent for the liquidation
of the claim withina very short time. The De
partment has been informed by Mr. Griscom
of the promulgation of the irade for the con-

WILL PAY

 

THE $90,000.

 

|
|

|

 

eS cs SS SSS

struction of a cruiser for Turkey by the Cramps |

of Philadelphia, the price to include the $00,000
Saimes by the United States for the damage

lone American property in Armenia. From
what THE SUN reporter was told to-day it is
evident that the Department will accept the
indemnity through the medium of the Cramps
ifanexprese statement is made by that ship-
building firm that the money ia fram the Turk-

ish Government and is in payment of the Ar- |

menian claims. Such a course will probably
© followe

The battleship Kentucky was to have left
Smyrna for Manila on Saturday last. The
fact that she is still at the Turkish port is at-
tributed to the good sense of her commander,
Capt. C,_M. Chester, who evidently realines
hat the Kentucky's presence at Smyrna has
ad the effect of stimulating the Sultan in his
consideration of the Armenian claims. Socre-
tary Long said this evening that while the
Kentucky was scheduled to remain only five
days at Smyrna, Cant. Chester had ample dis-
cretion asto nroloneing his visit, and the Navy
Department had no objection to his delay,

 

USED TAR AND FEATHERS.

 

A Mob Applied the Dose to a Man Who Insulted
Women in the Street.

ANDERSON, Ind, Dec. 3.—Frank Osborne,
a brick mason at Summitville, was taken from
jail by a mob at that place last evening who
applied a coat of tar and feathers. Osborne
was arrested on Saturday evening on coun
Maint of a number of young women who said
hat he insulted them on the streets. Miss
Tenora Wright suid that he attempted to era
inally assault her

A Horseless Carriage Record Broken.
Rartimonr, Md, Dee 8-4) BO MeFarland,
a student in theJotns Hopkins medical school,
has lowered the record for horseless carriages

p Bloomfield, N. 4,

|

between Washington and Baltimore to 8 hours |

14 minutes, a gain cf
best previous record
California Excurstone,

Date exeurs'ons In tourlst ears. Personally eon:
duct) | every Thursday, Chicago, Union Pacitie and
Norihaestern dine, Two fast trains dativ from
Cileaco, ateeso PLM. and 163) POM. No change
of cars Tickets, reservations and information at
Chicago and Northwestern ofc’, 46! Broadway.—

Adr.

**Tarned Down an Emnty Gings.'*
Omer Kbayyam probably had Evans’ Ale in ming

 

seven | inutes over the |

DEATH OF CADET BOOZ,

DELIRIOUS AND MADF NO

LATER STATEWENT.

HE Wis

 

He Had Told His Parents That Wis Tiness Was
Due to Hating by Ciassmates~ Sept. Mille
of the Milltary Academy Characterizes
the Story as Hoth Untrae and Ridiculous,

PurLapeteita, Pa, Dee 8 —Oscar Booz,
the West Point cadet who left the Military

Academy a few months after entering and

who, a few days ago, while seriously i) at bis
home in Bristol, to ld his parents that his illness

was due to hazing by bis classmates, died this

morning Ile waa delirious ged made no
statement His physician said he died of con-
tlummption, but would not gay more

West Point, N. ¥, Deo. 8—Col. Albert
M. Mills, Superintendent of the Military Acad-
emy, to-day made the following statement
to a SUN reporter which is the only authentic
one coming from Lim that has yet been pub-
lished regarding the Booz hazing case:

“The many statements made in the pres@
of the country, alleging that Oscar L. Booz
was atrociously hazed while he was @ cadet
at the Military Academy, to such an extent
that he is now dyiug from its effects, are untrue
and ridiculous. Ex-Cadet Booz was admitted
to the Military Academy June 20, 1808, and re-
signed Oct. $1, 1808
but once, July 30, when he was excused from
the drills for that day on account of diarrhcea.
Had he been brutally beaten in a fight with an-
other cadet or had his throat been injured
in the manner claimed, it would have been
impossible for him to hawe avoided the sick
report.

*The reason given for hia resignation was
weak eyes, His record shows he was in the

last section in mathematica and the marks he

recetved to the date of his resignation were
deficient. I believe therein jies the real cay-e
of hia resignation, and I think it most probable
he stories of bis alleged il] treatment arise
rom statements he has made in endeavoring
to explain to his friends his reasons for joaving
the academy. He made no complaint of il
treatrnent at the hands of other cadets He
was under orders to do eo if such was accorded
him. From inquiries made am convinced
this particular cadet was little interfered with
or molested by older cadets during his entire
stay at the Military Academy ”

There seeyis to be no doubt that the author-
ities of the Military Academy are being sub-
oe Ae to much uncalled-for and unjust notor-
ety on account of this Booz episode Col
Mills waa not superintendent of the Academy
gurin the time Boog was a cadet and there-
‘ore does not remember the young man . The
facta as gathered from records in the head-
quarters building and other reliable sources
are these

Oscar L. Booz was admitted to the Military
Academy orn Fennerivanis June 20, 1508
He resigned Oct. $1, 1808, on account of weak
eyes In regard to the Specie assertion made
that ex- adet Boog waa brutally pounded in
a tight forced upon him by an older and r
cadet and that he was forced to drink some
fluid which affected and weakened his throat,
the statement is regarded here a8 absurd.

In recent years there has been considerabl+
hazing of new cadets and there have been tn-
stances in which it has been carried to an ex-
treme and cruel extent, but never tn oe
atrocious manner alleged to have been linpos
on Cadet Booz

 

 

MANCHESTER BUYS A DOG

 

And He Also Finds Time to Deny Story of Coel-
ness Between Him and Yarmonth.

The Duke of Manchester got up shortly
after © o'clock yesterday morning and to a
reporter who saw him at the hotel he eaid;

“That story about a coolness between me
and the Earl of Yarmouth is nonsense. Yar-
mouth and I are the best possible friends.
I'!] tell you how it started. I was rehearsing
with the Strollers last year and Yarmouth,
thinking he would like to attend the relearsal,
sent in his card. The card was received by
Mr. Sands, the stage manager, who sent word
back that no outsider could be then admitted
to the rehearsal. A few minutes afterward
he happened to think that the card might have
been intended for me and said that, if euch

were the case, Le’d send for Yarmouth to come

{n. I told him not to do anything that might
interrupt the rehearsal on my account and
he didn’t. The next morning some of the
vapers had long stories about @ row between
Yarmouth and myself. We met after we'd
read the stories aud had a good laugh over
them. In proof of the absurdity of the story,
I'm Inviting Yarmouth to take luncheon with
m@ to-morrow.”

he Duke made the latter statement good
early last evening Yarmouth has lodgings
fu West Thirty-sixth street, almost opposite
the Lambs’ Club. Manchester and a friend
called there about 6 o'clock, found the Earl at
home and the juncheon invitation was de
livered in person and pocepted The luncheon
will be given at the Waldori-Astoria and besides
the Duke and the Earl, the Duchess of Man-

chester and her father, Mr Zimmerman, and
Paris Singer will be there and possibly Col
John Jacob Astor. The Duke sent a note of

invitation to Co} Astor at Rhinecl{ff yesterday,
but hadn't recefyed a reply last evening

While the Duke was being interviewed in
the forenoon the Duchess and her eunts, the
Misses Evans, Went sho ping and later went
to the Grand Central Station to see one of the
Misses Evans off for Cincinnati, whither she
went to prepare the Zimmerman house for the
reception to be given by Mr Zimmerman in
onor of his daughter and her husband The

uke and Duchess took luncheon with Mr. and
Mra. Francis H. Leggett, at their residence,
21 West Thirty-fourth street. Mre Leggett
and the Duke were both interested in the al-
leged cures effected by Mrs. Walden, the Texas
woman who went abroad last spring and pros
pered exceedingly in London and Paris among
those who bad faith inher massage treatment.

After luncheon, the Duchess went for a drive
and the Duke, hearing. that Winston Churchill
son of the late Lord Randolph Churchill, had
arrived In New York, went down to the Evere
House to call on bim Manchester learn
there that the young war correspondent waa
on the Lucania and probably would not arrive
before Saturday eturning to the Holland
House the Duke met a breeder of Boston ter-
riers from whom he bought a brindle and white
prize winner. He will take the dog to Ireland
where he has, at his place, Tanderagee Castle,
twenty-four other dogs of various breeds
The Duchess is an admirer of this easentially
American variety of the bull dog of which she
already has a very good specimen. Late in
the afternoon the Duke went downtown and
spent some time in a newspaper_office where
he used to work as a reporter Last evening
he apd his wife and Mr Zimmerman dined at
the Waldorf-Astoria and then went to Weber
& Fields's

fo-morrow evening the Manchesters will
go up to Yonkers to aee the first performance
by the Strollers of “The Cruise of the Summer
Girl" On Thursday they and Mr. Zimmer-
man and Miss Evans will leave for Cincinnati
fn the private car of the officers of the Cin-
cinnati, Hamilton and Dayton Railroad, of
which Mr. Zimmerman is the Vice-President

 

CAR INJURES THE REV. DR. NERMAN
Former Columbia Professor Ran Down in Madi-
son Avenue Taken to Bellevae.

The Rev. Dr. Chauncey Herman, a retired
Episcopal clergyman of 271 Bloomfield avenue,
was knocked down by a
northbound Fourth avenue eleetrie car at
Fourteenth street yesterday afternoon, He
received a bad eut over the left eye and was

taken to Bellevue Lospital

Ir, Herman is 72 years old and he suffered
more from the shock of being hit and thrown
down than from the ont. When the accident
occurred he was crossing the avenne from the
weet side He waited for a southbound car
to pass him and then quichened his pace to
reach the opposite curb but ran into the car
going the other way iustead

When Supt. O'Rourke of Bellewue heard
about the patient he sent word to the par-
sonace of the Calvary Episcopal Church, The
Rev. Mr. Wright, the curate of that parish,
hurried to the hospital and spent the greater
part of the afternoon with the injured clergy-

 

man. Mr Wricht arranged to notify Dr
| Herman's friends of what had happenec
The tev. Dr Herman was a professor in
Columbin about forty vears ago. He was
afterward Provident of the Riverside Collegiate

 

 

°

Instit From the institute he went to the
Linden Seminary as a teacher and after that
vreached in Paterson and Pleasantdale, N
lis father was the late Rev. Dr. J. Worstman
Herman

All Deerfoot Farm Sausages
are made, at the Port, to Southborn, Masa nee
success is owing to the ¢ materials
meatness and cleanliness of the preparation. Ade

lie was on sick report

 

  
 
    
  
 
   
  
   
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
  
  
  
   
  
  
 
  
   
  
    
  
 
  
  
  

|

NO PERMANENT DEWRY ARCH.

Sabsecriptions to He Retarned to Donors Com-
mittee So Decided Vesterday,

The Executive Committee for perpetuating
the Dewey Arch met vesterday afternoon in the
Kt Paul Building aid ae a result all plang for
the building of a permanent arch were aband-
oned, the committee voting to dieband and to
return the money already subscribed) The
Amount to be returned Is $65,000 in cash. In ad-
dition $135,000 had been pledyed, and the per-
eons who promised to give the various amounts
whieh this comprises will now be freed from
their pledges

The metmbera of the committee who were
present at the meeting were: William (. Chureh,
chairman; Louis Windmodller, vice-chairman;
J. Edward Simmons, Treasurer, Charles IT,
Nicoll, Secretary; John D. Crimmins, William
F. Havemever, E, Elery Anderson, Robert M.
Thompeon, E. W. Bloomingdale, James T. Wood-
ward, William H. Pareons, Henry A. Burnett and
Edward R, Johns. The vote to disband was ten
to three. Secretary Nicoll said he believed that
Mr. Windmuller was one of the three who had
voted no, but he would not say who the other
two were

Various propositions were submitted during
the meeting One emanated froin the Henry-
Bonnard Bronze Co. which stipulated to have
the arch built for 10 percent. of the money
collected. The company also guaranteed to
collect sufficient additional money to bulld
ft, and stated that the firm of Ellin, Kitson & Co.
had agreed to do the work for $260,000. The
company’s representatives explained, how-
ever, that this did not include the cost of the
sculptural work or the matertal for it. This
proposition was unanimously voted down.
Another proposition was to build the arch
of terra cotta and it met the same fate as
the first. Still another rejected proposition
was to raise money by the sale of miniature
arches made out of the material of the old
arch. The men who proposed this scheme
@id that the public would be willing to pay
bigh prices for such souvenirs

Col. Thompson suggested that subscribers
be requested to allow their subseriptiona to
be turned over to the Naval Branch of the
Young Men‘s Christian Association in Brook-
lyn. Helen Gould once gave $250,000 to that
institution. This proposition was carried

Secretary Nicoll said that not once during the
meeting was Admiral Dewey's name men-
tloned and that no eubseriptions had been
received during the last four rnonths, although
the committee had 600 solicitors at work during
that time He said that the expenses of the
committee had been $4,000, or 3 per cent. of
the total amount secured

Mr. Sirnmons, Col. Church and Mr. Nicoll
were appointed a comrulttee to close up the
matter and return the money to those sub-
ecribers who did not wish their money to go
to the Naval Branch ofthe ¥ M.C.A

KICK AT THE CUSTOM HOUSE.

Bamborger-Stern Goods Promptly Released
~Who ‘Tried to Be Crooked?”

The Bamberger-Stern Company, importers
of silks and laces nt 135 Fifth avenue, let its
voice be heard in the Custom House yesterday,
The firm made a protest against an incident
in the experience of Mr. Julius 8. Stern in get-
ting certain of his goods through the Custom
House op his arrival in the St. Louis on Saturday
evening.

. Btern and Mr. Bamberger, with some
reléctance, gave this account of the transaction
yesterday at their place of business.

“It was nothing at all,” sald Mr. Bamberger,
“only that a man who had been working dirty
business on a lot of people tried it on us and got
left,”

“Were your goods seized?” asked the re-

 

 

“No, no, no!” eald Mr. Bamberger. “It was
very different. They were retained for re-
@xamivation, which is very different from
eelyure. They were sent to the appralsers’
6torés to be examined. To-day they were re-
leased and they are here now.”

“I paid the duty on them,” said Mr. Stern,
“and the goods were marked to be passed
Saturday night According to the appraisers
to-day, I paid too much. The eppralsers’
values were lower than my declaration.”

“Then what {fs your trouble?”

*There was no trouble—for the newspapers.
What we have to say will be laid before Deputy
Collecwr Phelps tomorrow morning to be
transmitted by him to Secretary (iage. He
will take it to the President if necessary, We
simply refused to countenance that man down
there who tried to be crooked ”

“What was the form of your complaint?”

“We don't make any complaint,” exclaimed
Mr. Bamberger. “We have nothing to com-
plain about. They have a right to suspect
anybody they please. It is their right to re
examine anything they like. All we want to
do ia to prevent people from being dishonest
Col. Phelps will have our statement in the
morning. He can give It to you if he wants
to"

The customs officer who, according to other
officials at the Custom House had a disagree-
ment with Mr. Stern, said last night that he
knew nothing about the case and that he had
not been on a steamship plier for three weeks.

CRASH IN THE TROLLEY

 

 

TUNNEL.

Car Smashed, Passengers Cut and a Motorman
Thrown Through the Front Door.

A slow-witted passenger was the innocent
cause last night of a rear-end collision be-
tween two trolley cars in the Fourth avenue
tunnel! at Thirty-eighth street, Both care
were southbound. The first was crowded
with pasgengers. The second car had the
“no passenger” éign out on the front platform
and was hurrying to the car stables at Thirty-
third street

The passenger who caused the troublewanted
to leave the first carat the foot of the stairway
which leads from Thirty-eighth street down
into the tunnel, but he did not sfenal the con-
ductor till the car aot just by the stairway
Then he rmished toward the rear plaftorm,
calling to the conductor to stop the car. The
conauctor gave a quick, short pull on the bell-
rope, which means stop anyway, anywhere,
regardleas of white posts or street crossings,
The motorman obeyed the beil and brought
the car to a standstill within a few feet, The
motorman of the car behind, having seen the
other car pass the stairway, thought that every-
thing was clear and didn't slow up. The crash
wastheresult.

The second car waa wrecked. The hood
over the front platfo-m was ripped off and
the platform itself and the fender were splin-
terex The motorman on that car was thrown
through the open front door and that's what
saved his life. All of the windows of the car
ahead were smashed and some of the passengers
were cut

Policemen from the West  Thirtieth atreet
station hurried to the tunnel, but there wasn't
much for them to do as none of the passengers
had been seriously hurt. There were no formal
complaints made

 

THREE KILLED IN ARKANSAS.

 

Two Men Attacked a Ratlroad Agent
Their Lives.

ORLEANS, Ta., Dee, 3=The Killian
brothers, merchants, of Parkdale, Ark... on
the St. Lonis and Iron Mountain Railroad,
five miles beyond the Louisiana line, had a
difficulty with Railroad Agent Phillips last
nicht. They smashed the windows of the
station house and went to Phillips's boardin
house and dared him to come out. As he aa
80 they drew weapons and began firing with
the result that all three of the men were killed
Phillips was 26 years old and had come to

All Lost

New

Parkdale only a few months before from Pine |

Bluff, Ark

To Able Men and Healthy Women
tiie foes question ts interesting. Drink Evans’ Ale
- ft.
Haan's Restaurant, 75th St. and Col, Av.
Supertly appotated for dinner and supper. Muste

 

SPLIT IN) DIVVER CLUB,

PRESIDENT RIORDAN AND COUNCIIMAN
POURY GPT OUT.

—

P. Divvel Save They Were “Kicked Out" for
Distovalty Croker Terned Riordan Down
for ( ongress

Ciab Already Started in the Dietrict.

Congressman Daniel J) Riordan and Couneil-
man Thomas J. Foley resigned from the I’
Divver Association last night at ite regular
meeting in the clubhouse at 60 Madison street
Riordan has been President of the club for
two years or ever since he became Congress-
man, Foley has been connected with the or-
ganization for the last seven years, Their
resignations, it was said at the clubhouse last
night, did not occasion any surprise, “They
were kicked out,” said the Hon, P. Divver
himaelf

The reason, he said, was disloyalty to the
organization, Neither of them was present
at the meeting last night to hear the resigna-
tions read — Before they were read and before
the election’of officers, Mr. Divver got up and
announced that if there was any one in the room
disloyal to the organizayn he was invited to
leave the club then and there

This gave a little more effect to the reading
of the two resignations that followed. There
were no other resignations, Mr. Divver, after
the meeting, would not go into details about
the resignations, except to say that it was
“disloyalty in both cases.”

“Did they refuse to support the ticket?” he
was asked. 7

“That you had better see Mr. Riordan about,
replied Mr. Divver, “fhey simply took the
hint I gave ‘em and got out; that’s all there is
to be said.”

The resignations portend a serious split in
the Divver Association, it is believed, as both
Riordan and Foley have a strong following
among the young men of the district. Kior-

1 it will be remenibered, was one of the ' Ab-
saloms” turned down by Mr. Croker t order
that Mr. Croker's friend, Thomas J. Creamer,
could go to Congress. Mr. Riordan and his
young friends, including Councilman Foley,
did not accept this graciously and they made
their opposition felt before the election.

Reoentiv a new club known as the Seymour
Club was started in the districtand It has been
noised about for some time that Riordan was
behind it. It has been regarded as the oppo.
sition camp and Riordan may assume now an
active part in it. Atany rate this is expected
by the Divverites. After the resignations had
been read ut the meeting Asssemblyman Janes
A. Rlerdon was elected to succeed Congress-
man Riordan as President of the club. The
other officers elected were Robert M. Dorr,
Vice-President’ James Cilchrist, Secretary,
and Samuel Wolf, Treasurer.

SHRIEKING WOMAN AT THE PUTNAM

 

Scared a Crowd Into Expecting a Murder —Just
Crazy or Drunk.

A crowd of women who had been attending
the opening of the Woman's Sufirage Bazaar
{n Madison Square Garden were standing at
Twenty-sixth street and Madison avenue at
® 30 o'clock last nigut when a window on the
fifth floor of the Putnam Howse in Fourth
avenue flew up and a woman's dishevelled
head appeared. Then
frantic shrieks

“Murder! police!” screamed the woman in
blood curdJing toues

The crowd below looked up In horror. Be-
hind the woman they oould ses the figure of a

man. The two seemed to be struggling to-
ether.
° “He's trying to throw her out of the window,“
yelled some ove and cries of horror were heard
on all sides. Men dashed for the hotel. Polloe-
men dashed in and Lounded up stairs. Mean-
while the man and woman continued to atruggle,
“Take him away, 6 him away,” shrieked
the nm. She could be seen atriking and
scratching atthe man as though tna desperate
effort to eaye herself from bein eer

the street. The crowd expecte >» wee her
come fiying through the alr every seoond
Men were groaning and women gas Ing.

It seemed five minutes, but it was probably
not more than two, before a policeman’s form
appeared at the window. He pulled down the
shade and the shrieks ceased. Investigation
elicited this explanation from the hotel people.

A man and woman who registered as
"Edward A. Green and wife, West Brighton,
8. I." had registered half an hour pree
viously. They had been drinking, appar-

ntly. After betng up fn the rom bai an
sour the man came down and told the clerk
that his wife was crazy. Then he wen
out. The clerk and a bellboy went up to the
oom. When they opened the door the woman
regan the shrieks which started the people
in the street. The bell boy tried to quiet her
and she fought him off. his wag what the
watchers below thought was the effort to toss
the woman out of the window. When the
olicemen, half a dozen of them, got to the room
he woman became quiet and walked down
stairs. She went out by the side door and a
appeared. The policemen did not get her
name. They thought the easiest way out was
the best way. In their opinion the woman was
drunk either from liquor or morphine. “Mr.
Green” did not turn up again,

THROWN TRYING NEW HORSES.

followed a series of

 

 

 

Brewer Hoffman, Lame From Rheumatism,

Probably Killed by His Horse Show Team.

Jacob Hoffman, the retired brewer of 2@
East Fifty-fifth street took out a new team of
bay horses in his spider phaeton yesterday.
The team was purchased by Mr. Hoffman at
the Horse Show. The coachman tried them on
Sunday and yesterday Mr Hoffman thought

he could handle them Mr Hoffman is 60
years old and has been suffering from inflame
matory rheumatism: for several months He
can walk only with the aid of two walking
stigks and his only recreation is driving
@ turned the new team to Riverside Drive
vesterdas A’ 124th street, near Grant's Tomb
an automobile frightened the horses Mr
Hoffmarytried to hold them but thes started up
the driv® at a wallop. They had only gone a
hort distance when the rig struck the curb) Mr
Joffman was thrown onto the sidewalk thirty
feet away His coachman, Thomas. Martin
of 212 East Fifty-tourth street landed on h
head a few feet away Mr. Hoffman receiv
a compound fracture of the skull  Martin‘’s
nose was broken, his hip dislocated and his
head cut open Both were removed to the
J Hood Wright Hospital, but Mr Hoffman was
later taken home
The horses continued running around the
loop beyond Grant's Tomb (At 128th street
they etruck a lamppost and smashed the
phaeton The harness broke and the horses
separated, one going southand the other head-
ing for the tomb Both were caught. Thetr
legs were severely eut

 

PLACE FOR BOUTELLE.

 

To Resign as Congressman and Go on Retired
List as a Naval Captain.

Rancon, Me, Dec. 3.-—-Information was re-
ceived here to-night from Washington that
a bill is to be immediately introduced in Con-
gress to place Congressman Charles A. Boutelle
of Bangor upon the retired list as a naval Cap-
tain, with pay
the House Y
the Senate, Se

The bill will be presented in
Congressman Tittlefield, and in
| ‘nator Hale will look after it
Such a step has been under consideration
by Congressman Boutelle’s friends for many
weeks, who realize that his health is broken
and that he will never be able to return to Wash-
ington. He spent all of his earnings in main-
taining a Republican paper in this city, anc
has little left now for his support. Mr. Bou-
telle, if the bill becomes a law,will resign from
Congress on March 4, and Gov. Hill of Maine
will at once call a special election to fll the
vacancy in the Fifty-seventh Congress, to which
Mr. Boutelle was chosen last September,
|

 

ELEPHANT TOO BIG FOR TUNNELS.

 

Southern Railroads Can't Ship the Wig Fellow
in His Large Car.

| CHAMLFSTON, S. ©, Dec. 3.—An elephant
| consigned to a showman in Baltimore is being
| held here by the Plant System official because
the car in which the animal travels is too laree
to pass through the big tunnels near Baltimore
| The elephant was delivered to the Plant System
at Albany, Ga, and the ear had to be trans-
ferred here to the Atlantic Const Line The
Coast Line and the Southern Kailway both re-
fused to accept the offering, as the car was too
| ble. An ordinary freighter will net hold the
| elephant and the railway people are waiting

NEW YORK, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1900,- COPYRIGHT. 1900. BY THE SUN PRINTING AND PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION

 

Hival Democratic Seymour |

M
¢
1
&.

until suitable means can be provided for the

| shipping

 

Fast Train for St. Louls
via ea. York Central—Big Four Route. ve
Sept Sawe Station 5:30 P. M.; seers Oh, uls
. e . connection Kansas
ty. Ne excess tare. —

An ideal Christmas Gift

Pain to-day and to-morrow; south

¢

CHICAGO FAPTOSION KITTS FIVE

tnjared Railroad
Destroved

Seventeen ower Mouse

and
reor lows

earl thie

Dee 4 Five lives were loat

men and Women were n

Cte age
seventeen
es riovaly injured by an explosion
evening in the power house of the Chicn@o and
Northwestern Railroad in Kinzie «treet The
bullding was destroved aud a railroad conch
wrecked, causing a low of $50,007

The boiler that exploded was blown through
the roof of the building 1.0 feetinto the air and
(5 feet south across the main railroad troeks
It fell upon the seuth track among @
crew of section men, four of whom were in
stantly killed, A fifth man, who was | assing
the power hous» at the time of the explosion,
was blown fifty feet and ao severely injured
that he died before medical as istance arrived

One of the end plates of the boder Which ex-
ploded Was blown trough the southend of toe
power house, Iterashed through o car of an
outwolng train and injured several persons
Half a dozen employees of the raidroad con.
pany were in the power house wh n the
explosion oceurred and three or four were
injured, one fatally. Several pedestrians who
were passing the power house were struck by
flying bricks and other débria aud severely in-
jured

The five men killed were all employees of the
Chicago and Northwestern Kailroud Company
Of the fifteen injured only three are likely to
die. They were railroad men, Among the
injured were two women--Minnie Biskel of
Sheboygan and Annie Beck. Neither of thern
was badly hurt.

 

TWO BATTLESHIPS DISABLED.

Massachasetts Leaking Badly, and Kearsarge
Has 13-inch Gan Out of Order,

Newport News, Va, Dec. 3.—With the bat-
tleship Massachusetts leaking badly and the
battleship Kearsarge with one of her big 15-
inch guns in the forward turret disabled, there
do not appear to be any indieations that the
North Atlantic squadron, of which these two
ships form an important part, will leave these
waters on Dee. 20, a8 announced. It has been
known for several days that the Massachu-
setts was leaking badly and all her pumps
had to be used to prevent her from sinking
in Hampton Roads. The injury to the big
battleship is forward and divers have been
working on her for the past two days trying
to make temporary repairs so that she could
be taken back to the Brooklyn Navy Yard
and put in dry dock. They have succeeded
in reducing the leak so that two pumps are
now keeplng her clear

The battleship Kearsarge, soon after leaving
dry dock at Brooklyn, fired her 13-inch @un
in the forwurd turret and the recoll cushion
failed to act properly. The big gun waa totally
disabled, for a time at least. It is thought
that the gun will have to be dismounted and
heated, to replace her bands, which have been
sprung about ten inches,

The torpedo boat Dupont passed Old Point
this morning on her way to Norfolk, where she
will coal before joining the squadron for the
cruise in the West Indies.

 

 

PANIC IN A BROOKLYN THEATRE.

 

Drenken Man Yelled ‘Fire!’ and Audience
Made for the Doors —No Serious Damage.

A drunken man annoyed people who were
aitting round him yesterday afternoon In the
gallery of Corse Payton's theatre in Williams-
burg. A special policeman first advised the
moan to keep quiet and then undertook to eject
him. While resisting the officer the man shouted
“Fire!” and about two hundred women and
children in the lower part of the house made a
rush for the doors. Corse Payton, who was
on the stege, stepped forward and, after shout-
ing that there was no fire, directed the orchestra
to play. It did so, but the music had no effect
on the audience. In the excitement half a
dozen people were knocked down and trampled.
Meanwhile word of the panic had reached the
Clymer street police station and nearly a dozen
policemen hastened to the theatre. The police
succeeded in quieting the audience and those
who were injured or overcome were fixed up
in one of the anterooms. After a short delay
the performance was resumed. ‘The man who
had caused all the mischief effected his escape.

 

 

PRESIDENT DIAZ INTERFERES.

Demands Better Treatment for Americans Ar-
rested for Mexican Railway Accidents,

Noaoaues, Ariz, Dec. 3. -The etrained con-
dition of affairs on the Sonora Railroad has
been relieved by the direct intervention of
President Diaz, in response to urgent tele-
granis from the officials of the Southern Pacitic
Raiiway. The President sent a message to
the State authorities at Hermosillo to detain
ae little as possible all trainmen arrested or
held as witnesses; to give speedy hearing to
all rallway men arrested and to avoid the in-
dignities to which they have heretofore been sub-
jected, such as close guard at the point of the
bayonet, and to release trainmen arrested for
accidents on the line, juet as quickly as their
innocence is shown

The engineers and conductors generally
feel] that now they have a degree of protection
and roost of them have returned to their work,
so trains have resummed regular trips Some
engineers have preferred to leave the road
Conductor Budge and several others arrested
along the Sonora Railway’ have been released

coURT TO STOP THE COURTING?

Mother Seeks Aid to Prevent Son From Paying
Attention to a Young Woman.

Mrs Mary Folsom of Ninety-second street
and Third avenue, Fort Hamilton, has obtained
& BUINMoONS In the Coney Island police court
for her son, Frank Folsom, on a charge of dis-
orderly conduct) Mrs Folsom charges, it is
said, that her son persists in paying attention
to a certain young women of Bay Rid@e, and
she is determined to putastoptoit The sum-
mons is returnable to-day and the case will
be heard by Magistrate Voorhees

 

KILLED IN A RUNAWAY ACCIDENT.

 

Wealthy Builder Murray Jomped Out When
His Horse Bolted.

Ornanae, No J, Dee. 3. Alexander Murray
of Harvard street, Kast Orange, a wealthy
builder, was killed in a runaway accident in
South Orange this morning He was driving
in Sloan street when his horse bolted. Mr
Murray jumped and his head struck against
the curbstone, fracturing his skull. The un-
consdious man was taken to the Orange Mem-
orial Hospital, where he died at 7 o'clock this

ning.

BROKE HER KNEE CAP AT SHANTEY'S.

‘Mise Campbell, Milliner,"' of the Gilsevy House,
a Patient in Bellevue.

A woman giving the name of Miss Chloe
Campbell, and her residence as the Gilsey
House, went with her friend, Mrs. Elvin Van
Auken, to Shanley’s restaurant last night,
accompanied by two male acquaintances, for
dinner. As they were leaving the place Miss
Campbell caught her heel on the stairs and fell,

breaking her knee cap. She was taken to Belle.
vue Hospital in a carriage by her friends and
decided to remain there for the night. Miss
Campbell gave her oceupation as a milliner

the Christmas Problem.
To solve it buy a Waterman Ideal Fountain Pen.
Dealers eure wnere or at

1. E. Waterman Co, 157 Broadway, N. Ade.

 

A Marvelices Ale
and preposscestog~dy OC. H: Evans @ Sona—Ade,

to east winds,

=a

PRICE TWO CENTS.
THE CONGRESS IN SESSION,

 

ITADERS MAP OLT THE WORK FOR THR
COMING THRER WONTHA.

| Members of Hoth Houses, Fven Some of the
| Defeated, Huovant and Optimistic -Desks
of Senators and Representatives Covered
With Flowers Meading of the Message.

WaAstiscton, Dee 9 Toeday the second
and final seasion of the Fiftv-sixth Congress
thet in a burst of aood feeling over the satis-
| factory results of the recent election, and with
|) 4 determination to make it a business session

such as has never before been known in the

history of the Covernment Nothing was

done to-day except the exehange of congratu-

lations and condolences among the Senators

and Hepresentitives and the reading of the
Hot before dinner
the echoes of the reunion had died away
and the leader of the two houses had in a gen-
eral way mapped out the work for the coming
three months

In the Senate the

ranged

resident's annanal message
fim

steering committee ar.
t+ programme for the immediaca
future, and in the House the Wass and Means
and Military agoing the ma-
chinery for the passage of the bills for reducing
the war tax and reorganizing the army on a

|
permanent basis

committees set

To-m rrow everybody will
put their shoulder to the wheel and go to work
with the unanimous and hearty detertnination
to clear the calendars of necessary businesa
so that when the end of the session comes it

will make certain a long parliamentery recess
until the Fifty-seventh Congress {4 ushered in
on the first Monday of December, iyo!

Bevery body except the few victinis of defeat
at the November elections, and even some
of them, was buoyant and optimistic to-day,
perhaps being inspired by the bracing tone of
President's message The Democrats
secmed to share in the general good feeling,
and if they are chagrined at the disastrous
ending of their political campaign they gave
no indications of it ‘The crowds in the gale
lenies of both bouses and in the corridors of
the Capitol were the saine crowds, in point of
nimubers at least, that haunt the building when-
ever anything out of the ordinary is going on,
and to say that they filled every foot of avail-
able space is putting it mildly

‘The flower craze was more widespread to-
day than ever. The desks in both Senate and
House were literally bowers of roses and chrys-
anthemume, and the tributes ranged all the
Way in size and beauty from the great four-foot
busket on the desk of the mighty Hanna to
the simple litle nosegay that came to Senator
MeMillan of Michigan from an humble public
servant for whom he had done a small favor.
Congressional bouquets as a rule are the ex-
pression of gratitude for favors to come, but
Occasionally they are more elncere.

In the Senate the desks of the late Senators
Gear of Iowa and Davis of Minnesota were
vacant, but they were not draped because of
that bit of Senatorial tradition which says that
bo marks of mourning shall be seen upon the
places oceupied by those who have been laid to
rest before the Senate meetg. Only sixty-one
of the eighty-five Senators were present to-day
and among the absentees wea Pettigrew of South
Dakota, who after the éth of March next will
always be absent. Of those who will go out
with him on that day the one who will be missed
above all others is Wolcott of Colorado, whose
friends admire him more than ever now that he
has accepted with manly cheerfulness his de-

the

hate
Fon will be beck in tote.” and In pine cases out
of ten wi father to th ught,

Ww.
~ The Hou of epresentatives was nolsy
an um ne ang wpooronee as usual,
nd noth nteres oocurr: uripg the
rief session, except when Joe Bulley, the hair-
splitting constitutjonal lawyer, soon to be
transfefred to nate, made bis little point
against the | ty of the credentials of the
successor of Mr. Dolliver of Iowa, who has
been appolated Senator, but who has not yet
been aworn in. All the Republicans, from the
Speaker down to the page boys, feit happy
nd did pot attempt to hide their feelings

‘hey are in power now for another four years,
and prof a Willingness to join hands with
the Benate In accom ine the work that
the Repyblican party has to do as mapped out
by the President in bis mesea That docu-
ment meets with the approval of ali the Re-
publicans of both houses who Iistened to its
reading to-day, and its recommendations will
be kept in mind as the Republicans forge abead
with the work of dispoping, of the great mass
of legislation that. must disposed of between
now and the 4th of March

PROCEEDINGS IN THE SENATE.

The session was opened with prayer by the
Chaplain, Mr. Milburn, in which a touching
tribute of respect and honor was paid to the
two dead Senators —Gear and Davis. The roll
of Senators was called and sixty-one answered
to their names

Then Mr. Proctor of Vermont presented the
certificate of election of William P. Dillingham
as Senator from the State of Vermont to fill the
unexpired term of the late Senator Morrill
The certificate having oon, rend. Mr. Dilling-
ham was escorted by Mr. Proctor to the desi
of the presiding oMcer and took and subscribed
to the oath of office

The usual resolutions were offered and agreed
to, fixing the hour of daily meeting at noon,
to notify the House that the Senate is organized;
and to appoint a committee (Messrs. Hoar
and Cockrell, oldeat in service) to wait upon
the Preeident and inform him that both houses
of Congress were in session and ready to receive
any communications he might desire to make

| Then a recess was taken until 1 o’elock, at
wWiich Umea further recess was talcen to 148
4t 1:45 o'clock Renators Hoar and Cockre!|
reported that they lad waltad on the President
and that be wonld communicate with Congres
forthwith Thenthe Vresident’s message was
delivered by Secretary Pruden, and its reading
was begin

The reading occupied an hour and fiftv
minutes At {ta close announcement was made
by Mr Allison of the death of his late collengue,
Mr Gear, and by Mr Nelson of the death of
his late colleague, Mr Davis: and it was stated
that ona subsequent occasion an opportunity
would be given to the Senate of expressing
its sentiments of appreciation of the two dead
Seni s And then at $50, asa further mark
of respect, the Senate adjourned until to-mor-
row

 

HOSE PROCREDINGS

The session of the House was opened with

prayer, aud then the re was calledin the or-
| des of State. Two hundred and seventy-

five members having answered to their names,
Speaker Henderson declared a quorum present
and the House ready for the transaction of
business

When the credentials of the members elected
to fill vacancies had heen received, Mr Bailey
(Dem. Tex |} calledattention to the certificates
of John P Conner, who had been elected from
the Tenth lowa district to suoceed Jonathan
P Joolliver, appointed to the Senate The
certificate stated that Mr. Dolliver had tendered
his resignation to také effect the firet Monday
in December, whereas the election had been
heldon Nov 6, nearly a month before the va-
eancy occurred Then, too, the Supreme Court
had held that a resignation to take effect at
some future day was not a resignation at all,
but merely notice of an intention to resign at
that date. If that were true, Mr. Dolliver had
not resigned when the Governor of lowa ordered
the election and he had no authority to order It.

The Speaker, noting Che objection, asked Mr
Conner to stand aside pending an inquiry Into
his credentials, and the cath of office was then
administered] to the other members-elect

The list of new members elected to fill wa
eancies follows

William Richardson of the Eighth Alabama
datriet, succeeding Gen. Joseph Wheeler, re-
signed; Samuel 1D) Woors, Second California
district. to succeed Marion Devers, resigned
WO. Hoffecker of Delaware, succeeding }
father, John HH. Hoffecker, who died in the +
cess; Walter | Smith of the Ninth lowa dis-
trict, suceeeding Smith MePhereon, resiened:
James P Conner, Tenth Towa district, succeed.
ing Jonathan P Dolliver, resiened, Josiah Kerr
Leeds, First Maryviand district, succeeding
John Walter Smith, ressened: Albert D) Shaw,
Twenty-fourth New York district. succeeding
Charles A Chickering, decessed: bdward Mor-
reli. Fifth) Pennsyvivania district, succeeding
A © Harmer, “Father of the House"; Allan 1,
MeDermott, Seventh dstrict of New Jersey,

sneceeding Will

 

 

 

 

im 1) lisiv. who died in the
recess, and Robert W. Wilcox, delegate from
the new Territory of Hawail, who, ronning upon

 

 

 

 

Ivers & Pond Pianos
orm! q \s
forerdbe Fulton et, Byookiya, N.Ye-age

 

 

aN

SS eS