1 a THE SUN, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1900.

) CRITICS OF NEW CHARTER. | : ,

Spaeth rggtonstion, of he monarchy, | mm OLROMARGARING BILE. SECRETARY ROOT’S REPORT, ony be it ts

senane |» MMe Phame writ ‘We Wade Against tt tn the ater hy the 0
onne th ointene t nde, a cone -
ker announced * ep PF bite doen ™ iphed the aro

hen of Wiecon@in to be a mnemler Hoanee, hat 10 fe Reperted to Pave,
abvone ’ the Oen. ad wonion the isth, placing the Nint

 
     
   
       
   
   
    
    
  

  

NOW PLATT AAVS “IT WONT 10." POLI
TICTANS SHAKE THEIR HEADS

    
  

OPERATIONS OF THK ARMY IN THE) 4G

    
 

 
 

  

eee

ae

=

eer

=
ee

es
ene

y

ed

cover
lai
ens

iad

 

 

joasible ‘Toe Army lLeorgantaation till will
@ Liken up us secon oa lt received from the
ouse, Hod Lue Souppand Dillw Il be iiformally
aid aside for that | pose rm ho
oO pass it be fore ac or the
olidays The bil reduction of
War revenue Saas ,to have right of way
over the Siippina tet it to be second In tine
portance to the Army bill

 

  
  
 

The |

nt is taken

  
  
 

MOUSE DEMOCRATS IN CAUCUS.

Nothing Decided Upon Regarding the Army
Reorgantzation Bill.
WasHINoTON, Dew 8
bers of the House held a caucus this afternoon
on the Army Reorganization bill After the
caucus it was admitted that the cal] was fome-
what premature, as the bill had not heen re-

ported from the Comumnittea on Military Af- |

fairs, and few of the meinbers present bad had
any opportunity of learning the nature of the
measure which tne Hepublicans propose to
gubmit. np this account, a8 much as for any
other reason. the ceucus adjourned without
taking any action whatever

Representative Hay, who is the leading
Democratic member on the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and at whose suggestion the caucus
waa held, ofered 4 resolution that it was the
gense of the caucus that the army should be

aintained in statu quo for two yeare longer
fie supported his proposition by saying that it
was not his intention to agree with the Republi-
cans, but to obtain the best terms possible

Representative Kleburg of Texas pointed
ont
¢he army at its present force for two years
the Democrats were cuuntenancing an unjust
war and furthering the projects of the Ad-
ministration for the subjection of the Filipinos,
and it would be far inore Democratic to fight
ail propositions w increase the army, whether
of & temporary or @ permanent nature, than

to Mr. Hav’s reaolition

Mr. Davis of Florida moved to amend the
motion by making the extension for one year.

A proposition was made that the Demo-
crats oppose any bill the Republicans might
Seboua. but this did not meet with much favor,
as the members did not like to commit them-
selves in advance, It being evident that the
discussion would be extended and little desire
being shown for definite action a motion to

ourn was welcomed and carried
he House Committee on Military Affaire
will meet to-morrow morning and It te ex-

’ fee bill will be perfected and reported

the House on Wednesday. Many changes
will be made, cspecially in that part of Mr.
Root's bill which relates to the organization
of the staff.

BILLS INTRODUCED.
A Reappertionment Bill That Reduces the Rep-
resentation of Southern States.

Wasutnoton, Deo. 3 --Representative Crum-
packer of Indiana to-day Introduced the first
Reapportionment bill for the present session
It does not fix the baais of representation, but
grants to each State a certain number of mem-
bers of the House, 365 in all. It ts pro
to reduce the representation of certain States,
especially those in the South, which have re-
stricted suffrage. The changes proposed by
the bill are as followa

Gaine—Arkansas 1, California 1, Colorado 1,

nnecticut 1, Florida 1, Massachusetts 1,

innesota 2, Miseouri 1, New Jersey 3, New

ork 8, North Dakota 1, Pennsylvania 2, Texas

 

2, Niinols 2, Washington tand West Virginia 1
he States losing inembers are: Mississippi 3,
Nebraska 1, North Carolina 4, South Carolina
. Virginia l, Kanses i and Louisiana 2

Other bills introduced were
By Mr. Shafroth of Colorado— To establish
“vere and reciain arid Wpride
y r ull © vode Island--Equaliztn,
the pay of officers of the | ne, medical and oar

of the navy With oMoers of similar rank
army’ also providing for the retirement

o! men of the navy
y Mr Fitzgerald of Massachusettsa—iving

onthe’ pay to the Volunteers who have
in the Philippines on their discharge
‘om the service.

 

ATTORN FY-GENERAL'S REPORT.

@eview of Cases Before the Court of Claims
and the Supreme Coart.

WasnroTon, Deo, 8. -- Attorney -(Ceneral
Griggs in his annual report transmitted to
Oongress to-day reviews the several cases

% before the Court of Claims and the

mited States Supreme Court during the last |

giving the syllabus in each case, and gives |
to the numerous prize |

rising fro . Spanish
¢@ Spanish war.

calls a tion to the fact that on
Teoe
2.80 on account of the deficiency due the
nited States for the subsidy debt of the Kansas
io branoh. It is the expectation, the At-
says, that altima rely the Govern-
gent ww ve an additional dividend from
be paig ig the Vniveg States on are
eeou! e e es on ace
grunt of Poche lway subsidy claims since

Wi 1807, is $124,554,550.54
n r of United States nery has
decreased uring the last fiscal year m

t 19

os3.
SAY6 HB'S STILL A REPUBLICAN.

Benater Welltugton States His Attitade Toward
the Party.

Wasninorom, Dec. 8. Senator Wellington of
Maryland said to-day that he had not said, as

 

reported, that he would not go into caucua with |
the Republicans, but as he did not anticipate |

that the Republicans would caucts on anything
but matters connected with the Philippines, he
did not think he would have occasion to sit with
the Republicans in cauous this session

“T am still a Republican,” he said, “although
Tam opposed to the policy of the Administrauon
toward the Philippinas. (in other matters I
expect to act with the Republica: s.”

Senator Wellington is opposed to the Shipping

 

the |

The Democratlo meme |

 

! nalties in

| from Gen. MacArthur:
1D, Ninth

6
| Ham H
an additional dividend of $182,- | fnient

 

  

 
  

 

be impossible, aa the Kentuoky had orders to
roceed to Manda after her visit to Smyrna,
“urkeys

ANOTHER

DISPUTE WITH TURKEY.

An Armenian, a Nataralized American Citizen,
Imprisoned at Harpoot.
Wasninaton, Deco. 8—The Government
has another little controversy with the Sub-
lime Porte, which will not, however, it la be-

' Heved, increase the friction over the Armen- |

Jan outrages and the refusal of Turkey to @rant
recognition to Dr Norton, the United States
Consul to Harpoot. The new case is that of
Paul Yorghijian, an Armenian, who. was
naturalized in this country and who clalnis
Providence, R 1, as his residence Yorghi-
tian) bas complained that he was arrested at
Harpoot and thrown into prison, and that he
has been unable to ascertain the reason for
his ineareeration. LInstrnetions will be sent
to-morrow by the Secretary of State to Mr
Griscom, the United States Charge dA ffaircs
at Constantinople, to Investigate the case and

| take eich action as may be necessary to asalss

Vorghiitan A protest against the man’s ar-
rest will probably be made by Mr. Griscom, If
the facts ure as stated in Yorghijian's com-
plaint to this Government

 

Projects for Improving New York Harbor,

WaarntInoton, Dee. 8 The Committee of

Rivers and Harbors to-day disposed of the |

routine appropriations for work in the harbors
of New York State and will take up the rivers
to-morrow. The new projects have all been

rat by accepting even a continusnce of | laid aside until the remainder of the bill is oom-

leted. Large appropriations have been asked

bor the improvement of Buttermilk Channel
and the removal of Diamond heel, For the
Jatter project nearly $2,000,000 is necessary,
and members of the committee doubt the ad-
viaability of making such an appropriation at
this time, although it would be a conunuing
appropriation.

Movements of Naval Vessels.

WasnHrNaTon, Dec. 8--The surveying ship
Ranger has arrived at Lapaz, the torpedo boat
Dupont at Newport, the transport General
Aleva at Cavité, the collier Hannibal at Lam-
bert's Point,the training ship Topeka at Leg
horn, the gunboat Wilmington at Port Said,
and the gunboat Vicksburg at Naples. The
torpede boat Craven and the tug Levden have
sailed from Newport for Portsmouth, N, H,
the supply ship Celtic from Cavité for ‘Sodnev.
the oollier Scindla from Carité for Hong Kong,
the supply ship Zatiro from Hong Kong for
Cavité, the tug Potomac from Port Roya for
Nipe, and the torpedo boat Foote from New
York for Newport

The transport Manila has left Cavité with
a detachment of marines to occupy Sublg
aud Olongano, temporarily transferred to
naval control.

Pro-Boer Resolution Introduced.

WasHINGTON, Deo. 3 —Representative Fita-
gerald of Massachusetts has the honor of tn-
troducing the first Boer resolution of the session

It reads as follows:
“Whereas, The herolo struggle made by the

Boer republics8to maintain their existence has
excited the syrapathy of the whole world; there-
fore be it

“Resolved, By the Senate and Honse of Rep.
resentatives of the Upites States that the effort
of Paul Kruger to obtain the assistance of the
civilized nations of the world tn securing peace
and proper terms of settlement between Great

 

 

| Britain and the Boer republics is deserving

of the praise andsympatby of the American peo-
pie *

 

Casualties in the Philippines.

Wasntvatox, Dec. 8.—The following cas-
the Philippines was reported to
the War Department to-day {fn a cablegram

“Killed—Nov. 26, at Umbao, Luzon, Troop
Cavalry, Samuel Walker; Noy. 24,
at Malolos, Luzon, Company F, Thirtleth In-
fantry, J. H. Wenkler
“Wounded —Company L, Third Infantry, Otte
Kriger and Daniel O Harkins, in head, sa.
riously Nov. 12, at Cabatuan, Panay, Con-
pany H, Twenty-sixth Infantry, Otis Man-
chester, chest, slight.”

 

Deaths of Soldiers tn the Philippines.

Wasnrnotoy, Dec. 3.—The following death
report from Gen. MacArthur at Manila was
received at the War Department to-day:

Dyseatary —Nov, 27, Troop kh, Fourth Cavalry,
Wages A. Innis; Nov 16, Company F, Fighteenta

fantry, harvey Bimeon, Company A, Nineteenth

fantry. Frank J, Smith; Nor, 26, Company h,
hirtieth Infantry, Christopher C. Brorgel, Nov.

Company A, Nineteenth Infantry, Musician Wil-
borry; Nov. 80, Company B, Thirty -fourth
. Prank Glumm.

IMarrhra—Nov 26, Company B, Thirty-fourth
Infantry, Edward Hoover

tleart Dieease—Nov. 40, Twenty-second Infantry,
John Van Zandt, Company HM, Twenty -ntth Infantry,
Henry Gage

Typhold Fever —Nov, 76, Company F, Fourteenth
Infantry, Edward Merson, Company, M, ‘Twenty-
fourth Tnrantry, James S. Wilson, Nov, 27, Com-

ny A, Vhirtieth Infantry, Willard C. Gifford; Nov
0, Company 1, Thirty-ninth Infantry, Sergt. Albert
R. Krueger

Drowned —Nov. 24, Twenty-fourth Infantry, un-
aseigned recruit, Charles G. Gelzer, Nov, 24, Com-

2

pany G, Fourth Infantry, Jacob Wisler, Ort. 12, Com-

} pany D, Thirtieth Infantry, Andrew J. Nelson

Tuberculosis Nov. 26, Company A, Thirtleth
Infantry, Join M, Randies; Nov, 14, Troop BE, Third
Cavalry, William M. Renner

AL other causes -Nov. 18, Company A, ‘Twenty-

   

i ninth Infantry, Joseph C. Morgan. Sept. 19, Com-
ny FE, Twenty-ffth Infantry, Joho Bell; Nov. 2s,
Company M, Twenthefirst Infantry, John } lt-

 

‘Thirty-elghtb In
26, Company I, Fo
18, Lroop FP, Flee
hdwards, Nov

Isnac Reeves

van, Oct. 12, Company 4G,
Joseph L. Mowry; Nov
Infantry, Willlam S roan: (et
enth Volunteer Cavalry, Seret. S. J

26, Company H, Forty-eighth Infantry

 

 

 

 

Nov. 24, Troop i, ibird Cavalry, Farrier Hermes

1 J. A. Jordens; Nov. 26, Company bl birtyerig htt
Infantry, Ray W. Dinars i, Ce Vine
teenth Infantry, John J ur Ne ( \ ,
L, ‘Twelfth Infantry, Patric « jay ° »
H, Third Cavalry, Sarr! ere Oot Bi, ¢
L, ‘Twenty -fhith infantry, liam M. I 4
24, Thinty-nfth Infantry, Princtpal Musician Lewes
E. Ga

Army and Navy Orders

section of country, the establishment of person-
a! relations between our officers and the people
of the country with whom they are brought in
contact, so that we can tell who are trustworthy
sources of information and who are not; the
gradually growitg appreciation of the benefits
of our control and the aincerity of our pro-
feasions of good intention, which will naturally
follow the benefits of good civil government,

and the organization of native troops under
American officers,”

The Secretary discusses with satisfaction the
establishment of a form of civil @overnment
in many places where rebellion no longer exista,
refers at some length to the [mprovementa in
the harbor of Manila and #ars it is a source of
gratification that the revenues of the tslands
are increasinw, thoughas yet they are not large
enough to meet all expenses connected with
roads, harbors, the railroad, schools and other
insular improvements

“L reconimend,.” he says, “that provision be
made by Consress either for @ loan to the insu-
lur treasury, to be repnid out of the revenues of
the island hereafter, of a eufticent amount for
the building of the proposed railroad, or that
fnuthority be granted for the lsaue of bonds for
that purpose, constituting an obligation of the
Inevlar Government secured by 4 lien upon the
road *

Much embarrassment, he continues, has
been caused by the condition of the currener
of the isiands, Two. susmestions for relief
have been made and he relers to remarks of
the Secretary of the Treasury on the subject.

secretary Koot remews the work of the China
Relief Expedition and gives to the public for
the first time the text of the confidential in-
structions to Gen Chaffee which, in part, were
aa follows:

‘Reporta now {ndicate that American Min-
ister, with all the legations, Lave been de-
stroved in Pekin Chinese representative
here, however, insista to the contrary, and
there is, therefore, a hope which you will not
lose sight of until certainty is absolute It
is the desire of this Government to maintain
ita relations of friendship with the part of
Chinese people and Chinese officials not con-
cerned in outrages on Americans. Among
these we consider Ij Hung Chang, just ap-

olnted Viceroy of Chili You will to the ex-
ent of your power aid the Government of
China, or an ¥ part thereof, in repressing such
outrages and 'n rescuing Americans and in
protecting American citizens and interests,
and wherever Chinese Governnjent fails to
render such protection you will do all!n your
power to supply it |

“Confer freely with commanders of other
naval! forces, act concurrently with them, aod
aeek entire harmony of action along the lines
of similar purpose and Interest. There should
be full and free confidence ag to operations
before they are entered upon. You are at
Liberty to agree with them from time to time
as to a common oficlal direction of the various
forces in their combined operations, preserv-
ing, however, the integrity of your own Amer-
fean division, ready to be used as & separate
and complete organization.”

Secretary Root also gives Gen. Chaffee's
complete report of his expedition. Referring
to the attack of the Fourteenth Infartry at
Yangteun, Gen, Chaffee save

“The Fourteenth assaulted with vigor the
osition of the Chinese, supported on its left
wy the British troops, who were also some
what mixed with the Fourteenth in consequence
of the contracted ground. The Fourteenth
Infantry shoudd not have been placed in the
attack on the west side of the railroad, as there
was not sufficient ground even for the Brit-
{sh to operate J roperiy, but. I allowed it to ut-
tack on thet side because of the request of the
Fritish comand who wished ime to sup-
vort his right. In this attack the Fourteenth
Enfantry suffered consideral le loss —seven killed
wid fifty-seven. wounded I regret to state
that probably of twenty-five or thirty of thia
number some were killed, others wounded,
by fre of the British and Russian batteries
after the position of the Chinese was in pos-
eeasion of the Fourteenth Infantry and some
of the British troops.”

Gen. Chaffee tells of the queer actions of the
Russians in attacking Pekin, saying that after
arriving at Tung Chow the Russian commander
sent word to the other commanders that. he
eonid not move forward that day as he had to
rest his troops It was agreed to reconnoitre
ou that day, Aug 13, but, says Gen. Chaffee

“bor reasons unknown to me the Russians

left their carup at Tong-Chow about the time
that my troops were marching to close on mr
advance guard. Ther follower j theroad which
had been assigned to them, andabout @ o'clock
heavy firing was heard in the vicituty of Pekin,
It was the next day ascertained that they had
moved forward during the previous evening
and had attacked the Tong-Plen-Men Gate,” an
east gatecfthecity near wherethe Chinese wall
foina the Tartar wall At the time of the oc-
currence T supposed the firing to he the last
efforts of the Chinese troops to destroy the
legations, Aboutdavbreak of Aug. 14a Japan-
esa ataff officer came and inquired if I knew
anything of the whereabouts of the Russian
troops, to which T could only reply that I sup-
posed them at Tong-Chow on my right flank,
on the opposite side of the canal. To this he
re: lied that ‘ther were not on the opposite
side of the canal’
“The ith, being the day decided upon for
the concentration on the line seven miles from
Tong-Chow, 1] nade no preparations for carry-
anew on any operations Lerond a smull recon.
noissance by a troop of cavalry to my front
under Capt. Cabell, Net long after Cabell
marehed a column of French troops, nhout
two hundred, passed on_the road, following
him The commander of the French troops
informed me that Le wished to cross a bridge
some three miles in advance to join the Kus-
sian troope L informed him that there were
no troops in iront, except a cavalry troop
which ' had sent out to reconnoitre, and
thought the Russians were opposite me on my
right

My cavalry had been absent not more than
an hour when Mr Lowrey, the interpreter who
had aceompanied it, raced back and informed
methat Capt Cabell wes surrounded by Chinese
cavalry immediately ordered a battalion

er

  
 

  

 

 

 

fet the Fourteenth Infantry to fall in, and we

 

went forward ebout anile anda half and found
Cy Cabell oceupy!ing some houses, firing
from the reefs on a village inhis front. T in-
sietedbon the French troops ¢iving me the road
* } thew reluetantly did Having foine
Cabell T eontinued the reconnoissance to my
front, wishing fo get na neor the wallet the city
ne Leontd, but not expeciing tor ve mv whole
force, whieh wns ytrery te the agreement
iy long-Chow on eeveningof Aum 12 With
n we arrived nt the nort

   

ne

ity, having

 

   
  
  
 

   

This decrease of $28,220 in the present estimates
as compared with last year’s estimates, {s made

ider the head of Salaries of Employees in the

-veral Bureaus of the War Department, it
being the policy of the Department to reduce
the temporary force as rapidly as it oan bedone
without detriinent to the best interests of the
service

The estimates for the “Military Eatablish-
ment,” which provide for the support of the
army and for the support and maintenance
of the Military Academy, are $1,017,000 less
than the total amount appropriated for like
purposes for 1901, and $14,602 264 less than were
the estimates for the present fiscal vear, This
reduction is made principally in the appro-
priations for “Pay, &e., of the Army,” and forthe
various items under the head of “Quartermas-
ter's Department,” including land and water
transportation.

The estimates for “Public Works” (inchiding
river and harbor fortifications, arsenals,
military posts, &c.) are $183,244 more than the
estimates and $24,710,851 more than the ap-
propriations for the present fiscal year. Under
existing law it is mandatory upon the Secretary
ot War to submit annual estimates for river and
barbor improvement. Last year the Depart-
ment submitted an estimate for rivers and har-
bors, including continuing contract work, ag-
gregating $35,578,367. Of this amount, $15-
102,741 was tor the river and harbor work gen-
erally included in the biennial River and Har-
bor act, a8 distinguished from that class of work
annually provided for in tye sundry civil, ects
of Congress, for the completion of which the
Secretary of War is authorizied to make con-
tracta covering the entire work, and known as
“continuing contracts.”

Congress, however, did not pass @ regular
River and Harbor bill at {ta last session, and
the estimates for public works for the ensuing
year are therefore necessarily increased be-
yond the amount of this vear’s appropriation
This net increase of $24,710,851 is accounted for
bs the fact that an aggregate sum of $20,000,000
le included in the present estimates for the river
and harbor work, exclusive of continuing con-
tract work, for which no appropriation was
made for the current fiscal \ear, and by an in-
crease of $2,38),000 In the estimates for gun and
qortar batteries, an increase of $2,356,208 in
the estimate for armament of fortifications,

Under the general head of “Miscellaneous”
the estimates show an increase of $517,544 over
the estimates for the same objects for the

resent fisent year, The increase is chiefly due
‘© the additional amount required by the man-
agers of the National Home for Disabled Vol-
unteer Soldiers The “Miscellaneous” estimates
are, however, $153,921 less than the amount
appropriated under that head for the current
year.
. To recapitulate, the estimates submitted
for the ensuing fiscal year for all expenses in
and under the War Department, under the four
heads civil establishment, military estat-lish
pient, public work« and miscellaneous, show
an increase of $28,567,920 over the total appro-
sriations for 10m. The present estimates,

»wever, include $20,000,000 for river and harbor
work, for which, as stated above, no appropria-
tion was mace last vear. The total anpropria-
tions for 1001 were $145,205,054, and excluding,
for the purpose of comparison, the eatiinate
0f $20,000,000 now submitted for river and harbor
work, the estirnates of the ensuing fisce
ending June $0, 1902, aggregated $161,773,855,
as againat $148,205,0%4 appropriated for the
fiseal year ending June 80, 1001, for the same
obiecta—an increase of $3,547,020. The total
estimates now submitted for the ensuing fiscal
year, £171,778, 455, as compared with the amount
of the estimates submitted last year for the
fiseal year ending June 80, 1991, $185,908,551,
show a decrease in the estimates of $14,120,605

  

 

RAILROAD TAX DECISION.

Minnesota Lew of 1405 Declared to Be Uncon-
stitational and Void.

Wasrixatox, Dec. 8.—The United States
Supreme Court to-day declared the Minne-
aota law of 1895, intended to repeal earlier
atatutes of the State regulating the taxation
of railroad property, to be unconstitutional
and void in that it impaired contracts made
between the State and railroad companies.
By the provisions of the earlier lawa the State
provided for the payment by the railroad
companies of a gross earnings tax in lien of
taxation of ther property “in specie.” Under

 

  
     

the law cf 18%, which repealed the earlier
lawa and which the people at a general elec-
tion voted to adopt, 2555 to 20,889, State

officers endeavered to cc! t taxes upon cer.

tain tracts cf land in Aitkin county, granted
by Congress to the St) Paul and Duluth Rail.
read Company, the Northern Pacifie Katlroad
Company and the Great Northern Railroad
Company The provisions of the early laws
providing for a gross earnings tax, in lieu of
taxes on other property, had_been formally
accepted by the St. Paul and Duluth and the
Northern Pacific companies, but not by the
Great Northern,

The Supreme Court of Minnesota held that
the law of 18% was valid, and that the taxes
upon the lands in question should be collected.
The Supreme Court of the United States holds
that the law of !8% waa a violation of the con-
tracts made with the railroad companies tn
the earlier statutes, and that all tbe lands in
question, save those owned by the  (ireat
Northern Company, must be taken off of the
tax duplicate

 

 

No More Concise Aggregation

of Real Estate News is to ho found In any medium
than that printed In Tum SUN each dav. —-Adp.

   

THE DOCTOR LAUGHED
Bat the Woman Was Frightened.

A physician of Columbus, Ga., rathet poked
fun at a lady patient who insisted she had
heart disease

The trouble really was caused by Injuries
from the effects of coffee drinking, and the
nerves were 60 ajlected that it gave her every
indication of heart disease. This is true of
thousands of people who are badly hurt by
the caffeine of coffee, and, it is understood
that if continued long enough, real organic
heart disease will set in

The lady referred to above is Mrs C. V
Irvin, 10 B street, fast Highland, Columbus,
at ne § | Lad been running down

ee eee SS... QGiar___.
SSS
SS

sity of centralizing responsibility in this de-
and the Charter vision Com-
ently seen the advantages
y going still further and sub-
le commissioner for a board of
three. Nevertheless, they have, with apeeten
inconsistency, taken a long step backwar
and dislocated the department by separating
from its control about one-half of its hospitals.
Moreover, I believe the administration of an
unpaid board will prove comparatively in-
efficient and powerless to withstand the Iin-
fluences which, through the medical board,
will seek to make Bellevue a mere adjunct to
medical colleges

“As a whole, I think the work of the com-
miasion {s admirable and dewerves the fullest
public support. Above all, it ought to make
waible @ very substantial reduction in the
urden of taxation.”

President O'Brien of the Board of Education
the “four

partment,
mission has apy
of thia course
stituting a si

is opposed to the proposed re of
nulls provision” of the Davis School law. Mr.
O'Brien says that this provision will tend to
separate the department from politica and that
the Department of Iviucation ought to fix the
salaries of its emplovees. It is expected that
the board will oppose the changes before the
Legislature.

LETTER-WRITING CRANK ARRESTED.

But He Escapes From Constable and Takes to
the Woods —Theught to Be Orazy.

New Brenswica, N. J, Dec. 8.—Wilfred
Grover, college graduate, man of leisure and
the conceded champion epistolarian of New
Jersey has taken to the woods, and several
constables up Cranbury way are looking for
hin He is wanted on a charge of threaten-
ing the life of Constable Jacob Gordon. Mr
Gordon knows Grover as a neighbor and did
not wish to serve the warrant on him himeelf,
eo he turned it over to Constable Charles Farr
Farr served the warrant yesterday, and in
company with Grover was going down the
stairs of the latter's house when Grover made

@ dash’ and escaped

For several years Grover has been one of the
Cranbury Post Office's best customers. Grover
vicks his correspondenta from_all walks of life
ie has written to Grover Cleveland pad to
Chief of Police Devery of New York He
asked the latter if he could not rid New York
of its Irish policemen Judge Woodbridge
Suong of this city received @ threatening
letter from Grover Judge Strong had this
letter with him = thia morning e pre
ferred not to disclose ita contents, but ite ex-
terior was very sanguinary looking. The
pages were sewed together with black thread
and on the first page in red ink was a ekull
and cross bones. Judge Strong was not dis
turbed by the contents of the letter, but he
said he would like to have Grover Sous tnto
court so that it might be determined whether
he ought to go to an insane asylum orto prison,

Constable Gordon said this mornin, “Grover
has been giving mea lot of undesirable notorlety
for some months past His favorite game has
been to write to the Chief of Police of some big
ety, making a ridiculous charge against me.
Many of these letters have come back to me
froin Chicago, New Orleans and other places
I do not know why he has aingled me out. Fin-
ally | preferred a complaint against him before
Justice Lucas at Prospect Plains.”

Grover is a graduate of the University of
Pennsylvania e ie addicted to cigarettes,
and im believed to be mentally unbalanced
Grover comes from e@ well-to-do family and
does not have to work fora living. He is about
gv years old and unmarried.

 

 

WANTED FOR A SAFE ROBBERY.

Arrest Here for Two Daring Thefts Committed
in Boston.

Max Pearlman of 82 East Fighth street was ar-
rested veaterday by Central Office Detectives
Stransky and McDonough at the request of a
detective from Boston on suspicion of being
concerned ina theft of $8,800 from the house of
Thomas Beck, abroker, It is also thought thet
heisimplicated ina robbery at 85 Lowell street,
Boston, on Nov. 14, when $1,300 cash, twenty.
eliht ladies’ gold watches, eight men's gold
watehes ind fifty diamond earrings and rings,
together valued at $3,0, were stolen Mage.
trate Zeller remanded him to Police Headquar-
ters without bail

Boaton, Mase, Deo 8. -Max Pearlman is
suspected of helping roun Morris Aaren-
burg to steal $8,887 last Friday evening from
the home of Mre Margaret Keck in West Con-
cord street = Aarenburg told Inspector Wolf
who his “pal” in the robbery was, and the in-
apector recalled having seen the man in Fi-
nira Reformatory when he visited that place
Pearlman's picture will be sent to Boston so
hat Aarenburg may examine it and ray for
sure whether he fs the man who was his “pal”
in the robbery and, as the boy says, ran away
with the cash. Young Aarenburg has told
three atories about the robbery how-
ever, and the police do not put much faith in
any of them

Karenbure and his “pal” are also suspected
of being implicated in a safe robbery at &%
Lowell street a fortnight ago in which in day-
light a jeweller's safe two feet square wae
stolen bodily. . It contained $1,300 in cash and
jewelry valued at 81,79. No trace was ever
found of it Aarenburg \
door to the place.

 

ived almost next

 

CAR KILIS VALUABLE HORSE.

 

Mrs. Bleter'’s Chestnat Team Ran Down in Mad-
fson Avenue —One Saved by the Fender.

A team of chestnut mares drawing a victoria
and driven by William Haskins, the coachman
of Mrs. Josephine Bleier of 40 Fast Twenty-
aecond street, a sister of Charles and Touis
Fleischinann, the yeast manufacturers, were run
nto yesterday afternoon by a Madison avenue
car at Twenty-second street, and one of the

horses was injured so badly that it had to be
killed) The coachman had just left the stable
and was driving to Mra_ Bleier's home

When he reached the Fourth avenue croasin,
the man pulled up the team to let a aouth-boun
car go by. He started across when the car
went past, but a second ear bound south was
upon the horses before they had cleared the
horse was knocked

One down and

   
       
   
   
      
          

W.

Ee

$ J. Sloane

6
. trae on Wave and Meane in place Waantvatos, Pen a Alfhena! PRITIPPINGS? AW CHINA.
at Milvee, feaigned be na arEutine Di Is wapected t+ pac the House ad 7 | Infantry within aa qunrd at the gate where fa ;
| The wanal regolnt ws nd ted for ee oe aond mareia, there will | Hert Canetraction af Hoade in the Philippines and 4 ie, oe win derail the etepe that have And Gay Tt Will Need o SIM Fight to Get the
POET Tee ena teady fot btiwl made againat it, led by Chairman Wadeworth Organization of Native Troops Mecom- | been taken to place Cuba upon a firm basis of Hevision Throwgh the Legislatere (oler
jent that the Bow a“ t
} news, an eaare Favne of New York, (ros the mittee on Agtioult whieh te mended Civic and Cammerctal Prosper. ie oe commerctal prosperity Secretary Objecta to New Hospital Hoard Wiles
7 ‘ ‘ ov ~~ °
i venor of Oo and, ag! ere) oY eee es parted the bill, and Kapresentative (rosvenor ty In Cuba and Porta Rico Estimates for | IN new tne the fecal year ending | O'Brien Opposes “Foer Mille” Repeal. IN
wore Caner lock At 2 celock the COM> of Chin At one time Imat aeaaion it ay nenred 1902 614,120,608 Lese Than for 1001, | dune M10, Amountad to 017,880,484 10 8 Following the eue given by Banator Platt,
gairene repnriod on aioe + aoe eeige that @ majority of the Committes on Agricul. | W santine Dee #- In his annual report, months "| bo tevival of raakary contin we | who declared on Biunday that the reviaed (har-
¢ r ‘  onew
Se rere ding of ‘ 5 a heen tire Waa agairat the Grout t ' rei made pu treedew, the Seeretary of War the tobacco crop ia large and fine the area ter proposed by the commisaion appointed
‘ nd printed ooplee vere diatributed aroong the | from tt utaide converted fours nd ‘ trattena of the army in the pase ed tn sear cane ia continually ea ended, , by Gov. Roosevelt last apring “would not do,” a .
fog Inernters present aos sarnuted left the cla an in the tlhe ! China in erent detail With lant Bs ahocelin’ ths einen ot fant oo | as far as it concerned the Police Department,
f oe meeanwee wot r pre ‘ ' ; — j ‘
a Me tpedins vasa’, fein the Senate, ane present campaign eh tr ” | ‘ wm ' ia tranemitted the report ore jn ful operation, sabor is in demand at | politicians vesterday were generaily aareed Tailor-made from our celebrated DOESKIN
f ve hat natora (oe , vy the opponents of the bb t! ‘ ' fen Ofte domert the areater part ONG WAGSS | that it would take a stiff fiabt to get the pro-
nouncing the deaths f the late Senators Gear enced by t poner the t : i ribing « urd z ge :
; wy ta, and the + Ale : ” ‘ ‘ : hee Phitingine Curlously enough, now that Spanish rover ‘
onate’es aad Davie vt io a mark f reapect to ee : tree 3 5 . *' as ‘ = Sea ‘ bb dutta 1 » f : ¥? , a ay cat — olenty haa departed from the leinnd. 6 es en a oe ho a FLANNEL, in Tans, White, Sky Blue, Hunte
of the decessed Senators CFS SPPOeeG VO we ws ave "i . yee enreta ¥ one | of Spanish finmigration is setting in. More | For thia reason no one interes n . ’
Oran Tis oflaea chen the lorya Antahed for it Reuneanntative ‘ironeenor ae ote | reviaw of the Pulls tine campaten | then am, Aaniarda chi hardy,and Min, | ter cared to dacuas it to any extent yesterday, er’s Pink, Golf Red and Green, etc., in all
) sotion « yayvne the oven he tring | e ' etre ‘ tatenier } "al 7 » ‘ , om th orth b ‘ " * . ‘
the menaaae, Cn motion VME Teme aie owed hy the farr ing Interest 1| ¥.\h the statement that “all formal and open | Goma wethe ialand, duriqe the ear, and it i | except Comptrolir Calee and Prewident Q iru forty shades, and in
erred to the Committee of the Whole House because he was ogainst the but he called ; . American authority In the a - a at pepore the gnd of aeoomper of the Department of Education As a mat-
} 0 1@ laboring interesta to hie « on | Dines terminated, leav on y in wv ave reached W, ney f fact the Tammany officeholders have
on the State of the Union the la « t '« @ terminated, leaving ly an exceedinely uy y ter o many
aotitions ext reasing the profound sorra® hie contest He will make @ speech ogalnat | vexa ind annoying guerrilla warfare of a | §T® any pt ween additions to the In- | oy generally neglected to read the report ALL SIZES FROM 32 TO 44, ;
of apron ue the yee Hogecker of Delaware the measure } charact closely approaching  brigandage, only doubt a to the spability ¢ the future | of the commission, The Mayor, of course,
ep .* re , The bill under special order + we taker vhiet !! require time, patience and good rnment and uncertainty as to cone | h thing to say about It, for he never talka
;, and William 1) Daly { New Jersey were nareed The bill under special order he taken | will req » pa r } sas nothing say ut{t, for ev
te; alan alroilar res “lutions regarding the tCashe up on Phursday, but ag Friday will he devoted | Judgment to finally suppress Finance of capital and ‘the Tee Sel oe for publication. Corporation Counsel Wha- e e
Goan Refine Davie. atinnen ts ” hea further to the consideration of private bills and war | \a rapidly as we have occupied territory,” gvees fs traordinary resources t is ta be | len is reading the document and may have
. ‘ ' “20 o cloe . ' ' y to a Apr ve op | he save, “the polley of Inviting Inhabitants | ho that the wise action of the present Con- ethi pay about it
: mark of respect the House at 420 ¢ clock @d- claims and Saturday to a # il order for nit ¢ ‘ n- | gom ng to say aoon.
¥ journed until to-morrow eulogies. the Grout bill will have to go over | to return to thelr peaceful vocations, and ald- eae en aen B. ME eteerit Mr. Coler ts an advocate of centralization In style, fit and finish this waist is simply perfection, and,
Se es : until Monday, when {t is expected the voto | ins them tn the reéstablishment of thelr local | of Cuba upon a firm foundation © in city government, and he thinks that the at the price, can not be equalled.
, SENATR'S ORDER OF Bt SINESS. | will ba taken at 60% lovk governments, has been followed, and the pro- we ern tae ore Rice shows thes Charter Commission has provided for this
—_--—-—- es tion of the Un State d is@ y prospering under Ameri- ;
| Ghip Subsidy Hill to Be Taken Up To-dayi to | . a t ' \ nited — hae mee — can rule, and a letter from Governor Genera] | 12 the executive functions, while providing
4 4 ° Bil THF WARSHIP FOR MOROCCO. ‘ The giving of this protection has | Davis covering the situation fully {s quoted | for practical autonomy in the matter of local
/ ' Lio Displaced Only by Army ' to the distribution of troops in the Philippine oo ours. in by fhe OOreary ce improvements. The Comptroller approves of A HOLI DAY SUGG ESTION
, NATO -Th ) tt ¢) tate D t Want We Fr tdabl le andes over ferant po i. ub. of seacoas' lefences e Secretary e
4 TN Ge an Orde OE Mp Than the iste, Lanquent labor of adnuiniet ieee ed eupnis. | Sara, provision has been made for emplacing | Por tne horough Prealdenta. He a also tn favor
jepublican Benate ses 7 : , ' wor of administration » \eAVY guns, rapid-fire guns and 87 0 ‘ 0
3 business in the Senate this afternoon decided Wasimaiox, Deo The State Denpart- “The maintenance of these posta Involves pote eke) put that the ene umber of of a asingle-headed police commission. Of the Can you conceive of a more appropriate and
; ' oa as lawns » Sule . 2 ae ‘ at ‘ the continued cmoloyme artillery troops to care for seacoast guns Is s
j Saet he enone’ ie a Cae 7 ate 4 ae not entisfled with the assignment of | , mnete mp pipe nt of @ large foree, | still a reasonable cause of complaint é proposed separation of the public hospitals practical Christmas Gift than a FORSYTHE
| bill should be taken ut morrow A ar kK. | the training ship Dixie to back up the demand | DUt 4s the Tugalogs, who are in rebellion, have The Secretary roakes known in his report | in Manhattan and The Bronx from the Chari- :
diaplacing the Spooner resolution for the Gove t oe Consul-General Gaimmere for the payment | deliberately adopted the policy of murdering ) Be Rarer Seggamiaaton Sith the ties Department he said in a statement yes- WAIST? Every woman can appreciate and
ernment of the Philippines as the unfinished | or g5.ou9 te tha Gove boaf Moroceo on | all of their countrymen who are friendly to the na of the House Comtittee on Military | terday: ¢
Business. Under a epecial order adopted | gecount of the murder of Marcus Ezeguin, an | United States, the maintenance of garrisons | Rfairs. The army now conaista of 2,$36 offi. “Among so many excellent features it would admire its utili ~y and beauty.
fr) tha closing dave of the last session the 1ouse | qesorioan citizen, ut Fez, The State Depart- | |S at present necessary to the protection of the core, nd ae Cy ae yd, ager
uarenee Canal bill wae set for cons pore i hient wants a larger at {or re formi latle | ae oe a a enlisted men of the VeNinteer eervicn making J( yi IN Fi IRS y I I LI :
nest Monday the eon (tea, rever, w > Assjet r. Cou ere and will make rite oO ithoritv, @ ; @ total of 108,150.
thought it inexnedient to pass the ¢ al bill ieee eee os this Nav Lire ndere charge our obligations in that regard their Qnet Seerstaty of War's estimates for the 9
saat « ‘Teente stands ry Tang sald this evening Uiet the order edn nanan ats scal year ending June 90, 1992, aggre-
while the Cinston-Huiwer ‘inate startet fr'une titia tv prvined to Tanwter to be bluced | Feduetion must necessarily be gradual seal a Snoa sek or’ yas" genctal Lend THE WAIST HOUSE,
un ee ANG Ws) Fev : at the disposal of Mr ummere had been sent The most eflcient measures for the redumw | of “Civil Establishment” the estimates ,
Fa aha eke " 4 aes dy! ! ‘ 7 Se ath eaaoring overt i tee | tlon of the number of posts and consequently | show a net inereage of $24,220 from the total Mail Orders carefully 865 Broadway,
eas in tant .@ dixie, he said, was su'Rotenty Formidanke Tor | ae ee number of tro - 7 amount estimated for the same objects for the )
The treaty is to be takea ap in expcurlve | Mr Cummere’s purpose. When Mr Long was | he number of troops necessary inthe Philips | Dracent fiscal year. The amount appropriated | intimate that a division of responsibility and and promptly filled. Between
Segsion in the ier’ wien dan effort | (ld that the State Departinent would like to | pines will be the construction of roads, making Neer scat peas 1601 lo bat iio ieee thea the Ont authority will, in my judgment, work very
will he taade Mee ve na rapidly aa | nave the battleshis Kentucky placed at Mr. | possible rapid communication, so that each post | mates for that year, and $24,000 less than the badly Write for Samples. 37th and 18th Sts
will be toads ) Gummere’s disposal, he said that this would ) nay effectually protect the people of a larger estimates for the fiscal year 1902, For years experience has shown the neces-

  

 

 

CLASSICAL FURNITURE.

French and Italian Walnut and Genuine “Gold Leaf’ Furniture,

 

sculptured after the choicest old models,

 

and absolutely correct in styles of the

various epochs, including graceful forms in Marquises, Divans, Louis XIV., XV.,

and XVI.

Tables, Chairs, Sofas, Armoires,

Cabinets, Consoles and Commodes.

Our rare collection of French Furniture, now attracting so much attention,
is well supplemented by a large importation of Italian Furniture, famous for its

tine carvings and correct models.

A Collection of Great Interest and Importance.

Broadway § 19th Street:

 

MORRISES SUE J. W. BARNES.

Latter’s Divorced Wife Is a Morris, and Salt Is
Over Bonds of Hers.

Alfred Hennen Morris and Dave Hennen
Morris, sons of the late John A. Morris, owner
of Morris Park, had an action on trial before
Justice Russell of the Supreme Court yester-
day to recover as trustees for their slater, Fran-
ces Isabella Barnes, atock held in the name of
her former husband, Thurlow Weed Barnes
The stock is 2,500 shares of the Van Nest Land
and Improvement Company, of a par value
of $100 a share. Mr. and Mrs. Barnes were
married on Oct. 13, 1887, and Mrs. Barnes ob-
tained a divorce in March, 1807. They had
not lived together since about 194. She ob-

tained the custody of their two children by
the decree.

The trustees of the stock were the plainiiffa,
their father Jolin A. Morris, since deceased,
and Barnes.and the trust ran from 1891. Barnes
resigned ag trustee on Feb. 21, 1808, but he
stays that he was induced to do so on false
promises. The certificate for the stock has
remained in his name and he haa declined to
surrender it to the other surviving trustees
because Mrs. Barnes bas failed to keep alleged
conditions with him. About the time of his

 

resignation as trustee he says he and his wife |
made an agreement for the division of property |

between therm. He states that Mrs. Karnes
was to convey to him certain lands in Dakota
and their house at Nantucket with ita contents,
al! of which had been purchased with his money
although the properties stood in his wife's
name. She waa also to turn over some mining
stocks which he had bought, but which were
also in her name. These conditions he de-
clares were not complied with, and the stock
in guilt should be left with him to secure their
fulfilment. Mr. Barnes anid he has not seen
his former wife since the date of his resignation,
The court reserved decision.

 

END OF A BOWERY GIRL.

 

Tired of Life and Found Death by Potson Weil-
come —20 Years O14.

Joste Frans of the Bowery committed eni-
cide vesterday inthe hallway at iss Park row
by swallowing carbolle acid. She went there
witha young man whosaidhe lvedat that ad-
dress and offered him a flask
to drink, the stuff burned his lips and he spat
it out

“You try it,” said he. The girl deliberately
drank off half of the contents of the flask. It
waa full of crude carbolic acid. She died soon
aiterward. The Bowery “regulars” aay that
she came from Albany some time ago to run
away with a sailor, Bhe was about 20 years
old, and pretty

When the girl's clothing was searched this
letter wae found in her pocket:

JACK: I mtiredof living. I hope you'll hare
better time than S58 given me, Josip. -

 

British Thanks for Prompt Malis

Postmaster Van Cott yesterday reorived a
letter from Commodore Gifford of the British
Navy expressing the thanks of the officers
and men of the shipe Charyhdis, Albert, Bua-
zard_ and Columbine, composing his fleet in
Newfoundland waters for the efficiency and
punctuality with which the mails were trans-
mitted to them last summer

 

When he tried | jJ1 was the most

| arrest, but myself
| for trial

319
Broadway

fe at the corner of Broadway
and Thomas streets and is ths
New York freight and pas-
senger office of the

Chicago
Great
Western

Chicago to St. Pau! and Minneapolis;
to Des Moines, St. Joseph and Kansas
City. For full information apply to
#7 railroad agent, call on or address
z= M. JeNKINS, City Passenger
Agent, 319 Broadway, New York, or

P. H. LORD, General Passenger Agent,
Chicago Great Western Rallway, Chicage,

 

MAGISTRATE GETS BRUTAL DRIVER.

| Causes His Arrest for Fiogging His Team and

Holds Him for Trial.

While Magistrate Zeller, who is presiding
in the Centre street police court, was passing
through Centre atreet at recess yesterday he
saw a truckman thrashing a team of horses
which were pulling a truck loaded with heavy
machinery. The Magistrate called to Pollee-
man Kook of the court squad and instructed
him to arrest the man. tle was Frank Celer
of 926 hast Seventieth street. He attempted

| to tell the Magistrate that he was not in any

way abusing lis team when be was arralened

| in the poliee court

That will do,” broke in the Magistrate
7 brutal thing Tever saw. It
is not the policeman who was the cause of vor
You are lield in $500 bai!
for cruelty to animals. Your em-
ployer ought to discharge you.”

BROWN HELMETS FOR WHITEWINGS.

They Are Union Made and Wil! Cost the Street
Sweepers 61.40 Apiece.

The Street Cleaning Department will fasue
a new style of helmet to its employees next
week which will take away from them the dis-
tinetion of being clothed in white from head
ty foot. The new. helmet is of brown atuff,
shaped much like the present white headgear
The street sweepers will pay $1 0) each for the
new helmets. Commissioner Nagle sald yes-
terday that the white helineta were of non-
union make and that this had created some
trouble in the department The brown hel-
meta are union made. The men_ first began

to wear white helmets when Col, Wari re-
seribed uniforms for them ng PD

 

CROTON NOW DANGEROUS.
Why risk your health by drinking

Croton in its present condition?

Order Hygeia Distilled Water, al-

 

cei ei EE EEEEEE
a

eee A
ee

 

 

 
 
 
 

 

   
 

|
best range, indeed, If there were not some which
to individual minds appear to be most unwise.
Chief among the latter I should mention the
sroposed separation from the Department of
~ublic Charities of some of the public hosp!-
tals. If some, why not all? The relation of
these hospitals to those which are not affected
and to the other institutions in charge of the
Department of Public Charities is #0 close and

tlo | WASHINGTON, Dec. 3 —These naval orders has Wy 1, away ye Chinese troops or Boevers [in beatae for a nunt r of years and suspected | tracks
bill and to the Army Reorganization bill } paneaae e : t {li from Villages to eur left and front that coffee was hurtiag me but could not get his mate only’ wecaped, ielury R Jumping on
eG } o anw the Iwartage of Ni consent to qu le . yr
SIBLEY'S ANOMALOUS POSITION Eisen JA pannoe ‘tr, wo wetea aud div! ) sa fc the ground than I { A Ghiained and go tha! | wen ver . Short At Wecathe nd aeala me roken. “tk wan taken to the 8. way ways absolutely pure for our H
NOMALOU! § Ny. duty yt Pr Hadetnhta. o  Meaease dition, | diteeted all my force to move forward, as 1 | do littve or nothing that required exertion. hospital near by and shot. y y ome
ARABS aor aa ‘. : wr m : a - Chal | a then become aware ef Kussian troops be- | I had tearful nervous headachve nearly every A son of Mrs. Bieler who waa summoned as
Elected to the Present House as a Democrat | © Noval Peer Ww. K. Woortinan. @ the Kearsaree ing in ® on mv fight. and eonld also hear | dav, and was exceedingly nervous with in- | 600n as the accident occurred refused to have and Offi
and Re-elected as a Republican. | i sleteanaaals er the Japane artillery farther to zie righ! digest! " ge nati; mere. ie doctor 4 motorman errested. but yore | 1 Pee and 1ce.
i. ‘ ” . ' 4 M two eer ne he Fourteenth | lacghed at inv idea of heart trouble, but knew 6 names 0 eases e a a
WasnrvaTon, Dec. 8—Hepresentative Sibley | No Servant Girls’ Trade Union Mecting ‘ : f a bg A aa shat 1 waa in & setioua condition genetauy was valued at $2,000 team
of Pennsyivania said to-day that he would net | Cho Advisory Board « the Priend 4rd | Drvwaeti, | wd ithe wallof the ¢ vinene Fu 2 | we ey ed to aur canes ane take a
‘ wel lhe no em orner ime « wo wat wy omtaan nn Din is ‘ i
es the caucus of either ee this se tab | Setvement, 26 & 2s Bast Thar lr re ne wi r’ e first Nor in us rs aS arted rontis ago and the car 4: han been wonesr: | Goddard's Agent Raids Another Policy Shop. l A 0 | STi L L E 0
i r. Sibley oceuples the sromalous porlMen | street, sends word to lik SUN that there is |] Pa ah the walls surrounding Pekin,” f J feel vike another person. Mv heart . - - °
Fe of having been «lected to the present House ae) te be no public nm veting ul the Friend After entering the city Gen. Chaffee come | does not troulie me at all, and the stomach An agent of Capt F. Norton Goddard, with oo
’ ainonreh Aud toh ¢ House as a Republi- 1 Hou to form @ labor u nH anong a ' rounieated with Minister Conger and upon | and) nerves are tecidediy improved My 1 @ lawyer and a policeman, raided @ policy shop 349 & 3359 WEST 1¢ q <7uY
a ae nd to the nex ou me : | Ser t information from the latter the Imperial city | head ! ne the old trouble it did, ( 207, West Twenty-ninth street yesterday eve . 1 ll fm, 1 e
can He does not wish to attend the Demo- | . Line ytiead worker a! the ettiomen 3 was assaulted and carried by ae _ ves of medi 7 fous oy Eee” Thes nee to break sows the Spor to get in. TELE 2582
cratic caucus, as he i cer a Demo- | Marv Kingsbury Simkhoviteh, said on | ‘ t. Reilly, but at that time it was decided | gatives of medicine of any kin A lot of policy writin araphern.
> sr ae om sa » he & = long Sen | dav inst that a, Mra Reale was to be allowed | sacte to of cupy the city and the troops were { can hardly express my gratification for | seized John. Day, the aie “4 RY LEPHONE 3583} SPRING
} tis . 16 been Nected as & * | to hold a meeting or discussion, not sper witharawn. Gen, Chaffee adds the relief from suffering brought on by the | was held or istrate Deuel for exami tion’
F Jey, @ does not fee) justiied in caucussing with the | gtated to be public, at the settiementon Wednes “The idea of notoccupying the Imperial city se of regular coffee, and I cannot tha Fa. d chents ong red
, sublicans, day next was not concurred in by the Ministers in @ enougb.”—Ade. the neighbor! the agent sald si
} 28 OG.
’ e
‘

he