SMALLPOX IN FINE HOUSE,

ee

ONE CASE IN A WEST SEVEN TY SECOND
STRERT DWELLING.

Two Cases Toond in Martem, Two More in
Hronkion Heatth OMclote Cree Pvere-
Lody Who Has Sot Neen Vaccinated With:
in Pive Veors to Ne Vaccinated Forthwith,

 

Acnaeofamalipos haanopes edintheprivate
dwelling at 222 West Sr ty-cecond street,
n the handsome bloel between Ar aterdam
and Weat Pod avenve ind second crop"
eases have appeared in two different parta
f ilarier swellogintit lyn ond tLloboke
ri ent Miers expected t) pe nd crop
ind report that ore ie no danger of a serions
epldeny ut t 1 ' trae everbod to |
got vaccinated

The case 22 West Seventy--econd atreet
was in the family of Edmund Nash, a wealthy
man who came bere only recently from his

summer home lo the northern part of the State
His son, a grown young man, is the patient.
The case was reported Sunday night by the
physician of the family flealth Inspectors
went tothe house and assisted the family doctor
in vaecinatung the family and the servants,
among them a dapanese butler ‘ibe house is
opposite the Hotel St. Andrew and a few doors
from the Colonial Club. Mr. Nasti's is the first
private residence in which smallpox hes been
found A smallpox patient need nol neces
sarily be transferred from a private residence
to North Brother Island, although for obvious
reasone this is advisable, After a consultation
between Mr. Nash, his own doctor and the
Health authorities it was decided to remove
the patient and at 1:30 o'clock yesterday morte
ing he was taken to the reception pavilion at
the foot of West Sixteenth street end from
there later to North Brother. ‘This reception
pavilion, by the way, is not connected with
Willard Parker Hospital proper and the hospital
patients are not exposed to amallpox

Dr Blouvelt, Chief Inspector of the Bureau
of Contogious Diseases, said that young Nash
had been employed downtown and had not been
in the infected district in West Sixty-ninth
street, or come in contact with any one who
wae ill enough to attract his attention The
case showed, as did the other cases discovered
yesterday, that some one was carrying the
disease around. “It all came,” said Dr Blau
velt, “from the young man’s not having been
vaccinated. Like a majority of persons he
had not been vaccinated since he was a child,
and while such vaccination does some good, tt
doesn’t render one immune by any means"

Dr. Dillingham, Asefstant Sanitary Super-
intendent, said ‘Such a case as this Is not
like one discovered in a tenement, as we have
not as much authority in the premises. All
of the members of the family have been vac-
cinated and will be under the constant watch
of their own physician. I do not believe the
disease will spread in that block, and I am sure
it wont if people take proper precautions.”

The other cases discovered in this borough

yesterday were

Annie Mooney,
ninth street .

Limer Woodson, 24 years old, 222 West Sixty-
fourth street

Margaret Brennan, 48 years cid, West
Sixty-ninth street

lonn Gammell, 27 years old, 1841
nue
Theodore Fo Smith, 38 years old, an actor
living at the Hotel Minot at 126th street and
Fighth avenue

Actor Smith's was the first_ease discovered
in Harlem He hved at the Hotel Minet and
was taken frown there to North Brother [sland
Where he got the disease he does not know
Gammell has been jooking for work for two
months and has been travelling all over the
city ’

Fourteen doctors were busy vaccinating
people in the Sixty-nint): stieet diarict yester-
day and by nigist had covered every tenement
house between Columbus and Riverside aves
nues from Sixtr-seventh street to Seventieth
Dr. Blauvell seid last evening

“These cases are the first of the ‘second
crop’ and have shown ta that we can expect
now a good many more before we are through
Every one who lias not been vaccinated within
five vears should have it done atonce [tis
a sure protection against the disease. The
best way we can tight it now is to iinpress the
importance of thi. on every one and in that
way get ridof the danger of an epidemic We
have all the facilitics to keep the disease down,
but now that it has been scattered over the
town every one will have to lend a hand to stop
{ts further progress by getting vaccinated and
seeing that his relatives and friends do.”

5 years old, of 305 West Sixty-

a02

lhird ave

 

 

The hospital at North Brother Island isa
new one with every modern convemence,
“the best nurses in the world.” Dr Blauvelt

says, and five doctors who devote then selves
to amallpox cases

One theory of the ortain of the disease here
attributes it to two negro va idevillists who
are now on North Brovher Island and who, it
was thoveht, brought the disease from Pitt
burg A letter from Schenectady savs that a
stance handina theatre there where some negro
vaudevillists recently appeared has come down
with smallpox
TWO MORE CASES IN KINGS COUNTY NURSERY

Two of the inmates of the County Nursery
in Flatbush were removed to North Brother
on Saturday night suffering from smallpox
‘they were Katie and kdna Bennett) The chil-
cren were admitted to the nursery six weeks

  
 

aco. Sallie Taylor, a colored servant at the
nursery, came down with sinallpox on Nov, |
220 The nursery was fumigated and the in-

 

mates were vaecing Dr. Fredericks Jewett
of the contagious diseases bureau is making a
thorough inspection of the nursers
HOBOKEN TENEMENT QUARANTINE

The double tenement house at 240 Eleventh
street, Hoboken, from whieh fivesvear d
Sadie Sernple was taken on Sunday pight « °
ing from smal! pox, is quarantined, and the forty

   

 
 

    

     

tenants are contined there, No one will he
allowed to tnove out or im ontil the quarantine
is raised) Many of the children in the house
attended Put School No. 6 one block away,
The teachers ive heen instrneted, on the
firet sien of sickness of anv child, to eend the

child home and notify the Board of Health.

MARTIAL LAW FOR CAPE DUTCH.

British at Cape Town Think
Shoald fe lesued,
ible Despatches to THE SUN

Proclamation

Special «

From TE SUN'S © or eepondent tn South Africa

Care Tows, Dee. 2.--Ge lord) Roberta
will crrive here from Dorban on the trans.
pert Cannda nest urday or Sundays

   

The feeling among the British here is that a
proclamation should be tsued declaring imar-
tial law in the disulfected districts of Cape Cel.
ont. This sentiment is growing steadily,
especially in view of the Dutch convention at
Worcester on Dec. 6

At the request of the Colonial Government
the Magistrate of Port Flizabeth inspected
the camp cf the Boer exiles. His report, which
has just been made public, is to the effect that
the site is the most favorable one availabie
The water supply is ample and there is an un-
limited quantity of food, The NRoer women
resent the idea of being deported, but
satisfied with their treatment

Cape Town, Dec, 3.—The Times severely
criticises the language used by ex-Ministers
Sauer and Merriman in their speeches at

+ Stellenbosch vesterday. Both of these men
are prominent membery of the Afrikander Bond
and their words carry considerable weight

In the speeches referred to they said, in
effect, that it was hard for the Dutch to remain
loyal to the Crown, although at the same time
they urged their hearers to do #0, The Timea
ie particulariy severe on Mr. Sauer, who was
formerly the Commissioner of Public Works.
It expresses the opinion that the timne has ar-
rived when serious notice should be taken of
his inflammatory language.

PIETERMARITZEI RG, Natal, Dee. 3.- Lord
Roberts will arrive here on Wednesday on
his way home. Peonle who have seen him say
he appears to be in perfect health. His arm is
etll in a sling, however, as a result of his fall
from his horse in Johannesburg. At present
he ts visiting the battlefield at Colenso on the
Tugela, where Gen. Buller had such hard fight-
ing.

Dornan, Natal, Dec 3 ~A small Boer com-
mando appeared a few days ago near Lady-
smith and looted a store. They attempted
to enter a farmhouse, whose only adult occu.
pant was a woman She pluickily seized a
revolver and attempted to prevent their en-
trance, but she was speediiy disarmed and
knocked senseless, after which the Hoers kieled
her and robbed the hon
et Recruiting for the irregulars |

are

brisk here

 

Transvaal Committee at Rome,

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.
Romp, Dec. 3.—Cormandant Ricchiardi is
establishing a Transvaal Committee. Depu-

 

ties Ferri, Costa, Pantano, Prampaolini, Bar-
nalai and Te Folios have already joined some
former Garibaldiana have refused to naanciate
themecives with the committee on the ground
that it ia oppoeed to Togland, eho wae ther

friend

 ) poucRTEON BRITISN KitteDp

Lheet.-Col. Lievd Among Them fen Other
Officers Woanded tn Gen, Paget's Kogagement,
Special Cable Despatch to THe SUN

Lowpon, Dec &--Lord Kitehener calles the
War Offce a «npplerentary report to that of
last Saturday in fe@ard to the fe it of Gen
Paget with the commandos of Villoen and

' Erasmus In Saturday's report Lord Kitchener
anid that Lieut -Col. Llovd had been danger

jously wounded He says now that Lieut.
Col, Lloyd was killed and ten other officers
were wounded Thirteen men were killed

and fifty-nine wounded, Gen. Paget's mounted

men are pursuing the Boers

OSCAR WILDE BURIED.

Coffin Covered With Wreaths Sent by English
and French Friends.

Specsat Cadle Jiespatch to THe SUN

Panta, Dec. 3.—The funeral of Oscar Wilde
took place this afternoon from the Chureh of
St Germain Des Prés. ‘The body was interred
in the cemetery at Bagnens

fhe services at the church were of the simpe
lest character. The coffin was covered with
beautiful wreaths sent by English and French
friends) A number of Wilde's frienda, inclid-
ing Lord Alfred Douglas, who nursed hin
during hia last illuesa, were present. Frank
Harris, who is the reputed author of “Mr. and
Mrs. Daventry,” the play in which Mm. Pate
rick Campbell is starring, and which it is said,
was really written by Wilde, sent a wreath of
violets

 

CHICAGO MAN'S ARREST IN TONDON,

Samocl Deasavuer Wanted tn Connection With
Sele of Forged Konds,
Speci Cable Despa'ch to THR Sus
Lonpon, Dee 2 -—Simon, or Samuel Des-
sauer, of Chicago, was arrested to-day in Con-
nection with the Chicago bond forgeries He
had just been released from Wormwood Sernutbs

 

prison

| Despatches from London on Nov 19 stated
| that the officials of the American Frnbassy
had applied the extradition of Samuel
| George Dessauer who was wanted by the (hif-
| camo police for forgery It was stated that
| was af the time serving a term in
| prison for swindling Loudon hotela Despatches

rom Chicago of the sime date stated that

Dessauer gained notoriety by being implicated
in the disposal of many thovaande of dollara
worth of forged bonds of the Northwestern
Gas Light and Coke Company of that citer
The amount of the forgeries was said to be in
excess of $50,000

TO AUSTRALIA WITHOUT WIRES.

for

Dessauer

Marcont Planning to Send Messages There
From English Ports.
Srecsal Cable Despatch to THE Sts

Lospos, Dee 8. Tt is reported that Sisnor

1
stations alone the route from Great Britain
to Australia to enable voyngers to send and
recelye messages daily throughout the trip.
It is stated that negotiations are proceeding
for the necessary rights at Prawle Point, the
lizard, Ushant, Cape Finisterre, Gibraltar,
Malta, Algiers, Sardinia, Sicily, Greece, Alex-
andria, Aden, the Coco Islands and Australian
points. ‘The promoters predict that they will
be able to transmit telegrams at the rate of
two pence a word,

PRINCE ORDERED A CROWN.

Ferdinand of Baigarta Found He Didn't Need
It, and Is Now Saed by the Designer.
Speetal Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

VIENNA, Dec. 32.—A newspaper here states
that a prominent artist of Munich is suing
Prince Ferdinand of Bulwaria to obtain his
commission for designing a crown. It is al-
‘eged that the design was ordered two years
ago and that it was lately submitted to Princes
Ferdinand, who said he did not want it as the
political situation had changed. Hence the
suit

Prince Ferdinand had hoped to become King

of Bulguria, now only a principality, but Russia
vetoed the plan.

 

 

SHELDON IMITATOR IN LONDON.

The Rev. Joseph Parker to Run an Evening
Paper for a Week.
Special Cable Despatch to TUR SUN
Lonxpos, Dee. 3..-The editor of the Sua, an
afternoon half-penny paper, will hand over the

editorship of that journal from Dee. 17 to Dec. 23
to the Hev. Joseph Parker, pastor of the
City Temple, who will emulate the Rev. Mr

Sheldon, who for a tine conducted the Topeka

Ca;ital. Mr. Parker will have the entire direc.

tion and coutrol of the paper. It is announced

that he will show British journalists and the

British public how, tn his opinion a news.

| paper should be conducted in order to effect
the greatest good.

FFAR OUR SHIP SUBSIDY BILL.

Liverpool Shippers Think [1 Will, tf Adopted, | It reerets that

Cause a Great Redaction in Rates,
Special Cable Despatch to Tne SUN
Tivernroon, Dee 3 --Shippers here are ogi-
tated over the American Ship Subsidy bil.
They foresee in the event of the bill's adoption
a great reduction in transport rates, whic
will make it diMenlt for the Liverpool come.
ponies to pay reasonab‘e dividends. The
rumors that FKnglis) firing have sent repre-
sentatives to the United States lo try to oppose
the bill are denied

 

Cable From Vancouver to Anstratia.

Srecral Coble Despatch to TYE SUN,

Metpotrnr, Dee, 3.-A committee acting
on behalfof the British and Austratian governe
ments has accepted the tender of the Telegraph
construction and Maintenance Company to
lav a cable from Vancouver, LB. C., to Queens.
land and New Zealand, vla Fanning Island,
the Fiii Islands and Nortolk Island It is
estimated that the cable will eost 21,705,000,
The line will be completed by the end of 1902,

 

46,200,000 Doty on Tsron Hirsch Legacy,

Speciel Cable Despatch 'o THE Su.
Tonpos, Dee. &8-dndaement an appeal
was given to-day in favor of the Crown for

on

£1,780,000 duty on £7,000,000 which Baron Hirsch |

left for the benet't of the Russian Jews. It was
ordered that this sum shonld be paid into the
court pending a further possible appeal.

Dakedonm ant 500.000 for Roberts.
Special Cable Despatch to Tuk Stun,
MANCHPSTED Ie %--The London core
respondent of the telegraphs that
he has been informed in trustworthy quarters
that the Queen will confer a dukedom on
Lord Roberts and that Parliament will be asked
to vote him £190,000

Courur

Crar Continaes to Gain.
Special Cahle Despatch to Tur Sus,
Lavapia, Deo. 3-—-The Czar slept very welt
this morning and his condition is most satis-
factory. His appetite is returning and
strength is increasing. His temperature is
97 and his pulse 72,

 

 

| £0,000 Invitations to Helv Year Services at
| St. Peter's,
j Special Cable Despatch to Tue SuN.

Rowe, Dee #.- Fighty thousand invitations
have been issued for the closing ceremonies
st Peter's, at midnight

 

|
| of the Holy Yeu

} on Dec. a1

Pollttcal Honors for Shamrock's Captain,

smctal Cable lernaick (6 THn Sus,
Lexpen Dee Copt Syveamore of the
ac Shia « has beer OCT Og ,
! yacht Shame wk ey elected Deputy

| Mayor of Brightl nesen

Stops the Cough and
Works Off the Cold,
Tagative Bromo Quinine Tabiets cure n cold in one
Gay Nocure,no pay Price25 cent.—ade

 

h sessed by

his}

 

WANT DELEGATES IN PAVOR OF A CON:
STITT TION LIKE OURS.

| Caatherta Gomer Wante the French Sretem
| Adopted Manicipal Autenomy One of the
| Serions Questions Confronting Cuba Gov.
to Huy Cattle for Poor Cabanas,
Special Cable Despatch to Tie SUN

Havana, Dee 4 Some of the delegates to

j the Constitutional Convention have had rev-
| eral informal meetings to disevas the bases
of the proposed constitution whieh will be
presented at the next meeting of the conven-

ernment

tion. Most of those at the conferences be-
longed to the various so-called Republican
parties, A maijornty of them were inclined

|

|

'
| to favor a const tution siinilar to that of the |

the Government is
The fear

(ited States, whieh
elected for a fixed number of vears
was expressed that if the parliamentary sys-
tem should be adopted, as advocated by Gual-
berto Gomez, Cuba would probably be in an
a@linost chronfe state of governmental crisis,
Gomez, who was educated in France, upholds
the Trench system, but he has failed to gain

wn

many

Phe

supporters
people of
Province would gain
federal but
aueh aa Puorto Principe and Santiago, would
lose by being made to support separate Legis-
lutures, The municipalities of the island are
beginning to petition the delegates to grant
the fullest municipal autonomy. One has
asked the Government not only to pay its deficit
of last year, but to grant it the fullest autonomy
in the matter of taxation. This petition is
styled by one of the Havana newspapers a

request to be allowed to grind the taxpayers
| to at unlimited extent

Havana that Havana
bv a

the

eayv
strongly marked
poorer provinces,

  

Sorne of the more conservative Cubans dread

the mreatest danwer the island has

the idea of municipal autonomy and say it is
incompetent and extravagant, but those of

Matinzas and Havana also. The Mayor of

Matanzas recently unlawfully stopped voting

by the City Council because one of the coun-

cilmen had resigned on account of the extrava-
gances in the budget When the vote was
finally taken, however, it was against the Mayor,
who tavored the budget
Regarding the proposal made by an American
newspaper that e clause should be introduced
fin the constitution allowing Spaniards to be-
come Cuban eitizens the Jaario de la Marina
save it will be many vears before the Spaniards
will do this The only object the Spaniards
would have in becoming Cuban citizens would
be to play the American game, namely to help
aswell the annexationist vote in Cuba. Span-
iards, however, would only lose by meddling
in Cuban politics ‘They would earn the hatred
of the Cubans, and would be too few w have
any influence.

‘Lhe Lucha warns the corvention to be careful
and remember that Spain might perhaps have
saved Porto Rico and the Philippines, but she
refiised to recognize the facta in the case

Santa Clara papers are suggesting that Santa

 

Mareoni is arranging to erect wireless telegraph [Clara be declared the capital of the island

Rubens and Lamar have been named
ns official prosecutors in the Post Office cases
Mr. Lamar will be some time before
the coses are ready for the courts

Advices have received from Cuban
agents in Kentucky that 4,000 head of cattle
there are offered for sale on good terms. Gove
ernor Geners! Wood has authorized an ap-
propriation of $110,000 to purchase the cattle,
whieh will be distributed among the poor farme
ers of Puerto Principe and Santiago

‘There are thirty-seven cases of yellow fever
in Havana

Messrs
hays if

been

PARIS PRESS SCORES THE KAISER.

Bitter Comment on His Refasal to Recetve
Krager.
Special Cable Despatch to THR SUN.

Pants, Dec 8 -—The French newspapers
comment bitterly on the rebuff of Emperor
William to ex-President Kriger in refusing
to receive him. The Motin aeks: “Can this
be the same Emperor who sent the message
to Kruger after the Jameson reid?”

‘The Radical says speeches in regard to na-
tional indenendence naturally do not interest
Emperor William beeause should Germany
surrender al! she holds simply by conquest
against the will of the nation, nothing would
be left

The Figaro
Parsifal, but a

save the Kaiser {a no modern

monarch who is inaccessible
to humane feelings. The paper declares that
perhaps Froperor William is the — principal
although indirect author of all President Kra-
ger's misfortunes

The Echo save that in an interview after the
announcement in regard to Emperor William's
course Mr. Krijeer = said “IT shall not cease
to have confidence in the spirit of justice of
the Emperor, who, without knowing me, four
years ago sent me a significant message of
encouragement.”

The Temps aseribes Emperor William's re-
fisal to meet ex-President Kroger to his de-
sire to oblige Great Britain. It declares that

mean animosity to England, but was due to
the warm-hearted enthusiasm of the French.
Mr. Krucer'a counsellors did
not have the foresight to save him from a moral

qualities of caution and reflection are not pos-
a democracy like the French,

 

PFOPLE WITH KRUGER.

GERMAN

 

Inclination to Blame von Buelow for the
Katser's Nebuff to the Boer Leader,

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,

Reuriy, Dec. 2 Many of the newspapers
make no comment on Mr. Kruger's rebuff by
Iimperor William, printing only the semi-
oMcial explanation of his Majesty's refusa-

to him. It eannot be doubted, how-
ever, that an immense preponderance of popu-
lar sentiment is with Mr. Kroger, and if he had
visited Berlin he would have received a well
come similar to that accorded him in Cologne.
Teorsrcitung is probably justi-
fied in asserting that it volees the opinion of
nine-tenths of the nation when it contends
that, although German intervention in South
Africa is out of the question, it was not neces-
sary to affront the representative of a State
never had the slightest
blames Chancellor von
cannot be surprised if
® assertion of Germany's
African war. It adds
strengthened that the
Germans no longer possess their proud inde.

meet

The Deutch

with whicd Germany
quarrel. The
Rnelow, who,
I the people doubt
in the South

paper
it says

neutrality

that the suspicion is

|
pendenee toward England Happily, Mr.
Kruger and the whole world received at Co.
logne ineontrovertible proof that the German
nation and the Germain Government take en-
tirely different sides in the matter

 

 

a Aitec fer Vln

| The demands of fashion

| are more exacting now, than ever.
Men of moderate incomes,
yet with a desire to keep apace
with fashion’s requirements,

| would find in our |

| ready-to-wear garments,

' all the features
of the exclusive tailor’s products,
but not the extreme prices.

|
'

2 F

Or. U2

the French reception to Mr. Kruger did iy

eheck,
The Jouwrval dea De?ata saya the Fmperor's
policy is one of reason, and that the German

to face
} Not only have the smaller municipalities proved

   
    

24 FIREMEN OVERCOME, |

FIGHTING WAIST DEEP IN WATER AT
A CELLAR FIRE.

Thick Smoke and Gas Which Poured From a
Broken Pipe Prostrated Them Like Fiies
Fire Was in Paper Stock, and an Error tn
Transmitting the Alarms Gave It a Start.

Not since the tire in Fifty-ninth street, nearly
@ sear ago, when nearly fifty firemen were
overcome by smoke, has the department had
to Cickle such a blaze as it met yesterday at noon
in the basement of the four-story building at
317 Canal street. Before the fire was out
twenty-four firemen had been prostrated by
smoke, It came from a small blaze and the
men had to fight that blaze in a cellar, where
the water was up to their walsts

lhe fire started in the paper stock of C. C.
Jones, a wholesale paper and twine merchant,
whose salesroom is ot 225 Canal street. What
caused it is not known. A special alarm was
turned in, bringing one engine and one truck,
and then an ordinary alarm was turned in from
the box at Broadway and Canal street. Through
some error, supposedly at Fire Headquarters,

where the alarms are transinitted to the station,
signal 265 instead of 145 was sent out) Signal
200 is from Broadway and Bleecker street and
thither the fire apparatus went = It was nearly
ten minutes before the mistake was discovered
and the engines sent on their way to Canal
street to join the one engine and truck which
had answered the special call

Ry this time the flre had got a ble start fn
the paper stock. Water was poured in until
the cellar under 217 and three other cellars
which adioined it were waist deep in water,
but still the smoke poured out. Foreman Cone
lan of Engine 27 Was the first fireman to cole
lnpse in the cellar. A fireman of his company
gave out next, and then In rapid succession,
notwithstanding the fact that they were work-
bug in five-minute shifts, these firemen were
helped out of the cellar and stretched out on
the sidewalk: Foreman Thomas Hayes of
Enaine 4l and two firemen of that engine: Fore-
man Hugh Larkin of Truck 20 and one fire-
man of that truck; Lieut. McDermott of Hook
and Ladder §& and Firemen Mayer and
McLaughlin , also of Hook and Ladder 8.

‘hen a gaspipeinthe basement was broken,
It probanly was cutin tearing up the floor and
ina few moments the danger of gas aspliyxiae
lion was added to that of smoke. After that
the firemen fell like flies. In a few minutes
these were earned out) Deputy Chief Ahearn,
actine Chief King of the Second Battalion,
Battalion Chief Kenney of the Third Battalion,
Lieut. MeDonnell of Engine $1, Capt. Patrick
Maher and Firemen Reagan, Healy and Blitz
of Engine 20; Capt. N. EF. Healy of Engine 30
and Fireman Connelly of that engine: Firemen
Shaler, Seigel and Kraft of Engine 20 and
Fireman Magulre of Fnugine 31,

Iwo ambulances were called, one from St
Vincent's Hospital and one from — Hudson
airect hospital, but they took none of the fire-
men away. The men were attended by the
ambulance surgeons, and all of them, by the
tine the fire wes out, were able to wo back to
their stations

The blaze was confined to the basement and
the ground floor of the building The
paper stock was a total loss, and the stock of
Louis Berg, a manufacturer of suites and cloaks,
who eecoupied the ground floor and three upper
floors, was badly damaged by water and sinoke
The total loss was about $7,000, of which €2,000
was on the building

 

KRUGER NOT SO HOPETUL Now.

Con Do Nothing for Him Alone

~ Doesn't Criticise the Kalser,
Special Cable Despatch to THE SuN.

CoLoany, Dee, %--Ex-President Kruger will
leave for The Hague on Wednesday. He bas
intimated his friends that afterward he
will visit St. Petersburg. Then he will go to
Vienna and Rome. He frequently expresses
the wish that the parliaments of all nations would
pass a vote of sympathy with the Boers. If
this were done, he says, arbitration would surely
follow. The old Boer ex-President denies em-
phatically that he wants armed intervention
by the Powers, He says that if the great Pow-
ers leave him in the lurch a small one (meaning
Holland) can do nothing for his people.

Mr. Kruger, after thanking Count Tschirky

Boegendorff, who conveyed to him the Em-
peror’s inessage expressing his Majesty's re-
grets for not being able to receive him at prea-
ent, said 1 invoke God's blessing on the
august personage, for whom I have enter-
toned the friendliest feelings and best wishes
ever since meeting him years ago.”

BELGIANS WANT TO AID KRUGER.

Motion to Offer to Arbitrate Will Be Submitted
to the Deputies,
Special Cable Despatch to Tur Svs
Enesses, Dec. 3.--A motion to offer to arbi-

trate between Great Britain and the Boers
will be submitted to the Chamber of Deputies

here

Notland

to

 

 

 

German Diplomatic Changes.
Special Cable Despatch to Tre Sun.
Loxpon, Dec. 4-—-The Berlin correspondent
of the Times ears that Count von Alvensieben,

German Minister at Brus<els, who was formerly
at Washington, will succeed Prince von Badoe
lin as German Ambassador to Russia.

 

Australian Gold Coming This Way.

Special Cable Despatch to THE Sun.
Srpxey, N. 8. W., Dec. 8.—The steamer

lameda sailed hence toeday for San Francisco,
faving on bosre 300,000 sovereigns co
port.

THE SUN, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 4,
PLAN OF A CUBAN REPUBLIC |

Never in the history of the wine trade has there been
offered a more liberal proposition than the above, demon-
strating beyond all question the desire and intention of
Messrs. Pommery to maintain at all cost and under any con-
dition the high standard of Pommery Champagne.
Pommery have given us their positive as-
surance that none of the 1895’s have been, or will be,
shipped to us, and this we guarantee.

CHARLES GRAEF @ CO., Sole Agents for the Vnited States.

Messrs.

 

1900.

 

Pommery's official circular mailed upon application.

 

OWEN MURPHY DEAD.

For Years He Was the Manager of the Lord
Estate -A Big Robbery Recalled.

Owen Murphy died yesterday morning at
his bome, S8t First street, Brooklyn. He was
born in County Monaghan, Ireland, in 1817,
After spending some years in Scotland, he
came to this country in 1839 and entered the
drvgoods business While here he gained the
friendship of Hutus Lord. ‘The latter asked
hin to accept the place of agent of the Lord
estate, which included almost the entire blook
bounded by Broad street, Exchange place,
Willian: street and Beaver street, but Mr. Mure
phy did not take charge until he failed in busi-
ness, i 1857. He retained the place of agent
until about a year ago, and became such a well
known figure in the neighborhood that Lord's
court, where he had his offices, was frequently
referred to as Murphy's alley.

Rufus Lord was accustomed to keep all his
securities in safes in his office in Exchange
place. ‘To these only Mr. Lord and Owen Mure

hy had access. In 1866 Dutch Heinrich, Dan

oble and several associate thieves, entered
the office while Mr. Murphy was out and Mr,
Lord's attention was engaged, and carried off
#1,700,00 worth of bonds. The police made
a great show of activity over the matter, and
closely questioned everybody who had any
connection with Mr. Lord's business on the
day of the robbery, John Young, then ep
tain of detectives, proposed subjecting Mr.
Murphy to the “third degree” At this Mr.
Lord put his foot down most emphatically

“No,” he said, “Lb will not allow you to ques.
tion Owen Murphy directly or indirectly. If
he had wished to rob me he could have done
it long ago’

It was the general belief at the time that the
robbery was effected under police protection,and
4 general upheaval in the force, which resulted

fin the reorganization of the detective depart-
.

|

|

ment, followed - a
Thomas do Murphy, a son, who died tweive
years uxo, was well-known in Democratic polie
ties in the time of Samuel J. Tilden Another
econ, James, who was « leader in the County
Democracy, died two years ago. John Mur-
phy, the third son, is now in the plinibing busi-
nes at 28 Reaver street Two daughters,
one the wife of ex-Supervisor of City Records

W. JK. Kenny, and the other a sister in the
Convent of Mount St. Vincent, also survive
him

Mr Murphy's funeral will take place from
the Chureh of St. Francis Xavier, Sixth ave-

 

nue and President street, Brooklyn, at half
past @ to-morrow morning
Obituary Notes,
Richard ©. Washburn, ex-President of the

Hudson County National Bank of Jersey City,

died at his home in Saugerties, N. Y.,. vester-
dav, after a years’ illbess, He was born in
North Castle, Westchester county, on Sept

7, 1831, and early in life learned the brick mak-
ine business. He held large interests in the
manufactire of briek in Jersey City and

 

Kirman Shah

Rugs of the best selection, as well
as others from the Orient, at

Mecderate Prices.

TIFFANY @) STVDIOS

333T0341 FOVRTH AVENVE

cet 24th and 25th Sts.) New York,

We suggest to those seek-
ing the artistic in Wedding
and Holiday Gifts an inspec-
tion of our importation of

Rare Rugs.

 

It is the Cheapest Known Fuel
—and by all odds the best.

25c. a month -

rents a range.

Repairs Cost You Nothing.
At All Offices of the

Standard Gas Light Co.

 

rr
Se
Se

 

Glaseo, N.Y. Mr. Washburn was a
of the New Jersey Assembly ois Is74
and 1875 and was elected to the deraey City
board of Works in 1876, He was a Republican
and a leading member of the Union League
Club. Mr. Washburn was chosen
of the Hudson County National Bank eleven
years ago, and in June last gota two month?
vacation, owing to hia failing health. tHe re-
signed as President on Oct. 3, but still reniained
in the Board of Directors. Mr. Washburn is
survived by his widow and three sons,

Randolph H. Brown, one of the beat known

member

Pemoorats of Jefferson county, died at his
ome at Kilisbere on Sunday night. Mr. Brown
at one time was a deputy collector ‘in the New
York Custom House. He was appointed dur.
ing the second Cleveland administration and
held over under President McKinley until he
resigned his place on account of iil health
Mr. Brown for many years was connected
with the Flower wing of the Democratic party

of his county. He was thoughtful, sagacious,
upright and honorable in all his dealings. He
was one of the most effleient deputy collectors
the New York Custom House has hed in many
years

A despatch from Milwaukee announces the
death: in # hospital there of Cartwright Eustis,
a wealty merchant of New Orleans. Mr fustis
went to Europe for treatment, and finally to
Milwaknee to consult a epecialiat and under-
Went an operation. He was a brother-in-law
and cousin of James Eustis, former Senator
from Louisiana and Ambassador to France,
He was a grandeon of Gen Abraham Eustis,
’. 8. A, and also of Major Henry Chetard,
who was on the staff of Gen Jackson in the
War of 1812. He was born in Natelez in 1849,
and graduated from Harvard just in tine te
enlist in the Confederate Army. He was twice
severely wounded in the Civil War, serving on
the staff of Gen Randall L. Gibser

Th Rev. Dr. William Howard Day, Secretary
of the General Conference A. Mo Bo Zion | oie
-terday

 

vention, died in Harrisburg, Va, ve

aged 75 years. He wan a native of New York
and was eraduated from Oberlin College in
1847, the only colored man in a class of fifty
He received the degree A. M. in iso) from
Oberlin, and later of D. D, from Livingstone
College, Salisbury, N. ¢ I was the chair
man of the Committee of Citizens of Cleve.
land who addressed Louis Kossuth of Hun-
gary, in 1852. In isA7 be assumed charge na

pgees and
hav-

Inspector-General of Sehools «
Freedmen for Maryland and ['eliware,
ing 14) schools, 15) teachers 1 7.00 children
to superintend.

Curt Muser, not dasaindgeof laces, died at
his home in Brussels yesterday after ness
of six weeks, He was bern in Dortmund,
Westphalia, in 1858, and after recetyine a liberal
education entered the employ of Duden Fréres
& Co, This firm was suceeded by the present
house of Muser Brothers, tmoorters, of Dros.
sels and New York, and in ts he beeame a
member of the firm, of which he was the head
at the time of his death.

 

 

ar

Former Gov, McClure, the last Repub-
lican executive of Missouri, died at
Lebanon, Mo, Sunday, at the age of &8

Joseph Wo McClure was a native of st. Louis
county, Mo. His grandfather came to Amer-
fea during the Irish rebellion of 1798, stowed
away in the hold of a vessel, and his family
followed later, Mr. Mec lore was a merchant
when elected Governor of Missouri in 1868, and
at the expiration of his term of of!ece resumed
business,

William A.C Stark, fo
Postmaster at the oflen Commandant
at the Charlestown Navy Yard, died on Stun-
dav Aft the Cite Hospital, where he died, the
records state that th probably resulted
from wood alcoho! poisoning It is supposed
that he took the wood alcohol by mistake
He was of an old Southern family and was
born at Petersburg, Va, 64 vears ago

Col. John Ro Popham of Riehmond. Va.
fell dead vesterday of heart disease, For yeara
he wasa well-known character in Washington,
having an acquaintance with the leading poli-
ticians

James Lewisof Greenwich, Conn , died vester-
day of an overdose of landanum. He was 66
years old

   
  

manv vears the
the

ces

  

MICHIGAN OFTICTAL SENTENCED.

Ten Years for Gen. W. L.. White, Who Pleads
Gullty tn the Clothing Frands,

Lansing, Mich, Dee 8 Gen. W. TL. White
of Grand Rapids, ex-Quartermaster-General
of the Michigan Nationa! Guard, to-day pleaded
guilty to the charge of complicity in the State
military clothing frauds. Judge West de-
clared that he believed White was the principal
in the frauds and sentenced him to ten vears’
imprisonment at hard labor in the penitentiary
at Jackson.

 

 

« Bank Clerk Hensler Acquitted.

Robert Hensler, formerly a clerk in the Dime
Savings Bank in Newark, who, on his own
admission, had something to do with their-
regularities committed by the defaulting trea-
eurer, Charles R. Westervelt, has been mis-
chargedfrom custody. TheGrand Jury cleared
him of ali the charges made against him. te

was arrested on Sept. 28, charged with forgery
in having altered the accounts of Fannie Reiff
and the Knights of Pythias, fle sald afterward
that he made changes in the books under the
direction of Westervelt,

 

JOTTINGS ABOUT TOWN.

 

Capt. Alexander McEwen of the tugboat Mary
Lewis was accidently asphyxiated in bed yesterday
in his room in the hotel at 16 West street

James Ruasell, an engineer, of 181 West 130th
atreet, employed on the Rapid Transit Tunnel, fell
into the excavation at 111th street and Lenox avenue
yesterday and was instantly killed. :

Eleven-year-old Edward Wably of 223 Fast Twen-
ty-eighth street. playing tag in Third avenue yester-

ay afternoon, fot in the way of 4 north-dound
trolley car. An arm and leg were broken.

The General Seasions Grand Jury dismissed y
terday complaints against these candidates at ¢

last election who failed to fi'e in time te of
at SRE state tas Pika ey
a J. 7. Sulius G. :

. Rep; Kremer, Ind

333939339233339393339329>
AN
UNPRECEDENTED PROCEDURE

Messrs. Pommery regret to inform their customers
that they have heard lately that some of the 1895’s do not
seem to possess keeping qualities.
Anxious to maintain their tradition of supplying the
best wine only and with the view of avoiding any incon-
venience to their customers, Messrs. Pommery have decided
to suffer a heavy pecuniary loss, rather than to compro-
mise their good name by shipping aChampagne of doubtful
keeping quality.

Messrs. Pommery feel that under the circumstances
it is better for the reserves of 1895 to be cancelled. They
accordingly offer to send a check for the amount (with
interest at.the rate of 5% per annum from the date of
payment), for any wine of this vintage which may have
been purchased from them.

  

a

]
|

President |

   
  
  

   

FILIPINOS TIRE OF REVOLT.

2.180 BOLOMEN TAKE THE OATH OP
ALLEGIANCE.

The Surrender Is Attributed to the Re-election
of President McKinley—These Men Have
Been Aguinaldo's Chief Sapporters—All
Are Members of the Katipunan Societys

Spectral Cable Despatch to THE SUN,

MANILA, Dec. 3.-There is much satisfaction

among the Americans here over the news of
the surrender of Gen. Young at Santa Maria
of upward of 2,000 bolomen who belonged
to the famous Katipunan Society, which has
always been aggressively active in the insure
gent cause. The Filipino leaders regard the
surrender as a great catastrophe and fear tha®
t is the forerunner of wholesale disintegration
among the rebels, especially in the district
commanded by Gen. Young. Heretofore the
guerrillas in this district have been sueceasfub
in their raids against the Americans and peacee
ful Filipinos.

WASHINGTON, Dec. 3.—The most encouraging
report received from the Philippines for several
months came to-day ina cable message from
Gen. MacArthur, who confirms the statemen®
that alarge body of insurgent Filipinos in northe,
ern Luzon had surrendered, War Departmen®

ficers say that the surrender is the result of

the reelection of President McKinley, and in

this opinion they are supported by Gen. Young,

to whom the natives surrendered. The mem
notonly declared their intention to stop fighting,
but also took the oath of allegiance tothe t hited
States

Ihe surrender took place at Santa Maria,
a town of 10,039 inhabitants, situated nine
teen mies from Vigan, in
liecus Sur. The number surrendering is given
ns 2.18), which largely exceeds the number ree
ported in press despatches. That these natives
are Iatipunan insurrectos is taken to indicate
a decid d reaction among the people of Luzon
as the society is the backbone of
the revolution It members of this
organization whom Aguinaldo addressed a®
the beginning of the insurrection, telling them
how they should attack the Arpericans

Geo. MacArthur says

"TV wo thousand one hundred and eighty Katte
piunanis gents, whom Consique enrolled (bolo-
men), eame from the mountains and surrene
dered to Gen, Samuel BoM. Young to-day at
Santa Maria. (They) renounced insurrection
and swore allegiance to the United States,
fhe oath was administered by the padre
(priest) at the church with impressive religious
ceremonies Gen. Young attributes the sur-
render to President's re@lection ond vigorous
prosecution of the war. Although no rifles
surrendered, this is important as indicating a
reaction among the people

mi - ~ movable columns Samar, Panay,
Twenty-eighth Regie

Infantry, goes to

 

 

 

 

was

 

commenced operations;
ment, U. 8. Volunteer
Mindanao.’

ne )

HAMMERSLOUGH BROS.

If your tatlor asks prices that make you turn pale

Suppress, if you ean, Sir, your choler,

And buy your new clothes at the Hammerslough Sale

At exactly 60 cents on the dollar.

The tailor will ask you five times
our present prices; yet our clothing,
especially in the finer grades, is equal
in every detail to the best that’s offered
you in exclusive 5th Ave. tailor shops,

That's the kind of clothing we are
selling at exactly 60 cents on the dol-
lar. For we are going out of the
retail business and our entire splendid
stock is being sacrificed regardless of
value,

Wide, fashionable Oxford grey Overcoats and Rage
lans made with broad military shoulders; suite

trousers, full dress sults, ulsters. ete.
Several hundred of our finest fall overecats are now

$6.50, Formerly 812, $15 and $18 Some sili-lined.
Orr. Kerween
GSS, 830 BROADWAY *2i2 18%

Che “Popular Shop.”

THE HOWDAY SALE
’

DECORATIVE FURNITURE,
ANTIQUE PERSIAN RUGS,
T APESTRIES, pe IRTIERES

MANY QUAINT THINGS

GOOD FOR GIFTS,
is now open

IN THE HOLIDAY ANNEX,
NOS, 7 & ® WEST 42D ST

 

THE WALL PAPERS
AND “LIPFERTY" FABRICS
THE “MISSION” FURNITURE
AND WICKER CHAIRS

are shown as usual
AT NOS. 3 AND 5 WEST 42D ST,

tar Leiaurely Inapection isA ordially Invited.

JOSEPH P. McMuUCH 4 CO., |
FORTY-SECOND STf/W. AT FIFTH AVB

(T Reo'd)

the province of,

sea SB

ee