nT ns oo

   
  

The ee Sun.

TUPADAY, DECEMBER 4 iow

1 que trlenda wha faror us with manuecrinte for
publication with to hare reflected aritcirs relurned, (hey
mul in all cases end sampefor (hal purp t@

The Last Message of the Century.

The Preatdent'’s annual communication
to Congress ia largely recitative this year;
@ narrative of prosperity at home and of
diplomatic and military achievetnent not
leas than growing trade abroad

The most important recommendations
touching the immediate business of Con-
gress are these

1. That the present revenue from war
taxea ha reluced by about $30,000,000, The
financial exhibit warranting thie recome-
mendation is of a highly satisfactory char-
acter. The last flacal year showed a aur-
plua of $79,500,000, after an unintermipted
series of six years of deficita aggregating
9283,000,000. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury estimates an excess of revenue over
expenditures for the current year amount-
ing again to $80,000,000, The available
eash balance in the Treasury exclusive of
the gold reserve is $130,303,704; the gold
reserve is $150,000,000 The two per cent.
continued bonds of 1891 have been paid
off aince June 30 to the amount of $23,-
458,100. The refunding of three, four and
five per cent, bonds into two per cents.,
under the act of last March, has proceeded
to the extent of about $345,000,000 out of a
total of the outstanding issues of §839,-
000,000, the net saving to the Government
by the exchange being nearly $10,000,000,

 

{

| the Florida Times-Union,

with $7,000,000 reduction of interest charges j

the next three years
President is justified in) reporting
“the present condition of the Treasury
is one of undoubted strength.”

2. Aid to American shipping The figures
he gives of the nation’s foreign commerce
bear directly on this recommendation.
They are even more gratifying than the
Treasury Last year our exports

annually for

exhibit

‘The |
that

and importa combined exceeded two bil- |

lions of dollars, the highest point ever
reached, Exports were greater than ever
before, The exports of agricultural products

alone about equalled the total of imports of
all sorts: and of manufactured producta we
exported $433,851,756, an inerease of nearly
$10,000,000, or twenty-eight) per cent.,
over the preceding year. At the same time
the importation of finished goods of foreign
manufacture is steadily decreasing in its
ratio to the total of imports. This is
development in the right direction. The

porple when there ie reatiy a danger threatening
the fold ta there reas to apprehend danger now’
“We are told that he bt! be oblectionahle matnty
heenuae It confers the power on the Preddent to fa the
Matus of (he army between a minin omof oe

that thie dieeretion te without precedent and for
bidden by the unwritten law fe Clere warrant
for feat or reason in the outery created Det ve look

Inte both these potnta ao freely urged and with suet
emphaai«

"On the 2ath of May. 1708
President and JR RRRISON, \ ire Tres
authorieed the formation of a prov
10,000 men. the necessary officera te be appointed hy
the President ‘all to remain tn the sereliee only so
long as the President deems necessary for the public
safety.” but the term of enlistment to be three years
Here the fathers themaelves made the Faecutive the
Judge of the necenalty, of the term of en'istment, and
gave the ght to maintain aueb military force or to
diahand 't

Note also, that the army waa ralaed, was needed,
41d good service, and was disbanded as soon as that
need bad passed. This disposes of all doubts except
as to our need of a@ larger force

“There were honest doubts among tis as to our rels
tive standing with the other Powers on forelan ques
tons. We respectfully submit that no sueh doubt
can confuse our minds now The American people
have decided to continue our polley in the Bast, the
verdict holds, and it !s the duty of Congress to pro
videthe means. A greater fieetand army has, there
fore, been voted by the ultimate authority of this
country, and a refusal would be ‘revolutionary.’

“The two biils are within the limits of the Const!
tution, within the line of precedent, and warranted
by the circumstances of the time. Detalles should
be adjusted, calmly, thoughtfully, and in the light of
our late experience, but there is nothing In the plans
as outlined to create fear or dismay When the
country has decided we should all stand together,
and we will — woe to those who fall to fall tn.’

Voame being
rt, Congtess
te riny of

Jon

 

women |

and & MasimuM of (00.000 we are implored to hellewe | Mont

The question could not be treated with |

sounder sense, more sufficient
or more patriotic spirit, The name of the
contemporary from which we quote will
have a peculiar political interest. It is
one of the most
stalwart supporters that Bryanism enjoyed
in the recent election
How Did tt Get By John Hay?

recommendation
with
the

President McKINLey's
concerning the Pacific cable will meet
acceptance and hearty approval on
part of all Americans; but how did it ever
wet past the Hon, Jous Hay?

The line of eleetrie communication that
shall link us to our possessions in the Pacific
Ocean must be an American line whether
it is built by the United States or by an
American company subsidized by — the
United States, In either this
ernment’s control of the eable in time of
war will be absolute. It will be impossible
for any enemy to employ it to our disad-
vantage, or to the advantage of that en-
emy's own military and naval

Hse,

| against us,

record of it rendera impressive the Presi- ,
dent's earnest appeal to Congress to legis- |
late at once for the upbuilding of our mer-

At present American ships
less than one-tenth of the

ehant marine,
are carrying

two billion dollars’ worth of our commerce, |

outgoing and incoming. The President
does not specifically mention the Frye-
Grosvenor Shipping bill now before Con-

doubt that he has that measure in mind
when he calls for “aid to our merchant
marine which will
and our markets and upbuild our gea
carrying capacity for the products of agri-
culture and manufacture, which, with
the increase of our navy, mean more work
and wages to our countrymen, as well aa
a@ safeguard) to American intereata in all
parts of the world.” Tho principle under-

That this should be so; that altruistic
sentiments should not enter into the man-
agement of the cable, that the denationali-
zation of the cable in time of war forthe

benefit of the world’s commerce is too
abaurd to be considered, that it isa her
our duty nor our proper policy to invite
the other great powers to join us in the

ultimate supervision of the cable and ina
guarantee of its neutrality

| sitions are truisms requiring no elucidation
gress, but his remarks leave little room for |

broaden our commerce |

lying the so-called Subsidy bill is the same |

a that which justifies the general policy
of protection, for which Mr. McKIn.ey
has done so much, and which has brought
to this nation such magnificent results.

3. In the same line is the President's
reference to the importance of the inter-
oceanic canal. We can only wish that
his remarks on that subject specially ad-
dressed to the Senate had included a frank
announcement that the State Department
was ready to welcome any such suggested
change in the Hay-Pauncefote treaty as
might make the canal thoroughly Ameri-
ean and American for all time.

4. The prompt construction of a Pacific
cable to Hawaii, Guam and Manila,

5. For the Filipinos, as soon aa may be,
“an enduring, self-supporting and self-
administering community.” We quote
the President's words because they are
likely to give rise to as much discussion as
anything in the message. His remarks
on the nation’s duty to the people whom
he styles its " wards” may be interpreted
by some over-hasty anti-imperialists as
meaning independent self-government for
the Filipinos at some future day. There
fs no warrant, however, for the assumption
that the President is receding a step from
the position he took when he declared that
our flag must remain in the Philippines,
He makes this tolerably clear when he goes
on to say that we must so treat the Filipinos
that our flag may be no less beloved in
Luzon than it is at home, and that “ there
as here it shall be the revered symbol of
liberty, enlightenment and progress in
every avenue of development.”

6. The increase of the army. The Presi-
dent's recommendations are in accord with
the well-known requirements of the situa-
tion; that is to say an army of 60,000, with
authority onthe part of the Executive to
increase the force to 100,000 while conditions
remain as at present in the Philippines and
Cuba. The President asks for power to in-
clude in the 100,000 about 15,000 native
troops in the Philippines, the Taft Commis-
sion believing that auch troops would be
more effective even than our own sol-
ders in operations against guerrillas and
ladrones,

7. Reapportionment, but signifleantiy with-
out any reference to the curtailment of
Southern representation.

§ Finally, and by way of general ex-
hortation rather than of formal reeom-
mendation, a reminder to Congress of the
peculiar dangers of the present  seasion
resulting from abundant prosperity, a
full Treasury and a Republican majority
with no check, save its own self-control,
upon its natural disposition to go ahead
at high pressure and full speed. Be eau-
tious, says Mr. McKinitey to House and
Renate, be not extravagant

Wiser or more timely advice was never
offered by any President to any Congress,
It is a good message,

the New Army.

Some very informing light upon the
nature of the new Army bill's demand that
the precise size of the United States Army
be determined, within certain clearly drawn
Hits, according to the judgment of the
Commander-in-Chief, the Preddent, orle-
Inates in the State of Florida:

“We would beseech thase who see danger to the
Ubervies of ovr country in the proposed Army bill to
Moderate their transports and take counsel of history
Ond experience hefore Talsing # Hullabaloo that will
oe eons oe ane of our people as well as

‘OUT @s Gat ane comers re ave
ueselves unable to rouse the

No two Americans think differently about
them. President MCKINLEY was one of the
first Americans to urge their vital impor-
tance; and he has not changed his mind

In a special message sent to Congresa
on February 10, 1800, the President said:

“Such communteation should be established tn
sucha way asto be wholly under the eontrol of the
United States whether tn time of peace or of war."

In his annual message of last December
he renewed this recommendation of ex-
clusive American control of the Pacifle
cable, without asking the cofperation or
consent of any other nation, and yesterday
Mr. McKINLEY again renewed it.

The President is right. The cable must
be wholly American. ‘There must be no

Gov. |

all these propo. | ; ;
| positively revolting.

knowledge |

 

THE SUN, TUESDAY, DECEMBER

fluence in American society— for auch must
he the consequence of the framing of a
more agreeable supplementary creed, prac-
tically to supersede it will be one of the
momentous of the resulta brought
about by the weakening of retigioua faith
and conviction: which has marked the laat
quarter of the nineteenth century. If the
Presbyterian Church survives: the dis-
placement of the Weatminater Confession
it will be asa radically transformed body,
{ta old distinction gone and the reason for
ifs existence joat

The Splendor of Elsingere Jones.

A new weight has been laid on the laurel-
bowed head of Chicago. The Times
Herald of that town records in a triumphant
despatoh that a Cook county genius, the
Hon, FRANK ELSINGERE JONES, Is witching
St. Louis with hia radiant garb, He has
established himaelf “ with aacore of trunks,
one for shirts, two for fancy waistcoats
the rest containing suita and racks,” at @
hotel and begun his labors, He wishes to
teach the Missourians how to dreaa and
his own fine example is ever before them.
He works hard, but he sticks to it, although
every day “he does more changing his
clothes than the ordinary man does to
support ai family.”

ELSINGERE JONES suffers, but he is strong.
He makes “an entire change of outfit every
hour of the day from & o'clock in the morn-
ing until @ in the evening.” We object
to the word “ outfit "in reference to a gen-

tleman’s collection of clothes, It has too
commercial a smack, It suggesta the
‘outfitter’ and not the accomplished

student and teacher of the eleganclea of
dress, Nor is the account of the pro-
gramme of changes complete enough.
Does ELSINGERE JONES wo to bedin evening
clothes? But to return to his labors:
"As soon as he had engaged bis sulte of rooms he
threw open all his trunks and in half an hour bad his
clothes on racks, each rack numbered by the hour so

| that Le would not have to think what neat to wear.”

operations |

partnership with Great Britain or Germany |

or France, or any other power which might
profit by its neutralization. The idea
of neutrality as against ourselves is not to
be tolerated for an instant

But how, we ask again, did this propos |

sition for exclusively American
get by the Hon. Joan Hay?

control

A Great Religious Revolution Pro-
posed.

 

The committee appointed by the last
General Assembly of the Presbyterians te
consider the revision of the Westminster
Confession meeta at Washington to-day:
but there seems to be little probability
that it will agree upon any such revision

The drift of Presbyterian sentiment appears |

rather to be favorable to a supplementary
creed, which shall be shorter, simpler and
more general,

The Westminster Confession ia so logic i
a document that from the first it was evi-
dent that the demand for its revision be-
cause of ob ection to the severity of its
conclusions could not he satisfled without
throwing aside the whole construction anc
substituting a new Granting its premises,
the sovereignty of Gop and retribution,
its are irresistible, however
unpleasant they may be to modern sensi-
tiveness touching all pain and suffering
The only escape from them is in denial of
the personality of Gop and of everlasting
rewards and puaishments: and practically
the agitation for revision was due toa pre-
Vailing distaste for the doctrine of hell,
as involving Divine ernelty which outrages
the human sense of justice. and
the tender spirit of a time when men and

conclusions

women organize societies to prevent the
unnecessary infliction of pain even on
dumb beasts, That is, the demand was

for an “ up-to-date" creed

It being impossible to adapt the West-
minster Confession to this contemporary
eentiment without destroying utterl
logical consistency, a supplementary creed
fs proposed and probably will be renorted
by the committee as a compromise. in

Ws

; this, fowieal conclusions can he avoided,

and as it is those against which modern
sensitivenesa rebels the substitute is likely
to satia’y ;

it remains to be seen, however, if the
Presbyterian Chureh can retain its vigor
without the strong food of the Wesetininster
Confession. Undoubtedly that standard of
faith has been of great value
no lesa than religious valve in building wy
vigorous mindsand characters

the objectors,

intellectual

Ithas heen
one of the great educating forces jn
country from days. tt
made logicians, metaphysicians and thee.
logians of farmers, men of business aye
multitudes of people who received thoy
intellectual training from no other soupoe
and it has given to the clergy preaching
its doctrines & supenor intellectual quality
In its rugged soil the Presbyterian Chup, 4
grew vigorously, so that the Preshytoriyy
type became distinctive, recognizable jy
the very speech and feature, and distingni.|
able by austerity of
of demeanor. [t was a hard religion. boyy
it made stable characters, It was nor arn
tractive to the weak, but it invigorated rhe
strong.

The passing away of so powerful an in.

this

our earliest has

Hife and seriousnec

The syftem is of an admirable order,
The bill of fare, so to speak, is made and
there is no more bother. Apparently
Mr. Erstnorre Jones does not truat in
valets, The supreme artist must depend
upon his own hand and brain. Here follow
some particulars:

’ He has fashionable vests of the loudest pattern
obtainable, His shirts also are of extreme patterns
He does not require more than one trunk for shirts
because he has his New York agent ship two dozen
of the very latest pattern to him by express every
Saturday afternoon. He supplied his dealer with a
schedule of dates and towns so that there ean be no
mistake about the shirts reaching him. His shoes
run mostly to patent leather with the bulldog toe, and
his trousers are so peggy at the bottom as to look like
a Turk’s. A silk hat with a big bell crown and big
rim is the mainstay In the hat line, When an um-
brala is necessary then ft !s that Mr. JONES shines,
even if the sun does not. He has one with the usual
black silk covering, but the handle of itis the feature.
It Is a wild boar's tusk twelve inches long.”

We never will believe that ELSINGRRE
Jones wears “ vests.” The reporter has
wronged him. <A “silk hat" is a pang to
many tender bosoms, and “ the hat line” is
The Turkish trousers
and the umbrella handle are worthy of
ELSINGERE, Weare anxious toknow if St,
Louis will imitate those modest fashions,

Will England Tax American Manu-
factures?

We are informed that Sir Howanp Vi1N-
CENT, the Honorary Secretary of the United
Empire Trade League, will bring forward
in the coming session of the new Parlia-
ment a bill imposing ad valorem duties
upon imports into the United Kingdom
other than those from the British Colonies,
What chance has the bill of being passed?

There is no doubt that Sir MicHAEL HICKs-
Beacu, the Chancellor of the Exchequer,
will find it extremely difficult to make
both ends meet. England has two wars
upon her hands The contest in the
Orange Free State and the South Afmean
tepublic has her several hundred
millions of dollars, and it is expected to
cost her nearly five million dollars a week
for an indefinite period. The military
operations in China are imposing upon her
an additional burden, and to these also it is
impossible to foresee a Umit. Of course,
such outlays cannot be met from the taxes
which had proved adequate before the two
eontests in question began. The Chan-
cellor of the Exchequer must find new
sources for the national revenue, and they
must be abundant sources. There is no
doubt that preferential customs duties
would provide a great deal of money. Is
the bulk of the British population, how-
ever, prepared to renounce free trade,
and to revert to the protectionist system
which obtained in the United Kingdom
before the repeal of the Corn Laws?

To that question a definite answer will
have to be given by the incoming Parlia-
ment. If Sir Howarp VINCENT would

 

Cost

| confine himself to a proposal to levy duties

} The

on foreign manufactures imported into
the United Kingdom and into all British
dependencies whieh are not self-govern-
ing, he might have a prospect of success,
British manufacturers of iron and
have already good cause to dread
American competition, and, no doubt,

stoel

| they and the operatives employed by them

horrifies |

would be glad to be relieved from it, if
they were sure that the application of the
protectionist principle would go no further,
Bearing in mind that their iron and ateel
products have been long cut off by heavy
duties from United States markets, the
British manufacturers may not unreason-
ably feel that they have a right to recur
to similar measures of defence, now that
they are being tundersold by American
rivais in the markets of the United King-
dom, Should Sir Howarp Vincent aim,
however, to erect a tariff wall exclusively
for the benefit of British manufacturers,
he would not in the least promote the con-
solidating purposes of the United Empire
Trade League with which he is identified.
Undoubtedly his bill would allow Colonial
mamuifacturera to enter the markets of
the United Kingdom duty free, but this
would be a sterile privilege, The Colonies
possess jt now, but none of their manu-
factured products is able to compete with
those of the United Kingdom inthe British
market

Sir Howants

imperialistic programme

P will compel him to carry the protectionist

) not

principle much further, and to apply it,
only to those artificial products in
which British manufacturers fear foreign,
though not Colonial, competition, but also
to food ataples, wherein a decided prefer.
ence manifestly would inure to the profit
of the Colomes. If the preference, how-
ever, is to be of any substantial benefit to

' Colonial food producers, the tax imposed

on foreign grain, flour and meal would have
to he so considerable as sensibly to affect the

cost of bread in the United Kingdom. We
do not believe that inhabitanta of the
Kritish Isles, however imperialistic in

sentiment, will assent to the imposition of
such a tax upon breadstuffs, unless they
are closely connected with the agricul

 

tural interest, and, consequently, desire
fo nee the prices of farm lands appreciate,
Much persona constitute a amall and con.
tinually decreasing fraction of the Hritiah
population.

This, then, ia the dilemma in which Sir
Howann Vincent will find bimaelf. If
he confines hia projected application of
the protectioniat principle to manufact-
ures, he will fall to secure the support
of the Impertaiteta, whose advocate he
professes to be, for sich a measure would
in no whee further the interesta of the
Colonies, Should he try, on the other hand,
to tax food staples, he will find arrayed
againat him two-thirds, if not three-fourths,
of the voters of the United Kingdom,

The Vice-Admiralty.

The President's recommendation that
the grade of Vice-Admiral be re@stablished
can properly have but one meaning. It
means that second in command to Grorark
Dewry, made Admiral for the brilliant
triumph of Manila Bay, shall be the com-
mander of the victorious fleet at Santiago,
WILLIAM T. SAMPRON.

Dewry's victory gave us our foothold
in the East; Sampson's knocked away
the foundation of Spain's power to keep
on with the war. Dewry haa had hia
reward, a great one, in which the American
people glory and delight. The honors
due to SAMPSON are atill lacking, and the
same is true as to the gallant band of officers
who earned special distinction in service
in Atlantic waters during the same con-
flict. One of the most conspicuous of
them, JoHN W. Puiuip, Captain of the
Texas, died without receiving a sign of rec-
ognition on the part of his country.

There is no parallel to the injustice that
these facta stand for. Congress a .ould re-
gard asasacredita duty toright the wrong,

I cried out in my pain, I swore at the silver
moon, when 1 heard that Bryan's cane was
inasaloon I would build for ita shrine, where
the silver censers swing, and the silver candles
shine, and bells ting-ling. To Bryanites austere
I would show that thing of worth of the man
I most revere upon earth. But now ina drink-
ing bar, ‘mid the fumes of beer and gin, to lose
that gleam of our star—it's a sin! So I cried
out in my pain, I swore by the silver moon,
when I heard that BRYAN’s cane was in a Saloon.
—Dr, JOHN H. Girpner.,

Perhaps some of the philologians will be good
enough to tell a waiting world what ts the
origin of that delicate and classical contem-
porary phrase, “chewing the rag,” “to chew
the rag.” It cannot Justly be called beautiful,
but doubtless it is good; but where did it come
from? Whence and what art thou, execrable
shape?

 

 

 

The Afrikander Congress will open on next
Thursday in the distriot of Cape Colony where
the party was organized and has always been
strongest. The British are sending several
hundred troops to discourage the organization
of any movement not favorable to British
interests; for the Afrikander party is beginning
to show distinct hostility to the present British
policy in the old Boer republics) Many of its
members are said to be actively assisting the
Boers on account of the burning of Boer farms
and the sufferings of the families of men who
are atill struggling for their independence

It is not strange, therefore, that the British
are viewing the great preparations for this
meeting with much solicitude They have re-
fused to permit the running of epecial trains
to facilitate attendance and declare that the
meeting is undesirable in the present un-
settled state of the country. But the Congress
could hardly be suppressed without increasing
the anti-British feeling. It is a delicate sit-
uation and the Government will apparently
take no other action now than to have troops
on the ground in the hope that their presence
will restrain the Afrikanders from inflammatory
or disloyal utterances

 

The Republican victory was due to money, war
and better times. —Col. BRYAN.

We wonder which of these iniquities the
Colonel esteems the most iniquitous? Whielh
injures @ country most—war, money or good
times? flere is‘a theme worthy of that busy
pen and busier tongue.

 

The decision of the appraisers in Havana
awarding $550,000 to MICHARL J. Dany of Brook-
lyn for his claim against that municipality
for the practical abrogation of his sewerage
eontract, made before the war with Spain,
is in direct accord with what the leading oM-
cers of the army who served in Havana pri-
vately admitted would be justice The fore.
most of our army engineers in Cuba, while
opposing the Dady contract violently because
they did not think it the best ecentract for
Havana's interests, admitted that Col Dapy

had an equity entitled to consideration. The
arbitrators have said that this equity was
worth more than half a million dollars Col

Dapy's political enemies have not hesitated
to intimate that his Havana contract was some
what in the line of political jobbery. One
of the appraisers, and the virtual judge
in the matter, is a member of Gen. Woon's
Cabinet.

 

There should be a special meeting of the
Anti-Impertalist League to pass resolutions of
censure against the 2,200 Filipinos who took
the oath of allegiance to the United States
in Vigan Sunday Such base desertion of the
cause of liberty cannot be trounced too flercely
by the thinkers of the league

My name is Sucker Ron Sam, the Mavor of
Toledo; I don't know where [T am, but I
seem much run to seed, O! I'm the real old
People'a Friend, for years I've preached and
spouted; but at the canvass's end, dear me!
how we were routed. I thought that SccKker
Rop Sam would give the Colonel Ohio, but
the people didn't give a rap, which is why I
sob and sigh, OF But Ul save the people vet,
though their thoughtlessness is galling, and
Tl jump from my hole you bet, the minute
T hear them calling.--“Lamenta of the Fallen”
p 23.

 

The Ron. JAMES STFPHEN Hoa, the tall-
est man but one in Texas, is said to have said
that he had lost confidence in the country since
the election. The matter is not moment-
ous, and Mr. Hoaa has plenty of confidence
in himself, It may be worth while, however,
to note that he is one of the most fertile and
ingenious: himoriate in the Southwest. He
fe A corporation bunter turned corporation
lawyer, & bane of plutocrata become a pjuto-
erat, an instructor in dress reform, a rider of
ostriches to saddle: but his chief joy is to joke,
His laugh can be heard from Austin to St
Paul, and it is more than probable that he
doesn't care a dented doit for the defeat of the
Peerless, But he must have his little Joke

——

Marbles, Agates and Reals.

TO THE Eprron or THE SUN Sir) While jook
Ing over some back numbers of THe Sty my at
tention was caught by the heading, ‘Reels, Hick
Priced,” meaning marbles made of agate were high

priced

Of lave years the bova call the old time “ehrystal«’
or glass inarbles, agates and to distinguish the gen
ulne agate from the glass marble they eall the latter
either puresor reals, meaning pure agate or real agate

Asarule | accept without question the bite of
children lore which now and then finds its way to the
paecs of your most interesting paper but your corre
spondent ts wrome on the real question and the im
portance of the error is in the fact that he throws a
atident of boy lore off the trail by the word he naes
and obscures the origin of the term

DAN Brarp

>
The Century's Ctristmas number hae a wealth of

| effective color illustrations appropriate to the season

Ite contents are timely, though not confined to the
subjects that demand notice at thie time of the year
It would be invidious to select any of the contribu.
tions for mention; it can only be sald that the entire
Bumber is excellent and attractive in every way.

4, 1900.

ART NOTRA.

There will he an exhibition of pictures by
WD 1 Dodue at the Amerionn Art Galleries:
bewinning Dee 17, In eonneetion with whieh
Will he shown the collection of butterflies by
the Dentone of Wellesley, Mase, to which
Was awarded a gold medal at the Parie Fa-
hosition this last summer

A small collection of recent paintings by
Hen Foster will he on exhibition at the Del-
monioo @allery from Dee 6 to Dee 12

The Brooklyn Society of Mineral Painters
will hold their annual exhibition on Tuesaday
and Wednesday of thie week, at the Pouch
mansion, 346 Clinton avenue

Applicants for admiasion to the new class
for free-hand etching, under Mr. James D
Nmilie must send in their applications, witha
pen drawing, to the Academy of Design, Am-
Sterdam avenue and 10h street thia weak.
It has been decided to make the class free.

Mr. Martini, the sculptor and desianer of
the Atlanta Exposition medal, and aleo of
the Washington Celebration medal a few
years ago, has been made director of the
School of Medal Die Cutting, soon to be opened
under the auspices of the Academy of Design
and the American Numismatic and Archeo-
logical Society. There is a large amount of
work done not only in the making of medals
but in the making of seala and stampa for
business corporations. So far it has been
done in Europe or by foreigners in the em-
ploy of jewelry firms in this country. The
class will be a free one, and itis hoped that
women will be among the successful students

Mr. J. Carroll Beckwith reporte that the
fund solicited for the maintenance of the
Academy of Design and its schoola now
Amounts to $78,000, most of it raised within
the last year by the Committee on Ways and
Means, of which he is chairman. Speak-
ing yesterday of the needs of the Academy
schools, Mr. Beckwith said: “If we had a
little more money the Academy schools might
be made of so much more value that I feel
that we artists ought to keep on talking until
every rich man in New York knows where he
can put surplus money where it will do a
world of good The schoole are now under
the guidance of men who have swept away
the antique and sleepy methods that pre-
vailed until a few years ago. The standard
of admission is high, but we want only young
people who are ready to work hard and expect
to make a life career. Already some of the
classes are free. Our alm ia to make them
all free, as at the Beaux-Arts In Paris, and if
some business men I know could only be made
to understand what e commercial power lies
behind the ability to draw well and to design
correctly, we could get the money to-morrow.
Five thoneand dollara a year would enable
the Academy to make all ite classes free. We
have the rooms, the facilities and the appli-
eants and all we need is sufficient money to
pay living salaries to the teachers. Just
now we are rather handicapped owing to
the distance pupils have to go from the centre
of the city. I happen to know of five promis-
ing young men who gave up the Academy
echool last vear and went elsewhere because
they could not afford the 10 cents a day car-
fare necessary to get up to Cathedral Heights.
Every year brings us more and more demands
for young men who can draw. There ia nota
manufacturing concern in the country which
does not need designers of some kind. Re-

} cently T came across a capital illustration of

the money value of drawing lessons. A
young fellow of 17, after one term in the
Academy antique class, was called home to
Utica to make a living. He found work at
once in an iron and atove foundry at $7 a
week, making designs for stoves. Within
a year he had a salary of $1,000. The same
financial disaster that called him home
brought from Harvard a young man who had
recently been graduated, but who looked for
a year before he obtained a place as clerk ina
railway office.”

While in Genoa this last summer
Mr. Beckwith made copies of two large
Rubens, one the portrait of a grave, sen-
atorial-looking person in Venetian garb,
the other an allegorical group supposed to
represent Peace and War. The first picture,
which is in the Blanco palace, impresses the
amateur as anything but a Rubens, and in
fact was attributed to Van Dyck until 1aso.
About the allegory, there is no doubt con-
cerning the painter, although considerable
as to the subject. The Italian guide books
call it © Rubens and His Wife.” the French,
“Mars and Venus;" the Germans, * Peace
and War.” Mr. Beckwith's copies will be
placed on exhibition during the holidars,

 

Tonsts to President and Queen.

TO THE Fprror op Thr SUN~ Sir: At the vart-
ous functions held tn this city by former Britons and
at the banquets of such societies aa the St. George,
St. Andrew and FPritish University Alumni, 1 ob-
serve that the toast to the Queen obtatna precedence
to that of the President of the United States. Now
when our German, French, Italian and other foreign.
born citizens assemble together t6 celebrate their
national festivals they very properly give priority
to the toast of the Executive of this nation to whieh
they have eworn allegiance and which ie firet in their
hearts

The well recognized rule throughout the efvilized
world f# that the toast of the President or sovereien
invariably has precedence at public banquets or other
functions held in the country, in which he or ehe is
the head.

This course ts followed at the Thankegiring din-
ners of the American colony tn London where the
toast to her Britannic Majesty ts honored by Amert-
can citizens before that of the President of the Re-
public

An effort bas been made by some apologiste for our
fellow citizens of English birth, to advance the plea
that as the sovereign of England {9 a woman gal-
lantry demands precedence In hee case, ‘The mem-
bere of our Holland societies, who are none the leas
gallant, adopt a different view and drink the health
of President McKinley before the toast of the fair
young Queen Wilhelmina ts honored. It te not the
person who fs distingutlehed, but the office

A few vears ago the Hon, Alexander Fektor Orr,
a former Hriton, endeavored to establish the prece.
dent of giving the place of honor to the toast of
the Queen at the banquets of the New York Cham-
ber of Commerce, ‘The experiment did not meet with
favor and hae not been repeated.

hut why should the Queen's health be favored ait
all at Anerican public functiona; @€hy should tt be
honored first* T. St. JOMN GaPrrygy.

New YORK, Dee. 8

 

 

Fatraaces to the Central Park.

To THR Eprror oF TRE SUN- Sir Last week
the Park Department got an appropriation to make
an entrance for saddle horses at Sigty atath etreet
and Elebth avenue to accommodate the new riding

academy being bullt in Sixty-«ixth atreet. Juat
before getting the appropriation.to shut off opposition
or because te President recognized the neceasity,
he opened an entrance temporary) for saddle horses
only at Seventh avenue and Fifty ninth etreet, the
point In question. This shows how eastly it can be
done; asthe Park roadway comes close to the atreet
wall at this place. If it wae necessary to make an
entrance for saddle horses, how much more so for
driving horses, or, !n other words, a general antrance
for alle AH.

Nov. 24.

Weare sorry that this correspondent does not stable
nearer the entrance on Eighth avenue, but the only
undertaking that THE SCN can join in with him win
be, not to make a carriage entrance at Fifty ninth
street and Seventh avenue, but to ahut up the aaddle
horse entrance there now. The argumente AgAinet
that with regard to the Interests of the Park and of
the majority of the Park users are numerous and
strong, far outweirhing the greater eonvenience of
horse owners of the neighborhood. ‘The fact that a
saddle horse entrance hae been put at Seventh avenue
shows that the present ayetem of despotie contro
possessed by the Park Commissioners, each over his
own bailiwick, should be replaced by the old *eyriem
whereby the Commissioners exerted thetr authority
asa board before whieh the public might be heard
Now noone can know now what the Park Commie
sioner will da and public protest is out of the question

Cana Man Forge His Own Name?
fo VHF Forron or THe Sus —s¢r Did Mr
Goldvin Smith say that a man cannot forge his own
name it can be done. Suppose, for instance, that
my name were Goldwin Smith and 1 should pasa off
this letter on you as from the distinguished publiciat
and get pald for it.
vould be my own name. | would not do anything
a suicidal as to try it on. swe
CHARLES RIVER VILLAGR, Magn, Nev. 29.

That would be forgery and it |

 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
  
   
 
   
   

oS aides -taea ~~

   
 

  
 

TABRANACLE MEMAERA FIONT SALF.

Congregation of O14 Charch May Haliding Was
Sold Without Their Consent.

Argument was heard before ViemChancellor
Emery in Jersey City veeterday afternoons
on @ rule to show cause why the Board of
Tristees of the Firet Congregational Churct
Bergen and Noyd avenues, ahould not be re
atrained from rec elving any money from the
dersey City Lodge of Bikes Noo vit for
Tabernacle, York and Henderson streets
aleo restraining the Bike from improving and
taking possession of the building, The View
Chancellor said he would give a decision on
Thureday

The bill of complaint sets forth that the Res
John 1. Seudder, pastor of the Tabernacle

iver the union of that church and the Mergen
eformed Church as the First Congremational
Church Society, offered a resotution in Decem-
+, 1898, to diseontinue services in the down
town church Trouble then bewan, and it
creased the following year, when only one
representative of the downtown conmremation
was elected out of seven trustees of the church
society, The Tabernacle was closed on April
20 last, and on Oct Ita resolution was adoy tod
at @ congregational meeting instructing the
trustees to sell the building The petitioners
aay they were not invited te attend the meet
ing. The Elks paid $),000) cash and gave a
$19,000 mortgage for the Pabernacie, and the
downtown members ask that in case the sale
is not set aside the court order the amount of
the mortgage held in triet for them | ‘They
allege that the sale of the property to Willinm
ekham, who acted for the Elks, wre tot
made in good faith Mr Peckham, in his
answer, says he supposed that the members
of both downtown and hill churches were sotis-
fled with the etle Willian Rowland, Presi-
dent of the Board of Trustees, allewed that the
Tabernavie was closed because the contributing
members moved to the Heights

the

and

CONVENTION OF THE W. C. T.U.

Mrs. Stevens Delivers the Annual Address -Ad-
dress of Welcome by Clara Barton,

Wastixatos, Dec 8. The twenty-fifth an-
nual convention of the Women's Chri-tian Tem-
perance Union began to-day with its President,
Mrs, Stevens of Maine, in the chair. After de-
votional exercises the roll was called and eom-
mittees were appointed on courtesies, publicn-
tions, credentials and telewrams., Mrs Stevens
then delivered her annual address, reviewing
the work of the union during the past vear
The white ribboners, she said, should not only
be vigilant in helping to secure desirable legis-
lation, but should also help toward the enforce-
ment of good Jaws that already existed. They
should protest against the appointment of
achool superintendents and the selection of
teachers who used aleohol They should be
more active in trying to banish irnpure litera-
ture, indecent pictures, exhibitions and adver-
tising, and should be watehful too, that wood
laws were not mut lated or repealed

A cablegram from Lady Henry Somerset
of England read) “My heart is with vou in
sympathy and love May God bless you and
our @reat cause” A reply expressive of the
appreciation of the National W © TU. was
sent Lady Somerset

At the afternoon session the reporte of the
Corresponding Secretary, Mrs Frve of Ilineis
the Treasurer, Mrs. Barker of Illinois, and the
Auditor, Mra Bigelow of Illinois, were pre-
sented and read, as were alxo the reports of
the State organizers

This evening's session was known as “Wel-
come Night" Addresses of welcome were
delivered by Mise Clara Barton, President of

he American National Red Crosa; HO BF
acFarland, President of the Board of Distric'

Commissioners, and others, and responses were

made by various officers of the WC. TOU

 

NEW HONOR OPEN TO TEACHERS.

Columbia University to Grant B. 8. Degree to
Graduates tn Pedagogy.

At a meeting of the trustees of Columbia
Tniversity yesterday it was decided that here-
after the degree of bachelor of science (in
education) will be conferred on all students
of Teachers’ College who complete the four
years’ course required for qualification as a
teacher. This will be the frst time for a bac-
calatureate degree to be granted by a reeog-
nized university to a graduate in pedagogy

President Low reported that the educational
exhibit of the university at the Paris Fxpo-
sition was to be put on exhibition al the Pan-
American Exporition at Buffalo.

It was decided to authorize the United States
Government to offer free tuition to five Fili-

inos in any school of the university except
he School of Medicine.

 

 

 

TOSS IN VALUES AT GALVESTON.
Depreciation tn Real Estate One-Half Since
the Hurricane.

GALVESTON, Tex., Dec. 3 The depreciation
of values by the storm was strikingly illustrated
to-day by the filing ofa petition in bankruptey
by E. J. Biering, a real estate agent living at

itoheock, fifteen miles inland His total
iabilities amount to $68,88277 and assets to
041,822. Hid real estate prior to the storm was
valued at $128,750. The present value is @33,-
980. The depreciation in property values here
and upon the adjacent mainland caused by
the storm is fully 50 per cent

President Seelye of Smith College to Go Abroad.

NORTHAMPTON, Mase, Dec 38 --President
Seelye of Smith College will sail on Saturday
on the Hamburg-American liner Columbia to
be gone until May He will be aceompanied
by hie wife and danghter They will pend the
cold months in the seuth, mostly in Sicily,
and as erp yeater advances they will travel
north Prof Tyler, head of the Greek depart-
ment, will be acting President in
Seelye's absence

Views on Reorganization by ex-Gov. Stone of

President

Missoari.
From the Louisville Courier Journal
CARBONDALE, Lil, Not 28 ‘What is meant
by reorganization? The party {8 already fully or

ganized, as much soas the Republican party isorgan
ized, ‘The organization is complete as it stands
Now, itis proposed to set aside these committees,

composed of tried and loval Demorrats, and put
bhew committees in thelr places’ If so, how
are the old committees to he set astie,

and by whom, and who will name the new eom
mittees, and of what kind of people would the new
committees be composed’ = A proposition todo a thing
Whe that !s impracticable if desired, and I do not be
Meve that the true Democrats of the country would
consent to put aside faithful and trusted men and
substitute in their places those who were unfaithful
in the hour of trial, even if it could be done

“As for myself, 1 beliere the Demoeratic party
was right upon most of the questions at issue in the
recent campaign, and not wholly wrong on any.
The Democratic party should not and cannot con
alstently abandon the substance of any principle it
has advocated, for it has advocated nothing that is
not Democratic. WILLIAM J. STONR.”

Deoline of Beer Drinking in Wisconsin,
From the Chicago Chronicle.

GREEN Bay, Wis. Nov. 30 Neer drinking |s
on the decrease in Wisconsin“ So says Henry Hage
meister, of this city, Treasurer of the Wisconsin Hrew-
ers’ Association, Mr. Hagemeister asserts the days
of fortune making tn the brewing business have
passed and large brewing establishments now fall to
feturn a falr percentage on the money Invested,

“For this qondition the brewing firms are largely
responsible,” he said. “it's because of thelr practice
of cutting one another. ‘The decrease in beer sales
fs due mainiy to the Increased private consump tion
fn homes and the more than corresponding decrease
in saloon patronage.”

Mr. Hageme'ster explained that when men drink
beer at home they usually drink merely what they
want, and the total consumption in this way js com
paratively small, [In saloons the social phase leads
men to drink heyond the mere desires of their appe
Utes, and the result to the brewer is easily deducted.

Gurnee

 

A Reply to a Criticiem.,

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN Sir Permit one
who has known Dr, Christtan of St. Mary the \ itgin
intimately for years and ts one of his curates. to SAY
(without bis knowledge, in reply to “A Citizen of the
State of Penn.” that he entirely misapprehends the
character of the rector of St. Mary the Virgin, in im
puting to him a disposition know!ngly and through
religious hatred” to forget or be blind to the good that
is In the Roman Church of anywhere else His isa
mind eminently broad and catncic in the best sense
of the term, mont ready freely to reengnize what
good wherever found,
it what mas. ‘

° seem A
manuaerion and i qiinetien was unas aii
overlooking the windoubtedly noble conduct a the
Roman Catholtes in the colons of Maryland, tw
a mistake to correct, not one to rehny ke aia

. The REV. Gronae
141 WEST Forry Spy BNTH St hen opr

Is
'n the Salvation Atmy or be

 

The Late Senator Davis's Fatate.

St. Part, Minn, Dec a. The estate of the
late Renator (. K. Davis will probably inventory

bet tera and $75,000, exclusive of @ val

 

 
 

FAVOR CATHOLIC FRDFRATION.

TAU cutive OMcers ureed on Thee
Votat tation Has 61,000 Meimnhers.

At a meeting of the Paecutlee Council of
the Catholle Total Abatinence Unton of Ameria
held at Weet Siatieth Veatorday
the question of uniting the organization with the
proposed federation of all Roman Catholic
Ceftlesinthe United States waatakenup There
were at the meeting the Rew bb F Mei
euddy of St) Stephen's Church, Worcester,
Mass, President: |) Washington Logue of Phil-
adelphia, Vice-President, the Rew Alexander
PY Dovie,C 8 BP, of New York, General Seeore-
tary, the Rev J 9) Curran of Wilkes-Barre,
Treasurer, and Mre i. M Lake of st) Louis,
Third Vice-President The Catholic Total Ab-
stinence Union of America has a membership
of 81,000, being probably the lar@esat lay or-
ganization in the Koman Catholle Church in
the country

All the members of the councll agreed that
the aMfllation of the society with the proposed
federation would be for the best interests of
the organization, provided certain conditions
were complied with by the adoption of a plat-
form which should embrace the following
principles: The independence of the Hoty
See, the advancement of religious education
and the maintenance of the apostolate of the
press for the dis-emination of sound ideas of
Catholic doctrine In apealing of the result
of the deliberations of the Executive Council
Father Dovle said

The fone of the meeting wae in general
svinpathy with the idea of federation, but not
on the basis of any grievance ‘The neceasity
of a positive programme was affirmed which
would have for its purpose the advancement
of Catholic interests by developing a grenter
activity among laymen Catholics do not
stand before the country in any attitude of
complaint, but are, on the contrary, in thor-
ough harmony with the best inspiration of
the Aimerioun people  Gne principle which
ought to be insisted upon, in the event of a
national federation. ts that of the advance-
ment of religious edueation There is already
among the Catholic laity a movement which
looks to that end Hitherto, the question of
relikious education has been left to the sole
care of the clerey and, therefore, the Inity
have had little sympathy with it and have done
little to promote it Lately, however, the
laity have taken the matter in hand themaelves
and the work of the proposed federation ahould
lie in the direction of directing and fostering
sucha movement ”

  
  

me etree?

 

“JIM CROW" CAR LAW UPNELN.

Supreme Conrt Defines Right to Enforce Pro-
visions Within State Lines,

Wasninctos, Dee 8) The Supreme Court
reassemnbled to-day after the Thanksgiving
recess and announced its decisions in a number
of eases

The statute of Kentucky requiring raflroada
to furnish separate cars on its trains for white
and negro passengers, so far as it was involved
in the proesedings against the Chesa-
peake and Ohio Railroad Company, for faii-

ure to comply, was sustained The com
pany pleaded in defence that the statute
was Unconstitutional, being a regulation by a
State of interstate commerce The State

courts enforced the penalty against the com-
“any, and tt appealed Disposing of the ease
Justice Brown said that, inthe opinionof the
Supreme Coort, the law would be fully com-
plied with if the company would carry the sepa-
rate coaches on its trains only within the limits
of the State of Kentucky The question of
interstate commerce, he said, did not neces-
sarily arise in the case, because the Court of
Appeals of Kentucky had stated that it would
limit the application of the law to passengers
travelling fromone point inthe State to another
pointin the State The judgment of the Court
of Appeals was, therefore, affirmed

Dissenting from the court, Justice Harlan
said the law, in his view, was obnoxious to the
constitutional porns reserving to Congress
the sole regulation of interstate commerce
And further, because in his opinion no State
was competent to separate its citizens inte
classes in public conveyances, that it had no
more power to require citizens of African de-
scent to ride in eeparate cars than it had to re-
quire those of Irish or Italian descent to do so,

 

CRAMP EXPECTS THE ORDER.

 

Torkish Cratser May Be of Raleigh Class, Pro-
tected -To Be Armed Here.

PHILADELPRIA, Dec 8 —Charles Cramp, head
ofthe Cramp Ship & Engine Building Company,
said this morning that he had no reason to doubt
the authenticity of the announcement that
Hassan Pasha, Ottoman Minister of Marine,
and Gen Williams, representing the Cram)
Shipbuilding Company, have signed a contract
for the construction of a cruiser for the Otto-
man navy

“This award, if it has heen made,” said Mr,
Cramp, “means nothing more than the single
order. The Turkish Government will not build
any lar@e vessels on account of certain existing
treaties The vessel we will build is to be a fast

yrotected cruiser of about 8,000 tons, correapond-
ng in class to the Raleigh and Cincinnati. The
plans were submitted to the Turkish Govern-
ment come three or four months ago, and they
included the furnishing of the ten 47-inch guns
The cruiser, finished and armed, is to be delivered
in eighteen months Whatever has been done
as to the indemnity question has been done by
Mr Llovd Griscom.”

“Ta the inclusion of the indemnity in auch a
contract a feasible thing?” was asked

“If they add it to the contract price, and stipu-
late that we are to par it overtotheGiovernment,
of course it is feasible. 1 don't_know that it
has been done The indemnity affair is a diplo-
matic matter, andithas been carried on wholly
by Mr Griscom, who very discreetly keeps his
own counsel Up to the present, I don't know
what they've done about it. Nothing has heen
faid to me on the subject by the authorities.”

FOR A FISH AND GAME LAW.

Pennsylvania Organirations to Have a Meet-
ing to Discuss These Interests.

PHILADELPHIA, Dec 8 ~-An important meet-
ing is to be held in Harrisburg on Wednesday
in the rooms of the Forestry Commission in
the State Capital Building There will be rep-
resentatives of the Forestry, Fish and Game
commissions, the State Board of Health, the
Pennsylvania Fish Protective Association,

 

| State Sportaman’s Association, New Century

SS SNS enemas

Club and other kindred organizations of wide
influence and the object is the furtherance of
mutual interests as well as the special interests
of the three commissions and the State Board
of Health during thecoming sessionof the
Legiaiature

The matters, which concern every repre-
sentative who is to attend, are the preservation
of the wild forest lands of the State the pre-
vention of the pollution of the waters and the
establishment of an effective warden service
for the protection of fish, game, woodlands and
the purity of the rivers and streams Among
the specialmatters will be an attempt en the
mart of the Fish Protective Association, the

ish Commission and their friends in the meet
ing 'O secure united support in faver of a bill
which they have jointly prepared for the better
protection of fish

Yosemite Men Arrive at Cavite,

WASHINGTON, Dec 8 ~The Navy Depart.
ment this morning received the following de
epatch from Admiral Remey announcing the
arrival of several of the Yosemite's officers
atCavite The despatch says

“Detachment marines and some Yosemite’
officers arrived by Alava. left Guam 26th wl
restoration work there progressing favorably.”

 

 

  
 

 

A Protestant Conference in Japan.
Prom the Christian Intelligencer.

‘The Second or more correctly speaking thira—
General Conference of the Protestant Missionaries
in Japan assembled fore'g@ht days, from the 24th tothe
Sistof October in the Y.M.C. A. Hall, Tokio. The
numbers attending were unexpectedly large, over 400,
and with corresponding members introduced reached
480. ‘The members were Invited to a Teception giren
atthe Tnited States legation on the night preceding
the close of thetr sessions. ‘There must hare been
4.0 guests, and ample collation, and the Imperial
Nand In the erounds playing, among other airs, the
“Star Spangled Danner” and “God Save the @uern.”
‘The Japanese gentlemen were many, inetd ng wel
known educationalists, pastors, social reformers and
a Member of Parifament. ‘These all acquitted them
arives ecreditably, and spoke tn the heartlest terme
of appreciation of the objects of the conference. They
were Informally Introdueed and hence more cordial
and natural tn speech.

_——--—_____.,

Meappointment in Lore

From the Westminster Heriewr,

(one sometimes heate the remark “So-and-ae hae
had 4 disappotniment in lore. and it hae spoiled he

woher) life” Spoiled’ Can anys kind of locine
Spo life? Does it not make life larger fuller, rlener
even though it bring with it some eufferine® Proud!)
and thanvfully does the strong soul accept euch «
Derience, Is it not better to love and mias response
than not to know love? Ask those tho hare thrilled
With tte power and fainted with tte huneer Wht.
man could sing: “I loved a person ardentiy, and my
love was not supummeds yet out of this | Reve mace
these esagae