VOL. LXVIIL—NO, 17.

 

BIG STRIKE BEGINS TO-DAY: |

GENBRAL SHUT-DOWN EXPECTED IN
THE ANTHRACITE REGION.

 

 

large Numbers of Miners Join the U at
the Last Moment to Save Trouble and Per-
haps Escape Violence—Bitaminous Men
Dectde Not te Go Ouat—The Situation,

WiLkes-Barne, Pa,, Sept. 16.—Final meetings
of the United Mine Workers of this region
before the great coal strike were held thia after-
noon and miners who had not joined the union
enrolled theit names at the “locals.” They
want protection even though they do not desire
a strike, and this is the one way of getting it.
The organization is now almost solid all the
way froin Forest City to Shickshinny, which
district comprises the cities of Scranton, Car-
bondale, Wilkes-Barre and Pittston and the
big towns of Dunmore, Duryea, Avoca, Minooka,
West Pittston, Wyoming, Kingston, Plaina,
Parsons, Miners’ Milla, Aehley, Nanticoke,
Pivmouth and Edwardsville. Some doubt
was felt regarding the feeling of the Pennsyl-
fa Coal Company at Pittaton, but thelr feel-

vA
ing was expresse | last night and this afternoon,
when almost in a body they Joined the unions.
The leaters now report that with the possible |

exception of a couple of small individual col-
ierfos none of the mines in this big region
will attempt to work to-morrow

\t the meetings held to-day the speakers |

made a jal point of counselling the men
against any outbreak, declaring that it would
nit In the benefit of the compantes,
» militia would then be called out. They
ressed this apon the men for the reason
th rnpantes are gathering a lot of men
in the Hazleton region, where there ts fear of
trouble between the union and the non-union

spe
}

  

 

 

Pe.

 
 
  

  

 

  

 

men. It {4 in that region that efforts are to
be rnade to-morrow to work about half of the
nunes
The business depression consequent to the
strike is already being felt. Several of the big
department stores are planning to “lay off"
a number of clerks: the factories, if the strike
asta long, will be compelled to close and the
itmost econotay is being uaed in the consump-
f ooa That there will be no dleastrous
‘ - sich as wirked oo strikes and
’ a big business men in bankrupt
tent the actions of the merchant
t) ne weet few divs there ha been oo
fdential meetings between the whol sale dealer
+ ton and other ¢
t setion aamalinst losses
dirtne , wae the tonic of dis
It sed that they would
t etal tnera that no more
1 oly » ho sol
ter Monda dist
1. ae amuse
net '
t oT
‘ en) that these only can have
cs ! ! roperty and are willing t
mt notes with the merchants
asa e t a t -- This, it appears
« nvestimation, has been the
we d rogramme all throneh
t r regions
Lhe sie re defermined to protect
« ! ossible lowe and
t ‘1 t ' ted are thow wh
‘ ‘e nee with the retailers
Ir e CRsee tter, who have been doing
we t ave determined npor
c “ ents for { or three
j wer venteries and tuake
out tots ond when they open again they
‘ soot rety cash basis
A vwige party of Huns and slave left te-das
‘ t ivare, fa kawanna and Weeter
Ma tharia goingto their native countriox
anc thers will try to get work in the West
One pres i the situation
N work ho money, no get money, no eat
t n eat. no live’

4 large number of English-speaking miners
are also arranging to go West. Most of them
will go to Montana, the Dakotas and lowa,.
where there now {s a demand for men, and
some few will go to the soft coal regions Agents
from Western towns are here now and are get-

      

ting their liste filled ranidly

With the mine workers of the anthracite
re,fo. facing the strike, the question how
lonw they will be able to hold out ts the chief
One | ge considered now, It is evident that
the companies will make a long flaht. The
men to-day are confident and say they were
never in better condition for enforefng their |

demands by remaining on etrike. If neces-
eary they can, they believe, hold out several
months. Ap old miner said:
Most of the men whom | know can be on
etrlke for ten weeks without calling on the
for aid. But they will of course demand
strike money whether they need it or not, They
have been working good time for some monthe
Then they

past and many have money put by
yve their Angust pay which they got last week.
This was the largest pay they have received

hig as two ordinary months, and it

ears, A

     

their August bills and many of them haven't
j . Then they worked thirteen days this
month steadily, as many days aa they have
freguentivy put in for a whole month. Thia
wil] jast another four weeks, so that there are
three months when the miners will be able to
Jook themselves, After that they will
need aid, but it should be time enough for the
spfon to gather in sufficient money to make a
large fund.”

The leaders have asserted that the unton
has a fund of $1,990,000 on which to start the

alter

  

ftrike and that the donations from other labor

vuons will quickly swell this fund. The opera-
turs, rever, who have made A vartionlar
effort discover the strength of fe union,

declare that it cannot command $100,000
\ big meeting of union_and non-union men
of the Lelbtgh and Wilkes-Barre Coal Company
wos held thisevening at Rolling Mill Hill. George
Fdwards, a clerk in the ems loy of the company,
ce speech urging the mento wo to work

 

     

0 morning, and so disgusted the union
ren that they withdrew Afterward some
of the non-union men made speeches and it

i ided finally not to go to work. It was
al {ded to join the union t orrow.

ry President T. D. Nicho addressed
& big meeting at Plains to-night, the feature

 

of which was the presence of a large number
of women, wives and daughters of the miners
He appealed to them to keep their husbands
&nd sons away from work and they responded
x ‘ “Strike! Strike!” Nichols said he
hod received reports from every local union
' « distriet and was assured that no mine
w 1 be working to-morrow. After the

meeting the women cheered him heartily and

  

 

!

| ances at

senneetinnsetenstiabecatiemenseetinae tn othe ah ae oe
rl , +3

s

 

NEW YORK,

the lodges have only one representative each,
Extreme efforts have been made to keep the
meeting from press and public, but one engl-
heer from the eastern division of the Ene said
that the men were wrought up over the coal
strike and he thought they would refuse to
haul the coal now stored. The ra{lroad train-
men, he sald, were willing to back up the en-

Ineers in any action they might take. The
odges sanding elegates to this meeting bad
conferr bsolute power on them to reach a
qocmion. t ls possible the matter may not be
decided to-night, as some of the engineers say
that there ie no large supply.of coal on hand
and that the strike will be a short one, without
their ald. Members of other labor organi-
zations who have talked with the engineers
are confident that they will go out,

ARCHBISHOP RYAN AS ARBITRATOR.

Coal Company Accepts Him te Pass on the
Grievances of Its Miners,

HazLetTon, Pa, Sept. 16—G. B. Markle &
Co, operating the Jeddo, Highland, Eber-
vale and Oakdale collieries, will make anewer
to the demands of their men within the next
ten days. These demands were drawn up
and submitted by their own employees. If
the answer of the company {s not satisfac-
tory to the men then, according to an agree
ment existing since 1887 between the employees
and the firm, two arbitrators will be chosen,

| one appointed by the men and the other se-

lected by the company, to settle all differences
If these two cannot agree then they will choose
a third arbitrator

John Markle, resident manager of the firm,
this afternoon agreed, on the part of the com-
pany, to accept Archbishop Ryan of Phila-
deiphia as the third party. As the company
is committed by agreement to arbitration,
and as one of the cardinal principles of the
inine workers is arbitration, it is now up to
the mine workers to indorse the action of the
Jeddo men

That they will not do so, however, was shown
to-night when President Mitchell and Organizer
James went to Jeddo and urged the men to
strike, recognizing. aa they do, that if the griev-
the Markle collieries are adjusted
on the absis of arbitration and the mines con-
tinue to work the strike in the Hazleton dis-
trict will not be effective. Mitchell arrived
this evening and took charge of the situation,

PITTSTON PREACHERS ON THE STRIKE.

Father Garvey From His Palpit Denounces
Professional Labor Agitators,

 

 

 

 

Pirrston, Pa, Sept. 16.—There was little on
the streets of this coal town to-day to indicat
' that to-morrow thera will be a great st ;
Thousands thronged the streets The atrike
was the theme In many pulpits to-day. The
« as a rule, regard the strike aa ill-ad-
vi eelng no hope of suecess for the mnen
The most significant pulpit deliverance on the
strike, perhaps, was that from the Very Key,
Eugene A Garve Vicear-General of — the
Catholic diocese of Scranton, and pastor of
St John's Church, this city. Father Garvey
is aman of muchinfiuence. His cougregation,
nirwbering several thousand, is composed
mainly of miners’ families The parish prop-
erty is valued at $200,000

Until to-day Father Garvey had not referred

last them almost two months if they donot |

to the strike in his sermons, but at this morn-
services he bade the mine workers to be

very careful what they do. He dwelt on the
misery that would result from a cessation of
work, especially for the women and children,
and warned them that when It became abso-
lutetp necessary to ight for principle the men
who did must be content with mush and
nolisses Futher Garvey was particularly
eornest fa denouncing the professional labor
agitators and warned his people against then
aud their false progaises. Hs conclusion was
that the men should frequent the sanctuary,
| rather than the saloon and the agitators’ meet-
nes, and pray God to change the hearts of
meh,
| There are forty-six collieries in the Pittston
district. It is freely predicted to-night that
| the six collieries of the Lehigh Valley Coal
Company in this district, together with thirty-
one belonging to individual operators, will be
idje to-morrow. The officials of these collieries
admit that their employees are organized
and that the only thing they can do is to pre-
pare for a complete shutelown Ex}
will be reduced to a minimu i

ing's

enses
| The engi P
| pump runners and firemen alone are secure ir

 

their places, since the pumps are generally

inside the mines and cannot be stopped without
| being lost in the water that would fill the work-
| ings If, as whispered in certain quarters,
| the union attempts to interfere with pump
| runners there will be trouble. The Pennsyl-
vania Coal Company is the largest coal pro-

| ducer in this district It has nine large collier-

jes, each composed of several shafts or
tunnels Toenieht no mar seers able
lt predict with anv degree of certainty
ehather the employees of this company
enerally will obey the order to. strike
| There are unions at several of the collieries,
{but no therough ofganization The older

miners of this company, those who have had
experience in previous strikes, are opposed
to a strike now, but the younger and_ less
thoughtful element is eager for it If the
breaker boys or driver boys take it into their
heads to quit work, as they did at two of the
Pennsylvania company's collieries on Satur
day, it will be worse than tseless to attempt
to operate the collieries The situation in a
nutshell is that all the Lehigh Valley and indi-

 

;} vidual collieries in the district, thirty-seven

in all, will be idle, and that a sufficient number

| of non-union Pennsylvania company workmen

|
}

 

|
j

were followed by the men. National Organ-
iver James spoke at a big meeting at Hudson
and are 1 great enthusiasm. At Sugar |
Noted ish organizer spoke, but the Fng-
Is}-spenking miners, not being able to under-
stand til sent for President Nichols to ad-

to-morrow.

4.1L QUIET AT HAZLETON,

 

Strikers Arrange for a Parade at McAdoo,
Where the Trouble Began Three Years Ago.

day in Hazleton despite the fact that President
Mitchell's strike order is to go into effect to-
morrow morning. The mine workers are not
etronely organized hereabouts and the day
Was put in by the national leaders in recruiting
men and admonishing them to remain firm
and stay away from their work until the strike

tled While the mine workers are con-

hat there will be a complete tie-up, it
thy the colliery officials that the «trike

is asserted |

& pet

 
 

ident

will not be a success. Lattimer, Harwood,
Jeddo, Oakdale, Highland, Eckley, Drifton and
Cranher employing about half the number

s in the region, will undoubtedly be
and if they are not closed down then
workers will not accomplish their
Hiect in preventing the shipment of anthracite
t iTket
s no doubt that the collieries on the
of Hazleton, where in all about 3.000
mployed, will be closed by the mine
who are strongest in that region

  

 
 
 
 

  

the morning at McAdoo
marchog Was begun three years ago which
the clash of deputies and strikers at
tner. It is asserted by the Mine Workers’
there will be no violence, but it Is feared
Mat t} foreigners will resort to the same
! rs for compelling non-union men to
er work as they did three years ago

It is there where

 

 

1OCOMOTIVE ENGINEERS MEET.

May Decide to Refase to Haal Coal During
the Miners’ Strike,

Binonanton, N, ¥., Sept, 16.—A secret
Meeting of locomotive engineers is being held
fn this city to-night. The number of delegates
ls comparatively fow, owing to the fact that

|

| stay away from the mines to-morrow,

|

 

|

 

|

ners bave arranged for a big parade |

|

may report to keep one or two of its six col-
Herles partially in operation

 

SITUATION AT SHAMNOKIN.

United Mine Workers Expect a Complete Shat-
Down To-day.

SHAMOKIN, Pa, Sept. 16.—At the headquar-
ters of the United Mine Workers here this even-
ing the leaders were confident that when the
colliery whistles are blown to-morrow morn-
ing few miners will report for work, and that
inside of a week the collieries of the district
will mostly all be at a standstill, Operators
were equally sure late this afternoon that at
least 60 per cent. of the men would be at work
to-morrow Despite the $30,000 disbursed by
the union and mineral companies to their em-

ployees between here and Mount Carmel last
night, there was little {if any intoxication on
the part of the miners Most of them paid
current monttdy bills and said they intended
to save what little remained to tide them over
the strike crisis. There was no trouble at
any of the mines last night or to-day

Early this morning the fire bosses, pumpsmen
and watchmen went to work as usual Thi
afternoon a mass meeting of mine workers
was held here, between 4,000 and 5,000 being
yresent Samuel Gompers, President of the
National Federation and John Fahy, President

his

Ha7LeTon, Pa, Sept. 16—This was a quiet | of Distriet No. 6, United Mine Workers#of Amer-

They asked the men to
and said
that by united action the strike would soon be
won hey also begged the men not to break
the law, nor indulge in intoxicating liquors
The local clergy to-day advised many members
of the congregations to report for work in the
morning

ica, were the speakers

IN THE LYRENS VALLEY.
Strong Sentiment Against a Strike—Union
Men Vote to Go Oat.

Harrrsacera, Pa., Sept. 16.—There is a strong
sentiment among the 2,300 min
in the Lykens Valley against a strike. The
men there are better paid than any other mine
employees in the anthracite region and many
will cisregard the strike order A meeting of
the 600 members of the miners’ union at Lykens
was held this afternoon in a large grove, at
which it was decide! not to work to-morrow
The mine officials believe, however, that enough
men will go to work to keep the coiliery in opera.
tion, The reports from the neighboring town
of Wiconisco are that the men there will also
stay out.

A secret session of the Lykens union was
held to-night, at which a committee was ap-
yointed to urge All the mine employees in the
Teens region to strike, The 1,100 miners and
boys at Williamstown, five miles away, are
opposed toa strike and the majority will go to

 

ers and laborers

 

| work to-morrow as usual. The union officinis
have not been able to organize the men at
Williamstown because of the refusal of

th
Lykens and Wiconisco men in. the. strike f
1886 to help Williamstown, Sheriff Reiff 4
at Lykens prepared for any trouble which may
occur between union and non-union men
The collieries in this region are controlled by
the Pennsylvania Railroad Company and have

been working full time for several years,

MONDAY, SEPTEMBE

  

 

 

 

 

See Politics in the Game—They Have Memories
Also—Th Good Wages.

ALTOONA, Pa, Sept. 16.—A definite sentiment
fs abroad in the bitumfnous coal fields con-
demning a sympathy strike with the anthra-
cite miners of eastern Pennsylvania. The
opinion, latent until to-day, was manifested at
meetings of miners held at Puritan, Dunlo
and Spangler where there was agitation to get
the men out. Representatives of the anthra-
cite men were present at the meetings and
made impassioned pleaa for a general strike,
but thelr elequence was lost on unsympathetic
audiences

The bituminous coal minera, while always
ready to ald fellow workmen with righteous
@rievances, are suspicious of the strike move-
ment in the anthracite fleld. They see in a
great deal of the agitation the cloven hoof of
Democratic politics and though largely Demo-
crata themselves, refuse to let polities enter
into their struggle for bread. At the meetings
to-day the charges were openly made by the
bituminous men that the hard coal miners
were influenced by outside sentiment. I[t was
said emphatically that even if this were not
ao, the bituminous miners would not tie up the
nation’s industries to please organizations of fel-
low workmen who had refused the same assist-
ance they ask now to the soft coal miners in their
atrikes of 1804 and 1897.

The decision of the bituminous miners re-
moves a dread menace from the strike situa-
tion, Last niglt every operator in the western
fleld was in doubt as to the result of the agita-
tion of the eastern miners’ representatives

Other towns where there Is no organization
would refuse to countenance a avmpathy strike

for a moment The miners of the central fleld
fre enjoying unexampled prosperity Their
wages have never been so high in the history
of mine labor ‘The trouble in the eastern field
will bring even more work and Wages to therm,
coupled with the added advantage of more
cars and greater demand for their products
Sununing up these features, a well-known
coal operator said to-night

‘A strike now in the bituminous fleld would be
simply suicidal to the miners’ interests They
see this, and I rely on their intelligence to keep
in the aafe course they are now following Our
men may contribute to the support of the an-
thracite men: they will do nothing more Poll-
ties is too plain in the movement to attract
more than momentary attention

   

TWO GIRLS SWIM THE NARROWS.

Miss Behr Finishes Ahead of Miss West tn
1 Hour 10 Minates.

May Behr, 16 old f Nine
street and Third avenue, and FI i :
2 years old, of Ninety-third street and Second
avenue, Fort Har 3
yesterday afternoon in 1 hour and 10 minutes
The distance covered was ind a half
The ability of Miss Behr as a immer 1s well
known al! along the shore from B

 

vears

 

est

ilton, swam the Narrow
one mile
“ww

av Ridge to

Fort Hamilton, but Miss West received her
firet lesson in *wimmming durtng the latter part
of June, When ashe chailenged Miss Behr
several dave agoto awit e Narrows her friends
langhed and told her that she was young and
inexperienced

“I don’t care,” said Miss West, “I believe

that I ean do it and certainiy it will do no harm
totry.”

Mies Behr, who is a cousin of Miss West.
accepted the challenge and by agreement they,
with many friends, met at 3 o'clook at Al. John-
son's private dock at the foot of Ninety-ninth
atreet, Fort Hamilton. Half an hour later
the two girls. accompanied by William J. Dunn
of the Brooklyn Rowing Club, dove together
from the pier a swam out from shore. ‘Fhe
swimmers were followed by friends in a row
boat. Both girls used a long breast etroke
and swam slowly until

reaching the middle |

 

17, 1900.—COPYRIGHT, 190
BITUMINOUS MEN WONT GO OUT. ORDERS BOXERS WIPED OUT

 

LSS SSS sss sss ss lls

of the Narrows, when they began to swim |
more strongly
The water was somewhat rough and the

strong ebb tide which was running prevented
them from keeplug on a direct: course. Several
times they were tossed heavily about by the
waves and on two occasions they were obliged
to float on account of wash from the Iron Steam-
boats. They also had to swim through a school
of snappers, which for a minute or two badly

 
  

  

   

 

frightened Miss West, When near Fort) Wads-
worth the swimmers narrow escaped being
run down by an incoming steamer, Miss |
Behr, in coming toward the shore, gaiued on |
her companion and fluished the distance about
two! red vards at {

Aft sting fifteen minutes or more they were

rowed back to Fort Hamilton Miss Behr en-
tered the contest unknown to her parents, tier
brother jost his life while awimming off Fore
Jiainilton @ year ago,

RE-ELECTION MAY CURE HIM,

Novel Plan of Ex- Alderman Broderick's Friends
to Restore His Health.
Yonkers, N. Y., Sept. 16. John J. Broderick
well known by Democratic politicians
mut the State. For years he occupied

is
throughe

the highest position in the Democratic party |
eouncils of Westehester county. For seven
successive terms, covering a period of four- |
teen years, Broderick fiiled the office of Alder-
man from the Sixth ward in Yonkers, He |
never suffered defeat either at the primaries
or elections until beaten by William V. Molloy
for the office of Sheriff of this county in 1897.

In the following fall an independent candi-
date was placed in the fleld and defeated hirm
for Alderman. ‘The double defeat unnerved
Broderick. Business failure was followed by
sickness, and it looked as though his run of
ill-luek would never end. But his friends did
not desert him. They urged him to undertake
a trip to ¢ alifornia for his healt Hie agreed
and in February last, after a reception at the
Vanderbilt Hotel in New York city, he jour-
neyed across the continent

 

   

 

le remained in California but six weeks and |

returned little irnproved in health. Since that
time he has been at his home in the city nearly
always confined to his bed. Expert medical
care has improved him somewhat and now his
friends have under consideration a unique
effort to restore him to his former health. In
the belief that a reelection to office will have
the desired effect the Democratic and Re-
publican voters of the ward have planned to
tender Broderick @ unanimous nomination and
election to his old place in the Board of Alder-
men,

 

MR. SAENGER HONORED.

He Tells at His Reception How He Met the
Kaiser on the Other Side.

Delegates to the United Singers of Brook-
lyn yesterday afternoon in Arion Hall joined
in a reception to Mr. 8. K. Saenger, the Presi-
dent, honor of his return from Europe,
whither he had gone with Arthur (Claassen,
the musical director, at the close of the Na-
tional Saengerfest. He presented to Eme-
peror Willlam a costly souvenir in recognition
of the Kaiser prize Nearly all the forty
societies belonging to the Singers were repre
sented and Mr. Saenger, after an address of

weleome to him from Vice-President August
N Tiemann, told how he, Director Claassen
and Mr. Otto Wissner, who were delegated
to present the souvenir, were received in the
German capital

“Here we we
a Dutchtown

cigarmaker (meaning himse'f),”
said Mr. Saenger, “and we had the highest
honors thrust upon us, First we witnessed
the military mancuvres in which were 50,
soldiers, and then we were escorted through
lines of troops, we three Willlamsburgers, into
the presence of the Emperor We were also
introduced to the kimpreas, For quite a littl
while we chatted with the Emperor and when
our mi-sion had been fulfiled, we were driven
away as il we had been royaity,”

Mr, Saenger refe to the financial con-
dition of the reer rerfest, and denounced
those who had vilitied him after his departure
for Furope. He declared that every penny
he had handled for the Singers was accounted
for

    

   

 

  
 

 

Hiteminoas Coal Miners Prosperous,

READING, Sept. 16.--Businesa men just re-
turned from the biturminous coal flelds in west-
ern Pennsylvania and West Virginia say that
the soft coal miners were never busier than
now and that wages are at high-water mark
Miners are earning from @ to$Saday There
is a shortage of empty cars, and some mine
owners have already advanced prices 20 cents a
ton Another advance will shortly be made.
The anthracite str.ke will create a new demand
for soft coal

Poland Water Leads All,

Prescribed by 5,000 physicians. —Ada }

 

| occupied by their troopa.

three Williamsburgers, one |

 
 

 

ANOTHER EDICT JSSUED BY
EBMPRESS DOWAGER,

THE

Well-Informed Persons at Shanghal Believe
That if the United States Suggest a Plan of
Settlement the Other Powers Will Accept
It-German Minister Was Murdered tn Re-
venge for the Seizure of Kiae Choa Bay.

Spectal Cable Despatch to THe SUN.
From a Staff Correspondent

SHANGHAI, Sept. 16.—-There are indications
that the Influence of progreasive Chinamen
holding high office is having greater effect
on the Empress Dowager than ever before.

Another edict, the second issued by the Em-
press since her filght from Pekin before the
advance of the allied forces, was issued at
Homa on Sept. 9. Init her Majesty denounces
the Boxers and blames them for all the present
troublea. She orders that if they offer any
opposition to the Imperial troops that they
are to be destroyed root and branch. In fact,
the edict practically orders their extermina-
tion

This edict {s{n line with the demands made by
I Hung Chang and Sheng, Director of Railways
and Telegraphs. It is now hoped by the pro-
greasives that a stronger edict will be issued
commanding an absolute reform in the Gov-
ernment before the negotiations begin. It fs
believed that such an edict would greatly sim-
plify matters

It is the belief here among well informed
persona that If, when the negotiations begin,
the United States propose a plan of settlement
and foreefully urge ita adoption the other
Powers will accept it. It can be said without
fear of contradiction that the United States
isthe only powerthe Chinese trust

Your correspondent can state on the beat
authority that the killing of Baron von Ketteler,
the German Minister, waa prearranged by the
Chinese In revenge for the seizure of Kiao
Chou Bay by Germany. My informant says that
the murder was planned early in the uprising.
The Imperia! clan, which eided with the Borers
and plotted with Prince Tuan, was in favor
of killing the German representative, but had
no hand!n the actual conimission of the crime

The arrival at Tientsin of 1i Hune Chane,
who left Woosung on Saturday, will be delayed
by a typhoon, which is now blowing.

EXONIRATE Wt TING-PANG,

Console at Shangbat Suy That Dr, Merrison's
Charges Are Unjust.

Special Cable Despatch to THF SUN

Lonnon, Sent. 17—A despatch to the Datly
Newa from Shanghal says that the British,
American and French Coneuls there coneur
{in stating that the accusations made by Dr
Morrison, the Pekin = correspondent of the
Timea, azainst Lo Feng Lu, the Chinese Min-
ister at Jondon, and Wu Ting-fang, the Chi-
nese Minister at Was).ington, are unjust and

 

! by the facts. Wh Ting-fang
merely transmitted the despatches
1 Kal, which proved unexpectedly

also the edicts, ignoring their

Even in Shanghai that source

unwarrante
apparently
of Yuan Shi}
correct, and
true source
is doubtful

The principal ground of the delay in de
spatching relief tothe Europeans in the capital
was the despairing character of the meesages
sent by the besleged themselves, which led
the world to abandon hope

The same correspondent mentions the re-
celpt of further details of outrages by the
French and R soldiera in Pekin and
Tung-Chow. The forelan newspapers do not
publish these details, and the native press Is
apparently not informed regarding them.
The correspondent predicts that if they are
published there will be widespread trouble
owing to the Chinese abhorrence of violation
of tombs and women

The Berlin correspondent of the Telegraph
asserts that he has knowledge that the details
published br the Loka/lanzeiger regarding the
g of Baron Mumm von Schwartzenburg,
the German Minister to China, and Ii Hung
Chang in Shanghai are inaccurate and mis-
leading. He declares positively that nothing
but civilities were exchanged. There were
some unimipertant general remarks made
through an interpreter. Ti Hung Chang
sought the German representative, who re-
ceived him because a refusal would have been
misconstrued

isslan

 

CAPTURED BOXERS MAY BE SHOT.

Many of Them South of Pekin-Business Re-

sumed to Parts of the Capital.
Special Cable Despatches to THR SUN.
Prom a Staff Correspondent
PeKIN, Sept 10, via Taku, Sept. 18, and
Shanghai, Sept 16 —The Rev. Mr. Owens of

the American Board of Foreign Missions ap-
prehended a Buddhist priest and Boxer and
turned him over to the Russians. The latter
examined their prisoner closely and through
information which he gave they found twenty
other Boxers in the district controlled by the
Russians. These men were arrested and held
for trial. They will probably be shot

The district controlled by the Japanese is
the most prosperous in the elty. The people
who fled from this district are returning and
the shops are being reopened for Dusiness.
The Japanese are paving rent for the houses
The Russian district
is thickly populated, but little business is heing
done there

An expedition made up of American cavalry
will go this week forty miles northeast of Pekin
for the purpose of rescuing Chinese Chriatians
who are known to be hiding in the vartous yvil-
lages in that direction.

The French are making strong efforta to
organize an expedition among the allied foroaa
to go to Pao-ting-fu, where, it is reported,
a few foreigners may Still be alive. A srnall
band is reported to be at Cheng-ting-fu, Army
officers say that there are a large number of
Boxers to the southward, and that a large ex-
pedition would be necessary to cope with them,
It would be diMcult to send such an expedi-
tion owing to the lack of supplies and trans-
portation

Pexin, Sept. 7--Sir Robert Hart, Director
of the Imperial Customs, has warned the Gen-
erals to expect a renewal of hostilities, prob-
ably in November The Chinese troops are
concentrating and moving on the line of com-
munications between Pekin and Tientsin
Gen. Chaffee believes that there are enough for-
eign troops here to hold Pekin against any at-
tack

Mr. Conger, the American Minister, has
learned from a trustworthy source that all
the Americans in Pao-ting-fu were killed. He
believes that there were eight American mis-
sionaries there.

Prince Ching has informed Mr. Conger that
the Emperor and the court are at a village
sixty miles away. He says that the Emperor
is anxious to return to Pekin and make proper
reparation

PEKIN, Sept. 10 —The Russians have begun
a gradual reduction of their force here. They
have withdrawn five regiments. Their strength

is now 8,000 The total international force
numbers 70,000, of which number 22,000 are
Japanese. Baron Nishil, the Japanese Mine

ister, favors withdrawing 15,000 of these and
holding them as a reserve in Japan

The Americans have commenced the construc-
tionofapermanent telegraph lineat Hesiwu. It
will extend from Pekin to Tientsin. The country
is still unpacified, the Boxers not yet being sup-
pressed. Fifteen hundred Germans, includ-

   
 

0, BY THE SU

ing a battery of artillery, commanded by Gen.
Hopfner, went southward yesterday on a secret
mission. It is reported that their object ts

to seize Saingsang, where it is believed there
are many Boxers.

 

WITHDRAWAL OF THE RUSSIANS,

Correspondent Points Out the Danger if Other
Powers Follow the Example.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,

LonpDon, Sept. 17.—The Pekin correspondent
of the Timea, in a despatch dated Sept. 7, refers
to the beginning of the withdrawal of the Rus-
sians, which he describes as a startling re-
arrangement of pians. He deprecates the
withdrawal of the troops of the other Powers,
saying that such action would be a crime of ap-
palling magnitude. It would mean the aban-
donment to inevitable massacre of all the native
Christians and friendly Chinese who have
associated with foreigners during or since
the siege.

To the native Christians and loyal Chinese
the successful defence of the legations was
largely due. They fought bravely and worked
courageously by the side of the foreigners.
The withdrawal of the troops now would prove
their death sentence. No civilized power, the
correspondent declares, can agree to such @
proceeding.

On the other hand, the effect on Pekin itself
of the withdrawal of the Russian troops will
be an unmixed benefit, as the present condi-
tions of living in that part of the city under
Russian jurisdiction js almost intolerable alike
to the foreigners and Chinese ow-
ing to the barbarous conduct of
| the Russian soldiers In other sections
| of the city there is tranquillity. The

shops are open and the people are
| returning to their duties, but in the Russian

 

gectionthe shops areempty, the streets de-
serted, and the people are terrorized, eapecially
the women and children, by cruelty, The
comparison is espectally striking between the
content and order in the Japanese section and
the devastation and terror in the Russian part
of the city

Tbe correspondent confirms the
of the attempted massacre of the Ministers
He says that since the raising of the siege the
evidence of hich officials has established be-
was

reports

yond a doubt that when the ultimatum

sent on June 10 ordering the Ministers to leave
| in twenty-four hours, #afe conduct to Tientsin
being promised, it had been determined by the
Empress Dowager to massacre them all on the
journey, When the Ministers wrote asking
an interview with the Teung-li-Yamen on June
2) it was determined to massacre them at the
Yamen. The assassination of Baron von Ket-
teler was premature. It was regretted by the
advisers of the Eniprese, because It undoubtedly
saved the lives of all the other Ministers and
probably the lives of the entire foreign com-
munity in Pekin

The correspondent suggests an international
von Ketteler at the scene

monument to Baron
of his assassination

He describes Prince Ching’s visit to the Min-
isters on Rept. 7and says thatthe Prince seems
to be unable to realize the position of the coun-
try. The Emperor apparently considers that
all the foreign Governments can be appeased
by the payment of indemnities.

 

PEACE ENVOY.

YUNG LU AS

His Appointment May Not Be Acceptable to
This Goverament,

WASHINGTON, Sept. 16.--Since the appoint-
ment of Gen. Yung 1u as one of the peace envoys
of the Impertal Government to act for China
with Li Hung Chang and Prinee Ching, there
has been an impression in official circles that
he will not be acceptable to this Government in
that capacity, owing to the part he took
as commander of the Impertal troope during
the siege of the foreign legations. The state-
ment was made by an official to-day that this
Government would not be inclined to treat
with Yung Lu unless evidences were given the
Powers that he was not guilty of what has been
credited to himin the reports from Pekir

This Government will await with
the steps taken by Li Hung Chang, when he
reaches Pekin, to have order restored in the
northern province, according to the demand
made upon him in the reply of the U nited States
to the Emperor's edict. Farl Li has assured
this Government that he has taken steps to pre-
further outrages being committed by

 

interest

vent
Chinese mobs upon American life and property
and evidence of his ability to bring about order
{s not yet visible.

 

PRICE ON PRISONERS’ HEADS,

Charges Against the Chinese-Reported Inci-
dent Daring the Stranding of the Oregon.
Victoria, B. C., Sept, 16

vices received from China

Breckonshire to-day the Chinese Government

encouraged the slaughter of prisoners by the

payment of 100 taels blood money for the head
of every foreigner brought in. The day book
of Viceroy Yu Iu, which has fallen into the
hands of the allies, has a number of entries
telling of money paid to Boxer leaders, The
following entries are made

*Taels, 100, paid for the heads of two Ameri-
can marines killed in advancing to the relief

of Tientain on or about June 14. Trels, 50,

|
|
|
|
|
|
for two guns captured on the same occasion.”
|

According to ad-
by the «steamer

This explains the incidents which have been
recounted of the beheading of wounded, When
Capt. Betts and his three marines fell during
the engagement of Admiral Seymour's forces
at Hso arsenal attempts were made to decapi-
tate all. The next night some Chinese were
found hiding in the millet, and, trying to escape,
were bayonetted. Onecling ton bag and when
this was opened the Americans found in it
the head of the dead gunner Watkins.

A characteristic story ts told by the Japan
Advertiser of Aug. 25 of an incident during the
Oregon's accident. It seems that the Chinese
cruiser tiaich!, whose commander, an officer
of Western training, had no aympathy with
the Boxers, was at Taku at the time of the
fight there. Onthe next day, desiring to change
her anchorage, she changed it at the rate of
twenty-four knots orsthe way to Chefoo. Just
before arriving there she discovered the Oregon
lying helpless on the rocks and proffered as-
sistance, which was cordially accepted by Capt.
Wilde. While lying by along came a Kussian
cruiser, whose commander, going on board the
Oregon, irfquired who the Chinaman was an-
chored berond being told of the very
great value of the assistance ehe had ren-
dered, the Russian commander shook hia head
| and said that it would be his duty to take pos-
| eeasion of the Chinese warship whereupon Capt

Wilde said: “Well, I'm @ bit embarrassed just

now, but there is plenty of ammunition here

On

and my guns are in excellent condition.”

The next day the Russian left and Capt.
Wilde, visiting the Chinese commander, ad-
vised him, as he had two or three American
the American fiag

refugees aboard, to fir at

his fore

 

French Minister Arrives at Taka.
Special Cable Despatch to Tre SUN
Paris, Sept. 16—M. Deleassé, Minister of
Foreign Affairs, has received a telegram from
M. Pichon, the French Minister to China, re-
porting his arrival at Taku on Thursday last
He left Pekin on Sept. 1
the women and children of the French legatton

| are well

The New York Central Is First,
| “No railroad company in Great Britain bas so many
| miles of raliroad protected by the lock and block sys
tem as the New York Central.’'--Extract from ad-

dress of Mr. John P. O'Donnell, the English expert
n block signals, before the American Society of Civil
Engineers —Adw
°

RINTING AND PUBLISHING ASSOCIATIO

 

He states that all |

4

 

 

N

In a Fit of Insanity He Fired on Them and
They Shot Him to Self-Defence,

WasiiInaton, Sept. 16.-Gen. MacArthur
to-day reported the death yesterday of Capt
Charles McQuiston of the Fourth Tpfantry at
Mangonone, Bacoor, Province of Cavité. While
temporarily insane Capt. MeQuiston opened
fire on the men of hia company and shot one or
more of them before they, in self-defeno», shot
him. The cablearam follows

“MANILS, Sept. 16.--Charlee MeQuieton (Cap.
tain Fourth United States Infantry) died yester
day at Mangononé, Bacoor, Province of Cavilé,
at 8°30, levening, resulting from @unshot wound
caused by private soldier, Capt. MeQuiston,
in a fit of temporary insanity, attacked the men
of the company, shot one or more and was
shot himself in self-defence. Will send further
particulars when received MacArtTarr.”

Capt. Charles MeQuiston was a native of
Indiana and waa appointed to the Military
Academy in 18798 Upon graduationhe was
assigned to the Fourth Infantry aa Second
Ijeutenant, June 13, 1843, and was transferred
to the Nineteenth Infantry as First Lieutenant,
Feb. 24, 1891, thence the same vear to the Fif-
teenth, the Firat and back to the Fourth Infantry
again on Dec. 8 On July 23, 1808, he was pro-
moted to Captain and arsigned to the command
of Company HH, July 1, 1999.

FALL KILiS JOHN &,

 

RANDOLPH,

 

As Superintendent of the American Art As-
sociation He Sold Famous Pictures.

John B. Randolph, formerly superintendent of
the American Art Association, at 6 Fast Twenty-
third street, dled vesterday morning in the
J. Hood Wright Hospital of a fractured skull.
Mr. Randolph Ilved with his wife and nine
children on the top floor of a flat house at 312
West i2ist street. He was found by
of the tenants at 12:30 o'clock yesterday morn-
ing unconscious at the bottom of the second
floor stairway. They carried him his
apartments and a physician was called, but
when his condition did not linprove his re-
moval to the hospital was considered advisable
Mr. Randolph was born in Seneca Falls, N. Y.,
1858, and came to this city when he was
12 vears old. He attended school In West
Twenticth street near Sixth avenue until
he was 18 years old, when he secured a clerk-
ship in Laavett’s auction rooms in Astor place.
While employed there he developed a ready
instinct in determining the value and the
merit of paintings n 1877 he went to the
American Art Association Mr. Kandolph
superintended and conducted sales of many
farnous collections. He also bought pictures
for many customers

Mrs. Randolph Is left in poor circumstances
Her husband carried a large amount of life In-
surance, but h d recently neglected the pay-
ment of premiums.

some

to

in

 

HIGHWAYMAN HOLDS UP A_ STAGE,

Gets the Treasare Box and 830 From the One
Passenger—Posse in Pursalt.

SAN FRANCISCO, 16.—The Downeville
stage was held up as it swung around a curve
on the road a quarter of a mile below Nigger
Tent late yesterday afternoon. The high-
Wayman stepped from a climnp of bushes on
a slight elevation of the road and pointed his
double-barrelled shotgun at the stage driver,
Lawrence Gaffney. The latter had met bandits
before and he lost no time in pitching the treas-
ure box off on the road. The robber then
commanded the passengers to alight. There
was but one passenger aboard, Fditor Esch-
bacher of the Mountain Mearsenger, and he
promptly stepped out and gave up $30. This
the highwayman atuffed into his pocket,

“Drive on and don't stop,” he sald to Gaffney,
after Eachbacher had clambered into the coach
The team caine into the nearest telephone
station on a gallop and an hour after the rob-
bery the Sheriff and a posse were on the trail
of the bandit. The express box thrown out
by the driver contained nothing of value, The
locality of the hold-up is famous as the stamp-
ing ground of “Black Bart” and other knights
of the road

sept

SHOT FIIS DAUGHTER DEAD.

Davis Also Wounded Her Sweetheart and Then
Committed Saictde.

Cricaco, Sept 16- RastusM Davis, a former

policeman, last night shot and killed his ninw

teen-year-old daughter Eleanor, wounded the

girl's beau, Harry Connelly, and then put a |

bullet through his own heart Davis and the

girl died instantly, but Connelly was slightly |

wounded The shooting occurred on the
street at Bond avenue and Seventy-ninth street,
a block from Davis's home. The only known
cause for the tragedy te Davis's heavy drinking
The police say he had been imbibing very
freely, and was probably Insane from liquor
before the shooting The man had treated
both his wife and daughter brutally during his
drinking. Because of hia erueltvy Eleanor
had left home several weeks ago She lived
with Mrs. L 8. Hunter, a nefghbor, at 187 Seven-
ty-ninth place

Connelly had been courting Miss Davis for
ayenr He save that prior to last night her
father had been friendly to him and had offered
no objections to his visits to the young womar
The murder was deliberately plannec Davis
waited at Seventy-ninth street and Bond avenue
until Connelly and the girl came along, when
he approached them and, after a few words,
drew his revolver and began shooting

CAMPAIGN BANNER BURNED.

Port Chester Repablicans Set Off Fireworks
and Lost Their Emblem.

Port Cnrster, Sept. 16--The first banner
in the village bearing pictures of McKinley
and Roosevelt was strung across the square
at 8 o'clock last evening after which, amid
much enthusiaem, there was booming of cannon
from the battery of which ex-Congressman
William L. Ward is captain and a fine display
of fireworks. In the midst of it some one
noticed that the banner was on fire, but it was
too late to save it, although some wanted to ca)
out the Fire Department. The loss ia about
$150,

Another banner is to be secured at once,
but no fireworks will be allowed at the raising
ceremonies,

Odell Sells Out His Interests in Gas Companies
to a Syndicate.

Povonkeepsir, Sept 16--B RB. Odell, Jr,
of Newburgh has sold out his interest {n the
Consumers’ Gas Company and the Consolidated
Gas, Electric Light, Heat and Power Company
in that city, to a syndicate, of which F R Bain
of this city is a member The transaction
involved several hundred thousand dollars,
When the companies are reorganized it is ex-
pected that Mr Bain will be elected President
and manager The plants will be wreatiy
improved Engineers have been busy several
weeks looking over the ground and preparing
plans

 

 

The Wisconsin's Trial Trips.

San Francisco, Sept 16—The new battle
ship Wisconsin was to have made a preliminary
trip in the bay yesterday in order to try her
machinery, but the contractors could not coal
the vessel. The work of coaling will be hastened
however, and by to-morrow the bi battleship
will be ready for a spin) On Tuesday she will
leave for Puget Sound to go in the Government
dry dock at Port Orchard, returning here in
about ten days te take on another supply of
coal, when she will sail for Santa Barbara Chan-
nel for her official trial trip

 

six Lambe:imen Drowned.

bau CLAINE, Wis, Sept. 16 Six men were
drowned several miles north from the city to-
night in a flerce blow on the Eau Claire River
The victims were John MeQuiston, Andrew
McQuade, John Litera, A_P. Parr, T. Cameron
and W cm eregerecs. = men vee ata ber.
men and were crossing oud 4 Claire River
ina.bateau, A squall struck th} craft,

Fair and cooler to-day and to-morrow,

 

$$$ $$$

PRICE TWO CENTS.

a a ———-}

 

EVERY ABLE-BODIED MAN FORCED
TO WORK IN THE CLEARING UP,

No Time for Church Services on Sunday
~Military Authorittes Set All Hands at
Labor—More Than Sixty Bodtes
Recovered Yesterday and Barned—Spirit
of Confidence and Energy im the Place
~The Reception of Supplies and Their
Distribation—Help for the Sufferers Along
the Coast Gov, Sayers Engages 4,000
Men to Continue the Work of Clearing Up.

 

GALVESTON, Tex, Sept. 16.-For the first
filme «ince this island became the hablitas
tion of Christian people Sunday passed
without outward observation of the day
as such ‘To-day in all things outward waa the
Rane AS Vexterday It was dig, dig, dig, pull,
Pull, pull, lift, lift, lift in the piles of débria

At Inst the time has arrived when there is
“no respecter of persons” among Adjutant-Gen-
eral Scurry and his subordinates in the matter of
prosecuting what is terrned “cleaning up the
eity Heretofore in the large squads of men
emploved at this work exceptions have been

made for compulsory service of those who had
private or personal business to claim their
atteution, such as trying to save the remnant

of @ wrecked home or business house, or nure-
ing relatives or friends, sick or injured, as a
result of the storm

Last night Adjutant-General Scurry iaeved
order that exceptions would no longer be made;
that all grades of citizens must assist inthe work:
that no able-bodied man must be permitted
to escape this service, These orders were en-
forced to-day. The military forees under
Gien, Scurry this morning began impressing
every one into the ranks of the cleaners. Mer-
chants, professional men, accountants in the
big offices, stood side by side under the glare
of the semi-tropical sun with draymen, long-
shoremen, mechanics, cotton rollers and other
elements of the day laboring population, wielde
ing axes, picks, mauls, pushing shovels, epades,
pikes, rakes, hoes, and any other implement
that was available for the work in hend,
Four “watehes,” as the work periods without
relief are termed, were enforced by the mill-
tary guards, and rich and poor worked as
mates in hauling the remains of former living
beings away in carts to the heap spota, where
fires were to consume the sickening mass,

The piles of débris still give up their dead.
The official report at 4 P.M. showed that sixty-
three bodies had been dug out during the Sun-
day workday. Although remarkable progrese
has been made thus far in the “cleaning up”
process, still more than one-half the streets of
the city are blocked. Operations thus far bave
been confined to the streets of the business
district. Few of the residence streets have
been more than superficially explored. The
relief committees did their work to-day the
same a8 yesterday, Several more large con-
signmients of food, drugs, disinfectants, cooking
utensils and other articles of house furnishing
arrived by boats from Houston and Texas City.

The first collision between the elements
for preserving order and for enforcing military
rule occurred here to-day. Private Crowley
of the Dalias Rough Riders attempted to arreat
an armed guard whom he did not recognize
aa such, and was severely wounded,  Identi-
ties were established before the collision be-
tween troops and guards became more serious

To-day hope and determination seized the
people It was the spirit that turns defeat
into victory. There was no complaining, no
expression of want of confidence. There were
hope, zeal and determination on all sides.

Down the island and on the mainland the
work of interring the dead is conducted with
the same system asin town. Looting and the
desecration bodies has ceased since the
military assumed charge of affairs and are
cooperating harmoniously with the civil au-
thorities. Sheriff Thomas {fs in charge of the
isianddistrict and is directing Intermenta andthe
recovery of property thera United States Mar-
ehal Grant has received full authority from Gen.
Sourry and isdirecting affairs on the mainland,
aided by a troop of Rangers who are ordered to
make short work of looters and arrest all suse
picious characters. The Rangers and the mili-
tia and civil guards stationed at Texas City
and Virginia Point are under the direct or-
ders of Marshal Grant at these two points of
ingress into the city. All craft ply between
Virginia Point and Texas City and no person
ean embark or disembark at theae points with-
out his permission unless having authority
to do so from his supertor officers

The destitute wishing to get to friends itn
the country obtain free transportation and are
being sent out of the city as rapidly as the
limited transportation facilities at the dispo-
sal of the Committee on Transportation wil
permit. The owner of any water craft or
ralway found guilty of charging more than
the regulation fare will be arrested and se
verely dealt with. Much complaint has existed
about exorbitant charges by boata and the
railroads running from Texas City. This has
been cured by a astringent order from Gen.
Scurry, who has been at work diligently to
adjust affairs properly so that no deserving
will be imposed upon. His task has
been, and still hereulean, but he is meet-
ing it intelligently, With the increase in force
of the Dallas Rough Riders and the Tresivant
Rifles, the latter company arriving to-day,
(jen. Seurry will be better able to meet the
exigencies of the oceasion aa they arise.

Mayor Jones said to-day there would be no
let up in the work until the entire aity was
cleaned and disinfected. Dry goods stores and
clothing houses resemble great laundries and
every available space is oocupied with goods

of

person
is

hung out to dry. Fortunately the weather
is clear, hot and dry for this purpose, Thore
merehants whose stocks were but slightly

damaged have done a@ rushing business and
so have the restaurants, whose stocks are very
limited. Fresh meat is difficult to obtain.
Extortions are rare exceptions although the
supply of food at hotels and restauranta is
limited. This will be overcome in a few
davs. All the railways terminating here
have united upon one bridge and are pushing
the work night and day with a large force re-
constructing it. The tracks are being restored
the island and mainland by large forces
which it ie confidently asserted will give this
stricken city rail communications by Wed-
needay next. If this is done it will relleve
the existing situation wonderfully aa all sup.
Ties are now brought tn by boat

Ihe injured and sick, under the thorough
started by the boards of health and
local physiclans aided by volunteers from
the outside, are receiving every care and at-
tention and are doing as well as could be ex-
pected under the circumstances. Relief sup-
plies are rapidly coming by boat and rail from
all quarters as well as financial ald. To-day
C. Mel). Robinson, chief grain inspector, re.
ceived the following telegram from Cammond
and Snyder, Baltimore

“With great satisfaction we to-day learned
of your safety. Our exchange has raised over
$5,000 in the interest of your unfortunates.
More to follow

This firm shipped from here by the 'Spantah

on

feamer Ramon De Larrinaga for Newoaatle-
on-Tyne over 200,000 bushels of wheat. While
lying at the wharl she was caught in the atorm,

rode it out safely and sailed immediately after

ibsidence
All churches in the city

its »
either belong wrecked
or ruined, with but one or two exceptions,

church services were suspended fenerally.

Mass was celebrated at St. Mary's