aes

aX.

can

 
  

   

taken to Houston and provided for in St, John’s
Iofirmary. Most of the occupants at the time
the building fell were downstairs, but these
children with several others were on the upper
floor. When they felt the building was about

SE
thigamorning and was largely attended, Father
Ktrwin preached an eloquent sermon, in which
he epoke of the awful calamity that had befallen
the people. After expressing sympathy with
the afflicted and distressed, he advised all to
go to work in burying the dead, that was their
firet duty, to bring the names of the widows
and orphans to the church and to rest assured
of their being cared for; not to lose « onfidence,
Back of them the burnanity of the world atanda
with relief

This young priest has done yeoman service in
relieving the indigent, caring for the wounded, J
comforting the bereaved and burying the | Galveston. fe said
dead. Bishop Gallagher, who has been earnest “In the course of my rounds I saw a family
and active in his efforts to mitigate suffering { of six half naked and they appeared crazy
and extend comfort, is in receipt of a telegram | and would look into the face of every stranger
from Archbishop Corrigan of New York, say- | with a vacant stare that was pitiable In the
ing that the diovese of that city would see that | extreme, They were hurrving in the direction
all Catholic orphan children sent to his care | of the places where provisions were being dix.
would be kindly provided for. To-morrow a | tributed, They had lost their homes and had
census of Catholic population will be begun | only the clathing on their backs There were
to ascertain the number of widows and orphans | thousands in similar condition,
caused by the storm and the exact number of “There are at least five hundred persons here
Catholics and Catholic families that perished whose minds have unbalanced, and

The Grand Lodge Committee, 1 OO. F, waa] some have lost every vestige of their mental
here to-day and organized local relief cominit+ One came under my personal ob-
tees to look after and care for the sick and | servation. His name is Charles Thompson, a
destitute of that order, for whom an appeal | gardener. Heoceupledaroom above me at the
haa been nent to the lodges of the Union for | hotel, and during the night he kept raving and
relief pacing the floor, and kept calling on God to

The keeper of the life-saving station at the | witness his actions. He has lost his family and
western extremity of the island got in to-day. | home, and by a miracle saved himself. As
He reports the station gone and that a frightful | soon as he was out of personal danger, he began
scene of desolation exiata there Hereporta | to rescue women and olitidren, and saved sev-
that 180 bodies were buried there enty persons, according to a man who knew the

TRYING TO SAVE STRANDED STREAMERS He then lost his mind He
h excitement at the hotel that

a@ desperate struggle managed to catch to a
branch of atree, Thus they remained all dur-
ing the rest of the hurricane, The next morn-
ing they were found bruised and bleeding,
almost numb with the cold and thirsty, hungry

and nearly dead
4. Fernandez arrived here toenight from

become

faculties

elreumstances

created so mt
Capt. Paige of the British steamer Taunton, two policemen were detailed to capture him
carried by the storm twenty-six miles He heard them approaching, and leaped out
up the bay and grounded near Cedar Point, of a threeetory window to an adjoining bulld
arrived here to-day and denied the report ing. Hin fall was somewhat broken, but his
that the bottom had been torn out and she hody atruck againet the window in my room
had ten feet of water in her hold fie said He waa badly injured, but continued his mad

undoubtedly some of her bottom plates were
sprung, but otherwise she had s istained
litleinjury. He believed ale could be sucopss
fully floated by dredging a channelinto her and
Clark of the

flight. He baMled his pursuers and escaped
This occurred at § o'clock this morning

GALVESTON'S RETURNED COU RAGE.

was here to confer with Capt
re Co any with that end in .
a Dredging Company wi ent The Various Steps That Marked the City's
view Recovery Day by Day.
The same company have taken the contract i ; . ; ;

to dredge and float out the British GALVESTON, Tex, Sep 16. Seven days
Hilarius, the Benedicti, Kendal Castle and iave wrought surprising changes in condi-
the Rome, all of chee yenels grounded tions at Galveston. On Sunday last the peo-
by the sterm Capt Clark expreeses ple did little but go about dazed and bewildered
the belief can be suceessfully floated by wathering a few hundred of the bodies which

were in their way On Monday the born leaders

dredging channels to themand hauling them

wan to forge |! ’ “~ abma ‘
Into them. The most difficult propositions will began to fore n front. They came from
be the floating of the Roma, which Is all grades of life. One waa Hughes, the long-
partly laden with wheat and which will have shorermnan. Bodles which lay exposed in the
to be discharged. She lies aground on a atreeta and which had to be removed some-
reef west of the railroad and county where lest they be stepped upon were carried
bridges. She has a 40-foot beam while | '"'? 4 temporary moraue until 600 lay in rows
the draws to tl bridges are but 42 on the floor, Then a problem such As no other
ie f 1 2

feet wide, vet with but two-foot play Capt American community ever faced was pre-
eve sente ’ p ’ f ) hose

Clark believes he can haul the Roma safely = In —— divposal of — tho
voile f "s ply a , ‘ av
through. If successful in bringing her safely to dies was 8 aolutely necessary to save
the living Then {t was that Towe and

the docks his company will receive $85,000, if

, » and Sealy 16 othe » by come
not they will receive nothina. McVittie and Sealy and the others who by con

mon impulse had come together to deal with

‘ > » T >
sas “chcdaslae oe " ie tae a . the problern found Hughes. The longshore-
never encountered auch a terrific storm | 4" had to have helpers. Some volunteered;
as that of last Saturday. After the others were pressed into the service at the
storm he removed from his compass point of the bayonet. Whiskey by the bucket-

ful was carried to these men and they were
drenched withit. The stimulant was kept at
hand and applied continuously. Only in this
way waa {t possible for the stoutest-hearted
to work In such surroundings

Under the directions of Hughes these hun-
dreds of bodies already collected and others
brought from the central part of the city, those
which were quickest found, were loaded on an
ocean barge and taken far off ito the Gulf to
be cast into the sea

The leading citizens on Tuesday perfected
their organization. They divided the work.
They went at their various duties with a spirit
which spread through the community. The
faint-hearted took courage; the lawless ele-
ment, Which had seemed to be so terrifying
and dangerous on Monday, slunk away

hermetically sealed and supposed to be abso-
lutely air and water tight, a half-gill of water.
The masters of other grounded vessels reported
the same experience with their compasses Al!
of to-day a large force of men were employed
on the water front removing débris, righting
upturned cara, manv of which were loaied
with grain whiob is damaged, clearing tracks,
reconstructing partly destroyed whorf sheds,
to be in readiness to handle business when the
railroads begin to bring freight into town.

AID FOR COAST SUFFERERS.

Two Train Loads to Be Sent From Dallas
~—Refagees in That City.

DALLAS, Tex, Sept 16 —Mayor Cabell of Dal-

las and the relief committee were busy all day.

 

 

Their attention has been turned to the coast | tary rule was made systematic and regular
country sufferers outside of Galveston. Two | When Tuesday night came there was in sight
relief trainioads are nearly ready for ahip- | the glimmer of hope for Galveston's future
ment, one to Angleton and the other to Ve- | On Wednesday, Thursday, Friday and Satur-

day such {mprovement in conditions came as

lasco. These trains will leave Dallas to-morrow
gladdened the hearts ofall

morning under escort of a detachment of the

Dallas artillery They will carry principally It must not be inferred from this that as
bacon, flour, clothing, drugs, disinfectants | the daye passed Galveston found losses of life
and cooking utensils Refugees from Galves- | and property to have been exaggerated. Such
ton and the coaat country are beginning to | was not the case, On the other hand, these
reach Dallas in such numbers as to demand | people learned that their Runday estimates

were mere miesses which fellfarshort. It was
thought sufficient on Sunday to place the dead
at 1.000 A week has passed and the conserva-
tive, it might be sald the semi-official, state-

They come in a deplorable
condition. Mayor Cabell this evening issued
a call for his rellef committees to meet at the
City Hall to-morrow morning to take measures

epecial attention

to provide for the comfort of the unfortunates. |" enta swell the number to not less than 5.900
It te likely a camp will have to be established Indeed only to-day Mr. MeVittie expressed
the fear that the total might be 6,000. That is

in the suburbs of the city

The refiigees that arrive from the coast coun-
try bring stories of terrible devastation. From
Alvin southwest through the cotton and sugar
Jand country to Velasco all is ruin. The region
as a whole is still water soaked and difficult to
penetrate But enough is known to establist
Itasa certainty that nine
are either entirely destr

out of a population of 88,000
“Decimation” is the word often employed to
emphasize destruction of life was
“decimated” twice over by storm. It
took on the part of these public-spirited men
} a good deal of boldness to lay down the law
tenths of the buildings that the support tendered by the country must
wed or badly wrecked | be earnea and to enforce it
and that the dead and injured not vet accounted | (Galveston felt that they bad clatms upon charity
for will reach Indred The | and rather resented the dectsion which
loss in live stock is almost complete pelled thern to render an equivalent in labor
- though it was fortheirown safety. But the ma-
jority backed the leaders in theirstand. Before
two days had passed the whole community was

at work cheerfully, To-day a tour through the
city, up one street and down another, showed

CGralveston
this

Some people in

several | persons

Gov. SAYERS HIRES MEN.

Contracts to Pat 4,000 Men at Work in Gal-
veston Clearing Up the Place.

~ : the greatest activity. Thousands, and not
Averix, Tex. Sept. 16.-Gov. Savers and | hundreds, of men were dragging the ruins
his office force had no rest to-day Many eon- | into arent heaps and apply ing the torch Oo
» eeniee : : casionally they came upon the remaine of human
tributions were received and the Governor | joinga apd hastily added them to the blazing
spent a busy day directing the work of dis- | heaps. But it is notable that much less is said
tributing the funds and providing means for | now about the qone than quring the early days
her ie '} stressed city of Gal- The minds of the people who survived have
the further relief of the distressed city of Gal passed from that phase of the calamity They
veston and the thousands of human sufferers no longer dwell upon the number of those
He contracted for the employment of 4,000 | who are gone A soldier standing guard at a
laborers who will be used for removing the | place on the beach where these fires were burn-
Ing thickly was asked if the workers were still
débris from the city and island and to wet the | finding bodies
building sites in condition for rebuilding Yes,” hereplied, “a good many

Three days ago the Fame soldier would have

N of the mer also be emplove 1 re-
fany of the men will also be employed in re gone into particulars. He would have told

storing the sanitary condition of the city. These | jow many bad been found in this place and
laborera will be kept employed for thirty days | in that rhe commander of one of these can e

or longer if necessary and will receive no into headquarters to deliver a report to Co]
ie we , = © 91.00 8 MeCaleb He had nothing to say aut bodies

day. They will be pad out of the general but wanted to tell that a trunk in fairly gooc
relief funds. The cash contributions so far | condition, with valuable contents, had been
received do not aggre@ate $800,000, A much | taken out of one heap and that the owner might

| be found through marks of identification whi
larger amount than this is needed and the Gov- | pe had noted So it goes: the thought is rm
ernor urges that there be no lapse of the work | the living rather than of the dead Jt ts well
of raising funds for the relief of the sufferers to be so '
T | | Passiug along ‘Tremont and looking up and
‘en more carloads of lime went forward from down the cross streets, one sees hundreds of
here to-day and will be distributed | wagons and carts being loaded high with the
over the city

fragments of building materials A® quick
While there is some there has been | & the reftise can be taken up it is hauled to
no outbreak of an epidemic and it is now thought

lilwearally

 

sickness,

vacant spades and added to the boufires whieh
burn continuously Galveston ts going through

none will occur State Health Offfloer Wo Fk a kind of purification by fire” Full of eon.
Blunt has been instructed by the Governor | fdence, ind even optimistic are the expres-

sions of men who have taken the lead in this
to remain and direct the sanitary improve- | erisis Said Col Lowe of the Galveston Newa
ments It is Dr Bhint’s opinion that the slime | this evening

In two years this town will be built upon a

 

 

Mili-,

5 f ve » isl w | atic |
left all over the island by the inundation will scales which we would not have attained so
ast asa preventive of sickness and that the | quickly without this devastation 1 take it
fears of epidemic are groundless for wranted that when the Southern Pacifle
nanagement eald to {ts representat!
The Governor this morning exp . management sald representatives, as it
: : abil oe & expressed his | has said, ‘Build a bridge ten feet higher than the |
hearty approbation of the splendid contribution | old one and put on double force to do t.’ our
by the people of New York and other large citles future was nasired We shall go forward and
towns and communities of the country Cole | teereat the city. We shall have some or

strictions as to rebuilding Hnes, especially on
where the greatest loss

ramshackle way it

legtions for the sufferers were taken up by thou-
gands of churches throughout the

the beach side
sustained The

8 were
which

and
too much construction has been done f rinerty

Texas

 

whole country to-day These will begin to ill t ttl
w wee e past
arrive to-rnorrow If any one had predicted last Sunday or
There was no cessation of the work of restor- | Siunday that by Friday or Saturday Galveston
ing the conditi of Galveston to-day Adiu- would be dotng business at the old stand, he
; : would have been langhed to seorn What
ant-General Thomas Scurry has taken bold | the grain men are planning very fairly tells
of affairs there with an energy that has already | the story Tt applies to all tines of business
9 . ’ t ry ’ |
accomplished muct There was no. idleness ne - ti Pas a tae 7 te of wheat
cores and elevators Iperstructures of the
or Sabbath rest in the devastated city to-day elevators were carried away and in other wavs

Every able-bodied man continued to assist in | the ITNT ise buildings were soniewhat dar
the carrying out of the plans for the relief aged = These indefatigable people are to-day

“ the perfecting their arrangwement® to save that
of distress and the removal of the débris The | grain and export it

(ine of the encouraging development. .
in reward to the forts and the defences The
Government had expended upon Fort Croekett

Governor |
Galvestor

is been urgently requested to visit

and make « personal inspection and

  

 

   

 

 

Investigation of the conditions of things there and ut Fort San Jacinto over @1.000.000
and it is probable that he ma ke the visit | Ute me fthisislos! Quartermaster Baxter
. eporting upon the condition wired tr he
the latter tof the present we Ss Fepo i « » the
er par f the ye ok when t Departinent 1 fear Galveston is destroved
rush of receiving contribu " ver beyond its ability to recover "
The percentage of childre ‘ the flood sman Hawley, as soon as the
ter ; inion wi “Tre, prote
was heavy At the Ory Hew there were 1 or fan ot Wor cae ar
about one hundred 1 fftes ideas nd ft s atatament in No way renresenta ie.
of this number three were saved rhe |‘ tIveston citizenship and the determined pur-
three fortunate tots are Praneis Dews Albert pose to restore the city Referring to the mat-
Campbell and James Murphy = Sea nen
P “ ume furphy Vhe were Stops the Cough and Works Off the Cold.

found alive in a tree
tution the next

ear the ruins of the insti-

have

Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets cure a cold tn one
| day. NoCure, No Pay. Price25 cents. Ade.
. 6

morning They been

      

to go they Jumped out of a window and after |

swept away and widely scattered

THE SUN,

ter in conversation to-day, Mr. Hawley said
he could not find language strong enough to
express his sentiments of the spirit displayed
by Capt. Baxter

“A soldier,” he said

 

“should know no fear
and Capt. Baxter ix before us to-day a soldier,”

Mr. Hawley's message to the Secretary
brought prompt reaponse, It was to the effect

  

   

 

that the Government had no idea of abandon- ,

ing the plans for sea coast defences on Galves-
ton Island his was followed by an official
order calling for estimates of the amount of
dutmage done to the forts and for recommenda-
tions for construction. The reception of this
news from Washington did much to strengthen

the better spirit of the community Gueriere
inaster Baxter has departed from Galveston,
He is not expected bach The comments of

  

Galvestonians upon his message to Washington
are not cordial

ARRIVAL OF RELIEF TRAINS.

The Help That Came to Galveston From the
North Parifying the Town,

GaLveston, Tex, Sept 16 -—-The
and generous stream of relief that is pouring
into this city from every quarter of the Union
hos done mueh to Inspire the people ‘Two
rellef trains arrived yesterday One of them,
the New York Herold train of fourteen solid
cars in charge of Capt Koach of the Trezevant
Kifles, arrived from Dallas, where the supplies
were purchased Generous contributions were
made by the Herald through the Dallas News
This waa the first contribution received from
the north for the relief of Galveston’s suffer-

broad

This train was accompanied by the Dallas
Riders under command of Capt Pad-
Following the #fcrald train with flying

era
Rough
itt

streamers was the New York Journal relief train
dining car and a
car were the

consisting of sleepers,
baggage Car In the baggage
medicines, food for the sick and miscellaneous
irticles for immediate relief They brought
tents and have opened an emergeney hospl-
tal on Ball High Sehool square, where they are
already actively engaged in dispensing relief
to hundreds

A large number of bodies yet remained dis-
western and south-

two

interred in the extrema
western parte of the city, which was completely
obliterated by the storm. Burying persons
who were drowned outside the city is assigned
to Sheriff Thomas, who has a large posse en-
waged in work. The Sheriff and twelve
deputies, assisted by three colored volunteers,
burned fifty-two bodies yesterday outside the
city limite Among these were the bodies
of two nuns and seven children of the Catholic
orphans’ home. They got $00 from one body,
and a box of jewelry and a note book were
taken from a woman's body Ir seemed to
indicate she had been a dressmaker. Fred
Reechier, one of the Sheriff's deputies, buried
thirty-six bodies within a mile and a half of

this

 

the city limits Thirty-four dollara and fifty
eents was found on one body

Sheriff Thomas says that there are still
100 bodies to be buried Just outside the

city limits and he has no idea how many more
there are down the island. He urgently ap-
peals for volunteers to assist in the humane
work of burying the dead. In what is known
as Hurd's lane, just west of the city. limita,
forty hodles were reported by one who had
heen engaged in the work of burying them
How many perished in the cataclysm of a
week ago will never be known. When the
ruins of wrecked buildings are removed it Is
expected that many bodies will be found under
the mass of brick, {ron and timber that now
fill the space of once sightly and costly build-
ings) The mass of brick and mortar of a large
three-story building at the southeast corner
of Strand and Bath avenues is supposed to
be the tomb of five young women who found

employment therein, and perhaps others
There ts no telling the number of missing,
and almost every newspaper man in town

and a large number of citizens are constantly
in receipt of telegrams inquiring the fate of
relatives

The cleaning of streets and alleys of aceumu-
lated filth and débris and disinfecting with
ime and carbolie acid is being vigorously pros-
ected throughout the business part of the
city, and its sanitary condition Is Improving.
At noon yesterday the electric taht and power
company suceeeded in wetting their machine
ery started and last night buildings tn the heart
of the city were supplied with light and electric
fans were again in motion. This, with an
abundance of water, {8 a great relief to the
suffering people

Contractor Stewart says he will have Ele-
vator A repaired by to-morrow ao that. vessels
can receive grain from the chutes. He esti-
mates the damage to this elevator at $10,000
Elevator B is badly wrenched. Conveyors
were carried away and damage was done to
the bullding that may possibly require the ex-
penditure of $50,000

The steamer Alamo of the Mallory Line sailed
last evening for New York and the steamer
Lampaasas of the same line arrived. This
makas three of thelr staamers in port with
cargoes which cannot discharge until the wharf
{s repaired and rail communications are estab-
lished. The (Cialveston City Street Railroad
Company has lost seven of their tracks and threa
miles of trestles, Thetr power house is badly
damaged and the large dynamos are ruined
Receiver Baer said it would be impoasible to
say when the street car service would be re-
sumed

 

THE AMOUNT OP MONPY GIVEN.

Gov. Sayers Unable to Give Oat the Sam Total
of the Contributions.

AUSTIN, Tex., Sept. 16.—-The Qovernor ia atill
deluged with telegrams giving notices of remit-
tances that have heen made through him for
the flood sufferers from {nd.viduala, organtza-
tions and other contributors throughout the
country. He will make no estimate of the total
amount of money that he has received up to
this time and neither fs it known what the con-
tributions received by the Mavora of Galveston
and Houston and the relief committees of these
cities will agwregate. It is known, however,
that money has been pouring in at the rate of
hundreds of thousands of dollars a day for
several days

Many of the contributions for large amount4,,

have come from men of prominence {n the finan-
cialand business affairs of this country, who
specially request that it be not made public
that they have made the contributions. The
sinallest amount vet received Is & cents In post-
age stamps, which came from two little girls of
New York city. The Governor acknowledged
the receipt of this mite ina kindly letter.

The announced policy of the Governor tn this
relief is to raise sufficient money to pay honest
labor liberal wages for cleaning up the débris
out of the streets of Galveston and the whole
island and to place thecity in good sanitary
condition. Many men will be required for this
work. He desires to have enough proviatona
and clothing provided to keep the suffering and
destitute people who are vhvsioally unable to
work for ninety davs when it is to be hoped
most of them will be able to take care of
themselves

The Governor will not undertake to make any
estimate of the arnount of money that will be
required to put Galveston in good condition
The demanoa for labor there is very great.
Despatches from there to-day say that employ-
ment for from, 8.000 to 10,000 mechanias can be
given as soon as the plans ‘or rebuilding can be
matured. The railroads will give employment
to over 3,000 mechanics in the rebuilding
of bridges and other neeessary repair work,
The wharves, elevators, manufacturing estab-
ishments and several thousand houses must be
rebuilt immediately, and busy scenes will be
witnessed as soon as carpenters, contractors
and other artisans arrive with their tools

LOSS OF COTTON MEN.

About 75,000 Hales Were Destroyed by the
Storm-— Losses tn Freight.

ATSTIN, Tex, Sept. 18. The State Departe
ment of Agriculture was able to-day to make a
reporton the amount of crop damage in the
storm district of Texas. The report says that
the amount of cotton result of the
storm will ug@regate 75,000 bales. This is about
100,000 bales les. than. stimates made by cot-
ton men who have been throur! the deVastated
district aceor®ing to the re-
ports received by the Agricultural Department,

lost as a

In some places,

    

 

the wind blew all of the louse cotton awav
and broke of! the bolls, causing al-
most fotai tos of the crop, but this
district is confined to the coast counties and
does not extend into the interior In many
places Che estimate of cotton crop damuge is
only 1O percent, whiie in other places it will
reach 50 per cent. |r ddition to the logs of
75,0) bales of growing cotton abort

bules of the product, which were at Galvestou
and other places awaiting shipment, were

Much of this

eotton will never be recovered

The loss to the rice crop is about 30 per
cent. It wasin the midst of the rice harvest-
ne season and this caused the damage to be
greater, Sugiureane is badly blown down, but
much of it will reeover

 

MEDICAL COLLEGE CRIPPLED.

State Regents Planning té Set the Untversity

  

Medical Department Going.
AUSTIN, Tex., Sept. 16—The storm caused
8 loss of probably $70,000 to the buildings of the

State University in Galveston. The medteal
branch of the institute was situated there The
Brackenridge Building, which was recently
erected at a cost of $45,000, was wrecked, and

|

MO

 

 

the other buildings were greatly damaged,
all of them being unroofed he session
was to have opened on Sept. 26. A meeting of
the Regents will be held at Galveston to-morrow
and steps taken (o accommodate the students
in some manner. If it ix found that they cannot
be ac’ ommodated at Galveston they will proba-
bly wet room in the main buildings of the un'-
versity at Austin temporarily, The work of Te-
toe the Prairie View Normal | ulldings near
feinmpstead, which were badly wrecked by the
storm, will begin at once. Li is estimated that
the damage to these bullding= agure gates $20,000
It is a State institution

HOROES RUSH TO HOUSTON.

 

 

All Declare That They Are From Galveston
aud Have Lost Everything.

AUSTIN, Tex., Sept. 16 -Word reached here
to-day from Houston that tramps are pouring
into the olty from all directions, On reaching
there they say they are just from Cal-
veston and have lost everything in the storm.
Many of the frauds have been exposed and
driven out of the city: many other-, however,
practised imposition successiully and are being
fed und housed at Houston and elsewhere iu
the State. A planis being arranced whereby
all persons seeking help miust be Ide vtifled as
having come from Galveston or the other storm
swept towns

 

ORDERS FOR St PPLIES.

Gev. Sayers Calling on Dallas te Supply Many
Needs Flour Mills Kashed.

Datias, Tex., Sept. 16, Many of the orders
for provisioning the storm sufferers were
placed to-day with Mayor Cabell by Gov,
Savers, and the Dallas wholesale houses and the
Dallas mills are striving their utmost to fill
them. . No other efty in the State could half fill
the orders that have poured into Dallas. The
flouring mills are running nigbt and day to fill
the State's orders and will run to-morrow as
they are doing to-day The provisions will be
shipped to southern Texas as fast as possible

$25,000 FROM CATHOLIC CHURCHES,

 

Collections for Galvestom—Father Dacey Re-
buked at Salvation Army Meeting.

Special collections for the Galveston suffer-
ere were taken up yesterday in the Roman
Catholic churches In the dioceses of New York
and Brooklyn. It will not be known before
to-night or to-morrow just what the total col-
lection is, but Father Lavelle, rector of the
Cathedral, said last evening that the collection
at the Cathedral \esterday morning amounted
to about $1,000,and to that must be added what-
ever was contributed at the service last even
ina. The morning collection at St. Francis
Xavier was not far from $1,000. Father La-
velle valid that the total of the collections in
the diocese of New York would be about $15,000
and of the collections in the diocese of Brooklyn
would be at least $10,000

A special memorial service, with a collection
for the people of Galveston, was held under
the direction of the Salvation Army in Carnegie
Hall yesterday afternoon Charles F  Mac-
Lean presided and the speakers were Fdmund

W Booth of the Y M.C. A., the Rev. Father
Ducey, rector of St Leo's Roman Catholic
Chureh, Commander Booth-Tucker of the

Salvation Army, the Rev. Dr 8S P. Cadman,
pastor of the Methodist Metropolitan Temple,
and the Rev. Dr. I). A. Blum, for sixteen years
rabbi of one of the Galveston synagogues

A feature of the meeting was a rebuke ade
ministered by Dr Cadman to Father Ducey
The priest of St. Leo's was the third speaker
He sald little about the disaster at Galveston
and attacked the Pennsylvania mine owners.

“We are here,” said he, “ in the interests of
the living and to offer prayers for the dead,
But while we remember the sufferers of Cal-
veston, let us not forget the 150,000 persons
who are to starve in Pennsylvania asa result
of the arrogance of the rich of this land. The
man who said, the other day, that so long as
God had permitted such a visitation upon the
yeople of Galveston, he saw no reason why
Es should contribute to their relief, was a fair
type of those who ara murdering the mimers
of Pennsylvania. One of the mine owners
waa told the other day that, unless the owners
listened to the men, they would destroy the
works

“‘Let them but raise their picks,’ cried this
millionaire, ‘and we will flood the mines’
Great God! If this be not physical murder,
surely it j@ moral murder, and to the ery by
the men for an arbitration of their grievances
the millionaire employers serenely say: ‘We
have nothing to arbitrate’ ’

When Dr Cadman arose to offer a resolue
tion of sympathy for the survivors of the Gal-
veston storm he sald, after reading the reao-
lution

“In the few worda I shall have to say in
speaking to this resolution I shall confine my-
self to that which conoerns Galveston and
her people I take it that thig ia neither the
time nor the place to discuss the troubles in
Pennsylvania. At this time we will not in-
dulge in recrimination, but let our hearts and
vyolces go out in # TRBALhy to the suffering
of that [sland City of the Gulf.’

Stentorian cries of “Good!” and “That's
right!” came from all parts of the hall as Dr
Cadman thus paid his respecta to Father Ducey,
who left the hall as soon as he had spoken
The following was the resolution

This meeting, representing the various churches
and synagogues of Greater New York, with the Young
Men's Christian Assoctation and the Salvation Army,
assembled at a memorial service in the Carnegie Hall,
New York city, for those who perished in the Galveston
disaster, desire to expreas sympathy with the be
reaved and with those who have suffered through the
catastrophe, and to assure them that the religious
people of this metropolis are ready to stand by their
side as brothers (n this awful calamity. Further, to
express their heartfelt satiafaction that the nation has
so unanimously and generously come to the aaslatance
of the distressed region, and their earnest prayer that,
through this afiietion, thousands may be led to conse
crave themselves afresh to God, and that the spirit of
brotherly love and natural unity may be intensified

The collections taken up netted about $650,
From the nine pevyes stationed about town
$650 has been obtained [n two days. The
kettle at Broad and Wall streets gathered in
the largest contributions. The bankers and
brokers were saving on Friday and Saturday
that the young woman who attends it could
Just draw bank notes out of their pockets by
turning her eyes their way. She is Cadet
Myra A. Thrall.

The Citizens’ Relief Committee of the Mer-
chants’ Association haa decided to increase
larwely its purchases of supplies for the relief
of the Texas sufferers The transport MePher-
son will delay sailing for one day to receive
the additional supplies. The following articles
will be purchased, provided they ean he de-
Iivered to the transport by 2 o'clock on
Tuesday: 2,000 barrels flour, 10,000 bags
charcoal, 3,000 gasolene stoves, 1,000 barrels
peras, 600 barrels chloride of lime, 200 bar-
® solution of carbolic acid, 5,000 half-barrels
corn meal, 5,000 bags rice, 6,000 bags white
beuns, 1,000 barrels split peas, 1,000 drume
codfish, 750. single oaths roasted Mocha and
Java coffeg beans, 25 chesta of tea, 100 parrele
eranulated sugar, 1,000 tins baking powder and
1,000 pails lard. The amount of money previ-
ously spent for supplies by the Purchasing C mn-
mittee having absorbed most of the funds
thus tar subseribed, the cost of the purchases
now ordered must be defrayed largely from
future subscriptions. In the meantime the
chairman of the committee, Willlam F King,
has assumed the responsibility for these pur-
chuses Bids have been advertised for by noon
to-day

Tt was announced inthe Central Presbyterian
Church, Marey and Jefferson avenues, Brooklyn,
at all the services (yesterday that the church
would be open all day to-day and toemorrow
to receive contributions of food and clothing
for Galveston

   

 

VARN ABOUT IMMIGRANTS AS MINERS,

Cc. PF. U. Committee Appointed to Try to
Find Out Something.

The Centra! Labor Union resolved
day to send a message of aympathy to

leaders of the miners’ strike and to assure them
that the C. F. U., as far as luy in its power,
was willing to assist the strikers
At the meeting of the Central
Union, Delegate Wilson of the Safety Ene
neers’ Union said he bad been informed or
good authority that a trainioad of immigrants
had gone out to the mining districts on Satur-

Vester.

the

Federated

 

day to lake the places of striking miners These
immigrants, he said, were neariv all Poles
Slavs and Italians, and they went, he beliewed
on a Delaware, Lackawanna and Westets
train A committee was appointed to sa
the immiaration authorities about this state.

rnent

Cat, Rate Bair-Cuts by Mechanics
A complaint was madeto the Central Fed-
erated Union yesterday by Delegate Richartz

 

of the Journevmen Barbers’ Union that a Bo-
hemian Barbers’ Union was cuttine the prices
of shaves and hoir-cuts. Richartz «ic that

most of these Bohemian barbers were engineers
and mechanios
investigate

Wages on Bridge Granite Work
The East River Bridge Commissioners wil!
givea hearing on Thursday on complaints of

the Centra: Federated Union that Shanley &
Ryan, the contractors for the granite work, are

| violating the wages law

Board as at Home

is dificult to findina largecity. Such
though, ure to be found advertised in Tan UN

 

| under ‘Select Board.""—Adv.

|
|
|

\ committee was appointed to

AY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1900.

  
 

BELL RINGER ON STRIKE.

 

NO FIRE ALARMS IN FLUSHING TILL | wil] buy a Hall.

HIS BILL IS PAID,

Charles ©. Wilson, Who Rin he Big Bell ta
St. George's Church, Wants $42 From New

 

 

|

York City for Past Services—He Also Wants |

$1 for Each Alarm He Rings in the Fatare.

Unless Charles C. Wilson, the sexton of Bt.
George's Church in Flushing. 1. 1, gets $4
due tim for forty-two alarms for fire rung by
him, and §tis guaranteed for every alarm he
may ring in future, the great bell of St. George
will be silent when the Fire King visits Flush-
ing

Sexton Wilson is on «trike, He has defied
the entire volunteer department of Flushinas
which depends upon the big bell for alarms
and the insurance companies and the Fire De-
partment of New York have taken
a hand in the controversy Meantime the
quiet citizens of Flushing are wondering what
will be the result of a fire of any magnitude.
‘The citizens are willing to chip in and hand to
Mr. Wilson $1 after he has rung an alatm, even
if the alarm isa false one, but the sexton informs
them that he must have first his pay for the
alarms he has already rung for the village and
then he will accept a guarantee of $1 for each
futurealarm rung

The sexton's action resulted in many
conferences and investigations, The volun-
teer departnient, composed of several hundred
of the prominant men of the village, is aroused
over the matter and a split is imminent between
the firemen who think Wilson Is right in oprining
and those who are in favor of ringing the bel
themselves whether the sexton likes it or not

St. Geerge'’s Church is at Main and
Locust streets in the heart of the village. Be-
fore consolidation, Wilson was engaged by the
village trustees to ring the great bell in the
chureh tower for fires, It was stipulated
that he would receive $1 forevery alarm rung
When an alarin is received it records on a large
bellin a tower in the rear of F mpire Hose house,
but this bell is not loud enough to enable the
firemen to hear it, while the church bell ts heard
for miles around

has

When Flushing became a part of Greater
New York the sexton continued to ring the
church bell. Whenever there was a fire the

sexton ran to the belfry and the volunteer fire-
men for miles around heard the alarm. an
responded to it. From consolidation to Sept
1 the sexton’s books showed that he had mung
ust sixty-seven alarms, for which he receive
only $25, leaving a balance due him of 842
Several days ago he applied to Chief James
MeCormack of the volunteer department and
threatened to strike if the money was not forth-
coming. The fire chief told the sexton that in
the volunteer department's treasury there
was inst 16 cente :

“The city of New York will pay you," said
the chief to the sexton. “Go ahead and ring
the bell

‘St George's bell will not ring for anothe
fire while there is a dollar due me,” repli
the sexton

An appeal was made to Deputy
missioner Tully of Brooklyn, but the commis-
sioner informed the sexton that under the
law there waa no provision for a bellringer
for Flushing. The insurance companies are
aroused over the danger to the property In-
terests of the village and, with the Fire De-
partment, are endeavoring to solve the pr »blem
of the sexton’sback pay MeantimeSt, George's
bell and the sexton will ignore the ory
of fire when it is heard

Fire Com-

 

FORM A UNION.
Seamen's Union Says Vessels That Wont Pay
$25 Each Get No Satlors.

August Gildemeister, delegate of the At
lantie Coast Seamen's Union, reported at res
terday's meeting of the Central Federated
Union that he has succeeded, after repeated
faiires, in getting the captains of coastwise
steamers to respect the new law ooncerning
allotments. By this law no part of the wages
of a seaman can be given in advance before
a voyage to any crimp or landlord. ; :

“Beveral captains who allotted part of sailors
money to ertmps,” he said, “were compelled
by the law to pay it to the sailors too. This
has seared the captains Now the nee who
supply a good many of the sailors have formed
an organization and want $25 bonus for every
seaman they supply The reanit ia that @
number of coastwise vessels are tied up here.
They can get the men without a bonus by ap-
plying to the union

Cildemeister also said that most of the cap-
talos from Southern porte, when thetr vea-
sela were here, kept thelr crews working at
cleaning the vessels on Sundays in violation
of a New York State law. The complaint waa

CRIMPS

 

referred to the Law and Legislation Com-
mittee
MASONS' LABORERS OUSTED.

Knight« Say New Unton Has Made an Agree-
ment With All the Mason Batiders.

It was reported at yesterday's meeting of
the Central Labor Union by the delegates of
District Assembly 8 K. of L. that the new
union of Ttalian Masons’ laborers organized
by the Kniehta had made agreementa with
every member of the Mason Builders’ Associa-
tion to work for 28 cents an hour This, it was
said, the Laborers’ Union Protective
Society out in the cold. The soctety for the
first time this wear failed to reach an agreement
the Mason Builders after having had
annual agreements for ten years. Delegate
Farrell of D. A. 2458 denied the statement that
the wages of the new tinion were less than the
wages of the old union

The protective soctety,” he said, “says that
the union wages are 83 cents a hour. Only
a few of its members get that. Their wages
range from 25 to 38 cents an hour,while our labor
ers demand 28 centsallthrough. In order to

the mason builders now the

et work from
aborera will all have to jotn our soctety.”

leaves

with

 

 

WANT STAGE HANDS TO STRIKE,

Hebrew Actors’ Union Objects to an Imported
Company.

Delegate Gold of the Hebrew Actors’ Tnion
asked the Central Federated Union yesterday
to direct the Theatrical Protective Union to
call out the stage hands and the Carl Salm
Club Musicfans at the Windsor Theatre if the
twenty-two actors and actresses broveht from
Purope last week are put on the stage. He
Aiso wanted any other persons to be directed
to strike whose union was represented in the
ev
Gold said that the union was willing to let
the management bring four {mported stars
into the theatre, but did not want an entire con-
stellation. The C. F. U. did not like to enter-
tain as sweeping a request as Gold mada. It

ot out of it by appointing a conimittee to talk
© the managers of the theatre

 

 

SYMPATHETIC STRIKE

Ordered en a Downtown HKatlding by the
we Ballding Trades Counct!.

The United Building Trades Couneil has
ordered a sympathetic strike, to go into effect
to-day, on a laree building at the corner of
Liberty and Willlam streets, in support of the
plumbers who have been on strike for several

 
   

davs About 30 men will be affected. The
strike of the plumbers was ordered by the
Amalgamated Society of PI bers and Gas-
fitters to force the discharge of non-unfon
plumbers ihe sympathetic strike is the first
one ordered by the United Building Trades
Counell, which was formed recently by the
ainalgamation of the old Board of Walking

Delewates and some of the unions in the Build-
lug Trades Council

Called State Federation Lobbyists.

Delega'e Brown of the Ciearmakers set the
Central Federated Union bv the ears for a short
time yesterday by calling the Workingmen's
State Federation, to which the local federation

sends delegates, “only a wang of lobbyists.”
The State Fee Ation atis recent n ting at
lL tica defeated a resoluvion to send $500 to the
striking cigurmaker

eee | ee ee

 

 

 

The Open-
Boor Policy

is to attract business from all possible
sources. The best business door is

Telephone Service

asit provides an inlet for business from
many thousands of telephone users.
If you are not yet an adherent, adopt
the OPEN-DOOR POLICY and bave your
TELZPHONE SERVICE installed in
time for the active trade season.

Rates in Manhattan
from $5.00 a Month.
One-Year Contracts. Monthly Payments.

o MEW YORK TELEPHONE Co.
18 Dey Street. III West 38th Street,

  

|
|
|

 

 

| everer:nieda pilot's license in Virginis

a

  

 

If you want the ve

i n tested for over 60 years,
arpa te The oldest safe on the market, guaranteed throughout,

all’s

Yous old safe exchanged
for a Modern ‘Hall.’
Second Hand Safes for sale.

Safe moving and repairing.

  

MUST BE PUNISHED.
Li Hong Chang Reall Thisand Takes Steps
Against Prince Tuen.

sun.
Special Cable Despatch to THE
{onpon, Sept. 17 —The Shanghai corre-
spondent of the Times says that he oe
a trustworthy source that [i Hung ¢ _—
prior to his departure for Pekin, telegraphically

THE GUILTY

 

memortalized the throne apenas
Prince Tuan Teailan, the Prince’s brother,
and Chao Shu Chtam. At the

Kang Yi
same time he informed the
and Wuchang that he ha
that he had subscribed their
Shih Kai's to the me morial,
departure and the uraency of the m
vented him from consulting them, an
taken their consent for granted

It now appears that [iu Kun Yi approves
Change Chih Tung disapproves of their re
spective names in the memorial, which means
a definite rupture with the large
and influential party that is responal-
ble for the present situation. 1A Bung Chang's
action was largely due to his having realized
from his interviews with Mr Rockhill, the
American special envoy, and the German
Minister, that it waa useless to disouse any
settlement which exchides the punishment of
the Empress and her advisers

Vioeroys of Nankin
d done so, adding
names and Yung
as his impending
atter pre-
d he had

The correspondent records a report
that the German Minister told Ti Rung
Chang that though the Powers were
averse to the partitioning of China
any delay on her partin negotiating would

be calculated to lead thereto. Germany's
large foree was prepared to remain in ooou-
pation indefinitely pending 4 satisfactory set-
tlement. IA Hung Chang accordingly tele-
graphed to Gen. Yung Lu to make every effort
to secure an audience with the Empresas and
persuade her and the Emperor to return to
Pekin and to remove Prince Tuan.

 

WANTS KRUGER TO LECTURE.

 

Vienna Manager Will Offer Him a Six Weoks’
Engagement at 61,000 a Week.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.
Lonpon, Sept. 17.—A despatch to the Daily
Mail from Vienna says that the manager of the
Orpheum will offer ex- President Kroger $1,000 a
week for six weeks to lecture on the war in
South Africa.
Nashville to Cruise up the Yang-tee-Kiang.
Special Cable Deapatch to TRE SUN.
LONDON, Sept. 16.--A despatch te the Central
News, dated Shanghai, says that the United
States gunboat Nashville will start on Monday
for a cruise to the Yang-tae ports.

YACHT NIAGARA'S ADVENTURES.

 

 

 

Gould Party on a Shoal on the Nerway Coast
—Rit by the Cyclone, Too,

Howard Gould's steam yacht Niagara, which
arrived on Saturday night from Southampton,
rap into the tall of the cyclone about fifty miles
off the Banks and was forced to slow down
twelve hours. She had several
misadventures on her long cruise
in Furopean waters. After her return from
loeland, where she received and entertained
aboard the Governor and his wife, she went
to Mold, Norway. Dr. Clement Cleveland
and his wife left her there and returned to this
country. From Mold the Niagara started for

Bergen. Mr. Gould wanted to take @ pilot for
thetrip. Sailing Master Caws said itwas not
necessary, as he was familiar with the coast

The night was black and misty. Capt. Cawe
mistook one beacon for another andthe Niagara
went bow on a rocky shoal. The Goulds and
their guests were jarred, but not rightened.
The crew, who are as wall = drilled
as men-o'-warsemen, closed all bulk-
head doors, and the ship was lightened |
in the hope of raising her forward.

An inspection of her hold revealed eleven
inches of water. The next day Eugene Hig-
ins'a steam yacht Varuna came along, hauled
fie Niagara off and towed her to Bergen

It took eighty men two weeks to repair her
and it cost Mr. Gould $10,000. The Board of
Inspectors of Steam Vessels will ask Capt.
Caws to explain .

While going up the Kaiser Wilhelm Canal at
Copenhagen the Niagata hit an obstruction
and carried away a blade of her propeller
She docked at Southampton and repaired

Off Marstrand, King Oscar of Sweden and
Norway waa. epterta pes apoard the yacht
He sent hia photograph to Mr. Gould the next

+. Gould brings back with her a $1,000 pug
dog called Princess Zora, which she bought in
England.

 

SHOT IN A QUARREL OVER A DOG.

 

Sexagenarian Has Three Ballet Wounds and
One May Prove Mortal.

Charles Sibley, a machinist, 60 years old,
ving at 547 West Broadway, was shot three
times at the corner of West Broadway and
Bleecker etreet at 12:80 o'clock this morning
by Louis Guiffra, an Itallan hatter of 548 West
Broadway. Sibley was hit in both legs just
about the knee and also in the back. At St.
Vincent's Hospital, where he was taken, it was
said that, on account of his age, the wound
in the back might prove fatal.

A quarrel over a dog belonging to Guiffra
was the cause of tie shooting. Sibley wae

atanding on the cornerwhen Cuiffra came along,
accompanied by a large hlack dog. The dow
walked up to Siblev, and the old man, evidently
afraid of the animal, told Guiffra that {f he didn't
eall the dog awey. he (Siblev) would kick ite
head off, or words to that effect
This angered the Italian. He pulled out
an revolver and fired twice at Sibley The |
old man fell at the second shot, and Guiffra
!
!
|
|
|

startedtorunaway. Heturned back, however,
and fired a third shot, which struck the old
in the back. Before the Italian
get away Policeman Stevens came up
on a run and nabbed him. Gnuiffra resteted
arrest, but Policeman Sullivan came up and
aided Stevens to take charge of the prisoner
He was locked up in the Mercer street station.

man could

 

ENTERED A STORE BY A WINDOW.

Small Boys Discovered by the Proprietor and
Arrested for Larcesy.

Thomas Healey, 14 vears old, and his brother
Cornelius of 70 West EFighty-third street, were
not allowed by their parents to go out to play
in the street yesterday. Fate in the afternoon |
they alid down a rope in the air shaft until |
they. reached a_ window in the grocery store
of Ferdinand Koppola on the ground floor |
They climbed into the store, were discovered |
by the proprietor and arrested At the West |
Sixty-cighth street police station a charge of }
burglary was preferred against them and they |
were seat to the Cerry society for the night }

'

Flectric Light Wire Fires Park Trees.

Two trees in Madison Square Park caught

fire earls this morning from an electric light |
wire, The fire was put out Lefore much dam-
age had been done

A Yachting Girt Gets a Pilot's License.

From the Baltimore Sun

NORFOLK, Va. Sept. 18. Miss Jonia
Row, awed 24 vears, daugnier of CC.
wealt vy Buffalo, N. Y.. man now here on ler
father’s vacht Mystery which « bound south
for the winter, to-day stood the Government
examination for a steamboat pilot's license and |
passed most creditably. Shels the first woran
Miss
Roe was vorn in Beld ng, Mich, in 1876, and for |
the last sixteen years has been accompanving
her father in various vachting tours Her |
papers show that she has seen sixteen years’
seBvice at the wheel _and has served on three
vesscia-the yachts Teephone, Fast Mai! and
Mvetery—owned by herfather. there are only |
three or four other women in the United States
who possess a pilot's license, |

Ivan
Roe a

    
  

ry best to be had in the safe line,—one whose fireproof

and never found wanting,— you

Safes.

KINSEY, RAINIER & THOMSON,

GENERAL AGENTS,

393 BROADWAY, N. Y.

TEL. 307 FRANKLIN.

 
 

Flannels for
Shirt Waists.

Wash Flanne/s,
variety of styles,
40 cts.
per yard,
250 Pieces
Plain Colors,

(all the new shades), finest
quality,
60 cts.
per yard.

Polka Dots & Stripes,

70 cts.
per yard,
PlainColoredF lannels

with silk embroidered dots,

85c. & $1.00
per yard,

Lord & Taylor,

Broadway & 20th St,

 

   

DREAMS

are merely moving pictures of our ts.
The realities that we give in a Suit or Top-
coat to order for

"15

 

(ena al

comprise this season’s pick of Worsteds,
Cheviots and Tweeds, made in a style and
finish that double the money could not buy
in many places. Our tenth season will be in-
augurated to-day.

W. C, LOFTUS & CO.,
1191 Broadway, Near 28th St.
Sun Building, Near Brooklyn Bridge

 

THE AILEREN HITS A FERRYBOAT.
Naval Reserve Yacht Crashes Into the New
Brunswick ta the North River.

A collision occurred yesterday afternoon in
the North River between the Aileen, the con-
verted yacht now used by the Brooklyn Naval
Reserves, and the ferryboat New Brunswick
of the Pennsylvania Railroad system The
New Brunswick started out of her slip at the
foot of Cortlandt street at 446 o'clock Bhe
blew her whistle to warn craft that she was
about to put out into the stream

Just as the New Brunswick began to clear
the long Starin dock her pilot saw the Afleen
coming down the river at a good speed. He
blew the whistle twice to signal the Aileen that
he was going to take the New Brunswick actoss
the Aileen's bow The Aileen answered the
whistle and the engines on the Aileen were
reversed. The tide was running strong ebb,
however, and the speed at which the Aileen
had been Sovernee was too great to allow the
boat to slow up in time to let the New Brunswick

clear her. The Aileen banged into the ferry-
boat on the starboard side, spearing her with
her stubby bowsprit and lifting up. about
fifteen feet of the woodwork of the
women's eabin. The only damage

to the Alleen was a bent and indented entwater
There were about one hundred passengers on
the ferryboat, some of whom got out life pre-
servers The ferryboat continued her trips
and the Aileen went to her berth at the foot of
Fifty-fifth street. South Brooklyn, for repairs.
No one was injured in the collisio:

LAWYERS’ TANDEM TOO FAST.

 

On a New Motor Cycle, Policeman Says, They
Were Gotng 18 Miles an Moar,
Lawyers Francis W. Ayimar and Hubert E.
Rowers were aicested last night at 198th atreet
and Central Park West for driving at an illegal

speed. They were on a new kind of tandem
Motor cycle and the policeman who arreste
them decared that they were going about

Hehicen miles an hour He took them to the
Vest 100th street station and there they were
detained until word to friende and
were bailed out

they got

 

 

Be Cood to
Your Stomach,

TAKE

VICHY
AeA

with your meals,

It aids digestion,

and its medicinal qualities
keeps your stomach in good order,

Vichy is Imported only in bottles

NOTE So-Called Viehy in
Syphons Is Not Vichy.

At First Class Druggists, Grocers,
Hotels and Cafes

General Agency, 220 Broadway, N. v.

POOOOOOSOSOSO OOOO OOOO OOOOS

   

PPPOE SSS OO OSOOOOOO4O55O446SOO0

 

)

——

TU

°

0
Hoo!
nom
and
dana
land
Offic
New
nigh

of
nort
The
prof
wer
thirt
play
by
of
no
the
Atl
hefo!
wav
soun
were

Wol
wall
like

have
his d
He
the
mem
gat

it fi
The p
The

Port

Li
grap!
stru
for
assu
is alsa
treat

Gen.

Bua
on Ti
the
thirt
tion
The

w
Ore

ing ta
time

laund
objed
secu
to «@
and 4
fund
of k
the

cou

Neo
wh

wo
work
ago
takin,

and o
work
Bev

were
When
tor

0
he to

a en

wills
RB

Lett

Cx
Forb
was fa
to-nigl
was

finana
clde
mone

hroad
oot
his «
Ho pf
Dight

The
rows