F

rf
4
i

 

oe

   

 

NEW YORK MET CYCLONE. |

yUMBLED IN HEAVY GALES SOUTH OF
THE TBXAS WHIRLER’S CENTRE.

 

Moat of the Passengers Stuck to Their Berths
for the Best Part of 36 Hours, and the
ship Was Half a Day Late In—Statendam
Also Caught It-Many Seastck—Nobody Hurt
rhe American liner New York, which arrived
on Saturday night and anchored outside the
Hook, had an entry in her log about the phe-
nomenal eyclone that destroyed Galveston
and then whisked actoas the continent and
danced into the open sea from the Newfound-
land coast on Wednesday night. The Chief
ofmicer was in charge of the bridge when the
New York ran into the tumult late on Thursday
ght on the easterly edge of the Banks. The
oeptre of the blow had gone to the northward
of the ship's course, leaving her heavy west,
northwest and southwest gales to battle against,
fhe seas were colossal and all who were not
professional ocean-crossera and able bodied
were forced to keep to their berths for nearly
turty-aix hours, Mise Elizabeth Marbury,
playwright and play broker, was a passenger
by the New York, She, says that the conduct
of the sea was very ungentlemanly and that
none of the women was able to go about while
the storm was raging. She has been across the
thirty-seven times and never, never
was so impolitely treated by it. The
wave cresta aa they thumped on the deck
eounced like heavy ardilery. Many voyagers
were sick, but nobody was hurt
Miss Marbury was accompanied by Elsie De
with whom she spent some time at Ver-
safiies. Miss De Wolfe ays that she dld not
like the eyclone either She saya she ts gotng
apart in a unique sort of play. the name
Chatles

Atianuk

hefore
he

Wolfe,

to take
¢ which will be announced later by

Frounan. Her part, she says, is outside her

sal ine, but she hopes to do it \ustice The

play will be produced late in October or early

 

, November. Miss De Wolfe kept house
at Versailles and declares that housekeeping

the French style is very easy and agreeable
MAOH » Young, President of the National
Roar © Commissioners to the Paris Exposi-
Z was also a passenger by the New York
He we »the Exposition in April, He said

In spite of adverse criticism the Paris Ex-

athe greatest the world has ever seen
a have been more or

t the eritic less

 

   

need T was surprised to see certain
s about the Exposition from Ameri-
na f intelligence and prominence In the
art ta of manuf res, science and art

  

was simply perfect. The American

 
 
  

ex! tn We irticularly fine and the American
exhibitors received one-third of all the awards
r 20 t of 6,000) The Americans were the
heat entertainers at the Exposition, and the

Californians exceeded all other
the lavishine of their hospitality. California
4:90.00 in entertaining her guests, and
the other States had done as well there prob-
ably would have been less criticism on the part
of American visitors

Other passengers by the New York were the

Americans in

  

 

He Robert P Porter, Gen. George Moore
&rmith and Col Putnam Bradlee Strone

The New York waa belated half a day by the
storm, as was also the Holland American twin
crew Statendam, which got up to her Hoboken
pier from Rotterdam last night, instead of in
the morning, asisher habit in pleasant weather
She ran into the blow on Wadneatat night off
the Ranks To quote her log, she had “four
hours of acvelone from south-southeast to south
southwest, blowing with terrific fury” The
ship sustained no damage and nobody was

re

AOCIALIST CONGRESS OPENS,

Women Delegates Complain of the Attitude
of the Men.

Special Cate Despatch to THR SUN.

Marence, 16. The annual Socialist
which will last for a week, opened
day. The women's meeting revealed
diesatisfaction regarding the attitude of male
Socialists toward the position of women. The
President, Frau Zetkin, and others complained
that their Socialist comrades were as narrow
in this respect as the most prejudiced bour-
geois

The addraas welcoming the delegates war to
have been made by Herr Liebknecht, but after
his death the duty was assianed to Herr Rebel.
He was prevented by alcknesa from making
the speech, and it finally fell to Herr Auer, a
member of the Reichstag, to welcome the dele-
gates. He compared the position of the Soctal
Democratic party now with what it was when
it firat met in Mayence twenty-eight years ago.
The party funda then amounted to 7,000 marka,
The annual contributions now amount to 256,-
mm marks.

Sept
Congress

here te

ORDERED TO PROTECT KRUGER,

Portagaese Governor Told to Permit His De-
partore for Furope.

Spectal Cable Despatch to THE SUN.
16.- The Government has tele
graphed to the Governor of Mozambique in-
eng him to allow Mr. Krier to leave
for Europe, but saving that the Governor must
imself that he is going to Europe. He
also instructed to secure his safety and proper
treatrnent until he embarks.

Lisrox, Sept
str
assure }

BOER SUPPLIES CAPTURED.

 

Gen. Macdonald Gets 31 Wagons and 65,000
Roands of Ammanition,
Special Came Despatch to THR SUN

BLOPMFPONTERIN, Sept. 16.—Gen. Macdonald

Thursday ted 89 Boers between
the Vet River and Winbure, and captured
thirty-one wagons, 65,000 rounds of ammuni
ion and a quantity of foodstuffs and clothing.
The Boers had three guns, which they saved.

American Transvaal League.

Graxp Raptns, Mich, Sept 16-—Syerant
Waseliina, as chairman of the Committee on
Organization, to-day sent out a call for a meet-
ing to be held in Chicago on Sapt 25, at which
time the American Transvaal Teacue is to he

on intercey

 

ainchad as a_ national organization. The
hiects as set forth are To promote and
fe peace for the South African republics,

 

spread information regarding the case
and Teate sentiment against the war, to raise
unds f the cause and to procure a tender
of kindly offices of the United States to end
ne war

COULDN'T WORK, SO TRIED TO DIF,

Nobody Woald Employ Bookbinder Raten
When He Recovered After a Bad Accident.

|

George Ruton, a bookbinder, 50 vears old, |

worrted «no much over his {inabllity to obtain

work afteran accident he met with a few months |

8g that he tried to kill himself vesterday by
taking a dose of codeine, a solution of morphine
and other ingredients to produce sleep Ruton
worked for James English at 64 Murray street
Several months ago his right leg and left arm
wee broken in an aceident at the bindery.

en he recovered his services were not wanted,
He tramped around all day Saturday looking
for work, but could not find any Yesterday
* told his wife that life wasnt worth living

hen heswallowedthe mixture An ambulance
Surgeon used a stomach pump on him and he
wii not die He is a prisoner in the hospital

BANK TELLER KILUS HIMSELP.

Left a Letter to His Mother Saying He Pre-
ferred Death to Disgrace.

‘Ricago, Sept. 18.—-The body of George 8.
Forbes, teller the Union National Bank,
Wis found ina room in the South Chicago Hotel
t with a bullet in the heart. Near him

of

hag

   

™ & letter to hia mother, in which he said
: f iMoulties were the cause of his sui-
° : is, he sald, had failed to pay him
f 3 h he had loaned to them within
a f sed tire, and he preferred death to
era
at National Bank has recently been
nm eed ft the First Natlonal Bank, and the
a hoth titutions said to-night that
She was wrong with the dead man’s ac-

Skall Broken by Fall From Trolley Car.
itiones

 

Graien, janitor of the Flushing Boat

(
: ouse, fell from a trolley car in Flushing
ps Siturday night. He started to cet off at
eg " ind Main street and niissed his
Olli He struck on his head, fracturing
: n ie wos removed to the Flush ng
{a still unconscious late iast
fatholle Charch Dedicated.
, *hew Catnole Church of Our Lady of Sor-
es at
re ®! Corona, L. L, was dedicated ye terday
Venice McDonnell of Brooklyn, assisted by
of prenerel MacNamara anda iarge number

re The new church cost $35,000 and
eating capacity of 700,

NATIONALS

 

 

WIN IN

 

HAVANA,

Elect a Majority of the Delegates to the Con-
stitational Convention,
Spectal Cable Despatch to THE SUN,

HAVANA, Sept. 16..-The full resulta of yea-
terday’s elections for members of the Consti-
tutional Convention are not yet known. The
returns for Havana province, however, are
practically all in. Gen. Lacret heads the list
With 12.767 votes, followed by Mayor Rodrianez,
Seflores Giener, Manuel Sanguilly, Nunez, Ber-
riel. Tamayo and Zayas in the order given
Sefior Zavas polled 9,283 votes. Returns from
& few municipalities are yet to be received,
but it is not believed that they will change the
result in this province.

The National party has elected repre-
sentatives, Seflores Sanguilly and Berriel are
Pusionists, The ninth delegate, Sefior Plerra
belongs to the Democratic Union. He polled
4560 votes, The Fusionista did not vote con-
sistently . as is evidenced by the fact that San-

alx

uilly obtained 11,043 votes against Plerra's
8.500. It ie probable that many Nationals
Voted for Sanguilly, and also that many Ke-

publicans voted for their own men
ting the Pusionist ticket.

Out of 60000 voters in Havana provinee
probably considerably leas than half voted,
There was less interest yesterday than in the
preceding elections. Though the leaders were
very keen the people were somewhat indifferent,
The National party, however, showed extra-
ordinary discipline. In some of the country
districts the electors voted as one man for the
five national candidates, not a single vote being
for their opponents. The Fusionists are
mitisfied with the result in Havana city, where
they say they received their due, but they say
they should have shown more strength in the
country districts

The Conservatives express no regret for not
going tothe polls They say they have shown
that they have some strength, and if the Cuban
officials bad heen neervatives they would
probably have done far better

It is probably that in Pinar del Rio Sefiores
Quesada, Quilez and Ruis Rivera
elected, and in Puert

thus eplit-

cast

Ce

have heen

Principe, Sefilorea Silva

and Salvador Cisneros The Cubans like the
ballot system very much The men so far
elected will probably prove very. friendly,
though Sefior Sanguily may prove to be ture

bulent

Gen, Wood has gone to Santa Clara

BRAKE OVERTURNED ON THE ROAD,

Party on Top Injared-—Accident Occurred

Near Twin Moantain, N. A.

BETHLEHEM, N. HH. Sept. 16. A narrow es-
cane from aserious ace dent occurred yvester-
day afternoon when the Maplewood Cottage
brake carrying a dozen questa tipped over: ear
Twin Mountain. A train caused the hor-es to
become unmanageable and the following were
pitched into the ditch by the roadside: Mr. and
Mrs. Louis Borsum, the Missea Martha, Ida and
Annie Borsum, Master |. Borsum of Plainfield,
N.d,Mr. W. H. Moeller, Misses Ella Moeller,
Carlotta Moeller an’ Daisy Moeller of Newark
Nod, Mr. George L.. McPherson of Detroit, and
Mr.J. A. MePheraon of Howell, Mich. Thein-
jJured were taken to the Twin Mountain House
anda special tran brought them to the Maple-
wood Cottage at Maplewood. Drs. Cilley and
F. F. Marsh of Boston, found thee injuries
Mr. Borsum, back injured; Mrs. Borsum, frac-
ture of theright leg; Miss Daisy Moeller, frac-
tureof the right lew: Mr Moeiler, lacerated heel
and sprained wrist The others escaped with
slight bruises. All the passengers onthe brake,
even the Injured, exonerate the driver from all
blame.

 

KNIFE DUEL IN THE STREFT.
Fought by Italtans Over Pay for a Street
Cheantog Department Job-One May Die.

Giuseppe CioMf, 21 reare old, of 2120 First
avenue, who is employed in the Street Cleaning
Department, told Joseph Ramento of 2032 First
avenue two months ago that he would eet him
ajob in the department, too, for $20. Ramento
told htm to go ahead andhe wonld pay the money.
A few days afterward Ramento got the job
He paid Clof $5 and after that kept out of his
way

Last night the two men met at 113th street
and Firet avenue Cioffl asked for the $16
and Ramento told him to go to a warmer place
for the money. Then Ctoffl drew a knife and
stuck it into Ramento's throat, and Ramento
stuck his knife into Cioffi’s throat. Both men
fell on the sidewalk. When they were dis-
covered a little later they were lying in a pool
of blood. Policeman Bavermeister of the Fast
Mth street station, who found them, sent them
to Harlem Hospital {in an ambulance, Both
men were unconscions. At the hospital it was
sald that Ramento would probably die, but
Cioffi might recover

RORRED ON A SOUND STEAMBOAT,

 

Newport Man Awakes to Find a Negro Waiter
Riffing His Pocketbook,

Herman Weiner, a cigar manufacturer of 88
John etreet, Newport, R. L., wasin the Centre
street police court yesterday as complainant
ne@ainat Charles Jones, a negro walter on the
Fal River Line steamboat Puritan, whom he
charged with the larceny of $20. Mr. Weiner
said that at about 11 o'clock on Saturday night
he awoke in his stateroom on the boat and saw
Jones rifling his pocketbook, which had been

wed away in his trousers’ pocket
When Jones saw that he was discovered he
ran out of the room, but Weiner made no dis-
turbance until Sunday morning, when he noti-
fled the purser. More than a dozen colored
servants were assembied in the captain's cabin,
and Weiner had no diMfleulty in identifying
vones asthe thief In court yesterday the pris-
oner gave his address as 126 Carton street,
Brooklyn. Magistrate Corne)| held him in $300
bail for trial

at

 

A LINEMAN BADLY BURNED.

He Took Hold of a Live Wire While at the
Top of a Pole at Belleville, N. J.

Bevievit.e, N. J., Sept, 16.--John W. War-
ner, a lineman in the employ of the New York
and New Jersey Telephone Company, had @
wonderful escape from being killed by elec~
tricity last night
a fellow workman, was on a pole on Washing-
ton avenue stringing wires when by mistake
he grasped a live wire, He gave a loud cry
and fell back against the pole. Spiker hast-
ened down the pole and tn a few minutes re-
turned with other linernen, The strap which
held the lineman to the crossbar had slipped
from his waist toward the neck and the arrival
of aid saved Warner from strangling to coats.
[he linemen lowered Warner to the rund,
A ont three inches long and an inch and a half
deep had been burned in the back of Warner's
right arm and his back and legs were terribly
scorched. He has an even chance of recovery,

 

CYCLIST RAN DOWN PEDESTRIAN.

Then a Car Tossed Both About and They're
in the Hospital.

John Clark of 244 East Fifty-ninth street, a
ferryboat deck hand, in crossing Fifty-atxth
atreet last night did not notice Charles Adampz,
17 years old, of 919 Third avenue, who was
riding a bicycledown the hill along the cable
slot. Adampz did not notice Clark either till
bicyclist and pedestrian collided. Before either
was able to pick himself up a Third avenue
trolley car, southbound, came down the hill and
banged into both. The bicycle wae smashed.
Clark sustained several bad scalp wounds.
Adampz had a bad scalp wound, a severe cut in
his left lew and internal injuries. Both were
tuken to Flower Hospital. The motorman of the
car was locked up

 

Lost Ring and Money in a Cab Ride,

Aman, whosaid he was John Whalen of 132
Park row, accused Lou's Vossier, a cabman, of
339 West Thirteenth street, in the Jefferson
Market police court of robbing him, Whalen
said he went to sleepearly yesterday morning
in Vossler’s cab and when he awoke his $65 ring
and $35in money were gone. He made the cab-
man take him to the Charles «treet station
where Vossler was locked up. Magistrate Deuel
heid the cabman for examination.

 

Girl Wife Dies of a Morphine Dose.

Mra Judah Fleeg?, 16 years old, of 410 West
Twenty-third street died early yesterday morn-
ing in New York Hospital of morphine poison-
ing. She was found unconscious in bed on Sat-
urday afternon by her husband, Charles Kk
Fleege, who isan agentofa Newark jewelry
concern. Fleeg* is under 21 years old) The
couple had been married only six months

 

THE REAL ESTATE BOARD OF BROKER,

are using THe SUN as an official authority on
all roatters appertaining to Real Estate A
more comprehensive and detailed form of
general news information ts not to be found
h any other publication,—Adv.

———— ee

——__———— ee

Warner, with A. E. Spiker, |

 

| was allowed to t

ROOSEVELT’S DAY OF REST.

UNEVENTFUL TRIP FROM BISMARCK TO
MEDORA, MONTANA.

It Was Sunday and the Governor Refused to
Make Speeches, but at the Various Stations
He Shook Hands With the People and Saw
a Lot of Men He Had Known on the Ranges.

GLENDIVE, Mon,., Sept, 16.-It has been @
day of friendly greeting and a renewal of remi-
niscevce of the border life for Gov, Roosevelt

Tt has been a most favorable break in the strain

of constant political talk and campaigning.

Senator Hansbrough told Col, Roosevelt yester-

day that the people of this part of the country

had looked for his coming ever since the Phila-
delphia Convention and would be grievously
disappointed if he did not speak to them, even
though it was Sunday. The Governor said that
he could not help it. He realized that a certain
number of stops must be made for railroad

On such if there were

people at the stations, he supposed that they

would fee! rather burt if he did not go out and
shake hands with them, and he was very glad
to have the chance to do s¢ It would be ever-
lastingly unfriendly of him to return all the
past kindnesses of his old neighbors by staying
shuthp in the “Minnesota” while his train was
standing in their presence

It was arranged that all haste should be mede
in reaching Medora, the nearest stafion to
the ranches the Governor used to own on the

Little Missouri. There he had a thoroughly

happy afternoon. His old friend, Sheriff Folles,

had a horse waiting for him and he went off
up into the plateaus of the Bad Lands and
was alone much of the afternoon

At Dickinson, N. D., where a was
made for water, folks had in from
the country for miles around to see the train
through. They were headed by two

Lutheran ministers from the German

ment in the back country and the pastor of the

Dickinson Congregational Chur The Gov-

ernor went down among the people and found

among them a lot of men he had known on the
of the first
down near
for-
and
There

reasons, occasions,

stop

come

pass
settle.

compan
regiment camped
remained in company
went over

There was a
Dakota
They
the
}

ranges
Nort?
the station
mation until
asked them tos
were eight or ten men in the crowd with whom
had worked in the round-up
and five times as many with whom he had speak-
ing acquaintance A large delegation of Ger-
mans was brought up to the Governor and
he spoke with many of them in German

From Dickinson the train ran down into the
Bad Lands. On the top of the rise that ends
at Fribure is a sign, with letters two feet high,

inscribed with its name, anda sidetrack, nothing
in sight, though

Chovernor
hands with him

  

the Governor

THE SUN, MONDAY,

 

CO ee O Oo r'|!-._..O CO DT OS scree
—_

more jhere is not a house

the ground is high above the surrounding
eountry 4 mile beyond is where “Bad Lands
Charley” stands guard over his domain, as he |

iand, since the waters washed
the earth away from the petrified roote that
make his forn Almost before any one could
realize it the train was whipping in and out
of the buttes and the gullies where the hills
make faces at mankind and the rocks blaze
out on paths of blue-gray sage brush

Joe Ferris, who was one of the Governor A
men on the Elkhorn Ranch, went with him on
the Minnesota from Bismarck to Medora. They
sat wide by side in front of the windows, and
every twisted, craggy butte reminded them
of their cow-punching days. doe wondered
if the Governor remembered “the Pike,” who
waa the bad man of Medora twelve years ago.
The Governor did remember how “the Pike
had come into town one day and had offered
to lick the town, one at a time He licked two
but Snyder got him down and knelt on his chest
and pounded his face with a rock as big asa
coffee cup. Of course the Governor said every-

has stood, gunin

body thought that “the Pike’ was gone for
good, but Snyder knew him better, for he
pounded and pounded away At last he yelled
most plaintively “Somebody come anc hold
him while I get off; he's tiring me out

the Governor wanted to an what had
become of Hell Roaring Bill Jones, w ho waa

Sheriff when the Governor was deputy Sheriff
and Ferris was moved to tell the story of Bill
Jones and the lunatic, ‘The lunatic was put
off a train because he shot a man on a Northern
Pacific train just out of Mandan, The conduc-
tor went out on the platform at Medora and
asked if there was a peace officer there, and,
as Bill Jones said afterward he was just foo
enough to say, “That's me lie took the
Junatic and kept him in the jail, Snyder could
run considerable, and sometimes they used to
Jet the lunatic out on the prairie and iet Snyder
run him down, giving the lunatic forty and @

    

hundred yards start. Ii the lunatto had
got away from Sn) der they might have had
to take a horse and catch him, but they never
did. But Rill got awfully tired of re
that hinatic there was a mean mah name
Rixby, the one the Governor knew was killed
afterward, who kept coming around the jail

Nghts and whispering to the lunatic that he'd

fot him out and the tunatie could skull Hell
Roaring Bul and get away But Bill fixed
Bixby. He rigged a rope around ie outside
of the jai! and fixed {ft on the lateh of the door
s0 that the next time Bixby came sneaking
around the Sheriff pulled the string and the
lunatic got out [hat was the time when
Bixby's nose was bitten off

At Medora forty or more of Gov. Roose.
velt's old friends were gathered on the plat-
form to meet him. There was the widow
Roberts, with a lot of her daughters, who were
ehiidren when the Governor was riding the
ranges. There was George Myers, who took
the Governor by the arm and hustled him
down the platform, and said to him with the
utmost gravity

“Do vou remember the time wewere out after
mountain sheep and J] made green biscuits
for you?

Ido,” said the Governor, “Ido, George, and
I remember the time you fried the beans with
rosin instead of lard.” :

George cackled for joy and sald: “Well
now, Governor, | was thinking it would be a
good idea to get that man Bryan up here and
see what that kind of biscuit would do for
him.”

Along came one Owens, known to all the Little
Missouri country as a life-long Democrat.

We was going to have a convention of Medora
Democrats yesterday afternoon to decide
what we was to do about your nomination, but
I got kind of fut. Bill, you remember my
brother, he got kind of full, and when the old
fellow over the river come over, which he hac
told him to be Secretary, we was both asleep
and he couldn't wake us up, and there was no-
hody to make a motion, and the darned con-
vention was adjourned. We ain't feeling
strong on Deroeracy this year, eomehow.”

Fd Dietz, an old hunting crony of the Gove
ernor’s, imped up kd wasn't feeling good
A recent dimeults with a bucking horse had
jammed him up some, and his leelings felt
worse than his ribs) There was a still pending
difference of opinion as to whether he had been

thrown or whether the horse had lain down
on him and rolled him. off, which no
man can well help Nearly every man
in the gathering had some incident
for the Governor and a two-horse team

for the tenderfoot bunch, to wit: the Hon. John
Proctor Clarke of the city of New York and Col,
Curtis Guild of the city of Boston, They went
one way and the Governor went another, From
time to time afterward he Was seen on the edge
of one or anotier of thebuttes that tower over
the little settlement. He came back In two
hours with his face burned and his eyes spark-
ling, his right arn swinging free, cowboy
fashion, as he galloped in.

It was good to hear what Foley and Folles

 

and Dietz and Farris and the rest had to say of |

Pettigrew's remark the other day that he didn't
believe Roosevelt could rope a steer if he tried,
They did not say things about the Senator
that could well be repeated in Tur Stuy, but
the genera! drift of their remarks was
that if ever they wanted help ina round-up
or for any kind of range work, Teddy Roose-
velt was plenty good enough for them if he
wanted a job Folles incidentally is a man
who rides from 6 to 1% miles a day with
cattle nearly every day of his life. In the Bad
Lands his judgment commands respect

One by one hefore the train left Medora the
cow punchers told the Governor that they were
surely going to vote for him, though he might
remember them as Democrats or as men who
never voted. When the train drew awny from
the station they wrung his hands, and some of
the party thought he would be permanently
injured, They jumped down from the platform
and gathered [nto a knot and cheered again and
again. When the train roared over the Little
Missouri, and into the piebald buttes again, the
last glimpse of them showed them still stand-
ing there with their hats whirling over their
heads.

It was but a run of an hour or two before
the train was out of the Bad Lands andin the
open prairie at Wibaux, A eton was made
for orders and the Governor met old man Brophy,
who was with him on the famous occasion when
a bad man undertook to bulldoze the Governor
as a tenderfoot in a Wibaux rum hole, and,
as old man Brophy save, “got euch @ hit that
he clean forgot how to shoot.” The appear-
ance of the place was almost a shock to th
Governor, ao much had it changed. a oad
that it was 200 vears ahead o the
point in civilization where it was when he last
aaw it. A decent hotel was in place of the
dugout burrow in which old man Brophy saw
the bad man get hit. There was a church with
green sod around it and fence. It might

have heen in New England town
du fis day the train stopped

Altogether during
eight stations At nearly every etation
re came with their people to greet the
Not a word of politics was spoken
me with Gov. Roosevelt,
nd so far as could be helped, except among
the Governor's old friends at. Medora, no ‘one
k politics to him. }

at
minis
Governor.
by any one who

  

DOWIEITES HUN OUT OF TOWN.

 

Mob Stones a House in Mansfeld, Ohio, Where
Zion Services Were Being Held.

MANSFIELD, Ohio, Sept. 16.—The most violent
outbreak against the Dowileites since July
occurred to-day. Ephraiin Basinger, a Dowle

SEPTEMBER 17, 1900.

 

elder, came into town quietly yesterday and |

was in hiding at the home of E. H. Leiby, a
local member of the Zion Church, He was
conducting religious services at Leiby'* home
to-day when a mob gathered and began to stone
the house, the telephone wires from the house
having previously been cut by the mob to pre-
vent the sencing in of a call for the police,
Hearing of the trouble, James P. Seward, lewal

adviser to the municipal authorities, went to
the Leitby residence where the mob wus con-
tinually increasing in numbers and found it

advisable to notify the authorities of the situa-
tion ana to call for police protection,

Meantime, bkider Basinger had Lecome very
much alarmed for bls personal safety and de-
sired to wo to the station and get away on the
first train, Attorney Seward addressed the
mob and told of Basinger's desires, and upon
ussurances that no molestation would be
offered, Basinger and Seward started for the
train, the mob accompanying them. They
arrived a few ioloutes late for the westbound
train on the Pennsylvania Kailroid, and Bas-
inwer was taken to the waiting room where he
was under euard of the police

Meanwhile the mob decided that it would be
a good idea to chase BE. H. Lelby, whose home
has been headquarters for the visiting Dowle
elders, out of town, A larwe crowd went to his
home and broke in a panel of the kitchen door
and broke down another door and took forcible
yoaseasion of Leiby. His wife besged that
‘rank Calver, a neighbor and Dowlelte, be
allowed to go along to see that no harm befell
her husband, The mob thereupon took charge
of Calver, and the possession started for the
station again. On the way there were heated
discussions as to the propriety of taking the
mento the gas house and tarring and feathering
thei, but milder counsel prevailed, and they
were escorted to the station where Basinger
waa under guard. At 1:45 o'clock all three
boarded a train thoroughly frightened and alad
to get away from the mob

FREEHOLD MAN'S SUICIDE,

He Had Shot at His Wife and Fied—Body
Found to a Mill Pond.

Freenoup, N, J, Sept. 16.-Frank Grants,
who murderously assanited his wife on Friday
afternoon, committed suicide the same night
at the Blue Ball Mill Pond near here, and his
body waa found at noon to-day partially sub-
merged in the water, Joseph Nevis, who lives
nearby, the body. He notified

Coroner Vanderveer, who empanelled a jury,
and proceeded to the place where the body was
found They found that Grants came to his
death from a bullet fired i-to the mouth and
that the body had been in the water about two

discovered

davs, Granty was a nickel polisher by trade,
but recently became proprietor of the West
Freehold Hotel, Trouble arose between him
and his wife. Grant, was arrested and his
wife became proprietor. Last Friday afternoon
Grantz, W hile under the influence of liquor,

and, drawing a_revolver,

visited the hotel
just wraved his wife's head

fired a bullet that

She fainted, and Grantz, evidently thinkin
he had killed her. fled. A Warrant was inaled
for his arrest, but no trace of him eould be

found until the finding of the body to-day

YT

al home.

 

You will never find our Doc-
tor out. He is here to give
advice without charge to those
who need him—to those who
don’t, sometimes. He doesn’t
always recommend the Ayer
medicines, because the Ayer
medicines are not “cure-alls.”’

Perhaps if we tear a leaf
from his correspondence it will
show you what we mean. Here
is a letter which came last

March.

“Dear Dr. Aver:

I want your advice for my little boy.
He is getting very thin. He has no ap
tite. He is fifteen years old. When he
was four years old he had Inng fever, but
his health was good until two years ago,
Since then he is failing fast. The doctors
here say he has the bronchitis. Fle spits
all the time awful bad. The spits are big,
thick, and white. Yours truly,

Mrs. MARGARFT MURPHY,
March 30, 1900. Kinbrae, Minn.”

And this is the way the Doc-
tor answered Mrs. Murphy:

“DEAR MADAM:

* We enclose our book on The Throat
and Lungs, in which we trust you will find
just the information you desire,

“You should begin at once the use of
this Cherry Pectoral for your son, giving
it in moderate doses. Then procure some
good preparation of cod-liver oil, as
Scott’s Emulsion, and give him that, as
well. Pay particular attention to his diet,
giving him such nourishing foods as rare
steak, lamb chops, good milk, eggs, ete.
Above all, keep him out of doors all that
the weather permits, There is nothin
that will do him more good than plenty o
fresh air. Let him live out of doors all
that is possible. By carrying out these
general suggestions we shall hope to hear
soon that your son is improving in every
way. Very truly yours,

April 5, 1900. J. C. Avzr.”

You see, it wasn’t only the
Ayer medicines that we recom-
mended. The first idea of the
Doctor was to cure that boy.
The result is told in this letter :

“Dear Dr. Aver:

“My little boy has improved so much
since I received your advice that I want to
write and tell you how thankful I am.

“When I first wrote you, on March
30, he only weighed s0 pounds, but now
he weighs 82 unds; and all this gain
since the 8th of Apri, when I first began
to follow your directions,

“ Please let me thank you again for what
you have done for my boy.

uly 17, 1900, MARGARET Murpny.”

Perhaps it was the cod-
liver oil; perhaps it was the
Cherry Pectoral. Probably it
was both. But, more than
either, it was the good, sound
advice the Doctor gave in the
first place. We are here to
serve you in just the same way,
and we will tell you the medi-
cine for your case or tell you
what medicines to avoid.

Five out of ten of our cor-
respondents need a_ doctor
rather than a prepared medi-
cine, and we tell them so. If
the doctors only knew it, we
are working with them every
day.

J. C. Aver Company,

 

Practical Chemists, Lowell, Mass.
Ayer’ s Sarsaparilia Ayet’s Hair Vigor
Ayer's Pille Ayer's Cherry Pectoral
Ayer's Ague Core Ayers Comatone

A

REPUBLICANS WAKING UP:

NEWS FROM STATES THAT
BE BATTLEGROUNDS.

 

GooD
WILL

 

Gov. Roosevelt to Stir Up Missourl in Spite
of Its Big Bryan Plurality of 1896—-The
Middie West Aroused—-Fravklin Murphy
Reports a Hot Campaign tn New Jersey,

Now that the candidates, Republicans and
Democrats, for State offices have been nomi-
nated In New York, the national campaigners of
the two parties and their allies, the chairmen
and lieutenants of the two State committees are
getting down to business Chairman Hanna
of the Republican National Committee will be
in New York city for a short visit within ten
days and Chairman Odell and his associate
campaigners are hard at it every day at the
Fifth Avenue Hotel Senator Hanna is in daily
telephonic communication with Rastern head-
quarters. He speaks of the awaking of Ke-
publicans fn all the middle Westeru States
It is well known that Chairman Jones and his
Heutenants of the Democratic National Com-
nittee lave their directed qopecially
on Illinois and Indiana, MeKinley carried
Jilinois in 1896 by 142,498 plurality and Indiana
by 18,181 plurality In 1806 McKinley carried
Kentucky by the slender plurality of 281, West
Virginia by 11,487, Maryland by $2,224, Dela-
ware by 3,300, New Jersey by 87,602, and New
York by 268,460. The Republicans concede
that the outlook in some of these States indi-
cates a hard struggle and a close vote, but they
consider thut any of the Democratic

managers of getting West Virginia, New Jersey
and New York rest on & very silyht foundation,

Speaking of the situation In New Jersey,
National Committeeman Franklin Murphy said
yesterday that the outiook is most favorable
to the Republicans, “Ihe opening meetings of
the campaign this past week in Jersey City
and Elizabeth,” said Mr. Murphy, “were pro-
nounced successes, Both were overflow meet-
ings, and both equally remarkable for en-
thusiasm. This is worthy of notice, as show-
ing that all the different kinds of communities
are equally affected, for those two cities are in
different sections and their conimunities are very
distinct in character the one fromthe other, The
apathy which was noticed earlier in the cam-
puign was due, | think, simply to the hot
weather, At all events, there nas been a great
awakening of energy among the New Jersey
{epublicans during the last few days and at the

vyes

hopes

State headquarters we have been kept very
busy With applications for speakers, docu-
ments, && fi is a fact, however, that the

Democrats are also ina regular cyclone of activ-
ity in New Jersey this year, and are pouring in
supplies of political ammunition in unlimited
quanltias, and we have no expectation of equal-

ling now the record-breaking Republican
majority of 87,000 in Ix, especial-
ly as our majority in the State was

only 6,000 in the local Senatorial election of
1808, In 1808 also the Democrata made special
and herculean efforts, and the Republicans
having no national issue at stake were not so
active and united as in 1896. But this year both
parties will do their best and 1 expect the Re-
Rpperans tocome out ahead bya good majority.

his opinion is based partly upon my personal
knowledge and observation of the Gold Demo-
erats, who are numerous in New Jersey, Some
of them doubtless have gone back to Bryan
but L have good reason to believe that most of
them will vote again for McKinley this year.”

All accounts received at. Republican head-
quarters thus far speak of probable Repub-
lican wains, rather than losses, in West Virginia,
and it is understood that the Democratic man-
agers privately allow that their information
is to the same effect

It is noticed that the National Honest Mone
League of Ciold Democrats in Kaltimore, which
did such Service in 1806, has just been reorgan-
ized, and the business men of that city have
gone to work again for McKinley with all their

former enthusiasm In reference to Ken-
tucky, the margin is 80 narrow” that
neither side ean apeak with con-

fidence, but a large mumber of communica-
tions have been received from Republicans in
that State, and from Democrats too, saying
that Kentucky will almost surely vote for
McKinley again. The battle in Delaware will
be hard fought, but if the Republicans can ail
vet together and keep together, it is hard to
see why they should not be able to repeat their
victory of 1806. Delaware is considered at
Republican headquarters a very important
State, not so much on account of her electoral
vote as because she has Senators to elect, and
if the Republicans should jose the State they

would jose both these Senators,
The latest advices at Republican headquarters
also represent constantly improvir Re-

publican prospects in Kansas, Nebraska and
he Rocky Mountain States, and the news from
all the Pactfic Coast States isuniformly favora-
ble to McKinley and Roosevelt

Just about these days one must expect to
read in the Bryanite newspapers alleged polis
of States giving rousing majorities (on paper)
to Hrvan In most instances these polls are
made up in the offices of the newspapers which
print them The registration days have not
yet begun and there Is no possible way except
by a house-to-house canvass to be made at an
expense equal to taking the national census that
such polls could be taken

Sanator Scott of the Fastern Speakers’ Bu-
reau Said last night at the Fifth Avenue. Hotel
that the itinerary of Gov. Roosevelt bad been
changed #o that the (iovernor could stir up
Missouri. Gov. Roosevelt will enter Missouri
the first week in Octobe Rryan carried
Missouri in 189 by 58,727 plurality. The voters
of the State, however, are greatly dissatisfied
with the course pursued by Gov. Stephens
in the recent surface railroad strikes in St.
Louls. when women and children were grossly
and openly abused in the streetaof St. Louls
and Gov. Stephens in no way lifted his hand
to check the lawlessness

 

NO HYDROPHORBIA IN ENGLAND.
Good Effect of the Regulations Regarding the
Importation of Dogs.

WASHINGTON, Sept. 16.-The State Depart-
ment has received from Lord Pauncefote, the
British Ambassador, @ memorandum as to the
importation of dogs into Great Britain. By
enforeing the strietest regulations in regard to
muzzling and the importation of dogs the dis-
ease of rabies in dogs and hydrophobia in
man has been practically stamped ont in Eng-
land, Under the present ruling of the Board of
Agriculture licenses must be obtained for the
landing of dogs in great Britain and a
penalty of £20 and the possible seizure of
the dog is enforced when a license is not ob-
tained. Masters of vessels are liable to prose-
eution if dogs are landed illegally, and cannot
accept dogs for shipment to Great Britain unleas
the license ja shown at the port of embarkation,
Imported dogs are isolated for from four to six
months and are moved about only upon license
from the board, When taken out for exercise
they must be properly muzzled and in charge of
competent persons, The memorandum says:

“The experience of the hoard has olearly
shown (hat the frequent movement of pet dogs
to and from the Continent involves this country
in serious danger, inasmuch as apet dog may
become infected with rabies withou the
knowledee and despite the utmoet cr P) on the
part of its owner. It is therefore a matter of
great importance to owners of dogs in Great
Britain that dogs from abroad should only be
admitted in instances where it has n satis-
factorily established that some useful purpore
will be served by their admission, or where a
vot dow would otherwise he separated from
ts owner for a prolonged period. Peat dogs
should not be taken abroad and thus exposed
to the risk of infection, excepting casas of real
necessity.”

Populations of the Cities.

WASHINGTON, Sept. 16-The Census Bureau
have announced the following populations:

Norfolk, Va., 46,624; increase, 11,758, or 83.70
per cent

Newport, Ky., 28,901; Increase, 8,838, or 18.58
per cent, .

Salem, Mass., 85,956; Increase, 6,155, or 16.74
per cent. a

Oshkosh, Wis., 28,284; increase, 5,448, or 28.86
percent,

Superior, Wis, 31,091; {norease, 19,108 or

159.468 per cent
Brockton, Mass., 40,068;
46.78 per cent
New Britain, Conn., 25,008; Increase, 9,479 or
67.38 per vent

increase, 12,769 or

FIREMEN OVERCOME BY SMOKR.

Blaze tn Brooklyn Started by Peanut Maca-
roon Farnace.

Fire was discovered in the cellar of the three-
story brick building, 74 Fort Greene place,
Brooklyn, yesterday afternoon. It was caused
by an overheated furnace used in the rnanufac-
ture of peanut macaroons by A. Van Prageg,
who has his store on the ground floor The
danse «smoke made it extremely dificult for the
firemen to fight the flames and several of them
were overcome, The flames extended to the
four-story brick bullding at 711 Fulton street.
Three alarms were sentin, The damage is es-
timated at $25,000.

 

JOTTINGS AROUT TOWN.

Mrs. Annie Hofstetter of 76 Delancey street, de
indent because her husband was out of work, drank
carbolic acid on Saturday. Her two children wit-
neseed her ect, and screamed to neighbors for help,

he was taken to Gouverneur Hospital, where ahe died
ast night
Charlies Moore, & negro, bell boy at 605 Madison

evenue, was held in the Yorkville police court yester-
y on the charge of having stolen 4 pair of opera
Aases, 4 erenene and some money from the room of
iss Harriet Evtison, a Kansas student having 4 room
in the house,

 
 

 

  

  

A SODA FOUNTAIN

  

—

FOR EVERY HOME -

 

——— $e”

TRADE MARK

Small Steel Capsules, Filled

With Liquid Carbonic-Acid-Gas

MAKE ALL DRINKS SPARKLING.

The first School days are hard on the children. They should
have little treats when they come home. Get some fruit syrups and

a supply of SPARKLETS, and let
the young people have the fun of
fixing soda water for themselves.
The price of one glass at the
druggist’s will pay for five at home.

Pint bottles, $1.50 up.

Pint syphon attachments, 50 cts.

Quart syphons, $3.00 up.
Pint SPARKLETS (10 in a box)

Quart SPARKLETS (10 in a box), 40 cts.

Mineral Tablets and Fruit Syrups
All Dealers.

Write for Booklet.

   
 

» 25 cts.

Furnished.

Compressed Gas Capsule Co., B’way & 25th St., N. Y. City.

 

 

If a Hook *% 2%

or an eye pulls out of shape, and bends, it means instant’

untidiness and speedy ruin to the gown.

The

SNAP HOOK AND EYE

THE HOOK OF 1900

is made of the finest spring

carbon steel and is practically

indestructible.

If your dealer does not keep them, send 10 cents for a sample card.
Say whether white or black.

SNAP HOOK & EYE CO.,

  

M'RKINLEY MUCH IMPROVED.

His Complete Rest Restores His Usual Geod
Health and Spirits.

CANTON, Ohio, Sept. 16.--President MoKialey
fs very much better to-day and seemed to be
in his usual good health and spirits, the abso-
ute reat and quiet of yesterday having had
the desired effect. He remained just about
as quiet to-day, however, and secured a great
deal of rest and sleep. A few callers were re-
ceived, but they were personal friends and
neighbors who called to see either the President
or Mra. McKinley in a neighborly fashion.
During the morning a drive was taken to West
Lawn Cemetery to place some flowers on the
graves of the McKinley children and of other
relatives buried there, In the afternoon an-
other short drive wasftaken about the city by
President and Mrs. McKinley.

The only distant visitor during the day was
Judge McAtee of the Indian Territory, who
merely made“an appointment to see the Presi-
dent on Monday morning. No programme
is announced for the week, but it {s expected
that a number of well-known men in the cam-
paign will be hereduring the campaign. Chair-
man Dick will probably be here to talk over
the Ohio situation.

There are etill no indications at the house
that the @ates are going to be thrown open to
delegations, though it is known that many
of them would like to arrange a date. It is
understood that the President and those asso-
clated with him discourage all such overtures
on the ground that McKinley is here subject to
a call to Washington ata moment's notice and
hence in no position to make dates ahead.
He also remains averse to entering upon @
apeaking part in the campaign.

840,000 Fire in Amsterdam,

AmaTerpaM, N. Y., Sept. 16—Farly this
morning the dry gooda store of Young & Striker
in the Miller block was gutted by fire, entailing
aloss of over $30,000. The furniture store of
Hanson & Dickson, the crockery store of Hugh
Donlan and the book store of Seeley Conover
were badiy damaged. A number of offices on
the second floor of the block were damaged by
water andsmoke. Theentire loss is estimated
at $40,000. Amos Brown and wife, who occu-
pled living quarters in the block, narrowly es-
caped being burned. Their household effeo
were destroyed. The property is fully covere
by Insurance.

 

India Famine Relief Fand.

John Crosby Brown, 59 Wall ecreet, Treasurer
of the Committee of One Hundred on India

Famine Relief, reports contributions of $216.48
received on Saturday last, making @ total to date
of $238,376.98.

 

 

377 Broadway, N. Y. City.

    

TOOK A CAPSULE AND DIED.

 

Drag Clerk's Parents Think He Swallowed
Poison by Mistake.

Thomas Burnett, 1 drug clerk, 21 years old,
died suddenly yesterday afternoon at his home,
540 Fast Fourteenth street, after taking what
was probably some poison. He left the dinner
table, saying thathe had a bad headache and
was going to take a capsule’ He brought the

capsule out fro his room and swallowed it,

Boon afterward he became iil and before a

doctor arrived was dead. The young man's

parents regard his death asan accident. They
said he had no reason for committing suicide,

An autopsy will be made to determine the cause
of death.
|
|
|
|

Tarkish Table Etiquette.

From London Tit-Bita

Of late years some Turkish households have
become considerably modernized in their ar
rangeinents, even aping the ways of Parts
But conservative Turks frown on such new-

fangled ways.

In a conservative Turkish household, rich
or poor, no tables are used and chairs are un-
known. Instead, there is a huge wooden
frame in the middle of the room about elgh-
teen inches high. When the family -the men
only--assembles to dine cushions are brought,
laced upon the frame, and on these the mem-
eres seat themselves tailor fashion, forming
a circle around a large tray.

The tray is a very large wooden, plated or
silver affair, according to the financial condi-
tion of the family, and thereon is deposited
a capacious bow!. About it are ranged saucers
of sliced cheese, anchovies, caviare and sweet-
meats. Interspersed with these are goblets
of sherbet, pieces of hot unleavened bread
and box wond enoems.

Knives, forks and plates do not figure in
the service, but each has a napkin spread upon
his knees, and every one, armed with a spoon,
hele himself.

he bow! ia presently borne away an an-
other dish takes its place. This time 1 a
Sonsiomeration of substantials stewed _to-

gether, such as mutton, game or poultry. The
meas has been divided by the cook tnto por-
tlons, which are dipped up with the aid of a
spoon or with the fingers

or the host to fish out of the mess a wing
or leg of a fowl and present it to @ quest Fog
sidered a great compliment, and for a Turk of
high degree to roll a morse] between bh foe
and put it into the mouth of a visitor is loo
npon as good manners.

Charch Quickly Cleared of Debt.

The new Methodist Episcopal Church in Neek
road, Gravesend, was dedicated last night.
The Rev. Dr. James 8. Chadwick conducted the
services. He was assisted by the Rev. Dr.
Peter Van Buskirk, the Rev. Dr. Arthur Burt
and the Rev, Dr. (Otto Bartholow. It ven oe
nounced that there was still $! 000 indeed neas
on the church and that Mr. William C they
had ocntributed another $100 toward the wip-
ing of it out. Magistrate Teale of Brooklyn
also contributed $100. The amoupt needed to
clear the church of debt was raised.

 

~ School

need a nutritious Breakfast.

Children

It must also be easily digested.

COOK’S FLAKED RICE

tissue

All

 

combines these essentials, and is also a

builder. Being prepared on the

table in an instant, it can be enjoyed
even on the busiest morning.

ABSOLUTELY NO COOKING.

Full directions and book of tested receipts

in every package,

Grocers. Large package, t5 Cts,