GOV, ROOSEVELT’S LETTER:

WHE NATION'S HONOR AND WELFARE
AT STAKE IN THE FLECTION.
Whe Principles of the Kansas City Platform,

He Says, Mean Reaction and Disorder,
Financial Chaos, the Disbenor of the Flag
and aa Unworthy Surrender of Our
National Kights Parallel Between Ex-
pansion Under Jefferson and Expansion
Under McKinley—Nothing Resembitng Im-
fa Oar
Any

perialiom or Militarism Involved

Present Polley ia the Philippines,
More Than in Jefferson's Policy in Lontstana

Ovaren Bay, N. Y¥., Sept. 15, 1900
fo ifon Edward O. Wolcott, Chairman Come
vitttea on Notification of Vice-T’resident

Bin: I accept the nomination os Vice-Preel-
dent of the United States, tendered mo by the
Republican Nutlennl Convention with a very
deep sense of the honor conferred upon me
and with an infinitely deeper sense of the vital
importance to the whole country of securing
the reflection of President McKinley. The
pation’s welfare is at etaka We must con-
thoue the work which has been so well begun
during the present administration. We must
show in fashion incapable of being misunder-
stood that the American people, at the begin-
ning of the twentieth century, face their du-
ties ip a calm and serious spirit; that they bave
no Intention of permitting folly or lawlees-
neas to mar the extraordinary material well-
being which they have attained at home, nor
yet of permitting their flag to be dishonored
abroad.

I feel that this contest is by no means one
merely between Kepublicans and Democrats,
We have aright to appeal to all good citizens
who ere far sighted enough to see what the
honor and the interest of the nation demand,
To put into practioe the principles emb« died
p the Kansas City platform would mean grave
disaster to the nation; for that platform stands
for reaction and disorder; for an upsetting of our
financial system, which would mean not only
grent’ suffering, but the abandonment of the
nation’s good faith; and for a policy at road
which would imply the dishonor of the flag
of our national

and an unworthy surrender

rights Its suecess would mean unspeakable
humiliation to men proud of their country,
jealous of their country’s good namie, a d de-
airous of securing the welfare of thetr fellow
citizens. Therefore we have @ right to

appeal to all good men, North a

and West, whatever their politics may
bean in the past, to stand with us, because
we stand for the prosperity of the country

wo of the American flag

The most imy f all problems ts, of
course, that of securing good government and
moral and matertal well-betng within our bor
ders. Greatthough the need ts that the nation
should do Ita work well abroad, even this conios
eecond to the thorough performance of duty
at home. Under the adnintatration of Pre«l-
dent McKinley this country haa been bless d
with a degree of prosperity absolutely unparal-
previous prosperots history

and for the rene

ortant

leled even in its
While tt ta of course trie that no legis!
and no adminietration can bring
those who are not steut of heart, eool of head
and ready of hand, yet It 14 no less true that the
tndividual capacity of each man to get good
resulta for himeelf can be absolutely destrored
by bad legislation or bad administration, while
under the reverse conditions the power of the
individual to do good work is asared and
stimulated. This {s what has besn done under
the administration of Prasident MoKinley.
Thanka to his actions and to the wise legtsia-
tion of Congress on the tariff and finance, the
conditions of our industrial ifs have been ren-
dered more favorable than ever before, and they
have been taken advantage of to the full br
Amertoan thrift, industry and enterprise.
Order has been observed, the courts upheld
and the fullest liberty secured to all citizens.
The merchant and manufacturer, but above
all the farmer and the wageworker, have
profited by this state of things

Fundamentally and primarily, the present
contest is a contest for the continuance of the
conditions which have told in favor of our
material welfare and of our civil and political
integrity. If this nation ts to retain etther
{ts well-being or its self respect, ft cannot afford
to plunge tnto financial and economle chaos;
it cannot aff ord to indorse governmental the-
ortes which would unsettle the standard of
national honest y and destroy the Integrity
of our system of Justice
coinage of silver ataratioof 1#@tolisa yolicy
fraught with destruction to every home tn
the land, It means untold misery to the head
of every household, and, above all, to the women
and children of every home
nents champion free © ratiétol they ere
either insincere or sincere tn thefr attitude
If insincere in their champlonship they, of
course, forfeit ali right to bellef or support
on any ground If sincere, then they are a
menace to the welfare ofthe country Whether
they shout their sinister purpose or merely
whisper {t makes but little difference, save as
it reflecta thelr nesty. No t{ssue can
be paramount to the jasue they thus make, for

the paramountcy ¢ f such an issue Is to be de
termined, not by the diitum of ans man or
but by the fact that it vitally af-
f every home in the land.
always of such far-
reaching and tre fmportance to the
national welfare that it can never be raised in
ood faith unless this tremnendous tmportar
a not merely conceded but Insisted on Men
who are not willing to make such an issue para-
mount have no possible queHs ation for rais-
ing it at all, for under such clreumstances their
act cannot uoder any conceivabie
stances do anua@ht but @rave harm
The success of the pay representing the
principles enibodied in the Kansas City platform
would bring about the destruction of ai! the
conditions necessary to the continuance of our
prosperity. lt would also unsettle our whole
overnmental system, and would therefore
laarrange all the vast and delicate machinery
of our complex industrial fe. Above all, the
effect would be rufnous to our finances. If we
are to prosper, the currency of this country
must be ased upon the gold dollar worth
10) vents The stability of our ourreney
has been greatly inorvased by the excellent
financial act passed by the last Congress. Tut
no law can secure our finances against the ef-
feet of unwige and ena ag Mpnagement tn

success fo

own |

 

 

body of men
focta the well-being
The financtal quest

ion ja
endous

   
  

   

 

clreum-

the hands of uniriendly adimuiustrators No

¥ can safely be intrusted with the manage
meut of our national affairs unless " accepts as
axiomatio the truths recognized tp all pro.
gressive countries us sesential @ sound and
Proper systern uf finance In thelr essence these

must be the samo for all great cfyilizec
peoples. In differeut stages of evelopment,
different counules face varying economic

conditions, but at every stage and under all
circumstances the most important element
iP securing tholr economle well-being ts sound
Dance, hopest moge + &o intimate is the
connection between industrial
@ sound currency phat the former is
ardized, not merely by unsound finance,
ut by the very threat of unsound finance,
he business man and the farmer are vitaliv
ntereated {n this question: but no man's {n-
reat is #0 great as that of the wage worker
A depreciated currency moans loss and «{«as-
ter to the busiuesa man; but it means grim
suttering to the wage worker. The capitalist
ose muoh of his capital and will suffer
b@ auxiety and the logs of many com-
forts; but the wage worker who loses his wages
ust suffer, ani #09 Lis wife and ontidren gif-
er, for the actual necessities of Iliffe. Tha
° absciutely vital new! of our whole indus-
systern ts sound money
One of the serious proolems with which we
are confrouted under the conditions of our
e ro industrial civilleation is that presented
e erent busines combinations, which are
gynerally Bnown under the name of tru
epredien le anex wadinaly diMeult ana ‘
the diflimilty is immense v segravated hot? h
honest. bit wrongehended attucka an « ur wh o
industrial eyetem in the effort to remove some
of the evila connected with it. and by the mle
chievous advice of man who alther thint « rooke
et or who advance remedies knowing them
0 ineffective, but deaming that t}
by darkening counsel, achieve for themealyves
@ epurious reputation for wiedom. No good
whatever ia silserved by erimtinate de
Mynetation t tions @ ” \ nd
all fr ] vy thar ;

rosperity and
jao-

 

 

 

 

ey mor

 

1

me of Industria Ap
tioular: and when th bile denunciatah
accompanied he privat ant + male
CoTPporations® denon nee! a alteaas
to give an al ¢ nree he cae
ment. Nevertin
there is «4 la teas ¢
these abiuana 4

  

val

     

Without afact or alee " { } ;
The fir ot thing to do aon And et the? t
and for this purpose publtetts as to .

Yon, prouts avd all else

eapitalipn-
of importance to the

nd South, Fast
have | of

 

 

 

The policy of the free |

When our oppo- |

|
a
{ncluded what are now the States of Arkansas,

    

 

publie is the most useful measure. 16 mere
act of this publicity would in itself remedy
} certain evils, and, as to the others, it would in
some cases polat out the remedies, and would
at least enable us to tell whether or not certain
proposed pemedies would be useful The tate
acting in its collective capacity would thus first
find out the facts and then be pble to take such
measures us wisdom dietatec Much can be
done by taxation. Even more can be done by
regulation, by close supervision, aud the un-
spring excision of all unhealthy, destructive
and anti-social elements. The separate State
governinents can do a great deal; and where
they decllue to codperate the National Gov-

ertunent muet step it
While paying heed to the necessity of keep-
ing our hotise tn order at home, the American
people cannot, If they wish |
respeot, refrain from doing (heir duty a8 a great
nation in the world The history of the nathon
{a in large part the ludstory of the nation’s ex-
4 hen the fist Continental Cong ress

 

| pansion
nm !
Ktntes dec
ward Ilralt of the country was marked by the
Alleghany Mountains. Even during the Keve
olutionary War the work of expansion went
on. Kentucky, Tennessee end the great North-
sat, then known 48 the lilinola country, were
conquered frown our white and Indian foes
during the Kevolutlonary struggle and were
confirmed to us by the treaty of peace in 1753.
Jet the land thus confirmed was not then given
to us It was held by an alien foe unl the
army under Gen. Anthony Wayne freed Ohio
from the red man, while the treaties of Jay
and Pinckney secured from the Spanish and
British Natchez and Detrott
In 180%, under President Jefferson, the great-
eat single stride in expansion that we ever took
was taken by the purchase of the Loulsiana
This so-called Loulslana, . which

=

 

} urt, Louisiana, Iowa, Minnesota, Kansas,
Nebraska, North and South Dakota, Idaho
Montana and a large part of Colorado and
Utah, was acquired by treaty and purchuse
under Prest font Jefferaon exactly and precisely
as the Philippines haye been acquitea by treaty
and purchase under President McKinley The
doctrine of “the consent of the governed,

the doctrine previously eninclated by Jefferson
n the Declaration of Independence, was not
veld by him or by any other sane man toapply
© the Indian tribes {n the Louisiana territory
which he thie acquired, and there was no vote
taken even of the white [nhabitants, not to speak
of the negroes and Indiana, as to whether
they were willing that their territory should be
annexed, The great majority of the tnhabi-

tants, white and colored allke, were bitterly op-
armed force of

M

 

» retalu thelr self |

Liberty Hall and the thirteen original |
jared themselves a nation, the weste |

THE SUN, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 17,

 

 

or imperialism than had ir presence in the
Dakotas, Minnesota and Wyoming during
the many yeare which elapsed before the final
outbreaks of the Siowx were definitely put
down. Th is no more militarism of tm-
eriniso iu garrisoulng Iaeon until order
f restored there than there was imperialism
in gending evidiers to Bouth Dakota In 180,
suring the Ogallalla outbreak. The reason-
ing which justifies our having made war agains
Sitting Bull also justifies our having checke
the outbreaks of Aguinaldo and bis followem
directed, as they Were, against Filipino and
Alnerican alike

the only certain way of rendering it beces-
gary for our opublic to evter on a career of
“militarism” would be to abandon the Philip-
pines to their own Uibes, and at the same tiie
either to g@uaratitee a stable governinent among
} these tribes or to guarantee them agaipet out-
side interference. A far larger army would
Le required to carry out any such policy than
will be required to secure order under the
American flaw; while the presence of this flag
on the islands is really tip only pose e seourity
| against outeide aggression be whole ar

 

 

 

ment aainst President McKinley's  poillcy

fn the Philippines becomes absurd when it is

coneeded that we should, to quote the lgnguage
| of the Kansas City platform, “give to the Ph 1
j ippines first a stable forin of government.

If = they are now entitle to inde-
pendence, they are also entiled tw
decide for themselves whether their

 

ized or savage, or whether they shall have any
government at all; while it 18, of course, equally
evident that under such conditions we have Lo
right whatever to guarantee them against out-
side interference any more than we have to
male such a guarantee in the case of the Bor-
ers (who are merely the Chinese analogues
of Aguinaldo’s followers). If we have a right
to establish a stable government in the islands
jt necessarily follows that it is not only our right
but our duty to support that government until
the natives gradually grow fit to sustain it
themselv How else will it be stable? The
miniite we leave it, it ceases to be stable
Properly sneaking, the question is now not
whether we ehall expand-—for wet ve already
xpanded—but whether we 8 contract.
ve Philippines are pow part of re.
territor Re surrender them wou be to
eurrender American territory. They must,
of course, be governed primarily in the In-
teresta of thelr own citizens. Our first care
must be for the people of the islands which
have come under our fruardianship as a result
of the most righteous foreign war that has been
waged within the memory of the present gene-
ration. They must be administered in the tn-
tereats of their inhabitants, and that necee-

government shall be stable or unstable, clvil-

  

 

nosed to the transfer. An

United States aoldiera had to be hastily sent | sarily means that any  queation of per-
{nto the territory to prevent tnaurrectlon, sonal or partisan polities in their ad
Proafdent Jefferaon sending thease troops to | munistration muat be entirely eliminated

loulsiana for exactly the same reasons anc
with exactly the aame purpose that President
McKinley has sent troops to the Philippines.
Jefferson distinctly atated that the Loulsiantans
were “not fit or ready for self-eovernment,”
and vears elapsed before they were aiven sell-

governinent, Jefferson appointing the Governor
and other oMctals without any a neurta tog
newly-aoquirec

with the inhabitants of the
The doetrine that the “Consti-
was not then even con-
erson or by any other
rit never entered thelr
ry should be governed

    
  

 

that a new

 
 

han In the way In which the territories
2ud [lf{nols had alres been governed
Washington and the eder Adatis, the

y Known by this utterly false and mis-
ng phrase was only struck out in poll jeal
yersy at a much later date, for the sole
oso of justifylug the extension of slavery

» the territories

» parallel between what Jefferson did with

 

 

 

   

  

fann and what is now being done in the
{ppines de exact. Jellerson, Un author
Declaration of Independence, and of
“consent of the governed” doctrine, saw

no incongruity between this and the establish-
ment of a governracnt o! Lamon sense grounds
{t w territory and he raided at the stick-
jlers for an impossible apritest of bis prin-
eiple, saying, it nguig? W h at the present
day applies to the situation in the Pliippines
without the change a word, “th hit is
l acknowledged that our new fellow-citizens
ar s yot as incapable of self-government a3

children, yet some eannet bring Uhenmelves
end its principles for a single moment

  

ta al

He ended that ultimately self-eovernment
should be Introduced throughout the terr{tory,
hut only as the different parts became fit for
it, and no sonner Thia fa Just the pol-
ley that has heen pursued In no
part of the Louisiana purchase was come

plete self-government Introduced for a number
of yeara: In one part of it, the Indian Terri-
torv, {t has not yet been introduced, although
nearly a century has elapsed, Over enormous
tracts of It, including the various Indian reser-
vations, with a territory in the amgre@ate ns
larve aa that of the Philippines, the Coneti-
tution has never yet “followed the flag:” the
army oMecer and the civillan agent still exer.
clee authority, without asking the “consent
of the governed We must proceed in the
Philippines with the come wise Caution, taking
each sucuessive step as it becomes desirable,
and acounmodating the detalie of our polloy
to the peou lar needs of the situation ut as
soon as the present revelt is put down and
order established, {t yf}! yndor tediy he por
sible to give to the {slauds # arger meneure
of seli-government than Jefferson originally
gave Louisiana

The next great step in expansion was the
acquisition of Florida, This wasp rtly acquired
by couqguest and partly by purchase, Andrew
Jackson being the most prominent figure lu
the acquisition, It was taken under President
Monroe, the after time President John Quiney
Adams belng active In securing the purchase
As tn the case of the Fahl ppings, lorida was
acquired by purchase from
the Seminoles, who had not been consulted
in the sale, rebelled and waged war exactly
ns some of the Tagals have rebelled and waged
war jn the Phillppines, The Semlrole War
lasted for many years, but President Monroe,

Adams and Jackson deciined for @ mement to

  

consider the question of a andoning Florida
to the Seruinoles, or to treat their non-consernt
to the Goverument of the United States as a

valid reason for turning over the territory

te them.

Our next acquisition of territory was that
of Texas, eecuted by treaty after it hat been
from the Mexicans by the Texans
themselves. Then came. the acquisition of
Callfornia, New Mexico, Arizona, Nevada and
arta of Colorado and Utah as the result of the
Mexican War, supp! sated five years later
by the Gadsden purchase

The next acquisition was that of Alaska,
raecured fromm Russia by treaty and purchase,
4lnska was full of natives, some of whom had
wall bevond the stage of savagery

wreated

 

advanced
and were Christians They were not con-
sulted about the purchase nor was their ac-

The purchase was mace
iuat put through a tri-
e Union and free the

quiescence rejuiret

by the men who had
umphant war to restore tl
elave: but vone of them mead tt necessary
to push the doctrine of the “consent ¢ f the gov-
erned” to a conclusion so fantaatle as to
sitate the turning over of Alaska to its original
owners, the Inclan and the Aleut 7;

ritles

     

t
Heces.

   

years the United Btates au
and elvil, exercised the supreme aut
@ tract of land many times larger

Philippines, in which it did not geem |

 

there would ever be any cousiderable
white inhabitants.
Nearly thirty years passed hefore the next

f expansion cecurred, which was

yatarioe
s “Teland

 

over tho f Hawall, An effort waa
made at the end of President Usrrison'’s ad
roinistr: thon fo seenre the annexation of Hawali

wag unsuceessful, In a dehite tn
2, 1894, one of the lenders,
{n opposing the annexation, of the islands
atated: “These islands are more than two thou-
eaand miles distant from our extreme weatern
boun (ary We have a serious race
now in our country, and I am not In favor of
adding to our domestic fabric a mongrel popula-
thon (of thls character), Our Constliution
makes no provislons for a
tabilshment Any Terrltorfal
we might establish would necessarily, becuuce
of the populition, bean ollgarchy, which would
have to be supported by armed soldiers.” Yet
Jawall has now bean annexed and her delegates
ave eat Intve National Conventions of the two
great parties ‘he reese then expressed In
relation to an “ollgarchy" and “armed soldiers”
are pot now seriously entersalped by any human
belng: yet they are precisely the objections
urged againat the acquisition of the Philip.
pines at this very moment
no new departure. Weare not taking a single
step which in any way affects_ our institutions
or our traditional policies. From the begin.
ning we have given widely varying degrees of
eelf-eovernoment to the different territortes,
acoording to their needs,

The simple truth fe that there fe nothing
even remotely resembling “imperlaliem” or
“militarisia” [nvolved In the present develop-
ynent of that polly of expansion which has

eon part of the history of America from the
day when she became a nation. The words
mean absolutely n thing ae applied to our
present posley in the Philippines: for this polley

muy imperlalistic in the sense that Jeferaon’s
policy {n Loufsfana was Iimpertallatio; only
military In the sense that Jackson's polley
toward the Reminoles or Custer's toward the
Sioux embodied militarfem: and there ie no
more danger of {te producing evil reeulte at
home now than there was of Ita Interfering
with freedom under Jofferson or Jackson, or
in the dave of the Indian wars.on the plains
Our army {a relatively not aa laree ag it woe
fn the days of Wayne: we have not one Reenlar
for every thousand inhabitants. There Is no
more daneer of a draft than there ia
Trelntroduction of slavery.

_ When we expanded over New Mexico and
California we secured free government to these

The effort
Congress on Feb

 

 

       

 

territories and prevented their falling under

the “militarism” of a dletatorship iike that of

Santa At r the “trom allem” ¢ a real

emire int days of Maximililan. We puta

a. to trorertaliem in Mexico as soon as the

Civil War ad We made a reat anti-in-

t wher ' the Spaniords

fr Porto Rieo and t ind thereby

ine ee r f if o

t t h t eur por’ hots ire

‘ s belne ered alone

the path t epondance rantidls pe

he wr citizens are content that she

e uld go. | or course the presence of
rool is the Philippines during the s

insurrection ki sno more to do with toilitarisen

|

= ay

pain, andin Florida |

Toblem |

colonial ea |
Government |

We are making |

 

 

of the |

1} We must continue fo put at the head of affairr

in the different lalanda aneh men as Gen, Wood,
Allen and Judge Taft, and itiaa most fort-

Gov
unate thing that we are able to Jlustrate
what ought to be done in the way of sending

 

offlcere thither by polnting out what actually
has been done tie ninor places in thelr
administration, where It Is impossible to fill
them by natives, muat be flied fy the etricteat
application of the merit avatem. It Is very
important that In our own home administration
the merely ministerial and administrative offices
the duties are entirely non-political
shall be filled absolutely without reference
to partisan aMiiations, but this ia many times
more important In the newly acquired islands
The merit a stem ts in its essence as demo-
eratic aa our commoneachool gvetem,. for. It
eimply means equal chances and fair play for
a!

 

where

a

It must be remembered always that rover.
ing these islands in the [nterest of the {nhabt-
tanta mar pot necessarily be fo govern them
as the {nhalitante at the moment prefer. To
grant self-government to Luzon under Amul-
naldo would be like granting self-government
te an Apache reservation under some loca)
chief: and this Is no more altered by the fact

would be by the fact that Apaches have lonw
heen trafned and emnloved in the United States
Army and have rendered signal service therein
inat as the Pawness did under the Administra-
thon of President Grant: just as the Stock+
hridwe Indians did in the dave of Gen Waeh-
{ngton, and the friendly tribes of the Six Na-
tions In the dave of Prewident Madfaon.

There are now in the United States com
munities of Indiane whieh have advanced #0
far that It has been poselble to embody them
aaa whole in our politieal syatem, all the metn-
here of the tribe becoming United States citl-
rene There are other communities where the
wk of the tribe are et{ll too wild for it to be nossl-
a to take such aeten. There are individuals
amone the Anaches, Pawnees, Iroquola, Stoux
and other tribes, who are now United States
citivens, and who are entitled to stand, and
de etand, on an absolute equality with all our
cltivens of pure white blood, Men of Indian
hlood are now serving in the aring and navy
and tn Congress and copupy high posttion

' t

 

both In e business’ and the polltt-
cal worl There {a every reason. why
as ranidly as av Indian, or any body of Indiana
becomes fit for self-aoverninent, he or it should
we granted the fullest equality with the whites:
Pad there would be no Justifieation whatever
{n treating tlis fact as a reason for ahandon-
{ne the wild tribes to work out their own de-
etrietion Fraetiv the seme rearoning ape
ples In the ease of the Philipnines. To turo
over the islands to Aguinaldo and his followers
would not be to etve self-government to the
falandera: under po circumstances would the
moatority thine gain relf-eoverrment. They
wonld @mply be put at the merer of a ayndicate
of Chimese half-breeds, under whem corrurtion
would flourteh far more freely than ever it
| fonrtahed under Tweed, while trrranical or-
pression would obtain toa deeree only possible

under euch an oligarchy Youre trolr,
THRoponk Roosrvert

BRYAN AS FAISE PROPITET,

| Was He Cheek Foough to Trv the Role Again
In Madieon Square Garden?
Cal Wiliam Jennings Bryan Is going to make
in Madison Rauare Garden on Oct. 16
along hia canvases for the Presidency,
and the Republicans who remember the nad-
dress he delivered {n the same place {n 189A,
when ha aceented the nomination for the hich
office to which he still aspires, are wondering
whether he will indulge in as much propheer
thia vear as he did then. Prvyan waa not a
Colonel then, and he was busy pledetnge him-
relf to the canae of ellver “until death.” He
need to make this pledge In every rpeech, and
then he would go on to tell what dire things
would happen ({f «fiver free coinage was not
adopted by the nation. Tlere Is a sample pro-
statement from his Madison Bquare

A Fpeer

to boost

 

phetic
| epeech of acceptance In 1896
| “It is only necessary to note the Incrensed
} number of failures In order to know that a gold
standard {s rufnous to merchants and mant-
facturers ”

fMryan was inthe habit of quoting from Dun's
“Review” then to support this statement, In
the year 1806, there were, according to this
authority, 15,088 failures in the United States,

 

the liabilities agwragating  #€226.906,894 The
“Review” for 1800 shows that the failures that
year were 0,397, with liabilities amounting

1 $00,870,580, oF only 40 per cent, of the HMabili-
ties of 1806, Next, Mr. bryan sald;
“Those who hold as permanent investment
the stock of railroads a id other euterprises
} are in ured by the gold standard, The rising
dollar destroys the earning power of these
enterprises without reducing their liabilities
| and as dividends cannot be paid until salaries
| uid fixed charges have been ratisfied those
stockholders must bear the burden,”

Hryan usually deseribes the stockholders
as tontacles of the horrid vetopus, but he seemed
| to have a little sympathy fer them then. He
j heed not have troubled hiinself. The gold
) standard has been tn effect ever since he made

this disheartening staternent in regard to the
| thrifty. But Poor's "Manual" shows that the
| dividends paid on railway stocks in 1606 were
$51,526,154, while [n 1808 they were $04,027,526

“Railroad rates have not been reduced to
keep pace with falling prices,” Mr. Bryan went
on to say. The ariner has thus found {t
more and more dificult to live. Has he not
jnet complaint agains the gold standard?”
| The farmers whom Bryan wept over in 1806

because freight rates had not been lowered

in proportion to falling prices were paying an
average of 17.11 centa in 1870 for transporta-
tion from Chicago to New York for each bushel
| of wheat. In 1800 the average cost of trana-
| portation per bushel was 6.65 cents, or 60 per
cent. less. Tut Mr. Bryan had another gloomy
! prediction for the farmers Te sald
| ‘Any legislation which lessens the worlds
stock of standard money tnereases the exe
changeable value of the dollar; therefore the
crusade against silver must ineritably ral
the purchasing power of money and lower
the money value of all other forms of prope

erty ”

Tie value of sheep in the United States tn
19806 was $45,167,795, and on Jan. J, 1900, it w
$122,098,013. The value of all farm anima
Was $1,727,020,084, and on Jan. 1, 1900,
50,578 ;
long as the scrainble for gold continues,”
seld Mr Bryan, “prices must fall, and a general
fall in prices ts but another definition for hard
tps
{ n the case of everything except silver, prices

have risen, not. fallen since Mr, Bryan Une

oursenee himself of this thought,

‘hese are only samples of the prophectes o
divaster Drvan reiterated throughout thar a
palgn, every one of whioh the event haa dia-
proves

When he comes here in October he will have
| an excellent opportunity to explain. He wil
j ait on the plat orm with the Hon. Richar
| t roker, who wants to have the coinage ratio o
' gold to silver changed every four years.

 

   

| A MATTER OF INTEREST TO
ESTATE DEALERS,
Ali neces-ary Keal Pstate News is print
compiete detall each day in Tur Sun, vyatee fe
js in your business, No other paper gives

REAL

such attention to this detall,—Ads,

that the Pulpines fought the Spantarda, than it |

 

 

 

THE TAMMANY ICE TRUST:

INSINCERITY OF BOSS CROKER'S CON-
DEMNATION OF IT.

 

Attorney-General Davies Tells Prof. lee Why
Fils Resotution Was Not Allowed te Be
Read in Croker'’s Convention, and Says
That Boss McLaughlin's Partnership With
Tammany itn tho Trost Foroed Him to

 

Oppose the Nomination of Bird 8. Coler, |

Aupany, Sept, 16.—-Prof, Duncan Campbell
Lee of Cornell University haa received a letter
from Attorney-General John C, Davies regard-
tng the action of the Attorney-CGeneral’s depart-
ment, with a view of preventing the operation
of Tammany’s Ice Trust tn this State, The
Attorney-General'’s communication to Prof,

Lee was prompted by the demand, in Prof, |

L#o’a resolution, introduced tn the Dernocratio
Btate Convention at Saratoga last week, “that
the Republican Attorney-General proceed with
diligence for the legal destruction of the sald
trust.” In his letter Attorney-General Davies
eays;

“L think every right-minded citizen tn this
State will regret the emasculation of your
resolution, the abandonment of the truthful
declaration that the Ice Trust ‘particularly
oppreseca the poor and arbitrarily raises the
price for one of the necessities of life.” This
going into particulars concerning the effect
of the Ice Trust's operations would have been
of great value to those who are endeavoring
with every means in thelr power to destroy
that odious combination. It was hardly to be
expected, however, I presume, that Augustus
Van Wyck and John Whalen, stockholders In
the Ice Trust, who had charge of the writing
of the platform, would permit of the introduc
tlon {nto it of a statement which would bring
to the mind the tenement houre population
of the city of New York and their sufferings
the past summer in consequence of the savage
greed of the Ice Trust

“Richard Croker, the newspaper corre
epondente also stated, instructed Mr. Whalen
and Mn Van Wyok as to the declarations of
the platform regarding the Ico Trust; and
evon Mr. Croker would hardly think it pru-
dent In view of his extensive purvhases and
profita from Ice Trust stock, to go into de
tall about Its operations.

“Further, it could hardly be expected that
Joho F. Carrol) and Randolph Guggenheimer,
delegates to the convention, or the represent-
atives in that convention, of Robert A. Van
Wyck and Pugh Mclaugliln, all heavy stock-
holders {fo the American Ice Company, would
permit of any offensive allusions to the Ice
Trust or any utterance which would possibly
tend to break down that truet and teke away
all hope of present and future profits And
it may be added that !t was with reluctance
obviously that Mr. Croker permitted any refer-
ence to the Joe Trust. Your resolufion was
suppressed upon {ts introduction; and an at-
tempt made by the officers oi the convention
who were all named by Mr Croker and

Hush MeLaughiin, to prevent ite publication
Grudgingly and only when forced {nto a core
ner by your resoluion, did Mr. Croker = per-
mit of the trifling mentlouo made of the Ice
Trust. Up to the last moment, Auguatus
Van Wyck, the newspapers aay, fought any
special mention of the loe Trust; he desired
only a general attack upon trusts. Thus the
former Democratio candidate for Governor
of only two years ago opposed hia political
party in Uolog anything which should seri-
ously harm that ‘meanest of all trusts,’ as it
has been well stated.

My especial reason for writing you this let-
ter is because of the phrase in your resected
plank which made this declaration: ‘We de-
mand that the Republican Attorney-General
proceed with diligence for the legal destruction
of the evid trust’ I deeply regret that this
phrase disappeared from the Democrat jc party's
jatform, for ita inclusion inthe platform might
iave shamed the officers of the Iee Trust and
Mr. Croker and his political Meuteranta who
own most of the stock, into abandoning ob-
e@tructive tactics by which, since May last,
they have sought to prevent the Attorney-
General's department of this State from accom-
piisbing the legal death of the Ice Trust. Mr
‘roker and Mr. Van Wyck strike out the phrase
‘we demand that the Republican Attorr

eral proceed with diligence. Proceed with
diligence ppeinss the Ice Trust! Why, ft is
thing they want done! They know

he las

nd well that every legal resource available
or ‘the Hepubliean Attorney-General’ haa been
emprave to eet forward the lee Triet’s suite,
and thot at every turn the Ice Trust's lawyers
have been fichting the advancement of those
gults. Mr. Croker and Mr. Van Wyck do not
wish to call attention to that matter-— the trust's

deaperate efforts in the courts to preserve it \r

monopoly. Fhe prominent stockholders o
the Ice Trust who sat as del a tes In the con-
vention naturally did no wath

of the voters called loudly to this branch «
the lee Trust's onerations

“In passing, {ft mar be remarked that Nueh
Melaughlin plainly mixed polities with huef-
ness; his business partnership with the Tan-
many Pall leaders in the Ice Truat clear
would not permit him te part company with
then) in politien! life, They opposed the nomi-
nation of Bird 8. Coler, a resident of Kings

ounty and naturally the Democratic candidate
or Governor, Mr Me Langhiin was even foree«
by the business necessities of the political situ-
ation to compel the delecates from Mr. Coler’s
Assembly district tn Kings coynty to violate
the inetruetions of the voters of the district to
ong | ort him for Governor.”
6 Attorney-General appends the record
of the efforts made in the courts of this Stata
by the Ice Trust to postpone month after month
any check being put upon {ts exactions by the
Attorney-Genernl’s department and adds;

“The above record disclowes that the jee com-
bine has refused to meet the proceedings upon
{ta merits, but on the contrary has hampered
thia department at every step with writs of
prohibition, stars and appeals, and in shert,
every leeal technicality has been invoked on the
part of the combination that the Ingenuity
of counsel for the defence could devise

Republican Rallies,

The Republican organization of the Tenth
election district fo the Fifth Assembly district
will ralee a McKinley and Roosevelt banner
this evening at {tx elnbhouse, 819 Bleecker
street. Fdmund Bodine, the President of the
club, will deliver a speech and there will be
musle and groverms

The Col. Roosevelt Club held a reception Inst
evening at its headquarters, 108 Macdongral
street. nearly all of its 500 membera being
present. Emilio Spina, the President of the
club, delivered an address on the lives of

  

-

 

McKinley and Roosevelt,

 

Two Bargains.
Carpet Dep't.

500 Rolls Carpettng,
go cts.

per yard,
formerly $1.25 and $1.35.

300 Ontental Rugs,

SS to $73.
Lord& Taylor,

Broadway & 20th St,

 

CARPET CLEANSING.
wa REFITTING AND RELAYING.
326 7thAv., Near 28th St.

word Abad 82 2PM Tisae,
T. M.STEWART

the attention campaign funda,
,

y |

1900.

 

EXIT MGUIRG; ENTER CAMPBELL,

Democratic Headquarters All Agog to See
Stanchf s Long Green.

Chairman James K. MeQuire of the Demo-
cratic State Executive Committee went to Syra-
cuse yesterday and State Chairman Frank
Campbell of Bath will arrive in New York this
morning, Mr. McGuire and Mr. Cams bell

| take turna fn running things fn the St. James
} Bullding. All Democrate at the Hoffman louse
were delighted yesterday to learn that thelr
| candidate for Governor, John B. Stanchfeld
| of Elmira, was the moat Ifberal of men Some
reckless persons had asserted that “Stanch-
|
|

 

 

fleld was closer than Jra Davenport ever dared
Bo the
wealth and his
en fund was
pull it was

“he wives

to be,” and this disturbed the anxtous.
knowledge of Stanchfield's
eagerness to chip into the campal
read with avidity and delight
Tecalled by these Dasnccrge that
; twice wh {ves quickly.”
} One of the reasons why Mr. Stanchfleld was
| nominated at Kuratoga was because he 1s
wealthy, and “Htanchfleld ean raise more money
than you" were the words flung at Senator
William Fleming Mackey of Buffalo at the com-
ference attended by Richard Croker, ex-Sen-
ator Edward Murphy, Jr,, James Shevlin, Sen-
ator Patrick. Henry McCarren, J. J. Kennedy
of Buffalo, Corporation Counsel John Whalen
and Mr. Mackey, Mr. Mackey's I reonal
affairs were gone over at this conference, and
he was found to be a poor man, one who goul
neither make campal contributions nor, aise
money among his friends. So, setting aside the
desire of the Croker-Murphy-Sheylin combine
to show thetr power over Mr. Hill and nomi-
nate Stanchfleld, whom Hill didn't want,
the facts of Stanchfleld’s wealth and his rep
tation as a contributer, and finally, his ability
to raise campaign funds, were a factor in his
nomination not by any means to be lost sight of.

REPUBLICANS AFTER THE WEST.

|

 

Secretary Heath Going to a Conference in
Wyomiag—Roosevelt Winning Votes.
Curcaoo, Rept. 16.—-The managers of the
Democratic campaign are not a little disturbed
by the quiet departure of Secretary Heath and
Richard 8. Kerons of the Republican forces for
the West. Secretary Heath has been so ener-
getio in the work at the Republican National
Headquarters that the Democrats are not will-
ing to accept the report that he has gone away
fora shortrest, They believe that he and Ker-
ens have gone Weat to lay wires for drawing
several silver States into the Republican camps
The two Republican managers have gone to
Cheyenne, Wyo., where they will have a conler-
ence with Republican managers in that region
They will also visit Salt Jake and Denyer and
no doubt confer with Republicans wherever
they meet them. The Republican comtnittees
men belleve that Kansas, Wyoming, Idaho and
the Dakotas will be won back to McKinley this
yoar and they are also hopeful of Colorado and
Loptana
The campaign of Gov. Roosevelt ts having
a great effect In the Northwest and it is bee
Hiewed that it will have even greater success
this week in Montana than last week in the
Dakotas Secretary Heath and Mr. Kerens
may joln the candidate for Vice-President in
the West. The Dermocrate fear they are playing
to capture the allver States of the West while
| Mr. Bryan 4s etill hammering away at imperial-

isin. et

SENATE CONVENTIONS TO-NIGHT.

Elsberg and Slater Will De Nominated—Several
Conventtons to Adjourn.

The Republican Benate conventions in the
twelve districts in New York county will be
called to order at 8:90 o'clock this evening
Several of the conventions, It was said last

} evening, will adjoura to a cate in October, the
leader not wishing to begin their Senatorial
campaign Re n the Fifteenth district
Renator Nafhantel A. Elaberg will be renom-
inated, having the delegations froin the Twenty
ninth and Twenty-seventh Assembly districte
with him. The delegation from the ‘Twenty-
fifth district will present the name of Asseme-
blyman John A. Weekes, Jr, but Mr. Elsberg’s
| friends say that he fs sure of a renomination
Senator John Ford of the Nineteenth i4 going
to retire, and Assemblyman Samuel 8. Slater
of the Thirty-first Assernbly district is to get
the nomination. Mr. Ford said yesterday that
he had grown steadily poorer each of the five
years that he had been in the Senate and that
he fs anxfous to retire from active politics
Mr. Ford sald that he was sure Mr Slater would
make an excellent Senator, as he wae an e1-
cellent Assemblyman . Harrington will
pen be nominated in the Twenty-first
ct, -

 

 

 

-Gen- istr

Hanna to Spend Another Week tn Chicago.

Cr caoo, Bert. 16.—Aenator Hanna will be
the hoat ata luncheon at the Union League Club
to-morrow and will discuss the importance
of the campaign with his guests) Mr. Hannahae
found Chicago business men much more alive
to the danger of Bryanism than he found those

New York. He will spend another wee!
ore and then @o back to New York for a wee
or ten days to see what can be done in raising

 

Straw Vote on a Union Pacific Train.
DeENven, Col., Sept. 18, A straw vote on the

Overland Limited, Union Pacifie, at Laramie,
| Wro, resu ted, MeKin/ey 69, Bryan 34

 

FAMOUS PATIENT DIES IN BELLEVUR,

They'd Made a Nose Out of a Finger for Him,
bat Coaldn’t Core Hright's Disense.

Thomas Oliver Colt of 15 Moore street died
in Bellevue Hospital yesterday of Bright's
disease, He was well known at Bellevue for

| having undergone an operation by which his
finger waa grafted to his face for a nose, that
| organ having been eaten away by a tubercular

uleer

The operation was performed by Drs, Lewis
A. Sager and Thomas Babine of the Colleae
of Physicians and Surgeons, after others had
agreed that the man's case was hopeless, The
doctors firet removed all that was left of Colt's
nose in order to stop the progress of the disease.
Colt told them that he would rather die than
go through life without @ nose, and {t was de-
cided to graft a finger ®

“Take all my fingers if necessary,” eaid the
patient

The finger was attached to the face by means
of a plaster of Paris cast which held arm and
hand Immovable, In three weeks the finger
was securely grafted. It was then amputated
and nostrils leading to the nasal cavify were
made. Colt left the hospital some time after-
ward with a passable nose. When he returned
suffering from the disease that caused his
death ha was sure that Le would recover. When
told that his case was hopeless and he was going
to die he only laughed and said that any doctora
who could manufacture a nose were able to
overcome Bright's disease

Colt, in 1895 shot his flancée, Miss Carrie
Plate of Arlington, N. J., in Jersey City and at-
tempted to kill himself by shooting himself fn
the head, Both reeovered. At the trial tn
hate 1806, it was shown that Colt was un-
ustly Jealous of the young woman. Colt was
convicted and sentenced to fifteen years’ im-
prisonment, but was pardoned by the Governor
after serving two years.

 

 

NFGRESS DEAD IN THE ATREET.

 

Said to Have Ranged Uer Mead
Agatost the Wall Arrested.

Mrs. Annie Bennett, colored, was found
unconscious on the pavement in front 184 West
Fourth street, shortly after 7 o'clock last night.
Bhe had a slight cut over the left eye and was
bleeding from the mouth and nose. An ambu-
lance surgeon from St. Vincent's Hospital
said that the woman had been dead for sev-
eral minutes at least when he arrived he
body was taken to the Mercer street police
station and the police began Investigation
of the yoman ¢ death

They found that the Bennett woman had hada
quarrel with Gertrude Hicks of 125 West Third
@treet, a aixteen-year-old colored gir The
Hicks girl was arrested on the charge of assault.

William i Leach of 181 West Fourth etree
told the police that he had seen the Bennet
yromas ina ght with Mrs. Susan Collins in

ront of 184 West Fourth street and that he
had seen the Collins woman bang the other
woman's head against the house. The Collins
ented was arrested on this staternent She

Woman

enied that she had even been fighting with the
noett woman

leach was det
as a witness etained, too,

 

Baullding at Colambta.

After several years of effort, the alumniof the
several schovla of Columbia University have
succeeded in raising the necessary $125,000 for

the ereotion of the second atory of Uni
all. Work was begun laat week and the balla

ing operations will he tened, ua it ia th

conse = A graduate associations to hol
eir ennnal reunion exercises next

memorial chamber of the new “a ome

New Evening High Schoo! for Women,

| A new evening high school for women has
| been opened on the eavt side of Harlem, in the
new public school building in 119\h sirest, he«
tween Second and Third avenues, Business

arithmetic, mathematics, rok ki “4
writing, stenography, Frese Verne Bower

Latin @nd Eng!ish languages and literature, ro
prac design in w colors are taught,

— oe
I

" , ? of y Pi as
tg ee es Meee Mae ye y

ae

YS ae

 

BIDS FOR SUPPLIES

FOR RELIEF OF

TEXAS SUFFERERS.

The following supplies are Wanted,
to be delivered by 2 P.M. Tuesday, on
board U. S. Transport McPherson, Pier

22, Brooklyn:

2,000 Bbls, Flour
10,000 Bags Charcoal
3,000 Gasolene Stobes
1,000 Bbls. Copperas
500 Bbls. Chloride of Lime
200 Bbls. of Sol. Carbolic Acid
5,000 } Bbls. Corn Meal
5,000 Bags Rice
5,000 Bags White Beans
1,000 Bbls, Split Peas
1,000 Drums Codfish
250 Single Sacks Roasted Coffee, Beans

25 Chests Tea

100 Bblis. Sugar, Granulated
1,000 Tins Baking Powder

1,000 Pails Lard

Bids are asked for any part of the quantities
named, prices to include deliveryF.O.B,
Supplies must be ap to U. S. Government

standard.

Flour, Charcoal, Corn Meal, Rice, Beans
and Peas to be delivered by lighters,

free, alongside transport.

Prompt delivery essential, and goods not
delivered by 2 P. M. subject to resection.
Right ts reserved to refect any or all bids.
To insure consideration bids should be re-
cetved by 12 o'clock, noon, to-day.

William F. King,

Address

 

ASSASSINATED IN HIS BED.

Two of the Bratton Family Held for, the
Murder of an English Artist.

Coutumnta, 8. C. Sept. 16—The Coroner's
fury this afternoon found that Harry A. Brown,
the Fuglish artist, who at 2 o'clock yesterday
morning wae assassinated in his bed was shot
by Paul R. Bratton and that John 8. Bratton
was accessory. The tragedy has caused a sen-
sation throughout the State, where the Brattons
have held the highest position soclally and in

war and polities for a century.
wil Caldwell, a negro coachman,
was the chief witness. He  teatified

to having driven the brothers over twenty
rifles across country in the middle of the night
during ahard rain. They inquired of a police-

man the way to Brown's house. The carriage
was stopped near the house and both brothers
went » the door. Browns father-in-law
testified to having gone to Brown's roorn t call
him, when a man rughed by him and shot Brown
in Ria bed, Caldwell heard the two shota, and
when the brothers returned, John Mratton said
he had phot Brown. They then drove buck to
Yorkville

vetore dying Brown had declared that one
of the Bratton brothers bad shot bim. Why
the jury selected Pau! as the principal is not
explained. The motive for the murder is stil)
a mystery. Rumors connect the name of a
girl with the tragedy, but the Brattons will not
apeak. They are now in Yorkville jail. An
effort will be made to-morrow to get them out
on habeas corpus. Brown's brothers are ar-
ists of note in London, one being on Black and

‘héta, another on The Graphic.

7

 

 

OBITUARY.

 

The Rev. Daniel A. Gibbons, rector of St
Aloysius's Church at Livingston Manor, N. Y.,
died at the rectory of consumption on Saturday
night. Father Gibbons was born In Donewal,
Ireland, in 1867 and came to the United States
twenty years later. He was ediecated for the
priesthood at St. Mary's Seminary at Emmeta-

burg, Md., and was ordained at St. Joseph's
Seminary, Troy, in 104. Fils first charge was
at Tuckahoe, and from there went to the Chureh
of the Guardian Angel in West Tweraty-third
street. About two vears ago he became chap-
lain of the House of the Good Shepherd In
ne Ninetleth-street. He had not been there

 

 

 

ong before his health failed and last June he |

was sent to Livingston Manor. The
will be brought here on Tues ‘ay evening and
the funeral will be at Holy (rose Churel in
Weat Forty-second street on Wednesday morn.
ine, the Rev. Dr. McCready oMetating

Dr, Frank C. Merriam of 198 West Fleventh
atreet died yesterday at Waterford. Conr
He was 46 years old and a graduate of the Unt.
versity Medical College, class of 1880. lie
leaves a wife and three emall children, is
mother lives in Lawrence, Mass,, and a brother
Henry, lives in this city, About a year and a
half ago Dr. Merriam began to suffer from
nervous trouble andheand Me wife wentabroad,
They spent most of their time in Germany
Last July they returned to this country arc
went to Waterford for the summer. ,

The Rev, Dr. L. C, Gotwald, aged 68 years,

bods

for years. professor at Wittenbere College
led nuddenly on Saturday night in dprine:
eld, Ohio, while sitting in his chatr, fle wat
rominent fo Lutheran efrcles. He was tried
or heresy in ‘94 and acquitted, He waa the
father of Dr, King Gotwald, the Rev. Fred G
Gotwald and Robert C. Gotwald,

Mrs. D, P, Mowrey, ed 8), of 47 West
Beventy-fifth street died at Pittafel “Ss

yesterday. She was the widow of the late

Sen Pewee of ‘i at the time of his death was
. mel owrey, K

of this city, eys & Hert, bankers

 

 

Tho delightful flavour and un-

Chairman Purchasing Committee,
Citizens’ Relief Committee, care

The Merchants’ Assoctation,
346 Broadway,

 

FOOLING UNDERTAKERS.,

A Practical Joker at Fort Hamitton Is Likely
to Get Into Trouble,

The police of Fort Hamilton are searching
for a practical Joker who has been causing
much annoyance to undertakers and residents
of the place. An undertaker appeared at the
home of William Schneider in Ninety-seventh
street yesterday and insisted that he had been
sent to prepare for burial a member of the fam-
lly. Schneider told him that all his family
Were in good health andinvited him ‘o the door
Theundertaker and his assistante left, Schneider
vowing vengeance on the one who had sent
him on the errand.

On Saturday night Herbsts undertaking
establishment on Third avenue received a
telephone message to bury Otto Hass, a hotel
proprietor atEighty-sixth street and Fort Ham-
fiton avenue, Three other undertakers were

also notified of Hass’s death and tl ’
ley wer
ordarad to hurry to his home as quickly as
p nal le All jour under takers and their as-
sistants arrived at about the same time. They
found Hane tending bar, i
Shortly hefore dark last evening two 1
; inder-
takers’ wagons drove un to Hablir ‘e calaon
on Fifth avenne and Fighty-alet') etreet and
te men in, charge of the vehicles thformed
© proprietor who was sitting on the piazza
that they had come to lay him out. _

 

 

The Weather.

The low pressure from Georgia spread to the north
ward, causing heavy ratn over the middle Atlantic
States on Saturday night At Philadelphia
Inches fell, and in this city 1.64, Boston 1.02, and
Nantucket .84, This rain has partially
drought

The Northwest storm was central yesterday morn
ing over northern Michigan, where {t was diminishing
in force,

An area of high pressure coming down over the
Dakotas was attended by a cold wave. The tem
perature at Williston, N. D., was 2 degrees below
freezing and at Wiismarck 6 degrees above rhe cold
WAS spreading southeastward into the upper Mis
sourt and Mississippi Valley States.

In this city the ratn ended in the early morning,
but the day was cloudy until evening, when it cleared
humidity at 5 A, M., 02 per cent., average, 72 per
cent, wind Hgbt, shifted from northeast to north
west, then in the evening to south; barometer, cor
rected to read to sea level, at & A. M., 20.74.53 P.M,
20.74,

The temperature aa recorded by the offictal ther
mometer, and also by THR SUN's thermometer at the
strect level, is shown in the annexed table

AAG

broken the

—OMcial~ Sun's! —OMeiain~ Sun's

1900, 1609, 1900! 190, 1899. 19°00

A. M 62 6s° es* OP. M. 72° 63° 72°
12M 75° 6s 73°' OP M 72 62° 72

8 P. M..70° 67°
WASITINGTON

74°12 Mid 7) 62 que
FORRCAST FOR TODAY AND

TO MORROW,

For New England, showers in east; fair, cooler tn
west portion today: fair to-morrow; tariable winds,
becoming brisk northwest

For the District of Columbia, Delaware, Maryland,
Virginia, easiern Pennaylrania, New Jersey and
eastern New York, fair and cooler to-day; fatr to-mor
row; fresh winds, becoming northwest,

For western Pennsylvania, generally fair today
and to morrow, cooler to-day in-south portion; fresh
to brisk north west winds on the lakes,

For western New York, partly cloudy and cooler
to-day; fair to-morrow; fresh to brisk northwest winds
on the lakes,

  

mistakable aroma of

“CANADIAN
CLUB”
WHISKY

are peculiar to it and cannot
be mistaken. These qualities,
which are the attributes of this
singular whisky, are distilled
with it, not added afterward.
Water does not wash out the
taste of “CANADIAN CLUB,”
and a High Ball made from
it is satisfying and delicious.

O—o SESS

day t
when
that B
she |
She wi
had
the h
and
porto
and
Miss
arres
police
would
tody b
hosp!
attem
net
her r
South
to the
pital,
place,
the M
make
Mi
south
to wha
day le
her th
sald
of ye
the u
talk f
knew
and hi
her,
“of
of thi
caure
judge
tion
for J
virtuc
will th
with
not b
them
me on
sligh
Barbo'
could
to, Ww
the li
told n
ims
who |
realiz
her, @
leave
i
tome
with }
aret
at the
affair
would
have b
man,
means,
mind t
that [
fact
me th
of hin
her, b
to kn
really
“Mr.
had d
of me
they
say A
of a
lovable
eirllé4
honest
knew
this a
any w
est ar
the Ba
an in
ent tire
‘It
foster
scand
nm FF
bear mr
eatesa
uy and
time
them
mothe
it was
triend '
of Hel
ha-
been
the co
for tw
to ac
rour
nave
and b
me th
for he
m oth
nd
And sh
come td
charge
Her f
come @
Helen
much

me
the ch
c@use

ves |
md