Likely

   

ching
using
dents
at the

enth
d been
he fam-
family
door,
neider
sent

  
    
  
 

 
 
 

  
 

aking
ved a
hotel
Ham-
were

were
Pkly as
ir as-
They

 
 
 
  
  
 
 
    
 

under-

ft and
‘ormed
plazza

   

north
antic
A 3A
2, and
en the

 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 

y morn
nishing

Deer the
e wm-
below
he cold
r Mis

  
 

orning,
cleared:
72 per
north
’, cor
P, M.,

   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
  

1 ther-
at the

Sun's
1990,
72°
72°
7u*
AND

pooler in
winds,

ryland,
vy and
to- mor-

ir today
bn; fresh

cooler
winds

ol

 

eer

-

 

 

DEFENDS MISS SOUTHGATE;

AUNT SAYS SHE HAS ALWAYS BEEN
A PURE GIAL,

 

Declares That Young Barbour Talked So Con-
stantly of Baicide to Her That She Was
Fascinated and Agreed to Die With Him
The Spell Broken When It Was Too Late.

Helan Southgate, the young woman who
confessed on Saturday that it was she who
went to the St. Charles Hotel in Brooklyn on

Thursday night with Henry Grosvenor Barbour,

where the young man first tried to kill her and

then killed himself, {s still in the Beney Hospital
in Brooklyn, suffering from the pistol shot
wound in her left breast. The surgeon in
charze of her sald yesterday that the wound
was not a serious one, but that complications
might set {n, and that he had given orders
that no one be allowed to see her. In a week
or ten days, the doctor said, Mise Southgate
night be able to leave the hospital, but not
before then, a8 her nervous condition is such
that she needs constant watching. The young
woman {8 a mental wreck from brooding over
the affair of Thursday night. She said yester-
day to the doctors that it was not news to her
when waa told by them on Saturday
that Barbour was dead, as she knew that when
she left him behind fn the room in the hotel
she was some thme In
sad the courage to make an attempt to leave

» hotel, and the white face of her companion
and the awful stillness which followed the re-
port of the pistol that he had placed in his mouth
and fired told ber that he was dead As yet

Miss Southgate has not been placed under

urrest, Dut it was sald at the Adains street

poliee station yesterday that, unpleasant as it
would be, she would have to be taken into cus-
tody before she was allowed to go free from the
hospital She will probably be charged with
attempting suleide, but will undoubtedly be
set free when arraigned in a police court, for
her relatives, who live in various parte of the
southand West, haveall telegraphed her to come
to them the minute she is able to leave the hos-
pital, and her aunt, Miss Schell of 1232 Second

Brooklyn, will go into court and assure

Magistrate that the young woman will not
nother attempt on her life

che

 

  

Mas sehell was in the hospital with Miss
Southwate for some time after the detective
tow the gitl made her confession onSatur-
lav veft, and her niece talked more freely to

in she had to the officer, Miss Schell
said that, in view of the attempt of the parents
f vourw Barbour to throw all blame for
the unfortunate affair on her niece, she would
talk of the matter and tell all that she
knew personally of the relations of Barbour
ind her niece, as well as what the girl had told
“Of course the world cannot take the view

f things that 1 can,” said Miss Schell, “be-
it does not know Helen, and it can only
idge her by what has come out in connec-
vith this awful tragedy It will be hard
jeople to believe that Helen was a good
tous irl, because, not knowing her, they

ert)

freely

ause

will think that a girl who would go to a hotel
with a man and register as his wife, could
pot be a girl of good morals 1 cannot blame

them for believing this, but when Helen told
me on Saturday that there had never been the
slightest wrongdoing between her and Mr
Barbour, she was completely unstrunge and
could pot have deceived me if she had wanted
to, which | knew she did not, There was
the Heht of truth in her eyes, and while she

dime of her innocence she 6) oke of the utter
of ever convincing any but those

npossibiuty

> love her that she was a good woman. She
realizes that the circumstances are against
her, and she will go away as soon as she can
leave tow

{ad know w much truth there ts in

dome of the interviews that have been printed
with Mr. and Mra. Barbour, but assuming they
are trie, Pwant to say that fam deeply grieved

at thelr attempt to place all the blame for this
avi Heler if they knew the tmith they
ro {know that the girl was led to what waa to
lave been her utter destruetion by this young
man. { do not hold her blameless by any

means. She ts a girl of aufflelent strength of
{ to have resfsted him, and the only reason
that [ can see for his power over her is in the
fact that she must have loved him. She told
{in't, but that she was very fond
{ and that he exerte’ an influence over
fam afral! that she f! not want me
w her heart in this matter and that she
tm.
Mr Barbour is quoted as saving that Helen
es that burned into the very souls

methat ahe
74 {
wr hut

really Jove |

ad dark ey

 

 

 

ind lured his son to destruction, as
the id Jured other men before him. To}
1 thing like that of Helen ia little short |
r She has always heen a sweet, |
ahle girl, with amind as pure as that of any
I rimet, and a determination to live an
e life Tsee that all the others who
nd have said things about her since
Y me to light have not intimated in
t Helen was anything but an hon-
“ I tell ve that neither
t ‘ ody else can point to
' fy; Hele up to the pres.
ert tirne ri editable to her
It s bee timated that Helen left her
mother, Mrs Southe@ate, because of some |
“ra is affair that «he had been concerned
1 is false, and Mrs, Southgate will
hearmeout vw Helen left the South-
‘ ‘rms with the entire fame
d -he e returned to them at any
Aji of the tirne that she was away from
thet ru necommunicatic with her foster
and whatever their disagreement was
t was oot serious enongh to break up the
trie di at that they hod enjoyed for |
vor M As leer said, t of the travels
Of Heler after she left the Southgates, and it
ha. bee t ted that ild not have
bee ver reful wornan to go all around
ie «« t lone at her age She wos away
for two y id in justice to her lam going
to ac t allot thattime It will show how
er Less are some of the titimations that
t ' made len left Mrs, Southgate,
Ard belomagirlof sy did edueation, she wrote
he that she wos going to try ard do something
for her-elf, ae she was tired of being dependent
O. Cller people forall thatshehad. Shehada

frie New York who had several childreu

 

&d-e wrote to her and asked her if she might

Ometo herand live fora while, offering to take
charge of the ehildren in return for a home

Hler fr i would have been glad to have her

Any tertns, preferably aa a guest, but

vas bound to live by her own effort as

i , ne =e went to this friend'a
ome A tayed there for some time, teachin

t ‘ildren, When she left there tt-was -

vas homesick for her mother, who
West. lam not going tosay where
r lives, because IT do not want her
d brought Into the matter,

en we there and staved for about a
ear The next I heard was that she had Jeft
and gone to Hreanville, Md., to keep house for
her foster brother, the Rev, Edward Southgate
‘bo is a Catholic priest there. The Rey, Ed-
rard Southgate is a son of the late Bishop
Southwate by his firet wife, who waa, I believe,

   

name

a Cath lie. He was the only child by that
Unton , He was Always very fond of Helen
whe they all lived together and I was not sur-

hear that ehe had gone to visit him
Iw say that he is a man over @0 vears of

  
  

we and that there was no impropriety {n Helen
Pong to kean honae for him. Some one told
hat Helen left her mother because she
not get alone with her stepfather, but
has since told me that that Is not true

 
 

1

 

* her stepfather was most considerate of he
Ml the time She left the West because ahe
lid like it there and because she
had braced the Roman Catholic
on 1 a not know whether it was
hea she contemplated going Into the Catholic
grate that she left the Southgate home, al-
m e ] have heard so, but I do know that it
‘8 Father Southgate of Bryanville, Md, who
Ind loved her to come into his (hurch He
wales b iT a good many letters while she was
i. g her other, and as she hadalways been
= n ‘ted in religious subjecta she wave a
a ral of time and thought to hia prop
e hat she become a Catholic One day
ye went out and when she Came back she told
ner r that she had been admitted to the
t Catholic Church. My sister did not
for it and neither did I when she

bout it We both told her that
he had made a wise move, and she
« thought she had = She wrote to
itheate what she had done and he
hted He invited her to come and
Vand she fina y went there From
« visited some relatives in the South
names 1 do not wish to give [These
es were her own sister, Mrs. Gilman of
ja, B. ©. and the latter's husband. )
st Thad never asked flelen to come

 

 

 

that room before she |

ee

| here and visit me, for then this terrible affair
would never have happened. She was my
avorite niece, though, and I longed to have
r pretty face near me. he wrote back to
my Invitation that she hardly dared to come
as her plants and her chickens would miss
er 80, She wrote me lots of pretty little
oe like that, things that only a «irl of pure
mind would ever be Interested in. She finally
came aid whiie here heard from Mrs, South-
} gate. She was tnyited to Good Ground by @
| number of people there and did visit one or two
before she went to the home of her foster
mother, Now that accounts for al] of Helen's
time from the time she leit the Southgate home
UP to the time that she returned to tt
When Helen came up from Good Ground
on Monday she told me of having met Mr. Bar-
| bour again. I asked her if she was very fond
| 2 him and she said that she was, but that she
, did not love him. She had never really loved
| @ny man, she said, and did not expect that
| She ever would marry. J told her that I hoped
; she would some day, and she sald that it woul
of course be a beautiful thing to make some
mans life happy, but that she did not ink
1¢@ would ever meet the man she would love
rom time to time she told me more of Mr
Barbour She told me that he was an atheist
and that he was constantly talking of suicide
His arguments annoyed tier, she sald, as she
was a firm believer in God and a hereafter
Sho said that he told her that he had not been
successful in the things that he had under-
taken, and that life was scarcely worth ving
She rebuked him for this and told him that if
he wanted to will himself he ought to think
first of his people and the disgrace that would
( follow such a thin He said that when he
decided to kill himself be would see to it that his
{ dy was never identified. Helen told me
| that he was a very sullen and morose man
aud that she was afraid of him at times
| ‘The young man came here on Wednesday
} and | went to the door, I did not know him,
but when he asked for Miss Southgate and gave
is name as Mr. Barbour | knew who he was,
| Je satin the parlor and Helen joined him there
They talked for a me and then Helen told me
that they were going for a walk, She came
back without him, but the next day he came
again, and Helen, before going away with him,
said that he had asked her to go out with him
for some time, and that she had decided to go
with him then. What they did that day you
know. I do not hold Helen blameless by any
means, but I have every confidence tn her @oc d-
ness, and do not believe that she ever had any
improper relations with Mr. Barbour, The
statement that she made to the detective has
been printed, but oho told mea few things after-
ward that have not been told. I asked her what
ever Induced her to go toa hotel with Mr
Barbour and she = said that she id
ot Know, that she thought she must
ave been out of her head. 1@ man ha
talked suicide to her so much that she was
feactiated by bim, and when he proposed that
they go out of the world together she agreed
why, she could not fell. As soon as they got
in the room where the shooting was done, she
told me, Barbour took off his collar aud or-

dered her to do the same, He emptied his
pockets and directed her to empty hers She
did both without a moment's hesitation, It

was pot until he began burning all of the things
that she awoke to any appreciation of the situ-
ation, Then, she told me, she asked him what
he was burming things for, His reply was,
‘We are guing to die together in this room.
Surely we do not want any one to know who we

lt was at thie juncture, Helen told me, that
a desire not to die came over her. She was
too frightened to utter a word, though, although
she told me she watched the door, thinking
that if she got a good chance she would run for
it. She was afraid to walk right out, for Bar-
bour’s pistol was on the table right alongside
of his hand and she thought he would kill her
{f she tried to leave him then. Barbour picked
to bare her breast.

up the revolver and told net t
Holen says that she obeved mechanically. He
then ordered her to loosen her corsets. This

she did, despite the fact that she did not want
to die, and when he told her to lie on the bed
that he ovilld kill her quickly and then

so
kill himself; she did so. Yet all the while,
she told tne, her one thought was of life and
how sweet it was. She did not want to die,
and yet she could not escape. The man’s

influence over her was too «reat for her to
resist Does thia scene in the hotel sugmest
Helen's dark eyes luring Barbour on to his
destruction? Lt doea not to me. Helen's es-
cape from the hotel has all been told in her
statement. I let her in myself that evening
' and noticed nothing wrong with her, We sent
her to the hospital because the doctor suid
that she ought to have a trained nurse, and |
could not afford to get one for her. When she
went to the hospital l knew nothing about the
way (n which she other wound. She had only
told ma that !t was the result of an accident
I want to say one more thing. and that is that
I have known my niece intimately for, years
and] Know she wasasweet, lovable. affectionate
girl, with a mind that was free from vicious
thoughts Her whole life was pure 45 a Youn
girl's could be, and when she tells me on what
might be her death bed, that despite the terrible
circumstances, she Was wuiltless of any wrong-
doing, [believe her. When she leaves the}
pital she will come strafelt here and here she
will atay until she is rendy to go back to het
mother or to Father Southgate,
There were a number of Inquiries at
Seney Hospital yesterday about Misa South-

wote, and some people claiming acquaintance

with her wanted to see her. Admission to her
froom Was refused to all Mrs Gilman. of
| Columbia, 8. ¢., got her first news of the affalr |

{nthe morning papers at her home, apparently,

afternoon a telegram

 

 

for lite vestordey waa
rerelved from her at the Seney Hospital in
which she asked if the gtrl inthe case was really
flelen Parker Forbes Southeate, and if ee,

  

Word was sent back that
the patlent was Mise Southmite, ond that she
wres-ing satlefactorily The Barbours
to have anything to sav shout
and several of thelr friends

was pr
declined
yesterdoy,

 

 

|

|

would che recover
|

hee

 

 

who were seen said that ther had heen asked
| not to vive out any more statements nhout the
lense. Mr Rarheour did not. prench at the
I Chureh of the Beloved Disefple vesterday, his
place being taken at both the morning and
evening’ services the Rev. John Aehworth,

}
nv
the asstetant pastor of the ehurch

DIVORCED PERSONS WED.

J.C. Rirdsst) and Nellie Clate of Fredonta,
N. ¥., Married in Grgenwich, Conn,

Grrevwicn, Conn. 1@—Two Alvoreed

to Greenwich to be wed yesterday,

Sept
perrons car
heard of the reputation which Judge
Charles D. Burns haa made by marrying those
who have been divorced In New York State
This time {t was not a case of surprise for the
bride’s folks. Her mother and sister accom.
panied her here, At2 o'clock yesterday afternoon
a good-looking man,

having

apparently 55 years old,

smoothly shaven and weil dressed, called upon
Judge Burns at his law office and asked hiin to
marry a couple at the Lenox Honse Together

they ealled at the Town Clerk's offlee and pro-

 

|

| cured a Hoense from the marriage clerk, Chester

| Child, who has) pe rformed similar service
for Perry Belmont and varions well-known men

 
  

bride and groom to be Mra
Miss Ethel Clute, mother
were the other members

ister, were those ol
Charles A. Clute ¢
and sister of the!

 

 

| of the parts In less than half an hour th
| party left’ the hotel, Mr. and Mra. Birdsal
starting. it is understood, for Buffalo. When

 

divorced he suid

“No: the e both divorced.’

The marriaae license in his hand proved th
statement and also that the bride was pn arried
under her maiden name. Her age wis 90,
| FREDONIA, N Sapt. oho ©. Birdsall
and Miss Nellie Chite are very well-known here,
but the news of their marriage was a surprise,
Birdsall's wife secured a divorce from him a
short time ago on statutory grounds. Miss
Clute, who is a music teacher, fs the danghtar
of Charles A. Clute, formerly superintendent
of the Allegheny Valley Tailroad

  

 

OBJECTS TO WORLDLY PREACHERS.

Mennonite Clergyman Hears of a Presiding
Elder Who Speculates,

READING, Sept, 16,——-In the Mennonite Confer-
ence here the Rev. W. B. Musselman created a
stir by charging ministers and elders in the
Church with speculating in worldly things. “I
heard of one Presiding Elder who bought and
sold cattle right along to raise money to builda
honse for himself This is wrong. But if Pre-
siding Elders do it, they must remember that
there are ministers also who want to own. their
own homes. We would ail like to own a horse,
aco, 4 Malte-e cat and a pug dog. But we
must not become entangled in worldly affairs
We must not imitate the high Church official
who went off a thousand miles as a missionary
and had hia fare paid. But when he got there
he speculated in cattle, We ought to appeal to
the General Conference against Previding Eiders
speculating in stocks, land and cattle.’ This
was adopted,

DRESS LET THE RBARY PALL.

 

TORN

Doretta Tambled on Somebody, but Rebounded
to the Sidewalk and Was Killed.

Doretta Kitt, 2 years old, of 827 East Thirty-
ninth street, was taken by her mother on Satur-
day afternoon to visit Mrs, Hirsch at 711 Second
4 funeral passing the house drew

all the children to the window. Mrs. Kitt held
lDoretta'’s dress to provers her from. falling
| out of the window, but when the child leaned
out too far the dreas parted. The child fell
two stories, landing on Mrs, Schutg of the first
floor, who was standing on the front stoop,
and rebounded on the sidewalk. Mrs. Schutz
was pot hurt much, but Dorette died yesater~
‘day in Bellevue a fractu’ skull,

avenue

the |

tha)

who have been there during the past fwo years
Then the Judge and bridegroom went to the
hotel and ina private parlor met the bride and
| her relatives No one int ‘l, not even
| Tandlord Smithiles, knew e that the
names of John C. Birdsall and Nellie T Fhute, |
both of Fredonia, N. Y., on the hotel reg-

the Indge was asked ifone of the parties was |

of.

(OOM PAUL'S A; D. T. VISITOR |

WANTS A MESSAGE TO CARRY TO
THE EMPRESS DOWAGER OF CHINA,

Adventures of James Francis Smith, Who Got
to Pretoria the Day Kruger Moved Out
and Who Was Lord Roberts's Prisoner for
Six Weeks After the Bombardment.

Back from Pretoria, 11,000 miles away, James
Francis Smith, A. D, T, messenger No, 1,634,
stepped off the American Line steamship New
| York at 8 o'clock yesterday morning at the
| foot of Fulton street, He started for Pretoria
on April 11 last bearing with him a message of
| sympathy from 27,000 school boys of Phila-
delphia to President Kroger of the Transvaal
| Republic, and a big book filled with clippings
about Oom Paul which were collected by Frank
P, Burrelle of this city, Smith reached Kri-
ger's capital on May 20, the day Oom Paul and
hia Cabinet evacuated Pretoria, With his
travelling companion, Hugh Sutherland, of
| Philadelphia, he was detained in Pretoria eix
weeks a Britlsh prisoner. Finally the two
| Americans were allowed to go to Cape Town
aud thence they came with a little delay back

| to this country.

When Smith looked over the the

taffrail o

| New York yesterday morning he saw many |
Hrmiths standing on the end of the pier Ilis
father and mother, three sisters and two

brothers, all of whom live In Brooklyn were
down there to meet him. Back of them stood
Bupt. Michael W. Rayens of the American
District Telegraph Company in this eity, and
Mr. and Mrs. Burrelle They all waved to
James Francis and to Sutherland and when the
messenger boy came running down the plank
he was packed into a carriage and the entire
party drove to the Burrelle Building in West
Nineteenth street

“It's goodto be back,” said James Francis,
“and now I'tn all ready to carry a message to
the Empress Dowager. I ain't anxious
to try and bunt up Aguinaldo.'

He espled a policeman who gravely waved
to the carriages as they hurried up Broadway.

“Buy, the coppers are all wearing the white
helineta now, aren't they?” he commented.
“They were dark when [ went away.”

At the Burrelle Building James Francis was
seated on a bay window dais that had been
draped with red, white and blue bunting and
there he proceeded to tell the “Ty of his travels.

“Before [ start [ want to tell you that I'm
a Republican and an American citizen, true
enough,” said he, “but I'm stuck on those Boers.
They are all right and they're bound to win
out some day or other. You know how they
started me from the stage of the Academy of
Music in Philadelphia, April 10. Bourke Cock.
ran and Webster Davis made speeches and I
was sent chasing off to bunt up Vor Paul.”

After visitiag London and Paris, James Francis
took a Gerwan steamer at Naples for Delagoa

80

“ay
We struck Delagoa Bay on May 26,” he
said, “and I began to think that I was farther
away from Broadway than Far Rockaway.

We ran into one of those monsoons out near

Madagascar and I felt ticklish fora few hours

but I wasn't sick. From Delagoa Bay we took

the ratlroad to Pretoria. I never saw such a

road. They didnt dare run at all in the night

for fear of British shells and all day long they
crawled along ‘cause the engineers were worn
out. It took ua two days to get into Pretoria

which we reached at § 0 clock on the evening o

May 2%. The British were only forty miles

away and every few minutes some one would

say that Johannesburg had fallen. The town
was filled with the Boers who were retreating

and every one seemed worried. We took a

furnished house, because furnished houses

were cheap. Folks Werent anxious to stay
in Pretoria just then
“Early next morning we went over to see

Secretary of State Reitz. Mr. Reitz was evi-
| dently pretty worried, but he told me to come

around at the President's house that after-

noon at 3 o’alock. Then T went up the hill
and called on our Copsul-General, Mr. Hay.

In the afternoon I put on a clean collar and

poilshed shoes, according to messenger rules,
| and [I went to the President's house at just 3

o'clock.

“Oom Paul lived tn a long, low cottage, one
story high, that only sets back a few feet from
the street. There are two stone lions at the
eldes of the front steps that Cecil Rhodes gave

Paul a good long tlme ago. If it hadn't

 

} Oom

| been for the two sentinela at the front gate
| you might haye thought some grocer ved
| there. When I got there the President was

holding a counell of war with Secretary Reitz
| hnd Generals Meyer and De la Rey. He in-
terrupted the « ninell and received me fn hfs
parlor. It was along room and Oom Paul stood
‘way at the end of {f. He held fn his hand an
unllehted pipe and he frequently used a big
sritteon In the middle of the floor, He missed

the spitten oftener than he hit It. As he came
up vr. Reitz introduced me and I said
} “Your Fxeelleney,!] bring to vou a greeting

from the schoolboys of Philadelphia,’ and then
1 explained my mission just as short as pos-
sible, for that’s the way we A D. Ts are sup-
owed todo. They any he speaks English, and
think he understood me, but he made Secre-
tary Reitz interpret I'm a bit sore on Mr
Richard Harding Davis about all this He
wrote to New York that I stuttered and fal-
tered, and 1 didn't; did J, Sutherland?”
Sutherland said that Smith had made his
littl: speech without a suggestion of stutter-
ing
‘After Oom Paul heard me,” Smith went on,
he almost amiled, and then he spoke in Duteh
| ‘Ms son,’ said he, ‘I thank you for having taken
so long a Journey to bring these tokens to me,
and I wish you a safe return to your home land
| 1 want vou to thank the Philadelphia sehool-
boys for me for sending me such kind encour-
agerment at this time’
“Then he looked over the elipping, and when
he saw some of the pro-Roer
he was pietured T caught him kind of half amil-
Ing again. Seeretary Reitz told ns to come
around that evening and see the Presiden
iwain, and we were ushered out so the counet
f war ht proceed had my pleture
<en standing next to f the Nona, and
Sutherland and T went down to the house
When went around to the President's
that evening there were no sentries
Some told ne that Oom Paul and the
| Government had gone. They left the ratlroad
| station about 7 o'clock that evening. Tate
| that night and again the next day there was
a good deal of iwiessness in Pretoria
Seme of the men sacked the Government
| warehouses, but [notleed that the Boer soldiers
and the burghers were orderly all the time

 

One ¢

 

 

 

we

| house
ene

   

Within ahort tirne some of the cit!zens of
Pretoria organized a Committee of Safety and
the looting stopped be

The Tiptttsh kept ev nitn

ly they beran to

nearer and nearer and fina
shell the town T gota numberof the exploded
shella. One evening when we were at Mr

Hay'’s house and the troops were shelling, we
oould hear the broken pieces of shell rattle on
the house roof The nex’ morning, June 4,
lord Roberts entered the town Yinrd Kit-
chener and Lord Stanley and all of them were
along and it was interesting to see them hoist
the British flag {n Pretoria
We were held as prisoners in Pretoria for
| six weeks, At first they wouldn't let us start
out because the Boers were blow!ng up arallroad
train about onee in twenty-four houra and then
there were other delaya afterward. Finally
we took the train for Cape Town July, 12.
is 1,040 miles from Pretoria to Cape Town an
it took us just seven days to make the trip.
We nearly froze going down as we had to ride
| day and night In an open coal car. There
| were two conches on the train, but the nurses
had one and the wounded soldiers the other
There were no refreshments along the road
and we had to carry our own rations for the
seven days, It was prety tongh sort of travel-
ling in that open car behind a soft coal engine
for seven days and seven nights,
We w uted at Cape Town until Aug. 1 for
a steamer, when we took the Kinfauls Castle
to Southamrton, Misa Edith Rhodes, steter
of Cectl Rhodes, was on board and we got ac-
quainted with her.”
James Francis expects to go on to Phila-
delphia to-day
“I've beaten Jag@ers,” he said, “and now I'm
onlr itching to take that message to the Empress
Dowager of China.”
Smith was born. in Brooklyn 16 years ago.
He stands just § feet hich and he weighs an
even 100 pounds

Monument to Richard J. Hatehison,

Several thousands of members of the Catholio
Benevolent League from this State, New Jersey
and Pennsylvania gathered yesterday at Cal-
vary Cemetery to witness the unveiling of the

monument erected in memory of the late Rich-
ard J. Hutchison, who was Presicent of the
leacue from 1803 to 1899. Victor Dowling of
New York made the opening oddressa. He was
followed by W. Jd. Dealy ang several other
speakers The monument is of granite and |

very handsome. The plot on which It is erecte

was given by the league to Miss Rosalie Hutch-
jeon, daughter of the dead man

Senator Depew's Niece Weds.

Derroit, Sept. 16.--Senator Depew came
here yesterday to attend the wedding of his
brother's daughter Florence to George Dunn
Allison of Cincinnati The_oeremony took
place in St. Paul's Chapel. Tie bridegroom
wae attended by Charles Pauding of New York,
Frank Foster of Alabama, Stanley Copeland of
Detreit, Harry Leonard of New York, Sherman
Depew and Stanley Swift of Detroit Senator
Depew's eiftto the bridal couple was a dinner
service in Silver

 

As to Lots, Plots or Farms.
Readers of Tre Sun alwere know when a

good thing is presented. Let them kndw what
ou have to offer by using the ad ng
Rotumns.—Ade.

 

eartoona where |

   
 

LIVE TOPICS AROUT TOWN.

It will be a proud night for Joseph Sheehan
when the first performance of opera in English
is given at the Metropolitan, for the popular
tenor from the American Theatre has been
selected to sing on the opening night. While
this feature of the programme may be a sur-
prise to some other persons, it will undoubtedly
be a source of delight to Mr Sheehan's many
admirers, who will feel it their duty to come
around and give him an encouraging shove
into the more pretentious artistic atmosphere
of the Metropolitan. It would be useless to
deny on the other hand that in view of the

ohanges promised in the quality of the pro-
ductions at the American and the Metropoli-
tan, that this distribution of réles for the first
night was unexpected. Only one ciroum-
stance may cool the enthusiasm of the tenor’s
friends. They have been able for several
seasons to hear him for a certain price and
whether or not they will be willing to pay twice
that aum for the mere difference in locality
remains to be seen. Grace Golden, another
American Theatre favorite, is to put the loyalty
of her old pamilere to the same test later in the
season. She will sing one of the roles in which
she was most popular at the other theatre
These are the only two conspicuous alngers
of the former forces who are to be heard dur-
ing the early part of the season, there are
several newcomers to be introduced. So pre-
vious admirers of the singers In the Castle
Square Company will have a number of new
favorites to pelest Patrons of the American
use! to co this with great frankness and em-
phasis. They were not very demonstrative
during the performances, but used to complain
or say a good word at the box office for those
sb awakened their disapproval or commenda-
tion

Jenny Gross, who is coming to the Irving
Place Theatre during the early epring, has
been for the past decade or longer a very popu-
lar Berlin actress who gained renown through
her toflets as well as her talents. She has
long had the reputation of being the best-dressed
actress In the theatres of Berlin, where the
women of the stage devote much more atten-
tlon to this subject than they do here without
accomplishing nearly such good results. Her
gowns and her jewels have always caused
as much discussion as her acting. She is
pretty, of slight and graceful figure and
her succeas does not rest entirely on her taste
in dress, which would frequently seem to Ameri-
cans rather a North German {mitation of Paris
than any remarkable exhibition of costuming
Manager Conried has frequently thought of
bringing her here in the past, but was never
able to come to apy agreement with her as to
terms New Yorkers will have seen all the
conspicuous women of the German stage by
the close of the present season when Agnes
Sorma, Helene Odilon and Jenny Gross will
all have appeared here. If the German dra-
matista had done their duty and written enough
interesting plays to occupy the etock company
at the German theatre these stara might never
have been seen here But they were defl-
clent and German audiences, Instead of getting
two or three new plays a week, will get in the
future all of the distinguished players likely
to meet with success here in old réles

 

 

WOMAN NABBED ALLEGED THIEVES,

Seized One in the Street and the Crowd Caught
His Pal.

The triumph of Mrs. Fannie Fisher of 334
Second avenue over two slick young men who,
she says, robbed her of money and jewelry to
the amount of about $300, came yesterday |n
the Yorkville police court, when both were
held in heavy ball for theft. They said they
were Joseph Golding, 20 yeare old, and Her-
man Cohen, 19, living on the Bowery

Early in August two young men called to bee
Mrs. Fisher and inquired about renting a fur-

nished room. Both looked respectable and
they were exceedingly particular about the
kind of room they wanted After hageling

aureat deal, one of them talked with Mrs, Fisher
while the other got out of sight for a minute

Phen they left the house, explaining

or two
would come in the next day to lake

that they
the room

When her husband returned in the evening
Mrs. Fisher learned that she had been robbed
Fifty dollars, a pair of diamond earrings, a
baby's gold ring and several diamond finger
rings had been stolen from @ bureau drawer

On Saturday afternoon Mrs. Fisher saw
Golding and Cohen, who she says are the young
men who Werein her house when she was robbed,
walking alone Second avenue. She caught
Cohen by the collar, and, although a sinall
held him. A crowd helped her to hold

wotnal,
on to her prisoner, and also captured Golding
for her Joth were son in the Fifth street

police station In court they waived examina-
tion and were held in $1,000 ball, The police
say that both have been arrested for theft
before

 

OUIZZED THE MUSCLE MAN.

Audience Wanted Cores for Double-Neck, Ca-
tarrh and That Tired Feeling.

B A. McFadden, appearing first in tights
displayed his muscles and lectured on physical
culture to an audience of about five hundred
men and women yesterday afternoon in the
Bijou Theatre.

“A man or woman has no business to be
weak,” he said. “Weakness is a crime J

advocate no system of physical training, but
Birniply say Use your muscles any way you want
4n axe and a cord of wood is as good as

to
a wvynnastum. Every great achievement in
this world has back of it physical energy. Goy

Roosevelt would never have been able to ad-
vance himself as he has if he did not have that

  
 

THE SUN, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1900.
FILIPINO CIVIL SERVICE.

| 27, suffering from nephritis

energy that sprung from wonderful physical |

strength and pertect heaith, Lady Randelph

| a large sear on the back of his head and

Churchill would never have married that young |

aristocrat if the physieal enlture she practised
had not retained for her her beauty and power
to allure

The leeturer requested the audience to ask
him questions They did {tt with a vengeance

“Tell me how to cure a double neck 1 have,”
said one woman

‘Work the muscles of your neck from side
to eld replied the lecturer

Vs going without food good for the catarrh?"
asked a voung man

1 should sav it would help it,” was the an-
awer

‘What do you think of a buttermilk diet?
Will vou get eold if vou ait too long in the air?
How often should a man shampoo? What's

ood for vour hair? What's good for a haid

i ad? What would you do for exhaustion
before meal time?” These were a few of the
questions esked and McFadden gave an answer
but Mnally brought the meeting to an
abrupt close amid a shower of more questions

  

to each

THE REV.A. BP. STOKES, JR, PREACHES,
Delivers a Sermon in New Haven and Refers
to the Rich Young Man

New Haven, Conn., Sept. 16.— “Remember
His words to the rich young man, ‘Take up thy
crosa and follaw me.’ Could any one mistake
that message?” So spoke the Rev. Anson
Phelps Stokes, Jr., in bis first sermon to a New
Haven congregation this evening. Mr. Stokes
{1s a young New York mi!lionaire who gradu-
ated from Yale in 1896 and who recently was
made Secretary of the Yale Corporation
has just entered the ministry and to-iay was
{installed as a curate at St. Paul's Episcopal
Chureh. He teok aa his text this evening thes
words from the seventh chapter of the Gospe
of St. Luke: “Art Thou he that should come? or
look we for another?”

Mr. Stokes said

“John was in prison: he was in doubt In
his earlier days he had been a man of great
faith, now he was a man of honest doubt. He
represents a great meer men and women of to-
day who, taught at thelr mother’s knees in the
faith of the Bible, find their faith growing dim
astime goeson John, however, did that which
few do: he tried to overcome his doubt ”

Mr. Stokes then gave five reasons, which he
said seemed to him to be convincing, of the au-
thoritativeness of Jesus Christ as the revealer
of God'a truth to men” He made a splendid
impression upon his hearers He spoke with-
notes and his delivery was fluent and olear.

 

 

ou
RAN NAKED IN THE STREET.
Hospital Patient Plunges From a Window

While Delirious,

Charles Brown, 23 years old, of 181 Pacifio
street, Newark, was taken to St Barnabas
Hospital in that clty early on Saturday even-
ing in a delirious condition. Later he became
extremely violent and tore up his bedelothes
and night shirt Dr Tarbell, who had charge
of the case, called assistants, and Brown was
strapped to his bed. It required three men
to acoomplish this and then he was left in
charge of a single nurse who had no trouble
with him untt! nearly midnight, when the

atient seemed 80 quiet that the man in charge
Pat safe in leaving him for a moment to look at
a patient at the other end of the ward

Rrown burst his ds and springing upon
a table dived through the upper sash of a
window and fell fifteen feet into a stone grea
He was apparentiy unhurt, and picking Ties
self up quickly ran acroes the hospital grounds,
scal a fence and then ran naked along
High street in the drenching rain An alarm
was given and the hospital attendante turned
out and caught Brown

bloc as en beck be Gee a capieal fa
and ded fro Bours alter Bis capture.

He |

 

 

| relatives might easily

NATIVES TO BE PREFERRED
APPOINTMENT TO OFFICE,

FOR

Transfers to Re Permitted From the American
Service ~Insurgents Showing Increased
Activity in Some of the Districts of ‘Luzon
~The Manila Schools Are Well Attended,

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN,

MANILA, Sept. 16.--The Civil Service bill in-
troduced by the Philippine Commiasion is based
on the system prevailing in the United States
and is very comprehensive. It places under
civil control the employees appointed by the
military commission. ‘These men are employed
in the Treasury, Auditor's office, Custom House,
the office of the Inland Revenue Collector, the
Post Office and the bureaus of forestry, mines
and education. Prison wardens, the provost
marshal and the port captain will also come
under the civil service provisions

The measure has been carefully prepared
with the view to excluding political favorites
and protégés. Advancement in the Govern-
ment service will depend upon merit alone.
It Is arranged that transfers may be made from
the United States civil service. This is done in
order that eMcient men may be secured for
the various high posts. The civil service board
will consist of one Filipino and two Americans
Other things being equal Fillpinos will first
be chosen for office. Honorably discharged
soldiers will come next. Americans knowing
Spanish and Fillpfnos knowing English are
highly desired, but thle knowledge is not es-
sential for appointment. It is probable that
examinations will be held at Washington by
the Civil Service Commission there simulta-
neously with the exaruinations at Cebu, Iloilo
and Manila.

During the past week forty-one insurgents
were killed, forty wounded and seventy were
either captured or surrendered. The Amert-
can casualties numbered six

The Fillpinos in Laguna da Bay Province
are showing increased activity. They are
also active in the distriet commanded
by Gen. Young, which has been quiet for a lone
time

New night schools have been opened in Manila
for the instruction of natives in English. The
schools are largely attended and the pupils
are enthusiastic

Gen. Pio del Pilar, who was arrested a short
time ago while on his way to the provinces,
has been released. No reason for his deten-
tion Is given by the authorities

FORT SLOCUM DESERTERS,

Runaway Soldiers Get Drank in Mount Vernon
and Ratse a Row,

Mount Vernon, N. Y., Sept. 16.—A new rule
adopted last week at Fort Slocim, Long Island
Sound, has caused numerous desertions among
the recruits garrisoned at that place. The order
which was promulgated by the officers in charge
of the recruits suspends their passes and pre-
vents them from visiting the mainland at New
Rochelle In the past few days there have been
thirty desertions by soldiers who have succeeded
in running the sentries and swimming to the
mainland, a disance of more than a mile
Friday night five men were fired on by

sentries who discovered them swimrmin

from the fort with their uniforms

bundles and loaded on a raft

A squad of missing soldiers visited Mount

Vernon on Saturday night and after becomin
fi
y

On
the

AWAY

rolled in

intoxicated started in to clear out a music he
in North Third avenue. Chairs and. ompr
bottles were being hurled right and left w heh
Patrolman George Atwell came in to place the
soldiers under arrest. The oflcer grabbed
John Dorey, an infantryman, 20 years old,
and as he did so George Catterson, a etvilian
who was with Dorey and the other soldiers
seized him from belind aud pinioned his ams.

Dorey then dealt Atwell a powerful blow in
the face. Atwell used his night stick on the
erowd, It hit Dorey and Catterson, who ap-

peares to be the ringleaders, over their beads aud
nocked them senseless

The two men were dragged bleeding to the
polioe station, where they were locked up, and
this morning City Judge Bennett let them off
with fines

Allen Currens, another runaway soldier,
was arrested late last night by the New Rochelle

1m lee He was intoxicated and was riding in a
trolley car without his shoes, coat or hat He
told the officers that he lost them swimming

away from the fort Private Kimball, who
deserted about a month ago and stole a hors
anudh Ky from a livery man, has given himself
up in Chicago, and is being brought back to
Fort Slocum for court-martial

BODIES MIXED SOMEWHERE,

Edward French Apparently Is Buried in Pot-
ter's Fleld as Hisbelle.

  

|
|

The authorities at Bellevue Hospital and the |

Morgue vow fearthat a bad bungle has been
made somewhere ip connection with the death
of Edward French, who diedin the Metropolitan
Hospital on Blackwell's Island last Thursda
French was admitted to the hospital on June
His nearest friend,
he said, was his sieter, Mrs. Matilda Beiser, who
lives in Forty-eighth street near Ninth avenue

French died and Mrs. Beiser and her mother
called at the Morwue on Saturday for his body
They declared that the body Shown th
French's was not his. French, they said,

  

 

ory
amall teeth ay
good crop of
teeth

pupt. O'Rourke started an investigation
yesterday. It was found that one Felix Uisbelle
died the day before French and that his body
was also sent to the Morgue He gave as his
friend a man living at the Westminster Hotel
and this man, without coming to the Morgue
to view the remains, gave orders to Undertaker
John Maloney to provide a coffin and bury
the body in Potter's Field. Maloney went to the
Morgue and what was aupposed to be Hisbelle s
body was turned over to him. He buried it
on Saturday He save that the body he buried
had a large sear on the back of the head and in

hair and noticeably prominent

 

 

other respects tallied with the description given
of Fren

Morgnuekeeper Favne says there waa no
mix-up in his department. Ir. Melonald
of the Metropolitan Hospital asserts it would
have been imps e to have made amistakea

 

at the hosnmita:, as Hisheile died on Wednesday
and his body was sent to the Morgue the follow-
ing dav, while French’ was not eent there
until Friday. French, 80 the doctor states,
changed ao much while in the hospital that bis
be unable to recognize
him

HUTCHINSON TO ACT AGAIN.

The Young Man Who Marrted a Seventy-eight-
Year-Old Widow to Ketarn to the Stage,
MonTrenier, Vt, Sept. 16.--Willard ff,
Hutehinson announced list-night that he ts
about to return to the stage. During the past
few weeks he has received offers from Froh-

man and from Miss Nethersole, but it was not
until this evening that he decided to return
to his former profession. Mr. Hutchinson,
it will be remembered, is the twenty-four-year-

 

 

old youth who married seventy-elght-year-
old Mrs. Cornelius B. Mareus of New York
last St. Valentine's Day at Richmond, Va

She ta one of the richest women in the world,
Before the wedding she presented the bride-
groom with $3,000,000 worth of real estate and
securities.

Willard was poor before he met Mre. Marcus,
She had been married three times and divorced
thrice. When asked why he desires to return
to the stage Mr. Hutohinson this evening said:

“An idle mind is the devil's workshop. I
am tired of doing nothing.”

Twenty-two Crap Players Bagged.

The police: of the Fourth avenue station,
Brooklyn. raided the cigar store at 1854 Third
avenue at 2 o'clock veaterday morning and ar-
rested the proprietor, Antonio Provost, on the
charge of maintaining a gambling house,
Twenty-two men who were engeged in plaving
craps were arrested on the charge of being dis-
orderly persons, They were arraigned tLefore
Magistrate Bristow in the Bytler street court
and held for examination to-day.

DELICATE ENTREES

and delicious sauces easily made by

LIEBIG

COMPANY'S EXTRACT of Beef

 

The body shown to them had a |

 

STATE LABOR STATISTICS.

Increase in the Nomber of Labor Untons~Ag-
gregate Membership on Jane 30, 247,602,

summary of events

ALBANY, Sept. 16.--A
affecting labor interests for the second quarter
of this year, prepared by the State Bureau
of Labor Btatistics, shows that during the
months of April, May and June the enrolled
membership of labor organizations greatly
increased, especially in Buffalo and the emaller
cities of western New York. An addition
of 151 unions was made to the bureau's roll
of labor organizations, the largest quarterly
increase yet recorded. The gainin membership
was 15,060. On June 80 there were 1,603 labor
organizations In this State, with an aggregate
membership of 247,602. The number of organ-
ized working women was 10,782, which is an
increase of 40 per cent. within the past year
Owing to extended stoppages of work caused
by strikes for higher wages and by the advance
in the price of building materials the number
of unemployed members of labor organizations
in the second quarter of 1900 exceeded the
small number in the same quarter last year.
The percentage of idle unioniate at the end of
June bas been as follows: 1897, 18.1 per cent,;
1898, 20.7 per cent.; 1800, 10.9 per cent.; 1900,
20.7 per cent. The percentage of union mem-
bers idle during the entire three months of
April, May and June in the last four yeats was
13.8 in 1807, 6.0 in Isis, 3 7 in 1800 and 8.4 In 1900,
New York city is the seat of the largest amount
of idleness, which is partly accounted for by
the extenalve strike of the clgarmakers A
large number of the other trades have loss
idleness this year than last at the corresponding
date,

A larger number of buildings was completed
in New York city {n the second quarter of 1900
than in 1890, but the number of new building
started fel) off considerably. At the close o
he quarter many builders were awaiting a
all in prices before undertaking new work.
pn Buffalo also the number of bullding permits
fasued in April, Mey and June, 1900, declined
as compared with last year. Rochester, how-
ever, points to a large Increase over last year
and Syracuse has only aslight decrease.

The increase in the number of {mmigrants
at the port of New York in the second quarter
of 1900, as compared with 1800, was nearly
40 per cent. And the number of immigrants
hat arrived in the year ending June 30 was the
argest since 182; in fact, {t has been exceeded
only seven times in this century, The largest
quota came from southern Italy, while the
largest increase over the corresponding three
months of last year Was among the Greeks
and the Magyars

To meet a widespread demand for statistics
of wages in 1900, as compared with former
years, the bureau has prepared a table giying
the trade union rates In 1896 and 1900. Con-
densed tables show the advane in union
ates and reduction in hours of labor in the
ast three or four years It appears that very
few unions reported a reduction in the rate of

 

wages, while hundreds have reported advances
Fven since the end of the firet quarter of 1900
numerous gains have been made

 

MARINE INTELLIGENCE,

MINTATURE ALMANAC-—-THIS DAY.
5:41 | Sun sets..6:06 | Moon rises.
HIGH WATER ~THIS DAY.

Sandy Hook. 2:21 | Gov. I'd 2.53) Hell Gate...

Sun rises...
4:46

Arrived—SUNDAY, Sept 16
Ss Cymrio, Lindsay, Liverpool, Sept 7.
Ss Mesaba, Segrave, London, Sept 6
Ss Statendam., Van der Zee, Rotterdam, Sept 6
Ss Delaware, Davis, Dublin, Sept. 4
Ss Archimede, Orengo, Naples, Sept. 5.
Ss Bolivia, Craig, Mareetlies, Aug. 1
Ss Lauabure Sperling, Naracos, Sept. 7
Ss Jefferson, Dole. Norfolk, Sept 18.
8s Nacoochee, Smith, Savaniab, Sept 138.
Bark America, Langella, July 25.

ARRIVED OUT

Ss Ems, from New York, at Genoa.
Ss La Touratne, from New York, at Havre.
Ss Southwark, from “ew York, at Antwerp.

SATLRD FROM POREIGN PORTS
Ss Umbria, from Queenstown for New York.

OUTGOING STPAMSHIPS
Sat! To-morrow.

Mails Close. Vessels Sail

 

 

 

  

   

K. Maria Theresla,Bremen 730AM 1000AM
Finance. Colon 9380 AM 190PM
Comanche, Charleston s00P M
F.) Cid, New Orleans...... : s00PM
Furopa, Inagua eee. -1000AM 1200 M
Servia, Liverpool,.....- VSVOAM 1200M
Sai! Wednesday, Sept. 1%
New York, Southampton 7TOOAM 1000 AM
Germanic, Liverpool ° POOAM 1200M
Kensington, Antwerp -1080AM 1200M
Matanzas. Tampico 100P M s0uPM
Prins Willem III,, Haytl. 1030AM 100PM
sail Thursday, Sept. 20.
La Lorraine, Havre 620 AM 1000AM
Fuerst Bismarck, Hamb’g. 600AM 1000 AM
Barbarossa, Bremen. ...... 5 eeneee 200PM
Cienfuegos, Santiago. 100PM Ss00PM
Coleridge, trazil. .1000AM 1200M
Prima, Yucatan ........6+ 100PM s00PM
Sevuranca, Havan 100PM 300PM
FE! Rio. New Orleans, Ps S00PM
Troquols, Charleston s800PM
INCOMING STRAMSHIPS.
Due Today.
| Firby Gibraltar Aug. 28
Piequa ee . Gibraltar.... Aug. 31
MInmehalia..cscceeceeeees London Sept. 7
Pocasset Gibraltar Sept. 2
Star of England London..... . Sept. 3
Astoria Glasgow Sept. 6
Proteus New Orleans Sept 12
Motart St Lucta Sept 10
Philadelphia La GusyrAa Spt. 9
Colorado Brunswick Sept. 14
Due To-morrow
Noord!and Antwerp Sept. 8
Laurentian Glasgow Sept. 6
Panama Bordeaux . Sept 4
Thingvalla Rotterdam......... Sept. §
Kentucky cccceeee eee Hamburg nk 2
Athos Port Limon.... Sept 11
PAPANA  ..ceccesees oes St. Laucta.sese . Sept. 4
El Monte....... e+e New Orleans Sept. 13
Due Wednesday, Sem 19
Majectic TAv eee 12
Kaiser Wilhelm Il Gibraltar n
Princess Irene es Hremen ”
Adirondack ; Jamalea...... 12
Biela ae St. Lucta pt.12
Hudson Colon «s+ Sept it

SEE

Due Thursday, Sept, 20.
St. Cuthbert.... Antwerp
Brooklyn City ..... Swansea
Colerado... Hulk
Bulgaria Hamburg

 

Business HRotices.

People who take DR. SIRGERT'S Angostura Hit
tersin the fall save money on doetors’ bills during
the winter, ‘The great South American tonte

 

wominpD.

DOHRMWAN.,-- At Ridgewood, N. J., on Saturday,
Sept 15, 1900, Augustus Frederick Dohrman, in
the 57th year of his age

Funeral from his late residence on the arrival «
10:80 train from Chainbers st., New York

GIBBONS, —At Livingston Manor, Sullivan county,
N. Y., on Saturday, Sept. 18, 19090, the Rev,
Dantel A. Gibbons, rector of St, Aloysius’ Chureh
in his 33d year

Requiem mass

wf the

Livingston Manor, Tues
day, Sept. 18, 1900, at 10,40 A. M.: office and
solemn requiem at Holy Cross Chureh West
42d st., New York, Wednesday, Sept 19, 199°, at
10 A.M. The reverend clergy and friends are
hereby invited without further notice. Interment

at

in St. Raymond's Cemetery
MERRIAM.—At Waterford, Conn, on Sunday,
Sept. 16, 1900, Dr. Frank W. Merriam of 136

West 11th st., aged 46 years.
Interment at Woodlawn Cemetery at 2:30 P. M. on
Wednesday, Sept
MIT HAU.—At Southampton, L. L, on Saturday
morning, Sept. 15,1900, Mary J. (née Manning),
wife of Fdward L. Miihau.

Funeral services on Tuesday morning, Sept. 14,
1900, at 11 o'clock, In the Church of St. Charles
Borromeo, Sidney pl, Brooklyn, N.Y. Paris
papers please copy.

SCHIEFFELIN.—On Thursday, Sept. 15, 1900,
Samuel Bradhurst Schieffelin, in his 00th year.

Relatives and friends are invited to attend the
funeral services at his late residence, 958 Madison
av., Monday, Sept. 17, 1900, at 10.30 A M,

SPENCER,—At Newark, N. J., on Saturday, Sept
15, 1900, Cora Edith, wife of George F. Spencer,
Funeral services at her late residence, 821 Lake
&t., Forest Hill, on Tuesday, Sept 18 1000, at 2
P.M. Relatives and friends are invited to attend,

UNDERWOOD.—At Cranford, N. J.. on Friday,
Sept 14, 1900, after a lingering iliness, William
W. Underwood, aged 43.

Funeral services at bis late residence, Arlington
road, Cranford, N. J., Monday, Sept 17, 1900, at
& P.M. Carriages will meet 7 P.M. train from
foot of Liberty st., N. Y.

WEEKS. —At New Rochelle, N. Y., on Friday. Sept
14, 1900, Antoinette Mataran, beloved wife of
Bartow S. Weeks,

Funeral services on Monday, Sept. 17, 1990, at io
A. M., at Church of St Vinoent de Paul, 25d st,
between 6th and 7thavs, New York ¢ily

19. 1900

 

22

CYPRESS HILES CEMETERY.
Office, b Madison ay,, corner 23d st., N. ¥.

Few Publications,

OOKS ON MASSAGE, Water Cre, Hypnotism,
Astrology, Palmistry, &o P TWH 1 Oth av

 

 

 

  

If you're visiting our city don’t
hesitate to visit our stores just
because you don’t intend to buy.

A looker today may be a
buyer to-morrow.

Clothes, shoes, hats and fur.
nishings.

Roorrs, Peer ~ Company.

258 Broadway, cor. Warren,
and 7 and #9 Warren St.

569 Kroadway, cor. Prince.

1260 Broadway, cor, $24,
and 54 West dd St

STRAIGHT GOODS ARE BEST

are free from all ad-
mixtures, Nearly all
the Whiskies offered
are mixed; they are
more profitable to the
bottler.

OLD
CROW
RYE

is a straight, HAND-
MADE SOUR MASH,
and is absolutely pure
when it leaves the
premises of

H. 8. KIRK & CO., NEW YORK.

Gold medal awarded for quality at
Paris Exposition, 1900.

Post Oftice Rotice,

eee

We fill orders
by mall,

 

onwrees
© irene
ane vees,

 

po" OFFICE NOTICE,

Should be read DAILY by all interested, as changes
may oceuw atany time)

Foreign mails for the week ending Sept. 22, 1900,
will close (PROMPTLY in all cases) at the General
Post Office as follows: PARCELS POST MAILS
close one hour earlier than Senn k time shown below,

Parcels Post Mails for Germany close at 5 P, M, Mon-
day and Wednesda

PRANSATLANTIC MAILS,

TUESDAY -At 7A. M, for EUROPE, per steam-
ship Kalserin Maria Theresia’, via Cherbourg
Southampton and Bremen (all for Ireland must

be directed “per steamship Kaiserin Maria ‘There

sia”) at 9 A. M. (supplementary 11 A. M.) for
IRELAND, per steamship Servia, via Queens
town, LETTER MALL ONLY (mali for other

arta of Europe must be directed “per steamship
Servia™).
WEDNESDAY. At.7 A. M. (supplementary 9 A.
M.) for EUROPE, per steamship New York, vi
Southampton; at 9 A. M. (supplementary 10:3
A. M.) for ECROPE, per steamship Germanic
via Queenstown; at 10:30 A, M. for BELGI( M
direct, per sles manip Kensington (mall must be
Aire ted “per steatiehip Kensington”).
THURSDAY. At 680 M. for EUROPE, pe
steauiship Fuerst Bismarck, via Plymouth an
Hiamburg (matl for France, Switzerland, Italy,
Spain, Portugal, Turkey, key pt British India
and Lorenzo Marques, via Cherbourg, must be

 

directed “per steamship Fuerst Bismarck’); at
6.30 A, M. for FRANCE, SWITZERLAND,
ITALY, SPAIN, PORTUGAL, ‘TURKEY,
EGYPT, BRITISH INDIA and LORENZO

per steamship La Lorraine, via

for other ny of Europe must be

directed “per steamship La Lorraine”),

SATURDAY At 6 A. M. for NETHERLANDS,
per steamship Statendam (mail must be directed
"per steamellp Statendam”; at 10 A, M. for
SCOTLAND direct, per steamship Astoria (mail
must be directed “per steamship Astoria”); at 10:40
A. M. (supplementary 12 M.) for EUROPE, per
steamship Lucania, via Queenstown, at 1 P M.
for ITALY, per ston mah’p Kaiser Wilhelm IL,
via Naples (mall must be directed “per steamship
Kaiser Wilhelm IL”),

MARQUES,
Havre (mati

 

*PRINTED MATTER, ETC.-This steamer takes
Printed Matter, Commerctal Papers, and Sam-
ples for Germany only The same class of mall
matter for other parts of Europe will not be sent by
this ship unless specially directed by her.

After the closing of the Supplementary Transatlantic
Mails named above, additional supplementary
mails are opened on the plers of the American,
Fnglish, French and German steamers, and
remain open until within Ten Minutes of the hour
of sailing of steamer.

FOR SOUTH AND CEN" AMER-

ICA, WEST INDIES

TUESDAY At 0.80 A. M. (supplementary 10:30
A. M.) for CENTRAL AMERICA ‘except Costa
Rica) and SOUTH PACIFIC PORTS, per steam-

for Guatemala

 
  

RAL
TC

 

MAILS

ship Finance, via Colon «mail

must be directed “per steamship Finance”); et

10 A. M. for INAGUA and HAITI, per steam-

ship Huropa; at # P. M. for JAMAICA, per

steamship Admiral Farragut, from Boston
WEDNESDAY.-~ At 1030 A for HAITI, per

steamship Prins William IL, (mali for Curacao,
Venezuela, Trinidad, British and Duteh Guiana
must be directed" per steamsh|pPrins WililamIll.”);

at! PD. M. for MEXICO, per steamship Matanzas,
via Tampleo «mat! must be directed “per steam-
Matanras”), $1 P. M. for LA PLATA

ship
( “f NTRIES, per steamship Arabtistan
THURSDAY. AtIOA. M for BRAZIL direct and
LA PLATA COUNTRIES, per steamship Cole-
ridge (mat! for North Brazil must be Alrected “per
steamatip Coleridge”); atl P. M. for SANTIAGO,
CUBA, per steamship Clenfuegos; at | P. M. for
YUCATAN, CAMPECHE, TABASCO and
CHIAPAS, per steamship Seguranca, Via Havana

 
   
 

  
 

 

 
 

nd Progreso (nal. for other parts of Meafco and
for Cuba must be directed ver steamship Segu
ranea” it 1 P.M. for YUCATAN, per steam-
ship Prima, via Progreso (matl must be directed
“per steamship Prima") atv P.M. for JAMAICA,
yer steamship Admiral Sehley, from Boston,
SATU RDA A. M. fon NEWFOUNDLAND,
per stear ip Siberian, from. Philadelphia at
10 A.M. (supplmentary 10.30 A. M.) for FOR
TUNE ISLAND, JAMAICA, SAVANILLA
and CARTHAGENA, per steamship Athos
malt for Costa Kica must be directed “per steam-
ship Athos"); at 10 A. M. ¢ ementary 10:30
A.M) for INAGUA and HALT, per steamship
Adironda at A.M. (supplementary 10°80

A.M. for PORTO RICE CLRACOA end
VENEZUELA, per steamship Philadelphia (mail
and Carthagena must be directed

 

 

for Savantil

“per steamship | Hladelphia’); at 11 A. M. for
CUBA. per steamship Meaico, via Havana: at
1P. M. for MATANZAS, CAIBARIEN, NUEVI-
TAS, GIBARA, BKARACOA and PUERTO
PADRE, per steamship Curityba (ordinary mall

  
 

oh must be directed “per steamship Curi-

Malls for Newfoundland, by rail to North Byaney.
close at this oMfce daily

 

and thence by steamer

ato a0 P.M. (connecting close here every Mon-
uay, Wednesday and Saturday). Malis for
Mique hy rall to Boston thence by steam-
er. close at thisoMce dally at 6:30 P. M. alls for
Cuba, by rall to Port Tampa, Fla, and thenee by
stearer, close at this office dally at 67 A. M. @he
connecting closes are on Sunday, Wednesda:
and Friday Matis for Mexico City, overland,

unless specially addressed for despateh by steam-
er. close at this of ce dally at 2.30 A.M. and 2:30
P.M. Malis for Costa Rica, by tall to Mobile,
and for Belize, Puerto Cortez and Guatemala, by
rall to New (Orieans, and thence by steamer, close
at this office daily at §3 P.M. (connecting close
here Tuesdays for Costa Rica and Mondays for
Belize. Puerto Cortez and Guatemala). §Regise-
tered mal! closes at 6 P. M. previous day.

 

TRANSPACIPIC MAILS

Mails for Australia ‘except West Austrailia, whieh
go via Furope, and New Zealand, which ro
via San Francteco), and Fiji Islands, via Vancou-
ver, close here dally at 6.30 P, M up to Sept. $15,
inclusive, for despatch per steamship Warrimoo
(supplementary mails, via Seattle, close at 6:30
P { ay g16 Matls for Hawall, Japan,
China and Philippine Islands, via San
cisco, close here daily at 630 P. M. up to Sept
$17. Inciusive, for deapatch per steamship “Mp
ea Maru. Malis for Hawati, China, Japan and
*hilippine Islands, via San Francisco, close here
daily at @:30 P M up to Sept. §27, inclusive,
for despatch per steamship Rio de Janelro, \s
for Australia ‘except West Austrailia), New Zea-
land, Hawali, Fifi and Samoan Islands, via San
Francisco, close here daily at 6380 P. M. after
Sept. 916 and up to Sept. 20§, inclusive, or on
day of arrival of steamship Campania, due a8
New York Sept. §20 for despateh t ateam-
ship Alameda. Malis for China and Japan, via
Vancouver, close here daily at 6:30 P. M. up to
Oct. §2, inclusive, for despatch per steamship
Empress of India (registered mail must be directed
via Vancouver” Mats for Hawati, cla San
Francisco, close here daily at 630 P.M. up te
Oct. $12, inclusive, for despatch per steamship
Australia

Transpaci'\«
daily ane

  
 

 

is are forwarded to port of sailing
| ‘ sing |s arranged on the

 

     

 

 

presvrr f thelr nterrupted overland translit,
gRegistered mall closes at 6 P.M. previous day
CORNELIUS VAN COTT. Postmaates,
Post Office, New York, NX. ¥., Sept. 14, 1800,
TO READ “THE SUN'S" RFAL ESTATE
SEWS

and tabular forms of daily transaction t

better posted in. this direction than ee ope
rely on so-called Reai Esta'e mediu where
the effort but partially covers the crane —Adv

ear

a aia

Slaten steneeesteeenctintaneneemendeneeene enim dneeeneneememeettieaenee

aia ciliebleaneilhiamrtptnatacneeeamteei ite
iit