oS

Bre oe :

 

—_— -- _ ———
fn,

MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1900.

 

 

 

 

Sabsertptions by

DAILY. per Month..... 0m neceees ee aveveees és
DAILY, per Year... °

BUNDAY, per Year
DAILY AND GUNDAY, per Vear......--
DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Month........- 70

Postage © @ereign countries added.
Tan Gum, New York City.

Panis—Hiosque Ne 12, near Grand Hotel, and
Kiosque No. 10, Boulevard des Capucines

 

 

It eur friends who fevor ws with manuseripte for
publication with to Rave rejected articles returned, they
must in ali cases eend amps for that purpors

The Paramount Issue.

 

 

 

 

 

n desortbing the political situation of the
country !n his letter of acceptance, the
Hon. Wn.u4tam McKratrr made no great
effort to determine absolutely the para-
mount issue. He noted that the Kan-
gas City platform oalied impertalism " para-
mount” and free silver “immediate;” but
his main purpose was to submit the graver
facta of the day to the general judg-
mens. Nevertheless there is a test for de-
ciding what issue ts paramount, allver or
frpertalism, which beine applied, leaves no
room for honest intelligences to differ as to
the result. It ia this

Free silver, the star of the Chicago plat-
form, as it is of the Kansas City plat orm,
fs fraud. It is dishonor, inde-
pendent of {ta commercial hurtfulness
In 1806, before t ¢ Chicago platform had
set a seal on many Democratic lips, Demo-
orata vied with Republicans in denouncing

national

{t as a moral orime and political disgrace. |

If adopted, or even merely voted for, the
country’s credit would never afterward
be spotiess and above suspicion.

It follows that there is no namable or
thinkable condition which justify
approval of the Kansas City platform and
fo make olear our estimate of |

can

Brva*
the reiptive importance of the {issues now
we will say that Tre Sry, the

bh ree,
firs mong American newspapers after
the Uattle of Manila to deolare for the ex-

pansion of our sovereignty to the Philip-
pines, would rather see the Philippines
abandoned and expansion lost than see
free silver triumph

Before the alternative of national honesty
and national power and wealth we put
the man above the dollar; we are for na-
tional honesty. While that ts threatened,
as it Is to-day through Brran’s platform
and candidacy, to defend it against Bryan
is the voter’s paramount cuty

No fraud for the Government of the

United States!

 

No Bryanism'

Governor Roosevelt's Letter.

Treopore Roosevert's letter accepting
the Republican nomination for Vice-Prest-
dent contains one passage which presents
Brran’s false paramount jaane in a novel |
aspect and makes a useful contribution
to the phraseology of the campaign:

Properly speaking, the question ta not whether we
shall expand for we have aready expanded—bet
whether we shall contract. The Philippines are now
part of American territory To surrender them would
be to surrender American territory.”

This ia correct nomenclature. The true
position of Bryan is here exposed in leas
than forty words. He is not an anti-im-
perfalist, for no such thing as {mperialism |
threatens the Untted States, and no Ameri- |
can is an imperialist. BRYAN is a contrac-
tionist; » contraotionist of American terri-
tory, if he has his way. Governor Roosr-
VELT is an anti-contractionist. What good
Amertean {a not an = anti-contractionist,
when it comes to the question of surrender-
ing American territory?

For the rest, the Governor's letter puts
honeat money squarely at the front, where
{t belongs; touches on the question of trusta;
and effectively supplementa Mr. McKrn-
Ley's discussion of the Philippine polley
with this straightforward proposition:

"To turn over the Islands ty AGTINaALDO and bis
followera would not be to give self gowernment to the
islanders; under no circumstances would the majority
thus gain self Government. They would simpiv be
putatthe meres of a syndicate of Chinese half breeds,
under whom corruption would flourtsh far more freely
than ever it flourished under Twaren, while tyranni
cal oppression would obtain to a degree only possible
under such an oligarchy.”

The letter from top to hottom is frank,
vigorous and thoroughir American, like
the man who wrote it.

The Departmen’ Store.

Why did the Hon, Jonw B. StTaxcnrFieip
take it into his head to warn the Wayne
county farmers against the department
store? Hear him

‘The department store, of consequence in propor
tion to the steer of the nlace where ft ts located, rushes
into the book trade, and destroys the ireome of the
retail bookseller They dabble in every kind of mer
chandiae, from whiskey to strrebnine, all to the harm
of the retatler, The department store ts the legit)
mate frinttof the Trust Sbould the Truat go on un
cheeked tn the future, as ft has in the past tt requires
no prophetic eve to see the consolidation of depart-
ment stores Inevery elty in the land, the tnevitable
result of which will be the rufn of the retail trades.
man.”

The department store {s not the fruit,

legitimate or tllegitimate, of the Trust. It |
came into being long before that nightmare |

of the Bryanites was heardof. The old-
fashioned country store, keeping or trying
to keep everything which {ts customers
were likely to call for, flourished when the
United States were colonies. It flourishes
still, although the range of its goods has
widened vastly since the daya when every
customer was treated to New England or
W. IL. rum whenever he bought or sold any-

 

they injuring? They deal in groceries, yet
who are more prosperous than the numer-

ous small grocers? They have plenty of | delay would

oustomers in their neighborhood, They do

a good business and most of them amass a

competence. Watch the clerk in the long

linen coat who picks out your green

corn and the boy who drives the wagon or

| carries the basket. In a few years you will
find them graduating into @ grocery e6-
tablishment of their own. The thing ts
happening every day.

The department stores se!! drugs, but new
drug stores spring up inthe night. Some
of the department stores sell meat, but the
butchers are getting rich all thesame. And
goon, The retail tradesman is far from
being ruined, He has his customers, mainly
of the victnage. He is protected and al-
ways will be protected from the depart-
ment stores by distance and the necessity
of carfare.

Some of the eminent foes of department
stores assert that as they walk along the
streeta they no longer see smal! shops,
They don't select the right streets to walk
along. Probably they confine their re
searches to Wall street.

 

 

 

What Japan Has Gained From tho
Capture of Pekin.

The Tokio Government haa announced
that {t desires no terrttorial compensa-
tion at the expense of Ohina--Corea ia not
@ part of China--in recognition of the part
whioh it has taken in the relief of the lega-
tions. It expects only a reasonable peou-
niary indemnity for its outlay in blood and
treasure. Of this it is assured by the
wiarantee received in advance from Great
Britair. Is this all that it can hope to
gain by ita impressive and probably decisive
demonstration on behalf of the collective
interests of the treaty Powers in China?
This interesting question will be found
answered at some length by the London
National Review for the current month,
in an article entitled * Japan and the New
Far East.”

The writer of this article maintains that
the one Power which stands fo gain enor-
mously from the new situation inthe Far
East is Japan. It would be hard to over-
estimate the advance which she has sud-
denly made in dignity and in the respect of
the civilized world. From a moral point
of view her position has been revolutionized
since the spring of 1896, when Russia, France

| and Germany presumed to rob her of the

fruits of victory. It is but a short time
ago, indeed, when Count Cassint, who
was, it will be remembered, the represent-
ative of Russfa at Pekin before he was
transferred to Washington, declared that
Russia could not entrust Japan with the
task of bringing China to order, because
ao to do would be “ to atultify herself, cede
her place to Japan and loge her prestige
inthe Far East. Inthat part of the world,”
he continued, “ prestige means 50 per cent.
of power. If there ts any Power, the in-
fluence of which should be prevented from
gaining ground in China, {t is certainly
Japan, which {a the one Power capable of
realizing the {deals of Pan-Mongoliam to
the terror of all Europe.” The very thing,
however, which the Count dreaded has
happened. Not only has Japan taken the
leading part in the advanoa to Pekin, but
she haa taken it because her bitterest
enemiea could not act without her help.
The very Power which was warned off
Chinese soll {in 1895, by Russia, Germany
and France, because she waa “ yellow,”
and because Russia and Germany wanted
for themselves her conquests in Liaotung
and Shantung, has had to
to save the foreigners tn Pekin.

The official correspondence which has
been lately published in London shows that
Janan would have moved even more quickly
and effectively than she did but for the
ungracious, not to say forbidding, at-
titude assumed by Germany and Ruasia.
When the firat outbreak
oceurred, M. pe Grers, the Russian Miniater
at Pekin, inaisted that pressure upon China
was needless, and that the Chinese troops
would suppress all disorders. Even in
the latter part of June the Russian Foreign
Office asserted that, in a fortnight from
June 20, the crisis would be over, and that
the insurrection would collapse before
troops from Europe could arrive, This,
of course, was tantamount to saying that
Japan's intervention would be superfluous.
Thies was not the opinion held in Tokio,
nor, fortunately for the besieged legations,
was {t entertained In London or in Wash-
ington. England, however, did not act
on her opinion with the quiokness which
the crisis required. The fact should not
be lost sight of that, aa far back as June
12, the Tokio Foreign Office informed the
Enitish Government that Japan was ready
to send a considerable force to the support
of Admiral Seymour, provided Creat
Britain approved, The offer was not then
accepted, though three days later Japan
was civilly assured that England intended
to act in concert with her and “ with the
other Powers interested in the restoration
of order” It waa not until June 22, when
the situation at Pekin was recognized
ascriticaland the jeopardy of the legations
was appreciated, that Lord Sa.isaurr
addreased an urgent appeal to Japan,
asking whether she was not going to send
a larger force than the body of about a
thousand men, already despatched, and
suggesting that her geographical position
enabled her to intervene with effect. With
this tardy request Japan now hesitated
to comply, for several reasons, In the
first place, she had no mind to make costly
sacrifices, and then to be ordered back
haughtily from Pekin a second time, as
she had been in 1895. She foresaw com-
plications with Russta, not only while the
| Japanese soldiers should be operating in
Chih-li, but also after China should have
| been humbled, She also perceived that,
| practically, she was being asked to give
| Russia indirect assistance in Manchuria,
for toward the end of June {it was known
lin Tokio that Russia was going to have
trouble, not only along the line of the Man-

ehurian Railway but on the Amur River
| itself Above all, it had cometo be rec-
ognized that Japan was &@ poor State,

 

thing at ita counters The « ountry store
with its dry goods and its wet goods, its
knitting needles and rolling pins, ite pots
and pane and straw hats and lawn mowers,
fs the original department store: and we
have not heard that anrhody considered
himself oppressed by it. The statesmen in
Weatern Legislatures who build bills in re-
straint of department stores exclude from
the operations of the proposed acta towns

of leas than 56,900 inhabitants

According

to Mr. Bryan all Trusts are bad, but it
seems from thie circumstance that oniva
few department stores are

And how ia it withthe bie ones? They

®erve a great public convenience and de-
mand. They are thronged with customers
Apparently they are for the greatest good
of the greatest number.

and that the despatch of a large expedition
to northern China would impose a severe
strain on her resources, In view of her
unpleasant experience in 1895 she naturally
wanted guarantees of indemnification for
the losses that she might suffer in men and
money

On receiving a response to this effect
lord SaLtisavry at once inquired of the
Czar and of the German Kaiser whether
they would approve of the landing of some
thirty thousand Japanese troops at Taku.
The Kaiser delaved hia answer for six
dava, and then said that order could be
restored only by a European concert, and
that he could not judge whether or no
Germany could undertake the reapon-
sibility of supporting Japan. This he said,

be begged |

of the Boxers |

 

|

force could reach northern China from
Europe for two months, and that such a
condemn the foreigners
in Pekin to destruction. The reply, how-
ever, of the St. Petersburg Government
which, no doubt, had already received
alarming news from Manchuria, did not
reject the idea of Japanese intervention,
but expressed a wish to see Japan “ acting
in accord and codperation with the other
Powers” On the receipt of this answer,
Lord Sauissuny addressed an urgent
appeal to Japan to act at once and save the
legations; he alao offered to guarantee
finanotal assistance, together with the help
of such British soldiers as could be made
available,

The appeal was successful, and Japan
proceeded to act with a celerity and an
efficiency that have challenged the ad-
miration of military experta. When the
march against Pekin began, Japan had,
either in the expeditionary columa, or
retained for the protection of Tientsin or
employed for the purpose of keeping open
communications, about thirty thousand
men, that is to say, the equivalent of an army
corps, whose discipline, equipinent, means
of transportation and commissariat must
be described as nearly perfect. The rest
of the allied army, on the other hand, was
a collection of weak brigades, each under
& separate commander, each speaking 4
different language, and each animated
by more or leas jealousy toward the other
sections of the force. The outcome of
such astate of things could not have been
other than what it was, namely, that the
major part of the work accomplished on
the march from Tientsin to Pekin and tn
the capture of the Chinese capital was
performed by the Japanese, This is a
truth acknowledged by all candid European
onlookers, and it must be as patent to the
Chinese as to them. In the eyes of the
Chinese it is Japan more than any other
nation which has marched to their capital
and discomfited the Celestial braves. Not
leas striking will be the object lesson af-
forded to the mass of northern China-
men by the sight of a yellow race, not only
fighting side by side with foreigners, but
surpassing them in respect of organized
effectiveness, They cannot but ask them-
selves, if Japan can attain to this strength
and consideration as the result of certain
ohanges, why should not China? They
will also learn from Janan's example
as, indeed, the many young Chinamen who
have been sent to school In the Mikado’s
Empire have already noted-—that {t I's
possible for the Far Fast to take to It-
self all that 1s most valuable and vital in
Western civilization, without losing the
bear featurea of Orientalism, namely, the
patriarohal system and the respect for
ancestors upon which resta the whole
fabric of Eastern family life

So far aa Japan is concerned, the outcome
of the capture of Pekin is twofold. In the
first plaos, the prestige of the great siiccess
won mainly by her troops wil! immensely
increase hereafter her influence with the
Chineae Government. In the second place,
the demonstration that her five hundred
thousand soldiera auch is the volume of her
army on a war footing--are not only good
enough to beat Chinamen, but are a mateh
in intelligence, bravery and organization for
the best Westerners, and are supported
by a powerful fleet, should convinces
Furopean Powersthe United States need
no oonvincing—that prudence and for-
bearanoe are neoeasary tn dealing with
Japan, especially since Japan ts on the
spot, while Western peoples are ten thou-
sand miles away.

 

Strange Remarks of a Former Con-
sul-General,

The Hon. Patrick ANDREW COLLINS
of Maasachusetta had rather be regular
than right this year and so he is marching
meekly among the recanting Democrats, a
very preoious sight at Bryanite meetings
Gen. Counina waa on exhibition at the
New Jersey Democratic State Convention,
and he made a queer speech in which this
is perhaps the queerest passage:

“We meet under entirely different conditions and
have to aetile utterly different questions from those
that faced us in the last Presidential election, We
were then In fact the United States of America not
the (nited States of America and Asia prosperous
and peaceful at home and respected abroad, not merely
because of our material greatness, brit because our
national honor was unsullied and our public faith
had been sacredly kept”

By reference to the Chicago platform,
which ia a part of the Kansas City platform,
Gen, Counts will find how far from pros-
perity the country was thought or said
to he by the Bryanites,

Doea Gen, Connins really think that
the United States Government after its
success in the Spanish war and ita occupa-
tion of the Philippines is leas respected
abroad than {t was in 189A?

Aa to the national honor, Gen. Cots
ia doing his best to stain that by supporting
the fanatic of fraudulent money.

The Hope of Former Days.

The Hon, Jonn B. STANCHFTIELD was
District Attorney of Chemung at 26, Mayor
of Elmira at 31, a prosperous lawyer almost
from the time he left the law school. He
{a only 45 now,

The hope of former days has departed
from the young men of the land,

The Hon, WiuitaAM FLEMING Mackry
was a candidate for Congress at 30, Assistant
City Attorney of Buffalo in his early thirties,
successful in his profession in his twenties,
a State Senator at 40. He has reached
the patriarchal age of 42.

The hope of former days has departed
from the youth of the land,

The Hon. Jonn T. NORTON got a good
job as managing clerk for a Buffalo law
firm when he wae 23, Won an assured place
in his profession in a few years, was sent
to the Assembly at 20. He bends beneath
the weight of 35 years

The hope of former days has departed
from the youth of our land.

The Hen. Jonx Brown Jvpson was
making money In the job printing business
almost as soon as he got out of achool
He has done well in several kinds of busi-
neas. His poll is whitened with the frosts
of thirty-nine summers.

The hope of former days has departed
from the youth of the land.

The Hon. EpWarp Strorrs ATWATER
became President of a Poughkeepsie bank
at 38. Thia ivy-covered memorial of the
daya when young men had a chance has
come to the Methusalemic antiquity of 47.

The hope of former days has departed
from the youth of our land

The Hon, THromas FRANKIIN Conway
was laving up treasure before he was 25
and was the Democratic candidate for
Attorney-General when he was 86. The
monumental pomp of 88 ts in this goodly
personage.

The Hon. Russet. R. Srvart comes

But whom are | although he jwas aware that no strong ' down to us from the mists of immemorial

THE SUN, MONDAY, SEPTEM

 

 

eld. He has come to 63. He had mace
headway enough in his profession to be
appointed Assistant Engineer of a division

of the Erie Canal at 33. But that was In
the good days before the unceasing war-
fare against monopoly.

The hope of former days has departed
from the youth of the land.

 

Lawton and Bryan.

The people of Fort Wayne dedicated a
monument to Gen, Henry W. LAWTON last
week, and gave his name to the chief park
of their city. By some strange forgetful-
ness on the part of somebody who should
have known better, Mr. BrraNn was the
orator of the day. He spoke of his own
record or want of record as a soldier, dis-
tributed some platitudes of praise to the
volunteers, uttered the musty old talk about
the ‘ victories of peace,"’ and yearned for
“the time to come when no hestile arm will
be raised against a fellow mau,’

But what he said was no matter, Of all
men he was the last who should have been
allowed tu speak at the dedication of
LAWTON's monument, save in the way of
confession and self-humiliation, LAWTON
might have been alive to-day if the anti-
imperialist gang had not egged on their
dear friends, the Tagalog George Wash-
ingtons, to the slaughter of Americans in
the Philippines, The witness against Mr.
Brran is Gen. Lawton himself:

* T would to Gop thatthe truth of this whole Phil-
{ppine situation could be known by every one in
America as! know it, If the real history, inspiration
and conditions of this insurrection, and the influences,
local and eaternal, that now enoourage the enemy, as
well asthe actual posstbilitles of these Islands and
peoples and thetr relations to this great East could be
understood at home, we would hear no more talk of
unjust ‘shooting of government’ Into the Filipinos
orof bauling down our flag In the Philippines. If
the so-called anti impertalists would honestly ascer
taln the truth on the ground, and tot In distant
America, they. whom I belleve t) be Lonest men mis
informed, would be convinced of the error of their
statements and conclusions and of the unfortunate
effect of their publications here. If | am shot bya
Filipino bullet, it might as well come from one of my
own men, because 1 know from observations confirmed
by captured prisoners that the continuance of hgnting
1s chiefly due to reports sent out from America.”

The Filipino bullet found that brave
heart. The chief and candidate of the
American Aguinaldists is now spouting

at LAWTON'S grave.

President MCKINILPY'S letter of acceptance seems
to mean that the gold standard will be secure only
so long as the Republican party is keptin power
Loutsritie Courter Journal

You've got it precisely, It's a mere political
truism, The country’s monetary standard
will remain at the mercy of the party fn power
until it is fixed by some Constitutional amend-
ment. A law a week for fortifying the gold
standard would be no barrier to its overthrow
by a opposed to it when it got the
chance

To-day the Democratio party
silver.

party

is for free

 

That mighty Populist, statesman and privy
councillor of Col. Bryan, Gen. JIM WEAVER, was
to hold forth at Emporia, Kan., the other day,
Instead of the expected sea of faces, there
wasn't even a bucketful, and Gen, WrAVER
refused tospeak. Once more these lovely lines
bubble up in the memory

“Big Crops,
Few Pops."

THE Sw recently reported the seognd in-
stance, within a little over a yaar, of a flock
of sheep being driven over a precipice and
killad by cowboys, In the early days of the
fight between tha cattle and sheap
on the Western plains the hostile herders aimed
to kill one another instead of the animals. The

interests

attempt to era7za sheep in Pleasant Valley,
Ariz, for example, eoat the lives of thirty-
two men. [in recent yeata, however, the war-

fare has usually taken the form of attempts
to destroy the flocks or herds But the long
waning During several years of
drought the cattle men have searcely earned
expenses while the sheep owners, who ean more
easily drive their flocks hundreds of miles to
Many cattle companias
leaving

flaht is

have flourished.
the ranges entirely,

water
have at
the sheep in full possession.

Our Government fs taking a hand, however,
{in a comparatively racent phase of the dispute,
[here waa little interference with cowboyrs
and sheep herders as long as ther confined
their strife to the unlocated public domain
but now they both are pushing up into the
national reserves. The cattle
charge that the sheep eat out all the
eyen voung trees and endanger
the foresta, The sheep men
the forestry experts who are
studying the reserves for the Government
are divided in opinion. Mr. Gorman,
example, saya in the last report on the reserves
that sheep should nor be permitted to graze
{n tham; on the other hand, Mr. Town
{n the same report that sheep are doing no
damage in the Rig Horn reserve and he believes
the charges against them are not well founded,
The evidence is so conflicting that scientific
experte were sent, last spring, to the moun-
tains of Colorado, New Mexico and Arizona
to endeavor to get at the truth of the matter
Meanwhile 409,000 sheap have been allowad to
graze in the reserves of Arizona this season,
and while ther are industriously cropping the
grasa the forestry associations are working
to secure the prohibitionof grazing within the

andonet

men
under-

foreat

brish and
the future of

deny this and

reserves

We wish to be enttrely respectful to the President of
the United States, yet {t must be said that his treay
ment of this question ts fairly stunning tn Its evaasive-
ness and obliquity.--Springfteld Repudlican.

The facuity of good judgement, of clear, in-
tuitive perception of character, seems to be
hereditary. A few days before the end of the
Ruehanan Administration the elder Samven
Row.es wrote to the Hon. Henry LarrRens
Dawes that ‘ Linconn is a ‘Simple Srsan,'"*
and sneered at the coming Adininistration as
* the New Yorker (Mr. SEWARD) with the Illinois

attachment.”
—

John Brown's Body.

To THE EpirorR OF THR SUN—Sir: I was glad
to ser by A despatch In one of your recent Issues that
Col. Le Grand B. Cannon ts protecting andimproving
the site at North Fiba, N. Y., where John Brown's
body lies mouldering in the grave’’ under the
shadow of the Adtrondacks and beneath a huge
boulder of eternal granite

This spot will be forever dear to history and man
kind, embalmed asitis with sacred and thrilling
memories of that struggle which lifted a race to Hb
erty and dedicated a continent to freedom,

It is well, therefore, to keep these relics safe and
sacred, for in the eloquent words of Wendel! Philiips,
“It is not tmpossible that Virginia, ‘clothed andin her
right mind,’ may yet beg of New York the dust of
John Brown for some marble mausoleum at Rich

mond, as repentant Florence, robed in sackcloth,

begged of Ravenna the bones of that outlawed Dante

whom a century before she bad ordered to be burned

alive.” BRANDON,
NeW YORK, Sept. 14,

It's a Bust of Richard Hunt.

To THe Eprror oP TH® SUN—Sir: While
riding down Fifth avenue in my automobile I notice
opposite the Lenox Library a bustof a gentleman
done in bronze and mounted upon a4 peristyle of
granite, the ensemble forming a most pleasing monu-
ment I bad not the pleasure of knowing this gentle
man tn life, and while there seems to have been some
attemp! by the committee to Identify the statue by an
tnacription, the letterer, after finishing his task, forgot
to leave bis magnifying glass behind, so that itistm
possible for the ordinary public to read his writing.

ho is it? WALTER LFA.

NEW YORK, Sept. 15

 

Missing Records.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN—Sir; Forty-five
years ago there were records in the Surrogate's office
in this city of letters of administration, granted by the
probate officer of this county, from the years 1743 to
1785 inclusive, occupying five books, distinguished

by the letters A. B,C, DandE N
found Where are they? ow on”
NEw YORK, Sept. 18.

  
 
  
 

BER 17, 1900.

 

 

IMPORTATIONS OF INDIA-RUBBER.

They Now Exceed 830,000,000 a Year—Trees
and Plants May Be Grown in Oar Islands.
Wasntnaron, Sept. 16—More than $100,-

000,000 worth of India-rubber has been imported

into the United Stutes during the past four

 

eS

years, and more than $60,000,000 worth in the |

last two years.
portations of India-rubber amounted to about
$15,000,000; now they exceed $80,000,000, and
are steadily increasing. Practically all of the
importations of rubber come in crude form
for use of manufacturers, who are constantly
extending its application to various new lines
of industry. Northern Brazil, southern Mex-
ico, the Weat Indies, central Africa, India,
the Straite Settlements and the Dutch East
Indies supply thie increasingly important
feature of our {mportationa Probably no
single article has made a more rapid growth

in ite relations to manufactures and conse-
quently commerce in the past few years than
rubber, Ag @ Consequence attention is how
being given to the cultivation and systematic
wroduction of the various plants and trees
rom which It can be produced

rhe above statement is suggested by the re-
ceipt by the Treasury Bureau of Statistics
of a publication detailing the systermatic efforts
betng made for the culddvation of India rubber
trees and plants In the British colonies, espe-
clally those of central and South Africa. This
@oupled with the well known fact that our own
Department of Agriculture has already bewun
experiments and inguiries in this. line in the
island territories of the United States adds
greatly to the interest in this question and to
the possibility that the $30,000,000 a year which
we are now sending out of the country for this
prosuce may be expended under the American
ag and among American producers. The
fact that southern Mexico and Central America
are natural producrs of India rubber in con
siderable and increasing quantities, and that
large quantities are produced in and exported
from tie islands and mainiand immediately
adjacent to the Philippines saueyesta great
rogatbilities in this line, beth in Cuba Porto
tico and in the Hawalian and Philippine Islands

Indiaerubber is not, as is generally supposed
the product of a aingle tree, but {fs produced
from a variety of trees and plants, Sone
of these flourisl only in a moist soil and atinos-
phere, while others thrive on stons soil, pro
vided they receive ample though intermittent
raintall) though {n all cases a tropical or sub
tropical cliniate is requisite Most of the
India-rubber of South and Central America and
India is from trees, but in the Islands of the
Indian archipelawo the supply of rubber is
chiefly from a gigantic creeper, which fn five
years’ growth attains a length of 200 feet anc
from twenty to thirty inches in circumference,
and which vields annually from fifty to sixty
pounds caoutchoue Java, Sumatra, Pe-
nang, Singapore and French Indo-China are
already large producers of crude Indla-rubber,
or caoutehouc, and {ts production In the West
Indies has been sufficient to indicate the entire
practicability of ite being made an important
industry in Cuba and Porto Rico, as wella Inthe
Hawailan, Philippine and Samoan Islands

 

 

The Organizers of Misery.

To tHe Epitor or Tar Sun-—Sir: It is
almost inconceivable that the labor leaders
have been instigated by Bryan's campaign
managers to sendabhundred thousand miners
and their families to certain starvation, yet the
ghoulish glee with which the strike is wel-
comed by the Populistic outfit makes it look
that way

Nothing more heartless and cruel can be im-
agined, and it isthe duty of all good citizens of
both parties to take care th) no benefit accrues
to the fomenters of ww attable strike,
whoever they may be Vs

NEW YORK, Sept. 16

Twelve Argaments for McKinley,

From the Philadelphian.
Twelve reasons occur to me why I shall vote

for McKinley

First Bryan is a demagogue

Second —William Agunaido Bryan wore a
Colonel's uniform in the war with Spain, and
heartily and publiily approved of the treaty
with S; ain Where is the distinguished ao phist

now?
Third—I will votefor McKinley because I have

nothing in common with the crazy-quilt-
Populist-patchwork platform of the Nebraska

“Lord Paramount.”

Fourth Hecause Mr. Rryan thinks, if elected,
it would be his soleinn duty, in view of bis plat-
form, to pay the interest and principal of our
bonded debt in silver coin even if gold were
detanded by the holders of the bonds

Fifth J am for MeKinley aud Roosevelt be-
conse the American laborer of to-day is receive
ing more wages than heever received before,
and he receives his wages in a currency that is
good a’! over the world

Six Because Aguinaldo Bryan has tied the
solid South to bim by bis heresy of sto 1, about
which he is saying vers little, bul thinking very
much!

Seventh Because it is true now, a5 in 1896, the

real j-sueiathe silver danger, Thatis the perti
threatening this country, bot the imaginary
evile attendant on the acquisition of new terri-
tory, whioh was the inevitable result of a war
for which the shriekers beainst. in perialism
were largely responsible The only perl now
threatening the United States is rnin and retro-
gression under silver, the turning back o the
wheels of proaress ind prosperity to the stand-
ards of China and Mexico, and the abandon-
ment of our position os the gTeatest country in
the etvilized world
E(gnen Because Willian J, Brvan is the mas-
ter of the solidSeu'h and has promis d to back
the Supreme Court againet ewilization, and
inake Altgeld Attorney-General of the United
States
Ninth Revause theelectionof Bryan arever-
sal of the popular verdict of 180) meansin the
plainest and in the tmont dangerous manner a
reversal of the great and gloriousachievements
that make up onr national prosperity
Tenth Because Teddy Roosevelt is on the
ticket for V.ce-President; because he is great-
hearted and true
Fleventh -Because 81,00 maiority in Vermont
says: “The country is still Republican,”
Twelfth Because we love McKinley; because
he lifted Cuba from the dust, and, faithful for
four vears, he deserves popular approval forfour
yeara more, and will receive if. —
“Trecall my last interview with Lincoln, It
was in April, 1868, and I had never seen him so
harvpy.
A had come, and, as he thought, had
come to stay. I went to Washineton to give
him a pair of beautiful cuff buttons. As I was
leaving he recalled me, took both my hands in
is, and said:

‘Do you know, young man [this was thirty-
five years ago) that I think if God gives me
four years more here I think this Government
will become what it ought to be, what its
Divine Author Intended it to be, no longera
vast plantation for the breeding of human
beings for the purpose of lust anc bondage,
but it will become anew Valley of Jehosophat,
wherein all the nations of the world will as-
semble together, und-rone flag, and worship-
ping the common God, we will seek to celebrate
the resurrection of human freedom ve
Roys, by the memory of I{ineoln meet
bravely the creat issueaof the hour. As Wel-
Hington (not of Marviand) said at Waterloo,’ Up,
guards, and at'em,.”

 

JAMES MATLOCK SCOVEL

The Brooklyn Armortes as Schoolhouses,

To THE Enrron oF THe SUN-— Sir, The armories
of this great city, of which there are a number, should
be opened up as schools during the day for the chil
dren There should not be a single child out of
school for the want of school space, which ts due to
the failure of the Tammany Hal! administration to
provide sufficient achoolhouses during the past two
yeara The armories are seldom used, and yet cost
considerable sums of money for furnishings and
water and gas, and should, without delay, be con
verted into schools for the great army of children who
are now kept out on the streets.

Every parent whose child is kept out of school

should do two things: First, write a vigorous
protest to the Hoard of Education, and second,
go to the oMfce of the board each time they

have amerting, andthere make an active personal
demand that provision be made at once for the eauca
tion of bis children. The children, the eftizens of the
future, have Just as much right asthe Polceor Fire
Department to be provided for, When a child ts
ready to siart to school, siy at theage of 4 years
and is competled to lose two years of that valuable
time, it is very seriously handicapped for life’ This
is especially so when we take Into account the fact
that the large umber of children get only six to
eight years of school itfe

f the military authorities cannot be prevalled upon
to give up the armories, every Sunday school room
of the different denominations should, without delay
be offered to the Board of Education for sehool.
housea’ When the religious denominations take into
consideration the fact that they, by virtue of exemp
tion from tazation, receive 82.000 a day from the
community comprising the borough of Brooklyn
there should be no hesitation on thelr part in riving

the use of their Sunday sehool halls as seliool
houses for temporary tse
But with the laree and commodious armories

standing idle there should be no necessity fora sing.e
child of school age to be deprived of his fust rights
for a single week longer FVEN So
BROOKLYN, Sept 15 D

 

Fasy to Tell,

From the Glasome Times
Henderson (who had Just bought a new pipe)
you tell me, professor, if this amber ts genuine?
Professor—Oh, that's earily determined. Soak tin
alcohol for twenty-four hours If i's genuine it will
then disappeared

Can

A decade ago the annual irm- |

acclaimed cc ecmsapmenomei
sities eae aA ahaa paced ieailin namie aiaei

 

 

 

 

GEORG BRANDES ON NIBTZSCHE.

The Danish Critic's
Philesopher—The Doctrine of Self- Assertion,
From the Copenhagen Politiken
Though Friedrich Nietzsche in the
years anda half of his silent insanity had out-
lived himself, there is no need o! freshening up
his works or his faine. It was during thos»
very years which he spent In intellectual dark-
ness that his name attained a fame, exceeded
by the reputation of none of his « ontemporaries,
while his works are translated into all the im-
portant languages and are known every where.
To tho«é who watched Nietzsche at the time
when he was making bis painful and bitter
struggle against the complete indifferenoe of
the reading world this rapidattainment of abso-
lute world fame was something extremely sur-
prisiug. No contemporary has had @ like ex-
In the course of five or six years
of thought, sometimes hardly
misunderstood, some-

eleven

perience
Nietzsche's tur
understood, someumes
times involuntarily exaggerated, became the
ruling turoof thought in @ great part of the
literature of France, England, Italy, Sweden
and Russia. It adds to the tragic elemen: in
Nietzsche's life that he who thir-ted for noto-
riety like a sick nan should have obtained it in
a pertectly fairy-like measure when, though
still alive, be was cut off trom iife, Yet in the
ten years, from isvu to 1y0u, certainly boone
occupied more of the attention of his fellow men
or impressed them more than this North Ger-
man preacher's son, who insisted on being re-
warded as a Polis nobleman, and who prided
himeelf in thinking his works in French though
be wrote them in German. ‘The sinall weaknesses
of his person were forgotten in the greatness of
the style in which he expressed his life and his

productions

fo be able to account for the sudden and
overmastering triumph of Nietzsche we ought
to possess the key to the spiritual life of our
times. He fascinated his age, although he con-
tradicted all its instincts. ‘The age is extremely
democratic; he wonits favor as an Aristocrat
the uwe floats on the sweiling wave OF reaction
he conquered as a declared tireligious tian
Lhe awe is busied with seelal Questions of the
most dificult and Comp, eveusive sort; he, tue
thinker of this age, treated all these Questions
as subordinate. tle was an enemy of the present
hutmanitarianiem and its dogma of happiness
he was filled with a passion to show how much
that is low and despicable cun be concealed
under the cloak of charity, of love for our heigh-
bors and of Unselfistiness; he fought pessime-
ist and jeered at optimisin; he attacked the
morality of the plilosopbers with the saimie Vvie~
lence that the thinkers of the eighteenth century
applied to the dowmus of religion As relidion
made bim an atheist so moratity turned bin
into an “iumnmoralist." Neverthe ess, tie
Voltairians of his age could uot count him In
their number, for he was a mystic, and the
Anarchists of his age were obliged to cast him
out a8 a Worshipper of rulers and o! castes,

Yet in some secret Way be must have agreed
with much of the tumult of our times, else he
could not haveembraced itso. A writer who
has known or has had relations with Nietasche
becomes at once jnore ce ebratied on that ac-
count than because of all his own works. As@
young man Nielz-che admired above all tn
Schopenhauer and Richard Wagner “the ih-
superable energy with Which they maintained
their confidence in themseives in the face of the
hostile atiitude of the whole educated world.”
He made that self-confidence bis own and by
that means first mad? an impressior

Moreover, the artist in him won over those to
whom the thinker's expressions were dark,
With all his keenness he was an out-and-out
lyric poet. Inthe fall of 1888 he wrote about
Heine “How he did handle the German lan-
guage! Some day men will say that Meine and
I were beyond comparison the best artists of
the German tongue.’ ‘To day all German con-
noisseurs are agreed in cailing Nietzsche the
grentes! master of sty le in German prose

Further, he impressed the age through his
philosophic dept. and conceainent. In his
spiritual life there are abys-es and labyrinths
His yearning ior recognition i56 @ pucsion, a
greed he calls it ‘In this soul there ix no un-
selfishness, on the contrary, an all-desiring self,
which with the aid of many human beings,
would like to see as through their eyes and
grasp as by their hands; this soul of mine would
moreover, racher pull back everything that
passes by, and miss nothing that in any way
could belong toit, There is a wild fire in this
«reed of mine!

It was a maddening combination that the
Ivrical and the critical powers were equally de-
veloped in him. Butit brought about that com-
plete change in his relations to persons that
prevented his career from being straightfor-
ward. When he met a wreat personality he
ealled upon all his lyrical resources and an-
nounced with the clashing of swords on shields
that that person Was a demigod or a god,
Schopenhauer and Ki hard Wag: er, for instance
But when later he discovered the ifinftations of
lie divinity, usenthusiasm turned to hatred and
this hatred found expression without the slight-
est regard to his former udoration. This char-
actoristic trait is shown in a repulsive manner
in Nietysche’s behavior toward Richard Wag-
ner. Yet who knows bat what this inconsist-
eney has helped toobtain admirers for Nietzsche
in an age that is self very inconsistent on
this point

In the

 
  

 

 

last period of his life Nietzeche an-
wared arrophet rather thanns a thinker
je foretells the Uebermenech, the ‘“‘Super-
human.” And he does not try to prove in a log-
ical way, but proe eds from confidence in the
correctness and sureness of his instinot, is eon-
vineed that be bimnself represents a principle
productive of life and his opponent one destriuc-
tive of tite

The production of the Genius is, according to
him, the object of ealstence. The higher being
constitutes in our time the receptacle within
which tee race of the future is forming in some
unfathomable way. More than one of these re-
ceptacies cracks or bursts, but the human race
does not come to grief because a single creature
is destroyed. Mun, as we know him. is a transi-
tion from the beast tothe superhuman. Asthe
ape compared with man is something ridiculous
or an object of painful shame, so le man in com-
parison with the Superhuman, Hitherto all
species have produced something higher than
themselves. Nietzsche teaches that man, too,
will and must do the same. He has drawn from
the Darwinian theory an inference which Dar-
win himself did not see.

During the last ten veara of the nineteenth
century Nietzsche has been the opposing pole
to Tolstolt. His morality {is aristocratic, while
Tolstoi's morality ispopular; it is individualis-
tic, while Tolstoi's ts evan elical: it demands the
self-exaltation of the Individual, while Tolstoi
holds for the necessity of individual self-sacrifice.
Wherever Nietzache's teachingsreach, wherever
men become acquainted with his great and
peculiar personality, it will attract strongly, as
well as repel, but everywhere it will contribute
to the development and formation of each tn-
dividuality,

 
 

Spray of the Storm Leaped 130 Feet High.
From the St. Louta Globe-Democrat

In the Bolivar lighthouse, which stands 130
feet high on Bolivar Point, across the bay froin
Galveston, about one hundred and twenty-five
people sought refuge from the storm, The
supply of fresh water Was 800n exhauated, and
an effort was made to secure water by catch
ing rein in buckets suspended at the top of the
lighthouse. The experiment was a successin a
way, The bucket was soon filled with water
but it was salty and couid not be used. Several
attempts finally resulted in a fresh-water
supply sufficient to quench the thirst of the
excited refugees, The salt water spray was
shot skyward over one hundred and thirty feet
and mingied with the rain water that fellin the
buckets.

 

The Methodist Central Ohlo Conference on
Expansion,
From the Cleveland Leader.

FosTortia, Ohio, Sept. 12.—The following report
was adopted with cheers by the 300 ministers of the
Methodist Central Onto Conference here yesterday.
Among the committees to report there ts an annual
one which reports upon ‘‘the stateof the nation."
This ts the report read by Chatrman W. U. Spencer

“The America of today Is not the America of yes-
terday. Yesterday ourtoheritance was confined be
tween the seas, today we greet the rising sun and
shake hands with the Orkntal world. The Infant re
public of yesterday has won her way tothe confidence
and respect of the gigantic powers of earth and takes
her placein the sang ard of reforms. American diplo
macy leads the allied Powers in the solution of the
mighty provlems which decide the destiny of na
tions”

Suttee Up to Date.
From ithe Allahabaé Pioneer

One Hazan iturim dled in the village of Jajrant, in
Banda, and his widow, Mussamat Bhagonta, made
up her mind to burn herself on his funeral pyre. A
considerable amount of preparation appears to have
been made Different people were called tn lo pre-
pare the lady for the ceremony, birds were painted on
her feet and bangles placed upon her, {n order that
she might become a suttee. The fact was pro-
claimed in the village by a drum being beaten, and
Practically the whole village assembied to see the
lady burn herself on the funeral pyre. Itappears
from the evidence that none of the people present did
venture to fire the pyre. and that the lady had to do it
herself When the flames began to shoot up ber
courage fatied her; she Jumped down from the pyre
and was taken away by her relatives ,

Born on April ET aod Lived 100 Years.

Fromthe Springfeld Republican.
Lorin Pease died Wednesday at his bome in Hock-
anim, Hadley, at the age of 100 years. Mr. Pease
observed his 100th birthday om April 1.

   
  

 

 

Estimate of the Mad Reports From a Namber of Cities Show the

 

LESSENING OF PAUPERISM.

 

    

Effects of Good Times.
Leaders of organized charity work in different
United States have lately
teetimeny

heer
about

cities of the
furnishing
two important points connected with the pros
ent prosperity

They have shown, first, that, in proportion
to increase in population during the last four
years, the number of destitute cases has greatly
decreased. Secondly, that there has been a
very great tnorease ip contributions toward
charitable work

Milwaukee's Associated Charities report that
ffi the past four years pauperism and destitu
tion have nearly vanished. San Francisco's
Associated Charities report a decrease of cases
for investigation from 3,380 In 1806 to 2,161 In
1898 “The improved condition through the tn-
crease of employment has lessened our relief

some interesting

work,” says the Louisville Charity Organiza
tion Soctety There bas been a decided de
crease Of pauperism within two years,” says the
Denver Charity Oreantzation Soctety Phe
similar society in) Buffalo reports: “Amount of
pauperism inour city less than four veare age

Save CR. Henderson, head of the department
of sociology, University of Chicage

On the general question of decrease of de
mand on relief funds 1 think there can be no

doubt. My study of State reports of outdoor
rellef lead me to conclude that the improvement
fn business is distinctly reflected in the low
rate of public ald. - think Mr. MeKinley

election is important to all classes, owing to
the economic iseue at stake.”

Stanchfleld’s Curves.

To THe Eprtor or THe Scn—Sir; Yon hava
performed a valuable public service in gtving
to your readers extracta from the speeoh mada
by Mr. Stane!ifield in reaponse to a toast at the
dinner of our Amherst College Alumn! As-
sociation at Delmonico's on the evening of Feb
17, 1800. Asan alumnus of Amherst | was pres
ent at the dinner and heard Mr. Stanchfield
argue al length in favor of the retention of tie
Philippine Islands, Infact he said, as you eor
rectly quote im, “lam just enoughof a lie
‘say, to advocate in the strong
uphold the Administratior
its efforts are tied tou
© 8 Wa

publican, let m
that we
untilall the fruits of
withabondor the strongest iron, *
entered upon the Spanish war with the beat ¢
purposes and motives, and who can rightly for
bid our taking the fruits?”

llow can Mr. Stanchfleld insist upon “keeptog
all the fruits of the Spanish war," and at the
eame time stand on a platform which deciares
‘that the burning issue of ‘impertalism,’ grow
ing outof the Spanish war, ivoives the very
existence of the Republic and the destruct:

es) terinis

    

 

of our free institutions?”” How can he “uphold
the Admin'stration’ {n its foreign poliev, ana
al the same tlie subseribe to sentimenta [ih
the following, adopted at the recent Democra
State Convention, “We are opyy tha
foreian polioy of the present Natior 4 inise

tration commonly known as ‘inperalisr
which contemplates scheme-~ of conquest, and
the establishment of colonial government” &:
He mus! either retract his speech at Delmor
co's or swallow sentiments which are tie « :
antitheses of what he really believes and thin!
It is an interesting problem the effert to rec
oncile the platform and the eandidare will be
almost as absurd and ridiculous as the adoption
of the resolution denouncing the “lee Trust,’
which was voted for by the very men who
created thattrust, and are now eojoying the
i otten gains therefrom.
os Personally I think well of Stanehfleld or
Stanch,” as we used to call him when he was a
classmute of mine in college. He waa the cham
ion pitcher of our baseball nine in the old «l-
ege days and helped us win some notable vie-
tories on the athletic fleld. In pitehing he was
particularly successful with his “‘in-shoots’ and
out-shoots"'’ and greatly puzzled batamen o
Visiting teame who were unable to “get on ¢
his curves,” But this thoelopine that ‘Stanch
will not prove such a diMeult proposition. The
voters of the State now understand, in the Hehe
of vour exposure, that the Democratic platfor
and candidate are so far apart that they cannot
get together before election
“‘Stanch” may still bea pitcher of renown, but
his curves and twists will not bother our char
pion batter, ‘Benny" Odell, wio, being in full
accord with the principles of his party, wil!
quickly solve his opponent's political ‘deliv
ery’ and knock out a homerun which vill land
him safe in the Executive chalr at Albany
GILBERT RAY HAWES.

 

 

 

 

 

New York, Sept. 16

POLITICAL NOTES,

The Governor-elect of Arkansasis Jefferson Davis,
The Secretary of State, elected on Sept. 8, is named
Crockett and the State Auditor fs named Monroe

Women will vote for President tn Idaho for the
first time this year. Between 1494 and 1808, through
the extension of the suffrage, the vote in Idaho in
creased 60 per cent,

 

Some Republicans fn the lower part of the Thirty
fourth Assembly district, south of the Harlem River
have formed themselves into an organization known
as the Independent Republican Club.

Four States have Popniist Governors at present
Minnesota, Nebraska, South Dakota and Washing
ton. In Washington, Minnesota and Nebraska Gov
Rogers. Gov. Lind and Gov. Poynter are candidates for
te#lection on fusion tickets, In South Dakotas Gov
Lee is a candidate for Congress. There isa Silver
Republican Governorin Nevada. The other Govern
ors are either Democrats or Republicana

Alexander Reid |e the slated Republican candidate
for the Assembiy in the Fifth district and James F
Duross the slated Democratic candidat in the
Seventh

 

That New York, the foremost Amertcan city, con
tains some agricultural land is shown by the fact that
@ permit has been Granted to a water company tr
Riehmond borough to lay mains in Cherry lane, be
tween Palmer's Run Bridge and Wiliow Brook road
Cherry lane and Willow Brook road are New York
city streets. The Federal Census returns give Rich
mond borough a population of 67,021. New York
city in 1400 had 60,449 population.

Suits for $52,500 eollectively have been brought by
three persons against the city of New York. One al
leges that while walking along Whipple atrect.
Brooklyn, he fell down, receiving personal Injuries
for which he asks $20,000, Another was walking
along Cahumbta street, Brooklyn, where she feil or
the sidewalk in consequence of the accumulation of
foe and snow. Forthis $7,500 damages are asked
The third wasrun over by an ash cartin the employ
of the Street Cleaning Department. In this ease
$25,000 is asked.

Two new leaders elected in Tammany Hall at the
primaries of Aug. 24 Patrick H. Keahon and
Frank J. Goodwin, were both former members of the
County Democracy at the time when it was most
active in opposition to Tammany all

No Constitutional amendments are to be ented on
this year. The Constitutional Convention was brid
in 1804, and It was generally expected that tf the
voters in the election of that year ratiNed the revised
Constitution, subseqnent alterations fn it would be
very few. Asa matter of fact, Constitutional amend
ments have been voted on nearly every year since

This year's appropriation for the City Court, for
the salaries of Justioes, and the pay of clerks, deprt
clerks, attendants, stenographers and all employers
is $117,100. The City Court disposes in a year of
several thousand cases involving many million do!
lars in dispute, and the pressure of business in it {8
sich that the last Legislature provided for an addi
tonal Justice, to Increase the number of trial hear
ings. The appropriation for the Commisonera of
Accounts, who render po services of visible utility, ts
$154,000 this year, or $34,000 more than ts required
for the maintenance of the City Court, second only tn
civil Jurisdiction to the Supreme Court.

The chairman of the Democratic State Committee
of Delaware, speaking at Dover, on Jones's Creek, de
clares that he considers Theodore Roosevelt @
dangerous man

The Democrats of the West Superior district of Wis
consin, which ts strongly Republican, have, regard
less of all thelr protestations as to wealth and |
tolling masses, nominated a banker for Congress
The present Congressman from this district isa native
of England

 

An apothecary has been engaged for the workhouse
on Blackwell's Island on a sliding scale of salary
For August at the rateof $1,000 per annum, there
after at the rate of 8690 per annum,

suffrage in Arkansas are suc

 

The conditions of

that the opportuniths for fraud are ma Oneyrars
residence inthe Siate and thirty days In the tow:
ship is required, and there ts 4 poll tax. non pryme

of which disqualifies an elector for part
the voting. There ts but one etty, I
moderate size in Arkansas, and the great majority
the votes are cast in small constituencies in wht
control of the election machinery by the domina’!
party gives ita decided advantage, The tota! oem
ber of polling places in Arkansas is 1,224 Mast
chusetis bas ieas than 1 000.

 

 

 

 

 

 

Sats

tion
publi
mark
the fb
opera
bility,
the ©
anxi
oonfid
fta 8
On
recel
and
alle
@onnt
years
are, fi
mere
pape
and
from
000,00
the f
abou
cert!
000 In
plies
of 34
00 ha
mained
of ou
man\
Mr.
clden
of cut
great
of o
and
effeot
repo
show
fn ow
$4, 890,
being
they
bank
rep
New
day
908,
whole
the «
fore,
been
as
makt
Af
$2,000
const
more
cons)
silver
as we
tions
are o

publid
dema
deem
with
them
and 4
be wi
pur
and t
valu
lar w
Th
fs no
000,
ernm:
a ba
about
1806,
of go
ar we
tlee
prop
the
to ati
maki
per,
more
the «
but t
sbrin
of pu
gold
of M
$40,000
loans
over
bank
max!
all th
lar de
Th
oontr
@ iia’
aster.
in atti
of th

feque
whic
the «

expan
whic!
ond
syste

beca
ated o
impen
as the
It
the o
tome
are
tra
amou
cou
notes
given
venoy
of
fu
let

pal
he

and
lke

naEF

>

Pa

F423 5F
Ss