=

VOL. LXXIX.—NO. -

TURKISH DASH ON TRIPOLI

4rABS RISE INTHE CITY WHILE
BATTLE IS ON OUTSIDE.

       

Mired Foroe of Mosiems Makes Deter.
mined Attack on the Malian Trenches
Warships’ Fire Heipsto Repel Them
Rumors of a Disaster at KBengasi.

1 Cable Despatches to THE SUN
7 ut, Oct, 22.— A force of Turks and
4 ruade a determined attack on the
nes of entrenchment to-day and
veral hours there was continuous
ships in the harbor threw shells
at toe attacking force, which was finally

od If there were any casualties

imber is not Known. It is not be-
heved that many on either side were
eitoer willed or wounded.
4. the result of an Arab outbreak
wit) n the city this afternoon there was

» wild firing, in the course of which
’ three Arabs were killed. Following the
sf ng 200 Turks and Arahs were ar-
rested
Capts. Moizzoand Plozzo,in Blériot and
, Mecpert monoplanes respectively, per-
formed vesterday the first reconnoitring
work of the airmen since their arrival here,

[her flew beyond the Italian outposts |

at the Bu-Meliana Springs without being
discovered by the Turkish troops
Marra, Oct. 23.--Insistent and mys-
terious rumors are in circulation here to
the effect that the Italians have met with
a grave disaster at Bengazi. One rumor
sava that in the fighting there they lost
M },20%men,but this cannot be verified here.
Rome, Oct. 23.—It is reported that there
« strong diplomatic opposition here to
» threatened action of Italy to place
no limit on the extent of her action against

Turkey.
Word comes from Tripoli that there
have been some insignificant outpost

skirmishes there and that orders have
heen issued by the military commanders
disarm the Arabs in the suburbs of
the town, as they are suspected of sym-
pathizing with the Turks. The landing
{ troops continues.
There is no official confirmation of the
report that there has been a massacre of
ristians at Bengazi.
saavt. Oct. 23.—Five of the Italians
woiudedin last week's fighting have died.
{mong those killed was Lieut.-Col. Gangi-

 

NaPLes, Oct. 23.—The Marchesa Guicci-

lady in waithg to Dowager Queen

ingherita, and the Countess Queiroli,

the head of twenty-four women of

e birth, have gone to Tripoli with the
css nurses.

 

{WAZED AT WIFE'S ARREST.

Hiasband Says He Has an Account tn Store
That Charges Shoplifting,

Mrs. Margaret Muzzy, 30 years add, of

* West LOsth street, was arrested yester-

ay by Detectives Bauernsschmidt and

iv of the Tenderloin police station for |

 

ng $7.25 wo
jewelry «
artment
icille Maver
Mrs. Muzzy became hysterica
tration house and asked Lieut. Mulligan
callup her hisband. Mr. Muzzy came
town and said that there must he
stake he had an account in
re. He said that his wife has
is and has had several operations
iid that they had no right to arrest
s wife

In the women’s night court Mrs. Muzzy
= held in $309 bail for Special Sessions

of small jewelry from
of a Sixth avenue de-

store Ihe on

nier

 

piainant Was

a store detective

at the

some

as the

 

FIENING CLOTHES SPLIT TOWN,
Banquet Dominated by
(rowd Despite ‘Dress sulters,”’
ArennEEN, S. D., Oct. 23. -President
' went tothe hometown of Senator Coe
! word to-day to deliveran address in
lefence of his teriff bill vetoes. Senator
rewford is the bulwark of South Dakota

reency

Taft

  

He sat on the platform with
fatt while the President told why he
ed the tari? bills and why he would

ie te veto such bills so long as he

s@. President
j nsurgent Senator slipped lower
t chair as he heard the President

had heen advised that to call

sonoof Congress last spring
toopen a Pandora’s box Phen
r heard his townsmen applaud
» President said, “Phat is why I
se bills and that is why I will
rvetosuch hills.”

President told them what tariff
neral were like, how impossible
ft comprehension even to quasi
'» and bow dangerous it wae to

. iorer with 60 important @ question,
resident attended a banquet here
viven by the Aberdeen Commer-
i There are two factions in this
' reactionaries and the progress-
* distinction is that the reac-
old customs and the
eressives persist in wearing evening
' banquets. The progressives
rtrol of the banquet and isaned
rs 4° $10 a plate, with the stipulation
bon each ticket that “dress suits”
rn. One of the reactionaries

   

aAtick to

re-of this world's goods than |

yuse bought up a great}
sand cirenlated them among
The “dress suit” progress-.
iboutit and compromised
dres4 suit restriction,
‘ns divided
i-dress suiters. The
hes at fifteen towns
s speeches were about
entof farming methods.

1 i

 
 

HERE TO RAISE $230,000

For the @1.000,000 Brown University

Padowment Fund,
Faunee of Brown University
rof Bost

ize the lec

on came to town

1) com
niversity. bkndow-
mi hopes to
eiuy toward the

dowinent The fund

oud Foo f Pensioning of pro

1 nienanee of the Joln

halt « rial
vhf

' teinidery Vice-pre
‘Trost
of the lo Lo ccopeepenn tte, cn
. € De J.B, F. Herreshoff, WoC,
, Ih Meacham, Clarence Guild,
Bo fiana, William Ro Dorman
hent WOW. Hoppin, James M.
roel HH. Ordway, tra Barrows
heen

fent of

rane ia Company,

Dewer es + brut Cuvee’ or “Spectal See.’
Wine for se who know ( hampagne.
Li & +S CO., 198 Fulton $t,, N.Y.

yu.
mAde,

 

 

 

' poor WIDOW FINDS $800,000.

Mexican Bonds Lert by Her Husband 32
| Years Ago Thought to Be Worthless.

SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 28. Securities

which lay neglected for thirty-two years |

inan old trunk in the home of Mrs. Therese
'L, Janson in Mill Valley, a suburb of this
city, have been found to be worth ssue.o08
The papers are Mexican bonds
in the Probate Court Mrs

Janson peti-

tioned to reopen the estate of her hus. |

j band, Charles J. Janson, to whorm the
| Wealth belonged, in order (hat steps may
jhe taken to collect the anoney and dis-

SS

+ NEW

To-day!

y YORK,

'

DOUBTS IF WALSH 1S DEAD’ DEAN BAILEY MAY REMAIN.
a Likely to Withdraw His Resignation as

Head of State Agricultural College.
ItHaca, Oct. 28. The agitation of the
(2,000 or more alumni of the New York
State College of Agriculture of Cornell
Fatled Here Before It Was Shipped Out’ University, backed by other Corne!l men
of Town— Had a Tip That Somebody and influential citizens, to procure the

s ’ withdrawal of the resignation of Direc-
Else Who Died Would Be Passed On tor Liberty Hyde Bailey of the college

as the Boston Fugitive From Justice. | has borne fruit in the unanimous request

, “ lof the univereiiy board of trustees asking
Whent ry Yepart- | oF .
ren the New York office of the Depart Dean Hailey to reconsider his resigna-

ment of Justice heard yesterday that ‘tion and if he refuses to do so in the

 

DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE MEANS
TO SEE THE pony.

 

tribute it according to law between the Martin J. Valsh had diedof acute indiges- | appointment of a committee of the board

j aged widow and her tive daughters

} Charles J. Janson died in this city on

| February 2, 1870, leaving what his widow
and daughters thought was a small es-

jtate, all of whieh he disposed of by will,

| Mrs

fand in due time distributed what) she
PSupposed was the entire estate
| At that time she discovered among

her hushand'’s papers Mexican bonds,
Liat was told that they were worthless
tw

i She cast them aside and gave no thou

 

1 “lof the brace faro game

it) to the National City Bank of Cambridge,

which is to endeavor to provide some way
in which Dean Bailey can remain in charge
of the State college.

This committee consista of Dr. Andrew

tion on Sunday night in the Sonoma apart-
ment house at Fifty-fifth atreet and Broad-

way Agent Jentzer was sent up to the,

}Sonoma with instructions to look at the LD. White, Henry W. Sackett of New York,
Janson was named #8 executri¢ | hody ind see if it was that of the Martin

jJudge Frank S. Hiscock of Syracuse,

J. Walsh whom the Government has been | John C. Carlisle of Watertown and Her- |

hunting fortwo years as “Jack the Dealer” | bert I). Mason of New York

Although Dean Bailey has said all
along that the reason he resigned was be-
j cause he desired to live his own life there

in which young |
George W. Coleman lost $309,000 belonging

 

'HAZED WHILE GIRLS LOOK ON

'CPPER CLASS MAN AT ANNAP-

| OLIS HUMILIATES PLEBES.

Compels Youngsters to Do ‘No, 16" and
Stand on Their Heads for the Edifica-
tion of Two Young Women Who Were
His Guests at Hop —May Be Expelled.

ANNAPOLIS, Md., Jet. 23.—Something
entirely new in the way of hazing at the
Naval Academy took place yesterday
‘after chapel, when a member of the sec-
,ond class required plebes to do stunts
for the amusement of two young women
| Who had been guests at the hop the eve-
ning before.

The matter came to the ears of members
of the hazer's class and they were indig-

 
   

THINGS.

London Landiady Gets Damages for Pugt-
Mist's Abuse to Flat She Rented Him.
Special Cable Despatch to THER SUN.

LONDON, Oct, 23.- John Arthur John-
son, the colored heavyweight champion
pugilist, was sued to-day by a woman
who rented him a flat in Paddington
She testified that the pugilist because of
his unusual strength emushed a
quantity of dishes and furniture

The plaintiff also said that he made the
flat grimy es to be untenantable
Johnson did not appear in court and was
ordered to pay $37 damages

JOHNSON SMASHES

 

BO

WRIGHT TUMBLES IN) GLIDER.

New Flying Device Turns Completely
Over in a Gate,

NORFOLK, Oct, 23. Orville Wright, the
aviator, turned completely over with his
new glider at the Kill Devil Hill camp at
Kitiyhawk, N.C), to-day, dropped fifteen

large |

nant at the violation of their *eode” andy feet and clambered out of the overturned

~ ToRspaY, OCTOBER 2%, 1911,
day and to-morrow; moderate
westerly winds.

 

 

PRICE TWO

(CHURCHILL HEADS THE NAVY

EXTRAORDINARY CHANGES IN
THE ASQUITH CABINET.

 

'
BKrilliant foung Radical Leader Gives Up

Home Office for Lower Post and Sal-
ary May He to Cut Admiralty Exe
penses— May Foresec a Great Future.

 

Spectal Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

LONDON, Oct. 23.—A rearrangement of
the Cabinet was announced to-day. The
most notable change is the transfer of
Winston Churchill from the Home Office
to be First Lord of the Admiralty in place
of Reginald McKenna, who goes to the
Home Office.

Walter Runciman is transferred from
ithe Board of Education to the Depart-
jment of Agriculture, aking the place of

| will force their classmate to resign if
they can positively identify him.

becomes Lord of
the the Privy Seal, while Joseph Albert Pease,

i er . whey
[biplane without a serateh. Karl Carrington, wh

Wright was experimenting with

‘has been a well grounded report that if

7 ’ rebuilt motorless fller which he and his
The plebes did not know their visitor,

jto the documents, merely keeping Chem | Mass | conditions here were more to his taste he
SIRI Rtn i theee ou Wasin poet) the Government had been told six } would remain. It is believed now that the
pelreumetances all these vears A week | , Tair will } ;

| | ‘ , } » | Whole affair will be straightened ont.
ago Mrs. Janson mentioned the papers months ago of a plot to have somebody | See Ma

jto a lawyer friend, who investigated them
jand found that they had a cash
of more than $800,000,

value
In addition there
}is a large amount of accrued interest due,

MGR. CAPEL DEAD, AGED 75.

 

|
|
|

else's death reported as that of the man | WON'T LET DOWN TARIFF BARS
who disappeared two days before bis | : ;

indictment on a charge of helping tol or Let In American Beef German Chan.
wreck the Cambridge bank. cellor Stands Pat on High Living Cost.
ae oHre Bate vee cme vo erase Le yece | Banian, Oct. 29.10 the Auiohutag to-

day Chancellor von Bethmann-Holiweg,

There was |
Federal agents suspect that Walsh might

propose to have the body sent away for | spoke for two hours on the question of

{Priest Famed for Winning Popularity i hot he dead, but the Government did not | peplying to a number of interpellations,
| Among the Rich and tle. |

!

| SackaMeNnro, Cal, Oct, 23. -Mar. T. J. | burial without making sure.

{Capel was found dead in bed this morn-
jing at the residence of Bishop Grace,
where he had made his home for the pust
decade

| infirmities of age

Mer. Thomas John Capel was the
;Catesby of Disraeli's  satirization in
i*Lothair® because of his success as a
{social lion in the English society of

| day.

his

|

Apparently he succumbed to an | Snell, in
attack of heart failure, brought on by the | died, that an agent of the Department of

 

jthe high cost of living. He scouted the
So Jentzer went to the Sonoma yester- | Suggestion of abrogating the present pro-
jtective tariff. He expressed the opinion
|that even a temporary suspension world
, bea dangerous experiment

Referring to the proposed admission of
Justice wished to see the body. The 4mericun meat asa relief from the pres-
elevator hoy brought back word that Mr. 'ent prices, the Chancellor pointed out
Snell not at home. Jentzer went \that live sheep and hogs were now al
away and returned in half an hour. Still) jowed to enter the country but added
Snell was out. The Government's man |that the Government must refuse to
meditated a while before calling once] change the regulations laid down in the

day morning and sent word to Louis H.
Walsh had

Whose apartment

was

assured that

but knew that he was a second class man |
by his service stripes

The plebes were required to do “No. 16," |
to stand on their heads and do the other
physical exercises which were common
some Years ago but which were thought
to be things of the past. They are exhaust-
ing if long continued. In “No. 16" the vie
tim stands on the toes and lowers and

raises the body by spreading the “nees
and bringing them together. When he is |
compelled to stand on his head he places
his head and bands on the floor and
straightens and lowers his legs repeatedly
The young women enjoyed all of this
immensely and the upper class man who
could compel such obedience was hugely
adinired. All the time the plebes were |
| boiling over, but were compelled by the
awe they felt for their senior to obey
At the conclusion of the exhibition one

brother call the glider, He put the mn-
tridd machine into the teeth of a ripping
northeast wind.
feet the craft began to turn over back
ward

Wright quickly climbed into the struc-

{ture of the glider and as it continued to |
| somersault
‘not been for his presence of mind Wright
would surely have been badlv hurt

he turned forward. Had it

$300 THERT LAID TO BELLBOY.

Hotel Malestic’s Runaway ldentifed by
Hils Comrades in Boston,

James Blanchard, a bellboy employed

in the Hotel Majestic, on West Seventy-

second street, was arrested in Boston
yesterday charged with the larceny of
$500 from the Majestic. The boy and

the money disappeared five days ago
He was traced to Boston and arrested

jafter three other boys from the Majestic

who had known Blanchard went to that

When he was up thirty |

more for Snell and being
nobody in the Snell apartment answered
the bell

Jentzer had luncheon
his inquiries were 1enewed. He was told
that Snell hadn't been seen about the
apartment house all aay. Jentzer had
known Walsh and had a photograph of
him in his pocket, but he had never seen
Snell

At regular intervals all the afternoon
Jentzer told the elevator boy that he'd
like to see Snell and just as regularly he
was informed that Snell was not visible.

Mgr. Capel, preceded by his renown asa
|eaptivator of society and a
unusual success in winning popularity
among the wealthy and idle fashionables
jin the Old World had gained him rapid
advancement in the Catholic Church,

man whose

In the afternoon

 

a series of lectures and sermons. He met
with like success here and was entertained
almost continuously by people of
tinction. He had a distinguished presence
and a charm and suavity of manner that
delighted. He had started a great school
in Kensington, England, ten years before,

dis-

inspection laws

Continuing, the Chancellor denied that
there was any abnormal rise in the prices
of the necessaries of life and hinted that
the matter had been ‘exaggerated he
cause of the approaching elections. He
also called attention to the fact that
steps had been taken by various munici-
palities to deal with the matter of prices
of food,

The Chancellor argued that if the tariffs
advanced the cost of living they also ad-
vanced the general prosperity of the
country. The present dearness of the

of them sought a member of the second | city with a group picture of the hoys in
class and told him of the experience, | which Blanchard appeared. He admitted
The upper class man was indignant, and, his identity after seeing the picture, and
so were his classmates when they were | was held in $1,900 bail asa figitive.
told of the affair. Hazing, they agreed | :
was @ private matter between the upper); TRIED TO KILL HIS FAMILY.
and lower class men and @ necessary part | —
of the instruction of the latter. To hu-| Camden Tatlor Shoots Wife and Son, but
miliate youngsters by having them per- Succeeds in Killing Himself Only,
form before spectators, particularly! CAMDEN, N J, Oct 23
female spectators,
and a violation of the class “code,” so they ' Eleventh street, committed suicide to-day
started to find the guilty man. after having shmt and wounded his wife,
The plebes could not pick him out, nor | Christina, and their seventeen-year-old
could they identify him when a class pho- | son Henry. Mrs. Thinnes was shot in the

Nicholas

was ungentlemanly | Thinnes, 54 years old, a tailor of 226 North

been |

Homespun |

between |

' which had been unsuccessful and for which
| he had over borrowed He
to raise funds for it here

He began to drink heavily and about
a vear and a half after his arrival here
Cardinal McCloskey took away his priestly
functions. Stories were told of his having

endeavored

_in thy |
| came to the United States in I8s3 to give |

| appeared ata famous dinner of police |

eaptains at Delmonico’s in an intoxicated
dinner. He had also been borrowing
| large sums of money from friends in New
! York which he failed to repay. Being ad
New York, he took up |}
| residence in San Franciseo,
Was reported to be fis
and supporting himself ty wrth
he could not t
Mer. Capel was an knglish
(of Irish extraction, born in 1835

by poor health to the

vised to leave
where it
he
gz when
row monev

man, partiv
Driven

south of France, he

 

 

ng im poverty |

lthe only persons who identified the dead

began preaching among the leisurely
} English sojourners there with a success
}which brought him a summons to Rome
| His success was 1 vated at Rome He!
jreceived many honors and rapidly ad

‘vanced In 1887 he was made m
jand private

}Inis72

mesignor
chamberlain to the P
thirteer
the priesthood
jprelate, an honor
ltitular and ecclesiastical rank of the eps

He had a fine presence, a ringing
and a winning
tinsuceessful school at
upon him,

\FATHER AND SON MURDERED.

vearsafter he hadente

he wak appointed domesty
accomnpanied with
jocopate
voice personality lhe
Kensington wore

| Two Men Enter Thetr Home for Food and
After ating Begin to shoot,

Newark, N. ¥., Oct. 28

Joseph Dezance, father and son, watchers

|
| Peter
|

jot bridges 40 and 41 of the Northern Cen

and

tral Railread, murdered late list

night at their home about two miles from

were

ithis village. Joseph was killed or
| but his father lived long
being rushed to the General i

tright
enough after
pital at
| Rochester toidentify Rosse Sergi, who was
arrested to-day, as one of the murderers
From the aceount given by Peter De
zance two men knocked at the door of
his house late last night and asked for
}tfood. He and his son fed the men, who
j after finishing their meal drew revolvers
and ordered the Dezances to throw up
their hands and tell them where they kept
\their money. On their reply that they
had none the robbers began to shoot.
| Joseph seized’an axe and before he was
| shot down struck one of the robhers over
| the head
| apprehension Peter Dezance managed
}to crawl to the railroad tracks in the
| rear of his hut and placed a red light on
land took the dead body and the fatherts
Newark
Saturday was pay day and it is assumed
j have money in the house. Peter Dezancr
ij had been saving up money to return to

' his home in Italy in the spring

i BEAVERS'S BOY, MAYBE,

| Geccnenumeeee
Telegram From Delaware County Abont
Child Abandoned Here,

! Mra. Mary Snyder, the janitress of the
lapartment house at 4387 Third avenue,
in whose hands a two-year-old boy was
left by a strange man last Saturday, re
ceived yesterday the following telegram
from Stamford, Delaware county. It
read

"Please give me description of child
found, Please give me color of hair
and eyes and if gentleman that left hoy
wore glasses.”

The telegram was signed James R
Reavers th the blue serge coat that the
little boy wore were the initials J.B, Mrs
Snyder sent the following telegram to
Mr. Beavers

"Child about 2 years old-— light colored
hair blue eyes gentleman wore glasses.”

The boy was left with Mrs, Snyder last
Saturday by a tall man who wore glasses,
He said he would return in a few days.
The child wore a gray Russian blouse suit
and a blue serge coat,

| Antediluvian Whiskey is recommended by
physicians for its tonic qualities, It 1s unequalled
| for convaleecents,—Ade,

 

the |

|

|

’ | Marshall
It was this cut that led to his | was heard from in Canada and Europe

|

the tracks. A northbound freight stopped! Upon Enemy's Head and Also Creates a

|

‘not spoken to Hill and the men were con- | circumvent the law.

!

; a suit Case in front.
condition and of an escapade after the |4 suit Case in front

jtograph Coleman reeognized, who was the

The siege was still on at 5 o'clock, when
the body of Walsh was lowered in the
Sonoma’s freight elevator on the Fifty-
fifth street side and sent to the Grand
Central Station to go to Peabody, Maas.,
in charge of Mrs. Walsh. A few minutes
later Snell and a woman who was said
to be Mrs. Snell descended by the same
hack way and drove off in a taxicab with
The agent of the
Department of Justice got to the corner

cost of living, he believed, was passing
away

 

JUDGE SUES HOTEL.

 

Mrs. Houghton's Jewels Were Stolen, He
Alleges, at the Majestic.

Supreme Court Justice James W
Houghton of Saratoga has sued the
Hotel Majestic to recover $1,500 for
jewelry belonging to his wife that was
in tim® to see the taxi disappearing down |stolen while Justice Houghton waa sit-
Broadway. Jentzer hurried over to the (ting in the Appellate Division of the
Grand Central Station just in time to miss | Supreme Court in this department last
Boston train year. He got an order yesterday from

A report of Jentver’s day's work was|Supreme Court Justice MeCall to ex-

warded to the Boston office of the De-tamine the officers of the Hotel Majestic
partment of
New York office last night that probably |
the body would not be buried until one |

the

Justice
stolen as follows
Pair diamond earrings. opal ring with

of the Boston staff who knew Walsh had|emerald and diamond, ring with three
seer it diamonds, turquoise ring with two dia-
So far as Coroner Holtzhauser knows, |monds, two half circle pins with five

diamonds each, half circle pin with five

nan as Martin J. Walsh were Snell and | pearls, emerald and diamond ring and a j
Mrs Walsh, and they said nothing to; rng containing six diamonds
him about t Mrs. Houghton also lost $20 in cash, the

money and jewelry being stolen from
beneath a pile of gloves in the bureau
drawer in her room. The plaintiff sues
onthe common law lability of an inn-
keeper cand bhecaise the hotel company
ld and heavily built. was negligent in having a lock on the
When Snell left the Sonoma yesterday | door that could be forced with a case
e told the superintendent of the building | knife orin permitting dishonest chamber-
“tohe would not be hack He seid he maids to have a pass key

to sail for Europe on Wednes- He asked to examine the

heen wanted in the Coleman case. The
who is a physielan, said he
found that the dead man had been suffer-
ing from dilated heart, acute indigestion |
ind rheui He was about 45 years

|
his being the Walsh who had |
|

Corener

 

vam

 

 

defendant
because of allegations in its anwer that
guests were notified by means of cards
publicly displayed that they should keep
valuables in the hotel safe.

Was going
div. and he e@ked the hallboys to see that
iis supply of milk and morning papers
was shut off

It was Big Bill Keliher, aecording to

FIRE PREVENTION STARTS.

Coleman, who introduced the $12 a week
ank clerk to the faro game in West Forty-
and it was Walsh, whore pho

first street

Commissioner Johnsen Bids Men of the

dealer New Bureau Resist Temptation.

Tank testified that he was! The new bureau of fire prevention was

brought York city fifty times to | formally organized at Fire Headquarters

“break the bank” before he waa eate when the men who were tem-
\

m the
Coleman
to New

game, known to him as

for the thefts that caused the porarily assigned to duty there on Satur-
City Bank of Cambridge to fail day assembled in the office of Fire Com-

Keliher, who has a sense of humor, said | Missioner Johnson and received instruc-
in jail that Coleman had taught him and | @!0"8
os he Coleman how to buck the tiger The nucleus of the force that is to con-

In Boston Walsh was regarded as the| sist of nearly 600 men was made up of
head of the faro gang. Although per-| Deputy Chief William Guerin, the head of
sonally known to many policemen, he had|the new bureau, Battalion Chief John
no trouble in escaping from Boston after | Howe, Assistant Foreman Corr and fifteen
Coleman confessed. He had-operated a first grade firemen,
fake wire tapping game in @ Boston busi-| The Commissioner told the men that
ness building under the name of John R | they had bean selected because of their
After he had disappeared he | records for good work in the department,
and he added

“T have selected you to organize what
is to be the most important branch of
public service in the city and I ask that
you let your work in the future be as good
as it has been in the past. You will meet
in the enforcement of the new law more
temptations to avoid enforcement than

National

 

 

SMITH HEAPS COALS

HOKE

Little Warmth for Himself,
ATLANTA, Ga., Oct, 28.—Gov. Hoke
Sinith causedga sensation in political cir-

OU) that the robbers knew the Dezances would cles to-day by appointing Hiram Warmer ;®?y public servants in this city ever en-

Hill to be a Justice of the State Supreme | countered before, The authority of the
Court to fill the vacancy caused by the | bureau over the safeguarding of life in
resignation of Justice Holden, factories and other buildings is great

For nearly six years Gov. Smith has| &9d some property owners will seek to
I expect every man
sidered bitter enemies. to be faithful to the city.”

Hill has long been a member of the} The Commissioner said subsequently
State Railroad Commission, and for two | that there was no, friction between him
years has been chairman. He opposed jand Chief Kenlon of the bureau of fire
Smith when the latter first ran for Goy-| @xtinguishment because of the new law,
Smith then de-| Which it was thought was to take the
Commiasion, of Power of transferring and assigning fire-

ernor, Bix
nounced

years ago.
the NKailroad

which Hill was @ member, as the willing | Men from Chief Kenlon and give It to the |

Commissioner, The new law does not

tool of the corporations, \
transfer this authority.

Replying Hill denounced Smith, saying |
the charge was “deliberately, maliciously |
and falsely made" and that Smith “knew
when he made it that it was false.” The
card contained such references to the
candidate for Governor as “unserupulous |
demagogue” and “may the Lord have

terms
The inspectors will be in uniform
and will be assigned to districts. They

and other buildings and report to the

It was said at the) Company, and he gave the list of jewelry |

tograph was brought, and they were still
unable to say positively who had been |
their guest.

right arm and Henry in the left cheek
Neither wound is serious.  Thinnes fired
a shot into his own temple and died while

now Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancan-
ter, is placed at the head of the Board of
The old place occupied by
to Charles Edward Henry
Several of the minor officials
fare shifted also

The chief these changes
centres in the transfer of Winston Church-
) ill from the Home Office to the Admiralty.
| His new post is ranked below the old one
land it carries a salary of only £4,500 a
(year as against £5,000 for the Home Seo-
| retaryship The announcement came in
the nature of a complete surprise and
every one here is speculating as to the
cause of the changes, so far as Churchill
is concerned,

To the “advanced” Liberals, however,
the change is a welcome one. McKenna
has not pleased them as First Lord of
the Admiralty because he has not brought
‘about a reduction of naval expenditures,
as it is believed Churchill may do, if his
recent speeches are to be taken seri-
ously.

The Tories too look to see Churchill
| bring about a lessening of the cost of the

navy, and some of them already profess
to see the great naval fleets of Great

Brtiain going to the demnition howwows.
The present action of Churchill is being
compared to that of Joseph Chamberlain,
who took the comparatively unimportant
) post of Secretary for the Colonies in 1895
when he might have had a much higher
post. In Mr. Chamberlain's case he
|saw with the eye of a prophet the great
changes that were coming and the great
{rdle that he was destined to play. The
| makers of this comparison sugges: that

Education.
Pease goes

Hobhouse

Interest in

The members of the class hoped to find ;on the way to the Cooper Hospital in an (Churchill expects the Admiralty ofSce in

the culprit and punish him in their own |
way before the authorities got wind of |
the matter, but they were unable to keep |
it secret, and though the officials are not.
acquainted with the details they know

that something is in the air and are trying

to get exact information upon the sub- ;
ject.

The superintendent is inclined to allow
the members of the class to proceed with \
their investigation and is pleased that they

| have condemned the action of one of their
|number. At his office it was said to-day
| that the superintendent intended to take
| Vigorous measures against all cases of
on no matter in what form

HOPES TO SAVE CITY $15,000,000.

Fosdick to Try Sctentine Business Meth. |
| ods in His Department.
| Commissioner of Accounts Raymond
RB. Fosdick in a speech at the Budget
| Exhibit yesterday noon told of his plans
{to institute in his office for the coming
year the principles of scientific business
management. He said
“If the city, wishes to avoid a $200,000.000
| budget in 1913 the only way to do it is to
Jeffect a saving in the salaries and wages
| account. If a 50 per cent. saving is capable
|
'

inthis bureau it would be equally possible
to effect a similar saving in other bureans
| doing the same class of work. I believe
| that if the principles of scientific manage-
| ment were applied to the city government
it would be possible in the coming year
| to save in the salaries and wages account
at least $15,000,000."

The Commissioner said that the only
future economy that conld be effected
must be applied to the $80,000,000 eax-
pended for salaries in the 1910 budget,
which was $174,000,000, the remainder
represented by interest and redemption
of bonds.

“Before any real economy can be ef-
fected,” he went on, “it must first he de- |
termined whether the results obtained
from the expenditure of this sum of
$80,000,000 are commensurate with the
amount paid. Jn other words whether
the city is obtaining in efficient service
an adequate return for its money.

“It ia right here that the application of
the principles of scientific management is
to be made. We must establish standards

ambulance

The shooting occurred at 6 o'clock this
morning. ‘Thinnes, the police say, had
been drinking heavily for some days and
on several occasions had threatened to
kill his wife and son. He went out early
this morning and when he returned hie
son Was sitting at the breakfast table and
his wife was busy inthe kitchen He drew
a revolver and opened fire on his son. Mra
Thinnes screamed and rushed toward the
door. Her husband trained the weapon
on her. Before Henry could wrest the
revolver from his father's hand the latter
had turned it upon himself

STOLE CORP'S COAT AND SHTELD,

 

That's What Harmse Got for Stopping a
Runaway in the Rain.

Policeman Frederick Harmse was stand-
ing on stationary post at Kightieth street
and Central Park West at
yesterday morning clothed in rubber
against the rain. Three blocks up the
street he saw #@ huckster's wagon see-
sawing its way toward him with no driver
on the seat

He threw off his rubber coat and his
hat, tackled the horse around the neck
and pinched its nostrils. It took four
blocks to wind the horse by this method
Harmse led the captive back to Fighty-
first street, where the owner, Carlo Sarlico,
Was panting along

Then Harmse went back to where he
had thrown his coat and hat on the pave-
ment. The hat he found, but his coat,

jon which his shield was pinned, was gone

So a general alarm has been sent out for

police shield No. 7777

TORPEDO BOAT CHASED HER.

Active Turk's Searchlight Plays on the
Martha Washington,

Passengers on the steamer

Washington, which arrived

 

Martha
yesterday

from Patras, Trieste and Palermo, had a |

brief glimpse of real war doings off Patras
on the night of October 9.

Everybody came on deck when one of
the officers passed the word around that
a Turkish torpedo boat was trailing the
Martha Washington, It was pitch black
and they could just make out the little
fighter scooting along after them, Of a
sudden the torpedo boat let her search-

5:30 o'clock |

Johnson and Kenlon are on the best of | City, the site of the historic Fort Lee,

: e Poli
will inspect factories, stores, dwellings , Palisades.

by which the city’s work may be judged light play on the stern of the steamer,
andtested. Supplied with these standards | flashed one disgusted eye along her decks
the Board of Estimate will be in a position | and then melted away.
to determine what moneys are to he! The passengers heard of the torpedo
appropriated for the different grades of | poat later, for the story was all along the
work.” Adriatic islands of her activity. The
Other speakers at the exhibit yesterday | officera were told at Patras that she was
were Robert W. de Forest and (Com- | cruising in and out overhauling any
missioner of Licenses Herman Robinson. likely looking passenger vessels.
President Finley of the College of the | Some of the Martha Washington's
City of New York, Commissioner Chad- passengers were Senator Leroy Percy
wick of the Board of Water Supply, Com- | of Mississippi and his wife, Lieut. Karl
missioner of Bridges O'Keeffe and Chief | Echler of the Austrian army, who comes
Engineer of the Bridge Department | here to be married; Charles Freeman and
Johnson will speak to-day, : | Austin J. Murray.

COPENHAGEN HOOTS COOK.

GIVE LAND FOR PARK. |

Paltsades Commission Announces Two | Police Rescue Near Explorer From a
Acquisitions, Crewd Still Insists He'll Lecture,
—, . gua : Sp ‘ab despatch to THE SUN,
| The ‘ ommissioners of the Palisades a ee Se e ae. ‘ a Bel evint
Interstate Park announce the following OPANHAGEN, 4 ees
| Rifts of lands for park purposes: A. Cook and his wife, arriving here to-day,
From Dr, James Douglas of New York | Were followed in the streets by a crowd
that booed and hissed them. They took
refuge in a building until the arrival of a
police escort, which was necessary for
their protection. In spite of his reeep-
tior, Dr. Cook insists on lecturing here
and nowhere else, in order to show his
good faith, he says

 

 

a aS

| situated on the top of the cliffa at Fort
| Lee, N. J., and immediately adjoining
‘the Interstate Park lands under the}

 

From Stephen Rowe Bradley, Mary

|p, Bradley, Augusta B. Chapman and

merey upon his malicious and hypoeritie | head of ar bureau, wha a serve | William Oo Bradley, all of Noack. WY He told some newspaper men to-day
aniile | notice on andlords if the law isnot com- | ; 5 5 wel nat he never had had any “proofa® of
Since that card when Hill and the! plied with, ‘The bureau will have control | the name of the late Biephen Rowe his discovery except his first telegran
of fire escapes and fire exits, of cellars! Bradley, a tract of 212 acres of land in) 6 & ee eram.

Governor passed no sign of recognition
was exchanged,
To fill the vacaney on the Railroad

Hill Gov. Smith has appointed Paul) g
Frammell of Dalton, a strong supporter |
of the Governor, The appointment o7”
Frammell gives Gov, Smith control. of

the Railroad Commission. building closed.

and dumbwaiter shafts, of auxiliary fire | ’ aty
fill | appliances and of everything designed | by the Commissioners for the purposes
Commission caused by the elevation of | to protect human life in case of fire. Where, Of @ natural park and to be known as
landlord refuses to comply with the
order of the bureau the Fire Commis.
sioner may order the factory or other

‘The newspapers violently attack him
Dr. Nansen, his former defender, demands
that all doors in Denmark be closed
against “this ewindler.”

Giants-Athletics Special from Pennsylvania
Station and Hudson Terminal, to-day 10:4) A. M
fennsyly la Railroad, dining car, Return from

orth Philadelphia 30 minutes after game,--Ade.

Rockland county, New York, to be held

‘Rockland Park. This land is situated
(on the easterly side of South Mountain,
‘adjoining the present State rifle ran ,|
)and commands a magnificent view of o

| Hudson River.

 

the near future to assume grea: im-
portance in national affairs - much greater
;even than that which it now plays.
| This is the third Cabinet post which
jhas been held by Winston Churchill in
|a little more than three years. It is said
| that when Sir John Fisher was First Sea
Lord of the Admiralty he did his utmost
to induce Churchill to take up the work
of the naval department, but the youthful
Minister refused to consider the proposal
at that time as he had no desire to be-
come attached to any of the great ex-
| pending departments of ‘the Government.

} one — 0

NABBED FOR $350,000 THEFT.
| Bank Manager From New Brunswick Exe
| pected to Sail for Europe Toeday,
| Something had told Harry B. Clark
{that he would not sail for Europe to-day
'as a second cabin passenger aboard the
} Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse, That's what
the told the doorman of the West 125th
| street police station when he was brought
ithere by two Pinkerton detectives last
| night.

The Pinkertons, Moscowitz and Schaffa,

suid that Clark was wanted in St. John,
|New Brunswick, aceused by the New

|
) Brunswick Bank of the larceny of $59,909

{last April
| The Pinkertons with their description
of Clark had a long chase after him, but
lfor two weeks they have been shadowing
aman named Jacques, who they say is a
| promoter, and who they learned was a
j friend of Clairk’s. At 118th) street and
Lenox avenue they saw Clark last night
hand handed him over to a policeman,
| A letter was found in Clark's pockets
addressed to a man in Sussex, N. B.,
' which read) “My Dear Gordon, The Pinker-
jton’s have made a bum job, I guess they
have given up the chase.” Travellers
}checks for $100 and a second cabin ticket
‘for the Kaiser Wilhelm were also in hia
pockets. The checks and the tickets
| were nmde out to Harry Chariton, but the
prisoner said they were his.

Clark said he was willing to go back
to Canada immediately and waive his
extradition rights. He said his arrest
was a mistake. The bank had been
swindled, he said, while he was its manager
but two men had already beon convicted
for that and the only thing that he could
possibly be wanted for was as a witness.

He said that in April he had purchased
$50,000 worth of bonds but that later they
had proved to be worthless.

SUICIDE NOTE FOR POLICEMAN.

Girl in Black Hands It to Him and Walks
Away to Take Poison.

A young woman dressed in black ap-
proached Policeman Amudsen of the East
126th street station, standing at Park
avenue and 125th street at 1 o'clock yes-
terday afternoon, and handed him a letter.

“What's this?” he asked.

“Read it,” said she, and walked away.

The policeman tore open the letter and
read:

 

 

 

: Whom It May Concern

My name is Elizabeth Hagele. I am 18
years old and | have come from the State
Industrial School, Lancaster, Mass. | ran
away from that home. I was put to work
on september 3 in this city and have been
here ever since. Life doesn't seem worth
while, for every cent | make I have to give
to a man who beats me

I have no parents, but a stepsister, who
lives at the Langham Hotel, Boston. If
my attempt to end my life should prove
suceessful, which | hope to God it) will,
For notify Miss Eleanor Rambusch,
Send my body to Boston and bury me with
my father and mother

The letter was written on stationery
of the Lancaster Industrial Home, Po-
liceman Amudsen took it to the station
house and found out that a young woman
lhad taken creosote at 125th street and
| Lexington avenue and had been sent to
ithe Harlem Hospital, She was the girl
‘who had handed the letter to Amudsen.
Her condition is not serious. She won't
taik about herself.