g VOL LXXIIL—NO. 4.
DOG GAYE ALARM OF FIRE.

(HEN LEFT TO DIE IN RUSH FROM
BLAZING FLAT HOUSE.

 

 

Polloe Get Many of the Terrorstricken
of the Fire Escapes Before the Fire-
men Get Around to Help—Hariem Got

' Up Early to Cheer—Bullding Gutted.

Fritzi Scheff; ten pounds of fluffy French
le; much in favor with children of
Weat 118th street; awoke from a doze by
the bedside of her mistress, Emma Werner,
on the top floor of an apartment house at
B10 West 118th street, a few minutes before
4 o'clock yesterday morning. There was
a strong smell of emoke in the room; and
{t offended the little dog's sensitive nose.

She pawed at her mistress a moment or
two; then tore out into the hall, whining
and barking with all the power of her amall
fungs, short etaccato yelps that aroused
gleepera all over the house and sent them
to their doors to find out what the poodle
waa making such a terrible fuss about.

Smoke was rolling up from the lower
floors and filling the halls. Flames were
craokling around the main stairway and
ghting up the house front basement to
roof. The stairway in the rear was half
burned and falling to pieces. Before the
tenants} still half stupid from sleep, realized
{t there was a wall of fire on every floor
between them and the street door.

The five story apartment house is one
of a row of crowded buildings on the south
wide of the etreet between Eighth and Man-
hattan avenues, There were fifteen fami-
Hes living there, about sixty persons alto-
gether. In half a minute after the little
dog roused them everybody was screaming
and shouting, the men doing the best they
could to quiet the women and keep the chil-
dren atill. There was a rush for the win-
dows and the fire escapes and the hall
doors ‘were shut against the smoke and
flames,

In the panio of the moment nobody
thought of the poodle that had warned them.
Bhe was found after it was all over, a
pate and scorched bunch of fur, dead near

er mistreas’s door.

Ed Grace, a patrolman of the West 125th
street station, was at the corner of Manhat-
tan avenue and 118th street when he heard
men shouting for help. He ran part way
down the street, saw the fire escapes filled
with people and the glare of flames in the
windows and made for Eighth avenue
and 12ist street, where he turned in an alarm
and told Sergt. Liebers, on duty at his sta-
tion house, to hustle the reserves around
quick there, :

Then he sprinted back and dashed into
the house. He got tothe stairway and was
driven back with hair and eyebrows singed.
The inside of the building was a furnace
and Grace realized in a jiffy that nobody
could be got out that way. ‘

Meanwhile those on the fire escapes of
the first and second floors had clambered
down, the men carrying the women and
children over their ahoulders, but the flames
were beginning to shoot out of the windows
of the third floor in the centegef the house,
driving people to each side of the fire es-
capes and cutting them off from the street.
On the iron platforms in front. of the upper

three floors the tenants were jammed 60
thickly that there was hardly room for them
tostand. Grace saw that the fire would get
tothem quickly if they weren't taken off,
Three or four women had fainted and were
being held up by their husbands. The
fire had become so hot by this time. that
the men were shouting to the crowd in the
street that they couldn’t stand it much
longer.

The street between the avenues was a
eolid maas of onlookers by that time. The
ecreams and noise of the fire got them out
of bed for blocks around. Some man
banged his way through the crowd with a
ladder he had found somewhere and Grace
grabbed it. The two of them got it against
the house and went up like cats. They
got the family of H. McAuliffe off
the third floor fire escape and were going
back for the Geringera when the patrol
wagon from the station house turned the
corner with Acting Capt. James Thompson,
Sergt. McKeon and fifteen cops of the re-
@erves,

Thompson got two more ladders and the
reserves went at it. McDonald, Ringeisep,
Dundon and Nelson cleaned off the third
floor escapes and most of the fifth, passing
women and children to a line of the reserves
waiting below and helping the men get a
firm footing.

The crowd in the street cheered the cops
again and again, and every time a bluecoat
scrambled down one of the dinky ladders
with a woman across his shoulders or grip-
ping a child close to his breast there was a
roar from the etreet. In a minute or two
the uniforms were anything but pretty,
the men’s faces were blackened from smoke,
mustaches were singed and every man of
them had scorched hands.

The police were at work within three
minutes after Grace called for help and in
another three minutes Truck 26 swung
around the corner from its house at Madison
avenue and 114th street. Then second
and third alarms were sent in, for the house
was all ablaze and the fire looked wicked.
Tenants of adjoining houses had poured
into the street half clothed and scared.

The men of Truck 26 rana long ladder
to the top floor of the building, and three
of them, George, Corbally and Hugh Early,
went after the persons still on the fourth
and fifth floor fire escapes.

Miss Werner, who owned the little poodle;
had jumped out of bed when it started
its frantio yelping, made her way to the
hall and then had been driven back into her
room. She got on to the fire escape and
clung there hysterically. Corbally shouted
for her to keep up her nerve, that there was
no danger. She climbed on to the rail-
ing of the fire escape before Corbally could
get to her, tried to clutch the ladder, missed
her held and fell head first. She struck
@ short scaffolding that painters had been
using acrosa the first floor, landed on her
back and shoulders-and bounced off to the
sidewalk, \

The police thought she was dead when
they picked her up, and they called for an
ambulacce from the J. Hood Wright Hos-
pital. The doctor found that she was
bruised from head to foot and in a danger-
ous condition from shock and slight burns,
but that she wasn’t fatally hurt. He took
her to the hospital.

Meanwhile George and Early were rescu-
ing the people still on the fourth floor fire
escape. Mra. Theodora Deutch, who is 70
years old, was unconscious and her daughter
Leonora was supporting her and screaming
for the firemen to hurry. Early picked up
the old woman as easily as he would lift

& baby, slipped down the ladder with her ) —4ds.

 

ae}

and handed her over to the hospital doctor.
George started to carry the daughter down,
when she told him that there was a little
girl asleep in their apartment.

The fireman went through the window
like a flash, groped around in the smoke
and found Leonore Gebhardt, 10 years old,
a niece of Mrs. Deutch, unconscious on the
floor. She had tried to make her way to the
window and had been overcome. George
handed the child to Corbally and then went
down the ladder with Miss Deutch. The
doctor found that none of the three was
seriously hurt. After they recovered from
the shock they went to spend the rest of the
night with friends, ‘

That ended the rescuing, but the firemen
had plenty of serious business on their
hands, The street was blocked with fifteen
engines, five trucis and the big water tower,
Deputy Chief Duane was in charge. It
was a hard fight for an hour, but they
drowned out the blaze and kept it from
spreading to the adjoining houses. The
houre at 310 was left a shell. ;

There were sixty or more horneless per-
gona in the etreet who had saved nothing
but the scanty clothes on them. Their con-
dition was made worse by the pouring rain.
The neighbors canie to their relief, however,
and gave them shelter. Several persons
told the police that they had lost the savings
of years. One man said to Capt. Thompson
that he hadn't time to get his pockethook,
which contained several hundred dollars
in bills, is

The damage to the house amounted to
perhaps $20,000, but the luss to the tenants
was much more. Duane tried to ascertain
the cause of the fire,and gave it up as a bad
job. The flames seem to have atarted
from the first and fifth floors near the main
stairway at about the same time, some of
tha tenants thought. One of Fire Marshal
Seery's ataff went tu the house with Acting
Captain Thompson at 9 o'clock iu the morn-
ing. He made an investigation, but dis-
covered nothing, the police said, as to the
cause.

ADELE RITCHIE HURT,

Thrown From Her Auto While Coming
From Her Country Home.

Adele Ritchie, the actress, was hurt last
evening while returning to her city home
in her sixty horse-power touring car. With
Miss Ritchie were her brother, John Pultz,
and her maid. John Rogers was the driver.

Miss Ritchie's fall engagements in vaude-
ville open to-day and she was on her way
from her summer hoéme near Rye, N. Y.,
to her apartments in the Park View, at 222
Central Park South. According to Pultz
the machine was only making about twelve
miles an hour.

They were coming down along the right
bank of the Mamaroneck River underneath
a railroad bridge, where it’ was very dark,
\when the front wheel struck a big rock
and every one was thrown out. Miss
Ritchie was thrown to the left, landing on
her side, while the rest of the party fell out
on the other side and were unhurt. Her
brother picked her up and carried her to a
house near by.

She insisted on coming to the city, and
was taken in a brougham to the railroad
station at Rye and came down on the train.

Dr. Moran, who lives in the same house,
was called in, and after an examination
said that no bones were broken, although
Miss Ritchie complained of a pain in her
eide. The accident, she said through her
‘brother, would not interfere with her ap-

 

“pearance to-day.

DAMAGE BY RAIN AND WIND.

Prospects for Clear, Cool Weather To-day
--Coney Island Expresses Hindered.

The Weather Bureau predicted rain yes-
terday and it came in quantities to justify
the most liberal forecaster. No preter-
natural gift of prophecy was necessary
to tell on Saturday that rain was coming,
for the bulletin was spread in the leaden
aky; and all about the Lake regions, where a
whirling western etorm was tearing the
clouds to tatters, the bung of the sky tank
seemed to have been carried away.

Half a gale came with the torrent that did
{ts worst here between 6 and 10:20 o'clock
in the morning. The wind appeared fiercer
than it really was because it hurled the rain
in sheets against the panes and woke up
folks who happened to be sleeping near
the windows. The roar and rattle on roofs
and the banging of shutters added to the
impression of folks indoors that one of the
wildest storms of the year was smashing
things and that there might be work for the
eweet little cherub sitting aloft watching
over Jack at sea. :

The highest force the wind attained
was thirty-seven miles. The rainfall was
one of the heaviest ever recorded on a
September day, being 3.60 inches, and
for half an hour or more the sewers in
many parts of the several boroughs were
choked and the streets were flooded. The
western storm probably will be on its way
to sea to-day, and there may be clear skies
and a brisk wind from the west-northwest,
with a suggestion of coming frost in it.

The southeast wind played havoc with
the bathing pavilions and railroad ap-
proaches at Coney Island. The steps of
Balmer’s bathing pavilion were partly
washed away. Train service on the Coney
Island express line was abandoned during
the afternoon on account of a threatened
washout at the Coney Island terminal, and
it was late in the evening before service
could be resumed,

TRENTON, N. J., Sept. 8—Much damage
was done in this vicinity by a heavy storm
that passed over here shortly before noon.
In some sections of the county the storm
had the severity of a cloudburst,and many
washouts are reported. At Yardville the
abutment of a new bridge built by the
county was washed away. Electric light

Jes were undermined and a number fell.
The suburban trolley lines suffered severely.

The rain caused considerable damage to
the new trotting track at the Staten Island
fair unds, where the first annual county
fair hs open Voce The track is new,
but. had been worked to proper hardness,
but the rain flooded portions of it, making
it deep in mud. Yesterday afternoon when
the slackened every available man was
set to work clearing the track. The earth
and mud were scra away and factory
ashes were rolled and worked into the track,
until last pignt it was in shape for use.

The weight of the rain which was not
carried off By the leaders caused the collapse
of the roof of the Echo Farm Dairy, at 430
Atlantic avenue, Brooklyn, a two story
building. An unfinished three etory house
at 348 *Pitty-firnt atreet was undermined,
and workmen had to shore it up to keep it
from falling, Washouts were caused on
Hancock, Fulton, Pacific and Cirand streets,
Stuyverant, Flatbush, Underhill and Marcy
revenues, Clarkson street and Lincoln road.
Sidewalks in various parts of the borough
gave way, rendering walking risky.

 

 

The Very Best Accom:nodations
on New York Central trains can be had only by
buying them some time, in advance--trains are
running full, The New York Central Is the pas-
senger fine of America. See time table in this paper,

ENGROSSING PEACE TREATY.

ENVOYS WILL SIGN WHEN COPIES
ARE READY, PERHAPS TO-DAY.

as Roosevelt’s Repre-
McLane and Naval

Secretary Peiroe,
* sentative, Goy.
Officers at Portsmouth to Witness
the Ceremony—Pians for Ratification.

Portemouta, N. H., Sept. 3.—The treaty
of Portsmouth, providing for a lasting
peace between Russja and Japan, was
completed in every detail to-night after a
conference for the purpose of comparison
and verbal amendment that lasted all day.

Prof. Maartens, the Russian treaty ex-
pert, declared when the conference was
over that there was a strong probability
that the act of signing would take place
to-morrow afternoon. Mr. Witte and Mr.
Takahira are not so hopeful. They believe
that the closing scene in the peace negotia-
tions will not occur until Tuesday or until the
work of making the signature copies is
done.

Before the treaty can be signed, it will
be neceseary for the envoys to approve
the protocol of their last sitting. The
Japanese draft of this protocol did not
reach the Russians until this evening, and
it was explained that if any changes were
suggested by Mr. Witte the signing of
the treaty might be delayed.

Both the Russian and the Japanese envoys

decided to-day that they would not take
advantage of the services of the expert
penmen sent here by the State Department
to make the signature copies of the con-
vention. This was a precautionary meas-
ure, the explanation being that the treaty
is a secret document that does not pertain
to any foreign Government or any of its
representatives or citizens, Mr. Rojestven-
sky, second secretary of the Russian Lega-
tion at Pekin, who is here, will make the
Russian copies, and Mr. Otchiai of the
Japanese mission will prepare the official
copies for his Government.

The parchment upon which the engross-
ing is being done was furnished by the
State Department. It has a broad red line
forming a border around each sheet of
parchment} with a margin of about four
inches. When Mr. Witte saw the red
border he did not like it and said he pre-
ferred parchment that was not ornamented
in that way. But he was persuaded that
the red line was customary and consented
to its use. Besides, there was not any
other parchment available, and Mr. Witte
will take no chances on delay in completing
his work here. He is too anxious to get
away from Portsmouth.

Under the terms of the treaty the rati-
fication by the Emperors of Japan and
Russia must take place within fifty days
of the signing.

It is promised that notification of the
ratification shall be communicated in this
manner: Upon the approval of the treaty
by the Emperor of Japan the French Min-
igter at Tokio, who is caring for Russian
interests in Japan during the period of the
war, will notify the Government of Russia,
Upon the approval ofthe treaty by the
Emperor of Rusaia, the United States Am-
bassador at St. Petersburg, who is in charge
of Japanese interests in Russia during
the period of the war, will notify the Gov-
ernment of Japan.

The treaty is to become effective when it
has been ratified by the two Emperors.
The date of the exchange of ratifications
will have no bearing on the beginning of
peace. Hoatilities are to be suspended
as soon as the treaty has been signed.

But the armies of the belligerents are not
to retire from their present positions until
the treaty has been ratified. The evacua-
tion of Manchuria will take place within
a fixed period thereafter. The return of
prisoners will not occur until ratification
has been given to the treaty.

Arrangementa have already been com-
pleted by the Russian Government with
the North German Lloyd Steamship Com-
pany to carry to Russia the 66,000 soldiers
and sailors of the Czar's forces who are
held as prisoners of war by the Japanese.
These will be taken home by the Suez route.
About 2,000 will be carried on each ship.

Mr. Witte; Baron Rosen and the members
of the Russian mission expect to leave
here for New York immediately after the
treaty has been signed. The Japanese are
in no hurry to get away. A notice was
posted in the Wentworth to-day that they
would receive the guests of the hotel to-
morrow night. They announce that they
will not accept any invitations. It is their
intention to sail from Seattle about Sept. 20.

Mr. Witte and Baron Rosen will probably
attend the Metropolitan Club dinner in
New York that has been proposed in their
honor. Mr. Witte said to-day that he
intended going to Chicago, if he spent only
a few hours there. .As has been said in
Tue Sun, he will also visit Niagara Falls
and will sail from New York for Europe
on Sept. 12.

Arrangements for the ceremony of signing
the treaty were made to-day. It will take
place in the conference room at the Ports-
mouth Navy Yard, and in addition to the
envoys and the members of their suites,
the only witnesses will be Gov, McLane of
New Hampshire, Rear Admiral Mead,
commandant of the Portsmouth Navy Yard;
Commander Winslow of the Mayflower and
the commanders of such other naval
veasela as may be at the yard at the
time, and Herbert H. D. Peiroe, President
Roosevelt's representative,

A heavy northeaster with a steady down-
pour of rain kept everybody at the Went-
worth indoors to-day. The envoys left
their apartments only for meals. They did
not participate in the conferences over the
phraseology of the treaty. These took
place in the room of Prof. Maartens.

 

CAUGHT BY NEW AUTO LAW.
H. Durant Cheever First to Be Arrested
for Reckless Driving in Cennectiocut,

GREENWICH, Conn., Sept. 3.—H. Durant
Cheever of the Okonite Company, 253 Broad-
way, New York, owning an estate in North
street, Greenwich, was first to be caught
in the meshes of the new automobile law
of Connecticut which became effective
on Friday.

He was arrested by Officer Andrew Talbot
ee the main business avenue, Saturday,

 

not for exceeding the speed limit, but for
| alleged reckless driving in a crowded street,
' for which the new law provides a penalty.
| It is charged that Mr. Cheever, while
driving his own car, bumped the rear of a
funeral coach.

The Adirondack Mountains, Thousand Islands
and Saratoga are most charming in September.
| Many of the hotels remain open during the month.
Train service of the New York Central ls complete.
| Ree our Tickes Agents for low rates and particulars.
=,

+ NEW YORK. MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 4, 1905

eee
R

    

CZAR SENDS PRAISE TO ARMY.

Believes They Coald Defeat the Enemy,
but Explains Why He Agreed to Peace.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THs SUN.

St. Pererssura, Sept. 3.—The Czar has
sent the following despatch to Gen. Linie-
vitch, commanding the troops in Man-
churia: i

“The negotiations at Portemouth led
on Aug. 19 to a refusal of the demands of
the Japanese regarding the cession of Sak-
halin, the payment of an indemnity, the
surrender of the warships in neutral har-
bors and the limitation of our forces in
the Pacific Ocean. After further negotia-
tions Japan, on Aug. 29, yielded all our
conditions, but asked for the return of
the portion of Sakhalin occupied by Jap-
anesé troops, which part was held by Japan
until 1875 and ceded by treaty in 1875 to
Russia.

“The self-sacrificing army, so dear to me,
withstood the assault of the numerically
superior enemy in Manchuria, step by
step, for nineteen months, obstinately
repulsing their advance under your leader-
ship.

“The army was organized and strength-
ened by the arrival of troops from Russia
and now, in greater numbers and stronger
than before, is not only prepared to ward
off the enemy, but also to inflict on them
an important defeat.

“I and all Russia believe in the strength

of our glorious army and its readiness to
sacrifice itself for the good of the father-
land, but my duty, my conscience and the
people intrusted to me by God command
me not to again put to the test the valor
of Russian men so dear to my heart, not to
expose them to fresh and endless horrors
of war in order to retain half of the remote
island which Japan ceded to us in 1875.
I therefore accepted the preliminary peace
conditions.
“The Russian troops have repeatedly
proved during the sanguinary conflict
their valor and self-sacrifice. Convey
this to my dear army. May it know that
I and Russia value the sacrifices it has
made in this severe war.”

WITTE SAYS JAPS HAGGLED.

Quoted as Accusing Them of Delaying
Work on the Treaty.

Spectal Cable Despatch to THB SUN.
St. Pererssura, Sept. 8—The Slovo
quotes Mr. Witte as saying that he could
write the text of the whole treaty in one
night, but the Japanese have haggled over
every word. For his part he attaches
little importance to the text.
The Standard's Odessa correspondent says
that the intelligent section of the public, in-
cluding military circles, is still mystified
by the terms of peace, and is even doubtful
whether they will be ratified. At the same
time there ia a very general belief that
Japan would never have made such aston-
ishingly liberal concessions unless she had
been so advised ‘by her British ally.
This raises suspicions of the ulterior
motives of the Anglo-Japanese friendship.
The provincial press does not disguise its
jubilation over what it regards as the mili-
tary and financial exhaustion of Japan,
which the papers aver had no alternative
but to abandon her policy and her attitude
of bluff.
The St. Petersburg correspondent of the
Standard says that the Czar’s telegram
to Gen. Linievitch is interpreted there as
confirmation of the statement that his
Majesty received the news of the conclusion
of peace with a heavy heart.
It is reported that Gen. Linievitch will
be appointed Viceroy, and at the same
time retain his post as commander-in-chief,
and that a portion of his troops will remain
in the Far East. Such a decision would
be regarded as ominous for the permanence
of peace. The viceroyalty would be un-
meaning if Russia seriously renounced
her ambition of dominating the Pacific.

RUSSIA GETS TRANSPORT FLEET.

 

 

 

Makes Contract for Ships to Carry
100 000 Men If Needed.

Spectal Cable Despatch to THE SUN.
Lonpon, Sept. 4.—The St. Petersburg
correspondent of the Morning Post says
the Russian military authorities have
made a contract with the Russian Steam
Navigation Company of Odessa provid-
ing for accommodation for the transport
of over 100,000 men. The company will
hand over the pick of ita fleet at the shortest
notice.

The contract binds the company only
for military exigencies arising in the near
and middle East. A

—

MUTINOUS SAILORS NOW IN ARMY.
ee te

 

Reported Disposition of Crews From the
Baltic and Black Seas.

Spectal Cable Despatch to THR SUN.
Lonpon, Sept. 4.—According to the St.
Petersburg§oorrespondent of the Telegraph,
between two and three thousand sailors
of the Black Sea and Ealtic fleets who
were implicated in the recent disorders
have been subjected to compulsory enrol-
ment inthe army. This is the final liquida-
tion of the mutinies which went a great
way toward explaining the Russian naval
disaster in the Sea of Japan.

Private reports from Libau concerning
the courts martia! there accentuate the
previous information in regard to the total
lack of discipline among the Black Sea
and Baltic sailors and the monumental
incapacity of their officers. It was found
that the petty officers were wholly ignorant
of elementary seamanship and their duties

enerally.

Admiral Birileff is determined to_ set
about cleaning the Augean stables. It is
ex that officers, from Admirals down-
ward, will disappear like autumn leaves.

STAND BY MRS. DREXEL.

Rector Long, Who Is Suing Her, Preaches
to Half a Dozen at Vincentown.

PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 3.—The attempt of
the Rev. J. Franklin Long to hold services
in the Trinity Protestant Episcopal Church
at Vincentown, N. J., to-day proved to
be a frost because of the boycott placed
upon the minister by the vestry and con-
g tation, who side with Mrs. George W.
‘hilds Drexel of Philadelphia, whom the
rector ia suing to force the payment of $100
which she agreed to give toward his salary
each year on condition that no service
be omitted during ere Because of
sermons which disp the congregation
Rector Long was excluded by the vestry.
Long tried to hold services on the church
lawn, but the congregation did not rally
to his side. To-day only half a dozen
4p the pews. - -- -

 

 

— Copyright, 1905, by The Sun Printing and Publishing Association.

MIKADO THANKS ROOSEVELT

BUT SAYS NOTHING OF HIS PEO-
PLE’S VIEW OF PEACE TERMS.

 

 

Delay in Sending Message Ascribed to
Crippling of Cable Service by Typhoon
—Presidient Likely to Discourage Wash-
ington Plan to Give Him Big Welcome.

Ovaren Bay, N. Y.; Sept. 3.—The measage
from the Mikado to the President, so long
expected, was received at the Exeoutive
offices at 12:40 P. M, to-day. It reads as
follows:

Toxto, Sept. 3.

“The President: 1 have received with
gratification your message of congrat-
ulation conveyed through our pienipo-
tentiaries and thank you warmly for
it. To your disinterested and unremit-
ting efforta in the interest of peace and’
humanity J attach the high value which
is their due and assure you of my grateful
appreciation of the distinguished part
you have taken in the establishment of
peace based upon principles essential to

the permanent welfare and tranquillity of '

the Far East. MoTsvuBITO.”

Unlike the Czar, the Mikado makes no
reference to any gratitude on the part of
his country.

The latter part of the message contains
practically a statement of the policy which
Japan followed in concluding a peace on
terms so surprising to mort people. The
aim was to make of Russia not an enemy
in whose heart rankled grievances like
those which France, for example, still has
against victorious Germany, but a foe
grateful for magnanimity. That was the
line of policy, it is believed, which the
President advised, and which the Mikado
shows he has followed.

That also is believed to be the Japanese
Government's appeal to the Japanese
people. The terms of the peace are widely
unpopular, but the Government is aim-
ing to point out that the treaty is not a
cause for resentment; that the war has es-
tablished not only Japan's prestige in the
Far East and given her more than she fought
for, but went even further and made prac-
tically @ friend of Russia and increased
more than ever the esteem of President
Roosevelt and the United States. The
President believes this policy of Japan
to be very far sighted and he thinks very
highly of the Japanese statesmen for their
action.

At the Executive offices it was said that
the delay in receiving a message from the
Mikado was probably due to the slow cable
service caused by the recent typhoon.
The President has thus far sent no reply.

Reports have reached here that the city
of Washington is planning to give the Presi-
dent an ovation when he returns in Septem-
ber for his work in bringing about peace.
This, it is believed here, the President
will discourage.

President and Mrs. Roosevelt attended
church to-day and walked all the way home,
a distance of nearly three miles, in a drench-
ing rain. The rain was falling heavily
when they left the church, but both had
on rainy day clothes and the President
proposed to walk. Mr. Roosevelt loves
to be out in the rain and frequently takes
long walks and horseback rides when it
is raining. Mrs. Roosevelt shares the
President's fondness for rainy weather.
They were both pretty wet when they
finally arrived on the top of Sagamore
Hill.

Congressman and Mrs. James W. Wads-
worth of New York came to-day to lunch
with the President and Mrs. Roosevelt,
and after spending the afternoon at Saga-
more Hill left at § o'clock.

 

JERSEY IRON DEAL.

Bethlehem Steel Interests Said to Have
Bought Wharton Mines tn Morris Co.
P..TERSON, N. J., Sept. 3.--It was an-

nounced here to-day that all the iron in-

tereats in this State of Thomas Wharton
have been disposed of to Charles M. Schwab
of the Bethlehem Steel Works. The price
named in the current stories is $10,000,000.

It is considered a conservative figure for

the mines controlled by the New Jersey

ironmaster. All the property included
in the dea) {s situated in Morris county;
near Wharton—the new name for Port

Oram. The mining plant gives employ-

ment to nearly everybody in the town.
Rumors that the deal was to be made

were current in iron manufacturing circles

some time ago. It was stated to-day as a

practical certainty that Mr. Schwab has

yained control of the Morris county in-
dustry. The railroad connection between

Wharton and the Bethlehem plant is direct

and convenient. The mines at Wharton

are among the best in this part of the coun-
try and their location near the Atlantio
seaboard makes them a desirable property.

With the rumors of the closing of the

Wharton deal atories were renewed that

the same interests were trying to acquire

the Passaic Steel Works, in whose capital
stock an investment was made recently.

Mr. Schwab visited the works here some

time ago, but is reported to have eaid that

he did not consider them necessary for his
operations. The Passaic company is the
largest steel manufacturing plant near the

Atlantic seaboard. ’

ee eneens

BURGLARIN E. A. CHOATE'S HOUSE

BIG NEW

 

 

Policeman Heard the Door Slam and Sent
for Help—Negro Found Hiding.

Policeman Roche, walking along West
End avenue last night about 10:30 o'clock,
heard a door slam in Edward A. Choate’s
house at 316. Roche knew that the family
was at Mamaroneck, L. I., for the summer,
so he wasted no time jumping to the call
box and phoning the West Sixty-eighth
street station for help.

Detective Coleman, Roundsman McNiff
and half a dozen policemen got there a few
minutes afterward and surrounded the
house. Coleman got into the house with
two or three patrolmen, and on the third
floor found a negro hiding. Coleman
grabbed him and hustled him around to
the station house. :

The negro said that his name was Isaac
Gray, that he was 40 years old and lived at
2142 Broadway. There is a sable at that
address and Gray is not known there. He
couldn't explain why he was in Choate's
house and was locked up charged with
burglary.

Detective Coleman learned later that a
negro girl had been cleaning the house
preparatory to the arrival of the family.
The negro had a bunch of keys that he
eaid he got from a furnace cleaner. The
police couldn't tell whether anything hai
been stolen. They notified the Choate family
at Mamaroneck. Mr. Choate is a builder

‘

Mownpar, SEPTEMBER 4,,1905.
Occasional showers to-day; fair to-morrow.

ADRIANOPLE SWEPT BY FIRE.

Some Lives Lost and Thousands of Houses
Destroyed.

4 Spectal Cable Despatch to THE SUN,
ADRIANOPLE, Turkey, Sept. 3.—Nearly

7,000 houses, of which only fifteen were

insured, have been completely destroyed

by fire in the city. Many victims perished

in the flames.

CURZON NOT TO QUIT INDIA YET.

May Stay Until March to Welcome Prince
and Princess of Wales.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THB SUN,

LONDON, Sept. 3.—The Simla correspond-
ent of the Daily Mail says it is rumored
that Viceroy Curzon, who recently resigned,
may stay in India until March in order to
entertain the Prince and Princess of Wales
when they visit that country.

wD

 

 

 

 

JEROMETO RETURN ON TUESDAY.

He's Feeling Better, and Has Been at Work
Making a Chair.

LAKEVILIE, Conn., Sept. 3.—District At-
torney Jerome's health continues to mend,
and it is almost certain that he will be able
to return to New York for work on Tues-
day morning. He had nothing to add to-
day to his formal final announcement
that he will not run for Mayor this year.

Mr. Jerome spent part of the afternoon
in his workshop making a chair.

 

ENGLAND TO HOLD WEI-H AI-WEI.

No Belief There That She Intends to Give
Up the Place.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THE SUN,

Lonpon, Sept. 4.—The Standard’a China
correspondent discounts the statement that
England is considering the question of evac-
uating Wel-hai-wei, He points out that,
although the lease of that place is for “the
period that Port Arthur shall remain in the
occupation of Russia,” there still are reasons
why Great Britain should retain it.

He quotes a letter from the British Com-
missioner at i-hai-wei to the master of
a school for European children, which was
instituted shortly after the British took
possession, in which the commissioner
assures the master that the British Govern-
ment does not consider that the British ten-
ure is affected or likely to be affected by the
result of the operations in the Far East.

BIG DEAL IN COAL LANDS.

Buffalo and Susquehanna Railroad Buys
12,000 Acres in Western Pennsylvania.
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 3.—To facilitate the

development of about 12,000 acres of coal

and oi] land in Pennsylvania just purchased
by the Buffalo and Susquehanna Railroad,
the Metropolitan Trust Company of New

York has accepted a mortgage of $5,000,000

on the property and has engaged attorneys

to look up the deeds.

The property is in the Plum Creek district,
part in Armstrong county and part in In-
diana county.

As a railroad the Buffalo and Susque-
hanna company cannot own land, but this
obstruction has been overcome by making
the purohase in the name of the Buffalo
and Susquehanna Coal and Coke Company.

The 12,000 acres of ooa! land that has been
purchased is said to be as rich as any in
PennsyFvania.

TAFT PARTY AT HONGKONG.

Pian to Visit Canton Abandoned Because
of Anti-American Feeling.
Spectal Cable Despatch to THE SUN,

Honakona, Sept. 3.—The American
transport Logan arrived here yesterday
from Manila, having on board Secretary
of War Taft and his party. The visitors
were heartily welcomed. Many entertain-
ments have been arranged in their honor.
Mr. Taft and Misa Alice Roosevelt are the
guests of Sir Matthew Nathan, the Governor
of Hongkong.

It had been arranged that Miss Roose-
velt should’ visit Canton on the American
gunboat Callao, while the other members
of the party were to have proceeded to
that city by rail. ‘The visit was abandoned,
however, owing to the fact that the Viceroy
is sick and therefore not able to receive
them, and for the further reason that Canton
{a placarded with anti-American notices,
owing to the boycott.

The rioting at Amoy growing out of the
boycott has greatly lessened.

 

 

 

POSSES HUNT INSANE SLAYER.

Five Hundred Men and Boys Join in Search
for Thomas 0. Russell.
PittspurG, Sept. 3.—Five hundred men
and boys joined in the search for Thomas
O. Russell, the insane murderer of John
Wasmouth, to-day. County Detective
Robert McMillin tried to organize the
crowds into posses, but stragglers went
off on their own hook, and one posse was
on the point of firing into a party of isolated
searchers under the impression they had
discovered the man they were after.
Farmers are all armed expecting a visit
from Russell, as he has been without food
since he escaped from the insane ward at
Woodville, Jennie Walker and her niece,
whom Russell said he would murder, have
barricaded the Wasmouth house, and
armed men are constantly on guard.

DEGREES FOR AMERICANS.

Andrew's Will Honor Ambassadors
Reid and Tower and Bishop Potter.

Spectal Cable Despatch to THE SUN,

EpinsuracuH, Sept. 3.—St. Andrew's
University will confer the honorary de-
gree of LL. D. upon the following when
Andrew Carnegie is installed as Rector on
Oct. 17: Whitelaw Reid, American Am-
bassador to Great Britain; Charlemagne
Tower, American Ambassador to Germany;
Bishop Potter, President Butler of Columbia
University, and Director Hollartd of the
Carnegie Museum, Pittsburg.

ROCKEFELLER IN A MISFIT WIG,

Ushers at Cleveland Churoh Did Not Recog-
nize Him in New Gray Hair.

CLEVELAND, Ohio, Sept. 3.—John D. Rocke-
feller appeared at the service of the Euclid
Avenue Baptist Church this morning wear-
ing a wig of gray, which so changed
his appearance that the ushers took him
for a newcomer and extended an invita-
tion to him to attend services regularly
before they recognized him.

The wig was a miafit, in that it did not
conform to the lines of the wearer's head,
giving the exposed space a novel appear-
ance.

Friends said after the servioes that they
knew no reason why Mr. Rockefeller had
begun wearing a wig

Mr. Rockefeller did not appear embar-
raseed when the ushers failed to recognize

 

 

 

Bt.

 

 

with offices at 114 East Twenty-third etrest. | him. He passed the matter wish 4 smile.

‘

PRICE TWO CENTS.

| TWO DROWNED, TWO MISSING.

STEAMER YOUNG AMERICA SUNK
IN A COLLISION.

Mary C, Bedell of This City and Margaret
MoKay of Coxsackie Drowned—Jennie
L. Bedell and Sadie Brown of Brooklyn
Are Missing—Two Bodies Recovered.

Hupson, Sept. 5.—The ferryboat George
H. Power, running between here and Athens,
and the Young America, a small passenger
steamboat plying between this city and
Coxsackie, collided at 6 o'clock this evening,
Both boats were on thelr way from Athens
to this city and the collision occurred just
below here, as both were attempting to
pass through a narrow space of water
between the flats and the lighthouse. The
Young America was sunk.

Four young women are reported as
drowned. Two bodies have been recovered.
They are those of Mary C. Bedell of 477
West 142d street, New York, and Margaret
McKay of Coxsackie, each about 20 years
of age. Jennie L. Bedell, a sister of one of
the drowned women, is missing, as is Sadie
Brown of 26 Van Buren street, Brooklyn.
The Bedella were on their way here to take
a train for New York, having been to Cox-
sackie, where the funeral of their father
was held to-day.

Three of the Young America’s passen-
gers wore taken to the hospital, but they
are not seriously injured,

The accident occurred near the light-
house at the south end of a mile stretch
of sand bar in the middle of the river be-
tween Hudson and Athens, known to boat-
men as the Middle Ground. At low water
the Middle Ground necessitates a detour
round the lower endof the lighthouse,

At 6 P. M. the ferryboat left her slip
on the Athens side, and in heading out
in the stream she met the Young America;
which vessel has bgen running on the Coxe
sackie, Hudson and Athens route, ' Both
boats were headed for Hudson, and, ac
cording to passengers on the steamer
Onteora, lying, et the Hudson dock, began
a spirited race for the short cut channel
to the north of tbe lighthouse, as the tide
was unusually high.

As the steamers approached the cut the
ferryboat was seen to be next the Middle
Ground, with the Young America next the
lighthouse, when suddenly there was a
crash and a moment later the Young Amers
ica went down. The crew, consisting of
Capt. Rainey, who was in tho pilot house;
Engineer Morris Webber cnd Leonard
Edwards, a deck hand, with a half dozen
passengers, were seen floundering in the
water. Pilot Ernest McKnight of the ferry-
boat rang to reverse engine, and the ferry
crew, with the assistance of a steam launch
manned by Keeper Best of the lighthouse,
picked up all cf the passengers and crew
except the four women named.

Miss Sadie Brown was 23 years old, and
a bookbinder by trade. Her father was
living somewhere in South Brooklyn, but
she kept house with her sister Mamie at
26 Van Buren street, Brooklyn.

Two weaka.ago the gists started on their:

vacation. ey were fo have returned
last night and gone to work this mornings
A few daya ago F. W. Brodskie, the land-
lord at 26 Van Buren street, had @ postal
card from them, postmarked from Greene
ville N. Y.

EARTH SHOOK FOR TWO MONTHS.

Unprecedented Seismtc Disturbance Re-
ported in Mexico—Tho People in Terror.
MExico City, Sept. 3.—Despatches to the

Meteorological Department of the Federal

Government give an account of a remarka-

 

ble seismic disturbance that has just oo-

curred in the State of Guerrero.

The entire side of a precipice on a moun-
tain called Cerro Dolores suddenly took
an upward movement, and great masses
of rock, weighing many tons, broken loose
by the upheaval, fell into the valley with a
thundering noise.

The inhabitants of the pueblo of San
Lucas, two leagues distant, were terror
stricken and made preparations for flight
to the town of Huetamo. For fifteen days
the movement was plainly discernible. It
was accompanied with great rumbling
subterranean noises, and for two months
slight local earthquakes were of daily
occurrence.

People recently arrived from there de-
clare that the precipice continues to rise
and portions of the rock to crumble and fall.

Los ANGELES, Cal., Sept. 3.—This city
had an earthquake scare last night. With
the noise of a heavy explosion, in the in-
terior of the earth the whole city was
swayed by the severest shock felt here in
years, The tremble lasted fifteen seconds,
The subterranean explosion so alarmed
the business section of the city that a fire
alarm was turned in, the impression being
that a dynamite bomb had been thrown,

Plaster was knocked from the walls of
the Baker block and a heavy bookcase in
the city hall tower tumbled over on Lou
Couburn, assistant city electrician, who
was sleeping in the tower.

BALTIMORE TROLLEY BONDS UP.

Rumored That Great Consolidation of.
City’s Utilities Is on Foot.

BaitIMorE, Sept. 3.—During the last
week securities of the United Railways
Company in this city have been soaring,
the income bonds particularly making de-
cided gains. As these have not been paying
dividends for several years, there is no ap-
parent reason for the demand, The com-
mon stock, too, has been advancing.

The activity lends color to the well defined
rumor that something definite will be done
aa to refinancing the company in the early
fall.

Those who profess to represent the in-
siders have for many months predicted
that the same interests that now dominate
the Consolidated Gas, Electric Light. and
Power Company _as well as the Consolidated
Gas Company will eventually get the United
Railways.

The United company has a monopoly of
the street car system in Baltimore, Alex-
ander Brown, who is heavily interested
and is now in Europe, has been cabled to
come home. It is the impression that Mr,
Brown is not antagonistic to the interests
that seek control.

RAILROADS WAR ON BEOBUGS.,

Unton Pacific Sends Out Train to Disinfect
Section Houses.

CHEYENNE, Wyo., Sept. 3.—The Union
Pacific Railroad has declared war on bed-
bugs, anda train called “the bedbug special’’
was sent West from this place to carry the
war into the bedbugs’ camps.

The train consists of an Snaine and one
car and a full equipment of bedbug fighting
apparatus. Wherever bedbugs have ap-

ared in section houses they will be routed
fy means of poisons and live steam from the
engine.

 

Ss

roe

=

 

“< Rae a =

¢
s