VOL, LXXIV.—KO, 248.

BF 0sBVELT CALMS THE C.?. U.

‘ COMMITTEE THAT VISITED HIM

 

; COMES BACK WITH A LETTER

 

j In Which He Repeats That He'd Like te Be
4 Told if There Has Been Amy Miscar-
} riage of Justice in the Moyér-Hiay-
wood Case—Soctalsts Protest in Vain,

§ The radical Socialist delegates to the
f Centra] Federated Union were again routed
yesterday in an attempt to get that body
on record as attacking the President, when
the report of the committee of three which
went to see President Roosevelt last week
regarding his “undesirable citizen” state-
went in reference to Moyer and Haywood

wae read.

The meeting was well attended and the
*visitors’ gallery,” as the seats at the back
of the hall are called, were all filled. The
visitors were partly disappointed, for the
debate, though brisk, did not last long.

The committee which, éaw President
Roosevelt consisted of John 8. Henry,
recording secretary, and Delegates Coakley
and Brown, the latter being a Socialist, but
not of the extreme type. In making his
report Henry said that the committee saw
the President at 11 o’clock in the forenoon
of Thuraday last.

“We were kept waiting just three minutes
in an ante-room before we saw the Presi-
dent,” he said, “and were with him for an
hour and a half. We argued every point
and both sides talked freely. The digcus-
sion covered about every point that was
brought up in relation to the President's
cheracterization of Moyer and Haywood.
In résponse to what'we brought up the
President wrote a letter tome which the
secretary will read. He wrote all the letter
himself, with the exception of a few lines
at the last, in our presence and the last few
lines were dictated to the typewriter. He
was very frank all the way through and
listened to what we had to say with great
interest.”

Applause followed the report and the
letter from President Roosevelt, which ie
as follows, was read:

Mr Dean Mr. Henny: When you in
company with Messrs. Coakley end Brown
called upon me this morning I read you the
letter | had written to the Attorney-General
on March 25, 1906. At your request I gladly
send you the following extract from that
letter:

(Our duty is) if tt should ever happen
thet we had any power in the matter to see
thet exact justice is doné these men. There
must be no condonation of lawlessness on
our part, even if the lawlessness takes the
form of an effort to avenge the wrongs com-
mitted by the lawlessness of others. The
cole question as regards Haywood and Moyer
must be the question whether or not they
can be shown to be guilty of this particular
act, and their legal rights must be as care-
fully safeguarded as those of any other man.
It is alleged that they were extradited from
Colorado in @ mapner that amounted to «
betrayal of thetr-| rights, I. should like ,
to heve the District Attorney of Colerade
apd if necessary the District Attorney ‘of
Idaho give me such information as they
cen on this point. I should like to get from
the District Attorney of Itaho any tnforma-
tion that he can obtain ae to whether or not
there has been the slightest disposition shown
by the authorities of idaho to ect toward
these men in an unfair or improper manner
or to deny them their legal rights. On the
other hand I should like to know whether
there is any symptom of a miscarriage of
justice in their favor. The intemperate
violence with which eocialistio or labor papers
like that of Debs, and L am sorry to say some
other labor organizations, have insisted,
without any knowledge of the facts, upon
treating these men as martyrs to the cause
of labor bas unquestionably resulted in
tremendous pressure being brought to bear
upon the authorities of Idaho to discharge
or acquit them whether gullty or innocent.

So far as the unlons are anxious ofly: to
see that exact justice is done these men,
that they are given their full legal rights
and not condemned unless proved guilty of
this specific act, they ere entitted to the
cordial cooperation of all just and fair minded
citizens. So far as by any action or by mur-
Gerous and treasonable language, such as
that quoted above from Debs (and others),
they tend to bring pressure to bear upon the
State authorities and the courts to obstruct
the course of justice and to render it difficult
'o convict the men, if guilty, they ere equally
without stint to the condemned; and anything
that the Federal authorities can do in either
pig to further the cause of justice is to be
aone

“In response to your question it is, I trust,
needless for me to say that if et any time
You or any one élee can submit to me any
evidence showing that there bas heen a mis-
carriage of justice for or aganist Mesers.
Moyer or Haywood which you believe it is
PY in my power to remedy, I will at once bring

such evidenoe to the attention ef the At-
torney-General, to have him give it the fullest
consideration and to take thereon such ao-
tion, if any, as it may be in the power of the
Federal authorities to take.
Sinoerely yours,
THEODORE ROOSEVELT.

More applause followed the reading of
the letter. Then Albert Abrahams, @
Socialist and member of the Moyer-Hay-
wood conference, got up.

“We should not be in toc big a hurry,”
he said. “Perhaps the acceptance of this
letter and report would lead ‘the press and
the public to believe that labor made a
mistake in condemning Roosevelt. The
committee went to eee that he did ot
prejudge the threes men who are under
arrest. He prejudged them in a privileged
communication and again prejudged them
'n & letter that was not privileged. We
know that there is @ miscarriage of jus-
ice in the West and that theee men were

: illegally kidnapped. Roosevelt stands pil-
me 6=—sloried ee men who has not dons what he
asked us to do, He has failed to prove
that these men were undesirable otizeng.
He doesn't stand for a equare deal him-
self. When Cornelius Shea of the Team-
Stels went to eee him he had just seen the
employers, but he refused to see him. He
has injured the case of Moyer and Hay-
wood by prejudging them, and as far ae
his talk about socialism ie concerned. it is @

, subterfuge, the evasion of a politician.”

Delegate Coakley of the committee took
the floor to defend ident Roosevelt.
He said he had never Voted for Mr. Roose-
velt and probably never would vote for
him, but the President had given the eom-
mittee a square deal.

“The writing of the letter le not an eve-
fion,” he eald, “as it wae written thirteen
thonthe ago, before the Herrimen. letter
wes made public. What does Delegate
Abreharus want? Did he want ue to anene-
finate the President? Did he expect us to
bring the head of President Roosevelt, iike
that of John the Baptist. on @ charger?”

Here Coakley wae interrupted with a i
round of applause. Continuing, he ald:

There are a number of people here

   
   
  

: x es ~ornonn an te aie een
] fie

 
  

    
       
    
   
   

are not siffoere in tryigg to free Moyer
and Haywood. They ere simply using the
arrést as & means to further their own
propaganda. The letter isa suMiciont answer
to the request of the committee. We were
not kept waiting a minuté longer than
Was neosssary, and durigg the time we
were with the President oyer fifty per-
sons who came to ee¢ him were kept wait-
ing outside. [Applause.} What do you, want

to humiliate the President of the United j

States for? It is high time that organized

labor should be alive to the tricks of propa-.

gendists. They have been fooled too
long.” [Applause.] }

Abrahams replied with ehother attack
on the President. Delegate Scofield of the
machinists said that the létter of Presi-
dent Roosevelt was tommyrot. ‘The report
was finally accepted, and it was decided
to send a copy of the letter to the lawyers
for Moyer, Faywood and Pettibone.

REBELLION IN MOROCCO,

Saltan’s Brother Has Himpelf Preciaimed
Gultan at Marakegh.

Special Cadle Despatch to Tax Sun.
Lonpon, May 6.—The Ta corre-
spondent of the Times says letters

announce a coup d'état at Marakesh.
Mulai Hafed, the Sultan's brother, who
was viceroy of southern Morooco, has béen
proclaimed Sultan and has been accepted
bs Ane townspeople and the surrounding

e8,

Mula! Hafed is a brother to the Sultan of
all Morocoo, Mulai-Abdul-Azis. The Sul-
tan lives at Fez in the northern part of the

 

 

Jsingdom and exercises his loose sway over

the tribes from there, his influence growing
weaker according to the distance from the
capital. ‘

Mulai Hafed after being appointed vice-
rox of Southern Morocco proclaimed him-

the Sultan of Motoceo and has been the
standing pretender for many years. His
claims to the throne have got their principal
support from the of the sheiks
regarding the Sultan's intervstin things
European and his listening to MoLean, the
Scotchmen whom he made Caid, and to
other Europeans. (

Had it not been for the Sultan's fondness
for buying bicycles by the cartioad, cam-
eras, tennis racquets and other Europoan
things, it is probable that Mulai Hafed
would have ceased pretending long ago.

Marakesh is an important city south of
Fez. It is the place where a French doctor
was murdered about six wees agu, causing
the French Government to seize the Mo-
roocan frontier town of Oudjda. The
proclamation of Hafed az Sultan in that
town marks @ gain for him in giving him
the allegianve of « larger number of nomad
tribes and numerous towns. Jt does not
materially affect the Sultan's hold on the
ospital and hie own territory.

FUSILLADE FROMTHE ELEVATED

Boy Whe Made a Target of Lanippests
Gathered In by the Police. |

William H. Post, 18 years old, of 151 West
Ninetieth street, got.on. a p
Comet en at ee late |
night @8 s00n as the n in ution
went out on the reay ale ee
car and began shooting at the street lamps
as they flashed by below, When the guards
on the train tried to step him Post threat-
‘ened to take them for targets and thoy
let him alone,

Passengers in the car counted more than
fifty shots from Fiftieth street to Ninety-
third, where Post left the train. Two of
the passengers followed Post down to the
street and they told Policeman Mullen
of the West 100th etreet. station about the
pistol practice. Mullen followed Post and
between Ninety-first and Ninety-second
streets saw him pull out his revolver and
take a shot at a lamp post.

Mullen drew hit own revolver and held
Post up while he disarmed him. When
searched at the station house Post's pockets
worse found to be well filled with loose car-
tridges and there wet® two full bores

When Post had been locked up the police
started down the line to find if anyone had
been hit. At a late hour they had been
unable to find any targets which the bullets
had reached.

HELD THE WRONG COUPLE.

Jersey City Pellce Release Mr. and Mrs.
Adams—Man Wanted is Out West. .

The polloe of Jersey City yesterday
let go Abram Adame and his wife, who
were Aletained by them on Saturday be-
cause it was believod that they were per-
sone wanted by the Sheriff of Kent county,
Mich. The New Jersey police had an idea
that Adams was M. C. Ranney, who is
charged with passing @ forged check on
a hotel proprietor in Grand Rapids. Adams
looks a great deal like Ranney and & de-

 

 

 

 

CAPT. WEOAMELL HAS A ALISHAP,

Thrown Out of His Wagon ahd Loves Hie
Herse for a While.
Police Captain John J. Wormell of the
Prospect Park station in Brooklyn was
thrown out ict wagon after-
noon just as he wae turning into ¢
sede Prenpass Posy Wan ef tee Pak been
entrance. The horse got frightened and
Cam. Wormell received the tumble when

be
basin tas Sewn “Pepe Papa
Weet at a t t. kn “4 down tho
t

pedestrians, but on ght wri riheae
gno.set not pion hey if he sor the

ern Parkway, The horse and wagon
sant from the Téee wit a
soratob. Capt. Wor received oontu-
sions op hie cheek and forehead, but re-
mained on duty. .

 

 

Langeheremen's Birtke Bying Out.
The backbone of the strike of longshore-
men at tho piers of the American and Red
tear steamship companies was broken
yesterday, we of the strikers applying for
4 .

 

i aid fi
fa Shae
ae SRE, fae

    
 
  
 

_—_—

   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
 
 
  
 
   

+NEW YO

Nee a

‘GIRL DROWNBD IN PARK POND |

It is known that Andrew Carnegie has
entertained tho idea of financing a peace
mission to the republics south of Mexico,
and South Americans here werttold yester-
day that Diego Mendoza, formerly Colom-
bilan Minister at Washington, ia going on

  

 

SWANBOAT TIPS OVER, SLIDING
TEN ‘INTO SHALLOW WATER,

 

Mery Marphy, Caught Under Seats, Is Found
Later Head Down tn Maé—Driver Says
Girly Were Skylarking and He Turned
Sharply te Get Back to the Fieat.

The Fifty-ninth street duck pond in
Central Park, where the water is leas thah
five feet deep and thé hottom is covered
with conorete, got a victim yesterday out
of a swanboat party of ten.

A ton sudden turn of the ewanboat tipped
the planking, to which the four seats aro
eeoured, off into the water. lt was thought
that all the ridera had been rescued and
it was not until some moments lator that
it was found thet Mary Murphy, 17 years
old, of 247 Rast Forty-fifth etreet, was not
among those fished out of the water, The
resouers, returning, found the girl fastencd
head down underneath the overturned
planking. Her head was stuck in the thin
coating of mud which eiffs down on the
concrete, If she was not actually dead
then, at any event, some crude first aid
work before an ambulance arrived did not
revive her.

Thomas Lee, who was in charge of the
swanboat, went away immediately after
the accident, but was arrested later. Arnold
Tisch, the concessionaire of the swanhdats,
was also locked up. Tisch has had the con-
cession for sixteen years. Lee worked for
him for three seasons. ;

The swanboats, so called, are carelessly
ut together. A catamaran, made of two

“airtight tin hulls, supports the planking,

an inch thick, to which\are fastened four
stall benches, eaactiy like park benches,
except that they are all of wood. There is
no device for k the planking in posi-
tion on the hulls. ere is nothing to stop
it from sliding off. The ewanboat is driven
by a kioker in the rear, worked bioycle
fashion by the feet of the man in charge.
A ewanboat will hold twelve adult per-
sons, three to a seat. Tisch said that he
sometimes sent out sixteen small children,
and that @ swanboat could hold that many
without danger. The police say that after
the boat tipped over yesterday three young
men got out of the water and ran away.
In that oaee the boat was ayercrowded,
John Conlin and a son, John, Jr., of 840
Oakland street, Brooklyn; Philip Wilker
and Charlotte Herman of 257 Second

were ekylarking. Lee decided that he
ought to turn around and go back. It was
at Sixty-third street that he made tho
mancuvre.

The hundreds of persons along the walks
and on the East Drive and the bridle paths
could see what followed. They and the
ocoupants of the other five swanboats on

overboard. The planking turned over and
Lee and his ten passengers were in the
water. Some one ran back to tell Tisch,
and he and two other men got out in a boat.
When they got to where the accident had
happened they figured out that all were
safe.

The passengers were standing in the
water, which did not come up to the heads
of any of them except little John Conlin,
whom his father held in his arms. The
passengers were piled into the boat and
taken to the float. It was not until they
got there that the excited involuntary.
bathers noticed that Mary Murphy was
missing. .

“Where's Mary?” caliéd out Veronica
Patton:

Tisch hurried back with his mén. They
saw then a piece of the girl's skirt floating
out from under the planking. They did
their quickest work getting the girl out
and instead of taking her to the float they

Lee returned to his home about 9:4

Hefferan of the Odntral

was locked up if the Rast ~seventh
street police station, Me ssid that when
the ewan boat made the quick turn the girls

in the back erate ‘the wrong way
and that in bie the planking
on the side, Lee the girle were aky-
larking and his fear of made him

turn back.

 

RK, MONDAY, M

PACIFIER CARNEGIE -

the jargert departments
Toohnical schools.

 

 

   

   

AY. 6, 1907,—conrien, ion,

this errand at @. coat of $25,000 a year.

They heard aleo that Prof. Vv. R. Shepherd
of Columbia was going with Sefior Mendoza,
but that is not so. Sefior Mendoza was the
only tépresentative of South Anierica at the

recent peace congress in thie city and he

was not appointed to it by the Government

of Colombiu, but attended in hie capacity of

Congreseman of that country. Ho also was
one of the speakers at the conference at
Carnegie Hall. It is not likely that Seftor

Mendoza will call officially on President
Castro of Venezuela and it is definitely cer-
tain that he will not go to his own country
and endeavor to enroll President Reyes as a
member of Mr. Carnogie's Association of
Consiliation. ¢ .

The reason for Sefior Mendoza's omission
of Bogota from his itinerary ia one of self-
preservation. About a year ago, about the
time he retired from the ministership at
Washington, Sefior Mendoza had a rather
Unpleasant exchange of correspondence
and made public in several letters written

Mr.
the International Conciliation Society.
But the friends say he is to receive his ex-

penses, but no salary.
Sefior Mendoza is to visit among the
southern republics, acquainted with

the principal men do what he can to

épread the ideas of the Interparliamentary
Union. To further this work he hag trans-

 

F. W. Wertheimer, proprietor of the
Fairfax Hotel, Norfolk, Va., was found

   

in Norfolk were notified.

OLDER THAN ROMULUS.

Traces of & Great City on the Site of Rome
Before Roman Pays.
Special Cable Despatch to Tus Sux.

Panis, May 5.—Information has been
received here from Rome of new arob-
soolégical discoveries on the Palatine Hill
which tend to confirm by new evidence the
hypothesis advanced gome years ago by
Giacomo Boni, director of the Forum ex-
cavations, that a people much more ancient
than the earliest Romans ¢o far recognized
once occupied the site of Rome.

Signor Boni, who has sucosssively un-
covered vestiges of the empire, republic
and kingdom, has found along the Via
Sacra tombe in the form of wells, with pot-
tery, jewelry, amulets and skeletons, which
he believes are of a people who lived much
anterior to the Romans properly so called.

The discoveries have caused many ocon-
troversies. The utmost admitted was that
some people had occupied the territory
prior to the time that Romulus and Remus
are reputed to have founded the Eternal
City. Reoently excavations of the Palatine
Hill havé brought to light sepuichres of
great antiquity, apparently sustaining
Signor Boni’s contentions. There are
tombe in the form of wells like those of the
Forum, and seemingly they belonged to the
most primitive inbabitants of the Palatine
acropolis,

 

~

 

ONE BRICKLAYING CLASS PUPIL,

Carnegie Tech. Schoo! Is Spending S21 a
Day for Mis insiraction.
Pirverrt+a, May 4.-One lone student
ie now having the exclusive benefits of the
adhool of bricklaying, intended ae one of
of the Carnegie

 

While all the other departments are ever:
run with etndenta, Deniel Chisholm, who
pays @ tuition of 10 centa a day, is the only
atucient entéred in the bricklaying clas.

Every day he receives the iasiructian
of the $16 a dew brioklaying professor and
the $6 a dny oxpert journeyman bricklayer.

‘The class builds hrick walls, and when the
task in completed the teachers beip him
tedr them down. in the meanwhile the
children's departments of the Carnetie
Libraty are Closed, the trustees say, because
thd olty cur $80,000 from the tbrary anpro-
peiatiod this yéar,

NEGRO SAVES SEVEN AT FIRE,

Carries Woman aid ad O14 Man Down a
 Ledder Almost Unsided.

BLoomrietp, N. J,, May 5.—Thomas
Masoh, a negro, daved seven persons from
& fire which destroyed ‘a double house,
octupied by four families, in Railroad
avenue early thie morning.

When the etairway wae burning be got
a@ ldddor apd almost unaided carried out
Mre. Philin Wilson and her two daughters,

Albert Ryness and bis wife, as
Berman and Mfs, naked
per, ape ee 1 Oe floor. ©

 

 

  

   
   
  
   
 
  
 
 

 

by The Sen Printing and Publishing ‘Assactation: ©

in Orange County—*Mirv. Gniith for the
First Time Occupying Whitney House
It May Be Gold Back to the Whitneys.

The Eastern Express, bearing the body
of James Henry Smith, who died in Japan
on his wedding tour, came into the elevated
station of the New York Central at 126th
street lest night at 847 o'clock. The tra'n
does not usually stop et 125th street, but a
special stop was made lest night to allow
Mre. Smith, who appeared to be very weak,
and other ladies of the funeral party to
get out and ayoid the ride back uptown
from the depot.

Mrs. Smith, the Duchess of Manchester
and Miss Anita Stewart were all in deep

avenue.

The reporters were invited to go down
to the Grand Central on Mr. Zimmerman’s

them
“Mr. Smith died at 8:15 o’clook on the night
of March 21 from Bright's disease and penu-
monis. He waa sick about twelve days,

recov re young man struck her, and when she came
ra to her husband was etending over her

EERE:
a

“The body will be taken to the residence
at 871 Fifth avenue immediately. The
ladies of the party will aleo stay at the

!
:

3
:
3

tiés with a will that you do here,
but I suppose that after the services on

to those interested before it is sent to Tuxedo
. Smith stood the long journey
inneed of rest, as ali of us are,
and now I think I’ve said all there is to say.”

At the Grand Central Sir George and
Cooper, George Eddy and Herman
8. Le Roy met the party. Lady Cooper
drove to 871 Fifth avenue.

William Rhinelander Stewart, Jr., said
that this was the firet time his mother,
Mrs. Smith, had ever occupied the Whitney
*L went through it for the first
time myself the other day,” he said. “We
will probably not keep the house, but I
suppose that ie provided for in the will.”

He intimated that the house might be
eold back to the Whitney family. The
car containing the coffin was unsealed.
The coffin rested in one end of the car, which
was draped entirely in black. On it lay a
floral ctose which was put there by Mrs.
Smith. A heavy truck was required to
curry the coffin away, and it took an hour
and a half to load it om the truck which
stood in Depew place. One difficulty was
that a newspaper flashlight frightened the
horses

Mr. Smith married Mrs, William Rhine-
lander Stewart on September 15 last at
Newtonmore, the Soottish estate. of An-

ul

g
~
y
&
<
2
g
z
ona Dak lap Aen all naa cage iS eine lee a

SE2EF

§

  
  

 

Meatiroad Commissioner
| Yownmns, N. Y., May 5.—Burglars entered

   
  
  
 
 
 

Witth Avenue Baptlet Hes Another
Novelty Bestdes ite Pastor.

 

ATIVES ASSEMBLED FOR THE " | pasacune Vien ®
FUNERAL ON TUESDAY. The Fifth Avenue Baptiat Churoh,

Wii to Be Opened ihe Game Day and Fiied | militant by hanging out an electric sign Makes No Apology for the §

which John D. Rockefeller is a member,
has responded to the cry, that churches be

 

at its gate to attract passeréby.
bly this action-ts due to the young
minister, C. F. who has lately
pastor. The oburch is on Forty-sixth

by churches to inorease their

at this time on account of the erection of a

The sign is about three feet wide and six

Baptist Church.” Though not so very

ing down Fifth avenué.

 

 

° : of one man.
was not taken off the train

two months, left their apartment on the
fourth floor of 154 Fast 128d etreet yester-
day afternoon and went for a walk, Re-
turning Bray stopped in a store on
the corner and told his wife to go ahead.

When Mrs. Bray got to the flat ahe found
the door open. A husky young man was
walking about inside.

“Why, see who's here,” said Mrs. Bray
half ‘to herself. ,

“le’s all right. Your piace has heen
robbed and the janitor sent me up to look
at it,” replied the husky young man.

“I think that you did the robbing yourself
and I am going for a policeman,” replied
Mrs. Bray, but before she got.started the

way the Duke of Manchester

and the young man was gone. When the
Brays looked about they found that jewelry
worth about $140 was minsing.

PRINCESS TAKING MEASLES.

 

 

Ming Alfense’s Sister Catches the Disease
Frem Her Hasband.
Special Cable Despatch to Tae Sun.
Maprip, May 6.—The Infanta Maria
Teresa is fll, and it is feared that she has
contracted measles from her husband, the

the disease a few days ago.

Both patients are completely
from the other members of the royal family.
The Infanta Maria Teresa is the only sister
of King Alfonso, r

y ‘ ®
FALLS FROM ROLLER COASTER.

 

 

 

 

  

 

The Duke and Mr. Zimmerman were | Coney in that the Kingdom of
in saying that there would be no |\ His face and hands were badly this diocese I have deposed
dispute among Mr. Smith's relatives about | and his back was wrenched, but the requeat f.
The only réasori none of the | at the North Hudgon Hospital in
met the party in Chicago was | Hill could find no broker! bones.
were al) here except Mrs. Béatrice insanity should always '
Smith of Evanston, Ill., who is 83 years old ATLANTIC CITY DRY. é¢xouse for immorality.
hat no heir to the fortune was ;
All the Bosrdwalk Cafes Forced te Ciese
adele de Pb BE tps ‘ on @unday. and adulterers to go un
nothing,” the Duke. “It was! ariawric Crtr, N. J., May 6—This city
here by Sir George Cooper and is, | was “dry” to-day. The lid was put on at
suppose, in the hands of the executors. | midnight and policemen stood. guard over
probated in Orange County im- | every guapected place all day and reported
after the funeral. You see in | to headquarters every hour. be-esid. In the first

through the same | ‘The order to close was tesued last night
by the Mayor as a result of the crusade
started by réformers two weeks ago. Mem-
bers of the Royal Arch Organization of
Saloon Keepers agreed on the policy of
closing and agente of the organization |-
were on hand to assist the police in en-
forcing the order.

The cafés on the beach front cut off all
orders for drinks at midnight, but the crowd
took the matter good naturedly and filed
out when they found that the order was not
to be dodged. The big Old Vienna posted
@ sign to the effect that “Afternoon tea"
would be served to-day. Many of the big
hotels even refused to serve with dinners
wines ordered yesterday.

Saloon men were responsible for many
amusing ns. “If you must have it,
bring it with you,” said one, while another
posted to face the Boardwalk sald: “You
never miss the water till you can't get it
on the side.” ij ;

Promenaders entertained themselves by
watching newcomers try to get a nip and
giving them the laugh when they failed.

will will be read at the house

triumph.

preaches the

 

MRS, LONGWORTH DRENCHED.

 

President's Daughter, Her Husband and
Party Lest While Auteing in the Rain.
Lewrsvitte, May 5.—Mres. Alice Roosevelt

Longworth, her husband and party, who left

for this city to-day in order to
attend the Derby to-morrow, were lost for
several hours late thie evening.

In two big touring cars, they ran into a
series of misfortunes on the way which
caused such a delay that friends at thie
end of the line became alarmed. .

Covered with mud and drenched, they
reached their hotel here at 10 P. M., having
been on thé road since noon, with the ex-
ception ofa stop for luncheon at Versailles.

Breakdown after breakdown wore the
party out and when darkness came a
heavy, chilly rain augmented the discom-
fort.

Ex-Mayor Julius Fleisohmann and wife
or Cincinnati ere members of the party.

NON-MEAT EATERS DEGENERATE,

Young Men of German Province Unimt te
‘. Be Soldiers.
Spectal Cole Despaich to Tax Sox,

Beruin, May 5.—Some curious statistics
were gleaned in southern Baden during
the recent enrollment of recruits. In the
Lindav and Allgan districts out of 604 young
men liable to service only twenty were found
to be up to the physical of the mili-
tary authorities. Two hundred and eeven-
teen were placed on the doubtful list, and
the unusual number of 867 were put aside

whole

and wealthy
on the one

  

     
   
  
 
 

 

‘Lhe Bishop

 
 

 

    
   
   
  
   
  

oounty. ' th’s
at Tux

Rockwell Rebbed,

 
 
 
 
 
 

firet place, to the dearness of meat and the | the one hand

  

e

ei
pie H
Fesehak Sanagekel wb ia eke Fs

7 *;

   

paibeat © iasioner | article of food, ie now carefully collected | can be made of Society,
ot ni Witz, | for the cheese factories, their physique | with a big
- has sunk to # dangerously low level, sive to the
| 4 Tile principal food for years has. been | gloet

“PRICE TWO CHT.

PUNBRAL PARTY HERE] #2076 ste* o¥ cHPmeH BISHOP CALLS COOKE TRAITOR

 

ELOPING.
RECTORS PUErIT. oe

but Gays the Clergy @ the Main Takes
English Ite Color From the / big
becouse " Net Present, but tthe itehop Calis on Mer
treet, a few doors from Fifth avenue, and {| Bishop Frederick Burgess of the Long
thle innovation 1p the methods adopted Island diocese of the Bpissopal Church;
preaching yesterday morning frém the pul-
tions is particularly needed by thie church | + of st. George's Chiifoh {i Hempstead,
new building ahd construction shed’ next branded the Rev. Jere Kndde Cooke, the

7 and formally

to it, which shut off the view of the church | missing reetor, as 4
from the migistry.

announced bis deposi:
.. It was a straight out talk by the Bishop.
foot lane pune, Nests Wie Bot Fifth Avenue |p. aidn't attempt ‘to apologize tor’ the
glaring, itahines out brightly in the everting | Teotor’s disappearsince with  Flonétts,
and attracts the attention of people walk- | Whaley, his ‘seveytesn-year-old orphet —

. ward, even on a of unsound | my
But he did appeal ta the public not tofjudge
YOUNG WIFE FOUND A BURGLAR, | or rather misjudge, the clergy by the aot
gation, which ie @ne of the wealthiest for
ite size in the coubtry, just what he thought

:

3

é

i :
pe ceee® ' E ope
Brey TNE

5
&

iH jl

and deeds the Church of Christ would —

“History that would set offone claés of
men as free from the temptations that come
Ato others isfalse. Toerrishuman. Never
theless, we do believe that there is a purify-
ing grace and powertin holy orders, and
it is seldom that dark scandal and a hideous
sin are to be found among the ministry of
the Church. And when they do come,
horror with whioh they are
the unusualness of the event ”

Bishop Burgess said that there
tendency among some pedple to be
tious in regard to the ministry.
ple bad a right to demand of «

lieve the creed of

eesee® §;

upright; that he
Church without mental’ reserva’
accept the interpretation.of its doctrines.
“1 believe.” said the Bishop, “that it
far better that ecvlesingtical trials be
plied one hundred fold rather than
infidelity and immorality should
the ranks of the Churoh's trusted
But because one sin happens here or.
we not grow unoharitable toward the
. Mark my words, the ministers
of this country as a whole are men doing
their work with self-sacrifice and modesty
and sinoerity of heart, seeking always to
meet the complex demands in this age—an
, in which the worship
to the very extreme

, with a syoophanoy

s

fiz

age full of
cmos oe crae

i

adulation that
of every self-
the other band with a socialistic envy
hatred which threaten’ the very destruo-
tion of our country.”

z
Es

search deep do
“Let each ome,” he said, “ask himesif

there
or crooked in thy business? I¢ there in my
home life eny cruelty or sensuality? Have

F

g

district were at one time among the most | the citadel’of God, is being attacked
robust in the empiré, but owing, in the | fiercely than ever before by infidelity on

fact that milk, which once was a staple | Dark and fearful is th