VOL, LXXIV.—NO, 100,

PLANS FOR AUTO: PARKWAY.

 

Ww. K. VANDERBILT, JR., OUTLINES
THEM AT CLUB DINNER.

 

™ Maiden Speech He Describes the Sixty
Mile Stretch ef Oiled Road Where
Speed Limits Wil] Be Unknewn—P. F.
Marphy Speake fer the Horsemen,

William K.' Vanderbilt, Jr., making his
debut as an after dinner speaker last night
at the annual dinner of the Automobile
Club of America at Sherry’s, roused the
enthusiasts to loud bonk honks of delight
sn painting the picture of an automobilists’
paradise which is acon to be in working
order on Long Island.

Mr. Vanderbilt told’ the clubmen and
their guests that within a short time
»peeders would have a parkway of their
own fifty milea long ‘through the centre
of Long Island, a parkway where fiends in
the shape of constables would be unknown.

His announcement of the completion of
the plans for the Long ‘Island Motor Park-
way was the feature of the dinner, except,
perhaps, the reapdénse of Patrick Francis
Murphy to the toast, “The Automobile From
the Horseman's Point of View.’ Mr.
Murphy talked about everything from the
simple spelling reform to race suicide.

It was the eighth annual dinner of the
‘lub, and the most pretentious that has yet
been given. It was held in the grand ball-
1oom of Sherry’s, and perhaps 700 attended.
‘the ballroom was draped with American
t'age and banners of the Automobile Club of

\merioa, and decorated with trophies of ;

automobile races.

Colgate Hoyt, the new president of the
club, was toastmaster. At his right sat
Gen. Horace Porter. William K. Vander-
hilt, Jr., donor of the Vanderbilt cup, was
it his left. Others who sat on the dais were
Police Commissioner Bingham, Dave Hen-
nen Morris, Albert R. Shattuck, a former
president of the club; Gen. George Moore
Smith, William Pierson Hamilton, W. 8.
Fanshawe, John E. Borne, J. B. R. Smith,
George F. Chamberiain, Gen. Nelson A.
Miles, Col. John Jacob Astor, the Rev.
Wilton Merje Smith, Dr. Schuyler Skaats
Wheeler. Charles Stuart Rolla, Cortland
F. Bishop, Henry A. Van Aistyne and Win-
threp EB. Scarratt.

President Hoyt, starting the speechmak-
ing. said: “The Automobile Club of America
has made greater strides the last year
than iv any year of its‘history. It has
Teached its limit of active membership—
) ,000-— and its associates and honorary mem-

bers bring ite roster up to 1,250. Our
finances are in a sound condition.”
In introducing William K. Vandertilt, Jr.,

Mr. Hoyt said:

“As the old Commodore, with hia gigantic
push and energy, knew nothing but success
on anything he undertook, so we now be
lieve that ble great-grandson, still working
along transportation lines, will be the means
of giving the automobilisis of this club and

of the State a broad highway in Long
Tstand.”

Most of those present knew that it was”
Mr. Vondertil’’s maiden after dinner .

and wher he got up to talk the automob}
men gave him a good ‘start, cheering for,
eevera’ minutos and waving handkerchiefs
and toasting him enthusiastically. Mr.
Venderpilt spoke for a few minutes only,
talking about the Long Island Motor Park-
way enterprise, of which he is president.
Mr. Vanderbilt said:

It gives me great pleasure in beLalf of
the Long Island Motor Parkway to respond
to your toast, It has been the dream af
every motorist to‘own @ perfect car and to
have a road without speed limit, and thanks
to the promptness with which a number of
rou have responded to our urgent appeal
the last named is about to be realized.

There is to be constructed a private right,
or way tor ugh the centre of Long Island,

ndi i) an easterly direction from the
te, a highway to be built on a 100 foot
right of way and having an approximate
widt) of fifty feet. Grade crossings far
both roibeays and bighways are to be elim-
inated ‘by the construction of bridges or
tunnels and the entire distance is to be fenced.
\coeaw and egresa to this boulevard will be
ebteined' at toll gates erected at intervals
oY about five miles, The surface of the road
will be either oiled or tarred and maintained
in first class order so that the motorist can
enjoy a ride without dust, without bumps
and, last but not least, have no interference
fron) the authorities,

\ charge will be raade for the use of the
parkway, from which it is estimated we, will
Leable io maintain, operate and pay the fixed
charges

The boul evard will give the manufacturer
the much needed place to. try his cars and
wi!) afford others the opportunity of driving

  
 

cily lim

with comfort to and trom their country
houses.
Muny leading hotel men have proposed

erecting hotels in the neighborhood of the
parkeay and these wil) assure the motorist
an opportunity of obtaining refreshment
en route

To give you an idea of the enthusiasm
evinced, i¢ is but necessary to etate that
twenty-five miles of the right of way have
already been donated and a large sum for the
construction subscribed.

Now, if we can prove to the public that a
company incorporated, constructed and
operated on a basis similar to ours is a pay-
ing investment we will not only have the
long Island Motor Parkway but roads of a
similar character extending to Philadelphia,
Albany, Boston and many other smaller
towns

Therefore, I feel that we should have the
financia! and moral support of all those inter-
ested in automobiling.

(jen. Horace Porter spoke to, the toast,
*The Automobile Abroad.” Gen. Porter
said be thought this was getting Frore and
tnore to be a negative country. “We have
telegrams without wires,” said he, “families
without children, carriages without horses,
and maybe some day we will have banquete
without speakers.” [Laughter and popping
of corks.)

He told the auto men that he was ‘gent as
Ambassador to France more because of the
Government's desire to increase its exports
than for any other reason, and then told a
few stories of automobiling in France and
Switzerland.

“I think the Swiss have a peculiar ob-
jection to automobiles,” said Gen. Porter.
“You know their farms are on the slant of
the mountain sides, and when automobiles
huzr by on the good hard roads below,
sometimes the simple Swiss gets scared and

falls off his farm, thereby getting in the |

wav of the auto and sometimes getting |
burt,

Gen. Porter told a story of a young English
curate who, on taking bis firet ride in a swift |

When in Washington. D.

 

ee

pad . sot

 

automobile, said with deep sincerity and

“I wish I had been run over before I
gave my heart to the Lord.”

The eyolution of the automobile was one

| of the most remarkable things of the present

time, Gen. Porter thought, and he believed

that the auto was to become a moet im-

portant element in the science of war.

Mr. Murphy, who always starts off the
Horse Show with a breezy talk at the
breakfast in Madison Square Garden, made
a talk which highly amused the automobile
men. He said

Automobilists start with best intentions;
there isa certain place (which shall be name-
less) “that is paved with good resolutions,”
and in automobile life “the ditches are filled
with after thoughts.”

Historic incidents are commemorated in
bronze and stone; why not obecrve moral
victoriés—a stone tablet inscribed:
spot an automobilist with his 120 torpedo
destroyer, tore off only one leg of a horse-
man, when he might easily have taken two"?

Human life ix full of anxieties of one sort or |

anothér. President Roosevelt has had an
attack of spelling reform. In English litera-
ture he is’the most famous man of letters.
Now he has another had spell—like all literary
men, he feels it isa disgrace to die rich,

Automobiles and women (God bless them)
are the two dearost things on earth. To
‘knock black and blue spots out of large for-
tunes the hustling head of our nation should
Join with the president of the Long Island
Motor Parkway, atid promote automobile in-
dustry. He should encourage all the expen-
sive luxuries of women, as well as the full
cradle. *Give a woman the luxuries of life—
‘she will dispense with the necessities. * Give
her only the necessities—her time is wasted
resorting to contrivances to conceal the fact—
like the woman whose husband complained of
ber bill# at the Turkish bath. She looked at
him with a patient air of resicnation and said,
“Where else can a woman go who has nothing
to wear?”

In the laws of compensation there ie no
loss without a gain. ‘The man who lost his |
home and fortune by the earthquake in San
Franciseo found comfort in adversity. He
said, and he said it exultantly, it was the
only accident that ever happened in the house
that his wife hadn't blamed on him.

The balloonist must be “the man higher
up"—for whom Jerome is looking. Jn the
near future the heavens will be filled witn
ships of commerce: sky pilots sailing through
the purpie twiligh!s--and no speed limit; and
at the close of each day's round of irritating
concerns and duties, we can enter our heav-
enly brougham and rise above ali earthiy
cares,

Ten years ago an automobilist was ex-
pected to perform the gymnastic feat of
running ahead with a red flag in one hand
and steering his machine with the other.
Fen years from now a speaker may be stand-
ing here, hie toast, “The airship from ean
automobilist’s point of view,” aad the seats
you occupy may be filled with navigators of
the air—now known as “bailoonatics.”

 

VANDERBILT AUTO PINCHED

W.K., Jr.. Gets to Tenderioin Station After
His Chauffeur Has Been Bailed Out.

Noel Flornay of 215 West 1li7th street,
employed as a chauffeur by William K.
Vanderbilt, Jr,, was arrested at Broadway
and Forty-second street yesterday after-
noon charged with speeding a touring car.
_P n Schneider of the traffic squad
fol the car up Seventh avenue and
timed_jt.from Fortieth to Forty-second
strect. It was going at the rate of twenty
| len an hour, he says. He nabbed Flornay

én he slowéd up to turn into Forty-second
street.

When Flornay was locked up in the Ten-
derloin. police station he sent out several
notes asking for a bondsman, About 6
o'clock William H. Morgan appeared and
furnished the necessary bond. A minute or
two after Flornay bad left with Mr. Morgan
the station house door opened slowly ani
a quiet man, accompanied by a messenger
boy, entered.

Sergt. McCaine was getting ready to turn
out the 6 o'clock platoon and didn’t look
up. The newcomer stood patiently, pulling
on a new pair of gloves, until the sergeant
noticed him.

“I’d-like to bail Noel Flornay,” said the

“He has been bailed by a Mr. Morgan,”
said the sergeant. “May I ask your name?”

“Vanderbilt,” was the reply. “Is every-
thing: all right?”

“Yes,” said the sergeant,
Vanderbilt, Jr.?”

“Yes,” said Mr. Vanderbilt. “Thank you,”
and calling the messenger boy he left. He
had gone to the station house in a hansom.

“William K.

SUCCESSOR TO VOORKIS.,

Mayor May Accept Anybody Else Selected
by Tammany.

Charles F. Murphy will cut short his stay
at Hot Springs, Va., and will be back in
this city to attend the meeting of the execu-
tive committee of Tammany Halil which
is to be called in a few days to name a Demo-
cratic candidate to succeed John R. Voorhis,
whose term as a member of the Board of
Elections expires at the end of the year.
Mayor McClellan has made it known that
he will not reappoint Mr. Voorhis because
of Mr. Voorhis’s vote to reject the recom-
mendations of the Board of City Record
as to the newspapers which should be
selected by the Board of Elections to publish
the election advertisements.

_Some of Mr. Murphy’s friends on the
executive committee are suggesting that
Mr. Voorhis should be indorsed in the belief
that whoever should be named as the selec-
tion. of the committee would be turned
down by the Mayor.

It ia understood, however, that at next
week’s meeting members who will be quali-
fied to speak for the Mayor will tell the
committee that while Col. McClellan may
have differences with Mr. Murphy he has
none with the organization and will inti-
mate that the Mayor will be ready to con-
sider any name sent to him by the com-
mittee outside of that of Mr. Voorhis.

SERVIA

 

 

 

WEAR REVOLUTION.

“Crown Prince's " Crucities May Cause a
Change of Dynasty.
Spectat Cable Desputch to Tae SUN

Lonpon, Dec. 8.—The unrest
is rapidly increasing and there is reason
to fear another dynastic upheaval in this
turbulent little kingdom in the near future
The plot to place a foreign prince on the
throne has entirely fallen through, but it
is being revived in a new direction

There is no danger of another regicide.
but it ie quite unlikely that King Peter
will long retain the throne, The .‘ories
about the Crown Prince and his cruelty
increase every day. Court functionarne
resign on the plea of ill heaith, but the

Crown Prince George is unendyrabie.

A startling bit of news this week is that
two gendarmes who were on duty at the
pelave — disappeared.

SS 1

 

 

raat Le to #lorida,
ine, large ships,
usic

Schoo, 811 way.—Ade

in Servie |

, truth soon leaks out that the conduct of |

com-
rooms

 

-_-—_————

 

BROOKLYN TUNNEL THROUGH.

CONNECTION MADE BY 65 FEET
OF TEN INCH PIPE.

 

 

 

Headings of North Tube Still 68 Feet Apart
but Will Meet In a Few Days-—HBores
Ceincide Almost Exactly—Through to
the Long Island Railroad Station.

Sandhogs working below the bed of the
East River added another chapter to New
York's underground history when they
bored yesterday, through the sixty-five
feet. intervening between the two headings
of the north tube of the pair of subway

 

, and put in a ten inch pipe that openeda
clear way through.

The tunnelling was begun in September,
1903, one end from the Bowling Green sia-
| tion of the Manhattan subway and the other
| from the {vot of Joralemon street, Brooklyn.

Yesterday when the headings of the north
tute had got so close the engineers, being
anxious to learn how nearly the levels
would check and how near the bores would

| meet along designed lines, ordered a ten
inch pipe driven through. This work took
up the better part of the day and was done
from the Manhattan end at a point a) ost
directly under the middle of the riverted. *
It was shortly after 8 o'clock when Fred-
erick Noble, division engineer of the Rapid
Transit Company, listening in the Brooklyn
chamber, heard a throbbing against the
head wall. Fifteen minutes later a part of
| the Brooklyn heading caved in with a whiza
; and a roar and the friendly end of the 1)
inch pipe poked through within a tenth of
an inch of the spot where it was sup-
posed to iit. The mud and sani were
quickly brushed off the end of the pipe
and the wooden plug was battered out.
Already a voice was calling anxiously
through it:

“Hello, Brooklyn! Hello, Brooklyn!
you Brooklyn!”

It was Thomas J. Brown, general super-
intendent in charge of the work.

Noble returned the greeting, which
sounded with a roar upon the ears of the
listeners at the other end owing tu the in-
tensified preasure of the air. Workers

in both tunnels raised all sorts of cheers
and shouts. Lvyerybody wanted tw talk
and peer into the iron pipe at once, In
the eacitement it uever occurred to either
side to ask how near the business had
checked out. Maybe if it had not been
for a wager that Noble had with Brown
the mitter would have been forgotten en-
tirely, This suddenly dawned upon Brown
and, pushing aside a squad of men, he
learned to his joy in one way and his sorrow
in another that he had lost; for his opinion
had been that the two bores would misfit
by at least one-tenth of a foot,

“Boys,” shouted out Noble when he
learned the good news, “you'll not only
have the honor of connecting New York
and Brooklyn, enough. glory for any man
to hand down to his chikirery but there: is
a treat coming to everybody, and it won't
be dry either.”

Word was sent to D. L. Hough, président
of the New York Tunnel Company, the
builders. Hough was from Missouri, he
said, and came down on the Jump to look
the Job over. He was grinning from ear
to ear last night and said be was never
more tickled in his life. Everything was
perfectly satisfactory, Hough said, and
the two shields proper ought to meet some
time early next week, as they were making
a combined headway of about twenty feet
a day. When they meet there will Le a
celebration to which Mayor McClellan,
Borough Presidents Ahearn and Coler and
the members of the Rapid Transit Com-
mission will be invited,

The south tube, if nothing blocks the
present work, will be joined up in about
six weeks. The north tube has always
been in advance of the south tube, as it is
believed to be bad practice to drive the two
tubes abreast.

With the tubes that were joined up yester-
day and the other work thus far completed
there isa continuous tunnel from the F'lat-
bush avenve railway station to the ter-
rmunals of the Manhattan subway.

 

wh,

i a

 

JAIL FOR LESE CIGARETTES,

They Were the Austrian Impertal Brand
—Senrence, Four Months.
‘Sm cial Cable Despatch to THe SUN.

VIENNA, Dec. 8.--The correspondent of
the Milan Secolo vouches for an extraor-
dinary case of lése majesté at Lemberg,
Galicia, The accountant of an industrial
establishment, whose brother is a well
known Polish artist, entered & tobacconist's
to purchase cigarettes. Having bought
some of the brand Emperor Franz Josef
affecta the buyer found himself without
maney.

He told the tobacconist somewhat
brusquely that he would pay him the next
day. The tobacconist retorted that im-
perial cigarettes were not sold on credit.
An altercation ensued and it wound up by
the customer throwing the cigarettes on
the counter with the exclamation:

“The imperial cigarettes may go to the
devil!”

Some days afterward the accountant
was summoned to the district court, where
he was charged with having spoken dis-
resyectfully of the Emperor. A case of lése
majesté was made out, and the accountant
| was sentenced to four months imprison-
| ment.

He sent a petition to the Emperor, which
| unfortunately fell into the hands of the

Archduke Franz Ferdinand, who is 4 great
ie for imperial: privileges. He re-
|

ee ee

fused to mitigate the sentence and the un-
fortunate man went to jail.

 

 

To Reduce Atiantic Mail Time.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN

Loxpon, Deo, 8.--John Henniker Hea-
ton, M. P., the author of many im-
provements in postal arrangements, will

ask the Postmaster-General in the House
of Commons on December if whether be
will make Fishguard Harbor on the north
Pembroke coast a place of call for mail
boats. To do so will enable American
and other mails to be delivered in London
i six hours less time than now.

Fishguard is the Great Weatern
way's new port for Ireland.

Rail-

Latesi Marine Intelitgenoe.
\rrived Ss Falsertn Sucuste *"tetoria, Hamburg,
| Now. 24, s» Advance, Colon, Dec, s; 66 Etruria,
Live: pool: Dec. 1

 

 

HE 20171 CENTU RY LIMITED.
TO CHICAGO IN bs hwoURSs.

Leaves New York 3.80 p. m., arrives Chicago 8:9
next morning —a Alght's ride by the NEW YORK
CENTHAL LINES, “America's Greatest allroad,”
“ dozen othe: fast trains to Chicago and Si, Loula

 

 

| HEARST’S MINERS TO sTRIRE. |

“On this | twanels between Manhattan and Brooklyn |

 

Soldters Ordered to Be Ready to Prot
Homesiake Preperty and Non-Union —
Drapwoop, 8. D., Dec. 8.—The State

militia in all parts of South Dakota has

been ordered to prepare for a labor war’

in the Black Hills, and the soldiers have

been ordered to be ready to entrain within |
' two hours alter the call is issued.

The trouble is at the great Homestake
gold mine, owned by William Randolph
Hearst and his mother, which bas been run
non-union.

The Homestake employs 2,500 miners,
and the whole Dlac* Hills region is to a great
extent governed by this mine. If a labor
war begins in the Homestake all other
mines in the Blac’: Hills will be close 1.

The Homestake mine has never been
unionized, despite the vaunted union sen-
timents of its owners, and the Black Hills

 

 

 

 

+NEW YORK, . SUNDAY, DECEMBER. 9 1906.-« copyright, 190%, by The Sun Printing and Publishing Association,

SHE SUES T. ROOSEVELT PELL.

BOARDING Hot SE KEEPER SAYS
HE PROMISED MARRIAGE,

 

 

Mr. Pell Will Fight the Snit to a Finish,
Following the Advice of His Father.
In-Law, Edwin 8, Cramp—A Scene

Created in 8, Osgood Pell & Co.'s OMice.

Alma Robert, who keeps a boarding house
at 28 West Forty-sixth street, brought a

j suit in the Supreme Court yesterday de-

son-in-law of Edwin 8.
| delphia shipbuilder.

manding $15,000 damages from Theodore
Roosevelt Pell, the young tegpis expert, a
Cramp, the Phila-
She alleges breach of

| promise of marriage.

Pell, who is 23 years old and has been

(is the only mining district in the West | married for about three years, lives at 127
| East Sixty-first street. He is in the real

where the miners work nine hours; also, |
the wazes are less in the Black Hills than
in other gold camps.

estate business with his brother, who is

Gradually the Homestake miners have | head of the firm of S. Osgood Pell & Co.,
joined the union, until to-day there are | 637 Fifth avenue, 38. Osgood Pell said yes-

1,000 union miners at work.
have demanded union pay and union hours,
and the Western Federation of Miners is
backing the demands, with instructions to
strike if they are not granted.

The mine officials have given it out that
they will never grant the union demands,
but will close down rather than submit to
union rules.

The Federation officials have notified the
miners that if they don’t strike their charter
will be suspended. For two weeks the mine
officials have been preparing the mine for
a fight. Barricades have been erected,
bulkheads constructed where there is water
in the mine, and everything put in fighting
shape.

Tue feeling hus become so bitter that a
clash is expected hourly between wie mine
guards aud the unious and the Sheriff has
Lotiled the Governor that he cannot main-
tain order ii trouble breaks out, as the
sentiment is so overwhelmingly with the
miners that he cannet get a loyal posse.

Students at the State University at Ver-
million have been notified by telegraph tu
be prepared to join their companies on
Sunday if called upon.

The situation grave, although the
present trouble is the first for twenty-
eight years. If the mines ciose thousands
of rough men will be idle, and a clash with
the law will undoubtedly occur.

Is

 

COOLEW'S NOMINATION HELD UP.

May Not He Heported From Senate Ju-
dictary Comittee at This Session.

WASHINGTON, Dec. 8.—The nomination of
Alfred W. Cooley of Westchester, former
Civil Service Commissioner, to be Assist-
ant Attorney-General may not be reported
from the Senate Committee on the Judiciary
at this session of Congress. There is a con-
viction in the minds of some of the Senators
on the committee that Mr. Cooley, who is
a young man, has not bad the experience
in the actual practic? of law to equip him
for the important ottfice to which the Presi-
dent bas assigned bim. It was said to-day
that the committee would make a tor-
ough and searching inquiry into Mr. Cool-
ey'’s legal experience and qualifications
before acting.

“No adverse report is contemplated, but
it is altogether probable,” said a member
of the committee, “that no report will be
made on the nomination this session.”

Mr. Cooley is one of the coterie of young
men in official life who has enjoyed the
President's friendship and confidence to a
marked degree. He has acted for the Presi-
dent in conducting a number of important
investigations into the conduct of certain
public officers. His latest work in thie
line was the investigation of Willis Moore.
chief of the Weather Bureau, who was
reprimanded by Secretary Wilson at the
direction of the President as the result of
Mr. Cooley’s report.

Senator Platt called on the President
this morning to inquire about the nom-
ination of Mr. Cooley to be Assistant
Attorney-General. Mr. Cooley comes from
Westchester county and as he is a personal
friend of the President Mr. Platt was not
consulted in the appointment.
came from the White House the Senato:
seid:

“Mr. Cooley will be confirmed. There |
was a little difficulty about the nomina-
tion, but it is all right now.”

--——

VERMONT WINS IN HARD TEST,

Battleship in a Rough Sea and Freezing
Weather Fulfils Requiremnts.

Boston, Doc. 8.-The new battleship
Vermont arrived in the harbor early this
evening encased in ico from stem to bridge
after completing successfully a four hour
speed test and a twenty-four hour endur-
aance run, in addition to the usual steering
and backing tests.

The warship was tried under the most
severe werther conditions, the weather
being freezing cold, while a «tif gale of
wind stirred up a rough sea,

On the speed trial the Vermont made an
average of 18.33 knots an hour for four
hours, as required by contract, and aver-
aged 17.43 knots an hour during the twenty-
four hour endurance run, developing 14,500
horse-power.

TREASURED PICTURE

 

 

BURNED.

“Assumption,” by Pe Cracyer,, Was
Church of St, Josse, Brussels,
Special Cable Despitch to THK SUN

Rrrsse.s, Dec. 8.--UVuring a fire in the

Church of St. Josse to-day a painting repre-

senting the Assumption by the Flemish

painter Gaspar de Craeyer, valued at $12,000,
was burned. Some reports say the picture
was tcvally destroyed.

 

Gaspar de Craeyer was born in Antwerp |
He was a pupil of Raphael Coxie ,
He painted chiefly in Brussejs |

in 1582.
at Brussels.
and Ghent.
temporary of Rubens,
charm of thought in his compositions, tv-
ether with vigor and boldness of design

here are twenty altar pieces by hin in
Brussels and Ghent, The injured picture i«
not listed as one of bis best exvamples,

He died in 1669. He was acon-

Lt TESTU. Ss. EIGHT HOURLAW

 

 

Contractors, Fined 6460, Will Take € ace tc

the Supreme ¢ ourt.
Crncrwnatl, Dec. 8.—The Sheridan-K irk
Contract Company, build.n
ment dam at Culiom’s Ripp e, near Fon
bank, was tined $500 andl costa by Judge
‘Lnompson in Luited States Lustcict Court
to-day for violating the eight hour law.
‘ne company got a stay of execu
tion in order to carry the care fo the United
State. Circuit Court on an appeai, I! the
compuny loses the case in. the ap; pellate
court it Intends to carry it to U nited. States
Supreme Court
DEWEY'S © DARE’ rs ‘oR “OL v ‘BU RGUNDY
Taken with your meals enriches tne biood,
BR. 7. Dower & Sons Co., 188 Fulton St.. New Yoru,

|

When he;

These méa __ terday on behalf of his brother:

“There is not the slightest basis for this
suit. These are the facts in the case.
About six months ago Miss Robert came to
our firm and asked if we could not assist
her in finding a suitable house for her to
run as a boarding house. We delegated
Theodore to show her the houses on our list
that might be suitable for her purposes.
Theodore ran around for some time with |
her in the effort to find a houge to suit her.
Finally she got the house in West Forty-
sixth street, but not through us.

“Theodore did noi see anything of her
after that until one day she sent him a note
asking bim to come over and call on her.
Thinking this was in connection with
some business matter he went. She told
him that she was in a delicate condition
and asked him to be kind enough to write
down the name of some doctor to whom
she could go. He asked her why she ap-
plied to him for this. She said, oh, because
she trusted him. Theodore remembered
that while he was going about with her
looking for a house she had asked him
if he wasn't the young man who had
married the daughter of Mr. Cramp. He

refused to write down the name of a doctor |

or anything else. A couple of weeks later
she came to the office and raised a disturb-
ance and we had to have her put out.

“Theodore asked me what ought to be
done about the matter, I told him, ‘Well,
the first thing we'll do is tell the whole
business to Mr. Cramp.’ We told Mr.

Cramp about it and he agreed with us that
we'd fight the thing through to the end and
refuse to give the woman a cent.

“Lhat was about five months ago. Since
then her lawyer has been demanding dam-
ages. The filing of the suit is the upshot
of the matter. My brother is entirely in-
nocent and it seems a shame that a young
married man can’t be secure against the
bringing of a suit like this in this city.”

Miss Robert, it was said at her place,
was not at home. She is said to be about
85 years old. Her lawyer ie Julius J. Michael
of 12 East 107th street. Mr, Peil's attorneys
are Finck, Embree & Cobb, 135 Broadway.
Mr, Embree eaid that he could not discuas
the suit, but would have a statement to give
out on it later.

The defendant is very distantly related
to President Roosevelt. He was named
after the President’s father

OLD MINE KILLS TWO HUNDRED.

Russian Vessel Sunk Of Cape Manchuria”
—Panic After Explosion,

Vierorta, B. C., Dec. 8.-~Two hundred
lives were lost in the destruction of the
Russian steamship Varyagen, which was
blown up by a floating mine recently off
Cape Manchuria, according to passengers
from the Orient who have just arrived
here. The mine is thought to have been
adrift since the Russo-Japanese war.

The steamer was en route to Gongouz
Bay, and after leaving Vladivostok was
driven north by a northwest gale. The
course lay four miles north of the mine
field. When about four miles off Cape
Manchuria the stern struck a submerged
mine. The forward part of the vessel,
drawing ten feet, passed over the mine
without touching it, the mine exploding

 

| immediately upon contact.

The catastrophe was so sudden that no
boats could be got or steps taken to save
passengers, A panic resulted. From the

| moment of the explosion until the destruc-

 

tion of the vesse) not more than ninety
seconds elapsed, Of the entire complement |
of 250 passengers forty-seven were saved
and the rernainder perished, Of the crew
of twenty-three fourteen were saved.
Several Chinese junks arrived about
thirty minutes after the disaster and began
to rescue the half frozen people who were
floating about on wreckage over an area of
400 yards. Many families were left entirely
destitute at Viadivostok because of the loss
of parents in the disaster, A number of

 

prominent Russians were among the
drowne tl.
HUNT FOR MISSING LINK.

 

Woman to Head Subsidized Expedition to
Java Next Year.
Special Cable Desputch wo Tue Sun.
Lonpon, Dec. 8.—The Dutch Governe-
ment has granted special facilities for an

| expedition to Java with the object of con-

| tinuing the researches of Dr. Dubois for

He displayed great |

the Govern. |

the Missing Link. The expedition will be
uncer the leadership of Mme, Selenka, widow
of the great scholar, Dr. Emil Selenka.

Dr. Dubois discovered on the banks of
the Solo River in Java the remains of a
creature which he named Pithecanthropos |
Erectus, and which he maintained was
the true Missing Link between man and

the ape. The discovery excited much
controversy, Prof, Virchow especially op-
posing the theory of Dr. Dubois

The Berlin Aeademy of Seience has
howeve veted a special subsidy to Mure
Selenka, who will leave Furope neat yenr
and will condnet extensive excavations ou
the stot where the remoms were found

Mme. Selenka has had much previous ex-
perience of this kind. Some years ago
she accompanied her husband to the in-
terior of Borneo and did conspicuous ex-
perimental work with anthropoid apes.

Chatteld (eo Be Federal Judge in Brooklyn,

Was De

 

TON, may be said

‘on itherity that Thomas R. Chatfield,
Now assistant United Sratos trorneyv,

bas been selected to be Federa >In

toe eastern ‘sew York deiriet to succeed

vndge ‘homas, who is "0 nz to the State

Supreme ben A semi-oTieia! announce-

ment to this e ffo > Was made this evening,
followmg a conterence between ihe Presi
dent and Timothy Woodruff, chairman of
the State Republican committee,

FLORIDA ANU CAHULIYVA RESORTS.
Seaboard Air Line shortest—quick
Toute, Bookicts, éc, 1183

 

acre ee

 

Bway. N. Gnade | Re

* , Sowpar, Decessee 8, 1998.

Snow to-day,

fair and colder to-morrow,

e

 

FORTY-FOUR PAGES.

TO WED LORD ELLEN BOROUGH.

Miss Schenicy of Pitisburg to Become &
Peeress on Becember 17.

Prrrssvrg, Dec, &—A private telegram
received in this city this afternoon an-
nounces that Miss Hermione Schenley,
youngest daughter of Mrs. Mary Schenley,
Pittsburg'’s benefactress, is engaged to
marry Lord Elienborough. The ceremony
wil! be performed at the home of Miss
Schenley’s sister, Mrs. Gore, in London
on December 17

Miss Schenley is worth many millions of |
dollars in her own name. Lord Ellenbor-
ough is also wealthy.

 

Edward Downes Law, the fifth Baron
Ellenborough, is a retired Commodore of
the Royal Navy. He served in the Baltic
and in the China and Ashanti wars, He is
65 years old, and succeeded to the title in
1902.

t

 

 

PROPPED ASBESTOS CURTAIN.

|

| Audience at New Opera House Has &

| Chance to See Fire Protection System,
The audience at Oscar Hammerstein's

Manhattan Opera House had a chance

in the ec ond scene of the first act of

“Faust” last night to see that the opera

| house staff will take no risk of a scare in

| the audience,

One of the electric lights which hang
le over the stage short circuited and began
| to sputter, The chorus was on the siage
| and had barely begun to sing when the |

fireman on duty ordered the asbestos cur-
tain lowered.
| Signor Campanini, the conductor, con-
} tinued the music for a few minutes, and
| seeing that the audience was paying no
! attention to the dropping of the curtain
he tapped his men to silence.

The fuse was quickly repaired and cur-

| tain raised after only a few seconds delay.

DIVORCE FOR ALFRED I, DUPONT.

 

 

Delaware Powder Manutacturer Freed tn |
Dakota From Woman He Called Cruel.

{
' Sroux Fas, 8. D., Dee. 8.—In the State
{

of extreme ervelty and inhuman treatment.
The couple have four children and the
matter of their custody and the question
| of alimony were amicably adjusted out of
court
Mr. DuPont is a cousin of Senator DuPont
of Delaware. Mr. Di Pont has become very
popular in Sioux Falls,

 

 

MR. CLEVELAND KEPT INDOORS.

 

Has Had a Bad Cold, but Is Now Able to
Dine “wt His Family.

Prixceton, N Dec. 8.--It was an-

| nounced at the Clee eland home in Bayard

lane to-night that Grover Cleveland was

a very much improved condition of

health. A member of the family said that,
!

while it was true that Mr. Cleveland had
been ill for several days, no serious compli-
cations had arisen. He simply had a bad
cold.

For the firat time in quite a long while
Mr. Cleveland was downstairs to-day. He
Junched and dined with his family, The
severe cold snap, however, will keep him
housed, and not until a marked rise in the
temperature comes will he venture out-
doors.

NEW SENATOR FROM DELAWARE,

 

 

Agreed That Judge Pennewill Is the Only
Man to Beat Allec.

Wimrvaron, Del.,’Dec. 8.--It was an-
nounced to-day authoritatively that Judge
James Pennewill of Dover will be elected
as the successor of Senator J. Frank Allee.

The Judge does not want the honor, his
preference being to remain on the bench.
He has agreed, however, to accept the
Senatorship. It was not known until to-
day that he had reached this decision.

There are a number of reasons why
Judge Pennewill has been agreed upon.
The paramount one is that he is the man
to defeat Senator Allee, whom the DuPontsa
oppose.

The Judge prefers Harry A. Richardson
of Dover, but he is not able to place his
support as he would have it. In other
words Judge Pennewill is the only man
who can get Sussex county Republican
support. Could Mr. Richardson do this
he would undoubtedly be elected.

 

NEW CURE FOR PNEUMONTA,

 

Circuit Court to-day Alfred I. DuPont,
vice-president of the DuPont Powder Com- |
pany, formerly of Wiimington, Del., but |
who has lived in Sioux Falls since taking uf
his residence in South Dakota early this
j'year, got a divorce from Bessie G. DuPont.
Mrs. DuPont was rey resented by counsel.
The decree was granted upon the grounds
Subcutaneous Metallic Injections Credited
With Wonderful Results.
Specias Cable Despatch to Tas Sun,
Paris, Dec. §8.- Dr. Robin has com
municated to the Academy of Medicine a
new treatment for pneumonia, which has
been so successful that there have been
only six fatalities in fifty-one cases, of which
twenty-six were very serious. |
The treatment consists of subcutaneous |
injections of a metallic element. Dr. Robin |
says the kind of metal used seemed to make {
little difference, although heavier metals |
and gold and silver appear to have stronger
action,

 

'
LABOR MAN ASSAULTS MAVOR.

 

Columbus Executive Won Union's I Will by
Hepressifig Riots.

CotumsBus, Obio, Dec. 8.—Presumably
because of the measures taken by bim to
repress riots growing out of the strike
of iron moulders here several months ago,
Mayor Dewitt C. Badger of this city to-day
was the victim of an assault on the part of
| Charles Miller, chairman of the strike cora-
mittee

Mayor Bodger wi
tue affray, whieh took Re
of the court house,
affidavit ”

attack

injured in
the corridors

maintully

acer

is

Miller was arrested on

citizens who witnessed the

od

FLELT REACHES TANGIER,

French Ships Under Admtral Touchard
Fmter Moroccan Port,
‘pecial Cable Despitch to THE Sun.

 

Pesan, Dee, 8.-'The French squadron
nd command of Admiral Tousnard,
which 18 (9 cooperate with a Spanish squad
pin enforcing erdor th Moroeeco, arrived
here to-day.

The Svanish ships did net accompany
the Fygech fleet. The natives are calmand
regard the arrival of the ships with indif- |

| ference
FLO apa. CUBA AND SOUTH
> Southern Ky. Double daily service, ee
yng one aming ae oO aren a information.
way.—Ads,
pt a ie ltd ‘

| was shot and seriously wounded this afters —

| formerly very prominently connected with: 7

| Say now is that I feel perfectly justified in

 

| of the bond would necessarily wait a
j cal IFORNIA AND ME

-“

with rising temperature; ,

PRICE FIVE CENTS:
BX.SENATOR SHOT BY A WOMAN

ARTHUR BROWN OF SALT LAKE ]
CITY SERIOUSLY WOUNDED,

 

Annie M. Bradicy, Mother of Twe
of His Children, Came te Washingtem ©
to Marry Him, and When He Refused -
She Shot Him in His Room at a Hotel, —

Wasninoron, Deo 8.-—Arthur Brown
formerly United States Senator from U :

 

Mrs.

  
 
  
   
  
    
    
  
  
   
   
  
   
  
   
   
  
  
   
  
  
   
  
    
 
  
  
  
    
  
  
 
  
    
  
 
 
  
  
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
  
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
  

noon in his room in the Raleigh Hotel by |
Mrs. Annie M. Bradley of Salt Lake Citys:
a woman of attractive appearance and |

the Utah State Federation of Women’s }
Clubs. Mr. Brown was taken to the Emete |
gency Hospital where, after a hurried |
operation which disclosed a bullet lodged ~
against the pelvic bone, it was announced |
that unless there were complications the |
man had a good chance fgg recovery. Mre,”|
Bradley was arrested and is confined at the.
First precinct station until more is known .
of Mr. Brown's condition and any charges | ‘g
he may care to make against her.

Mr. Brown was wounded in two places;
but Mrs. Bradley said to the police that she ;
fired only one shot.. The two wounds, one
in the abdomen and the other on the index
finger of the right hand, which will be re =
moved entirely the surgeons, Mra,
Bradley says were caused by the one bulléty: |
Mr. Brown having had his hand on hia
stomach at the time the shot was fired, 4

The cause of the shooting dates back
several years and involves one of the most”
| conantional adultery cases the State of |
Utah has ever known. ‘The principals were” ,
Mrs. Bradley and Senator Brown. He 4
was acjuitted, but Mra. Bradley pleaded i
guilty to adultery with Brown. Sen ‘a
was suspended. Mr. Bradley, husband
the woman, secured a divorce and is now in
Nevada. According to statements made >
here this evening by residents of Salt Lake’ 7
and by people who know both Mr. Brows
and Mrs. Bradley their relations have been
notorious. To-day Mrs. Bradley said that
she has four ch ldren, two by her husband *
and two by ex-Senator Brown. She told”
the police that she came to Washington
expecting to marry Mr. Brown here. It ig. 7
evident that he refused to follow this plan
and the shooting resulted '

“I asked hiro if he intended to do the |
right thing by me,” Mrs. Bradley said tons
the police, “and he put on his overcoat and %
started forthe door. Then I shot him.” _— ©

Mrs. Bradley said this evening that shé@
knew she was perfectly justified in doing |
what she did. Shee almly stirred a cup of
| coffee in the matron’s room at the station ;
house and discussed the matter briefty,
although she would give no details. It wae
only after a series of questions that she ad
mitted in a low tone that when she came te
Washington it was with the expectation
that she would be married to Mr. Brown
bere.

She arrived early this morning after
four days journey from Salt Lake. When
she alighted from the train she was almost
penniless, having just $1.25. Twenty-five ©
cents went to the cabman who carried her °
to the hote’, and when arrested all the
money the woman had was a dollar
bill. From the station she went to the
Raleigh Hotel, where she registered under —
the name simply of “A. M. Brown.” After
her arrest she said she had been using the |
ex-Senator’s name for a year. By the purest |
accident a room was given her on the same | |
floor as that of Mr. Brown and only four”
doors away. The management of the hotel —
thought nothing of the similarity of the ~~
names of the two guests and until after
the shooting was over did not know they -
were acquainted.

The movements of neither Mr. Brown nor. |
Mrs. Bradley during the earlier part we)
the day are known. ‘The first intimation”
that there had been a shooting was when *

a chambermaid heard a shot. She rushed”
to the room from where it seemed to come”
and saw the form of Mr. Brown on the
floor. Mrs. Bradley, fully dressed and ©
wearing a hat and coat, stood near by,”
The frightened chambermaid medion
informed the hotel office and Manager ©
A. J. Talty went to the room. He found”
the same conditions as bad the chambers © %
waid. "ea

Ex-Senator Brown was lying on the floor
and Mrs. Bradley was standing near, ap~
parently quite collected. Mr. Talty be+
lieved at first that Mr. Brown had attempted
to commit suicide. He was conscious and &
cool and did not show that he was suffering. 7}
He held one blood:‘ained hand to his.’
abdomen and gained strength when Mr, “
Telty poured brandy between his lips.
The hotel manager asked him if he had
shot himself. Ali that Mr. Brown would say’
was that the woman had done it. The re
volver lay on the dresser. Be

Mr. Talty questioned Mrs, Bradley. She
would say nothing until Mr. Talty asked if)
she were Senator Brown's wile. She then
said: “No, but I am the mother of two of —
his children.” A policeman was called and’
Mrs. Bradley was placed under arrest,’
She did not show the alightest agitation
either in the hotel or in the station house,,
where she was questioned by many deteo
tives and reporters. ,

At first she referred all questioners te
United States Senator Sutherland of Utah,
and she would not talk for publication untib

she had seen the Senator. After he had
visited the station house and conferred with
the woman, which was about 6 o'clock this
evening, Mrs. Bradley permitted the re-
| porters to see her.

“Gentlemen,” she said,

by

“all that T can
doing what I did. There is nothing to add
to that, I think, and I do not wish to attempt
at this time to give any details. If 1 were
to try it would probably only result in my
plunging into a story which is simply end-
less.”

She was told that
were cesired,

“The facts, the truth, are awful, and [I
do not wish to go into them. I came to
Vashington early this morning,” she con-
tinued, “after four days’ constant travelling
on the trains. I do not wish to tell you all
that happened after I arrived here. 1 have
no friends or acquaintances in thia whole
city except Senator Sutherland, and I sent
or hin for advice as to what todo. I have
uot retained counsel, and | {nigot to say
anything to Senator Sutherlaud about 4
bond.”

Mrs. Bradley was informed that the matter
a day

simply the bare facts

xXInoO.
_ A. & W. P., W. of A, L.& N.
Sateen ‘annex Car. iv, New ¥

dally 4:26 P. M Car service. N.Y.

Din
371 and 1200 iab6 Hrosdwage aa