:

a

 

;
;
;
~

.

Be nh ad Nd

-

ee ee

 

VOL. LXXVI.—NO. 73.

TALK SBNATORSHIP? HO, SIR

YORKERS

 

BIT NEW WERE
THICK AT THE WHITE HOUSE,
a oe

sherman, Weedrulf, Ward, Seth Lew and
Others on Deck, but the President Is
Stil! Keeping His Mands Of, and He
Says So Officialty—Chioroforming Tim

WASHINGTON, Nov. 11,—A political con-
ference was held in the private library
of the White House this afternoon between
President Roosevelt and several persons
who are especially interested in the
election of a United States Senator to
succeed ThomasC. Platt. Vioe-President-
elect Sherman, Nationa) Committeeman
Ward, State Chairman Woodruff, Seth
Low and William Berri and National
Chairman Hitchoock.were among those
present, but by some of these it was flatly
denied that the, Senatorship was men-
tioned. Others/either said nothing or
were more guarded in their denials.
President Roosevelt wishes to have it
understood thet he is taking mo part in
the selection of a Senator from the

Empire State.

Farlier in the afternoon the President
and Mrs. Roosevelt gave a luncheon that
attracted much attention and to which
some political significance was attached
until the list of guests was made public,
Then it was to be observed phat the diplo-
matic, literary, artistic and social features
were quite as conspicuous at the table as
the political. The guests were as follows:
The British Ambassador and Mrs. Bryoe,
the Secretary of War and Mrs. Wright,
Consul-General and Mrs, R. J, Wynne,
Mr and Mrs. Howard Pyle, Mr. and Mrs.
John R. Molean, James 8. Sherman,
Frank H. Hitehcock, William L. Ward,
Timothy L. Woodruff, Seth Low, William
Berri and Dr. Albert Shaw.

After the luncheon, at which no politics
was tulked, some of the guests from po-
litical ife went to the library with the
President, where there was some dis-
cussion of polities.

“Rut the New York Senatorship was
not referred to at the conference,” said
James S. Sherman, the Vice-President-
elect. This statement was confirmed by
Timothy L. Woodrnff. Mr. Woodruff was
very emphatic. A remark by William L.
Ward took a significant form.

“The New York Senatorship is a very
important matter,” he said. “It will not
be settled by President Roosevelt or any
one or two other men. The eyes of the
country are upon New York and it will be
a long time before the Senatorship is
settled.”

Secretary Loeb subsequently authorized
this statement on the subject:

“In view of the fact that we stated
several days agothat the President would
take no part in the selection of a Senator
to succeed Mr. Platt it follows as a matter
of course that the President did not talk
over the Senatorshbip with his guests
to-day.”

Secretary Root was with the President
before and’ after the conference. Mr.
Root had several callers to-day. State
Senator Page of New York, John A,
Stewart, president of the League of
Republican Clubs; Seth Low and other
New Yorkers called him. The idea
seemed to prevail that Mr. Root’s elec-
tion as Senator was practically settled.

William Berri, Mr. Woodraff and Dr.
Albert Shaw left this afternoor for New
York Frank H. Hitchcock took the
inidnight train back to his task of clear-
ing up the affairs of the Jate campaign
in the Metropolitan Life building, and
James 8. Sherman and William L, Ward
left at midnight for Hot Springs, Va.,
to call on Witham H. Taft. John A.
Stewart will remain until to-morrow,
when he will talk with the President on
New York politics. There is a notion in
Washington that Mr. Woodruff, wha de-
sires the Senatorship, may be ted
to a diplomatic post. The im
grows here daily that the friends
Root have the Senatorship in hand
at least think they have it in hand
completely that speculation is no fon
admissible.

Timothy L, Woodruff was called
by a telegram after the Président and
certain New Yorkers who have been in
Washington two or three days had con-
ferred in regard to the Senatorship.

l

.

a88

j

known Government official who fe usuatty
of serious mien remarked thie afternoon:

‘The chloroforming of Little Tim is
now in progress.”

Seth Low and State Senator Page of
New York called on Secretary of
Root this morning. Mr. Low eaid
the Senatorship situation had not
discussed. Senator Page said he had
come to W m “to get in touch
with the situation.” The Senatorship, he
said, was being settled in Washington
rather than in the New York Legislature.
If Secretary Root wanted the office, he
said, there was no doubt about his eleo-
tion. *

SHOT THRICE AT BURGLARS.

Architect Almtrall Drove Three of Them
Away Bootletss.

Hempsteap, L. I., Nov. 11.—Raymond
F. Almirall, an architect of 49 Chambers
street, Manhattan, who has a beautiful
country place a few doors from that of
August Belmont on Fulton etreet, was
awakened soon after 2 o'clock this morn-
ing by the barking of his dogs. Going
to the window he saw @ man standing
in his front yard.

Suspecting something was wrong down-
stairs, the architect got his revolver and
fired in the air, The man ran toward
the road and Mr. Almirall fired again.

Just then two other men_ran out of the
front door and stactted of in the same
direction their guard had taken, A
third shot sent them scurrying throu
the shrabbery and out rons oe gate.

An investigation was bu ly ma
and it was found that the men had gained
entrance by prying up one of the lower
windows. ‘A large quantity of silverware
was tiedin a uses on the floor, and with
it were several valuable paintings whiob
had been eut from frames. Noth-
ing had been taken Lary @

it is thought that the thieves had tried
. enter the Belmont place earlier, as the
wogs were much there all night,
end the watchman ran repeatedly te
‘ront of the place in alarm at the dog's
inusual behavior,

DEWEY'S SAUTERNE OR MOSELLE.
Fiegant White Teble Wines, ;
H. 7. Dew ey @ Sons Co., 188 Fulton St., New York.

t

yet

 

 

 

   

 

 

  
  
 

 

Ualfbrceed Captain Brings Strange Btery
¢ From Labrador.
Special Cadle Despatch to Tam SUN,

Copgnuacen, Nov. 10.—A report has |

MAY BE ANDREE’S

been received here in a roundabout way
to tne effect that a body assumed to be
that of Prof, Salomon Auguste Andrée,
the Arotio explorer, who nine years ago
attempted to reach the North Pole in a
balloon and was never afterward heard
of, has been found in northern Labrador.

Capt. Storm of the Dapish steamer
Inga, dating his letter from the Indian
side of Labrador, September 30, wrote
to friends here recording the arrival of
the schooner Pelops of Conception Bay,
Newfoundland, whose master, Capt.
Chalker, brought the story of finding the
body. He said he had just come from
Cape Mugford, northern Labrador, where
about a quarter of a mile inland be found
a simple wooden cross on which the name
Andrée was carved.

He dug beneath and found a body and
a box containing papers. He returned
the corpse, but refused to say what he
did with the box. He asked the Inga's
captain how Andrée's name was spelled
and he showed him a piece of paper on
which he had copied the name on the cross.
It was Andrée. Fi

The site of the grave, he said, was a
bare desert, where even Eskimos rarely
go.. Nothing is revealed regarding the
contents of the box. Capt. Chalker is
a halfbreed Eskimo, who participated
in the landing of the Peary expedition
in Greentand. d

Andrée made his ascent in the great
balloon Eagle from Dane's Jaland, one
of the Spitzbergen group, at 2:30 P. M.
on July 11, 1897. There was a south wind
then/ blowing, but in a message fastened
to a buoy which he dropped a couple of
hours later he said the wind was carrying
him eastward but he hoped to strike a
more favorable current soon.

That was the last ever heard of him
or his companions. Wild stories of their
landing and death have come from va-
rious quarters ranging from northern
Siberia to the Arotic coast of British
Columbia, No confirmation of any of
them waseversecured. Expeditions have
searched for traces of the adventurous
aeronauts, but have never found any.
Their fate has so far been wrapped in
absolute mystery.

COGGEY NOT ASKED TO QUIT.

McCall Is Gunning fer Him and Likely
te Hit Some Target.

The report was heard again in the City
Hall yesterday that John V. Coggey, Com-
missioner of Correction, was either to
be called upon to resign or to be removed.
The first time the report was heard was
just after the Senate district conventions,
when John T. McCall was turned down
for renomination in the Sixteenth Senate
district. Mr, McCall ascribed his defeat
to the fact that Mr. Coggey, the leader of
the Eighteenth Ascembly district, had in-
etrnoted his delegates to vote for the
nomination of Robert F. Wagner, whohad
behind him the suppart of Charles F.

|Murphy. At the last session of the Legie-
lature MoCall annoyed Murphy by re-
fusing to vote for several measures which
were favored by the Tammany leader.
MoCall is looked upon as a follower of
Mayor McClellan and Maurice Featherson.

The Mayor at that time declared that
he did not intend to take any handin local
politics and that Mr. Coggey would re-
main in his job. When the State Prison
“Commission suddenly descended on Hart's
Island on election day and afterward
reported that it had found the place dirty
and badly managed the report was re-
vived that the Mayor would remove
Coggey. Before the Mayor teft on Tues-
day to take part in the ceremonies of
dedicating the Ashokan Dam tower he
denied that he had any intention of re-
moving Mr. Coggey. Mr. Coggey amid
last night that he bad no intention of
resigning and that he did not expect to
be asked to resign.

Friends of John T. McCall said yeaterday
that there was no doubt that he was
gunning for Coggey and that It would be
a matter of personal gratification to him
if he could supplant Coggey as the head
of the Department of Correction. But
while there is apparently no possibility
of this happening it ie understood that
Mayor MoClellan will within a few days
find something for Mr. McCall to do

 

 

BIG DOCKS FOR 8AN FRANCISCO.

Chartes M. Sohwab Announces iinportant
Pians to Impreve That Pert.

Sax Francisco, Nov. 11,—Charles M.
Schwab, who has been here for several
days carrying on segotiations, an-
nounced this evening that the Bethiehem
Steel Company had bought two dry docks
at Hunters Point and three dooke at the
foot of Sixteenth street and would en-
large then #0 a8 to accommodate the
demand for the repair of ships at this
Meanwhile the Union Iron Works, he
gaid, would build a 1,050 foot dock at
Hunters Point, which would be the largest
dry dock in the world, costing $1,125,000.
The object in acquiring other dry docks
was to use them in conjunction with the

 

Union Iron Works. Herstofore San|’

Francisco has been notorious as @ costly
port for the repair of ships because the
docks were under one management and
the shipbuilding plant under another.
By bringing both-under one management
the eost of repairs would be muqh lessened.

Mr. Schwab said the p was to
increase the shipbuilding plant at Union
Jron Works and make it the largest in
the country.

SUE COL. YOUNG FOR SLANDER

For What He Said of an Attempt to
Block MeGrathiana Sale.
Lexmorox, Ky., Nov. 11.~Milten
Young, the breeder and turfman, is the
defendant in two suits for slander filed

 

 

looal courte Tor $25,000 each.
in the laineitte ee eee pobonaé. an
de atrorney, and Mre. Melvine , both of
whom © Y with they
were the pf cipals in a echeme to black-
me Farre, through MoDonald, filed a
suit to prevent Col. @ from dispos-
in, a pert of the
an in the ity edens tenes tes
atvorney ee

 

All the household a al effects
of Young were sold at suction
and with the proceede i Oh his
A be hike paid off
| Fe gabeednees of $100,000.

+ NEW YORK, THURS

  
   
   
 
  
  
    
      
      
     

    

 

 

MADISON SQUARE GARDEN CO.
WILL TEST THE MARKET.

 

Directors Have Been Meditating a Gate
for Years and Left It to President
Sturgis to Find a Time— Whole Block,
inctuding Dtana and Theatre, Put Up.

The Madison Square Garden property
~—the whole block including the Garden
itself, the biggest auditorium in the city;
the Garden Theatre and the concert hall
—is advertised for sale by George R.
Read & Co. The property cost $3,000,000
at the time of the construction of the
Garden in 1889. The site covers thirty-two
city lots, bounded by Madison avenue,
Twenty-sixth street, | Twenty-seventh
street and Fourth avenue, and has appre-
ciated greatly in value since the organiza-
tion of the company.

The company has never paid a dividend
and it had been believed that the directors
and stockholders have gone into their
pockets time and time again to meet
current expenses. :

The company owning and operating
the property is capitalized at 62,000,000
Frank K. Sturgis ie president and James
C. Young secretary. The directors are
J, P. Morgan, Charles Lanier, James T.
Woodwas D. O. Mills, Adrian Iselin,
Jr., Henry H. Hollister, Witliam F. Whar-
ton, Frank K. Sturgis, William C. Gulliver,
James C. Young and Harry K. Knapp.

*Three or four years ago,” said Mr.
Lanier last night, “the directors decided
to sell the property whenever terms that
we considered fair could be secured.
The whole matter was left in Mr. Sturgis's
hands.” °

It was learned also that negotiations
for a private sale have been carried on
for some time, but nothing came of them.

“Mr. Sturgis has conducted negotiations
with us for some time,” eaid William J.
Van Pelt, vice-president of George R.
Read & Co., last night, “and we have en-
deavored to @ purchaser, but have
discovered no with whom Mr. Sturgis
could agree on terms. He accordingly
decided to advertise for purchasers and
authorized us to-day to see what could be
done in this way. Mr. Sturgis believes
that the business recovery makes this a
proper time to offer the Garden for sale.”

The company has outstanding bonds to
the amount of $2,000,000. There is an
issue of $1,250,000 first mortgage fives and
one of $750,000 second mortgage «sixes.
Both are due in 1919. Earnings of the
company have never been publicly re-
ported.

When the old New Haven freight depot
on this site was abandoned Sheridan
Shook and E. G. Gilmore saw the possi-
Uilities in the place amd ijeased. it for
an amusement ‘hall. After the interior
had been completely remodelléd and a
miniature garden set where the rai
had once been the place opened under
the name of Gilmore's Garden, with P. 8S,
Gitmore’s band as the chief attraction.
Later P. T. Barnum became manager of
the place for a few years and he gate
his circus there. The name of Barnum'’s
Hippodrome given to the Garden was not
lasting, for in 1887 the Madison Square
Garden Company was formed and in
November, 1889, the demolition of the
old railroad depot was begun. The orig-
inal officers of the company were D. 0.
Mills president, W. F. Wharton viee-
president, T. W. Pearsall treasurer,
G. W. King secretary and James T, Hyde
superintendent.

The architects, McKim, Mead & White
furnished the plans for the new building,
and the late Stanford White is credited
with the greater part of the work and the
Diana on the tower. On the night of
June 16, 1890, the new Garden opened
with Edouard Strauss’s Vienna orchestra
and. a ballet under the direction of Leon
Eegpinosa. The National Horse Show
Association gave its show in the new
building in the November following.
In September the Garden Theatre opened,
under the management of Henry T..
French.

im the first years of the Garden's ex-
istence it was discovered that the plece
was pot a moneymaker. Beginning with
the summer of 1897 various schemes for
reorganization of the company were
successively tried and there were many
rumors of a sale. Subsequently affairs
were straightened out) ;

Binoce i opened the Garden has seen
‘about every variety of amusement de-
wired. The rownd of dog, horse and
poultry shows, Wild West performances,
circuses and mass mectings has occa-
sionally been punctuated by prizefights
and baby shows. A sinister interest was
attached to the roof garden for many.
months after the night of June 25, 1808,
when Ha K. Thaw shot and killed
Stanford ite there.

¥.M.0. A. BOYS’ NEW RELAY RUN.

To Start a Message to Rowsevelt Harly
on Gaturday Merning.
A letter from the genera! secretary of
the international committee of the Young
Men's Christian Association of North
Amerioa will be sent to President Roose-
velt on Saturday, November 21, by boy
relay runners, leaving the international
committee building, 124 East Twenty-
eighth street, at 4 o'clock A. M,
The following associations will take
part in the run: Bedford, Central, Pros-
pect Park, Eastern District, Greenpoint
and Twent}-sixth Ward, Brooklyn; Har-
lem, West Side, Twenty-third Street,
East Side; Seoond Avenue, Washington

 

 

ton, Salem and Camden, Now Jersey;
Germahtown and Chester, Pennsylvania:
Wilma! , Baltimore and W: on.
The . See so ene be
run i hundred yard relays, than
Shree hundved boys to be Used, the dis-
tance being covered at the rate of twenty
miles per ‘our. lo the other divisions
no boy will run more than 440 yards at
one aa Tn the long stretches between
sone ns some boys may run two
three times. y =

     
  
 
   
  

 

Binek and White Inchriation.
Lowa Brancu, N. J., Nov. 11.—A white

man named Black and a black man named

White were arra' at the same time

r Vand
a ea

  
   
  
  
  
   
 
    
    
  
 

h Willia ri
Hee “bronx; Newark “ii rabeth, re. -

DA¥, NOVEMBER 12, 1908,—copvrioht, 1908, by 7

pony. |THE GARDEN IS UP FOR SALB| *® °4¢ ron rescuers. |pRSPHTS LABOR’S

They May Still Tatk Potities, for All the
School Board Cares. _

An effort was made by the Board of
Eduostion yesterday to amend the by-
laws by the adoption of @ section for-
bidding teachers to take part in move-
ments seeking the defeat or election of
any candidate to public office because
of that candidate's attitude toward legis-
lation increasing teachers’ salaries.

“Shall we put padlocks on the mouths |
of our teachers and hold the keys of the
padiocks in our\own hands by passing
such a by-law? Shall we gag the ladies
and ket the men do all the talking on
politica? I oppose it,” sald Mr. Kantzler,
and school ma'ame that sat/in the gallery
applauded. '

Ctheramembers said it would be a good
thing to gag the women ao far as politics
was concerned, and aftera long debate
the amendment was put to a vote. It
required 24 ayes to carry it. The vo
was 20 to 11 for it, so the gagging proposi-
tion was Jost for a time at least.

A letter was read from a Brooklyn editor
asking that he be allowed to get a copy
of the stenographic notes of one of the
meetings, as an employee of the Board
of Education has sued his paper for $25,000
for something that was alleged to have
been said eat a meeting. Mr. Jonas said
the stenographio notes were public records
and the editor was entitled to a copy-

“What do we care for his lawsuit! I
move that the request be denied,” said
Chairman Harrison of the by-laws com-
mittee. The request was voted down.

Principal Chatfield of Public School 51,
at 623 West Forty-fourth street, asked
approval! of a plan to sell midday tuncheon
to the school children, A sandwich would
cost three cents and a glass of milk and a
banana two cents. This is the first time
@ proposition to sell food fo the children
of the elementary schools has come up.
The n eeting approved the plin.

CATHOLIC CLUB AT BARNARD.

To Be Formed Because of the Restric-
tions of the Y. W. €. A.

Before a new club can be formed at
Barnard College it must obtain a permit
from Student Council, the governing body.
At the meeting yesterday there were two
important applications, one of which was
granted conditionally and the other
turned down temporarily.

The Catholic girls of the college are to
form a club because the Young Women's
Christian Association will not grant them
active membership. They may pay their
fifty cents dues, but they cannot vote or
be active in any way. Naturally they
prefer to pay their money to ano Za-
tion which will be of benefit to them more
directly. The club is to be called the
Craigie Club, im honor of John Oliver
Hobbes, provided her family have no
objections to the useofthe name. Student
Council has given pefmission for the
founding of this club on condition that if
the Y, W. ©. A. will open ite membership

to Catholics ‘they will disband and join
the largér institutfoh:.’ The.students who
are particularly interested in this clubare

Miss Herlindas Smithors,Miss Mary Nam-
mack, Mies Antoinette Fravsioli and Miss
Adelaide Richardson.

The other application was for a col-
legiate chapter of the Daughters of the
American Revolution. Although Mrs.
Donald McLean and other prominent
members of the New York Chapter are
interested in this movement and have
written letters to the Student Council it
has advised the applicants to wait until
later in the year. One other abjection
was that a club formed on the ground of
family distinctions might be detrimental
to the democratio spirit of thé college.

HORATIUS EBRIUS.

Lay of Drunken Cop Whe Defensed the
Sabwey Against All Comers,

Policeman John Gilmartin of the Mercer
street station, who was fined five days
pay for intoxication a week ago and
gave Deputy Commissioner Hanson his
pledge of eternal sobriety, was arrested
yesterday afternoon on the same sort
of charge and locked up in bis own
station house

Gilmartin was sent on patrol at 2 o‘clook
yesterday afternoon at Fourth avenue
and Fourteenth street. By 5 o'clock he
felt so Rood he walked over toahe down-
town Bu ae entrance and to
the job. After wrangling wi
for a few minutes he degided that no one
could go south from Fourteenth etreet on
the subway. He drew his club to enforce
hie rulimg and drove down Fourteenth
atreet all who sought-to enter

A crowd jeered the policeman, but he
succeeded in defending the gubway for
twenty minutes until et, Auer came
along, Gilmartin was wabbly on his
legs, but when ordered under arrest by

Auer he fought.
APU aout cue att ett
it wit cemen, ie the
rota "yl off G

 

wagon.
the station house floor while
geon Smith pronounced him unfit for duty.

In the night court Gilmartin was fined $5.

DIVISION OF BAKER'S ESTATE.

Sirs. Helen Hurd, Ris Brother and Har-
vard Get 6160,000 farh.

Boston, Nov. 11.—The exact terme of
the settlement of the contest to break the
will of Walter F. Baker, who died at
Bogota, N. J., ote Ootober 27, 1907, were
made public this afternoon. Baker's
estate of $480,000 ts divided as follows;

Harvard University, $150,000; Mrs. Helen
Brav Hurd, $150,000; Edward F, Baker,
hie brother, $160,000.

 

Walter Baker direoted that his brother,
Edward F. er of city, should re-
ceive $5,000; Br » at

5 a iu
whose hore he died, $10,000 in trust for
ber child, Natalie, and’ the teppain der to
be divided between Harvard University,
his nephews, the chi of bis brother

ward, and to N Hurd, daughter
2 ve Bray Hurd. The child has since
ed,
Baker's brother at once a con-

t began
test to break the will, alleging undue in-
fluence on the part of the Hutd family.

HAYDEN MEDAL AWARDED

To State Geologist Clarke for Rescarch
and Otecovery.

Anpaxy, Nov. 11.—The Academy of
Natural Sciences has awarded to John M,
Clarke, State Geologist, the Hayden gold
medal for excellence in geological . re-
pearch and discovery. This award is
made once in three yeare yee wer

f a trust fund left Y inand
y. den, eee United States

a al parvpy. The recognition is
nh confi: merican u
in eras ht times it has ce
on meriean
esived it.

 

 

  
  
  
   
   
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
   
   

 
 

 

STATEMENT FROM THE WHITE
HOUSE ABOUT THAT DINNER.

*+—_——

First, the Dinner Isn't “Ometal”; Second-
ly, They're Net All Labor Leaders,
and Finally, It Would Be Absurd to
Notlee Any Such Discussion Anyway.

Wasntnaton, Nov. 11.—The White
House was silent to-day on the specific
question whether certain union labor
leaders hay declined, as’ reported in
press despatches, the President's invita-
tion to dine with him next Wednesday.
Mr. Roosevelt issued a formal state-
ment, however, which tends to confirm
the report that things have gone wrong
with the heralded “labor legislation
dinner.” The statement was given out
after the receipt of press reports quot-
ing John Mitchell, James Duncan and
Daniel J. Keefe as saying that they have
declined for the present to place their
knees under the Presidential mahogany.
The President is represented as extremely
irritated by the way in which the dinner
project has been received. Here is the
statement given out at the White House
this afternoon:

“As the statement has been made
that this is an official dinner it is worth
while pointing out that it is nothing of
the kind, The President has on several
different occasions had various labor
leaders with whom he had been thrown
in contact and whose views he wished
to obtain at dinner. For this occasion
he had asked a number of men within
and without the Government service
who are interested in different phases
of the labor question to come to dinner.
Three-fourths of these men are not mem-
bers of labor organizations. Six or
eight of them were connected in one
capacity or another with the work of
labor organizations. It would of course
be absurd to take any notice of any dis-
cussion as to who should or who should
not be invited to dinner by the President.”

The history of the “labor dinner” proj-
ect is as follows:

Last Monday the President, in conver-
sation with a visitor in his office, told of
his wish to kive certain union labor lead-
ers, representatives of the Federal ju-
diciary and others meet as his guests at
dinner on Wednesday evening, November
18. The information was intended for
publication. It was said that certain men
prominent in the affairs of the American
Federation of Labor, including John
Mitchell, James Duncan and Daniel Keefe,
had been or would be invited, but Samuel
Gompers and others who were most con-
spiouous in the fight for Bryan and against
Taft were not included.

This caused no surprise, for it was
known that President Roosevelt bitterly
resented Mr, Gompere's publication of
@ letter written to Gompers by the Presi-
dent earty this year in which be remarked
confidentially and fansiliarly that Gompers
would be “amused” to fearn that he had
sent a certain book to Justices Day and
McKenna of the United States Supreme
Court. It was immediately assumed in
some quarters, however, that the Presi-
dent’s object in baviig a labor dinner,
with some of labor's chief representa-
tives conspicuousty Absent, was to defeat
Gompers for ree at Denver or to
gause a disruption bor’s ranks.

The widely on gossip of an un-
pleasant nature ensued and the
news ftom Denver that several labor
leaders had declined the President's
invitation are responsible for the state-
ment iseved from the White House to-day.

 

BLACKMAILED INTO SUICIDE,

Rawin Stein of Cileage Takes His fife
Whea Exposure Comes.

Crtcaao, Nov. 11.—Edwin Stein, son of
David A. Stein, president of Ederheimer,
Stein & Co., clothing merchants, killed
himself by taking poison in the Lexing-
ton Hote} to-day while three men who
were accused of attempting to black-
mail his father on the threat of exposing
the eon's with a woman were
being arrai in court, «

When the three men, Charlies Ger-
baum, Joseph Rankin and James Ma-
tooney, were arrested a book was found
which contained the names of women
said ‘to be of questionable character
and the dates om which young Stein is
said to have met them. This information
is eaid to have been laid before the pa-
rents of the young man with the demand
that-they pay $1#,000 for its suppression.

The elder Steim refused to be black-
mailed and would not prosecute the men
when they were arrested, eaying that he
would not do anything that might bring
out the scandal. News of the suicide
caused a sensation in Grand Boulevard,
where the Stein family ie well known.
The stories previously suppressed became
known by bite, Stein, who was 22 years
old, wag well known in the younger
social eet of the South Side.

 

GOV. HUGHES SPENT 8369.63.

Campaign Expenses of Other Candidates
of Both Parties.

Avpany, Nov. 11.—Gov. Charles Evans
Hughes filed with the Secretary of State
his certificate of election expenses, giving
his total expenditures as $300.65. Of this
sum he spent for travelling expenses,
including expenses incidental to travel-
ling, $260.18; for hotel expenses, including
telephone and messenger charges, $96.71,
and for telegrams, $12.76,

Edward R. O'Malley of Buffalo, Attor-
ney-General-elect, spent $1,792, $1,000
being contributed to the Republican State
committes. —

Additional certificates of election ex-

filed to-day with the Beoretary of
State include;

George B. Agnew, reelected State Sena-
tor, $1,076; Representative William W.
Cocks, $2,265; Representative Joseph A.
Goulden, $3,850; Nathan Straus, Presi-
dential Elector, $8,608; S. 8. Whitehouse,
Democratio candidate for Justioe of the
Supreme Court, 98062; Re nta
Thomas W. Bradley #4608, aod George F.
Bayle, Presidential Elector, $250
d Sh ten Kenscuumbiaies Congress fi

a
the Twenty-sixth district, certified that
he spent 1 a socialistic plat-
form toa t.

 

 

=

¢ Bun Printing ond Publishing Association.

“REGRETS” |

 

Thomas Socialist candi-

reat |
‘|

  
  
  
  
 
   
   
  
  
 
  
  
 
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
 
  
  
 
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
   
 
 
  
   
    
  
  
   
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
   
  
  
 
   
   
 
 
  
  
 
   
  
   
  
   
   
   
    
    
   
  
  
   
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
    
   
  
     
   
  
   
   
   
   
   
     
   
   
   
 
  
  
 
 
  
 
     
  
  
  
   
  
  
   
   
 
  
 
 
 
   
  
  
 
 
   
  
  
  
  
 
  
      
    
  
   
  
  
 
 
 
   
    
      
 
 
 
  
  
   
  
  
 
  
   
   
   
   
  
  
  
 
 
 
   
   
 
  
  
 
   
   
 
  
  
  
  
   
   
 
  
  
   
     
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
   
 
 
 
   
  
  
 
    

HARVEY WATTERSON IUABD

EDITOR'S SON FALL” #
19TH STORY. Wi
—wayee. ¥
Apparentiy Lest His Balance
paring to Lesve His |
Trust Cempany of i
in Well Street—Landed on
Harvey Watterson, younger
Col. Henry Watterson of the
Courier-Journal, was killed

 
 

AMERICAN MAY PRESIDE

 

Over Court to Arbitrate Casablanca Dis-
pute Between France and Germany.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Paris, Nov. 11.—Aoocording to pro-
poeals which are believed to be aoceptable
to Paris and Berlin the court for the arbi-
tration of the Casablanca affair will con-
sist of a Frenchman, a German and two
other foreign nominees. These four will
have power to choose a fifth member as
president,

In the’ existing division of sympathies
among the European Powers it is ex-
pected that the four original members
will request the American Department of
State to nominate a president of the court,

$12,500,000 NEW OITY 48.

To Be Put on the Market on Nov. 23
—Mogst Are fer SO Years.

Comptroller Metz announced y esterday
that he would sell on Monday, November
28, $12,500,000 4 per cent. city bonds
$12,000,000 to run fifty years and the rest
ten years. The last two public sales of
city bonds have been at 4% per cent.
and what with the satisfactory result
of the election to the great body of in-
vestors, the improvement in the market
and in industrial conditions’ the city
expects to have no difficulty in selling the
entire issue.

j

Ste

 

 

Watterson’s law partners,

Wing and Philip W. Russell, ‘aad.
in @ position to have first hand ite
tion is that Mr. Wai
slipped-as he was endeavoring 1
window in hie private offee and a
fell forward with such forme thata
unable to catoh the sides of the
or the sill. The sill is very

only to one’s knees, and

little protection in such a o

The law firm had a suite o

in the northeast of th
Eaoh of the partnera *:

 

CALLED GOV. NOEL A LIAR.

Vicksburg Lawyer Thereupon Is Knecked
i Down by a Bystander.
VickspuUnG, Miss., Nov. 11.--After the

dedication of the Rhode Island State

memorial here to-day Gov. Noel of Mis-
sissippi was approached in the Carroll

Hotel by Amos Armistead, a Vioksburg

lawyer, who called the Governor a liar

and thief.

Dr. S. B. Johnston interfered, the
Governor having deciared that t for
his official position he would seek per-
sonal satisfaction. Armistead knocked
Johnston down and in turn was knocked
nan Wy woenon. points on a case he wes to

The trouble grew out of a lawsuit , oe
between Noel and Armistead years ago. |W: At about & o'elook no Yet
Armistead was bitter in opposition to| that it was time to.go home:
the Governor in his last campaign.

| A SPIRIT WILL UPHELD.

Jury Stands fer Aflegation That Dead
Daughter Dictated It.

Sr. Louis, Nov. 11.—The will of Mrs.
Charlotte Jarrett, which was dictated
by the spirit of her dead daughter, Mrs.
Augusta Brown, according to evidence
introduced, was sustained by a Circuit
Court jury here to-day. This will cut off
Mrs. Jarrett’s only living daughter with
$5 and gave the remainder of her estate
to the children of the daughter whose
spirit dictated the will.

Mrs. Jarrett, who was a spiritualist,
had given $15,000 of her estate to her

to the east. Adjoining his offid
south was en anteroom aad)

wrt

 

daughter, alleged that Mra, Veline Brown
Naughton and Frank Brown, children of
Mrs. Augusta Brown, had used undue
influence upon Mrs. Jarrett, whom they
knew to be a believer In spiritnaliem, to
cause her to leave the major part of her
estate to them. The jury that no
“undue influence” was used. -

\MAGOON APPEALS TO CUBANS.

Hopes for Orderly Kleetion on Saturtay
—Idberal Paper Foreshadows Trouble.
Sphctat Cable Despatch to Tur Sun.

Havana, Nov. 11.—Gov. Magoon has
issued a proclamation fn with
the coming Presidential election. He
says that the best test of the ability of

 

of the municipal elections in August and
exhorts the people to be orderly and
tranauil on Returday.

La Lucha, a Liberal organ, declares
that if the Conservatives win it will be
throug: fraud, evidently, laying the
foundation for a claim of fraud in the
event of a Liberal defeat.

 

TOWN OF TAFT GONE AGAIN.

Mentana Frontier Settlement Burned Up
for the Second Time.

Bourre, Mon., Nov. 11.—The second fire
within a few months burned down again
to-day the new town of Taft, on the Bt.
Paul road west of Missoula. One man
was burned to death: .

Six months ago Taft had a population
of 4,000, but now only several buildings
and less than a score of people remain.
Taft wag a typical frontier town of tough
repute while it existed.

SUICIDE OF A BULL TERRIER.

The Facts and Conctusions as Reported
From Endiena.

Evansvi.ue, Ind., Nov. 11.—Mrs. Ver-
non Shrode gave her favorite bull terrier
a whipping this morning and for anhour
the dog lay around the house and refused
to notice any one.

Then it walked down to the eleoctrio
railroad track, stood in front of an ap-
proaching car and was ground to pieces,
Persons who witnessed the death of the
dog declared that it was deliberate suicide,

WILLIAM J. LOCKE A VISITOR,

Author of ‘Simple Septimus’’—Fog Veties
the Port From Rim.

William J. Locke, who writes things
about folke of his imagination and gets
them published in several countries, in-
cluding his own, which is England, ar-
rived yesterday by the White Star liner
Oceanic from Southampton, The ‘

 

iii
35

t

 

i
z

5

 

A i
i
ett

EEE
ie
29
iit

!

 

epiaat
s
§

FUNERAL IN

the mist, which hid all the prond towers
of the town, that he could see ao little of
it. He will a month vane the

He is the

cities of the At t,
Senor of the “ orale of Mareus” and
an also

suthovie Septimus” and is
cite Royal Institute. of Britian Arett-
tects.

| Winter in Texas.

Daui.aB, Tex., Nov, 11,—Winter weather
prevailed all dey over north and north-
west Texas and freezing conditions are

expected te Dota et Tien moons
Bnow is es falling
} Tehiseis region.

the

ones Perit haa thao Roman. ate

HH, igh UE TERED PE UTEUEU Te PE PSF
: E
HI
Tt
| k