eo.
S

 

 

 

 

VOL. LXVIL—NO, 305,

oe

ENVOY WAS MURDERED

“The Sun's” Report of German Min-
ister’s Death Confirmed,

OTHERS IN GREAT DANGER.

 

But There 1s a Romor That the Relief
Force Has Reached Pekin,

OUR LEGATION DESTROYED.

Only Three 16 t Standing-~-Our Admiral’s
Cations Policy Now Approved,

 

Attack on the Taku Forts Made Chinese
Troops Allics of te Bexers—Some Confu.
sion as te the Date of the German Minis-
ter’s Murde:—iilled While on His Way to
the Foreign Office—His Body Hacked to
Pieces Other Envoys Safe on June

26, but Chinese General Had Annoanced

‘Ihat He Feared It Was Impossible te

Protect Them Loager~- Oar Consul at

Shanghai Says Prince Tuan Ordered All

Viceroys to Attack Foreigners—Five of

Capt. McCalla’s Men Killed and Twenty-

fa the Fighting With

Seymour—Rassians Accased of Pillaging

three Wounded

at Tien-Tsin-The American Missionaries
Flee From Wel-Hien and Are in Danger.

Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

LonpoNn, July 2.—The startling despatch sent
on June 16 from Hong Kong by a staff cor-
respondent uf THE SUN, containing the exe
clusive announcement that Baron von Ketteler,
the German Minister at Pekin, had been killed,
is confirmed by a Chefoo despatch, dated July
1, which says the German Minister was
murdered by Chinese soldiers while on his way
to the Taung-li-Yamen. An interpreter who
was with him was wounded, but managed to
«scape to one of the legations.

On June 23 only three of the legations re
mained standing, the others having been de-
etroyed by the Chinese.

This despatch says that the murder of Baron
von Ketteler occurred on June 18, but a de-
patch sent from Shanghai to-day says that the
consular body there has received official news
that Baron von Ketteler was murdered on June
16. While riding in Legation street he was at-
tacked by Chinese troops and Boxers, who
dragged him from his horse and killed him,
His body was afterward hacked to pieces.

The Chinese then set fire to the German le

gation and six other legations. A number of
Natives, who were employed as servants at the
legations, were slain and their bodies thrown
into the flames.
t AShanghai despatch says that the United
States Consul there states that a telegram sent
by Gen. Yung Lui on June 26, reports that all
the Ministers at Pekin, with the exception of
Baron von Ketteler were safe that morning,
but that their situation was desperate and he
doubted whether they could hold out another
twenty-four hours as he and the Empress
could no longer protect them

Another despate from Shanghai dated to-
day, 51ys it is reported that large torces of the
allied foreign troops have arrived in Pekin,
having defeated the combined army of Chi-
nese Imperial troops and Boxers. The Chinese
field artillery is reported to have been superior
to that of the foreigners, but it was badly
handled,

The Daily Expresa's Shanghai correspondent
says that the Consuls there now have little hope
that any foreigners are alive in the capital.

A curious despatch has been received in
Rome from the officer commanding the Italian
warship Elba, who telegraphs from Taku
under date of June 30, saying: “News received
here from the German Minister at Pekin states
that all the foreign legations have been burned
except the British, French and German, All

he members of the diplomatic body took
refuge {in the British legation.”’

This report is undoubtedly garbled as a news
agency despatch from Shanghal states that
the legations that were reported to be safe

June 23 were the British, Austrian and
Belgian,

A news agency despatch from Shanghai,
dated June 20, says it is reported that the
foreigners in Pekin have etarted thence for
the coast under a strong escort of Chinese
troops.

All these telegrams from China do not do much
tf clear up the situation, Every spec al
Oorrespondent and every news amency
senda confirmation of THE Sun's exclusive
report of tho murder of Baron Von Keiteler,

but their numerous discrepancies have
led some few papers to express
the hope, even now, that the report
is incorrect. This hope, however,
has been practically abandoned. The
Story concerning the murder of the Min-
ister is oan excellent example of the
evident difficulty of getting accurate

news from China, The Telegraph's correspon-
dent says that news from Pekin is to the
effect that the murder occurred on June 13,
While others say it was committed on the 18th
&nd i6th. All, however, report the fact, the
first information of which was given by THs
SUN'S correspondent a fortnight ago.

 

; Comfort on the P.m isylvania Railroad

‘awell known surety, So are speed, salety and
(ures treatment Te dining car service ts un-
Valied. -Ade,

‘

i “ ee — = -

NEW YORK, MONDAY, JULY 2, 1900.—COPYRIGHT. 1900, BY THE SUN PRINTING AND PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION.

RS

 

OUR CONSUL SENDS THE NEWS.

Some Error in the Date of the Marder—Prince
Twan’s Order to Attack Foreigners.

Wasuinoton, July 1,—Official news of a
startling character concerning the situation in
Pekin was received by the Secretary of State
to-day, from John Goodnow, United States
Consul-General at Shanghai. Two despatches
came from Mr. Goodnow and the following
statement of their contents, the language used
being largely taken verbatim from them, was
obtained:

“Reported§ Shanghai that ‘German Minister
murdered Pekin 19th. On the 28d three ega-
tions still standing. On the 26th deapatoh re-
ceived in Shanghai from Yung Lui, Viceroy of
Pechili, that the other Ministers safe.
Despatches received in Shangai from different
sources indicate that Prince Tuan, father of heir
apparent, seems to be absolutely in control.
His influence is worst possible, he being hostile
So foreieners. It is even said Tuan issued edict
as far back as 20th, ordering all Viceroys to
attack foreigners in'their respective provinces,
an order which thus far has not been exeouted.”

The fact that THR SUN 's etaff correspondent
in China telegraphed from Hong Kong on June
16 the report that Baron von Ketteler, the Ger-
men Minister at Pekin, had been murdered, in-
dicates that his death, granting that the
news is true, occurred before the date
given by Consul-General Goodnow, Government
officials here, while not caring to express any
opinion as to the accuracy as to the statements
of Mr. Goodnow, are apparently inclined to put
faithin them. Shanghai is a hotbed of sensa-
tionalism at all times of trouble in China, and
has not lessened its reputation in that regard
in the existing crisis, but Mr. Goodnow
has not sent any reports that he did not
believe to b> érue. The fact that the State De-
partment made public the contents of his de-
patches, not even suppressing the strictures
on the character of Prince Tuan, is especially
significant, indicating that the Govern-
ment must have gocd reason to believe that
Mr. Goodnow’s information is authentic. It is
noticeable that Mr. Goodnow did not send at
the time (June 26) the statement thata despatch
had been received in Shanghai from the Vioce-
roy of Pe Chi Li that the other foreign Minis-
ters, Yon Ketteler excepted, were safe. His
mention of it six days later is evidence that he
has satisfied himself that the Viceroy’s report
was correct,

Prince Tuan, the father of the recently chosen
heir apparent, was chcsen President of the
Tsung-li-Yamen, the all powerful Chinese
board of foreign affairs, early this month.
The last despatch received by the State
Department from Minister Conger, which
was delivered to the Department at 11 P. M.
on June 12, said that the Tsung-li-Yamen had
been reorganized with Tuan as President, and
that three anti-foreign members had been ap-
pointed, The appointments were made, of
course, by the Empress Dowager.

A Cabinet officer said to-night in answer to
inquiries with reference to the information con-
tained in Mr. Goodnow’'s despatches that Shang-
hai news must usually be taken with allowances,
and while declining to comment on the reports
transmitted by the Consul-General, he indicated
a belief that they might merely be reports that
have not been verified by him.

Thenewsa is viewed with concern, however,
in the inner official circle and creates a painful
impression after the reports which came yester-
day from Rear Admiral Kempff and the United
States Consul at Tlen-Tsin that the Ministers
were still in Pekin, which was taken to mean
by the Government that Minister Conger and
his diplomatic colleagues were safe. The fact
that Mr. Goodnow omitted from his despatch
the names of the legations reported burned
and those left standing is regretted by the
officials. Fear is expressed that when commu-
nication with Pekin is opened there will be a
terrible story to tell.

The Government has seen noreason to change
the oy inion expressed yesterday as a result of
the conference between the Secretaries of State,
War and Navy, that everything had been
done by the United States to meetthe demands
of the situation in China, Unless news
of an absolutely reliable character is
received showing that more American troops
are needed, or unless Admiral Kempff or some
other responsible representative of this country
in China calls for reénforcements, none beyond
those already on their way or to be
ordered under previous arrangements will
be sent. The Government holds that it is doing
itsfull duty t! the circumstances, having
detailed a brigade of troops and a large
number of ships, marines and seamen
for Chinese service, in addition to those al-
ready on Chinese soil or in Chinese waters.

Every piece of additional information re
ceived by the Government from China con-
vinces the officiala that the troubles in that
perturbed country will not blow over,
as some officials were inclined to believe
early last week. It is believed that
if the German Minister was murdered, war
between China and Germany will surely come,
As for the burning of legations, that indignity
may be adjusted without war by the payment
by China of a heavy indemnity in money or
terriiory.

It is this possibility of a demand for terri-
torial reparation that causes the most uneasiness
here as to the outcome of the present troubles,
as the Powers of Europe and Japan are watch-
ing one another jealously in the fear that amove
in that direction may be made by one or
some of their number. The United States
Government considers itself freer to act as the
arbitrator of any differences that may arise
than any other nation involved because its
war ships did not participate in the engage-
ment with the Chinese forts or {ts naval com-
mander at Taku in the prior demand for their
surrender.

As was told in Tag SUN this morning, the Ad-
ministration authorities are congratulating
themselves and Admiral Kempff over the fact
that the latter held aloof from the affairs of the
forts. THe SUN reporter was told to-
day on pretty rood authority that Ad-
miral Kempff had been asked his rea-
sons for not codperating with the other
foreign naval commanders in the demand and
subsequent attack. While statements obtained
from officials would indicate that this is not
correct, it is probable that Kempf made some
explanation for not joining the international
allies which was of a satisfactory character,
This would explain why the Government now
commends his conservative course.

 

 

RIVER OPEN TO TIEN*TSIN.

British Admiral’s Report—Rassia Has Landed
the Most Men at Taka,
Special Cable Despatch to THE Sun.

LONDON, July 1.~The Admiralty bas received
the following despatch from Admiral Bruce,
sent by way of Chefoo, June 30, 2:10 P. M.:

“The conduct of Commander Stewart of the
Algerine and Commander Lunz of the Iitis
(German) at the bombardment of Taku was
magnificent and elicited the admiration of the
allied ships.

“The river route to Tien-Tsin, fifty-one miles
from Taku, isnow open. The railhead is now nine
miles from Tien-Tsin and the road inward is not
[now?] quite safe, Communication with the
commander-in-chief at Tien-Tsin is diMcult.
Fiice, with Craddock, had to fight his way into
TieneTsin. Craddock was also commander of
the storming party which took the forts at
Taku. The fort which commanded the river
thirteen miles above Taku was found deserted

 

 

Kansas City and Return, $28.75.
Magni:

os tet tecene sy tees hats
4 oe) oe
fim, Suir & care, peek. ok tima—

A alah al ted

 

eS Se

 

 

by Commander Keyes and was blown up by him,
leaving the passage up river free.

“Keyes reports to-day that the arsenal at
Tien-Tsin was captured on June 27 by the naval
brigade with the loss of five men killed. Lieut.
Colomb of the Endymion was slightly wounded,
Gunner May and twenty-one men were
wounded, There are no further details.

“Warrender is quite well. He is doing very
good work, taking charge of all our forces on
the river and along the lines of communication.

“Vice-Admiral Alexieff, Governor General of
Port Arthur and Liao-Tung Province and com-
mander-in-chief of all the Russian forces in the
East, has just arrived on his way to Tien-Tsin.
Ne is taking supreme command of the Russian
forces.

“Capt. Jellicoe, who was shot through the
lungs, is doing very well.

“The forces landed to date are: Germany,
44 offlcers and 1,300 men; Great Britain, 184
officers and 1,700 men; Austria, 12 officers and
127 men; America, 20 officers and 329 men;
France, 17 officers and 387 men; Italy, 7 officers
and 181 men; Japan, 119 officers and 3,709 men,
and Russia, 117 officers and 5,817 men, with 53
field and 36 machine guns.

“No details have yet been received of the
— and wounded with the commander-in-

ief."”

 

KMPRESS AND EMPEROR FLEE?

Prince Tuam May Have Assumed Costrol—Hils
Vigorous Anti-Joreign Policy.
Special Cadle Despatch to THR SUN.

LONDON, July 2—The Times's Shanghai cor-
respondent, in a despatch dated June §27, says
he learns from a trustworthy person
in close touch with the Nankin Vice-
roy’s Yamen that the Viceroy received
by telegraph an_ edict from Pekin,
dated June 20, in which the Throne, referring
to the difficulty of the Solong problem and the
gloomy outlook bids him to protect his own
borders while doing his best to help Pekin,

Well-informed Chinese regard the document
asa veledictory and are thereby convinced of
the truth of the report that the Empress and
Emperor have fled to the westward and that
Prince Tuan bas assumed control, placing his
son, the heir designate, on the throne.

It is further stated that Li Hung Chang re-
ceived a message from Gen. Yung Lu, dated
Pekin, June 21, bidding him ignore any decrees
issued thereafter. Li Hung Chang communi-
cated this to the Viceroys of Nankin and
Wuchang, who have since combined on a joint
policy independent of Pekin.

Gen. Tung Fuh Siang, commanding the Mo-
homedan levies, is said to be contemplating
independent action.

The Commander-in-Chief is said to oppose
Prince Tuan's anti-foreign policy, and is en-
deavoring to obtain combined aetion on the
part of the Viceroys and Yuan Shilikai, whose
troops are a considerable factor.

Another despatch to the Times from Shonghai
says that Director of Railways and Telegraphs
Sheng received on Sunday by special
courier a message from Gen, Yung Lu,
dated Pekin, June 26, directing him
to urge the speedy advance of the
foreign troops, and stating that the position in
Pekin was critical. He added that the coldiery
were rioting in the streets. and that the Em-
peror, the Tsung-Li-Yamen and Prince Ching
were powerless,

Sheng, in an interview with the British
Consul, confirmed the report that Prince
Tuan was directing a violent anti-
foreign policy, assi-ted by 156,000
troops under Gen. Tung Fuh Siang in
Pekin, those under Gen. Nieh at

Tien-Tsin and the Boxers, The Viceroy of Yulu
ia believed to be supporting Prince Tuan, but
Yuan Shihka!, Governor of Shang Tung, is an
unknown factor. He is expected to follow the
lead of the southern Viceroys.

AMERICAN MISSIONARIES’ DANGER.

The Rev. Mr. Chalfant and Two Companions
Flee From Wel-Hien—Chinese Block Rescue.
Special Cadle Despatch to THE SUN.
Lonpon, July 2.—A despatch to the Daily
Mail from. Shanghal says that the Rev, Mr.
Chalfant and two women missionarles belong-
ing to the American Presbyterian Mission fled
from Wel-Hien to the German mines at Fange-
Tse, where an attack is expected. Rescuers

have started for that place.

Gen. Yuan-Shib-Kan, who Is bitterly anti-
foreign and who commands the best foreign-
drilled troops in China, has notified the German
Governor of Kiao-Chou that he will not permit
a German party to proceed to Wei-Hi-n to
rescue the missionaries as proposed,

 

The Presbyterian missionaries at Wei Hien,
which is 150 miles west of Tung-Chow, were the
Rev. R. M. Mateer and Mrs. Mateer, the Rey,
F. H. Chalfant and Mrs. Chalfant, the Rev. J.
A. Fito and Mrs, Fitch, W. R. Faries, M.D.,
and his wife, Miss Emma F. Boughton, Misa
Mary Brown, M_D., Mrs. M. Crossette and Miss
Charlotte E Hawes.

Wel-Hien stat ion includes 124 out-stations or
separate groups of converts. In all there were
2,800 Christians under the supervision of
the station. The eighteen churches of the
district have been set off as a separate Presby-
tery. Mr. Chalfant had thirty-four out-stations
with a membership of 625, under his charge. He
taught classes of native teachers and was in
charge of all the country day schools for boys,
forty-one in all, with 450 pupils,

THE RUSSIANS,

 

PILLAGING BY

Harm Done to the Allies’ Cause—British
Troops Arrive Withoat Ammunition.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

Lonpon, July 2.—An undated despatch to the
Daily Mail from Tong-Ku, sent by way of
Chefoo on Friday, says it would be improper
any longer to{}conceal the harm done to
the cause of the allies by the barbarous
pillage of the Russians. Days after
the bombardment they wantonly shot natives
and looted everything, inclucing the houses of
Europeans. Wherever the Russians have been
the result has been needless destruction, The
natives for miles around have been looted of
supplies. Labor is getting scarcer,

The British troops from Hong Kong arrived
without any ammunition,

The British storeship Humber has arrived
from Pei-Ta-Ho with refugees. She reports
that large numbers of Chinese troops are at
Lutal. They. are estimated to number 10,000,
with 120 guns. Thirteen thousand, with forty
guns, have gone to Pao-ting-fu, being prin-
cipally engaged in guarding the Tien-'Tsin-
Pekin line. Large forces were at Shan-Hai-
Kwan under Gen. Lung. Six thousand were
marching thence to Pekin, where others had are
rived from Mukden.

Sores is delightful, decent and orderly on the
Dey Line river wipes Good Music —Aée, |

 

I icin Mia) lial

“en
it

Fe

CrrrsscL*

 

 

  
 

 

 

ADMIRAL KEMPFF. CAUTIOUS.

Avoiding Hostilities Except Sach as Are
Necessary to Rescue Americans.
Special Cable Despateh to THE SUN.

Taku, June 27 (Delayed).—Admiral Kempff
opposed the policy of attacking the Chinese
army unless they began hostilities. It is now
admitted that the Powers, by attacking the
forts here, turned the Chinese into allies of the
Boxers. This, the Americans think, might
have been avoided. Admiral Kempff is holding
aloof from all hostilities except such move-
ments as are necessary for the rescue of
Americans,

To-day Lieut. Jayne of the Newark is at-
tempting to reach Tien-Tsin by boat.

At the storming of Tien-Tsin, on June 38, the
British and Americans carried by storm a village
outside the walled town.

In an ambuscade on June 31, three miles from
Pekin, when Major Waller's command, with 440
Russians, was obliged to retreat, the Americans
abandoned a Colt gun, Four of the Americans
were killed and seven wounded,

There is the gravest anxiety regarding the
foreigners in Pekin. Admiral Kempff believes
that large reénforcements will be necessary in
order to reach the capital, but he is avoiding
all action which would involve the Americans
{n future diplomatic discussions.

es

JAPANESE STATESMEN'S VIEWS.

Anxious to Restore Order in China and Avoid
Disagreement Ameng the Powers.
Spectai Cable Despatch to THR SUN.

Lonpon, July 2.~The Tokio correspondent
of the Daily News cables that he interviewed
Marquis Yamagata, Prime Minister of Japan,
and Viscount Aoki, Minister of Fore
ign Affairs, yeuterday. Marquis Yamagata
sald that the Chinese in 1896
had the making of fine soldiers, but were badly
led. The population also remained neutral,
which favored the Japanese. Now the people are
embittered and excited against the foreigners,
owing in a great measure to the concessions of
territory made to Russia, Germany and Great
Britain, the consequences of which will prob-
ably yet be vast.

He insisted that Japan's expedition to Pekin
had the sole object of rescuing the legations,
The problem now was whether their expulsion
would necessitate war. It was to be feared
that the Chinese Government would resort
to every expedient to waste time in the
hope that the Powers would become disunited,
If this happened while the fleets guarded the
ports chaos would reign in the interior, Japan
was preéminently anxious for peace, as the
stoppage of trade that would result from war
would be more disastrous to her than to any
other nation,

Viscount Aoki was of the opinion that the
present rising was deep and widespread.
The Pekin Government had done nothing to
suppress the troubles and the nations are face
to face with what is practically a
declaration of war upon the whole
world by the uncontrolled millions of China.
He feared that the Powers must be prepared
to crush the Chinese or scuttle. He declared
that he was emphatically of the opinion that
the expulsion of the foreign missionaries was a
casus belli,

Viscount Aoki refused to talk of the possibille
ties or contingencies arising from disagree-
ments between the Powers. He agreed
that Japan was strongly drawn towards
Great Britain and America. Japan, how-
ever, was anxious to avold jentousies,
but if the partition of China proved unavoida-
ble she would certainly be unwilling tostay out.
Her interests equalled the others, and therefore
she ought to have an equal voice in anything
that was done.

APPROVING KEMPFF'S COURSE.

 

Doubt Now of the Wisdom of the Powers in
Attacking the Taka Forts,
Spectal Cable Despatch to THE Sv.

Lonpon, July 2.—A despatch to the Daily
Mail from Shanghai says that some people are
of the opinion that bad judgment was displayed
{n sending the ultimatum that led to the
taking of the Taku foris, as the Chinése
commandant was willing to yield if he
was allowed time to conseu't the Viceroy
of Pe-Chi-Li by wire. Native officials say that
the answer made to this request was that there
wasno time to walt, and that fire would be
opened at 2 o'clock In the afternoon. The
Chinese then determined to fire first. ‘

As evidence of the good equipment of the
Chinese over fifty Maxim guns have already
been captured around Tien-Tsin.

Among the casualties to Admiral Seymour's
force Capt. Buchholz, of the Kaiserin Augusta
was killed and Capt. Von Usedom, commander
of the Hertha, was wounded.

 

BARON VON KETTELER'S CAREER.

 

The Murdered Minister's Wife Miss Ledyard
of Detroit,

Baron Clemens von Ketteler had been in the
diplomatic service about twenty years. He
was First Secretary of the German Embassy in
Washington from 1802 to 1896, when he went to
Mexico us Minister. While Minister to Mexico
he married Miss Ledvard, daughter of H. B.
Ledyard of Detrolt, President of the Michigan
Cen'ral Railroad. In 1899 Baron von Ketteler
was sent to China as Minister on account of hia
knowledge of affairs in tho East, gained by
several years’ experience in China previous to
coming to the United States, His early career
was spent in the German diplomatic service in
some of the smaller European countries.

 

THE SHELLING OF TIEN-TSIN.

Foreigners Rullt Earthworks the Second Day
—Water Supply Polsoned by Dead Chinese.
Special Cable Despatch to THE SUN.

SHANGHAI, July 1.—When the bombardment
of Tien-Tsin by the Chinese was opened the
foreigners had made no preparations for safety
againatthe fire. By the next day, however,
heavy earthworks were constructed in the fur-
thest corner of the new German settlement, and
under these the inhabitants tookrefuge. After-
ward, when they became accustomed to the
fire, they took refuge in Gordon Hall and the
Astor House, a hotel.

Toward the end of the bombardment the
river was poisoned by hundreds of dead Chi-
nese. The water was in frightful condition, but
nothing else was available and the people were
compelled to use it. They were limited, how-
ever, to one glass a day each.

Six civilians were killed and two wounded.

GEN. CHAFFEE SAILS FOR CHINA,

 

Haurried From the Train to the Transpert
Grant, Which Started at Once,

SAN Francisco, July 1.—Brig.-Gen, Chaffea
arrived here at 5 o'clock this evening. He was
taken from the train to the wharf, where he was
transferred to tie tug Fearless. He was accom-
panied only by his aide, Lieut. Harper. He
gave all the reporters the slin, and on the tue
went direct to the transport Grant, Without a

njoment’s loss of time the big steamer began
her voyage to China, When opposite Fort
Point asalute of eleven guns was fired. Gen,
Chaffee received his instructions from Washing-
ton at Sacramento this afternoon

WASHINGTON, July 1.-The Navy Department
received » despatch to-day from Commander
Henry Knox of the gunboat Princeton, dated
Canton, July 1, reporting the arrival of the
Princeton at that place from Hong Kong. The
Princeton wes ordered from Manila to visit
Canton and other Chinese ports to aiveany pro-
tection to American interests that might be re-
quire

American consular officers at several Chisese
ports have represented that anti-foreign out-

reaks are imminent,

Niagara Falis and Reters—88.

Tickets good going July 3, returning July 5. On
eale at Lac awanbe fallroed ticket offices Ade

 

 

RIVER HORROR,

Fire Tragedy Cost at Least
150 Lives

LOSS $7,000,000,

The Three Burned Liners Stranded
Wrecks,

GREAT TALES OF RESCUE,

 

Harbor Boats Crowded With Sightseers
From Far and Near,

 

About 120 Members of the Crews Missing
—The Other Dead Were Longshoremen and
Visitors to the Ships—Twelve Bodies Taken
From the Saale on Commaunipaw Flats
—Her Captain Dead-The Main and the
Bremen Lying Side by Side Farther Up
Near the Jersey Shore—Thrilling Experi-
ence of Fifteen Men Who Spent Seven
Hoars Below Decks in the Burning Main
and Were Saved at Last—Thieves and
Souventr-Seekers Aboard the Bremen—The
River a Resort for Curious Persons, Some
of Whom Came Many Miles to See the Halks
and Ruins—About 125 Injured Men and
Women in Hospitals—Survivors Spin Very
Many Interesting Yarns to ‘‘San'’ Reporters.

Although it is still impossible to tell exactly
how many lives were lost inthe great fire that
swept away the piers of the North German
Lloyd Steamship Company in Hoboken on Sat-
urday and destroyed three of its ships, the beat
estimate that oan be obtained is that 120 mem-
bers of the crewsof the burned vessels perished.
Some Jongshoremen also lost their lives, but the
agent of the company thinks that the number
was much leas than fifty. Of the visitors who
were aboard the ships he knows nothing, but
inquiries have been made at Hoboken for
thirty-six persons not members of the crews
who are said to be missing. There are seven-
teen dead in the morgues. The property loss
is believed to be bet ween $6,000,000 and $7,000,000,

Thousands of persons from this city, the
surrounding towns in New Jersey, and many
from even as far as Trenton and Philadelphia
flocked to the harbor yesterday to get a sight
of the ruined ships and the damage that had
been done ashore. Theboats and ferry houses
of the Hoboken Ferry Company were crowded
all day long, as were those of the Pennsylvania
Railroad ferry running from Twenty-third
street to Jersey City, and of other ferries whose
course would carry passengers within view of
the piers and hulks. The harbor was full of
yachts and other craft which cruised up and
down from the Saale, lying on the Communipaw
flata, to the Main and the Bremen, which were
beached further up the river off Shadyside.

BATURDAY'S GREAT SPECTACLE.

What yesterday's crowds saw, no doubt, was
somewhat of a disappointment. The piers
were burned away so that only the stumps
of the piles showed above the water, The
blackened hulks of the ships were more
satisfactory a» Spectacies, but even they
gave little indication of the awful sight
made by the fire while it was burning.
Those who witnessed the great volume of
flame and smoke rolling up from the Jersey
shore on Saturday afternoon and the river
full of blazing vessels drifting down the
stream have in their minds a vivid picture
of the most spectacular fire ever seen in or
about this city. Flags generally were at half-
mast along the water front yosterday.

The greatest interest yesterday centred about
the threeships that were burned. There is
some doubt as to whether any of them will ever
be of much value. The Saale, it is said, is a
total loss and of the Main nothing that remains
is of use except the engines. There is believed
to be more hope for the Bremen.

DIVERS WORK ON THE SAALB.

The Saale liesin the mud about three-quar-
ters of a mile off Communipaw, N.J. She is a
mere skeleton aloft. Her machinery is said to
be worthless. Twelve dead bodies have been
taken from her, including one which has been
identified as that of Capt. Mirow. There are
otheis in the hold, the number of which is vari-
ously estimated at from twenty to fifty. Divers
worked all day getting out the dead and will
resume their efforts this morning. Two of the
biggest derricks in the harbor are employed on
the wreck.

THIRVES ABOARD THE BREMEN,

The Bremen, which was aiso afire, was finally
beached on the west side of the river opposite
Shadyside. Men explored the port side
of the} ship yesterday and found
no bodies, Thestarboard side was too hot to
be searched, Assoon as the Bremen became
cool enough for persons to be able to goon
deck, thieves gotinto her cabin and stolea
great deal of jewelry and clothing belonging to
the officers. Relic hunters were numerous and
seemed to covet every movable thing that they

 

Chicago, St. Louis and All Leading Western
Clittes

Are reached readily with comfort and safety by the
ou zp neeee trains of the Pennsylvania road.

Fair and warmer to-day and to-morrow,

o

 

 

 

| could get away with, The seventeen sturdy
| Germans belonging to the engineer's depart-
ment of the Bremen, who were imprisoned be-
tween the decks, were rescued on Saturday
night.

While the Main was burning at her pier tugs
were hitched to her and she was towed up the
river. After they had left her she drifted over
alongsids the Bremen, where she lies ona
nearly even keel. If the Bremen were as upright
as she a good jumper could easily leap from one
ship to the other. She isstillafire. A great
part of her sides are red hot and she will burn
probably for several days. Capt. Petermann
thinks that there are fifty dead in the hold of
the ship. Others who have facilities for know-
ing something about the matter believe that
even more bodies will be found when it is pos-
sible to examine her.

SEVEN HOURS IN A FIERY PRISON.

Perhaps the most thrilling escape of the
whole conflagration was that of a party of
fifteen men belonging to the Main's engine
department. The men—thirteen mechanics in
charge of two engineers—were away down in
the ship’s after hold below the water line tin-
kering about one of the shafts when they heard
the alarm. Escape was cut off from the decks,
60 at the advioe of the engineers a!) fifteen
went below again and took refuge in one
of the shaft tunnels. This is a compart-
ment about thirty feet long by seven
wide and seven high, and in it the
party remained for a good part of the seven
and a half hours they were cooped up in
the greatest peril and ,euffering. When
the Main was beached alongside the Bremen
all hands gave her up, she was such a flery
wreck, and devoted attention to the Bremen.
Great therefore was the surprise when a feeble
hail was heard coming from the Main and
greater still was it when it was discovered that
there were fifteen men on her deck who had
remained alive aboard her throughout that
seven-hour ordeal. They werespeedily rescued
and sent to a hotel in Hoboken,

The men and women who were rescued from
the burning vessels were cared for ashore in
hotels and other places. There are about 125
injured people in hospitalsin this city and on
the other side of the river.

VIEWS AFLOAT,

THE Sun's tug made an afternoon cruise to
the ruins of the three liners and noted the in-
tense interest of Sunday excursionists out in all
manner of floating things, in the tragedy of
Saturday. Everywhere the water was dotted
with flotsam from burned lighters and barges
and the liners themselves. Charred boards and
masses of half-burned cotton floated in on one
tide and drifted out on the other, and much of
it found all-day lodgement in slipe and basins.
Some of it was gathered in by hundreds of
parties who ventured out on the rough water
in rowboats and little sailing craft.

The long-distance ferryboats plying between
Twenty-third street and the Pennsylvania sta-
tion at Jersey City and those running between
the Manhattan shore and Hoboken and Wee-
hawken were crowded with curious folks who
had read about the conflagration in the mom-
ing papers. The sides of the Pennsylvania
boats going up and dwn the North River facing
the smouldering ruins of the long piers were
jammed tothe rails. Boats going up the river
always hada heavy list to port and those com-
ing down keeled away over to starboard.

SPECTATORS ON THE HILLSIDE.

The curiosity afloat was more than paralleled
by the Interest ashore. The picturesque green
slopes of Hoboken to the northwest of the scene
of the fire were thronged with men and women,
the latter in bright sunny attire which helped
to relieve the monotony of the emerald back-
ground, They looked like an audience in the
seats of an amphitheatre. The high walls of
the Palisades, off which the Bremen and the
Main lay, were crowced wit! spectators. What
they could see from their elevation must have
appeared somewhat dia to them, as they were
oniy faintly visible to the few men aboard the
Main and the Bremen and the many onthe
decks of the ‘ugs still around there.

THE WRECKERS AT THE BREMEN,

The wrecking boat Hustler was pumping two
good streams into the Bremen, which was
headed up stream lying on her port side at a
slant of nearly forty-five degrees in about fil-
teen feet of water. The little tugboat Florence
amused the people who came outin amall craft
and hovered around the wrecks by playing a
stream which barely reached her deck, and was
not more effective than the water from a gar-
den hose, The Florence excited the derision of
the other tugboatmen, but kept on squirting as
if she had the water tower of the Now Yorker.

The great wrecking stes ver I. J, Merritt had
teen forced away from ier berth at \he star-
board side of the Bremen by the upcoming of
the blazing Main. She had clune to the liner
like a terrier, pouring in five powerful streams
almost incessantly since she grappled the
Bremen alittle after 4 o'clock on Saturday
afternoon, She was still atit yesterday, and
her skipper, Capt. Walcott, says she
may continue the work for four or five
days before she will be able to drown out en-
tirely the persistent firein her carg» compart-
ments, both forward and aft. When the Main
came along, Cant, Walcott was forced to let go
his hold for amoment and change over to the
starboard bow of the Bremen. He said he did
notthink that her engines would be fit for
much, and he regarded it as doubtful that she
wouldever be able to go into service again.
He thought that her hull) was etill in fair condi-
tion, especially below the water line.

 

MAIN A RUINED HULK.

Her Captain Thinks at Least Fifty Died on
Her—A Thrilling Rescue.

During seven hours and more while the steam-
ship Main blazed like the sun in heaven, there
lay, beneath that dreadful area of flame, fifteen
men. What was going on above they knew
not. All that they knew was that the ship was
afire and that their officers were with them and
would tell them what to do. So they followed
those officers with the blind and fatalistic fidel
ity of the Teutonle sailor and, long after the
rescuing parties had given up hope of getting
another living being from the ship, they crawled
out into safety and were taken away on a tug.

Their rescue forms an even more marvellous
chapter in the great fire tragedy than does the
raving of the pent-inmen onthe Bremen. How
many dead were left behind them in the bowels
of that floating furnace is a matter for terrible
conjecture. Capt. Petermann of the ship says
that fifty men were lost altogether, according
to hia most conservative estimate. Those who
have been on board of the Main and know the
circumstances of her destruction-—for destroyed
she is, all except her sheil—would not be sur-
prised should her dead mount up to twice that
number. As yet nothing that can be posi-
tively identified as a human body has been
found upon her, but the fire still shuts off the
places of refuge where those who were hope-
lessly henimed in would have taken refuge, to
die by water rather than by fire. It will belong,

Westcott Express will check your baggage from
residence to destination. Brauch offices in New York
end Brooklyn connected by telephone —Ada,

ee EE eee

 

 

ll cea ee Te yEynE yyy Ene a

-_

PRICE TWO CENTS.

too, before the hatchways, whore the crew and
the stevedores were can be explored for they are
still masses of coals. Itmay be days yet before
anything like a complete list of the dead aboard
the Main is obtainable and it !s more than Itkely
that in that fearful heat some bodies were de-
stroyed entirely.

ATTACKED BY FIRE ON ALL SIDES.

When tle first flames reached her the Main
was on the north of her pier taking on a carro
of cotton and grain. Her crew of 160 men were
at work loading her and with them were from
100 to 150 stevedores and longshoremen: just
how many will in all likelihood never be known.
From all sides at once, as it seemed to thoee
aboard of her, the fire caught her. The busy
workers in the hold were remote from the warnh-
ing of peril. Only a few people were on deck.
It is thought, although this is not certain, that
there were some visitors looking over the ship
and the finding of a pair of little shoes in one of
the cabins with what appear to be the remains
of charred flesh and bones in them gives a
ghastly confirmation to this bellef.

Who first saw the ship's danger is not known,
but Capt. Peterman seems to have been the
the first to appreciate it. He was in his cabin
when he heard the crackling of the fire eating
its way along Pier 2 which had caught from
Pier3. As he ran out on deck and cast a glance
around }im it seemed aa if the ship were hemmed
in on every sido, Already the Thingvalla
Line pier was ablaze to the north of him, while
below him the two North German Loyd pliers
were spouting flery ruin and the wind driving
the flames outward formed a terrible barrier
between him and the open water beyond.
Nevertheless, to reach that open water seemed
his only chance, As he ran along the deok
he caught sight of bis first oMcer, Peterssen,

“Cast loose the ship,” he shouted to Petera-
6en,

In time of danger the first thought of the
experienced captain is to reach the bridge of
his ship. Hardly could Capt. Peterman have
found a more perilous place, but he ran to his
station and sent to the engine room his firat
and last signal; the only one for which he had
time. It was the order to man the pumrs
for the auxiliary engines, Steam was not
up for the main engines. From his high view-
point the captain looked about him for a tua.
Tugs enough were there but all were busy
with the other blazing vessels.

SCRAMBLING TOWARD ESCAPE.

He had just time to note that his own ship
was now afire from stem to stern and that the
blazing cotton bales on the lighters and on
the pier were deluging her with a shower of
fire when there swept up and over the bridge
a blast so flerce that he fell like a man shot
to the heart. When he staggeredto his feet
he was dazed and choking. He seemed to be
in the centre of a maeltsrom of withering heat.
How he got away he hardly knows. He re-
members vaguely clambering down to a deck
that scorched his feet and hearing wild cries
and shouts from all sides. Then he found
himself clinging to the starboard rail and
looking down into the water. There was a
raft below him and people on the raft who
were frantically signalling to a tug out near
the pier head. Feeling along the rail he touched
a rope that hung over and without hesitaticn
ewung over the side. In a moment he was
on the raft and then a row boat took him to
the shore.

As he went he saw his ship a mass of fife
from stem to stern. Everywhere her weod-
work was being licked up. From the bow,
which was nearest shore, he saw dark figures
plunge. Whether or not they made their way
to shore he could not tell in the fierce glare that
reflected from the water. His ship was gone,
and that without his having had a ehance to
save her, Almost from the first she was be-
yond hope, Some one had cast off the bow
hawsers, but the tide pressed the ship tight
against the pier and held her there as if with
rivets, Blazing lighters on one side of her
and blazing plier on the other, both filled
with the inflammable cotton, spouted upward
their red currents along her sides. It was @o
hopeless a case that the men who were fight-
ing the fire gave her up as lost after the firet
quarter of an hour and left her to her fate,
believing that those who had had time tojJump
into the river from her, even though they were
drowned there, had chosen the lesser death.

SAVED BY LIFE LINES,

Some there were who jumped from her decks
and found refuge on the lighters which bad
not yet become involved in the conflagration.
Others plunged and swam. Ready-witted
ofticers had ordered ropes let down at the firet
warning, and many lives were saved in this
way. A deck steward took a stewardess down
one of the ropes, and says that he saw many
other people follow, Spectators ashore seid
afterward that a woman threw herself from
the rail onto the centre of a lighter that was
all aflame and that almost before she landed
a man leaped after her, Both must have beeh
instantly kilt. First Officer Peterssm
jumped only after he had been severely burned,
and First Machinist Hartmann was also burned
in making his way across thedeck to the rail,
from which he jumped. One of the officera,
as soon as the peril of the ship was apparent,
shouted down the hold for the men who were
at work there to come up, and a etteam of
them poured out of the hatchways; but how
many came up nobody even pretends to @usss.

DARING TUGB GRAPPLB THE MAIN.

With the departure of the last human betng
who was seen to leap forth from that maae of
fire the Main was no more considered. The
beat that was hoped for her was that she would
sink where shelay. That any living being could
be aboard her wasn't regarded as within the
possibilities. But there were tugboats hovering
around whoee captains had their own ideas of
the possibilities of saving some part of the ship,
and when the pier had burned to the water's
edge and there was a chance to get in, the tngs
Peter Cahill and John Lee made for her. She
was etill fast at the stern. Capt.Moriarty of
the Lee got in close enough to reach the taut
steel hawsers that held her captive and at the
imminent peril of his life hacked them apart
with an axe. In doing ao he lost both of his
eyebrows and a large portion of his hair, but
as the last strand snapped the great flaming
hulk began to move sluggishly from the rem-
nants of the pier. Meantime the Cahill had
been circling about trying to find some spot
where a towing hawser could be made faet and
finally found one at the stern, where the rudder
yoke offered a hold. Under the stern Capt,
Curran of the tug was somewhat sheltered
from the heat, and he succeeded in making fast.
A moment later the Lee had also fastened on,
and under the impulsion of the powerful little
tugs hauling on the 6inch hawsers the liner
moved stern first out into the stream. As she
moved, a flaming spectre of a ship from be
tween emouldering ruins of the pliers, she
painted the sky above with a moving picture of
lurid and changing hues.

GROUNDED GIDE BY BIDE.

It was after 9 o’clock when she was fairly
on her way upstream. It was only property
that the tugboats were fighting for; had they
known that they were saving lives too their
procedure would doubtless have been differ-
ent. Asit was they dragged the liner doggedly,
foot by foot up the river until she was about
opposite Weehawken. The tugs Moran and
Kimpland joined in the pulling and among the
four the Main was finally siewed around and
headed for shore a little above where the blaz-
ing Bremen, fast aground, was lighting up the
heavens with her sigual of distress. Not quite

 

     

 

 

 

Breathe saline ozone July 4th; spend day on Len
Island Sound. See Ady. new tien peal Castel
W, Ohapin.~Ade

 

 
 

a