NA ane

ee ee

 

  
 

 

enough space was allowed the Main, for under
the impulse of the wind and current she sagged

down and before she had fairly settled into |

the muddy bottom she was so near to her sister
ship that one could almost have leaped from
deck to deck. As they lay there spouting up
flame-lit smoke they looked like two battleships
that had grappled to their mutual destruc-
tion.

Up the river steamed the fireboat New Yorker
to see if there was anythings he could do. Giving
up the Main as beyond aid she devoted her at-

tention to the Bremen, which lay between |

the other ship and the shore. The tugs were
still hovering like faithful attendants about
the doomed ship, watching the progress of
the fire in the glow of her red-hot sides. It
was nearly 11 o'clock when there came out of
the darkness where they lay together a hail.
4 HAIL FROM THE MAIN.

“Did you hear that?”

Another of the tugs answered.
is it?”

“A nolee aboard the Main. Somebody ham-

“No, what

“It isn’t possible. Nobody could live aboard
of her. Look at her. She's almost white-hot
now."

Nevertheless all the tugs edged in closer;
so close that the men on their forward decks
held interlaced fingers before their eyes while
they painfully peered through the whirling
smoke that enveloped them in the hope of find-
ing something to account for the alleged ham-
mering.

“Might be some donkey engine atill going,”
came the suggestion from one of the tugs.

As near that infernal area of heat and smother
as they could endure it, the tugmen held
their place, but nothing further was heard.
They were just about to draw away when from
a low coal port about midships there flashed
a light. It was not the red light of the fire,
but a clear white radiance, a signal that meant
beyond the possibility of doupt that some
living creature was aboard that fire ship ap-
pealing for rescue. There was a wild yell
from the tua men and together the boats moved
forward but another tug was before them.
The little Stevens had darted down stream
past the bow of the Main and now poked her
nose, well swaddled in dripping hemp against
the side of the liner. A cloud of steam hissed
up at the point of contact. Capt. Gilkinson
of the Stevens hailed the Main.

“Aboard the Main! Is there anybody there?

“Even then,” said the captain afterward,
“I almost thought that the light must have
been a hallucination, and I hardly expected
to get an anawer.”

But the answer came promptly.

“Take us off for God's sake!
fifteen of us here.”

“Drop down,” shouted Gilkinson. “We'll
stand by till you're all safe. But do it quick.
We'll be afire ourselves in two minutes.”

Some of his men came forward bringing
water which they threw on the decks and over
the captain and themselves. There seemed
to be an interminable delay upon the stam-
ship. The tugboat men danced upon their
smouldering deck and yelled for the Main's
survivors to jump and be extremely quick
about it They did not know that the delay
was caused by the man who had signalled,
turning back to shout to his fellows thac help
was at hand and they must follow him as fast
as possible. Presently ,he hauled himself
through the coal port and peered down into
the darkness with blinded eyes. He was almost
naked. In the glare from the ship's sides he
Jooked like nouhing human and the deckhands
recoiled in horror from the apparition.

“We're right below you. Jump!” shouted
the captain.

The man jumped, was caught and instantly
his place was taken by another red-lit and
half-naked figure, which in turn launched itself
forth into the air. Then came a third and a
fourth. The fifth hesitated before the jump
and it was seen that supporting hands from
behind held him. He fel! rather than jumped,
but Capt. Gilkinson was ready and caught
him in his arms. Other figures followed
swiftly until the first man out, who had been
keeping count, reported that all were out,

There are

THEIRS A FEARFUL STORY.

“We've got 'em!” shouted the Stevens tri-
umphantly to the rest of the little fleet of tugs,
and the others gave them a cheer. Only one
of the rescued men was badly injured, the
man who had fallen. He was in great pain
and seemed to be blinded. The others com-
plained of discomfort of the eyes from the
great heat and of irritation of the skin, but
otherwise they seemed to be all right. As
the Stevens moved out the other tugs crowded
around to ask if the men had really been aboard
all the time. It was almost too much for their
powers of believing.

The story told by the men was a terrible
one, although they themselves took it quietly
enough and seemed, for the most part, to have
taken it for granted throughout that they
would be saved. This is how they had con-
trived to live, as it were, beneath the crater
of a floating volcano for more than seven hours,
for it was nearly half past 11 when thelast of
them dropped safely upon the deck of the
Btevens. All of them were engine-room men
and they were busy doing some repairing about
the shaft when they got orders to man the
pumps that supply the auxiliary engines. That
something had happened overhead they
guessed. What it was they had no way of
knowing. Anyway, they didn’t consider it
any of their business. What they had to do
was to obey orders and trust in their officers
ff anything was wrong above to take care of
them. With them were two engineer officers,
Danko and Peters. After they had got the
pumps to working, Second Engineer Lansberg
came running down and told them that the
ship was afire.

ORDER THAT CAME TOO LATER.

“All hands on deck,’ he said. “Save your.
gelves as best you can. The ship {s afire all
over.”

Then he disappeared and made his escape
by a@ curious course which will be described
later. Another order was given to close the
skylights. Then the men started upward.
They were met by a fearful blast of smoke
through which pierced tongues of fame. To
attempt to reach the deck that way was cer-
tain and instant death. Back they turned
and ran into the engine room. Already the
fumes from the cargo which had caught were
sifting into the room and the alr was choking.
Forward of the engine room are the quarters
of the engine force. There a dozen of them
clustered, waiting for directions. These came
from Third Engineer Danko who bade them go
into the shaft tunnel. While they were there
three more of the engineer's fo roe joined them.
The three were almost blinded and half
choked by the gases and fumes they had en-
coudtered. They could not tell whence they
had come. Ali that they knew was that they
had been nearly caught by the flames when
they tried to get up to the deck and rushing
back into a smoke-filled place had thrown
themselves flat upon their bellies and wriggled
hither and thither, always hoping for better
air and always finding more smoke, until they
heard voices and found their companions.
Here, then, were the fifteen men in exactly
the position of miners buried in a burning
mine, and with every exit cut off. What they
hoped for, in fact what they seemed to have
expected confidently, was that the fire would be
conquered and that they would be taken out.
In their desperate circumstances they seem
not to have for a moment lost faith that their
officers would take care of them and bring
them safely to the open air again,

HUNTING FOR A PLACE OF REFUGE

Men who work in the engine rooms of trans-
atlantic steamships are accustomed to high
degrees of heat, 50 these men contrived to be
moderately comfortable in a temperature
which to the average man would have been
excruciating. The smoke, however, was a
constant menace. A draught carried it into
the passage and the men were led back to the
engine room, but here the air was impracti-
cable for breathing purposes. Nearby were
empty coal bunkers, One of the officers opened
ap ai:shaft bole that somewhat cleared the

—— ee

te ee ee

ee ee

i Meee

crevices and

'
atmosphere. Thro
| Dipe be ye fumes made

motif

| pipe holes, however, the stifilng

their way.

. . Off shirts,” came the order, “and stop those
oles,

Thick woollen wear is the costume of the
stoker and the shirts were admirably adapted
| tothe pepe to which they were now put. One
| hole after another was stopped, and the sweet

 

air from the airshaft soon purified the atmos-
phere
the swoke through the gratings and now it
was necessary for the men to turn in their
trousers As Stop gaps.
| All the time the heat was increasing. The
| sides of the v glowed rediv and the men
shrunk together in a huddle at the centre of
the bunker. Then Danko thought of the air-
| shaft and a possible connection with a ladder
that led up toa coal port. It was a hard climb
and there wasn't much of a chance that the port
would be open. But any chance ts good enough
for men who are being grilled between red-hot
walls. Up the airshaft was the order, and the
men obeyed it as best they could, climbing
clum my eae with many falls up the pipes within
the ah . From there they gained a platform,
whenee led a ladder wrard to the coal port
on the starboard side. fore they had reached
the platform they saw that the port was closed
Thev had no wrench nor way to get one, but @
com pany of engine men fighting for their lives
are! kely to be fertile of expedienta and shifts
One of the few remain garments in the
outfit was commandoed and stout strips torn
from it. With these a eort of knot was con-
trived which gave a purchase upon the bolt that
held the co. rt in place. Once loosened the
nut came off readily. It was blistering hot
work, almost against the side of the ship, but
fortunately at that one point the steel plates
were a little less heated than they were just
forward and just aft. Once the coalport swung
loose a great puff of fresh air gave heart to the
they shouted in chorus.
HEARD BY THOSE ON THE TUCS.
Meantime some of them had been pounding
on the side of the ship with pokers and other
metal implements, and doubtless that ia the
noise which was first heard by those on the
tugs. One of the engineers had brought with
him to the coalport a. “petticoat lamp,” such
din coal bunkers, as it doer not ex-
gas. With this as a signal he was
seen a6 800n ax he noted the pres-
ence of the tugs. Hardly a minute had elapsed
after he showed the light when he saw the
tugs making toward
puty were saved. All of them were taken to
oe and most of them went to Rusack's
Hotel, wrapped in such garments as Capt.
Gilkinson could find for them, As soon as he
condition Mr. Rusack came
ht clothing for them.
The rescued men are Julius Wiesner stoker;
Fritz Beckmann, stoker; Heinrich Wagner,
coal passer; Third Engineer Danko, Fourth
Engineer Peters; Christian Guenther, water
tender; Alois Fischer, stoker; August Von
Bergen, coal passer, Carl Mehl, coal passer.
Richard Gormy, stoker; Max Guse, coal passer;
A. Tipfer; oiler, and three boys. Mehl, who was
the only man severely injured, was taken to
St. Mary's Hospital.

HOW LANSBEROER GOT AWAY.
Engineer Lansberger, who gave the first
warning to the engine room men, had the nar-
Fowest kind of an escape himself. On attempt-
ing to retrace his steps he found to his amaze-

d terror that the way was blocxed by
smoke, but he did not lose he head,

men an

as is use

im-and knew that the

saw their pee
to New York and

ent
re an
Lookin
a ventilator close at hand.
It was no ver’

Inside this were

two 4inch pipes. difficult

matter for an active man to climb these, and |

he soon found himeelf on deck. But what a
deck it was, The heat struck savagely through
his shoea and it seemed to him that fanies
were darting at him from ever: side. A pall
of smoke drifted between him and the rail.
He dashed through it and fortunately found a
ope with which he let himself down upon a
ig ter, The lighter was ablaze but a tug took
him off.

“I wanted to shout to some of the other men
to follow me,” he said afterward, “but before
1 could shout they were gone and | did not see
them again.”

HE MAIN AN UTTFR WRECK.

To one who visited the ship yesterday as
she lay imbedded in the mud off Shadyside,
the tact of any one having lived through seven
hours of the fire aboard her was well-nigh
incredible, In iact, the tugboat captains
who had not taken part in or seen the rescue,

flatly declined to believe that it had taken |

The ship was a mere phangom, «risly

place.
Her woodwork was represented

and gaunt.
by lines of black charring against the hideous
mottled buff of the flame-tainted steel. Her
metal work was twisted into shapes beyond
imagination. On the main deck everything
that was not of metal was simply annihilated.
A chronometer jound in one of the cabins was
simply fused metal and glass, The dining
room ware was twisted into all sorts of quaint
shapes. The steel uprights of the dining salou

curved like sticks of molasses candy in
the tremendous heat, letting the roof down
to within a yard of the floor.

On the hurricane deck there was a mourn-
{yl memento of the provision made for _lite-

ving from the water. Where a row of lite

reservers had been there rested a row of gray-

sh shells, circulay and rounded. At a touch
they crumbled and were blown away by the
wind. Between decks everything was a_hid-
eous jumble. It was like the slag in a blast
furnace, strange shapes of unrecognizable
things on all hands,

In one of the cabins Charles Youngber,
Peter Rasmussen, two of the earliest explorers
vesterday, found a pair of little shoes and in
hem what looked to be charred remains of
feet. Even well along in the afternoon it was
difficult to make one’s way about the ship be-
cause of the heat of the decks, A stream of

and

water was kept playing on the starboard side |

a little aft of amidships. In the afternoon
Capt. Petermann visited the ship with hi- third
officer and went about asfarashe could, Much
of the ship is still cut off from exploration. He
made his way through the superheated zone
that envelops t enginesroom stairs, and
once inthe enginesroom found the temperature
cooler than on deck. The engines, said,
were intact, practically speaking, but the rest of
the ship was a dead joss, Even the plates were
warped all out of shape.

AS SUDDEN AS AN EXPLOSION, ALMOST.

“I have never seen or heard of such a fire,”
said he to a Sun reporter who met
the ship.
time to do anything.
wind.
blaze.
There was the cotten on the lighters and the
cotton on the pier and the cotton in our hold, but
even taking all that into consideration as in-

It came on us like © whirl-

The air was full of fire on all sides of us

flammable matertal I am simply astounded be- |

yond comprehension at the way the flames over-
whelmed us. By the time I got on deck I could
see that we were threatened on all sides, but |
had hardly gained the bridge before a wave of
fire and amoke swept over it and put me down,
If the ship had blown up under me it could not
have been much more sudden ot off by a
rope that I let myself down with.
terrible accident,

“At what figure do you estimate the loss of
life?” asked the reporter.

FIFTY DEAD A SMALL ESTIMATE,

“How can I tell," said the captain, shaking
his head. “We do not know even how many
were aboard her. There were nv paseengers
on board, but there may have been visitors,
It is likely, being Saturday afternoon, I should

r ly fifty people were lost; ves,
fifty was a small estimate.
think more were drowned than burned. Many

rushed Ww an jumped overboard at the first
alarm. It may ‘

bodies and make any reckoning. We had a
crew of 160 men and there were many work-
t work loading

that prob:
Thou id eay tha

nen the ship. There may
have a hundred of them or perhaps a
undred and fifty. They were all in the hola
I am told that the alarm was given to them
early and that most of them got out, but prob-
ly not all of them. If they found themselves
emmed in they would naturally take to the
jlge, as that is below waterline and the part
of ie ship most remote from the flames. If
they are in the bilge they were drowned when
the ship was run aground. Forward and aft
the bilge is still cut off by fire and as the cotton
and grain that inake up our cargo are slow burn-
fi may be a long time before we shail find
bodies there. I think the shin is a total loss
except the engines. What willbe done about
setting tem out I cannot yet say.”
H.

ing,

hier, one ofthe stewards of the Main
who is at the Hotel Hudson in Hoboken, give
the name of one man whom he believes to he
“T was in the pantries,” he said yester-
“with Steward Bullman_when I smelled
the smoke and said to him. “The ship is afire’!
‘It's only steam,’ he said, T told him I was
nd advisedjhim to follow but he
shut the door on me. | went up and found
the ship all aflame. On the way across the
deck I saw Mrs. Phillip, e stewardess and let
her down by a rope Mrs. Meyer, another
stewardess came running up but was afraid

ost.
day,

going on dec

to godown the rope
overboard aod Paymaster H asselmann jumped
in after her and saved her
that Bullmann was lost."

BOY WAS LOST.
Louis Meister, 26 years old, was an oiler on

I am very sure

the Main and was prenee up in the river by |
a

Mutual and taken to _ Bellevue
Hospital. Ashe lay on his cot yesterday after-
noon a woman called to see him. Between
sobs she asked if he knew anything about her

the tugboat

aister, 2/Mrsa. Klopter, and her little boy Frank, |

who had called to see him on the ship on Satur-
day afternoon

"Mrs. Klopter and her little boy Frank called
to see me on Saturday afternoon,” he said,
“shortly after dinner. She lives in Elizabeth,
N. J., and was a friend of mine in Germany
After taking them all over the new ship, and
as I was bidding them good-by, we walked
out on the promenade deck, and all I could
see was fire. There was a echooer lying along-
side of the ship, and I told her to jump on the
deck of it, which she did. After she jumped
I saw the schooner wos afire and had been
cut loose and was Grifting out in the river.
While she jumped I held the boy in my arms
I then jumped with the oniid and landed In
the water among thirty men whe could not
swim. They pulled at me, and at lat I drew
a long knife from my hip pocket, and ' don’t
think that I cut any nody, but I aucceedet ti

getting them off. But in the scuffie I lost the

  

But changing currents above drove |

about him for some way out he noted |

him aboard |
“It was so sudden that there was no |

In an instant the whole ship was in a |

thas heena |
The ship had no chance to |

get away. [ ordered her cut loose, hut the tide |
awung her against the pier and the fire just
poured aboard her.”

«long before we can get their |

Afterward she tumped !

 

 

 

; —
up by a tugboat.
HAD TO SWIM FOR IT.

The first officer, Peterson, tossed about on a
cot in St. Mary's Hospital in Hoboken yester-
day, with his hands and face tied in bandages.
We were laying two piers from where the
fire started,” he said, “the Main being at the
great pier, Capt. Peterman gave omMers to
cut loose from the pier and we did so, but
couldn't get a tug to pull us away. saw 8OV-
eral tugs near and shouted to them, but they
all headed for the Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse
and paid no attention to us. A minute later
we found our ship {n flames. Some of the crew
umped to the pier and some plunged over-
vard. I suppose there were ahundred men
aboard at the time. There were fifty in the
engine room and a few of them m to
wet on deck, Others made for the shaft tun-
| nels. I had to wai aboard the burning ship to
see that every one got off. I shouted and then
waited, remaining at least fifteen minutes.
There wasn't a sign of life aboard and I jumped
to a nearby lighter,which waa crowded with our
men and longshoremen, We loosened the
lighter to let her drift away, but a minute later
she started to burn and the flames were-eating
her up when we got aboard another lighter.
In the meantime anour twenty-five had been
seen in the water swimming for dear life. The
second lighter caught fire and the crowd got
aboard a third one, Provanly ten men in the
crowd went overpoard instead of getting on the
third lighter The third lighter caught fire
when there were about twenty-flye men on
her. We all jumped overboard and proceeded
to swim for it. I saw about a dozen go down,
and they did not. come to the surface again. The
bunch who were left swam under one of the
piers to get away from the burning lighters
which were chasing us down. One of the purn-
ing lighters drifted right into the crowd after
we got from beneath the pier and after thay
only saw three men of the twenty-five who
jumped overboard whenI did. I wasswimm!
around for 45 minutes before I was pick
up by a tug. My face and hands h been
burned and my legs were in awful shape. It's
my opinion that about thirty-five of the Main's
erew were drowned.”

FIRST ENGINEER'S STORY.

Paul Hartman, the first engineer of the Main,
who is also in St. Mary's Hospital suflering from
burns and bruises, said he saved himself b
clinging to a log after going overboard. “
was writing a letter in my rocm,” said Hart-
man, “when I heard the ory of ‘Fire!’ Rushin
up on deck I saw Pier 8 in flames. I ordere

;} the engineers to pumps for fire duty. All of
the engineers stuck to their places, as did the
coal passers, I expected a command from the
ofiicer on the bridge, but none came. Again
went up on deck, Seven minutes had elaye«
from the time TI heard the cry of tire. hen
ot on deck again I saw the three piers burning.
yur ship was om apd our second officer
shouted for our people to leave her as soon as
they could get off. I ran along the deck and
shouted: ‘Mr. Heims, is the ship given up!’
He answered ‘No; save her if possible.’
we had to run for our lives, I ordered all out
from below. Some of the crowd, engineers
and stokers, were coming up and made for the
side of the ship.
“T went with themand we got aboard a lighter.
Some of our men had got on another lighter.
The one I got on had almost seventy-five men
on her. We all crowded aft. Then the lighter
eaught fire. The stewards and firemen jumped
overboard and IT jumped. The burning lighter
drifted and scattered the crowd in the water
I swam under the pier I had not tried ewim-
' ming in sixteen vears and found IT could barely
keep my head above water. I wasfagged out
| and ready tosink when I cavght hold of one of
the «files under the pier. After resting a few
minutes I_swam to a second pier, and then to

 

 

 

 

a third. While on the wav to the third pler
| another burning lighter came ovifting along
| and to get out of the way I weut back under

| the second pier. There I saw the end of a
rone hanging and I clung to {t for another
rest, The pler above me was burning and I
saw it would be all up with me if I neglected
to get away. Deciding to take a chance in
| the open | swam toward the New York ashore.
1 was just ready to give up, and satisfied that
1 was a goner when a log about seven feet
long came drifting down the river. I made
up mv mind that T could save my life by reach-
ing that log. I had an awful struggle to reach
it The wind drove the log toward the New
| York side of the river, but I clyng to it until
| the Pennsylvania tug Belvidere came along
; and picked me up.”

Anton Stankow and Alfred Peteras,Freq
tively third and fourth engineers of the Main,
told yesterday of their experience in the shaft
tunnel andin the coal bunkers for seven and
one-half hours while the {fire raged overhead.

TOOK REFUGE IN THE SHAFT TUNNEL.

“There were fifteen in all of us there,” said
Stankow, “Peters and myself, two assistants
and eleven firemen. We were hard at work
below when the pier caught fire and did not
think that we were in danger. There was
steamon inonly one boiler, and when I learned
that there was a fire about us I went up to look
around and then went back to get the steam
pumps to work. In less than two minutes
after that the glare of the fire could be seen
through the ventilator and we made a dash
for the upper deck, The fire cut us off. There
was nothing for us to do then but to run for
the shaft tunnel. The tunnel is about fifteen
feet under the water line and we thought that
we might keep cool there. We closed the
door leading to the engine room and waited.

“For a little while we were all right, for the
heat had not then crawled far down the side
of the ehip and the water kept it cool. We
| talked to each other and cheered ench other
up, for then we thought that help was near
and that it would be a question of but a little
time when we would be freed The ftrat half
hour passed and then the tunnel became like
a furnace. We could hear the flames above
and could hear the shouts of the firemen, but
all seerued 4 long distance off. Fack man then
| complained of a queer feeling in his heod. Mine
began to buzz and when I stood up for a mo-
ment I came near falling. But that was only
the first half hour

LIKE A BIG OVEN,

“When about an hour passed the men no
longer snoke to each other. The tunnel fs
about 80 feet long by 7 feet square and the
sides of it at the top were so hot that a man’s
hand was blistered when he touched it. The
men then lay on the iron floor, all gasping for
air. Some of them had cetton waste and they
shared it around. This they stuffed into their
rrouths and nostrils, tor by this tine the smoke
that came through the openings in the door
was very dene ond it seemed as if we must all
die soon from suffocation

“Only the ventilator leading to the tunnel
shaft saved us. This gave us something of a
draft and carried off the smoke that poured
into the dark tunnel. Through the yentilator
we conld cateh at tines some of the glare of
the fire and « {see the clouds of smoke that
rose from th rning ship. The sides of the

 

 

  

tunnel grew hotter os the tine went on. We
| eould hardly see each other, for the only light
| we had, a kerosene lamp, was just about flick-

ering out for want of oil I have heard of
miners caught down in their mines, but if their

2f@ wns any worse than ours it must have
been fearful!

“The men behaved bravely throughout.
While we could not but feel that we were fac-
| ing death, there was no cringing. Occasionally
| A man would take the cotton waste out of his

mouth to get what he thought might be a good
luniul of air, but he soon put it back again,
| for the air was as hot as fire could make it and
, a whiff of it seemed to burn the chest out of
you.
GASPING POR BREATH IN DARKNESS.

“The hours went by and the men rolled
around on the floor gasping for breath. aes
a while the lamp went out and we were in tot
darkness. Then it was even worse. The
sides of the tunvel appeared to be red hot
Some of the firemen were foolish enough to
strip off what little clothes they ha hey
put them on again soon, for the iron scorched
the flesh. All this time the fire was going on
and we, though fifteen feet below the water-
line, could hear it and thought that every min-
ute would bring the flames into our place of
| refuge. Then we knew that they might beach

the ship and that meant that the hold would
be flonded and that we would get from water
the death we had escaped from fire.

“After the first three hours | scarcely knew
what happened. All | know is that there was
the long wait in what seemed to be a death
trap and there was no sign or moan from any
ot us. In fact,we were too seared to talk even
if we could do so with all the cotton waate in
our mouths

FELT THE SHIP MOVE--THEN GROUND.

“We had felt the moving of the steamship
aa she was being towed trom her pier. We
could feel her as she was backed out of the
dock and turned in some direction--we did
not know where. This was the eritical time
for us, for we knew that the Main would soon
be run on the Jersey flats and flooded. Of
course we did not know in. what direction we
were going, Suddeniy we felt the vessel stop.
We knew that she had been run aground, for
we were close to the keel and could hear her
grinding into the mud, J have no idea what
time it Was then, but [ know that it Was many
years to us trom the time that we had first
run inte the tunnel

"Though the heat remained in the iron of
the ship we knew that the lames were under
control for there was less of the roaring over-
head. It was then that Peters decided to get
a lamp that was in the room just outside the
tunnel. When he opened the door the smoke
beat him back and for a time he gave up all
thought of getting the lamp. It was late then
‘and no man among us h id strength for much
exertion. After a while Peters decided to
uke another ettempt to get the lamp. We
{had then been in the tunnel for over seven
hours. As Peters started for the lamp it oc-
curred to me that we might make our way

 

 

 

Y to the coal bunkers and perhaps escape by
way of the coal port on the port side, for it
was in the tunnel of the port shaft that we had

 

| remainedeall the while. The tiremen picked
| themselves up trom the floor and all of us could

bare'y drag ourselves forward to the coal
| bunkers

RESCUED AT LAST

“There we rested a while and a ladder was
run up tothe port hole, [went up and pushed
the door open, aud a» I stuck my head out the
hot sides of the ship seoerehed my shoulders,
But it was wort’ a lot of scorching to get a whiff
of good air. Toere were tugboats all around
us and I waved my hands and shouted for one
It was some minutes, which seemed to me like
as many years, before the men on the tug

  

THE SUN, MONDAY.

 

boy. All I remember next fs that I was picked

——— = ——

George 8.  gome BE a! A signals. Then

} me ¢ n

a state that they could Fyclimb ¢

and when they Teached

dropped into the tug or into the water.

sd 1 11:80 ei P ing te Moller of the
orth man Y was

he took t p

an
boken, where we were cared for.”

Nei Officers Stankow nor Peters showed |
xostarcay any sign of the ordeal through which
they passed, Both are sturdy Germans and the
siee. Be cates See deer

5 on new “store” olo
in short order in Hoboken, and the only thing

that seemed to worry Peters was the crease
in his new trousers, which he did not like.
FIREMAN TELLS HIS STORY.

Most of the who had been impriso
were found at ‘a Hotel within the
lines in Hoboken. They looked tired and
but there were no outward 3 3
bleexperience. They crowded aroun
heir spokeaman told their story to THE

rtere in their various dialects of Ger-
tan or none could speak English. This is

tale told by Julius Wiesener, fireman, from
Erosion in Silesia, a dark middle-aged mau
who didn’t seem to think that anything remarks
able had ba ned to him. When he tated
he was he! out by Fritz Beckmann, fireman
from Steinfeldbusoh,in Brunswick, who asemed
to have acquired some Yankee prighwess,
and by Heinrich Wagner, stoker, from oigrgis.
fR Saxony, a boy in his teens, who seemed &
ittle surprised at the incidents that ocour in
a aeafarer's career. Fireman Wiesener said:

“T was at work with others in the engine room
of the Main when we got orders to put the pump
to work, Pretty soon the second engineer
ordered all hands on deck and and part of the
men under the third and fourth engineers set
to work to close the engine room skylighta,
I was sent to the steam winch forward, but
found that the fire had already reached it, and
that the preport of the ship was in a blaze, 50
T turned back with the rest of the men. [ ran
back aft alone along the upper deck, but saw
that the stern was also in flames. So I worked
my way back to the engine room staff's sleep-
ing quarters where I found a lot of other men.
It kept getting hotter and hotter so that a’ter

while we left the engine room and took shelter

n the malnshaft tunnel. There were then
twelve of us including the third engineer, Mr.
Stankow, and the fourth engineer, Mr. Peters.
More than two hours after this three other men
joined us. They were d and f suffo-
cated by smoke and came down to us thro

the ventilating shaft. In what part of the ship
they had been before I do not know.

“Mr Stankow made us stuff up the head of
the tunnel with our shirts and trousers to peep
out the smoke, After a while we went bac
to the engine room and as we couldn't breathe
there, we had to throw open the slide into an
empty coal bunker where we found a little air.
Then the third en r ordered us to make
our way up an alrshaft and a fire ladder in-
aide of it to a coal port, from whioh we called
for help by shouting and whistling. Then In-
epectot Moller came along with a tug and took

8 off.

NOT IMPRESSED BY THEIR ADVENTURE.

When Ta Sun reporter asked the men how
they felt while solng ‘rough their ordeal,
and if they had ever given up the hope of being
saved they did not seem to understand. They
said that they had not thought of that at all:
that they tried to do the work as their officers
ordered, and had felt somewhat more uncom-
fortable than usual. They were surprised, too,
and very much pleased when told that their
experience would undoubtedly be printed in
the newspapers i Germany. It seemed that
for the first time the idea got into their heads
that they had passed through something out
of the common.

LIPELINE SNAPPED.

Steward H. Schier of the Main said that he was
at work cleaning one of the ship's pantries when
he first became alarmed. He called to asteward
named Bullmann, who was at work in another
pantry. Bullmann responded that [t was “only
some smoke,” and closed the door of his pantry,
shutting himeelf in. Schier did not see Bull-
mann afterthat. Schier then went on deck and
found his escape to the pier out off. A steward-
ess, a Mrs. Phillips, was persuaded to lower her-
self to the water with Schier and the two were
picked NP. by asmall boat. Another stewardess,
a Mrs. Meyer, was rescued by Paymaster Has-

se

E, Prechner, one of the sailors at the Hotel
Hudson, Hoboken, was at work below cleaning
the forward starboard hold of the Main. With
twenty others he rushed on deck and all tried to
crowd over the side on a single lifeline at once,
The line snapped and the men were plunged
into the water. Preohner swam to a floating
barrel, but {t aank when he crawled on it. Then
he tried to swim to a small boat, but the strong
tide prevented. Finally he caught a rope from
a coal boat, the crew of which was trying to cut
her away from the endangered niers. Of the
men who fell into the water with him when the
lifeline snapped he has seen only three since.

ESCAPED ON THE ELEVATOR THEMIS.

The grain elevator Themis, which was stock-
ing the Main at the outbreak of the fire, had an
erciting time in making her eacape. The two
veasela were held together br heavy hawerers
and the grain pipe conections above, Flames
aprang up suddenly in the stern of the Main,
and. driven by the high wind, epread with
great rapidity. Capt Stevens of the Themis
saw that it would take the promptest kin
of action to save his own bort and shout
to his men to cut loose the hawsers.

Two stawardesses and eight or ten sajlore
on the Main ‘umped to the Themis. They
shouted te others who could be seen scurrying
in and out among the flames to do likewine,
but these evidently thought there was atl]
some chance to save the ship and refused to co,

The grain pines had to be cut from theelevator
and let awing aboard the Main. The Themis
is always kept under steam, and a@ soon ns
she was loose she was able to start for the Allan-
State Line pier at the foot of Twenty-first
street.

According to the captain of the Main, the
captain of the Bremen had a day off on Satur
dav and was at Coney Is’and while his ship was
burning

SREKING THE

 

SAALE'S DEAD.

 

Work of Divers and Wreckers In the Rained
Ship—Tragic Sichts Related.

Immediately after the Saale was towed to
shoal water off Communipaw on Saturday
night while the tide was still ebbing the numer-
ous steam craft surrounding her made vain
efforts to reach a number of persons, variously
estimated at between five and fifteen, who at
times were seen to peer from the ports on the
main deck on the port side aft. The Saale
settled seven or elght feet in the mud under
the weight of the tons of water that had been
pumped into her by the attending fleet. She
stuck fast when the tide rose and the water
rushed {nto the broken ports, drewning al!
who remained {n any compartment. The
number will never be known with any degree
of definiteness until divers explore all of the
enbmerged hull, They went over only a small
part of {t yesterday and recovered the bodies
of twelve persons.

According to one of the officers of the Saale
there were 252 men aboard of her while she
was at the pier. Only 111 of these have been
accounted for, including twenty-five men
from the engineer's department, fifty-eight
from the steward’s department and twenty-
eight seamen. Thus, according to the officer,
there are 141 men to be accounted for. Many
of these doubtless will turn up. Of the dead
who were recovered yesterday not more than
two probably may ever be Identified.

SAALE'S CAPTAIN PERISHED.

There is little doubt that Capt. Mirow per-
ished with his ship. Fragments of what are
supposed to be his body were found on the
promenade deck, nearly amidships, Near the
charred bones there was a_ pearl-handled
knife which Supt. Moller of the North Ger-
man Lloyd piers said belonged to Capt. Mirow.
There was also a gold charm partly melted
by the intense heat picked up near the pen-
knife,

Ten bodies in all were recovered yesterday,
including the remains of Capt. Mirow. The
first body discovered by the Merritt-Chapman
wrecking crews was found early in the fore-
noon. It was labelled No. 3, as there had been
two more bodies taken from the ship the night
before. It appeared to be that of a longshore-
man. It was found in hatoh 4, hoisted out
and laid on the turtle back aft. It was dressed
in ablue serge coat, striped shirt and was with-
out trousers. There !s a gold band on the
little finger of the left hand. The face was
completely burned away, The fourth body
was doubtless that of a steward and he ap-
parently had been drowned. There were
no burns on his face and only apart of his body
had suffered from fire, In his pockets were
two pairs of white gloves and the ship's bill
of fare. He appeared to be between 30 and
40 years old. The fifth body was burned to
a crisp and was found in the port gangway
leading to the midship superstructure. The
sixth body was that of a man whose left arm
and legs had been burned away. The top
of his head was also burned, He had a amull
black mustache. The seventh body was ap-
parently that of a child, only the trunk re-
maining. Body No. 8 was madeup of frag-
ments supposed to belong to Capt. Mirow.
The ninth body was found floating in the after-
hatch burned beyond identification, ‘The tenth
body was that of a tall man weighing about
145 pounds with mustache and gvatee, The

 

in such |

the port hole they simply |

JULY 2, 1900.

| vis attached to which was a truss. The twelfth
remnant was the abdomen of a woman.
ANOTHER STORY OF THE CAPTAIN'S DBATH.

According to two of the assistant cooks on the
Saale, Friedrich Schimpf and William Koener,

 

us to a hotel in River street, Ho- | Capt. Mirow did not die aboard the ship. They

say they saw him jump aboard a@ lighter and
that he fell on his side and was too badly hurt
to get to his feet. The lighter caught fire and,
according to the cook, the captain died in the
flames, Cook Koehmaen also thinks he saw
the captain jump. If their statements aretrue
it is @ mystery how Capt. Mirow’s penknife
happened to be left on the promenade deck
of the ship.
BIGHTY COFFINS SENT OVER.

After the bodies and portions of bodies had
been taken out on the turtle back of the Saale
the dead boat Fidelity was summoned from the
Morgue. Morgue Keeper Fayne had received
word that there were eighty bodies aboard the
Saale and he brought eighty pine coffins from
the storeroom and had them loaded aboard
the Fidelity. She got out to the wreck about
8 o0’clook. Aboard of her were Coroners Bausch
and Hart, Assistant Superintendent Rikard
of Bellevue and Surgeons Armstrong, Ander-
son and Christian, with many hospital and
Morgue attendants, She returned to the Morgue
with nine bodies, the tenth not having been
found until after she had left.

Dr. Armstrong, who went over part of the
ship with the Coroners and their party, found
a set of twisted and melted surgical instru-
ments in the doctor's room. He took them
back to the hospital, where they will be kept
as souvenirs, Dr. Christian picked up the
diploma of the Saale’s surgeon only slightly
stained by water. Coroner Bausch ordered the
Morgue keeper to turn all the bodies over to
the steamship company's undertaker, who
will call for them to-day. One of the Morgue
workmen found a gold watch in the wreck,
which ha turned over to the Coroner.

Two photographs of officers of the Saale ip
uniform were picked up on the upper deck.
The inscription over one of them was “E. Het-
denruther, to his love, R. Staby.” The upper
left-hand corner of the other photograph was
torn off, and the inscription on it was partially
obliterated, that which was decipherable ran
“Goedel, to his love, M. Raffler.” There were
on each photograph four or five ink crosses rep-
resenting kisses.

LIKE A SHIP WRECKED IN BATTLE.

The Saale Iles about a quarter of a mile south-
east of the Central Railroad Company's ferry-
house and station at Communipaw, and travel-
lers by ferry and also by the steamboat run-
ning to liberty Island thronged the raila to get
a good view of the wreck. Many small boats
put out from the Jersey shore and from the
New York side of the river with men, women,

| girls and boys aboard and circled about the

Saale almost from dawn to sunset. From a
distance she looked not unlike, 60 a veteran of
the Santiago sea battle said, the wreck of the
Maria Theresa, Above the upper deck there
was little vestige of any woodwork. She ap-
peared merely the ghostly skeleton of her for-
mer self,

The two colossal] derricks, the Monarch and
the Champion, were moored on her quarters,
Capt. Henry Kivilin of the Monarch said that
the Merritt-Chapman Company would confine
its work almost exclusively at first to the re-
covery of bodies, employing for that purpose
every hour in the day while there was light
three expert divers, Walsh, Johnson and Dwyer.
All these men were at work yesterday relieving
each other at intervals in the middle hold of the
ship. Capt. Kivilin said it was pretty hard to
estimate the number of bodies that might still
be in the wreck, but he thought that it might be
forty.

POLICE AFTER RELIC HUNTERS.

The harbor policemen assisted the wreckers
in keeping the souvenir seekers away. Many
got aboard, however, in the early part of the
day and carried away bita of twisted and
Diistered metal. Colgate Hoyt and a friend,
who were out in the steam yacht Tide, were
among those who boarded the wreck.

The Merritt-Chapman wreckers after re-
covering all the bodies that may be within the
ship will stop up her ports and begin pump-
ing her out. This may require several weeks,
Pending the getting out of the bodies the great
derricks wil, with their powerful arms, lift
from the charred deck all the big winches and
the auxiliary engines and machinery of all
sorts that |s worth salvage. It is hardly likely
that the main engines of the Saale, after their
long submersion and the ordeal cf fire pre-
ceding it, will be fit for use again. The hull
below the water line, the plates of which are
probably in good condition, may be utilized,
and with new engines and boilers she may
perhaps be made over into an American ship.

LAST MAN OFF THE BAALE.

Fritz Arians, the quartermaster of the Saale,
said he was probably the last man who left
the steamer alive. Arians is in St. Mary's
Hospital in Hoboken, suffering from burns
of the hands, face and head.

“Our crew,” said he, “consisted of 18 men,
and I suppose a hundred of them, together
with twenty-five longshoremen and painters,
were on the Saale when the fire started. There
was a painters’ raft alongside of her, and this
woe reenonsible for the deaths of several per-
hous #10 could not be rescued for the reason
that the raft, after taking fire, drifted down
the river close to the Saale, getting in the way
of small boats that came to our rescue.

“When the ery of fire arose First Officer
Scheer told me to tell the third steward to
close all the ship's bull-eyes. I told him, and
when I returned found all the piers burning.
Then we got ready to be towed away from the
pier. We cut loose from the plier and waited
with our tow line aft. drifting very slowly—
inch by inch, as it were. There were§no tugs
to save us, The only two we saw were mak-
ing for the Kaise: Wilhelm cer Crosse. The
captain of the Saale, the third cfficer and the
chief engineer atuck right there to duty. I
know positively that there were
stewards aboard of the vessel and a few strange
men in the third cabin. Well, when we caught
fire, some of the stewards--probably thirty—
Jumped overboard. We heard the shoute of
the captain of the Hamburg liner Phenicia
telling his sailors to cut loose all small boats
and go to our rescue.

“Then things became hot. All of us were
driven off. Some of the crew were penned
below—probably twenty or thirty. The fire
raged flercely and every few minutes one or
two men would jump into the river.

“Inthe meantimeeverything about us seemed
to be burning-all of the lighters, steamers,
plers and everything. The water was covered
with pieces of burning wood andcotton. Most
of those who jumped struck burning logs and
then seemed to get overcome by smoke and
sink.

REFUGE ON THE PROPELLER.

“Well, it got so hot for those on deck that
we had to climb down on the propeller, which
of course, was not moving. Two or three men
clung to each flange. I was on one about four
feot from the water. My hands were burning
with the extreme heat. In the crowd there
was a woman, Mrs. Emke Peter, a steward-
eas. She was clinging to one of the upper
flanges of the propeller. Of the seventy or
eighty who were originally on the Saale's deck
about fifty had jumped into the river. Now
and then we would see the Hamburg liner's
sailors in their little boat drag a man to safety.

“The Saale was drifting down the river and
we were almost opposite the Battery when
the flames on the ship crept right up to us.
The satiors in the small boats would watch
a couple of men jump and then put after them,
but the painters’ raft got in their way so often
that a man or two would be lost every little
while.

DOOMED MEN AT DEADLIGATS.

“Looking out at us through a deadlight was
aman with a black mustache. He was doomed
and his face was terror-stricken. He knew
he would have to die in a few minutes, for he
| couldn't get out. Through another deadlight
could be seen a steward and stewardess. Thoy
were penned in too. We saw them drop, and
by that time our hands were burning and blis-

tered and we were about to give up, too.

eleventh remnant of a body consisted of a pele | « “Finally the crowd on the propeller got down

 

100 |

    

 

greatest value for your money.
ail

 

      

 

 

—————

mical safe you can buy is a HALL, because you get the
The most econo They have an established reputation and are

guaranteed throughout. Sold since 1840. Prices right.

Hall’s Safes.

Your old safe exchanged 4©=9KKINSEY, RAINIER & THOMSON,

for a modern ‘‘Ha!!l."”

GENERAL AGENTS,

secoed Hand Setetorsela 4 393 BROADWAY, N. Y.

Safe moving and repairing.

to ten, one after the other dropping into the
river, being unable to hold on any longer on @0-
count of the heat. Then the sailors from the
Hamburg liner got a boat right near us and
I shouted: ‘Wait, boys, let the woman go first!
Every man clinging there shouted for Mrs.
Peter to jump first. She jumped into the
water from her high perch and the sailors in
the small boat dragged her in. Then the others
jumped into the river and I followed. Just
before I jumped I saw two men fall back on
the deck into the flames. Ten of us were then
taken ashore and to the hospitals. All of us
were badly burned, but our lives were saved
by the sailors of the Hamburg liner.”
TWO UPHOLATERERS MISSING.

William Brownlee and Charles Brunner, two
of the missing, were employed by August Muller,
an upholsterer of 420 Bloomfield street, Hobo-
ken. They were at work on the Saale when the
fire started. Muller, who was superintending
the work, left the steamer a few minutes earlier
to buy some tacks When he returned the
entire pier was in flames. He believes that both
men were either drowned or burned to death.

Frederick Dunstedeter of 115 Lake street,
Jersey City Heights, went aboard the Saale to
see Muller. He was waiting for Muller to re-
turn when the fire started. He told this story:

“I tried to get off the pier, but was driven
back by the flames. I then ran to the south
side and Jumped overboard. I swam to one
of the pliers of the Hamburg-American Line and
climbed up it.”

SHE COULD SWIM AND GAVED BERSBLI.

Louisa Meyer, one of the stewardesses of the
Saale, told a Sun reporter of her escape yee-
terday. She said that she was on the bridge
at the time of the fire and when she saw how
rapidly the flames were spreading she jumped
overboard. She is a good swimmer and she
managed to keep afloat for ten minutes. She
was picked up by a tug and taken to Hoboken.

GERMANS SAVED, ITALIANS LOST.

Joseph Kozma, fourth assistant engineer
of the Saale, said:

“I had about fifty men working under me
in the boiler room. The first we knew of the
fire was at 4:15, when the smoke began to roll
down on us from above. We tried to climb
up the hatch repeatedly, but the heat was so
intense we had to go back. In the boiler room
the lights all want out and we were in darkness
for threa hours. The Germans behaved well and
obeyed my orders thoroughly. but there were
ten or twelve Italians who were employed as
day laborers and they lost their heads. I think
they werealllost. I finally heard tugs alongside
and then streama of water began to flow in
and cool the decks above us. We were then
rescued.”

Jacob Wauderlich, an oller, said: “I was
with a number of others on the Saale, but I
don’t know how many. In the boiler room
where we were there were several barrels of
oll, and these erploded, throwing the burning
oil on us. We had a hard time getting out—
the smoke was so thick and all lights were
out. Several of us ran into the engine room
where we made a barrier of soaked canvas. Af-
terwardsa we opened injection valves and let
water in to cool off the place. About 7 o’clock
wo heard voices above and a few of us were
dragged out.”

RISKED HIS LIFB TO GIVE AN ALARM.

Franz Stansbulske, second assistant en-
gineer of the Saale, said:

“I was on deck when the pier caught fire,
and I went below to tell the men down there.
While I was down in the hold the ship caught
fire. The men could not get out on account
of the fire and came back where I was. I took
a hose and turned the water on them and on
myself, thinking that wo could go through
the fire if our clothes were wet. We tried it,
but were unsuccessful and had to go back.
We then went from room to room trying to get
out, and at last we climbed on the top of a pump-
ing station. Some fell back into the water
below, which by this time was hot. Their
cries were awful. Some one pushed me off
and I fellin, but I managed to craw! out and got
up into a little room above. I was finally res-
cued, but I don't know how, as I was pretty
near dead.”

»G BREMEN A TOTAL WRECK.

Rescue of 173 of Her Viremen—Thicves Make
aNaul—Souvenir Huuters, Too,

All that fire, thieves and souvenir hunters
left of the North German Lloyd liner Bremen
lies about two hu.dred feet off the Weehawken
shore with a heavy list to port. The keel of
the liner is sunk in the mud and her list is so
heavy that her port rail is only about a foot
above the water. She lies about fifty feet in
shore from the Main, the most seriously dam-
aged of the four North German Lloyd liners,
but any one looking at the two ships from the
shore yesterday would have been willing to
swear that the Bremen had been the harder
hit of the two. She was still afire in hatch No.
4, just forward of] amidships, and another
fire was smouldering on the port side of the
stern. Two or three tugs were playing streams
upon her starboard side. As fast as the water
struck the steamer great clouds of steam arose.

When a@ Sun reporter pulled alongside her
yesterday afternoon the ship was in charge
of Edmund Meyer, the senior second officer.
The junior fourth offlcer, Otto Scheidling,
was also aboard. When Tas 8cwn man boarded
the Bremen Mr. Meyer was standing away
up on the poop deck, his feet braced against
some metal work and his body inclined to the
east at an angle of about forty-five degrees
to conform to the list of the ship. He said
that no bodies had been taken from the ship

 

“Cobb
Desk-man’”-

That, and other things, for
I have everything in office
fixings.

Latest designs.
Lowest prices.

Tel. 3511 John.

%

 

a

|

 

| tance. All that

TEL. 307 FRANKLIN.

Monday and Tuesday,
Fuly 2nd & 3rd.

To close out prior to stock-
taking, we offer the balance

of our
Ladies’
Summer Silk

Gowns,

in all desirable colorings suit-
able for street wear, '

$22.50,

value $32.50

Lord& Taylor,

Broadway & 20th St.

 

since 6 o'clock in the morning, when he relieved
the officer in charge, and he did not believe
that any bodies had been taken off before that,
Mr. Meyer had not heard of the rescue, about
three hours before he went on duty, of the
seventeen men who had been in the engine
room of the steamer from the time she took
fire.
RESCUE OF SEVENTEEN FIREMEN.

After the Bremen had drifted nearly broad.
side on the muddy shoal off Weehawken, assisted
by a flotilla of puffing tugs, all of which were
pouring into her all the force of water they could
command, efforts were immediately made to
rescue the seventeen men imprisoned in the
engineers’ compartment on her starboard side,
amidship, The Morgan Line fireboat El Amigo
and the Merritt wrecking steamer I. J. Merritt
were literally deluging the cargo holds and nearly
all the compartments on the starboard side
through hatches and broken port holes and dead
eyes. The deck immediately above the im-
prisoned men had grown somewhat cooler and
they were much more comfortable than they
had been at any time during her progress up the
river. It was about two hours after THE Sun
reporter had talked to them through one of the
open porta that they were assisted out through
ventilators leading to the coal bunkers. It
was said that some of them escaped through a
hole cut in the deck immediately above them
and none of them was seriously injured and it
was not necessary to send any of them to the
hospital. They returned to Hoboken aboard a
tug chartered by the North German Lloyd Line.
Most of them did not realize the extreme peril
of their situation, They said they did not think
at any time that they were in danger of death.
At times the heat was intense, but they found
relief from it by going deeper into the hold of
the ship, the submerged surface of which was
comparatively cool and by taking turns at the
two port holes, They said they never had any
doubt at any time that they were going to be
saved and that the encouragement of the at-
tending tugs helped to keep their spirits up.
They expressed gratefulness to Capt. Wal-
cott of the wrecking steamer Merritt for pasa-
ing the men through a port hard tack and meat
and a demijohn of water. This, they said, was
all that was needed to take the bitterness from
eae trem Teast men Mr. M
fident that nobody wlo was aboard the ship
when she swung out from her pier haa beea
rescued, save as they were picked up fro
the waier after they had jum grerboard,

lu aswer to many questions . Meyer
the following story:

BRiMEN ATOTAL WRECK.

“The Bremen, | am sorry to say, is practi

a total wreck. 1 do not thiuk that what
left of ber will be of much use, except for ol:
metal. Her plates and her framework ve
bee subjected to so “hoat and have
become 80 badly war and twisted that I am
sure the ship cannot be repaired. The Bremen
was built three years ago and was as fine @
vessel as one could wish to sail upon.

“When the fire swept up the piers yesterday
afternoon the veavel was in charge of Chief
Officer Alfred Ahlborn. The other offi
aboard were: Franz Hock, Junior secon
officer, and Otto Scheidling, junior four
officer. Of the crew there were between i
and 160 men aboard. es these there were,
perhaps. fifteen or twenty viritors, including
some women, about porey longshoremen in
the hold stowing away and discharging cargo
ane oe Stokere in, the engine room. Th

cers and crew, to the num
18, oF th mene ae ashore.

“From story to me som
officers it could not have been no. than five
min Mee Sree me the firestartedon Pier
until the reached the Bremen on north
side of Pier 2. The flames were swept north-
ward in a solid sheet. They caught the .
got to work on and then shot across the
pier to the Brongn. A jew Ay after the

re atarted on er , born’s attention
wi led to {t and he saw from the rapidity
with which it spread that there was danger
ahead for ell the ships at the piers. Quickly
as he could issue them went forth the orders
to cast off the Bremen’s hawsers. Hot as they
were the men tackled them, but the steel ropes
were #0 hot that only one or two could be cast
off by hand. Tne others were chop) in two
quickly and the vessel was free from the pler.

HELPLESS FROM LACK OF STEAM.

ane? as she was, however, she was
tically helph » because not enough ee
own steam was up to move her a ship's ) 4
and no tugs werein sight. As I gather from,
what I have been told, it was_nearly halt an
hour before Sage came ve the Bromen'e assis-

me she was pour abou
in the slip and slowly drifting out Into the ae
a man being stationed at the wheel to keep
her course right. Finally tugs came aloug
and made fast nd towed the ship out into
the stream,

“As I said before, including the visitors and
the longshoremen aboard, there were abou
two hundred and twenty-five persons aboar
the Bremen when she caught fire. It would
be idle to “7 that the ship caught tn any one

art first. he flames seemed just to envelop

er, set fire to ever; thing that would burn and
then pass on to the next pier. Therefore, we
were practically afire from one end to the other
when she swung out into the stream. Those
aboard, fearing that the ship would be one
mass of flames in a few minutes, and seein
that the only escape was to jump overboard,
made ready to leap into the water. When
they had done what they could to get the ship
out Into the river, the officers Jumped over-
board. Mr. Block and Mr. Scheidling Jumped
and, after swimming around for a while where
picked up by a tug. Mr. Block had the fingers
of both hands severely burned, but Mr. Scheid-
ling — uninjured “4

. ave been told that practically every-
body on the ship jumped overboard when thoy
saw that there was no other way of escape and
none of the officers who were then aboard her
belleve that anybody was burned to death on
board, We have seen several of the crew to-
day and have heard from others. From what
T have been told and knowing our men as I do,
I cannot believe that any of them were burned
to death. In fact, one of the officers told ma
that he was certain that everybody on the
Bremen when she left her pier got ve,
But whether they were all picked up the

 

 

 

 

1"

 

de ams”

~

 

Se