4

)

>

(a.

?

’

9

)

i.

; a

| ‘

i
»
a
.
7)
4
‘

 

 

8S OF THE BOAT RACES

D EVENT FOR FOUR-OARED
70 BE ROWED TO-DAY.

pOsTPONE

CREWS
Pennsylvanta and Colambia to Meet
he Hodson—Something About the
ents—Why the Crowds Have
According to a Yale Graduate.

omething occurs to prevent it, the
aman crews of Cornell, Columbia and Unt-
versity of Pennsylvania will try conclusions at
Poughkeepale this morning, the time being set
for 10 o'clock, This race snould have been
rowed on Saturday in the presence of thousands
who made the journey from different parts of
country to see the much advertised regatta.
As THB SUN has stated, there was no excuse for
mismanagement which made postpone
nts possible. If W. A. Meikleham, who
always referees the Harvard-Yale races, had
been in armstrong’s shoes, it isaeafe bet that
he would have ordered the three races to be
rowed on time, or would have hurried matters
to such a degree that all the events would have
have been decided. As the regatta on Satur-
day turned out, there was onlyone real race that
ould be seen and enjoyed.

This postponement business is a pretty seri-
ous affair unless the surface of the water ts
positively dangerous. It {e the duty of every
regatta official to know that the comfort and
of the waiting spectators are to be

 

 

 

Cornell,
on ¢
Postponrm
Fallen Of,

mands
eh On Saturday they were ignored.
Visitors sat on hard boards in ordinary open

freight cars for more than five hours, in order to
see or catch @ glimpse of as much as thirty
minutes of rowing. These disappointed en-
thustaata went without food and drink during

long wait because nobody head
ak to provide these necessaries of life.
Then when the chief disappoint ment was over
visitors had another tough time of it. for they
were foroed to walk along the railroad track for
a distance of half a mie, there to be subjected
to insolent ferry ticket llers and a jostling mob

on the boats. .
Rowing men say that there was no reason why

the regatta was not started on echedule time.
It was easily discernible that the water, while
choppy in spots, was not nearly 6o rough as it
was at New London, Yet up on the Thames,
Referee Meikleham would stand for no un-
necessary delays of any kind and took a chanoo
at starting the crews when a more timid of-
ficial would have hesitated. All in all, it will
be a long time before thoes who went through
the ordeal can forget Poughkeepsie and what
happened there on Saturday.

But this discussion {s of minor importance
when placed alongside of another that is in
everybody's mouth Just now. Why have the
boat racea at New London and Poughkeepsie
this year failed to attract the old-time crowds?
Itis admitted by the promoters of the races that
the attendance at both intercollegiate rowing
events has been away below expectations, but
there appears to be no satisfactory accounting
for the falling off. A prominent Yale graduate
said to THe SUN man during the races at New
London last Thursday:

“Look at this attendance! Instead of 80,000
spectators, there isn’t half that number and
there is a limited amount of enthusiasm. Why
js that? I think I have an idea. Harvard and
Yale rowed Cornell here in 1897 and 1808. Cor-
nel] won both races and was virtually asked to
go elsewhere, though tn not so many words,
If Harvard and Yale had clung to Cornell and
had made a general athletic alliance with her,
the Ithacans would have readily set aside their

relations with Pennsylvania.
“The rowing public has lost considerable of
the old interest, therefore, because the colleges

split up. Here's Harvard and Yale having
onion little time by themselves tonday while on
Saturday all of the other leading college crews
will meet at Poughkeepsie. It looks a bit like
exclusiveness and the public does not like it.
Put Cornell in here now with Harvard and Yale
and what would the regatta at Poughkeepsie
amount to? Cornell has twice beaten us in @
square, sportsmaniike way Why shouldn't we
row her every year? Cornell has always con-
ducted atbletios with cleanliness and never ine
duiges in squeals when suffering a defeat. The
more you look at it the more it appears that
Harvard and Yale made a fatal mistake when
they let Cornell leave the once popular three-
cornered race on the Thames.

The ‘Varsity race rowed on Saturday showed
that Pennsylvania, thanks to the energetic
coaching of Fllis Ward, has hit upon a style and
method of rowing which if not changed will
prove almost as effective against rivals as the
celebrated Bob Cook stroke was for Yale in
former aguatic struggles with Harvard. This
is Penneytvania’s third consecutive victory over
rival ‘Varsity eights and each time the Quaker
crew has displayed the same characteristice
that won the race this time. Ward is evidently
a believer in weight and matured strength. All
of these winning crews have been made up of
hig men physically who were able to stand any
amount of strain

All of the credit must not be handed over
to Pennsylvania. There was another crew in
the race that deserves a few words of praise.
The Wisconsin men, as they did last year, pro-
vided the material for a most sensational race
with the Quakers. If the Badgers had not
been in Saturday’s race it would have heen
@ most uninteresting procession, for the other
crews were easily outclassed. Cornell's. fail-
ure to show was a big disappointment. Many
had been led to expect a surprise and muc
money was lost, it is said, by those who hacked
Ithaca. There was a persistent rumor before
the race that the Cornell crew had gone stale,
but this was emphatieally denied by Courtney
and others in authority at the quarters. Stl
the breakdown of the men will always provide
food for disenssion.

PovanKrepsix, July 1.—Most of the people
who atterded tie regatta yesterday have gone
home and it is not anticipated that there
will be much of a crowd at the four-
oared race to-morrow, The rowing col-
ony has been deplete! by the departure of
Georgetown for home and Wisconsin for New
York, where they will have a dinner to-morrow
night. The Cornell crew will elect a captain on
the tran going home to-morrow afternoon,
Captains of the other crews have been chosen as
follows: Columbia, Stephen P. Nash; “Pennay,”’
Arthur Flickwer: Georgetown, F. F. Kerns;
Wisconsin, L. A. Williams. A few of the Co-
lumbit men have gone home, Most of them
will remain to see the our-oared nace which is
set dow” for 100'clock in the morning

The del i in starting the ‘Varsity race yester-
day is attributed to the unwillingness of the
Tepresentatives of Cornell and Old Penn on the
referee's boat to have the race started while the
Wa'er wasat all rough, because trouble was
anticipated from the choppy sea created by the
‘wir! below the bridge piers. It was this awirl
{tissaid, that caused trouble inthe boata of
both Cornell and Pennsylvania and nearly dis-
Organized the Georgetown crew

he game fight o Pennsylvania and Wiscon-
nin te ‘Varsity race, and the form shown by
Courtney's crew after they had been rowed toa
Standatil! w re the exclusive topics of disciiasion
at the quarters of the crews to-day. The fullest
Qnd most generous measure of credit wa ex-
tended to the victors. Charles S. Francis,
sDeaking for Cornell, -aid:
T feel that the crew kept too far in shore, but
do not wish in any way to detract from the
Slory of the victors; those who won deserved to
win. There willbe another year and another
wane pad Lhope then that Cornell! will be in the

voach O'Dea of the Wisconsins said that the
Varsity race wa. a aaine contest well rowed.
t hopes to bring the Wiscorans here next
year, Coach Z. Appone ol the George-
towns said that the crew would be kept
together, and with another season's experience
oy tshow considerable improvement.although
thought they did well yesterday. Ells Ward
Wis greatly elated over the showing of
Pennsy's'’ crews,

Valencia Boat Club Regatta.

The Valencia Boat Club regatta took place on the

Hudson River off Guttenburg on Saturday. Owing

Yo the Gre atthe steamship docks the spectators were

fapble ‘oland from the steamer Bay Queen, which

Gary races, until afier midnight The sum-

y Purdie Seull Gig, Class A—Won by Whites; A. T.
chers, bow, W. Hader, stroke.

 

ep vole Seull Gly. Class B-Won by Whites; G.
Se. Jt bow H. Badenhausen, stroke,
Bade, Four Oared Barge Won by Whites; W.
Wet, bow C. Pewte, Jr. 2: E. A. Hahn 3; A. T.
yecktr stroke: W. B. Jones, coxswaln,

‘nor Pour Gared Barge—Won by Blues; J. E.

Moore, “nae

Stahl. st i) Clark, 2; G. H. Smith, 8; W. E.
loviten |. B Jones, coxswain,
Boat C " Pour Oared Barge-Won by Rosedale
ward 22) Hoboken; August Huckle. bow: Ed
Damm, at: 2: Lawrence Retnholdt, 3: John DF,
Boat Chun shrank De Largy, coxswain: Active
Cub ot e's H pboken, second; Bloomingdale Boat
ght ie’) OK. thine
cor ftt Jared Large—Won by Whites; C. W. Terae

+E Baad. Poel 2: W. Baeder, 3; L. J. Stursburg,
Sten, 2eMhausen, Jr, 5; W. Schmalz 6; W. E.
Swaln iM. Beekers, stroke; MH. Killan, cox-

Nash Colambia’s New Rowing Captain,

tr
a — ‘Varsity race at Poughkeepsie was
Stephe, ~ urday the Columbia crew elected
next e Y) Nash captain of the ‘Varsity for

ar Naish rowed in the ‘Varsity last

V
Otten ‘a A tember of the freshman crew
fark o fe repared at St. Mark’s School, is 20

id ‘ Wei! s 166 pounds and Is 5 feet 0'4
"ew and i fle rowed at 3 iy this year's

's cousidered a floished oarsman,

! Jacking when the

Fr
R
J

ROMOHR'S ENTRY ACCEPTED.

Harlem Sculler Will Row in Canada-Loag
Island Regatta Entries.

The new Speedway rowing course was the
attraction for Harlem River oarsmen yester-
day morning. During the week the one-mile-
and-a-half straightaway was marked out with
stakes every quarter of a mile, and the crews |
practising for the Long Island and National |
regattas took advantage of this to indulge in
time tests.

The noted Harlem R. C. double, J. A.
Romobr and J. F. Nagle, were absentees.
They are at Toronto, where they will compete
at the Canadian Amateur Rowing association
regatta to-day. HKomohr's entry was at first
refused by the association, and he and Capt.
Nagle took tle trip to find out the reason, as
it was thought the action of the Canadians
might affect Romohr’s standing in the Na-
tional regatta, where the “Canuck” has hopes
of defeating Ten Eyck. Romohr stated be-
fore leaving New York that the refusal of his
entry was due to spite on the part of the
Toronto R. C. because he would not join
that organization. Romohr also said that,
despite stories to the contrary, he {s working
in New York, never has received a dollar for
rowing for any club, and has every prize he
ever won,

Romohr evidently received consideration
at Toronto this year, for late on Saturday
night Nagle sent a message by long distance
telephone that the Canadian association had
rescinded its action and that Romohr will be
allowed to row to-day. The men did not take
their shell along, but will make an effort to

 

 

borrow one in order to compete.

The Long Island Amateur Rowing Aseocia-
tion regatta will take place off North Beaoh
next Saturday. The entries follow:

Juplor Single Shells-—Paul Wolfskell, Dauntless
R. C.: J, Behensky, Bohemian B, C,; C, Mayer, Wy-
anoke 5. C.; H. Woltt, Lone Star B. C.; W, O'Regan,
Metropolitan R. C.; F. V. Loops, Institute B, C.; M,
Hirsch, Harlem R. C.
Junior Double Shells--Bohemian B, C,, J, Beheo-
sky, bow; W, Chrastil, stroke. Union B, C., J. A.
francis, bow: E, 8, Connell, stroke. Nassau B, C,,
G. PF. Jacoby, bow; H. Fietsterer, stroke.
Junior Pour-Vared Shiells--Nautilus B, C,.--J, BE.
tay, bow; G. F, Lamb, 2; J, W. Danielson, 3; E. H.
Ensil, stroke, Ravenswood HK, C,--T, Price, bow;
.'l, Daley, 2; L, T, Rodgers, 3: A. K, Kloepfert,
stroke, Varuna i. C.--W. McCormick, bow; F.
Shields, 2; J. Hogan, 3; C, MeCormick, stroke, Sea-
wanhaka B. C.--F, ‘Teves, bow; W. Henderson, 2;
W. Delaney, 3; F. Anderson, stroke, Brooklyn R, C,
A, A. Benson, bow; W. F. Coughlin, 2; J. J. Walda-
man, 3; W, 5. Dunn, stroke,
Intermediate Double Snells-—Nonparell B, ©.--
C, C, Hoffman, bow; A. H, Crawford, stroke, Nau-
-J, Haarsilck, bow; W, Van Benthuysen,

illus B, C.-
leis.

stroke, Nassau B, C.--G, F. Jacoby bow; H.
terer, stroke,

uarter Mile Dash, Junior Scullers--M, A, Cor-
nell, Union B, C,; Henry Wolff, Lone Star B, C.; P.
Wolfskell, Dauntiess K, C.; F! V. Loops, Institute
B.C.; M, Hirsch and T, Seanneil, Harlem R. C,
Intermediate Four Oared Gigs--Palisade B, C.,
Yonkers -Frank Root, bow; W. Carpenter, 2; EB. A.
Fiteh, 3; F. A, Kochibold, stroke; 8, B. Skinner, cox-
swain, Union B.C.--C, J, Kelly, bow, C. R. Stevens,
2, R. B, Merritt, 3; D. W, Quenahan, stroke; S, do
Pew, coxswain, Nassau B, C.--A, D, Cree, bow;
F, Smith, 2; H, H. Reddy, 3; A. S, Vosburg, stroke;
G. W. Pye, coxswain, Varuna B. C.--E, Merle,
bow: A. Monroe, 2; C, Norris, 3; FP. Mackay, stroke;
C, Meyers, coxswain,

Junior Eight-Oared Shells--Dauntless R, C.—A. J,
Nelson, bow; FE, O, Conlin, 2; C, A, Hapfensack, 3;
W. H. Pumphrey, 4; H, Seibenicker, 5; N. Brennan,
6; C. A, Goldstone, 7; W. Adee, stroke; J, C. Edger-
ton, coxswain, Bohemian B, C.--B. Cihlar, bow;
F, Vilda, 2: A. Schetiager, 3; W, Strenade, 4; L. No
voting, 5; B. Pospisil, 6; J, Rosper. 7; C. Vorise
stroke; E, Kalma, coxswain, Wyanoke B, C.-~J
Gerrie, bow: W, Vojeng, 2; H. Wulson, 3; A, Knjer!m,
4; 8. Z. Rock, 6; J. H, Breen, 6; R, Harmes, 7;
Miller, stroke: G, H. Bagge, coxswain.

Junior Four-Oared G ‘ --New Rochelle B, C.—
¥. M. Carpenter, bow; F.B. Abramson, 2; J, Cathran,
3; B, P. Badecaro, stroke, A. Gallaudet, coxawain,
Lone Star 5. C.--8. A. Cramer, bow: M. Metzler, 2;
E. Keller, 3; G, Levine, stroke; H. Keller, coxzawaln.
Nautilus B. C,--J, E, Ray, bow; G, F. Lamb, 2; J. W.
Dantelson, Jr., 8; E. H. Ensil, stroke; E, J. Arm-
strong, coxswain, Union BK, C.-C, J, Kelly, bow;
C. K, Stevens, 2; P. B. Merrill, 8; D. W. Zenahan
stroke; J, de Pew, coxswain, Nassau B, C.--A, D,
Cree, bow; F, Smith, 2; H, H, Reddy, 3; A. S, Vos-
burg. stroke; G. W. ¢, coxswain. Ravenswood
Bb, C.—T. Price, bow; J, J. Daly, 2; C. Kloegrert, 3;
L, T. Rodgers, stroke; H. Couch, coxswain, Varuna
RB, C,--W, McCormick, bow; F. Shields, 2; J. Hogan,
3; C. McCormick, stroke; C. Meyers, coxswain, Sea-
wanhaka B. C.—J. Murray, bow; J. Ryan, 2; W
Ahrens, 3; G, Hefser, suroke; R. Varnum, coxswain,

  
 

 
 
  
  

 

AMONG ATHLETIC CHRISTIANS.

Branch Members Getting Ready for Coming
Events.

The athletic departments of thedifferent Y. M. |
C. A. branches of this city will enjoy a most ,
prosperous season, The warm weather ,of |
the past week did not interfere with those
getting into condition for the athletic meetings
to be held in the near future.

There are five special events scheduled, open |
to members of the physical departments of |
the Y. M. C. A. of New York city. Medals will
be awarded to the three highest men in each
set of contests, the international scoring system
to govern.

The International Committee of the Athletic
League of North America is making arrange- |
ments for the annual fleld meet. More than
usual interest is manifested in the meet, and |
already encouraging reports from the different |
branches have been received,

The Twenty-third Street branch will be rep-
resented this season in association and outside |
games by a strong team. ‘The men are in the i
best possible condition and should take a fair |
share of the honors. In the many outside
games already decided the team has made a
most creditable showing, and carried off sev- |
eral prizes. J. W. Cross, the veteran athlete |
of the branch, is assisting Dr. Pool to get the
candidates into condition, and the results thus
far have been flattering,

The athletes of the Harlem branch are getting |
in sone good work at the grounds, 120th street |
and Eighth avenue. There is unusual activity
among the members, and Physical Director
Smith is confident that the team will not be
wroper tume comes, Consid-

 

' erable interest is taken In the relay race of a mile

——————

between five members of the branch, and the.
same number from Twenty-third street.

An aggressive campaign is being map out
by the members of the Washington Heights |
branch, which will include a grand carnival of |
sports to be held on July 4, winding up with |
a display of fireworks. The association has
new and fully equipped grounds at Fort Wash,-
ington, and all the facilities for turning out
crack teams. One of the most interesting |
sprts indulged in at the branch is tennis, an |
a tournament for the championship of the
branch is now in progress.

 

 

 

Yacht Races Off Newport—Regatta Commit-
tee’s Instructions.

Newrost, July 1.—Commodore Lewis Caas
Ledyard of the New York Yacht Club, with Mrs,
Ledyard, arrived here to-day on the schooner
yacht Corona. They have taken a cottage here
for the summer, The flset of special 30-foot

sloops will begin racing here to-morrow. The
beats ready are: Wa Wa, Reginald Brooks; Es-
peranza, Harry 0. Havemeyer, Jr.: Polly Wog,
Almeric Hugh Paget; Hera, Ralph N. Ellis, and
Dorothy, Henry Y. Doland, Besides the regu-
lar swee! stakes, the boats will contest for the
average cup offered by Mr. Paget for the sea-
‘a work. :
“Nir. V. K. Vanderbilt, Jr., entertained his
mother, Mra. Oliver Belrnont, and Mrs. Herman
Geirichs on board the sloop Virginia this after-
noon.

Capt. 8am Seaman has arrived to assume
charge of the sailing of the 70-footer Yankee,
This is Seaman's first experience in a big boat.
There will be no more racing in_ this class until
July i2in the New York Yacht Club regatta off
here.

 

The Regatta Committee of the New York
Y.C. has issued the following notice in rela-
tion to the Newport series of races on duly 12,
13.and Ls:

Prizes—On each day and in each class, and also
for 3 -focters owned by members, there will be a prize
for first If twoor more start, and a prize for second if

ri ore start,

we ccee -The courses, whether triangular or wind-
ward-and- weward, will not eaceed thirty miles tn
10eF I ee—Entrice for the series or for particular
dates will be received at the clubh. use up to 12M.,
July 1) Entries for particular dates will close at the
Newport station at 5 P. M. on the day preceding the
mathe start will be off Brenton's Reef, L. S..at!1 A.M
Time wiil not be taken after 8 P.M. Detalled satiing
{instructions will be malied to yachts tntering, and
can be obtalned at the clubhouse and at the Newport
station after July 9

Model Yachting.

The American Model Yacht Club of Brooklyn re-
gatta, for second and third class sloops brought outa
big field of starters and some hot racing off the club-
house at South Brooklyn yesterday, The wind was
heavy and strong from the southwest. It took four
heats todecide the race for the secund-class boats
whien was finally captured by the Banshee, owned
by W. Hopkins, In the race for the third-c.ass boats
‘rownley and Pigott’s Star won, taking the first apd

third heats.

Odds and Ends of Sport.

he first contest for a silver cup presented to the
Grater New York Irish A. A. for a hurting trophy
was held yesterday at Celtle Park, The opposing
teams were the Garryowens and the Young Irelands

The former won by @ score of 11 to 6

s ee

| ings.

into

ee a Eee

THE SUN, MONDAY,

WEEK'S RECORD IN MINING,

KLON DIKE CLEAN-UP SLOW BECAUSE
OF THE SCARCITY OF WATER.

It Will Be One-Third Larger Than Last Year's
—Net Much Gold Expected From Cape
Nome Until August-—Fall Force Again at
Work .at the Calamet and Hecla Mines.

SeaTTLe, Wash., June 25.—Reports from
Nome to June 8 announce the arrival of a large
Portion of the big fleet, some thirty steamera
and sailing vessels. All were engaged in dis-
charging cargo and passengers, the beach
being lined for miles with lumber, machinery,
merchandise and baggage of every deacrip-
tion. No large amount of gold from the digs
gings is expected before tho first or middle
of August.

In the Klondike mines the clean-up is alow
because of the scarcity of water, and the work
will not be completed until fall. The amount
will be at least one-third larger than it was
last season. The Government assay office
at Seattle has received $1,900,000, which is $600,-
000 in exceas of the receipts in June of last year
and expects $1,000000 more before the end
of the month. This is all from the Klondike.
July will be the heaviest month.

There is a great deal of activity in Atlin dis-
trict this season, about 1,500 miners being en-
gaged along the various creeks in sluicing and
hydraulicing. According to the report of
the Gold Commissioner, $1,200,000 was taken
out of the minea of this district last year, and
it is expected that douple the amount will come
out this year.

The gold mills on Douglas Island, Sheep
Creek, Silver Bow Basin, Burner’s Bay and
Snettersham are all dropping stamps steadily.
and the output of the southeastern Alaska
quartz mines will be larger than ever before.

LAKE SUPERIOR COPPER.

Hovoutoy, Mich., June 27,—The first cargo
of mohawkite was shipped recently from the
Mohawk mine, and comprised sixty tons of
ore supposed to contain an averege of about
61 per cent. refined copper and 7 per cent. nickel,
equal in value to about 75 per cent. copper,
and worth, after refining, about $240 per ton,
or nearly $15,000 for the cargo. It will be re-
fined in New Jersey, where works adapted to
the smolting of arsenical ores are located.
The arsenio, which will be driven off by roast-
ing, will pass through a series of brick cham-
pera, where it will be precipitated in crystals
as it cools, and will be removed by men wear-
ing masks to prevent inhalation of the deadly
particles. The little seam of mohawkite holds
out well, and if {t proves permanent, will be
worth millions to the Mohawk Company.

The recent assessments of the Mohawk,
Mass and Adventure mines have made the
shareholdera groan, in view of the present
low range of prices on chese shares. The as-
sessment of $2.60 each in the case of the Mohawk
and Maas, and of $3 per share for the Adven-
ture, producing $250,000 for the two mines
first named and $300,000 for the latter, will be
used to build stamp mills and will make all three
mines producers.

The Calumet and Hecla is now working full
forces and the fire is out. The loss cannot
yet be estimated, but whether it proves to be
$100,000 or $1,000,000, it will he little felt by
shareholders. The surplus of the oompany
is close to $10,900,000, and the mines have an
annual earning capacity of $10,000,000.

A thousand-foot dam is to be built at the
mouth of the Salmon Trout River, Lake Sue
perior, to increase the present water storage
capacity. The present dam is adequate for
all requirements of the Altantic mill, for which
it was built three years before the Baldo mine
was heard of, but with the mill of the latter
also drawing ita millions of gallons daily, a
very large dam will be required to guard against
all possible contingencies of drought and low
water.

 

 

WASHINGTON.

SEATTLE, June 25.--Silver Creek, one of the
oldest mining districts in the State, has been
somewhat disappointing until recently. Early
in the spring capital waa secured for dovelop-
ment on the Edison group and the tunnel to
tap the Edison lode at depth Is now in 400 feet.
At this depth ore was encountered and pene-
trated for adistanceof forty feet. Itissolid the
full width and assays from $20 to $40 per ton
in gold and silver.

In the same district the Vandalla, long {dle,
has resumed work with the best prospects.
This is a high-grade silver-lead property with
about one thousand feet of development.

A strike of rich copper-gold ore has been
made in the Star group, in Index district, on
the western slope of the Cascades. This prope
erty is about two miles from the Great Northern
Railroad and embraces seven claims, including
water rights and mill privileges. The vein is
six feet wide, showing well in b« rnite and gray
copper, improving rapidly with depth. It is
being opened by tunnelling on the vein and @
depth of 1,000 feet can be secured,

ome very rich-looking copper metal is being
turned out in Index district, the product
of the experimental matting plant invented
by local men. They say that it is a success,
saving within 2 or 3 per cent. of the assay value
of the ore from the Copper Bell mine,

Final examination of the iron genocite of
Kitsap county, near Hood's Canal, js being
made by Pittsburg experts tor McKeesport
iron furnace men. They are satisfled with the
quality and are now determining the quantity
as far as can be ascertained by surface show=

BRITISH COLUMBIA,

SEATTLE, Wash., June 25.—1t is said by the
owners of the Le Roi mine that they can mine
and reduce their ore at an expense of $8 per ton,
and that everything is profit over that amount.
During May they mined and reduced over
13,000 tons, valued at $219,000. The production
during the past week was 4,500 tons.

The Snowshoe in Phanix camp has peseed

new hands, London capitalists having
purch last payment
was made this week 1,500

ased it for $70,000, The
There has been

feet of development on the property, and on

the 200 level there is 90 feet of solid ore,

The gold dredgers on Frazer and Quesnelle
rivers, which met with such sucoess last season,
are again operating along the bars of those
streams and are doing better than before,

The copper mines on the west coast of Vane
couver Island have reached a productive point.
and are now engaged in shipping ore to the
Tacoma smelter in cargo lots. The smelter
is being enlarged. The ores ¢ from 10 to
2% per cent. copper, together with good gold
and silver values. The cost of mining and trans-

ortation {8 $1.50 a ton, and the smelter charge
for reduction 1s from $5 to $7 per ton.

The Seachart iron mines, located in the
Alberin district, about a mile from tide water,
are under bond to Pittabure people, who are
contemplating the construction of an fron
furnace on the American side of the Straits
of San Juan. The iron is high grade and comes
within the Bessemer limit, according to Pitts-
burg tests. It is said that it can be mined
and laid down in American ports at $3.50 per
ton and gives a fair margin of profit.

UTAH.

SaLt LakE, June 25.--A number of Chicago
capitalista, accompanied by Colorado eEpet 4,
made an examination last week of the Aldrich
property, situated in Fisher Valley, La Salle
Pocntaive, southwestern Utah. They were so
well pleased with the ground, and samples
taken out, that they took a bond on the place
for $25.000, About three miles from the Aldrich
wroperty on Onion Creek a couple of claims
fave just been bonded to representatives of
the Leiter interests. The district is a new one.

The tunnel on the Copper Queen group tn
Beaver basin, Cisco, owned by the International
Copper Company, has just broken {nto an im-
mense vein of ore that shows largely in copper
and gold.

In the ore and bullion market the week closed
with settlements amounting to $357,840, as com-
pared with $344,155 for the previous week,

SOUTH DAKOTA.

Drapwoop, 8. D., June 26.--The Homestake
Mining Company has commenced repairing the
old Father De Smet and Caledonia stamp tills,
which have been idle for several years, and it is
expected Uiat they will be placed in operation
some time in September. The Caledovia mill
is located at Terraville and the De Smet is at
Central City, one mile from Lead City, where
two mills are in operation at the present time,
The Honwestake Company will have the water
ditch from the Spearfish Kiver completed in
about three months at @ cost of nearly a million
dollars. The water supply will be sufficient for
the running of the two old mills, now being re-
paired, together with the four mills now in
operation When the Caledonia aud De Smet
mills are in operation, there will be a total of
about #00 stamps at work. It is expected that
the company will have the 1.000-ton cyanide

   

 

Mining. ,

INING, MILLING, SMELTING AND CONCEN

‘ TRATING MACHINERY; CORLISS EN

GINES; ESTIMATES FURNISHED. THE EDW,

P. ALLIS CO,, ROOM 1111, 26 CORTLANDT ST,,
NEW YORK.

AVTER MAY 18ST OUR ADDRESS WILL BE

95 & 07 LIBERTY STREET, ROOM 1108,
!

te et sade

a
--_———

 
  
  

plant completed within three months. The
Company Dow has 1,800 men working with a
Ray ll of considerable over $200,000 per month

he Ellison hoisting plant has been completed
at a cost of about $250 000

The Spearfish Gold Mining Company of Colo-
rado Springs, Col., is rushing work on the 200-
ton oyanide plant which is being built at Ragged
Top, near Calamity Gulch, The company pur-
chased a month ago 365 acres of ground in the
lime ore district, which will average about $10
wd ton gold. Crushing capacity is being put
n for 200 tons, but only 100 tons tankage wil
be used atthe start. Three miles from the site o!
this new plant the Detroit and Deadwood Mining
Company has its framework well along for an-
other 200-ton oyanide plant, which, will treat a
large amount of ten-dollar ore on Annie Creek.
The company has 6,000 tons of ore on the dump
that will give a profit of % perton. The cyanide

lant that the Cleopatra Mining Company. is
uilding on Squaw Creek is nearly ready for
business. The contract has been let for a 100-
ton cyanide plant in the Yellow Creek district,
four miles south of Deadwood. The Shawmut
Gold Mining Company of Boston is about to
enlargs the capacity of the Esmerelda mill in
Blacktail district.
MONTANA,

HELENA, June 25.—Holbrook & Huffaker have
been developing a copper lead near the city
limits and at a depth of forty feet encountered
ore that assayed as high as 29 per cent. A car-
load of this has been shipped to the smelter to

et an average value and a contract has been
et to sink the shaft fifty feet further to deter-
mine the width and quality of the ore vein.
Two thousand tons of ore have been made
from the Elkhorn Queen mine to the Peck con-
centrator within the past month. This mine
had virtually ncen anandoned owing to the low
grade of its ore, but the completion of the dam
at the Missouri River near here, furnishing
cheap electrical power to smelters and con-
centrators, enables the treatment of the ores.
Several other mines and especially those in the
Rimini district which had been idle for years,
are now shipping large qnantities of concen-
geting ores, among these being the Crescent,
fureka and Justice mines, all noted producers
in former years.
IDAHO,

Ipano Crty, June 24.—Since the construction
of the railroad from Weiser to the Seven Devils
district, in Washington county, most of the
mines have resumed work. The ledges are
very numerous, of enormous size and are rich
in copper and gold. Those acquainted with the
mines of Butte, Mon., say that camp will
have to take second place when the Seven
Devils mines have the necessary facilities for
reduction.

A 20-foot vein of gold ore has been discovered
in Williams Gulch, two miles south of Carrie
Leonard Creek, in Little Smoky district. The
discovery was accidental. John Williams
looked into a hole made by an uprooted tree
and saw some pieces of quartz showing free
gold. The owners are satisfied they have a
ereat bonanza.

LAKE REGION IRON MINES.

Dv.vurs, Minn., June 20.--On the various
Lake Superior iron ranges some mines have
been closed and much exploration work by the
big steel companies has been abandoned, espe-
clally on the Menominee. Among the mines
closed are the Victoria of the Republic Iron and
Steel Company, the Sauntry of the American
Steel and Wire Company, and the Ohio, of the
Rockefeller syndicate, all on the Mesaba range.
Some of these will reopen later. The Auburn
of the Federal Steel Company and the Oliver of
the Carnegie company have reduced their forces.
The Cuff, belonging to the American Steel
and Wire Company, on the Menominee range,
has also closed, but will ship up to 60,000 tons for
the year,

Negaunee mine, that was reported as ruined,
will be shipping 1,000 tons a day in two or three
months and next year will have a larger prod-
uct than ever, I[t belongs to the American
Steel and Wire Company and is a very large
property. :

Aragon mine, of the Menominee range, is
installing a second pneumatic tramming plant
for its new level, the first pneumatic plant in
the Lake Superior country is in operation at
this company’s eighth level and is doing well.
It is doing with two men and an engine what
twelve men and six mules used to do,

The Duluth and Iron Range road is shipping
ore at the rate of 4,500,000 tons for the season
the Duluth, Missabe and Northern at the rate of
4,000,000 tons, and the Eastern Minnesota at the
rate of 1,900,000 tons, All these are Minnesota
roads,

The Cleveland Cliffs Company at Ishpeming
and Michigamme, Marquette range, is pre-
pared for an output this year of 1,250,000 tons, the
the largest in its history. Most of this ore
goes to Marquette for shipment, but some is
carried to Lake Michigan ports.

By contracts just made the Rockefeller road
will haul all ore from the Spruce and Cloquet
mines at Eveleth, the Unionand Wyoming at
Virginia, and the Kimberley tract near the lat-
ter town. The Wyoming and Kimberley tracts
have not been opened, but contain many mil-
lions of tonsa of ore, The other mines con-
cerned contain about 20,000,000 tons, for which
the road gets 80 cents 4 ton, or whatever rate
leas than that may be in force. The considera-
tion for this immense contract is a loan ot $300,-
ooo to the Union Ore Company. This latter
company is now opening into one of the best
ore bodies ever found on the Mesaba range,
conta.ning some 4,000,000 tons

Authorities here estimate the shipments of
ore for the year from Lake Superior at much
over the estimates made at Cleveland, and are
inclined to think that contracts already made
for nearly 16,000,000 tons will b> carried out,

A steam hovel has been put to work on the
Ohio mine to strip a very large body of ore. The
mine will be a heavy chibcor late rinthe season.

Shipments of ore from Hibbing mines to
the Duluth blast furnace have ceased, and the
furnace has blown out.

 

TAX QUORUM, OR PENALTY?

 

Manicipal Assembly Obliged by Law to Pass
on the Tax Rolls To-day.

The Municipal Assembly, in accordance with
the Charter, will meet to-day to pass on the tax
assesstuentrolis. Under the law, the Assembly is
obliged to pass on the rolls on the first Monday
in July, andany attempt to block the work by
failing to attend the session is punishable by

fine or imprisonment, or both. Before Mr.
Croker went away he said that he had made
full arrangements for A quorum to be present
in each house, and on Friday Coune,Jman Frank
Goodwin sent outan ap seal to members of the
councilte be on hand, Nevertheless Mr. Good-
win went to Kansas City with his delegation
from the Ninth district yesterday, There niay
be a quorum present in both houses to- ‘ay, but
among the Tammany men who went to the
convention yesterda) were many members of
the Assembly, andil the attendance in either
the Aldermanic or Couneil chamber is anything
like as slender as it bas been forthe past few
weeks, there will be trouble to get enough votes
to transac: business.

Track and Field Performances,

Close races and two performances up to champlon-
ship standard marked the monthly games of the Pas-
time A. C. on the club grounds at Sixty sixth street
and East River yesterday afternoon, In the semi
final heat of the 75-yard dash A, Li, Kent breasted
the tape in 74-5 seconds, clipping a fifth of a second
off the previous track record held by himself, W.
Drummond was the other record breaker, He won
the running high Jump, from seratch, with the big
leapof Sfeet liinches, The second man, W, Fietcher,
who cleared 8 feet 644 inches, Jumped in even cleaner
style than the winner, and shows promise of cham-
plonship form, Jhe summary:

75-Yard Dash, Handicap--Final heat won by G. R,
Goerwitz 16 feet; O. C. Ordwein, 12 feet, second; E,
Shackman, 21 feet, third, Time, 7 4-5 seconds,

360-Yard Dash, Handicap—Final heat won by V,
Andrews, & yards; G, Bischoff, 20 yards, second; H, E
Whitney, 15 yards, third, ‘Time, 41 seconds,

Medley Race, 3 Laps—Won by A. H, Kent, acratch;
¥. J, Farrell, 18 yards, second; J, Rostie, 16 yards.

 

third, lime, 1 minute 21 seconds,

480-Yard Run, Novicee—Won by G, Bischoff; J, J,
Krause, second; F. D, Maher, third, ‘Time, 3 min-
utes 148 2.5 seconds,

Running High Jump, Handicap-—Won by W.

Drummond, serateh; with 5 feet 11 Inches; W, Fletcher,
4 inches, second; M, Harnett, 5 inches, third,

One Mile and a-Half Run, Handlcap--Won by W.
E. Grady, 15 yards; l.. Markheim, 145 yards, second,
T. O'Connor, 25 yards, third, ‘Time, 7 minutes 4745
seconds

The Deaf Mutes' A. A, held {ts annual competitions
at Grand Street Park, Maspeth, L. L, yesterday. The
award of points showed these results: R. H. MeVea,
9: Samuel A. Gomprecht, &; H. A, Lamm, 7; C. A.
Sandford, 6; E. V. Moesiin, 6; H. Metzger, 5; H.
Miller. 5; H. Meerdt, 5; FL Beek, 3: H. A Glotstein,
a: J. MW. Avens, 3; J. G. Pachter, 1; H Bernhardt, 1;
W._H. Fricken, |.

The point competitions of the Star A.C, attracted
quite a throng of spectators to the grounds of the or
ganization, corner of Vernon avenue and Fourteenth
street, Long Isiand City, yesterday. The points
scored were Hussey, 7; Moran, 15; Flyan, 0; Far-
tell, 0; KR. D, White, 5; BF. White, 1; Hamm rth, t.

The full strength of the athirtic talent of the Na
tlonal A, C. was out yesterday at Masprth, L. 1
Charles D. Rubb landed the only double wins for the
day tn the })v and 229-yard dashes, The day's sport
leaves Capt, William 2. Wynne, Charlies D. Rubb
and Frederick Reuss all fighting tt out for premier
position in the season's point ¢ om petition,

The crounds of the Krooklyn A, C. at Maspettt,
L. 1, were the seene of some spirited athletic com
petitions yonerday John ©. Doyle, the all round
champion of the club did the best work of the day,
winning the 100 yard dash and running hop, step
and Jump handicaps.

Hempstead, July 1.—The junior members of
the Rockaway polo team had an exciting game
on the club grounds here yesterday for the
Bilzzard cup, which is offered for members
with a handicap not exceeding two goals. The
youngsters on both teams wentinto win from
the start, but the first tean lost the game by
penalties for two safetie, made in the third
veriod In the fourth period Montagne La
Montagne was hiton the head by a falae stroke,
but resumed play and scored a goal for his
team after receiving medical attention. The
line-up and summary follows

First Team}, FB. Fo Bourke; 2, Chatineey, Jr;

8. CP. Dixoa: boek, Montagne La Montagne.
Seeond ‘Team -1. W. L. Goodman; 2, Le Grand L.
Benedict; 3, McPherson Kennedy; back, L. B.

Rand
Goals Earned First period, Dixon and Kennedy;
secoud period, LA Montagne and Rand; third period,
Raud; fou th period, La Montagne, 2, Kennedy, |.
Totals - First team, goals earned, 4; loss by penal-
Wes, 1-2. Second team, goals carnid. 4.

JULY 2, 1900.

Real Estate For Sale.

nn ete

Ae Beal Estate For Sale.

PAAADLO LAREDO

 

(Opposite Grant’s Tomb)

Commands a picturesque view of the Hudson River and the most beautiful section
of New York—Riverside Park and Drive, Grant’s Tomb and Columbia
University Buildings, with Long Island in the background.

“New York’s Most Delightful Suburb.”

supply o

pviponiieg air, macadam streets, beautiful drives, modern houses, an abundant
pure, cool water, perfect sewerage—all conveniences of the city, all the

advantages of the country. Easily and quickly reached by ferries at Franklin, 14th,
42d or 125th Streets, and trolley direct to the property,

THINK OF THIS:

We will build for you, if you purchase now, a house to suit your ideas of what a
home should be and, if you desire, accept payment in easy monthly instalments of
practically the rental value. Buy now and reap the benefit of increasing future values.

WRITE FOR FREE TICKETS AND PHOTOGRAPHIC VIEWS,
COLUMBIA INVESTNENT AND REAL ESTATE CO.,
1225 St. James Building (Cor. 26th St.), New York.

 

DIVORCE IN SOUTH CAROLINA.

 

Utah Decree Recognized in That State for the
First Time.

CotumsBia, 8. C., July 1.—Judge Klough, in
the Court of Sessions for Lexington county,
has quashed an indictment for adultery against
John B. Sharpe and his present wife, who ts
styled in the indictment “Mrs. Maggie O'Brien.”
The defendant and his first wife, Mrs. Cynthia
L. Sharpe, were married in this State twenty-
four years ago. They lived together until
1895, when Mrs. Sharpe left her husband, went
to Utah, established a home there and insti-
tuted action for divorce. In the meantime
ber husband removed to Georgia and became
a citizen of that State. The process of the

Utah court was served on him and he filed an
answer, The court then absolutely dissolved
the marriage, releasing both parties from all
obligations.

Some months ago Sharpe married in Geor-
gia and returned to his old home in Lexington
county with his bride, and they were both ar-
rested for adultery, The Judge held that the
first wife having established her home in Utah
and the defendant having filed his answer to
the proceedings in the court of that State, the
court of Utah had full jurisdiction in the case
and its decision, under rulings of the United
States Supreme Court in the case of Cheever
against Wilson, was binding on the court of
this State.

This is the first instance in which a divorce
as been recognized by any court in South
Carolina, where divorcees are not allowed for
any cause, There is much euet whether
the Supreme Court will sustain the lower court.
n recent debates in the Legislature it was
shown to be plainly the intention of that body
to make a marriage in South Carolina abso-
lutely binding so long as either of the parties
remained in thia State.

REAL ESTATE NEWS.

Matters were much more lively in the real
estate market last week than at any other time
last month, and if it were not for the holiday
this week the activity would be quite marked.
The tail end of the season has been curlously at
variance with the rest of the year, which was
so dull that an early ending to the market was
expected.

There was little in the line of business prop-
erty sold, the chief feature being the Fourth
avenue sale announced yesterday of property
near Tenth street. In the line of residential
property and of bullding lots there has been
considerable doing, and there are several deals
practically consummated which doubtless will
be announced this week. While the sales an-
nounced by the brokers were more numerous
and of more moment than during the preceding
weeks, the transactions recorded at the Regis-
ter's office were even more markedly larger in
number and amount than during the week

preceding. There were many more convey- ,

ances, and there was no abatement in the num-
ber and amount of mortgages. Fewer plans
for buildings and improvements were filed,
however.

There was considerable discussion regard-
ing rates of interest on money loaned on bond
and mortgage. The consensus of opinion was
that the prevailing rate upon the usual valua-
tions was 4 per cent, or a little more. The
following are the tables, by districts, for Har-
lem and The Bronx, for the week ending June
BU;

CONVEYANCES.

0
No, Nominal. Amount,

  
 
 
  
  

 

  

 
 
 
 

Downtown...... » 45 31 $544,151
Fast Side... . 66 23 599.730
West Side 40 25 223,750
Harlem... ov 34
Brong... 120 54
Totals...+.e.- o » B49 167 $2,060,476
MORTGAGES,
No. Amount.
DOWNIOWN, 0... cc recceeeereeeeeeerrees OM $1,202,589
Fast Side... + 61 1635 vs
West Side... . 57 744,669
Harlem... oe oo O89 849,406
BrOUS. .....sccccccescverovevereverevee 2G 410,576
TOCAIS. cccessecereresereeceeeceeee SIS $4,842,229 |
BUILDINGS.
No. Amount,
Downtown 16 $136,475
Fast Side... - 28 499,000
West Side 13 203,700
Harlem. 4 54.050
BROOK... osseveveves . 34 247,530
Totals...... cee coovere 80 © $1,280,755

The following are the corresponding tables
for the week ending June 30;

  
 
 

  
 
 

  

CONVEYANCES, y

No.

No. Nominal, Amount,

DOWNIOWN, ....ssceeeeereeere 52 34 $194,83
Fast Side... vee 40 25 420,27
West Side. 51 25 305,726
Harlem. . 41 23 508,622
Brom. .ccsesscerecesseeeeeeee LOO 60 222,511
TOUAlB. secseseeeeeeeeee eres BBS 167 $1,546,068

MORTGAGES.

No. Amount,
DOWNIOWN,. co seccseceeerecenrereecrees OP $665,226 |
East Side.... . 49 774,633
West Side. 53 1,655,827
Hariem.. 17 1,102,381
HroDd .eeeeee eoseverenes 72 7

TOUS, cocccsocccccercorrrsersvoe vere @O

BUILDINGS.
Amount.

Downtown .. $571,900
Hast Stde. 314,668
Weat Side R42 025
Harlem.... 2
ropa

Totals...... SON CRd ORE SK ENC S OR eSes 115 $2,066 763 |

To-day's Auction Sales,

BY BRYAN L, KENNELLY & CO.

Boulevard, P'isk and Wardwell avenues, Bor-
ough of Richmond, Staten Isi.nd, 150 x 106,
frame hotel i

Webster avenue, Nos. 1736 and 1738, two-story
brick flats

BY WILLIAM M. RYAN

169th street, No. 1172, four-story brick flat and

store
BY PETER F MEYER & CO

Crotona avenwe, No 2017, two-story frame

dweiing

Matters of Interest Concerning Horses
are more fully and ably treated in THE Sun's
news columns than in any other medium, Add
vertising thus becomes more valuable in Tag
BUN for vbvious reasons. Remember tails, Adv,

 

City Real Estate,

Borough of Brooklyn —Sale or Rent.

 

84,750
ONLY 8300 CAs REQUIRED,
13 ROOM HOLSE,
Lafayette av. between Throopand Sumner, This is
an unusual opportunity to get a comfortable home at
small price and on exevedirgly easy terms; in good
order; reighborbood exceptlonaily good
FRED M, SUIT, IsO ) ONTAGUE ST,
WTelephone. 8040 Main

YOME AND INSPECT my one and two-family
/ houses: two stories and basement. brownstone
fronts; Just foisbed; on Decatur st. between Howard
end Saratoga ava ;four sold. OT TU SINGER, Builder.

3

Kast 136th street, No 842, five-story brick flat. |

Furnished Rooms & Apar.ments io Let
- Kant Side. ae a
-A-A-—HIGI! CLASS HOUSE—& East 34th,
near 5th ay.; rooms, single, en suite; parlors for
physiaan; summer rates, a Si oe
3)°! ST., 38 EAST—Large, also small, sunny
room pear Madison avy.; perfect service; all con-
venlences; 1 private; references summer rates.

 

     
 

 

 

         

2 AS i ~Rooms and larg
: breakfast served If desired.

Weat Side.

UNIVERSITY PLACE, 3 (opposite Washington
Square)—klegant furnished rooms; all con-
ventences; superior house: Sentlemen only.

QD ST., 419-412 WEST—Handsomely furnished
#*) large and small rooms, cool and convenient;
board If desired.

2: D ST, 314 WEST—Second floor; single and
*) double reoms; parlor floor; extension; hot water;
doctor, dentist

bat!

 

 

93 ST., 414 WEST—Handsome large and small
= rooms, near L station; transients taken; all con-

veniences. . ay

2 TH ST.. 34 WEST, near Madison Sq.—Desir-
able cool, large and emall rooms in quiet house;

references.

 

 

9stH ST., 822 WEST—Nicely furnished square
rooms; all improvements: sultable for couples
or Gentlemen; board uptional.

3 D ST., 347 WEST-—Newly furnished large and

7&2 _small rooms: running waver. OWNER,
347TH ST,, 211 WEST—Nicely furnished or unfur-
e nished parlor floor; other rooms; doctor, dentist
orgentemen ae
3778 ST., 48 WEST. —Coo!l, handsomely furnished
2 4 rooms: quiet house; private familly; bath; ex-
cellent service, ee pe te
39° HST. 68 WEST — Large, attractive rooms;

7 private bath; also ball rooms; gentlemen pre
TN kg en a
41°". 126 WEST—(Near Hotel Vendome); alry,

cool rooms: well furnished; finely kept private
bouse: desirable location.

 

 

 

 

  

43°” ST., 229 WEST—Large and small neatly
© furnished rooms; all conrentences; bath, gas
hot and cold water in room; private house; moderate;
gentleman or couple.

4 {TH ST, 113 W.-Elegantly furnished second
story front and other rooms; large closets; gen-

temen preferred,

4 TH ST., 224 WEST—Hall room: also second-
floor room: awnings; half block Broadway; rea-

Sonable; references, ae)

45"! ST., 26 WEST —Attractively furnished
rooms; conveniently located; with or without

private baths, with shower: telephone, 655 38th

6 TH ST., 142 W.—Flegantly, newly furnished

) rooms; large, small; private tiled bath; first-

class hous’ and neighborhood; summer rates,

S]5T. 104 WEST.—?

 

 

 

 

  

 

 

we nee
y furnished rooms: private
house: near station: summer prices.

 

ASHLAND PLACE, 125, between Fulton and
Flatbush avs; large and small furnished rooms
at popular prices. a et ad

Beevoort PLACE,11, near Bedford av.—Choloe
of newly furnished rooms; convenient L—New
York~Brighton, vo Obekeal
LASSON AV., 448, new management; nicely
furnished rooms; all improvements, first-class
table board; summer prices, Pieces Be
\LINTON ST., 166—Newly furnished rooms; all
improvements: gentlemen preferred; convenient
to ferries and Bridge; reference,
HANSSON PLACE, 48—Newly furnished; square
and hal rooms; delightfully cool; all improve-
ments; American family: gentlemen only

ERKIMER ST., 86—Deightful summer home;
newly furnish.d rooms; convenient to table
board and all cars.

JIERREPONT ST., &2— Finest house tn Brooklyn:
all light bedrooms; sultable for businessmen; 3
minutes from Wall st. ferry: 5 from Bridge; light
breakfast furnished; a chance in a lifetime to be lo-
eated in lovely home and good neighborhood
WJERREPONT ST, 140—Heights; neatly furnished
rooms to let at moderate prices.

GCHERMERHORN sr <4 10- Newly furnished
© rooms; private family: convenient City Hall,
bridge; all cars’ gentlemen only.

  

 

Select Board,

naan

 

 

East Side.
A ADISON AV., 69—Flegantly furnished suite and
« singlerooms, with or without private baths;
table and attendance unexceptionaily fine: references

\ ADISON AV., &7- Large and small rooms; su-
+ perioe table; location central; transients ac
commodated.

NM APISsON AV., 183-155—Delightfully cool, large,
4 light rooms; en sulte and single, with or with
out private baths; excellent table; references.

ST. ALRAN’S—B. W. DE FOREST, PROP.

 

 

5, 7and 9 Fast 31st «t.—Central location; desirable |

rooms; private baths: parlor dining room. a St
2 TH ST., 111 EAST—New management; cool

rooms. board optional; Southerners and trans-
fents accommodated; all conveniences; reasonable,

QUST sta7 FAST, near Sth av.—Elegantly
furnished rooms; parlor dining room; tale
board specialty; Teference,

West Side.

] TH ST., 103 WEST—6th ay. station; clean
rooms, excellent board; electric fans tn Sinlag
room; $6 weekly, 2 people $11; fce water; parlor; pl-
ano; bath a pe ic
147 ST., 131 WEST — Large handsomely fur-
nish d rooms woth first-class table; also one
small one; transients et oo
l TH ST., 253 WEST--EFlegantly furnished clean
rooms: all improvements, superior board; tran
slents necc mmodated; refecence required,
14°h ST., 257 WEST—Handsomely furnished
r large and small clean rooms; exeellent board;
permanent or transient Ae is
l THN ST, 24 WEST—Nicely furnished second
and third-story front rooms; summer prices;
references; table boarders.

93" SvT., 443-445 WEST-Supertor houses; ex-
& quisitely furnished: frontine gardens; porcelain
tubs: datoty culsine: worth Investigation.

$)QD ST., 440 WEST—Handsomely furnished large

«= *) and small rooms; all [mprovements; good table:

terms moderate.

YR st. 471 WEST-—First-class rooms; with ot
without bath; meals optional; table d'hote; butler

service.

 

 

 

§)D ST . 49 WEST-—Parlor dining rooms: rooms

Dae ensulteand singly. transients accommodated,

TH SY... 126 WEST--Handsomely furnished;
superior board: clean; reasonable

QpTi ST.. 244 WEST—Back parior, sultable for

e dortor, also other rooms; light and cool; board

optional; summer rates,

Bert ST, 29 WEST.—Llouse open ali summer and

   

2
ae

 

Post Oftice Rotree.

Annan
post OFFICE NOTICE
(Should be read DAILY by all interested as changes
may oocur at any time.)
Foreign mails for the week ending July 7, 1900, will
close (PROMPTLY in all cases) at the General Post
OMce as follows: PAKCELS POST MAILS close
ere than closing time shown below. Par-
S Post Mails (or Germany c onda,
= Wednesday. y close at} P. MM y
ah PRANSATLANTIC MAILS,
TUESDAY. —At7 A. M. for EUROPF, per steam:
ship Kalser Wm. der Grosse*, via Cherbourg,
DRuepae and Bremen

WEDNESDAY, ALT A.M. (up lementary 9 A. M)
for EUROPE, per steams tp St Louls*, via
Southampton (mail for Ireland must be directed
Per steamsiilp St Louls"): ato A. M. (supple.
mentary 10:30 A. M.) for EUROPE, per steam.
Ship Majestic’, sla Queenstown: at 10:30 A. M.
for BELGIUM direct, per steamship Kensington
(mail must be dlrected “per steamsulp Ke ng.

ton").

THURSDAY. —At 6:30 A. M. for EUROPE,
Steamship Kalser Friedrich’, via Plymouth and
pam burg (mail for France, Switzerland, Italy,
Spain, Portugal, Turkey, Egypt and British
Indla, sia Cherbourg, must be directed “per sleam-
ship Katser Friedrich"); at 630 Al M. for
FRANCE, SWITZERLAND, ITALY, SPAIN,
PORT! GAl, TURKEY, EGYPT and BRIT:
ISH INDIA, per steamship La ‘Touraine’, via
Havre (mail for other parts of lurope must be
directed “per steam: mp la ‘Touralne>,

SATURDAY. --At 5 A. M, for NETHERLANDS
direct, per steamship Potsdam (mall must be
directed “per steamship Potsdam”): at &:30 A. M,
(supplementary 10 A. M.) for EUROPE,
steamshi}) Etruria’, via Queenstown: at 9 A. M,
for ITALY, per steamship Kaiser Wm. IL, via
Naples ‘mail must be directed “per steamsh
Kalser Wm. II”); at 10 A. M. for SCOTLAN
direct, per steamship Anchoria imal! must be
Mrected “per steamship Anchoria’):; at il A. M.
for NORWAY direct, per steamship Norge (mall
must be directed “per steamship Norge”).

*PRINTED MATTER, ETC.—German steamers
sailing on ‘Tuesdays take Printed Matter, eta,
for Germany, and Spectally Adauressed Printed
Matter, ete., for other parts of Europe, Amert-
can and White Star steamers on Wednesday:
German and French steamers on Thursdays, an
Cunard and German steamers on Saturdays take
Printed Matter, ete, for all countries for which
they are advertised to carry mail.

After the closing of the Supplementary Transatlantle
Malle named above, additional supplementary
mails are opened on the plers of the Ameri
English, French and German steamers, ani
rentain open until within Ten Minutes of the
hour of sailing of steamer,

MAILS FOR SOUTH AND CENTRAL AMERICA,
WEST INDIES, ETC,

MONDAY, —At 10 A.M. for GUADELUPE, MAR-
TINIQUE and BARBADOS, per steamship
‘Talisman,

TUESDAY. At 030 A. M. (supplementary 10:30
A, My for CENTRAL AMERICA (except Costa
Rica) and SOUTH PACIFIC PORTS, per steam-
ship Alamo, sia Colon mail for Guatemala must
be directed “per steamship Alamo”); at 10 A, M
for INAGUA, PETIT GOAVE, JEREMIE and
SANTA MARTHA, per steamship Mount Vere
non: at 10 A. M. for RIO DE JANEIRO, per
steamship Mozart (mail for other parts of Brazil
and La Plata Countries must be directed “per
steamship Mogart)); at 10:30 A, M, for HAT
via Port au Prince per steamship Prins Willem
V. (mail for Curacao, Venezuela, ‘Urinidad, Brittah
and Duteh Gulana must be directed “per steam-
ship Prins Willem V.); at 1 P.M, for YUCA-
TAN, Pet steamship Mercator; at 1 P. M, for
SANTIAGO, vr Steamship Clenfuegos; at
Pp. M. for JAMAICA, per steamship Admtr
Dewey, from Hoston

THULSPAY..~AtLSA.M. for BERMUDA, per steam.
ship Trinidad; at 10.80 A, M, for BRAZIL, per
steamship Button, via Pernambuco, Bahla and
Rio de Janeiro mail for North Braril and La
Plata Countries must be directed “per steamshi
Button’); at 1D, M. for YUCATAN, CAMPECHE
TABASCO and CHIAPAS, per steamship Yuca-
tan, \ia Havana and Progreso (mall for other
parts of Mexico and for Cuba must be directed
"per steamship Yucatan"); at 1 P, M (supple-

P., Gt RN.

mentary 1.59PM) for NASSAU, N,
TANAMO and SANTIAGO, per steamship
Niagara; at | P. M. for MEXICO, r steam-

ship Seneca, via Tampico (mall must be directed
“per Seneca"); at 9 BP. M, for JAMAICA, per
steamship Admiral Schley, from Boston,

SATURDAY. -At 2:50 A, M. for NEWFOUND.
LAND, per steamship Assyrian, from Phila-
deiphia: at 0:30 A.M. (supplementary 10 A, M,)
for ST. THOMAS, ST. CROIX, LEEWARD
and WINDWARDISLANDS, and DEMERARA

r steamship Fontabelle mail for Grenada and

Winidad must be directed “per steamship Fon-
tabelle’): at 10 A, M, (supplementary 10:30 A, M>
for FORTUNE _ISLAND, JAMAICA, SAVA-
NILLA, CARTHAGENA and GREYTOWN,
per steamship Altai (mail for Costa Rica must
te directed “Tt steamship Altel); at 10 A, M
for PORTO RICO, per steamsh{p Ponce; at 14
A.M, for GRENADA and TRINIDAD, per steam-
ship Grenada; at 11 A, M, for CUBA, per steam-
ship Havana, \la Havana; at 12 M, for NORT:
BRAZIL, per steamship Benedict,

Mails for Newfoundland, by ratl to North § »
and thence by steamer, close at this office dally
at 6:30 P. M, connecting close here every Mons
day, Wednesday and Saturday), Matls for
Miquelon, by rail to Boston, and thence by steam-
er, close at this office dally at 4:30 P.M. Mails
for Cuba, by rail to Port Tampa, Fla., and thence
by steamer, close at this office dally except Mon-
day) at §7 A. M., (the connecting closes ate on
Sunday, Wednesday and Friday), Malls for
Cuba, by rat! to Miami, Fla., and thenee by
steamer, close at this office every Monday, Tues-
day and Saturday at 72:30 A. M. (the connecting
closes are on Tuesday and Saturday), Mails
for Mexten City, overland, unless specially ad-
dressel for despatch by steamer, close at this
office datly at 280 4. M. and 230 P.M. Maile
for Costa Riea, Belize, Puerto Cortez and Guate-
mala, by rail to New Orleans, and thence b
steamer close at this office dally at §3:00 P, M,
connecting closes here Tuesdays for Costa Rica
and Mondays for Belize, Puerto Cortez and Guate-
mala ¢Registered mail cioses at 6 P. M. pre-
vious day, tHecistered mall closes at 6 P. M,
second day before,

TRANSPACIFIC MAILS,

Malls for China and Japan, via Vancouver, close
here daily at 6.30 P. M, upto July §3d, Inelusive,
for despatch ner steamship Empress of Ching
(registered mat) must be directed “vila Vancouver,
Malls for Hawall, China, Japan and Philippine
Islands, via San Francisco, close here dally at
6:20 P. Mo unto July goth, inclusive, for despatch
per steamship Nippon Maru. Matis for China,
Japan and Philippine Islands, tia Tacoma, close
here daily at 6:30 P. M. upto July $5th, inclustve,
for despatch per steamship Goodwin. Malls tor
Australia ‘except West Australia), New Zealand,
Hawall, Mt! and Samoan Islands, via San Fran-
cisco, close here dally at 6:40 P. M, after June
$284 and up to July é7th, Inclustve, or on day of
errival of steamship Campanta, due at New York
July 67th, for despateh per steamship Moana,
Malis for China, Japan and Philippine Islands,
via Seattle, close here dally at 6:30 P.M. up to
July 12th, inclusive, for despatch per steam-
stip Rictun Maru cregistered matl must be dl.
rected “via Seattle’), Mails for Hawall, Ja
China and Piilippine Islands, via San Fran-
eiseo, close here dally at 6:40 P.M. up to July

étdth, Inclusive, for despatch per steamship Rio

de Jandiro. Malls for Hawall, via San Fran.
ciero, close bere daily at 6:40 P.M. up to July
g20th, inclustve, for despateh per steamship Aus:
tralla. Malls for Australla vexcept West Aug
traila, whieh woes via Purope, and New Zealan
which goes tla San Franctseo), Hawall, an
MH Islands, \!a Vaneonver, close here dally at
6:30 P. Mo up to.tuly ¢21si, inclusive, for despateh
per steamship Miowera.
Transpacific mails are forwarded to port of sailing
daily, and the schedule of closing ts arranged on
resumption of thelr uninterrupted overland tranalit
Registered mall closes at 6 P. M. previous day.
CORNELIUS VAN COTT, Postmaster,
Post OMce New York, N. ¥., Jume 20, 1900,

   

 

; Medical,

 

eee

Branch Offices of “THE SUN.”

Advertinements and Subscriptions may be leftaé
these offices, where (he rutes will be the same
se tho-e chareed at the maiu ellive,

NEW YORK CITY,

1265 Broadway,
11 West 12 sth 3%

LONG ISLAND GIy, N. Y.,

3 Bore .. BN. Dodsoa,
BOSTON. MASS., .

85 hi St, T. P.
NEWARK. ‘ashington St., T. Harrison

N. J.
704 Broad &¢., P. N, So:
CHICAGO, ILL, om
809 Stock Mach, RAnilding, 0.7. Billsea,
COLORADO SPRINGS, COLO.,
Hagerman Block, T. a. Thorne

ADR AR AA

eeeneereqnegpareatinmess — senna
TTENTION—OLD DR. GRINDLE, GRADUAT,
UNIVERSITY OF THECITY OF NEW YOR
MEDICAL DLPARTMENT, $5 YUARS A SP
CIALIS / IN DISEASES OF MEN. OLD DR. GRIN-
DLE has been longer esiabiished and bas had more
experience than any other advertising physicia!
ely papers prove this. Under his scientife system
treatment bieod and skin dlseases, pain in bones,
spots, sore throat and mouth, ulcers, painful swel-
lings, bidney and bladder complaints, scalding im
flammation, gravel, \indevcloped orgaus, weak back
Jost vilailty, are speedily, permanentiy cured Me
about to marry should go to DR. GRINDLE'’S
established oMfce, over 15 years at 17) West i

 

 

between 6th and 7th avs. Impediments remov
do not waste (ime consulting less skit
physiclans. Remember OLD DR, GRINDLE has
record for marvellous cures. Advice trea Mediclag
$!}. Hours ¥ to% Sundays #to 3,

OLD DR. GREY, 45 vears a apectalist ia
diseases of men only, Quickest permanent cure
muaranteed in ail the disecses pecullar lo men, blood
poison, skin diseases, kianey and biadder troubdl
weakness, nervous debiity, errors of youth,
(Greanmis, undeveloped organs, Impediments to mat

Sulferers,

 

riage, &e. Consult old Dr, Grey rst he is the old
est established and the longest in practice of any
| spectaiist in the efty, office over AS years at 120 Kast
7th ot, near Union Square Hours, ¥ wv; Sum

keptupto winter standard: prices low; refer: |

ences required in all eases: call

Brooklyn,

C(JOLUMBIA HEIGHTS, 138-Attractive rooms:
‘ unobstructive harbor view: table service first
class; five minutes to Bridge, ferries

(COLUMBIA HEIGHTS. 81 — Pleasant: summer
home with execllent board; Dr. Shepard's Turk
ish Baths; Russian baths, ete
NM OSROE PLACE, 27—Heights; bh sndsomely fur-
4 nished rooms; all conveniences: good liable;
transients accommodated; table boarders desired,
Ppaciric ST., 468—Newly furnished square rooms.
all improvements: board ontional, gentlemen
only: convenient cars, (lind. briage.

IULASKIST., |5—Newly furnished rooms: seeond
floor unfurnished: all improvements; board op-
Hlonal; convenient Land trolley

ATASHINGION SI 287 ~Newly furnished suites;

3 connecting rooms; all |improvemen ws; Orst-class
table; reference exchanged. - -

 
 
  
 

eatnent, advice free Medi
charge uniess cured.

———

days, ¥toda Selentis
cine only So cenw.  )

\ QUICKEST PERMANENT CURF tn diseases
fYe of wens daggtrous cases solicited relief at onos;
those desiring only first claas scientific treat ne
shouldeai. The leading specialist, UK. HONSCHUR
14] West 2istst. Vtod, 7tow

A A. DR. CONRAD'S SANITARIUM (Fatab
4h. |8A0) Diserses of Women. newly and com
pletely equipped. 127 Wo 47th ot tate 117) Come
sultation free, slours ¥—% Send for bookies Tel
3320 Aah
CUSRIBTINA HANSEN. cxpertenced specialist, fe-
toate Irregularities and suppressions: success
Cuaranived every case or no charee. absolutely safe;
painless: consultation free, coutidentivet 337 West
2istst

D" MHS. REINHAKD treats (emule irregular
thes: stegle or carried, SU years’ experience.
112 West 4)d st.

TH ST., 228 WEST—Dr. Crowe cures t
49 {ues at onee without palin or medicine tor Ha

enn agate tibia ath en beste tien,

 
  
 
  
  

PEt ers