of «c\trse. quite another question.
h douvt if they allwere., I very much
it that al! of the visitors were picked up,
ee, were mostly from Hoboken so that it
ni be «imply a matter of time until it will be
will vhether the majority of these visitors
ad or were drowned,

river is,
very mue

known

 

  

wei he yorty longshorenien were in the forward
part or the shiy. dl have no means of knowing
ai j neither have our other officers, whether
yoy syeceeded in getting out or not. There
tev iso some stokers in the coal holes, Both
ie Jongshoremen and the stokers were below
the fre and it may be that when they tried to
make their escape they were unable to get
throug!) the flames above them, If thev were

to death their bodies must be on the
starboard side of the ship, We have gone all
Fhrough the portside and there are no bodies
there. The heat on the starboard side is still
so great that it has been quite impossible to

any explorations there. Unless we can

burned

 

rake ‘
get this fire out soon and the Vessel gets a chance
% cool off, it may be a week or more before
apy body will be able to go through the star-
ard side
wear Nierich asthe captain of the Bremen,
He was ashore when the fire started and when

piers a wall of fire shut him off
from his shin. T never saw aman more deeply
affected. For a time he was almost beside
jmsel! Lhe only other officer we carried be-
des the ones I have mentioned as being aboard
and myself, was HMeimrich Atbers, the senior

he got to he

 

  

 

with |

fourth officer. Last night 1 bad a talk
Theodore Rien, one of the stewards, and an }
other steward whom he called Max, Both
these men jumped from the Bremen after she
had been towed out into the river, and they
both told me they thought everybody had

cuceeeded jn getting off the ship, but they were
quite certuin that several were drowned,”

Mr. Meyer went on to say that the Bremen
had taken on a considerable portion of her
cargo at the time she was caught in the flanes
and that longehoremen were at work taking
out some of the cargo which she had brought
mn. Practically all the freight on board con-
sisted of cotton, rice, fertilizer and spirita,
The riee and the fertilizer were being dis-
harged. Vir. Mever said that a good par
of the cotton Was in that part of the hold from
about amidships aft,

THIEVES MAKE A BIG RAUL,

Mr Mever said that between the time the
steamer Was towed from her pier to the tlme
sje Was rua aground off Weehawken, thieves
had goue through the eabios aad all the officers’
quarters acd had stolen everything of valne
ro be foucd there, All the oMcers, of course
ost all of their clothing, but none of them is
sure thatit Was all burned. From the fact that
each of them has lost valuables in the way
of jewelry, they ure inclined to believe that

some of their clothing was not burned, but
stole Mr. Mever felt) particularly badly
over the loss of a German ehronometer, This

been given to his father for dis-
tiiguched bravery in saving lives from a
wrecked sailing vessel in 1865, when he was
indoof the German ship Hansau. At
the death of his father Mr. Mever received
the wateh and he had earried it every day until

nateh bad

in eon

  

Saturda When he went ashore he ljeft it
i waisteoat in his eabin. He also lost some

other articles of jewelry. It is believed that

the thieves boarded the ship from the tugs with

whieh she Was surrounded after she left her
el

OUVENIR HUNTERS CAMP ALSO,
Kut (hese thieves were no more bold than

 

the souvenir hunters were anno,ing all
dav sosterdas They climbed aboard on the
port ie and considered anything that they

yound whieh they wanted to be thelr legiti-
nate pre They swarined into the officers’
quarters overhanled their papers, went through

hests of drawers and pitomppied to take away
everything that Wasn't nailed. For a= time
the: escaped Mr. Meyer's notice, but he found
) iffer a tine what Was going on, and sta-
Hioved a man at the entrance to the cabin with
orders to allow no one to get in,

While TH SUN in Was aboard, a steam
mach with the name Yale at her stern, steamed
alongside with a party of men aboard. The
jaunch had been there but a few minutes when
Mr. Maser saw one of the men reach a pike
over onto the Bremen and pull two large red
blankets aboard the launch, He said nothing
for a while, but kept his eves open. A few
few minutes later the pike Was again extended
and a rug and a German flag which had been
rolled up Was fished over onto the launch. Then
Mr. Meyer got nad, He drew himself up as
straight as he could and yelled:

“Yale, ahoy! What the devil are you doing
there?) Wontyouleave me my blankets? They
are about all [ have left.”

Sure,” velled back a man from the launch,
and the two red blankets were thrown back
ipon the blistered deck of the Bremen. Then
the launch started away, but Mr. Meyer had
something more to say.

‘Yale, ahoy!” he shouted, “Put back that
rug and that flax. If you think you can steal
under my nose you are mistaken.

The launch put back and threw the rug
the tag aboard the steamer.

  

re and
rhen, turning to

the reporter, Mr. Meyer 4aid:
I cannot understand these peonle. IT have
been pestered this way nearly allday. These ,

souvenir folks would steal the gold out of a
man’s teeth, if he didn't look out. And there is
no policaman here to protect valuabies. I do
not understand why the authorities do not
send the police here to] rotect us. If wewere
in Germany, there woul

men abd three or four arined soldiers aboard
fo protect _ property.”

white the Bremen is badly burned, her decks
and some of the other woodwork are still
intact, A walk along the port side of her cabin
and her hold shows that the fire got inside and

be three or four police. |

burned its way pretty weil through fromeone !

end to the other. ‘The superstructure is also

badly burned. All of the finishings and the |
furniture are, of course, deutroyed. The
chief damage, however, appears to have been

trom the great heat generated by the fire
This heat, a8 Mr. Meyer said, has so warped the
jlates and twisted the frame work that it
does not seem that what fs left of the ship ean
be repaired. The probabilities are that, if
there shall be a North German Lloyd Bramen
in the future, it must be a new Bremen trom the
Keel up.

CHIEP COOK KUHNE'S STORY.

Of the men at St. Vincent's Hospital, Her-
man Lust was too badly affected by the shock
and by his injuries to talk, but the two other
men, Erail Widenhammer and Gustav Kuhne,
told stories of their escape and rescue, Kuhne
was chief cook on the Bremen, and was up
on the turtle deck of the steamship when the
fire started. He said the first he knew of the
blaze was when @ great mass of flanie shot over
and around him, There were several women
and children, visitors to the vessel. on the deck
where he was, he said, and when the fire swept
over the Bremen they all jumped overboard
nto the water. Kuhne did not watch them,
ie said, bit there were several tugs close to
the burning steamship, and he thought they
were all picked up. He, himself, had his right
aria burned, and in his excitement, while mine
ing along the deck to escape from the flames,
he ran into a windlass and broke his nose. His
scalp was also cut and one of his eves badly
bruised Buhne jumped overboard and swam
fo @ pier, omebody threw him a rop
pulled him ashore, i

Windenhammer, a fireman on the Bremen
was below when the steamship caught fire’
He heard cries and ran up on deck, T Re Vessel
was already being towed out into the river
with her upper works ablaze. He helped, he
said, to lower the ship's lifeboats. Many of
those on the Bremen, he thought, were saved
with her own boats. He got into a boat which
was crowded so full that it was in danger of
swamping, but the party inauaged to row it
down to the Hamburg dock, where they “ot
ashore. In the boat with Widenhammer were
4 Paymaster of the Bremen, a woman and a
little boy and several stewards and sailors,

Widenhaminer said there were seventy tire-
men on the Bemen, and a large number of
Visitors were also abourd. The confusion
Was 80 @reat that he could not see how man
of those who were below at the tune escaped,
Hie tiought Many of them must have been
unable to reach the deck, the Canes spread
so rapidly, It seemed to him oly eight or
Hine iminutes from the time he heard tue first
ery of tire ull the whole upper part of the ship
Was ablaze, He was burned before he could
eet off Lhe vessel,

HIS CAP CAUGHT FINE.

Hammond Becker, electrician on the Bremen
Was slightly burned on the right hand. fe
saved hinelf by jumping from the steru while
theship wisin midstream. He said the hatches
vere not closed, but many coulda’t get on deck
becatse the smoke wus so dense. They could
hot find the stairs. He was in the electrie
tiachine room and ran up four flights of stairs
Wien he reached the top his cap was on fire
He threw it away, ran to the stern and jumped.
He was picked up by a boat from a coal barge.
\ boat from the Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse
finally took him aboard. Becker says there
‘as a large party of visitors aboard, among
‘her a number of women, These were low-
boat, which turned over. The women
ked up by a small boat

  
 

 

: ‘ lhere was
4 large number of machinists, engineers and
Terien trving a new boiler, The third en-
enoer, Walbizot, was with them. They were
lakes, « at il o'clock on Saturday night

_ tt ) Glodde, an oiler, says he was on
feck oboe aerane. He ran to stop the elec.
tre toochinery. Before it could be stopped
ever * Was burning. He lowered hime

one to a beat. ard was taken ona
vm the Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse
smeany men were below decks

 

CREDIT DUK TO SUPT, BURDICK

. Lue! Engineer Charles Root of the Morgan
“eanship Lane's fire fighting tue bil Amuro,
‘a oterday that much of the credit_of saving
the Pennsylvania pter on the New York side
trom burning « ooue to Superintendent Ben-
fimin F Burdiek of Pier 37 of the Morgan line

 

1 earmship Breren, with her upper works
eolze, Was driftingg broadside on toward the
Hier and a number of t which were on the

bl

     

pata rh side of the big slip, throwing streams
Water on her, were on!. pushing her further
5 i er captains could t see how near
the New York piers the ting Capt
Hurd ck, whe was on the !1 Amigo, saw the
Sanger and had the tuw run sronnd the stern

ine stew uship, The tug pushed the stern
. he big vessel off from the <here, and made
som for other tugs, whose men lad by this
ine seen the danger, to run in en the shore
pd of the vessel and push her out into the
the da, Capt. Burdick swung himsel! up on

deck of the Bremen, from where he clirected
work of the tugs and had the burning vessel

of

|

  
 

   

pushed further upstream. The ship had
ven left before that to take pretty much her
own course, because there had been no one ab
the head of things, A deckhand of the Fl
Amigo also climbed upon the Kremen’s stern,
ind haweers frou hall a dozen tugs were made
fast to her, The vessel was then towed steadily
up the stream to the place where she was
beached, ler decks were ablaze, but the strong
northwest wind kept the heat away from her
stern, where Capt, Burdick hud taken his stand,
Phé chief engineer of the El Amigo said
looked into a lower deck port of the Bremen.
The first thing he saw was an electric light,
indicating that a dynamo was running. This,
he sald, showed that there was not very reat
heat in the lower parts of the ship. Ye did
not see any men on the lower deck

THIS COAL PASSER MAY Dt,

Kmil Neubauer, a coal passer on the Bremen,
one of the half drowned and shivering men
taken to the Hotel Hudsen, became so ill res-
terday that he had to be removed to St. Mary's
Hospital. His left arm had been burned and
he had received internal injuries, Little hope
Was entertained for his recovery

TWO CHILDREN RESCUED.

Two of the youngest victims of the fire who
were taken toSt, Mary's Hospital were Walter
Bretthauer, § years olf, and his brother, Curt,
aged 5, sons of Henry Drotthauer. a saloon-
keener of 10 Hudson street, Hoboken. The
boys came to this country from Germany only
Seven weeks ago. On Saturday they went
with their nurse, Mary Durack, to visit a stew=
ard nemed August on the Bremen, Soon after
boarding the boat the fire started Aceording
to the story which the children tell the steward
cried: “Leave the children, Mary, and Ull save
you!”

Mary refused to leave the children. Then,
the children say, the steward put them aboard
one of the small boata on deck, but while it
was being lowered one of the ropes parted
and two women fell into the water and were
drowned. The boat, after reaching the water,
took fire and the children were rescued by
the crew of a small boat. Walter was severely
burned about the head and Curt had one leg
burned. Their nurse says she tried to put
them aboard two tugs nearby, but the cap-
tains refused to take them, saying they had
no Toom for children.

 

BARGES SAVED HUNDREDS,

One Tow Carried Off 300 Men -Twenty-two
of These Freight Boats Lost.

Of the many canalboats, cotton lighters and
coal boats that were clustered about the big
steamships and the piers where the fire started,
thirty-seven had been definitely accounted for,
as either lost or saved, last night. Twenty-
two of these, with their cargoes, were lost.
Some of them burned and sank at the piers.
The others drifted downstream ablaze and
were stranded. Among the latter was Capt.
Timothy Rafferty's big coal boat George Not-
ter that went ashore on Governors Island, In
addition to the barges that were burned or sunk
there was a pile-driver, owned by R. J. and
P. H. Stats,lost at the Fourth street pier of the
Thingvalla line. The five men aboard her, who
had been at work on the ts0-foot extension of
the pier, escaped by swimming to the boat-
house landings. Their dog was burned to death
in the cabin. Eight loaded freight cars in the
Campbell stores were also burned, Five canal
boats from which the grain elevator Themis
was pumping grain into the steamship Main
were destroyed. Three were Capt. Dennis
King’s Nolan, Capt. Andrew Smith's Wells and
Capt. George Rafferty’s Sam J. Knapp. King,
Smith and Rafferty with their crews all es-
eaped, but Capt. King was so badly burned
that he was taken to Christ Hospital. Raf-
ferty's steam canalboat Puritan, which was
in the same slip, got out in safety.

The canalboats andiighters that were towed
away from danger offered the best means of
eseape for the longshoremen and sailors
who were at work on the pliers and steam ships
and hundreds of them availed themselves of
the ovportunity. Many who were counted as
lost on Saturday night showed up yesterday
and said that they had saved themselves by
jumping on the barges that were being towed
out.

Capt. Henry L. Kruse of the tug boat Nettie
lL. Tice towed four boats to safety and he said
yesterday that at least three hundred persons
were saved on that one tow. The Nettie T.
‘Vice was about to shift a coal boat and its hoister
from the south side of Pier 1 to the north side
when Capt. Moller, the superintendent of the
docks rushed to the end of the pier, giving the
alarm and told Capt, Kruse to save the men.
The tugboat swung uwround and inimediately
took in tow the Pennsylvania Kailroad coal
boats Enterprise and Jeflerson, that had been
putting coal aboard the Kaiser Wilhelm der
Grosse, the cotton lighter Uno, belonging to
Jarvis & Co. with 500 bales of cotton
aboard and the starin scow barge Walker J.

Peck. Before the tugboat with her string of
four in tow gol unaer way seores of men
swarmed over the sides of the pier and the ship
and got aboard the barges. ‘They were ail
towed down to the Velaware, Lackawanna and
Western Kadroad piers south of the iiovoken
ferry. ‘Ihe cotton on the Uno began to blaze
alter she Was supp to have been saved and
tue railroad men set her adrift down stream.

Capt. Kruse went back up stream to where
the Saale was drifting and took 40 men from
that sip.

“some of them jur orerboard and we
picked them Wp." said Capt. Kruse. “We took
others from rudder chains. One woman,
with her clothing all ablaze, jumped overboard
and wa drowned. On the deck of the Saale
aft, were at least thirty men. They seemed
to have a leader in their misery. If we could
have got him to Jump: the others would have
followed, aud most of them would have been
saved, But the leader lost his nerve. We
yelled to him a dozen times to jump 4s he stood
at the rail, but it was no use. He finally went
to the other side of the ship and the rest fol-
lowed him like a flock of sheep.” After
her work of rescue from the Saale the tugboat
Nettie L. Tice went in by the most northern

jer of the Hamburg-American Line and did
ireboat service with two lines of hose More
than half the time the steward, Thomas Wright,
had to play one of the streams on the tugboat
itself to keep it from catching fire.

Another lighter, on which nearly one hun-
dred persons from the Bremen are said to have
been saved, was the cotton lighter Captain Lange,
owned by the Manhattan Laghverage Company
and in charge of Capt. Jack Behmer. She
was pulled out by the steam lighter Dayton
of the Savannah Vine, with sailors and long-
shoremen, as thick as fites, clinging to the 500
bales of cotton that were plied up on her deck.

The Manhattan Lighterage Company's Texas,
which lay far in by the bulkhead on the north
side of Pier 3, was destroyed. Capt. Paul
Buschbaum of the Texas saved himself by
swimming till he was picked up by a tug. He
said that two of his crew perished.

‘Lhe other boats saved by the steain lighter
Dayton were the Lehigh Valley Railroad
barge President, Capt. Willian A, Coffill, who
had just delivered 110 barrels of flour stores
the fenusylvania Railroad Company's lighters
Robbins and Darbey and Capt, John Dowd's
Rambler, : ,

The Darbey, Robbins and President were
all in the slip between Piers 2 and 3. Capt.
Coffill said that a Eureka coal barge which lay
alongside the Saale was sunk in the oe; The
captain was ashore. His wite and child were
aboard, A cotton lighter belonging to the
Starin Transportation Company, which was
in the same slip with him but nearer the bulk-
head, was burned at the pier. An Old Do-
minion barge also sank in that same slip,

Capt. William Williamson's canalboat Ama-
zon, Which lay on the north side of the upper
pier putting cotten on the Main and a Starin
cotton lighter in the sarne slip, were pulled out
and saved by the tugboats White Ash and
Griswold. The lillian, owned by Robinson,
Wright & Co., with 600 bales of cotton aboard
for the Main and one of the Shortland Com-
pany's cotton lighters were burned and sunk
near the bulkhead between Pier 1 of the North
rinan Lloyd line and the Thingvalla_ pier,
Their crews are supposed to have escaped,

Vhe big grain boats Dixon, Capt. John: Pat-
terson, and Columbia, Capt. ©. Olds, were
both reported lost last night. Nothing had
been heard of Patterson and Olds at the Jer-
sey City pier, where they made their head-
quarters :

The Pennsylvania Railroad Company's coal
hoats Atlantic, Pennsylvania and No. 14 were
lout. The eoulboat Westerniand of the same line
vasa towed out in av blave and she was left at
the coal piers in Jersey City with ber cabin
burned eff and her deek badly charred, Capt.
Pete Yeonson, his wife and two children were
all slight!y burned

Coathoats Embra and No, 8 of the Pennayl-
vania Railroad line were saved,

wo barves belonging to Shertiand & Com-
pany low! d with sugar were burned and sunk
at the Thingvalia pier Their crewr escaped,

Capt, Smithson, superintendent of the Thing-
valli Line, escaped from the pier by jumpin
on the scow \lniden and he was afterwar
taken off by the tugboat Brandon,

rhe barge Kobinson, loaded with iron ore
slaw. lay on the north side of Pier 1, It is sup-
posed that she sank in the slip

4 Giidersleeve grain boat on the south side
of Pier 2 was burned down to the water and
then «ank, Just before the fire aman, woman
nd child) were seen aboard of her, Another
Gildersieeve gra'n boat with a cargo for the
Main wes lost in the slip north of Pier 1

The barge August. was burned and sank
on the north side of the Thingvalla pier. Her
car tain and moatsjumiped overboard and swam
ashore

Cart. Ht. Austin of the barge Leonard, owned
hy Wharford & Rebinson, «aid vesterday that
he could find no trace of his boat and that she
had probably gone down in the slip north of
Pier 1. When he went ashore, just before
the fire, there was one man op bo.

   

 

ie ae

wee 7

 

|
|

|

eS SS

THE SUN, MO

  
  

 
    

BETWEEN 6 AND 7 MILLIONS LOST.
North German Lioyd’s Own Losses Pat Under
$5,000,000 I sured.

‘Lee lowes of the steamship company itselfion
steamships and piers are put under $5,000,000

 

by the agents. The loss on merchandise and |
lighters burned may be $600,000, The loss on | woun

the Campbell storage warehouse and its con-
tents is put at $1,300,000,

Mr. Schwab eald Inst night that auy attempt | has
to estimnate the total losses by the fire would, at | ¢

the present time, be mere guesswork.
Main," sald Mr. Schwab, ‘‘cost about $1,000,000,
the Bremen $1,200,000 and the Saale $800,000,
Basing an estimat> on these figures and upon
the approximate value of our piers, | would
place our own loss at a little short of $5,000,000.
We are well protected by insurance, both in
outside companies and by ourselves. We are
capitalized at $20,000,000."
This was the cargo that was burned:

Pter No. 1.—Part of which probably had gone on
the steamship Main or was stllin lighters: 2,600
bales cotton, 225 barrels cottonseed ofl, 1,000 tons
slag, 5,430 bags middlings, 5,365 bags brewers’
grain, 57 packages household goods, 250 barrels beef,
112 bales tobacco, 113 barrels shoe pegs, 11 boat
loads of corn, of which probably eight loads had gone
on the steamship Main, balance being in barges
alongside.

Pier No. 2.—Partof which probably had gone on
the steamship Bremen: 56 cases machinery and
hardware, 50 bales tobacco stems, 1,274 bales of cot-
ton, nearly all of which had probably gone on the
steamship Bremen by Saturday afternoon.

Pier No, 3-147 barrels iron, 10 cases machinery
1 068 bales cotton.

THE KAISER'S ESCAPE.

a

Many Men From Other Ships Aboard Her
-—Some of Their Stories.

Snug in her berth at one of the docks of the
Cunard Line the Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse
lay yesterday, and there was little about her to
show tbat she had been so near the conflagra-
tion that destroyed the other ships. Though
she received a good scorching on her port side
from bow to midships, Capt Engelbart sald
that $2,000 would cover all the damage. All
that was wanted, he said, was some white paint
and, perhaps, another lifeboat. Some of the
ports needed new glass, and there was a charred
oar from the boats here and there, but there was
little else to show for the fire.

‘The Kaiser had been early in getting away
from her pier. No sooner had the flames been
communicated to the Bremen than Capt. Engel-
bart had his lines made loose and all was in
readiness for moving. There was little steam
on, barely enough, one of her engineers said
yesterday, to run the donkey engine and the
dynamo. But three of the tugs that swarmed
around the place soon made fast to the big
steamship and she was towed out into mid-
stream. She lay for the night opposite For-

tieth street. Meantime the officers of the
Cunard Line had offered accommodations to
the North German Lloyd, and at 7 o'clock yea.
terday morning the Kalser was moored in one of
the Cunard docks.

As she was the only vessel figuring in the fire
that was brought to the New York side a throng
of visitors went down to see her. Many went
to inquire about friends on her and on the other
vessels, and for a time the small detail of police
had all it could do to preserve anything like
order. As for the men on the Kaiser, all were
accounted for but four. She had a crew of
526 men in all and of the four who were absent
when the crew was called together this morn-
ing the captain said that they could probably
be found in Hoboken.

The Kaiser was a sort of a receiving shi
for the crews of the ships that were destroyed.
She had on board yesterday fifty-three men
who were not of her crew. Of these twenty-
one were deckhands, twenty were from the
stewards’ departinent and twelve from = the
engine room. Among them was Fourth En-
gineer Soppa from the Bremen. He had a
bad bruise on his chin, whieh he received in
escaping from his burning vessel. Soppa
said that he was down in the engine room when
he first heard that the pier was on fire. He
did not think at the time that his own ship was
in danger, and when the men from below
serambied to get to the ripper deck he did not
join them. When, a minute or so later, he
heard the fire roaring overhead aud tried to
make his escape, he found that he was cut off.
The coal port was open. and he jumped through
this to a coal barge lving alongside. He landed
on his head in the coal and was stunned for
the moment, but soon recovered and made
his way through the smoke and heat to the
pler on the other side.

“When I was making my way to the pier,”
Soppa said yesterday, “I saw men in the water
ov all sides. I think there must have been
fifty of them who had jumped from the Bremen,
and as | went along many of them went down
‘Tugboats picked up some of then, but there
must have been a lot who were drowned.”

Wilhelm Lindner, 14 years old, came in for
a good deal of attention on the Kaiser yester-
day. Wilhelm is short and chubby, and he
wore yesterday a pair of overalls that one of

 

 

the sailors had given to him aud which had |

to be rolled up many times to prevent his trip-
ping. He was al the stern of the Breinen when
she caught fire and soon saw that he could
not escape by way of the pier. So he jumped
nd swam across the dock, meanwhile losing
his trousers,

Few men from the Bremen, which was the
nearest vessel to the Kaiser, were saved by her.
The flames had no svoner given evidence that
they would spread to the abipping than the
biggest of all the liners was pulled out of her
dock. Lines were thrown out and these were
grasped by some of those who were struggling
in the water. The tugboats were on band by
this time, however, and the hands on them
could go about the work of rescue much more
easily than could those on the big steamship.
In all about ten men were taken aboard the
Kaiser.

Some of the men from the Bremen who were
on the Kaiser vesterday told stories of tugboat
men who pulled them out of the water only after
they had promisedtogivemoney. These yarns,
however, werenot generally believed. One man
told of a lonashorerman who had been working
on the Bremen shortly before the fire and who
had jumped into the water. The longshore-
man, the sailor said, «wam over to a tugboat
and when he asked to be taken on board
one of the deckhands said: “What is it worth?”
The longshoreman, according to the story,
turned around and swam asiiore.

Capt. Engelbart called his men together
on the upper deck of the Kaiser after breakfast
yesterday morning and told them how glad he
was of the way tn which they behaved. All
of the crew had been accounted for except a
few, he said, and they would probably be heard
from later. The men turned out after breakfast
to wipe out all traces of the fire as quick!ly as
voasible. A lot of painters wera set to work to
ollow the sailors who had scraped down the
port side, where there were great black blotches.

y noon half of these were covered over. Capt.
Engelbart said that the Kaiser would sail, as
scheduled, on Tuesday.

 

 

BURNED SHIPS AND SALVAGE,

No Doabt of Capt. Mirow's Death—Interview
With Agent Schwab,

Gustav H. Schwab, agent of the North Ger-
man Lloyd Line, boarded a tug early yesterday
morning and made an examination of the Main,
Saale and Bremen. After that he superin-
tended the docking of the Kaiser Wilhelm der
Grosse at Pier 52, North River, and then he re-
turned to his office in the Bowling Green Build-
ing, where he spent the remainder of the day
compiling a list of the dead, the missing and the
survivors,

Mr. Schwab said offthe ships;" The Main and the
Bremen looked to be in very bad shape, particu-
larly the Main, which of course is a total loss
outside of her hull and machinery. I have
some fears, too, regarding the. Bremen, She
seems in a bad way, having a decided list to
port and she may go over. I have no hopes of
saving much of the Saale, with the possible ex-
ception of the hull, and I have some doubt if
we will be able to save that. The Merritt-
Chapman people are now at work puntping the
Soale out. After that work is completed the
work of raising her will be begun. No, I will
not say that IT consider all these steamships
total losses, 1] have hopes that such will not be
the case. The Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse is
not dumaged at all. Of course she is a litle
scorched, but that will not hurt her.

“As to the cargo on the burned vessels, Mr.

Bohnes,our freight agent,says that it will amount
to at least $1,400,000, The Saale was fully
londed, having « cargo of copper, merchandise
and cotton. We hope to save some of this,
The Bremen had a small inward end outward
cargo of merchandise, The Main had = 1,se0
tous of grain, 1,000 tons of slag and about 3,000
bales ef cotton. As regards the loss of freight,
both inward and outward bound, whiea was
standing on the piers, it is as yet impossible to
Place a figure. {i consisted principally of cot-
ton, tobacco, merchandise, machinery and
cement, « °

“Part of the insurance on the burned ves-
sels is covered by ourselves and part of it by
the insurance companies, The piers are en-
tirely insured by local companies. The in-
ward and outward freight on the piers amounts
to a great deal of money, but T cannot say
how much, We, of course, are not responu-
sible for the losses to cargo on our piers or
vessels for the reason that the fire cannot be
traced to carelessness or negligence on our
part. It was by the act of G We had no

st The iia kta dk eee

 

turpentine or other inflaminable liquids on our

jers, We did have some lubricating oil, but

t was absolutely safe, being 300 flash test.

' “Mr. Mackay of the Commercial Cable Com-
pany has offered to cable all the messages
of survivors to German relatives, free of charge.
All the survivors who are able to make the
trip will be sent to B
helm der Grosse which saile on Tuesday. ‘The
and the families of the dead of our
crews Will, of course, have the advantage of
the company’s Seaman's Kelief Fund.
| “The body of Capt. J. Mirow of the Saale
been identified beyond a
. Mr. Moller went aboard the Saale
nd found a charred body lying on the deck.
Near it, however, was found a peculiar knife
which the captain is known to have carried
and also some jewelry which was also iden-
tings as Capt. N rows. te .

“Regardibg salvage, lo not expect any
large claims to be made for the salving of
the Kaiser Wilhelm. She had no steam ui
when the fire was discovered and was haul
out by the tugs with but little damage. The
salvage on the vessels will be divided among
the craft eng in the rescue, Salvage
will be paid on the value of the vessels and
their cargo and the captains and crews en-
gaged in the rescue will receive money ac-

 

NDAY, JULY 2, 1900.

men on the Kaiser Wil- |

reasonable |

cording to what they did, the time they spent |

and the risk they underwent.
| “IT also want to say that we had adequate
| facilities for fighting fire on our piers, ‘Dut of
course our fire department could do nothing
against that sea of flame.”
the line, Agent Schwab said, will keet upita
scheduled voyages, but he ls not yet certain
| where the steamships will dock. It ia possible
that they will come to this city. Rebuilding the
Hoboken piers will begin as soon as possible,
Mr. Schwab was asked {f it was true tnat a
rule of the company required ita ships to bank
their fires in port; eo that when the fire came
they could not get out with their own steam.
He said that it was the rule.

IDENTIFYING THE DEAD,

 

 

Crowds About the Morgues Where the Bodice
Lie -Clergyman Offers His Charch.

Hoboken's two morgues were visited yese
terday by hundreds of persona in search of
missing relatives and friends. Many other
visitors were on hand out of curiosity, but
these received scant courtesy. Only two
bodies were at Hoffman's Morgue, 113 Jack+
son street, but scores of persons called there
and left the names of missing onea. Coroner
Hoffman was about the river front all day. He
had men out in rowboats searching among
the piles of the burnt piers for bodies, Arch
Deacon William R. Jenvey, rector of St. Paul's
Church of Hoboken, notifled Coroner Hoff-
man that his services were at the call of the
Coroner.

“I don’t want any of the unknown dead to
be buried without Christian services over their

remains,” said Mr. Jenvey, “My church will
be opened to receive any of them and my ser-
vices are at your call.”

At. O'Donnell’s| Morgue there was only
one body, that of pay F. Karde!, a long-
shoreman of 407 Bloomfield street, Hoboken,
who was picked up yesterday morning in the
water at the foot of Third street. ardel's
body was claimed by relatives. He was identi-
fled through a saloon card found in his pocket.
On the back the saloon keeper had signed a
receipt for a month's rent for a flat,

The body of the woman picked up off the
Hamburg pier on Saturday night was identi-
fled yesterday in Hoffman's Morgue as Philo-
mena Cordes, a stewardess on the Saale. She
was married and lived in Bremer-Haven. She
was identified by an officer and several of the
crew of the Saale. Her husband Is said to be
employed in this elty as a bartender, He was
corer a steward on one of the North Ger-
man Lloyd steamers, but five years ago he
and his wife separated and he left the sea. Re-
cently Mrs, Cordés became recqneiled to him.
On Friday he visited her on the steamer and
they arranged to go to housekeeping here,

The body of the longshoreman thought at
first to be that of Charles Schumacher was
identified in Hoffman's Morgue,Hoboken, ye--
terday as that of Fred Eriters, a fireman from
the Saale.

Coroner Hoffman said late last night that the
North German lioyd Company had gua praved
him to bury all the dead bodies that were
found, _ He said he would come to Bellevue to-
day and claim the bodies at the Morgue here.
He will bury them tn Hoboken.

 

ESTIMATE OF THE LOSS OF LIFF.

Men of the Crews Not Accounted For
~—36 Others Inquired For as Missing.

That 120 men are not accounted for of the
crews of the Suale, the Main and the Bremen {s
the result of the efforta made yesterday by the
authorities of the North German Lloyd here to
muster the crews. Itis only an approximate
result. Howmany longshoremen and visitors
to the vessels are missing it remains for the
future to disclose. Of the fifty persons
inquired for of the Hoboken polic® as missing
sixteen were members of the crews and thirty-
six were not.

Agent Schwab does not believe thatanywhere
near fifty longshoremen were lost. He tabu-
lates his figures this way:

Crew of Saale
Crew of the Bremen.....

 

255
204

 

A

 

KNABA, P., laborer, 651 Tonne avenue, Jersey City |
Heights

KOLBE, CHARLES, Cambridge avenue, Jersey City
yon" AGER, RICHARD, 217 Tenth avenue, New

one,

KREGER,
Hoboken.

KRESSLAR, FRED, laborer,
Jersey City.

LEEDWICKSON, CHRISTOPHER,
206 Grand street, Hoboken.

MOLLER, Jon, laborer, 358 Fifth street, to»
boken.

OLDS, Capt. C., of the grain boat Columbla

PATTERSON, Copt. Jolin, of the rain boat Dizon,

Perens, CHARLES, Park ave ve and Lerry street,
Hoboken.

VETERSON, JOSFPH, of the lighter Gold Dust

SCHIRSEL, GFORGE, 127 Adams street, Hoboken.

SCHMIDT, GFRORGH, labourer, 4380 Worl, evenue
Hoboken.

SPDORF. AUGUST, 362 Newark avenur. Hoboken.
b BELLMAN, LOUIS, laborer, 45 Willow Terrace, Ho-

oken.

STEVENS, ANNIE, canal boat Montgomery, New
York city.
eee JACOB, laborer, 122 Movroe strevt, Ho-

en

TINKEN, HERMAN, 405 First avenue, Hoboken.

WEHLAN, JOHN, 221 Jackson avenue, Hoboien.

WELDERT, CHRISTOPHER, laborer, 155 Fatt
street, Hoboken.

One man on the barge Leonard reported as missivcg
by the captain, H. Austin

MEMBERS OF THY CREWS.

BRUNNER, CHARLES, upholsterer for North Ger
man Lioyd Line, 506 Lewis street, Hoboken.

DECKER, FRANK, painter, 530 East Sixth streat,
New York elty,

ELBERT, ANNA, head stewardess on the Saale,
529 Third avenue, New York.

HANGEWACHER, GEORGE, cook on the Bremen.

HARLOFF, JACOB; painter, 157 Second avenue,
Hoboken.

HOCKBOR, WILLIAM, sailor on the Saale.

KREUTNER, EMIL, fireman on the Saale.

LEBONG, ~~, painter, Saale, 504 East Twelfth
street, New York.

OFLLEOKING, ADOLPH, sailor of the Saale, 669
Fast 137th street, New York city,

PUNDT, HERMAN, steward on Bremen.

RICHTER, OSCAR sallor on the Main,

RICHTER, PAUL, painter on the Saale, 318 East
Ninetieth street, New York city.

ROLES, DHKIDRICH, fitst boatswain of the Main.

‘TELLERMAN, JOSEPH, Sailor on Saale.

WALRABE, JOHN, carpenter on the Saale.

WEBER, Oro, pantryman on the Main, 278 Fifth
avenue, Brooklyn.,

one

HANS, laborer, 222 Park avenue, |

129 GriMth avenue. |

longshoreman

 

 

 

Names of 33 More in Hospital.

In addition to the list of survivors published
in THE SUN yesterday the following were saved
and were taken to hospitals in Hoboken and this
city:

AHLBOM, ADOLPH, chief officer of the Bremen;
Jeracy City Hospital

ANKER, P., sailor on the Main.

DANAF, WILLIAM, fireman on the Staale; Hudson
street hospital

DON DLINGER, M., fireman on Saale, Hotel Hud-
son, Hoboken.

ELM, EDNA, 211 North street, Brooklyn,

ELM, RUDOLPH, 211 North street, Brooklyn.

ELM, Mrs. ROBERT, 211 North street, Brooklyn.

GANTIZ, D., steward on the Saale.

GUARDINO, AURELIO, longshoreman, 115 Eliza.
beth street, New York; Hudson street hospital.

HANSEN, PETER, laborer. 25 Ogden place, Jersey
City) Hudson street hospital.

HEINEMANN, A., cleaner on the Saale.

HEFNER, W., second butcher on the Saale.

HINDORP, A., coal passer on the Kalser Wilhelm

HOCKFELD, JULIUS, fireman on the Matin

LAUBRWALD, M_ cleaner on the Kaiser Wiibelm.

JUSTHE, T., fireman on Saale, Hotel Hudson, Ho-
boken,

LEITHNER, H., sailor on the Main.

MEFIZLAHN, E., oiler on the Main,

MIPMSCH, P., coal passer on the Katser Wilbelm.

NEUBAUER, E., coal passeron Bremen. St Mary's
Hospital. Hoboken,

NEUTZSCH, ALBERT, steward on Bremen. Hotel
Hudson, Hoboken.

PREEHSNER, E., sailor on the Saale,

PRISER, HERMAN, painter, 412 Newark street,
Hudson street hospital.

RUMBLE, L., freman on the Saale, Hotel Hudson
Hoboken

SCAFFANI, JOSEPH, laborer, 201 Elizabeth street
Hudson street hospital.

SCHIFR, H., steward on the Main.

SCHNITH, O., second boatswain on the Matin,

SCHWARTZ, T., fireman gn the Saale.
STEUMAN, J, sailor on the

Main.
TEUBNEN, A,, cleaner on the Kaiser Wilhelm.
StWONKERR, HANS, fireman on Saale, Hudsoo

& rect hospital
WREDE, HEINRICH, Steward on the Maio
ZIMMER, P., sailor on the Main.

Bodies So Far Recovered,

BOLGHMANN, CHRISTIAN, sallor of the Main;
Speer's morgue, Jer.ey City

CORDES, MRS. PHILOMENA, stewardess of the
Saale; Hoffman's morgue, Hoboken.

ERLTERS, FREDERICK, flreman from the Saale;
Holiman'’s morgue, Hoboken

KARDBL, HENRY F., longshoreman; O'Donnell'’s
morgue, Hoboken.

One unidentified body at Speer's Morgue, Jersey
City, Total, 17.

toeive unidentified bodies from the Saale at the
Morgue this clty, one of them undoubtedly that of
Capt Mirow.

REPORTED TO BE LOST.

engineer Pierce and the mate of the lighter Texas,
owned by the Manhattan Lighterage Company and
burned and beacied at Sou Brooglya
ganpret ane child on @ al barge lying next to

Ale.

Aman, woman and child on a Gildersleeve grain

| boat, which lay at Plier 5, are supposed have been

Crew of the Main 137

BOMBA is sevtkrin 02:40000000 00000000 re. cep entoeereee
Now {tn hospital, approximately........ rer 100
On the Kaiser Wilhelm... 0.0... cere 40

Found alive in Hoboken hotels and boarding

 

 

houses. .... pte eeeeeerereees Poveeeeeee oseesss B30
Deserted, coal passers... 6
476

Not accounted for 096008 e000 000s0eseneseenene se SRO
Of the crew of the Saale Mr. Schwab said there

had been found in hotels and boarding houses
in Hoboken 27 persons who were in the deck de-

partment, 58 of the steward's department and |

42 of the engineering department, a (otal of 127.
Of the crew of the Bremen there had been
similarly found 26 of the deck department, 60
of the steward's department and 41 of the en-
gineering department, a total of 127, Of the
crew of the Main there had been found in Ho-
boken 26 of the deck department, 19 of the
steward’s department and 81 of the engineer-
ing department, a total of 76,

Mr. Schwab said that he could not give last
night a list of those supposed to be dead, and
that he did not know when it could be an-
nounced, He said that the nameson the rosters
of the three steamships were all written in Ger-
man script and that {t would be quite a labor to
go over them, comparing the names on the sur-
vivors’ lists with those on the rosters. He said
thatinthe numbers relating to the deck de-
partments of the steamships he meant to in-
clude the captain and other deck officers.

“We are going to be very careful,” said Mr
Schwab, ‘‘as we do not intend to place a man's
name on the dead Jist when he may be alive.
Neither do we intend to place other names on
the survivors’ list unless we know positively
that the men are alive. The list of survivors
we now have will be put togeth-r as soon as
possible and wiil be cabled to Germany; for
many of the men have relatives there. It is
possible that the list will be ready to-morrow,
but I cannot say for certain.

“Capt. Mirow, who is dead, had been with the
company twenty yeare, and was an excellent
man. I made several trips with him and knew
him well. He was married and had a wife and
child in Germany.”

The North German Lloyd Company opened
an office at 220 River street in Hoboken yester-
day, and all afternoon it was crowded with men
who had escaped from the burned steamships
or persons who were looking for friends. Many
of the sailors were without funds, and a repre-
sentative of the company gave to these suffi-
cient money to buy them pomething to eat.
Lach sailor who reported at the offlee was

| asked to sign his name, and those who were in
' peed were sent to places where they would be
lodgea for the present at the company's ex-
pense,
50 INQUIRED FOR AB MISSING.
Inquiries were made at police headquarters,

Hoboken, and Coroner Hoffman's morgue yes-
terday tor the following persons as missing
{From this list are e'iminated the names of per-
sons inquired for who were afterward found |,
NOT MEMBERS OF THE CREWS.
ARNDTS, WILLIAM, laborer, Jersey City Heights.

|

lost.

 

MELVILLE HELPED.

Was on Board a Tug That Went to the Rescue
of the Saale.

ADMIRAL

PHILADELPHIA, July 1.--Rear Admiral George
W. Melville, U. 8S. N., who is now in this city,
was one man who tried to save those aboard
the Saale. The Admiral had been in Brooklyn
looking after the engine building and the re-
pairs on the various ships in the navy yard.
In the afternoon he visited the Gas Engine and
Power Company at Morris Heights, whére some
torpedo boats are in course of construction.
After being condueted through the works by
Capt. Seabury the Admiral and the Captain
went on board the tug Vancoit, which had car-
ried the party from the navy yard.

“The tug pushed out into the river and the
way to the ferry,” said Admiral Melville. “We
had not gone very far before we observed im-
mense fires to the eastward of us. As we ap-
proached the wharves of the Hamburg Steam-
ship company, Capt. Seabury instructed the
captain of the tug to proceed to the largest
vessel on fire. We rounded the stern of the
Saale, bringing up on the weather side to avoid
the fire as much as we could, although great
masses of flames were bursting from her side.
The tugs were pouring water into her as rapidly
as the steam fire apparatus could force it. The
skeletons of the metailie life boats on either
side were still in place, The woodwork hav-
ing been entirely burned out. These, of course,
were on the skids above the spar deck, Be
tween the upper deck and the next lower deck
was a seething mase of flaines, while below this
the boat's deck was a# fiery furnace.

“We saw humerous persons velween the
burning decks above and also between the bulk-
heads of the lower decks trying to get through
the miserable little ports or dead lights, not
more than eight or nine inches in diameter,
Pretty well alt there was a woman with her
bare arm thrust through the dead light, her face
pressed tightly against her arm. She was
an elderly woman, her @ray hair parted tn

' the middle and combed down tightly over her

LENK, JOHN, laborer, 2.0 Grand street, Hoboken. |

BROWNLER, WILLIAM, laborer, Second and Adams
streets, Lioboken.
BUSHARDT, AVARA
Street, Hoboken
CALANZARO CARLO laborer, 103 Mulberry street,
HENRY,

New York.
504 Bloomfeld
Street, Hoboken.

COMN

GAHRKE, CARL, 160 Leroy street, New York.

GEKMAN, HENRY longshoreman, 251 Central
avenue, Jersey City.

GFPRNFR, FREDERICK,
Hobo en

HENRICHS, HENRY, 182 Manhattan avenue, Jer
sey City Helghts

HINIMAN,

HOLZ, FUNEST, longshoreman, 327 Was
Street, Hoboken.

Hovr, WILLIAM, laborer, 324 River street, Ho-
boken.

laborer, 109 Fourteenth

longshoreman,
Park avenue,

laborer,

gton

~ laborer, 254 sinte aiseph sereey City. |
bin

|

hULTZ, FRITZ, laborer 308 Clinton street Ho- !

en.
JENZER, FRED, laborer, 204 River street, Ho-
boken. :

eee dl See Cr)

|
i

er re es

head, This, together with the horor-struck
look on her face gave hera most pitiable ap-
vwarance. She cried to us in German to save
ver, We pushed the tug directly alongside
the ship, holding the bows close to the side
of the Bier, and turning the propeller slowly
to keep her in place immediately cried to
the captain: ‘Turn the hose on that woman's
head and keep her cool!” The hose was turned
on her and in the meantime, juet forward of
where this woman was, the fire was raging
apparently between two. athwartship bulk-
heads. Just forward of this seething furnace
aman had thrust his head and arm througis
another of the air ports, The tug to left of us
had a stream already playing on his head. He
began to strip himself of bis clothing, and at
times the nozzle of the hose was put through
the port and water was poured down his back
to keep him cool, Lyery once in a while the
man and woman apparently fell back from
heir positions of satety togive someone else
a chance to get a share of the cooling effect of
the water, |

"Below us were two German officers with |
a boat's erew and hammers and
cutting away one of the cargo ports on the
port side, After more than half an hour's
work they managed to cut the portopon, They
found that it oaly opened into a coal bunker.
The flap of the cargo port was raised up, but
nobody ventured inside of the vessel to find
the opening between the cargo port and pas-
senger space where the iran was. clingtos
Shortly afterward the ian fell back from heat
and exhaustion

‘LT then urged that one or two of the heavier
tuys back off and ram the ship's side with all
force and try to break in the [ron plating, which
was nearly half an ineh thick. The captains
of the tugs demurred at this, however, fearing
that their boats might be injured and that
nothing could be accomplished. tn the mean-
line nearly all the passeogers at the air ports
seerned to have succumbed to th» ueat. It
was anawfulsiaht. Phe big oeenn liver, whieh
had been cast adrift from her coeorings when
the fire st rted, had floated far down streg
and was just abreast of Governors 1
Great flashes of paint, nearly ¢ wd scuus
fell in blazing maraes nto the . those
on Board the tueboats were scorched, but atl

cold chisels

 

Water.

 

were working like beavers and seened uoert

Yocouscious of the terrible ies The noost
eruel part of if ail seeraed io be that bed wie
pert heles been few inches wider ever ere
son would have excaped. Tt is a eory '

practice ii the eagineering | rofession to mate
what is Known ‘manholes’ aod manh
piates,” 1X13 inches, in the shape of ovals
through which a man of 200 pounds ean readi!y
pass. ‘The ports of this fatal ship, which are
ooly 8 or 10 jaehes in diameter, are an abomina-
tion

 

  

Fire Excitement Caused His Death.
Dr. Theodore Schindeler, 60 years, fell dead |
in his home, 316 Hudson street, Hoboken, yester- |
day, from heart failure. His home was located |
close t) the North German Lloyd steamship
piers, Tt is beLeved that the excitement caused
by the fire on the piers was responsibie for his
eath,

  

bind Ce selina thee ath hol eee oe

Fresh as when

put them in

the baker

is the way the

“Tn-er-seal Patent

Package’’ brings your biscuit, crackers

and wafers to you. Air tight Ss
and proof against moisture, (=y

dust, odors and germs, this

package preserv
goodness, freshnes

es the
s and

crispness of its con-

of baking
“In-er-sea
When you
Milk Bisc

tents all the way
from the baker

None but the best
is contained in the
1 Patent Package.”
1 order Soda Biscuit,
uit, Butter Crackers,

Saltines, Banquet Wafers, Sul-

tana Fruit

, Sea Foam, Graham

Biscuit, Oatmeal Biscuit, Ginger

Snaps,
ettes, Va
grocery
contain
Paten

Handmade _ Pretzel-
nilla Wafers, tell your
ou want those that are
ed in the “In-er-seal
t Package,” with the

trade mark design on the

ends

. Used exclusively by

WATIOWAL BISCUIT COMPAKY

 

SALVAGE!

SALVAGE!
Reported Demand for $50,000 Upon the Big
Katser—Every Little Tug Bones In.

Tt is probable that the claims for salvage
that will be put in probably by nearly every
tugboat owner in the harbor will amount to
more than double the value of the ships therm-
selves Fvery little propeller with hardly
enough force in her pumps to extinguish «a
bonfire did some sort of work or made a blulf
at doing it, either at the piers of the North
Gerinan Lloyd Line, or in the neighborhood
of the burning ships. It is said that tugboats
moored niles up the North River. down the
bay, and up the East River flocked toward
the great blaze. Some of these harbor craft
could hardly make four knots, and more thar
a score of them were unable te send a stream
as high as the upper deck of any of the de-
stroyed liners. But they sparred around the
ships for an opening between the larger and
properly equipped flre-flghting tugs. and nosed
in whenever they found one, Then they turned
on their tiny streanis, The skippers and crews
of the larger tug made much game of the little
fellows, and there was a good deal of sharp
river men's dialogue between thern

One of the captains of the little tugs when
asked how much he was woing to charge for
putting out the fires said, “Well, | guess T wont
charge anything. I think that is @ good tnatter
for the courts to decide.” A tue of the better
class that was net doing very heavy work
alongside the steamship Bremen was hatled by
areporter who wanted to use her, He told the
theskipper that his tug would be worth $% an
hour for newspaper work, The skipper, who
appears to have been a much Wiser man than
many of his fellow rivermen, after haggling os
tue boatmen do, said he would give up his
chance of salvage for sure employment at $!0 an
hour, even for the space of two hours, and the
reporter took the tug

A report that the tugboats that moved the
Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse from her pier had
demanded $50,000 for their services betore they
would move, and that a compromise wus ef-
fected for $40,000, Was not corroborated last

night by the officers of the Kaiser Wilhelm |
second Omtieer Wendig: said that ;

der Grosse
there had been a good deal of trouble in ger-
ting tugboats to move the vessel when the
alarm of fire Was first given. For some reason
the tugs held off until the crew of ihe Kaiser
Wilhelm had unfastened the vessel fron
dock and had started her moving away from
the pier He said that he did not know how
much money it was ugreed to pey to the tug

boats that finally got the job, but that it was
not a8 mueh as $40,000

Officer Wendlg said that the Bremen was
cast off and ready to move before the Kaiser
Wilhelm der Girocee, and that If the tugs }
gone to her aid at the first call <he gave fo
help, she would not have been damaded nearly

mn

as badly as she was
ENDFAVORERS HALT IN CHICAGO.

 

About One Hundred and Fifty Who Were to
Sail on the Saale Walt for Orders.

Cnicaco, July i.-One hundred and. fifty
delegates, many of them from = the Pacifie
States and all from the West, on their way
to the World's Conference of the Young

People's Society of Christian Endeavor in Lon-
don, halted in Chicago to-day by the
hews of the destruction of the Saale in vester-

were

 

      

day's fire at Hoboken. They were to hav
gone Bast on a special train at one minute
alter midniglt te-night, but at a meeting this
afternoon the trip was upendoned, The moet-

 

ing at which this decision was reached bad
peen called to give the inemners of the Chleues

societies an opportunity to meet the Weetern
pilgrime and give them a God speed. tnatead
1 was transformed into a praver meeting and

an inforinal discussion of the pews fron New

York and the prospects of continuing the jour-
ney.
A telegram was received from H. N, La-

throp, the agent the Endeaverers had sent to
New York to make orrangements for the ocean
trip it said

“Cancel Chicuge- Boston tra
Have arranged berths on ot

Saale burned
rsh a little

 

  

 

later. Kvery passenger will get there
‘ “HON. LATHROP
Lhe indefinitenesse of this despateh, which

does not say how soon the delegates will start
er how they will arrive in London, has cinsed
many of the delegates to despair of ever at-
tending the conference, Several said t} ar
rangements made had provided fer every
eout of the expense of the trip and that many
of the delegates would not have evtra mones
Wherewith fo meet the expense of 9 over
in Coicago or New York

 

Mayor May Stort Fand for Fire Sufferers,

Mrs. C. B Alexande> notifled the Mayor yes-
terday that he cou'd draw. on her to tha
amount of $100 for ihe benefit of the fire vic-
tims. The Mayor is thinking of starting a fund
and ali subscriptions should be sent to him.

 

the |

lili a eat rr

VISITORS ESCAPE FROM BREMRN,

| Stevens College Boy and Western Professor
Were Looking at Her Engines.
| Among the visitors on the Bremen when the
| fire started were Arthur Woll, a student of
| Stevens Instit t+’, class of 1901, and Proi. C, kb,
Burgoon of the Agricultural and Mechanical
Coltove of College City, Tex. They were in the
engine room as the guestsof Second Officer
Raab, examining the maehnery. Cinders and
burning bits of cotton began to come down the
Von lating shaft
| ‘The porty made for the deck, followed by six
; machinists and assi tant engineers vit
| es aped by sliding down a rope to a egtion
lighter, from which he wa. taken on board the
| Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse on a
rope jadder just as thit ship was being towed
outof the tin. Prof. Burgoon and the other
} men remained aboard the Bremen, from which
they were taken through a coal port. by the
crowoftatusboat, after the Bremen had got
} Outinto midstream
Wolf said last nicht that one of the Bremen’s
lifeboats, contoining six sailors and several
women, Woe lowered as he sid down the rope,
The bow of the life boat caught on the lighter
fandthe boat was upset. Wolf dd not know
| what became of the women and the sailors,
Some Came

|

Philadelphia and Trenton,

| All the railroads on the Jersey side did a hok
|

  

 

FIRE DRAWS A BIG CROWD.

From Albany and Some From

iday business from early morning yesterday.
disuster had incited
the evrious from as (‘ar away as Phil
adel pbia on one side and Albany on the
other. An early morning contingent of fifty
Philadelph ans came uy on the Pennsylvania
Railroad Trenton eontributed a delegation
and ewark and the nearby towns sent their
thou undsto Hoboken. A party of Albantans
caine down by the West Shove Railroad and
i ined the crowd of sightseers just below Wee-
| bawken, where the Bremen and the Main sent
uncolumns of smoke as an acvertisement of
where the sights wort) seeing were In the
‘eveniig the local trains were crowded with
homebound excursionists

News of the great

SAILOR DIES IN JERSEY CITY.

| Condition of Four Others Critical -Bremen
\ Survivors Doing Well.

Christian Bolghman, asallor from the Main,
did vesterday morning in Christ Hospital,
, Jersey City. The other vieti os at Christ Hospl-

tal Dennis King, G orge Shuette and Frnest
Verner-are in a critical eo. ditton, and very
littl: hope is entert.ined for their recovery

Both inhaled flame and smoke,

    

 

At the City Hos: ital in Jersey City Adolph
Abiborn, ehief offle rof the Bremen; Gustave
Preavi-b, one of the stewards, and Rudoiph

1 Von Elm, his wife Lena and their daughter
de ure al doing well, and their chances of
| reeoy are ho rly improving, Besides being
| burned about the face, i ands and arms, Chief
OMleer Ahiborn'’s shoul er was dislocated
when he jumped from the steamer to a barge
00D WORK Bi PHUNICIA'S CREW,

An Officer of That Ship Says They Rescued
Seventy-four Ven,

   

One of the offeers of the ilamburg lin gr
Phesnicin said last night that the crew of that
ves elhad put six boat hen the fire was at
its bel bt ond lo rescued seventv-four men
These were taken on bo rdtce Phoenicia and
wer ided by a pliysictun attue red to the
ahi lav thev were nt »Various hotels
inf! \  sivof thos ow owereiojuredthe

orst Ww went too St, Marv’s Huspital, Two
of the men were said to be latally injured,

A Bire Captain Burned,

{ Assistant Coie! Dunn the Hoboken Fire
Department id vest rday that Capt. Zimmer-
man of Engine 5 w badiy turned in try-
ing tosave the lor ut whieh fell in the

Water from the pier on Saturday
"4

HURRY!
Take time to see that
the label bears the
signature in biue_

| Pe“

4

| {§ Then you are
| sure you have
| the real

me B
YANYYS; EXT
(aiey 81-1 4d

 

a

mene

Pay