ee

SS oe een

 

|

—$—<——

 

——

HILL HURRIES TO LINCOLN.

HUE GOES TO SEE BRYAN ON BRYAN'S
WRITTEN INVITATION.

 

‘The ‘Peerless Leader’ Desires to Be laformed

 

'

as to the Actaal Situation of the Party in !

the Nation—A Combination of Leaders Are
Trying to Influence Bryan to Leave Out of
the Platform a Specific Declaration for
Free Sitver at 26 to 1, and Hill Harries to
Lincola After a Consaltation With Them
~The Present Pian Is to Nominate Bryan
om Wednesday Before the Platform Is Pre-
sented and to Invite Him to Address the
Convention Friday—Croker Interviewed,

Kaneas City, Mo., July 1.—The hurried de-
parture of the Hon. David B. Hill of New York
for Iineoln this morning was the spectacular
political event of the day. Senator Hill ar-
rived at 7 o'clock in che morning and he was
quickly in communication with Chairman
James K. Jones of the Democratic National
Committee. That conference lasted und
pearly 10 o'clock, and then Mr, Hill {umped
into @ carriage and caught the 10:30 train to
Lincoln. He |e not expected to rewurn to this
city before to-morrow night. Mr. Hill had
not been out of town fifteen minutes before it
was made known that a week ago he received
a letter at Albany from W. J. Bryan inviting
him to Lincoln for a conference as to the antual
situation of the Democratio party in the na-
tion. It has been etill further made known
aince Mr. Hill'a departure to-day for Lincoln
that the Hon. Richard Croker, the Aon. Ed-
ward Murphy, Jr., Hugh McLaughlin and all
others infinentia) in the Democratio politics
of the Empire State have been fully informed
that Mr. Hill received that letter from Mr.
Bryan. In some foggy way, though, it has
been printed that Mr. Croker received the ine
vitation from Mr. Bryan. This information
was peddied out to the Fastern newspapers
through the political dribble of the Hon. Wile
Ham Sulzer. Mr. Croker didn't tell Mr. Sulzer
at the time that {t was Mr. Hill who received
the invitation to visit Lincoln. He was merely
content to have the report printed, as it was
known that at the present time the real facts
would como out.

Moreover, it can be authoritatively announced
that Chairman Jones of the Democratio Na-
tional Comuiittee, the Hon. James Guffey,
Democratic National Committeeman for Penn-
sylvania, the Hon. A. P. Gorman of Maryland,
ex-Gov. W. J. Stone of Missouri, ex-Gov. J. P.
Altgeld of Illinois and a dozen others have se-
cretly known for a week that Col. Bryan was to
invite Mr. Hill to come to Linooln. To put it
rightdown sinack in one sentence allof these men
named have been in a combination for a num-
ber of months to put the platform “up to Bryan.”
Senator Gorman is not here, but he is represented
by L. Vietor Baughman, his proxy on the Demo-
cratic National Committee. It turns out after
talking with a number of the Democrats named
that for a year past it has been told to Mr. Bryan
that aspecific declaration {n favor of free silver
coinage at the ratio of 16 to 1 in the platform to
be adopted by this convention meant political
destruction to the Democratic party in the na-
tion, just as it did In 1896. This combination
has seen to it that the State platforms of the last
few months have merely reaffirmed the Chicago
platform, without a specific declaration in favor
of free silver at 16 to 1. Col. Bryan in all his
talks with Jones and Stone and Altgeld has de-
clared that he would insist upon the 16 to 1
declaration being put in the platform, just as
it was in the platform at Chicago four years ago.
He has persistenuy refused to listen to the ad-
vice of these three men who were very close to
him in 1606 and he has insisted all the way
through that the Democrats who voted for
Palmer and Buckner in 1806 were so infinitely
small in numbers that the 6,500,000 Democrats
who voted for him should not be put to shame
because the Democrats favorable to Palmer and
Buckner in that campaign insisted upon drop-
ping out a specific declaration for 16 to |.

Replying to this argument of Col, Bryan
Jones and Altgeld and Stone and their friends
have told him that the Palmer and Buckner
vote in 1896 did not by any means represent
the defection from the Democratic party, and,
furthermore, they have gone on to tell Bryan
that thousands upon thousands of Democrats
went right over to the Republican party and
voted for McKinley. It can also be announced
that Mr. Bryan's advisers within the last
year have told him that if he persisted in a
specific declaration for 16 to 1 he could
not hope to carry a single State north of the
Mason and Dixon line and east of the Mirsis-
sippi River. They have also told him that the
American people were for expansion, and that
the Pacifico coast was boiling with enthusiasm
for expansion. Bryan on the expansion ques-
tion has been first on one foot and then on the
other, but that question has not cut any ice
here to-day. The great developments have
been that all of the men mentioned have se-
cretly determined for many months that they
would attempt to influence Bryan out of a
specific declaration for silver at 16 to 1, and
that, if he refused to heed their advice, then
the responsibility for the certain defeat of
the Democratic party next November would
rest upon his shoulders and upon his shoulders
alone.

Up to this hour Mr. Bryan has not been moved
from his determination that the 16 to 1 clause
must go into the platform. Mr. Bryan abso-
intely controls the machinery of the Demo-
oratio National Convention. He controls ab-
aolutely the Democratic National Committee.
If he says the 16 to 1 clause must be put into the
platform his orders will be obeyed. It is the
mission of Mr. Hill to labor with Mr. Bryan
not to do so. In other words, Mr. Hill has
been put forward at this time as the spokes-
man of Chairman Jones, Gov. Stone, Ex-Gov-
ernor Altgeld and the Democratic leaders, not in-
cluding the Hon. George Fred Williams of
Dedham. Some Democrats here say to-day
that it is almost a humiliation for Mr. Hill tb
visit Mr. Bryan at his home in Lincoln. Other
Democrats do not so regard the visit. They
point out that after Mr. Bryan’s nomination

in Chicago four years ago Mr. and Mrs. Bryan |
were the guests of Mr. Hill at his home at Wol- |

fert’s Roost in Albany.
ill did not lift bis finger during that cam-
paign toward the election of Mr. Bryan. He
said at the time, and he has reiterated it many
times, that he cared nothing whatever for
the specific declaration in favor of 16 to 1 in
the Chicago platform of four years ago, but
that it was the income tax clause which stuck
in his crop. He has always insisted that his
indifference as to the election of the Demo-
eratic national ticket four vears ago was be-
cause of the Chicago platform's attitude on
the income tax and also because of its attack
on the Supreme Court of the United States
Mr. Bryan and Mr. Hill bave not met since
that memorable visit to Woolfert’s Roost four
years ago. Mr. Hill, however, during al) the

{t is true that Mr. |

four years has been in constant communica- |

tion with Mr. Bryan's friends. It will be re-
membered that two years ago Mr. Hil! received
a letter from Chairman Jones of the Demo-
cratic National Committee, in which Mr. Jones
said that it was not absolutely necessary for
the Democrats of New York State to say any-
thing about the Chicago platform. Mr. Hill
has had very few communications, it should
be said, with ex-Gov. Stone of Missouri. But
to offset that he has been in close touch with
ex-Gov. Altgeld of Tilinois, the man who dis-
covered Bryan in 1894 and who groomed him
for the Presidential nomination in 1896. Last
fall ex-Gov. Altgeld made his speech to the
hieago Platform Democrats of Albany. Mr.
Hill did not attend the dinner, but Mr. Altgeld
waited over the next dav and took a long drive
with Mr. Hill. Mr. Hill then reiterated to Mr.
Altgeld that he saw no hope for the Demo-
cratic party so long as Bryanstuck to a specific
declaration for free silver at 16 to!

There are many curious features which came
to Nght through to-day’s events. Last fall
Senator Gorman of Maryland would not per-
mit any mention of the Chicago platform at
all fm the Seate platform of his Stave, and Amith,
Qorman’s candidate for Governor of Mary-

ee ea eee Ee os
ane er tet So re we se
mm ~~ . F

me

  
  

 

 

land, was elected. It is true that the Republi-
can party of Maryland was torn by factional
disputes between Senator Wellington and Sena-
tor McComas, but immediately alter Gorman
elected his candidate for Governor, he came
out flatfooted for Bryan Mr.
been asked a number of times to explain how
it was that he refused all mention of Bryan's
name or of the Chicago platform in his State
fight and then came out for Bryan as the Demo-
crat who could be elected President. Mr.
Gorman has always replied; “I have nothing
to say,” and he has winked the other eye. Mr.
Croker has changed his views as to Bryan and
the 16 to 1 issue several times during the last
few years. But his latest utterances have
all been of a specific and determined charac-
ter. They have been for Bryan and free silver
at 16to1. There is a good deal of gossip here
to-day as to why Mr. Croker has been 80 spe-
cific of late in hia utterances. Tt comes out that
there is a great feud between two metropoli-
tan newspapers, one of which has been for
Bryan and free silver at 16 to 1 every hour of
the day since 1896 and the other of which has
been lukewarm. Tho representatives of these
two different newspapers have besieged Bryan
at, Lincoln for the last two weeks, and from
the hour that the situation began to develop
here, the representatives of these two news-
Papers have pestered ex-Gov. Stone, Chair-
man Jones and the other Democratic leaders
The representatives of the newspaper which
has always been friendly and loyal to Bryan
have begged him and implored his friends
to stand by the Chicago platform, in every line
and syllable, and not to be swerved one iota
from the “ truths of sound Democracy.” The
representatives of the other newspaper, which
looked askance at Bryan and the Chicago plat-
form in 1896, have pleaded with Mr. Bryan and
with Mr. Bryan's friends not to insist upon 4
specific declaration in favor of free silver at
@ ratio of 16 to 1, but “give us, for heaven's
eake, and give our proprietor an opportunity
a support the Democratic national ticket this
all.”

Mr. Croker has not been very well treated
by the newspaper whose proprietor and whose
representatives have been pleading with Bryan
and his friends to strikeout that specific dec-
laration in favor of silver at 16to1. Itshould
not be understood that Mr. Croker would carry
his personal feelings against the proprietor
of the latter newspaper to the extent of forget-
ting or neglecting his Democratic principles;
but, nevertheless, he is a good fighter and he
has a great reputation of sticking to his friends.
In 1806 he was in Europe. He did not attend
the Chicago Convention which nominated
Bryan. But after Bryan was nominated on
the Chicago platform he cabled to John ¢.
Sheehan, the temporary leader of Tammany
Hall, to stand by Bryam and the Chicago plat-
form from start to finish. In that way Mr.
Croker maintained “the regularity of his organi-
vation.” Since Mr. Croker’s arrival this last
time he has declared that no matter what the
platform was and no matter what the ticket
was, Tammany Hall would support it.

Mr. Croker, along with Mr. Murphy, Dr.
Cosby of the New York Health Board and James
W. Boyle, arrived here this morning at the same
time that Mr. Hill was rolled into town. They
came by different routes, though, Mr. Hill
coming over the New York Central and Mr.
Croker over the Pennsylvania. Immediately
after Mr. Hil! had bis interview with Chairman
Jones and had been bustled into a carriage to
take him to the train for Lincoln, Mr. Croker and
Mr. Murphy had a long talk with Chairman
Jones. Each declined to say anything about
the interview. There are many leaks, though,
from a conference of this character, and it may
be stated positively that Messrs. Jones, Croker
and Murphy all agree that Mr. Bryan shoud
be content with a reaffirmation of the Chicazo
platform of 1896 without a specific declaration
in favor of free silver at 16 to 1.

“are you a candidate for Democratic Na-
tional Committeeman for New York State?” Mr.
Croker was asked.

“I am not, my dear boy,”
chieftain replied.

“Whom do you favor, Mr. Croker?”

“Well, Mr. Murphy says that he does not care
to take the place,” responded Mr. Croker,
“and I believe that the New York delegation
will elect our sprightly young friend, Norman E.
Mack of Erie county. Mack's a good fellow
and a good Democrat, and is worthy of the
distinction.”

“What sort of a platform do you tavor, Mr.
Croker?”

“We must await developments,” rejoined
Mr. Croker. “I have nothing to say on that
subject now, but Tammany will be loyal to
the ticket and to the platform, you may rest
assured.”

“Are you to be New York's mernber of the
Committee on Resolutions, Mr. Croker?"

“J do not know,” responded the leader of
Tarumany Hall, who for the last sixteen years
has guided the destinies of the organization
which is as old as the Government itself.

“Whom do you favor for that important
place?” Mr, Croker was asked

“We have not decided on that matter yet
and willnot until Tuesday, when the New York
delegation is to meet.”

“Has Tammany any preference for a Vice-
Presidential candidate?”

“No,” calmly replied Mr. Croker, “none what-
ever. We have a number of good men in the
State, but nothing will be decided until the
New York delegation meets.”

Senator Murphy continued to maintain
sphinxlike silence as to his personal attitude
as to candidate or platform. The New York
delegation {s controlled, it is asserted, by Croker,
Murphy, McLaughlin and Mack , and the recent
attitude of these four in combination has been
{n opposition to Mr. Hill on little matters con-
nected with the organization in the State.
Mr. Mack is one of the closest friends of Mr.
Bryan Three weeks ago he had @ !ong talk
with Mr. Bryan at his home (p Lincoln, He
said to-day:

“I do not believe that Mr. Hill or anybody
can swerve Mr. Bryan from insisting upon
a specific declaration in favor of free silver
atl6to1.”

The Hon. Frank Campbell and the Hon.
Elliott Danforth, chairman of the Demo-
cratic State Committée of New York and chair-
man of the Executive Committee, respect-
ively, have been hustling about all day long,
telling everybody that the New York State
delegation would insist upon a modification of
the platform and that it had no candidate up to
this hour to present for Vioe President

The Hon. James N. Guffey of Philadelphia
aud ex-Gov. Robert E. Pattison of the Keystone

the Tammany

State arrived to-day. They declared that the |

delegation was for Bryan, and for the reaffirma-
tion of the Chicago platform of 1896, and for
Mr. Hill, if he is a candidate, for Vice President.
Both Mr. Guffey and Mr. Pattison declared that
they did not believe that it was necessary to
declare tor free silver at16to1inthe platform,
beli:ving that a ratification of the Chicago
platform of 1806 covered the ground. The
Pennsylvania delegation is to meet at 8 o'clock
to-morrow night,

Ex-Goy. Stone of Missouri hadalong talk to-
day with Chairman Jones of the National Com-
mittee and with Mr, Croker and ex-Senator
Murphy and Mr. Guffey and ex-Gov. Pattison.
Mr. Stone said:

“The Missouri delegation is to meet on Tues-
day morning. At present we haveno candidate
for Vice President and we do not care to say
anything as to the platform.” Mr, Stone said
that the Democratic National Committee will
meet to-morrow morning, and that there were
three names mentioned for temporary chair-
man of the convention, namely: Mayor D. 8.
Rose of Milwaukee, Gov, Thomas of Colorado
and John J. Lentz of Ohio. A famous Demo-
erat, close to ex-Goy, Stone, said

“The convention will meet on Wednesday
at noon, and will listen to the speech of the
temporary chairman and will appoint the
committees, including the Committee on Per-
Organization, This committee will
get right to work and the convention will
adjourn until evening. On Wednesday even-
ing the Committee on Permanent Organiza-

manent

 

$4. Excursion to Ni a Falls.
West Sfore R. Ri next Tuesday,
Trains 0:10 A. M., 6:20, 6.00 and 9:20 P, M.—Ada

 

Gorman has |

 

|

    

 

tion will be ready to report, and after the speech
of Chairman James D. Richardson of Ten-
nessee there will be a motion to suspend the
rules and to proceed to the nomination of the
eandidate for President. That will be per-
fectly proper and parliamentary, although
it may be a little out of the ordinary at Presi-
dential conventions, because a candidate will
be nominated before the platform has been
adopted. The platform will be adopted on
Thursday, and then the candidate for Vice-
President will be nominated, if the two things
can be done in one day, On Friday, if the
present programme is carried out, Mr. Bryan
will come here from Lincoln to address the
convention, I don't sev any reason why he
shouldn't. Do you? He will have been nom-
inated, and by coming here he will have an
opportunity to make a speech to 15,000 people,
the greater number of whom he will be unable
to reach again during the campaign.”

Such old Bryan warhorses as Stone, Jones,
Altgeld and people of like character are very
strongly opposed to the nomination of Bryan
until the platform has been adopted. They
do not see the necessity for any such spec-
tacular display, they say, and they go on to
add that all know that Bryan is the candidate
of this convention and of the Democratic party,
and that it would be contrary to precedent
to turn things upside down by nominating
Bryan before the platform has been adopted.

A committee representing the Indiana Dem-
ocratic delegation this afternoon called on
Mr. Croker and represented that as New York
went so did Indiana in Presidential elections,
and suggesting that as the delegations from
these two States, if acting in unison, would
have greater weight, it would be wise for both
delegations to act together. The delegation
included Hugh Dougherty of Bluffton, G. V.
Menzies of Mount Vernon and James Murdock
of Lafayette. They told Mr. Croker that only
a platform which would suit New York Dem-
ocrats would go in Indiana, and declared that
in their opinion a reaffirmation of the Chicago
platform was all that should be attempted.
A further conference between Mr. Croker
and the Indiana delegation is to be had. The
Indiana delegates will hold a conference in
the Coates House at noon to-morrow. Before
they left for Kansas City, B. F. Shively told
the delegates-at-large from Indiana that he
was not a candidate for Vice-President and
that his friends should not attempt to advance
his interests in that connection until more
of the delegates from Indiana got here and
considered his position upon this question,
Whether or not Mr. Shively's friends will put
him forth as a candidate for Vice-President,
in spite of bis lack of desire to become a can-
didate will be determined by the delegation
conference to-morrow.

Buck Hinrichsen, the silver statesman from
Lilinois, and National Committeeman Thomas
Gahan got to town to-day and looked the situa-
tion over. By noon they had made up their
minds that the nomination of Mayor Carter
Harrison of Chicago for Vioe-President was
was not only possible but could be brought
about without any difficulty, So they called
the Mayor up on long distance telephone and
told him that the road was open for him to re-
ceive national honors if he would only say the
word, Mayor Harrison prorptly informed
them that he was satisfle! with his present
job and that under no circumstances must
his pame be used. Therefore Mr. Hinrichsen
said that Harrison was out of the rave defi-
nitely and for good, and that Tllinvis would have
no Vice-Presidential candidate, but would
accept any man who showed strength in the
convention. Shively of Indiana and Benton
McMillan of Tennessee are popular among the
Uinois delegates and the Shively boomers hope
to capture the Tlinois delegation on its arrival.
The time that the delegation will get in is one
of the problems of the convention crowd, The
Cook County Marching Club, with tall hats
frock coats and canes, will come on a
special train and will march to the Baltimore.
It is a lone climb and a good many persons
want to watch the sight. Mr. Hinrichsen de-
clared that the [ilinois delegation would stand
by its State platform,in which no mention was
made of the ratio at which silver should be
coined,

Some of Mr. Hill's friends in the New York
delegation say to-night that, unless they are
deterred, they will suggest to the influential
members of the Democratic National Commit-
tee to-morrow a proposition to make ex-Goy,
Hill the temporary chairman of the convention,
It will be remembered that four years ago at
Chicago the New York delegation presented
Mr. Hill's name for this place and that he was
rejected by the convention,

All the Democratic politicians and their
Populistic allies are discussing to-night the
probable outcome of the conversation between
Mr. Bryan and Mr. Hillat Lincoln. It is posi-
tively known that Mr, Hilland all of his personal
friends in the New York State delegation, from
Frank Campbell down, desire what they call “a
modification of the Chicago platform.” Just
what Mr. Bryan will do about this latter is a
great question, but should he op;ose Mr. Hill
it was the opinion to-night that Mr. Hill will
not be New York's member of the Committee
cn Resolutions, and already the New Yorkers
are talking of putting forward ex-Supreme
Justice? Augustus Yau Wyck of Brooklyn for
thia place. In view of recent developments in
New York city connected with the joe trust a
short and snappy interview with Mr. Van Wyck
on bis ideas as to the trust plank in the Demo-
cratic platform would be interesting, but Judge
Van Wyck declares to-night that he has nothing
to say whatever on this subject or on any
other,

Jus'ice Van Wyck has submited two planks
to Mr. Croker, one attacking the McKinley
administration on the foreign policy in dealing
with Cuba, Porto Rico and the Phili pine
Islands, and ‘he other, which in purport says
about the money plank: ‘We reaffirm our be-
lief and give our hearty indorsenent to all
previous financial planks cf the Democratic
nationa! party."’ Mr. Croker seemed to think
that these were two prett’ good planks, al-
thoughhe would not express for publication
any opinion.

 

HILL AT BRYAN'S HOME,

 

The Two Had a Conference, but Mr. Hill

Declined to Say What It Was About,

Lincoun, Neb., July 1.—For days Mr. Bryan
has been in a state of siege. Assault after as-
sault, in person, by telegram and by letter,
have been made upon the position he had taken
at the beginning that silver would not take a
secondary place in the Democratic platform,
but must have equal rank with the other mem-
bers of his chosen trinity—trusts and imperial-
ism. Delegate aitor delegat>, leader a ter
leader, has urged that some concession should
be made to the Gold Democrats, that he con-

| cede something in order that the forces he has

|

fF ren,

already been chosen to lead would be that of &
united Democracy. Throughout all he has
stood firm, never specifically refusing any
compromise, but answering all appeals by
asking for better reasons or a conclusive rea-
son. He has been willing and anxious to hear
every argument that could be brought to bear.
He has asked each of the three New York lead-
ers who have been to see him, “What does New
York want?” None of them could answer him
definitely and decisively. They have referred
to David B. Hill. Then he would see Mr. Hill,
he said. Ele knew he was due at Kansas City
to-day. Hoe sent him an invitation to come
and confer. Mr. Hill accepted.

At 7:20 this evening Mr. Hill arrived in Lin-
coln. Mr. Bryan, several Nebraska delegates
and a dozen newspaper correspondents drove
down to the depot to meet him. As Mr. Hill
from the car step caught sight of Mr. Bryan
his face broke out into an expansive smile.
Tucking his hat under his arm, he approached
Mr. Bryan with both arms outstretched in greet-
ing. Mr. Bryan was smiling just as broadly
Their words of greeting were mere common-
places, They were; “How are you, Senator?”
* How are you, Mr. Bryan?” A littleembarras ed
silence followed The newsparer men and
the spectators crowded closer about them

Mr. Bry a) introduced each in tury
You have quite a bodyguard bearding with
sat Mr. blill My, but it's a lowe was

  
  
 

 

|
|
|

|

 

 

here to your home. An hour here, an hour
there, two hours somewhere else.”

Mr. Bryan only smiled, Mr. Hill referred to the
tortuous route, the backings in and out of the
Mi-souri Pacific, over which he came. Mr.
Bryan took hold of Mr. Hill's handbag. Mr
fill resisted gently, but Mr. Brya) ma.-terfully
took posession of it and marched Mr. Hill down
to hi: waiting carriage. Thev drove to a hotel,
a- had been previously arranged, where &
priveee room had been secured. Mr. Hill regis-

ered, so did Mr. Bryan, and afew minutes
later the two, together with Mayor McGuire
and Eugene Hughes of Syracuse and Ure
hh ae of Kentucky walked into the supper

It was nearly midnight yesterday when Mr.
Bryan got rid of his last importunate caller,
locked up und went to bed. In consequence he
slept so late this morning that he did not arise
in time to attend, as usual, at the Sunday morn-
ing services of the First Presbyterian Chureh,
of which he isa member. During the morning
he denied himself to all callers save newspaper
men, and those who had appointments. In the
afternoon he received a telegram announcing
that the Mississippi Press Association was on
its way back from a Western tour and wanted
togreet hin. Te rode down on his horse to the
train, shook the hands of all the admiring editors
who responded by giving him three cheers and |
thelr best wishes, He had been invited to open |
a Christian Science mass meeti..” later In the
afternoon, but he did not respond — At 3:30 he
held an audience with Mayor James K. McGuire
of Syracuse, N, ¥., who was accompanied b
Eugene Hughes, treasurer of the New Yor
Democratic State Committee. Urey Woodson,
National Committeeman from Kentucky, was
another caller, They spent most of the atter
noon with Mr. Bryan.

Neither Mr. McGuire nor Mr. Hughes would
talk of their conference with Mr. Bryan.
expressed the firin belief that the difficulties in |
the way ofaplatform agreeable to ull would be |
smoothed over. ‘They thought a platform to
suit both New York and Nebraska was not such
a difficulty that it could not be bridged.

, Mr. McGuire said that New York could
be and would be carried for Bryan.
Trusts and imperialism, wer* the — is-
euen that would gain the State for the
pomocrany. The young men were realizing
that the trusts shut up all avenues to financt
and industrial independence and would bo
found against them. ‘The fssue of imperial-
ism was not raised for the purpose of catching
votes’ it is a vital question. The German-
Americans of New York State number over a
quarter of a million voters and they know that
fmperialisin means militarism, an evil they had
fled from their fatherland to avoid jor ther
sons’ sakes. The industrial fate of the nation
ye Bd few hands now, and he believed

lore to fe ‘0 onopoly fi

from free Silver. ee epee eee
certain to be re e i

Gia tat Geoee affirmed, but in what form he

After dinner Mr. Hill was taken by Mr. Bryan
oe 4 home, Mr. Hill was seen for a

soment betore his departure, bi
nothing to sav, at laokt Whi now. but snid be had
et es Wocusen, national Committeeman

Y itUCKY, Bal Ob 2Onsul-
tation with MA eran: o-night, after a consul

no my opinion the convention will restate
{ts loyalty to silver in as strong terms as were
employed in 1808. The feverish anxiety of
some of our friends, who were hot over en-
thusiastie for silver then, to have the platform
differently written, indicates that they see a
difference betwee reaffirmation and the re-
statement of privciple, The manifest object
of all of this effort is to slight silver. vis
cannot do otherwise than embarrass Mr, Bryan
and to injure him, If the conve itiou desires
to get away from silver thea it should nomi-
Nate some one else than the nau who has made
his greatest reputation as an advocate of bi-
metallism,”

For nearly three hours Mr. Bryan and Mr,

Hill sat in the for " i
mer's library and
talked, _ Outside on the verandah a
vy of newspaper correspondents sat an

waited. The strident tones of Mr. Hill mingied
with the deep Lass of Mr, Bryan, but (veir eon-
ference was b hind closed doors and nota word
escaped At 91:05 Mr. Bryan called up a car-

| riage for Mr, Hill, and then came out upon the

 

 

|

porch and talked to the corresponcent«.
¥ have no statemont to juke,” he said.
‘Have you, Mr. Hil, if [hive not? We have
steps had a pleasant aud agreeadle chat,”
wal Mr. Bryan, “such as two ge ontiemen who
nage : elina long ume would have.”
n \ ou wil > . . re

ra eees ilnot change your mind’ he
“Twill not.”’ said Mr. Bryan, “Willyou, Mr.
Hil! 2" he said, turning to that gentleman. ”

Iwill nor.” said Mr. Hill

Mr, Bryan wasin his shirt: sleeves und looked
har py and pleased. Mr. Hill looked less © 1
fortable anda little less pleased. He aiteda
quorter ofan hour until @ carriage came and
went to his botel

 
 
 

 

MAY STRADDLE ON SILVER.

 

The “Leaders’’ Think They Can Hovdwink
the People by Simply Reaffirming the Chi-
cago Platform and Saying Nothing About
Sitver—Brvan Can Dictate the Platform,
bat fs Sald to Be Weakening Under the
Pressure of the More Conservative Leaders,

Kansas Ciry, July 1.—"What shall be the
platform?” js the leading question that every
body in Kansus City to-day is asking everye
pody else. For the time peing, at least, it ene
tirely overshadows the question of who shall
be the candidate for Vice-President
latter question will be arranged by the
vention that is to meet next Wednesday, but
the question as to the platform is to pe ane
swered at Lincoln, the capital city of Nebraska
where William Jennings Bryan resides. The
Convention [all is in Kansas City, but the man
who will dominate the work of the delegates
is in Lincoln, and so far as concerns the frame.
ing of the issues upon which the Presidential
campaign is to be fought, the delegates will
simp!y put on record his desires

It will be Bryan's platform. That much
is self-evident, and yet it is impossible now to
say what its language will be, because Bryan
himself, with all his boasted boldness and his
political artfulness, is staggered by the efort
so to frame the financial plank that it will de.
elare for the old Bryan principles of four years
ago, including the free coinage of silver at the
ratio of 16 to 1 without saying so. How to
satisfy the delegates who want a snecifie ap-
peal for free silver coinage, as well as those
who oppose it on principle and for political
reasons, is the problem that Mr. Bryan is now
struggling with at Lineoln. David B. Hil) js
advising him te-night, and he wants the silver
question dodged. Yesterday his visitors wera
William Sulzer and J. H. Lewis, who want free
coinage shouted trom the house tops, and
to-morrow othera, renresenting like conflicts
ing views, Will make the long, but dusty jour-
ney of seven hours from Kansas City to [ine
coln to advise their “peculiar leader” in hig
perilous task of carrying water on both
shoulders,

There is no trouble about the platform as
a whole, only the financial plank is a source
of vexation, There ta plenty of thunder on

This

cone

| hand out of which to make a campaign singan

| anid in his Philippine sneech.

| be the candidate of to-day.

denouncing everything that the Republican
party has done for four years or that it expects
to do for four years to come. Trusts and im-
perialism will be denounced and evervthing
advocated that “‘s not, never was, never wil]
be and never ought to be" as Senator Spooner
Tt will be a eon
paratively easy matter to ring the changes
on the evils of Republicanism and the shert-
comings of the leaders of the dominant party.
But the seriousness of the task lies in the ne-
cossity of bringing the Democrats themselves
together on a financial declaration that will
be Brvanism pure and simple, and yet will be
eo worded that the ani-Brvanites and the
an.j-Free Silverites can sav to themselves
“Well, even if the platform means free silver
it doean’t sav ft ” F

Nohod’ annears to believe that Brvaniem
and 16 tot should be thrown overhoard alto-
gether. That would be asking too much,
All coneede, on the contrary, that the plat.
form of 1896 mist be the platform of 1900,
inst as the candidate of four rears aco must
The trouble all

| grows ont of the desire of ona wing of the party

i tence and then *

to arologize for the rolitical rrnei le: of its
standard hearers by pufting together a “ron.
servative” financial nlanic. one that will admit
of ‘the claim being made that while it may be
true that Brvanism and. free silver coinage
at the ratio of 14 to 1 is all there is of the Dem-
oeratie narty, still, as the plotform does not

SS

Both | America of recent years.

The Chicago platform was |

|

‘

| theretore, a live poliical issue.’

|

|

 

| porations or

arecifically aav so, there is room for doubt ,

until after election, Strangely enough it

does not seem to occur te the roliticians here |

that as none of the delegates is fooled by this
straddling rrocess, neither will the voters he.
Ther go ahead with their secret conferences
and hair-snlitting nrovositions just as if they
reall hone to sticceed in fooling the financial
peonle. The do not seem to realize that the
country understands the situation thorough!»,
and it will insist on seeing it as itis. The
peonle know that Brvan i+ to be the nominee
of the convention for President and that he
is to stand again noon the nlatform of 1806,
with anti-imrerialism added as a_ political
principle growing out of the Spanish-American
War. Thev know that he favors the free eoin-
age of silver now as he did in 1896, and that
his financial views in general are now just
what they were then Thev know that
the great issue between Republicanism and
Demoeraev, between Broanism and MekKin-
leviam, can be changed onl’ by outright repu-
diaton of the Chicago platform, and no Dem-
oerat in Kansas City to-day dares to propose
that.

* for Bryan himself, being the shining sil-
ver star of magnitude that has outshone all
others for the past four years, he does not
dream of having his great light extinguished
But he has already weakened to the extent of
listening to the siren volce of these cautious
men, who are thinking more of victory than of
princiole. They are all for free silver, of course,
but then they say somewhat pointedly, but
indignantly. “What's the use of rubbing. it
in? The plotform of 1886 declares for the
froe coinage of «iver at the ratio of 16 to 1
Whe not just reaffirm that in one aeneral sen-
«on to the moore vital, be-
eae more pressing, i siasof the day.” This
.yhat David B. Will of New York, Arthur P

  
 

 

; tok,

    

Rew Pudlicatio

RRR eR A ee

 

aaa
Tue Greatest Novel OF THE YEAR

 

Rew Pudlicatious.

PRAARAARAAA AA AAA AAA A AD

By James Lane ALLEN.

THE REIGN OF Law. |

A TALE OF THE KENTUCKY HEMP FIELDS.

HAMILTON W. MABIE writes of it:

“ The story has not only the extraordinary beauty which gives Mr. Allen's
work a piace by itself in our literature, it has also great spiritual depth and un-

usual grasp of thought.

the dramatic interest is supreme, . .

. . « It is primarily the work of an artist to whom

. tne story of two human souls; a

story conceived and expressed in terms of th: deepest expe ience; touched
throughout with that exquisite beauty which reminds the reader of Haw-

thorne.’—The Uutlook.

 

 

  
    

  

New Publications. —

—-

Se

med AAARAAAANRAAAAAAASA AAA EN

een

PUBLISHED

Rann nen

 

By the author of
“*A Kentucky Cardinal,’’
**The Choir Invisible,”’ ete.
Hiustrated by
HARRY FENN and J. C. EARL,

Cloth, 12mo, $1.50.

“+A great book—great alike in beauty and in depth.”’—New York Times’ Sat. Review,

“Qur English Cousins have said that no
‘finer’ work than Mr, Allen’s has been done in
But ‘tine’ is an
ove worked adjective and gives no hint of the

| absolutely unique charm and delicacy of Mr.

Allen’s wriing.’—THE BOOK BuYER tor June.

“* Tue Reian or Law’

seems to strike a new and deeper note, and
seems by the dignity of its treatment, by its
tense drama, tender pathos, and narrow ap-
peeees to tragedy, to be a story that has long

een waiting for a perfect artist to interpret it
in the true way.”—THE INDIANAPOLIS News.

“ Over and above the story, one {s {m-
pressed with the purity, the lofty dignity,
the sweetness of its tone The book will
rank as the highest achievement of one of
the ablest contemporary American novelists.”
—PHILADELPHIA RECORD.

JAMES LANE ALLEN’S long promised novel, THE REICN OF Law

“ That it will take its place as one of the notable books of the ysar practically goes without saying, and wherever
the best and noblest of English speech is appreciated, this book will find a hearing ”—LOuIsVILLE TiMEs.

 

NEW EDITIONS OF JAMES LANE ALLEN'S NOVELS COMPLETE.
A KENTUCKY CARDINAL, $17.00. AFTERMATH, $/.00. TWO GENTLEMEN OF KENTUCKY, 30 cen’s.

THE BLUE GRASS

Published b

       

 

 

 

 

Gorman of Maryland, John P. Altgeld of Uli-
nois, James K. Jones of Arkannas, William J.
Stone of Missouri and other so-called party
leaders are saying to Bryan to-day. Not nec-
essarily that they love silver the less, but be-
cause they love ee success the more.
They know they will go to defeat ir they go on
the direct, bold financial issue of 1800. ‘They
dare not repudiate their principles, but they
will attempt to sugarcoat them, 1p the Lo iT)
that they will be swallowed by the voters Wwith-
out knowing just what they are taking.

Unfortunaiely for the “leaders,” however,
the rank and file of the delegates don't take
kindly to homeopathy. They want the meai-
cine mixed straight and without the, sweet
coating. “Reaftirmation be damned, they
say when it is pomted out to them how shrewd
a trick it would be lor the convenon simpiy to
yeiterate their loyalty to the plauorm Ol 1sy8
wilhoul saying any ling specific about coinage
or ratios. “Phat would be standing by we
Chicago platform, wouldnt it?” the leaders
‘and yet it would not be flaunting a red
rag in the face of those tumid Democrats who
are anxious to advise that the financial Ques-
tion is settled jor the present and no longer,

at all may be very tne, but it doesn't go
wiki toons on the outside, who, whatever their
status as undividuals may be, comprise the
vast majority of the delegates, They would
rather lose on the issue of Iree coibage than win
by dodging, and this ts just what they think
William Jennings Bryan Uunks, Wo. But i he
does, be has not said so, and his invitation Ww
David B. Hill to Visit him at Lincoin aemcn-
strates that he has weakened to the extent, at
least, of listening to those who would have
him abandon the one great principle that has
made bim for the last four years the over-
shudowing personality in the Democratic party.

Brvan has never been accused of moaesty
or lukewarmness in declaring his devotion to
free -ilver coinage at the ratio of 16 to 1, but
that he has at least grown cautious in the tear
of defeat aud the wrecking of his soaring }-O-
litieal arobition is shown by the varying de-
jineations of his feelings brought by the ree
turning Lincoln pilgrims. ‘Thus Editor Metcalf
of the Omaha World-H vald, who is to be the
Nebraska member of the Platform Commnittee,
wive Bryan is all right and will stand lor @
straight-out declaration in favor of tree coinage
ut 16tol. Then along comes Delegate Sells ot
Jowa, Who gets the Impression that me Peer-
less Leader” will be satisfied with a “reaffirma-
tion” of the Chieago platform. Then Sulzer
throws himself tuto the breach, along with Col,
J. Haniiton Lewis of Washington State, and
they both report that Col. Bryan “will never
wield.” The Chieago platform will be reaffirmed,
they say, and the free coinage of silver specifi-
cally advocated in addition. But they say it
so loud as to throw some doubt upon how sure
they themselves are of being right. Nobody
knows yet whether they are or not, but the
bosses are betting that they are wrong.

As for the delegates whose names are not
known, but whose coat lapel badges indicate
their States, as they go wandering aimlessly up
and down the hills called streets in Kansas ( ty
and in and out of the hot hotels, they will talk
to anybody and everybody and the strangers
and the Kansas Citvans glibly ask each other;
“Wall, how about the platform? Wiil it simply
reaffirm the financial plank of the Chicago
jlatform of 1896 or will there be a epecitic dac-
faration for the free coinage of silver at the
ratio of 16 to 1?” Then they fall into a lively
discussion, and it ia safe to say that not one in
twenty of these curbstone politicians know
what the platform of 1896 is. Indeed, a can-
vases of a group of self-appointed platform
makers made to-day demonstrated a lament-
able state of ignorance among the populace
generally as to what they were talking about.
For the benefit of this class of agitators the
financial planks of the Chicago platform of
1898 are here reproduced: ;

“Recognizing that the money question is
paramount to all others at this time, we invite
attention to the fact that the Constitution names
silver and gold together as the money metals
of the United States, and that the first coinage
law passed by Congress under the Constitu-
tion made the silver dollar a money unit of
value and admitted gold to free coinage at a
ratio based upon the silver dollar unit.

“We deoare that the Act of 1873 domon-
etizing silv r without the know ledge or approval
of the American people has resulted tn the
appreciation of gold and a corresponding fall
in the prices of commodities produced by the
people; a heavy increase in the burden of tax-
ation and of all debts. public and private: the
enrichment of the monev-lending class at home
and abroad; the prostration of industry and
finpoverishment of the peonle.

“We are unalterably opposed to monometal-
lism. which has locked fast the prosperity of
an inductrial people in the naralysis of hard
times. Gold monometallism isa British policy,
and its adontion has brought other nations into
financial servitude to London, It is not only
un-American, but anti-American, and it can be
fastened on the United States only by the
stifling of that indomitahle spirit and love of
liberty which proclaimed our political {nde-
pendence in 1776 and won it in the war of the
Revolution.

“We demand the free and unlimited coin
of both silver and gold at the present leg:
ratio of 16 to 1, without waiting for the aid or
consent of any other nation. We demand
that the standard silver dollar shall be a full
legal tender, equally with gold, for all dehta,
public and private, and we favor euch legisla-
tion as will prevent for the future the demoneti-
zation of any kind of legal tender money by
private contract,

“We are opposed to the policy and practice of

 

  

REGION OF KENTUCKY, $1.50.
SUMMER IN ARCADY, $1.25. THE CHOIR INVISIBLE, $/ 50; illustrated, $2.50.

y THE MACMILLAN COMPANY, 66 Fifth Ave., New York

 

| reception,

surrendering to the holders of the obligations |

of the United States the ortion reserved by law
to the Government of redeeming such obliga-
tions in either silver coin or gold coin.

“Congress alone has the power to coin and
isstie money, and President Jackson declared
that this power could not be delegated to cor-
individuals. We therefore de-
nounce the issuance of notes intended to circu-
late as money by ‘ational banks as in deroga-
tion of the Constitution, and we demand that
all paner which is made legal tender for public
and private debts, or which is receivable for
duties to the United States, shall be issued b
the Government of the United States and shall
be redeemable in coin.”

This is*the document upon which Willi
Jeontngs Brvan rose to fame in the summer o
is9g and upon which he and the Democratic
party went down to defeat in the autumn of the
same vear. Now that "Peerless Leader” is asked
to abandon his devotion to the principles above
xet forth in order that the party may have at
lenst one chaner of victory, To stand by that
platform, the “leaders” tell him. means defeat
in advavece. To ig sore holds out one ray of
hope. The rank and file of the delegates, repre-
senting the bone and sinew of the party. prefer
to fight with colors fiyicg. They are loval to
their standard-hearer, however. and if he lowers
the fag the will still stand by him. Whether
it will be lowered or flung aloft is yet a burning
question

The seriousness of the situation that confronts
the “Peerlesa Leader,” now for the first time
dauoted. is shown by the attitude of the Pe in-
s\tvania delegation. The thought the wise
thi « todo tstoaffirm the Chieago mlatform and
add a plank denonneing the fia eial poliey and
legislation of the Republican party avd declar-
ing 1) favor of the free eoi age of gold and ail-
ver without saving anything about the ratio
That would be facing both wavs, they think. so
artfully that Bryan could stand up proudly for
free xilver, with the geinive Democracy around
him as he has alwava stood, and the “leaders,”
whe are pleading for a “co \servative | course
on silver, could also flock to his standard on the
plan that there is nota word about 16 to tin the
platform

It's a very pretty game of hoodwinking and
duet-throwing that is being plaved at Kansas City
and Lincoln, but the question is” Will it win?

 

FLUTE AND VIOLIN

 

 

WM, SULZER’S NOISY BOOM.

THE CONGRESSMAN HAS NOW TAKEN
PERSONAL CHARGE OF IT

 

 

 

He Arrives at Kansas City From the Home of |
Bryan on the Same ‘Train With J. Ham |
Lewis, Who Has a Rival Boom, and Is Es- |
corted to His Hotel by a Minstrel Band.

Kansas City, July 1.—Congressman William |
Sulzer and his Vice-Presidentiul boom have
made more noise here than all tie other booms. |
The boom has been noisy ever since it got here
last week. The Congressman arrived on Sature |
day evening and took personal command of his |
forces. He was noisy on his arrival and has |
been ever since. Mr. Sulzer came from Lincoln,
Neb., where he had talked with Col. Bryan.
Jim Ham Lewis of the State of Washington was
in Lincoln at the saine time Mr. Sulzer was there,
He, too, has a Vioe-Presidential boom. Like
Mr. Sulzer he went to Lincoln to explain the |
merits of his boom to Mr. Bryan. He was less
enterprising than Mr. Sulzer, however, for the |
New York Congressman took along a pocket-
ful of campaign buttons, having the pictures
of Bryan and Sulzer on them. He didn't know
but that Col. Bryan would want a few to dis-
tribute among his friends and he scored a point.
Then, too, Mr. Sulzer brought a mashed thumb
and this aroused Col. Bryan's sympathy. Mr.
Sulzer opened an obstinate car window just
east of Chicago for a young woman and did it so
vigorously that lus right thumb was mashed.
The injured member pained him all the way to
Chicago. There he had it dressed. This made
it worse, sv he could not sleep a wink all the way
to Lincoln. When he reached Col. Bryan's
farm he was in agony. Col. Bryan was full of
sympathy and good advice. His own sur-
geon, the best in Lincoln, was called in and Mr.
Sulzer's thumb was operated on.

As Mr. Lewis had no buttons, save the nor-
mal coat, waistcoat and trousers outfit, and no
sore thumb, he did not receive as much aiten-
tion from Mr. Bryan as did Mr. Sulzer. This

'

|
made Mr. Lewis unhappy and caused a decided
shrinkage in the size of his boom. Jeal-
ousy sprang up between the two candidates
during their visit, and when they decided to
take the same train for Kansas City Major
Btofer of Culpeper Court House, Va., Col.
Bryan's moat intimate friend, was sent along to
see that their evident animosity did not result
in an open encounter, in which, it was figured,
Mr. Lewis would have a great advantage, owing
to the injured condition of Sulzer's right
thumb. Major Stofer is a man of great tact,
but the jealousy between the candidates was
so strong that he had much difficulty in keeping
them in cordial relations. Mr. Lewis would
get Major Stofer’s ear and talk to him in a low
tone of voice. Mr. Sulzer would observe and
become restive. Soon he would break in and
drag Major Stofer away. He would speak ina
mysterious tone, uttering mighty words. Mr.
Lewis would become uneasy. Soon he would
drag Major Stofer away from Mr. Lewis. This
game was played from Lincoln to hansas City,
except at St. Joe and Table Kock, where the
voters had gathered in numbers to cheer the
train that was bearing the candidates away.
At these demonstrations of popular approval
Mr. Sulzer would bow from the car platform,
standing in @ picturesque attitude, as his model,
Henry (lay, was wont to stand. This delighted
the people and did not displease Mr. Sulzer.
Lewis did not seem toenioy itso much.

The train arrived at the Union station here
atQo'clock. President Barnard. Daniel O'Con- |
nell of the Sons of Liberty, who haa been the

Sulzer boom. arranged the
Barlow Wilson minstrel
troop is in town, It has a tent in which it gives
a show every night. It also has a band which
is known as the 16to 1 band, on account ot the
roportion of discords and harmonies. This
band includes all the members of the minstre)
troop. Mr. O'Connell decided that this d
was the proper one to meet Mr. Sulzer.
hired it. It was necessary to break up the
show to get it. but the leader of the band said
his people were in the business a8 much for
their own pleasure as for the sake of pleasing
the public, and that he didn't object to losin
one night's business for the sake of teking part |
in the Sulzer reception. So the band. each \
man clad in white duck, clambered aboard |
a big wagon and went to the station. When |
Mr. Sulzer climbed off the train. the band played |
“Hail to the Chief.” Mr. Sulzer bowed, Mr.
Lewis looked around, apparently to see whether |
there was a band forhim. Major Stofer looked |
relieved, Mr. Sulver found a carriage, an |
open barouche of the kind in which prominent
tivens vide in parades. He got into it, The
band started up “There’ll Be a Hot Time,”
and away they went for the Savoy. Some boys
cheered. Mr. Sulzer bowed with nity.
Mr. Lewis made his way sorrowfully and alone
to the Midland.

At the Savoy Mr. Sulzer’s loyal boomers
were qreuped around the main entrance. They
look very enthusiastic. When the in-
strel band came in sight at the foot of the hill
the crowd cheered. It cheered louder when
the band stopped plaving. Mr. Sulzer’s car-
rage stopped at the main entrance to the hotel
and the candidate stepped out. There was
another cheer, and then he disappeared in
the headquarters which he occupies. These
headquarters are known as the Sulzer rooms,
They are labelled “Bryan and Sulzer headquar-
ters." The hotel is plaste with pictures
of the Nebraska Colonel, with his name in lean
and «mall type at the bottom, and Willi

ulzer’s name below it in letters large an
‘at. The banner that floats outside the Savoy
bears the inseription “Bryan, Sulzer and Vic-
tory.” No other a-pirant for the nomina-
tion has annexed Col. Bryan's name the way
Mr. Sulzer has. Mr. Sulzer’a boomers have
striven to have it known that Mr. Sulzer is
Col. Bryan’s choice a+ well as the “Peepul’s”
friends. One of them was much insulted,
however, when a voung Missouri farmer
who was in the Baltimore to see the sights,
Catching a giimp-e of the Sulzer, tagged Bryan

»ster, inquired if that was a picture of
Mr. Sulzer.

Mr. Sulzer was attacked by the reperters
as soon as he had got through brushing his
hair after his arrival. The first question put
to him was as to the financial plank. Mr:
Sulzer said that he was for 16 to 1 now, as

always been, A ked whether Col, Bryan
wanted the ratio designated in the platform,
Mr. Sulzer said that what passed between
him and Col. Bryan was in confidence and
would not be repeated under any circum-
stances, But Mr. Sulzer added thet rsons
were at liberty to draw their own conclusions,
Then, as to his candidacy, Mr. Sulzer said:

"My one object in political life is to see the
Chicago riattorm succesafol at the polls. I
have fought foritforfour years. If I am not
the moat available candica ¢, the strorgeat
candidate and the beet candidate 1 thal ‘be
glad to withdraw and || another man, no
matter who he may be, take my rlace. I am
animated hy patriotic inctives and by naught
else. My friends declare that 1 am to be the
candidate for Vice-President and that I al-

Mr:

head pusher of fhe

ban
He

(uniform

, how highly b amiesteenie ad by the peoy le

with the preceding), $1.0

ready have enougl votes for that purpose. |
am contdent that when the New York dele-
ation arrives it will deciare tor me, ih
riends are contident aud hopeful, Let me
say, however, that were [ to have no othe:
reward than the gratitude of the people of
this section of our country for the work the:
| have done I should feeliuyscit tighly rep aid
for all the werk whieh J have done in polities
since | took aa interest inour country’s afi -
| have beep astonished tu Lod bow well kno. 4
L arm throughout this part of the country aud
Sta
kindness as has been shown to me is ehotuwi
to repay any roan, and | am satisfied.”

Toeaay Mr. Sulzer drove around to the \a-
rious hotels and shook hands with the dilegat:s
who were on hand. He called on Mr. Croker
ex-Senator Murphy and Chairman Jones of
the National Committee. ‘The talks that) lie
had with them made hint more confident of
his nomination than he had ever been before
a ree said, too, that delegates from all
arts U we coubtry were plec ‘ P ,
to him re pleagibg themselves

ile Sulzer was receiving the plau of

the “peep” at the Savoy the Hoar anes os
toddled more or less discontentedly around the
corridor of the Midland, frequently running
his tingers through his pink whiskers, which
hadn't been trimmed for a long time, abd tal\-
ing now and then with the numerous corres-
pencente from in and out of town, all of whom
said heknew, whether hedidornoi. “What's
the news?" they asked him. The Hon. Jun

Ham confided in them that he had just come
from Lincoln. ; .

“The fact is,” he said, “I have had a private
conference with Mr. Bryan. I am not at iib-
erty, Of course, to give you any inlormation
about it, but 1 will say this: That after se ing
Mr. Bryan it is my opinion that Mr. bryan wii
insist upon a reaffirmation of the 16 to 1 plank
inthe platform, and further, itis my oy inion that
Mr. Bryan believes that any failure to specifi-
eally reiterate, perhajs not in the same lan-
guage, but the principle, will be taken by the
peos le 4s a backdown, a dropping away from
brine Ne Therefore he will insist upon it,”

at's mews about y ws
dewanard yourself,” was

“Ah, mysell,” said the Hon. Jim Ham, patti
his breast. “Myself, myself, Well, here's
the rub, Well, in the morning I shall have my
whiskers trimmed, and shall put on a clean coi-
lar, do you see?” pulling aside his whiskers tu
show his need of one, “I shall also put on an-
other suit of clothes, but the whiskers are the
mnost important And again the Hon. Jim
Ham drew his fingers back and forth throveh
the ginger ale pempas grage through which
the winds of the State of Washington had whis+
tled erer since Jim Hara got into polities.

“But how about your own boom-— your pe
litical boom?” asked one of the sturdier une
ioners.

“Again myself,” said Jim Ham, “again m)-
self. Well, boys, I’m a candidate “4 belies ”
ny folng to SF.

ow many vo ave you got?” as
coldblooded ‘nes got?” asked the

“Well,” said Jim Ham, “I've Washington ”
and he held up his hand and began to count
on his fingers, “I've Idaho, Nevada, Uiah, a
part of California. You know some of the pen-
ple of California insist on giving Mr. Phelan
a complimentary vote, but they will all go for
me after that. Then ['ve a part of Georgia
Alabama and other Southern States, fromm
which section, as you well know, I originated.
I should say that | wil! have altogether a hun-
dred yotes on the first ballot. We'll make it
fiftty-I will have fifty certain. Now, bova,”
said Jim Ham, in conclusion, “when you want
anything come to me. You know T'n your
friend, rd, what would I have been if the
newspapers hadn't taken me up. Some of
you gentlemen have been somewhat facet.ou<
it is true. I don't mind that, though, onl<
keep me in the public eye. Please do not let
me sink into political oblivion, Just keep me
to the front. Say anything of me, but do not
forget to mention me Frank you, gentie-
Mtr Bulger hind a | )

Mr. Sulzer had a long chat with Mr. Croker
and Mr. Murphy to-night. Mr. elas wine
he left the two New Yorkers, jury abonr
ue corridors, telling how he had already 200
votes in the convention for the Vice-Presi-
Genital} noinination ver

. ou give Mr. Sulver f eo
ment?” Mr Croker was named.” iets

The Tammany chieftain. smiled grimiv
shrugged his shoulders and said: “Not a word
yet about this matter: not a word, if yon please.”

 

MINISTER SHELDON

—-—

IN POLITICS.

Author of ‘In His Steps"’ Named for Vice-
President by the United Chrisiian Party.

DAVENPORT, Ia , July 1.—-The Executive Com-
mittee of the United Christian party met here
to-night and chose the Rev. Charles M. Sheldon
of Topeka, Kan., as a candidate for Vice-Presi-

dent in the plice of John G. Woolle

clined to run. (Sreld ni thus Sided es the
a6 for the , & &,

arrisoure, Pa. vi > Gretew &

The committee states that the auth we

His Steps" knew his name was to be net

and has assurance that he will not declinea

place on the ticket. The arty will h Ida mass

convention at Rock Island, Il! , in July, to pers

fect the organization in that Siate.

DorIBD.

BROKAW.~—At the Carlton Hotel, London, of pneu
moria, on June 28, 1900, Elizabeth F. Gould, be
loved wife of William V. Brokaw.

Notice of funeral hereafter.

HOWELL,—At Mamaroneck, on Thursday, June
28, 1909, Cecilia Anson, widow of Ephraim H
Howell and daughter of the late Thomas and
Martha W. Palmer, in her 77th year

Furer.i services from St. Thomas Church, Mamar
eveek, on Monday, July 2, 1900, at 3 P. M
Carriages will be in waiting at Mamaroneck
station on arrival of the 2:02 P. M. train from
Grand Central Depot. Boston and Californias
papers Please copy.

PHILIP. —Suddenly. on Saturday, June 30, 1900, of
heart failure, at his home, the Conmmandant’s
residence, Brooklyu Navy Yard, John W) dward
Philip, Rear Admiral United States Navy, aged
59 years and |) months,

Funeral Monday, July 2, 1990, at 4 o’¢lock,
at the late residence, Interment Tuesday, July 3,
1990, at Annapolis. Kindly omit Mowers Call-
fornia and European papors pivase copy.

PRESTON.—Sucdenly, on Saturday June 30, 1999,
at her restdence, 190 West 40th st, Anna
Hibbler, daughter of Charles A. Tatum and wite
of Frederick D. Preston

Funeral services will be held at Christ Church
Broadway and 71st st., on Tuesday, July3 1900,
ati0A. M.

WILLIAMS. At Hendersonville, N.C. sudtenty
on June 24, 1990, Augusta, daughter of Thomas
Willams and sister of the late Ichabod T. Wi!
Hams, in the 74th year of her age.

Funeral services at the Church of the Ascenaton,
Sth av. and 1/th st. on Monday, July 2, 1900, at
12 o'clock noon

      

Rew Pudlications,
RITE for 50e. Bargain Books Catal
Weta omy eoiParsaie Bathe, Cotalomuss etl

 

 

 

vs
» Ms
\ar
$ ’