¥

\a”
( 7”
- r

j

eee

 

NOTES OF THE CONVENTION,

 

]
passiNG POLITICAL SHOW IN KAN-

AND ITS KFFECTS,

sas CITY

 

 

, to Leavenworth to-
thle bale At thts rite an ee oan
| returned,
The order relating to the stringing of signs
| 8cross the streets was modified to-day to the
j @xtent of giving Tammany permission to string
@ banner across the street at the Midland

 

'

woman Suffragists Bombard the Delegates | Hotel. It was noted that the banner was sup-

_The Town ‘Wide Open” on Senday—Mar- ' ported on one side by the Midland and on the |
other side by “sapho,”’ or at lesst the play- |

yelloas Decorations of the Miimots Head-
quarters—Van Wyck in an Icy Situation

_& Wonderful Piece of Fireworks-—The |

Herders’ Marching Clab’s Pecaliar Parade
_Sulzer’s Hair on End in a Picture
qgaken With Bryan tn Lincolna—The Girls
who Gamble for Cigars Instead of Selling
Them-Side Lights on the Life of the

Town Under U:8 aa! Clircemstances,

Kansas City, Mo., July 1.--The women suf-
fragists have begun their assault on the Demo-
cratic Natlonal Convention, They demand a
plavk In the platform as follows:

“Resolved, That we favor the submission by
Congress to the various Staté Legislatures of an
amendment to the Federal Constitution forbid-
ding disfranchisement of United States citizens
onaccount of sex.”

rhe National Women’s Suffrage Association,
which demands the plank in the platform, has
sent to the postofilce here letters directed to
every individual wio is to have anything to do
with the convention, They enclose with the
plank a letter signed by Susan B. Anthony, Ida
Husted Harper, Carrio Chapman Catt, Rachel
poster Avery and Anna Howard Shaw. In thelet-
ter they declare that aince its inception the Dem-
cratic party bas had for its raliying cry the
words of Thomas Jefferson, * No taxation with-
out representation” and ‘‘Governments derive
their just powers {rom the consent of the gov-
erned"’ They insist that the party platforms,
while based on these words, never protest
against taxaUon without representation for

women,

In the memoria) which is enclosed with the
circular there is the following:

“The women of the United States are now the
only disfranchised class, and sex is the one re-
maining disqualification. A man may be idle,
corrupt, vicious, utterly without a single qual-
{ty necessary for purity and stability of gov-
ernment, but rouge the exercise of the suf-
{rege he ts a vital factor, A woman may

educated, industrious, moral and. law
abiding, possessed oj every quality needed ina
ureand stable government, but deprived of
at influence which is exerted throuch the
ballot aie is nota factor in affairs of State.
Who will claim that our Government ts purer,
wiser, stronger and more lasting by the rigi
exclusion of what men themselves term ‘the
better half of the ; eople?’

“Every argument which enfranchises a man

nfranchises a woman. There is no esca:e
rom thix logio except to declare sex the just

asie of suffrage. But this position cannot be
maintained in view of the fact that women
already have full_suffrage in Wyoming,
Colorado, Utah and Idaho, municipal suffrage
{pn Kansas, school suffrage in twenty-five States,
@ vote on tax levies in Louisiana, on bond issues
In Iowa, and on minor questions in various
bther States. They have every franchise ex-
cept the Parliamentary in England, Scotland
and Ireland and full ballot in New Zealand and
kouth and West Australla and some form of
buffrage in every English colony. In a large
humber of the monarchical countries certain
classes of women vote. On this fundamental
question of individual sovereignty surely the
United States should bea leader end nota fol-
lower. The trend of the times ia clearly towar
equal suffrage, It will add to the eredit and
future strength of an party to put itself in line
with the best modern and progressive thought
on this question.”

There is also inclosedin the circular a letter
written by Gov, Thomas of Colorado saying
that woman suffrage in Colorado has been a
good thing. This letter says:

“The good results of woman suffrage briefly
summarized are these: Increased responsibility
resulting in the acquisition of knowledge, thus
broidening the mental horizon of women gen-
erally: increased capacity for the intelligent ex-
ercise of suffrage, which is regarded as the im-
position of a doty rather than the grant of a
privilege; the comratibility of every womanly
trait with every political prerogative; the cleva-
tio. of the working woman by the possession
of political power, thus enabling her to fleht
life's battle on terms of equality with competi-
tors: ageneral elevation and improvement in
the tone of practical ; ol tics."

Kansas City is a wide open town, whatever
else you can say aboutit. Conventions don't in-
terfere a little bit with the regular order of
things on Sunday out here, There are no big
crowds in town yet, but everything was ready
for them had they been here to-day, Some one
said that if you wanta drink you have to go to
the -ide door, but if this is so {tis only evidence
ofits being the Sabbath door Across the street
from the Midland Hotel flaring signs of red,
white wend blue over the entrance to the Grand
Opera House announced that Sapho was inside
and those who have seen the play say that it
was given with all its trimmings and that the
Mayor of this town at least has never thought
of interfering wth the performance. Opposite
the Baltimore, the new hotel that is
so gayi’ decorated inside as to make
a Denver barkeeper blish with envy, there is a
hig circus tentunder which there is an almost
continuous performance of Warloa and Bilson’s
old-time genuine black-faced minstrels.and the
barker ou side assures every possible ticket
huver that the thermometer in-ide the tent
never goes above 140 degrees Fahrenheit, Every
streetcar running across town has flaming
vanners announcing “A match game of base-
ball between the West Bottoms and the Toud-a-
loups,"" an. thus it goes allover (own. There
are other places of entertainment less con-
spicuousiy advertised and if there is any
stranger within Kansas City’s g@its to-night
who doesn't have a good time it is because he
doesn't want it,

 

Kansa City seems to be the paradise of the
Hcocesin-the-slot machines and similar auto-
atic gambling devices, It is never necessary
'o buy acigaror a drink In this town, The
thing to co is to go in and win one. It may
cost you more in the end, but you get your fun
besides your drink and cigars. Besides tho
cigar stores and saloons, the drug stores,
news dealers’ stores, restaurants, theatres
and every other place where the public
may be expected to gather is fully
equipped with machines of
another. Some of them have as many as ten or
fifteen varieties of machines, In the barrooms
there are machines for winning drinks and
cigars on either end of the bars and away from
the bars there are other machines where you
can gamble tor the nickel that your less fortu-
nate brothers have dropped in and failed to get
back

THE SUN told the other day about the young
ladv inthe Battimore Hotel who stands behind
the cigar counter and shakes dice with any-
body for cigars in almost every other hotel
ithe city andin all the cigar stores there are
adies and dice boxes and a perfect willingness
on their part to shake for anything inthe
‘obacco line trom a cigarette to a doliar-and-a-
half cigar, @ cerncob to a meershaum
ripe or a package of “mravel train
deight' to the finest mixed tobacco
boxed The employment of women in
the cigar stores and restaurants and
Places of that charvetor is general here.
bave apparentiy run the men clerks outof the

i entirely. The businesses are ab o-

Hew re-pectable and the young women say
that they never have any trouble with their
customers, Ifa customer geta gay he gets sat
pon so quiekly that he doesn’t know whether
le son his head or his heels, and it he ventures
torepeat bis aay ness he wil land in the station

use and stay t ere, for the police haven't any
somp thy with him and the court wont put up

‘ith na hers.

 

 

They have a unique way of enabling people
to vet cooled off in this town in many of the
hotels Inthe floors there are huge iron grat-
Nes which look like registers. U derneath
these regis'ers are big fans, and from out the

yenne.s when the fans are working there
Comesalmost agaleof wind. You stand over
one 4 ininute and you wre cool, The windia

ul nough to blow your hat eff ani blew
‘our coat over your head. The visitors call
ein “Cyelone strainers *

 

There isa railroad running from Kansas City
lt is a troliey line, the dis-

and it is ove of the ate

) Leavenworth
Mahor being thirty miles,
'ractive trips around here. The trolley line
vopecavertlhe ite xiensively. Most of the ad-
*ertising is done by ecards, whieh are distributed
These cards set forth the virtues of Leaven-

‘orth, also the state of Kansas, ‘The cards say

 

   

: Leavenworth t. a yrowing city of 25,000,
MAb Coogtuns tort Leavenworth, the most
Sbertantinilitacy polnton the American con-

thatut contains 4 Soldiers’ Home, whieh

stowed andone of the largest of the
Vained by the United States Govern:

Wit ard last, but not leost, the card says;
of) Kansas Stite Penitentiary, where 1,000
ewes trom Kansas ond Oklahoma are
riged oe thehtina the Lwin + Trust, the Ice
Mist, (oui Combine, &e.”
pi! Will be understood why there are so many
cone ; Kansus when it is seen that even the
0 Vicis hive tobe turned loose to fight the
CWwpus. Many visitors to Kansas City went |

jj; used
|
|

one kind or |

They |

‘house where ‘Sapho” is beng produced. The
arrival of Tammany’s banner was simultaneous
| with the arrival o. Tammuny’s chie! tain.

| Next to the Kansas delegation’s headquarters
| the most fearfully and wonderfully made head-
| Quarters in this town is thit to be occupied by
| the lilinols delegation at the Hotel Baltimore.

“Holy Moses!” exclaimed a Chicago man as |

he entered to-day, “where are the girls?’ The

pink, sky blue, orange, deep red, old gold, ordi-
nary red, navy blue, go d, silver, green, purple,
and yellow—plain quarantine yellow. There
are beautiful spangles made of tin; rose bushes
containing multitudes of flowers of all eolors.
On one bush alone it was noted to-day that

there were white, red, green, blue and
yellow roses, On the same bush were
peonies, geraniums and carnations. On one
wall of the room ‘here is the picture of Thomas
Gahan, Nationul Committeeman for the State,
and William Jennings Bryan, the “cheerless
leader.’ On the other wall is a picture of that
young statesman of Chicago, Carter Harrison,
with his hands in his pockets, The picture is a
full length. In order that the Chicago boys
shall feei at home the decorations contain many
panels in the wall, The work is said to be tho
result of the combined efforts of ‘Bath house
John” Coughlin, “Hinkey Dink” Kenna and the
Chicago Art Committee, those who have re-
mained away from the Paris Exposition.

 

The only unpleasant incident, so far as is
known, suffered by the Hon. August Van Wyck
to-day occurred on his return from church this
morning going to the Midland Hotel. Judge Van
Wyck and Harry Walker were coming in'o the
hotel just as the porter came pushing along
with a large box of chopped ice, and as luck
would have it. the truck turned up and, the foe
tumbled directly at the feet of Judge Van Wyck.

“Take it away, take it away,” shrieked Harry
Walker. ‘What do you mean, sir? Do you
mean a deadly insu't to my candidate, sir.
Take it away, I say."

That poor porter didn't know anything about
the recent developments concerning the Ice
Trust stock in New York city. He was not to
blame, but he did as as he was told, Meantime
Mr. Walker escaped with the Judge by the
stairway, which is near by.

The Hon. Elllott Danforth told the news-
paper men whoasked him about his boom for
Vice-President to-day that he hadn't any. He
said

 

offered to serve my party. once, being at
that time ambitious to Governor of m
State. Whenitappeared to be best to nomf-
nate another I accepted second place and nade
the race for Lieutenant-Governor, but that is
the extent of my political ambition.”

Mr. Danforth, nevertheless, added that he ts
| a can ‘idate for Governor now,

a

 

The biggest piece of Chinese fireworks that
has ever been imported into this country ts at
present at Kansas City and it is understood
that acontest is going on among the various
| Vice- Presidential candidates to get possession
| of it. It contains an even 100,000 fire
| crackers, from little ones less than half
| an inch long to the giant crackers. The

owner of the piece here says they are
in China only on_ great religious
occasions and that each firecracker is
sipposed to be «endowed with the ability to
discourage or frighten away a devil. The little
firecrackers are for little devils and the big ones
for the big devila. Asthe piece burnsand ex-
plodes their also issues from it snakes, real fire
streaks and other strange, uncanny things, enl-
culated to scare the very devil himself, ‘The
concern ownilg the piece of tireworks has had
many offers for it but it refuses absolutely to
sell until all the candidates get here. ihe own-

thy are loyal Kansas City citizens and
on’t intend that anybody shali have an

 

ers 88
they
undue advantage over anybody else.

 

Kansas City expects a lot of women at this
convention. Many delegates and leaders have
sent word that they intend to bring their wives
and the Kansas City women have made up
their minds to give them a good time. The
Atheneum of Kansas City will throw open its
house at Ninth and Locust streets, and it has
invited all the women’s clubs of the city to help
entertain the ladies who come here to attend
the convention. All the women are going to
wear lavender badges witha ribbon of red,
white and blue. Besides entertaining tho
visiting ladies at the clubhouse they are going
to doallthat they can to help the ladies go

about town. Like the badges the Kansas City
men wear her the badges of the Atheneum
women will contain the words:

“ask meanything you would like to know.”

The women are going to spend a good deal of
time around the shopping district, where they
wil! ba likely to run into visiting ladies, and they
are not going to wit for the visitors to hunt
them up to be entertained. This spiritof hos-

| pitality exists every where in this town, and the
verdict on all sides is: ‘Kansas City is all right.”
The men are just as kindly as the women.
| The Tammany Indians, those of them who
have already arrived, have been dumb-struck.
They recall the difference in their treatment
here and how they have been insulted In the
grossest ‘assion at Democratic National Con-
ventions heldin Chicago. Hereif a siranger’s
face wears an inquiring look, some hospitable
man issureto step upand ask himto takea

 

Bryan and Selzer. If the stranger say
no, the citizen will ask him if. there
is ‘anything that he can do. the
stranger wants to go anywhere the man

tells him how many hills away it is, or very
likely he will accompany |.im there and that,
too, with no snare, Joe” or Grand Central
Pete propensities. he hospitality is genuine,
It is kindly and not obtrusive. And visitors
will go away from Kansas City with a warm
spotin their heart< lor te people here.

They are very swift people out here in Kansas
City. You can get almost anything while you
wait. Right opposite the headquarters of the
sergeant-at-arms of the National Committee
in the Baltimore Hotel, there {s a tailor shop
where you goin and get measured for a suit of
clothes and get it before dark the same day,
| at the hotel if you want to get your clothes
cleaned and pressed, th*y will do it for you in
fifteen minutes. Of course, every Eastern
| man who comes here has had to have. his
clothes cleaned and pressed, The tallor shops
in the hotels have this sign:

“We fix you up while you eat or sleep,”

The Jaundries in the hotel get clothes in the
morning and return them before noon. On
Walnut street there isa sign infront of a doc-
tor’s office: 4

“We diagnose your case without asking ques-
tions.”

One reason fur this swiftne-s may be that the
town has only two seasons for doing business—
the spring and the fall. As one man put it to-
day:

es too damned hot in the summer to work,
and too damned cold in the winter to loaf.’
So everybods goes away in the ummer and the
winter, As soon as this convention is over
Kansas City will be deserted. It's necessary to
geta full y-ar’s income to do things quickly in
the two sea ons in which it is possible to labor.

The ‘Ask Me” button has been told about In
Tue SUN. It was iss ed originally by the Kan-
| sas City Local Commitiee and was sold at $1
a button, the money to gotothe fund for
building the Convention Hall. The button is
copyrighted Now there isa great to-do over
the fact that another “Ask Me” button has ap-
peared and is-old fir 10 cents on the street,
Everyrody in Kansas City who did not buy a
dollar butto js buying a 1-cent button, ‘Thus
the revenues ore being ent down, ‘The commi -
tee doesn’t feel like protesting for fear that
somebody mig tthink that they did not wa:
all the citizens to indicate their hospitality and
willingness to helm strangers. Atihe same
time th y see that something has got to be
done, Afterthe convention ig over they talk
about prosecuting the man who infringed the
«riginal copyright.

 

The lion. Peter Dooley Dunne got to town
to-night. Like all distingu shed citizens the
flon. Peter Dooly was sought out by the
Kansas City reporters. One of thern reached
him in bis rocm at the Midland,
Doon?” he asked

“My name is I
Dunne. :

“That's allright; cid you write Dooley?” de-
manded the reporter

"Ye," confessed Mr. Dunne

“Well, von are the man IT want,”’ said the re-
porter, “Say, can't vou get off a little wit
about cur city?”

Peter Dunne,"’ replied Mr.

 

For the accommodation of the visiting artists
from th: Eastern newspapers and magazines
who came expecting to see prairie schooners
floating through the streets, cowboys riding
wildly up and down, shooting peaceful citizens
and a few things like that, including thousands
of farmer. trekking into town on more
schooners, the Herders’ Marching Club from the

stock yard paraded the streets to-night.
' They were the wildest looking specimens
1 that can be found here and possibly the
most peaceful. They were armed with big

“Are you |

|

|
|

| decoration is adream. It is made up largely of |

—_==-veeeceees> mesesmsecneercenensenenapnaes mance eA SE EE EA cE TE CE CIC CE EEC

|
|
|
|
|
|

THE SUN,
'8}ON THE TAMMANY TRAINS.

straw hats, revolvers, and antic spurs
their boots, ‘tRee paerely had a nice walk

came in from the West Bottoms to see the town.
The revolvers they use in herding the cattle,
which at times are bey to stampede. The
artists who came here with queer seene of what
they were going to see were heartily disgusted
until they saw thi+ picturesque procession to-

 

night. They learned after they got here that the |

t' ousands of tariners who were to trek in
couldn't trek because they were too busy look-
ing after their tremendous crops and gather-
ing in their share of the general proaperity of
me that has come in the last four

Kansas City is not all made up of hotels,
theatres, barrooms and places of that kind, It
has some beautiful spots, where quiet, modest
p ople live who know nothing of politics and
care as littl’, These pleasant breathing spots
are scattered here and there, mostly on the
bluffs that line all sid»s of the city, and there is
one place that is unique This is the Grand
Boulevard, that is ten squares long and con-
tains green grass and fountains and attractive
waiks and drives all around and about it.
There are pillars and arcades, too, of Grecian
architecture, and curing this hot Sunday the
benches that line the walks were filled with
men, women and children in their best clothes,
looking as if they were all having a good time
in spite of the trouble down at the political
centres,

The delegation from Lincoln, Neb., that came
in on Saturday night with the two candidates
for Vice-President, the Hon, William Sulzer of
New York and the Hon, J. Ham Lewis of Wash-
ington, included Majah John Adams Corwin,
the veteran political writer of Chicago, and
Major Alfred Stofer of Culpeper Court House,
Va., suh, Major Stofer doesn’t mind being
taken for somebody else occasionally. At least
in 1896, when his ‘‘cheerless” leader, the Boy
Orator of the Platte, made his first trip into the
“enemy's country” and gotsleepy on the way,
the Major donned his hat, went out on the car
platform and spouted free silver to the

crowd which took him for Bryan himself.

But it’s different with meioh John Adams
Corwin, Majah Corwin isa direct descendant
of John Quincy Adams of Massachusetts. He
is a direct descendant of the famous Tom Cor-
win of Ohio, whose vote in the Republican con-
vention in 1860 nominated Abraham Lincoln for
President of the United States. Majah Corwin
naturally is proud of his ancestry,though he
never save anything aboutit. An unfortunate
mistake that happened in Lincoin has turned
him forever against the town, has made him, it
is feared, the life-long enemy of the Hon.
rian Sulzer, and in fact has broken him
allu

Ww hen Majah Corwin stepped off the trainin
Lincoln theother night,the people were looking
for the Hon, William Sulzer, Famous as Mr,
Sulzer is, and well known from end to end o
tne country, Lincoln has seen little of him, an
the people there knew ‘im only in a weneral
way. Mr. Sulzer, as every one in New York
koows, has a w ld shock of auburn hair. Mr.
Sulzer'stace is smooth. Mr. Sulzer’s form is
lank and lean and rong. Majah Corwin, asa
matter of fact, doesn't look anything like Mr.
Sulzer, except in the length of him and the
absence of whiskers, His hairis sun-kissed,
There isn't 80 much of {tas there is of Sulzer’s,
and you could part Corwin’s hair with a towel.

The Populists at Lincoln failed to notice these
differences and when Majah Corwin stepped
from the train they. gathered around him and
cheered wildly for ryan, Sulzer and victory.
The Majah at first couldn't realize what was up.
He went up the street followed by a Constantly
growing crowd that would not bo quleted,

It wasn't until somebody seized him by the
hand and addressed him as Henry Clay Sulzer
that he discovered the mistake the Populists
were making, Then Majah Corwin’s wrat
arose within him, There is no telling what
might have happened had he not at this time
reached the hotel and been able to get out
the crowd, which was yelling “ Speec! » "Epee .
speech,” at him. On the authority of Majah
Stofer it may be said that Majah Corwin was
the maddest man that ever put up at the hotel
in Lincoln.

Maiah Corwin has had a varied experience,
but this is the first time in_his life he declares
that he was ever taken for an Essex street
statesman, While the Hon, William Sulzer, of
course, had nothing to do with it, Majah Cor-
win charges it up to him and declares that
Bulger had no business to visit Bryan, at least
on the aame day that the Majah had selected to
go there.

The revelation of the Boy Orator of the
Platte as a poser for the photographer Is well
known. In a number of places in this town
there are pictures without number, showing
Bryan In every position from the time he gets
out of bed in the morning to the time he goes
to bed at night. They include pictures of him
mowing grass on the lawn, pictures of him hoe-
ing potatobs in his garden (which, by the way,
is leased to another man), pictures of him on
his buckboard driving through the country,
pictures of him on his front stoop, and pictures
of him pitching hay.

One of the pictures came out to-day relating
tothe visit of Sulzer and other distinguished
mento Lincoln. This was taken on the front
steps of Mr. Bryan's house, At the time that
{t was taken the Hon, Ham Lewis hadn't
reached there, so Sulzer had Bryan to himself.
Sulzer lined up on the left of him, Major Stofer
lined up on the other side. Now, it happened
that a wind fresh from the prairies came
whistling along at just the instant the picture
was taken, Mr. Bryan's hair was for-
tunately eslicked down. It stood the gale.
Not so with the shock of hair posse
by Mr. Sulzer or with the four sprigs of
hair that decorate the headof Major Stofer.
The wind lifted the whole bunch of Sulzer’s hair
and in the proof of tho picture, sad to relate, he
looks scared, Every individual hair stands on
end. Heis anything but the ideal Vice-Pre-i-
dential candidate while the four sprigs of hair
owned by Major Stofer, two on each side of his
hend, stand up straight and give him the ap-
peurance of a horned Mephistopheles. Every
effort will be made to suppress these pictures.
Mr. Sulzer, it is understood, regards the Inei-
dent as one of the misfortunes of his life. It
was the first and probably the last opportunity
he willever have to be photographed beside
the ‘'Cheerless leader.”

 

 

 

 

Col. Lafiln, the veteran of the Iowa delega-
tlon who comes from Ottumwa, got in to-day
and immediately attempted to administer a
black eye to the candidacy of the Hon. David
B. Hill for Vice-President. ‘‘Iowa,"’ said Col,
Lafiin, “will not stand for anybody who has
got to explain things. We want 4 man who has
nothing toexplain. Why, this man Hill, do you
know what he did? He voted for 2,000 amend-
ments to the Wilson bill, Yes, and that {sn't all,
He wrote an articl: for the Arena that it would
take a whole campaign to explain away, Oh,
ne; we can't bave any Hill in ours,”

Col. Latin, it may be explained hasn't missed
asingle Democratic Convention since 1856 and
it was remarked to-day that he looks the part
he se-med to be much depressed, just as he did
during the Cleveland episodes in national pollti-
cal life.

Something has been said in THE Sun and in
about every other newspaper in the country
about the hills in Kansas City. Something is
being said here every day by every inan from
out of town, and not allof itis printable, The
visitors from out of town, men and women,
have discovered that the calves of their legs
have become piano-like in their Ccimens‘ons,
The hills are so frequent that when you aska
man how far it is toany perinyie piace he will
say, Why. it is three hills, or four hilla or five
hills awav, For instance, the Midland Hotel is
eleven hills from the Coates House and ten
hills from the convention hall. They say the
Coates Houae here is on Spioen Kop. The con-
vention hall they speak of as San Juan Hill,
The Savoy is alluded to as Mount Bt. John,
whichis to be Sulzer’s Waterloo, and Kansas
City is generally spoken of as the Majuba Hiil
of the Democracy.

 

& It willbe absolutely necessary for the con-
vention to complete its labors before Friday
evening for the reason that Eddie Santry, the
(\icago wonder and Oscar Gardner, the Omaha
Kid are matched to fight twenty rounds on the
seime platiorm from which the Boy Orator will
deliver hs speech in the afternoon, The local
authorines are very much worried for fear that
they will not be able toget the crowd out of
the convention hallif the people learn that a
prizeficht is to take place in the evening.

 

VAN WYCK’'S BOOM,
The Judge Meets Delegates, Goes to Charch
and Shake. Hands With the Congregation,

Kansas City, July 1-—-Ex-Judge Augustus
Van Wyek and Secretary Harry W. Walker of
the Aqueduct Commission have been around
town to-day meeting Gelegates and | oliticians,
Judge Van Wyck has a well-developed Vice-
Presidential boom, To-day h* saw Mr. Croker,
ex-Senator Murphy, Chairman. Jones, Elliott
Dantorts:, chairman of the New York State Ex-
ecutive Committees, Chairman Campbeli of the
State Committee and other Democrats of note,
und many of the delegates who have arrived in
townsofar, Judge Van Wyck went to church
to-day and after the service a number of the
congregation shook hands with him. The
Southern delegates particularly are pleased
with Judge Van Wye, because his birthplace
wus south of the Mason and Dixon line. Inthe
corridor of the Midland this afternoon a big,
black-hatted and frock-coated Georgian walked
uptovudge Van Wyck and nearly wrenched
his arm.out

“Ah'd bave known, suh, that you werea
Sothner, suh, anywhere, an’, uh, ah'm sure yo’
were bo'nin Georgia.’

TheJudge couldn't claim the honor.

“aus”

.
Y

 

RARE OLD TIME BARRING UNFORT-
UNATE REMINDERS OF ICE.

The Hoi Polloi Go Over the Pennsylvania,
While the Tenderfeet Travel by the Cen-
tral—And the Loads of Drinkables on
Hand!—BDars at Each End of a Train, With
Drinking Stations at Every Seat on the
Way to Them-Liquor Enough to Float
Ships—How the Trains Were Made Up and
What Those Did Who Went Along—Real
Tammany Etiquette on Show-—Nothing to
Mar the Trip But That Everlasting Ice.

Pirtssvro, Pa. July 1—ON BoaRD THE
TAMMANY HALL SPECIAL TRAIN ON THE PENN-
SYLVANIA RAILROAD TO Kansas CiTY.—If Sun-
day school excursions had double-header bars
at each end of Pullman cars with deep, placid
streams of mingled beer and champagne flow-
ing down the aisles and here and there forming
serene eddies in state rooms and quiet nooks
where casual games of peker are on, then this
might very well be a Sunday school excursion,
It isas quiet as a church, considering. A sort of
wide-open Tammany Sabbath calm has reigned
ever since we got away from Jersey City be-
hind the regular Chicago limited a little after
10 o'clock this morning.

There has not been 60 much as the ghost of a
ekylark since we started. It is true John Mick-
ing’s bombazine coat is split up the back from
tail to the collar and that he has the remnants
lashed to his person with a trunk strap, but
that is an episode that might occur on even a
Christian Endeavor outing. In this instance it
is absolutely without political significance. John
is stouter than bombazine and when his coat
tail got caught and the train lurched the bomba-
zine gave way—that's all. The incident would
not be worth mentioning if the Alderman's
ripped-up appearance had not caused a etir in
among the members from “De Ate” when he
strolled through their car. The rumor spread
that the front end of the train was putting
champagne between mixed ale layers, and
it made some of Martin Engel's followers home-
sick. But the thing was explained.

As early as 8:30 o'clock this morning the long
gangway by the side of track 7 of the Penn-
sylvania train shed in Jersey City looked like
the packing department of a wholesale grocery,
wine, beer and liquor store. It was strewn
from one end to the other with crates, baskets,
boxes and barrels. Senator Martin had charge
of this section of the Tammany advance on
Kansas City, just as Senator Plunkitt had charge
of the tenderfoot section that started over the
New York Central an hour ahead of us this
morning. Senator Martin has risen to the
occasion in every way, and in no way has he
done himself proud more than in his broad
grasp of the question of liquid supplies.

How the tenderfeet are getting on we don't
know, but although all the bungs were knocked
out before we got to Newark and the flow has
continued steadily right on up to the present
writing wo are still fathoms removed from
shoal depths. We have two dining cars and
they were loaded down to the Plimsoll mark,
but that was only a aside issue. In addition
to the two dining cars we have six Pullman
sleepers and the vestibules and smoking com-
partments of each end of each sleeper is—well,
{t isn't a bar. Warehouse for bottled goods
is nearer the word. You climb over barrels
of bottled beer and baskets of champagne
and cases of distillery vintage, if you want
to get through them. And then at the ex-
treme front end of the train there is a sort of
general alcoholic reservoir, or Midway Plais-
ance, in the shape of a combination day coach
and baggage room.

Of course everybody had the utmost rell-
ance on Senator Martin's conscientious efforts
to head off thirst, but in a case like this when
there is a journey of 1,500 miles ahead that
{sg to end right on the borders of a prohibition
State it is well to remember that there is a
lim{t to foresight even with the best of con-
noisseurs.

The members of this excursion rose as one
man to the truth of this proposition with the
satisfactory result that each and every one
of them laid in a private canteen of his own
sufficient, under ordinary circumstances, and
barring delays, to last him until he can get
up against the Kansas City output. Just to
give an idea of how we are provided against
a drought and to allay any anxiety there may
be on the East Side on this score here are a
few items from the reserve or emergency stock
provided for the two trains:

Two dozen cases Scotch whiskey, various
cases of brandy, two dozen cases American
rye assorted, three dozen cases assorted cock-
tails, 10,000 bottles of beer, 600 bottles of ale,
1,000 quarts of champagne, 1,000 pints of cham-
pagne, two dozen cases Rhine and Mosello
wines,

You see there have been a great many alarm-
ing stories circulating of late over !n Martin
Engel’s and in Tim Sullivan's district about
what the boys were liable to run up against in
Kansas City. In the first place it is a funda-
mental article of faith on the East Side that Kan-
saa City is in Kanaas, which is popularly under-
stood to be a sort of Parkhurstian place of tor-
ment with special whisker frills of itsown. Then
again it has been said on good Democratic
authority that Kansas City per se ts a place In
the month of July that is by several degrees
sultrier than any place known or supposed to
exist In this world or the next. Now no wise
man is going to stack up against a 16 to 1 con-
vention in a place like that unless he gets there
drenched and prepared to stay drenched. That
is perhaps the reason the boys have been tack-
ling their supplies seriously to-day as an act of
severe preparation for a trying ordeal, rather
than in any spirit of festive frivolity, The
liquids have been absorbed continuously and
coplously in the line of a duty conscientiously
performed. With the same Industry contin-
ued the safety mark of saturation should be well
reached by the time we reach the Missouri
border.

There was only comparatively a small crowd
to see us off in Jersey City this morning. There
were a number of “send-offs” on Saturday night,
wherein Houston street mixed ale flowed like
water and those who did not intend to take the
train saw no necessity of carrying their en-
larged heads all the way over to Jersey City
this morning Just to see an early train get away,
The long special was backed in on track 7
a little after & o'clock and as the delegations
arrived they found their way to their plages
guided by the big placards in the car windows
—three districts to a car. There are nine cars
in the train in all. First a combination day
coach and baggage car and three sleepers, then
two dining cars; then three more sleepers, In
the first sleeper were the Thirteenth, Eleventh
and Thirty-first cistricts, Peter J. Dooling
came fwith the Thirteenth and Wiliim Dalton
and Isaac A. Hopper were the leaders booked
to go with the Eleventh and Thirty-first, but
they did not get away; so W. G. Byrne and Frank
Gerroghty took their places. In the second
sleeper were the Seventh, Fifth and Third dele-
gations. Senator J. Martin led the Fifth and
was the boss of the entire train, forthat matter,
which was under his personal supervision. His
arrangements were so perfect that everybody
found his place waiting for him and the Senator
ready to see that he got it. James W. Royle
shouldfhave led the Seventh delegation, but he
went on with the tenderfooterowd. P.J. Ryder
was at the head of the Third district party. In
the third ear back from the combination car
were the First, Second and Fourth districts with
Judge Patrick Divver and Edward Fitzpatrick
at the head of the Second and Fourth. Michael
C, Murphy was to have lead the First, but did
not appear,

In the first car back of the two dining cars
were the Twelfth, Fourteenth and Sixteenth
districts, John T. Oakley and Patrick Keenan
leading the Fourteenth and Sixteenth respect
livey. P. J. Scully did not appear to lead the
Twelfth, and Senator 8. J. Foley took his place.
In the second car behind the dining cara were
the Sixth, Eighth and Tenth districts, under
Timothy D. Sullivan, Martin Engel and Julius
Harburger respectively. In the last car were

 

 

HOE ea

MONDAY, JULY 2, 1900. .

———

the Thirtieth, Thirty-second and Thirty-third,
under Harry C. Hart, John J. Ryan and Nicholas
J. Hayes.

It was like a Quaker meeting, only moister,
for an hour after we started. Then, just before
we reached Trenton, there came the first stop.
There was nostation in ight: only the open flelds,
except close to the track loomed two enormous
ice houses. Judge Lynn was the first to break
the painful silence.

“Well, they're fine ice houses, anyway,” he
sald, “and there {s a fine frog pond fight back
of them to fill them up from.”

“That's a hell of a place to stop a Tammany
train, lined right up against a couple of ice
houses,” said a deep voice from the rear of the
car.
“What kind of ice is it?” said Senator Martin,
“hot or cold?”

“Red hot,” said the deep voice in the rear.
“Red hot American ice. How much do you
want of it?”

“All we can get,” camo a general chorus all
through the car.

And then somebody said chicken sandwiches
and there was a combined movement on the front
and rear barrooms of the car. For a time there
was a little life, and it looked as though the boys
might be going to strike their gait. But it was
only for a fleeting moment. Things settled
down to the steady humdrum even gait of the
train itself. Here and there a poker game
broke out, the monotonous popping of cham-
pagne corks went on, the cigar bores circulated.
John Wicking split his coat and buckled on his
trunk strap with the air of a man girding up
his loins for a mighty effort. Some preferred
beer and one or two boldly took Apollinaris.
Conversation flagged. A good many went to
sleep. Others read newspapers. It was plain
that the fun was still bottled up somewhere.

A little while before we reached Altoona
the ice question came up and for the time being
overshadowed all other issues. Tammany was
short on ice. At least this section of Tam-
many was short. We had started out from
Jersey City with our bunkers only partly filled,
under the impression that we would load up
again at Philadelphia. But we did not
stop a Philadelphia. We did not even go

there. We went around bythe Trenton cut-
off and our ice was getting low, It was not
a hot day either. It was a delightfully cool
day—had been from the start, Tammany
had dined in its shirt sleeves, to be sure; but
that was only a matter of etiquette, mere recog-
nition of the little conventionalities of life.
The tenderfoot division might have the most
silk stockings and kid qhovge among them,
They might have O. H. P. Belmont's special
rivate car on their train. But it did not fol-
ow from that that they had all the pink tea
yroprieties as well. When jit comes to tak-
ing a fall out of deportment there isn’t a geezer
that can give any points to the
Bowery and East Side push, laying on the real
thi in lugs, We don't drink r out of
our finger bowls, Take that on the dead level.
And it don't have to be boiling hot before we
know enough to undress for dinner.
But all the same the ice was running low.
The air was filled with gloomy rumors about
warm beer. There had got to be some ice
produced somehow: sixty cent foe: dollar ice,
any old ice, so we got ice. By the time we
reached Harrisburg the porters were handing
out measley little five-centa chunks for the poor.
The story got around that there waa a@ corner
combine somewhere on the inside, and that
the talk about a shortage in the stock was only
a scheme to bull the market. The conductor
could not promise any relief before we got to
Altoona and the committee burned out a tele-
raph wire sending rush messages to the {u-
ependent dealers. F
That is what saved us. As we drew into the
station all the way down the platform sou coule
see double rows of hand trucks loaded with
{oebergs, It looked like a cold. freezeout,
only it didn't look like that to the boys whose
tongues were already hanging out at the bare
possibility of a night run on warm beer. They
greeted each ice floe in sight with a cheer which
was the first to have the true Tammany ring
since we started, Willing hands soon had the
big blocks split up and moved away until even
the car platforms, to say nothing of the double-
header bars on both ends of the sleeping cars,
were like small Alpine glaciers. Tubs were
filled and heaped up and through the chinks
and clefts and miniature ice gorges peered the
aweaty necks of beer bottles and the corpu-
lent shapes of bottles that have golden seals
and silver seals and red labels and yellow labels
and pop and fizz when you open them. For
miles after we left Altoona porters were busy
carrying great armfuls of bottles from the in-
exhaustible reserve store to take the places
of others that were gone but not forgotten
and were the joy of the moment, And when
we reached Johnstown another flood was on
which was as remarkable in its way as the one
that wiped the town out twelve years ago this
month of May just gone
The news of our coming had reached Altoona
long in advance of our arrival, and there was @
crowd at the station to greet us, The heavy
iron railing and grating separated ws from
them, and they looked as though they were
glad to be on the other side of it when the Tam-
many tribe swept down upon the station plat-
form. The stern and conscientious efforts to
get to a safe and proper state of stability, on
which many of the party had not remitted
since we started, it was now seen had not been
wholly in vain, Some of our warriors, in fact,
had got so far along witb the job that they felt
that they might unbend to a little hilarity, and
they descended upon the natives on the outside
of the cage with a cheerful Tammany whoop
It was the first time anybody had had achance
to stretch his legs since we started, and, al-
though the stop was only long enough to change
engines and load on the range of miniature tee
mountaina that stretched along the platform,
a number of the cars were nearly emptied. The
crowd of spectators finally got stirred up enough
to cheer, and many of them boldly crowded up
quite close to the cage bars and even put their
arms through to shake hands,
Big Senator Clancy, who is well on in the
sixties, but does not look a day over 50, went
close up to the visitors and danced a pana seul
for their benefit, making a pore of rupicund
and rotund good nature and goodfellowship tn
his breezy seersucker suit, bare head and slip-
pered feet which caught at once and drew cheer
after cheer from the spectators, while John T.
Oakley joined in the dance and Senator Foley
beamed benevolently upon the little demons
stration, At Altoona also a number of
newspaper reporters appeared and they
all wanted to talk politics which was one of the
few topics which nobody had talked about or
thought about since we started. They wanted
to know If Tammany was for Sulzer--whom they
called Seltzer--and whether Tammany was at
war with Hill and whether che Wig Wam_ was
for 16 to 1 arraight or for the Chicago platform
straight, with 16 to ton the side. This way of
putting it seemed to remind some of the boys
of something and they stepped aboard the train
and had a while-you-wait drink, but othera re-
mained and did not mind talking polities with
the newspaper men, although they seemed to
think it queer the newspaper men wanted to
masa up a zood time with politics, W.P. Miteh-
ell answered a number of the questions with
a good old Jack Bunsby if-so-be-as-how-why-
not vagueness that was as genial and cour-
teous as it was innocuons,
With the new engine we took on © new con-
ductor at Altoona, Charles Cook is the con-
ductor’s name and he happened to be the living
image of William Jennings Brean, barring
the political Colonel's own exclusive property
smile, If Conductor Cook had been conduct-
ing a train of genuine sixteen-to-oneers out
Woeat somewhere, he would have had an ova-
tion, Even Tammany gave him a mild send-
off on his face and joculary referred to him
as “President.” Conductor Cook happens to
he one of the best conductors the Pennsylvania
has in its service, with all the traditional Penn-
svivania emnlovee’s courtes’ combined with
the firm hand that keens a tight grip on the
Jongest and folliest of trains such as is ours
Tammany was sorry to part with Conductor
OOK,
; we were seventeen minutes late when we
left Altoona, but by the time we reached Pitts-
bure we had made up all but seven minutes
of it with every prospect of being even with
our schedule by the time we get to Columbus,
Ohio, at a little after 1 o'clock and Indianap-
olis at 6:40 to-morrow morning. Tammany
had been to dinner by the time we reached
the Smoky City at. ® this evening, but it was
a long time until bedtime and we took on a
fresh stock of joe.

 

in their gan

TRAIN OF THE TENDERFEEFT,.

Incidents of the i ip Over the Central as Far
as Baffalo-iIce Crop Amenities,

Bu rra.o, July 1.-ON THE TAMMANY SPRCTAL
Over THE NeW York CENTRAI--A_ special
train bearing forty-seven cases of champagne,
thirty-two barrels of bottled beer, thirty-six
cases of whiskey, twenty dozen bottles of minera
water, a few odd cases of Maht wines and thel
204 delegates of the Ninth, Fifteenth, Seven-
teenth, Eighteenth, Nineteenth, Twentieth
Twenty-first, Twenty-second, Twenty-third,
Twenty-fourth, Twenty-fifth, Twenty-sixth,
Twenty-seventh, Twenty-eighth, Twenty-
ninth, Thirty-fourth, Thirty-fitth and An-
nexed Districts left the Grand Central station
at 0.10 o'clock this morning. Considering the
opportunities so bountifully presented there
was little commingling of the liquid and the hu-
man freight between New York and Buffalo.
One or two of the minor persons of the dele-
gation not hardened to the vicissitudes of the
occasion became somnolent as the day wore
on and asked for pillows on which to lay their
weary heads. All this inaction was most dis-
pleasing to Coroner Antonio Zucea, who, hime

 

EEE —
— — A

 

 

self the most temperate of men, desires above
all things to see those about him in good spirits.

“Is this a Christian Endeavor picnic?” he
asked ex-Sheriff Dunn. “Was it a travelling
prayer meeting?”

The Sheriff winked his twinkling eye and said
only:

“Wait, darlin’, wait; it’s the calm before the
storm, I'm thinkin’.”

Counsellor Nolan lifted his six feet to its ful
height and shook a menacing finger under the
Sheriff's nose.

“Tom,” he said, “I bear yez no ill will, me
boy, but I'll tell ye now, that the first son of a
gun to throw a boot in this car after 1 go to me
bed this night will be projected into the circum-
ambient landscape.”

Capt. James K. Price of the Grand Central
station police made a prophecy as the train
started that all this sobriety and peacefulness
strikingly fulfilled. The captain had been
teasing Senator Plunkitt about the prospective
defeat of the Kansas City ticket. Along carne
Coroner Zucca,

“George,” said Price to the Senator,
funeral can goon, The Coroner has come.”

The departure of the train from the Grand
Central station was enlivened by the Twenty-
second district's brass band. The band camo
to the station with a committee headed by
George Hernidge, the champion cooker of
beefsteak dinners who carried a placard read-
ing:

“Good Luck to the Twenty-second and All
the Other Districts,”

Mr. Hernidge, with a cigar in the corner of
his mouth and beating vertical time with the
pole that bore the placard and stepping in the
elementary prances of acakewalk, was an object
affording great joy to all beholders. The fare-
well committee brought a floral horseshoe
which was placed tenderly in the hands of Com-
misstoner Lantry, who put {t in a section all by
itself in the corner of the car.

General Passenger Agent Daniels of the Cen-
tral was at the station to give his own eye a
chance to see that the delegation was started
properly for Kansas City. He sent one of bis
assistants, Mr. Webb, with the party to be ready
to meet any emergencies that might come up,
and also Mr. McKee, the head of the Central's
dining car service, Both of these men will go
with the delegation to Kansas City. Mr. Mc-
Kee was prepared with a pafticularly heavy
stock of supplies to meet the requirements
of the Tammany appetite, but he was aghast
when he saw the guests eat at the first meal.

“Thank Heaven, we have enough,” he eaid,
“for they'll eat it all.”

There were two dining cara on the train.
Besides these there were eight sleeping cars,
a baggage car and a private car attached to
the end of the train and occupied by O. H. P.
Belmont. Mr. Belmont had with him a num-
ber of friends, among them Deputy Leader
John F. Carroll and Mr. Henry Cary, who |s
the managing editor of the picture paper that
Mr. Belmont supports. At meal hours it is
Mr. Belmont’s custom to Invite various favored
members of the delegation to share his humble
repasts in the private car. Those who have
received these invitations have been looked
upon by the rest with areatrespectandenvy. It
{s really remarkable how much of an air a
man can assume in answering the question
“Going to eat, Mike?” by jerking his thumb
toward the end of the train and saying:

“Naw, Johnny, I'm going back to the special.”

The official Tammany badges for the dele-
gation will not be distributed until to-morrow,
They are said to be wondrously beautiful
Most of the delegates vame aboard the train
with a buttonhole badge that the Tammany
folks thought was very appropriate and taste.
ful until the mischievions Tom Dunn planted
doubts in their breasts. There were tigers’
heads and the size of a half-dollar moulded
in relief. They were made of bronze, the color
of old gold, The train was hardly fairly started
before the former Sheriff started down the
aisles asking everybody he met, with the ut-
most gravity, whether {it was exactly wise
for Tammany to make use of anything so
frankly golden {n colors. The Western dele-
gates would be sore enough on the Tammany

“the

crowd, he said, without having gold thrust |

in their faces. Dunn's friends looked at him
and looked at one another and said:

‘By Jiminy, that’s right, Tom.”

By the time the train reached Albany there
was aoarenrs a tiger badge to be seen.

Senator Plunkitt heaved a great sigh of
relief when the ae pune out of the Grand
Central Station, The Senator has had so mucn
experience as a manager of special train trips
that he is a good deal of a passenger agent
himself. The engineer and the conductor
had been told to look to him as boss and to
follow his orders to the letter, If the Senator
can possibly bring it about he intends that
this train will roll into Kansas City at half-
past 10 o'clock to-morrow nia@ht. The railroad
people have agreed to get it there before mid-
night, but the Senator says that if he is really
the boss it will be there much sooner, Besides
the rather easy task of keeping his own dele-
gation happy and out of mischief he has been
skipping the whole length of the train at inter-
vals all day long, answering questions and
giving instructions.

Some of the delegates, prompted by bitter

experience on previous occasions under
less efficient management, brought clong
great quantities of cold victuals, President

Haffen of the Bronx proved to be a whole
delicatessen store in himself. He produced
out of a medium sized black bag that was ap-
parently built on the principle of the widow's
cruise, boxes of cigars, small bottles of
whiskey, baked chickens, bottles of pickles
and tongue sandwiches. His metbod of dia-
tributing the chicken was as peculjar
asit Was effective. He simply took a good
grip on oppoete sides of the fowl and tore it
limb fromlimb and bone from bone; he then
distributed the fragments about the car in the
courtliest and most generous manner

Nobody on the train was serious minded
enough totalk polities except Mr. Belmont. Mr.
Belmont rather hopes that the co vention will

not go into the silver question — speci-
fleally, but will slide out of the
question by tneldentally. remarkin that
it reaffirms the Chicago platform. Mr Heimont

hates the horrid trusts and their attempt to
enslave the pitiful Filipinos and he talks with
great fulness and emphasis about these topics.

The nearest approach to anything like politi-
cal conversation by the rest of the passengers
on the train was in the syracuse railroad station,
Nearly everybody in the train had climbed
out to stretch hia legs and look at
the Syracuse reporter who was copying
down the inscription ‘Tammany Hall Delega-
tion,’ from the side of the Central car. There
was a clatter at the upper end of thestationand
six handcars loaded with ice came trundiing
allabreast down upon the train. They were
for the replenishment of the ice water tanks
in the cars, but they looked like a deliberate in-
sult tothe Tammany statesmen. Many of them
said that it was not the way Syracuse, the home
of the undertaker, shouid greet the New York
wondered whether it
might pot be a put-up job, There
were those who were of the opinion
that the despieable thing might have been
arranged by the Republicans just to make Mr.
Carroll and the rest feel bad. Certainly u
ice and the -ight of it worked upon. Mr Car-
roll's teelings unfavorably, it isasad wip for
him. In the plattorms, dressing rooms and
the dressing rooms inside the doors of the cara
there were crates, tube, boxes and barrels, all
of them overflowing with ice, from which pro-
truded the necks of bottles, There was scarcely
room between the boxes ana berrels for the
passengers to move from one car to another

There was only one unpleasant incident dur-
ing the whole trip. At Albany a small negro
carrying a fine green leather sult case an
silver handlea umbrella swung into the train
and made tor the dressing closet of the
negro porter of the car Piymouth. He took out
the porter’s white duck jacket and slipped it
on, seized a whise broom and began working
around the car, None of the passengers no-
ticed him, but the eagle eye of the Pullman
conductor took him in just as the train was
leaving Albany, He wentupto the negroand
asked whence he came. “ain't nove of your
business,’ answered the nezro, “Ain't 1 work-
tng hard enough to suit you?’

the eonductor grabbed him and hustled
nun firward to the baggage car, where
is was kept under the care of a
brakeman The negro said that his
name was Chris Wright and that he belonged
in Buffalo, ond was trying to wet home
free It was the opinion of the Puliman
conductor, however, that the voung nan mea it
to watch his opportunity to go throumh tre
train, making a collection of auch articles of
value asthe Tammany men might leave tying
around loose, Wright strenucusly denied any

Democracy, and

such purpose, and faithfully promised to
vote lor the Democratic ticket if
only the delewation would Jet him stay

withthens until they reached Bulfalo. Eugene
Comiskey and a number of others gathered
around bin and tried to make bim turn pale by
telling of the awful things that were to be done
to him when the train reached Utica. There
was a conference among the party leaders
that de ided that Tammany could better afford
fo have Mr. Brean lose Wright's vote than pit
could afford to lose its hand bageage by keep-
inv himon the train. He wus turned loose at
Utica, He did not stop to proteat his inno-
cence any further, He ran as if the devil him-
self was after him.

The train reached Buffalo at 9:30 o'clock, one
hour behind time. Among the passengers on

    
 

Sn

a iil,

  

|
|

“Tce cream soda underwear”
we call it; ‘“fdeal for summer
wear” it is termed in the medical
profession. The only under.
wear we know of that bears the
endorsement of the United States
Health Board.

A really comfortable and
healthful summer underwear ig
a rare bird, but we've caught it—
only bad thing about it is its
name “Aertex Cellular.” Hard
to remember.

Don't forget that in Summer
it’s often permissible for men to
wear nothifig over their shouk
ders but their shirts.

Negligee shirts that look well
under these circumstances.

$1 to $s.

Rogers, Peet & Company,

256 Broadway, cor. Warren,
and 7 and 9 Warren Su

660 Broadway, cor. Prince,

1260 broadway, cor. 32d,
and 54 West 33d St.

We fill ordere
by mail,

     

 

7 a

the train were Commissioner John W. Kelley,
spdge George M. Van Hoesen, Daniel
McMahon, T. C. O'Sullivan, Assistant Dis-
trict Attorney Osborne, ex-Inspector McAvoy,
Capt Louis Wendell, Coroner Antonio Zucca,
I! F Murray, TC Tt. Crane, Deputy Commins
sioner of Sewers Donoliue, Daniel J, Barry,
ex-Sheriff Tom Dunn, Senator Grads , Congres
man George B. MeClelian, President Haf-
feo of the borough of ‘The Bronx, Corporation
Counsel Whalen, Counselior John Nolan, John
Me Mahon, City Magistrate Zeller, Councilman
Frank J, Goodwin, Park Commissioner Moebus,
Street Cleaning Coumiss oner Nagle, Publio
Works Conatssioner Holahan, Corrections
Commissioner Lantry, Lighting and Supplies
Commissioner Keating and Charles Mur; hy

In the stateroom of the first car all’ the
afternoon sat John F. Carroll, Charities Com-
| Inissioner John W. Keller, Police Commissioner
| John B. Scxton, Street Cleaning Couunissioner
Fer Nagie and Vincont Sjattery of the firm
of Horgan & Slattory, around a temporary
| table, They were telling fortunes or at

— $$ ——— ee ee

least they had a pack of cards and seemed very
much interested in the combinations of
groups of jive cards, ‘The story the cards told
seemed, superficially, to be satisfactory to
every one of the purty except Mr, Sexton,

who every litthe while. in answer to a
‘request from the others for an opinion
exclained “That'® no good," yet strangely

enough tho story thatthe cards told was that
Mr. Sexton would have every oceasion to enjoy
bimself at Kansas City and that he would have
evervihing there that money could buy. For
Mr. Slattery: however, the cards related a story
which coincided very well with the sad story of
the vicissitudes of his architeerural firm was told
in the bankruptey court some time ago. There
were many packs of cards on the train, Inone
atthe parties that Was using them iio was
observed that whenever the train phinged into
atunnel, Mr Sexton lighted a match and kept
it burning until the tunnel was passed,
| “Funny aint it,’ he suid, “that Lean't keep a

|

clear hebted

The lesser members of the organization who
cluste,ed in the doors of the stateroom ob-
served Mr Sexton and gravely a sured one
another that he was a ‘Casey boy” and deserved
all he got. There was much diversion with
eards on the train. In one of the parties
Was @ court policeman, well known for his
genia! manner of sccel*rating the machinery of
justicen With him oat leader George F.
i Scannell, the Tammanny lJeader in the
! Twenty-fAfth Assembly district, Mr. Scan-
| nell plays hearts with the accuracy
of a computing machine The poifceman

held hand aiter band that caused him, ashe
| gathered up his cards. t) survey them with
| smiles of proud a: ticipation, Time after time
| Mr, Scannell turned the smiles to grief and
wrath At last the polle man rose in his wrath
and displayed his bidee

“The next tim? ihat happens,” he said,
‘I'm going to pinch the game and
turn you all over to the Syracuse police,
No distri tt) leaders got any pull there
and this (pointing to the badge) goes anywhere
in the State of New York.”

After that Mr. Scannell saw that the polloe-
man lost just twice as often as before.

 

 

 

TOWNFE'S FRIENDS ARE ACTIVE,
His Headquarters at the Coates House a Scene
of Bustie All Day Sanday.

Kansas City, July 1.—The friends of ex-Con-
gressman Charles A. Towne, the candidate for
Vice-President of the Sioux Falls Populiste,
were active to-day. The headquarters of Mr.
Towne in the Coates House was a scene of
bustle all day. Mr. Towne himself spent much
of the morning atthe Hotel Savoy with Senator
Pettigrew of South Dakota, and the possibili-
ties of Mr. Towne’s candidacy being indorsed
by the Democriuts a8 well as by the Silver Re-
publicans were discussed,

Later Mr. Towre met Dr. Howard S. Taylor
and Eugene Smith, two Chicago Populists. At
Mr. Towne’s request Dr. Tavior has written @

em entitled “Independence Bell,’’ which {s to

e read after the prayer opening the conven-
tion of the National Silver Republican party.
This afternoon Mr,Towne and Gen, Corser
spent some time wtth Col, Van Horn of Kansas
City, who was in Congress with Mr, Towne,
In discussing David _B. Hill's visit to Col,
Bryan at Lincoln Mr. Towne said the occasion
was significant.

 

MAINE DELEGATION ORGANIZES.

 

They Meet in Chicago and Select Arthur
Sewall as National Committeeman.

Cnrcaco, July 1.--Arthur Sewall, W. J. Bryan's
running mate in 1896, was selected as National
Democratic Committeeman from Maine at a
meeting of the Maine delegation to the Demo=
cratic National Convention to-day at the Great
Northern Hotel. The Maine delegation af-
rived in Chicago early this morning. At noon
the delegation met and organized. Melvin P,
Frank of Portland was chosen chairman of the
delegation and Arthur Sewall National Com-
mitteeman. The regular committer. were also
selected, Fred W.Praisted of Ausi-ia, delegate
at large, said that Maine has no choice for Vices
President, and stands for the reaffirmation of
the Chicago platform. He said, however, that
the trust and imperialiam Issues would greatly
overshadow the money question in the came
palgn,

 

=

The Best Equipped |
Distillery in the U. S.

produces the

OLD
CROW
RYE

It has “that fine spring
of water,” the best of
grain, and the James
Crow HAND - MADE
SOUR MASH formula.
It has a pedigree. You
don’t have to guess as
to what it is composed of

  
     
  

    
   

)
- Pg

REGS TcAeD
aaa
Meluees Averri9 dur em

 

ee ee