~

SS ce

2p) —
7 F

 

Sun.

MONDAY, JULY 2, 1900.

Subscriptions by Mall, Postpaid.

DAILY, per Month...... sncecnsoees
DAILY, per Year..
SUNDAY, per Year
DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Year tone
DAILY AND SUNDAY, per Month,........+: 70
Postage to foreign countries added.
Tux SUN, New York City.

PARIS—Kiosque No. 12, near Grand Hotel, and
Klosque Nu. 10, Boulevard des Capucines.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

    
 
 
 
 

If our friends who favor us with manuscripts for
publication with to have rejected articles returned. they
must in ali cases send stamps for thal purpose

aed

$$

 

The American Boxers.

According to a despatch printed in THE
Sun, certain Texas Democrats have learned,
to their displeasure, thet Col, Bryan wants
to stick into the Kansas City platform a
resolution rebuking the Administration
for using the military and naval forces
of the United States to protect American
citizens in China. That stanch Bryanite,
the Hon, Richarp Croker, has also ex-
pressed indignation at the course of the
Administration in China.

Col. BRYAN and Mr Croker are treading
on very dangerous ground.

The Bryanites have got into the habit
of taking sides against their own country,
They have been for AGUINALDO in his war
against the United States. Apparently
they are now getting ready to attack the
Administration for trying to save American
Mfe and property in China,

The Bryanites have been carrying their
partisanship to an unpatriotic extreme,
They forget the United States and see only
a Republican Administration, incapable,
in their view, of doing right. But the
majority of the American people, and even
of the Democratic party, will back up the
Administration in protecting the lives and
interests of American citizens in China
and everywhere else. The Boxers aro
united ugainst all foreign devils; and for
the time being the foreign devils are com-
pelled to unite aguinst the Boxers

The Medicine Must Be Taken.

The Democrats of Illinois ‘‘do hereby
reaffirm and indorse in whole and in all its
parts, in letter and spirit,’ the Chicago plat-
form. Astrong enough oath of allegiance
to free silver, government by injunction
and the income tax. Yet there are silver
trimmers who think that the Il!inois decla-
ration js a sop to the Gold Democrats and
the East; and there are said to be Gold
Democrats and Eastern trimmers who are
willing to take the sop gratefully

Anybody that has sufficient will to believe
can believe anything; and it may be that
there are Gold Democrats who are capable
of persuading themselves that a reaffirma-
tion of the Chicago platform in whole and
in part does not reaffirm it unless there is a
specific separate reaffirmation of each most
objectionable part of it.

If there are such persons, they can swal-
low anything; and it is no wonder that they
gulp down anti-imperialism greedily.

Free silver, free riot and the income tax
will have to be voted for by every man who
votea the Democratic ticket. ‘The BRYAN of
1896 has not been submerged in, the BRYAN
of AGUINALDO and of the Octopus.

 

The Passing of the Prize Money.

The recent decision of the United States
Court of Claims in the matter of the claim
of Rear Admiral Sampson for bounty
money for the destruction of CERVERA'S
fleet is another step toward the final wind-
ing up of all claims for prize and bounty
money, and so far as our Navy is concerned,
the relegation of the names of those famous
naval rewards to the reference Looks.

Prize money was given to naval officers
and men by the laws of the United States
for almvst exactly ninety-nine years. Tho
first law on the subject was that of April
23, 1800; the last was that of March 8, 1899,
the Naval Personnel act. The first act al-
lowed prize money, the second abolished it.
Bounty money, or head money, for the de-
struction of an enemy's fleet or ship, was
allowed for about the same length of time;
the Personnel act abolished it as well
as prize money. Of course, claims arising
previous to the passage of the act were
not affected by it, and Admiral Samp-
gon’s claim arose just eight months before
all future claims were barred. Very little
remains for the various prize courts to do
before the prize money and the bounty
money earned during the Spanish war will
be distributed; and with the last of the
money handed to the last applicant, one of
the historic rules and customs of the Navy
will become obsolete,

No historian of our Navy seems to have
taken up the subject of prize and bounty
Money. Yet there was a good deal of prize
money to be had at various times. Four
years of the Civil War produced at least
$25,000,000 to be divided between the
Government and the Navy. Even the
bounty money afforded some chance to
get wealth, though at twenty dollars a head
the supply was not so large as it was after
the Congress in 1864 made the amount one
Sundred dollars, or two hundred dollars if
the force destroyed was larger than the
force doing the destruction. But what
amounts were won seem not to have been
published

The increase in bounty money made by
the Act of June 30, 1864. the act under which
all subsequent prize money was awarded,
came too Jate in the Civil War to be profit-
able to many ojffivers and men. Since its
passage the only really large sums of money
were those arising from the Spanish war—
the $200,000 awarded to Dewry and his men
for the Manila Bay battle, and the $166,700
awarded by the recent court decision to
BamPson's fleet for the battle off Santiago.

These sums, large as they are, do not
compare with prize moneys gained by the

British Navy in the last century. Prize |

money in that navy seems to have partaken
of the character of our bounty money; for
the largest sums came from the capture of
cities and ships. The prize money given
for the capture of Havana in 1782 amounted
to £735 000, or more than $3,500,u00, Of this
amount the Admiral and the General re-
ceived each £122,607, 10 shillings and 6
pence. A Captain's share was £1,600, while
each marine and sailor got £3, 14 shillings
and 9 pence halfpenny.

The largest amount of prize money
was given for the capture of two Spanish
vessels, the Santa Brigida and the Thetis,
by four British vessels in October, 1799; it
amounted to £600,000, as the ships captured
were ‘‘treasure ships.” Each Captain got
£40,730; each Lieutenant got £5,991; each
warrant officer £2,468; each Midshipman
drew £791, and each sailor and marine re-
ceived £182, 4 shillings and again 9 pence

Te ete alae ee ee

| halfpeany. In view of these amounts {t | impossibility in a Gilbertian play.

does not seem strange that one of the
demands of the mutineers of 1797 had been
for a fairer division of prize money.

Priz» money in the United States Navy
has been divided in much the same way
from the beginning. In the War of 1812
one-half of the money went to the United
States: the commanding officer of the captor
| wot three-twentieths, two-twentieths went
| to the Lieutenants and sailing masters, two-
twentieths to the marine officers, Surgeons,
[ Eavaars, warrant officers and Chaplains,

three-twentieths to the Midshipmen and
| warrant officers’ mates, a like amount to the

gunne:sand chief petty officers, and seven-
twentieths to the rest of the crew. By the
Act of June 30, 1864, some slight changes
were made in the various ratios, If the
prize was less powerful than the captor, one-
half was still set aside for the United States;
if of equal or greater force, the net pro-
ceeds were divided among the captora. The
fleet commander received one-twentieth of
the amount to be divided, and a squadron
commander one-fiftieth; the fleet Captain
received one-hundredth, in addition to his
possible share as Captain commanding a
vessel. The Captain of a vessel forming
part of a fleet received one-tenth; if acting
alone, he received three-twentieths; all the
rest of the money was divided among offi-
cers, crew and marines in proportion to the
pay of each of them,

Possibly that division did not appear to
be the fairest practicable—to the sailors
and marines; yet it was based on the ratio
of responsibility among the crew of the
captor. Now, even that has been abolished,
and hereafter our sailors will fight without
the "Dutch courage" of prize money to
urge them on. That they will fight as well,
we do not doubt.

 

A Lion of the Terrapins.

The Hon, A. Lso Knott, a Maryland dele-
gate to the Democratic National Convention,
has written a long and pleading letter to
Col. IRyan, Distrusting, doubtless, the
safety of the mails catried by an imperialist
Government, Mr. Knorr publishes his
epistle in the Baltimore Sun, upon whose
timid Mugwump gizzard it will have more
effect than it will have upon the Colonel.

The Hon A. Leo Knorr describes hinwelf
as ‘'the friend and advocate of silver par
ercelle ve,’ but he wants the Colonel to call
back the backsliders of 1896 by ‘ so modify-
ing the expression of the silver issue and by
sosubordinating its relative importance to
the pa. amount and overwhelming issues in-
volved inthe trusts and the military and
imperial policies of McKinury and the
Republican party as will invite their
return.’

The Hon, A. Leo Knorr pleads for mod-
eratio’., Evidently he needs some, for he
says that “we will [shall] soon hear from
the Kepublican party the acclamation
Ave, C-#8aR!" and he is convinced that the
trusts ‘‘will speedily reduce the great
masses of the people to a condition of serf-
dom nore cruel, oppressive and unrelent-
ing than the institution of negro slavery
ever was.” He solemnly believes that
“upon the result of the next Presidential
election depends the preservation of our
free + publican institutions; that if McK1n-
LEY and the Republican party are success-
ful, these institutions will disappear and
mankind will be deprived of their benefi-
cent Influence; that a great military repub-
lie wil! first take their place, to be followed
quickly by an empire."’ Possessed by these
devils the Hon, A. Lko Knorr is willing to
make some slight sacrifices of principle for
the sake of getting help to fight them.

But what sort of patriots and men are
those half-hearted Gold Democrats who are
scared by trusts and !mperialism and yet
ask to have their sensibilities soothed by
makinz the Kansas City platform not too
flercely insistent as to silver? Why are
they twiddling their fingers while C.zsaR {a
| putting on his rubber boots at the brink of
; the Ribicon? Is anybody going to quarrel
| about the language of a platform when the
party of that platform is the only buffer
, against serfs and empires. If trusts and
| imperialism were as dreadful as the Hon,
A, Leo Knorr paints them, no Gold Demo-
!

crat would stop to split hairs about the
Chicago piatform.

We rreafrald that the Hon. A. LEoKnotr
is no devouring lion, but just a plain

every-day Asinus,

 

Mr. W.S. Gilbert His Own Pooh Bah,

London is enjoying a new burlesque by
Mr. W, S. Gi.pent, which surpasses in
funniness any of his former productions,
but which is not likely to be performed

| elsewhere. It is wholly Mr. GILBERT’s own
work, for he has supplied not merely the
plot aud the words, but the musio as well
and most of the acting. In his previous
works Mr. GILBERT has shown up all sorta
of people for the public to laugh at, police-
men, pirates, the Lord High Chancellor, the
ruler of the Queen's navee. This time he
exhibi's himself.

Mr. GILBERT, as we all know, is an Eng-
lishman. He might have been a Briton, or
a Gaelo-Brito-Scot, or a Chamberlainian,
or whatever the collective word may be,
but bo has resisted the temptation and

| remained a semi-insular Englishman. He
| is gifted, as we likewise know, with a high-
| mettled temper and a British brusqueness
of manner, which have procured him the
pleasure of being pilled by various clubs
which had him on the list, and which put an
untimely end to his golden collaboration with
that mildest of men, Sir ARTHUR SULLIVAN,
to the distinct loas of the innocent and
| wholesome amusements of the world. He
' has been managing recently the revival of
two of his early plays, “Pygmalion and
Galatea’ and “ Comedy and Tragedy” and
differed with the leading actress, Miss
| STEER, about the stage business. He,
therefore, made use of his privilege as an
' Englishman and wrote a letter to the Times
| disclaiming all responsibility for Miss
STKER's acting of her parte. The letter
| might have been written by Mr, WHISTLER
in an amiable mood. It appeared on the
morning of the first performance, and was
distinctly what the English call ‘‘nasty,’’ a
‘term for which we have no American
| equivalent
The next day Mr. GILBERT received a
| “nasty one" himself. The critics with one
accora praised Miss STEER'S acting, some
| even declaring that she alone had saved
| the performance, On the other hand, they
all, some politely and with hesitation,
others much more plainly, intimated that
the plays were antiquated and that the
| jests of twenty-five years ago fall pretty
flat on the London of 1900. Furthermore,
in an interview Miss STEER explained that
she thought it was all a matter of hair.
The young woman who took the part of
Cynieca had natural yellow hair of her own,
and Mr. GILBERT insisted that Mise STEER,
as Galatea, should wear a wig of a different
color, for, of course, two yellow-haired
| actresses On the stage at once would be an

ner

THE SUN,

  
  

 
   

~~ mah >

MONDAY

| STEER thought a black-haired Galatea | own opinion, but not impressive in point of
would be even more impossible and stuck to | numbers.

a
SSS

 

her golden locks. Though he had washed
his hands of the stage management in his
letter to the Times, Mr. GrupeRt, on the
day after the performance, wrote this letter
to Mies STEER:

“MADAM: I further understand that last night you
materially altered the * business’ as arranged by me
andas it was played under my direction by Mra
KENDAL, Mis ANDERSON, Miss ROSE LECLERCQ,
and, indeed, by every other lady who has played
Galatea under my stage Management during the last
twenty-eight years.

“T must ask you to advance and kneel in front of
Cynisea from her left and not from her right—to
throw yourself on your knees in front of her and
(without making any exclamation) {9 fall at Cynisca's
feet at the end of her speech, and not on any
account to cross to Pygmalion, or, indeed. to do any
‘business’ which was not arranged at rehearsal.
It you do not comply with my wishes in these respects
I give you notice that on Monday I shall apply for an
injunction to prevent your playing the plece, or other-
wise as I may be advised. lam, &e.,

“W. S. GILBERT.”

“Grim’s DyKR, HARROW WRALD, June 8."

As the performance went on despite his
Pooh Bah thunder, Mr. GrLBert from the
same Ruddigorean place next day wrote
another letter:

“MADAM: T understand that you Interpolated
several exclamations last night while Miss REPTON
was delivering ber important speech at the end of
the second act of ‘Pygmalion and Galatea,’ thereby
greatly impatring the effect of that speech and caus-
ing it to be indistinct and confused. As this was not
done at rehearsal, I had no clue to your !ntention, or
I should have cautioned you before this. As ‘t fs, I
must direct your attention to the necessity of keeping
silence during the delivery of the very important
speech In question.

“As, unfortunately, experience has taught me that
a mere request of mine is not likely to receive much
consideration at your hands, I have Instructed Miss
REPTON how to deal with the difficulty shoulditagain
arise, My instructions to her are to stop short «tthe
first interruption, and to remain silent until that {nter-
tuption has ceased—then to begin agnin—and should
the Interruption be repeated again to stop until the an-
noyance ceases altogether, lam, &c.,

“W. S. GILBERT.”

He had written no more letters when the
last mail steamer sailed, but he carried out
his threat and, probably not by the advice
of his solicitor, used another of his privileges
as an Englishman by applying to the courts
for the redress of his wrongs. Unluckily, it
was an injunction he wanted and for an in-
junction he must apply to the Court of
Chancery. Now, it will be remembered that
years ago Mr. GILBERT showed up the Lord
High Chancellor's family affairs in a manner
embarrassing to that functionary. That
may account for the news by cable that the
application for an injunction has been re-
fused. He can have little hopes from an
appeal to the House of Lords, for the peers
of England have likewise been the victims
of his satire.

Mr. GILBERT, we fear, will have to devise
his own punishment to fit Miss STEER's
crime. Something lingering it must be.
Perhaps a daily letter during the remainder
of the run of the play.

 

The Tugboat Life Savers.

In the distressing narrative of Saturday’s
unparalleled fire on ships and shore there
was nothing more painful than the reports
here and there of mercenary behavior on
the part of tugboat captains and others who
had the chance to save life,

If any charge of that sort is founded on
fact, we believe that it would resolve itself
on thorough investigation either into a case
of failure to recognize at once the emer-
gency and the duty of the moment, or into
a case of downright abnormality.

In any large number of men in any oceue
pation anywhere in the world there fs
asmall proportion of the slow-witted who
do not really mean to do wrong, just as
there is asmall proportion made of the stuff
that becomes criminal under temptation.

But any such isolated instance of stupid
or inhuman greed loses prominence, and cer-
tainly loses its apparent significance, in the
sunlight of the story of persistent, heroic
and disinterested effort on the part of the
New York watermen generally on Saturday
evening in their heroic fight against fire and
death along the North River.

Kicking Against the Pricks.

Some of the Democrats who fought the
Chicago platform in their National Conven-
tion of 1896 and voted for Bryan sulkingly
or under protest, are now laboring to have
the Kansas City Convention content itself
with a formal and general reaffirmation of
the Chicago platform without a speciflo
declaration for free allver at the ratio of
16 to 1, The H1Lis and the Gormans, all
tho sly and subterranean brood, are trying
to mine the platform of 1898.

Some of the Democrats who bolted Bryan
are now crazy for the old familiar seat near
the front of the platform. They are button-
holing and entreating.

The “conservatives who are trying to
turn back a radical party have a hopeless
task before them,

 

Our Foreign Population.

In the July number of the North American
Review Mr. MicnariG, MULHALL makes a
forecast of this year’s census of the United
States, in which he estimates a population
for us of about 76,200,000, or an increase in
twenty years of 52 per cent.:

 

1BBO.. ccc ceeee sees» 50,166,000 Increase 11,596,000
1699 +«+-62,622,000 Increase 12,466,000
1900, ..creeeee ereeee 76,200,000 Increase 18,578,000

Mr. MULHALL assumes that the number of
foreigners in the United States will be only
10,160,000, as against 9,250,000 in 1890, though
the arrivals of immigrants since the last
census will be as many as 3,543,000.
What has become of the remainder? He
estimates the deaths inthe ten years among
the total of foreigners, including those al-
ready here and the new arrivals, to have been
1,550,000, This leaves 1,083,000 unaccounted
for, but he accounts for them by explaining
that they have left this country. ‘' For one
hundred settlers who died in the United
States during the thirty years down to 1890,"
Mr. MULHALL points out, ‘‘no fewer than
seventy left the Union to go elsewhere—
in other words, only three-fifths of settlers
die inthe Union.”

Of the immigrants, the Irish exhibit the
most enduring attachment to this country,
only 18 per cent. of them having left during
the last thirty years, to 14 per cent. of
Germans and 83 per cent. of British.

Mr. MULHALL points out also the signifi-
cant fact that the foreign population consti-
tutes a declining ratio of the whole, and
that in spite of the tendency among the
Irish and Germans to remain in the country
the decline i6 most marked among
those nationalities. Together they consti-
tuted more than 56 per cent. of the foreign-
born in 1890, but now he puts themat no
more than 43 per cent. This table of the
probable statistics of the foreign-born in
1900 as compared with the census of 1800
shows striking changes:

 
   

  

1890, 1900,
GerMans....ccsccccceererercee 2,785,000 2,610,000
TT, cece eee cee sees 1,672,000 1,780,900
British . 0.0008 see 1,251,000 1,245,000
Scandinavians..............6 938,000 1,040,000
Russians and Poles... ss0.. 340,000 700,000
AUSUANB. eee c cece teen ee teens $04,000 670,000
TRAHAN vecesecsserceceeenseees 143,000 £65,000
French.... 113,000 120,090
Swiss.....008 104,000 110,000
Chinese .. 107,000 110,000
Duteh ooenerere 81,000 90,000
Canadians, &C....seeeeeeese 1,187,000 1,020,000

evesee 0,250,000

 

 

TOHRBLs cecsccoscvereers 10,160,000

Of the population, 14.8 per cent. was for-
eign-born in 1800. According to these esti-
mates, the percentage will fall to 13.4 in 1900,
The conclusion which Mr, MULHALL draws
from his estimates and from the probable
decline of immigration hereafter is that ‘‘in
the middle of the next century the foreign
element will form relatively only a small
portion of the American people.”

A Democrat in this town writes to usas follows
reapecting the Hon. Grorak B. MCCLELLAN of
the Twelfth Congress district:

“Congressman MCCLELLAN, who Is being ardently
supported by a numberof Democrats for the nomina-
tion for Vice-President onthe ticket with BRYAN,
happens to be a native of Dresden, in the Empire of
Germany, and is therefore (Ineligible under the United
States Constituuion.”

Not by arr means. Mr. McCLELLAN was born
in Dresden, it fs true, but it does not follow that
he is therefore ineligible for the Presidency,
and consequently for the Vice-Presidency. The
Constitutional requirement ts that the President
shall be a “natural born eltizen,”’ that is to
say, not @ naturalized citizen. Certainly Mr.
McCLELLAN {fs not a naturalized citizen. The
mere accident of the presence of his parents in
Saxony, as traveuing American citizens, at the
time of his birth did not destroy his Inherited
rights or make hin a Saxon,

If there was no other obstacle than this in the
way of the Hon, Gronok B. McCLELLAN'S
boom, ie would be nominated at Kansas City.

The Hon, Jonn MOCaRrtTuHy of the Onondaga
Reservation, in comparison with whom all
other silver men are only plated and all other
Bryan men are lukewarm, has done a great
deed of self-sacrifice. He has declined to be a
candidate for Vice-President. ‘‘I would rather
be undertaker than Vice-President,” he saya
in an appropriate|y Governmental phrase. He
is content to think and to direct in Syracuse
and to fill the country with Bryan and Siiver
circulars. He ouxht to be the chairman of the

Democratio National Committee.
A LS LETTE

MODERN 100 CABINS.

 

Made in This City to Be Set Up in the Woods
and on the Mountains,

Log cabins might seem an odd sort of thing to

be an article of manufacture and sale, but such

Will the convention | they are, nevertheless, and they are made right

| not sacrifice a little to the conservatism of | herein New York city, They are one of many

ee er ——

their highly reapectable persons? Willit not
build a gangway on which they can tumble
back into the Democratic ark without get-
ting their precious feet wet?

And there are the professional anti-im-
perialists, kicking their heels against the
wharf and snuffling and waving their um-
brellas violently. Will the Democratic party
please send a boat and take the poor dear
souls off and not force them to plunge and
sprawl through the silver waves?

The Democrats who believed, with an
honest conviction and an honorable, though
mistaken, enthusiasm, in Bryan and silver
in 1896 believe in Bryan and ailver in 1900;
and they are the Democratic party, its con-
acience, ita conviction, all but a negligible
percentage of ita vote, It is not for them,
the vast majority, to yield to a timid and
time-serving minority. It is not for the
council of the orthodox to bribe the heretics
of 1896 by being silent as to the prime and
cardinal dogma of the new Democracy. In
an interview at Kansas City the Hon.
Gronce FrReD WILLIAMS of Massachusetts
gives the root of the matter:

“Of course, It would be a pleasant thing anda
touching tribute to HILL and toCLEVPLAND and thelr
friends if the jree silver declaration was left out by the
convention. Itwould be a touching tribute to these
men 'f 6,500,000 voters would admit that they had
been fools and knaves. Those Democrats who have
been enemies of the party should plalnly admit that
they have sinned against thelr country by bringing on
four years of McKinleyism. If they are not willing
to say that, they do not come in the proper spirit and
do not deserve consideration.”

Even if no principle were at stake, the
argument of expediency would be fata) to
the pretensions of those very Democrats
who assume that it is expedient to forget
silver. The Populist and the Silver Repub-
lican vote can be lost by such a course,
Mr. Bryan's own State can be lost. Demo-
cratic zeal in the South and West can be
chilled. And what would be on the credit
side of the Democratic ledger? The Demo-
crats who are pleading for “ conservatism”
are going to vote the Democratic ticket
anyway. There will be no gain from them.
The gain must be sought among anti-
imperialist Mugwumps. For instance, some
of the thirty-two anti-imperialist statesmen
who met in this town last week would be
won to Bryan by a ailver-slighting plat-

mee HOM Th

i SS mena
"

|

things produced in rustic work manufacture,
which Includes such articles as rustic chairs,
setters, tables, fences, gates, bird houses, bird
cages and window boxes.

The log cabins are made of cedar and they are
builtin a number of different sizes and styles,
which are eo; jes of typical cabins. The cabin
most commonly sold is 12x12 feet, and log
cabins of this kind are likely to be found in
stock. Cabins of other sizes are made to order,
Log cabins are sold to hunters, who set them
up in the woods oronthe mountains for hunt-
ing lodges. or to fishermen who aet them up by
streams or by the seashore for fishing huts, to
bo, perhaps, taken down and stored at the end
of the season

The log cabin fs shipped knocked down with
Instructions for setting up. 10 cases where It is
desired, aman Is sent to set them uv. They
are veritable log cabins in construction and ap-
pearance, with slab roofs and stick chimneys
andall that. Some are sold to be set up on
estates and country places; perhaps to be put
to actual use fora watchman or for other per-
sons emploved on the place. Onabla riace it
might be that_a cabin would be set up tn a
clearing on a hillside or down in some glade
where asettier would naturally build his cabin.
Taking them altogether, there are sold a good
many log cabins. They cost, according to siz»
and sty'e and equipment, $150 to 8500 each

Another odd sort of item in manufactured
rustic work is the rustic bridge. Owners of
country places of large or of small extent buy
such oridges for various purposes, to put over
a brook or larger stream (hit runs through
their property;on large estates, where it may
be ponde have been made and artificial
streams, bridges are required Rustic bridgeaare
made in large variety. Thev van be foundin
stock un to thirty feet in length and larger ones
are built to order.

 

OUR NAVY YARD WANTS WORK,

Another Petition to Washington for More
Repairs to Do.

Republican employoes in the Brooklyn Navy
Yard have drawn up g vetition which they will
send to Washington through Republican State
Committeeman John D. Post of Brooklyn, in
the next few days, asking that more of the
repair work on War vesseis be sent to that
yord. Fora long time the men inthe Brooklyn
yard have complained that the bulk of
the repair work has been sent to other yards
and ‘at they have not been getting afair share
of it They have the best lot of workmen
inthe country they say, and better factlities for
work than any of the other navy yards Yet
they acy that while hundreds of competent
workmen are idle aroun! the Breokiyn Navy
Yard, two shifts are working night and day at
the Roston Navy Yard, and the men at Phila-

 

, JULY 2, 1900.

Miss | form. Converts of high quality, in their |

|

|
|
|
|

    

IN SOUTH AFRICA. |

 

The military news is confined to the gen-
eral statement that the Free Staters have about
a fortnight left in which to escape from the net |
which Lord Roberts is casting round them, |
or to surrender, Meantime, their comman-
dos, moving rapidly from one point to another,
are harassing the British convoys, and inflict-
ing losses which in the aggregate add consider-
ably to the casualty list, besides capturing
amall detacliments of prisoners. The Natal
Government, however, has been warned that
there are considerable numbers.of Free State
burghers in the southern part of the Drakens-
berg, apparently threatening a raid on the
upper Tugela.

The British losses up to June 16 are officially
given at 243 officers and 2,853 men killed; 64 ofMf-
cers and 558 died of wounds, and 123 officers and
3,782 men died of disease and 60 men accidentally
killed, makiag the total deaths 7,183 of all ranks.
There were invalided to England from wounds
and sickness, 724 officers and 15,039 men. The
missing and prisoners after deducting the
officers and men released at Waterval after
the occupation of Pretoria, were 41 officers and
1,469 men, the total casualty list being
24,456 of all ranks. At the same date there
were over 11,000 sick {n the various hospitals,
and the whole estimated casualties since the
beginning of the war are put at 51,917, com-
prising natives and others in the commissariat,
trans; ort, railroad and medical services.

FRANCHISE QUALIFICATIONS,

 

It Is Getting Easter to Vote in the West and
Harder in the South.

The general tendency to overhaul election
laws in Western and Southern States is showing
itself in different ways in the groups, the qual-
{fications of suffrage being made easier in the
former by statutory provision and more dif-
floult in the latter by constitutional amendment.
Since the last Presidential election Idaho haa
extended the suffrage to women. Colorado,
Michigan, Minnesota, Nebraska, Oregon, South
Dakota, Wisconsin, Kansas and Indiana accord
the suffrage to aliens who have declared their
intention to become citizens. In Minnesota,
Nevada, Nebraska, Colorado, Iowa, Idaho, Kan-
sas and Oregon only six months’ residence in
the State is required as a qualification for vot-
ing, and in Washington there ts a provision qual-
ifying as residenis those who exercised the
suffrage in it when it was a Territory.

While these regulations prevail in the West
and Northwest, it has been made harder to vote
in the South than it was before, Louisiana has
adopted a radica! measure of exclusion applied
to practically all colored voters since the date
of the last Presidential election. Mississippl
requires a two years’ residence and so does
South Carolina, making an exception only in
the case of clergymen. North Carolina's Leg-
islature has approved for submission to the vo
tera in Augusta radical amendment to the Cons
stitution, Virginia is to have alike amendment,
to which candidates for the next Legislature
are to be committed under resolution of the
recent Democratic State Convention at Norfolk
approved by the voters on May 24. Alabama
has a similar proposed amendinent, though not
yet formally adopted, and Georgia has a poll tax

which operates to exclude nearly all colored
citizens from the right of puRrage. Tennessee
bas adopted the same method of restricting the
number of voters, and in many respects, theres
fore, this year’s Presidential election will be
held under conditions of siffrage different from
thoge which prevailed in 1896

During the process of change by which the
qualifications of suffrage are constantly made
harder and more numerous in the South and
fewer and less rigorous in the West, the East-
ern States, and most notably New York and
Pennsylvania, have made few changes in vot-
ing regulations, retaining, in fact, the condi-
tions which formerly existed, though making
radical changes in the manner of voting. New
York under the provisions of the amended
State Constitution has extended from thirty
days to ninety the period of citizenship before

young, so that a naturalized citizen must se-
cure his

a

yvapers by the beginning of August
instead of by the beginning of October, as was
previously the case, ‘Lhis alteration, how-
ever, operates to affect the franchise of an}
insignificant number of persons, and the reason |
of its adoption was not any purpose to restrict |
the suffrage, but to do away with some of the |
evils which would seem to be incident to whole- |
sale naturalization during the closing and
exciting days of a political canvass. As the |
cansus now being taken will show, the popu-
lation of all the Southern States has increased |
rapidly suice the close of the Civil War, but |
this is how the total vote in some of them ecom-
pared at the last Presidential election with
the vote cast in the same States in 1872, a quar- |
ter of a century before

Stite 1872 1896 |
GOTGIA. csi ese ssre neem soveeees 6 145,000 164,000
Loulsiana.....-+« -1248,.000 103,000
Misslssippl....-.cseeececeeeees +.129,000 70,000
South Carolina ter + 98,500 68,000

 

In many of the new Western States existing
statites accord certain privileges to citizens |
which are not enjoyed by residents who have not |
acquired citizenship and with it the right to vote.
This applies to land claims, homestead rights
patents, court proceedings, guarantees and
in some cases to banking privileges, and ac-
counts, therefore, to rome extent for the will-
ingne-a of new State Legislatures to
voting easy.

make
MR, BRYAN'S SHARE OF PROSPERITY

 

 

A Striking Increase of Worldly Goods During
Four Years of Republican Rule,

Lincoun, Neb,, June 20.—Mr. Bryan's recent
declaration in an interview at Chicago that
“we'll be willing to take the votes of all the
people who have not had their share of pros-
perity and leave the Republicans the votes of
the people who have had their share” is looked
upon by those of his fellow citizens who are
familiar with the facts as indicating an inten
tion, if not a desire, to vote for McKinley hime |
self this year, Certainly, if Mr. Bryan was
correctly quoted and meant what he said, he |
will be found in line with the Republicans, |
A very fair measure of a man’s prosperity is the
amount of property he returns for purposes |
of taxation and, fortunately,a record of Mr.
Mr. Bryan's returns can be found in this, his |
home county.

Seven years ago Mr. Bryan was just finishing
his second term in Congress. Previous to that
he had been one of a number of struggling
young lawyers in the city, earning perhaps
from $1,500 to $2,000 a year. He has resided in
the Fifth ward of Lincoln for seven years, and
the following statement, taken from the sched-

ules returned by Mr, Bryan for each year since,
shows his increase of tangible wealth and pros-

perity

Year. Vaiua. |
1BD3...606 vevereree $289 |
1804 sos eee
1895.... ove, 840 |
BUR iicesiccspake 270 |

  

Between 1894, when his term in Congress
ended, and 1496, when he was nominated for
President, he was engaged in the practice of
law. His achievements as a Congressman had
won him a wider circle of friends and more
legal business, but since 1806 he has not had a
case in any court, save when he oy; cared be-
fore the Supreme Court of the United States,
as a representative of the State of Nebraska
to present one phase of the maximum railroad}
freight rate case,

In four years of Democrate administration
his average valuation was 272.50 a year, while
under four years of Republican prosperity it
rone to #2,908.75, ond his property to-day, ac-
cording to his own valuation, ‘s worth $4,280
more than before MeKinley took office. In
Ne vraska personal Property is liated at one-
fifth of \ts value. Aside from this, he has in-
vested in the past seven years about $4,000 In
farm pioperty.

4 Kepublican editor who locked over the
figures remarks: “A Jewyer who ean make
more money doing nothing under a Repub! an
administration than he_can in the practice of
his profession uncer a De» ocratic administra
tion vu«lt not to be insistent upon his demand
for a change.”

SEGARA

Speed in Long-Hand Writing.

To THe EprroR OF THE SuN—Sir: In an
article in Tuk SUN headed ‘Vertical Handwriting
Abolished’ f read: “It §8 said that the average
puptl using the slant system can write forty-five
words a minute tothe vertical writing pupil's thirty
words.’ [beg to differ with the person who made
(hat statement Upon investigotion you will find

tant the average pupll does not write twenty words a
minute, and {fyou can find one puptlin the whole of
New York who can write forty five words per minute
for hve minutes and bave the writing pass muster for

 

| business purposes you will hive unearthed 4 phe-

delphia and Portsmouth are getting more work |

than they ean attend to, When the act author-
izing the five new battleships was pas-ed by
Congress last year a petition with 68,000 siana-
tures was sent to the Secretary of the Navy
asking that at least one of the ships be built at
the Brooklyn yard. Mr. Post has promised the
navy yard workmen to doall in his power to
Oring more work 5 em. Senator yy was
as yesterday if he eer) A to doany-
thing about matter. He said | KShad not.

Gy CWT RT ike (Laas ln: Nate RT TF

noemeron, I question the ability of any jiong-hand
writer to do the triek.

We have all read of the wonderful speed of tele-
Graph operators; among them F:dison, © hen he was

uading the Keys, Dut thelr writing, when counted
y the accepted standard of counting tive small let
ters per word, capitals as two leiiers, punctuation
marks, dots and crosses as one, never went above
forty words per minute.

That wasin the day before the typewriter, when
and when teleg-

there was a premium On fast writio
MADARASZ

raphers set the pace,
Ew YORK, June 30,

y

7ME MISSISSIPP! HEARWA TERS.

Plan to Make a New National Park of the
Minnesota Forests and Lakes.

To vues Epiton oF THE SUN -Sir; An
allotment of $2,250,000 has just been made for |
the improvement and deepening of tho |
Mississippi River. A further amount of |
$5,000,000 isasked from the River and Harbor
Commission for rendering this river more |
navigable at certain shallow places. |

Now, at this river’s headwaters in the
northern part of Minnesota is an Indian reser- |
vation already ceded to the Government under
the Rice Treaty with the Indians. This reser-
vation is known as the Leech Lake Chippewa |
Reservation.

In this tract are 830,000 acres, of which |
200,000 are water, Within its boundaries are
the three great lakes of Leech (with 540 miles |
of shore line), Winibigoshish and Cass, besides
seventy smaller lakes connecting with the In-!
fant Mississippi, making one great checker-
board of forest and water.

Itis said that upon this reservation !s to-day
the greatest body of white and Norway pine to
be found in this country. Conservative esti-
mates give 2,000,000,000 feet of standing pine,
exclusive of some hard woods and jack pine,
making altogether a great watershed and filler
bed for the Mississippi River.

Some prominent citizens of the Northwest |
are doing their utmost to nave thisland reserved
as 4 National Forest Park by the Government |
instead of having it sold to the lumbermen.

Upon this tract are tribes of Chippewa Indians |
numbering in all 1,500 souls. It is proposed that |
the Indians be left where they are instead of

|
|
|

being driven away to a foreign reservation.

The intelligent, thinking person must realize
the effect upon the flow and quantity of water
inariver with its timber-covered headwaters
denuded. A flood in the early spring and mid-
summer and low water for the rest of the year
is the history of every stream after its head-
waters have suffered at the hands of the lum-
berinen,

The mean depth of the Mis {ssippt would un-
doubtedly be greatly lowered were the timber
to be cut from this great watershed, This
being 80, to keep the river navigable ita entire |
length from St. Paul to the Gulf would require |
the expenditure of many millions annually. In-
stead of arequest for eight or ten millions a
hundred millions would be asked for. To do
that which would lower this great river two or
thre» feet would prove a catastrophe to the
whole Mississippi River Valley with its more
than 20,000,000 Inhabitants.

For two years the most strenuous efforts have
been made by the Federation of Women's Clubs
of the State of Minnesota and a number of pub-
lic spirited eltizens to prevent the lumbermen

of the State, already rolling in wealth through
purchases of timber lands from the Govern-
ment and State, from acquiring this land.
Thes ssame lumbermen, oblivious to every other
consideration save that of present person®l
profit, have so far been influential enough with
some of Minnesotas Representatives in
Washington to prevent any action by Congress
to reserve this land for the people.

In other words, a handful of Minnesota lum-
bermen, looking upon this great body of stand-
ing pine with covetous eyes, have so far been
able to block any legislation toward preserva-
tion and are working night and day to secure
the tliiber through public sale

If they succeed they will put. perhaps an
extra million or two of dollarsin their pockets
atafuture cost to the nation of a hundred
million or more by jeoparding the navigabiiity
of one of the greatest water highways on the

 

 

globe,

The friends of forest preservation take the
position that this question of destroying or pre-
serving the timber pon the headwaters of this |
river (s of such widespread national importance
that its faie should not be left in the hands of a
few legislators from Minnesota

The proposition ts too broad and national in
{ts scope to be controlled or influenced by any
self-seeking methods. .

The writer had the pleasure of addressing
the Forestry branch of the Society for the Ad-
vaneement of Science on Tuesday last at Co-
lumbia University on this subject. He re- |
ceived the greatest attention and was assured |
of the hearty support from the far-thinking,
broad-minded men praesent.

The question of reser ving this tract will come |

p again on December next in Washington and ,
t trust the publication of thls article may |
arouse aome men of national public sptrit to
help toward the right end when the time comes,
Tt is a question of whether the personal gain of
a handinl of already wealthy lumbermen
should be considered when the outcome means
20 many millions of loss to the nation at large.

CHARLES CHRISTADORO,

Br. Pav, Minn., June 28.

|
'

The $1,000 Billiard Games Gen, Grant Used
to Watch.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE SUN—Sir: At the time
Gen. Grant was a steady visitor to the Metropolitan
billiard room in San Francisco that room was fre- |
quented by some of the best known men fn California ,
and was the acene of many exciting games of billiards,
made so by the large sums of money that were played
for almost continually, for the place was seldom
closed at night or on Sundays.

There were six tables in the room, which was hand-
somely fitted up, and most of the players liked to bet
something to make it interesting. The heaviest
bettor of all was T. J. A. Chambers. He was infatu-
ated with the game and nothing pleased him so well |
as playing @ game of 100 points (he disiiked long |
games) for $1,000, All be wanted was an even
chance, and if no players of about his own skill would |
accommodate him he was ready for those that played
better, provided they were willing to give such odds as
he thought he could win half the games at. Some-
times his willingness led him to make Games that he
had the worst of, and William Thompson, another
heavy bettor and a good matchmaker, profited con-
alderably thereby.

One afternoon. at about 2 o'clock, they began
playing for $1900 a game, 100 points, Thompson
discounting Chambers, and Thompson's friend
Whipple betting Chambers $500 on each game. They

layed until next morning, Chambers losin

wenty games out of thirty-four and $¥,000 In gol
This seemed to have so little effect on him that
Michael Phelan, who kept the room, sald ‘: I believe
that I felt worse about Chambers losing that money
than he did."

Phelan was a firm fitend to Chambers and {t wax to |

please him that he went to San Francisco in 1453, be-
cause Chambers said to him: “Thompson has won a
rood deal of money from ine discounting me at bil-
Jards and pe does not think any one can discount |
him. I think you can, and will bet more money on It
than he and all his friends will bet if you will go out
there and play him.”

Phelan was then at 510 Broadway, New York. He
sold out bis business and went to San Francisco
Chambers was there awaiting him, ready to back his
opinion with a large amount of mone Phelan dis
counted Thompson many games, winning a large
majority of them, but he was obliged to play his best
to do Oe snd walle coe wol considerable
money on him, ompson usually won it bac
him by discounting him. 7

Capt. Grant, as he was then called, was usuall
Interested spectator. His sympathies Sere van
Chambers, who was an extremely «enerous and fair.
minded man. I met himin San Franciscoin 1870 and
asked him {f he remembered the army officer who
used to take such interest In the games that he and
Thompson used to play in the Metropolitan, He said
he did and asked if | knew what had become of him,
I sald: “Yes, he has become President of the United
States,”" GEORGE E, PHELAN,

NEW YORK, June 30.

 

 

 

Fit,

To THE EpITroR oP THE SUN—Sifr: Ig not
Gawett Treambly, honest wagonmaker of Rensselaer
county, eligible to THE SUN'S roll of fame?

TRoy, N. Y., June $0, JASO

The Western Giant,

The Western Glant ts sleeping;
A hemitphere ts his bed;

He warms his feet at the Isle of Fire,
And the Pole is at his head.

The World has spread his pillow
With a pillow-siip of snow,

And Mauna Loa lights his lamp
What time the earth fires glow.

The Western Glant Is dreaming;
Perhaps it were not best

To venturetoo near the sleeper,
Nor disturb lfm in bis rest.

For his teeth ate clenched together,
And he mutters under his breath,

And on his face la written now
A vision of life and death.

The Western Glant{s waking;
He st.ciehes forth his arm,
And the turbulent 0 tlons are silent
And pollid with alarm
All breathiess they watch bis waking,
Then turn them to flee-in vain!
The wreckage of a hostile flee,
Has strewu the Spanish Matin.

The Westein (Hant has wakened;
Arise, Europa, and flee!
And stand by your guns, ye Franks and Huns,
And ye Cos eek ea@alry!
And the Tsung it Yamen must tremble,
And the spereniess Turk must pay,
While he buckles his Nicaraguan belt
And wades into the fray.

HAVANA, Cuba, June 23. JONN H. Brows.

a

| ery against the poor deputy.
, tually to apologize for his dog's

—

TERRA COTTA HOME FOR JUSTICE,

 

Attorney-General Griggs Not to Try to Have
the Bailding Appropriation Increased.

WasainoTon, July 1. — Attorney-General
Griggs will soon advertise for new bids for
constructing the proposed building for the
Department of Justice. No further atten
will be made to get Congress to increase tho
appropriation of $1,000,000 ordered in) Mare),
of last year. As the Attorney-General cannot
let contravts for a building that would cost
from half a million to a million dollars more
than the appropriation, it is likely that the

| new building will have to be a terra cotta struc.

ture. This, officials say, would be a disgrace
to the Government when placed on the ste
opposite the handsome Treasury building

' and in line with the imposing State, War and

Navy building.

In the meantime the Department of Justice
is, like all Gaul, divided into three parts. Tho
offices of the Attorney-General, the Soleitor-
General and the Pardon Attorney and the
General Headquarters, are in an old bu lding
formerly a residence, on Ko street oppesit
McPherson Square. The Court) of (Clay
is in the old Corcoran Art Gallery building,
half a mile away, and the Claims Department
is in a small building, formerly a residence
at & Lafayette square, housing twenty-five or
thirty attorneys in crainped quarters. Por
all this accommodation the Government is pay-
ing nearly $25,000 annually oul of the appro-
priation made for the proposed new building
The cost of moving and fitting up these places
this year, together with the rental, will bring
this figure up to 830,000.

The opposition to increasing the appro-
priation is said to come from the fact that
certain members of Congress were nol sialis-
fled with the way in which bids were asked
by the Attorney-General from ten selected
firms. The statement has been made thy:
there was collusion among eight of these firms
and that the figures were too high. On ()
other hand, the Attorney-General decline.
that the facts of the case do not warrant t
assumption; that the bids were advertised
for and opened according to law, and that the
high figures were due to the general rise int
cost of building materials and the price o!
labor

The Attorney-General thinks that it Congres
has not the pride to want @ building whet
will be a credit rather than a@ diswrace to the
people of the country, he cannot take furthe
steps aud make further effort to get an ih
crease in the appropriation. He feels that he
has been humiliated by the recent refusal of
Congress to consider an increase in the appro-
priation, and does not propose to go around
to members of Congress pleading for the neces-
sory arnount of money to put up such a building
as Wascontemplated a year ago. |

“The fact of the matter is,” said one of the
attorneys connected with the Department
of Justice, “Congress is not interested in the
Department of Justice very much. There
is no fleld for patronage here. Tt will @o on
sinereasing appropriations for the Bureau of

Eneraving and Printing and other depnrt-
ments because there is a chance for an increase
in the number of clerks and consequently for

new appointments to be made.”

FISH FROM KEUKA LAKE,

It Was Caught With a Spear and Ice Tongs
and Welghed 130 Pounds,

BIG

Penn Yan, N. Y., July 1.—Oliver Judson and
Ephraim Mulligan, two employees of the Yates
Ice Company, started in a rowboat last evens
ing for the fishing grounds in Keuka Lake, two
niles west of this city. In the boat was a
four-tined fish spear, a torch and a pair of toe
tongs. As the men approached the fishing
grounds the torch was lighted, Judson,
spear in hand, took his position in the bow of
the boat, while Mulligan sat in the stern and
paddled. About an hour after dark, a large
fish sped across the fleld of light. Judson
lunged with the spear and struck the fish about
eight inches above its tail. The fish made an

effort to get away and jerked Judson out of
the boat. Judson clung to the spear handle
and tried to tire out the fish. Mulligan jumped
to his teet as the fish came near the boat, grab-
bed the ice tongs and caught the fish, piercing
each eye with one tong. Judson dropped the
spear, swam alongside the fish and canght it
around the body near the tail. As Mulligan
lifted with the ice tongs Judson lifted at the
tail, and the fish was paces in the bout. The
fish was brought to Penn Yan and weighed.
It tipped the scales at 130 pounds.
appears to be some kind of a hornless
head, but its species js unknown here,

The fish
bull-

 

 

 

Card From Sergt, Douglas's Widow.

To THE Epiror or THRE SUN—Sir; My sincere
thanks are due THRE SUN forits generosity in receiv

ing and So promptly forwarding contrib. tions to tue
fund for the assistance of my children and myself
lam deeply grateful toall who have given usald acd

especially to the comrades and fellow Guard men of
my late husband, who deserve credit for having per
formed a double duty. MARY DOUGLA
Widow of Sergt. Douglas, Company I, First Regi
ment, N.G.,N. Y.
MOUNT VERNON, N. Y., June 3o,

English Dogs East of Svea,
From the Lahore Tribun’.

The acme of ludicrousness has been reached in the
follwing story which comes from Benares, An
English lady, wife of an enginesr, followed by her
dog, was cycling along the road where, as fi! ues
would have it, a deputy magistrate, a native, resided,
The deputy'sdog bit the lady's dog Unfortuna'rty
for his ‘native’ mas er, the native’ dow's
had falted to realize the gravity of the offene

irteileet

he

committed by not respecting bis “Ruropean”
fellow creature as well aS the amonnt
trouble he thus brought upon hi master

“The dog belonging ty a European,” says the Leng:
lee, *because the European ists master jo distinetly

a superior species as compared to thedoe whicha
‘native’ may possess, and some of the respect woo li
is due to the Furopean (despite the recent ruling of Mr
Justice Prinsep) must be pald to his dog.’’ Almost the

enUre Ruropean Benares, |tap; ears, ruised a due ard
The poor fetluw had ve
misesiduet toth:

lady and, by implication to her husband! But the
endof the affair was not here The Commisst»: er
of the Divicion wanted t) have the unluecy fellow

transferred from the station and intimated his pur
pose to the Lieutenant Governor His Honor, of
course, failed to agree with the Commissioner, but the
latter, we are told, bas not yet been disheartened and
bas again addressed the Government on the subfret,
having become very anxious for the maintenance of
the prestige of his administration.

Foreign Notes of Real Interest,

Count Zeppelin hasannouneed that he will try h's
Steering balloon again before the end of this month

What Is believed to be a Viking corpse has been dug
up in a peat bog at Damendorf, in Sehleswig, and
Placed in the Kiel Museum, It was well preserved,
and had red hair; it was clothed In coarse woollen ma
terial with sandals on the feck Kiel experts think It
WAS buried 1,500 years ago

Eton Coliege has published a list of fts former
schoolboys who are serving In South Africa. There
are 1,001 names in the list, among them those of
Lord Roberts, Sir Redvers Puller, Lord Methuen,
Tord Dundonald, and Gens 1.) elton, Chermside,
Colvile, Pole-( arew, Knox and Hutton.

Germany's torp do boat flotilla, by command of
the Emperor, recentiy tooka trip upthe Rhiueand
back that lasted a month, Officers and men were
feasted atevery town ard village on the river. The
Times reports that on over fifty »ccasions they were
treated to ham and asparagus with their Rhine wine.

Between 1470 and 1497, 119 women obtained de
grees from Itallan universities, Of these sixty four
Were graduated in arts, fifteen in physical selence,
fourteen In mathematies, seven in nhilosonhy, four tn
law and fifteen In medicine, Last year the number
of women students at the several [talian universtiles
was 261,

Asia Minor’s tobacco crop was given up this year
owing to a plague cf caterpillars. An tngenious
farmer, however, \urned his turkeys (nto his tobaceo
pateh, The turkeys made quick work of the caterpi!
lars, and there was a boomin turkeys atonce. A good
part of the crop, «specially in the Yenldje district, has
been saved,

Germany's ofMfcial catalogue for the Paris Expost
tlon fs printed In a new type the tnventor of whieh Is
said to be the Kaiser himself. The letters are the ordi
nary Roman letters with Gothie decorations, The inten
tion ts to substituie tie new alphabet for the present
German type, and to arcompliss this object fonts of
the new type will be offered to German printing
eStablishments at very low prices.

London soctety women have broken out ina new

direction. A number of them will appoar as super
numeraries atthe Empire Musto! all, according toth:
Daily Mail. "They wil not goou in the regulation

ehts and ballet dress, they will Just wear thetr fash
fonable dresses, walking costumes, tea gowns and so
on.” The bateb of applicants includes sevesad peer:
eases and some real society beauties.

 

a

Sap